They were, don't think they still are.
Alex looks so cute on my picture.
Colliers South Florida has been named in the Top 5 Commercial Real Estate Brokerages by the South Florida Business Journal's Book of Lists!
Sign us up for your show! We've been surviving zombies on our webseries since forever (about 6 months-ish)
is about to go to trivia night at Meg's local - I am apparently supposed to hold the religion and politics end up.
Mac and Cheese balls with siracha and ranch sauce are officially on the menu at North Ave! #gethungry at Classic Slice
GREEN LANTERN: Hal-"He gave me this." "He proposed??" XD lmfaooo
u for the follow!
Driver up next!!!
going to natl gallery of art then soho or Chinatown for din
J timberlake in alpha dog telling the kid to go get em smokes or go for a ride ... Stupid. How bout telling the kid what's really going on ?
i can ice skate, but not roller skate
Denver=Beatable, Denver+The Lord=Not Beatable
I love how phone calls with are an every night thing now.
Gamel looks very good at the plate this homestand...
follow me:)
i look jdfgdjfjgf -.- but i love you Happy 1 Year
Vocation is not taking an extended vacation from your natural gifts.
yeah like I have the energy to get up and walk in that cold ass weather
Can you guys please stop sending my stuff telling me how to get better in bed! im i know im great in bed ask ;'], lol
On my 8th page of notes I started just an hour ago
saw your stand up for the first time this weekend. Seriously loved it!
I might needa em! Seal ass pissn me off! RT : Wats the problem? Do I gota go get my brass knuckles lol
Flawless is a big word to use to describe yourself. You should reverse it and say lessflaws..
RT : "You would not exist if you did not have something to bring to the table of life." Herbie Hancock
On my way to
Thanks for the Follow, Het! You're always the first to respond to me. :)
"don't hate the player hate the bitch that broke his heart and turned him into a player"
Jus kno make sure anythang u do is worth it....
Goddammit: "The GeoCities service is no longer available, but there's a lot more to explore on Yahoo!"
AM I THE ONLY GROWN ADULT MAN WHO STILL PUT BABY POWDER ON...
Here comes the smoke.
Harry Potter AND Mean Girls. This is my life. “: Boo, you whorecrux!”
I read that the Mayans didn't account for leap year, and without it, it would be July 2013. Perhaps she should rethink?
": True laziness is being excited when plans get canceled Ur Tweets r GOLD! Only complaint, they're not mine:(
for me...the best way to start any workout is with dynamic stretching. Get the muscles loose and the blood flowing!
You're Network is your Net Worth
Congratulations! RT : my daughter will be a freshman at in September. Staten island campus.
I haven't been able to get online all day, and TODAY all this stuff happens?! Porter? Wtf? 14yrs old!? Jefferson to NCState? WTF?
Good Morning! Off this morning to Eastern Remodeling and Cabinet refacing to see John Delvin! What are you up to?
Yes! You get to take off the next couple of years. It is like when Miley was huge and kids went crazy. Lucky to get tickets.
So sad my son fell asleep 30 minutes ago
That smell of mess around you....! Lynette Skynyrd are giving it up in #burbank tonight!
I'm down!!
Just RSVPed for the project night next week. Group motivation is our friend!
New Mass. living in La now. you?
For 17 years, I have been involved in conversations about electronic publishing. Every new manuscript has been electronic.
Refuse to settle for anything less...
Peoples gonna throw us a million reasons why this isn’t gonna work out between us, but I’m armed with one reason why it will... ♥
Going to be the longest hour of my life. 😁🔫
Let's also not forget about the inventory build in tech & weak macro trends for the holiday season
Good Morning! There are rule changes for Occupy protesters tonight... Naomi Pescovitz has the story now
I will be starting on a 2012 IndyCar Season Preview anyone want to help out?
Bad girls ain't no good... Good girls ain't no fun...#whathappntojstsimple#
Oh I like that.
u are funny ditto was watchin miracle hindering me too and macho me got teary sheesh
No facial hair back then, but I did have sum on my head lol. Wasn't sporting the look back then!
Chillin' on my bed, in my room. :D Not even stressing out about anything. So prepared. I'm so happy.
Yoga or aerobics
what's the deal with Casteel
I wouldn't know, So is there any particular colour of caryon,cuz I like blue cheese with buffalo chicken. I case I run out
Spreadsheet shmreadsheet. It's all about the colors. And the longshots.
"All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions." Any stories, thoughts or muse to share that fit into this?
haha thanks bro!! :)
I hope everyone has there 's ready, that includes you ladies, no waxing.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell4
What is my philosophy of librarianship? Reading some online and they are all over the place in terms of ideas.
oh broo. you're awesome/funny/my BFF!
I may not make the roster tomorrow night. Not looking good with the laptop.
I'm officially one of those people who tries to take pictures of the moon. #sobeautiful!
you know how brutal new mexican jails can be. Tark will bail them out
Follow my potato? ILY and ill follow you back :)
What role Vice President Joseph R. Biden will play in Obama's administration? So far, he is still without portfolio.....
Thanks for the #FF love !
i seriously love driving thru clifton at 3am ..... everyone is a mess. lol i miss those days 😒
"Yeah. A car race. Because creating a livable city is *super* hard."
mike says to tell you hhhuuuunnnttteeerrrrrrrrr!
Last night was another of those nights when I think about, what if I'd stayed in LA? I think my life would have gotten interesting... (1/2)
Neck tattoos and whatever that is on Bryce Harper's head all need to get out of major league baseball
yoooo you pumped for this fishing trip coming up or what bro
still trying to reach 100 fans by Christmas! Come on people!
Don’t be afraid of slide count (or frame count).
I wonder is still up??
great! As for the hizzy.. I know more then you can imagine
love those things
I just flipped off a squirrel. Yeah, that's right. He had it coming.
-big 'ole business..
#FantasyFootball www.hottubsleeperpicks.com killer Halloween episode online now!
you welcome, i hope you enjoy it RT thank you !
Is there a rule-of-thumb for how long one must wait for a late professor in grad school?
you are the best!! thanks for always having my back and for keeping it real. happy friday!!
Stand right, walk left people...
Chilling looking at my beautiful girlfriend
my birthday in a nutshell hahahah
Hearing that will miss "several" games
Robt L. Stevenson & many more...she memorized them and still remembers at 91!
sawg swag swag on you
instead of linear....multiple entry points for the learning
This is my new twitter, FOLLOW ME!
Lol you got it won mah dude.
RT Want to learn about when to have the same design on different screens? Be here in half an hour.
FALSEHOODS! There is no pictorial proof of that whatsoever. >.>
In NYC for the weekend!! #nafta reunited
you misunderstand. I didn't want any wangs but it seemed like you needed help finding it?
got a big hat!
Let the wild rumpus start.
I've had $9 since Saturday and I get paid on Fridays.
bitch when is the Avon vs. Speedwayy thing ?!
i mean general activities. For ex: how to build a session for an artic kid? An exp Lang kid to build vocab? Like a clinic session?
Yo, likewise to yall! Going to be a great night!
I do text you a lot don't I? :D <3
is oh-so excited about the July 2011 wedding they just booked! It's going to be inside Bridal Cave in the Ozarks!!! :)
Rise n Grind!!! Pushin myself to that gym!!!
Is this #GOPcode because the President indeed has an agenda + can back it up with policies he has implemented?
Worth reading?
i will have to try when i get home. My photo wont let me....
Note to every co-worker on earth: don't leave doody on the toilet seat in a shared restroom. Ever.
Don't get me wrong, I'm excited but I don't think I'm ready yet... Or even want to be. Can't hold on to what's not there I guess...
RTing any and every tweet that has #TheZone in it.
Live near Waupaca, Wisconsin? If so, be sure to check out the great children's bookstore DRAGONWINGS on Main Street! Lots of fun!
.. that's an interesting piece.
Getting a 404 error when trying to log in. Prior to that my account would go online - Help!
I love loud punk
We know!! The scaffolding on the garden side should be completely down by the end of the month!
don't, man.
no shut the Fuck up I wouldn't let you ! Just say your sorry
If Richard could follow me, my life would be complete
Rob saw a inside park home run and an unassited triple play to end the Mets game today.
Until you can be thankful for what you've already got, you won't be thankful no matter how much you get!
Also Let's Go Knicks!!!
I gotta say, Gucci and polo go together like vagina and tongues...
You can't say "good eye might" without sounding australian. I bet you just tried.
That nails it on the head precisely.
#FF For acting classes check out
wait Kyle, aren't you a little old to be in Renee's class? nice drawings btw
Gingrich has apparently already solved all of the problems. Why are we even having this election?
The online #auction coming to #LPS will feature services such as Liposuction and Brazilian Butt Lift
Thank you :)
I feel so honored to be in a room full of the best and brightest communications execs in SA to talk about the future of the city.
Going night night .
Finding out my mom is pretty much atheist.
I'd come sit w/ you, but I'm having my morning alone time. Which is tricky at a conference! ;)
ok going to bed.. been a long day.. tomorrow back to the routine again
can I get a preview of the Believe CD, I'm curious of how it turned out. Just for my personal review 😊
same old craziness
There is only six more days until Christmas!!! Is everyone ready for it?
Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them. You will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have. :)
used #Square for 1st time last Fri at my jewelry show. tad apprehensive. OMG! completely awesome. my $ was in my acct on Tues. Love #Square!
Being authentically yourself in the present moment means being able to accept being abandoned by your family and friends....
The only reason you are friends with her is because everyone else hates you. Don't flatter yourself.
When some of your best friends aren't even gunna show up for your 21st birthday<<<<<
#first40songsonshuffle #10 The Wizard and I - Wicked
“: my abs feel tight ;)” lol good!
RT - Larry Johnson signs with the Miami Dolphins one of my favorite running backs of all times...
These niggas from across the street blowin some LOOUUUUDDDD and i dont even smoke.....
Agreed. The more succinctly you can communicate an idea, the firmer grasp you have on the concept. Required length be damned.
So am I Connie, but I kind of like this crazy site and a couple others.
our church needs a new furnace, we worshiped the second week in a row with no heat
Filming as tennis player and been playing since 7:30, have about 7 hours to go. So I'll be Pro by the time this day is over, or dead.
Question asked: Wasn't GA teacher training unsuccessful? New training diff bc using multiple approaches, more resources, online learning.
Me and my brother in the car: Me:Where are we Brandon: Damn were in the J'sand i got a 6O's hat on get me the fuck outta here Me: Whaat?
Lady Gaga as Joe Calderone - hate it or love it?
haha hell nah. I miss those days tho
I usually don't listen to opera, but La Traviata is beautiful!
Q3) You really need a consultant.
Finally, home I can't wait to get my OWN Place, I know some people may enjoy the whole experience of being take care of by their parents but
oh I will.
Where you eating lunch today OKC?
thinking of you. text me.
Headache for three days...
New Horizon Theater is having another Summer Jamz! Details coming soon! :-)
Thanks for the follow Much love from one colony to another!
On a side note the OKC-LAL schedule is the most bizarre ever. Is B2B and 3 days between Games 6/7 is for 'basketball reasons'?
I am too!! But she is hella gorgeous and so nice.. No wonder he likes her:(
@ @ let's hope so...lots at stake if we let our guard down. BTW...Romney hearts Europe...priceless!
Morning Star Adoption Agency In Michigan | Adoption
congrats on the futures game. Hope to see you on the big team soon
What song are you currently obsessed with?
They hollarin pimp c back!!
Woke up with no voice. Awesome.
You bet!
I dnt hate yall i just only love us...Outlandish
hey what up?
just don't try to run for president after announcing that on twitter. the birthers would be after you!
hahaha oh you bet!
But my students say that you don't get patience until you turn 8yrs old...I guess my emotions missed that memo.
The meeting went great! This event is going to be wild!!
what up boo
Hello Phriend, sorry we had to kick Pittsburg's ass yesterday, hahaha. Better luck next year buddy. See on tour #FlyersPhan :)
In the mood for a Bacon and Chive Waffle or something a little more "Boring"? Come check out #brunch today from 11:30-2!
Wide awake.. It's gonna be another late night for me. I have so many things on my mind & planner to get accomplished this year...
Golds Gym. yay or nay? anyone go?
Looking forward to rehearsal tonight for Blush of Spring Runway show, Nashville Southern Women's Show feat. &
Bout to fall asleep in class
I have the world's largest collection of seashells
After revision, my 415 paper is coming in at about 3950 words. Is that within the realm of acceptability?
Happy Friday! Hope you've got a great weekend in-store....
Had? Did you throw it out for him? RT : Also, a guy in the Bucks pressroom had an XFL logo coffee mug.
You are always welcome on my couch. Keep me apprised of your travel plans. Schedule permitting, I'd love to show you around SF.
I love getting to work & finding dried baby snot on my shirt!
Most kids don't make it past 1st semester of college bcuz they don't know how to handle alcohol. Start teaching early!!!!
“: Brittany and Tanner are both getting blocked from my twitter. 👊👊” neveaa!!
incidentally got a call from rcn trying to keep us. Too late for us but told him a neighbor thinking of switching...
Phones dead and won't charge -_- hit me up on twatter
The apps are already there; they only need to be transferred to the mobile platform... and be able to interact with servers, etc.
Police say surviellance video shows victim and suspect entering Pearl District high rise just before murder.
This week the Office of Recycling starts its on-the-ground effort to get more businesses to recycle!
Really excited to live-tweet the re-launch of the Tacoma #SciCafe tonight. Follow and join the conversation
Deuteronomy 10:18 "He defends the cause of the fatherless and the widow, and loves the alien, giving him food and clothing."
Snooze button
will be there performing in a couple of weeks...can't wait...have fun!
": There have already been hundreds of questions for #AskXavi but we can only pick the best 8 so get your thinking caps on!
Beer review and pictures sent :) cc:
Plays posted today from 88 cappers all Collge hoops and only 2 consensus from their picks on Ill.St. & Butler..
We are only 2 followers away from FREE icr cream in old sac. Going to be warm latet RT & dont miss out
NAPA with Ross our crazy fun Bartender! Tell him a tweet sent you! Sit at the bar
Laura, Anything for you.
2 Corinthians 3:17 17 Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.
Just finished reading the Hunger Games. Was told that I need layoff the non-fiction for a bit. I am such a team player
need some twitter friends to twitter with ....
god yes. I miss you!
Of course if you can keep a studio like New Line in business for nearly 3 decades, you're doing even better!!
Watching some comedy...Cracking up :)
Half a $billion where are you?
God will meet you where you are. You just have to call on him. The question is do you want to be loved?
Good Morning!!! Let's make it productive
Tickets bought! The lil' man was adamant about it this morning. Looking forward to a great night out <3
oh haha that sucks ): did i miss anything else?
Best way to spend a cold, rainy Sat morning? Waiting in line at a NW Indiana industrial park w/ thousands of other beer nerds.
aloha xD dude i'm like 7 inches away from youu -.- how can you miss me? lol
WGOLF: Harvard moves up to 13th midway through the final day at NCAA Central Regional
Day/night was placed in the worst spot. My kids only wanted to see toy story and were upset it didn't come on.
thanks for the #followback, I hope you enjoy Milwaukee! you should follow too, it would make him SO happy
I would eat a sandwich!
So true :)
can u please follow me please it would mean the world to me if u did pleae
I said LETS GO! CAVS FANS! SHUT EM DOWN! www.nevaoutdoneent.com
Robert plants voice = eargasm
no I guess <3
Florida.your hair is awesome:D
me too! Xx
Excited to have a booth this year!!!
ha- amazing
its all good though
wondering around wishing we could just buy the entire store!
AlwaysRT : #sexisbetter when liquor is involved
I'm still waiting for the 'next stop: Austin!' tweet haha
Awww Kerry <3 LOL good times x) I was sad to see him go
You are going to love love love Austin. Good luck with the move. Look forward to the awesomeness you bring.
That's a crazy stat!
According to Klout, I'm an influential about unicorns, pinterest, architecture, and zombies. Right.
#Dc #drink aficionados... Any idea who the distributor for the Remy Cointreau portfolio in DC is?
Lost sucks, stop sucking dick clones
#happybdayjb happy birthday!!!, wish you the best from all my heart.... I LOVE YOU JB!
THE BMO WILL BE IN CONCERT APRIL 29TH!!!
When being in the room only with the horsemask feels like you're not alone
No one did no matter what provider. RT : As usual, I had NO service in the stadium during the entire game.
thats what I thought #knucklesandwichs are intimidating
The Loving Hut is my friend. Raw tacos and tempeh salad ftw!
What? Son, I just left a Bass Guitar, a Sleepin' Bag and a Duffel. Lmao Thank you tho ma man. D.C. is pretty nice.
Just finished a very successful Roundtable event. Congratulations
ANYONE WANT A PROMO CODE???????
FYI, for those tweeting about the keynote, Eric's handle is .
": Whoever wins will have to go into hiding! Like cut off from society for a while! Those vultures gonna come out fast!"
i got my baby back! (my macbook)
that trade would be amazing, also good for ORL cause they send DH to the WC, but small market for him, would never happen...
What episode was it??? This is the most motivating show for trips to Goodwill, EVER.
I'm about to go NUTS on this trailmix.
Buenos Dias WORLD!
Where there’s a will, there’s a way!
Have u ever just stared at the fan and watched the wings move. They look like they are in slow mo.
I hate how much I miss you..I hate how I blow off every boy cause you are the only one I want but you don't even feel the same..
You knocked it out of the park... Powerful!
and you cant spell cuthtard without t, h & c.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
"If a little money does not go out, great money will not come in." Confucius (551BC - 479BC)
you definitely tweeted this, dude.
City track update: East's Ninah Devine won the girls 300 low hurdles and triple jump titles. Edgewood's Joe McKenna won the 800 and 1,600
Where in DC would you buy "vintage homewear, prints, or the like" -- and be able to have a friend in Australia buy a gift certificate?
#MyGoals - Run a marathon.
It takes just as much courage to walk away as it does to stay.
That Could Help Your Chances!
last day before 4:30 am newscast rolls out in the new year!!
great 2nd at Disney. Am I the only one who giggles when I see the name #RosaChacha ?
I believe Chamo is about 13 years old
awww!! <3 I was the last one in line, and was freaking out the entire time UNTIL I got to them. Hahah. <3 <3
Um... so I'm going to the Roots Picnic and there's gonna be a crazy Jay-Z festival this year too?!
is to cool!!
Well, now we're gonna fight... RT : great. RT : definitely. RT : is ignoring us?
Only if you're brown.
VonChurch is currently looking for Senior and Lead Multiplayer Designers for some awesome opportunities across the country. PING FOR MORE!
had a blast tonight . Love playing in this band. Always a great show at the marquee15!
Made ur recipe for pancetta wrapped pork loin yesterday... Awesome!
Midlakes Basketball: Great to work with our 5th and 6th graders tonight. Their coaches are doing an awesome job. Lots of development.
Let's see those soupy #FFs!
RT : I'm getting ready to pick winner for Prize #4 32" LCD HDTV. Anyone need a 32" for their mom?
Get out of your comfort zone
-----> RT : Y'all act like Kobe is super fucking man! Shut the fuck up. Ugly asses
U.S. Secret Service confirmed that 9 agents have been removed from service and 3 have been cleared in the Colombian prostitution scandal.
RT Having to deal with floods, snow storms, wind storms, heat waves and all kinds of weather
Good luck! 頑張って～～！！ I hit my head on Saturday, started to bleed. :(
How do you get a shooter going? Give him fts to start the game.
I love when people call me a whore. It's like thanks for showing to everyone youre a liar(:
Seriously! Where is my shirt!!!! I've went thru the laundry about 8 times.
Unfortunately, we don't have any fluent french speakers at the company.
#nothingwrongwith being yourself. who cares if you get judged for it!
*turns music down but gives you the evilest of eyes*
Thanks for the #FF Mike! Happy Thanksgiving :)
that sounds great dude. Any sweet gigs lately?
My stomach keeps growling and I wanna eat but I'm trying not to eat late at night anymore :/
Police in Riverside county is looking for a guy who shot a puppy and dumped him in the trash, who does that?, people are so cruel.
RT : Not fast for sure. tho w/cuts in edu, how fast is this tech going to spread in public schools?
Awesome! see you in Chicago!
Kansas City woman sentenced to 7 years in adoption scam
I'm saying 4 with an empty better how was starwars bar the other night w ?
RT : Overheard in #tdr: discussion of gov policy I won't pretend to understand. #wonk #smcedu this is why I'm #soc and
Cannot stop thinking about big theater projects coming soon, hope you guys support them and absolutely love them!
n then they wonder y ure mad? Lol happened to me yesterday and ye gurl haha i miss talking to you i feel like we understand
RT : concert tonight with , and ! Don't miss out benefitting YOUNG LIFE 7:30pm in Eugene
Got into a cab and it was blasting Louis Armstrong then Ella Fitzgerald. Best NYC cab experience to date
appreciate that
memories of old...ancient
Thanks 4 sharing
If I could rewrite the alphabets, I will put U & I together. So we'll never go apart.
My day's already in the toilet... Sweet...
You start the week hitting the gym hard, you finish the week hitting the gym even harder!
bumpin tunes w/
Do ya thang!!
I wonder what my life would be like if my parents didn't split up
who badder kim k or krea??
This is the FIRST time on an AA flight from LA that I have had WiFi...AWESOME!
Celebration tattoos :)
You forgot to mention that Gazans at the school saw Hamas fire first. YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR!
you're welcome my dear! :)
thanks Berni! We cant wait!!
..my honey asked me .."what do you give a woman who already has everything?"..i told him, "your loyalty, because it's worth more than $$$!!
can you imagine my kid with ass, hips, boobs at like 9-10 yrs old? I would shoot myself and the hubster would too lol
I have to reply to like 8210948920384390 emails. I'll do that tomorrow.
shut the hell up - everybody hates you. stop posting about 1d on fb. lawlz you think you're so cool. go sit in a dark closet or something.
Nice - hope he/she likes it!
Being up this early makes me feel like I'm driving through a ghost town!
ha brill- i shall stay tuned :)
behind pauly d
watch "The Secret Garden" or "The Neverending Story" with her. Both are great sick day movies for little girls :-)
AND IM PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN, WHERE AT LEAST I KNOW IM FREE. Talent show
I was corrected..Reggie Miller's sister "CHERRRYLL" chant
excited for tonight's mentor program! Xoxo
Reading a good book is one of the best things about being human. Just absolute heaven.
Who was Doug Collins talking to? Haha
cheers to that!!
Central is a feast for the eyes, but Northeast is walking distance from home. Plus, there's a good burrito joint up the street.
appears to now be actively trying to prevent everyone from seeing how bad the bullpen is.
can't tell you how much i appreciate your feedback on !
Hello tweeters follow the leader. Not me God!
#ThingInMyLifeThatArePriceless is your smile.
Finally remembered my old Twitter password now I can start using it again
You haven't met the right guy!!!
It is on R site but I believe it is Cigar Chat
love you bro.. Gonna miss your kissies
Bella + video games = even hotter now!
Thanks little brother for making me late to school on a daily basis.
No problem!
page doesn't exist, have the right URL?
Yeah, they've been striking. Apparently they have pics of them. Have to catch a train home tomorrow, so hope they're done!
One of the best I've received is a wristwatch.
Making a million friends is not a miracle...the miracle is to make such a friend who can stand with you when millions are against you
Is there a fit for Dave Logan with #CSURam football?
RAVENS SWEEP THE STEELERS!!!!
I hate Mizzou but that was a foul.
Beginning a string of dinners with friends (4 in a row) - starting TONIGHT! What should I wear, what should I wear?
Friends already made plans for my birthday. Shit just got serious.
oh the joys of reading submissions
I'm very excited to watch on #ironchef!
I always eat my post-lunch chocolate way too fast. :(
Lady runs on the court during the #laker vs #Denver game haha what an idiot
Would it be possible to get an interview? (:
Lost my fucking voice...cant even talk....ugh!!!hope it come back b4 this week up..
That was fun. I'm kinds terrible at social networks lately.
House so hot a bottle of rum expanded and poured onto the floor. Is it summer?
I hate you Luke Rodgers, but thank you for the goal.
Wonder how many of his hoes hit him up to say happy birthday.. Lol
Thanks for the RTs. Have a good one!
...well its not a secret anymore lmao
My love.
my new years resolution use my twitter =]
then come back to my house
Lies. It's a homegrown decentralized grass-root public congress on financial reform. Non-violent
Need #vegan treats for a special event? We offer THREE different flavors!
Make sure to check-in on Foursquare for specials and the mayor always gets free ice cream! Great Ice-Cream, Hot Dogs and Slushies!
thanks brother, I am honored esp with the worldwide statement
Just got bit by Cornelious the 2nds' mouse. I hope that stupid thing suffers by getting his head snapped by a mouse trap or digested by ...
Really Steve blake?
He grow up in/or around Jasper, is that correct?
everyone is trending "BIG TIME RUSH"
Lol that made my day RT : yikes. have fun!
ohh now you're talking! when you said "not so good thoughts" my mind jumped to cupcakes but kilts #yum! ;)
When you have proof that your perfect then come back & we'll talk (:
I tell him to put his claws down everyday
But, as with the City of Man and the City of God, the two are all intertwingled
And I don't have to borrow the refs shirt. I own 12.
Idk D.R.U.G.S makes me sad
Yes I will.
our pleasure. Thanks for coming out!
European generals in the mosh pit!
i don't want to mention names, but certain defender was source of discontent on Wolves. I think you may know who!
Ah...home sweet home.
everyone knows there's dead weight in any large academic institution, i.e., people who have coasted for years doing literally nothing
If I have shit to even save smh.
Very crisp drive to start the game, already half way to Jags avg points scored.
I certainly hope so. Nothing is quite as inspiring to achieve as the word "common." (note sarcasm)
hi!(: hehehe I've never gotten to talk to you! I doubt it will happen.
A #BFSportsFactoid - today in 1982 #WayneGretzky became the first player in the #NHL to score 200 points in a season.
4 catches so far
Thanks for the shout out! We would be honored to have you in the #beardsoup hall of fame!
. Peter and Clybourne sittin' in a tree k-i-s-s-i-n-g. :-P
Looks like lance is in a team uniform and not his own, this is a good sign that he'll help his team capt. Contador.
watch it alone. Friends are for fools
Jss a girl I used to know
was there a happy ending?
really hasn't figured out this tweeting thing yet. But I do have Twidget on my Dashboard now, which must count for something.
yet again I walk into the land of zombies...armed only with my wit and good looks, hoping to connect with other zombie slayers
WOO. But isn't the concert still going on? I'm sure I heard it wasn't canceled.
You're welcome- likewise - I look forward to learning from you and your content - thanks...
Have a Dui and need to reinstate your License, I can help and we can try to get the Dui reduced to a reckless driving call me now !!! 702-8…
sorry about that! its the one on south park, hope that helps :) have fun!
*Warning: Placebo effect makes whitening strips appear more effective*
thanks for the Smartboard resources, they look great and you can never have too many!
omfg your picture is gorg fosure:) lol as me and christian would say
I wouldn’t have said so, but then I wouldn’t have thought she could do this. *Closing my eyes, running my hand through my hair*
BOOM BANG - Gun Shot LOL
Not Center City Park! The ice rink will be at Festival Park!!
did they buy our cd?
Ready for another #007Chatter post? Well it's coming in a jiffy, just as the first #Skyfall teaser poster debuts :D
Smith also finds that female prostitutes appropriated the laws used to tax and regulate them in order to assert their agency
wishing I had an idea (and time) for
only the finest.
: Congratulations to SONGDiscovery's very own Phil Sillas, producer, winner of 2012 Dove Spanish Album of the Year! Yeah Phil!
Pretty sure I'm the only person on earth who didn't read "where the wild things are" as a kid. And I read a lot.
thanks for following our tweets!
I love watching you on victorious!! please follow me!!:D
Its just stupid now. Its over
Happy Mothers Day to all my friends!
If baby comes today, name choices are Lando, Han or Jabba. If unexpectedly a girl, stealing Chewbecky.
Well i think of you as my fans so I love you guys your rock..... Dream Big.... Live Big...... Be Big. =D =D ( double signnature ) haha =)=D!
Searching for strength to draw closer to the flame. To be transformed by God.
no, I know but having u there last leading chants again was just a great memory throw back! ;-)
Dearest Black People: "You Guyzes" is NOT a word.
This is a little shady..
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Who designed Noah's ark?An ark-itect !
#confessionnight I was wrong, but you weren't right
Time to sign Greinke, buy low!
Hey Im Cutting My Music ^_^ Lol
Get rid of your anger, stop the beef, embrace the blessings of a happy life, and tell your love ones how much you love them.
I don't know either...
Yooooo!! Just hit your email homie... Hit me up
s/o to good seeing y'all the other night.
All wizards look the same.
busy doesn't even begin to describe the next 2 mths
In total SAG paperwork mode today for feature film. I should pay my dues and join this Union.
Spring Carnival happening now on the lawn!
well yah. Where else can people get free exercise classes aimed at seniors? (hint: no where) We do Gentle Yoga. People LOVE it.
nice! things going well?
What do I search under to find that?
* Wedding Receptions & Engagements Reunions * Movie Premiers & Award Shows * Bar and Bat Mitzvahs * Advertising Shoots * Fund-Raising Fun!
Probably the most uninspiring performance I've seen out of us in a while.
on #secretlife Love this girl to pieces! xo
Before the day is over, I just wanted to say happy 20th birthday to Taylor Lautner :) <3
#SomeWhereOutThere is a person like me who hasn't eaten McDonalds in 6 years. Cheers to you yo
Alright, light, space, color...all relative. Why no Kinkade in collex? Too rich for HH blood? You can get 'em at the mall. :0)
no there will be other times :)
Got to stay home from school today, but I am restricted from all physical activity for a month:/
Attention seeking "lesbian" girl:BOYS R JUSS GROSS &ND PLAIN JERKS.! ^,^ <3 ((; Me: girls are just sluts and plain cunts.
one of those AMAZING days at work when things come together. go out & support a local #smbiz in your neighborhood- cause they totally rock
“: Eating homemade dinner with mom, friends, and playing in the background ” WooHoo!!
It's called flirting when you're in a relationship, and being friendly when you're single
R.I.P Whitney Houston
Started streaming the new record around 2am. Thanks a lot now I'll NEVER get to sleep.
Ya know, I never get tired of hearing stories like that! We certainly cherish our place in this great community! Great Stuff!
Haha nice! I had some left overt tostadas <3 where would you wanna go? I think I'm leaving to see my mom soon
i followed u
May is National Smile Month in the UK- Smile on! Cheerio!
The end of school is so close I can taste it! Too bad we got finals lol
It's good enough for Web Faction, it's good enough for most people ...
Question: What do diapers and Politicians have in common? Answer: They both need changing regularly - for exactly the same reason.
It's a beautiful feeling outside for those of u working indoors. Find an excuse to get outdoors and get a bao in your life!
Do you think the 2012 Hyundai #Azera is hot, or forgettable?
not sure, but it's a pretty pervy commercial.
REVENGE will follow ONCE UPON A TIME but trying to watch/record in conjunction with other network programming will be hard.
At City Hall bright and early for 2nd lecture by Dan Cameron, curator of Prospect New Orleans. A true visionary!
Timmy just made one of the top 3 saves I have ever seen...hands down.
always entertaining
on the hunt for cholo writing in the lbc :)
Friday night @ ONE UNDER!! You gonna be there?!?! You better!! Great times in the works!!!!
doesn't have an opinion...today.
Just had a great meeting with the Roundtable for Young Executives. If you're interested in joining give me a shout for more details.
But came in first in long jump, second in high jump, and second in discus 👍
it happens Hugito =/ gotta cut off dead weight someday
I know. It was my fault today. I'm on probation.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.s
Is it too much to ask for the Country Music Hall of Fame to be open when I get to #nashvegas?
Heartland Worship Institute...July 7-9, Jeff Deyo, Morris Chapman, Bob Sorge, Pocket Full of Rocks, Steve Fry, Kent Henry and many more....
that would make an excellent shirt
Hey All
Today is a Fantastic day!!!!!!!!! The Sun is shining,the birds are chirping and pooing on people.the wasps are out in force diving at me.
probably only gonna get 4 hours of sleep drink redbull for breakfast :/
If you have your health even Friday the thirteenth is a good day!
Mad Men recap: Affirmative action is modern. (OMG, Fat Betty!)
sorry to hear that sexy lady. Prayers 4 u and ur family
Robin, thank you for your continued prayers. 5 yr.stats show high % of complications even 3 or more yrs after surgery
Taking my g.f to see THE VOW
portland is back in? This is good news. We just need a chance
Teen Choice Girl, your readers want coverage of the newest and hottest pop band!
Hi AMB - thanks for following Better WIne Guide, now following you too. My wife's going to live on your great website!
Omg omg omg I have Instagram I have Instagram!.................. I still don't get it.
Kurt Vile - Baby's Arms, Pavement - We Dance, Gayngs - The Walker.
I'll take two.
okay ill give u the pic today later.
What are you baking today? I made some gluten-free raspberry pancakes with #coconutflour for breakfast :)
Go Cheetahs!!
Great holiday gift for the parents. Indonesian Girl, Thought Dead in ’04 Tsunami, Goes Home...
Yeah! Oh yeah, Death Eaters! Duhh
I won't, I promise 💙
help save the planet from Global Warming.
I love the Rain <3 As long as it does not ruin my plans its all good.
I could care less actually please don't care about me. And I said if you had a problem, we'd fight about it.
I hear ya. Sometimes they're so bad it's hard to even read them/put in the right code even when you do notice it
Mandatory spay-neuter ordinance, yes or no? #CV animal shelter public mtgs on this: tonight 6 pm at City Hall, Thurs 1-3 pm, Sat Oct 29 1-3
Hello #Friday!
why do you call her Slimer...
"The garment’s color changed with the landscape, having no true color of its own. Under the brightest sun a Triadian was nearly invisible."
its en route
16:44 Driving down Us1 going to Coral Gables
I can't wait to go home.
If I'm allowed to vote tonight in definetly voting for you lol
My down b!tch, one who live by the code
lmfai wait what?
I messaged u on mysacelol
Enjoy your quality time with your muse. When she's done with you, will you send her my way? Could use an infusion. ;)
good luck in New York Tim Tebow! We'll see you in the AFC Championship...
I'll take one of those over the alcohol gel any day!
Sounds like an excellent day! You are really taking advantage. I salute you!
The majority of our unhappiness and problems are caused by our desire to put ourselves in bad situations.
Come on out to El Cid tonight!!! 8pm. This place is rockin!!! It will be a glorious show. I miss you all.
watching american chopper build off, and I must say u gotta love the classic over new age
-- thanks Ben. I hope to make it back to Israel this fall/winter on another Taglit trip. I'll extend this time so we can catch up.
Seems to me like #oomf takes Facebook pretty seriously lmfao
new jam currently being created. WE
square enix binge is never ending
follow me back (:
that's great news.
I NEED TO SEE YOU MORE!!!!
Thanks so much for the flowers babe! They're awesome, I love you.
cool. Let me get through this conference and I'll touch base. I'm Benwbrum on skype too.
All just happen to be wearing #darkbluejeans aswell as all holding there iphones
Illinois upsets Ohio state good way to end the night of sports.....
Family In Shock After Mannford Man Admits To Friend&#39;s Murder, Buries Body
****"treating you well"
Corporate welfare in San Diego? Never!
I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you I got the moves like jagger :-) I got the moooovvves like jagger.
Blessed 2 share n worship today w/ & at Dickson Campus. Love their hearts/gifts 4 leading worship!
DOuble long islands ; ) ANd I most certainly am! XO J
I slept in till 8:55.
Is the Swann jingle from Podmore?
We're so excited to have Nancy Kwallek in the gallery today for her lecture in conjunction with Mika Tajima's exhibition. Today @ 5pm!!
Although that may have been a joke, and the character may need recasting ;), the idea is brilliant & viable. You should do it.
A shame that character can't be taught or bought
LOLING at my outit at this party
what r u doin Fri night? Want to check out ?
I'd rather be with you but you are not around, so ima call somebody up and see if they's be down
i am so going to miss mr kennedy :-(
Mark your calendars, Haven Source Training Session on April 21st 8-12pm. Send a message for more information!
Always glitter, never a question! :)
B. Miller ran for almost as many yards as passing...Teddy was 1st team Fr. AA plus waiting in the wings
Filming Adidas commercial!!
Thanks for the retweet!
Why does she keep talking about her pregnancy? Bitch nobody cares
Mr. and Mrs. Surkin donated fifty bucks to the film today! Thank you so much - enjoy your reward and signed movie poster! much love guys!
“: A best friend is there when you have nothing & more importantly when you feel like nothing.”
I find water so healing...problems vanish just looking at it.
Had a great practice with the Elite 10th & 11th teams. They work hard. IQ up - Turnovers down!
cause they bougie as hell. I WOULD NEVER. Well actually I have >.< lol kidding you're right
Redbirds hammer Milwaukee again, now lead the NL Central by 4 1/2. And Shane Robinson has more HR and RBI than Albert #Bottenjols :)
hey i had my car broken into last night, and the perp must be into fitness. He stole my #TheImpact!BodyPlan book. good choice!
hey whats your ichat? cause i dont have you on ichat :o
Baking cookies & accessibility testing: Plan, gather resources, put them together according to plan, test.
Yes, i love it when you don't text back..
Haha I have been watching all of Austins videos!!
Perfect day for a little work and lots of play. Excited for The Hereafter at The Satellite tonight in Silverlake! Come check them out!
good luck rockstar!
I miss the old Kayla Haist
bitch im sacked up
is going to be at the Etsy booth this Saturday at #CraftyBastards representing CREST!!! come visit me from 2-4!! :D
they have an ointment for that
good thing my roomates r dirtbags nd locked the bathroom door last nite so i cant get in
Chris brown needs to just KEEP POSTIN THE PHOTOS! :)
last year....actually had to have Google help me with the answer lol
sometiems in life you fall apart sometimes you brake your heart, one day your realise that you'll be alright, yeah but erverythings fine hah
I might ruin a certain soon to be released movie. There are some spoilers. Unless Chet edited it out.
I am way to excited about the game on Saturday.
I'm feeling TV grief. I know it's silly.
hi there... Okay we must meet! #mom2summit. I'm I'm purple
At C3 panel on waterfront. Steve Cushman was to participate. C3 prez says "directive came down from Mayor Sanders' office" telling him no.
"What's he gonna do with that axe?"-girl next to me "He gon chop dem bitches up"-me
yes we do
hell yeah ill take you to kings island, i just now noticed you tweeted me lol.
CALM THE FUCK DOWN PHOENIX.
Bored outta my mind homealone!!!
Why doesn't the twitter account have the new logo and stuff??
what time is the tasting?
Sorry, son. You know I like to stay hip!
Heads up: sun breaks will power scattered downpours today, some w/small hail. Isolated t-storm, too.
A hangover is gods way of saying Job Well Done.
Missing my peeps at #wssmiami :( have a great time fabulous ladies! And men too!
Thank you for the RT >:D
I love Villareal's work, but this ain't public. Especially compared to a radio signal that goes half way to Austin.
Round 2 of proofs! Getting closer to launching a new website - so many improvements - can't wait! Thanks for your patience, everyone!
I think that's why he's still considered one of the best artists around. His ears haven't lost its touch
That would be awesome, and I bet we could get some good press there!
joining my fellow cohorts from CDIA
We already connected! Thanks :)
There are tubes of water making water tornnados ..so many colors too..so cool :)
Why can't I sleep damnit!
Thanks for the kind words and retweet!
Wow. Tweeting on the iPhone is so much nicer. :-)
what u mean which white boy da rapper
Shut ur face and write lol RT keeps harassing me about finishing this darn book lol
I know right. Tomorrow, it's a date?
Barrabas is so slept on!! Sure "Woman" is a classic but nearly every song in their catalog is fire!
I really need to delete a few people...why would I care that you're on the toilet? Where the hell is that unfollow button!
Avoid feeding your pet table scraps, not only for diet purposes but also because they can increase the build up of plaque and tartar.
You coming back to Poorboys, man?
LOL he was good in 21 Jump Street, but until he pulls off a role like Spock, I agree... no hope. SMH
#SouthFlorida the rain is finally slowing down! Just in time to order those embroidered polos and custom tshirts to market your business!
Rabies! That shot is awful, run for your lives!
Last team in! Boom baby
I'll be writing something really profound, then I'll see how over the limit I am. [delete, delete. abbreviate.] *sigh*..
That's awesome feedback - thank you!!
When I change your name in my contacts saying 'dont text (so and so)' you did something wrong.
archives foundation do you have a hash tag? #narafoundation ?
Trump=unAmerican RT : Great to have on the show with us tonight!
"....his status as keymaster has been revoked."
No, it's a fake Palin account - very clever, but fake.
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans IT'S A HAIR PIECE
Such a fun night with We go hard in the paint.
awe, I love u babe <3
I'm a pro at sarcasm!
just passed Bjork walking up Court Street!
Worst song to get stuck in your head... redneck woman. 2nd worst, the chicken dance. Somehow I have a mash up of both blaring in my brain.
aw! I wanna come Friday!
You getting the hang of it yet?!?
BOUT TO HIT THE GYM.....AND GET IT IN...... U ALREADY NO WITH WHO BIG CLEVE AND MUTT
Well. No Ace of Spades for Mark Cuban and the #Mavs this year.
Shush it! That's not a break!
Thanks for the mention. Happy Friday!
Feed 4 For $24! Get one Large Pizza with 2-regular toppings, 2 regular garden salads and an order of Cheese Bread Stix for $24.
Glad to hear is giving the baccalaureate! (With inspiration via )
can't wait for tomorrow ! that's youu and me !
Jus talked to she still the same...
most newborns of color are gorgeous. it's the other ones that need a couple of months to get it together....sometimes
Set my clocks forward "Spring forward, Fall back". Slept in an hour later according to the clock. The birds don't know what time it is.
man united. We need the 3points cause city isn't too far
If someone will pay my way I will.
i respect good music over a song that doesn't even make sense
It was shitting out a strange character that wasn't actually present in the code due to a newline situated next to a />
#WhenImBored I text random people from my contacts
Who else should be in the #FlopOfFame?
Hey Beautiful
Err, not so much. I need for May to just be over.
As I delicately peeled tape off our newly painted bookcase, I told my wife I know what it's like to be a surgeon. She laughed.
Dang! My '01 #Volvo has been deemed totaled. Now I have to buy a new car in 7 days according to the insurance company. What a drag.
Thats How U Get It Done
Hopefully you won't have to wait too much longer to visit AND sample :-)
Thank you! Please don't keep me in the dark about my favorite agenda....Pretty please?
wow, they leave you an entire square? Not just the remaining paper stuck to the tube?
no kidding Judge! Did you see that Obama wants employers to aggressively drug test? Hey Obama show me yours first!
Congratulations lovely ladies!! xoox
Listening to talk about #Medtronic iPad app that uses
I'm tired of robots. Let's just go.
RT : go check it out U'll understand it, raw, all formats Still fcp shortcuts and more. Used to be -/ On it thanx..
and only skinny bitches walk the stairs, will we ever find a medium?
Heading out to see the Blake Show, CP3 and the boys kick some Memphis ass with
who do you like to take the jacket this year?
Harvest Fair at State Fair Park - Sept 25-27. Feeling lucky? Visit the T-Shirt/Craft Tent, YF volunteers will be selling pull-tabs.
Valentines Day is just a good reminder of how close we are to St. Patrick's Day! #sacpubcrawl www.5hundy.com
At home chillin!
It's official is finally 21!! Can't wait till Friday 🎈🎉🕛🆔🍺🍸
Finally get to put my stunt training to work on the Sly Stallone and Ah-nuld movie! Stoked
#WeLoveRyanKennedy Awwh :'D That is so sweet!
We look forward to following along with you as you travel to the Philippines.
Sometimes I wonder how the homeless get materials to make their cardboard signs
Good morning friends!!!! Have a great day!!!
If you have Khalua and are making a caucasian...then yes! RT: 2% milk is a good vodka mixer, right?
Henry you need to check out book: Essential Hard Rock and Heavy Metal. Fantastic read.
Cleaning aisle - ammonia and bleach - gas 'em!
so glad its Friday. Now deciding which roping to attend this weekend!
I find it funny when people complain about something on twitter yet they do it themselves all the time.
how u doing beautiful
Wow, you really told me didn't you! Stop taking yourself seriously...
i love love love This Town Needs Guns. which is your favourite Animal? xo
feeling uplifted - boss just brought me the cutest owl decoration ever. i love her.
1. What's a better jam, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star or the ABCs song? 2. Which came first?
Bad dog, Ebanks... bad dog
Today I literally spent my whole day with little girls, so fun!!
Washington's bubble just popped! #Pac-12 is a one-bid league!
Reading 51 posts to get up to date is daunting & d.o.'s lack of syntax coloring for twig makes it uglier/more complex than it is.
you might wanna check on #suicidewatch lol
Man, what happens when I miss a meeting...
Thanks for the RT. Is Infinity at the conference? If not you should be next year in Dallas
Yup. Sometimes I don't know what to think. :/ It makes me depressed so I prefer not thinking about what went down. :/
We are happy 2 announce that is the home of BOTH the Men & Women's Bellargo line! #BGirls new inventory NOW AVAILABLE @ Status
working on a contract RoR opportunity!
One more down. Two to go. Balls in your court UK. Bring it.
Only thing we have on is the radio.
She is pretty...from the eyebrows up
Follow Me Please
Motion city soundtrack rules my life. Favorite band ever.
no evil!!
we say this every week & still haven't been back lol.
yeah, I live in NE Kansas and the tornados were Way south
This weather is such a tease. I'm scared for the snowy backlash.
Have a great camshow, Anita! It will make up for day! :)
thanks for spreading the word about our articles!
lmao hahaha oh!..wish i could tag Trey bald headed ass in that!...lmfao....but i got blocked!
Btw, since when did Carthage need to be tamed in soccer!! Ha ha!!
Sometimes I Wish I had a mustache.
Uhm... I just watched the BME pain Olympics... and that was disgusting...
you may get one more chance - we are bringing some leftover plants to the Silver Spring Garden Club mtg on 5/21 Brookside
and times attack is great more memory practice also.
And its hella hot upstairs ugh
a bully is someone who hurts other people. you've bullied me plenty of times.
oh emm gee cousin, do you have him all day?! I'm babysitting buggy maybe we can hang out later!
it's just trying to save you the trouble of using it
One half of knowing what you want is knowing what you must give up before you get it.
So disappointing.... all it I got in the mail was the transcripts I ordered from the registrar... such a letdown...
Tweeting to WHO, Nelisa????? This is me being maybe a little too nosy.
just had the yummiest meal at kraft
Health insurance providers who will have to pay less than under the fee for service model.
RT : Just met Patson walking around Auburn's campus. Worlds colliding. So cool!
hello good bye "wea r u wayne?" um sum wea stuck between joy pain
Pitching sidearm should be illegal...
just cooling. Bout to work on sum songs in a few. How u been??
I got tha third highest score on tha EOC in biology.!
Tom and I (Big sexy) might start up FTK again in the summer! Get stoked!
We will tweet the URL shortly...
WHITNEY!!!! WHITNEY!!!
So yeah i've just been a little busy lately thats why <3
LOL! You think they like the Founders!!!
favorited another one...how will i sleep tonight? <3
Someone didn't do their HW RT Ben's Chili Bowl in an American Express ad? They don't even accept credit cards.
That is hilarious. Can't wait for Sunday night!
A Linked In Member posted a new resume building site called visual cv. It was a quick resume tool if anyone needs to redo their resume.
Feeling a lil under the weather...
just some further thoughts on influence and all of those people doing online seminary in order to stay connected.
“: Amazing Worship online centralinline.tv love the curtain drop! #easter!”
me too
So happy sum family came up from la to visit for the weekend
Thanks for the follows. Have a great weekend.
What ingredient is used in Scottish whisky but not in #Irish #whiskey?
Listening to my Pandora station enjoying my Sunday!
OH IT WILL THAT'S FOR SURE.THAT'S LIKE SAYING IT NEVER RAINS IN SEATTLE :-)
What is England's "king of cheese's?"
Another night of no sleep.
lol ya the cowboys won so im good :)
The only thing Twitter is used for anymore is to complain about nothing. I'm thinking about making a Twitter dedicated to happiness.
2 hour Desperate Housewives finale
its from mean girls
Follow my boy Johnny
all right New Years is over time to get in shape for pool season
Larry king
Thank you for the RT! XO J
JOIN US!!! Spring is here and Spring Games have begun. Come join us at Morrison! 4 more games yet to be played! Go Jays!!!
Admitting your fears is the most and hardest part of overcoming them.
Wait, Wait, wait...Melvin Ingram has a handshake w Roger Goodell? Smh...again
that's real hip hop
Sure did! We're famous!
yucky RT *ewww* >>> " there's a man in my building that steals girls' socks from bags in the trash room"
“: Provo, Spain?” --in fact you purchased the ticket for Ms Cavanaugh.
Sunburnt and it's almost Prom-_-
hey friend just got back from Jamaica !
Who's guts are you trying to get into homie?! RT : People make things way to akward when they wanna have sex with a person
Twitter. “: Facebook deleted. What other pointless shit can I rid myself of? #peaceandquiet”
Song That Made Us What We Are Today♬ getting excited 5/25 STL!
thanks Greg!
I know, I miss you & #girlsmediachat too. ooh wee. I really need to talk to you. You free now?
so nervous for registration
First day of May-the countdown begins for the last Sun! After I crown her we're gonna wear our tiaras everywhere together.
I'm fine wat about u guys?
Slept for most of the journey home from Dublin, no shopping time means I'm now getting ready to hit up Penneys and Boots in Mullingar
your episode of #HowIMetYourMother was on the other night...gorgeous as ever.
I know that now
Few things better in life than watching your team win a championship. Go #Pack Go!
RT You Ever think hey I wish I could be in a parade, but I don't have a float?! Never fear #2wheelsnot4 is here!
M. & I need one of those helmet cams. we've lived thru such abuse so many times. nicely done!
Or should I go by the 'curiosity killed the cat' principle?
we're all members of #packernation, so lets show who we are!
Dave has an amazing collection of vinyl -- Hank Williams, Miller, Goodman, Dorsey, Porgy & Bess -- in mint condition...
I'm No Mother Teresa, but I do channel Joan from time to time!
Booiii you on sale *yeah*
am I wrong to assume that all those green-flag complainers will be saying 'greatest race ever' if it finishes like last night?
ah...the wonderful world of fantasy.
": Obama nets $15 mil at gala Clooney fundraiser: George Clooney played the suave host..."3+day jaunt cost taxpayers abt $2Million
Thanks for the follow back and
daily twitter coupon: "febuscary" it's a scary month
Call me 6787191762
I can't stop eating these ice cream sandwiches!
Fear The Fin!
how did you like the burger??
That's weird. I'll check on it.
great profile pic!
Madeleine Albright Thursday at noon, “Prague Winter: A Personal Story of Remembrance and War, 1937 – 1948"
I know that sticking a Post-It note reminder to my iPhone is a failure, but mine or technology’s?
I can't wait to see you either!!
with me of course ;P are you and going to prom
OMG HES ADORABLE.
thanks for the follow today. Your #illustration work and #logos are really well done.
absolutely..u rock!
S/O and lotz a luv
Are u bored...
Just me, or is brees moving his feet more than normal?
This #Flyers game is INSANE! Come on fellas just get 1 MORE GOAL and end this damn thing!
Are you predicting Ron Paul will win the Republican nomination?
Thanks! RT : You can never go wrong with ! It's right in Harbor East too. : )
i thought that was you i saw in that cute little cardigan, crying and throwing weak punches. next time just say hi!
Haha...we feel like Skip Bayless. We're essentially burying the kid before he's even gone through his first NFL training camp.
a giraffe
I'm gonna sleep now.
Getting big, getting bigger!
Just headed out for a sip! Fire sounds good too!
Can't wait to hear what wisdom and have to share. Thanks in advance for today's broadcast!
Yep. Now my son is singing "Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah! It's done.It's done.It's done!" Now 2 play w/him!
I'm happy with where my life is headed, but sometimes loneliness is overwhelming.
lol like my picture. guess not. jus look familiar as hell
Bears repeating RT : Social media isn't a fix for bad communications. 1: Get really good at communicating. 2: Rinse & Repeat.
Happy Birthday !!! Tommy Bowe no longer cake jumps naked; I hope you'll settle for Jonathan Sexton. Enjoy your day! Xoxoxo
& im still waitin on my rematch.....^_^
RT : I'm simply blown away by the #kony2012 madness. Well done and !! This is as viral as it gets.
Our life is a joke tonight. But its hilarious.
How will WH support school-based health center operations needs in federal bgt?
Don't lead with the type, let the shape lead the type. That's what I'm talkin bout taday.
no problem buddy, see you on the next Op
we're in a car with people and he's bringing it up and practically outing us, he legit outted you to everyone.
I turned on the #pirate game to see a lazy popup, a runner at third thrown out on a weak hit, and a caught stealing. Good job . you suck.
Well that's enough bookkeeping for one night! Have a good night all!
where do you get those?
Well thank you! We do think we've got this Pies thing down pat!
Lemon drops and red headed sluts... #ifyouinsist hey summer! Rosebuds at 7.
Full Service Glass/Digitizer and LCD Screen Repairs! Dell Streak Tablet Repair and Upgrades!
Somehow always run into at the same spot in Glenbrook when we're both in town.
I just realized Chris Brown is one sexy ass freak lmao
Yes I promise! I think you will love it
My iPod's lock screen is the hunger games and says let the games begin but my background is the maze from the maze runner. Im so complicated
Send me a DM with your Roku serial number and I'll see that you get the update
good looking out streets.
I really need things to turn in my favor, cuz #LordKnows the situation I'm in needs to
if my guy friend made a twitter, would you follow him? c:
All right, all right, all right! RT It is a crime that ONLY 236,744 people have watched this.
That's crappy! I am going to keep adding this #Mediacom hash to get their attention
stalker much! lol
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty somebody getting pregnant
I wanna have a bon fire. But my class is so seperated. Lowkey cliqy
your welcome xD you have a good day today?
Coming on Twitter just to announce recent developments in my career might come off the wrong way...so this'll be "job accomplishment" tweet.
my face so is love me, love me and evaluate
Coffee and some Saturday morning Columbo. :)
RT I feel that Newt is playing Mad Libs...and filling every blank word with "Reagan"
2/2...slip into the mind of another character (Sir Tode, Peg, Jawbone), I would do so. The Narrator is the real consistent POV
One in five long-term love relationships began with one or both partners being involved with others
“: #21212dd demo day looks good. would be digging this.” when is the event bro? I'm game for a journey ...
. you tell those trolls! one by one, it really works, i promise.
RT “: #mygraduationspeech I never liked any of you bitches and thank god I never have to see you again”
tomorrow starts the countdown...
Finished my last college paper ever!
Sounds like you need a
I don't get how that's funny :p but okay
Supplying exotic hardwood flooring for over 15 years.
Rams, of course!
I am glad i am man, i have few friends; male or female, i am very private; i am borderline obsessed with Feminine Energy & Beauty
#10Factsaboutme I can speak 3 other languages.
#SomethingBorrowed comes out this weekend, right?
Feel free to send all info to !
On a bus. It's early. I wanna die
Don't forget to tune in on TNT/ESPN tonight at 8 pm EST to vote for your fave dunks via Twitter! Who will dominate the net?
Thank Gawd for Twtter, had forgotten my perfect chicken recipe cuz I have been travelin for so long & I was able to find it in my old tweets
Deal of day #Baltimore (Liberty Rd) #Annapolis (SI Rd, Edgewtr) is a 99c Chocolate Cherry Coke(32oz) = real chocolate,cherries & Coke
I won a six-month subscription to Daegan Smith's Maximum Leverage site. Thanks to everyone for your support!
I'm laughing I just called corrinne a frumpy ass hoe
when your up late doing a midnight session, what kind of music gets you through the night?
Im not even having fun anymore.
If McLovin was actually Vilna's attorney he would get the chair! No understanding of Double Jeopardy at all.
Hi Laura. Have you ever listened to a screen reader?
I'm so sick and tired of everyone today
STOP MAKING ME LAUGH OMFG IM DYING !!!!!!
because you are hurting inside by seeing such unfairness around you, be sure you do not offend other peoples feelings by expressing yours.
HARE RAM HARE RAM HARE KRISHNA HAREREM*
Thank god i dont have to go school 2day.
That's a pretty bright side! Thanks again for the #FollowFriday don't forget to follow #TheLittleBlackTruck :)
This account has been hacked. 100+ nasty rumor messages sent in an hour. Trying to sort it out. Please ignore messages not from me
i think i got sunburnt today. my vanity recoils but my inner sun goddess is excited about the possibilities of summer by the pool.
TY 4 the #FF and Happy New Year wish. May 2012 be a great year for you!
yes and if you r going to ask y is because u r just mean
Even thou she gets me mad I still got love for her
great! I'll be sure to check it out!
hahaha, no. (: he's watching the bulls. his shirt, lol. there's a game on right now.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
Playing with the matches condition and regular expressions in Create Lists this morning. #i #iug #innovative. 2 much for a Fri morning.
Some blank stares in the crowd at the R...
if he isn't on here will get him an acct soon ;) I like it, compliments CM & we need it.
Aw! RT : Fuck the Lexus I want you in a red bow.
Both of us are going to find the right guy, and it's going to be amazing. Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Checked you out in the storm last night. New space = awesome!
Anybody know any good books or Movies for the kindle or iPod?!
Not again aComparison?RT : U must be really tired to make your statementabout Baylor women againstboys from Germantown
The heat are ok trouble...
live music tonight at six
yo i miss you and I love you!
Wow!! That's scary!!
I think it is Terribly disrespectful #clivedavis is carrying on wth grammy party tnite. He was allegedly a "father figure" to whit. Such bs!
as much as I study I'm still not prepared for the AP calc test..
Havarti cheese!!! So good!
I wish, but I gotta see Nurse Kratchett fore work. Can't blink near her.
Big turnout in memory of Richy Carrillo tonight. The 14-year-old was shot to death last weekend.. the calls for justice tonight on News8
I didn't think I'd like it out there, but when I visited friends from college, LA really won me over.
we staying up till like 5 till the charts update. hopefully we make it...we are vamps after all
I've not seen one. It'd be easy to find out though.
Im really smart.
& Spyda said get up w/ him....
And no, Mr man in the seat next to me, I'm not in college here. Maybe by the time I'm 40 people will stop asking me that.
sorry bruh i haven't had my phone and you know my memory is shot. what up doe!
thanks for the follow. What's good with u?
Not in a Michael Kors tote . :P
A friend walks in when everyone else walks out
Have you always dreamed of seeing the spectacular Colorado landscape in style? How about a hot air balloon ride? www.yourluckydeals.com.
also, most of the characters are not realistic, people don't want a replication of life, they want to be look better
I know sometimes it's difficult and we don't always have a lot of time, but tonight, go out and support your local restaurant!
seriously don't leave me hanging on this one
Aw, jeez. Thank you! Now and I all owe you a drink! Which, actually, would be a hella fun happy hour.
Putting together a Libby Dread for commission, next? Painting said Dread.
So glad you were in good hands, good vibes to you for a speedy recovery!
Yanks being Yanks
Go check out and follow
School seem fun troday i have no clue why
#Norway welcomes appointment o John B Henriksen as co-facilitator o the prep process for t World Conference on #indigenous ppls
Hows everyone's doing? (:
I'm a sociological theorist, I don't stereotype, I generalise.
Happy birthday!! If I could I'd buy you a shot
Monday's wouldn't be so bad, if I didn't have to work them... Oh wait, I don't! :)
. Has a mayor shifted the salary to another pot before? How would that work? |
“ LOVE YOU GREAT IDEA. SEE YOU IN CLASS”
Yep, I work for the Foundation :)
As long as you fuck both everyone's a winner.
hey, u know this is lamont, right?
"Midnight in Paris" is now $42.0 in the US, $33.5 foreign. This film should do well over $100 million when add'l foreign revenues come in.
lol sry don't judge from words on paper & believe in people
Masters, cavs & tribe = a great saturday
Bill Nye , #NASA Dep'y Admin here in #Seattle for the #NASAFuture Forum at
91% of Americans think a man is more attractive in a suit! Duh?! Call the police? www.welldressedmensurvey.com
ahhhhahahaha!! Work it!!
Watching #SCANDAL season finale again,...FUCKING EPIC"...I miss tv shows like this.
RT : a bird of the air was a good movie. still upset that was in NM & I didnt even get to meet him in all a good...
Hey Marie, now following! I have a show idea that I'd love to email or DM you! ;)
I got filled in on that drink menu last night. AMAZING. Can't wait!
I am so sorry to hear of the passing of Jane Bierce, fellow author. My heartfelt sympathy to her family and many close friends.
Hola, Mucho Gusto. do you speak english also? I'm in spanish class in college but not very good at it :-)
Finally going to see Hugo. And at the cheap theater too. Hoorah all around.
"Goodbye Tuesday...hello regret..."
shweet. Where/when is good for you guys?
it really is I was at the Yankee game and when I came home to check the score I saw they were still playing & now the 3rd OT
ya tight...bow down to the nit
LeBron with the CLUTCH three!
God damn it
Portlander, whose black skinny jeans are too short, and who refuses to wear socks with his black Vans, suffers frost bite on both ankles.
ur welcome don't mention it I'll be here for ya if u need me! :)
Schindler; 3 questions: Knowing who is your audience, Listening 2 what they are saying, interpreting what it means to brand
We'd love to host a visit to UCLA the next time you are in LA.
Halfway point paid $200k in #Daytona500 should get paid a PR fee from #nascar for helping build the fan trend on twitter
You wear yoga pants to school because they're comfortable and you don't care about the dress code rules? Im sure thats the ONLY reason......
I think I stayed up too late last night. Midnight doesn't work for me anymore. I'm old.
Revenge is very, very, very sweet
Do some jumping jacks NOW!!
C++, Win32, and API Developer needed for a contract position that can start ASAP! Call me at 608-827-8882
CA is low on energy, and I think I have some leftover
It's cold every place I go here. I'm ready to get back to sweating at home. Geez.
Wow... Insomnia sucks... and I have to read in the morning!!! Now that's acting!! :(
We definitely have our ups and downs but we love each other. We dont have the time, but we make time anyway.
mayo from you is questionable at best XD
Ha! I'm funny about once a year. That does it for 2012!
Red velvet ice cream? Are you kidding? Where can I get me some? I promise I'll only have a little. Any suggestions?
These men are wolves
no one hates on Lebron for missing last minute shots its the fact that he won't take them and he can get 2 the line much easier
not late..non existent. 3rd time. second in 2 months. required a vp to get a water heater installed. you cant help
And most importantly Klout makes it clear why what your doing is a waste of time
it was cool seeing cookie again.
Saint parties till 3 am! $1.25 wells and adults free before 11 two different rooms with two different vibes! What more can you ask for!
RT : In someways it is like we're fighting over the cookbook when the kitchen is on fire
do you think the bengals should and draft mark barron with the release of chris crocker?
Oh, you must be so mature. How can I be more like you?
Our 1 year old selected Norfolk State to upset Missouri, shoulda listened to him not all the analysts....
#Eurovision nice song. not
Thanks for a fun day! I never want to eat a Hostess snack cake again
