As you can see, the twitter accounts of just about the entire Press-Register newsroom have been hacked//It was Roy Moore.
damn thats tight :) love it
I just wanna sing lawd do I have a lot to say ..
Fun audition w/Danielle Eskinazi today! Then workshop w/Paul Weber. Made a risky choice first, but felt I nailed it with his redirect!
So in #alcohol land what are Tuesdays referred to? Tequila Tuesday?
We're looking forward to your plotting efforts in November!
what is up with this weather?! It's July! WTF! lol
What an AMAZING #event! Thank you to Miki for hosting & thank you to everyone who came last night!
pretty cool..
They're all fatter too
Feeling the itch to migrate South for the winter...
Horse chestnut can help with varicose veins. Just make sure to eat a meal with it.
Last time the #Cavs had a lottery pick, they drafted Luke Jackson - they must do much, much better this year with their pick & the
lol somebody asked me the other day :-P
#Np Calvin Harris- All the girls
Damn , it's not even 8 yet .
&quot;How to Increase Conversion Rates with Crystal Clear Test Results,&quot; According ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
I get a new pair of sunglasses, I sit on them within 72 hours. This is why I never spend too much for sunglasses.....
#zeustek message me if you have good tips for generating high PR backlinks...
the VLADOS are verry awsome and thats why im going to get some for my birthday :D thx to u TE AMO <33 and plss fallow me!!
#1Disthehottestboybandtoeverwalkthisearth DO IT FOR THE HOTTEST BOIZZ OUT DER!!
Just ordered my ticket to go see Drake...ha I wish!
I hate it when I think I did something wrong. I try not to,but I am now sad.
def needa click up with the bestie this week....
I think you need to add a profile picture. Just saying.
Then why didn't we see you tonight? :)
Happened to me yesterday. Cartoons from the Issue of April 2nd, 2012 : The New Yorker via
is finally done working on freelance. DONE DONE DONE DONNNEEEE!! Two days of the 9-5 and then Mexico for 8 days. HAPPY SHMEEPS!! %(*$&%(&
Uh oh EJECTION. Ebanks dong his Bynum impression.
is the best!
So great meeting you! You guys are so fun & sweet. :)
follow me and I follow back right away!
#thingsidontunderstand when people make plans right in front of you and don't invite you.
Looks like a group of us are going to holiday world Saturday... hmm who wants to be my date
great show
I can't decide if I want to be as successful as Amanda Hocking at self-publishing or as successful at the Big Six.
Hey tell your mom to have a fabulous 18th birthday from
I was supposed to be mother's day shopping with my guy friend. Not sure how I ended up with two bags of stuff for me. Oops.
People are desperate to find anything even remotely interesting to talk about because they think it makes them sound cool.
are you hanging out with ?? :)
Happy National Butterscotch Brownie Day :)
Finalizing lunch date plans, cleaning, laundry, watching Sex and The City, taking bong hits - I am the ultimate multi-tasker.
how old is she?! 12? he's a fuckin sexy ass 17 soon to be 18 year old.
SF for Saint Patty's Day
“: so ready for pretty little liars to come back on. #omgg” i can't wait!!
Thank you and for a morning that reminded me how seriously amazing humans can be!
love u follow back;(
name-calling always seems to be the last act of desperation. so i've over it.
Murray (longer hair guy) has been in the band since those cruises. Last one was in 2010.
Did you have to pass a voice impersonation audition to become Lance's replacement?
Why is the #coachella interviewer dumbing down her vocab?
AYE SHOUTOUT TO MY HOMIE FOR INK'N THAT DEAL WIT SO SO DEF/EPIC...
no Im gone
Samsung posts record $5.15 billion profit; mobile sales surge
Ima try this again
Well then let's get this party started. I'll bring the whipped cream.
Unashamed of the gospel!!!
You know a dude came up with the name of a phallic rod you shove in and out of your mouth "Oral-B".
if you trash kobe you have no basketball knowledge
killed it like always they live up to the phrase be iconic
RT : Ready for another night of #HalfPriceGames? We asked our resident zombies, they won't mind if you shoot em' 2x as much.
Girls should have long hair
like my fb page under cortney taylor!
Moviess tonight with my best friend!!(: going to see the woman in black!
alcohol solves everything...and bike riding!
it's cold enough to snow out ⛄🌀🎿
Thanks for following, hope you enjoy my work!
I bet ya sounders fans would love their own s, with real grass. MLS should get new teams that are willing to get their own s
New home for Transcendental Meditation in Evanston will be celebrated today with open house.Tomorrow view OWN Next Chapter special w/ Oprah.
Doesn't compare to olvia tremor control's "grass type writer" suite
This has to be one of the most trying weeks in my entire life!
hey people whts up?
Knew Artist would win for score, but it really had no business being nominated. Great period music and, of course, the Vertigo fiasco.
i miss !! you'll see me a bunch son ;)
Let's go Black Cats!!! #Sunderland Gotta keep ManCity down.
Still got a fever. Thank goodness is letting me pick the movies today for his project.
. We also talked about simple machines today. How are we not a simple machine? A processor at least.
Shit some of the people I went to school with are putting their children IN school
what are you going to do? -__-
Blk girl gets mad because I don't want tar pussy lol like come on if your that dark on the outside then yo fish must be over cooked
God electronica is so good
this concerns me greatly
Congrats to the New and Greatest Diva's Champion Ever *Bows* to Niki !!!
Grande Lakes Orlando.
michael jordan is a show off
Baklava gives me chills
oh yeah but real talk tho, wats it like in Brazil, cause i believe its everything i dreamed of and seen on movies
Good here tired of walking.. Just thinking abput my husbands XD
Prof Assns take a stand at the risk of alienating some of their own members.
#interfaceUF I ran into real student resistance: in part because they were very unfamiliar with twitter, period.
#WhenWillYou stop actint like a little girl & being a 2 faces? Grow up!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhh How Sweet. Can we cuddle? Love that attitude!!! <3<3<3
have you booked an experience through yet??? tell us your initial thoughts!!! we wanna hear from YOU!!!
nicole, you are a fucking cunt.
#GameTime on Friday practice and then game on saturday
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZYN! :) LOVE U
Can I just say, god bless my mother for owning every Nicholas sparks book known to mankind.
I want the new iphone But I don't want AT&T
Owl City Concert Tomorrow night w/ Kayla, Sara, and Jenna!!! I'm so excited!!! <333 OWl City <333
shall we go?
Thank you for the RT
Lazy rule #1: Can't reach it, don't need it.
Was able to see this young man play against Marquis Teague and Pike a few years ago.very nice feet and soft touch for his size....
excited for the great things God has in store for this week!! keep me in your prayers por favor :)) y DTB tu semana tmb!
Inda lab with ....Got Sum Poosie, Drank, & Kush!! It's time to knock another dope track.!! #San Anto's Mosted Wanted
Its going to be dry and #HOT the next few days. Make watering easy by using #Terra-Sorb or #SoilMoist.Ut retains water and releases it later
See what happens when u hit batters?
Finishing Great Gatsby right now hopefully this classic will have a somewhat satisfactory ending unlike most books we read in HS
Finished a nice run to a beautiful rising moon.
“: You can count on it. I know from experience. #LLAP”
: "A good content syndication service."
Researching the school district is something that is very important when considering the location of your new home.
cmon Brett. Pittsburgh is not famous for praying mantis sandwiches!!
Thanks for the RT!
Ready 4 a music orgasm?? Hit up pure plat harborside 10-27. Ft cutz & who, changing my panties as we speak!
I'm on a plane; I can't complain. - literally on a plane
Danny-- you have no idea, but that was an impulsive, bad idea. Don't do Black Friday ever. Even on a Thursday.
That's Harsh
Thanks man. Say hi to the gang for me.
KBPI Bikini Bike Wash @ Coyote Motorsports this weekend 6/19 from 11a-2p!!! Brother's BBQ for the first 100 people!!! Be there!!!
Good pic of Tricle-Down Newt, but I didn't care for his cold call pre-recorded phone spam this morning.
yea son gay buy he a beast
ew. lets move to grandma and pop pop's I call the cot.
I'm always in some sort of a bad mood.
What is your favorite Chilorio's meal? We wanna know!
Just trying to put that bass line in your head. Because who can forget that unmistakable bass line?
HI, Bud. Follow more people and get your numbers up. Tweeting all day to the same 62 people won't help your cause enough.
Got love on my mind
I was playing WWE 12 on Monday as when Brock Lesnar came out (I won) and I was like "what if?" then it happened!
So, since The Earth is the third Planet of our Solar System, that would make us all from ''Third World Countries.''
I have no idea.
Ciroc and blue full throttle!
always been a fan, #Erik_Rhodes! Love your movies! -Ross Yerger, #Facebook fan
Joe Biden is really really ridiculously good looking. Can't. Stop. Staring.
see you soon?!
lol I guess child :-)
- The Royals are just lucky it wasn't Duncan coming at them. Way to be, Jack.
“: Turning my extra bedroom into a walk in closet :) Can't wait until it's finished!” We have waaayyyy to much stuff!
This WILL be the weekend I make it all the way through #Kyrgyzstan 's 2011 Health Systems in Transition full report.
Then stay asleep!!!!!!
yayyyy i miss u ginger we have to have a night to get together
just saw episode 2 and I've got some feedback: nice jacket!
it was a fairly good show. A little lacking in the finale, but the music was good.
Click LIKE if you have a New Year's resolution.
Any affordable hotels on the North Shore??
Where there is a will there is a way.
Magic. Words.
My American Accent Workshop in January 2011 has been canceled. Sorry to all.
James, Rose, Kobe, Anthony, CP3
I should be as my love for Ryan Adams is well documented, but I never fell in love with White.
Cat was going crazy about 5 minutes before earthquake- playing with her ball..
You're Awesome thanks for the RT
Thank u for showing me who u are underneath and no thank u I don't need another heartless misery you think I'm doing this to make u jealous
Congrats melody ": did i win or not? Im still on the phone right now."
I wanna retweet this
If I was in Rose's position I would have jumped off that lifeboat too...
Please RT. God we trust in you. May our sons-husbands-friends in military, & troops turn to you and find rest in the shadow of your wings.
twitter is messed up.
Oh man, I just looked that up and now I gotta try that.
"Tagore's religious experience when the world suddenly seemed to break open to him in its radiance." Waterfall...
Nice! I would love to see her. I saw Taylor Swift in October when she came to San Diego
I'm so thankful to God for the blessed life I have.
#newspaces4learning Happy to start talking about the application to the classroom. It's been tough (but good) not thinking that way..
Our pleasure! Keep up the good work for the betterment of #colleges everywhere.
So does anyone have a reason that the 49ers keep Alex Smith? Seriously even Tavaris Jackson isn't as bad as this guy.
Why am I getting all these text late from Jose?
I just want to write..that's it.
This isn't trench coat weather!
any chance a deserted jj rezzie can tag along to the game? I need basketball-lovin' friends :(
Here are a couple of great ideas to cure a hangover
how u what on that kings island trip this sunday wit me and
Going to walk to school jamin out to :D
nice. U wanna flash for me now?(;
Educators want to collaborate with you, whoever you are! (Curators, designers, writers, everyone!)
thanks for your tweet - made my day. The commercial was my first foray into TV for Urbanspoon.
If Follows me I will vote for RNG 500 times or more each week and post a picture of it.
Stop tweeting, Drew. It's your birthday!
i mean is wht up
Still struggling with a title...
second to last.I Feel asleep.
Right? I wasn't aware that I binge drank every time I went to HH after work on a Tuesday. Eh well.
#ItalyLovesBritney and I say I love all the fans all over the world!
So Beliebers and Directioners should do that too? Finally.
*purrs* M, I know *tippy toes and flicks your nose with my tongue*
Excellent movie Ms Faith!! You just keep getting better and better! God has blessed you abundantly!
Happy Easter, my peeps!!! Having a great day with the immediate family but missing the rest of the family.
HarvardGSE's Bridget Terry Long will use Ohio data to shed some light on this question about student employment.
Big update coming in the next few days!! Hope your ready.. we are very excited !
Bbq sauce and fat tits
well ACTUALLY in '43 i marched with harriet tubman
Join my list
A 2005 PIMS study showed that increased marketing spending during the last recession achieved an average return on capital of 4.3%
what it do? Did u run that half marathon bruce jenner?
During two intimidating meetings today, I will pretend I am at the table with , who already thinks I'm awesome.
Remember back in the olden days when we used wood-burning stoves and AOL?
Hehe. I had no idea. Hope you save some of that snark for the post.
yes, i saw this yesterday!!! only it was on my phone and only saw the title...thnks for reminding me! bullshit, indeed!
grilled salmon
you should feel bad! Its a classic, u gotta watch it. The true story of old days actress"Joan Crawford" a true Diva!
Why Choose Newbridge Home Loans: Land Loans - Lots - Large Acerage tracks - Commercial Loans - Investor Loans - 5 to 10 financed properties
#FF follow my evil sidekick
And 2b clear I mean is broke financial, politically, and ethically!
Beat Minnesota, #ItsAllAboutTheU!
Haha. Jaret is fucking on top of it! Tomas, we all miss you.
Just slept for 20 straight hours.
Not live, but video coming soon
where'd you sit at? :p
I hope the days come easy, and the moments pass slow<3
Sabres fans deserve better. Team is 2-5-3 in their last 10 home games.
thanks so much for the FF last week!
I don't know jus yet..when u going?
Shopping day today.
I think the list could have many flaws due to the private school list would make a few changes to home schools
Wilco's new album, "The Whole Love" is amazing.
That it has national recognition is hysterical. RT This week is National Nude Recreation Week. Do with that what u will.
totally gassed bruh .... N's miss FT's but not that often
What are the names of all the #spicegirls ?
Learn more about Savant Multimedia! Social Media Management. Marketing | Public Relations. www.savantmultimedia.us.
what area of civil war history interests you the most (i know, too open of a question)...
- I'm so over the moon about it
Congratulations to Becca Jensen, author of Among the Dead: Ah! and Afterward Yes! and winner of the first Les Figues NOS* Book Contest!
Talked to my love & now its time for bed. Until tomorrow.
"I have no despair about the future."
I've missed you so much.
Attempting to grab my birthday dinner at flat top grill before storms roll in. Go go gadget wok!
Are you an educator who would like to be in print? DM for details.
UT gets the top Recruiting class in the SEC at WR with 4, 4 star commitments
But one day, we will meet tho, thats my word!! imma wife you lol
What color panties are u wearing?..if ur even wearin any..
There are so many events, ways to communicate w/ FB, Twitter, - how can I reach the most people in the most efficient manner ?
well as a scholar of the African Diaspora that's what I do my Morehouse brother!
heh. Is how I figured you knew, just was an odd moment :)
the pied of piper of Reno, Nevada
"Call Me Maybe" is fantastically terrible. I'm absolutely a sucker for big summer pop songs, it's a vice, and I'm working on it.
don't do it!
ok change tha icon
Polygraph for Addison PD coming up and numerous tests for other departments. I have been trying 7 years to become a cop. Why stop now?
possibly Banner
Congrats, folks! Very excited about this!
Oh wow
For those of you listening in, we are on break till 10:30 ET. Apologies for the poor sound quality. Had some technical difficulties!
Seiler is not in the newsroom. I just hit reply to Seiler,what twitter does with my reply is up to twitter
about what
fall thru the spot one weekend fam you know I got u
Eyes that see beauty never lose their sight
Oh no not Derek to
I believe about 2inches maybe...
Have you ever used a Loofah Cookie in the shower? It looks like a pop tart, and smells yummy like one Unique skin softmer so unbelieveable
thanks for the tweet! i can't imagine staying anywhere else while in Montreal! see you next month!
What's everyone doing today?!?!?
San Antonio with my cousin this weekend :)
Wow. It's amazing how you can affect or control (if you will) another persons attitude by your own. ;)
I don't know who's UNfollowing me, but get prepared for me to return the favor!
Holiday season means time to plan your office parties. Serve the best, our unique light & crispy crust, imported melted cheeses & fresh topp
Driving to Chernobyl 26 years later - National Post
Having hope and looking bad is better than publicly admitting the type of beer you drink. Zing!
Friday the 13th just got a bit more spooky this month. Due to some delays in mastering we have to push back our release date to 4.13.12.
A bitting (or: bit of key) is the part of the key that actually engages the tumblers to activate the lock.
Glad the Governor finally figured out how to spell Culpeper County and corrected the earlier PR tweet.
To Our surprise and our 7 year old we were visited by the Easter Fox who claimed much of the chocolate placed in eggs by the Easter Bunny.
Most mechanics can't afford advertising, we can help!
As a woman, it would probably be appropriate for you to wear a tuxedo. :D
nevermind. :( it was. I swear.
What a hit by Rinaldo. Good lord.
If its like this now I can't wait til spring
true indeed!!! Do you miss Florida already??
grumble grumble postini interrupting html email testing grumble grumble
Sending you good thoughts this morning. I hope all is well...or gets better.
Fingers crossed! RT : The is trying to get non stop flights between #ABQ to
currently editing the first bit of fiction for #invictus; nowhere is the circle of life more evident than in reading young writer fiction
Dialogic questions included "what is your origin story?" "When did you first hear about the atomic bomb?" "How did art/science meet tonight"
I am and I will because I believe
Every thing is occurring in perfect timing. No need to stress or rush. Just be grateful for each step of the process.
lol that's awesome
Why? Why did you have to go? I need your help right now.
Low-hanging fruit, Allison. Low-hanging-fruit.
he raped her twice? i call bullshit.
yea I love the Solid 8 throwback!
Don't run away from the truth because I'm not giving up on you
I don't have a very long bucket list but my fuck this list is about a mile long
awe I would have no dreams at all if it weren't for all the fans!
Chillin in #Swampscott, I may visit #Boston tonight, anyone down for a meetup?
Theatre to see and #ff: From our friends at , The Elephant Man at Pico Playhouse.
Hustler and ATL are a family. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
12:30 tonight. Who's ready for a live tweet-up of this rampage?
LOL!!! then what happened when you reached out there ?
It just destroys me every time. RT: Sonic Youth covering Carpenters
cuz i am sick! thats why!
I love u camille! I'm so happy that u found some1 to make u happy again, u deserve it! Ur gorgeous xxoo
great to see the belly/flamenco again. #ceyx was great fun!
579 and counting... That's a lot of people through my small 2 bedroom house in 6 hours!
No one cares about the Bruins dude and Pats, Celts, Sox are all on the decline
That is such a beautiful helicopter shot
lol I was just RTing it to spread it around
#iReallyWant to meet & treat him Subway :)
I always forget how overwhelming the music crowd is... Take me back to my film geeks please
RT : Today is the LAST CHANCE to see "The Spitfire Grill"! Don't miss it! 2pm
I did follow her
Great weekend w/ family in town, bday + 1.5 months party, ice skating, watching football, & preping for #ConnectGens event.
I work at 4 D; Why?
Dont stand so close to the TV your eyes will fall out.
Follow and me!
Ah snap #Devo are in the shorts and black knee socks part of the set.
gotta stick to the meal plan! I'm dying for some fat tho!
Thanks for your message, I will defiantly look into it! Are you interested to protect your songs and your copyrights...?
thank u for the retweet
Heading to the studio to work on some stuff. 🎶
I've always put my career and school on the top of my list, right after my family. No boy will stop me from being great. Ever.
#imagine being there to say goodbye when Harry leaves for America
SHIT GO HARD CHI-ALL DAY
Rest easy, Paige :(
remember when he had an issue with spoon size
Setting and reaching goals is all about dedication. Joe has mastered the mind game and is continuing to see great...
o, will do, lots! RT : just set up my first out-of-office auto reply. you should email me next week so you can get it.
Hey can you please tweet to She is a huge fan of you , she adores you!!!!
I will sing of the steadfast love of the LORD, forever; with my mouth I will make known your faithfulness to all generations. Ps 89:1
i have it to /:
thank you both -- what did i do to deserve the shout outs?
Our brother line of #GraphicTees will launch soon! Pls #FOLLOW TY :)
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me29
can you make cupcakes for and I?
It will rain!<3
Anyone else notice all the twitter references during the #Daytona 500 weather delay coverage? Takes more than rain to stop NASCAR marketing.
I wish it wasn't rainy so I could just sit at the park without wetting my jeans :(
« na you got this baby lol I know that for a fact! :)»thanks gorgeous <3 i feel 10x confident now.
RT : #smcedteam member Anders Abrahamsson () Global Digital Participation - how do we get the world to 'get...
Lol I wonder if she knows she's a hoe
K I'm going to bed now b4 I punch a hole in the wall >.<
thanks for the follow I dig your stuff - you the producer?
If you want certain people in your life you have to let them know you want to keep them In it or you loose them - time for some change
Gay ass chorus concert -_-
Bass, I'm going to have to ask you to dunk the ball, lay it up or pass it. Just stop losing the ball. It's not fun...
Thatsb true all day!!!
Try our delicious dishes & beverages for your Sunday brunch. 11:30-4pm
I love the
amazing book!
Agreed RT: ESPN please take note, do NOT rank us high in the preseason poll next year. Make us low as hell so we can earn it
Definitely noticing an increase of police in my neighborhood lately. :-/
awwwh! Good company to be in!
Don't miss Cindy Scott Thurs 7p at on and Friday at at 12:30 in tent
#LakeShow tonight! Time to get it done Lakers!!
Just started a Run. 70 °F, 0mph N, 78%
Sorry if I don't tweet all the time,but I do have a life and a job.
my boss just came from we have a bunch in the office.
What goes best with your Dundee?
thanks man! that's awesome love the blog, spread the word bro:)
Dear come back to #Pittsburgh at a normal time! :) CC
I just wanna stare at the super moon.
I wake up and I've lost two followers..
IF YOU WOULD LIKE US TO APPEAR LIVE AT YOUR PLACE OF BUSINESS CONTACT US
RT Who really wants 2watch #TheGame w/out Melanie or Derwin? shouldn't have renewed this show w/out them! >I don't! I♥Mel
Watching labrynth with and
And it earns me a music video! Sweet! I'm doing more shoutouts!
Happy Friday!!! duck horn wine!!!!! yeah!!!
Remember that we're looking for a vocalist. Hit us up on Facebook of interested. Facebook.com/allurae
Go to www.themissionlasvegas.com for more information on a place that will put Las Vegas arts and culture back on the map.
Today! Get free stuff here today! Afreething.com/Yours FREE FREE FREE! GET IT NOW AT THIS LINK!
is at today! DM us for show only specials!
of. Course
": "If a guy can't handle you in sweat pants, he sure as hell doesn't deserve you in a wedding dress." - Drake"
hi how r u
feeling any better??
Sharing unknown to little known music with the universe. Join the movement!
“: I use to be so weird ahahhahahah” right
Hi John - definitely good fun, sweet and really well-done!!! Loved it!
haha he couldn't have done any worse.. There was one good dunk that whole contest
Finally, #DPLA is about community (like wikipedia)
that will be my drink of choice this weekend since we are going to BG.
hey pierre whats the whole name of sophia and isabela?
Sucks I won't be driving my car for a lil bit. Gotta drive the big green suburban!
Good Lord Deba and Dado are trying to catch Keitany, but my girl ain't giving up that easy. Come on Keitany you can do it.
Ohmygosh!!! I love it! Yes I'm creeping on you <33
AWW Mr. Quigley! Too bad he didn't have nicer shoes...
Max, we're looking forward to working with you on our little secret "Jesus" music project!!! wink wink
Battleship is definitely in the Top 5 of movies I couldn't be paid to go see.
Where are u when i need you around..
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn’t need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around....
wouldn't he end up dyed blue at some point? Now I feel the need to make an Arrested Development reference
we kno u such a fag and u make puk on your face
I know I've tweeted this before and if I haven't I should have. Nneena Freelon's take of "The Island" is this unbelievably sassy track.
What was your favorite part of your Christmas Holiday?
How did you sleep last night? : )
we both know someone in common in Key West and now we both tried to contact the same kid. DM me.
well I need to talk to him so I can find out when I started working there so I can file for unemployment.
Whats up world? I'm just living life. Keep your head up if it's down..... Make your smile disrupt your frown.
That awkward moment when you see people putting the boys from 1D's names into a song by Justin.
He's on Twitter as well. And he knows my sister, so be nice!
Watching on PHL17 w/
For more helpful meal planning tips, delicious kid-friendly recipes and nutrition tips, visit MealsMatter.org
stuck in my head " he rocks in the treetop all day long, hoppin and a boppin and singing his song"
do u want another contestant
The G just doesn't run right on weekends, huh? She moves in mysterious ways ...
The RTO industry is poised to become the newest player in the customer loyalty marketing arena and we are helping shake the game up.
Traders Point Creamery is relocating their kitchen. Currently it has 300 square feet. The new kitchen will have 700 square feet.
You know it, you love it-$5.00 Monday! Even better-free music & RIT Faculty Speaker Film Series-The Artist @ 6:50 w/ Skip Battaglia
Anyone want to hang today? Off all day ad don't want to waste the day. Bmx? Fishing? Jumping jacks? Let's do it all.
RT keep a back up, in case these niggas wanna act up!
Family Over Everything. FOE
if u dont tweet anything soon, i`m going to unfollow u.
I'm SO with! And, I'm still young, so we can't be curmudgeons!!
thanks! We are excited!
U C ME
Got it!
I got some bomb ass head from a _____ ____
good one>See beauty without your eyes and you know its truelly genuine
you should let me love you
ok its coming soon!! #staytuned :)
Bout to go take a run and work on my game
why? Why not Gary Johnson. At least he is human.
I love how Alive Philly is! Excellent Chefs, Events, People & Culture. I live & play in the city.
On my way to WORT to talk to Occupy attorneys. Call in with questions or comments 256-2001! Noon - 1:00 on 89.9FM, OUR community radio.
The numbers almost add up to 9. I like that. That's a good omen - rocky II. Lol!! If that's in the original script...
Absolutely! Keep up the great work!
Why not us? Why not now? I BELIEVE! Nuggs win with heart!
No sleep in my near future.
Let me break down your walls and get to you.
Ok Can u DM it to me?
Partnership , & providing training that is: high consequence, high confidence, & high control.
That was noted between me and
I got enough business. I don't need to drive to bum fuck egypt lol
Now Eric Johnson!! What a night!
Love this tweet! So much!
My grandma totally just pushed me):
Good morning u guys "blessed "🙏
Today is gonna b a great day!!!!
Thank you for attending and speaking at BBA grad party today! Your support is much appreciated by both students & staff!
#questionsthatdontgetanswers "why are you so shady?"
I might take you up on that offer I'm not going!
Anyone who wants to personally bash Oden and blame him for all that went down will be blocked.
I was so confused...
I want to throw a fastball at your face :)
I want to work with you, check out my company. We are an innovative music media tech company from LA! WWW.Mobile-label.net
wait so do amish people sext through letters
ATTENTION #TeamMuldoon please help reach 11K followers! He ONLY needs 253, so let's get to work tweeps!!!!
Down 3-1 against a team as explosive as the Heat, w/ Amare's hand issues, Davis and Shumpert out, ...my prediction looks rough.
Pacers can't get too discouraged about missing shots. Only down by 4 at end of 1st quarter.
"An athlete striving to become the best, Lets nothing stand in their way; Not even the coach."
Death or humanity is what Arabella wants most. Fortunately, Janyce will give it to her If she survives getting what she wants first.
cant wait til the site comes back up i cant wait to hear the mixtapes
Make it a good one in spite of the wind and other things there.....:):):)
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me :( 2
everyone I know is getting married or having kids...i guess its the new tattoo
Ah that must be it! Thank you for your keen observations and for being an inside man in the hood community for so long
lol wat he do... I did the same
#follow for a
Have a great time @ DLR
Congrats, Cal - couldn't imagine the broadcasts without you, you little beauty!
Adventure time!
I wonder how long it took for the audience for those NBA playoff games to tune out.
No Greater Joy: Home Remedies: Yeast Infection, Thrush, UTI, Ear ...
RT I think I need someone to explain this Future album to me.
I am about to private with my tweets. Cant have a life anymore. Yes this is for you because you are TRIPPING!!!!!
I love the dress Maria menuinos is wearing<3
Very beautiful
Now you tell me youre in love. But thats not what it was. All those times that passed by with no signs.
Who's excited for #peggyphelan #live #art in LA???
I'm not going to let any of these selfish muthafukaz Fuck up my day/night
But now I have time to listen to #DietrichFischer-Dieskau on ! Wee!
Fingers crossed for Michelle Williams
yep! my three month ticker started yesterday. waves of anxiety and trying to focus on life while still checking off to do list.
Only 4 days, until he's gone. Yay. :/
you are so cute i wish i lived in san antonio,tx
Your Guide to Exercising Through the Ages
TableTop is excellent. Thank you for making these.
I have a feeling is about to get signed
Yea I have freckles but still look pretty(; ha
3 hours til I have to be at school?
Time mag person of the year: protestor? What is this little league where everyone gets a trophy?
the amount of coffee i drank so far this week is unbelievable!
a giant hug and your time! :)
So.....who's been doing their "YOU ROCK!" every morning? Will you do it this morning?
same!! never been!
Attention customers!! TOMORROW only -- Thursday November 17th, all furniture will be 20% off!! Come and see us!
I ordered 2 phish posters last week from drygoods and it took them a week to ship, what gives? Got it today, looking forward to framing it
Magic Breaks Bulls' Winning Streak
no babe im not even in the car no more I got in Tennessee at three this morning
Why are you being rude to my friends?
#MySexualFantasies having sex while playing donkey kong
Hello there. How are ya? Sorry, late responding.
I am my own crew
...continually displaying new symptoms, new costumes, new customs, new systems :: S Reddy
Well we ain't gon get swept I kno that much
MiniBük. The social media you can hold.
Woo get to see 2 teams go fishin' on #inside the NBA
Thanks so much for your pledge and for getting the word out!
Big storm headed here in a while. Yay!
M Manhattan!
Friday Fitness Tip: The scale isn’t the best way to measure progress toward your fitness goal. Here are 9 other ways to measure your...
Just reserved #LikeCrazy at Redbox for tonight. Yes I've already seen it, but I'll gladly see it again. :)
Too many things to do. I should just take a nap and hope they all get done by the time I wake up
So true! Thank you “: Take charge and create your own destiny. If you don't take responsibility for your life, who will?”
Go Red Sox
Both the episode and series were awesome. Definitely made me proud to be an American. Hope I get the DVD set for Father's Day.
Still time left! Donate in #GiveBIG via and sleep well. Just gave to (cc )
this guy >>> could care less about Bronco's.I just can't handle another season of Tebow around here!
The best thing about the #SuperBowl are the commercials
you goin there to battle somebody
I. AM. SO. PROUD. OF. YOU <3 this is the big step! So don't let anyone stop you from living your dreams. Im just here for you.
There's a little of devil in her angel eyes she's a little bit of heaven with a wild side ❤
Full season pick-ups for Parks & Rec and Happy Endings. What a good day!
amazing! Jamar, two group performances-second one was even better! Awesome!
Paint on your Ceramic Dinner Plates- Ceramic Painting Project - Art and Craft
Check me out at tonight. Rockin it in the new Dj booth.
Good night everybody :)
But it would be so great if it did.
.Gas prices in 2006 2007 were $5.30 gal. in the Bay Area S.F. In Tahoe higher during summer season. "Highest gas in history" NOT TRUE
If the mention of the word 'budget' makes you groan, think of it not as some nasty chore or way to deprive yourself, but as spring cleaning!
Pain meds make me sick most times as well. Could never be an addict or abuser. 2 Tylenol wouldn't touch me at all. Has to be 4.
we should chat about it sometime. I searched for bing and results were useless b/c it was just people all issuing the same link.
Shoot my dad is heated at me!!!! :/
if you could combine Indy & Nashville that would be one Epic birthday present!!! :)
I was just outside draining pool-again-it ain't pretty out thar-hope it blows past quick.
thanks so much for the follow. If you need a new mattress or new furniture please let us know!
i read it ahaa
Bad day for cowboys </3
y u fresh from head 2 toe and ur kid look like a orphan
RT : I'm being forced to eat carbs covered with cheese. FORCED.
slowly is good. That way we get the right deal :-)
perfect! That is it.
Person: do you have a boyfriend? Me: are you making fun of me
think he's in south America living it up.
ha Otay! Let me know. How'd you end up there?
Another dollar, another day. Man is it early
Buy produce/meats/grains and have fun picking out new things, cook them in healthy ways, and leave the processed stuff out.
#SXSW so much better without rain!
Good Morning! :)
Go Alex, go Alex! *cabbage patches*
On the way to IPL !
I miss you :(
your show needs to be an hour long, 30 min isn't long enough! your to funny! (:
Sometimes you have to stop looking at the big picture and see the wall it's mounted on.
I am glad you clarified that was your cousin, otherwise that would be VERY strange lol
he's half the man he used to be, but he lives....they're even making a figure of him with robot legs... #
Why can't we get a good liberatarian? I'm a conservative minus the religion and feel left out.
From us and ours to you and yours, Merry Christmas! We hope you have a great day!
Don't mess with Bill.
what the frig is getting all intimate with your nostrils?
Jen Bervin at Mills College - video - now on the front page of Jacket2 under "media highlights."
Worst fucking day ever... #pissed someone text me..
Nope that global warming finaly found us after a very cold ass winter.
My daughter has dedicated my new song "My Pretty Boy" to our cat Tommy....aww! ♥
No, probably not, remember, it sucks.
The last few weeks of school always be boring
cool! & did you like it? And yeah I'll just be like "Josh, what do we do now?" haha
(Did it again.)
As the CEO, sorry to hear that! Would love any thoughts on what you'd like to see us improve. Stay tuned... Thanks!
Good morning everybody!! Have an amazing week! :)
I'll tell you later. I couldn't possibly give you details in the public feed. It's very [word usage:] "uncouth." #props :) RT
Dinner at Alterra: $30. Fiddler on the Roof tickets: $40. Spending the evening with Miss Reckzin, Frank Abignale Jr. Style: priceless.
WV Public TV will re-air our 2005 interview with late poet laureate, Irene McKinney, this Friday at 9 pm, and Sunday at 6:30 pm.
I'll be there.
sure, I followed back. thanks :) follow back?
so sleep
Airplane repo, Can't stop watching!
thanks. I feel reborn!
follow us plz share! we follow back!
Thanks for visiting us! Looking forward to seeing you again!
you know who you should follow ? and . They're amazing boy beliebers ya know(:
LA friends, let's hang. Here until next week.
no no, no problem c: <3
Did you know the IRS will not be mailing tax packets/forms this year? Don't worry! Tax forms are trickling into Henderson Libraries now!
That's a LONG day RT : Need one badly! 2 hour hard spin at 4:45 this morning & kid stuff all morning.... ;)
Omgg crazy but true was my favorite song I even made a dance to that song ;)
Don't get us wrong, facebook is a great social media site and has a lot to offer, but what about their revenues? $FB
pretty good, went by fast.
Which means you can see our beautiful capitol when you land.
Snooki is short, fat, orange, and loves lasagna. If you think about it, she's just Garfield with herpes.
"taste the soup" RT : "Whatever you like"--
New twitter page design is up. Can I get a word?
Think about it this way: the longer you wait, the more it will cost to fix. Do it now! :)
25 degrees at 9am? What is this?
what time are you at Winn Dixie?
The FIRST biography? Hard to believe. RT First biography of Mayor Richard M. Daley to be published by U of C Press tinyurl.com/3brkyw9
42 extra long please
I would but not really into deep fried anything.
Work It .
next time you are in richmond we will take you there bro, its a nice place
missed it. What'd she play?
#JustGetOverIt - my nervousness..... still in the weeds with my MC duties...
If you follow me, I will respond to your dm. Can't do so otherwise.
It's officially spring, and we can't think of any better way to celebrate than sipping on a fresh, cold beer!
Looks good to me, Cameron. Maybe a comma after '12th year'?
Ain't nothing on TV, ain't nothing to do(sigh) summer starting off real slow bout now
Why wait till Tuesday? Offer yourself a Valentine: come to South Mountain Yoga, 18 S. Orange Ave., S. Orange, 4-5pm-- free community class.
RIP, Big Man. your music will certainly be missed.
Hi Sam, thanks for following me, I like your blog I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Everything there is to know about the Rim Country... as soon as we know it. Starting around 9:00 am daily, except Sundays.
thank you. Had me nervous for a bit there.
i have 2 great virtual assistants. Both in Baltimore.
yes ma'am I got you ;-)
Now developers can publish and sell their Symbolsets, fonts for GIS, symbols for applications, Styles easily.
We're also going to have to work on the workplace swag
I don’t wanna be in the blind, but sometimes I Stevie Wonder About him
the twins in 8flavahs goes to Moanalua high school I go to moanalua too!
hey man I need to get you some gear while your in town let me know when your around!
The only thing good about fasting for a doctor's appt tomorrow morning is that I'm going to #chickfila right after for breakfast.
Or one source w/ sense of humor RT : It appears Bloomberg and Reuters are talking to different sources about Facebook IPO
It's Friday. STFU. :)
just started myself, one can get hungry quickly staring at those pictures
Tim Duncan is looking like a MASTER out there.
Blessed behind Measure. I am so Blessed. Thank You Lord for all you have done for me and mines.
Call your radio station an request 11:11 by !!!!
The beginning is the most important part of the work. Plato
Hungry too. I haven't eaten ANYTHING but cereal since the morn
Prime Minister of Zimbabwe is apparently in the Tribune Tower. Secret Service guys don't think my jokes are funny.
Bout to start this 30 day challenge (tomorrow) ...Vegetarian, I am now!!! Let the starvation begin 😄
Thank you for the shout out!
What gauge do my ears need to be for me to wear spikes hollow enough for a few joints and can it be done in one day? Got a flight to catch!
your aren't too bad to look at yourself
Ninja status (;
I'm a big time travel/alternate reality fan.
Some still not 100% but hope to be soon!
*Stands up and raises arms in white suit from Bruce Almighty* The night.... awaits you....*Creeper grin*
I'm not ready 2 give up bc kids & families need us to keep saying this is wrong!
whats good bro
my current walk to your apartment is 11 minutes. My future walk to your apt will be 8 minutes. You win. Though really we all do
RT , Cnn reporting from "Kill Devil Hills," SC. Trying to create #hysteria?
THURSDAY THURSDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON THURSDAY!!
figured I tweet about you before Canada steals your ability to use any social network.
Wanna Ouija Board
i dont think i could live without skittles!!!!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 23
I think sprint has an outage, so I'll just wait this one out lol
Thanks, lady- we sure are excited!
We need to give more intellectual property information to the consumers -Helene Faussart
hi Evan :D
I've been commissioned to rap. You're gonna want to hear this.
nice going, looks good we have to log some miles one day or days.
congrats on the tweet From sterling :)
Why should you never invite a pig to join your tug-of-war team? Pigs want to be pulled through the mudhole.
Oh my! Well there are only so many posts out there and everyone wants them :S Start a blog maybe? Can't hurt your chances
My aunt made Amazing Guacamole dip !!!!! It's Tasteful
d wade like 6 3 in real life..u have a 6'9 mvp n u chose wade to drive?? we have to stop pretending this wade team
What uh... what? What is this?
Ha, its funny that Baylor fans have short term memory and forget they were the doormat of the #Big12 for DECADES.
Just had flashback & saw Phil Rubio on Colbert Report advocating for saving the
Do you play all of these steam plays? Thanks a bunch!!
learning how to use for ....such an awesome service
toilet . Idk why
Trying not cause a stir with my incessant coughing. Sorry, studious people.
feeling a little rough. hopefully it's nothing a mcdonald's breakfast and orange juice can't heal.
But seriously #MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs would probably be "The Party & the After Party", "Coming Down", "Gone", & "XO/The Host".
I don't want the whole world, the sun the moon & all their light. I just want to be the only girl you love for all your life.
Enjoying the melodies of my favorite local artists and delicious local food
thanks for the follow - love your website!
haha okay! Well what are you SB plans? Just text!
putting together a package for the March of Dimes Sig Chef Auction next month. pedal+beer+food. should be good!
Your imperfections, is what makes who you are.
Just take it one day at a time, one pound at a time. Think how much better you will look and feel for your holiday. :-)
I'm an instant star. Just add water and stir." - David Bowie
Zap i was in a place below 70 degrees
you guys were AWESOME at coachella. Told all my friends about you when I got back
The warning signs at the parking lot by the MAT building at #UWT are funny. Who's actually going to read all of that *before* parking.
When people don't even add sauce...
PREP is expanding! We look forward to working w/ to support parents and children in #arlington VA!
"It's hard to stay mad when there's so much beauty in the world"
#ff Thanks for the retweets and mentions!
Day in the life
When you get your first job as a video game tester, you will be known as a beta tester
The award for most fun band at on Sunday goes to Friendly Fires! So much energy!
hahahaha, I won't be ther Monday I got baseball banquet
look at ur txt messages
I assume too late to suspend Shaw at this point. Had 3 days and can't change lineup at this point.
Rescuer dropped from helicopter off manhattan beach pier
Anyone ever had your windshield replaced? How long am I supposed to leave the tape on?
are you going to make a new record soon i really like youre voice
dm me than cause i get that on here <WeMissAustin!>
You know some shit is going down when your mom calls you and says that she needs to talk to everybody
Oh dear God. No. Lol “: Fifty Shades of Grey conversation going on in the office... have you read it?”
Job security: calling my boss and posing as a problematic customer so he'll realize he still needs me while I'm on vacation.
Aye where & track? Im tryna hear it asap!
Confucius Say Even a fish can escape being caught, if it keeps its mouth shut
"Writing is easy: All you do is sit staring at a blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead." (Gene Fowler)
He made us drinks to drink , we drunkem ' got Drunk !! ((:
Yeah, that came off a little more rude than I thought when I typed.
Thank you! RT : We met a ton of great neighborhood ppl tonight.Many thanks #WickerPark for a great evening.
God doesn't love the Lakers RT : Lakers for the love of God... please. just win this.
Check out our friends at www.mirrormascots.com
In #london #UK for a few days... #qrcodes are popping up in pubs and everywhere - on par w many #American mega-cities!
Happiness is bad for fine lines.
For every Lotus Sanctuary special you retweet in May you'll be entered into a drawing for a FREE 90 Minute Tuina appt. Who needs my elbows?
Who's excited to hear #sugarrush on Wednesday?! put so much work into this song, and it shows! You all will love it!
my wife might be of use ;)
Lovely visit to the Downtown Albuquerque B&B! The innkeepers had such vision for bringing the historic properties to life. #Frommer's
you just got crossed off my list
What?! Why yes. Yes I should.
IKEA TIME BITCHES
Seattle is cold n rainy. uggh
Trying to convert an XML doc from UTF-8 hexadecimal to decimal character encoding (for text mining w/French diacritical characters). Advice?
No, I'm RTing from Paleofx conference tweets, wasn't there unfortunately but need to look into it! I find that interesting too
very nice!
Watching the new movie #Journey2 :)
#np Reflection Eternal - Talib Kweli and DJ Hi-Tek. Not cause we're closed, but because it's damn good.
Keep close tabs on Chris - turns wild when he hits the hooch, we're told!
i cant help but waiit
thanks for doing my hair! Girl time was much needed last night... Again tonight!
thanks girl 😘
get stoked, it'll be EPIC!
just watched it the other day, brilliant movie! Really gotta get the soundtrack too. :)
I used to be so pathetic 3 years ago. I'm glad I learned from those past mistakes.
Uniforms? Like a printed tee with your business name, logo, and number on it? Yes, you need them.. and we sell them cheap.
RT : Thanks to everyone who came out to support Great turnout!
say something!
in complete denial that i have a final exam tomorrow.
Someone came at my door with flowers, thought it was for me. No, it was for my neighbor..
#Boonen will not start @ #amstelgoldrace this sunday. Just too tired from all the winning! Can you imagine riding over 150 miles in 1 day?
come on baby can we slow grind
There is nothing more important in any life than the constantly enjoyed presence of the Lord. W/o it we will make mistakes and be defeated.
It's bout to be nice this weekend. I may try to hit the beach on Sunday...
duly noted, carry on ...
Thanks. :P Like your nickname too. XDDD Nick. :P
Weekends give us time to refresh and re-energize ourselves! What will you do to prepare for the week ahead?
~ very nice to meet you -- love Roman Sandals.....looking forward to your tweets...DJ
or, let a bunch of ants in your house!
If you are an #airport, please turn the sound of the tvs in the gate. Or better yet: blow up your tv
That Diddy and Luda "Same D*** Time" remix is cold.
I'm still at odds with my self at which one of these kids will get the starting nod for this weekend.
Love when I'm interviewing ppl for blog posts and they give me 1 word answers for EVERYTHING....thanks dude. It'll be a great post.
First time holding a new born! Such a sweet little baby!! :)
I love all my friends mom <3 :')
You can preorder our album on bandcamp.com/SinatraDC please go check it out! And buy it :) only 4$!
I just told this bucket drummer that his drumming PAILS next to another guy's in Brooklyn. He didn't get it. Do YOU get puns?
Second that! Church!RT : One Chance.... that's all I need... that applies to anything...
Full af...i think I over ate
In the sheets u know I flip her like a 9 piece
Joe, thanks for the follow as well. That would be great. Let me know when you would like to chat.
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
We will be release our project by the end of June. We produced, and wrote every except for features but it's coming soon.
Gah, wake up up guys.
we are but dem just done lol nxt time I got u..
Love it! RT : I didn’t ask if you like it. I asked if the audience will.
boy u crazy LMAO of talking bout my boo boo lol!!!
and looking forward to riding Mt. Lemmon!
#EarthDayFilms Terminator 2: Judgment Earth Day, The Remains of the Earth Day, Bad Earth Day at Black Rock
...didn't even know abt them until I read abt hotdish on Wikipedia. Clearly I am not a midwesterner.
Also on today's show, a TX State Rep whose financial approach to prison reform could help end overcrowding, changing lives and saving money.
Thank you!
can't wait to export it to word press on Friday :)
i kinda was they dont like me. they all dont
yeah it was we split one together :)
Who's shopping? Help a Tiger out - Share your Cyber Monday deals on the #RIT hash tag!
Best deals in education Going back to school can be cheaper than you think, with a wealth of free online courses to choose from and an ea
You guys I'm basically the Mayor of New York now.
its my mom's, I've been trying to snag it from her for the longest
RT : Don't miss Steve James's The Interrupters at 8.30pm. Winner Best Int Feature and Best Int Director at DocEdge 2012....
Why do weekends always go by so fast compared to the weekdays? If weekdays went by as fast as weekends I wouldn't mind going to school...
I guess going to almost every Yanks game in Baltimore as well as having been to Yankee Stadium doesn't qualify me as a Yanks fan?
Don't miss the donut by looking through the hole...
yeah pretty good besides the people... lol
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!! will you guys do f4f with herr?
#interviewtip Dec Grad Edition: make sure that u have ur email address on ur resume If a recruiter cant get u on the phone, they can email u
"Agile has really evolved from small teams, colocated, to big companies... closely tied is increased automation." Randy DeFauw
Telling you people there's a great music scene coming out of place. ~MAMA COCO'S FUNKY KITCHEN~for all your recording needs
Really glad and I just figured out how to turn our phones in to walkie talkies. The world may end.
#CELTICS all day baby
Quoting : There's always room for shake shack.
They didn't want the possibility of you slacking off bc of an easy course load! ;)
#DASER Borgia "what we see on bowerbird bowers r things that look artsy...pods, oranges, spoons, leaves...an amazing set of decorations."
Ready to bounce
This time it was MTV's doings, but he's not the only one in the episode. It has other people too lol
Is there a social site where I can recommend and get recommendations on *anything*?
For anyone that was interested in coming the shows at Mo Doggies were cancelled.
It is HILARIOUS. Definitely made my morning.
A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef!
thanks for the response. For some reason I feel like you didn't do it last yr. Anyway keep up the great work!
No school
Good morning to my tweet-heart! RT : Good morning
By organizing a surprise visit from and Mark here made me an absolutely wonderful emotional late birthday present.
Saw Pax, Josh, and CJ who all got Brewers ties; Buss, Prinzi, and a few of their friends. And met some new people. Successful first day!
I think Cie Grant put that hit on Wilson to clinch the game for the Buckeyes.
Road trip to Tennessee this summer.<3
Yumm!!! Thanks Jamie. How to make a delicious lamb marinade, Part 2: via
Women sometimes aren't as open with other women in terms of professional contacts...but it's getting better.
Thanks! Glad we could make it, it was a great show.
Tonight The Melismatics with Techtonic Movement and Full Speed Veronica at Low Spirits in Albuquerque, NM
some say stubborn, I say tenacious :-)
we will take it off your hands
i like! i like!
Cee Lo Green discovering a new low in his career, singing with a cadaver.
BRUINS! 7pm! Going to the game? Stop in for some food & drinks! Not going to the game? Watch it with us!
Mon., July 19. Gather at central library. 1st Mon. that libraries n LA r closed on non-holiday in 136 yrs. 9:30am!
Sometimes you go to the gym after two weeks of not working out to run on the track, take a look the treadmills, then hop onto an elliptical.
Interesting to see the U.S. House reject a balanced budget amendment today.
Doing a show this Thursday night in East Nashville at Charlie Bobs - 7pm
Mexican Recipes for Kids Kids love Mexican food, but you don't have to go out to get good Mexican fare. These easy Mexican recipes will t
A revolution to replace capitalism with another monstrous system? The revolution needs to be daily: r own commitment 2 love.
& a muffukka a NEVER see me down. gave my ma and both my grandmas $100 a piece & still got a gwap ! hate i gotta pay insurance though! lol
is your steam not working? I can't seem to get anything on the mobile app or over the internet
When i flow It's no lie, like I'm under oath. Patron or goose kinda night? Shit I'm getting both.
35 degrees in NC, we aint in Florida anymore
We should be #Spreecasting all these dinner conversations
Pool party
Don't tell me I can't do it just because you can't.
In Camden, NJ today! Can't wait to finally see ! Playing the skull candy stage @ 4:30 today see you there!
Getting my free pancakes from I-hop with mr Mazda
awesome class today! i heart yoga. a lot.
So...What has been your favorite interview?
I'm two tables behind you on the right
I'm continually disappointed with the one we use. Open to trying anything.
The brother of the man fatally stabbed yesterday on an RTD bus talks to me about what he says really happened on #9News at 4 and 5p
many people got put on so easy brag and act like they the greatest. be thankful you got put on, cause your not that talented. #?donelately
But not out of the realm of the possible.
thanks for following! Now it's time to Party....Free IPad 3 style...interested?
Geez, I missed a lot during my morning commute to work. Can't wait to watch Unscripted on my phone during lunch, lol
crap, must have missed that rule in the orientation pamphlet... and missed the memo in your 10000 tweets the last few days
I know man, I'm getting tired of baseball already. How's the kids?
no estaba era u.u
Living the dream! What's new on your planet?
Brown Center Report Part II: The Main NAEP consistently reports larger SES achievement gaps than the Long Term Trend NAEP.
A big Thank You to all those who have followed me on Twitter these past many months....
heh, pardon the 2 tweets...left out a very important apostrophe-T!
Follow me <3 im a big fan of One Direction <3 and i LOVE YOU :DD please follow me i will be really happy :)
Nick Johnson = wasted roster space.
Thank you for adding the export to PDF and email functions into GA's new interface!!
got ya, i will pass the message along to chris - what specifically is the problem
that shit was funny as fuck!
Suh is such a bag of shit. Always dirty
Just tapped Epic's Bottom of the Sea Gose.
World&#39;s Largest &#39;Fossil Forest&#39; Found In US
It's , thank you!
that has been my favorite song since I first heard it.
probably about 400
hackers? must b popular.
I don't even know you!
it's so smooth C.J.!!! Lol
of course
: sorry for my silence... i'm still grinding
guess she won't be needing templates?
2 more fucking weeks and I'm out of this damn hell hole .
this #thankfulThurs I am thankful for nasal decongestant... having a cold is no fun!
Even more #awesome RT We've got 3 that have come back to continue their respective projects
: ( RT : Layoffs approved. SD board of ed votes 5-0. This means 1633 jobs cut.
I might be among the luckiest, though -- for 20 of my 38 years.
I'M PLAYIN YOUR MUSIC AS I TWEET, REPPIN HARD 4 THA D. (DETROIT)!!!!!
SWSX tonight Silent Disco is the last night 10pm-Sunrise going out in style
boo :( That sucks.
After I followed you, Twitter suggested I might also like "Porn Sluts" and "Clorox Bleach"
Hi. I miss you more. You'll be home soon. Woohoo!!! Can't wait =)
Man I still love that Brett Favre.
Great job boys. Keep on rockin
this fc smell is starting to make me feel nauseous..
i think you should announce #MahoneToTheUK soon?
life a gay boy:/
is the only the 12th person ever to appear on the #SportsIllustrated cover two weeks in a row
folks are going Hemi at the
Fridays are always better when there are dogs and donuts in the office. WIN!
the hell you doing
Fucking broke my turtle beach headset...
made the mistake of checking email after Islamic call to prayer woke me up this morning. No going back to sleep after that.....
Very interesting & useful. What is the source of this research? RT 6 exposures over 30 days leads to 90% retention.
I can catch the drift of you , fuck you fooling . *Moretwitter,everybodygoingontwitter . smh
Just enjoyed a nice dinner at Willie G's in Denver, highly recommended.
“: Who does everyone have tonight? #SuperBowl #gogiants” I hope the pats only so NY fans get to see 2 losses today
Aw yeah.... got things cookin'!! Feeling good. :-)
Why is it every time people try to help me with vocals they always end up making things worse or old country folk sounding :/
#amysenser #kony #powerfulfireworks approved. All coming in the next half hour on
Happy new year!
So my grandma told me that she once went to #Culvers and she got a senior discount when she bought the kid's meal. Talk about #awkward haha
Party party party
Never a dull moment at the Walgreens on 16th & Meridian.
Some women have it real hard. It must be exhausting putting makeup on two faces every morning.
saw get her claws on a boy. never seen anything like it in my life.
. A budget PPT (PDF) file posted as a "video" .wmv on the web site? Really? Not even a narrated version of PPT?
Who going to the game against Detroit next Saturday?
Yup, but it's ok...It's not like I'm gone all day tomorOh wait, I am... Luckily, for the students, it's my work weekend.
coffee, tea--make up your mind, Yale Press!
My neighborhood parish school, St Bridget's is officially closing, leaving East Falls with little school choice.
Hi, definitely add me, Angela. Your blog makes me miss fun days in Seattle. Eat oysters now; will be gone soon a/c floods.
this is one helluva study hall
Wow son ran over his father and killed him
So Erik Bedard you saw that coming a mile away right? Well, as long as he isn't being served before games he's good.
The Parking Lot Movie shows today! Newcomb Hall, University of Virginia 4pm $5
No sir, thank you!
LETS GO #PATRIOTS!!!!!
why do you need a new twitter!?!?
Found out a friend is getting a divorce. She was just married a few years ago. Life isn't like the fairy tales. No happily ever after.
i just slept the whole day.
You made the choice to stay and not go to sleep! So I didn't ruin anything.
Struck up a conversation wth a gentleman at Starbucks who retired from teaching at AU—and made room for my job there next year. Small world!
Happy Mothers Day to all of the wonderful and beautiful moms :) Especially love you!
Foodlife is my jam!
i have j freeman and flacco at qb just got offered this trade. Big ben and mendenhall for turner. I get mend and ben.Thoughts?
Absolutely not.
“: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!” hm..You get the idea to have 200 retweets, I'll call and ask. Deal?
Marshall Goldsmith taking stage for 300 in audience at
you're the best but I promise you I'm good (; ily lots thank you doe!
Thanks for the support! RT : is following me! I freakin' LOVE Serve! (and so should you.) :}
lol yes I'm currently jumping for joy
I can believe I am still up considering I half to serve my 3rd detetion so one more and by by school for a day and so on I hate it cuz it's
Healthy lunch and nice Saturday afternoon shopping at farmer's market in Coconut Grove :)
Tweet #RevolutionSaturdays and have a chance to win a FREE BOTTLE this Saturday for the launch of our new event.
Very true, very true. I suppose I only recognize it with 'the' attached!
As long as your mother loves, dont ever love a women.
Professional Days.
Need to get all those old business papers shredded? or scanned? #oceanside #eastlake #ptloma #sandiego #oceanside #university city...
Congrats to ! A great addition to the Horns. Gonna be a special player.
Running in the beautiful #Washington rain and hail, them sharing the #Isagenix opportunity with friends later
You're only... what... 6 hours driving apart? :) I'm like... 3 days away... man America is big
Teams making moves in power ranking: Det(up 3) Was(up 5).. Ari(down 15) Indy(down 4) .. Check the page for full list
And the Packers are now the Super Bowl favorite!!
hello summer and senior year!!
Its my party dance if I want to we can go crazy let it all out!
my work gloves
#OomfNeedsTo be mine again..
you really should get home soon so you can call me, watching movies alone:(
Hey early congrats to you on your wedding!
Man that #sharktank episode had me worked up, lol. I'm a branding geek, what can I say?
No matter what... I still love you.
When I have to work so early on a saturday morning, learning that #Starbucks has the pumpkin spice latte back almost makes it all worth it!
Just landed in Boston!
Do-it-yourself Jihadist nabbed! Here's tip: when purchasing pipe bomb fixin's, don't use credit card issued by 1st National Bank of Tehran.
": Today was my last day doing everything.. Last day going to school and riding the school bus" • :(
Congratulations to you and the team. Well deserved!!
Ilove my fans n my haters they make me better at what im doing..
Heading down for dinner...Have a great one no matter where you are!!!
Why force me to come to school if I'm gonna sleep here the Same way I sleep at home!!”
I'm anxious to see Marvel's The Avengers.
Name ideas for kid 3? Need 'em September-ish.
"Let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them."~Exodus 25:8
THE AVENGERS completely lived up to the hype. What a really fun & kick ass film!!
Time to chill, play me some Deus Ex, and listen to bfmv.
ollege is hell when you are just going back to school after 4 years and studying what i am. its also a great why to pick up girls i think.
if you can't say something nice about somebody, don't say anything at all. Now apply it other
IT ALWAYS RAINS ON MY BIRTHDAY!! EVERY FREAKIN YEAR!!
Who likes to b random
i only said lol becuz i wanted to
“We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.” – Carlos Castaneda...
Want new people to text..the people in my phone are borinng -__-
So great to get introduced to your fiddle tonight!
Good day
omg nggas is real life fags
Bury me at sea Where no murdered ghost can haunt me If I rock upon the waves No corpse shall lie upon me
#attention #Orlando Business if you would like to push your business to the next level and get more customers. Contact us for more info
Anytime!! RT We as a staff want to thank you as well. This will benefit the kids in many different ways.
FEMA's soliciting feedback on President’s FY13 Budget for new National Preparedness Grant Program (NPGP). Send comments .gov
hahaha thanks I love my job. Wish it was game time tomorrow already!
Come on man...AC/DC For Those About To Rock.
.it has a little since then.
Love it - thanks for sharing, Will! How's the search going?
It's a iPod not a usPod I don't have to let you borrow it if I don't want to.😒
from , the people who brought you lebronsturbation and then the tebowner... jeremylingus!
I just voted for Bucky Lasek for
New phone, new numbers? :D Message me.
So nice to see so many students on campus at #UMBC today!
look good, feel good, play good, they pay good
Belichick is going to go all hood up, Emperor Palpatine-style in the 2nd half. Lucas will re-release pics next year in 3D.
Happy birthday sophiaa<(
Thank you! Have a great day. :) RT : What a HOT Mama! :) Have a great day wit loved ones!
I hate being woken up before 12.
Follow our friends and at www.focusrally.com - they are currently in 1st place!
I see
Just got one direction tickets? Row a? What is air?!
We need some big time #HitchcockMagic here.
@ invitational h.s. swim meet. son Ben just came in 1st in his 50 freestyle heat.
Your being real optimistic lol alot of Laker Fans are in Panic Mode already
for the win!
[susan sontag] unsure if C were cancer or vitamin
cant wait to hear this new album :)
With the parents eating tasty fish.
i followed (: !
Stay tuned for some exciting news! :)
Martin Fraquhar Tupper~ Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech.
Ooh I got to use the Effin bathroom
Bars, beers, then the bulls game
Happy New Year!
gm how u doing?
D'uh bro! Vinnie Vegas rocked that shit! actually referenced his role as Super Shredder on RAW a few months back.
omg your so pretty im jealous :$
Never underestimate your power to change yourself; never overestimate your power to change others. ~Dr. Wayne Dyer
Thanks a bunch!
I can't help wondering whether the savings will exceed the amount AA is spending on staff and lawyers
New business cards are legit!
In life the hardest decisions to make are usually the best ones you'll make!
That's priceless! I'm hopeful that my girls find lifetime benifits in it....It's cost enough..lol. Anything for the kids!
Used for 4 years, k cool. Now its done
Up up and away
Im team follow back! Follows me! FOLLOW ME!
What a great friend you were... Right!
Talent is great...teachability is better.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand the people from my school.
Blessings to all...... on this fine day!
haters will still be watching to see how she does #britneybringsinthe$$
Bunny Bunny!
I've got a new dance move that I want to show off
enjoy your show!
you too Tyler!(:
I should be droppin a new video today and its a big move that we making
give her a huge hug lol
Whatever i did i dont deserve this so sorry for whatever i did
Don't quit - Switch!
In 14 More days...I'll have the Honor of becoming an Ordained Minister..I'll be a Healing Minister ...What a Blessing for me and My Ministry
LAME NIGGAS BE QUIET
What do you guys think of the draft for the #Chargers so far?
Are you going to Illinois?
We can hope!
Lol you funny
Totally agree! I Hope they execute his ass!
alright its Dday, you know what that means. i want to see your ass out at the show. going to get crazy and even whats in store tonight. hit
2 chainz an champagne, you want true that's true enough
Congratulations Rob & Shannon, ur in Renegades courtesy of The Chicks....enjoy ur night!!!!!!
