When a friend is speaking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
is looking forward to all the new beats that came out of ultra 2012 should be some goodies!
My co-worker spoke to BLS this morning.
ahh! I see. Yes nightside keeps me tucked in much later than that!
Hey and I saw one of your parking enforcement officers speeding and running lights KstNE between N Cap and 8NE. DC6772. 10:20pm
Is it me or can you feel ALL the positive energy in the world Thu-Sat? Sunday is eh but it leads to the dreaded Monday.
Well it's official, I just finalized the purchase of 130K shares of News Corp. Stock at $13.67 per share! Doing it again next month too!
RT ": Kevin Garnett: "We're not dirty, we're firm. We play aggressive, but we're not dirty." #Celtics #Hawks #NBAPlayoffs"
MY BROTHER DIRTY !!!!!! L M F A O . Ole nasty ass.
Analysis paralysis: Don’t let endless analysis get in the way of getting things done. True innovation is the result of action.
What has been your benefit of using Linkedin?
Words With Friends is being skeezy today.
#MyNextBoo would have to be from
My grandparents are out dancing with friends and I'm watching tv in my pajamas on New Years.
75 and sunny here in SoCal today. It's why I love living here. Grand Rapids was a great place to grow up though.
Were have friday after school YMCA football games been this year?
This #CP3 trade is a mess. The #NBA really stuck their neck out on this one.
I am not worthy to cover Gerard.
he started it!
Today is a new day!
No more physics tests yayayayayaya
#69Factsaboutme 36. I love summer because I can swim!
5pm today 1st #sxsw performance open to the public w/ and more.
": We can still be friends" is like saying, "The dog died but we can keep it"."
Shout out to all my new followers.
laying down vibing ,and precious wss trippen on me last night smh
that's realy cute!
#Gratitude: fresh haircut, veggie pizza, looney friends, out for drinks, memories of being young and foolish, being older and more centered.
yeah version 2 will be a whole mess of new girls I've been working with all exclusive and all original
Happy Thursday!!! RT : Hey, hey Everyone! Happy it is Thursday!
course its me!!! who else would it b?! sure as hell not that stalker dude from skool...
Work went by so quickly!! Now time 4 bed
#askanything: Strawberry Shake or Chocolate Shake?
I miss your lips on mine.
Good morning! It’s a slow news day in New York -- the Tribune’s headline: “STATEN ISLAND VILLAGE TERRORIZED BY MAD DOG”
I love when someone kisses you and you get chills down your body.
Dancing with the Stars recap: Elimination dance duel adds drama
to host Block Party AFTER PARTY 5.19.12. All Block party donors with wristbands in FREE. #DjsforObama”
Passed by a jogger in a t-shirt: "pain is weakness leaving the body." Absurdity (and US Marine propaganda) at its best.
Space mountain bitches !!!
Max gets to hang with Auntie ALL DAY!!!!! I'm jelly!!!! Love you both!! Xx
Fuck A Duck... It's BREAKFAST. I HATE Mickey D's Breakfast... Guess it's a sign from that I don't eat tonight. Where's Meisha at?
About to start packing shoeboxes for OCC!! Whoot whoot!! This will be awesome!!
There's a line forming at Wegmans to get sausage & bacon.
let us stay young or let us live forever
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
If you suddenly had the power to read minds, who would you choose to read first?
Aw, thanks for the #FF! :-D
I'm black cherokee mexican and native indian american
PhotographersRetaliate:BLACK FRIDAY Shadows can't be only thing that breathes life into a subject Celebrate Tuxedos Only
what r they saying to u....?
Good choices! We embrace the timeless classics too
sweet sweet popcorn tasty
none :O
Got the last available cardio machine at the Hilron fitness center & it's only 5:30! #iug2011 folks r really dedicated!
travoltas attorney denies that his client groped and exposed himself to the masseurs that are suing him. Im no lawyer, but thats a good move
oh ok what flavor? I have strawberry,chocolate,vanilla,or cookies & cream
the Ugandan teacher is a tech teacher (but teaches at a school with no running water and just solar power) HS age
good pump fake lebron,,
She could love you good, but I could love you bettaaaa😘
Heading to the stadium. We'll be in Va. Beach shortly
FUCK Y'ALL PHARRELL IS MINE!
Glee: Jersey Shore Edition staring Justin Bieber, LeBron James and Oprah as the Chilean Miners
A #ww18 goodie bag! My annual shirt and a copy of New Shoes on a Dead Horse by , courtesy of Thank you, Russ!
thanks...he's so full of himself!
Proud day to be an American.
the video editing has begun.
OMFG I CANT BELIVE IS GOING TO MOVE TO FLORIDA AHAHHAHHA I GO THERE A LOT GOING TO MEET HIM CANT WAIT <3 HIM AND SUPPORT HIM
There's the Jean Paul Gaultier retrospective at the de Young - it was really cool.
Governor declares state of emergency as Irene approaches. Forecast for weekend: 30% chance of rain.They can't both be right.
Beliebers are such creepers sometimes . . . like, I'm so proud. =')
We're gonna hafta. We must reminisce over drivers Ed.
hey dog, they're showing one of yr movies on the Brazilian channel, O Globo.
bouta wash my hair!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Pull a Rick Flair, nice“ FSU has to win the ACC b4 leaving, Take the trophy, drop it in a trashcan, & announce intent to leave"
how did it hold up?
man,I watch your reviews all the time.. You're badass! Watching V for Vendetta Now after your review! T2 next!
Twitterhea: The Unstoppable Urge to Tweet
Why do I even bother? *washes handz*
yes i did !
Saga's great!
I can't stand when men act like dead beat husbands & boyfriends.. We should be ashamed when we act like that.
Taking Books finally done. I mean there's plenty more years, but I'd like to finish my dissertation before the heat death of the universe.
I feel your pain... You can do it!
Great my day is ruined
Doesn't look he was bf material. Or maybe I such at this. :-/
Had an awesome time playing the emerald coast songwriter's festival in Destin, FL this week! Now back to Nashvegas!
lol. I would love to.
It's official - Dolphins will draft a QB and go to camp with Matt Moore, Garrard and Rookie - And oh yeah, no one to throw to.......
cause on a clock, the number 12 is higher then the number 1. get it?
I think it was a pretty successful night
why is it so hard to find the right music on all those digital stores?!?! missing dancerecords.com...
Oh thank goodness. Rigsby is still alive.
tell her you know a girl named Jama thats gonna come beat the pee out of her if she dont quit. Idiot.
All you people who had fits of laughter during New Years Eve should feel terrible. *looks down in shame*
When it comes dont dick eat
For the record, as a not #vikings fan, I'm glad the stadium bill passed. wish the racino plan went through but that's just the Sconnie in me
thank you so much! A lot is riding on it. How are you?
always nice to see you! RT : Just got my hair done at I feel like a supermodel, thanks Brittney!
so fucking sick of everything
good job in the irony with the mixer placement! LOL
Some of the hardest working people I know haven't the time to sit in theaters either! 😉
Traveling to Knoxville today by train, bus, plane and automobile! Glad it's nice weather!
Plz help us RT #teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom.. Plz help us make this happen
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Bacon RT : Charlotte's Bacon.
Occupiers marching down 23rd right now, making 23rd only marginally louder than usual. Woot!
The MTA condemns comma splices
and you! You seem really laid back :)
Great Job Ricardo
Spent Mother's day with great moms today; both at baseball then grilling out with mom, my sis, Meliss & family
Hope your interview went well!
I am not afraid to die. I am terrified of life.
seriously Mike?..us ranger fans dont care about how John treats you leeches? He's doesnt like you guys but he loves his team
Today rocked a little less hard than yesterday, but only because yesterday was COMPLETELY MADE OF WIN. Any day would suffer by comparison.
lol most likely yes. I have to let you know if its a forsure thing though :) but il be spending the rest of that day with you
Who else is hooked on #Minecraft for #Xbox360?
W.bbvacompass.com/ontour NBA in ABQ. Let me know for VIP access
You could see the gears turning in Edwards head when his father was telling him not to jump.
Wooohooooo my birthday day is in 4hr WHAT NOW!!!!!!
I have not seen a field goal blocked in a long time.
Dear oneonta, it's 630 in the morning. Stop with the crazy noises. I need sleep.
I feel at ease when I'm chilling with my mom .
Just walked to Gentlemen Jim.. Free pizza at happy hour.. Cheers!
Pressure's on! You won't be disappointed RT I think this will be even better than last yrs. Psyched.
Call me
Want to offer your customers telecom solutions? We have a fantastic deal that gives our channel partners 100% of the profit! Reply for info.
Tariq used to be itty bitty!! he was too busy chasing around ! (;
Thanks Facebook for running many folks day with the surprise announcement that all pages are being converted to timeline views
Out of 175 2012 presidential candidates, I am the only creating opportunity and jobs right now www.bruzzesiforpres.com
depends if I do go I might fall asleep from being sleep deprived.. Now stop replying cause I need to go to bed
M.. I might just take my blanket to school. It's that cold. Yet I refuse to shut my window(:
Yesterday was a great day 😊
need a someoone for a video shoot ill be in atl the 9th -16th of april
did u use a template?
A friend is looking for a resume writer, any leads?
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
Lavar Johnson has some mean uppercuts
yes! and its some song from the '70s and REALLY LOUD.
So much to do. Procrastination sucks, but not as much as actually doing the things you were saving for later.
break a leg!
Is that like buying your wife a vacuum cleaner? But with reversed gender roles?
Hey! Just on-demand for right now. :)
Knicks ain't got no hope
in my mind, nope(:
Friday = The Lucky One
Finally seeing the hunger games!
If you think somebody close to you is having mental impairment, use interests and passion to get them reinterested in what they enjoy
don't even start with that lol
Haven't heard Waking Dreams yet? Want to? You can hear all the tracks at www.chrisdingman.bandcamp.com
that's cool. Haden needs to stay away from there. And the Barley House lol. Seems like he's always there.
Haha! I'll see what I can do :)
I just met some Guardian Angels at a Max stop. Odd!
idk what i dis but ok.
"I Want You Back"
tweets I collected from January 25 till March 1
A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself
Everyone has a story. Child Sexual Abuse is not a new story by itself. What is your outcome. How has your story impacted you?
me too! Listen for a honk out front! Haha
So I have to go to crew instead of watch the #Giants game..... I think I might cry!
I wanna find a cute & funny
la la la laura! i miss you! x
Crossfit once again kicked my butt.
On the road to Philly -wow the weather is amazing! See you soon !
See that's why I can't fuck wit commentators.... Don't ever compare Allen Iverson to Andre Uglidala
Work hard from sun up to sun down. I just can't get enough of this!
that's not a bad shot, looking back
hay things are a little better today
oh man, me too!!
well..for a fart...it smelled pretty good. :P
Im starting to think oomf's page is more like spam...ggsssh
i still give certain ppl the time of day when i know they don't deserve it.. but u know, Karma's my wing woman & she does one heck of a job.
ready to see on 106&park on wednesday :D
Reunited and it feels so good jajaja :)
I'm speaking at the Sacramento Pub Library this Sunday (main branch). Topic: Using the NEHGS Site Like a Pro. 1:30, free to the public.
RT Pavel Datsyuk, David Backes and Patrice Bergeron have been named finalists for the Selke Trophy, best defensive forward
I want some subway
Still collecting #money for the project "Miss Texas" to be the best it can be.Contact me!
Great turnout tonight! Wake Forest, under President Hatch's leadership, has a real commitment to service!
woah! I've never seen a garbage truck like that!
you bitches working tmrw??!
Im lmfaooo at Chiquitaa ass during the first half cap rehearsal lmfaoo I look soo retarted right now
Matthew Broderick and Kelli O'Hara! I live in NY and would LOVE to see the show!
#photoshop #cs6 has autosave!!! WAY COOL!! The background save function pretty cool too!
Yes, gents. Your dulcet tones can occasionally be heard here in Seattle!!! Hope you're both well. Come visit!
my favorite orlando nightclub
This is exactly how I feel. Additionally, I have a hard time helping myself so how can I help others?
Congrats again. The picture on Facebook of you and the Lila is great. Proud papa, for sure. Enjoy it.
The music industry is currently irked by an article published n PC Mag listing alternative P2P services n the wake of the LimeWire shutdown.
Big hit- love the Hazelnut! When you get a minute, would like to talk with you about some ideas-
RT : y do U have 2 follow me 4 me 2 DM U? That's stupid. If U follow me, U shld be able 2 DM me, my actions irrelevant. => Agreed!
Feel better soon! RT : AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thx guys so much been sick w/ the flu this making my day
Rec'd msgs regarding an open HRIS Analyst/Associate position to fill in Richmond, VA. If that is your expertise, drop me a line!
Lmfao nighas is pathetic its funny how when i dont do what u want me to do im a dirty slut and i have billions of psychological problems
Time to start cooking a big ass ham & I don't mean
did u have this problem? We have a trademark on the name say-n-play for educational software so am hoping we r covered!
That was lame! You couldn't even see the strike zone!
If you head out of town for a weekend vacation, do you usually post your whereabouts online?
Last tweet via - Thanks for that great inspiration!
Drinking red powerade on break was probably a bad idea.... #MyMouthIsRed -_____-
Great article. See "the illusion of truth" heuristic.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. -- George Moore
oh ok
Just hit 500 followers. You all should sign up to our email list so you can stay up to date and have a chance to win the cool prizes :)
Ok Meek set this mix tape off on this intro...I love this niggas rambling ass flow
Thanks for the #FF love Jamie!
We laugh so hard snot comes out
how much would you charge for being his date doctor
The Bellmen have yet another show in the works for
so i can help i guess and because i'm just really excited LOLOLOL
Just talking with my dad about that. What a rip. Arby over priced
Uumm .. 2 my knowledge, I NEVER followed you! Never saw you in my followers list either.
All is well! How are you? Carrying on the day market research and campaigns for the holidays. Yes, are great!
RT : GREAT times is chorus. :DD Feeling Dizzy!!!!! lol
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
Grow big in Boulder with petite vegetables
I always tweet pics
Want a free COMP bottle tomorrow nite 4 #ClosetSundays Hot & Haunted #Halloween Party w/ Live? Follow & RT to WIN!
Loyalty Over Royalty
“: THIS ♥.♥ RT : russell brand is so attractive” Pretty much.
Thank you! So excited to go back to again!
Members of the Team & Chicago Area project are talking about experiences in community activities & advocacy.
Thank you for the beautiful pic of our showroom!
hey you're really cute (:
even more pink hair :)
RT this if you'll be at our Step Up to Double Rebate day today! We'll be here until 8pm!
it was pretty humid here too - surprisingly so. I came in about a minute earlier than my "plan," so I was really pleased!
Subtweets aren't always about who you think they are.
Received the Scarecrow 2009 allocation $250 per bottle sold in a three pack case.
I'm in a Twitter slump. I've lost 9 followers in a week and can't even get a porn bot or Russian to follow me.
Just like you.
its cold as fuck outside
Agreed! Very awesome tune in the oven.... cooking up quite nicely!
Location mentioned in a student story: "Statin Island." No cholesterol problems there.
Bout to see the avengers with
I don't like it when people swap last n in my name 4 a t. Don't want to be taken for Larry's son. Rather be Errol's grandson.
“What doesn’t kill you makes you smaller.” ~Mario
Err, best... Yeah, someone was up until 3-ish for no particular reason save some fun research.
thanks for following Leo!
: that sight of the blues lifting the trophy makes me proud to be a manc..... a proper manc...
what thing????
that sounds rather sarcastic.. :(
#EADrevision so what did y'all eliminate? Your devoted fans await specifics.
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice.
I am at the gym.
Really, really enjoyed your kids - and appreciate their "speaking up" when addressing these "not so great anymore" ears.
Only on Twitter could I feel good about being a girl's 1,500th...
hotel bathrooms do, sometimes.
still nothing. Contact She said she has pix and a story. Let me know!
Free, fun, safe, & #green ride for evening entertainment & events in Downtown #Austin. The most memorable, cost-effective #marketing option!
going to rhawnhurst today. meeting new people<3 should be a lot of fun. hit me up :D
Happy National Teacher Day!
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - recommends #vonmises book "Human Action" as best economic reading - hard read, but excellent.
Goin to see the Avengers!!!
.gonna hit Universal (:
Thank you, sweetie. I'm a lucky lady, that's for sure.
Good Morning Sunshine <3 Don't allow anyone or anything to steal your day! Own, Live & Love it to the best of your ability~ Monday's Mine!!
Stephanie's Ponytail by Robert Munsch: Bald Kids Learn Valuable Lesson...
cors ya will. You are a MIlF and u will continue to be a MIlF after jackson
haay Tori:) P.E was fun in 6th grade with you and everyone else haa!
2 more days until I'm back in the studio gonna cut the vocals for my two new songs!
YOU be the agent for change!
just pinched the mic chord and released, then a whole bunch of jokes came out a once
Regardless of crap beer being served, I'm stoked to see tomorrow. Thanks for bringing it to town!
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout Who your latest flavor of the week is!!
This storm is amazing!!
between the chocolate & mello yello i've had this morning, sitting still & focusing is now proving to be problematic :)
hey :D make sure you but LOVE ME on Itunes ! (: NOW ! <3
Media/podcast support is an area where apps seem to be better than the Reader website.
Thank you Jill... Have a great day as well!!! -Jerry
Some Bull lol
I have an opportunity for a full time temp office position $10/hr for a couple of months beginning 4/23. Let me know if you know of anyone.
Rain rain go away come again NEVER! Especially when I'm suppose to ride a 30 something mile bike trail!
GOP mantra: bankrupt China and bomb the Middle East off the face of the earth.
I'm waving too!!!!
got 3 fancy office chairs today and they came with 4 pieces of candy. i ate them all.
Think skinny!
Awe... how creepy. A) I dig your enthusiasm. And, B) I'm just trying to keep the mystery alive.
Glad to hear so many of u are making the trip from out of town to get the HOB show. You guys are really incredible!! 9 days left!
I know! It's my favorite day too..... But you are here in spirit! :)
Now time to rest and get ready for Monday.
aww, I'll especially miss you guys! But we'll still have our usual glee recaps on Facebook haha
The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of life is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The beauty of life is to give.
Nothing quite as enjoyable as a server inexplicably crashing.
#ROC Stop into our shelter on this beautiful saturday and visit all of our animals available for #adoption!
I used to office w/u@ wild basin(Fluid Innovation) I'm launching a new product-wondering if you'd be open to lunch when back in Austin
It's so cool!
getting pages blocked by fire host protection...
Wow going through the people that I follow! What an amazing group you are!
Excited to see tonight with my two favorite men.
Getting back on my feet
I really don't see how Britney Spears still has a singing career
She sez bolding things, making indentation less in-line/more varied, break lines, etc = harder to gloss over w/o seeing the info
wait we are singing o.O I thought we were just watching
Odd commercial from Chipotle featuring Coldplay's The Scientist.
Why do Fox Hosts ask guests "What does Obama need to do to get re-elected or raise his poles" do they want him to Win?
Attention: do NOT POST OR RT A TWEET WITH THE "N" in ANY FORM! You will be blocked. This is a PMA zone! We're VERY serious about this!!
yep yep 15 minutes
Thank you for the mention!
I want to introduce you to a youngman wes. A kid I'm now working with
Seeing #Contagion tonight...
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3TEET ME ! :D
Hi how are you
Go Pacers! The West is rooting for you.
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women
I really thing hiccups are something we should be researching! They don't make no sense.
update US, that is
was the krackenon your tout wars team?
RT : This movie ought to work 60% of the time, every time.
Just BE yourself. It's the best YOU you can ever be. And there is and will be only one.
congrats! :-D
#Contruction on the #LagoVista Police Station building is coming along well! Just went to the site. Looks great!
announced as inaugural and major sponsor of
- anyone got idea for a cool name for the contest ?
That's because is turtles all the way down
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Pig racing is showing on Sky Sports News. Not kidding.
Thanks Barbie, glad you liked it = )
The last time I was in Dallas they just started construction on the stadium.
Presentation is a way of life in Real Estate. Buyers in todays market look for good presentation many basing their final decisions on it.
So excited - my Rose bag is set to arrive on Monday! Cannot wait to put my new Nikon D70S inside :):):)
Follow the members! and
check out right now live on www.rappinlounge.com get ya chat and network on !!!
Hey our favorite followers Remember tweetup and menu unveiling tomorrow!
Many in Congress interested in exploring value added tax, CBO's Elmendorf said today
America&#39;s Next Top Model Controversy: Five Possible Reasons Behind the Cast Shakeup
Saturday September 26 Jessie Brown Band tickets are $7
Lets Go Heat ...
Nice. Won't be long until you're managing cloud client hardware resulting from the Wyse acquisition.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
;) thank's 4 the follow xD
true... It's good to see some positive words
the other white meat?
if i could forget you then i would snap my fingers and get my wish but sadly it doesnt work like that
Thanks Jeff, yep really happy these last few days. Caught us by surprise :-) //cc and
Not talking to you kills me :(
"She didn't know it couldn't be done, so she went ahead and did it." Mary S. Almanac
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!! thanks so muchchhhh
N4S Motorsports Contest: Check out our Facebook page for more info.
Inter Partes => Made between two parties
Me too....been waitin' a lot of years to be legitamately Dopey!
give me.
chocolate chip pancakes & mod sun >>>
Pick me ! Who else would play off pity for the death of their grandmother for Super Bowl tickets? Shows real dedication!
Watching Taylor Swift : Journey To Fearless <3
Thanks, Leslie! Are you into Emotobooks?
Bought a Flip Video Camera! Already have 2 videos uploaded to my youtube
What is being done to preserve data created during research? What data can be searched?
i bet your ass is jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth
Dear whoever who's reading this don't forget to smile today. :) x
These types of injuries are extremely serious for NFL players. He may never be the same.
Octopus Monday trivia question: What Animal was featured on the Rock Boat VII poster?
Thanks 4 the add , u should check out
Hello Greyson. Stopping by to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care and best wishes always.
#John is still my go to track to get the day started
break a leg with your #confoo talk
On following your interests vs talents: There's a word for something you enjoy doing that you're not very good at. It's called a "hobby".
Januuary 29th is coming fast get your tickets now www.rocktagonmma.com
i know! i would rather carry my own than deal with that, lol!
I feel like I'm incomplete when he isn't with me </3
fuck em win or lose the nuggets showed they aint fuckin around
Indigo is very excited to introduce N4, our newest luxury paraben,sulfate, and cruety free line from Newport!
Rose knowingly violated a baseball rule whose penalty has always been a HOF ban. Honestly, why is this even being discussed?
research underway could one day enable Supersonic travel over US (without sonic booms) for first time in 50 years.
Juarez is the greatest political leader North America has ever known.
thanx boo all love :-) thanks for coming
Gossip gossip gossip. That's all I hear nowadays.
This Potbelly sandwich line in Rock Center is out of control. And yet I am in it.
HUngry for some McDonalds!!!!!!!
yeah, I felt pretty uncomfortable with her just staring at me...
TAPS blow out! I win for biggest plate EvEr!!! "not knowin what 2+2..."
editing a pic
Miss you too buddy! Enjoying some R&R in SouthEast FL. Keep up the good work brother! Off to Captiva Island 2morrow.
Nobody Will Ever Change You Know Why? Cuz He's Perfect Just The Way He Is❤
bed time for mi now
Have I ever told you that the way you say 'gross' makes me laugh? Every time. Never fails.
Hello everyone!
coming up now..ur welcome
same here! My sweat glands are always on some other shit lol
Will take as a compliment :) RT : You have my goid friend and his firm mixed up with ours
RT "Change is a death threat to the brain"- Jaimie Cloud
I'm watching it on netflix haha
Always trust your heart because every beat is telling you something
: So far me and , but as folks show interest we can definitely arrange rides!
Happy 4th of July! Celebrate by going out in Style with the Green Goblin from OKC Party Bus!
Going to have to climb our balcony because locked me out while I was at the gym...
ouch. tough loss.
Chokin' my way thru a crowd of cougars on a smoke break. Whose pants are too tight and shirts cut too low? Not mine, but I think you know.
Props to you and Robby for introducing us to Diddy Riese. That place is AMAZING
I've learned to just admit that this is in fact a nap and not work.
Switching back and forth b/w the mac and windows O.S. is so challenging to me. Simply cutting and pasting is frustrating as the day is long!
Anthony Robles the one legged wrestler from Arizona state just won the NCAA national championship. Wow. Nothing is impossible.
Watch the replay.
Zillow? I use Loopnet and CoStar for commercial sales. They may do residential. Much better if you pay a subscription.
thank you
Went oil painting at Fisherman's Terminal today (3rd oil ever). I would not say I'm competent yet, but I'm solidly past disastrous.
i tweeted to you but forgot the and btw, chuck is a jerk.
np. N I havent yet got a chance to talk to u. But im really sorry about ur Dad. But u Krupal n ur mom r in my prayers.
#YourGameIsWeak if you fuckin ugly fat bitches
Next time you see me, just STHU
Good morning everyone 😉
Hauptfeld states that SDCC doesn't need to reinvent the wheel. Cut bureaucracy and the community will flourish
No !!! “: New York Giants topple the SF 20-17 in OT for the NFC title. ”
Just passed the music store that bought her first guitar at. \m/
Uh Oh.......666 Followers
This DC cab smells like cat food.
Good news, deserves a raise after last season!
Wanted to say what an amazing round you did at the Rutledge last week! Loved it! Beautiful music:) Congrats on the new cut!!
What you're doing is incredible and inspiring. Way to go. Rock out!
RT : Today! RT : Looking for work? Job fair 10 am-2 pm, Commons at Green Bay. 50+ employers expected.
I wanna go to Tahiti!
Thanks for following me, again!
im not gettin off ok
#mydivorcesong Party in the USA
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS NEW LOOK BEGINS TODAY!! TWO PROJECTOR SCREENS HAVE BEEN ADDED FOR LIVE VIDEO MIXING!!
Get 20% off all gift certificates through December. Schedule today to receive 30% off your massage!
The spam messages on Twitter are more annoying than FarmVille requests on Facebook..
: : EVERYONE SHOUTOUT TODAY!! IT's HIS BDAY!! HE IS 17!!
If we add Bennett as expected...hang #9!!!
Limitations live only in our minds but if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
Kit Kat's are soo amazing. Although, I like to eat them in layers .. very strategically like an oreo cookie
At Quest Software Partner Circle
Y'all are so talented!!
i wish i could go :( but its ok. cuz no matter what i will always support you! <3
We are looking for writers for upcoming issues of , email with writing samples/resume, good luck!
Yup, first ever, eek! I'm both nervous and excited. Hopefully I'll have enough energy. I'm not a morning person!
need to share some of his bitches lol
hubby stares at me carrying three wine bottles to the recycling " I dont have a problem! alright!" hubby laughs =}
My heart is heavy .
I want a white girl with a black girl body.
*sighs too* It IS perfect.
Why is John King CNN giving Demint a free pass to spout uncontested, radical views
putting newbies through #socialmediabootcamp. GO !
What would be a good onigiri stuffing? I'm committee to making fancy lunches this week
had similar encounter last week w/7 and 9 yo. "N word" is "Nerd" and "F" word was "fart";wonder how long this will last
Me too. My Dr-Mechanic-Nail girl.I told the nail girl once. "You're the longest relationship I've ever had, 10 yrs" LOL
Two words. ...Scary Movie.... If u forgot...watch it NOW!!
Expected take off is now 4:30. We'll see... This farm girl says repairs always take longer than you initially think.
Oh I'll go to Madonna! Way to soon to commit though.
Submission deadline has been extended to 14 April 2011. See also www.epart-confernce.org.
My boyfriend is so into MIOBI . (:
We regret to inform you that we had to back out of The Break Contest. We have a lot of big things coming soon though so stay tuned!
aha! Great to understand the origin of an idea and how it transferred. Reminds me of what I read in inGenius.
Great work! I love the design, but the links don't work~ if you want , we can look at it in class?
I think im burnt to a crisp after being outside all day. uh oh
RT If you love someone, let them figure it out... If you push to hard you might push them right out of your life!
Oh, man. Guess that explains the headaches, loss of cogitative ability, funny looks.
The Argos are world famous brother!
kahne finds that youth who participate in online communities have higher levels of civic engagement.
2 wk countdown to find a summer job. Super-stress activate.
I get them too.
Titans only have 28.1 million under cap Broncos at 44.7 million
yup, that's how some of my kids treat me. I guess the key is assertiveness though that had never been a strong suit
It's so pretty outside ♥
Thanks! That is so good to hear!
Massive. RT : I feel like there's a huge discrepancy between what people want and what people SAY they want.
leg really hurts right now
Going to the Wizard's Ball in full costume with I tried for steampunk, but it's more "Dr Quinn, Town Doxy."
The cause cannot always be the company; instead, it must also be manager's pursuit of their own values within the company.
Betsy Johnson is going out of business. Time to buy everything.
Four Southeast Housing Markets Among Worst in US
To achieve success, whatever the job we have, we must pay a price.Vince Lombardi
Stay tuned for very aggressive Shin Do Kumate' Muay Thai fight campaign in 2012.
thanks. hakhsjhsjs i want tacos now.
Netflix all night
remember that we have 90% employment and over 90% of people are making their house payments on time, GLASS IS HALF FULL !!!
On behalf of all we would like to thank the Jr. League of Baton Rouge for their generous gift & our new booth display!
Did it involve cooking the most chemically pure meth in New Mexico?
Conservatism out the window in this 2012 Republican Primary. I would be shocked if Santorum or Gingrich revived there campaigns
hanging out
New fav: "this is going to take a while"
Carla is going down tonight!
morning all #TGIF we made it
Looking at the Angel Tree wishing I could take care of every kids' need...let's all try to do our part this year!
Best way to watch Melancholia: on a turbulent plane ride from Detroit to LA.
NEXT YEAR FOR SURE!!!!! .. Thanks for being a #UFL and #Nighthawks supporter!
thanks! teva & isabel miss you. they're being watched by "the bad lady" in your absence.
I guess. I'd rather just attach something like a Boxee or Apple TV or Xbox with Kinect and use those. More upgradeable.
I LOVE PSYCHO!♥
listening on my way to a fish fry
I fully support this Soul pilgrimage to WeHo
Just found out is signing at the wal mart in Plano today. Guess what? I can't go. Fml. :/
I knew you would! If I ever get a dog, I will go to the ends of the earth to adopt a shiba inu!
Nite everyone! Sweet dreams. :)
does this mean you're going to stop in Madison and visit!?!?
haha you and dave are so cuuttee<3 love you guys:)
If you could change one big thing about the world what would that be? What kind of film could you make about it to inspire others?
Haven't felt this much pain in a very very long time.... Come on meds & kick in quick.
Do you mean what can be *in* milk powder? Because I'm pretty sure milk powder is made primarily of milk by definition.
have you heard?! jane is on pinterest! follow our boards to see what is new and what inspires us!! xo
:) that's good! No, it doesn't start for another hour and a half, so just looking over papers. Haha
Um pertaining to last tweet who put Rick on my fb
The greatest monarch, on the proudest throne is still obliged to sit upon his own arse
Achieved my dream of a double Decker fire tonight
Celtics lead the series 3-0 and look for the SWEEP Sunday
Me:Mom! The computer is not working! Mom:Okay, just a minute. Me:I don't have a minute, it's 10:45!
just got finish watching Shameless that show gets better every episode
ha...sorry, never heard of it. Wonder if it's good enough to fill the void of Rescue Me
There seems to always be a wrinkle in real estate deals these days. I'm thinking of bringing back gabardine.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling. -- Margaret B. Runbeck
Just finished great meeting w/ impressive Montgomery County Commish sharing #BestPractice &
thanks for posting!
What use is signing Matt Garza to a large contract? He's 28. The Cubs won't be competitive (reality) for 3-4 years.
it sucks :c
playing with , , , Please Dont Eat My Friends, Full Void, Patina, Out of Your League, @
Horse time!
#idol - slow start but intense with decent vocals for Skylar.
My nephew just got a whooping
follow me cause I love you
If Dale Sveum re Sally just asked Starlin Castro to bunt, his ass should be fired tonight.
woke up this morning I feel good as fuck
player of the game Ryan Lindley!!
Y'all upset that #49ers lost !
WHAT THE FUCK.
Just made it back from the OVC game and we won! Go Eagles! 3 p.m. tomorrow = downtown Nashville again then OVC @ 8:00 p.m
anything for you Alex:)
We might have the most awesome college president of all time. He brought a gun to chapel.
you're so god damn confusing
I'm in desperate need for two lemons. This sinus cold is drop kicking me dramatically...
Heheh,it's bye Friday for you. Hahaha
My door was closed when you came in, don't walk off and leave it open. -__-
no we just like helicopters
did you ship my camping chair to Charles as well?
Ehhh different type of shows
hahahahaha! That's a bad hit mang.. Have you seen these gas prices!? The blunt rides must come to an end my friend
yeah.. I think only about you. You're a inspiration for me. You let me follow my own dreams. Thank you so mutch!
just met . sweetest guy ever. getting milkshakes with him later :)
jerel worthy. Most packers fans have seen what he's capable of in big10 play.
Any idea what is going on this weekend for Cinco De Mayo?
Thank you!
AGDYon RADAR this week....
how is it that you continue to rock??
hey there ✋
Researching a story and now the internet thinks I'm gay, which is fine, but. I miss the ads for motorcycle helmets
Wise words from a decent man
drunk much?
ok, new favorite quote: "Clients are not paying you for the hours you work, but for the years of knowledge you have"
win! so glad you guys are having a great time. :)
YESTERDAY I SAID I <3 YU....TODAY IM SAYING I WISH I NEVER MET YU....
please help me with this cwaappp:'((((
ut oh. had a birthday party. and then we all turned into sunday night wolves.
I know, mine might explode when it hits 9pm!!! AAAGH :L
girly!! Just do the birthday party on Friday then come to riverboat with us sat! lol. we all need to go out soon! love ya.Xo
when i have my #Showerflows my bathroom turns into a stemroom.
I got racks, on racks, on racks. <3
#Broncos are about the pick a DT, right? Or do they just continue to trade down until they own every pick in the 6th round?
We are having a seedling sale in San Francisco this Sunday more info soon
Thanks so much, Steve!
Not at all! Glad to be a part of it!
dont feel like it so i guess imma be hungry
aww, miss you. Hope you'll be joining , and I in the Wisconsin tomfoolery this August.
Time to chill and have a drink my husband and kids wore me out cooking cleaning homework washing dad Dee clothes I deserve it but I love it!
In #WizardsOfWeverlyPlace, she has a lot of style, my favourite one is, the dress with, a leopard (kitty) in her shoulder :)
I love and miss you too!! And everythings fine how are you? You should text me sometime! :)
Thanks to all who voted for me, but I was not elected to the 2014 Caldecott Committee. (Sad face.) Next time...
By the tweeting of my thumbs, Rick Santorum this way comes.
saints v. packers should be playing ;)
just got my twitter
have a awsome show, i will be watching even thought im recording it too lol but im in pain (sprained wrist)but im watching
How about potential back story if Green Bay wins tomorrow ....Smith v Rodgers!! GO PACK!!!
someone tell me why i like him?! /:
Google Blogger Team rocks! They took down the pirate who stole my blog. Thanks, man.
Gen. Cartwright: Challenges are far beyond nation state at this point. Need to think about problems more holistically
so with you on the UP, but I'm thinking waiting for a future version might be better?
IKR!! DAMN YOU HILL!!!
you ask me.I'd keep Leo in the set-up role put Hensley as well as Alex in the rotation and get a B-class closer.Vol can't cut it
I thought only the papers used folks real names!
Likewise. Full posts make me happy :-)
#PeopleThatAngerMe The Worlds Oldest Man.....
Omg its cold! Brrrr
Facebook feeds not working for me. Shows authorized from within Facebook, doesn't show up in tweetdeck.
With her brain she could make the honor roll.
its looking doubtful
yeah try living here lol
Why is "(blank) Will Change Your Life" always understood to be an appealing assertion?
Nice! I've been curious about The Glass Castle ...
with the ko of the night for sure!!!!
Servers coming to stand by the broiler when it's busy b/c they are cold in the dining room
Monkey in the office
Goat. It's what's for lunch. Apparently.
I'm about to hit 200 followers!!! How about some Twitter LOVE to get me there?
“: I'd like to kidnap Scorsese and just listen to him talk about film for a few weeks. Never gets old.” I'll help.
"Conspicuous gallantry." What most men wouldn't give to have those two words associated with their name.
Pre game speech in miracle gives me chills every time
Zing! RT Yeah, but this is Texas. Getting gas is basically buying local.
Commissioner Liz Rogan
Going to be honest-- doesn't feel like the postseason when Detroit is first team out. Success of that organization is unparalleled.
thank you.... Someone nominated me... The Mayor will be inducting me on Wed at PHS.. Trying to represent ... It is a true honor
lol ok cool I'm just excited today tweeting all my followers but I'll leave u alone
We're only two weeks away from the #2012SilverSpoonAwards!!! Do you have your tickets yet??!!
I wish, I got homework to finish :p, oh wells, goodnight ^_^
for all those naysayers who says i would never shoot a #hump film, today i proved them wrong.
play a joke on him and $ay Im dne.with dudes I like girls lol
Thanks to and for the kind mentions yesterday!
High ass nivgas on the streets always asking me for money does it look like i have money ugh
Only "job-killing regulations"? I thought you were aiming for "job-killing gas tax" to be more popular.
Hey, what were your favorite shows growing up? Hey Arnold was the best lol
But terrible real life friends.
Good Morning Colorado. We would like to inform you that we are hiring a full-time copier repair tech. Email resume to
What a great day in Austin Texas Keep it great by eating healthy real fresh food made by hand Not fast food in a pouch or box. SERIOUSLY!!
#InSchool thinking about hella shyt, #This class right now <
I know! I'm trying to figure out what to wear!
Accident I-15 south at Charleston. Delays to Washington
#DC unfortunately, the had to close tonight b/c of a gas leak. We're looking at rescheduling. Arlington FIT is still on.
Patrick Renner a Houston based sculptor/artist built a music box that mounts on telephone poles and plays the nails and staples left there
:(((( thats what makes you cute ! Lol
- I truly appreciate your follow. Your spirit is as beautiful as you & your amazing voice are. You are a humble gem. :) :)
Haha cheers bud
Please RT Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
One More day~ unless you are lucky enough to go to the midnight show!
Good season Tebow, no one expected anything out of you. But lakers clippers are on now. So shhh
Realizing how much you really like someone >
Work is such a drag!
Working with people I admire and idols of mine in the audience... I will never not be starstruck. Another blessed opportunity tonight.
Truly phenomenal experiences and people #everywhere!!! Look around you!
peace Im out!:D
Thank you for the support!
Good to see you on Twitter! (Now send me some mediations... ) ;o)
If there are similar products to what you offer, show why your product is THE solution.
I'm the broker selling 'WingSauce.com' Interested in acquiring this great domain name? It is priced very low!
Got our 1st unfollow....that hurt
I got Court on this one!
DUSTIN. GET YOUR TRUCK AND COME GET US. WERE GONNA OUTRUN THIS BITCH
Dr. Agyepong and others win Entrepreneur Awards 2011
so beautiful i cried the whole time they were PERFECT fndsjkfndsk
Thanks so much!! Ya it was great!!…what is five towns?!! =)
“: Who's going to the game tonite!? #Ranch vs #Vista #Elite8” 9NEWS WILL BE THERE!
About to watch the 2 hour #desperatehousewives finale, stupid living in the UK and having to wait another day, z.
thanks bruh you'll be soon no doubt
Haven't watched last night's Hawaii 5-0 yet. Sounds like it was good.
Hey Facebook friends!!!!! we have $225 dollar ounces any strain mix and mach come in and see us!!!!!!! :-)
Turns out most of the boxes I had no clue what to do with were Summer School books and were removed today. Huzzah!
Thanks for the #ff !
#youdeservetobesingle when you go down on your bf and the night after he refuses to return the favor
sometimes i can tell that a person has a lisp just by looking at their face
After my monthly tally, it looks like last month's writing royalties will be covering my student loan payment this month.
Lisa Ross - if you are not living the tech (really using it) then you cannot really evaluate the objectively
Rahm Emanuel gets kicked off the ballot. Can run for Mayor of your next
here's your first Friday DC fun fact! if you lay the #washingtonmonument on its side, its length is the same as the #kennedycenter!
What better way to relieve all your holiday stress than a spa day? Stop by the front desk & we'll help you choose one!
looking forward to the Letter Carrier Olympics today If only we could do it outside
thanks! Till sunday evening!
no problem
The Red Sox are really fighting the urge to blow it.
Go Preppy In Pretty Pleats TREND: Pleated skirts WHO 'S WEARING IT: Jessica Alba (Christian Dior), Kristin Cavallari (alice + olivia) and
Yesterday was coo and the day before but tomorrow there will be nomore us. Seperated
Frozen from mowing... It's quite cold outside
Retweet if you LOVE #karaoke!
Diana!! Where do you wotk? Ah:)
KD deserves that MVP more than anyone
Let's go #Wildcats!! Beat #Vandy again!!!
attention folowers!!!!!!! i wont be back on here until i get to portland. so go forth and spread the word of malichor... bwahaha
What do you do (Is blogging professional/hustle or passion/hobby)?
I'm critical but I take movies & tv shows for what they are. If they succeed at what they're trying to do... I'm down.
What your email address bro?
Remember, its always darkest right before the dawn.
#Kiva or #Kickstarter? Do I try just one? My 2nd #book is covered, but I have 2 more novels to finish writing this year. Should I do both?
I saw that I was like whoa now
will u plz fallow me:)
RT : Yu guys should all go follow for bad ass quotes :)
count me in too. I'll send my availability.
how often do you listen to unsigned artist to see if they got that hotness?
well, that does indeed suck. I started right on the pay period and I'll only get prob 200.
Wisnik Career Enterprises' 16th anniversary today! Thanks to all who have made the last 16 years sweet!
Does your upper back always hurts when playing piano?
organic vegan drinking chocolate has no refined sugar, dairy or gluten & is avail in original, mint & 6 spice@ The Library!
Cubs baseball is BACK!!!!
Hey wannabe authors: Build up your social media presence so you have a ready-made audience for your book.
it went great ! i got a kiss from billy , and a hug <3 ;o
your very famous!
I think that is bad luck if you find it on heads good luck if you believe in superstition? ;)
A big thank you to everyone who came out today! Now it's time for bed with our stack of new books.
Congratulations on the promotion of Josh Brumm to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/w60ePW
Hey guys!:)
You love it!
Ha ha! You do know I left the Red Cross, right?
Celtics down with 40 seconds to play
More raffle drawings soon! If you are a lucky winner your prize will be at the registration desk. PLENTY MORE AWESOME PRIZES!
ah! Kanye's film. Looks good unfortunately we don't have any plans to screen it. We'll let you know if that changes!
playing with the TK Blue Group today at An Die Musik at 5:00pm. Come one out!!!!!!
yeah, mine does and says 'passive voice, consider revising'
YOUR GO-TO FREELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGN GUY
Yeah, and The Hobbit will make us wait longer.
What company will be worth more in 5 years? Twitter or Facebook?
whenever I'm not in the mood to listen to hall and Oates, I listen to Rich girl. Then I'm in the mood to listen to H&O
You can't tempt us like that, Ric! Haha. I'm sure they're amazing. I hope we get to hear them someday.
Even better. Hope you can be healthy and strong throughout the season to accomplish it. Go Brewers!!!
Dear boys, learn some class. You will get nowhere without it. Love, girls everywhere
When your parents make you run THEIR errands. <
I love how you crave attention. Should have known before I involved myself with you. You passed on a good thing. Someday you'll know.
love the beach , the sounds and smells of the ocean
wouldn't it be nice if we could wake up, in the morning when the day is new.<3
I <3 whole foods. Avocado kale salad, chicken soup, y vegan blueberry muffin. Muy bien por inferma chinita.
Meeting wrapping up. Great presentations from George Liberatore from Midland Video. Thanks!
We're coming to Milwaukee Feb 14-16! Can't wait to stay with you!
Great presentation yesterday! Curious if it's possible to do a conf call app w/a free trial....
Someone play draw something with me , i need usernames (:
it's stupid. i hate spammers.
Kids are like sponges ready to soak up the wonderful 'gifts' of life you can give them!
They just went to a local corner, found a crack head, cleaned him up and told him to say it was sunny.
Does Babysitting fall under the category of "Baby Care"? If so, my Kroger brand Q-tips are totally qualified to supervise your children.
miss ya krystal ;)
In 1882 today, Franklin D Roosevelt was born.
I love
your a smelly poo we haven't done anything in ages!:(
Being interviewed by HLN now
OKC needs him RT : Thunder PR says Kendrick Perkins (right hip strain) will truly be a "game time decision" tomorrow.
awesome wait what was it called again ? haha
Rainy, lazy, weather in Miami. I guess I'm staying at home making more #accessories for the upcoming event on December 17th!
"LinkedIn is watercooler talk; Facebook is a backyard barbeque." Also, it's your online resume!
Thanks for all the comments tweeps! Sorry I couldn't respond to all. See you in #Milwaukee soon!!! Goodnight.
nice work. really nice.
Then why are we still in Europe and Japan?
Game set match Federer!
you rock! Have the best day
RT Prince Fielder's beard is openly mocking Ian Kennedy's beard. #Brewers totally ha!
My timeline is filled with tweets about Need to know more now...
does Hungry For Hands have any vinyl available?
'Alps' teaser is great but' Dogtooth' was wonderful & mesmerizing so how could I not be incredibly excited just from minor visual insights
So to recap: tell me your favorite song off the new Digital Leather album and one lucky person will win a copy of the vinyl!
Being sick when you work at the hospital must be ironic punishment. Don't worry, I am washing my hands a lot as usual.
So many new followers! Thanks for the twitter support!
awesome :) getting ready for the best weekend EVA well i guess not since it doesnt invove a tdf concert ;)
Us MA folk tend to travel in flocks.
mite still b here hit me.
I know right? I wanna go!
: Thanks for RT.
Dont be concerned with whatz goin on in someone else's home,clean up ya own backyard first.
You're best friend I are so much alike it is scary.
Can't wait!
Secretly wanted her to push Meryl off the stage...
Just watched the very first eps of DEXTER and BREAKING BAD for an assignment--THAT is good TV.
Good things about Mondays: I'm so busy time flies and it's time to leave before I know it, traffic on the way home is light...
I want to eat all kinds of chocolate things, all the time
I've been told :)
What are we talking about my friends? RT : the spot on Abilene. You know it?
That's a lot of love! RT: : Love the videos Love the Blackhawk Love Shamarr & the Underdawgs!
European astronomers discover 16 'super Earths' and none are named Planet Ryder?
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK is the best hashtag for new followers ! :)
I don't know if this is Tier 2, but have you looked into check in/ check out system?
Not knowing if someone is a boy or a girl is an akward feeling
we're working on it!!! Should be a lot better in January.
Female dog.
i wish i knew. Im going w/ #neaspring. Do or know?
Everyone should listen to more
Learning so much about myself and I'm taking it all in so I can be a better me.
Heard this on the way to work, thought it was great: "Talent is a gift, character is a choice."
Congrats Andy!
Ramiro accelerated like a Lotus F1 car, snatched up the chipmunk from Flower, and put him safely in a tree.
R.I.P my uncle kevin (popop) 5/9/12.. ill love u forever and always. .u'll always be in my heart <3 xoxo
Gotta get up early and teach tomorrow & Sunday at the Mt. San Antonio College Writer's Weekend. #booklearnin'
It's a weekly paper that was just released. Story is positioned well on bottom left of the inside cover. I have copies. :)
Dats fucked up we lost Rose for the rest of the season.... Hade to blow the extend after that smh
Listening to every musical stage Michael Jackson went through in art class
(not that she doesn't pronounce things correctly all the time anyway, it's just notable to hear Carnegie pronounced correctly)
Time is too precious. You will NEVER have these nxt 5 minutes ever again. Cherish each moment & the ppl you share it with
Hot pink summer nails in Yeadon -- getting them done w/ Mama Carole & Lorene! Vietnamese manicurist lived in Orange County. Home femme chat
Half price half bottles all night tonight!
It's her kid and he's three. I hope she's not still breast-feeding him!
go follow (:
Thank you!
How many senior administrators does it take to print a letter on letterhead?
i miss watching #wrestlemania and ordering it with my brother and family
The time comes again for us football fans not to mute the TV during commercials
Tight security & secrecy not because someone will Steal the #rushbust but because they want to deface it! So snuck into the Capitol.
I think I bought the wrong reading glasses. My eyeballs appear huge, my lashes like mutant spider legs. It was a 3 pack from Costco too!
man thank you so much..i can use as much help as i can get....REALLY thx you so much!!!!
ah, the sweet smell of refactored #python in the morning
If you follow me i will give you a follow back <3
Nothing like a loud blast of Kryptonite while listening to La Damnation de Faust.
you shush
Great article!
Creating promo posters all day for our shiny new short film "Cut '83!". A teaser trailer is coming too!
What's this about "RIP Parks & Rec"??? I'm scared to even ask...? =/
I could be wrong but I dont think she ever included a date. stood in line for each book release. reread all of them. #missthis?
lmbo I hope lisa let u get the car
I use mobile Twitter for 99.9 % of my tweets, so I never knew that Twitter's look had changed. I think I like the new layout.
#FF for a nice RT this week. Thanks...
Talked about organic molecules in our body today in Anatomy & Physiology. I feel like someone just shot my brain. Confused and disoriented.
Haha! So would I! :D I'm loving this! They are doing a great job making it look real!
please do it
So I just complimented this kid's G-Shock watch and he says "Yeah it's real, it's a Casio". Ha I didn't know people were ripping those off!
haha just got your text lol yeah me too!
The victim in the Vancouver shooting has died. Police have made an arrest.
well the club i play for is called Lonestar. Go to the website and you can ask the trainers like what they suggest to do :)
I love talking with some of my female friends , They are some cool chicas when it's one on one convos and
I am the broker selling 'Mama.com Could be great name for your growing segment!
And most of the time, we won’t even notice or bother to care, because we’re too busy with out little disaster that we call life
Damn man! Next time spend a night...break out casting couch with "xtras" RT : ironically my layover is in Milwaukee
Its always good to get things out of you. Be constructive, find a healthy outlet.
lapl libraries hurting bad. Tell 2 bring back library staff.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself. - Theodore T. Hunger
Why when I tell females that I'm single they Dnt believe me ????
I like Kara! She gets it!
Great day at the OUT-laws for
just wanna say thanks for all of the great Badger info you put out regularly. Happy holidays.
Don't kick som1 when they're down...cuz 1 day they might jus return the favor¡
Sometimes you wonder if anything was real at all...
me either don't worry. Thts the guys loss.
Is social media a good way to communicate or has it habitually become just a simple method to dump one's chakras?
Friends of , get your buns over here by 8 o'clock for some piping hot improv from the groovy cats of
How am i suppose to know whats wrong if u dont tell me
I can't keep up with everyone I'm following on Twitter. Need to thin the ranks. Dang.
Thank god as of tonight it's my Friday I need some days off
Cool...I will send you the trax tomorrow bro.
that's awesome lol
Life isn't fucking easy, but anything worth having rarely is. :C I HATE MY LIFE
Old cooking school trick. Let me know how the coconut flour turns out. I've not worked with that, that I recall.
"Because its u and me and all of the people and i dont know why i cant get my eyes off of u" those lyrics are stuck in my. 😱
I've learned to accept the fact that things won't always go the way you want
el oh el i wasnt hacked...not at all....
I love falling down the stairs backwards.
I agree, books & libraries are AWESOME!
I'm trying to get some !
All that is left is the artwork. Man, I need that to get done for the new EP.
RT Don’t always be funny, don’t lose your character.
Picked up my nephew's frm school, dropped off rental now n car w/ cousin rolling to the things tht her co-worker wants the teachers to do.
Miss u all to 😊
Now I'M the one who's creepy. Whatever.
Social media should drive users to your "hub" to engage your product & make a sale. Direct correlation b/t digital engagement & sales
Um... So did I?? “: I once did a Psychiatrist Test where I answered every question with a question.”
Ew, there's 1/3 of a dead rat on the sidewalk in front of my apartment. That's the back third, in case you were wondering.
See you all in TORONTO! We show may 5!
Very cool, Scott. Post your high points during the day please.
Best Pick Up Lines? Call in @ 214-717-4678
It's a great #FilmFriday! Have a good one! *New
Nothing is easy....it's called #Boston Sports
Author tells us what his failures have taught him! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26, 9p on
..interesting photo, dude......
black diamond my pink rang KIRKO
Good riddance to that follower I lost!
left my keys on the counter, lost my shades, spilled coffee on my dress all whilst getting coffee this AM
they would in the one i'm writing (not writing)
i love doritos in my sandwiches from subway! no lie!
I do my thing ....yup
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than non-castrated men.
Winning is about Lance Armstrong not
Let's spare a thought for celebrities on Twitter who voice their political opinions and must contend with an avalanche of unwarranted crap.
TYSM! 2U as well! ": Good Morning Amy Dawn, I hope your weekend is as beautiful as you are! :-)"
Happy Thirsty Thursday. :)
Adam is a very masculine and sexy character in new Florida Thriller Novel "PYTHON" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
Way to go your future is getting better every fight!
Workforce Leadership Summit at CSN on April 13/14th, still seeking students ages 16-23... register now!!!
Drink #wine daily - And, twice on Saturday. Happy #WW tweeps!
That Target foot biting guy story is so odd I think the guy must have some type of mental illness
Great news!! The restaurant looks beautiful, too! RT Officially taking reservations! 414-763-1637
Confirm or deny: DayGlo colors are back and ready to blind us all!
her marriage ended? Already?
New Analysis From Blue Health Intelligence(R) Highlights Crozer-Chester Medical Center as a Top Performing Facility
Can I get a binky for baby Bron Bron? Hahaha love it.
Daughter: You're all dressed up, where are you going? Mom: To the bathroom, I need a new Facebook picture.
@ Mariaortizromer hello love :)
RT : Blake: Tune in! is talking w/ his daughter/speaker the rest of the hr. on surviving college...
wait until you get into the really heavy ones - from book 3 until the end it's like a roller coaster!
You're a secret Juggalo. You just want to have a giant Faygo shower!
omg i wish i could met u i live in Villa Rica ,Georgia so its not far from the ATL but you don't even know I'm alive;(
Two nights in a row without #wine?! I don't even know myself any more.
i have been so bored without twitter
Contact The Front Page. We will be excited to host your events.
Log Cabin Republicans only care about Wall Street & use LGBT as window dressing
8.5 MIL? We'll take him over here!
RT I admire anybody who has the guts to write anything at all. E.B. WHITE
AH! HOSTING TONY'S AGAIN. MY LIFE COMPLETE. LIFE. IS. WONDERFUL. NPH IS GONNA ROCK THIS! AHH. YESS!
damn i miss youu! get back in my lifee
If a guy likes me has to tattoo my name across his heart.
So excited to see and today. Wake up, guys!
thanks for sharing your picture with us! Xoxo
We went to some strip club late last night and I had to drink the ugly away.
I miss my truck.
omg. thank you.
its Miami the next 2 days for business so cityglam is happy
awww u know man..where u been?!
I don't get vodka, it's like saying I like candy and eating a spoonful of sugar. #nosubstance but hey I guess it does the trick.
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback :)
I once got into a screaming fight with a Michigander in an apt in Rome. I still feel as passionately.
"Obama is from a planet that does not know how wealth is created!" Mitch Daniels. Wow! What was that all about? I wonder! Ah, racism!
rest: Honest, Intelligent, Jesus, K, Lovable, Music, N-, Optimistic, Piano, Q-, Radio, Successful, Trustworthy, U-, V-, Weird, X-, Y-, Zesty
West Campus bell tower songs.
Me? I love them!
Man we HANGARRRRYYY.!!!!
Yawn. Coffee.
The blue-greenish meat, that's really bad for you
There's only one corner of the universe you canbe certain of improving, and that's your own self
Music a great tool to help neuromuscular recovery, had Simplymusic, to supplement the music I play during classes.
RT “Some people want to learn and grow. Some people just want to keep making the same ole mistakes over & over again!”//ouch
ion kno *shrugs*
Started the Power of Habit last night, super fascinating read so far, hard to put down...
Thanks. That user uploaded some more of our songs too. We'll be releasing our EP this summer.
Looks like filmmakers from around the globe will be descending upon Santana Row this October, you should join us too www.sjsff.com
Nice! We'll try!
Im not allowed to strike, my wife said so...
Thanks!! We'll definitely keep you updated!
Cassadaga got us! You gotta believe!
I'm done, got work in the a.m
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-39
He's growing....Love WI Success Stories! RT : HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN BON IVER??
I wish there was a channel for all the old 90s shows
Dear stomach, I know you're hungry. I'm sorry to say, it just isn't gonna happen. Didn't you get enough calories from the beer?
< a girl with DREAMS (:
Would n't we all like someone else to organize our stuff
Feeling good about today
"Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore." Nope, we're in One-and-Done Land of Lexington.
The Nielsen Company reported those 45 and younger are now sending more text messages a month (236) than making phone calls (223).
Malt House?
I am devastated by the loss of #WFNX in Boston. I am a woman without her tunes.
crashed w/ me & said I was singing Aaliyah in my sleep, but glitch-style.
#boltup! RT : AFC West: San Diego is tied with Raiders, 1 game behind Broncos with 2 to play.
awwwyeaaaah girl! Thanks for having my back!
Big congrats to 'Briefcase' actor John Zderko (who play The Cop) for booking a role on Criminal Minds!
Hair cut day. Up there with my other favorites of birthday and tattoo day
Hi Beirut, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Why am I so nervous about getting my hair done?
What an great weekend with my baby girl and family. Time to rest up and have an awesome and productive week.
The new Drake and 2 Chainz song drops tomorrow and I hope 2 Chains doesn't ruin it
Going to the Internet Librarian Conference. Reading tweets and blogs of my fellow travelers..getting excited...must leave work :-)
Yes! Yes! Yes!
I would love to live there! Where do you live here?
I love how instead of saying "stop talking" my spanish teacher says "stop flapping your gums." Lmaooooo
you the best!! (dj khaled voice)
Go to 268generation.com. Live feed. College conference. Speakers, worship by Matt Redmond and others.
generally speaking, as Steve said, even midrange SSDs will be less bottlenecked on eSATA; no downside I can see. CC
Nice feature on
. social media crew - nice meeting u guys! Loving the tweets
My take from Akinade: Africa's scientists have much to offer! Problem is access to Western data, places to publish their work.
Follow & Retweet for chances to win a Jamba Juice Gift Card by Friday! New winner announced every week. Thanks much!!!
Thanks to all who tweeted/sent text donations for HIV tests for #WorldAIDSDay. We are best when we support each other.
Did the dad die?
AP ALERT: The Indianapolis Colts announce end of quarterback Peyton Manning's playing career with club.
hahaha ok :D
for several thousand dollars you can buy an AGA stove. It is always on and ready to cook!
been home since the beginning of the month
I love the ideas presented here. Think it's spot on.
hahahahaha, I love you :P
same here! I graduate in a month & 1/2 and cannot waitt
What a joke haha “: Just got an e-mail from the college board saying its not too late to take the SAT...oh please #4moredays”
oh so cool
first base open; hit him in the face!
Cinco de Mayo-another holiday used as an excuse for getting drunk!
These Miami refs are terrible...2nd2none
What is your favorite ringtone? Mine is theme song to Austin Powers. I know, I need to update my ringtones.
This little blonde kid that's always moving in on my seat wtf man
Good Night have a good sleep and justin bieber will kiss you good night<3
Looks like I need to check Twitter more often...
sitting in a class
Bout roll up a snack and call it a night for this early morning cause where I'm from your hu$$le determines your salary!
Like, fuck. Let people be who they want to be. What is wrong with you people?
RT : A challenge I would like to see is for 'The City that never Sleeps'! An afterdark challenge to capture NYC at night.
I love you more!
Saw Wyatt in Vegas. Looks good and is much improved! “: Stetson has offered 6'9 2014 Wyatt Sikora of Florida Christian"
Took my mom out to eat :)
I need Rondo on my team, if u wanna be Westbrok, go play for another team.
To book email:
If your inner beauty is ugly what makes you think your outer skin isnt uglier
Exactly. Just enough to need taking the edge off.
RT Its Election Day! Make sure that you get out there and make a difference in the future of your children
the funniest thing is when directionators talk about how much they hate directionators.
Love spending more time waiting to see a doctor than actually talking to one...
Yes! RT : Uh oh! Have we exchanged HEATH and WELLNESS for WEALTH and HELLNESS??
#SOAD #LongOVERDUE We need you in #Oklahoma!
The Quantum theory of laundry: I put 2 socks into the dryer and only 1 comes out. Every.Time.
it's 6pm here and the sun is shining like its noon back home 😱
RT : Why hasn't called Lunatic on the carpet and told him to stop this insanity?
Good luck We cant wait
- we could pull if off. No question.
first off I was joking. Clearly mindless behavior aint 5 yr olds. Their yung as hell & I call ALL yung ppl 5...r u #butthurt?
Thanks for responding! How's it going?
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Tough to beat Coors Original Banquet Beer when it is on draft.
One month from today is in Toledo! Come see us, and many other great bands on day 2, APRIL 15th.
Hey ya'll! Long time no chat! :) Follow Patrick from Sports Lounge on twitter He's tweeting Philly sports/entertainment/life
Track more than your child, track your husband/wife. #MT90, the latest technology in Personal GPS tracking.
thats the same thing i asked my self but hey i love the view
It's official, Arby's employees are the biggest fail in fast food. They forgot to give me marinara for my cheese sticks.
You can check in with them this Wednesday -- if not in you can reserve a copy for when it is.
I thought it was the Uptown News folks launching Gay San Diego.
cant imagine it would be me you are talking about :)
Should have hit the Harlem Shake across the stage and gave the black power fist.
lol are you seriously getting it ? ahah but any grocery store.
Even though I don't want to, bout to get this #workout in.
no. And, it's not about priorities. Ask the dictionary.
Happy 2nd Season and 1st anniversary of ANT Farm!!
"“What we’ve learned about using data is that engagement really really matters.”
Can't wait til these playoffs
#asecs12, Duross connecting sensibility with consumerism and activism through transatlantic trade networks.
did you figure out if your going to sxsw yet??
all the school activities are announced on the announcements... except swiming #thanksfortherecognition #whereisthelove?
shhhh... it's time to appreciate the game.
I will try to post photos from the party on facebook Thanks to all who came You made my 15th a lot of fun !!!!!
Supporting my local productions by watching the first episode of MAGIC CITY. Hurray for #Miami and I hope this is good!
Tons of writing has been acomplished so far this weekend, we keep this pace up and the whole game will be finished by monday!
sweet. when are you going up there
amen bro!
Hattie for Carter!!
You need a stamp... or a clone. I'd opt for the clone.
New #kronum homepage looks great, ready for pro league kickoff this Sunday!
You have no idea how many times I have to say “Doctor Who??!” while on the phone at work. LOL
I can almost guarantee that nothing has changed. Time to go make a return visit!
I want to get a kiss on the cheek by <3
lucky!! may 30th is my last day and then i have two half days for exams
lmao seriously! RT “: Idk why girls wear heels to school, calm down. your going to school, not a club ! -_-”
