I am so jealous! Wish I could be there.
it's always a hit when I grill those up. Let me know if you try it
don't worry only the funny part is shown
“: Well looks like I'll b 15 weeks out this Saturday! #contestprep." Either one, you will look great!
:: Speedbusters gets a lesson from in how it's done -- and why you were pulled over in the first place. at 10.
oh jeeze. Can't wait :p
Pockets full of white faces
will do!
Pettis vs lauzon is gonna be good I think lauzon will try too get this fight too the groun bcuz on the feet pettis has a big advantage but
but only if i get to be the first lady!!! or vp...something that gives me a say in shit. head disciplinarian haha
have you seen my passport??
See you at the mixer tonight @ 5:30??
Tomorrow you can pie and RA or the CC (Paul) in the face for $1. And best yet all the money goes to the B+ Foundation
only advice: bring plenty of beer and plan on a nap immediately after
YOU CAN SUCK MY DISNEY!x Hahaha x R U Alrite“: #Np Nicki Minaj - Right by my side >”
Summertime jingle in.. gorgeous day! Say "Hello" to Martin Solveig & Dragonette, new Cee Lo and a bunch of old school jams we just added.
Avr is at vzd's now! Gonna watch the ou game, and play around 11
alright no 1 wanted to chat so imma go
Maybe another bowl then bed...
Itz funny how the tables turn......SERIOUSLY +_+ I go by what I see, not what I hear. I really wish some ppl would understand that.
dear internet, is there a video of count dracula singing "don't u forget about me"?! if so i want to see it, its comedy gold!
So what if George Bush is going with Mitt. Who else would he go with Barack Hussein Obama? The wannabe Marxist dictator? LOL
I love you very much.. I'm so happy to call you mine. :D 💙💚❤😚
Driving down pch looking at this gorgeous beach view.
This basketball game is like watching a bunch of retards chase a squirrel around the yard
Which mail client/providor are you using? /cc
Plus Del: how fun has this off season been?
Well, that's a nice start to the morning.
I want to ask a serious question...was tom brady really the #1 player in the nfl this year? Bish please
Being at the office during RSA feels like working over Christmas break. Here's to a productive week!
SO PROUD of lil sis !!! She just finished her LAST final and picked up her cap & gown!!! T-minus 3 days til I'm in IA!
What's new? “: Nothing good on TV... Cool.”
Way to choke boston! Lmao!!!
now that's funny “: Sportsnet's Don Taylor calls bloggers "pretend media."”
i don't mind if we take our time 'cause i'm all yours if you're all mine
The Heat can't handle a team with size, especially if they're talented aka Gasol , Odom, Bynum
#twittertopic sleep with their hands in their pants
I think you have to look at it long term, and use it as a point of differentiation. It would certainly benefit turnover.
these shows on the disney channel really make me want to kill myself..
finally out of her torturing class!
still trying to figure it out. i want to/not sure if i can swing it. still no word on funding from 4Cs... what are you presenting?
Good morning!
“Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer.“ - Marcia Wieder
Yep, I'll be there. And you?
nun much doin a little writing. I ain't got work till the weekend so I'm plottin. When u get off?
How Rocket learned to read is relatively new and a huge hit at my home. I bet schools will consider putting it in their cannon
As much as I appreciate the Opportunity--Im moving on to Bigger and Better Things :)---The Future is Shining for Me
If only ppl knew what I was talking about they'd know how I felt ah!!
lol need a place to stay?
what did you think when you found out you were replacing someone?
Same here can't complain, Progressing... Atl trip>>>RT : Good...lol & you?
facebook's likke
what is that
lets get some
happy Easter bro enjoy your day. Still training, I may out there April 21st. I will let you know when I figure everything out.
should look great at prom too! Hahaha
come on jason Cavs game baby
hahaha seriously thts gotta be it .. We have to warn the young people now to forward them
LOL...ya'll gonna watch your stories next?
Congratulations to the libraries awarded Let’s Talk About It: Making Sense of the Civil War!
every1 tht i just followed follow bak ! so i can follow the rest of my followers!<33
Exporting rough edit of the 360 Project. Getting approval and it shall be released soon!!!! Keep an eye peeled!
It's really quite funny how many people ask me "So you're going to be a politician?" when they see me doing my poli sci homework
Woo-Hoo! Case was settled and we were all dismissed...no jury duty for me!!!
The greatest two words in sports. GAME SEVEN
Believe it or not, I have a great Magic Johnson impersonation. "I'm soo disappointed in the lakas.."
Nickerson house in soon-to-be historic Travis Heights district in
As I said, simply HammerTime will do RT : Part 2 by Building Moxie will be out on Friday! The Bonus Round by Mr. HammerTime.
Trying to hook up Twitter to Facebook and it's not working! Help!
looks like I need to brush up on my Japanese so I can have a conversation with you when I get to see ya! ;)
Making my rounds to all the Philly comic book retailers to let them know that Not The Israel My Parents Promised Me is solicited in Previews
Lost my mom a few months back -- ever the optimist she was. Savor it, bro.
wwwaaatt?? never me its always your fault.
I shared this with his worried parents, he had a problem processing visually. That fixed, he too joined the "gifted" .
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Such a great race, I almost didn't realize the Empire swept the podium.
I bought a couple shirts from the Cauldron store the other day. Do I just pick these up at the tailgate?
I just died again <3
RT : we should go to a #Rockies game soon!
have to get ur dog a thunder shirt works wonders will see a difference in her
To fall into a habit is to begin to cease to be
that just made me lol on the LIRR
Matt and Nick seem pleased by getting a rematch for the belts.
That's a great one
Mark Miles applauds our community for bringing $150 million investment to Near Eastside! #SB46 is more than a game!
karaoke happening tonight at MKE Ale House and at MKE brat house.
KIM's challenge looks incredibly difficult.
Any questions for ? He's an expert on the internet and diplomacy, as a representative of
Hoping it's a girl, :) Nick helped me realize we'll always be close even if I'm having someone elses baby. <3
Just bumped into the State Superintendent in the halls of the Capitol. Guess what u asked him?
Got my Monday Superman shirt on. Lots of stuff to do today. Pool work out, fix a shelf that committed suicide over the weekend;) Busy, busy!
if he plays again I hope he goes to a good team
Its very entertaining! Lol!
ha i love drunk panda.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
An avocado a day keeps the doctor away.
Trying to put an outline together for this Julius Caesar essay is making me depressed!!!
getting a tattoo next friday. i cant wait. its a very special one I am so excited
Round of applause...bby make dat 'ASS CLAP'
Happy Easter & Happy Passover to all! We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends. Enjoy!
I've heard great things about Onyx!
Does anyone know what 'gender' social media platforms are in other languages? Are they the same? Le Twitter, Il Twitter etc?
One test away from spring break
One of the best practices we have had. Sexy time.
Hey when are you picking the #ClearlyFavs winner? I'm anxious! B)
there's some scrum-tious iterations going on up in here.
. to have attorneys on hand at some precincts near AU on Tues to answer student voter eligibility challenges.
Ah yes. It truly is tough to top a good #suit. However, do you go 2 button or 3?
thanks fa da follow
your dedication is awe-inspiring. Gonna have to build some social features so we can challenge you on
Ready to start calling the year twenty-eleven instead of being dramatic with the two thousand and eleven!
Creating Grandpa's photo slideshow. So many memories!
who am I, if everything I thought I was, was a lie?
Riley= not a virgin lol
I was not at the hearing for that particular bill. Just reporting out what I was hearing and sharing my reaction.
you too, chica!
Who doesn't want to play bingo on a friday night? We're the cool kids!
My Personal Blog: Simply Markdown and Dropbox or Tumblr. I am thinking simply Markdown and Dropbox. What do you guys think?
In this special Thanksgiving episode, and I learn about friendship and the frying capabilities of gluten free flour.
Like, they didn't help create the mess!!
you got ur phone
I like it
": As I grieve the loss of my friend & "lil sis," I don’t feel it appropriate 2 perform @ this time.Continue 2 pray 4 the family."
Someone asked me recently how I stay so positive all the time...my answer: "it's a waste of time being anything else." (DE Philosophy)
<3 : Approximately 10% of people who begin using cocaine will immediately progress to serious, heavy use of the drug.
Looks like Pop is experimenting with lineups again. Manu starting second half in place of Green
Meeting with the agency reps @ 3pm. Photos look amazing; I love them, I'm certain so will they. Props to our girls!
wow..were we all drinking alone last night? I know how to fix that
I guess modern receivers don't have phono inputs, and old record players don't have preamps, hence the need for one.
this is fantastic! thanks for writing/sharing.
2002-Got off the Quest w/ after 28 days at sea. Saw Minority Report and ate ice cream. #Goodasks happiest day.
Omg just saw lighting even though i saw 1 be4 hahaha
Whoa! Are you writing a robot-ninja-bear thriller too?
just got an #audition for a #shortfilm :D fingers crossed
This aint new.
im following u and the one
Sold out! That's like $25 mill+ spent on a music festival in 3 hrs. Not even a world financial crisis can stand in the way of good beats.
Come on people I need 9 more followers for 100 ! Please I'll follow back ? I want 100 please
IM ON ONE!
lesson learned. Bring pants a size larger to wear home from all-inclusive vacations. Problem solved.
Too much eyeliner, sister. You are not Cleopatra.
what is true? it's not showing up haha
#Alberta #market has the best #homemade #chicken #wings & with #jojos for $5
Don’t forget to use this save money tip the next time you are about to buy online and pay the full retail price
Are you getting an error? Can we help with anything?
Finally starting to set in...
One reason that leads these people to not pay the ticket fee is the huge interest being added to it
I think you have put a spell on us.
Who would win in an epic fight? Superman or the Hulk?
Congratulations to you and Sue!
I'm using Evernote somewhat. It's not bad, but I'm not sure I'd rave. It's OK, but I don't get some of the hype.
Oh Yeah , I Forgot That Alyssa & Erika Play Center On JV , FREAKING JV .. #Ridiculous .
There is a high probability that i am going to fail this math quiz tomorrow
The Rosemary crisps are probably my new favorite cracker to eat with chicken salad!
you will most definately ?
hello kitty app?!
#terranova they spent enuff money on this story seems cool very bleak future in this world must have used #darkangel sets lol
Two root canals in the near future. I have awesome teeth. I see that you're jealous.
Why do I so hate Apple's Siri commercials? Is there something wrong with me?
time to make the donuts...i mean biscuits..back to work
After today I adiscovered that no one gives a fuck about how I feel...at all. I just don't understand why I'm not used to it by now
I had a dream that and all walked around grounds together demanding attention and updating their twitter accounts
Free bagels! Thanks RT Let's get some positive news this Tues.: favorite part of your job?
man...I need to make a list...too much in my ether for a couple weeks.
Which HP movie is your favorite? HP Nerd Alert over here haha.
Had red beans and rice with smoked sausage for Fat Tuesday Best match thought would be zinfandel but turns out to be gewürztraminer.
would you rather visit me on thanksgiving break in texas or take me to homecoming<3
yea go check
Almost done. only been 6mo. Patience grasshopper. RT : fix your bridge it's been a yr. I could build a bridge faster
how long are you gonna be on?
RT Throwing Dirt On MY Name ... Ain't Gonna Change YOUR Situation...
: Iterations lead to the enormous innovation that is focused on.
as long as you don't grunt like Svetlana Kusnetsova
I can't stress this enough.. #youremine not theirs.
Today's quote "I don't like the search person's ethics or personality, but he is always spot on when it comes to placements".
Your FNL fave Buddy Garrity is doing some great tv comedy guest spots.
Thanks for mentioning the technology initiative for better geo DNS lookups.
great idea !
Happy Birthday Bob Marley! You're my inspiration to live forever positive!
Hazelnuts are the worst nut
You might as well just get some cats and call it quits!
agreed. life would have been so much easier.
Corona had always been the Jackass theme song. Sad but true?
omg I really think he'd be more understanding to the fact I was in a rush due to my sister's head BEING IN A PIPE!!
RT : TRYIN TO FIND SOMEONE TO SERVE THIS NICCA THESE COURT PAPERS UPTOWN...«O~O.
I have a Wreck This Journal and I'm in love with it
anybody know of a way to export a Facebook page for archiving? we'd like to book-i-fy the page of my friend who died of colon cancer
On behalf of the Newark Police Department, Crime Stoppers would like to wish everyone a safe & happy Thanksgiving. Enjoy!!
I will find you at some point today. You're my favorite academic press.
SOME RAPPERS DONT LIKE TO SPEND THEY MONEY ON QUALITY BEATS THEY RATHER MAKE SONGS TO OTHA PEOPLE BEATS FA FREE
You threw everything away over something so dumb.
Im ready to start working !!!
We the 99 percent The Poor, the Unemployment, Working Class, and Students Needs to signed a Petition of Redress of Grievance 4 Compensation
The damn dog....It took me TWO YEARS to find the perfect gray suede pump...and now? poof. :-(
i did too
you're welcome!!!
hell dominate more in the paint!
What are the skills and values that the 21st century will demand and reward?
RT : Join us TONIGHT from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. at Hotel Parq Central for a Hot Singles Nomination Party at Apothecary Lounge.
Let's talk AR @ SI Welcome Wednesday, Vie de France, Cap Gallery 4pm tomorrow.
looking at pulpdist a bit.. does it offer up an API that is meant to be subclassed? it doesnt appear so.
yer welcome n done. Good stuff mate.
1 more follower till 500 ! ill give a shoutout to my 500th follower :)
If YOU<--- do the same thing EVERYDAY!, and expect ANYTHING to change other than the DATE.. YOU ARE INSANE!! It's YOUR FUALT!
Wright Way Master Classes-Broadway Auditions Seminar is going to be in SALT LAKE CITY next week with 4 Broadway Casting Directors!
i swore i'd never fall, but i fell....
all the boys want to taste my woohoo
me too!
Just close Twitter. #rimshot // RT : Sometimes I wonder what the best way to deal w/ interruptions in the workplace are?
Checking for opening in NYC, Thx
Just got called a "nigger" by some punk as* then he sped off.. They ain't bout that life!
I see things are going good for you great job.... stay focused.
I'm thinking of taking a week long staycation. The only catch is I have to daily do/see something in the city I haven't done before.
yeah and Dallas is close to home. Not too close but not too far! Lol
Wade always complaining man. Just go be great son.
11.4.1941: Jewish workers in Germany are denied the right to sick leave, vacations, and pensions.
im me i am bored and love 2 talk
pop that pussy qet low!
Making Paula Dean's "Hidden Kiss Cookies" 4 a Valentine's Day party, update on how they turn out tomorrow! (FYI: found the recipe @ FN.com)
I could tell by looks outfit. Haha
Thoroughly confused as to what my life is.
"I'm the teacher that you love 2 hate/ A victim of #pineapplegate / Don't you pass no laws unless u talk 2 those who educate!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there that don't suck.
Hello Chase. Welcome! How's world travel thing going?
Had Mc D's Again!
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind
so long curly gray locks...sorry. Just get it right before 11am tmrw!
Excellent map! will be so proud!
wow... just got done with a slew of features + bugfixes for the twitter/bulletinboard aggregator +
Shoutout to this class for dragging ass -_-
Love your show "Picker Sisters", you guys are adorable, sexy, super charming & so talented. Best of luck with it!
bad as in horrible yepp
it is going good, flying by already 2pm :)
LA! presents "To Be Or Not To Be" and "The Bad News Bears"! I haven't seen 'em and neither has he! Get thee to
awesome! Spent the weekend with mom and dad, brett, sis and bro in law and their boy....it was a really good time!
PR pitch in my inbox: "Become King of the Social Media Jungle." Yes, I will get right on top of that.
#InDesign user? Want to use object styles, address complex transparency or work with variable data? #GOA2011 session 39 is a must
school's rather beat. cell.
pie cookies? YUM! How much?
Thanks for the RT!
My spring break showed me what I'll be doing this summer
I've got one more week!! Next Friday #GirlsWeekend RT Day before vacation starts. Let's do this.
#whydidiagree to coach goalkeeping (OUTDOORS!) in the middle of February????
Love that song!
Did you know that Mke now has SEVEN Irish dance schools? And we will have all of them, plus an 8th, dancing in the parade!
Thanks for the follow awesome Milwaukeeans , , :)
RETWEET if you're online! (followme)
I need a computer doctor very badly.
we are going to have to get together.
Holy crap Chris Davis did it hahaha
how is Sam?
the best part about it is trying to plan a wedding around a green card schedule
I want some watermelon!
my fault I'm Teddy
That's great! We still have fond memories of delivering PITG soccer balls you donated to Ethiopia -Ethiopian Orphan Relief
Lolz yup and thanx that means a lot :)
wondering how & when in my life did & i become best friends ?!?!?!
I'm still working on building gafaws, comedy has to be real.
Thanks! Where is it located...the link looks like info to a radio segment? Am I correct?
Understandable. Unfortunately, we don't produce the page ourselves. It's a templated page used by us and other Tribune papers.
Anti-Huntsman Ad Hits Home For Families With Adopted Children - W*USA 9
Question of the night (and it has only been a hour): What state is New Jersey a part of?
they were looking for one did they find him
Stop geeking over skype like you never had it. Ugh we been there done that.
a car just drove by & it was blasting what makes you beautiful <3
Python is nature's jerky. Damn chewy! Makes sense due to snake muscle structure.
Saw this before but definitely worth seeing again. Very cute.
I had a busy morning, an exhausting but fulfilling afternoon, and a horrid evening.
That's awesome. We want it to be a community and a family. I love the bonding.
do you guys wanna match?
A sounds FUN!! Is it similar to Warrior Dash? I wonder if they will need medics and ambulances to stand-by?
Back to the grind, trainin at the rec
there's like an hour wait at endless summer and I knew 90% of the people in there
Can't wait to hit the streets
We're giving away all kinds of #free #tshirts at facebook.com/tuesdaytees. #Like us and you could be the next #winner!
Looks awesome and legit. I saw the track in there too!
Looking for a way to escape the heat? Come enjoy our heated, outdoor pool. Summer's not quite over yet.
Not that bad. 4 more losses a year for Dook.
We were talking about Alabama in US History today. Is it strange that my mind immediately when to ?
Omg my Marketing professor just cancelled our final. Omg, let the queens say Hallelu
KaDee Strickland. She is an incredible actress!
Studio all day ery day...
Wait ..what? RT : More Oral, No Morals!!
24/7 news cycle is particularly vicious in NY.
there was?
Is it safe to say Lil B was better at one point?
WHAT WAS THAT?
Wishing you great weather for the walk today from London! go NYEW!
Did someone say COCKTAILS? : w/ & enjoying some gelato cocktails!!!
?? I'm missing something here...
thanks. Took me a little while to reply, unfortunately. ;)
We'll cross that bridge when it pops up.
cant wait till i get to dye my hair again
Hey who would win in 1 on 1, Bernie Focker or Ray Babbitt?
what do you mean
Been so busy I didn't realize my short story collection-Dry Fly Gospel-still charts in Kindle store under philosophy & fishing.
People that live on twitter <<<<
Ugh Just Started Walkinq Ed Rice Track &'nd Im Already Tired , Need Somebody To Walk It With Me To Keep Me Goinq!
Thanks for re-tweeting! ^_^
When girls have a boyfriend one minute then out of nowhere have a girlfriend the next... uh...what the fuck happened? 😳
thank you 4 the advice! I'm still so fired up... It's unbelievable!! I'm calling their supervisor 2morrow explaining value.. Thx:)
hey now hey now, this is what dreams are made of.
your welcome i really do like your tweets :)
baby, I miss you so much💔. I was thinking the exact same thing all day yesterday.
RT : . We love Foods & Well Fed. Gorgeous books delicious food amazing people.
Thru all da pain and da struggle yea i still smile
Jules I will take u & mom 2 Per se in the New Year!!;)
If your bf/gf is cheating on you than you are not doing something right
“: I'm back on my workout grind starting tomorrow morning ❤ #teamfitness” have a good workout today
I really wish I had a driver because I detest driving home from downtown Orlando everyday!
I can't be sunk! You're mind is weak Lemme exercise it for you!
Call us at 585.222.BUZZ for your local rochester music requests
When you look me in the eye
Hooray on winning bid for pre-BizBash auction! Lunch w/Linda-Suzanne will be fun, wine will help for productive meetings @ shop!
my man Bernard KING went for 60 in 1984!!!! YEESSS!!!
You want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the Low. Let's work! Wats Hatnin ?
hahaha yea with some minor adjustments we could lol we did have a ball. Gimme more T.I. remix. I'm the #1whitegirldown ctfu
Don't think about it.
my older cousin had a birthday party at like a laser tag dance club and they had one of those FAT big screens with it playing ...
Success comes in cans, not cant's. ~Author Unknown
thank you so much!!
It was great having you!
Is blocking the internet in classroom like modern day book burning?
Only one thing to do. Let's ask her. , are you real?
Well GoodNight/Good Morning...that's a wrap!! #BeingMaryJane and we Back at it for our last day at 6:30pm...I'm about to murder this sleep!!
Any librarians, IT, principal folks have e-reader lending forms for elementary school students that you could direct me to?
God rarely ever (if ever) gives second chances so use your first one very wisely!
Congrats!! on the got Milk? commercial spot The guys here loved it
Hofbrauhaus is the official birthday capitol of the world
A little common sense can go a long way toward an uncommon relationship with God. - J Todd Nichols in Transfigured
Parallel quandary to what's point of museum websites? exists w/ physical museum: aversion to offering wifi in-gallery
#ABestFriend Would STILL Love You, After They Know Everything About You[:
Did he bother you to be Muslim ( Zayn Malik) <33
RT : Bees everywhere!
Also: records mgmt may be the dark side, but being a records analyst, not so. I miss the University Archives terribly, but my new job rules.
thanks for a great night!
Uhm.. Your opinion isn't needed. Imma do what I want.
a lot been going on up, been crazy..and cold..lol
Rock Steady Baby! so excited!!!!!!
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. Epictetus
...as well as these participants: Looking forward to 5/26!
"Gotta spend my whole vacation checkin in to four square" - nobody ever.
RT : take care and sleep well :) >>>> Most Definitely :)
While everyone was watching Bubba I was sick in bed watching Neo save Zion.
What you really are Marcus, is a bunburyist.
and he probably didn't expect the scrutiny, backlash, and criticism spawned by the #kony2012 campaign.
Have you seen our new twitter page design? Thanks to our great team !
getting ready for #TOTNDC and excited and hungry!
Even random people from my old high school knows about me and white bitches hahahahaha
Jason Moffatt & Chris McCombs just entirely changed the way I view the internet @ FBS09! This stuff is priceless! Success is Inevitable!
I seriously just laughed out loud when I read this.
What's this? Little Ped. Pal Foot Scrubby club, coming soon? That's right, candy for your feet, candy your piggies can indulge
A customer wants to know if the embroidery class would be ok for an 8 year old - what do you think?
well aren't you popular? :)
Sending me a text saying u want 2 "f***" makes me want to kick you extremely hard in the balls....no respect SMDH
hello guys
No one knows his true character until he has run out of gas, purchased something on the installment plan and raised an adolescent
I'm excited for dorm life! :D but not excited for the cost.
You're in Canada stay out of American politics. Go back to watching Mr Dressup
I'm always thinking about other people's feelings before my own. It's time I stop & think about myself for a change! This is so me!!!
2011.07.23 #Giants 4 #Brewers 2 | Some poor baserunning / stifles chance of Brewer win / T. Plush bad karma?
Missed Ustream Again tonight :'(
You can either live a life of discipline or live a life of regret.
No longer acceptin any new niggas in my circle.....that is all
Very..I bookmarked to so I can link people to it later.
shut up matt
I love my cousin katelyn . she has this care-free, fuck you, i am who i am, attitude i wish i had .
Reality TV is so lame.. I'm working this event and literally everything and everybody had to freeze so an argument could be staged
Hey, i tried to get that and they said it was discontiuned in my size. You suck.
perfect! I'm at 18/Folsom, you?
comments on the 405? heard it's more like carmaheaven
seriously can we get a YouTube replay of the last 10 seconds? And then can you hire real refs?
So wrong, but so right.
Suns out buns out summer countdown
As a teacher, the 1 thing you *must* teach your students: "No one expects the head butt."
I love deep cleaning. It always makes my head feel so clear.
Occupy protests discourage Black Friday shopping Anti-Wall Street protesters took their message about corporate greed to Black Friday sho
that's ok, I am use to that.
My eyebrow won't stop twitching...
Took a 2012 BMW 650i out for a 3hr drive today. Was pretty impressed. Definitely will be testing out an M3 when it's time to sell the s2000.
Attention all starving models: Eat the cake Annie Mae!
xD well if you squeeze you butthole then maybe youll stop pooping
Next time a Jehovah's witness comes to my house, I'm going to splatter ketchup all over me and hail Satan to see what the fuck they do.
yea u passed out on us :-D
Woo Hoo! Date Saved! RT : Save the date!! The Betsey Johnson All Access fashion show at Tysons Galleria will be Sept. 29 at 8pmish
You're welcome
spent the day doing same with/for our friend's kid yesterday...congrats!
good move darling!!i miss u...
Except more charges bc eople are hanging on to a miserable job because it's a job. Once they find a new job, expect the charge.
Remember the episode of The Office where they stay overnight in sleeping bags? Thinking of the traffic makes me want to do that...
Listening to a very erotic breakfast poem..at Flagstaff poetry slam at Sundara!
I eat so much fast food its really sad smh
I'm a hip hop child, grew up during the golden era where lyrics mattered. Now we live in a era where we got rappers that can't rap. So sad
Will today be the day I buy an iPad 2?
You can't get rid of poverty by giving people money. ~P. J. O'Rourke
"The power is not ours until we can protect and educate our young, have pride in our heritage and race, own instead of spend all the time!"
"We want the ones we can't have, and ignore the ones that want us, and sometimes we end up with none in the end"
ABC news needs to do a story on the habits of Afro Americans being pushed out of middle income housing in Harlem, by whites
namaste right back at you...
Get your Apple fix at www.appletekguru.com
u need to get on it im liek the only one that does btw this is
Excited to be at the Mobile Marketing Webinar w 7500 participants. #GoMobile with and
looks like Q is gonna get some funk.. its happn here.
Oh ya, no big deal, just sharing musical wisdom and life experiences into a tiny microphone. Thanks
Just wrapped for the day with K'naan leaving LA tomorrow.
O's win!
I couldn't give her up, but she's giving IT up.
If you have a long , boosie ass signature on your phone. Dont bother texting me !
Great week at #recreate12. Now excited to snuggle my beautiful kids while the snow falls.
hahahahahahahahahahhaahahahahahahahahahahahaha funny... Our D would absolutely kill y'all lol.. Good joke though
Bonding with my mom. #momtime(:
People change, things go wrong, shit happens, but life goes on.
Today I have been mostly reading book for school,attacking ants with herbs & water+soap, walking the dog twice,and working in the garden
ya wasn't my best experience
Rock, paper. Take off all your clothes.
we all want to know the answer to this issue!
The new iPad will feature upgrades to everything except the pricing
Writers block = Ice cream break.
HAPPY NATIONAL GRILLED CHEESE DAY!
Woman comes into newsroom @ 6pm reporting train fire. 1 reporter intrvwd her, I called fire+train PIO, we wrote tog on GDocs. Online @ 6:25.
- okay, that's pretty funny! :)
Summer is typically a quiet time for #Syracuse sports, Twitter helps to keep the conversation going.
hahahaha!!! You should see Lucas' insta &his moms insta there's so many pics of Lucas and victor&they always say "twinning"
I think you should start using a Kanban board for your coffee drinking.
Sacramento Kings! RT : Purple Magic...
Whats up tweet peeps ain't been tweetin in a min!!!! But I'm baccccccccc what its lookin like.... #TEAMDEONTE baby!!!!! Fwm
Never gonna meet austin and right when I was gonna buy tickets for his NYC concert he tweeted tickets are sold out </3
Frontrunning fans are a long-time tradition of LA sports.
I don't trust people who call me "Sweetie" as soon as they meet me.
They have since found 2 hands. A day apart. You should read more. ;)
Enough with the free throw misses!
4 wks til Savage In Limbo by John Patrick Shanley. Talented NYC and local actors in a wonderful tragicomedy. We think u should take a look.
What does a Maintenance plan look like for your appliances? What's the benefit?
probably a good idea.
thanks. Little punk loves to be with me. Kids love me for some reason
#kony2012 is an impressive social media campaign. Is everyone posting videos AND donating $?
How goes it? What is the best place to get beer in Baltimore?
Whatever you dream, dream bigger!
someone should let Pia know!
what you doing?
#museweb Seems that it doesn't matter what size the museum, it's whether it fits the mission and there is staff to support.
Chiquita Bananas are here to say -No more Dole moments in #Charlotte. Traffic n economy boost for the Queen in the new year.
yup, idiots
Its the number one thing requested in Hotels.
Aloha Laura! How are you this Monday evening?
Ya I messed up on that one. I didn't want to mass email freiend request "ME" just Milweb1 sorry about that.
yeah! Everyone's talking about this Caine kid and his arcade. Why didn't anyone give a fuck about my lemonade stand!?
Can't wait for my to arrive today! Stay tunes for a #photo :)
Thanks for this. I appreciate your help in my getting out the message. David
lol -- that makes 3 of us
When people don't believe a word you say even when you're telling the complete truth <
Commission public input hearing in Oxnard is underway. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
thanks for following back want to get in them shorts lol sexey
Needing that one person to talk to and knowing they won't listen
“: . The first rule to a successful marriage: prenup.” gonna love the new Dallas this summer
Hope it's not the end of ... That's great it starts with an earthquake. Birds and snakes and aeroplanes.
Winning is about heat, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
For dinner/starters: Try our People's Choice/awarding-winning CONCH SLIDERS, micro cilantro, mango scotch bonnet glaze, tostones
lol the truth Ruth
Off to LA I goes!
Just got my tickets for Tiger Jam to see and John Mayer! Can't wait for #vegas!
I don't follow.
Best movie of all time is Dazed and Confused. It's better than Breakfast club and 16 candles..
No pardons for our turkey this year. We need a delicious stuffing-delivery vehicle.
I watched just two weeks ago over here in Afghanistan. Another Soldier told me about it. Cute movie.
its the power of Avery Bradley.
Yo yo, throw some butter on that lobster!
Thankful to have good friends and a good boyfriend :)
Trying to make your lunch when you have no food or cheez its <<<
Why on earth would anyone vote Republican. They sure don't vote for US.
Please like us on Facebook! You can find us by searching rx2you
#Padres vs. Roy Halladay. Expectations=low
Will never forget 360 spin move layin Greg Stiemsma put on tiny guard on fastbreak for Randolph HS. Ridiculous athleticism for size
How old is JC ? c;
what time?
Buyers of US beef keep importing after mad cow case - Reuters
Almost!? Why do you hate freedom?
i take comfort in the fact that i have stolen your crown
Iveth she's pretty cute too.
holy shit I had no clue. That's how the lotso the bear the baby and the clown got lost in toy story 3
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it. (via )
Goodnight to all!
hahahahhahaha it said left the room and the awkward girl typed "ew" lolol
die then kiss alex then go to the limo and faint haha.(:
A.W.O.L. Charlotte -► Check It!
Thanks dude! Hope the holidays are treating you well. Stay warm!
And we are on the move... Hint: the next stop starts with downtown and ends with brown... Now find the pink cast!
I brought children into this dark world because it needed the light that only a child can bring. - Liz Armbruster
Hey, my crafties, what's it like to have two shops? Is there a good way to link them together?
High School Basketball Season!!!!! Trying to Make a Future From it. Starts In the Off-Season and Ends With a Champoinship.
she's a family doc and it's at a clinic in a Spanish neighborhood. I love it
RT : Not cool Meta World Peace. Not cool.
. never ceases to impress with what a fucking great friend he is. Thanks for being a good dude. And the bottle of Ketel One.
Freaking A! Yukon Cornelius is trending! :) Tis the season!
I haven't been this not okay in a long time.
Congrats!! I love your reporting..Good Luck!!
Thanks for the tips and the inspirations!
Do your homework, Alyn.
someone be the best person in the world and do my dictionary squared!
you always got some weird ass late night snack wit ya greedy ass.
Let's go knicks
yeah it's overwhelming, but what else can we do?
you going to the ABDC taping tomorrow?
I'm looking for specific Twitter lists on academic, public, and school librarians, as well as LIS students. Any help would be loved :)
Leave him a bill.
#1DtourUSA my older sister loves u guys, could u do a shoutout 2 jackie for her?:) -Bailey<3 June2 section 203 seat 25 row D
WOW ! So is sleeping & my grandpa goes & asks her £are yu asleep ?" Like come on now !
My clocks sprang forward but my body didn't!!
Attended brief webinar on GeoChat software. Wonderful!
Sweet dreams! Don't let the box bugs bite!
let's hope not email! "man of email?"
Man, why is Judge Judy such a cunt?
I saw it live and on replay. The ump shielded his view, and the ball was hit hard.
Putting together some succulent arrangements for the NYC Imperial Capital office
I had the same thought. The dates appear to line up. Have to ask French and Co if they got it from Symes.
I tried, man. Stop servicing hobos in alleyways and pick up yer phone!
hell motherfukin yea gettin a lot money in tis bitch bout to make it rain like a motherfuker mi nigga
He was actually drunk??? haha
Thai Chi and a morning walkabout. I feel energized!
what's on ur agenda
Cheers and would still love to review your wines!
RT RT if you wanna see Tom Brady end up with 666 yards passing.
Hope we get to come to Maryland some time!
Awesome! What an adventure. And I'm assuming you love it here? (My one-yr anniversary is this weekend).
Stop changing the subject...
Opened Webster's to picture of human kidneys. Thought label said human kindness. Took several seconds to puzzle it thru. Must be
Kobe rapes a girl cheats on his wife gave Lamar a blow job and the commish for the Nba gets a hand job from him so its an even trade right
About to Go Chop It Up With My Main Man #PowerMoves BlackShadeMafia
Incoming TKC freshmen! Are you interested in ? Email us at the tent @ tkc dot edu and we will connect!
Glad you stopped by - I have a feeling I'm going to be busted for staying on twitter too long this morning!
Thanks for the #FF! Oh we mean GRACIAS.
Great story on social's self-promo problem. I can see why this is an issue - it's mostly just "look how cool this is!"
Going swimming with Allison! :)
On how busy we are really. Add another $400-$500 the next week on payday Friday and that's at least $800-$1000 paycheck.
Spent the whole day out side it's warm out
I can't wait to take my 8 yr. old son to an Indians game! maybe a MLB game too!
as far as i'm concerned, ev day is #nutelladay ! :-)
When will you be starting an EdTech Podcast?
Nah, I'm just going overboard. If I had PB cookies I'd be grateful for them too!
I havnt opened mine yet :((
I wonder if I can get part of my paycheck converted to Schrute Bucks?
It was a great time. Jeff...there's an app for that. Thanks!
Woman in stretch pants, smoking a cigarette, shouts at me while I speed past her: BIKE PUSSY!
have a happy New Years <3 Kellie
Why can't Boehner be honest? We know who the "Adult in the Room" is, so sit down & shut up GOP! Again, the Nation will suffer!
Will these ugly bitches please stop looking back here. I have nothing for you.
If there is magic on this planet, it is contained in water.
Ladies want the best fitting plain tee? Go here ------>
I just don't care anymore.
Penguins come with their own tuxedo. Do you? Penguins > You
How Tami gon say Kesha take everything personal but she do it all the time. Everything she saying about Kesha is how she is.
Kidnapping? I prefer term "surprise adoption"
Scanner Monitor Lewiston and Memphis Unconscious person in a vehicle. Update:person was just sleeping in the car but look for possible cars.
Maybe sooner
First day of work. You're looking at the new face of Rite Aid
So giving a guy a concussion is only a 7 game suspension--did the Saints Coaching Staff make this decision?
thanks pretty
Just four more days!!!
you better cover your mouth...lol..
Happy Chinese New year! Bring on the dragon.
oh snap. : Marco Rubio has courageously endorsed Mitt Romney & has also come out in favor of Ruben Studdard over Clay Aiken
Think I just saw sway from MTV
“You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.”—Khalil Gibran
Clippers Baby!!!!!!
Is getting ready for our sweetest day specials tomorrow & Saturday ...
Listening to some of your music now on the road to our next gig. Sounds great!
happy memorial day weekend you guys ,with love er
I've literally been selling old clothes and books and DVDs. I think blood is the next step.
Thank you. You are too bby.
HUD modified the existing policies related to 2 of its asst programs to give unemp homeowners time to obtain a job before losing their homes
John great post. Thoughtfulness is key to assessing options. But big prob is bldg only focus not looking at groups/context.
For great teen travel opportunities with sponsor Westcoast Connection come check out #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Sunday!
" you're like a miniature Buddha, covered with hair"
A man who doesn't dream has nothing to work towards and a man who has nothing to works towards has nothing 2 look forward 2.
I'm having the same reaction RT : My #FridayReads is THE UNCOUPLING by Meg Wolitzer, which I'm trying really hard to like.
oh nvm didnt see this tweet...everything is political smh...
Morning busy body :) RT : good morning
Watch Lady Cavaliers play on www.accselect.com
I wish I lived in the 80s
Done with classes early!!!
Hmm, maybe you're on to something now!
RT : Can anybody explain to me why Javy Guerra and Kenley Jansen don't switch roles? No, they can't.
Thanks for the support!! RT Congrats ! This #KS #Startup Raises $1.1 Mill for It's Mobile Marketing Shop!
Come visit us tonight at the Two Nation Vacation Travel Show at 5pm-7:30pm. Free parking & WIN PRIZES!
I'm to lazy to finish spamming.
Good Afternoon. The beginning of freedom is realizing that you are worthy of being free.
it should be attn single women and gay men... jus sayin. lol
I was picking out sizes that didn't even fit me, 50 of the exact same shirts.....
I mean, they're the Vikings--- logic need not apply.
Wish I had video of Peter Jakab's wonderful talk w/Discovery #NASASocial about the role of museums & power of objects to educate & inspire.
Absolutely amazing show Friday! Thanks to everyone who came out and made it a night to remember!
Sen. Daniel squadron calls ny's campaign financing system "the wild west."
And you go right back to not texting back.
who's going to Boardners?
oh man was caught!! bo no more
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. Geroge Sheehan
Oops - I meant ASIST Student Chapter award to - sorry
I'll move on baby just like you...when the desert floods, and the grass turns blue, it'll break my heart but I'll get through
Shout out to 1 of the 5 people i know from Boston. Home boy is cool as fuck. Follow him!
Every manager does this. Sometimes it works, sometimes.. not so much RT : Chris Perez in a non-save situation. Agree or disagree?
are you coming to florida anytime soon? (:
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you
Been to Iceland? If not, you're missing a fantasyland
Dee Gordon with a sacrifice fly bringing in a run 5-1 #Dodgers bottom of the 4th
Reserve a small section of your #vegetable garden for herbs or integrate them into your landscape
say hiccup right when youre about to hiccup. works everytime!
don't think we've met, sorry if we have. u r in CLE? visited the office a few times, it is a great space and my hometown!
Thanks. It's good to have some stability while I'm writing the diss.
we are fans of yours already!!!! who couldn't be a fan of a fellow flower lover?!
everything is good man. just trying to figure things out and make a living playing music. whats good with you?
LOL kids say the darndest things!
Wait. It passed? I've been on public transit. Someone hold my wig.
": Can't decide!! Aren't they all so good for it being the first week?! "who watched dancing with the stars??? who is your fav?"
Medal of Distinction given to Helene Gayle at #barnard 2012 RT : She heads CARE focusing on women & girls around the world.
12-25-83 #Superdome Butch Reed and Jim Neidhart lose Mid South tag belts to Mr. Wrestling II and Magnum TA
Selling xbox 360 for $250. Need money for website development. anyone want?
It's actually a village.
yeaah its on the schools website! so im pretty suree!
It's a blizzard out there.
181 days until vacation day. Bad play on the same sex marriage. Or good play if you want to play some golf with me.
gotta love Barkley for the praise he is giving our boy Cousins!
RT Eating porn and watching ice cream. yes, I know.
And the class offerings are AMAZING. I was able to test out of Algebra 2 and got a jump on Art History for college.
House ties game at 48...hightower steals ball. Addison setting up offense looking for lead.
Of course not! Left out because I thought it would a tad too techie. Thanks for the call out.
Why did he fight?
RT : In no state can a minimum wage worker afford a 2 bedroom apartment working a standard 40 hour work week....
yes please let's just be soft & squishy & fuzzy!!!
I know but they do show the old classics. He was a sword fighter. tweetador matador . see what I mean now. haha
Georg Michael,Georg Leonhard,Johann Georg,Johann Georg Michael, Philip Carl,Philip August Leonard...tackling my german Pfeifers.
Watching #FrozenPlanet for the first time... already love it. Pretty awesome shots of nature in all its glory.
I wanna stay in tonight but then again I don't.
What a double standard! If a woman Senator had posed nude - she would get neg press
Can I be blonde again?
Obama pointing to military as best template for public service. WRONG!! But he was elected by unthinking robots, and hopes for more.
What's crackin
Playing tonight at 3 Brothers in Murfreesboro at 8:30. Opening for The Great Anthony Adams
when Rose and Bridgette dove over the wall
DON'T JUDGE ME!:D
just saw at netherworld. he's too cute (:
Not believing the Blekko hype just yet in early tests. Cool tech? Yes. Game changer? No.
Cosmic is HILARIOUS! I want to give it to every kid I know!
can you follow me💙
Both great films!
and are in Florida... WHAT THE FUCK AM I DOING HOME?!
go get em girl😃 I'm sure your 'ginger man' will defend you :P
The Following on Fox looks promising
Or we can trend Enhcancers love Lisa Chance XD come on lets trend something for Greyson's mommy :D
have you tried nootropics?
We should team up. Follow us back! We are about making baseball big in Miami & personal trips to the park & analysis!
Minds are like parachuets, they only function when they are open!
Thanks Julieann! RT A timeless piece! RT : The Paraguas Chandelier from is wonderful...
I got lost in the mall by myself cause my friends walked off, then a creeper dude started following me and I found my friends then cried<3
RT GanstaProfeciez Fly money is the life I chose
yes, yes
AH, I always get put into a good mood when the Notebook is on 😍
Have you entered the prize bundle.. Well then.. enter & listen on
is too much!
Doing a 6500 sup upgrade, and using Winmerge to compare the configs for current production/new one in lab. Awesome tool! Yeah Opensource!
FOLLOW she's amazing and followes back! . =)
's conflict of interest in speaking to a GOP advocacy group needs to be called out big time.
Molly Stevens'
the Heat win once again.... 1-0
i just made #oreoballs. i am such a good woman.
lol I've been slacking too! Been too busy! Lame lol
#518bear and I missed it?
She didn't tweet for me ):
when are you guys coming back to dallas???
RT Last 12 goals in this series: NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS-NYR-WAS. I'm sorry if that felt like I was yelling.
I think the post office should make Jon Stewart stamps. May bring in a younger crowd and keep the post office relevant!
Hello Des Moines, IA! Tonight The Melismatics play The Vaudeville Mews.
wait Dr. Laura's still around? Ah, run!
the entire staff was blown away. well done. RT: Thanks and I'm glad you like Nothings Real But Love. X
I love Charlie Wilson.
Thanks guys!! Congrats on the Keith Urban #1!!
Yeah it was too easy.
had to make moves b, and idk about the jar b not right now at least
Crenshaw Subway "People's Motion," BRU and FTA, Westside Subway, Regional Connector...want to guess what time the Metro Board Meeting ends?
I miss you
even on middle school lev where I coach,refs think they're bigger than the game.I would've made Bobby knight very proud!!!!
~Good Morning
Just a few days away from #CA Technologies CA World event in Las Vegas! Come see #FiberLight, we will be near the cloud!
My aunt said "I never really wore heels casue I was always into short guys"
Sitting here at my dining room table, looking out onto my deck, where the flowers I planted are blooming...I just feel completely grateful.
23. I LOVE ANYTHING 80S RELATED
*field #writer :/
We're happy to do it! I'll put $100 in your account and you can put it in?
Good luck today. Believe you'll be the difference
this falafel is a total game changer. DELICIOUS.
welcome home! How was Toronto?
": Has a guy ever asked if he can keep your underwear? WTF no!" <------- fucking gross lmfao
The queen of second place.
such a beautiful day....... to go to drivers ed. #4moredays 😊👊
Hey Eboni, I'll be back sometime in October. I'll let you know. Thanks!
Hello and Thank you Tina, great job
I want to see #yongblood become a trending topic.
hey puffy-lipped-penciled-in-eyebrows mexican girl, settle the fuck down
Girl in the next car over
i see the videos i want hear that hot mixtape real talk alot of people ears waiting ya boy Alley mashing
My mustache is itchy. It must be this high pollen count.
that's a great question. I'm on the train now. My head is bobbing a bit. I saw on Facebook: "sleep is for the weak" lol
Want to learn something check out NYC's top Architect You can check him on Bravo Bethenny Ever After
Ha! That's great.
EW that sucks 😞 haha we shall find some interesting tidbits from AA to add to that though ;)
I hope the boys and the girls on my team go to state I really hope we al do
be careful his bowtie is really a camera
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen
If you haven't already, go ahead and follow my company If you do, you win a unicorn! Ok not really but it's still cool.
Enjoyed Easter Sunday, aka Resurrection Day, with church then great food at the Cheesecake Factory in LA. Now, time to get to work!
Can I get a Ph.D in Evolutionary Biology from Greece Continuing Education...
That really Hurt , but hey I don't have feeling's huh?! why should I even bother.
Great play by Cush!
THIRSTY THURSDAY, ALL TAP BEER ONLY $3.00 from 7:22 to Close
cant wait to c that
i just watched it....didnt really like it she couldve did better
We have so many great schools in Houston! Which high school is the BEST?
Ha! You would have to fix ur own divets!!! LOL!
Moms all ways have your back know matter what. We only have one n it's not replaceable.
I agree with . re Isaacson's total miss of Jobs. Wish he would have written the bio, as the leading voice who totally gets Apple.
Get out the way move tramp, its the 15th I got my food stamps.
Wish your mom a Happy Mothers Day for me?(: May she have a blessed day! Without her, you wouldn't be chasing your dreams.<3
...wow sounds like she's a lucky woman!!lol
News4-going on the air right after #CapsBruins game. will have highlights and analysis of game 5. Series continues Sunday on NBC
Triciaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! We need to talk... ;)
Day 3 in Oakland! Standby for the pic of the day on Facebook!
You can either win the contest by referring new followers in the next two hours or purchase it on Amazon!
#WaysToImpressMe BE YOURSELF always STAY TRUE TO WHO YOU ARE!
your the both two in one multiple choice answer
I love my tiny bed and the sound of the AC right now.
No way this "Help" campaign wins.
Midwestern State. That's interesting.
One game left in NBA first round: Clippers at Grizzlies on Sunday at 1 p.m. ET, noon Central -- winner gets the Spurs starting Tuesday.
Albert Kingsbury Albert Kingsbury | New Home Specialist | Experience, Integrity, Results ~With 9 years experience, I have the ear and for
RT Glad to hear another Great #OpOliver project happened with
..fml. have you met mac already?
If ifs and buts where nuts then we'd all have a Merry Christmas :)
I really enjoy #ANTM British Invasion. British gals use the best lingo and sound so awesome saying it. Fan dobby dozzy!!
Is that an "i" or an "o" at the end of the word??
Competence =/= enjoyment. Besides, it requires a very deep pit. Where are we going to dig it?
It's beyond a lack of compassion. You can lack compassion without inflicting the cruelty yourself. Romney inflicted the cruelty.
Halfway watching laugh at my pain, but not laughing...smiled a couple times and even chuckled to myself a bit, but knee slapping lol, nah.
In the school gym with my girls c:
Now that its offical about my new gig at The Place, I need to get the bar some more followers here on Twitter. Please follow
Yes this is my favorite store !!!
If you're starting a business or working on an invention, you should attend the Intellectual Property in Academia Seminar Series 2/22, 3pm.
Only hood thing about having to stay home tonight bonding time with my ugly bro watch the bulls kill :)
Merry Christmas, Lewis!
is she the one you are missing
Louis Gaudinot put Lineker to sleep just in time to switch over and catch the Kentucky Derby. Well done, Gaudinot. Well done.
lmaoooooo u got 2 left feet?
I watched the first episode last week. My one word review is "meh".
her: i mean, we're talking about bombay, so they're OBviously not gonna be renovating anytime time soon-- me: what does that mean? her: ..
rihanna's forehead...is an issue
its like really hot outside!!
Miss all you guys.. can't wait to sell out durty nellies on June first with you!
follow me back son
Is on instagram or is it just someone tht looks EXACTLY like him??
Follow Samplesaint and learn how you can save $$$!
Cute Photo
He could be pulling my plane back to Seattle tomorrow, you never know.... good night!
-Hi Dolls!Sent you an email on behalf of who referred me to you!Pulling for a music video!Want to feature xox
Tony, I need help launching my business, I am a persistant entrepreneur that needs a partner or an investor, any advice? PLEASE
Territory News - Disney Music As Well As Lights Walker In Sweet- disney music
finally! All the foot traffic at the Metrodome was a nightmare if you had to travel through the city the day of a game.
wtf is up
hell legit shit yes!
anything for you :)
Thanks for the reminder this morning. I'd forgotten to register. See you at BioBuzz..
Players need to play, owners need to own
yay! See you then!
okay i already have something planned! Text me mañana
At Da House Chillin Wit No Shirt On Tryna Do A Singing Video Bt I Cn Find A Song
Cuz your nips too hard right now.
I hate you.
The library can be a loud speaker for which businesses have corporate social responsibility programs.
so excited to hear it! I can't wait!!!
And that's all for the raffle, kids! THANK YOU for a fabulous event!!! Until next time... :-)
oh my bad
If you look at everyone of your friends fb or twitter. In the last weeks. They have posted. "Wtf or i don't care anymore or is school over?"
good luck
I'm seriously about to eat my arm off .
I'm sorry but Justin Bieber's new song is not good. It's weird. I don't ever want to hear JB say 'swag'.
Can any one help me with followers? I really want to spread my story
--starting fires!
MY ASS IS NOT THAT FUCKING BIG !!!!!!
Impromptu inaugural cocktails at 6:30. All y'all are invited. Anyone who brings a MacBook power cable will be featured guest.
Hey guys just got IOS5 for my ipad2
I haven’t used xtranormal but it looks cool – let me know how you make out!
I agree
Im playing the Hunger Games Adventures BETA!!!!!!!!!!!!! sneak peel! I got chosen specially... =D
the...standard way? lemmee see if there's a website that describes my method...
Once Luck, Griffin get names called, real fun will begin. I already expect the #Vikings to throw a curveball, #Browns to follow.
Special Olympics games a success - Marshalltown Times Republican
A woman came in right behind us dropping off a couple more. Woot!
16 DAYS TILL MISS AMERICA!!
Sometimes I wish I didn't give a shit!
i just did(:
thanks for the RT!
One Word To Describe Your Day...
I thought Thursday night was open mic there... But I forget... Seen a few... Never funny!!!
Whoops! Sorry about all the blog tweets! Tweet Old Posts has a mind of its own sometimes.
Mom said she would get me two dogs when I graduate Law school. 26 years too late.
Fuuu things aren't going good for me right now ):
Gong to see me some @ tonight at 8!(: ah! Love him!<3(:
Thanks, for those kind words and the #FF. Really nice.
See if this one moves you, m dada m dada diyiyiyiyadaaaa"
“: it is gonna happen every morning” lol yes it is
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
The Show was Amazing Guys & now needs to keep this show around #ForSure #OutLawGarage!
So the Secret Service can use her. LOL
thanks for following my sister :D
RT Kick Off the Weekend w/ Free Ambhar Tequila & Live Music Tonight at Venetian's Newest Venue Smokin' Hot Aces from 6-9pm
“: happy birthday!!! 🎉” thanks Sean! love you
Not the first I'd been asked. Some thought I looked like him too! Just a random name I chose back in 2001 to be honest.
same here work and school and the life of a single parent LOL I never sleep hahahaha
- Welcome Rob! Thanks for following! Love your video! Robin Lynch Aerialist
This game has set QB play back 50 years
i WANT A NEW TATTOO..NOT MAKE Mi BODY A SHEET OF PAPER...
I could do this but I choose not to RT : Bullwhip class is sunday 3/18/12 (tomorrow) at 5 pm!!! Hope to see our whipsters...
I got hella haters 😁 cus I'm ballin on em all day🎶✊💦
": thx Elizabeth. #Cheers!" You are welcome!
RED starts rehearsals today!
you look nice
just about. Sanfran area. Then again, if I dont grow the balls to accept something soon, I may be here a bit longer.
ehug my dear
Doing a decent job on defense. Executing the D gameplan well. Must get to shooters. On O, gotta FINISH easy layups! Can't stand & watch.
How sweet! I'm grateful too :)
Hi Buddy! Love them Bucks! Ditched FB. I was annoyed. How is everything? Hope job,kitty and apt are well!
ey! Follow us
great conversation last nite and thanks for the darts lesson Paul; next time I'll wear my glasses
seem to be having some network trouble here at #SPARC2012 grateful for tethering!
jealous of your hair
aw cuh I was about to be omw
Young Niggas run everything.....
Lets talk about your services when you can. Skype me!
does anyone know of a good Sous Chef in Jacksonville looking for a gig?
Cannot wait for the festivities!
The #orioles winning is great for baseball
Happy Halloween banana lovers!
you're welcome. Happy Friday!
made a couple dozen hot songs in the last couple months and now you think your fresh
that's why I got off FB. It's just a fucking tax.
After a week long post-#USPro hiatus, we're back! We're also at #Interbike this week, so stop by and see us at booth L-21!
Can't wait for this event!
This is even early for and she gets up at 4:30 to work out every morning
#mc220 yes, join us. Watching Dexter for class.
Ouch! Great rivalry.
Yet choose butter over margarine (which is only 1 molecule diff from PLASTIC)
Today we're featuring the wonderful Fox Chapel Area High School Concert Choir during our broadcast.
Great sustainability question, too! RT Question: What will your life look like in 10 yrs if you DON'T change? (Be honest)
#3WordsForYou so you mad?
Are you at Whiskey Chicks? If not, why not - it's FAT TUESDAY! Rum & whiskey specials + FREE concert: Kylie Morgan & Nicnos till 1 am!
Ed Sheeran in glasses pleases me very much.
You forgot to add a period to the end of that sentence. ;)
#GooglePlus, you remain a mystery. But I'm learning more about you via #Twitter (less cognitive dissonance, for now).
Dinner with and some of the NV and KY eyedocs. Hope my congressman wasnt bored with the shoptalk!
just put some awesome videos up on Youtube from Tipitina's Sunday Music Workshop featuring some very special young guests!
Did I mention the ONLY reason for being on Twtr is for my daily #BieberFix ?
Are you Hot do you have what it takes to Shine well share it with us at THE EROTIC .com chance at 50k
u have a lot of followers :O
wow that looks delicious
Don't complain about something if you're not doing anything to change it
2moro the studio is gettin remodeled after i get sum XLR extensions. I just hope the couch will fit in the other spot
what are you doing to pass the time before the big game?? How about a trip to Ipic for bowling or a movie!!!??
Hungry for volunteer work, cultural immersion, and adventure?! Join us at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor
Enjoyed my afternoon and tasting! Having and a sighting made it even better.
Bring it
Hard to tell from your profile pic, although from our vantage point you favor Rahsaan Roland Kirk.
How Much Buzz Do The Top 10 Global Brands Generate On Social Media? bit.ly/ceuEOr
school starts in 6 days.....i am really nerves couse i am at a new school and i dont know anyboday..... : (
thanks for the rt! Thoughts on the site?
Washington DC Chefs and Restaurateurs 4 seats left for tomorrow live AllerTrain class at #RAMW :30. #GlutenFree &
that movie is too funny, i loved it
Infusion Center Blues
Its me against the world so im sticking out my chest.
TGIF! Happy #FF to our new followers!
Be Happy ToDaY IS A FUNNY daY =P PLEASE foolow ME ThAnKs !! :D
I used to have a life, until social networks were created...
why, thank you! (; you know you do, too <3 I guess we're just #bomb. ^_^
no…. sad face :( Wish I was.
thank you for the follow! And I LOVE your icon!
Thirsty Thursday! Labor Day Weekend is starting TODAY at The Fly! 2 for 1 drinks until 7pm -- who's ready to party this weekend?!
your so fake
Landlord forgot keys, texted roommates. 1 roommate says "the kitchen window above the sink is unlocked. It's not desirable but it works" lol
No one has twitter but you and I. Everyone uses facebook.
I need sponsors for NAM. If you can help please let me know.
Have you decorated your house for Halloween yet?
Oh if I didn't say it U Welcome for Da Trey Pic.
I'm only 25 pages into "Room" and already loving it. The book definitely deserves all the praise it has gotten.
Can't be many prettier places to run stairs than Mt Helix just before sunset. Almost makes you forget the pain.
However they also turned in runaway slaves for money.
Seeing #GoodLuckJedward trending?? Is it on tonight or..?
Almost positive everyones staring at me. Got skrillex blasting in my ears. :D get ready for #springawakening !!!
Finally got the deeply embedded piece of glass out of my finger-- that was visiting since December. Yes :)
Well it's 2012 now for an hour already in Afgh. We have a weird time zone.
God please give me a little help...
hahahahahahahhahaha i miss katy .
Hello and Good morning Chicago! What a BEAUTIFUL day! Any #nonprofit events?
Craziest week of the year, here I come
finding that [HTML5] Facebook comments plug-in doesn't load comment stream at times; failure mapped to load upon FB servers?
Reading KEEPIN' IT HUSHED. Wondering about digital hush harbors.
& the back of yo neck was furred lol.
Not trying to start shit but why dont you fuck off? Theres no need to bash other bands its only gonna make people hate you more.
get some sleep (y)
UPDATE: California retailer Treasures Furniture in Chapter 11 SAN DIEGO — High-end retailer Treasures Furniture has filed for Chapter 11
RT : Got a pair of True Religion shorts and a Juicy purse for $16 yay //Thanks for coming in Devin!
LOL! NO DAMNIT! Okay fine..(puts hoodie on head and pokes out bottom lip)
I am such a girl.. I definitely have too many clothes & shoes
Checking out my dads new house by my grandmas! Excited :)
Can we get Quinn's sound clip to play after every "Young George" 3 pointer or dunk?
Follow us on Twitter and facebook for more updates. The Winner of the comp room in Las Vegas must be 21 years of age or older.. GOOD LUCK..
#usguyschat Products can be duplicated by your competitors. Focus on unique brand to build cust loyalty + competitive advantage
Why do wrinkle creams use way-too-young-to-ever-have-wrinkles aged models? Annoying.
My new twitter bff <33
Brewster thinks digitizing & lending all in-copyright but out-of-print books is OK? Might want to talk to about that
So I'm pretty sure I went in the best date ever with ! He was such a gentleman!...but then I woke up. #WishfulDreaming <3
RT *house lights dim* *cue fog machine* *cue music* *cue silhouette spotlight center stage* *cue stage lift* The LeRi...
Hey Rick what's the big puffy clouds called? You see them more when there's more humidity
god times my friend!
Never fear, SJH has staying power (as well as 40 years' worth of Godey's to quote). Thank you for the mention! :)
Leave you alone.
#IfICouldIWould go back in time and change everything
I wonder how much my lungs can't hold
' The wanna be hardest nigha in town!
A giant beef-rat the size of a sedan.
thanks for posting, and for your kind words! Xoxo
so true!
Hey UB students! Don't forget to check out AKPsi this spring. Rush is coming sooner than you think!! #
How do you like our new logo?? More updates to come soon from DC!
Boyz N the Hood is on VH1.....definitely in my top 10 movies
#DEATHSQUAD locked in to the #JRE! glad to hear is back :)
Nowak: In this business it is never easy to say goodbye.
I can't wait for summer to be here. Wish I didn't have to stay inside all evening to do schoolwork.
his sentence is actually longer (14 years), but he will most likely get out (sooner)
“: I'm on a seafood diet, I see food, and eat it.” thats your diet
Pitt sucks
Congrts for having a baby girl. Just great!!!
Nice to see Splitter hit that final shot but he has to go harder to the rim off that sick pass from Manu
Obsessed with Zayn.
In Ohio on the south shore of Lake Erie. Hope to have fun. . .
ME, SOMEONE LIKE YOU.
#dsoc Now - anne caputo on improving our public image. We have the info keys, why aren't we info royalty? We are but we don't say it clearly
“: I don't trust a mf soul. Too many snakes and phony ppl in the world.”
"Terminate ... with extreme prejudice."
Plushdamental 13a. Only befriend a Cubs fan if they can name 4 Cubs 13b. Explain to arrogant Cardinal fans to be more humble
Cookies and Brownies. Grr.
I like that Spike is going to see this conversation. Spike, the Knicks should be better next year
What's your favorite gluten and dairy free breakfast? www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
The new Dr. John record is really, really good.
Thanks for the follow, Lance *i just hope I never have to pronounce your last name in person*
A hair dresser just asked me if I wanted hair tinsel...
I'm sure it's been tweeted before, but it is so right that Carlos Santana plays catcher at Cleveland, the city of the Rock n Roll HofFame
Thank you amazing energy we love you all!
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
Landing Strip vs. Full Bush. Who's challenging them?
Uh oh, she sent a smiley face... She want the D !
and I are just looking out for you. Your almost MY age!
It's already the 21st of Oct??? Ah
I'm sick of being single
Interesting. The things I had issue with seem to indicate stupid suburban voters being ignorant
i really don't like short hair on women..unless its Ashley Judd
#FF The American People
HEY #BREWERS FANS!! Just got word: GM/President of Baseball Operations Doug Melvin will join us tomorrow at 9am!! SportsRadio
reports of crowd of angry bystanders screaming at cops in #OccupyNashville for arresting protesters
The good news is is buying me dinner at Double Windsor tonight. I've been starving myself all day in preparation.
Damn its always the 'innocent' ones.
I wanna be in porto right now, so bad
God, and oh really, well that is interesting ;) x
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The computer software is so rigged it really is a joke. What ever u do don't play.
Today's General Hospital recap: "Barack and Robin talk marriage."
Come join us in the beefeaters for our 2nd Congressional District Forum!
Natalie doing crowd work. RT : Natalie there. she mentioned she was going to be guest PA tonight
Why isn't the high rate of new displacements in Colombia front page news around the world?
#mla12 #s215 : pros of this model: lots of Emory faculty involvement
I don't care how many times I do it, sending an email to hundreds of thousands always gives me the jitters.
Is it Friday yet? Ughh come on Friday let's go
#cool twitter decide to not load anymore.
When you have children yourself, you begin to understand what you owe your parents. -Proverb
Quiet ride home. Think folks are mentally drained. Excited. But drained.
Ms. Finke is not pro sag, and beyond the copyediting errors in this story, other reports say no such investigation exists.
Eagles fans going to love Mychal Kendricks. Just listening to him talk gets the juices flowing. Man seems filled with passion.
done. Where can we play in charleston?
I Hate that People Always Have to Mess with my fucking feelings Man </3 :(
#Walker pissing off Hulu viewers in #WI & neighboring states w/ad overload. Promoted tweets also annoying as hell.
For a stimulating change of perspective, make a cup of Darjeeling Pussimbing and search “powers of ten” on YouTube.
Making it's autumnal debut is our delicious Apple Cinnamon flavor at Porter Square! Nom down on it along with Nutella and always Original :)
Perhaps next year 2Teachers &a Microphone will play Coachella w/a hologram of the 9,500 teachers getting pink slips in
well i am so happy that today was your best day ever :)
Up to 85 degrees today? Is it still March, or did I miss a month or two? :-)
be careful! It was awesome to meet you!
That season finale was beautiful.
President James Monroe, born this day in 1758, studied #law under
You Welcome
You're in america, don't speak Spanish. I know you're talking about us.
ah! Hell yeah :) I cannot help myself!!!!!! :') hahaha ;P Twitter is just amazing! :D
97 flawed items in the test, 97 flawed items...
they're lucky to have you! Hope it's a good group.
Fucking Alice in Wonderland.
My "photography skills" might make me some extra cash at the job soon! ( :
May the Fourth be with all of our followers! Always.
