yes I'm down!!! We have to figure something out
is going on next!
hi. I just saw this. I miss you too. and yes we are hanging out soon. k bye.<3
but... is the moustache... ME?
Justin Beiber is coming for you >.> Lmfao.
Editing a blog is kinda like being an English teacher, but without grades.
Happy last day of finals! Final grades are due 12/21
omg my birthday ;)
Have u ever holla @ a chick & she started acting all fly in the air funny thing im a pilot I normally decrease their cruising altitude
omg I've always wanted to go there ! which one ? i heard the one in NYC is the best .
Tilapia, so good :)
Hey guys it's , I'm the new co-owner :)
We always did hard-boiled - but yes, we decorated eggs every year!
Keep ignoring me... I can see you're reading my text messages.
#HIRING - I have ACCOUNTS PAYABLE positions in Largo, #TAMPA, AND Brandon. $end #Résumé to
of rogue nations, especially those in the Arab world. We need a president who will also stand with our Middle East ally, Israel.
Kinda, sorta wishing I didn't sell my Coachella ticket after Arcade Fire and Mumford & Sons' Grammy Performances.
forget where do you live not to be mena but for real
morning Dana.
the cheer clinic thing
Appt made at student health, maybe soon I'll stop whining?
we'll try our best to soon :)
Yo my hand is still hurting from Saturdays game... Smh...
Animations still not done...Grrr. Gonna send a polite txt to our Art Director.... "PPPLLLLEEEAAAASSE Finish!!!"
Shathea ass almost killed me and sht !
Congrats ! RT : Godden only candidate endorsed by MLKCLC, consideration of others postponed."
Music is a way of life..... A release, a treat, the experience of the world..... what's your tune?
Feels like summer
"He looks like a Telletubbie." says in reference to a certain young boy.
Least Surprising Headline Award goes to NYT for "Troubled History Emerges for Suspect in Oakland Shooting"
planning some awesome surprises :)
not funny 😒
I am not going to school tomor yea boy
acupuncture weight loss treatments mainly aim to suppress appetite and assist in acquiring the lifestyle change to maintain healthy weight.
Hush, my darling ... be still, my darling. The Lion's on the phone.
RT : Delsym, steamed veggies, steamed chicken, and white rice for dinner. Followed by benedryl for dessert.
ALSO WE HAVE KIRKO BANGZ AT IBIZA JUNE 6TH GET YOUR TABLES NOW BEFORE THE PRICE SKY ROCKETS CALL 202-200-7627
Alright fuck. Somebody describe an honest relationship to me.
butt pillow?
Thanks. I'm trying. Dinner was tough. I wanted to go back for 2nds, but didn't. I can't wait to hit the gym.
Thanks for stopping by WUWM! We really enjoyed listening to your in-studio performance again!
Gym TIME!! After fucking/sucking&& licking dicks!!
Ravens fans really going to hate Colts now. We stole their team, defensive coordinator, players...now we send them Caldwell and Painter?!
in this case they most certainly do!
Racked up shawty.
haha love me some digital wizardry...you better tell me if u see a fire boat!
i miss how austin used to tell us everything that happened everyday and now he randomly posts Just landed in LA! (Example)
Houston, we have a problem.
Awesome!! Love this!
Don't forget to call the MUNCHIE EXPRESS on your Thirsty Thursday!
Therapy = tweeting
I swear the same people annoy me on here on a daily basis telling me every single bit of their life story
People need to get over what said about Toronto. Hes right. There isnt ANYTHING like the Ralph. Not just Toronto.
Please contact me for ADAAA/OFCCP/AAP training. What companies do not do will cost them! Market share and fed. fines. :(
Solid weekend of gigging. I know I'm doing the right thing in life when I wake up in the morning and want more.
when do you go to Ozark? This week? Next week? Can't remember.
ok, yeah, thats what i meant.
Award winning >>> How was the big bash??
You'd make that play.": I'm glad Ramirez is at 3B this year, but McGehee and Green both make that play. #Brewers"
Mitch Williams on MLB Netwotk pointed out that Chipper hit balls over 900 ft in that last at-bat.
September is officially over! No more weddings or other weekend time-suckers til Dec. Bought 2 bottles of champagne to celebrate! Ooah-ooah!
lmaoo me too!
For you who thought #WIrecall is now the reason for lost jobs, remember that turned down millions that would've created jobs.
Nick Saban!!!! Final Statement.
I loved that rant on O&A about the hometown thing. Hilarious.
O la la la diamonds are a girls best friend
"If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball."
Remember when Roy Jones Jr. could fight? Knocked out in 1st rd. by some stiff last night. Sad.
Why were u fired from #TheGameBET??? What r they smokin'? It was originally your spinoff! Welp, won't B watchin nxt season. :-(
Its Wednesday!!!! 3 1/2 weeks of school left! 20 days left!!!
Going to see Wicked the Musical tonight!!!
Politicians seek power, not ideals. Pursuit of power threatens Tech evolution because it conflicts with political control. e.g.
About to see deerhoof in 1 minute. Yes!!
I'm on your side!! Good luck & have a blessed a happy Thanksgiving!!
i did(: hope you're having a good day too<3
when are you leaving?
I saw the recent Ancient Aliens episode on the Dinos. Thousands of rocks with pics of people together with Dinos, even riding! WILD!
So, see you at #primeroast on June 2nd?
No rest needed. I'm seeing some sick punk bands @ The Rosebud tonight like A Minor
loved the Hulk series!
Studying for the test actually paid off! :D
weres that at ..
Moving a lot of used machines these days. If you have anything to sell or looking for a used machine to purchase, call me! 888-BRAUSSE!
Ah... ok. That'll be cool for sure.
Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity.
RT : MT #bloomingdaledc farmer's market starts again May 13th, 10 am!
Now tuned into !!! Biggup !!
no he had to work his other job today..dont assume where i'm at lol
I hope pettitte pitches when I'm in new york
You can row ACROSS the ocean & still be scared of a roller coaster? Nice! Or...maybe Barry's freak out is not what I think it is?
Breakfast: Good time for Sriracha? Or BEST time for Sriracha?
that's fucked up. The only place to drink wine is in church?
Watch another piece on SCAN on KCPQ 13 News at 10pm tonight (also airs on channel 10 at 9:00).
Schedule away! :)
Hey darlin'! Don't ask such leading questions, lol. I'm working on a new cover for To Protect the Innocent. Need your opinion
The is a delicious treat to have on a hot day after a quick air brush tan.
-- Thanks for the mentions! Have a great week!
Your Team is playing Today @ Joe's..........Come out and support them!!!!!!!
has some really amazing photo albums in its Western Americana collections. Spent the day working on some. Pretty fun.
It's been a while. Help me out - where's the "like" button here? :) RT For bigger projects...it can be helpful to wait.
happy Mara Monday:)
absolutely...good stuff...look forward to the vid I did with
CASTING BEAUTY QUEENS SEPT 26 FROM 9:00 TO 1:00PM IN TEMPE AZ LOOKING FOR ALL AGES pass this on
and then I realized you were just lazy -__-
I love the man who can smile in trouble, gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection. - Thomas Paine
I'll keep my eyes peeled.
that is hilarious. Thanks for sharing.
Just intv RG3's family they say they can feel how much Washington wants their son
I LOVE YOU Justin hope you get better im praying for you!! <3
You obviously don't remember when it would be monsoon season in the valley and sunshine and rainbow happiness in downtown Juneau
Virginia REAL!
At UTEP, feels weird not having to go to class, study, or have papers due. Oh well! Come to the show tonight! Commonwealth, 1030!
You name of good organizations - What about the packers?
appreciate response but very disappointed.Will be going to for future flights,one too many bad experiences with you
Amazing read.. you won't be disappointed!
Well he ain't THIS Allen West! If he were you'd have left him a long time ago.
let me check this for you. Can you tell me how many people and are you wanting to come out for the Ludacris event.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece
#TomAndJerry Boy do I remember just laying down on my bed as a kid and watching a mouse and a cat beat the shit out of each other :D
#globaliq campaign kick-off Stay tuned in LA, Miami and Dominican Republic
Ice storm knocked our power out overnight and I woke up frozen!! Ugh... Back on now, though. Thank you, PECO!!
I'm so happy the rain stooped. Happy 4th of July everyone.
MT“: Pres. Obama's public schedule tomorrow: four events, all fundraisers" How much is it costing me as a tax payer?
I've seen that YOLO before,can you tell me what is that?
maybe in select early showings, but not released nationally
Do u get a notification evertime I favorite your tweet?
where in San Diego are you located? There should be some magazines left in Pacific Beach at the shops and bars!
Homie be like let me hold some cuz; I'm like nigga you grown; homie like cuz we ain't nun but 13; I'm like fucc that got to do with me lmao
MT Dems put out release attacking Mourdock on Social Security, Medicare, jobs. That didn't take long
Yeah. Okay. Well.
Owling will begin when arrives at
nope I tried to tell you one night to stop & you just kept going! haha
the Disneyland Modern Family episode was so funny 😂
Favre, just for the excitement (even though the disaster potential is huge too). Of course I might be biased.
that sounds like the greatest countdown ever!!
: I want to become 's Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet to Tks in advance.
awwe poor baby, i'm sorry.. ):
Let's see what will happen tomorrow...
Woohoo! Dr. Hadley!
Ughh I have math homework that I didnt doo and im going back to school tomorrow:/
Thanks so much! If you need a ticket to our show on the 16th - let us know, we have a bunch still left. $10!
I became convinced that non cooperation with evil is as much a moral obligation as cooperation with good. ~Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
Hey now, we've got to make it rain somehow.
we've got plenty of bandwidth, what we don't have is a willingness to adopt from without and we have way too many regulations.
Happy Mother's Day to you Moms!
Can't stand you, Benitezzzzzz
Thanks, Bryan.
how do you think unc will be with out marshall? bobby frasier has experience, but he is no marshall.
So sleepy and hungover at work, plus a little bummed. Thank goodness for One Direction on the new cd at work!
I cant believe you stood and me up last night
haha you must be a loser too since your talking to one :p
if you purchase general tour tickets online do you have to print them...or can they be picked up at will call?
I'm for sure getting a hedgehog, but who is gonna take care of it when i deploy? : /
Cannot wait for Teen Wolf season 2! Too bad I leave for vacation the day before it airs...
McDonalds trip for SST on the way to our show!
I keep keeping on just to keep keeping on. I have no reasons. I have no aim. I am the runner. I live to put what's ahead of me behind.
please traffic just let me get home already😞
has the same problem RT : Needless to say, I couldn't stop eating
#nf appreciate the follow....
can't wait for wrestlemania!
I should always return to twitter to find the two of you discussing sci-fi, my failings, and pop racism.
Do it! :) #genesiswp is such a solid foundation to build on.
I want to see Kennan Thompson do a Jacob Lusk impression.
You see things; and you say, "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say, "Why not?" --- George Bernard Shaw
Jazz and NPR always remind me of my favorite bookstores... you know who you are.
I hope she wouldn't set fire to you
you've got my vote <3 you are AMAZINGG!!
Didnt eat lunch so I'm headed to Subway
Watts, spin that "Someday" by Scarface w/Faith Evans...my mom loves that song!!!
awesome ... will try to swing by this weekend!
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
My last tweet is for you! :)
good morning Percy. I try really hard not to miss them!
you've been playing amazing!! Keep up the great work
Anyone other than tweeting at the Residency event?
There is a special place in Hell reserved for musicians who uses autotune to distort their voices in songs.
Pirates sometime this weekend?
See you tomorrow night at the big Robot Party!!
Dear Walgreens: when I need to wait in line at your pharmacy for 20 minutes, fuck you.
Hey graduating seniors! We want to hear your success stories (jobs, grad school, etc.) Email .edu
I'd ask u to use chortle in a sentence but you just did, and my mind is still blown.
this weekend? Wish I could, but I'm on lockdown! Lol I got some projects to start for school!
#nba I remember showtime 80's 90's when the players played for the game and not for the money Shaq Kobe Lebron destroyed the game
On the way to School , Pretty Late . But , Oh Well Ima G Lmao & Todays Friday ☺
Every rep today felt like I was lifting tons of weight. Tired and low energy.
#Colbert 's Lorax poem was pretty good
sounds interesting
thanks for joining us today. Team roots.
#idol - Phillip's wasn't the greatest vocal but was so freakin' cool. So fun and just flat out sweet.
I just registered for the Chicagoland Unconference for 05/31/2012. It's the best $20 I will ever spend.
Wyndham Vacation Rentals Announces Savings in Honor of Mother&#39;s Day
okay, probably a little bit in a weird way.
All I will say at this point is its a first step in bringing BC to one of the fastest growing communication platforms.
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW BACKK:) PLZ FOLLOW.. I <3 Alex!!
he does. Omg. I wanna cry cause I want one
thanks for ff. hope things are well with you
Love the orange tie.
Thank you all for the #ff love. We appreciate it.
oh my god my house
I'm for shark fin bans immediately to curb the problem but ultimately more stringent fishing laws
you know it!
INDICTMENT,macroeconomic doublespeak+COGENT EVIDENCE,exponentially grow’n interest payments= RESPONSE,tax break decreases
Yes we are throwing a party.
Word of the day: Ecumenical (adj) - worldwide in range or applicability; universal
thanks for the mention!
Seems like half of Chicago was in town tonight.
After hours @ Archer. Working on our new website!
Get me into the French toast business.
RT If we all threw our problems in a pile and saw everyone else's, we'd grab ours back.
Ritee Broo! There aintt No way NY gunna be hot from 3 point range all game! & we dnt Quit no matter what tha score is!
The things going through my head . . .
no no just over hearing so much of the same thing finals and haven't been to class in months. Ha
know what? I do miss bindis.
in my room but leaving soon
Yes it is lol
I love when God gives me peace over things my brain wants me to worry about.
tweet tweet..:))
Agh. I got my Jay Shaw Kill List on ebay for only $20 more than the sale price. Got lucky
haha goodnight! and its not your fault! I'm an
Oldie but goldie! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
RT : TONIGHT! Japanther / Vacation / Unstoppable Death Machine / Two Hand Fools / The Fucking Cops $7-- 8 pm
no surprise, acutally behind many locals and states, took time to get up the chain
if you are going to buy some wine soon I recommend Cabernet to add to your collection
We may have missed our meeting opp. with - on pins and needles now, hoping the timing works out.
They are all sexy. You know it. Especially
I hate going to clubs but there r these casting n networking things going on there, get ready for the headaks, pain.
's has definitely earned a spot in Favorite New Country Star's of 2011... On the Way!
Nada surf in Chicago
guess that's a different colored feller eh? :)
Thanks for the RT. Do you have any food recommendations for February or Valentine's Day?
thanks for following! :)
Great running into Berkley from at the #GeekWire launch, even if he DID go with another studio. ;
Theme of the summer: nonchalant?
RT : if #barrypalin2012 gets just one vote .. mission accomplished.
exactly...you can't....if you do....ima find you 😳
its hard to imagine!
You only live once right ? Why not make it count! I will never live in regret =)
Smart grid community building initiated...countdown...
WHAT is with the dang helicopters buzzing College Hill???
#foodiechat with is always a fun time!
RT : RT : Contribute to authentic conversations in an authentic workplace. Speak the truth as you see it.
I luv Criss & mind freak! Was so excited to see #believe left very disappointed. I was hoping for more magic less talk
nothing like spending my saturday morning studying for my final on monday
Tebow to the #Jets and Sean Payton suspended for the entire season? Twitter just exploded.
On TV a woman who clips a thousand coupons, spends 6 hours researching each trip to grocery store. Result: one hell of a lot of free mustard
What's Up twits LOL
Sorry I party..
Tomorrow is the last day of my quarter woot woot...then i get to chill...I'm half way done
I hate waking up and realizing that I fell asleep on you. :(
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Conecuh, Escambia & Monroe Counties until 02:00 PM
Hope my supervisor took ah picture of the car
And the WINNER of our first Sassy Nails giveaway is....(drumroll please) ~> Alicia Woodward! Stay tuned for your next chance to win!
your beautiful! ❤
Think I'm getting sick. Faack
in the parking lot alone with my thoughts...never good.
Hey there, Steven... good to meet you.
Fun and different
YOUR an amazingg friend to
models poppin' bottles
So sweet, thanks Andre. : )
Millionaire? I'd assume. Many times over? Hmm, not sure about that. Maybe. Not sure how much he got from Buffy merch.
Reconnecting with exes are funny....Dude just told me I was his first love....I wanna laugh but..If you say so..... I'll take it....
I won't be at school today 😷 I'll miss you! 😌
I mostly feel better than I did on Thurs, I just have an irritating cough now.
An Aries? HAPPY BIRTH-MONTH!
dont tell me serious shit when i'm sleep! odds are IM NOT LISTENING!
Just got home from hanging out with 's own and :-)
Happy Mothers Day! Enjoy your day!
The countdown to #ALA11 has started. I am so excited to be attending this year. (Happy face :) and dancing snoopy with nose in the air.
Broken Feet. We have cracked the code!
I'm more surprised that the bottle would still be full coming from vegas.
I LOVE U MORE TODAY THAN I DID YESTERDAY BT NT MORE THAN TOMORROW:-) I KNOW U SMILIN CUZ IM TALKIN TO U#LOVETWEET:-*
Never too early for #tacos... We open at 10AM!
I'll buy you one in NC. Lodging is super cheap, too. $23/34 for double/single room if you stay in the dorms
I am from Brooklyn, NY, so we could not have many pets, but I always had at least two dogs. - Connie Stevens
It would violate Title II of the ADA / Sec. 504 to tax property medically necessary for a person's severe dev. disabilities
Hopefully my neighbors can't see in my room cuz I'm standing here naked, I'm not trying to give an old lady a heart attack haha
This game is in the bag !
INDEPENDENT ARTIST SEND IN YOUR MUSIC TO FOR THE "INDEPENDENT ARTIST SPOTLIGHT".
maybe start with --disk-cache-dir=/dev/null when working on dev and not when working on prod?
youve never gone to have a snack and then the whole things gone??
These pillaging crows are a big as cats. Flying cats. With giant knife faces and a frighteningly diligent work ethic.
Geeks Who Drink!
but I bet she's got a sweet bod.. Pics!
Hanging at camp with besties funn eating breakfast not suppose to have my phone out oh well
SO PROUD OF U GUYS!!!!! U are some of the most beautiful dancers I've ever worked with. Honored. Keep it up Xoxoxo
Dm me your number : )
One good "Follow" deserves another...or Get a "Follow", Give a Follow. Now Watch ur Timeline Grow. (just my spin on "Twitter Etiquette")
Holiday trivia: What was the main course for Christmas dinner in Whoville?
Shot some hoops with the grandsons. Finally snuck it in. Back to work.
OSHA is targeting Commercial Printers. Talked to 2 today that were required to add guard packages on die cutters.
exactly my point
thought about #somf sucking up helium at prom & yelling lol . got a good laugh
You were clearly a shining star. S'ok. I thought crayons were "crowns" 'til age 5.
You wouldn't kill women in fetal form, but you would strip them of reproductive and bodily agency as adults.
kissing a chick with music playing in the background is fun as hell
Hey girl Im in ATL doin it up make sure you text me the date you leave so I can get you some things.
So glad I am not alone :) I can go cross-eyed looking at fonts long enough
I hate it when someone breaks up with you for the stupidest reasons!!!!!!! (I'm to city like)
Listening to The Black Keys new album and single, and watching the awesome video.
Has right now... Lol.
So there really ARE otakus out there who are TOTALLY sheltered from the world!
I'd go see Stooges with you! Btw, going to the movies alone is the best!
It's like you emebarras your self if you say something yet you embarrass yourself of you don't.
Ah, I'm sorry, man. That's terrible news. :-(
Just cause you said it, just cause I heard it, people say crazy things
Finally, I can grade.
Already been up an hour. Damn u Mr Army
is hosting dinner time for Premier Lofts this Wednesday w/ ! Win #FREE tickets with your #FREE dinner!
Buddha's my relaxer, 3rd eye open like red couch, disaster.
where we chowin down tomorrow
Its sometimes hard not 2 say 1 of ur favorite movie quotes cause its a sore spot 4 a close friend but I need to share tonite
Special Announcement for the International Pageant coming soon!!!
Yikes..huge mistake for Mr. Brady
don't hate the celtics boo... U no we only got a couple years left... If that lol!
Get ready, 'cause this biz is gonna get BADONK
Imma try to go tomorrow too.
Brother: "there's a black lala loopsy with blonde hair.." Aunt: "What's her name? ....Sista loopsy?" xD
Robert Shiller UK is in trouble due to another GDP decline and continued AUSTERITY, headed there next wk for a talk
Oh just cruising hollywood...no big deal
“: or Michael Douglas with a duffle back in a dress shirt and tie. #fallingdown” lol lol
Thank you! I was in the hands of and she is one darn talented photographer.
Smoked out at Smokeout
It wasn't the link, it was my mood. I'm sorry.
The Chosen ONE killing....
come see me at work tonight :D
So tired..sososo sleepy..thank God I didn't go to night school, I'd be exhausted! Time to catch on some
When a girl thinks that she's better looking than she really is. <<< -__-
ahahaha you know me so well.
Thank you! THe same to you!
I've only recently started reading it??? I never thought I'd start liking it
Sick of people who constantly talk about how great they are..
GET AT ME ON MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS FOR MORE FLYER INFO. DUECES
I thought so :-)
Just me and my guitar all alone in an empty house. My soul lives for these moments
'how do i reach these keeeeeds?'
Time to write some cool words... Yup.
YEAH, who know...People here are not happy about this....
RT Never underestimate someones ability to find out the truth.
Organizations can now sign up on National Lab Day! www.nationallabday.org
cats are fucking gay.
thanks for the hat tip... --dd
Is it bad that I'd rather play guitar than write these days?
omg Yes! Shaun im soo hype for this you dnt even know!
Now it's hard to believe we were ever friends at all.
lol i know it.
Please see my earlier retweet :D
Just write the darn blog post, and see what sticks!
Okay, I need a shower after that one....
Told you their jeans suck. I hate the way they nip in at the waist -- Mom jeans in the worst way.
Not even close to being true. The NFL will be on.
Saw ' s sister working at wing daddys :)
if you can't think of something mean to say, say something nice and pretend thats what you were thinking the whole time
Not getting Shanahan is blessing in disguise.
Could be I'm reading 'The Red Tent' and read 'The Vagina Monologues' yesterday... Haha, any and all help is much appreciated!
Its a titty bit nipply outside, but its Friday so I'll try and make the breast of it
just doin my job
Have a great weekend! And thanks again for the sound advice you gave me when I was between jobs!
Day well spent helping out at Taft elementary. Just wrapped up
Not sure if I follow your definition of empowerment, but I agree that we must return to our true past in order to move...
Picking up this Tipping Point by Malcolm Gladwell. I'm late I know. First time I heard the tipping point was with The Roots album.
I hugged a tree once! It gave me hives. Who knew I'd be allergic to incense cedar?
#latin quote of the day - Inter arma silent leges. "In time of war (Among arms), laws are silent."
I took 7 hrs on my math exams lol. But at least its done and over with ( :
Check out my Blog called The Mute Generation in www.Mojosworld.net
Give me a chocolate cupcake he says with his adorable smile & there i go to fall for him -___-
Headed to bootcamp with after a week of no exercise. NY was a work trip but I played! This is gonna hurt.
And put a pool in the back.
Duplex property in Clermont going on market this week.
Got a video yanked off utube before I even uploaded it.
Wow. Thank you SO much for the tweet to the Warren video! I am humbled. CC
Broke down and purchased the Future of the Left album.
Slash had a mountain lion named Curtis.
yeh it's been like a whole mess lmaoo are yu gonna be with Emma?
Sidenote the FB group is over 100+ girly girls, We love you all on twitter but question some of your motives. I'm looking at you pornbots
I love weed and i like alcohol
you turned into a pretty BIG waste of my time. :)
happy hour is a good deterrent from doggie searching...
Can't wait to hear abt them! RT : TechStars Boulder starts tomorrow. Psyched to tell you all about our 12 amazing teams!
Oh this is gonna be tough
‎[Campus Bulletin] From the look of the cold, lifeless bodies shuffling across campus, Dead Week is in full swing.
GET HOOKED ON THIS
Twitter obviously hate us, thats it. WHY YOU DOING THIS TWITTER?....
I didn't have any
It's hilarious, right?
1. Recognize how I may have bullied others. Forgive myself & make amends. (Pls RT)
Very Happy, Following more wonderful people. Life is Good! :-)
#Quote2SpinBy  The more you Give ~ the more you Live ~ Lori Moreno RT
Im tired as fuck
we are the kings of driving. “: Always driving long distances with ”
The hockey assist from George Lampard was niiicceeee!!
Pierce perfect from the line, keeping the C's ahead.
I smell so delicious.
Voice recognition software for consumer dictation
We wish we could eat your ACL when you turn gimpy.
The only clamps Dartmouth owns are used for herding cats and removing tenured chairs.
Bradley says its me. Oh shut it! RT : hahaha. I love that it's in Milwaukee. I wish she worked at schwanke's haha.
Palmer has 42 secs to close the score.
Cheers! RT Shout out to for being named one of the top 5 #sportsbiz handles to follow by
Intersession hours are underway: open weekdays 8:30am-4:45pm. closed on weekends and holidays until the semester starts, Jan. 23.
One day until opening day. Two days until nobody cares about the Orioles until next opening day.
Me And Mr.Wrong Get Along So Good..
tell your man to hmu
#ComplimentSomeOfTheOppositeSexDay is very beautiful and has amazing eyes :)
shit I bought GSK off Amazon cause fuck Apple.
Excited about presenting at BLOGWORLD this weekend! If you're at the LA convention center, come see me pitch Muggs on the 5th!
Love the RasTrent. Thanks for the reminder.
Goodnight sweet dreams♥ Oh and im sending you and some mail tomorrow(:
Hey! Yes I did.
True. However it does come off rather negative and aggressive. Just sayin. And I'm not talking about just one person.
Will give u a call tomorrow. Would be cool to catch up.
OMG. My husband, Ryan is obsessed with !!!
Me? But I'm just a little girl who'd rather wield a sword than meet a prince. I would never!
Forget your troubles they are all in the Past. And the people that Hurt you, they were never meant to Last.
funny thing is i know your not 😁
you're heartless, as dead as chivalry has ever been. get the fuck out of my life. i have this feeling about you, the light in the shadow
And Kennedy snipes one top cheese! Pens are on the board! 2-1 flyers.
I DID NOT OMG
"I'm weak and anyone you keep on a pedestal is always right."
Im so awkward today aghhhh
Yes, "synergize" is acceptable for humor purposes.
Thanks for following.
Its MY LIFE. Not urs. So imma do what makes ME happy because im only living one life and thats mine , not yours.
Amazing cinco!!! Time to go home and pack for Chicago. No need to sleep..
Smells like summer or at least late spring
Pictures please!
lmao. All class..
what about the less politically correct version?
statistically speaking its pretty close.Do u think about bunting more if weaker hitters up?Of course I do so not a bad play
Its hot in Des Moines, IA today! Great day for a ball game or round of golf!
it's all true. “: so Klout says you are influential in SHARKS, GAMES and BEER. LOL..”
You RTd a RT of you. Nerd.
WooHoo, playing Green Day on the radio! I love Green Day!
New FilmBernco Website is in its final phase. Locations, Vendor Directory, My Blog, Talent Data Base and much more!
will you follow me?
I really need to copy a smart person's work!
I think Lawrence Taylor is at Sam's Club checking out in the isle next to me.
Be sure to follow
Study hall is hot a'f !! And now the powers out so no fans !! D:
Thank you to everyone who came out for a romantic sushi dinner last night!
experiences & practices.
Heading out to see #DecadeOfDominance Spoltlight event
very funny haha
Sex ant beta thn love!!...
Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony getting a divorce?? Shocking!!
catching up on last week's episode of Bones!!!!! so good.
Iron Throne
Red Wings are going down this time, its the Pens year.
see you there!!!
I love this article. We actually puree veggies in our sauces for pasta and such. Lil man never knows :-)
If that doesn't work, get outside and go for a walk, take a deep breath and CHILLAX!!
Hahaha !! Get it Tatted RT:“: Pussy with a whistle.”
Jammin to oldies with my pops! >>>>
Alabama just finished and now the wait is on for at #stagecoach!
I'm so sorry for not being on twitter in a while. I'm so sorry! RT if you forgive me! <3
i followed you back..your ...your ....GORGEOUS. but ugh i hate that.
Some people are so ignorant.
puppies are here! well, still coming. so excited, we're getting our baby so soon! yes. <3 let me know if u want details & who to contact!
so smooth like a Gillette commercial
so sweet.
I thought PR stood for puppetry relations ;)
My wallet prefers the library card! RT : September is also National Biscuit Month..can a biscuit compete with a library card?
Great trip with the wife but it's always great 2get back 2the ATL. Hope to see you this week at MidwayMBC as we celebrate Christ
S/O TO ALL MY FALLOWERS ESPECIALLY THE NEW 1S...CHIEFN
About to fall asleep and Chemistry hasn't even started. Oh, joy
OK !! :) seriously, idk who wouldn't want to go lol we get free food/beverages all day long in the VrznSt. we are
totally! :D
good :) atleast your not as deep as i am.. Im here for you always.
Happy New Year! I'm trying a new technique 4 a watercolor fused glass vase.
"The difference between TRY and TRIUMPH is a little "UMPH"! ~ Sheila Mowatt" Thanks
Closed up house on Fire Island and I am headed back to NYC to wait out Hurricane Irene. I will be on the first boat back out here on Sunday!
back in Brooklyn at Bruar Falls tonight! let's hope our doesn't get totaled this time... 8pm sharp!
Can I vote on your marriage?? I feel you'll produce hideous looking kids.
I remember them
You brought syrup but no pancakes lmfao shits funny
Will the #ESPN #LonghornNetwork destroy college football like so many are saying or the #LHN not that much of a threat?
: bday is almost here
oh yea i was lol
Headed to work .... 6 days til probation is over can't wait
M...who doesn't? I just started watching from the beginning, now that it's streaming. Hadn't ever seen it before.
Two nightmares last night: accidentally given unwanted neck tattoo instead of back piece. Late for plane, eternally running through O'Hare.
I don't need to be the center of everyone's attention, just yours
your guys April 22nd show at the Rave in Milwaukee. Mom won't let me go cause 21+ older can drink! Any suggestions?
good luck boy!
This is not the type of feedback we want, and the fact that you were treated poorly is not acceptable. DM'ing you now.
I forgot to remind myself about St. Patrcick's day this year. Isn't that sad?
Thank you Gayle!
Lost my 13 service hours... Well I'm screwed for leadership!
Yes. Against Colgate. Winner faces Duke/Syracuse
thanks for intense conversations last night
Haha! He's do cute! Bring him in if you want! Office mascot!!
I didn't because MTA watch twitter too but I could let you know some really interesting activity here.
Glad that the #fantasyfootball tiebreakers on #ESPN are in my favor. Two weeks of football and still tied. But I win!
Rice Alumni: #savektru Tell the giving office how their decision to sell ktru will affect your annual donations 713-348-4600
That's a good one; too bad Twitter won't let you tweet audio... Hahaha
Today's BTU inspiration: "Inspiration is always in you. It's up to you to become inspired." ~Unknown
So who wants to buy me a team jersey?!
Checking out !
Thanks for the RT, Caelan. I appreciate you!
I wonder if Strine will keep his promises... Do you think the new #UVA budget will prioritize the lowest paid workers, direct & contract?
What's the best place to get free Mac app?
you disgust me..
Sweet DDUB Dreams
Ha I guess that's one way to look at it.
I know what you mean! I get anxiety every time I watch it.
Cancelling my old Adobe CS5 subscription today to get started on Adobe CS6 with Creative Cloud :)
Getting another freakin sinus infection!! THAT'S SO FREAKIN LAME!!!
: We have two adult and a baby bunny here. It's cute...until they eat the gardens! ;)
Yipe! This showing of Los Avengers is already sold out! I didn't see that coming. Time to Plan-B it...
So bord in facs lalallalalalalalala im gonna get in trouble oh well its only 7th period
You are such a nice person and the most sweetest person. #YouShouldBeMyTwitterBf and
Editing Samantha's Cravings, novel about love lost, found, deception, consequences, from perspective of New Orleans African-American woman.
rob who? Oh.
you're gonna need a poet on something.. Get at me bruh
dude I heard about the show on Groupon, that was tonight?
Thanks for the mention and welcome to you as well.
ForRealz -_- RT If these ref's call one more bullshat call I'm.gonna slit my wrists.
There's always a man waiting for the current man to eff it up. Easy come, easy go...
It will be a ticket scalper's delight in NOLA if UK beats Baylor tomorrow. UK vs. UL and some combination of SYR-OSU-UNC-KU. Wow
you going to give me a kiss on the cheek when you perform ?I work at the club....I think the hosts deserve one.
dont say that about fb :p
That was based on a thing some guy did in Baltimore, except they shortened the fall to make it more believable.
you really don't know what your talking about you can ask Coco & Ariana Lmao but I'll let YOU think that
still puzzling about all the hit and runs... where did the kindness go?
See Zion in a pastoral light on Smith Mesa - St. George Daily Spectrum
I think it is about a nurse's job not pt advocacy
Sometimes you have to forgive and forget even if it hurts...
Might want to consider some steering wheel locks.
I was cracking up and Kim (my wife) has this confused look and says "I don't get it." I was then laughing harder
My life sucks I'm done.
I just had to explain to Cami who Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was. WHAT??
We played a little intro before our actual 1) "intro(Gut Grinder)" 2) Let It Go Sport 3) Being a here is more then just capes
hi sorry to just tweet u but i saw 1 of ur tweets saying u hate what u see in the mirror... but ur REALLY pretty honestly
But he may want his college #16 “: Frmr Bronco Frank Tripucka will allow Manning to wear his retired number 18 next season”
And I've been using my delay techniques on that update for months so...
Yeah!! I'm ALWAYS down for telepictionary!
let's go RAPIDS!
Thanks for the RT!
Not being a Vikings fan
I wore my cupcake pants specifically for and she's not here. :(
What is a monster's favourite society?The Consumers' Association.
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. ~ Voltaire
gold star for using the word despising
Why do I wait so long before I have a hot cup of coffee or tea? It is a wonderful thing to have a hot cup of coffee or tea.
looking for an incredible, experienced Chief Product Officer to run our game-changing social activation SaaS platform. DM me for deets...
If they aren't working on Halo who cares?
Impressive by Burress
Did your little tweet fingers fall off? Please do your part so that we all know what you're doing.
Hmm... Can't speak to the 3D issue but YouTube has been using HTML5 for a year now, so I think it is safe to say video works.
I needa get dressed while I'm just sittin here tweeting
someone hack my twitter
12 Peers Theater will be producing Best Ever Creations Story Contest by Eoin Carney on August 21st for the Pittsburgh New Works Festival!
MATCH ME ONE IM DOWNTOWN... : Who tryna blow? I'll pull up with it.
nice catch during the game
What's up?
Saturday Sweaty Betty Blues Band w/ presenting The Best Blonde Joke Comp. Who has the best joke???
so glad I captured them when I did!
this is true hahah I might watch one episode tonight just to see how it is
Isn't the processor a single-core A5 instead of an A4?
I think its because i take care of my face and wash it every night and morning and put my special creams on it :3
Unconditional love is more of a spiritual thing. It’s not bound by physical things, like blood relations and the desire to procreate.
I'm sensing some James Morrison on #americanidol. I think we'll leave it on this channel for a few.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. -
Happy Leap Day! How are you celebrating at your college?
"...and nowhere is this discourse more impoverished than in the work of charlatan, Phillip Maciak..."
#20ThingsAboutMe 20. I LOVE AUSTIN AND THE CREW AND ALL MAHOMIES!!! <3
This is a real treat: Italy's Venchi will be here on Sat. 2/26 from 2 - 7 PM for a FREE tasting of their rich chocolates.
“: If I have to work with client's heirlooms, then that's why God invented the basement ;) #designtv”🌷🌷
HavenSource is an IRS registered 501(c)(3), tax-exempt organization. Support our cause today!
Natural Skin Hair Care : How to Give Yourself a Facial Massage
Welcome new follows and thanks for the follow.
so true. “: Don’t be determined to never have problems. Be determined to stay full of joy in the midst of your problems.”
I'm having a talk with him in Cincy next Tuesday! It's bullshit!!!
I tell em Hoes Suck a Dick, Swag, Swag, Cuz I'm Swagging on em ,Swag.
Headline: MN Wild help Bryz find game.
as he proceeds to do the Macarena
- Happy Anniversary...best sounds of the day !!!
Is getting on my PS3 to play some rock band 2
love it
Finally this baby is asleep. I probably got no type of sleep last night.
the address on fb is fake.
This could help our students around the world!
Who names their kid after war and let's them leave the house in booty shorts..? Hmm, the girl standing right in front of me's mom. HAH. HAHA
yes like is a key word.
I think i'm developing an addiction to Amazon. $35 for a greek mythology wallchart? hell YES!
Dj Cyn at Semanas lounge tonight in Vail music starts at 9:30pm come get your dance on
"I Need a Dollar" -Aloe Black. This is how New Yorkers start their mornings.
the first protest did not have as big as an impact because it was not out of the ordinary like the protest by the mau maus
rt the answer? Never had to do that transition myself.
hey! Are y'all coming to the Education Innovators' Forum on 5/8?
good plan....
I'm at Dave Ramsey's event....love his passion for small business, entrepreneurs and LEADERSHIP!
Now I'm hungry and keep seeing food on instagram... -_- Fml
": Mwhahha I would neva sub about him except for now #awk" exactly so what're you talking about? Hahah
mwahahahaha it is all part of our plot to take over the world! (of museum education at least) - we have to make CBStapp proud!
Actualy the N'Sync boys perfected what a pop star is. Timberlake makes 'fuck' music and nobody remembers the others.
and I totally forgot about it.
Agree these lists can be misguided, flimsy in pursuit of page views.
OH: thats not hate, thats foreplay.
Young ass bitch!
Great Family Night and Great Causes good night to all
Did Toy Story 3 make anyone else sad for their toys?
i know lib 2011 was amazing best festival i have ever been to in my whole life!!! (:
totally! That's fav also!
please dont! We need you to not watch :)
i wish i was one of those people that you notice :(
So I'm feeling like I may have found the one... Times have been rough but he's still here
before I finally got to a hotel in Newark and slept for 4 hours until I had to catch another plane to pittsburg
Oddly enough, cinco de mayo doesn't translate into "some mexican holiday that involves drinking"......but nice try though
All the cute girls be at wet seal
Hate Monday's.
I trust her I just dnt wanna get hurt
We shouldn't be watching these videos. We're better than that.
"Don't screw it up kid" followed by a screw up. Not listening or misinterpreted? Just glad he made the podium.
Ha. Just not with me??“: “: We rollin out tonight??”lol. Rolling somewhere”
haha i can relate, mornings are rough. and nothing really, managing all of this twitter/facebook ish and jamming city&colour.
Best compliment I've gotten yet from my friend John: "Mhm I was late to class cause I started listening and didnt wanna stop"
how do you post onto dribble? I'm a "prospect" there.
"TV taught me how to feel, now real life has no appeal."
haha he still forgot!! aw well..i guess i just REALLY have to make a good impression this summer
Can't remember the days when he ran good!
When Al Davis passes, you know it has to be deep. RIP to a true football legend.
“: everyone complaining about me complaining, just remember there are less and less of you every day.” $RIMM
I did!! Lol
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while & She will be loved <3
...and 100% reason to remember the name.
IM positivie that I gained 10 lbs on tour last year...for real!!!
these are awesome!!
oh Nevermind I understand who now!! lol and yeah so it might be different.
Shit, my energency candy bag is running low.
I don't need to flirt. I will seduce you with my awkwardness.
Amy Senser has just entered the court house to hear her verdict.
Does anyone in Houston make Deep House?
Rethink your sparring game: are you predictable in your strikes, footwork, & defense? If you are than you are setting yourself up for a TKO!
Devante is so annoying
Did you notice in the headliner pics of the celebs; hardly any of color? What's up with that, I thought GLAAD was cool? :-P
You can either let the waves over take you or you can learn to sail
Thanks for the mention. We always appreciate a little support and encouragement!
That's what's most infuriating about animated gifs - can't easily take them apart to figure out performance bottlenecks.
RT : A3 when it come to PR I always suggest (if you can) hire a PRO. Blogging agent can be OK, but PR PRO is a must
My life is choreographed to the music of Neil Diamond
Attebury's in St. Francis,WI is a great place to eat, drink and be merry. Its super close to home and they make you feel like family.
Can't believe my final semester at #SDSU starts so soon! I plan on enjoying these last few weeks of break!
Really wishes that the halloween party across the street wasnt blastin britney spears at 2 in the morning...very annoying!!!!
I can't wait until I can drive.
RT : #if ure on Netflix Do Not, I repeat, Do Not press play on BURIED!<< Now we're intrigued *hovers over PLAY*
Sex on my tv reminds me of how deprived I must be..
Haven't had this much fun on facebook in a while lol
Recording classes may allow users who can't make training get educated.
He told me they were coming at him this summer. He took a visit late September.
Gearing up for First Thursday in Mt Vernon Park tomorrow. Please join us to enjoy, buy don't trample the newly planted flower beds.
I want yogenfruz SO BAD. Def getting it to celebrate my last day of classes tomorrow 🎉🎈
Prob be fun over some adult beverages RT : I want to interview Tommy Hunter
Oddly warm night for the middle of December... :-(
Amid the out pour of lit professors reacting to their student evaluations I mistook your tweet for the words of a former student.
#cara student Gail T. secured a position at ABM Janitorial! 80 of 310!!
3rd Friday Phoenix! Come see art by Tato Caraveo and listed to sweet sounds by Sombra. Oh and free drinks!
Are u looking for a fun date to reconnect w ur significant other? Recreate ur first date together-locale, music, etc.
The President should just pull our troops out of Iraq and Afgan to punish Congress. Stop wasting money.
(2/2) I think I've successfully avoided a cliched "wedding" set...lots of New Jack/90s pop house, Erasure/PSB, etc...
First day of high school.(: Pretty good.
Hey google pycnogenol and diabetes and see how amazing the results are that people are having with OPC-3!!!
Very glad everyone in the Navy jet crash is safe. Also hopeful they don't have a "You break it, you buy it" policy.
RT : I know, but why? I know, they have nothing better to do.... Right to Work Bill Protesters
um do u mean hahahaha?
heard you were an asshole this weekend. Good work.
hahaaa she bad n she kno it
Looks like there's a watch party at LSP, too...
stop stiring the crap pot.. don't like a tweet ignore it or unfollow.
hey, dez what's is Coachella?
Got a new client today! This should be a pretty good summer!!
Design Tip: Have 2 sets of pillow slipcovers - one for the summer, one for the winter. www.cliointeriordesign.com
i'll def be there..and hope to see ya :) i'm not moving that far.sadly no longer across from fluid but i hope jeff will understand
hello, how are you?
Upgrades to mothership complete. Tried to minimize the design changes; all kindsa possibilities opened up, though!
please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll see what i can do to help with this.
“: Reading "Sex & Sex & Sex & Yoga" <~ what a great title, huh? lol ” love it & in that order!
then i'll squeeze your butt. ;p
Just came to the realization that I'm 100% wrong about my idea of what other people think about me. I had no idea. Oblivious.
i agree with haha
Youve got that ONE THING !!
Another great video shoot today! Can't wait to see the final product! Enjoy the weekend everyone!
Glad you play football as it is meant to be played. B. Sanders, C. Spielman & D. LeBeau should be proud of #90 too!
will camtasia projects recorded on the snazzy new mac version be able to be opened in Camtasia for Windows?
Live in Phoenix? then VOTE.
Thanks Jess!
To marry me.. YOLO Lmfao prob too Come to boston
when in doubt, take the boat out
#ORE 53 #STAN 30 - Andrew Luck pass intercepted by Boseko Lokombo at the Stanf 40, returned for 40 yards for a TOUCHDOWN.
Happy 420 Everyone!
Everyone is hitting a Ben Franklin( A dead yank) into 18
You must understand that even though a person loves you, you must consider the fact that you're not the only one who makes him/her happy.
RT : policy-driven API management, with analytics, what did next. $client
It's on!!! its on!!! RT : I want the noontime workout to start already, with &
Thursday is here! Join us for a little happy hour from 3-6pm for marg & food specials.
is she your senior sister
Yeah, bro that was harsh! But I forget...your not a romantic:)))))
Already ate some ninja
Thank you all for following REPCO, a leader in RECYCLING, PACKAGING, EQUIPMENT & CONSERVATION SERVICES! Call now for more info 561-721-3400!
is self deportation an option? The only one that actually says anything worth paying attention to is Ron Paul.
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
Love SlideShare... LinkedIn has a great eye for partnerships. ie. CardMunch is my fave iPhone app.
I don't get it.
my unintentional mix of heavenly mango shower gel and pomegranate bliss shampoo has put me in a decidely tropical mood...
Yes. In 1hr signature live will be hitting our stage!!! Excited....stop by to hear the baddest female band in the dmv!
Thank you, Holly! I hope to see you in Sacramento. I have good days and bad days, but I'm hanging on.
Hey football fans, use coupon code BT1 and get $4 off any large pizza! You can't go wrong!
Mornin' Lucky! How ya doing so far? I"m still tired I guess it's this bronchytis stuff...did you pm ur address to me doll?
Today was a Great Day. Thanking Father God for his every Blessing. Much Respect to Director Terence Gordon. www.YouTube.com/GuidanceSeries
But I am?
Why, what do you recommend?
These all you can drink shows by are worth it!. Word to the wise: don't plan to drive after!
"I'm not quitting. I'm just leaving and never coming back." - Mike Rowe (Dirty Jobs)
I already know!!! We prayed 🙏
I need to update my "90210 Guide to Social Media" #prezi. Who should represent Pinterest? Google+?
We will be breaking our no imports rule tonight and tomorrow by putting Guinness on draft! Our other drafts for the weekend are......
C'est si bon! Other than ones you've taught @ Brent St., are these yr 1st masterclasses? Would you ever direct/choreograph? xoxo
it's fine Jasper *hugs you back*
Instead of e-collar, use a Pro Collar or the Boobooloon. Inflatable collars are more comfortable and do not interfere with hearing.
Hope everyone has a wonderful day! :)
I've debated changing my computers error message to that. I suspect it'd get irritating quick though.
kk and call me like now cuz i gotta tell you sumthin important!!!! :) k?
Mind boggling: a password like H$7s!6a@ is WAY less secure than something like thisisveryverylong (1 min vs 10 years to crack)
not yet, not yet.. we gotta time this right. it gotta be perfect
Amen brother.
In December, TPS submitted an article for a food safety training company for a food quality magazine.
Success just like failure doesn't just happen one day, it happens daily...
Trust + Honesty + Communication + Good SEX Life = A Healthy Relationship
Chastity: I know you can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed? Bianca: I think you can in Europe.
Still time to sign up for Cru De Gra! Get at it
Current weather in Disney Wolrd: 64°F · (°C) Wind: 3 mph N Humidity: 67% HIGH: 85 LOW: 63
Ah! I leave for Utah tomorrow morning! I am being set apart tonight as a Missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints!!!
Practice makes perfect.
RT : OCEANSIDE, Calif. (AP) -- Police: Girlfriend found Junior Seau with gunshot wound to chest; appears to be suicide.
So happy to see you in a Dolphins uniform in a few months
I'm worried about you are you alright I'm here 24/7 to talk to what's goin down
Niggas spittin the words to "I Don't Like" a capella. Keef got the whole city in his hands. Chance up next.
ahaha thank you!! :) I like yours!
look forward to it!
aloha josh sending a reminder about tonights interview at 9:35 pm ET - can you please send me your number via DM
well I did just fart so I wasn't fancy for a second there. wyd?
He's got a nice time feel.
amen sister
No more computer
Another player that will not be on ANY of my fantasy teams: BRANDON MARSHALL! Who is his QB? I don't know!
Do it first or at least find resources to know how. MT: What things parents shld do to ensure kids pursue a degree?
#Corvallis music store is now on Twitter. Show them some love & follow.
Happy St Patrick's Day! Don't Drink & Drive
Go Badgers!
#FF Friday! Here are a few of our favorites:
Psalm 34:8 () 8 Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good!Blessed is the man who takes refuge in him!
And maybe I misremember who tweeted about it - happens a lot at my advanced age.
DO NOT Expect tomorrw to be any different if you haven't changed today!
": might as well lol RT": a bruh i am going to stop fuckin with her"" yea fuck her
March's CRSS event is coming soon!!! Hope you'll ALL ready for the another WONDERFUL night of dance. Full details coming soon ;}
That made my night
Words of my Husband: "Go make me a sandwich woman!" Me: "you got legs get up and do it yourself."
yea! she's is a bernese mountain dog, 8 weeks, one of my best friends just got her yesterday.
Wtf how are you gonna call my phone and ask who I am when you called my phonee!?
i was enchanted to meet youu. <3
I bet you have a happy wife right now.
Join us Friday night when we welcome the Jim Beam Red Stag girls. 6- 8pm Red Stag drinks just $3
RT : Eloqua is a proud sponsor of #OMS12, stop by our booth 205 !
Yes, What's up ? RT hey dude:)
Why did Leslie Mann DO this?
I LOVE YOU TOO!! <3
Whats gonna happen too your p.o. box when you move too Miami !? :O
very cool! Is Lisa local? IAEOU! Love it.
thank you!
"...if I'm witchu then I'm witchu, if I'm not then its forget you, I'm just tryna keep it simple but..."
I would b better if u make me a little commercial 4 my bday party. Please! :-)
Weekend goal: Find the secret traffic camera that sends me a $50 ticket every time I'm at my dads, and accidental run into it.
I don't want to be that parody that is a dick. But god damn, some of these morons...Alright, I'm out. Back to REAL work.
In TCM, some great foods to eat during winter are root vegetables like carrots, onions, potatoes, beets, and (unsweetened) Winter squash.
That's that gay shit.
Are there any clothing retailers in detroit (or surrounding areas) that would like to be featured in the next issue of
I've been a real priest since the day I was born. Sorry about your prayer request though, I'm not religious.
I forgive,, but i dont forget. ...
Did you just say sorry ? lol jk. Hm are you ok ?
having a blast, trufflepoluzza here. People are friendly too. Miss you guys!
i want a donut too!!!! <3
Make sure your army is wearing pants
thanks ;) it's going to be a fantasy title.
After months of hard working Syllabontes is live. Are we going to take a break? No..! ..We keep working...
Clippers get one back in the top of the fourth, lead Bats 6-2 on seven hits.
Just got in from building me all kinds of muscle at the gym. Drink my post-workout shake.
haa ok ill try. Love u night xx
i'm glad I already have an embroidery program lined up for april. And that I was ahead of the curve by learning in nov
...with characters they can relate to. Nuances of language are wasted for the most part.
Congratulations to 2011 Federal Library Technician of Year, Leanna Bush, US Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense
thanks 4 an awesome stay in #NoLa! Ready to book rooms back there 4 #Superbowl 2013, but can't reserve that date online? Help?
To all coaches out there... Right now who wishes they were on the side lines
Thanks Jeff! : saw a cool company last night, foodieregistry.com $$
Saw you in a dream. We were together. Saw you in reality. Wanted dream to be reality. But it's not. Maybe one day it will be.
Isn't it? :) I can not wait to make it!
Damn you, City. I live for Man U losing the title but you had to go and make me hate you too.
Y'all come back now...“: What a great night! ”
MT : Dr Christine Cassel we need better educated consumers 2 make new recommendations on excessive medical tests work
lmfao ikr im so happy i have a sexy sister like :3
aww as I do you! I'm going to come to Austin and crash with you for SXSW!!
Who's going to be #livetweeting tongiht's event "Launch Your Product In 90 Days With #SocialMedia"?!
Do u know the difference btw a weed & a pollinator plant? Learn w us today at Girard or next Sat. at Marion.See our site for more info
Live every week like its shark week
For sure! The #Bachelor is a great escape from real reality. I never miss it. What do you think of the season so far?
#IAlwaysWonderIf I did something wrong because your not talking to me.
thanks for the rt
taylor yancey don't care!
RT : great great player RT : Chicago Bears to honor Payton at halftime on 10th anniversary of his death good deal
Jordan big head ass better come over today or ima whoop his ass.! lol..love you bestfriend. :)
Picked up my merchandise from for the Dining by Design show. He has such wonderful merchandise. Check him out.
or horrors
THe wife lies, it's all lies. She never even told me about this!!
hey jessica
Did Men In Black accidentally end up on Prometheus and kill Will Smith's career?
vs I am dancing!
i just woke up too beth so wat r u planing to eat im eating 3 Pankacakes
Did u says website banner?? :)
Watching TheRocky Horror Picture Show. Get ready for quote tweets. I can't help myself! Haha
lots of support for the idea of data viz as source of "radical empiricism" at
Its hard to ride my bike I'm so tipsy -__-
That awkward feeling like dejavu....
Forecast for Pasadena on Rose Bowl Monday?? Sunshine and 81 degrees.
"When you learn to accept instead of expect, you’ll surely avoid getting hurt and you’ll have fewer disappointments..."
Going to the fair with . Savannah,Brittany,Ali, Jacob, haylee,Taylor,Cesar(; and becca ! .
Chicago, if you have a porch/patio/deck and are not currently enjoying it, you're a dick.
Going to lifeguard with kinslee!
There's not really one single measure of advocacy.
any time
I LOVE YOU!<3
Keep fighting the good fight! And thanks for the follow!
favorite phrase of day so far: "...the Google hang out *situation*..." sounds like
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara Seizes 16 Live Streaming Sports Sites Days Before Super Bowl
Bring on your wrecking ball.
Are you looking for a spot to hold your Fantasy League Draft Party? We have 3 rooms that work great! Call Jen for more info 480-368-0376!
Case is like 18?????
Little kids want my cake.
RT : Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. George Santayana
Would u like 2 see our Xmas show at Touhill Dec. 9-11?
lol swag you out, though
I'm about to punch my aunt in the fucking face. Annoying ass bitch.
10 ways to #love: #listen, #speak, #give, #pray, #answer, #share, #enjoy, #trust, #forgive, and
Media Platforms have bigger and bigger websites - needing more and more content. e.g.,
Hey !! Like Divine Blue ?! Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !! Dont forget that follow !!
I actually follow the FFs I get from my peeps. Do you?
Y'all are adorable! Glad you're hanging out together. So sweet! xx
i hope the other step teams are checking the weather for tomorrow, because a White Thunda storm is heading their way!!!
what soda should i drink? Dr pepper. Coke. Sprite.....
Cal says his tm only watches 4 hrs of gm film on gm day. Perfect game plan by Calipari. I wouldn't expect burnouts to remember stuff either.
There's always something in the past that creates who you are today.
Interesting point. So what qualities does a really good live tweeted event have? What makes it good?
Spurs get the "W" looking good.
i dunno about 5+gb downloads. Definitely enjoying bluray and blockbuster monthly pass
Free Free Free Free Free
Looks like we have a venue and date for the first PDX Tech networking event! Stay tuned for details
Grim statistics about future of reading... Feeling a little defeated in the face of it. Ready for solution!
Eventually accepting physics& religion 2b friends in our world- he walked his dog, unknowingly de-stressing the tensions of learning.
I think I'm you're first! may many more follow!
Nearly 1 in 4 people worldwide is Muslim. Islam is fastest growing religion in world--followed by Christianity (via Pentecostalism).
alright celtics. #leggo one more quarter. lets get it.
no problem.
Dear tomorrow, You've been shining so brightly. I'll be holding on tightly to the words that you said.
Good morning! It's Tuesday right????
ah such a good mood right now☺
4 applications submitted! 3 to go...
Fight Night in Tulsa ...last night was great
Whats up twitter
stuck at home because of the snow storm? do yoga :)
My phone company is telling me I have international calling now. Grand.
Enjoy #brunch #lunch with us step out of the norm & indulge your taste buds. Afternoon vodka shot 👉 weekend is here..Enjoy!
WIth that situation :(
#PrayForClaire She's really sick and in a coma... It's would mean alot if you would RT this...
It's pastels vs. statement white gowns on the red carpet tonight!
YA SEE, the thing about tumblr is nobody cares who the hell you are, as long as your pictures are amazing.
Louisville Ladies' Softball defeats Notre Dame 4-3. To win the BigEast Championship game.
We look forward to seeing you back soon. Thanks again for sharing your wisdom at The Fort
I let a group of French people into the building tonight. I hope they didn't steal your jewels.
‎"Here, hold this ice cold Bud Light and watch football." Best day of work to date.
Big time Tweetup in progress!
i was wondering that I've got a friend in Australia that has no one of getting it. If he got a code would he be capable of getting
I can't believe it's almost 2012 and people still have a problem with interracial couples. It makes me sick to my stomach.
you hooked us on the Starbucks! ;)
Levitation Ale barbeque sauce. I'll have to try the one you tried to. Sounds good... How are you, I miss working with you.
wasn't there a time when they all weren't following each other?
Good luck getting out of that arena alive, Miami looked pretty pissed.
I am great ! :) thanks
HAHAHAHAHAHA your stupidity is showing!! HAHAHAHA Block me, fine I am not trying to sell anyone anything, especially a game!!!
had a nice afternoon with friends..i'm mad tired noww !
carpe the diem ...seize the carp!!!
PPL sues EPA to keep power plant upgrades secret
I'm officially in love with Instagram. If you're on there, you should follow me at timlewissports!
Get your hand out of you're pants.
u left too early. Hilarity of Craziness @ Freedom. Poor
just got all fresh an clean feelin like a million bucks lol wbu
for a strategy meeting with !
So how far into the season must you go before observing patterns? I think it's fair to say the Orioles are an improved team.
we're rockin our raaaaannnngggssss and stoked on the collab! #PDX #Sticks&Stones
BOOM DONE. Hook em' comes through again
christmas for reporters
Cameron, NC <<<<<< Everywhere else in the US
ight imma test you first thing Monday champ
Why Top Chef Is Bad for Gastronomy
#UCPeeps ": u totally should do a # for like crazy umeus fans.. :D"
Packing with ante up on.
Boy, you know i'm down for you.
Cast iron skillets make everything better. I know, I wrote a book of recipes to use with them. sent me your way. :)
So, it's ok to camp to buy from the 1% but not to protest them?
Words of Wine WIsdom: "Men are like wine - some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age." ~ Pope John XXIII
I HATE YOU...SO MUCH.
great movie!
#confession I wish my hair was longer
Felton close to a triple double.
haha its too perfect tho :D
Welcum to da mind of a maniac
Lol... finally your done!
Kick his Ass Seabass
Johnny better walk out to Kickstart My Heart on Sunday.
Merp this is cuddling weather blahhj
oh good gracious...
omg ur drumming is beautiful i <3 you so much and i just wish u follow me back. Love: Chelsea your
On air now with and taking calls on grandparenting and childcare! We want to hear from you at 1-877-301-8970
Ronnie was just acting soo hyper and wouldn't stand still.he was all over the stage messing with everyone in the band.lol
Going out with tonight  (;
Cj- "it smells like a mixture of pee and popcorn" the sad part is, it was actually a pretty accurate description.
woo woo TMI re baby stuff
#SaturdayNightConfessions I can look at Harry Potter posters on my wall and sob because it's over. Even though a years almost passed.
GO BODE GO. GO BODE GO
Have a great day competing tomorrow at the Md Comp- Hal, Lyn, Gary, and Jay!
50off tonight don't forget!!!
White ChocolateWhite chocolate is different from the other chocolate flavors
Thought this was obvious BUT when I said Id rape famous twats i didnt mean forcefully jam my dick in them, I meant verbally rape em w/ jokes
I find myself saying this same thing about Rafiki.
The link for your sunstorms story took me to a story about gluten-free diets.
it's time to get together with the old #homedepot gang. kinda giddy actually.
You clearly have never had good taffy.
geez brian! How much coffee did u drink?
thank you for the rt
Not sure emphasizing Abul Fouttouh's MB past is a good strategy for Moussa given his past as Mubarak foreign minister
wow almost to 21 million followers:) so how was your day?? Was it swaggy...keeping it real;) notice me please
#ypnworkshop I'm a student from Detroit () and would love to network after the event! DM me if interested!
Best part of the day: brownie sundae w/ bacon caramel. Close second: saw a real live mini pony on my run w/
RT Awesome! RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
Damn straight . And my friend lexi says hi . I love how you cant even see you in your profile picture .
"You're off to great places. Today is your day. Your mountain is waiting. So get on your way." Happy 108 birthday Dr. Seuss!
yea i know people are just ignorant now a days!
hope you are doing well
perfect day down on the beach!!! 75 and sunny.
I don't.
okay. ill tell you. do you know, the muffin man?
Once again im ignored:/
thanks for sharing Callahan!!
RT . Finally get to debut my Nick Leddy jersey tonight thanks &
S/o to all the people who were apart of it. N s/o to my BROS!
Tom, excellent story on today's C5! Couldn't agree more with your assessment of Cavs' rebuilding process.
Not a single person in this room is paying attention anymore, including myself.
How cool was the cameo on #HIMYM last night??
Lol no wonder. I was about to say thats terrible if they were trying to score.. Is your season over?
Home from an amazing weekend. Work at 5
We had a great church service today! Can't wait for next week!!!
Haha! amazing :) thx for that score
i always love it when something i do goes smoothly. i'm 2/2 so far tonight!
Am I that bad of a person? Because I don't take one ounce of Shit from anyone. Its not my fault your a nobody
no,thank you! I'm so excited!!
aahhhh! Not my government!
sorry... youngin! lol i dont know why i always feel like you are so much younger than me?
It's opening night in Atlanta. Don't expect it to continue.
ran for 55 min & now im drenched in sweat. i'm dead...
girl I know a dress you can where and we can get you all fixed up!
oh no. :-( is everything ok?
thx for following me back!:)
Congrats and Kristen Wiig on
Can anyone recommend some good blogs with storytime ideas? Thx
total! I'm wiped out!
simple, yet excellent advice
Being on the internet makes it easy for potential customers to learn about you.
I try to not judge people but cigarette smokers are idiots. If you are content with destroying your body then #WeCan'tHang
so true! is an unstoppable hacking force; really wish i could be at
lol no man a now me a feeen for some
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 183 at 620 on the service road
I aint got nothing to add!
“If you educate a man, you simply educate an individual, but if you educate a woman, you educate a nation.” -African saying
If I have to die for one word, I choose the word 'poontang'...
I walked into #tjmaxx and four people asked me for #fashion advice. The transition is complete, I'm a maxinista. Thanks !
thanks for following me dont be a stranger
This first-time opera goer is looking forward to seeing Madama Butterfly tonight, courtesy of and
RT : Got my acceptance for ! Woot! Thanks, and see you in March!
There's no stoping us right now.
Congratulations Elon Grads 2011! Are you ready for the world of tweets that aren't about Elon?
Thanks for the Facebook love my friend.
And my hair right now <<<<<
Quod Vide => Which See, usually abbreviated q.v.
at the doctor for the cough I had for two weeks now.smh
jealous of the weller
When user-generated algorithms act in Amazon's favor, it becomes like the Morcheba song, "Who Can You Trust?"
Go to sleep
There is room for promotional content as well. 70% should be fun, eye catching, humorous, etc...
": Girl: "You give me butterflies" - Boy: "You give me boners"" Lmao..
My sister Cheryl passed away Teus December 27, 2011 at 10:15 pm I tried out in Miami she had cancer I called u plastic
It's snowing at my parents'! :)
bruno mars looking ass
An Austin artist found me on Twitter, and I'm glad she did. is an artist that has left the studio, paints people from life.
