Watching red bull toasted.
Get the latest from Creative Rebellion's marketing dept. Now on Twitter !
BANNED IN NC!! "Marriage between one man & one woman is the only domestic legal union that shall be valid or recognized in North Carolina"
just sent some tracks yoru way
Bed time 💤
People doing stupid shit
... And I think she misses my body warmth cause she's slowly moving over to me to get her cuddle partner back 😳😳
What's your pick for tomorrow's two Championship games?
Bristol Palin has the gall to criticize Obama for gay marriage when she had premarital sex & got knocked up before marriage?
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: Always on Twitter or FB? Start getting paid for it, plus Chris Conoan says 1st real snow in metro by Wed.!
what ever happened to DiPoetro for the isles, he was solid when he was on
Bored. I want McDonalds.
Opening of "Sea Surf Sun" group show at Clic Gallery in New York on 23rd June - Hawaii photog Wayne Levin is one of the artists exhibiting
Oh, I have plans. Can you come over this week? o: or next?
Its the only time a Football team from Cleve,gets a win over a Pittsburgh Football team,they are celebrating in Cleveland
Only thinq ima do to dha bitch is pass her fast
how come i got a text saying vote for ?froma number i dont know?...
Yowza! Time to start going through boxes!
Glad you're coming! Thank you for your interest in improving the lives of children in need!
idk he hit me up today we suppose to chill tomorrow if the doctor say its cool for me to be out
Where you dropped them?
is hoping we can finally start external QA this week... We've been waiting long enough!
Considering how often we used to listen to that record, I don't see how that's even possible.
live tour of the Blazers locker room now at www.trailblazers.tv!
check out the music!www.reverbnation.com/slimgoodiecandy
Floyd the Barber from the Andy Griffith show
is listening to Steven Curtis Chapman.
Thank you Nina!
Its going to be a beautiful-sunny-warm January day & what a day 2 Sonic #Baltimore #Annapolis >8212 Liberty Rd-Bmore/Solomons Isl Rd-Edgewtr
you love it (;
they must've ironed out that bug - Siri now says, "I don't know that, but I can search the web for you."
Busy day around here- President Obama is peacin' out to the West coast for some campaign stops!
I hate when people "opens up a can of worms".... It makes me think of a can of worms
In response to an article I read about Tiger, the over under wins in 2012 is 2.5. I say 3 wins plus 1 major (Master's). What say Yee?
": God cares about what stresses us out... "Cast all your anxiety on Him, because He cares for you." 1 Peter 5:7"...amen :)
Your pussy galore costume is insanely sexy. Gene is a lucky man to have you as a patient and forgiving woman.
Show went super well thanks to and everyone else who was there! Always going getting support
tonight at the Brooklyn bowl. Lots of people and great ideas.
Is diablo 3 worth the buy?
I think I stole the churches pen.... IM SORRY JESUS!
barriers to OSS selection: unfamiliarity with OSS solutions; lack of internal technical skills & formal commercial vendor support
Q4) unpacking builds deeper understanding and retention of key concepts eapecially relationships
A night of studying; Google AdWords, Optimization, and Analytics. Thanks Youtube for not making me READ these things.
Good workout, new tires on the car, massage, mani/pedi, lunch with moms.. Nice lil Saturday so far :)
My dog has been in one of those things off and on for like 2 months! so sad..what happened?
Being on Twitter and fangirling over Austin, instead of reviewing for exams and doing your homework.
Headache... Not sure why. Holistic medicine here I come.
I guess I should #floss before I
For some REAL fun, create a master account doc.... #wheresmypersonalassistant ?
Come get a free issue of the paper, coffee and doughnuts at the BBJ’s Tweetup Aug. 14 at 9 a.m.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
and....im in Connecticut!
lmfao a car hit our bus now we cant get off the bus -.-
The team is pretty much awesome. Big thanks to & Sami...y'all rock.
Only time they talk is when you getting money when they gone realize you in another dimension🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶🎶 I CANT MAKE THIS UP!
RT via : We scored one for the home team! Thank you Sacramento! No one thought we would be here but us!
How To Become A Better Trader?! Forex is a great business but to be profitable we need to learn how to trade!
i am omg
when you sneeze while driving to work and can't control the things you're holding in your hands.
... and the 2nd one will be a closely contested race w/ a player that in hindsight was nowhere near the player Robin was
Incredible hit under pressure by David Freese, 2 strikes, bottom 9th, series on the line. Baseball at its best.
Chex Mix, Diet Coke. You?
Hm... What to eat tonight. Any suggestions?
Love you back!!
aiight got it
Safe flight today, , and good luck in your interview! You're gonna rock that bitch, sister wife!
I will know more tomorrow afternoon what my night looks like should be able to make it
Woah, I forgot I brought coffee in today!
No problem! :)
we shall respect our elders by buying you a shot at HQ!
You don't realize how strong a person really is until you see them at their weakest moment.
Q1 wrapping up, how are you handling work flow or bottle necks on your team in IT? Staff aug helps push through those hurdles. Ask me how...
Most of TOs major league sports business franchises offer sports-as-entertainment to sell season tickets in stadia and TV program content.
Twitter jail does exist!I was locked for 4 straight hours.
We're having such a great time here at BAK Middle School! Today we have Musicianship Classes, listening sessions, and Ensemble Rehearsals!
Dancers are probably the only people who get excited when they receive nail clippers and nail files as gifts.
Jesus: I could barely stand and one eye was bruised and crushed. I could only see through My left eye.
yup! I'll be there.
Haha! I ordered flowers to my mom's job once and she didn't go to work that day. I was salty. Lol! Now I only do same day!!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils! ~ Louis Hector Berlioz
so true!!
Not weird at all. I too struggle with wanting a warmer place. I have several color combos in mind too, just can't decide.
I want tickets!
Wow, apparently i need to start a smug blog... RT : Technically, I'm getting paid to watch the NFL Draft. Just FYI.
Watching the game 1st time to see a game living out in Vegas Embarrassed to be a fan Guess defense stops being taught after college
So fun! From coworking in Capitol Hill, Seattle to Capitol Hill, Denver. Ha! Love how the #coworkingvisa does that!
C. Darwin maybe had best perspective. Creative + resourceful = evolution. Traditional schooling is stifling & families seek air.
rollin with Love the interface and customizations. Thanks for the heads up.
Twinkle Twinkle little whore, your at school not jersey shore. Your a slutty orange mess. Please go find a longer dress. (;
Welcome to the
we are going to do some major celebrating! A small shopping trip? ;)
My beard is taking over my face.
I really need to find some sleep if I am going to fully enjoy the midnight showing of The Goonies tonight.
I hear ya on the vacation. That's what I NEED right now. I usually fly home to LA to visit my folks.
know what pisses me off? "SyFy". What happened to "SciFi" and the good ol' days with Sliders, Stargate, (new) BSG, MST3k, etc...
They will consider a 10% "good will" discount if we spend $78 to have them inspect it again. They had it 1 month ago.
#Goodluck1D good luck boys ,you've gone very far ,us directioners are very proud <3
better remember that come football season Go COWBOYS
the incredibly well-drawn and engaging "Demo" by Brian Wood and Becky Cloonan
Your 65 year old patient knows about your NK love?!
hey - thanks for mentioning our work in the Sacramento area. Much appreciated!
Some cool names we came across this week: 1) Zither - instrument 2) Adze - tool 3) When Pigs Fly - vegan bakery 4) Singing Rock
"The national debt is only a problem if the debt is growing faster than the economy." -James Surowiecki () on this morning.
kick em in the face!!
Putting together a current events online discussion & want to connect w Raisin in the Sun -- ideas for resources? Thank you!
So is anyone staying after with Brennan tomorrow for the Bio final.....
POLL: Which #NBC4 tweep is most likely to be a #DC history fan? or ?
“: Ewwww my bro feeling his self”You Already Know!!!
thanks for the advice! on the 8th day, God gave us those green spill sticks! we miss you around here!
Dear #NHL, please don't turn into the #NFL and start treating goalies like QBs. Tootoo did nothing wrong.
RT : This is the problem with getting attached to someone. When they leave you, you just feel lost.
I agree. I have a niche as a lawyer dedicated to defending police officers - and love this niche.
Ask him if he still is in touch with Wilson, and her what she and Lebowski named the baby.
OHMYGOD SCREW YOU!!! Stop blowing my phone up!! Your at 30.. Geez.
Comcast doesn't have it - feel free to tweet the score once in awhile :0)
totally agreeing with you right now.
i love yall
im sorry im not horny.......
Wooster hosts Sweet 16 and Elite Eight, could be the biggest Woo v. Witt game EVER if they both win Friday.
Delta Airlines will save 300million a year in fuel and keep Business in the States
Need HGH and another mild steroid
#IReallyHateWhenPeople stare in my face like they know me...
I hear you star...
My competitive side came out big time today with as we played tennis!
big diff tami straight bullied her for something stupid tami needs help
Aww, you won't get to see my awkward self in a dress! :P I hope you have fun though :)
Enjoying my time at home in Chicago before i make my way over to #SaoPaulo Brazil!! i need my fill of Pao de Quiejo!
Have fun, girl <3
Lot full at udvar Hazey and the streets of Chantilly are packed as if there was a ticker tape parade for the Redskins.
#TIP Tweets with a username first are invisible to people that don't follow you both—begin with .@ to make public
Kick start the week with half priced bottles of wine all day at Goldfish!
Watching the deer prance in freedom from the side porch sipping coffee...joy!
Thank you Richard Chudnow from ! So glad you were apart of "An Evening with the Arts" !!!
Got my single of The White Stripes' "Hand Springs" today. It looks sexy, and it pretty much describes my mood right now.
I haven't been this happy in months. It feels nice. n_n
back on twitter
for most trips Long Beach is much better..
Aahhh U learn something new everyday! Thank U again. ;-)
I Just saw a rainbow ! :D
I'm just a good multitasker :) Hope all is well with you!
Congrats to Linda Ohler, winner of 2012 American Society of Transplantation Clinician of Distinction Award!
Is it wrong that I get excited when Dragic does pretty much anything tonight?
Another great day of football. Big win by the Giants. Very confused, Rex said Jets own New York. Hm.
I miss you and love you loads more </3 And trust me, when ever I can, I am. Seriously, we need to actually have a phone call!
“: Reading this tweet at the bar on a Wednesday night. #singlegirlproblems” haha
How do you or how can you reward yourself without spending money? Really I would love to know.
I can't hear anyone right now, with yelling and all that in his tweets
I hope they are too big to fail. lol
Check us out on Facebook! www.facebook.com/therealdealjazz
Ok, for you it Thursday. ;)
very cool! I used to live on 3rd. I miss LQA quite a lot.
Stranded at paige's moms house... Someone come get us
Replies I've been getting are saying multi-player in BattleField 3 is much better. Will have to give that a try. Campaign has been meh.
There should be a limit on ALLCAPS as well RT If you put an "urgent" flag on every single email you send, you need to plan better.
babe I can't call tonight.. but ill call tomorrow k
"You're name is terrainio"
National Grilled Cheese Day = Yuk
Hope everyone is having a great Tuesday and enjoying this awesome Spring Weather
On my way to AWP. Getting warmed up with some hugging, handshaking and back patting calisthenics.
so aparently y computer dosent want me to listen to love line cause im an idiot and cant figure it out fuck my life time for sleeping pill
damn another productive day just to do it all over again tomorrow lol
Sometimes, music is the only thing that can describe unspoken words.
me too its So good CountryGirl:)
Thanks for highlighting us! We might update the infographic soon.
I KNOW, RIGHT?!
if your man enough to bring a child into the world, be man enough to take care of it.
ibhave Barolo's and Brunello's coming out of my eyeballs...help!
So freakin hot in Texas!!!!
In the LOCEA meeting where legislators will be speaking about the public education audit, reports from the superintendent, among others
#ThingsIGetAlot dirty looks and death threats
follow back skid
absolutely!! I can't wait! :-)
Yes,I do. trying 2 think of a good ex R A2 do u think companies/products brands can be in both best practice categories?
Hi! We <3 but we are a ! :) How long do you think you'll be with us?
Thx #dancesymp for a great panel on data & dance! Enjoyed all of your questions, learning from you
Thanks for the mention.
GM! RT : GM to the #HIH crew and MelMaree!
- Sorry we missed each other. It was a crazy busy week.
Education as pure science ... NOT
Yeah! I'm on team Dragon for 2012
yea I can tell. I dig it though haha. I'll have send you some snippets. He'll have your project right bro
I don't care who you are or how old you are if u don't respect me, I'm not respecting you.
oh okay. How was your day?
oh my o.o haha
RED is going to change and improve their ordering process by February.
who is the organizer of the fair?
People that update there Facebook but can't text you back... SMH...
OK no biggie. n I asked u about Angelina Castro is cause she is out here u can c her when u come
The Formal Opening is just a few hours away. Are you attending?
this weekend #gametime tradition
Jeremy Guthrie 1 of the nicest, coolest guys in the bigs but I hope the Crew kills him today
Epic always works in that way. No doubt excellent planning was executed!
Great #commencement this week. Everyone should conclude their hooding ceremony with a marching band.
Planet Amazing Launches New Environmentally Friendly Pest Control... The EPA has approved Planet Amazing 's non-toxic pest control and ho
Thanks to the expansion of the digital world, information on fashion is endless. What is your fashion blog?
So many fun apartment things. So little money.
D'Antoni is a quitter. Word is he just resigned..
He's the worst texter ever hhah ;p
I try , I try . I love me too lol jk I said jk ! God I hate people like that .. But I love you too roodytoot 😘
": When things get out of control I suggest turning into it while gently tapping the brake."
catching up on , <3 's interviews but heartbroken theres no audience. how are mom and i supposed to go to the show now??
Happy me 41 followers follow
great stuff Mike good for you and them both Congrats
Writing sesh with
124 days, three hours.
“: 15 hr days when you're on a salary contract<<<" You got to love it! I know you're getting up in the morning and doing it again.
I'll be back in Miami soon :) RT me and still need to shoot with you eventually...
Shawn where are you?
Current will be crazy tonight with 6 dj's DJ G SPOT ED THE BRUCE, MOH DUCIS ,DJ VICIOUS , DJ JONNY, DJ LUCKY, LASER LIGHT SHOW! EPIC NIGHT!
Ahahahahah that's what girls are for!
because i am?
thanks, MG. Education, statistics, public awareness, actually authoring the leg.
replies to everyone but me spanks
is on ESPN now, check him out!
#GDC Crime City, TinyZoo, TapZoo say that with more distribution channels closing, the app reviews become even more crucial
THE MYSTERY WRITERS is on sale this week for $2.99. Interviews and writing advice from bestsellers, award winners:
Chocolate &amp;amp; Fruits:The most popular and delicious chocolate dipped fruit is strawberry
are they legitimately still on the bubble?
Parents just left to go clubbing.
Remember when we had 15 minute break? :c
Had a great flight and is in PA : )
Great AD swap. Trade Lisa Love at ASU straight up for Dan Guerrero of UCLA !!
Have a very important day tomorrow!
Disney channel makes me feel like a little kid again, I am loving this! (:
#MUSTFOLLOW will follow back
World of Warcraft? :D
#Dodgers take lead on four singles. #Brewers wolf needs help.
"Efficiency is intelligent laziness." -- Woody Paige, Around The Horn (on his chalkboard)
Follow us on FB from the May 1st Roll out
Are you then!
#OneDirectionAreComingHome Never have I been so excited that they get to go home. bout time, they deserve it
Being healthy is all about making choices. Taco Time NW seems to understand this; that’s why there are so many ways to customize.
Car accident on Alderaan Rd. How fitting!
BIG NEWS CUMING SOON
breakfast in bed. It's not fair that you only got to have 1 mothers day, and I don't even remember it. All these people who have kids and...
SJP IS SO FIERCE!!!
I didn't find shit at the mall!!! Maybe becuz I don't even have room for my clothes that I already have from toledo......
I have always been highly attracted to sand and water. grew up near the beach.
Creating new Habits is Key to Change!
Me, too! RT : I really really wish I could present as well as
nah nah nah lol
But really...
A snow day is a great day to dream about this year's Golf-on-a-Stick Outing! Share your ideas for this or other events. We're planning today
Come see us in
Awesome bands. Great fans. I even did a shot with Randal Cobb. I think I like this place.
#101gadgets is so great. can't wait to see what makes the top 10!!!
People actually use iBooks?
Don't you mean - exhausted to collaborate
I wonder where I can find that Harvard Jeremy Lin jersey in a kid's size.
I'm in boulder for a grad party.
"it was cheaper to treat kids for free than to take Denti-Cal." Dr Cindy Weideman
High Manhattan rents + low interest rates = a busy real estate market and a busy me!
That and anything that contains the word 'kerfuffle'.
just checked out your bon iver cover. I will email him the link. I subscribed to your YouTube, Facebook and reverb. Awsome!
“: I've just recently seen your menu and I wanted to try every item... I'm very impressed. That doesn't happen very often”
thanks for the RT!
I live in LA & it's my dream to visit the iCarly set! Please tell me how? You even shot iCarly in my school in LA! :) 
Ok, good.
Joining kevin honeycutt on #edweb.net "inspiring teachers--changing lives" Should be fun.
#Caps overall tried & stuff... Don't want 2 get too salty over the loss. But, hey, DC sports.
There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends. Thomas Fuller
Really Nashville? A Johnny Cash Museum? You're walking the line.
Live for today...Plan for tomorrow...Party tonight..!!!
sounds to me like the guy you are reffering to does not know what he's doing... Just an observation ;-)
Ironing the super-rumpled collar of shirt for dinner tonight. Can't look shabby at , I got a rep to maintain there! :p
Might as well head over there now, smh @ Bucky!
Hello world
;) auctions Treatment Regenerator for dry and damaged hair FULL KIT
yeah he picked a quality picture..
Greystones Group is applying the latest innovative tech to Gov IT
Stop counting hoe RT : Twelve days twitches!!!!
LOVING #Falling Through Holes! Thanks for pulling me out of mine! Where's my next AP exclusive??
"What is so gooey in my pocket?" - overheard at work
Cool! RT : Heartland Actors Repertory Theatre to restore "Shakespeare on the Canal" in 2012,
Happy birthday wish I could have been up to party!
Tomorrow is National Pack Your Lunch Day! Order a pizza or two tonight & use the leftovers for lunch tomorrow!
what a cutie!
Don't make other people use the lighters tonight.
wet Republic sundays let's go!
It's kind of hard not to get distracted when a respected colleague tells you their favorite movie is "Ishtar".
Me too! PS I miss you.
#LEAVELOHANTHONYALONE we all have fucking opinions.
Just followed , gotta see u on television, like ASAP!!!!! Can't wait!
Not hard to measure social media. Just hard to quantify it. Via
RT " "C.J. Miles said there could've been better communication between Tyrone Corbin and him, as well as team."
Just saw a really cute little girl being pushed in a stroller. Guy pushing her was carrying a large gun on his belt. Welcome to AZ.
BREAKING!!! UFC officially refuses to sign/sanction immediate rematch tonight in Fairfax between Bryce Harper & his bat
I thought about getting some posters to autograph for my boy
"[H]aving thus chosen our course ...with pure purpose, let us renew our trust in God, and go forward without fear and with manly hearts."
When the family calls I have to go #WorkFlow It's my occupation guys!
What is a Natural Hair Meet-Up Day? Lol. We come up with some creative reasons to congregate!
I miss you too! I'm pretty sure I had like 3 heart attacks....scariest thing EVER!
yayyy! We're doing great. Miiigghhht even have some news on those recordings for you soon ; ) Miss our Maine/main lovelies!
Thinking bdubs for tonight
#HoodAccountPasswords young money
Thanks for the follow. We are working hard to support Florida entrepreneurs via our funding portal!
If we ever spell anything wrong its most likely he blows
hoping 49ers make it. Vernon Davis is into curling, big time. Hope you do stop by and give it a go! Travel safe to SF and Indy!
I just need 9 more followers..:)
we don't have to instagram everything guys
Finest men in the theater all great on their respective platforms.
only if handies count.
Thanks! How was your Mothers day?
thanks for coming and thanks for all the real time tweets! #Barrio pop-up
Follow me... Please:'3
Going to try not sucking at sit-ups for once in my life.
"twitter is like a cocktail party" amen!
Spit it out or go home!
Let's Go Lakers
How bout that Blackhawks win last night?! Be sure to watch game 6 at Theory tomorrow at 8pm!
check out my last tweet
Girls talk shit for the dumbest reasons.
i love yu too
only with your breath. 
im just a random twitter just tweetin dats all
Wishing I was in the green room of on Happy Day!!
SXSW & being gluton free sucks...no beer. A glass of white wine please. Stutter Home has intro me to Kettle One. So much for no hard booze
So christmas is still good went to 2 parties ugh tired.....
How're things with you?
Early call in a few hrs but still charged from Terry Berland class. Can't sleep, mind whirling...
as it should be! Congrats!
Good afternoon people, Happy Superbowl Day!
I talk to my human all the time....he mostly listens. Woof!
Hey wats up twitter!!!!
nothin bored in class
Center for Competitive Politics doesn't oppose disclosure in theory, just in practice? hm
Michele Bachmann said homosexuality was enslavement. Bitch, enslavement means you are a slave and gay means lots of sex and cool clothes
Purple Flow again With my crew singing songs we sound BAD ! Lol we all said we would never get good at it
Seriously, I filled out about 50 captchas, wasted half an hour, called the line 20+ times only for it not to sell me tix. What a nightmare.
THERE R F'NG HIPSTERS EVERYWHERE IN MY NEW TOWN! AH
if you were a transformer you'd be Optimus fine ;D
I'm reading that now, too.
make a status about me!
What should you do if you accidentally threw away your English assignment...
doesnt mind the idea of moving to portugal...as long as dottie and lily can come.
i love u :* please tweet me! xox
Join Russ Kick, , and at the Rubin Museum next Wednesday for the launch of The Graphic Canon! Get your tix now!
Have your bought your Mega Millions lottery ticket yet? Or are you in line? Tweet us your photos!
"It’s kind of fun to do the impossible." Walt Disney
Me thinks now is a good time for some
PICTURES ,AFTER THE SHOW.....new body, new shape....
UPDATE 1-Kingspan sales rise, notes dip in sentiment
next will be hair club for men
achieve the desired results. Extensive skin angiomas may require other forms of treatment. .keloidsurvey.com
Heartbreaker for Caps. Amazing game.
I LOVE Haters stay jealous tbh
no no u are
In the language of econ, those other forces are regulatory or constrainting
aww yay you found a science ken! lol. and wow yeah you're def busy! :) what's love for sail?
heyy how r u would u follow me please
you can! Lol I need to go to sleep..
no communication from the fellas. Let me know if u all r in NYC or MIA or CHI for new years eve
Officially done handing in stuff for the semester. Wondering how one assignment got voted down. Still, bring on the summer.
Why the sudden appearance of twitters for the guys' body parts/clothing/personalities?
RT : We are so nerdy but I love it!
If you've got a Blog rich in images, jump on the Pinterest Rocket! What a Powerhouse of Traffic!!
But what if wondering what they will eat tomorrow got boring?
Need a shower....i smell like Ihop and shit :/
I'm twatting pictures all over the place.
Have you noticed your leftist "friends", if you have any, claiming "no recollection" lately? Effort to get E. Warren some credibility? ,)
can you believe everything that has happend to you??? Because I can't <3
RT : People who make commitments to reach their goals are the ones who are going to reach them. Zig Ziglar
there are more for you than are against you. Be encouraged today :)
New in tallboy cans this weekend Deviant Dale's. These guys might be our faves, and this beer shows exactly why.
Aww, thanks! It was... interesting. Hahahaha.
reminds me of the time T.roosevelt received that parking ticket on Penn Ave in 1906.
nice what time to stop by for some southern cooking lol...
Hi, TP Thx 4 flwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
no i never thought about home schooling. besides she`d rather having me going 2 school
loves #nafsaAD because she gets to say "on the hill" during her speech
(c) she'll realize things can get better
Happy that Sugar found a trusting human ;) Reminds me of some of the pix you posted of Miki & BabyAngus.
": #ThingsIReallyCantStand Seeing someone flirt with the person you like."
I don't like to talk about people BUT this ratchet lady is horrible mother. Why are you yelling at a two year old. Bad parenting 101.
uh-has it been through the wash?
Quiet day at home.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 4
Question asked about distribution and how you do that--
Barack Obama does it again! making history for human rights with gay marriage support: what a great man! the moral high round once again!
Worth it RT : Toll House Ice Cream Chocolate Chip Cookie Sandwich packs nearly as many calories as a Big Mac!
returning student, 40 y/o, first gen grad, much leadership experience first time in college 20+ years ago. want to share it!
Desire a #nude special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
goodmorning! starting the day with Aerobics class :) y'all have a great day
I read your e-mail exchange and I thought your response was insightful. I think you are way more "right" than your friend.
I apologize for confusing Keenan and Kel, but SNL's acting has gotten turrible
": These cats fuckin wit these syrup sammich ass hoes....its steak and shrimp on this end!! Lol" you silly which 1 am i
I *know*! The madness of it all!
Flatbread Feature: Chicken, mushroom, tomato, onion, spinach, provel & mozzarella Soups: White Chicken Chili or Chilled Berry Gazpacho
that was already the plan
but... but thats so plain!!! i guess its just timeless.... WHATS UP!? :D
I'm going to be okay
New old Lompoc?
you get on somewhere! and atleast you got a follower .
"naught may endure but mutability." - shelley.
Please don’t hesitate to pass along any cool NYC info you may know of to me. I will definitely pay it forward.
Worry about you.
it inspired me to make mushroom lasagna tomorrow :)
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/06/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Everything happens for a reason.
Only 45 more minutes to vote online for your favorite on #DWTS! I already voted!
Do you have insurance? Can you afford to see a doctor if you get sick? Do you have access to affordable health care? If not call us for help
Off to Craigslist Boot Camp to talk about cross-sector collaboration. Super stoked.
Word --> Data for "content creation" is inherently incurious.
#lowkey dk where the heck we are. I been sleep most of the ride.
Happy Valentine's Day! ♥
Sometimes I feel like I'm more mature than my mom is.... Turning up the tv as loud as it can go to drown out my brother
I'm a lonely unicorn that's why. And valentine's day is coming up, ugh. Oh well I like cats anyway, they better.
Included lyrics about smashing pumpkins AKA Rihanna in his Theraflu remix
word. should be ah-PEETZ!
Besto Pesto being sold at East Bay Church today. 41st and Telegraph. Til 3pm
That which is worthwhile IS worth the xtra effort. Give it all you got! It's just when you think it won't happen that it DOES!
I scheduled a trip on the Vikings-Dallas game day? What a screw up.......
My greedy landlady, well off SVA / Pace teacher, oppressor of working class behind closed doors, takes students to OWS
NO Doubt!
Thanks for the RT! What are your thoughts on Freedom plaza now?
The thought of doing hills at practice in this heat <<<<
the Salvation Army ladies have left. Cariboi bois are now supplying my daily allotment of overhearing malicious gossip.
If you expect the worst from someone, that's what you get, but if you ecpect the best, you get more. That's what I think.
hey! ah i remember haha sure thing lovely :) Are you going to any of next years shows? .xx
Just wrote this crazy male pop joint last night... hope God blesses it!
Shoot me an email. We can also discuss over
"You couldn't get me high enough to eat that."
Can we see Donald Trump's birth certificate for his hair? Certainly can't come from this country. just askin'
fuck you,fuck you,fuck you *bernie mac voice*
Pidgeons in the airport?
our #300 Follower wins a Free POSTER! who's it gonna be? .. TIME TO TAKE YOUR PLACE! YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS
Awesome, we can't wait to see them! :)
Trending in #Sweden right now is Steve Jobs and #WhoWantsToBeAMillionaire . Living in the past, guys.
I shouted no, did you hear me;-)
Don't have much left in me....
Avery Bradley headed to the locker room.
ok just let me know when
Pork shoulder went on the smoker at 430 this am, hoping in 12 hours I have something to brag about.
Thanks so much for the #FF! We're honored. Also - Thank YOU for being an advocate for good health in
you got some shit to say , I suggest you to hold it in. bitch.
hoping that I can donate my beard to those in need at some point.
There are times we must evaluate ourselves by the passion and effort made, not the results. Learn, grow, and move forward.
ok, now i see itt c:
I did too but people were saying there were more
Girl You Got My Heart And Soul 4-3-12:)
Any specific burgers to recommend. Gotta hit this up for pre-game tomorrow.
All my followers: If you like great comment and beautiful photography of (mostly) French romanesque churches then follow:
My co worker and i go to school together but the only time we hang out is when we're home. Smh
Kodak rep questions whether they will still produce film stock in four or five years. Preservation committee meeting
Our day just got even better thanks to ! Thanks for your help :)
The best day of the year is just 2 months away!! Major things are in the works!
Happy birthday to lily bethany... Just kidding... I hate you both
Im the luckiest boy in the world to have owns my heart :-)
that's wassup
#MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Boys Boys Boys
Well let's hope my surgeon got enough rest and is ready to work today
BRUCE!!!! “: Put my iPad on stretch mode in photo booth and handed it to my dad. He says, "jeez I look fat."”
I always get butterflies in my stomach, which they say is a good thing. I just don't want to fall down or have a brain freeze lol.
The 2012 men's basketball #ACCB1G Challenge matchups will be out at 2 pm ET today. Who do you think NC State will play?
kill you
I just discovered you on Youtube. The bit about your wife's break away dress was hilarious Congrats..I see you found her
Many of us only read the Word on Sunday Morning. Plan to read the bible regularly.
how's it going? Been a while since I've heard from you! You should come climb again soon!
Running on 5 hours of sleep
thank you!!!
Words can't express how awful the #PSU crisis is for the alleged victims. provides honest #sportsPR perspective. ow.ly/7qng2
Watching #weightofthenation. Are you? Let's get #healthy!
i am seeking recommendations for cellphone rentals in Spain --> thanks all!
Classes are almost over!!
Hi- Happy New Year!
So young when the pain had begun, now forever afraid of being alone..
decision of the day, idunno if wanna produce a beat or do sum writing and record sumthin. either way im gettin this money
But i texted . Just on lock down now you trying to act like you aint get it
What gets rid of scars?
um where's my invite?? Haha
Congratulationfoun going GOLD!! RT : BOOK ME! . Dates going FAST!!!
Quick! What's the last song that got stuck in your head?
Took my father on a float trip down the San Juan River in Northern New Mexico today. What an awesome day! Thank you Lord!
It's grown on me.
Or the sister place, KushiBar on 2nd in Belltown. Have you been there? Owned by the same folks.
get it girl
BURAKA! Tormenta Tropical was on fire.
of course! xoxo
Thanks RT i love u,this is called a opposition! Dems vote on non-binding resolution to NOT bring POTUS tax deal to floor
this "impending rapture" debacle better not be a marketing ploy for another sparkly vampire movie
any chance you'll add the ability to change the SlideAway bar's bg transparency soon?
Im confused
Goodnight! Sleep well. If not… melatonin :)
as are you! ahww me too! thanks :> lololol you're welcome, next time I'll hook it up! hahaha :p
where do u live
#sonsofguns #zombies this is gonna be a great episode!
NO DONT BE SCARED TRUST ME HAPPEND TO ME ALOT GO ASK HER OUT BEFOR SOME ONE ELSE DOES lol whats her name do i know her O_O
See you soon!
oh my
Why does this Susan Cain keep calling herself an introvert? She sure is out there talking about stuff on the a lot.
Hotel &amp; Lodging Stock Outlook - May 2012 - Industry Outlook
never maintain.
~80% of tweets and Facebook statuses consist of complaints and boasting. Smh.
just text or tweet me whenever you want to:)
that's awesome!
I don't even know homie but according to the town he aint nuthn but a lil bitch
hahaha.. its an ad I saw during the Phillies game for some cholestoral pill or something. LOL!
Tweet tweet ♥
please do! . thank you!
I'm mad I can't remember the last time I went to IHOP...why is that and ?
yep, the databases I can access are very limited
Hummer limos available this weekend in vegas.
I don't know what to do anymore I haven't even done anything and we aren't talking....I just don't know what to do.
#piracy RT : Yes, it's HBO's fault for putting out something people wanna watch. Shame on them! They deserve it!
Going to have to foot the bill to go to ISTE this year myself. Best rate ends tomorrow.. FYI
yep u just took it there
We're on with Joe Buttafucco and Dennis Hof talking about the boxing match between Buttafucco and Amy Fisher's husband! #Roc 222-6000...
i see u bestie ur att my house and taking pictures lol
what happened G?
Intrigued by ONCE: a new musical. Seems right up my alley, but have not seen the movie to know.
Hahaha u know what that does to me! Lol RT : Oh? *hands u José* «iAmMissKarma This Saturday I will be taking shots tho!!!»
I would wake up if it costed $.99 to press the Snooze button.
Must motivate!! Gym > couch. So hard to move though...
you should roll with some star wars sheets
I know I'm late to the game on this one, but skymap is the bomb
really? Right on! The burger even has kale on it :)
Thank you for the RT!!! Give today~
So tired
I guess that's just the jersey in me.
Well we have a confirmation to play on first US radio station . Mote info coming soon.
I had nothing to do with it. Just repeating something I saw on Facebook. ;-)
Tonight was sad, exciting, and every other emotion in the book. I'm so blessed to have all of these people in my life.
two more weeks! Yours is too!!!
+ Irina Beffa! U r truly amazing. Thank u so much for your continued support. It means the world to us! Keep rockin sister!
Spending the night with Queen Latifah and Dolly!
Big brother on, love the drama
Exactly! I agree. Yes, I'm w/n walking distance. Always forget about the music!
Blake Griffin is a monster in the paint!
Ask Style: What Are Some Shopping Strategies for Black Friday? I 'm planning on scoring some Black Friday sales, but I 'm afraid that eve
no, it was Sam Jackson leading a inter-government agency! That's a pre-Obama joke, but his job turned them off to S.H.I.E.L.D.
made veggie fajitas with black beans, avocado, roasted pablano peppers, and mango salsa for dinner. Eat you heart out Rick Bayless.
Spontaneous Compassion #johnhunter - love love love
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:25am in Atlanta, GA it is surprisingly warm at 68 degrees. High: 68* Low: 34*
We're not kidding & ! is the brainchild behind this brilliant idea. Stay tuned!
Do it!!! RT : This lock out is killing me I feel like being a dog for a day And pooping on rich people stoops
I don't have your app but listen to Elvis in the morning. I won't any more.
Just talked to some guys who hitch-hiked from Detroit to Portland. They run Trumbullplex Zine Library.
10% of men and 18% of women reported a preference for oral sex to achieve orgasm (Janus & Janus, 1993).
“: 9 minutes 44 seconds” hope that's a track length
Done with class forEVER
Congrats to Charlize Theron & new baby boy! Adoption is a worthy option, TY for ur example: Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Sandra Bullock...
": #NRB12 : #5 Your heart is under constant attack by Satan.
Idk how many times ive said this already but . .
. You are a role model to life's lesson of Ancora Imparo. Thank you : )
Stay tuned for an exciting announcement...
well you were supposed to get one with your ticket, if you do want a hard copy let us know, thanks for coming out!
Romney is on CNN. The Biggest Loser is on NBC. Or vice-versa.
Is it so you are coming to in the fall? Looking fwd to meeting you in person! We're all v excited to have you.
Thank you for the new slogan.. I'm totally gonna use it everyday! :DD
FYI, you can get a free track called "Fall Away" from Dive on www.ReverbNation.com/dive
GO BILLS
Wild Boar Bratwurst today! Chipotle ketchup and more. Also Double Chocolate Brownies
I was in the bathroom... eeeeewwwwwwwwwwww lol
#MyPastRelationships are in my past for a reason and in the past they shall stay.
multi-tasking with Senate floor session in background. I never miss a mention of buffalo wild wings
Truth:)MT “ just watched u vs Lineker.Grt fight but tweet n find the secret of keepin hair tied lol”
Haha help a kid out :) did you follow my personal?
Welcome David! :) Thanks for liking our page. What do you do?
so sad that the show at Billy Bob's sold out before I got tickets! That's awesome tho for y'all :) ....huge fan
About being smiley? You got that down already, boo.
hug the haters and fuck the fans
The rest of my Saturday will be with The IDC #wine vs.
That's just Indy sending regards.
Really wish I could be with my mom today 😔
Woah, serious hiatus from twitter. Apologies. /te
I got that too! I only got $10 off though. What a let down.
you know it man
Always a good time!
Is Mel Gibson causing trouble again?
Hi! What is OSM?
:/ c call demi fat.AND SAYS justin is using selena's fame..LoL...:/
Its funny how a little money (key word little) can change a persons whole attitide....
$2.50 Tuesday! Qtr lb Regular Beef or Polish Beef. Cookies & Cream Brownies today and goin fast
are you two high?
Appreciate that, Scott!
super pumped for #universalstudios and #islandsofadventure tomorrow!
Actually, I uninstalled xobni and still have the same problems.... must be one of my other plug-ins... But thanks!
really? I constantly am chatting with new Internet friends here (that I;m making through the chat)
Today's chopped salad, Diet 7-Up and black coffee has been impeccable.
Followed ya! :D
Recommended a rare song for a 'please like me' mix. PS: fell for you in IDES.
Just landed in philly, somebody play the rocky theme!!!! Where are the cheese steaks? lol
Well god mornin' Georgia..... what a beautiful day....
in next week's ep of :D
Doh! I let my Ludacris reference get the better of me. :) RT : That's Champaign--no bubble here. :-)
Great lunch 2day w/ Amanda Coplin, debut author of The Orchardist (Aug), which Charles Baxter says feels like "a life's work"
Six weeks left to TO Pride and I haven't a thing to wear! Mon Dieu!
Senate Prez pro Tem Steinberg introducing bill 2change API, a measure of school success... LA Chamber wants more focus on employable skills
Click 'like' if you're working towards more love, less handles this Valentine's Day!
I wuv you
Aha i had Chilli too.
yeah we started in Orlando and were pretty successful so we are gonna start playing in Vegas now and tour west coast :]
In honor of Kate Hepbhurn's birthday, the UCLA Anne Edwards Papers includes drafts to her Hepburn biography, A Remarkable Woman.
what we the name o that song you had on your tumblr a while back!?!
Going bowling for my cousins birthday. (:
Nasty - Janet Jackson >>>>
Hm. Not exactly that...She and I became friends during the shoot, as happens on a film set. Who is 'so many of you'?
Hiding? Though, hide and seek would be a very intriguing game. I have a company to run, Ms.Moon.
Michael Jackson ‘romanced Whitney’
In this business it is so important to handle your business. Otherwise your name is compromised.
Thanks to everyone that came out last night! Special thanks to and Teen Mom for sharing the stage with us.
i know aurora told me but still you should call me more often i promise im not busy! im just not at home right now! :/
Going to get Santa's gift for one of my kids from the neighbors garage soon. My son is still too excited to fall asleep. :-)
Droid vs. iPhone is about as "versus" as fish are better than giraffes. Meh.
But hold on I can't lie gurrrrrrrrrrrl yo pussy taste so good
Babysitting Gunner tonight 🐶
Happy Friday! Who's got game plans this weekend? Post them here and who knows, maybe you'll get some extra support from the locals!
wow never thought of just one favorite PGH athlete, but seeing as my nickname was inspired by Casey Hampton, Snacks it is!
This guy just won Twitter! RT : Hey Spurs-Jazz, 1994 called. They want their playoffs back.
Quiet night is about to begin!
The Mountain Goats music has helped me through more times than any therapist. -JO
Day 41 of 100: I am thankful for this killer combo - discipline & making fun of myself.
Whaaaaats up on this lovely monday?
Linkedin labs to see personal connections and hubs
My favorite queer theorist at the moment is Angela Chase.
I just like the way CT sings it with his deep voice
....picky and proud of it!
They should ask themselves when any English players scored a penalty when it mattered -_-
Fuck love... all it will do is fuck you over in the end.
lol naw jus bad game..covering guys way to big
Everyday it seems as though I'm...I'm just shuffling.
“: Your body is a temple. Mine is an amusement park.”bahaaaaa I wanna see u:)
swag. Lmfao “: #textsthatleadstosex anything I say to a female in a text conversation.”
Congrats! Looking forward to seeing you back on the mound. RT First bullpen today!
is there an effigy of Sam Sianis there? I dont remember. There should be.
I'm trying to go watch you dominate tonight. Got an extra ticket for me? Lol
Working on my family history again. This is so much fun.
You need to stop, have a cocktail and rest. It is done, you wrote it, you know it. Leave it be!!
new joints are sick with rihanna is Blasting that kid
I want to go on our walk/run tonight. Call me :)
What to Do about Our Growing eWaste? Electronic devices contain hazardous ­materials that need proper recycling Chrisy Green In
Great Call with and planning for our final #NYC Iconathon!? Our theme #Transportation !
you make my day, every day
already keep doin' ur thang just like a NINJA
hey looking forward to your phone interview on #fox5 with
#badgirlsclub about to come on.
Is sick of #Hollywood remakes. Who cares to see #KarateKid in movies and #TheAdamsFamily on #Broadway? Get original please!
What's this? "It takes approximately 10-12 business days for the internet orders to update in our records." E-commerce = instant!
San Antonio loves country music! Thanks for written such great tunes! goo.gl/DGMbZ
Reading 's Gold Mountain for
National Honor Society Event ; ima support my fav & Kierra (:
You won't get with her unless your willing to lose one of your bestfriends. Its a win win, she's wasting you time and you still have me (;
Ha Ha I am intrigued as to what you guys are talking about!
phoo. Tell that to Napoli & UEFA; even Mourhino admits it. That he's a superb player who also looks like a king makes it worse.
I can't say I'm suprised given the climate.
100% agreed. “: RT : Instagram should make you choose a Neutral Milk Hotel song to accompany your photo.”
Looking forward to that Girl Talk afterparty
Good morning! “Do what you love, and the money will follow.” - Marsha Sinetar
I love those cookies !! #toldyaso ! Bring me one ! Lol
Eager to see Blofeld saying, "Our chief element is fear. Fear and surprise..."
Back pack leashes for girls that are a drunk hott mess at the club would be acceptable though lol...
": #LexiAndJacobAreDating #Prom2013" we went to prom together this year. You're a year behind.
dont feel bad, at least you managed to use yours at least once. mine didnt even turn on...
This is in Bartlett TN
What was the strategic impact of your CAR (challenge, action, result) story?
Congrats, are you a full time indie now?
Goodnite my queen
Free food and drinks (and valet!) at 5:45 downtown- yes, please. If you know me, text/dm for details.
thanks, the drinking shall commence this evening and it's Alaska so that's all they do here!
you have inspired me to finish my writing projects this year, Radiant Child! thank you!
Head over to nuvo.net and vote for The Bike Line for best local bike shop!!
Movies time!!
husband has more attachment than me and i think he is trying to get me hooked. All I remember is intro.
banning hinders, we need to be in students world, it's all OUR world, meet them where THEY are
we do that here at UVA all the time
Mr has finally joined us on Twitter!
the state is only allowed 3 continuances. So let them keep pushing it back.
Thanks for the re-tweet of ! Keep up the good work defending the sanctity of life. God bless!
I just hope it works *fingers crossed*
I am so excited!! RT 80 degrees this weekend? Yes please.
4cold walls against my will, at least I know he's lying still
PB went as well, i think. Hope they don't ask me to return 10 yrs of salary!
yes, and they should be dealing with Taxmaggedon first anyway.
Thank you! In good company! xo RT
When I hear the word Friday I think of Fun... but maybe that's because of Rebecca Black... not sure anymore.
Being relentless is what separates the legendary from the good.
#ImHopingThat you answer my texts before it's too late.
Go Lions!
Merck Worth $41: Shows Solid Growth And Cost Controls
Took some awesome photos today!
that's awesome! looks super excited too
Georgetown's MBA Evening Program is an ideal way for working pros to gain the skills needed to advance in their current career
Got a raise yesterday.
You're welcome!
I hope you both are heavy drinkers. This is going to be One. Long. Ass. Season.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on. -----Carl Sandburg
how can i get my sweet 16 around
I did pussy ;(
I loved The Three Stooges! Nicely done with the 3 "episodes." Go see it for some family fun!
5-year-old boys are the original Stormtroopers! You should see my house!
a few Lehman Brothers reg A looking at TNFG Corp, ECTPQ, ECSPQ,WHCI, Looking Series 7 Trader Broker.
I wasn't in Weho [im not a masochist] but I made the mistake of going out with a cute twink
no chance in hell me and is the dream team
Tweet twaat pep pop hip hop =^__^=
#imissyoubut we cant go back to our old ways .
Ping me on Gchat when you have the chance, would love to hear in more details. :) &hopefully, I'll see you there next year,
Tom Boonen is having his own #Resurrection this year on Easter. He has just won the 110th #Paris-Roubaix bike race.
I look and feell like shit
Dirk Nowitzki replaces Ron Artest as public enemy No. 1 in Thunderland
hahaha im sorry, dude. you'll be getting one of my homemade brownies tomorrow <3 I'm such a good cook, not being cocky here.
That awkward moment when your dad walks out of his room in your moms Yoga Pants
I welcome a gold star.
It's funny how u lose followers, when u don't tweet for a few days. I did not know ppl. Followed & unfollowed so much. Thank u 4 the follows
RT : Spring classes begin today. UTD is open as normal. Give extra time for traffic.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
No #RallyBunny at The Q tonight...but he will be listening to the game on !
Goddamn it, we're never in Century Village at the same time!
Can't wait til my birthday so I can get my tattoo that drew for me<3
The Colts won't win the Super Bowl...but Peyton Manning WILL win the MVP..hands down!!
Support this man. #irregardless MT : I'm within sniffing distance of 700 minions, I mean "followers." Let's hit the 700Club.
Asm Block's #CSU religious accommodation for students and #CSU admissions decision appeals bills approved in #highered cmte today.
Happy 150th birthday to my all-time favorite author, Edith Wharton.
Ohio and Indiana are so boring to drive...been through them enough to know haha
yeah you know all about it!
I better get started on my 1440 laps around the kitchen table!
no, I think we have to go to 3rd block flex first, then remediation till 945 or something
Vocals is my gift but music is my religion
Tis it true you have now existed one year short of three decades on this planet sir? A joyous event to be sure.
yes!!! We try to please everyone's sports needs!!
Agreed. Especially after what they showed in the previews. Bad news. I hope Maggie stays with Glenn though.
okay i did it
When God gives it to be said, the one sharing has to be clear he says what was given. That's a challenging task, but it's what we do.
Always feels good to land in Big D
Low point.
Just watched the season Finale of #Smash again, will probably watch it 100 more time this week.
I said I been tucked like under school work lol
I fear I'll never be an accountant... so. terribly. tedious.
Practice today! Get stoked for new things. Check out our re-release of "We, The Observers." #Apparitions is coming soon.
not much just working at a Dayy Care & having funn w/my life =) wher yu working at???What skool yu @??
Why are there so many empty seats at Red Bull Arena??
Always remember, Neck pillows don't relieve pain but it helps us relax :-)
So stressed and confused! Gosh. #exboyfriendprobs <<<
definitely Wine
. Can't you just hear the introduction? Boring, Dull. Dull, Boring. (awkward silence)
That edited segment of the Rachel show with #Romney's inappropriate laughs at serious things? Should be an ad campaign.
There will be so much more by you soon though! (And by me -- I live right around there too!)
Of prosperity mortals can never have enough.
<Video games or homework? St. John's Univ. (MN) study-students on academic probation tend to spend more time gaming and social networking>
We aren't on a 1st name basis yet. I just fell in love after I couldn't decide on a glass of wine - so he poured me 1/2 & 1/2.
Dillon Baxter. Fuck you.
MY TWITTER HAS A VIRUS GUYS!!!!! SORRY!!!!
FIX YOUR SHIT! I SPENT THE LAST 30 MINS TRYING TO LOG IN AND YOUR SHIT AINT WORKING....GAAAH
#HeavenFest! Our merch is in the main tent across from Everfounds table! Come see us!
I need some sexy, funny ladies for a video shoot this week (Martini promo video). No experience required! Plz RT
Yes, I want to hear you, baby. *smirking*
hey friend! We would love to send you a free track for liking us! If you have FB, you can 'like us' on there and get one! Cheers!
No question, is the best person of all time. Ever. Fact.
Its soccer time ; <3 C:
Frightening moments for several south bay residents who awakened to smoke and flames feet from their homes. We're live 5-7AM.
yup, I have taken the Google Adwords exam
Ok i will spread it like nutella :D
Other + #UMSI connections: - speaker; - keynote; - speaker; - founder/organizer
Thanks! but can't take the credit for it - it was from an article by By Ty Wenger for Redbookmag.com on Yahoo.
More than a little excited for tonight's episode of
Rad Salad: Raddichio salad mix, radishes, carrots, onions, green beans, mushrooms and cilantro dressing. I'm so full!
I'm going to have to use some mental bleach to erase the rapid series of images that flashed through my head.
Damn sometimes I wanna slap myself...
Fell in a hole today. Tore up my knee pretty nice.
1st time and loved it for SOUP event! Will def go back to the garden and more community events :)
Have you ever used a Neti Pot while sick, only to realize that you released the Kraken? Well, call me a sea warrior.
hey what's on the test tomorrow? Only what u went over today. Or everything.
somebody should get me 4 more followers.... then i would be pleased :D
Thanks for the RTs. Here's a hearty #FF for you all!
yeah... the 8 yrs it took to make the film and 2 + yrs of traveling with the film have been cathartic... i feel free of it.
got my invite from Powers, but figured discussion was needed
WHERE U AT DUDE?
WHERE IN THE HELL DO I GET TICKETS TO THIS?!
dance like a yumbutter, sting like yippee
I talk to walls on a daily basis
So much better than today's garbage.
dont talk me to death unless you saying something worth me listening too, i aint got time for all that sorry!
#EpicFail inGAME 2 for Miami shows signs of weakness.Damn WADE wtf?! They got 8.3 seconds left to get a 3 ball off & redeem!
Let us know what music you have been listening to recently!
Wow, sounds like great fun. Are you coming back to CUNY or is this a sabbatical leave?
Ooh how retro. Have a great weekend!
RT : RT : Tyshawn Taylor has been suspended for a violation of team rules, per KU release.
You're not alone #SKCnation RT : I am extremely excited for Saturday's HOME game
I'm buying an iced caramel macchiato and blending it at home next week.
Single stopwatch all the way. Tournament style FTW!
Happy Hour at 10 - the Draft Beers are $5, the Happy is free.
I would, but is busy chugging...
I WANT TO SQUISH HER FAYCE!
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!! :))))
Watching interact with & team about #cyberbullying & respect.
Yo mama is so stupid , she had you
Classes are getting in the way of my education
. Miss Him So much
OMG he randomly followed me one day last year and I wasn't even following him! I had to look him up to see who he was xD
true true. I need to watch more of their games.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it
Looking for sheet music to song "London Rhythm" by Mack Gordon. Anyone able to help me track down?
RT Hi! I live in Kentucky! :) Happy Hour? Wherever I can find a nice glass of wine. :) <<<--- Red or white?
is back at her old stomping grounds...Reliant Stadium/Aramark...dam it's been a long time...five months!!!...
RIP Adam Yauch.
Baskin Robins had some sort of deal for $0.31 today or something!
I see what you did there.
Tamba Hali must be livid that they're just now starting to call holding in the NFL.
hit me with some coupons
that would be awesome
haha -- ditto -- we do miss u :D - but my chances of winning/placing 2nd have dramatically increased by your departure!
How's the King of fighting journalism doing? Hope you had a nice weekend.
Do the clippers run any sort of offensive sets???
That just happened...
What do you think would have paid to have their Logo on one of the last Shuttle Ferry Flights?
you guys keep getting me so excited! :) ~19days<3x~
Snooki Steals Wrestlemania Spotlight, Our Cold Hearts
Well thanks for that vote of confidence.
I have 100 followers. Feels #great i'm #proud. lol. new goal- 150!!
Yes and the team wasn't very good as I recall!
#wordoftheday Nebbish (n) a timid, meek, or ineffectual person. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
especially since a folder of photocopies is now apparently an archive
Key put back by Franklin, UTSA leads 43-40....
Woot! Go Wildcats! Way to beat the Bruins!
we are seated, just say you're with Emily party of 8 :)
Bitch Mob
#iusedtothink I was always right
I've got
Loving integration with Mail and Address Book. Just need it to work with Dropbox on multiple machines.
The last time UK was a #1 seed in the tourney they lost to Marquette. Tom Crean was their coach. That's all.
send us an email or call us and let's work something out
Watched the Blazers - They loss, again. The next game is Friday
I feel like going for a run rn or s/t, feel so fat and full and disgusting from one bowl of ramen
SO epic that it only lasted 15mins before everyone demolished them!
cool! Pop culture blog!
You know you're reading too much #GameofThrones when you try to patch a paper cut with boiled wine and a poultice.
IM GOING TO WORK WITH U
Can you imagine how devastating it would be if you smeared the sharpie in the process of designing? Wow.
The one that LAlainaAI10 had on at the softball game..
the first step to greatness is working with great people ;)
I never had blue balls, hahah I never will because I m fucking!! Lol
Having to provide a photo as a director feels silly. I suddenly feel like a realtor.
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
#HappyMothersDay to all you wonderful Moms out there! Have a fabulous day!
The more I look at your work, the more I like it... amazing color combinations, movement, energy... LOVE!
ah that is madness but i will see you less than a week! and good luck!
Oh, you know, non sequiturs and regret.
With Leadership Kanawha Valley today at Clay Center, CAMC and WVU Health Services ... Learning a lot ...
its snowing in fucking april god must be coming back soon
must do homework
I Can't Please Everyone But I'll Try.
Why am I THIS awake?! I had a full day too. What an awesome mothers day, thanks to Hubby.
yay yay yay. August I'll be there :) is that good enough?
Celtics F Paul Pierce sprained his left knee during shootaround before Sunday's Game 4 win over ATL. He's questionable for Game 5 Tuesday.
#itiswhatitis except for when it isn't
Greg, thanks much for the RT. I hope your followers find the B2B search engines useful!
How do I respond to that...?
Brandy was a great addition to the season
You thinking ima fall,dont be so sure
I don't have time for a grudge match with every poser in a parka! ~ Dr. Horrible
Am I a bad Irishman for working on a Saturday?
keep your head up & don't put too much pressure on yourself
Museum of Vancouver goes art deco for chic fashion exhibit
Girl: Why are you always following me? Boy: When I was younger, my mother always told me follow my dreams.
Sweet mother of shit! (Aka The Virgin Mary) I just got the job offer for Budweiser Brewery! Looks like the "Alcoholicaust" is upon us.
#WHEconForum #womenentrepreneurs sitting in the press seats. where are all of the students?
. says that they have to create a subsidiary system that would license school names and take it out of academia.
Same here !
Pickin up trash
you should probably stop lying..
TEACH RT : Clooney arrested but comedian Dick Gregory was also in custody. New for Clooney but Gregory's been truth for 50 yrs
you kill me, and yes I know who your cuddle buddy is :))
hey cat. Good news coming down the pike. Hope all is well with u. I'm balancing the gigging and producing thing.
Wait for the Japanese release of the album - on CD with bonus tracks. For real. But the LP is gorgeous. Just sayin'
Thanks for your content! Lots of great tweets out there from #smss12 peeps. :)
A Tuesday off means my ass is in a seat at Nationals Park enjoying a Nattitude Cheesesteak Sandwich and watching some daytime baseball.
Dogs are more loyal then most woman.
*smiles and takes it* Your welcome.
I'm now at PeopleBrowsr, would love to demo our social media analytics and influence mapping platform. Been using Alt framework
nothing jp:p
Thank you!!! :) RT : wishing you the best of luck today!!!
Trying to convince to go back for Wrath of the Titans.
Yup. Embarrassing.
wondering why in the world there was a rooster in my back yard just now - I don't live in the country and I don't know of any farms in ATL
WOO OK
Wise people understand that substance always supersedes the superficial, superstitious, and the superfluous!
This condensed NBA season was a disastrous idea. Look at all the injuries.
probably because u didn't have all the lil high school boys checkin u out in ur heels
OMG DARK SHADOWS was SO good!
definitely...sister spent time in a storm shelter yesterday, but everyone is ok. As for Hobart...
That was a fun game to watch ! I'm all about the #Linsanity!!!
Wait, how do you know for sure?
I'll be there :) RT ": It's supposed to be 72 degrees tmrw- come hang on Brady w/me- going to see how many patios I can hit!"
yummy,save ya boy some
Back from the Big Sugar concert - those guys still know how to put on a good show!
It's beautiful out! Happy hour it is :)
Tonight, your mine.
Loving the #FF mention! Thanks for supporting CURE
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. – Albert Einstein
I can honestly say that even as a kitten, never peed on my bedroom floor. Cannot say the same for puppet niece.
Today is my first visit to Sacramento. It is completely infested with trees.
": Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs - " by by Bulls.
We're doin' a lil curiosity survey: what is the best company anniversary gift you've ever received? Let us know!
I swear its fun hearing scream When I'm telling her a Good story lol
Hey Dani, if you see this can you give me a shout put or a follow back? I'd be so thankful.
great pic, Jason. Even if Instagram got the assist.
nothing like music to take you away from reality.
We're on, then.
awl okay
It's a gorgeous day outside! Take advantage of it and be Sportaneous!
- You are a great mom because you care about that exact thing.
RT "How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours."
Panthers not out yet, they score to cut the lead to 2-1 in the 3rd period.
:) I Hung Yo Social Study Notes Up Nd Good Night
XSV won Huntington Beach!
Sadly Henry's about to give this game away.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a wonderful day!
So much for the reds game today..
Gotta love the real deal!
wow! Thank you for listening. We've started tracking 6 other songs for our album. We'll be releasing them soon.
The road to success is always under construction!!!!!
Thanks, E. Much tighter this year, but they played well.
I'll do it, if only for you Troy.
great time, thank you for helping us with our merengue project, I think we will switch to Salsa, Samba or Jazz..lol
RT : Boy putting on Star Wars outfit, severely disappointed: “I don’t look scary at ALL!”
OKC vs lakers. Waited all day for this!
However, we're not presenting the wires to the client. They would be thoroughly confused.
Baseball practice went well, velocity is up and the ball was dancing
Go Sounders!
Check out my new TV commercial with Conan and Bonnie Hunt at www.smithe.com
Happy 23rd Birthday to my beautiful daughter Jess!!! So proud of the amazing young woman uv become! Love u baby!
I sleep so much but i don't care
what u tired of?”)
That's where it's at.
Doggy can I ask for a follow?
(I mean the boot camp event)
Driving games are the worst when you're flying solo
Since its August (summer reading time!) Im going to tweet some powerful quotes from books I highly recommend! Eva's
For sure! RT : It's fun to watch a team play defense when it has a pass rush. Six sacks for #Bills now
yeah,Just let me know! Would you mind asking any of your passion friends or general friends to follow me,it would be awesome!
Brb while I go die.
I have come to realize I like talking about books. Who knew.
RT : At the accepted students reception in Dallas --> Hi! Was the reception helpful? Did we answer all your questions?
We don't even talk no more/We've run out of words to say...
Happy Birthday
Who's a Happy Camper ? I am !!!! went to #PACKERS game and work 3 days this week get paid for 5 !!
Finally Friday. Thank God
Paperwork, compliance, marketing.....etc...etc...etc, Start ups are FUN!!
Thanks for the follow.....
Hey there. I think I spoke to someone last week on the phone. We don't make those decisions. But thank you for reaching out! ^lk
Western burrowing owl (+ white-tailed kites) at Berkeley Marina! Adorable, grouchy-looking football of raptory fluff.
That's always fun. Ahaha!
One day ..one day
- well hello there :)
Colored eggs yesterday. Food all prepared for tomorrow. S'mores made with the kiddos and all 7 are at least in bed. Whew, what a day!
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?
idk man and they got all her cousins too!
NOPE! Just make a shirt video saying happy birthday to him! thanks! and send it to tonight!
Everyone who works at Apple is so nice. It's weird.
Every choice you make is a choice.
follow back? :)
You're beautiful.
upon acceptance into a full time program can they transfer into a part time program due to career circumstances.
Granger.... That was pointless. Keep your cool your team is doing its thing stay focused grab a big W
luncheon eating a fabulous steak salad. Yum!
Over joyed to see all the kids out at the LCS for #fcbd, and a so many girls!
is such an inspiration, she's got it together ya'll!
3 day bro fest with :)
Meetin so many new ppl! I love college!
"Whoever renders service to many puts himself in line for greatness." - Jim Rohn
lmao I wasn't. Cause I'm actually scared of heights. But I just got my ticket. It's okay #yolo right? Hahaha
Our marriage victory in NYS was built on the shoulders of great numbers of people who came forward when the idea of equality was a dream.
Has real estate hit bottom in the Portland Metro? Why many think it has at 6:30pm on NC8.
Blackout! Moe bar is DARK
My pants are falling off....uh oh
Some do this for privacy - provider is actually intermediary so person's name/addy remain private, esp 4 those who work from home.
I feel as tho somehow I've been transported to an alternate universe. I know I'm sane. Are the other people?
Though many people picture #NewMexico as desert terrain, ¼ of the state is actually filled with forests.
losing my day drinking virginity this year at carb day haha
has no idea where the day / night went! Crap! She needs to finish packing!!
Not much, he's more a pen and ink kinda guy....
Having Two Daughters Is god’s Way Of Telling You… “This Is For What You Did In Your Twenties…” I Love Them Both…
Follow stop being stuck up up how hard is it man seriously
Possible solution: just prepend the word "comic" before "books" and then Ecclesiastes won't feel so heavy.
is a HouseWIFE so marlo needs a mirror & to STFU. What's my proof u can't turn a HOE in2 a housewife.
Having friends who are committed to seeking God is one of the biggest blessings in my life. Iron sharpens iron.
#Electrolytes include potassium, magnesium, sodium, calcium, chloride & bicarbonate. They control fluid balance in the body.
Seeking ASP.net programmers to work with.We need help with a payroll WEB application and other projects. U.S. only please!
I kept her on her leash and just reeled her in. It was staged, basically.
LOL Ryan vs Ryan was hilarious! Wow Getzlaf is bald :P
when BET be cuttin out the words in movies lol
I appreciate you bro. Means a lot. Thanks.
thank you so much for checking us out!!
Happy Mothers Day!!!!
Your hipster clothes looking a little "wet dog?" Bring em in to EcoClean, 2915 Guadalupe, right on campus, 24 hour turn, delivery.
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
visa mastercard discover?
Wish i was going to show tonight
Of course I love it, handsome men looking super attractive! :)
I am so excited to see my BFF on twitter!!
What to expect to from Friday's jobs report - Fox News (blog)
Summertime and the living's easy. And apparently cold. But mostly easy.
The USCS differs from official USC and the USCA by being very attentive to preserving the original language of a statute. McKinney
Yes, she is something special- one more outstanding actress in a big group -well known & not- on Downton.
Thanks, it starts at 7 and were the second band to go on so dont be late! Thanks again for the support.
MT : Beautiful morning in Warwick - Birmingham too :)
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 1
the squirrel guy. Mayor of district 2! Yep
Latest group opposing transportation tax was born in a Cobb County gun shop - Creative Loafing Atlanta
Basia Fans! Get your Friends To Like Our Facebook Page For Special Prize! =)
somewhere in Louisiana? I've been asleep...
