Tebow's like Kurt Warner, except without all that baggage like talent, arm strength, and accuracy
& No I will not buy you matching "ass tats" of boneless wings.
Me too Matt. thanks for venturing out so far. Talk soon.
Wanna see me tweet
:) Nice Trailer. I'm sure it will go far thanks to you!
"It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, and discipline that enabled us to follow through."
reading, studying, drafting research projects and multitasking family life
I look like cash and I talk like
all of you little 8th graders stfu. you don't have finals yet you're still babies.
“: Almost in St. Paul for show tonight at The Fitzgerald Theatre. Bring yer drinking boots!!” <-- I'm wearing them! See u soon!
Alot of my ex's ain't doing shit wit they life........The nerve of you bitches
thank you for a great day.. Love my babe!!
It is time of being prepare for x max vacations lol
because you be cool on me
Popcorn and frogs everywhere.
you're gonna have so much fun!! & AGHH, I HOPE SO!(:
Say Ahh really doe radio
Acouple of years ago we saw a sign like that for someone's pet snake.
damn one more day till Thanksgiving, i want to enjoy the turkey and T-Day Football.
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff a fist coming close to your face very rapidly.
no jan windglows you are mary prantil freak woman
I agree. The only option for relevance isn't innovation it is strategic maneuvering. Sustainability is impossible.
I can't believe Artie got taken out like that from Backstrom
They should make an old book scented air freshener that you can attach to your kindle.
I can't wait for the new ad to come out. RT Hello, ! We mentioned you on our blog today! Just FYI! :)
what a fantastic idea!!
Florida maybe, but no true stud athlete would to Mamby Pamby Vandy.
Does anyone else feel like DWade wanted to hit Kobe harder when he fouled him in the All-Star game? Lol
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" hardwood floor makes a long lasting beautiful Valentine's Day gift ♥
When you think about someone and get a text from them <3
looks like he is ready to feed a baby pig
Happy Nurses Week!
Glad you like it bud! :)
i thought we did
As of January 2011- There were surveyed 11,377 people to be homeless in Denver. Let's see if we can decrease that number in 2012 Denver!
Well hello Boston... It's nice to see you again :)
but yeah, I feel ya.
Yes, was glad get home. R U in Nashville? If so, would love to get together sometime...
(cc ) WATCH OUT... and I have black and pink water shoes!!
New Smoker name Mr. Stoned Spacely!!!!!!
are you taking a spin class?
I love the idea for a long term deal. I bought his jersey last year. Let's make it last!
That awkward moment when somebody tries to hide from the cops by climbing a tree...
I'm hype because The Once Upon a Time Season Finale is on now on
Wishing was here.
If you live in South Austin, the new Coffee Bean on Slaughter has awesome wi-fi. My new spot fa sho.
I kinda hear you and if they thought it was fruitless (beating the Heat) I hear ya more. But it was weak in my book.
loves you all! Xoxo
Alot of good that did him on the field. Your simply wrong. You can point to one stat, good job. That means nothing.
Did you know we are one-stop shopping for all your legal needs. www.marylandtoplawyers.com
Twitter fights are awkward.
Dale Feilder live tonight at Nola's!!
the series is pretty faithful to the books, the books are better worded and detailed in the dialogues
sounds like someone started without me haha
Thanks bro.
If you are arrested, remember you have the right to remain silent & the right to an attorney. All that you say WILL be used against you.
hey twitter world weres da love holla at me
Seriously think I just dislocated my thumb. But when the choice is Packers game or medical treatment, I go Packers game
Petition challenges indicate that the DC campaign season is starting off with a bang. Bang on!
Thanks! You too!
The D1 Sectional Final games (that would have been played at state) were not as good as D2 will be at state fri.
Was just getting into the new tools today. Glad they finally added this!
thanks for the mention. I appreciate it.
please justin follow me
Its the most wonderful time of the year, its the most wonderful time of the year, its the most wonderful time of the year. Right?!?
They play by the rules!
haha idk what to tell you other than I had alot of shit going on and anytime I didn't text you back you got shitty
Yes, interviewed many scientists. Point is: Belyaev was clear re: definition of "domestic" for foxes & they do not meet it yet.
“The best location we get is right next to a McDonald's. We can compete with them because we do it better.”-Truett Cathy
O.H., girl on phone: Um, I'm in line to see the Hunger Games. (beat) Cause it's awesome?
Who is your audience? Certainly you want to have broad appeal, but consider the specific target audience your film is for.
No. Only certain types of crimes by CHL holders are reported as such by DPS.
AWESOME - Steven is so sweet the man would MELT like sugar if the raindrops came NEAR him! LOVE YOU STEVEN! ♥
Two home runs for the #Big Ten. Nebraska becomes 12th member and Tom Izzo remains at MSU. Not a bad week at all.
I've taken debbie (my phones name) tanning also. I am such a bad mother to debbie .
so whats up?
The weather is not cooperating with my photo shoot...
<will do. Thanks 4 your help w story. Passion rocks!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.-- Bill Cosby
#Nowplaying Speak Now - Taylor Swift
just cause she's not shy about those things doesn't mean everyone is like that
Our Pasta tonight is: Goat stew with grilled pears and chanterelle over Gluten Free Gnocchi!!!!yum....
It's funny really, how fast your emotions can swing.
At the Beau Rivage in Biloxi, MS autographing copies of this great poker book.
in Lexington w my mom . I'm bored but at least I'm actually spending time w my mom today. isn't it always supposed to be like this?
yeah who "nose" what could happen ... Ha.
Agreed. He certainly needs to be playing more than Wilson, anyway, at least until defensive-replacement time.
7 am and I'm wide awake
Rainy night finna be in for the night workin on this new song
About to blowww (;
Weez has designed my wedding dress...in case I ever get married again.
watching jerseyshore fron the first fist pump, god i love these guys , , , , etc
ICDS' President, Jorge Nowalski, will be at the NU study abroad fair tomorrow representing Costa Rica!
Just woke up from a good power nap, feel good now! About to go hit up LifeTime
Vito, who should be the Sr. Nominees next year for the HOF?
...overstock is def a can of worms...take any competitive vertical, say car insurance
Shout out all the producers sending beats! Keep em coming!
thanks for the #FF ! right back at ya -
(No, That's Not All There Is.) You do know that was the point of the question? Of course you do. Thanks for the promotion.
See my last tweet.. It shows all the fun I'm having. haha
you special boy.
Where is dey
What the flock! Flocking all day today. What's flock? Flock is a print technique with a suede like finish. Pics soon.
listenin to music:)
GOD TO HEAR ME IS FINEE TO (; hahaha
Much needed time w #girlfriends! #love. Always sad to leave.
Just gonna Smile Back. <3
Looking for the perfect Valentine's gift for your sweetheart? Ask about Hyatt's Signature Amour Romance Package today!
I Guess She Never Wanna Fix Things ! Smh. . .
Hangover never again I feel like I was in a movie
Nike's new uniforms aren't really matching the hype that was out there
Coming soon :) RT : Im so looking forward to the next billboard #HEREWESTAYED !!!!!!
Blessed just to wake up this morning
I had a club sandwich for lunch today. Guess I was channeling my inner
looking forward to a great thanksgiving holiday with these folks:
Wahi Media selected for youth health initiative in Colorado.
was able to assemble a TV stand yesterday. This leads me to believe you can handle a desk.
And so it begins. Day 1 of the #PCCOpCo12 meeting. Joint meeting of all the PCC groups. Talking about #RDA and policy statements
Gotta love Chipper!
- help! do i upgrade to an iPhone 4S now, or wait for them to debut the 5 at some point in the next year?
RT : RT Be careful not to critique the way others do what you wont do.//Profound Word!
people think "now" is slang.
Dutch Corner looks fun
I think I have put on 5 lbs this week from cheese & pork products.
i cant stand bums, sumthin bout his money make dha nigga handsome
: happy birthday to one of my very favorite people in all this world! Love you!!!
did you email him I will talk to him today!
Some people just don't get it.
Um. This will be my last post. I got raptured, but God says I have to give up my iPhone. Apparently, you CAN'T take it with you!
Joseph Gordon-levitt 😍😘❤
bye twitter. goodnight! imma charge this thing. last tweet for today.
I used to catalog gov docs in grad school. You ever train your eyes to scan SuDoc numbers?
Is It Crazy To Think Will Follow You ?
that is a problem that needs to be fixed.
“: Congrats ” // Ditto. See you soon Adam.
Going against the grain this week for the #ValeroTexasOpen - Kuchar, Castro, Walker, Huh, Chappell, and Holmes.
Cinco de Mayo: Deer Tick show at the El Rey for
that is SO TRUE!!!
I'm just having a bad day. 😔
loving this dreary weather today.
it looks like we won't be getting a "babymoon" after all before he gets here :( very sad
The best words you can ever hear : "I'm not going anywhere"
hourfitness getting it in!!!
Sign up for a group class membership this month & pay $49 a month. Classes include yoga, mat pilates & cardio.
Want a comp'd kids pass to TerrorTown2011? Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
unless it's that coffee from intelligensia that is massively dehydrating and haunts you for the next 5 hours....
about to ride by I'll check it out
She's solid as a rock on the tooshie
RT At Derby Classic....Orton playing well, still non-committal on his future.
The text I woke up to this morning
THE MISSION is looking for artists, musicians, specialty restaurants, creative offices, and non-profit organizations. RT to anyone you know.
I Dont know why you guys have haters you guys are amazing(:
Well done, for a second I thought you forgot the king.
Hey, anytime! :)
The awesomeness @ #Tcamp12 can't be contained in 2 days. We hope everyone can continue the global #transparency talk
Come by tomorrow morning to hear talk about "Social Media & Radio"
HR communications gem at #tcbsm4hr: biggest challenge is building awareness of what is possible in both org tech & culture.
Watching 's Daddy and talk about Miranda while hunting makes me smile :D
best of luck! What are ur future plans?
Soc media clearly presents a powerful and often underutilized way for brands to become part of the consideration set.
Tweet 500 goes to staff <3, new and old. Thanks for your hard work and good luck this weekend.
LA weather again tomorrow! With autumnal light, heavenly!
This did get awks.. :/
Saw #TheAvengers this morning .....THE HULK!!!!!! All I have to say ^_^
A suburban mother's role is to deliver children obstetrically once, and by car forever after. ~Peter De Vries
oh thank gof
Nothing really.. Did yu hear about the whole Osama thing? People are such idiots >__<
Allergy testing -- skin end point titration (SET) most useful allergy test
I Need A Massage... Where You At Punkin? Lol Jp
seeing Charles Barkley in a dress for a Weight Watchers commercial is probably one of the most horrific things I've ever seen.
and so i'll tell myself that i'll be strong. ♥
We call ourselves "edible landscapers" AG Kawamura
#PLoS ONE peer reviews content only to determine if it is scientific and then let's community decide if important.
Wtf am I supposed to do?
Yep, 's the man! RT : BTW every startup should thank for Venturehacks and !
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
is getting ready to work on the set again! Today we're filming on location at a dance studio! Time to get my dancing shoes out!
"Come on Blake, dunk the free throw!"
Ok we've seen Bill Murray & Arnold Palmer today, but where is the coverage?!
Curious...what was Tex's % with runners on base going into last nite's game...if you have it? Thanks!
true but we spend more than that
Thank you. Was in Jacksonville last Month. I'm Ocala.
From now on, if it doesn't have "Doomsday," "River Monster," or something related to zombies in the title, I'm not watching it.
The Concert at Gusman was Great!!! Happy!!!
Is the museum field to old, too white to lead in the 21st C is perhaps the wrong question . . .
hope to hear you on IM talk. Nice history lesson on your career
Lost a huge pot with QQ vs kj to get 11th for $2960. Playing main Tom at 11.
lmfao yeah that's true...she's probably never heard of him, she'll be like "John Lennon? I thought he died"
thx for the follow, Robert!
I want there to be a thunderstorm...thunder soothes me. 😌
I dont know if i should laugh at that cause of the memories such a simple thing brings, or get mad
2nd part of project provides interesting and rare focus on workers behind the org.
thank you:)
OKC is beastin on them Dallas! Im happy BUT,OKC will be out soon!
just listened to the ep … I LOVE IT! Im so proud and excited for you!
Set up for the election tomorrow. Always a long, exciting day.
- I will not be able to be there. I'll be in corpus but I spread the word. :)
Bring it Niners! (and probably refs)
Wish I woke up early enough for Micky D's breakfast...
I appreciate the love fam!
So, so well put. I was given a free pass & felt like a whiny yuppie to complain, but you perfectly articulated what I felt!
"even smiling makes my face ache"
RT Duncan says US entering era when textbooks will be tossed for online education via technology.
my stomach hurts too
See who from
LOVED learning from at #GrowingGreatGirls Workshop! And LOVE the door prize via
#smallbumpvideo Loved it! I wasn't sure what to expect.
Promise is a big word. It either makes something, or it breaks everything.
Gotta say how happy I am about the Clippers winning yesterday!
Ah poor Kobe has the stomach flu. Let me guess he thinks he is Jordan and is going to act exhausted after every shot
I Got Lean Was Serving That, I Been To Jail Ain't Going Back
I'm fat and I can't stop eating hell
In desperate need for a new job.
DENIED! Cop just asked for info on a patron's record. W/o a warrant. I shot that down.
Kentucky beat UNC & Kansas
if you love me youll bring me food(((:!!! so serious though
#littlewhitelies my phone don't ring when I'm my daughters room
Always! Happy Holidays!!
The ADA recommends flossing daily to help remove plaque and food particles between your teeth. Do you remember to floss daily?
oohh hii! Lol I gotta question..are you a girl or guy? XD
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen; but it's even harder to give up when you know it's everything you want.
I became a loyal Liverpool fan the same yr Torres came to Merseyside. They haven't won anything since. Here's to the curse of El Nino!
nice horns.
Thats real! Heard your work, hit us if you want more exposure. Promo specials #topFam 410.513.9199
MT Join us in Pacific Standard Time! Check out catalogue: bit.ly/oKAO3q
you can trick yourself into thinking you're eating sushi just by eating pretzels. you really have to believe it though.
WEDNESDAY: Meet us at Suzi-Cue,10p & get a complimentary mug of beer on us.
five your time unless it shows the same time because ABDC7 is coming out tonight
What does that mean. Last year I did five stage shows with 3 leads. What???
Happy Mother's Day! All growler fills $5 for next 2 hour (until 10AM) Have on tap, IPA, American Red & Imperial Choco Stout
No silly - interviewing for your fast tail RT ": WTH! are you getting married? stop talking in tongues!”
MSU ADV Students: The definition of a Group Project is NOT: Mike Murphy does all the work by himself.
They say don't fall in too deep. But sometimes I dig a hole so deep that I can't seem to get out of it.
be yourself they said. Everyone will like you they said.
Eat-what-you-kill may not build teams but it will reward rainmakers, promote your individual brand over the firm, not redistribute profits
good luck against the blues man! Last time we talked you had a busted up arm... probably during stampede time haha. Give em hell
Woot, finally able to catch up on some walking dead....my favorite
Had a convo with on Friday about how dry 25 is then today we both wake up with massive hangovers... Ironic you may say
He rocked the house. RT : Jus finished performing for the #SummitofFaith Southern California. Break room chat w/
If over-packing was a game, I would win every time :)
There is a Nashville-Phoenix series in the Stanley Cup playoffs. Way to fail traditional hockey areas.
BREAD WINNERS that's all for now
there's never enough time between dinner-over, and bed-beckons.
Learning about mobile apps for Ed. Blackboard is 5 times more engaging and intuitive via iPad app than in browser
My last tweet makes me want to either throw up or go out and buy a pillow with something inspirational embroidered on it.
ohmygosh, that cereal is amazing♥
I smile because of you ツ
You're just giving them ideas. RT : Under Obamacare, you will be forced to marry a gay doctor.
Sounds like we have similar #ccss plans! Is this local to school? or whole district?
'brittany, get out of the refrigerator!'- shopping w and my dad
Easter it's going down tho
In case you #Dbacks fans were wondering how Mark Reynolds is doing, he still strikes out (a lot)
football practice over. leaving for los angeles tonight (:
I remember when taking a beautiful photo took actual talent and not Instagram.
- awesome! just need a resume, some references...
Im in a constant state of exhaustion when the #Brewers are in town, but it doesn't stop me from frequenting Miller Park..
loved your show at the Pabst tonight!
tonight on the pulse, Special Guest stops through, , and LIVE in the MIX.... get emmmmmmm.....
Lindsey lohan is still sexy to me. Suck a dick if u disagree.
Cross country skiing is great if you live in a small country. Steven Wright
weeeeeeekeeeeend !!(: it's friday friday gotta get down on friday (;
50+ and lipsynching but that was still a good halftime show! , , and friends
What percentage of the comments posted on youtube are just quotes from the video?
I really need to go to the tanning bed but I don't wanna hear my daddy gripe when I get back.
will do! How have you been?
Yes, it has.
haha shameless plug lol! Cheers man - appreciated!
It's getting so a pug can't take a walk anymore!
cody simpson concert!!! =)
finally listening to
Jets play worst 1st half in years and almost pull it out at end. Just ran out of time. Have to play a full 60, men! Oh, well. PGH again. Z
And now to Ollie with the weather. Ollie: It's gonna rain!
I know you and I are football fans at heart, but April is STILL a great sports month!
For reals I haven't either! I'm looking forward for the Roger Waters one tho! :)
- The tickets are on the way. Did you ever get a chance to attend
Thank god for for calling out Felger for his crap and noticing how most of the media doesn't care about the C's.
Talking about bringing back Texas Throwdown and changing it from a clothing line to a music production company.
I love when you pretend I don't already know I'm
Interested in the behind the scenes at ? visits #UWSocial, 3 p.m. today, Ebling Symposium Ctr., MSB.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. ~Malcolm Forbes
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE 2 THE FLAG OF THE U.S.A.& 2 THE REPUBLIC 4 WHICH IT STANDS 1 NATION UNDER GOD INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY & JUSTICE 4 ALL!
it's close
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines. Stanislaw Lem
": lol dumb bitches" so annoying
Thank you for the retweet.
Tyrod Taylor ladies and gentleman!!!! #nfldraft #nflcombine the fastest QB in the last 20 yrs!
Apparently so! This one is a former law firm coworker.
Anna says I shouldn't give up on love but it's kind of to late for that. It's not coming to me...
Naa Im good
People at greenhouse were effin ridiculous tonight. The entire floor is sticky from spilled drinks.
New Years Resolution: never ride Metro again.
Ready for #ewgc! best part of the day
thanks for the RT!:)
that looks positively decadent.
Orchard park kids are huge fuckers for the most part
Reached level 10 Writing Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
Glad we can help!
★ Single? Heartbroken? In love? ℱℴℓℓℴω •••►◄••• for the sweetest advice. I love her to death and you should too.<3 ★
Tim Tebow is the Skrillex of qb's: inexplicably popular despite little to no skill.
ofcourse ! lmfao i gotta bust a mission to north town /:<
As said, if there is a line to cross on Twitter, crossed it tonight.
awesome crowd! Thanks for inviting me to speak at this event!
Fast fast follow back
That awkward moment when you flip your hair and boys don't get overwhelmed.
Great pic! RT : Check out this awesome picture of "The Extractables"
haha, it drives me crazy when I see things ignored that I think are obvious.
C-A-P-S! please win.
your past tweets regarding your M&M consumption have been slightly OCD
isn't that nowhere near my house LOL
Have fun you guys! Send my love to the pugs!
Motorcade with 10 motorcycles... Unnecessary
then I guess it's ok
people speak of unity but I refuse to unite with bitchassness...
I HATE these conversations.
oh...thanks. You have disarmed me with your compliment. I.can't.tell.if.its.sarcastic.or.not!!!
sending you love from Bed Stuy Brooklyn
we must be doing something right - seeing freelance job posts requiring the bidder to use 80legs
dude wow really?
gold club in the sco...who messing with the team
neither fuck it!
will pass that feedback along thanks
Texting in class.. Yolo
ha. thanks for sending.
Nothing ever makes me feel like such a child as talking about the future with my parents. :/
for TChatters: Did you made the Top 10 # of tweets, # of Twitter Impressions and # of Followers...also full transcript!
I just finished a 1.72 mi run with a time of 20:47 with Nike+ GPS.
I don't have many opportunities for live-tweeting and hashtags. Maybe I should live-tweet from my Newborn Care class tonight?
you can test my talent anytime....like for real.
Uhm what ever happened to dinner?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Had high hopes for J Edgar but it drags and doesn't really say much. Sorry Clint and Leo, better luck next time.
Remember to vote today in our neck of the woods in Wisconsin - polls close :00!
Software interop problems don't seem so bad in comparison after trying to buy some lightbulbs with obscure socket sizes
My feckless brother is taking advantage of my parents. Should I get involved? Vicki and Octavia, our mother and daughter agony aunts, ans
I don't have an opinion (or basis for one) either way, but I thought you'd find it interesting.
gotta know how to control urself sometime!!! aint u i orlando?
Early CHI Grad Fellow meeting in
Welcome to Twitter!
Attending O'Reilly's #where20 webinar. Love the topic and plan to really explore it over the next few months.
that sounds perfect!! what do you think ? RT : My husband brought home gyros for dinner!!
USATF names marketing guru Siegel as CEO - Chicago Tribune
RT : Innovation in the arts: new connections within org, between orgs and with community
Great 1st qtr #Sixers. Just take Lou Williams out and NEVER put him back in the game.
Some things just neva change!!!!-______-
Man twitters being taking over by Justin Beiber fans and 1 direction fans! O and don't forget the worst, big time rush.
HUGE RT HERE! : The world's freedom is having to do what you want to do; Jesus' freedom is wanting to do what you have to do.
Coffee is a broadly consumed beverage prepared from the roasted seeds commonly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
I may or may not have gone through 50 pages last night...this could be bad
Dear Tami Roman, F and U
Long Day.. Its Depressing Knowin My Brothers Dont Got School Tomorro And I Do.. Smh
How To Ruby On Rails: (1) obsessively write rspec test suites, (2) blog about tests all day, (3) leave $register_globals on anyway
Is Avengers your favorite of the new Marvel films? While I liked it a lot it still grades out a little below Iron Man for me.
KU looks to thin ranks of its teachers, offers hundreds of buyouts - Kansas City Star
- who bedazzles your props in the #wwhl clubhouse?
Happy Valentine's Day to our customers, staff and supporters of locally-owned businesses! We love you guys!
RT : Trust is like an eraser... it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake
Free at last free at last
Only two more hours to get down to and get yourself a sample of delicious Chameleon Cold-Brew!
Love that saying. We are constantly sayin things like that or similar to that. That saying sums it up tho!
Boy I kno im SchoolBoy but sometimes class get boring!!!
I know a lot of people have told me its very good, and they told me to stay away from the Real L Word.
my boys are the Knicks, and no.... We cant lol
Visit, like and subscribe to our new Facebook page! www.facebook.com/ LuxeCitizensGroup
Condom Slogans No. 7: Package your meat for a real nice treat.
sounds like something i saw at cheesecake factory yesterday
Thanks to all the ladies who came out to sneak a peak this weekend! And a very, very special thank you to the gentlemen.
Now that is a huge score. Have fun and let me know if you like it
There's something about the buzz of a roomful of scholars that just gets me excited about my work all over agin. Oh, , I love you so.
You better miss me! “: Totally full flight out of Richmond. I hope I nap. Really want to get home to Miss her a lot.”
I won't be at podcamp, but anyone who can work "effiminate lemmings" into their presentation will win a prize.
“Prayer draws down God’s graces on others.”
Nope. I'm very happy with my decision.
Recently we discovered a large organization eliminated the use of phones & email, relying only on Visimeet. A part time employee manages it.
Client meeting in 5. I'm appropriately decked out. Tiem 4 COFFEH!!
if you had lived through the alleged #PhelpsFamilyAbuse, could u be other than they are? Think. Textbook low self esteem
The company is internationally known for creating, developing, marketing, publishing and distributing video games
I know what you mean :(
Sounds like fun! RT Urban Chic/Style Fashion Show, AVAM on 9/30. Duff of Ace of Cakes, Mary Amons from Real Housewives of DC
Alright. I love you too. :)
. hosts #MusicforaMission w/
The truth has finally came out so now im like FUCK IT... -G.Kirkland)
Just got paid>>>>
who are you talking about!?! Tell us!!!
A FEW YEARS BACK I HAD TO TELL A BITCH TO BEAT IT///IM BUSY GETTING BREAD BUT SHE ALWAYS THINK IM CHEATING
Random I hope I can get my hair done Thursday
thanks 4 the followback! if u need sharpening or shears call text or tweet! i got tha goodness! have an awesome weekend! -Pete!
y dont u tweet me bak :(
so happy it's Friday!!
People from Seattle are like the most laidback people anywhere. They're also coffee freaks. How does that work?
There are few greater tragedies than having a full day of code in front of you and you left your headphones at home.
Viva Lost Wages! Er, I mean, Las Vegas
Live your life like it's never ending
Every time I use Drupal Views I figure out something cool I didn't know it could do. Good stuff.
My dude what's good? Long time fam!!
And I just wish I could graduate! Also, as a journalist, you are obligated to print any story I pitch to you. FYI
I got it.. Thanks man RT Yo I just left you a joint on google voice but what's the name of the mixtape?
aww thanks! we love, love you! RT : - Love, love, love your site! This is going to be perfect for my meetup group.
I think your #dialogues are really great, and I look forward to exploring in the future! (Will Summer Camp stay?!)
Thinking of applying to UCLA and CU for next fall :)
its impossible to get noticed now tho.
Watching 1d videos
they horny lolololol
Thanks for showing your support at the Taste of Uptown we appreciate all your support
": I took to orange leaf yesterday.. His weighed $14.38. he was lowkey over whelmed" <--Told you
Love the commercial
what are u up to
Thanks for caring so much for Vets. An honor to be a Military & Veteran and see my union members support you/vets.
I'm a little flustered to be honest...
Heard in Sellwood. RT : Anyone in #Portland just hear a loud explosion that lit up the whole sky? Definitely not lightning...
I love you
We may disagree on some issues, but you have a way of effectively getting the message across. Current made a mistake.
We just rocked the CAU fashion show. Check out our new fall merchandise...
“It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.”
Whoa. Never noticed that! Think someone is following me??
5:30pm tonight is the most talked about game of the year. Watch Favre & the Vikings vs GB on our 10' HD TV's. HH from 4pm - 7pm.
Listening to #TurnYourTroublesIntoTrophies by ! Great stuff!
hell idk. Go under profile settings or something
Bitches lookin straight to the crotch
Maybe we can figure out a way for our new LP to come out on a frozen pizza you can put on your turntable and play.
4 hrs of sleep .. 13 hr drive to #Nashville .. this is gonna be a fun day lol
There's quite a few I could pick. It's kind of hard to pick a top three but oh well. I'll stick to that one for now.
I have been blessed this year with an amazing growth in my business. I want to offer the same situation to you. contact me in my inbox if
Don't forget when adding music there maybe royalty fees to pay.
love my #chocolatefamily ;) Kyle needs a twitter!
seriously dude if u follow me unfollow like NOW!! Austin is amazing and will always and forever rock and out runs justin !!
Done! 7 boxes ready for shipment to the Natural Products Expo in Boston :) Onto yoga :)
Not surprising tho RT : It's telling that conservatives don't think they created the market implosion w/ debt deal
I have e-mails for you - hopefully sending them will work soon. 'meantime, if you want instant gratification, DM! :)
My shins are
thats so cute! I want a boy to do that to me! (:
Goon Molly & r da #DUDLEYBOYZ Block party may 26th b there boo
MT : What do the experiences of 3 cities -- Los Angeles, New Orleans, Detroit -- mean for one nation?
Great lunch on the patio of Pura Vida downtown. Thanks Brandt
This wknd, follow on Twitter as we roam NYC, having outdoor meetings on park benches with a sample cube in tow. Now in Park Slope 5Ave @ 3St
My favorite song on STREETZ Calling was Runnin Thru A Check !
You know you play too much tennis when you shuffle and side step when moving from place to place
RT Don't wanna be here ... Me either!
Do it! I applied to be a volunteer again this year so hopefully that will work out. If not, gotta pay the big bucks!
hit up after the concert if you wanna get trippy mane
My friends keep asking if I have a Facebook. I deactivated mine a long time ago because I'm now addicted to Twitter.
#ThingsILookFor Confidence but not Ego
best friend has 10 letters & so does lying bitch.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is loving you and knowing you dont feel the same about me...anymore
is jason statham attractive, or just badass? I can't tell.
Thanks for being so easy to work with! Glad the proof looks good!
Of course when he starts trying so does someone else
Final comments and questions for #aosl conference. Testimony that integration <math-art-biology> can be easier than you think
He's close to the only reason I watch the show. Him and the youngest Stark girl. She rules.
If I could turn back the hands of time n start all over I would. Instead of everything being all bad baby everything would all good
Absolutely! I attended the colloquium in Dec. & think the project would benefit from even more non-western voices!
Thanks for the "Drupal for Humanists" knowledge base case study suggestion-- I've added it to the outline.
The flag looks better upside down.
Cavs' lottery chances are getting better and better.
you're right about Novak though lol dude looks so dorky
I lost respect for Terry when he showed up on sportsworks last night without a pocket square.
Is #tomhaverfood maybe the best trend ever? I think maybe it is.
@ Tony Roma's q;
I can't have a friend haha sorry u don't have any cause u stuck up ur girl ass lol
": Merry xmas to the best fans in the world!"
I think we do.
": Join & at 2pm today for a Twitter Q&A on loan repayment & biz resources. Send in Qs now using #GradStartup"
omg no
nice batman rt :-)
well , i'ma go cryy .
agreed. I would like to read the novels, I am intrigued by Thomas Harris, what happened with Hbal rising though?
#WhatWouldYouDo....if Ron Artest tried to run for president
You're a ghost too
Adobe bought TypeKit. Can't wait for the bloated way it will integrate with C$7.
is the proud new owner of an Ipad 3 -- I'll admit it -- It'll be a struggle not to open the box until she gets home
sing to my bodayyyy mister lovaaaa
woah. #FF is like a university graduate program: 88 bots and eventually one #phd. thanks mike behind the wheels of
I hate Thia already, she bores me
Laird and Moon Bae left in match play #teamedge Decent shot for certain in Mayakoba
Thanks ! Great to meet you and so many amazing women!
I wanna go back to the katy perry concer
At the 8th District meeting of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity meeting in Kansas City
Shooting sone pool
lol how long ago did you add me?
I call that the 90's :) !
Have plenty of water around before during and after exercise. Hydrating yourself has many physical and psychological advantages!
we need you guys back.in out lives!!
Happy Mothers Day
#dadquotes "always do your best" <3
done with work for today! w00t!
Thank you for the RT , much appreciated. Have a great week!
Andria Derstine appointed director of the Allen Memorial Art Museum at Oberlin College
love that nordeast!
Happy First Day of Spring! Start ur spring cleaning rituals @ our Spa w/ a comp 30min exfoliation when u purchase a 60min massage or facial!
#dancemoms love this show so much
delete Foursquare, check in on Facebook!
Im tired
Chicago BeeBeeBee will be hosting its Torch Awards Thurs@ the H.I mart plaza my least favorite work event,i would rather eat salad all week.
RT : also excited for TIGERS IN RED WEATHER by Liza Klaussmann. Gorgeous cover, great description. I am in book lust.
Hey I just met you And that shit cray.
You're VERY welcome! I appreciate YOU! My pleasure to be in touch here and on FB too!
They have buses turn around at Union square early in the morning, but I don't know about 3 at once
": Missed ya today!" <33 missed you too Jared!
Drove to Towson to see Alkaline Trio, they are great, guy mixing's ruining it though, I almost want to leave.
anything Gates can do, you got by 10x
Real Eyes , Realize , Real Lies !
S/O to my
I see beauty in everything...but me.
A big thanks to whoever put my empty cereal box back in the cabinet. Now I can have disappointment for breakfast.
hello cindy!!
Thanks for the tweet! I am excited for the opportunity! See you soon.
& good morning sisters! Have a great day
White girl where you at...
I hate when a girl acts super dingy because she thinks it's attractive.
Hot bath followed by a sweet potato. Now that's a helluva Friday morning!
Thank you again to White & Church in TriBeCa for a great tasting event - Christina Bini is truly one of the most creative Mixologists
An ad for Christian Mingle popped up on TV, then the cable signal died. Maybe God is trying to tell me something.
we will miss you and we sure will!
If TV has taught me anything, it's that miracles always happen to poor kids at Christmas.
Keep up on your fluids in Colorado-elevation sickness is awful. Loved your appearance on ! Safe travels!
Hi! Great chat.
Bored out of my fukin mind
Usually missing a flight is awful...until your boyfriend makes a stop in Boston because flights to State College are sold out!
Did you know I co-founded Bank of America? Neither did I. BOA Worldwide was an online media advertising biz with far less debt.
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Thursday, May 10, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Obama still in trouble with 9% unemployment
RT Oh you like bacon? That puts you in an exclusive club called everyone.
i would've never expected that. all of these random ass people are going. like who are you going to see?
I asked a class if they've all been in a library before. Most said yes while one student asked if Barnes & Noble counts. Oy!
Harley Quinn and The Joker are so badass lol
that awesome one on
ha ha that's awesome
Reading The Dead-Tossed Waves by Carrie Ryan on day one of summer vacation!
Dhhffhj RT : Like, if you having a get together under any other circumstance, 20/4 radio would be considered an utter failure.
Oh now apparently Buffet is a "dumb ass".. the biggest financial genius of our time. Roger Ailes
Lady Gaga blew my mind and Casey James is safe!!! yay!!!
so what are you doing??
The next time I volunteer to make a website for someone slap me, hard. I'll thank you later.
Skull Boi #TheUltimateArtist just came out! man that whole cd jammin from start to finish!
ill hug you ;) lol
Bout to go get me something eat & relax
Are you sure you're in San Francisco? ;)
Welcome, Rebecca! Sara, you are the leader of Twitter converts.
Koch brothers and #ALEC kill black kids. Period. They own Mitt Romney and Scott Walker, Tom Corbett and on and on....
#jealous Beat the Heat!!! And eat delicious chicken parm!
you probably wouldn't make much money :s #justsaying lol
Wish I had time to show you more of Incredible car - think green! #voltperk Bonus: we saw secret service agents.
Email me now and ask me about my best offer yet for single sport or combo sport including playoffs
These bitches Fckin wit the OPPS!
Thanks for coming out last night to the DigiFest screening of Colfax & 15th!
I really hate not being able to talk to you.
you look so hot with your hair please don't cut it (:
When ppl accuse me of being or doing something I'm not, I feel like I should be or do whatever they are saying just to show them.
of course! Respect is old fashioned
Looking forward to seeing in Belfast on June 1st with !♥
The other booksellers and I ruled it out as irrational... Our best guess being that ppl would be able to print out books on demand
A little known fact is that I get along better with guys then girls.(:
I still fucking hate you.
I feel like an icecycle
I've had that episode quoted to me so many times I can't count. Never seen it though!
Hell yea, we gon be rich now
My body is killing me slowly, probably throwing up in the back court
LOVE that scene. One of my favorites. Really is. "Couldn't we ride....?"
CAN'T FIND A WAY TO GET ACROSS THE HATE WHEN I SEE YOU!! (RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!)
CHRISTI! I like how she doesn't take shit from Abby or any of the other moms, whose yours?
everythings always so much better in florida.
NWILL Conference is tossing your name around for keynote Sept. 16 & 17 2010. Any chance we could get you to come to Portland?
I wonder if has gone to see Smart since that first class lol
Thanks for the support! We love people like you who inspire others to live healthier lives :)
can u say worst fucking officiating n the league!! i know you want Miami to win but do you have to fix the game 2???
I feel like you're the last person alive on Twitter. No? ;)
just changed my picture!!
“: Once an artist creates a revolutionary poster that moves millions of human beings, there is no going back.”
will do and you do the same
i make mistakes. my life isnt meant to be perfect. but i am meant to be REAL!
Just heard that a subway tuna-fish sandwich has about 2000 calories plus *faints*
You mad bro...
happy valentines to my amazing wife! And family
"Then I'll give you my heart girl, hold on to it tight girl. All you have to do is believe in me."
If you call my studio and start swearing for no reason i will mom you out.
son. of. a. BITCH.
update on elijah j. blum memorial and color of cross:
loookk for us we will be bringing our A- game in Seattle!!
Forreal.! I need a perm.! My hair doesn't stay straight.!/:
Hunger Games on Saturday <3
I was saying we would make them and then you go ham on them with us!!
Tough loss by #DePaul. Thanks for the tix tonight!!
My Shar Pei smile... DO NOT use that please. ;)
exciting! Best of luck to you - I still need to have beers with you sometime when I'm over there visiting my wife's family.
Yes and I'm a little disturbed! Ewww
#NFL starts in 2 days can't take the anticipation anymore
What would help close the achievement gap. Stop having low expectations and champion high achievement.
Yours was the 1st piece I saw and got a good look at it. Some of the other stuff I viewed from 2" away as it got so crowded!
y yeas
thanks for the mention..
TrimBody M.D. Check us out for a FREE consultation and FREE B-12 shot if you contact me for an appointment. www.trimbodymd.com
Jazz on the vine was tremendous!
the one and only
working on passthenotes and getting early feedback and partners...got to rock the meetings
You gave birth to rats?????? Alright?
hey there, I hope you're doing well. You're amazing and talented. Never forget it. Love you <3
kill it at #sxsw #warnersound show. Are you signed to Warner now or just on the line up?
tomorrow night #R51we shall drink!
yes, It's in our hr code of conduct book.
Headed to the SpA then cLaSs. Great day to be out and about unlike YeStErDaY!
#HIRING Financial Analyst for #Contract position in Pinellas Contact me ASAP
I have often depended on the blindness of strangers.
How did I forget that Judge Reinhold is in the Beverly Hills Cop movies? The greatest living American film actor. Judge Reinhold. Love.
ok good
Who knows, maybe someday I will 😊
haha my life.
Who's going to the Amusement Expo in Vegas next week? We will be there, so stop by booth 400 and say hi to Jeff, Armando, and Kimberly
awww that is so cute :).... but I think my sis is cuter
Thanks RT : Create a great weekend!
There's a fine line between "SEX" and "SE\". /via
New Android :)
Our little bundle of joy <3
I'm on a huge DVD/Blu Ray commentary track kick right now and I'm looking for more - any suggestions? What are your favorites?
I really REALLY hate when dumbasses do not know how to park correctly! Taking up basically two spots when thst second spot was the last one!
Hoping for a quick recovery so you can get back to dominating.
Also, if you're going to get all "FACTS" on us, you might want to look up what club he was with.
nice, glad the vid is doing well!
Running some nice sales on graphic design services early tomorrow morning.. Let us know what you need and we'll consider it for the sale!
Not to go all rah rah, but all four nominees for best new play are by American writers.
Awesome idea. Do you spice up the chickpeas?
My sister called my mom a "gaylord". I haven't heard that one in a while
Coyle: "hope that [Google's] botched attempt to commercialize the contents of libraries will not prejudice the future of digital research."
I already Know And Guess What????????
yeah they both followed me too -__- I just ignore them and hope they go away!
O i'll send u the tweet lol
Missed the toilet so he took a shirt off the clothes rack and started to wipe it up... Weird dream, wgat does it mean??
Who's that
Ahh...it's so good to come home to a houseful of people who love, care about &look out for you.
- you need to turn off your protected updates - the followers you pick up are interesting
#UpAllNightTuesday1D It's what Bostonians do! We help who we love! Boston Directioners will love u forever!
So my uncle, my sister, and I were sick this past week.. I lost 2 lbs, my uncle 3 and my sister 4lbs.. We should get sick more often. Lol
what are you doing with a Mets hat on?!?!?? You're living in Miami and repping the Heat!
thumbs up on
North town cops are fuckin dicks. They have quotas to meet. Lying ass mothers fuckers .
This black chic on #TheVoice reminds me of the black fish from The Little Mermaid...
LOLOLOLOLOLOL .......JON STEWART JUST TREATED BILL O'REILLY ON HIS OWN SHOW : ~ )
I wasn't expecting that shit!
OMFGOMFGOMFGOMFG ICONIC BOYZ BACK ON ABDC I CANNOT MY EMOTIONS RIGHT NOW ASJCFUWBJOSVNBVOVREHGTGSVSDBSDBHFFVSBVG
Getting my wheels back today. Now I can return to the gym!!
yeah. He should've just stayed away. Not defending him or anything b/c sex offenders are sick but it's sad.
Ugh... Monday.
Thanks ! Check out our Facebook page and like us so we can keep you updated :)
almost time to say bye to Florida
Question210 manchuk liked it, it was an SA URBAN thing yesterday
Good just aint good enough
I could care less what you think.
I swear, I can't stay out of the doctors office! 👎
You are WAY...(RT ) Too pretty for that...
surently miss having NHL in atlanta cant believe its replaced with the winnipeg jets- sick of them taking it to canada- twice now
RT : RT : Cool - A live social media crisis is going on during our summit
People really need to realize relationship is not perfect, no one isn't perfect
since i wanna be a singer maybe i should go get some acting lessons as well maybe play one of my characters lol
I hate to see what jealousy can create
Everyone on Facebook ks getting a Twitter. Wtfffff.
Mr. W at it again?
Cheers, sir. Have a great one.
Yes I was bit late but I did tweet him a few questions. What I'm trying to do now is to see if he replied to me which I doubt!
hope all is well, have an outstanding weekend!
The Danish company Lego, which began in 1932, first manufactured ironing boards, and stepladders
Still buzzing from last night's spirited rehearsal. Quite ready for our trip to the great Northeast! Look out,
RT : wright's the receiver from baylor.. fast, good hands, and size.. i think he'd be ready to play right away
I've been sleeping the past two days why am I still tired?
- thanks for the Tall trees of Tokyo #kickstarter mention!
Found a Camera at Costco AND it was on sale. The Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZR1. I look forward to some new food pics!
Chicago bound! Chhheeyyeahh!
Warranty is same option as EPIC.
Greetings to and and THANKS for following Tom Shaw Trio. Have a great week!
Beyonce' - "Dance for You" #OnBlast M....
I HATE LLAMAS TOO!!!!! ONE BROKE MY TOE ONCE!
I've been getting about 8 hours of sleep every night... until tonight. Too much on my mind.
Nice! Did you Swiss cheese the targets the way you wanted?
the lady next to me was cycling backwards the entire morning at Psycle and it wasn't
The Pro-Love Movement is connecting communities, cultures, races, and religions.
You're fine. I've been busy with finals and papers, so no rush per se. Just checking.
nightmares & shock values...
Breaking News! Facebook is buying Instagram. The rich just got prettier.
OK thanks
I wonder if Tex could benefit from doing something like Granderson did with Kevin Long to improve his ABs from the Left side of the plate?
(That was via )
Thank you wulf! Have a great day :3
even tho hes moving im hoping to still talk to him and see him one day...i wish i can move with him or 4 him to stay i luv him </3
150 the yours
Love Is When The Little Things Don't Even Bother You...
My new songs are really turning out good, i cant wait to go to the studio today, yeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhh buddy.
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828.
Everyone has so much to say they talk talk talk their lives away....
follow back lol
Saturday's are great chill days at the deli. Come hang with us today. Sit on the patio. Have some wine. Or a $3 beer. Open 11-3pm.
I think you did it. All you have to do is Like our FB page to be eligible for the raffle.
Everybody says they care about the issues, but at the end of the day all anyone wants is free clothing shot at them from a cannon #Parks&Rec
I need to stop showing up to work when I'm not scheduled.
omg me too haha like 7!
hahahah that good morning text >
Did they have the Frying Pan toy? That was pretty cool.
CONGRATS!! JUST SAW THE FINALE LAST NIGHT
hey lady! I'm not avail Thursday and isn't avail this Sat. Are you open next weekend?
he was there for a radio visit, so it wasn't an interview so he was in and out
you have to watch it
Morning trivia: "Josefina February", the first book that Evaline Ness wrote and illustrated, evolved from a series of her woodcuts on Haiti.
can you follow me bak please??
im never gonna get noticed :( . wah
Need to copy this. MT : Steve Jobs would pick out 4 things to focus on each day; would have face-to-face meetings!
Watching BBtourney - Louisville vs Florida
That IS a big crowd in Duluth. However, when you consider it was a multi-state rally....
SO TRUE wish more got that “: Social media will not solve a marketing problem. It's one element in the whole scheme of things. #amasv”
Totally LOL'd on that one RT : Never argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Thanks for having a great blog! I saw you RT'd my tweet to yesterday, & was already following you :)
Awh, you little baby bird. Wasn't it delicious? Just wait, it's nothing but hunger dreams and ranch dressing from here.
Can't go to softball...
I almost broke at today. If you have an iPhone, GET THIS APP!!
": No glove. Left-handed. And I didn't spill a single drop of beer." I'm impressed!
1.COLTS-LUCK...2.REDSKINS-RG3...6. RAMS-BLACKMON(PLEASE) YES I'M A RAM FAN!!
#SPJ passes resolution discouraging use of term "illegal alien" and further discussion of term "illegal immigrant"
rad. justice-related news" i've finished a piece on why earning your criminal justice degree online is the right move for you.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. - Napoleon Hill
Go well-fed Hurricanes! RT : Just finished supper at 4:05. Yep, it's Softball Season.
HELL Yeah! T LE and the boys! Can't wait!
People walk out of your life for a reason, because there will be someone who deserves your love more than the last.
I didn't type this using google voice that's how lazy I have a become
Nashville Predators. 
Yeah Kinddaa Some of the good player lefted this year (;
Rangers would be wise to dig into the farm system and go get Hamels when he becomes available --
Guatemala this summer and Kenya next summer?!
WTH did Haddadi just get in the game?!
RT : I love your Clean Trash story on this morning! >>Thanks!
the line up to the all stars tour <<<
I still have no idea what The Hunger Games is or what its about.
that said, Machida ranks top of my list for a Jon Jones rematch. I don't see any other of his past opponents more dangerous.
South American soccer players in the EPL = Borat in the Deep South
Good Vibe in Globe today...not to hot or windy
Im Bored Oovoo Anyone..??
Recommended by 4 out of 5 people that recommend things
A reason why i deactivated my fb is to get away from all these people and now all those people are getting twitter accounts /:
Sleepless nights call for downloading new music.
hey pl follow a fellow atlantan ;)
Thanks! I'm only running from my past.
So hungry! Trying to decide what to it, but everything sounds amazing right now.
memememememmemee ! ah im so excited<333
Guess I'm not going to bed tonight. Ugh journal entry project from the holocaust due tomorrow. Big grade. I have to pretend I'm a nazi..dafq
No other podcast that I know of...which is why we started Social Pros!
Review: There is a pervasive feeling of peace and serenity to this book that only takes a few pages to become apparent.
Just saw the Twilight:Breaking Down trailer!!!damn I'm so excited!!team JACOB BITCH.
I just kicked you with a knee-high boot with a three-inch heel! Bwahaha! Did you sign up for Springmingle critique?
wurd! You admiration of Raburn can go where the sun don't shine though lol
I really need a laugh :/ not doin too good today
Duerson fund to aid children with head injuries The family and friends of the late NFL star Dave Duerson have begun a program to help hig
Life can bring so much discouragement, but if you remain faithful to the vision God has given you, it will come to pass (Hab. 2:3).
thanks 4 the free track keep up the good work. Hope to see you perform in Vegas again soon!
Follow back please?? :D
tomorrow i gotta wear a white shirt & jeans right??!?!?!
I Love Lucy is on.yeee.
I Support 100% and im a true #CeNation fan to you haters dont tweet me cuz i just dont care what you say i
Here is the 70 and sunny degree day I was asking for, thank mil- town :) go bucks
#BeatLA #BELIEVE!! Can't wait for the game go nuggets
oh my gosh I LOVE THEM
@ marcorubio Sir, you have my Vote
And I left my phone at Brass Monkey...
my flaky friends are almost as bad as the ethiopian embassy
At least these things are always fixable! ;)
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
and now I understand your instagram photos from yesterday.
Congratulations on advancing in 's Tournament of Championships! Looking forward to your next round.
well keep it up and GO SPURS GO
goodnight . ; pneumafest and emily's tomorrow , then she's comin' over saturday ! ; textt ?
I'll stab you in the front, never in the back.
i'll be happy with a solid C! the SWOT is a totally different story
if she was only 19 minutes late, things would've been just peachy.
I love Scotch.
Dear Heart, Why him?
I love my 3 mile walks with my puppy and watching her run and play :)
been on it for over a year, nobody uses it in Madison so I never said anything
Future values, present values, pmt etc...Love 12c. Can't believe I didn't discover it till now.
Thanks, J.B.!
sometimes our DVR records shows we've never watched ever (e.g. Teen Mom marathon)
What would make your list?
Try clicking on the module then click where it says 'upload a video' fill out the info n add the URL of your video and done!
who else is going ?
Would you ever follow me?AskRyan ???????????
Awww that's so cute but guess what idgaf!
C'mon give them a chance. PB is awesome
you know it friend and you need to be there
Goodnight! Buenas Noches! Last tests tomorrow! 💤💤💤
Cloudy Monday afternoon... Give yourself something to look forward to tonight w/Grazie #HappyHour from 5-8PM!
im to busy... to even care...
Hard gettn baq with the past if u had a planed on them being in yo future
Congratulations to the New York Giants for the Superbowl.
I hope your party goes well! Wish we could be there to celebrate with you & C. xo
your music is Awesome Man!
Could two number twos go down in one day..If Lehigh stays away from stupid play,they can win this one over Duke
Go give and some lovin'! we adore them and they help us out so much!
Did you guys wave to us as you were passing by big and littles? The girl at the table saw and waved back, I giggled.
i never get why people cyber bully.i dont get why people bully.its rude,your hurting that persons feelings take it from me ive been bullied
this adult baby thing is going to give me nightmares...... did they say where she is outside ob blo?
Too hot to drive
Snow in May would ruin most vacations.
Thanks for mentioning us! We love our craft beers.
I'm a tough baby I can dance like a man I fucking love it.
Hey stranger, I want you to catch me like a cold. <3
Thanks for the follow
my little daughter loves
YOU'RE STUPID.
you can't trust a man whats made of gas.
ur the baby whisperer!
I got a bruise on my fingers from braiding hair all day friday til 2am, ready 4 the weekend so I can party party yayyy!!!!!!
know what im not a wwf wrestler ok that's fake im REAL lollx
Exactly why I've been scarce lately.
who's be asking for me? whats "i sid b asking u"
Thanks for the tips.
It's warming up time to get your Sprinkler system checked out for Spring. A little preventive maintenance goes a long way!
turn up the music *__________* <3
The real leader has no need to lead - he is content to point the way. ~Henry Miller
This ice cream sandwich tastes like kielbasa.
Happy Black History Month! A little late...I know. But it is BLACK HISTORY MONTH.
Oh, so apparently tomorrow is the first official winter "day". Whatever, NYC Weather, sort yourself out already
we've got joe cockers mad dogs and englishmen up ... But only because the cover is hilarious. Might need to reconsider that one.
In a matter of a couple of seconds you can scan your doc, import into TimeMatters, and save to your hardrive.
Mere hours away from our Cyber Monday promo.... the countdown begins.
Politeness is the poison of collaboration
In p.e watching Elf :3
Hope you have an awesome day... :):)
Gonna be a long night branding concepts for Jamo Transportation and PunkRock Productions.
O no lolRT : •African tribe dance•
Yes this is a writing center
#Balance is giving attention to all the aspects of who we are:
hello thanks for the follow back
Some people be cocky...
I have the best friends in the world! Thanks Des for the ride! Xoxo!
Happy birthday!!! To whoever
Same here! I was alerted that someone in Croatia was the culprit. First time that's happened in Gmail. Hmph.
RT Diamond Fact: Blue and pink are the rarest colored diamonds. |
when is it coming?
they aint even godda say it, i knw they dnt trust me.
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it.
good idea! summer school is for smarties. let us know if you want one online, we can get you set up asap
My New Band has a name "Ray Dearth & Dr. Dr." Derived from our mission make better music by making music BETTER We Have The Cure !
Marc Andre Fluery?
it's ok nick already dropped it lol he was a champ & ate all 3. It was disgusting! Snail, frog, goat and mystery
I have never seen Twitter Lakers fans this quiet in my entire life.
Programming on College & Community Radio varies widely. Reach out to the Host/DJ of the shows that fit your music
You mean I moved out here for nothing? crap
thanks for following...now let's talk.
Silly meth-head, stop imagining things haha.
As that "great" American peacemaker once said "why can't we all just get along?"
Investing in myself.....
Take me back to Sevier County. <333
haha we just got to nyc.. Carlos was fun i got a picture with one of the sisters :)
I'm in 8-Bit Mode - #RadRacer It's not foggy, I just need glasses
Dreamer. MT Padres have Kotsay and Suppan in lineup today. Wondering if they can also get Yuni and Wil Nieves before game.
How come the evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
THOMAS! I LOVE YOU SOSOSOSOMUCH! i just cant wait till you guys come to Chicago,b/c um gonna give u the biggest hug ever! RT??
Red Sox/Rockies fans battling for control over the chants...Let's go Redckies!
I APOLOGIZE to all who may have been #HACKED by my account. I submitted report to #twitter took steps and thanks to ALL who notified me.
Florida Native Plant Society Conference will be held at the Sheraton Maitland-600 N. Lake Destiny Drive Maitland, Fl 32751. We will be there
hey folks are you following ? You totally should! Find out what's going on with the women, the interns and more!
10 serious games lessons-audio, seek needs not wants, rapid prototype, team close, budget for 'get to know community', plan online user comm
Hey , you hear that read the hunger games in a day.
i just followed the next jb can u help me gain followers plz and follow me
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by ...
Our emphasis during phase 1 is to develop Strength, Power & Mobility (improve imbalances/weakness). These guys are in for a treat!
.....Are you watching the Giants game with my brother? lol
Good night bro :)
trutv upfronts - "upload with shaquille o'neal," a show where o'neal and friends discuss and make viral videos.
I've heard that phrase multiple times.
Me: HEY EMILY I FOUND A TACO !!! Emily: COOL WERE DID YOU FIND SENOR TACO I MISSED HIM ! Me: At the taco place around the coner!!!! XD
W❤W
Thanks to everyone who came out to see us Saturday night! We had a blast. Next up: Press Room, Portsmouth, NH on Nov. 2.
Looking for a special lunch experience, be a taster at Bin on the Lake on Thursday. Apply at www.TasteTweet.com Taste then tweet.
haha!! I would too! When do you go?!
Happy birthday Hope remembered!
4 bogeys for Tiger today. Even par 72. 6 strokes off the pace. Tied for 25th. Back in the day Tiger's bad rounds were 3 under. Not anymore.
Thanks for the mention. We appreciate the support.
don't worry. ill come out there with you to watch the lightening :)
Coyote, mon ami...
Lunch with was great. :-)
Rock wall to climb that is 3 stories, 75 gal. bucket drops water every 5 mins,4 giant slides, obstacle course, diving boards etc
All ready for the Will Durst show. If you leave now, you have time to drink before it starts!
she kinda did lol, but your gonna be my step cousin :D
Blaque Rose - Elite Wear by official launch Summer 2012. The new fly.
she a street walker that's how she get her money and he still trying to cuff
so totally confused by today. When in doubt eat?
Wonder wat wer gonna do with it! ;)
We Agree! She's great... glad you were able to get it sorted out :) Enjoy your shows
Unconfirmed: Following his debut double and undeniable arm strength, Bryce Harper will be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame tonight.
We are almost already a week into September!! Take advantage of our FALL INTO FITNESS promo b4 it runs out..50% OFF!
Lily is silly.
I think we need to focus a lot less on the cataloging past and talk more to other industries.
alright, cool. Im going to try to be there at 1 to sit courtside, but i guess ill see you then
Can't stand these motor boats... Noise and nature polluters
I guess its time to TRY and sleep :]
Stick to reading my tweets instead! #uselessinfo :)
Haha you just took your love for Bloody Marys too a new level
Monday Morning Brain Buster: If you're like the average person, you'll do this 15 times today. What is it?
stiffness/of bare concrete/has childhood/premonitions
Why do the week-ends roll by so fast and the rest of the week so slow?
we are back!! woohoo..I think? Volleyball and cheerleading...ugh
Love !! Who gives out flights of Guiness this morning for St. Patrick's? THEY DO!!!
The dead batteries were given out free of charge.
fairy tales! I'm gonna start using that.
#CD101DAYSIDEB has SOLD OUT!!!!!!!
Why are we still talking abt 1/1 computing so many years later?
Awesome day -- the team continues to grow with amazing Chicago talent.
Happy Mother's Day to my Fairy Godmother Mother Pucker! She's a real lemon sucker that one! :0)
i love my frineds!
hes goin home for good to work. So You better make it up by friday
I am following you now! Thanks for the follow! :-)
RT Well, friends. Amazon isn't much help now. But we've still got able-minded elves and lots of books on our shelves...
Happy December!
Channing Tatum at the game.
At the Doctors Office?? 😁👎💊
sharpening up my BJJ for the Miami Open on Oct. 22nd.
lol great I'll def give you some more feedback this week
I would take Ryan over Romo, Flacco, Newton, Stafford and Tebow
Oh, trust, I have. You should have seen the text message I just sent.
Just swing by and pick me up! haha
Modern day warrior mean mean stride today's Tom Sawyer mean mean pride.
It was definitely a challenge this week. There were some fairly obscure clues, and theme wasn't readily evident.
You should stop by Orlando to visit me!! :D
Hungry and wide awake somebody fix that
enchiladas two ways, rice, beans. Am I stretching it if I ask for empanadas.
if I win this mega millions lotto I'm get me some Hollywood style therapy
Like your picture
I really appreciate the help. I tithe my gains from your lessons
It's so early but i'm so not going back to sleep, what to do with my day
RT : Why can't the NFL have hats to fit these guys with dreads?#punkinhead. Ha h's good one
#incollege we had MAN TIME THURSDAYS
Maybe yes. Maybe no. RT : You ever notice that most people are noncommittal when you ask them if they've ever noticed something?
Studying with the bf while everyone is going out tonight... Yay for SAT. -___-
It's all fun & games until somebody super-glues their tongue to the wrong thing. Sigh.
LEBRON IS MVP....so if he wins a title this year and wins finals MVP...what will be the haters excuses?
I got a full nights sleep and ate an amazing breakfast, I realize its my job that makes me tired !!!
God has given me the strength to endure tomorrow.. Everything is gonna be just fine ;-)
We just sent you a beer using the new Tweet-a-Beer app! Cheers!
fantasy bk-kings warring, sword fights, evil vs good, dragons... its a show on hbo now, bks r long but good
ASHLEY WANTS ME
Shout out to the Baby Boy <3 ya Boo ! ;P
i agree with you on that, just watched the 50 greatest wrestlers of all time, it was a very well done list. #HBK was 1, #Taker 2
My husband doesn't have any grandparents, though, so I'm blessed to have so many still.
I believe a natural disaster has hit my room... Lol
Hi JM Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Justin's organic dark chocolate peanut butter cups are like crack, seriously, you have one, you'll never go back to Reese's ever again...
(c) Was a joke. But it wasn't. The mean things they said weren't some joke. And they weren't kidding. So ever since than...when someone (c)
Can I get a follow please? Come to Portland, U will fit in great and u WILL be embraced at the Rose Garden!
Hey girl
cool! Now I wanna go fly my kite...
The Lions Rampart is gearing up to tear the Madison apart!
Lamichael James is a beast. Just a bit to injury prone for me. I dont understand wasting a high pick on a RB.
watching the #cowboys instead of studying.
Louisville, Ky sweetheart. U?
This massage is so great and much needed, great way to end the year with
If you have an SEC team coming up on Friday, how important is beating UL? Big game for UL, not so much for UK.
Congrats to and for a grand celebration last night of all things Persian!
it was a flyball.....wow
After Calc, I'm over it
Home alone again as always 😢
please follow she is you biggest fan!70
I was a 4 blocks from Union Square & didn't hear anything -- not even the normal Tues @ noon alarm.
is there anyone who has had complications due to gastric bypass surgery
FOLLOW & WE FOLLOW BACK!!!!
follow me lol
Got VegasTowers binary size down from 41.5mb to 23mb after some mega compression work, last 3mbs are going to be a challenge
Authors use the purchase of a CD player as example of consumer decision making in a 2009 marketing textbook.
congratulations bro! You deserve it.
my eyes want to close. They feel so heavy
Feeling good feeling great!! This morning! After last night (All Smiles) Love ya’ll!!
Our strength grows out of our weakness. When ever you feel weak, keep in mind that you are gaining strength.
Atleast UK might make history today.... Must punts ever in a game.
Thank you so much for the RT. That was very kind of you : )
You're a gift to the world by simply being YOU.
Severing ties takes a leap of faith, a positive self~concept & the will to always BE complete internally.#purpose(notpeople)driven
That itch right in the MIDDLE of my back o_0!!!!!
I Can't Wait Til I Graduate & Move Away .
Is Moorcock on Twitter by any chance?
yess they are lol they make me sick...! how can they do that i mean i love regulo but no like that :)
Apparent recipe for success: plan fourth installment in modestly terrible cliche ridden franchise, higher Brad Bird to direct it.
i'm interested in bringing back old technology that would now feel like a novelty. like a landline
still not trying to show off my Facebook to employers tho.
Doing laundry and watching food network. Productive * 2.
We don't have our whole team. That's why!
OLIVE YOU TOO BEBE:* lmfao oh jesus we need another sleepover ahhhahaa
m blanton's
looking forward to the weekend and only one more week until vacation!
Happy Friday:)
I'm legally changing my name and I need sum suggestions for names. $100 contest for the best name. Call 1-877-692-0008 ext 31 say Name Game
I wish I went to school lol. 😔
He said for you to call him.
Cruise the Mediterranean in style at unheard of prices! The one silver lining of the bad economy...all-time values! www.FreeXpedia.com
my home Internet is absolutely awful. Down everyday. Location central London.
When are you guys headed out to Houston?
I'm gettin tired of ppl talking bout the HEAT, everybody know tht the mavericks is going to lose
I want some!!!! Lol
The owner of this Twitter needs their name engraved on the Stanley Cup when the Kings win it.
Love flies away like a bird.
looks/ sounds wonderful, enjoy!
If you want it all, lay it on the line. It's the only life you got so you Gotta Live It Big Time :)
Made it to Green Bay!! What now?
I dread going back to school tomorrow!
ok. It's almost 11 and i've finished the work I realized was due tomorrowday. Just in time to miss most things tennistical tonite. Boo.
lmaoooo! ik but its so far from my house
I've been to a few (American and Scotch in the fall). They're good. Ticket gets you a lot of whiskey pours & hors d'oeuvres.
I haven't had a good night's rest in over a month #IBlameNolan :T
Love you guys on Mob Wives, me and my wife you are the best.. Keep up the good work!!!
