2013 :-/ but I DO want to come experience Turkey. Every time I see a doc or TV show about it I think about you 2.
If you over 18 and posting youtube vids everyday for 14 year olds, You need a job
I have too many damn songs to remember these joints.
Thanks for following. What book are you reading right now?
ℳƴ Twitter = ℳƴ Tweets, Your Opinion Is NOT Always Needed.
Tiger…I couldn’t help but notice your posture putting with these new shoes! Maybe the change in heal elevation is the problem?
We are too! It'll be very informative & we'll have refreshments too. And make sure to bring pen & paper! 8000 Palomas Ave NE, 6pm
Oooohhh tell me what you think. I'm lovin' on her right now...that's not what I meant...
what day and on what stage are you playing for strawberry jam and toast?
im pretty sure we missed you back ;) lol its gorgeous outsidee!!
what are you talking about? He's great!
I don't want my feelings to be messed with anymore .
Lol, i love how twitter sounds like tweeter with a southern accent
2 great pairs so far!
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
rapping=perfection <3
TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR.......that is all we want
thank you. It and mad men are my priority.
Kimberly Clark employees should take more pride in their premium white paper products
Looking for a web programmer........who is good?
hi! Is it 9 where you live yet?? *Bretana*
Including the twelve year olds on SW lmfao
You can't overdose, but it does have a proven laxative effect.
dang, totally missed the Quest for the Lost Maya tonight! I'm guessing it was an awesome lost hour...
you and your 8 hours a day of writing :) I cant wait though to read it !
Instead of publicly wishing my mom a happy Mother's Day, I'm going to call her. Like in ye olden tymes.
congrats on the new show!
Jim Tressel is my prediction! Go Colts!
If anyone wanna hang. I'm sitting in Caffebene. Excellent view and the MOST comfortable seating area ever. Except the internet is crap
Forgot how good the Manics are
wat u doin my bday today so proud bout to go to the movies any ways wudupp
#ConfessionNight I flirt alot with females
Stories are in my head whispering in my ear to come out.
I'm going to fast today in dedication to a peaceful world. May humanity's future be bright.
Do not suffer from insanity; you might as well enjoy it..
My cousin just told me he heard dat sum guys where gunna jump me tomorrow..... idk if ima go to skool tom.
not using correct grammar in my typing beacuse i dont feel like it.
Why would I have a dull aching since I work up this morning in my leg?
Thank you #FF #goodkarma is always welcome!
thought you turned it in?
most incredible string of hashtags I have read to date...
Today, I hypothesize, men sweated over turkeys.
maybe ill see you there!
the new website looks awesome!
Thanks for the
Fight them for it. A ticket for 77 in a 70 is garbage to me really. Sorry that it happened.
Night everybody...
how was the heat game up close? did tara wear black?
Please follow !! He will follow back and ladies.....he's quite the hottie;)
Ok feeling good today :-)
So that just happened...
It's official we have reached the 700 followers mark. Thank you all of your for following. More news to come.
Coldplay is amazing. That is all
Huge decision: Leather Rocker+Big Screen > Bed + 20" tube
Watching Paul blart. Still love this movie
that is so disturbing I can't stand it.
The battle for who's more in the pocket of special interests continues between &
bahahahahaha ya she was for sure.
Bulls are fighting tonight!
#Salon Tip: If your salon clients have to wait.. make them wait in the retail area of your salon!
Thanks for the follow, sir!
great to connect with you Beverly!
Its the time of year whe high school kids start to take over my union...
text mee!!:D
me too!
i really miss U...
“: I just raised a glass and listened to "I feel home" in honor of my friend Ricky Hendrick. #O.A.R ” :)
The Fighter has some of the best cocaine scenes I have seen since walking down the lower Eastside of NYC on New Years Eve
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy nobody cause they SHOULDA NEVER GAVE YOU NIGGAS MONEY
#thingsimiss reality. When was the last time I spent a whole day without checking out all the nonsense on this interweb thing?
Honored to be a Muskie RT : “: Chris Thomas has committed to Xavier.” congrats on the move
tweet me if you want me me to sing to paramore or other songs that you like
hoopin out Pitt if u tryin to go
Thx for the follow....followimg you too!
#HappyMothersDay she's not on twitter... but I miss and love her so very much... excited to skype today :)
Top 3 Natural Stretch Mark Cures – Eliminate Stretch Marks Now ...
I miss your crazy butt !
She dont want me waching porn cause she thinx I get turned on by it WRONG! I was already turned on b4 I started waching. I was born that way
It's March 19th, do you know where your #birchbox is? Cause I don't know where mine is.... :(
you've never worked in the service industry before, have you? ;)
You *love* us!
Ya u got me there never heard of Clearfield County!! Hope u have a good time!!
Hey girl! I got your form. Just added you to the list. ;)
Colt McCoy may go from being displaced by 28-year-old Brandon Weeden to backing up younger 28-year-old Aaron Rodgers.
yea I was there forever I got shwasted!
Arrieta snares come-backer from Mauer and gets a double play.
Inspired by at #wineweb, I'm making new time rules on my computer. Seeking recommendations for free time-management tools.
thank god!
CONGRATULATIONS! eat up before the honeymoon diet ;)
So is it constructable? : )
Bon Voyage to our Mktg Coord , who's off to Africa for 3 wks, building ball fields w/ Dan Wilson's foundation. Safe trip.
Looks good to me. Thanks for the rec.
I dare you to RT this.
Saw #thelorax tonight. Cute, but not many rhymes...not so Suessy.
LOL RT : One thing we all know for certain - Kazaam would never have airbrushed abs.
Great time at Russia House with , , and others. Post-conference excellence!
lol! I'm wearing red for the Rebs :)
There's something called a TV that will still allow you to watch...It's kind of old technology, but I like it! LOL!
thank you!!!!! You get a prize now! lol you know
Sucha relaxing day..
Hahaha yesh victorious I was finally able to change my username and if it didnt change just ignore this tweet
Listening to a Lunch Marketing webinar with and !
finding makeup that's open and getting it all over the place...blush and powder everywhere...
This old lady's wandering through the grocery eating everything in sight and stuffing the wrappers in her pockets.
Why do people spell things wrong ON PURPOSE?
aw. good luck, dear.
Ugh my goodness! 
I don't watch tv, I watch Starcraft :D
the original vetoed trade was already giving up way too much for Paul... perhaps L.A. realized Stern did them a favor
oh && BTW.. did you read the little note I left you in your agenda? ((;
bring a friend and split a bottle of wine with dinner tonight - 1/2 off!!!!
Action: The widow Gaddafi sends me an email to help her transfer funds. My Reaction: Yeah, let me get on that...
Pay attention to what people do, not what they say
Doing my part!
This i think is my favorite quote for all you sports fans out there
Deloitte is onsite auditing r books & sent a box of cupcakes 4 their hard work. 12 for 3 staffers-I am now the proud owner of carb goodness.
Mass notification systems aren't just for emergencies the uses are endless for businesses, schools and athletics.
I don't think that makes you dumb, at all. I'll have to try this game some time though.
Hey , do us proud at Sundance Cinema Houston.
Should i do anything tonight....hmm
just did
She messed up my white tea smh
Thanks ! Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday from everyone at Vox!
down during a ufc and primetime college football on the west side of Madison, WI
lol love it!
"A closed mouth will never get fed." So are you going to continue to keep your mouth closed and strave? Or are you going to open your m ...
Digital Internet Marketing
how about my cats fave: walk on head of sleeping human?
Overweight kids with muffin tops should not be wearing belly shirts. I can only say... WTF!
my quote of the year...friend: nothing's changed. me: yet everything's stayed the same.
Questions for Tracy Sleep?
Kendrick Lamar has a good vocabulary. That's raw!
it doesnt feel like im sleepy?
haha i want him to notice me but i dont know if thats cute :p
Just signed up for Paypal mobile on my android. Cool feature. Take a pic of your check & it gets deposited to your account!
I wonder how much Sacha Baron Cohen will get sued for this time.. The Dictator looks hilarious
You should be, Maggi got out of hand, was really kinda sad to see her do that to herself
grind gone turn into shine be patient
I thrive on coffee. THRIVE!!
It's #sunday get yo #church on however u do. Then listen to us on #rhapsody!z
Just sent off book proposals...wish me luck!
hey Mr Landrum! I received a tasty cupcake from the neighbor last night...life is good in the Bay...you and snow friends?
wait, we're not rich now? define rich. and i guess, for that matter, define cool. ()
$400 favorite? That little vacay you just proposed is giving my hourly rate a good run.
Inspiration for the day: a fat one-legged pigeon. Get it, pidge.
I know! For sure no one does that, and in such an eerily classy way? I love it.
good! Jealous of you meeting hahaha
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 30% off any #detail! We're MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
come see the light
love ya girl!
At DC Env Network for a brown bag discussion about food service packaging and waste management. Yay, trash talk!
sending good vibes!!! i have no doubt you will not get it though, haha
Can't say I have the same sentiment. Not only is it not fair, but who's going to pay for this?
Management Tip of the Day: Don't ignore your Gen-Xers
Cher Lloyd singing Love The Way You Lie♥.♥
Need a drink ASAP
Is it a surprise to anyone that Damon punked out? A big mouth doesn't make a big man.
": An #Aquarian has sex appeal inside and outside of the bedroom"
Ain't nobody dope as you, your Tweets are so fresh so clean.
Hello Bloomington. Oh how I missed you.
Instead, the 50 state attorneys general ask Congress to clarify TCPA requires cos to get written consent before they robocall consumers
": #marchmadness will do that to you lol" for you and I: less tweeting, more coaching this time next year!
soundcloud spam is just strange.
Omg my time line is nothing but and lmaoo but It don't Evan bother me lol
A5 I heard Palenque is quite interesting. Would love to make it there.
When was the last remix where they actually SWITCHED the beat up? And it was Hot?
Our short film A younger Man accepted into Berkshire Film Festival in June. The first of many. Yah
we're helping Miami's Haitian community get access to legal and public services, but we need your help!!
I'm going to bed, if I die tomorrow "glitter farting rainbow animal" will be my last google search.
#WhenAustin randomly tweets a fan. :)
are you casting for Lonely Ash. I would like my daughter to audition through actors access. Is there an email submission?
I missed your nice tweet! You're welcome, did anything come of it?
+ to get them familiar to the school and immigration rules, and also life in the US.
if ur talking about Jersey shore i agree x100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
Vegas Uncork'd Day 3: Attendance record, sold-out Grand Tasting, clambake: By Robin Leach (contact) Charlie Palmer at the Clambake at...
Just navigated UN security to deliver The Advocates' comments on Liberia's report to CEDAW. Am now proud bearer of grounds pass to UN HQ.
michelle gets embarassed, obviously she has the humility her other half is missing
I am finally watching ridiculousness & look good
Studio, studio, studio work... and a new podcast coming soon!
Conrad Murray: Judge issues another blow to defense
Was that directed at ?
Glad you enjoyed it, pretty tough ending though :) I don't know if I could live with just a head LOL
- probably the 1st time ever we didn't run into each other Good to see U doing well though.
I heard he was a nibbler tho when people see him cause he gets so excited!
After Delonte West's wet willie on Hayward, I'm betting Chase Budinger will be on the lookout for an atomic wedgie tomorrow.
We'll be featuring our Tres Leches cake on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our homemade Mango Banana Sorbet. Yum!
HOW'S THE NEW YEAR SO FAR I HEAR IT'S POTENTIALLY BORING
Found a Bushnell yardage finder on the golf course. Someone is sick to their stomach right now. Do not dismay my friend.
lol have no clue.. how you doing?
My tummy hurts like a fucking bitch!
thus is what's next on the Internet.
Bee too long since I stepped inside The #Meathook should I get the country Pate or just some bread and jerky? -JW
Reports that Gerald Wallace is a Net and Camby will be a Rocket. With 15 minutes left in trade deadline, who's next?
#WIAA girls hoops will move to Resch Center in Green Bay in 2013 and '14, boys to stay put at Kohl Center in Madison to 2020.
“: Our love was comfortable and so broken in. -john mayer” this is what you say when you look back at it... Not current
good Luck . You'll be fine. Hope everything goes well.
"The quality of a person’s life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.”
I would be investing major $$$$ into the japanese hair straightening system. Miami is pretty awful too with the humidity.
Thank you for letting staff go home early and letting us arrive late the next day! KEEP WARM Albuquerque!
Tonight's message from my yogi tea bag tag: "Say it straight, simple & with a smile." =)
im about to blow yo whole timeline up like its 9/11 but its 11:33 you see..did that kinda rhyme or no? lol
I will never forget him not calling me back or returning emails regarding violent crime in my neighborhood.
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix weave an water"
No! Just some fires at work ...
lol its just mesed up with the new judges
rough night ?
Wait so they like all won?!
Great Job of Breaking ALL BLAZERS news! This is why I listen and stay connected!
I need a new Clutch!!! Fuckkkkkkk 
is that the first time you were bumped over a conflicting Lunch w/Mom appointment?
We could make (for ex) Wunderman's Off-Site Conference Rooms - and flag/add-challenges to all the watering holes staff frequent
My new swimsuit came from today! Maui here I come!
The changing nature of work
yes. It's working. Welcome back.
A sexy Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil for $22! ($45 value)
#retweet ~> : My outstanding talent of cursing really shines through during Traffic.
Noncompete news: Ninth Circuit holds employee data theft is not punishable ... - Lexology (registration)
We are having SOLR problems right now, so we've taken the site down for temporary maintenance. Sorry for the inconvenience.
RT : You've gotta tame the beast before you let it out of the cage
Its a love story baby just say NO !
NO BALLS
#teamfollowback #vacations #eastcoast #earthquake did any one feel that??
Work it is!!! 💰💰Thank God for this day 👏🙌and oh How I love being a mortician!
ChildRT : 😳 why you way up there? And when the last time you talk to ya girl?
What a GREAT present!!
I know wth! Where have you been?
Miss my huns..cant wait to kiss them at 6...
We need to make an appointment for you for your dress unless you want to go buck naked.
Time for a fresh green bowl. <3
I fell in love from the moment we kissed, Since then we've been history.
Time for a beer...pre-gaming then PCL bound. GO TIME Let me know if you need anything 480.612.3337
I love the flavors you put together in your recipes! So unexpected!
lol! Eventually! Over thousands of years. Like the time it takes for a volcano to become a mountain.
Ok, so #tomgoldman won our #oscars ballot too.
today... tweaking film script, learning perl, updating weather genie, preparing an ipad photo app demo for major interview tomorrow
First, there is a mountain. Then there is no mountain. Then there is.
Facebook IPO next month... Not trying to get in on it, but still going to effect me
NKOTB & BSB?????? WTF????!!! All pigs unite against this reckless garbage!!!!! WET WET
I'm starting Tess of the d'Urbervilles.
Just win, Baby! Just win!!
My dad is making like pepper soup or something and it is buring my throat!!
ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!! Haha me and my friend would be like so happy and we could play skype ping pong!! <3 haha
there were a bunch, I was the only dude. We had the whole crew there!
I think I need to go disc golfing with you! Hope you're using the helmet attachment.
Empty net goal by Brad Ross makes it 3-1 #Hawks! Looking for sweep tomorrow night!
you know it. I'll be putting my drink in a pineapple!
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
good luck everyone at worlds today! UA ALL DAY! <3
She the shit, I'm manure.
Best workout ever NFL ready draft thursday
o no! I just saw this tweet! Everyone is starting to pack up now....
Got music ideas on muh mind!
Thanks,I have 3+ years molbio lab research/mgmt but just got MPH so looking for public health jobs (policy, research, advocacy).
omg that's crazy I'm sure I can do that with my belly button lol
lol same here I feel your pain.TGIF
#Scorpio MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
indeed. There should have been two photos
DJing at the Capitol Club tonight with DJ Edis - stop by and have a drink with us!
Twitter can't impeach the President of the United States. What are the charges anyway?
yo shut up
KCJA jazz night out in KCMO w/ Mike Pagan Trio on Thur. Jan. 20
Sneaky Smile ima watch out for U lol!
very cool
Yep. Are you wondering what that is?
What it says: "Do not touch." What I read: "Touch when nobody is looking."
For all the times people write 'stunning' on Facebook, we should all pretty much be on the floor.
FOLLOW FRIDAY!! FOLLOW ME
I haven't driven to Bellaire by myself in years. I got some really bad flashbacks while driving in. Those days are over!
How is it tonight?
I was going to cook an epic dinner, but I just don't have the energy. I hate being sick.
Death makes you realize that you shouldn't waste time on things that don't make you happy.
#np Show Stopper ;)
Well that is a a sketchy response.
anybody get a #wheresChorizo statue??
hey back off :)
small investment. 30k. Nice return... and film producer credit!
Another terrible call coming from the #NHL playoffs. Go figure. Shitty refs again
Sitting here chilling and drinking in country ass knoxville TN.
If you like the #SanAntonioSpurs, u will like their D-league team. Go
Thanks Stevie. Like your tweets...keeping it positive!
Try Sandbar on Granville island while in Vancouver - was recommended to us by locals and it's delicious!
is that good, bad or indifferent?
Luv that post!!! You da man, Max!
That suspiciously sounds like "no" to a native English speaker. don't mess with my heart.
Studio Update! Drums are tracked...tomorrow bass and guitars!
Playing at Red, White + Bluezz tonight (in Pasadena) with Dominic Thiroux on bass! 6:30-9:30. Come keep us company and hear Dom sans amp!
i already know what yall talmbout
I've been great! Got a condo here in Vegas and starting a social media business! What have you been up to?
haha my dad has one of onece my cat got in the way and he almost died it eas not cool.
"Hold on, I have a five cent coin." Yes, I just said this.
I do indeed amiga! RT : love a shandy in the summer...I have to look for that one. Hope you have your feet up!
The word "toast," meaning a wish of good health, started in ancient Rome, where a piece of toasted bread was dropped into wine.
Definitely a good superbowl. It will be talked about for a long time coming
happy birthday!
Excited for sushi with my sweetie for his birthday!
I'll send you an email one I get things organize a bit more
Frak, it's snowing. Again.
lol bad memory
As actors get older, they may need to be dressed more formally in their headshots. Think about the roles you want before you choose clothes
"Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide. No escape from reality. Open your eyes."
"You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden." ~ Matthew 5:14 Be encouraged to be that light, somehow, today :)
Team with home court advantage is suppose to win the first 2 games at home so I'm not tripping
RT : What a great day! Inspiration and community.
"Hollywood Indies" is pretty much just a Japanese thing, right? American media scholars, people in the US don't use this term, right?
Hi Darcie! Good to connect via twitter. I checked out your site and would love to learn more about what you're up to!
How did you break into #photography. Tell us your story and we may feature you in the next issue of ArtsNFashion magazine.
I really hope the #RedSox can fix their bullpen...they do that and this team WILL make the playoffs
That moment when a gaga song is playing and your mom changes the station... Bitch wtf
when we got to your house
I'm gonna call him.
Want 2 perform @ Dodge Poetry Festival N Oct 2012. YAHSpeak would B amazing addition. Some1 @ Speaker Oliver's event put that N my spirit!
Sage advice. RT : Oh heck yes! Eggnog ANYTHING from is awesome!
This is exactly what Hart/Jacobs did in early 90's. I think both ACab & Santana have lots 2 prove yet. Ideal contract lgth imho
we said Q is white girl wasted.
God Morning :)
So fucking stressed i cant
when are you getting to the grange? is starting soon!
Keith Richards' "Life" is fantastic.
we close @ 10. Sunday's we do token count & I stayed to help. & it takes a while
You inspire me #doveinspired #mom2summit for your passion and vision on your awesome company!! See you !
Just learned about StumbleUpon, things found on the web and voted on. Pleased to see a classical music section.
Frame Ben Franklin
Thinking about taking Chronos to Hollywood. Been offered venue (paper or Plastik cafe/Mimoda Studios) thoughts? Opinions? Yes/no?
is a tea expert!
Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable. – Coco Chanel
Shhh. They're sleeping. They got a big game against the Bucks tomorrow.
... Thanks :-) twitter was quiet, I was kinda worried
I Hate Waring Our Nation...
~ Love you guys - stay lifted and hope it is a success........ :)
First craft show of 2009 tomorrow Woo Hoo as Vicki of OC housewife's would say......... Yea Baby.
I dig it!
Oh i forgot I saw today d:
Way to welcome the Cornhuskers to the Big Ten Badgers!!! Now take out the rest of the conference!
Tonight's cocktail of the day is the Arboretum. A $5 local whiskey drink.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority.
I've a very serious investment of $3 in tonight. I mean business.
your profile pic is beautiful girl !
god morning!
Hope your watching LINSANITY the Knicks look like a different team. We are looking for his Jersey and throwbacks High School and Harvard
can you please come back to philly and teach the boys to hit please. This is to frustrating Charlie needs to sit em all a gam
I plan on it :D
#EmmaStone looks like a skyscraper!
Way to go! Sorensen will be great for you!
everybody is cutting their hair
Send in your flow pictures now!! lets see what you got
Awk already tweet that movie
YOU'RE SOMEBODY NOW
Ah alumni events.
At for the ATL iOS Meetup. Can't wait to hear ideas for #cocoaCamp 2012.
An iced white mocha sounds wonderful right now.
Can listen to the whole song... Not in the mood for country lol
Just leaving the club it was off the chain promise to for killin the shit.
I hope the flood waters in Melbourne do not hit your property.
He looked like a gremlin. -stephanie, about this guy who talked her last night.
Its march, but its still snowing
JJ's range is just as deep as Jimmer's (if not deeper). JJ just didn't have an offense that let him jack 30 shots a game...
My day/night schedule is so far gone...
I can't think of any director you could mistake Malick for by looking at his work. All this whispering poetic stuff...
Bvm tonight w/ my girls ^__^
im chillin in boston wish u could join me
couldn't agree more! I'd like to know if anybody actually gets positive results from that...
thanks so much, and I will tweet a pic of Remy before the weekend : ) hope to see you again soon.
#nowplaying Back to december---
Stereo Space will be hanging out tomorrow night at the show, it's at the famous
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone always seems to ring longer than usual.
Why would I want to download an mp3 file into an app that won't let me do anything else with it? This can't be right.
I know I'm back in LA when I see celebrities @ the airport. But where is the sunshine??
I'm pretty sure my friend just rolled over her phone while having sex, accidentally called me, and left me a 4min voicemail of the event.
Love a good "you would." It's a nice amorphous insult that lets the recipient do all the work.
Lovechild Zombid is shooting our first full fledged music video today at Restoration Oaks Ranch in Santa Ynez. So excited!!!
Not a big fan of Anne and James so far... Their banter is kinda painful.
the difference between a successful man & a failure is not one's better abilities or ideas, but the courage that one has to act on his ideas
Is it a competition on who can Pee on the toilet seat the most? That is DISGUSTING.
Happy Mother's Day to my TL. I follow some fierce women.
Just finished the first Pokemon movie. Shit was boss.
No, they're very good for helping li'l old ladies across the street.
A successful man continues to look for work after he has found a job.
That's got to be a first for me. Mowing the yard in January.
Stuck in an incredibly long and awkward convo in the sauna. Something about the environment and leg presses.
Venice beach lacks chest hair styling variances. I am looking for a man with a nice fade and well conditioned chest hair
Dating show addiction: Why America can't get enough of happily never after - Fox News
two gay girls and a good man. the perfect relationship everybody is happy.
Proud to be a teacher of humanities.
Nice! (I hope?)
I can�t blame you for being who you are, I can only blame myself for thinking you were different.
Researchers have concluded that the bakery oven dates back to more than 7800 years ago.
In the the South Land there's a city..... Way down on the river.... Where the women are very pretty and all the men deliver (=
Nice video! We have our interview with you from TechWeek up on our blog bit.ly/oJxQ4w
Trinity with Show up
By a bizarre bit of experimental cheffing I discovered Pomegranate Juice is OK non-alcho replacement for red wine - if there's such a thing!
update facebook page with your current mixtape photos!
btw, we're going to be in town that weekend for a race.
I understand its a total reboot, not a spin off. That's their first mistake...
Japan adds $61B to asset purchase plan - CNN
8.5 lbs. gal of water is 8, right?
not saying Romar is a bad coach or needs to go but that this ability is one of those that separates the good from the great
Thanks Paul! Hope your weekend is great too. Dismal was fun to shoot. Cabin was real - floor caved in during one scene!
Looking at who's coming in the building I might have to go down and check it out though. ;)
Boy. You've really got your cranky pants on tonight.
Consider parking in front of our gallery soon. Good parking at New York Av betw 9th & 10th. Happy to cross promote!
Its hard 2 break cycles unless u have peeps 2 support u & keep u accountable @ the same time-Thats what we do :)
yayyy! I see lots of wine nights in our future
We have two awesome contests going on! Our Blog Giveaway, and our Cutest BayBee Contest! Post your pics and visit our site today!
Needs lots and lots of milk cartons - right now!
Peyton Manning should air "The Decision" on and have all the proceeds benefit the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Follow and mention us and we'll follow you back GUARANTEE <3
Hate I have to miss show tonight but I know he will rock it!!!! (BIG HUG) kill it boo! :-)
Do one thing everyday that scares you. — ELEANOR ROOSEVELT
Cashier at Wal-Mart hands me my receipt & says "here" no thank you just "here." no decency in this world
TEAM (I'd Kick That!) signed up for: Summer Rookie Co-ed Kickball at Berkeley Park Sundays.
Organza and Bowties for Puppy Wedding - Wall Street Journal
it's a Shelly sighting!!!
Guys who call other guys "pussy" are terminally confused.
$1bil?? RT : P.F. Chang's has been sold for $1.1 billion. Deal includes 204 P.F. Chang's &amp; 170 Pei Wei's (via )
When your pants bulge up like you have a boner when you sit down <<
Learning so much from in her fiction workshop.
yes that's where we were! So beautiful!
hahaha well it's all over now. But yes, Sabrina. Madeline texted me saying "Sabrina. Fuck her" Hahahahha
That awkward moment when you text twitter on accident..
that's equality baby. Bring everyone down to the lowest common denominator. It's so easy to be utopian isn't it. 4th grade math.
When choosing a venue, take into account ur number of guests, budget, & the kind ambience ur trying to accomplish.
text me ;3
So cool!
Sure, sounds interesting. Please email me at .com to get my address. Thx.
likewise! Thank you so much for all the great podcast and library app advice! I'm working on sharing some of my own tricks!
your member ship is on my birthday!
Doing 4 hours of service work at 8 on a Saturday for beta club, woohoo.
Really surprised the #Flyers lost to the #Devils in five games. Didn't see this coming at all.
Literally crying at
Sun down funs down. Let the studying continue... In a little
Four days left. Come on. Submit!!
Great day on Boardwalk Empire. I met & worked w/ Kelly MacDonald (Margaret Schroeder) & met Steve Buscemi too.
Fat guy on the bus with a lumberjack beard and a "Curly Fries" sweatshirt: I salute you.
You're not a dealer, you're just taking advantage of someone's addiction.
Love to read and do reviews as often as time permits.
Awesome, I'll get in touch with them. Thank you!
S/O to Long time #ForeverFly supporter
RT : I have that book, "Earn millions advertising to the passengers on the Titantic." > LOL.
All the crap I just got in the kitchen for heating up tofu, you'd think I was eating small children.
I see imma have to add one more person to my #fuckthemuponsight list
lmfao ikr she was like a shoe print on ur face bitch haha
you must stay at my home I have an air mattress to die for!
I heard something about a bull riding/rodeo that supports wounded warriors, but can't find the details. Plz fill me in?
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 18
He's never gonna follow me../: Whatever~
Last shower in this hell hole!
My daily affirmation has become "I think I'll make a blueberry coffee cake today." Some day it'll be true...
Newsong concert in the camry. At least it sounds like it.
We will have to get dinner or do something to celebrate our birthdays together!! =)
"i'm yadeli. i'm from los angeles and i can play the piano" that was my speech for computer app. THUG AS
Thanks I agree.
and it's time to call it a night. Going shopping tomorrow! I must constantly remind myself that I don't have any room in my suitcase!!
At The Paramount With The Family :)
In your financial life, plan, don't panic! Know why you're doing what you're doing (financially) and that it's part of your plan.
Queue up your questions now!
It was 37 different messages.
haha, what constitutes "really good?" I'm interested to see how much variability there is in locations (similar to devices)
Thank you for your prayers. That means a lot to us!
Haha you Guys are entertaining
Love thinking in new ways! " Hoping to offer opp. to think/dream outside usual comfort zones. #mw2012"
Did you print off your coupon for a free medium Fry and Medium Soft Drink with purchase of any Angus Burger coupon yet?
share it!
Anyone worried about him wasn't using their head! Filthy stuff is right!
It's not just about money, it's about class & society Said it best! Via the best!!!!!
On #Maui? Headed out for dinner? Head to , say code word "ESCAPE" & score a free appetizer! 5/18 only.
America's least relevant awards show is going about as well as expected.
One word had me being very cautious in the Apple store yesterday; HUMANCENTiPAD!!
coachella 2013 tickets are on sale! and of course the page is hung up on 'standby'
Oh snap I don't want to guess what you saw. Oh snap go away.
Tofu Teriyaki anyone?
RT : Having classic Chicago day: Walker Bros, Arch boat tour, Pizzeria Due, 2nd City, Twin Anchors, then bribe a politician.
thank YOU!!
To lead people, walk beside them � As for the best leaders, the people do not
“: A can of Diet Coke floats, while a can of regular Coke sinks” this made me think of our convo yesterday
I like how people ask Adam questions that he has already answered. You guys are smart lol.
hi! How are you? How's school? Where are you? :)
It's early, but Fox Sports Wisconsin is missing some camera angles in its #Brewers broadcasts.
guaranteed the Broncos win a Super Bowl with PM. How can he guarantee that?! Do I get something if they don't?
sure! any particular flavor/frosting requests?
i love him with all my heart.
it's nicke's
LORD HAVE MERCY RICH HARDBECK
Ultimately, cities represent always enfolded layers of past and present networks in continual encounter with each other.
Certainly! This is a beta test. Vision is DC elem. wide. Again, Thanks!
Yeah fly out to LA have a few drinks. Have a good laugh.
We're so random. cx Omg.
Steve Hackett left Genesis on this day in 1977. I LOVE his Hoping Love Will Last.
#CelebOfTheYear is for sure DEMI LOVATO has overcome so much in 2011 now look at her even better than before<3 Shes Incredible
is pissed beyond belief.
We love using twitter!
State has rested its case here in Dane County hearing on controversial collective bargaining law.
I'm chugging water. You should too.
"Live simply that others might simply live" EA Seton. RT : Morning!
Loud and angry doesn't make you right. It just means that you are loud and angry. Read this today "Loud and Angry" seems to a moral...
Congrats to and Southern Miss. Two teams from CUSA in the tournament, great for the conference.
So glad you enjoyed it! No clue on Princess and the Pop Star -- that's not one of mine.
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
o well hi
you need a girly baking night! Restful pie making & good red wine.
Wow, we have over 11,000 likes on our page. That is very cool indeed...thanks to all of you for making Buttons a movement!
Hit up and see what the Luchtel clan is doing!
That was amazing Mike!! 160lbs and donne at home... Congratulations!
is there room for a Madison accelerator?
Great tip from Pamela of create a glossary of definitions on your website to boost google search
Going to practice in Caer Mear tonight, with Thjora & Kelby. Hope I have time to get my shield fixed.
Had a long Day time to relax, unwind n take a break. Sweet dreams everyone..
same to u!
Ahha, I just got this lol, but whenever you want too :p
Some names just instantly sour my mood. And that bitch is nothing but a curdle…Ew!
Let's do it. Is Augie your school or town?
Good luck!
you're everywhere!
Right back at you #B1G “: Good luck to and the Badgers. #B1Grespect”
ayee who got credits??
lol where u at
There has got to be a quick clever comparison between lying on a field and seeing pictures in the clouds and seeing The Cloud via apps...
": Im gonna be single till the day I"
Anytime Joe! Say hi to all the folks for me!
looking more than money... Mostly fans.
my day is complete replied to one of my tweets, now if only would give me some love.
Would you take the place of this man? Would you take the nails from his hand?
another Jason face during performance ٩(●̮̮̃•̃)۶
I challenge you! Write a sixty second scene with a beginning, middle and end and a conflict and conflict resolved. I did it. Can you?
Ha ill insert foot in mouth now RT : I think they are booing the commissioner bro
RT Ibanez shud do a PSA: Hey kids..Be cool..stay in school..dont do drugs..hit HRs..Raul'll b seeing u..so b good!<< YEA!
Happy Sunday
okie dokie! I'm crashed on the couch being lazy for once!
NBMBAA has 43 chapters in a city near you. We host prof development workshops. Join us and network with the professionals.
Did 2 hours yesterday. Takes about 5 seconds to flip back and forth. Got the arm a year ago, but just got around to the cabinet.
Almost to the house nd my phone about to die. Smh
lol well we will talk about it more when I come back! :)
This is why it's personal. haha I'm glad people are starting to know who she is now.
Great teachers and coaches must also be great motivators.
She say she love me wat, Eva that it is, do me a favor save that shit
thanks for coming & glad you found it useful!
Keep looking and clicking around, and get all your friends to do it, too. The cat photos are hidden DEEP in the site, I swear. :)
Bunk. Bogus. Bogato
I went crazy and bought too many button downs and polos this past month. Now it's t-shirt time and I don't have much. Even it out?
Thanks for having me, looking forward to more!
Hey bitch try this..!
Also, the paint can opener they sell at home depot opens bottles, too. They know.
What are some of your favorite signature tech sounds?
sorry, dude. I'm taken.
Anybody tryana go see young veggies with me?
I LOVE spoken word. You guys are definitely on my list! THANKS for reaching out!
Ha, I'm not sure either. Kate! I would love to see you soon.
Hard to tweet when the cyborg chauffeur's blubbering over "Brave Little Toaster" on his wrist video. Just drive the car, Gamgam!
re: klout match up, reminds me of hot or not...so that is how i will play.
Merry Christmas!
GET TWO COIN CODES TODAY FROM TOYS R US
“: One day before i die im gonna be a lesbian” am i gonna have to explain to you how being a lesbian works
In Sarasota, Florida. Brown spider. Maybe a wood spider?
Please note, there are a few warmers out of stock from the Holiday Collection: 1. Bluster 2. Snowday Plug-In 3. Snowflake Plug-In
Kill em' don't stop the violence ": Bout to hit dis stage!!! RAW"
are you coming to dallas?
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mama's out there!! We appreciate everything you do for us, I love you Mom!!!
watermelon is pretty fantastic!
Im not addicted to twitter, I just like to connect with my rusher family:-)
got interested in following up old tweets - did the prediction come true? Did gizmo X get used? modern accountability/archeology
RT : Listening to Kristen Gilles' forthcoming album "The Whole Big Story."Wow, is it good! I especially like the song "Rising Tide."
Yup in my white tee... Is shit no one ever says anymore while the tall tee sticker is still on it
Education is a better safeguard of liberty than a standing army. -Edward Everett
Happy 8th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento franchisee....Kishore & Anjana Kumar! Thanks for keeping Sacs business clean!
Peggy McNamara talks about scientific illustration and being an artist.
“: Everything is really not about you. Get over yourself.” I need to be reminded of this daily.
I'm trying but I can't let go of the sweets
Thanks for the mention and retweet!
Couch, glass of wine, and an intense game of words with friends.
Tweeting from my brand new #iPad2!!
can we bring back the french braid?
I actually like my job today!
Do you subscribe to the ancient alien theories? That's a great show FYI
Anyone know of a streaming radio service that serves up nice stations based on artist/song AND allow me to listen to albums/songs on demand?
I wish I could have seen the #Caps game on the DC feed. The NESN crew obviously wasn't too excited about the Caps win.
Woo Hoo! Can get conceal carry online now. Go, Calibers!
Pick up a Go Local card there and you will get a buy one sandwich get one free every time.
apparently...sadly
I wont be tweeting much tomarrow I have a series of testing that I will be doing tomarrow I will be staying overnight at the hospital!
Writing a book- Building Digital Repositories w/Limited Resources. Looking for case studies and best practices
My tummy hurts now o:
nigger your not kayne so stop the bull shit
"You gotta risk it to get tha biscuit"....
One of my fave parts of being an #eventprofs? Working with our labor guys. Got such a great group this time. Couldn't pull it off wout them
alright, I will. I'll try not to forget. I probably won't
Great marketing is seeing the conversation we all want to be part of and making it happen.
yeah I was there this morning but I left so I can finish my last finals
Hey , & i just got to portland today for #cls11 - when will you be here & are you going?
Most #Brewers fans are in the parking lot celebrating taking the first five out of seven from the #Cubs. I'm still here, though.
No heart transplant for my dad at age 70. He died at 71.
I'd say the three most influential figures in my life are Twain, MLK Jr. and the guy who played Cody on Step By Step.
My magic number for today at the audi dealership...451 for vac lines and check valves. Actually thought it would be more!
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
Wish it was Friday...
"If you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments." - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Thank you so much for inviting us!
little bit. Headache is going away and I have a bit of energy. Waiting on what I call "Yin Yue's magic soup" lol
You are a horrible person.
noope , nope, nope !
On my way to school...It's been such ugly weather the past few days, I hope it's not like this during the summer😒
Congratulations on the 6 Daytime Emmy Nominations #FreshBeatBand ! Loved working on that show with all of you!
we love you when that happens :)
I feel like its always hockey season..
take me to arlington
thankfully, it's not serious...
Looks like you have a lot of interesting projects. All the best!
No ones awake !
I love mcdonalds at this time of night when I'm hungry af
it's time to twitter a while! :)
also, thanks.
lol yeah u like it cold
S/O to Boozer for finally showing up against the
He Would even Talk To me..I've Been Trying Forever!! And i Think I'm Ugly!! Justin Do You Think I'm Ugly...?
Heading to Renaissance Hotel in Tampa to celebrate the holidays with my husband's work peeps. Hooray! Have a great weekend :-)
great website!
so excited to join you on air!
It is actually in Tokyo
I want some Hey Bro Beer.
we are excited to be here - what do you like about NYC's integration?
Fat baby don wan no mo.
at the ABQ Art Museum is doing something in the sculpture garden, I believe.
sick get a room and don't tweet stupid things
“: What are you filming?”>> a film called The Legend of 7 toed Maggie:) I'm Maggie
it's a one size fits all stretch, but unstretched it measures about 7 inches in diameter. it has a spandex lining inside the cap fit
There is also a difference between getting someone to be engaged and getting someone to act. //
you should seriously get a new picture first of all its old and second i look like shittt. thank you
3-yr-old son just falling asleep next to me on couch.
Shout out to for her amazing work on the poster for #Rising! -JO
hey I'm bored too. Whats up?
Life is unbearable, unbelievable, unexpected, undervalued, unappreciated, unpredictable, underrated, uncomfortable, unenjoyable, unreliable
im gon send my bestfrann off to prom in 10 mo days
that carpet gives it away
could you be... The most beautiful boy in da world? You're the reason that god made boys..
Heading to Mount Hood? Expect heavy congestion on Hwy 26, up to an hour delay from MP 40 to 48. There is also a chain requirement in place.
We were honored to be location of surprise party yesterday for Ted Law yesterday. Great group of wine-loving guests. Happy Birthday Ted!
augh take pictures you guys
Could there be any less overlap between the target audience of the Superbowl and its halftime show?
hi! When does the new gig start?
Planning another photo shoot with thinking something outdoor and cold...hm? Thoughts?
#FML .. going to court sucks!
I need rock n roll beats I sing
So much shrimp!
thx for sharing the post, Rob!
I love latestarts
": wake up bit"/im up now
Live life. Love and give!
that's because you live in Massachusetts. Home of the worst drivers in the US
need proofreading/editing? check out my friend
I love Francis Bacon. Nice background.
reality is a lovely place, but I wouldn't want to live there.♥
LOL. You shoulda struck a pose (:
Did he say strap in or strap on?
Livingston Co 47% (likely in Burke's pocket) Steuben County 17% (who knows?) and Monroe Co 36% (likely leaning Nojay, but who knows 4 sure?)
cheesy humor is my strong point...lol
inspiring. gardening xtremely imp! food scarcity is here! been considering vegan diet. more & more. you go agitate girl! xo
Anyone who belongs to Christ has become a new person. The old life is gone; a new life has begun! 2 Corinthians 5:17
Will be in LA for the film festival screening of "Rape Kit" Aug 11-18. All West Coast friends must attend!
: Well HELLO there!
thank you! It's been such an honor and a pleasure working with you in '11!
#ProudTweet!!! RT : & Philly wins game 2 in Boston. Congrats guys!
": I need my dudes to win (rich dollarz voice) " We all winning fam.
I'm happy for Riley, and sad for me. Guess YOU will have to lace up some skates, we need an enforcer on the ice.
it'll be okay Andrew. I have that too. Math is easy. I already did English, and biology I'm gonna to tmrw.
RT God, that makes me feel old. --> Makes me feel sick!! Graduated high school 37 years ago!! Retired Military w/22 yrs - 15 ago!
Sorry to see you go #Blackhawks, but you phoned it in for 6 playoff games.
Anyone else having sluggish computers since yesterday's Window update?
RIGHT?! im telling u, the tv shows they show these days are ass
Wow that was awesome!
maybe something from the Medinah Shriners?!? Let me know if interested, can help obtain for you
Oh it's probably a good thing the boys don't see my tweets or else they'd put a restraining order against me...
hmm, ok. Maybe we will have to take two cars and pitch in on gas :P
of course :)
My condolences. I hear duct tape is a good solution to your problem.
Ugh I Guess!!
maybe one day, could you follow me please..?! It'd make me the happiest person EVER! x your just too amazing!
kinda dumb i mean it only the central f***** point of the whole site
Oh well, I will live. lol
We need more followers in #Miami #SouthFlorida #Broward follow us we follow Back!
Very cool!
Well, now that you've promised that LA will be the best thing I've ever seen, how can I not do my very best to go
Nobody puked last night or this morning, yeah!
My tl won't load but I'm just going to keep tweeting anyway.
total people and checking yes, but none of the venue manager data points.
One day you'll be beggin' on your knees for me 🎶
relaxed... oh wait i forgot to finish my portfolio project<<<<<<<
RT : Big time congrats to and the uw huskies! Ending the season as champions!
After any race, no matter how hard you puke, you always think you could have run faster. Give yourself a break sometimes.
Taco Bell 👍
AWESOME picture! Thanks for visiting, and for the great tweet!!
Lol IT'S ON!! RT“: Oh sh#t you know its on tonight come get your drink on!!!go goo lol”
Who's are my 2 donors for this Sat/Sun's run? Nice and easy 10 mi & 8 mi for a recovery wk. Doesn't feel like it bec of
Holy shit st. Mary's is up
I feel like fuckin! Who's down?! :D
What a wonderful class it was tonight in Las Vegas the students in the Broadway audition seminar were remarkable. Thank you Cindi Rush!
Jimmie Johnson on pit road looks like overheating/engine issues
Mike (A fellow Workplace Trainer/Coach)-well done. and thanks for mentioning Ann at the #pihra event. Super success to you.
Leave it to Deep South Republicans to keep a bad idea alive. Congrats #tcot for your two Santorum victories!
Thanks for the RTs, and
RT : Red Tails in theaters Jan. 20th! Support a film that displays a positive Black image in American history
After working close to where I live I kinda forgot what taffic was, looks like Im gonna play some plate poker for a while
Its. Boarding today
how did u get one
thank you for including me! RT
Abe speaking German made my day.
is it safe to say that most learning via SM happens in a context that we CAN'T measure?
Happy Saturday everybody! How are you gaming this weekend? Console? PC? Handheld? Tablet? Smartphone? Virtual Boy?
Yes Pastors should preach pro life after the brain and organs are developed not when its a zygote
Good Morning Monday :)
I hate when people aren't problem solvers or take too long to process information... Does matter if it's on the street in traffic or in life
Great pie making class last night at with the kids. Molly is a superstar.
I hope everyone out there is having a wonderful day..
That was an accident. Re-posted. Cheers!
Wow, feelin like I just got out of a time machine. Slick Rick's new joint is hot. What up "X" & "Biggie"
Do NOT feel sorry. They own their delusions, and are likely dangerous. Or at least stupid.
...in the oc for a show at the observatory tonight. and yes, we did listen to phantom planet's california on the 101.
pleased to see you, Simon!
Hahaha nice ;) RT Politics & Prose is delighted to announce that we will be switching exclusively to eBooks!
Name Change from Kate Grace PT to Evolve PT + Wellness. Everything else remains the same!
Just as long as you have a path, than your good.
100% yes. You can play bells on everything I do from now on.
woaah just watched the boyfriend video. Who knew you could be so sexual.
I know my eyes get so watery!! then the lady tries to talk to you and I can't even understand what she is saying
Planning a bachelor/bachelorette party this summer? Design or submit an idea for party t-shirts. Go out in style before your wedding
Looking good! RT : Have my Sporting KC shirt on for
i'll see if i can open the door if you take too long.
Cacharoach climbs on chest, when ur laying in bed, and hey senior, we wantz your houwwwsse!
It is Friday after all.
After a week when I barely paused for breath, finally settling back in my seat for Wim Wenders' Pina. Aaaahhh.
you don't know what's good for you bro
ok I just got home I'll send you a pic now it came out really good! Did ur dress come yet?!
Trying to Expose a dude NEAKO you ever heard of DJWhoDat ? He claims he was in studio with you please tell me Dude BSn
HOES THESE DAYS.
It's 'Wailea on Wednesdays.' Free Polynesian performance & fire-knife show 6:30-8p, + eat/drink/shop specials. Details: ow.ly/7ZA04
That movie didn't even look appealing!!
“: Love is just a word... that is, until someone comes along and gives it meaning.”
big mama ... hahahaha
Thanks for the mention! Call 804-421-HVAC for 33% off standard maintenance
thank you very much! Happy Friday to you too!
THESE HEARTS! about to tear it up!!!!!
Jesus Christ, my bumps are goosed.
Never seen so many people wearing items in plaid that weren't shirts.
What do you do say when you're unfortunately forced to hang out with meatheads who insist on "complimenting" every woman they see?
People haven't always been there for me but music always has. - Taylor Swift
hey sexy, i like that profile picture! & i will listen to that music u sent soon :)
Swaagggg Swaaaaaggggg Swagggieeeee I am SO ready for the BOYFRIEND MUSIC VIDEO!!!!<3333 love you(:
Yummy! m bacon!!
I hate other couples
Still time to get this delicious deal 4 Piecoras NY Pizza! $10 for $20 worth of pizza! Pepperoni and olives anyone? htp://bit.ly/SeattleDeal
Summer break here we come!!
": So it's natural to be horny consistently in the morning right?" - sonn, this tweet made my morning
You can get so much mileage out of lines that go up and big round numbers. Resonates w/ the people w/ the $.
so nice to meet you in person yesterday!
Not Missing This Haha .. Yes (: Will U Be Seeing Austin? My Bday Is 3 Days After The Day Of the concert :D
People of Libya...our thoughts and prayers are with you. Freedom from Gaddafi, Insha'Allah
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS TARYN! Hope it's wonderful and you're surrounded by loved ones
DirecTV is the business. Their customer service is second to none.
sucks at messaging people back -.-
what i do on grand theft auto ❒ Legit missions ✔ fuck shit up, steal cars, and kill bitches.
17 lol hby? where do you go to school at now?
RT If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Do you believe in happy endings?
The Grant Napear Show – May 2, 2012 « CBS Sacramento
Took a little hiatus from this account to focus on getting up and running. But I'm back! Hope ya'll didn't miss me too much
Good Monday morning to all! Make it an alkaline week... eat fruits and veggies and drink high pH alkaline water always!
This guy on 16& pregnant right now, is the best dad I've ever seen on this show.
Gotta love seeing our shirts !!
Walmart makes all it's money on the backs if the middle class. Prices are cheap because everything is made in China
Wow! Matthew 6 in The Message translation... Steep your life in God-reality...
My cat just looked out the window, saw it was raining, then ran for her life.
Raining agouti and manicou out there for a few hours straight. I'll have many mosquitoes to kill before bed.
we did it big I told u to come thru man u missed out lol
where did u go
Hated him at MSU. Welcome him to the Packers! RT Pick is worthy
I swear you wanna argue over dumb shit
if I could be at home wearing that and sipping coffee, I'd be in heaven.
Looking for a summer internship? The morning show at 99.7 NOW! is looking for interns! Must be available from 5:30-10am on MWF or TTH.
The U.S. census placed total 2011 U.S. Hispanic spending power at a whopping $1.2 trillion. Consider specific marketing to this stratum.
HELLO SIR
Today was a really good day #repeatplease?? 😊
The king Has arrived !!!!
that's one cool ass chick you got there.
Morning tweeps, hope everyone enjoyed their mother's day. :-)
why am i awake right now!!!! hsshgsgakabdkocuywgosbx gaiakhsfqraoxb
Bravo on the brilliant #Grammys commercial w/in a commercial for &
I truly dislike typing while wearing nitrile gloves.
: Recalls C of 1930s...future of that corps transcended the economics. Great foundation laid already w/ 142 corps across US
THANK YOU it IS quite #Asinine that will only go to church if he loses a bet. Lol. Smh
You bet:-)
Hello world, finally gt my mind cleared bt cant nobody here me cuz sumbody wnt let me get my beats. Hm, stay tuned while I gt tht situated
yep I just heard that, I wish I didn't..but I did
#Offline Hoping tomorrow is better
all i want is a shout out lol
awe thats cute.. Me too lol
The Hobbit is good but my #1 book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you, cause one day you may realize that you've lost the moon while counting the stars.
The Art of War
Hey Andrew, have a great weekend! See you Sunday!
Making moves this morning!:-)
I would love to dropkick someone in the face right about now
Maybe could do both!;)
RMNU Cup this weekend in Tampa, FL.
they real fans??
The weather man predicted lows in the 70's.......and yet I am cleaning windows in the snow. Go figure.
THANK YOU! I must fight and try for the families I am standing for!
hello, you are so gorgeouss
some of my friends r there 2
Come see "Rum sodomy and THE HOOKS" fri march 2nd in the starry plough Berkley...
exactly: FSU btching and moaning is all knee-jerk response to uniformed populist bile.
I love being the most hated guy on the field cause even for the people that hate me...have to watch me
#nomnom is right. Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Making salmon and talapia and veggies & a night in with movies, nail painting, hair dye & cuddling.
this is a video game score... Thus we need video game PA work. "boomshakalaka" needs to happen.
I love The Bloggess!
fabulous chatting with you ladies today!
Busdriver - This Machine Kills Fashion Tips
Here w/ at 1515 Ennis Joslin-The Shores Apts for a Toys4Tots event now till 4pm. food & fun. plz bring an unwrapped toy.
Lol hell yea
oh yea thanks -___-
Thanks, we're starting to look tomorrow.
Rise in taxes, airfares hit tourism
RT : An #Aquarius does not like or encourage emotional arguments
I'll say it again #Okc ya fuck everything else
I'm not big on posting my personal life on twitter, but always tell your family you Love them. Happy Birthday Mom, I miss you.
where is the open studios thang..are you downtown?? I am out of the LOOPs!
Popping rolaids, chased with Shiner.
your welcome:)
hahaha yeahh. You play third? ;b
I guess you are
this is officially Squala's first Twitter virigintwitterman final getting my feet wet in the matrix B#tches!!!!!
It's so beautiful outside...should be perfect for later!!
you are so welcome!
I want to have something witty to say to that but it just depresses the hell out of me.
it's ok
Hello, just wanted to introduce myself. Great work! Really like the Ice and Fire iPad app.
Happy Valentine's Day! xoxoxo.....
"a dog friendly city is a lovable city" #loveindy what do u think ?
U of Michigan banning smoking on campus. Fascinating how private property laws are cross-checking personal liberties
Nance says she'll go above and beyond, platforms are "not just job descriptions"
Thanks Matt, great to see you!
Tonight has been so emotional
on hideout status! Jkjk... Just working and you?
we <3 you right back!
Not donkey status I'm studying abroad second semester at the University of London. Applying in August :)
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear The check didn't clear
really? that is ugly
are you currently interning anywhere?
Day 3 of the juice fast, feeling so much better today. Headed to the strip for produce.
Birthday bask kicking off @ 8pm firehouse style! Hit me up for info!
When people hurt you over & over think of them as sandpaper-they scratch & hurt you,but you’ll be shining & polished and they end up useless
Light night WENDYS, big big day tomorrow
I am full-on sick. What should I have my bf come over and do for (or, OKAY, with) me today? Besides Dexter-viewing.
ditto! -->“: my goal is to have everything in the new lookbook #makingithappen”
Good point. Another one to allow for another shopping spree.
why cant i find me a jared?
thanks Orlando <33 I just hope my roommates are freaks lol
nice. I got mad slices
I don't know who this is but I'm doing it! RT : RT this if you think should do the half marathon!
Why did Bruce Springsteen not play "born in the USA" in the nation's capital?
why the hell am i up?! #hangover!
Um, Greg Jennings is good. It's almost as if he could carry the whole team on his back.
what are we doing tonight
i see you!
..Tax loophole cash safely kept from supporting Middle Class programs like Medicare, SocSec, Education & Roads |
you Look Amazingly gorgeous Alli follow me :)
Tweet updates! RT :
I get to interview the biggest collector in #SouthAfrica today! Video will be coming soon!!! ^JB
what about ?
Beautiful. RT : Follow your dreams. Not the ones when you go to sleep but the 1's that keep you from going to sleep
This is not the greatest tweet in the world... it is a tribute... a tribute to the greatest tweet in the world.
she's sounds like a character to me! 👍
trololololol he got you good!
"My heart will still jump because to me, they look the same: Ex-girlfriends...black Jettas." ::ima robot::black jettas::
Thanks Michelle! Great day, all the family together for an evening cookout. Thanks for thinking of me! Be blessed!
Nothing special. I have some work to do, but that's the only thing definite in my schedule.
only NE students that signed
So hows your weekend going so far
Back to work tomorrow... have a great week, everyone!!
Please stop showing Spike Lee every 5 seconds.
Morning Vegas....I m Loving vegas a lot.....Bcos Its suits me the most...
So I assume you listened to the podcast... Not my best performance.
That is so great! Muy bien!
Currently interviewing literary agents, if you know someone, send me their name and I'll consider them!!!!!
Not sure about looking younger but great advice. RT : Got Rhomboids? WHAT!? Look younger in 10 days, nice. ow.ly/4DTID
So far I am disappointed with the March Madness app for Android. Still cant get video and I got a 4g signal. Guess the lappy is goodnuff.
haha, i may have to get that as a tattoo
Last day at for my wonderful intern Sad to see her go, but best of luck at !
Going to sleep 💤 had a great birthday 😃
I fucking hate my job
In which direction? I feel like my ass is pretty sore from the fence-sitting...
Yep. Claim logistics, traffic, garbage. Kinda too bad. Rise in food tides lifts all diners boats, I say!
John Terry is a punk and #Chelsea are a bunch of cheaters. Playing scared hope you get smoked now.
ooh can't imagine what sort of fun responses you'll get from die hard apple fans for that one! :)
I appreciate the shoutout to Grand rapids
RT : Today a full day of interviews in Miami! Tonight my label party at , gonna be epic! :)
Thanks for the kind words about Camtasia! Any particular changes you like/dislike?
good luck at on the first day of the season, youngin'.
ha ...how ya been
The fact that there's never anything to do in this town <<<<
If you can dream it, you can do it.
lmao jeez, don't make it sound so appealing---> Falling in love with a #Scorpio is a magical, yet slightly terrifying experience.”
hoops, soccer, baseball. ran college track and XC @ your rival, UDelaware.
washington just tied it!
All I want to for xmas is MIT
That will be saved for after that doc visit on Monday...not going anywhere today because it will be in the upper 80's
it's okay bae
It's nice out. Who wants to rub lotion on me? Baha
Holiday trivia answer: Port wine, raisins, almonds, cloves, cinnamon, dried fruit, dry red wine, and aquavit.
Cross-Country practice was great-ish. Comment the new pics. Text if you wanna
ANY WOMEN WHO ARE IN SAN ANTONIO AND INTERESTED IN MODELING....HIT UP DA WEB SITE WWW.BOYSDOWNSOUTH.COM AND SIGN UP TO B A
Kinda sad that school is going to be ending in a few weeks :(
Pliny the Elder~ There is always something new out of Africa.
I surely feel like calling in sick considering I don't feel well anywhoo AND I feel like being a bitch today
Sounds delicious. RT : Go OSU!! We have The Brutus today. A chocolate pb cupcake with red buttercream
Picture time
it's 10:58 here what bout there ??
tomorrow is monday....already. ugh
I will never understand why people wear heels to the airport. How does that make sense?!?
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX answer a phone call or txt
It seems so silly, but it does help.
I sworn you they let her die you will see the angery side! I love that little girl!
Wicked! I live 10 mins away, will be there to support you Mirza ji. :)
i had an amazing time it was soo much fun! ('aahhh yeeaahh' LMFAOO)
RT if your left-handed :)
RT White House says only 20 states have raised dropout age to 18.
"Did u just SHIT on me? Seriously?! Really?!...You BIT me!!!"
can I have a follow back? Plz
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
boy I never even kissed u!
Instructional design is not necessarily dying in the mobil learning world. Instead it's evolving. HTML5!
Had a great meeting at GSLIS today about career development. Thought I would start a twitter page!
I can't wait to go to this season!
positive energy
#LetsGoCLIPPERS!! RT : Congrats to the closing out the series on the road... bring on the
Moombaltimore is going off right now!!! Get to E-Villa for those beats you crave!
Random question: How long until kids r wearing helmets in youth bball, soccer, golf, tennis? Others?
learned to stand 4 what i believe in & what makes me happy & thats to give back to the children who need it. I have an idea..
- who has #girlsundertrees? Bad marketing!
Enjoy our Fiesta menu with $5 Margaritas $2 Tacos and more! Friday & Saturday 5PM-11PM!
Good Morning
So we thought this might be a fun opportunity for etiquette training... :):) everyone had a blast
I want you to come play for the Wichita Wingnuts. They were named after you. Seriously.
Wis. elections board head wants Walker recall primary on May 15, general election June 12. Democrats to object in court
One thing I'm learning about myself with D&D running is that I'm good at basic ideas but not so good with how to execute them.
why is yo skirt so fucking tight?
#SM is about connecting with the right ppl, at the right time, where THEY are. It's about them, them, them!
It needs to just be July 9th already so I can pick my friends up and shit.
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks join us for a great concert with Kylie Morgan starting at 8pm!
I love the energy of OKC fans!! They be so hype!!
This is a great rdg list of DH as a topic; I'm looking to swap ideas for dh assignments in other content classes (eg, 18th c)
PI, eh? Have fam back there. :)
If you want to create a Batch Process for documents in Adobe Acrobat X, it is now under View-->Tools-->Action Wizard. Create a new action.
Oh don't worry! Your Seattle rep from Egan (Mike) did a great job of representing you.
Just came from NBC's upfront presentation. Long and monotonous. Nothing new really stands out.
Back in the day, man talks to the wrong woman, the tribal chief's wife or from an enemy tribe, he will be dead.
are you excited to come to philly?:)
RT RT NYT NEWS ALERT: In 72-68 Victory Over Florida, Louisville Heads to N.C.A.A. Final Four
Hoosiers vs Wildcats in the sweet sixteen. Should be a great game. Hate to have to do this but
Add Thong to the list of words i never want to hear anyone in my immediate family say
she must really wanna go to culvers
Holy dumb submission batman!
confirmation? “: Also notorious for making the All Star team while hitting (I believe) under .200. #justsaying”
what u up to tomorrow nite boo
come chill with me n this weekend
Lawson can't miss
Article 66 on Facebook - like this legendary band and contact them for a free CD.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
I was calling around to get some info I need to not get in a jam. Couldn't get no info.
Great to find you on Twitter, thanks to Ru. Congrats on all your success!
Scars can remind us where we have been, they don't have to dictate where we are going.
Final Midtown tree planting for this spring in Charles North Sat. 12:00 noon. Volunteers needed, meet at Charles and North Ave.
I like buying shower curtains. Even if I can't decorate the entire house, I can switch up my bathroom. Easy to Please 😌
James Hardin balls nothing else need be said
Montgomery not a bad place. One High School in one town, Good situation.
sucks I did not get to watch it my sister would not get off the computer but ill watch I later!(;
Tomorrow I'll be a guest on Virginia This Morning, discussing my new book! The show airs from 9-10 am on WTVR Channel 6 in Richmond.
when Adele sings I want to cry cause I feel her pain through the notes...
My pleasure! Hope you #crushedit!! ;) RT : #wssmiami thank for sharing your social media tips with us!
This remix is brilliant. #ESPNfirsttake. Lmao
Tomorrow is gonna be the longest day ever!!
Sometimes bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Back to normality! Poem writing is the true therapy!
Don't you just love chorus midterms -_-
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 78
Just out of great session on social media. Full of ideas to act on my library's "Why" and some reading material.
Manufacturing marketing research finished, can't wait to publish the white paper later this week.
The heat are dirty. Wade doesn't get his own way. He is a dirty player.
I want to learn how to order like a PRO at Starbucks... "Tall skinny triple mocha hazelnut skim latte whip" (But what the hell did I order?)
12-hour day at the law school. 11:58pm departure.
I just realized everytime I hear name I just stop everything Im doin
Friday Oct 7th - Sunlife Stadium - Kings, Queens & Individuals competition!!! You don't wanna miss this!!! 7pm to 2am...
RT lol ": *ATTENTION FEMALES* Remember #ThinkLikeAMan is a just a movie. To think and to be are slightly different!"
Money talks bullshit walks
Time to sweat it out on WOWY-the online gym on beachbody. Join me as I go INSANE!!!!!- It's Max Interval Plyo day.
send us some info. Thank's for thinking of us!
I grabbed a drink and my iPad and hopped on twitter. I have talked to many people and all have had big increases.
RT : journalists at group Q&A sessions, don't be "i have three questions" guy.
Thai Style?
Funny thing is we could be talking about 's ideas and qualifications, instead of defending her decision to refuse an interview
Counting the days till graduation.
*awake* (or at least bipedal), dressed, and ready for #dplawest!!!
