beautiful evening for sunset pattern work. Not busy ... need 1 more x-cty before the FAA checkride. Are you flying this weekend?
“: The office diversity training episode”lol
#InstantTurnOn a guy who ambitious !
Mad genius scientist has gone rogue in the Amazon jungle...or has she? State of Wonder by Ann Patchett,
RT : BWI is the best airport of its size in the world, according to a recent survey.
We're next
I have not heard of your music yet. I just checked your link and myspace acct inactive
Sometimes it's nice to have a lazy Sunday just sitting around reading a good book.
come to our general body meeting tomm have a little surprise for you all (-=
Should be interesting to see what Apple has to say tomorrow about plans for its massive $100B+ cash hoard in much-anticipated announcements.
Marquette finishes strong - 54 tied for first
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're doing well!
I'm breaking up with SunChips. I want biodegradable. Plastic bags in landfills are worse.
America competing in the global market with electronics and cars
Can we please have an award show without Taylor Swift.
We do! RT : Love Maryland history? Maryland treasures? So you'll like what we're unveiling in 10 minutes, NOON.
#IamAStanBecause He's perverted and crazy
Why do so many apes in zoos develop heart disease?
Please wish my friend happy sweet 16 today :)
Ex-#Brewer Bill Hall is back in the major leagues... Baltimore, to be exact.
Looking forward to testing some new recipes this weekend
its not chelsea guys. c'mon
go gophers?
I've literally spent years being quiet on this Twitter. Now, I dare anyone to shut me up. LOLOLOL OutPast30 is back with a vengeance, Yo!!!
I like to read, only there are not enough books in the world :)
DJ Beach tonight at Chi Cha!
Thanks for the shout out!
Only if I can play the rusty trombone...
Re: Eval Process: How was the process/tool created? How was coherent, cohesive PD Plan created?
#NP- The Roots feat. Common - Act too (Love of my life)
Thx for the K+!
Josh Koscheck Shows His Mansion And Cars Off!! (video)
I've been getting email spam that just contains an inspirational quote. It's like a fortune cookie, except without the orange beef and shame
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when ppl smile in your face and talk about you behind your back
yo what happen?
As a teacher, the best I've heard was: "The police discovered grandma's crop so we had to go to court yesterday."
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. Flip Wilson
Delayed, SEA --> SFO though feeling very zenith about it.
“: “: cheat day is it? LOL” omg... I'm so ashamed lol. Almost took with me! Lol” Busted!!
Get these lame niggas off stage
good luck sir
How many balls have been lost to the catwalk at Tropicana this season? cc
you look pretty!!!! like always you could be a princess!
• Yeah but he should have blocked the plate instead of letting him slide home.
Amen to ending the Chiefs version of the SSB. Always thought that was inappropriate - and SO '00's.
Excited bc Is going to do More YouTube videos
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! THX 4 THE FOLLOW! PPL FOLLOW THEM! THEY HAVE 100% SWAG
I LOVE you
omg, nick, i was like 0.o that's rude!
World: I have finished my grading. Let's celebrate.
You were made to be courageous!
Loved that show when I was growing up, at least the first few seasons.
not at all... && i work to hard for whats mine!
go for it! :D We need our Fayana, and a sex scene as well lolz xD
you should come to new york :)
Why are people gettin mad because they passed to blake? he was the only one open
got bad reviews...looks like a rental.
The music industry needs to stop recycling the same repetitive pop bullshit every year. I heard this song in 99 and every Spring since.
r we still down 4 the studio this Tuesday ~?
Walking and talking with from about utilizing twitter as non-profit execs.
honestly, I didn't know that! I'm not much of a cook or baker, but I can make a mean Hamburger Helper, tho! lol
Good look mayne
love the national anthem at the blackhawks!!
Is there anyone else who is in love with One Direction???
Hi Have you started offering vegan cheese? Because I know a bunch of folks who would stop by when you do! :)
but you wont listen to btr's album and its been out for months ):
is a hoe:)
Eating a donut at Alpha Donuts for the release of Matvei Yankelevich's Alpha Donut.
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
good times ;-D
I feel sick :[
oh sorry, i meant to tease both stories for our news at 10
So happy #TeamXtina is bringing the beautiful style of Opera back!!! Love you Xx
Watching the new Kevin Hart this dude is the next Richard Pryor he is up there with the greats!
The best part about being home is unlimited salt supplies
Thanks!!! It's been fun!
Long night. Good thing i didn't have school today
“: Is it true Rose tore ACL and MCL.” no
I'd want Rickey!
I may be a bit rusty, but if the world ever needs me to climb into a triangle and shoot asteroids, I'm ready
History is-a made at night. Character is what you are in the dark. ~ Doctor Emilio Lizardo
Dynamically stuck.
he was?!
restless sleep sleep up every 2-3hrs to P. early riser never cud sleep in!
Listening to KPOP in ryan's car! Like a boss!
We gotta go with & believe the game is decided by less than TD..O/U of 35.5 is close call, but we'll
Has found a perfect space..
extra 10 actually :P hour each night of the week and 5 on Saturdays.
IM REALLY STARTING TO GET ANNOYED WIF PEOPLE THAT AHVE NO LIFE AND ALL THEY CAN DO IS GO ON TWITTER AND TALK FOR HOURS ABOUT 1D..... UGH
have you seen Best Friends Forever?
#RupertMurdoch accused of "willfull blindness" being "not fit" having "misled" time to shut it down & return to Journalism & integrity
Checking out "The Writing Weekend in Review" from 's Lyla Campbell
Pip pip!
My day was perfect ... Until I got home.
I don't need this from you.
Pedestrians with bats (Softball team) advances to championship game. Score of playoff game 17-1
Re-reading Daughters of Caliban: Caribbean Women in the Twentieth Century Ed. Consuelo Lopez Springfield
When you see a person cross the road do think, brake? Or 25 points?
If you follow Ukeycheyma on MySpace send us and @ response and we will list you here on Twitter as a myspace follower
i hope so!
Hey I Love your song All Day!(:
Omg last JERZday next week. :( do you think there's gunna be another season? I really hope so..
☺Enjoy life today, yesterday is gone and tomorow may never come...
finna hop on call of duty
Writing tip of the day: use a consistent sentence structure for ALL bullet points in a list.
Even If I Had A Million Reasons To Leave, I Would Look For One To Stay
'Between a nug and a soft place' couldn't wait til #puffpuffpasstuesdays had to tell you now. who's winning the ncaa 'ship?
RT : At #WON12, leaders report signs of progress, call for collaboration and more intensive efforts to address...
Made it to see Wedding Belles on Saturday. So great! Loved the house and gardens too. So beautiful!
never had that, but sounds amazing!
I love your song! Keep it up :D
aw don't be
Turner answers with an unearned run in the second and we r tied 1-1
How did I even wake up this morning?
she's a joker and gets it a lot so she probably would have messed with u and pretended to be me for a min
CCPE conducts book drive for children and young adult books! Bring them by today!
twitter twitter
r u asking me a question
Still working on it. Hopefully a lot more in the next couple months. Been focused on other things lately...
I really need to stop the afternoon naps ugh...
think he'll slip
I'm in the same room as Eli manning. Pats fans should I assassinate him?
tweeting that is, saw an article about "wayward tweets" ha!
hi ck us out we have a song for u.
calls me at 1:46am to tell me it's Justin Bieber's birthday
Pumped to see get punk'd tonight.
Did you notice that you now need armed guards to tour Organpipe National Monument because the Drug Cartels control it? Great job Napolitano.
That would be crazy............crazy in love with the woods, that is.
playing a bad guy is not a stretch for dan. How about a gay football player with a obsession with cyclist?
It's Going to be A real Hot one today, Drink Liquids if your outside in that Sun...
"The vitamin string quartet" are amazing!!!
I wanna know your name name name....
I'm pretty sure I know that you know that I know it
Had a great weekend. Now back to this day job....
These fucking pinwheels my dad cooked >>>>>>>
nice...hope we play well...i think we will
You know you're a girl if you had seen Mean Girls before.
Time for a shower. After cleaning my house I kinda need it.
lemme get the keys ill go now.
The Man.... Joey Votto
So thankful for everything I got this year for Christmas. I received way more than I asked for & deserved. Love my family. :)
Tonight at 6:30: on typeface design, his work, and !
All right. Let's get to work! Got some sweeping to do.
"Kindness is the gateway to communication"
Need tools for linked data, bridge gap between catalogers/metadata mgrs and programmers/coders
This Friday is #CustomerAppreciation Night!! B/c of you loyal tweeps we're throwing a 1 nite bash w/ #FREE Admission for Everyone!!
Took a valium laying in bed watching sweeney todd trying to sleep :(
- oh yeah, Cbus and down to Lake Cumberland for some tubin' and waverunnin'
Karaoked for the first time last night *checks off bucketlist*
your drawing today was beautiful... you should really become an artist LMFAO
i feel like i'll always be second best.
yes, I love when other people are having shitty times as well as myself.
for real! I'm pretty sure it's made up and they just put stuff on the sidewalks to trick people
i'm starting to get pissed bev!!!! Heather is going down!
Dude thinks he's so badass for riding backseat of his friend's car.
I'll say it again ALL THE GREATS put in work at some point, Thats the #KillerInstinct Lebron lacks...along with a ring lol
Lovely! Sounds luminating!
Seriously so fine...
I've almost hit 3 animals on this 10 min drive
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Are you reading my tweets? Okay, good. Just making sure;)
WMC....when did music sound like a microwave fighting a refrigerator using pots and spraying static at each other....wtf? Bekay
from that interview, it sounds like he could go someplace that could teach him how to read and speak english
Nosing (verb)- putting your nose on somebody in public w/o them noticing
If you learn about something cool in NYC from traditional media, it's already over. Same goes for bands and concerts...
Mike you and I are going though similar journeys. Good luck man!
Remember: There are no "former Aggies" -- only former Aggie football coaches.
miss you joseph
oh hell yes. I've never seen Bad Brains live, I am embarassed to say.
Oh how I missed you :3
We have a pretty delicious speakeasy drink list going right now, and always willing to take suggestions
Working with teachers on their #donorschoose projects. Thanks
Okay so plan A didn't work, what's plan B? Sometimes I feel like our country is just lost...
I love you ! ~ #AprilFools!
God morning #thatcampva12!! It's a lovely day for camp.
Thanks #glee for performing a #kellyclarkson song!!
Anyone in/around NYC tonight and want to meet up?
Study of thunderstorm effects on upper atmosphere, climate
i cant see that you meannny >:(
not sure I offer much in the "potent quotables" category, but glad you like my name...
Hi Marc, I would love to have you on m radio show from Jerusalem, Israel!
Cinco de mayo is saturday! Where is the best place to get Mexican food in the DC area?
Yes. She was engaged; got dumped; now SHE'S BACK.
I always ask my dentist for more than just one complimentary spool. If in a pinch, try a stretched out piece of plastic bag.
Haha yes. The dude actually headbutted me. A very sad, poor, and weak man.
DAMN STRAIGHT
Don't reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen. Always sound advice.
Summer 1 for me. Bummer. It'd be a great time 2start a summer lunch group! RT : nope just summer 2 how about you?
Boys that can dance. >>>
Waiting on for lunch as usual. But I'm outside so I don't mind for once.
Hey Justin, You should join the #WASFAA Federal Issues Committee :)
#welcometonap Home of JenoLo Clothing! Indy ProAm happening 2night...best balling talent in the USA
last tweet...soon they'll be stealing from aada too...
Well I guess I'll go to bed now
First day teaching in the galleries! Favorite kids = the ones who don't sit on the art
Today's special relationship word is PRAISE
Help-Portrait: offering photos to less fortunate Dec.11th from 3-6pm. Holy Grounds Cafe @ Eastbrook Church 5409 N. Green Bay Ave, Milwaukee
Seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldnt have… And then I end up effin’ with someone I shouldn’t have
so much truth in that statement!
sak passe? To you too Ha!
Seek peace online though art and words for 9-11.
Russell Brand testifies as a blind woman inside China's secretive U.N. leadership?
CAPSEE Director Thomas Bailey expresses confidence in states' ability to learn from each other, pursue productive methodological discussions
Tonight proved to me that I'm still to young for some things and I don't think I want to grow up just yet
Speaking today on the Mind Behind White Collar Crime at UT Dallas Naveen Jindal School of Management’s 7th annual Fraud Summit. Go Crowe!
not when it start... Bit it came just in time
True enough. Dr. Ralph exudes integrity, authenticity, and self-awareness. But, I'd rather hear the phonebook recited
Don't bother talking to the same person twice. They're just going to repeat themselves.
did you see the tracklist for 's CD? =P
the guy that likes me on this thing called field day we have, we had to do tug of war & he was in front of me I was like
W.T.F no service again!!!!!
hopefully i get the full zoom lense(;
WATCHING YOU GUYS RIGHT NOW ON YOUNOW <3 !
you got me. Go Kentucky! You're at the game right?
what it do fam!!??
i think im homesick. o:
So ready for Packers Football!
Las Vegas Boulevard is closed this morning, so access to the museum can be found via Veterans Memorial Drive. Thank you.
I heard it was 80 degrees today in Charleston & beautiful. Hope you all got in some good beach time. Wish I was there.
It took me so long to get my internet working, and just as I did, I went to the page and it said the live chat had already ended:(
Miller: fundamental rethinking needed fir lub data to be used in wide range of applications; currently high barriers to sharing
sorry, little spoon
but I want magic shoes that will do that for me!!!
#Imagine Creation- Dark matter stretched out across God's canvas... but He saw a garden of vast beautiful life.
everything is....for a price. :-/
i'm naming my first-born abby oklahoma joe's bemis no matter the gender.
Went to the UFL Mountain Lion scrimmage tonight to watch Scott play. It's crazy but cool to see him running around the field again.
What are your #NewYearsEve plans?
I think I'm gonna start calling rolling papers 'Angel Wings'.
LOL They Wild
Last performance today ! <3
Sometimes when... you loose your way, It's really just as well, because you find yourself... that's when you find yourself - Brad Paisley.
131461112 we've never talked before, but that should change. i like your account
I fully believe I'm dead by age 50-60. Heck I'd say 75% of my generation will be too, if the world doesn't end before then. Lol
I bet everyone is having an epileptic seizure right now
Busy day with our DP and AD going over shot lists and scouting locations. 13 days to shooting!!
Boo, orthodontist. :(
It's opening night for the Columbus Clippers! Who is headed to the ballpark tonight?
I think is Talk amongst yourselves.
When you become a legend, pants just fit better.
that made my week.
Your not alone for the dreaded QLC! Check out the 4 girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com for some inspiration! :)
My daddy Vaughn Braithwaite will always and forever be My father :)
Today's Fat Tuesday ... which means tomorrow is 1st day of Lent. Are you giving up anything?
So eating more lemon cake ISN'T the same thing as writing a paper?
thanks girl<3333 love you
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to getting for you.
Need some emergency moving help in Portland, Oregon tomorrow AM in NE PDX. If you can help, please email us at . THX!
Can't believe there's going to be 8 keynotes at #codcon12!
Bible !! Some people should not even own dogs !! Your dog is dying and you can't even take meds home :/
Absolutely super talk by Pamela Samuelson of #eff at Rice U re Google Books failure and next steps!
I'm not worried about it.
yes...yes you are.
More thunderstorms!!! I love it.... Watching the rain fall with a drink in hand - there goes this Sat night!
Yes it is! Can't wait!
Leading physiatrists says: if your love of Instagram is reduced by Facebook's acquisition, you probably need to get a life.
Missing my Jacob, but I know Mexico is treating him well.
oh you know i will
It's difficult to judge a hotel...different people have different opinions. People should stay at Hotel Del to decide 4 themself
I just can't get over anyone else? He's just amazing and I hope one day he finds a girl as amazing as him :)
A new 36 Percent Project logo and site are underway! Stay tuned!
Heading to Licking Co where authorities are tracking possible sightings of the Zanesville exotic animals
On that struggle bus with , & ! Anyone want a no drip cup?
Maybe more an oxymoron than a romance series? New #collectiondevelopment data: No circ at all for reality-based romances.
you already know. I can sleep when I die. So for now,
#NowPlaying On My Mind by ♥
Thanks Mark! We appreciate your help and can't wait for this weekend!
When the results of your faith seem slow, don't give up! keep putting the word first with patience and you will receive the promise of God!
party people! have you seen any top notch websites recently that i should know about? grazing the internets for
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
Wow.The faster I read, the easier it is to pay attention. Why didnt I figure this out 13years ago when I started my reading career
Ok well Daron just stole my heart.
So proud of my arts journalism students who threw a great event for 20 artists, testing live v real audience engagement
they should have brought in someone to handle her and not kick her off
better tell me who this is lol
Give Mr. Bill Bellamy a shout out from Sean E. Cooper Multi-Talented Comedy Impressionist from Las Vegas Luxor Hotel Fantasy show
Thankful for the heart at which love & encourage pastors! As well as how they love me & !!!
": fb"Huh? R U asking for my FB or r we friends already???
Finished great week with John Martin consulting. Ideas schmideas. We got work to do.
All diets work and all diets stink. You will decide whether yours will work.
f..king wow
o ok. that was common sense. GBR.
(and anybody else who is wondering!!)...working on new songs! Wrote yesterday with my good friend Carolyn Dawn Johnson!
Just bombed the Biology Quiz... And it was open note
lmao i love how you already knew who that was about (': mwah
Toured the Harvard Film Archive today with
Say "beer can" in a British accent. Yupp, I just taught you how to say bacon in a Jamaican accent! (:
well they get two votes so you are outnumbered
Maybe if catches us #WatchingCommunityTonite with its #Dreamatorium episode we'll win a hoodie.
is going to have fun later today.
I am too. At least you have a good reason.. :/
Thanks to Sisero, Dimension Cuatro, Conciencia Total and Insignia hds for adding a lil flavor to the Beer Co stage!
well im sorry if i'm such a busy woman. haha!
RT Bummed psycho Spangler is over and out.
#oneanddone indeed...but hey I like her style #sexualreference cant wait to see you saturday
>>yeaaap working at this very min..very soon
": : but in doing that, they lost fans who really liked reyes." Yes they did. Again ungrateful bastards.
shoot, saw this after I ate lunch... might have to consider it for dinner :) Thanks for the heads up!
Sorry to that girl who don't know what love means
some of these same fools were screaming money team last nite. Mayweather going to jail for hittin a woman. Nobody talks about that.
Barely getting ready for banquet :b
I'm always ready for more trainwrecks...bring on Eddie
Up early in the morning,yelling to my neighbors like what's up
Ok thx to BBs movie I have 2 girls crying on my shirt wtf snot sex
your an AMAZING singer! you need to get signed by someone! by late 2011 or early 2012 a record label will find u! ima MAHOMIE!
#vabedraces ready to go!!!
When is the #FireGDF tag going to become en vogue?
Bari Sax is where it's at! OH MY GOD, having way too much fun...
A Review of the Best Natural Breast Enhancement Products?
PLEASE FALLOW ME!!! ( jazmyne i did that on purpose)
Feathers...just a fad or here to stay?
With the convergence of the Knicks implosion, the trade deadline and March Madness, Twitter just might blow up today.
Thank God!! RT : Police say the missing 9-year-old girl has been found and is safe with a family member.
which rock star did jennifer nettles have a #1 hit song with? tweet me back with the answer...random draw at 5pm of all the correct answers
but..but I like it slave
some days i wish we were all children again, cause then we would still be colorblind.
wish u the best sir. Keep me posted.
Had the BEST Facetime chat with my amazing college bestie tonight. So fun to see her again. #sistahsforever xoxo
today is only day 3 for me and I'm not wanting to kill everyone
Dang!! I dressed up again and we didn't have too... I have got to start paying attention!
Great job on the EPT stream bud. GL in Barcelona
LolI guess so.. I live in NY I would be lucky if I ever get to see a glimpse of him(:
Michael the slacker-looking rehab counselor with long hair who looks like Ashton Kutcher at his worst: Never in a million yrs.
And my computer/Internet nerd skills pay off when I figure out how to watch a live feed of nba finals on my computer.
That was an exciting first period hang in there boys!
very cool! I love Duluth (Duluth Pack and Split Rock) If u make it to Madison, let me know. I'll get lunch
and you’ll do it despite rejection and the worst odds and it will be better than anything else you can imagine.
I thought DT took you out to do some turf grass research #hedoeslovehis"boardmeetings"
We are working Sat.
Its called a Cloud or a Horde. I like Horde, myself. =]
okay, so when do we open this shop? :)
Happy..Birthday..Sis...love u!!
this. guy lol
Vote for me!! I answer the phones ... so a vote for me gets you closer to Barney tickets. :)
I'm ready to see clouds moving really fast across the sky in movies again.
Watching dvd of Jr Lady Aces vs Carlyle what a game #3 awesome as 8th grader
Our First Friday opening is actually on First Thursday, as in tomorrow night. Reception for our SUPER exhibit, 10 Yards, is 5-9. Come by!
thanks for the RT!
today is gunna be an annoying day, i can feel it
I never knew they had one. Lol
your set to go
So angry with myself 😒
Gretchen from the Real Housewives of Orange County just confirmed! She's going to be on Twin Cities Live tomorrow at 3pm on channel 5!
why thank you.. check us out on facebook.com/theslidersmusic and keep in touch!!
I work hard to get that industry quality sound, ain't no stoping me!
RIP Junior Seau
Good ol' giving the R2i guys some manly fashion advice yesterday. Black sox & sandals. ( )
when a good thing goes bad its not the end of the world!!!
#kids Cutting-Edge, Money-Saving Couponing Class at Norris Conference Centers-Fort Worth/Sundance Square, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Learn...
Sent out some posters this week! Check your mail!
wait u sent it on twitter right?
Sigh. So true.
I think definitely. It can be GaGa themed. We'll have glitter.
Thinking that's it's weird when your classmates tell you that you're really flexible because in class you feel like everyone else is better.
can i get a shout out?!
Be sure to follow us ag and LIKE us on FB. We’ll post this chat transcript there www.facebook.com/achieveglobal
You would come back to MKE and not see people.
As long as you are enjoying! Too much work to get ready for Ag Day to sneak out today.
WHEN WILL YOU POST ANOTHER VIDEO ON YOUTUBE?? /:
So it's not? LOL
I just bumped that whole mixtape at the gym brahhhhhhhhhhh
Thanks Tweetie!! Appreciate that!
i hate that. i never considered myself pretty, but i never consider myself uglyy.
Just saw a UMASS Dartmouth sign thing...
Crestline Homes will not be in this year's Homearama. I'd like to see more of a housing recovery before taking that risk!
#milwaukeebeerweek festivities continue! Stop a Wolskis tonight 8-10 for free samples of Witty White Wheat.... Happy Thursday!
Cause Quetta didnt want to go.
ur ass too
We've been kinda under the radar recently, but don't worry! New EVERYTHING coming soon! Just knocked out a killer bass track! Stay tuned!
“: Whoa jet lag #help #needsleep” agreed , this day is a struggle!
haha they're not ready for it. are you the one who downloaded my song?
Had a dream last night with John Mayer. He told me he "wears condoms 24/7, cuz you just gotta be ready, man."
15 burpees NOW! “: i should i almost did a crunch last night ALMOST!!”
lmfaoo this is so so amazing! I need Robert to follow me so we can officially be twins haha. ;D
i know it's weird this weekend without me there. but i know you'll find a way to work through the pain. the show must go on.
usually a woman claims she has a type of intuition & that thing what you call strong luv turns 2 crazy lady
RT I want my drum programming to be on some other ish!! like murderous. so yeah. thats why I study. <- I can help wit that.
I hate being hydrated because you spend your entire day peeing
I'm not an asshole I just don't give a fuck.
HAHAHAH it's better than a Yankee sticker
Maybe we should focus more on critical thinking skills and less on standardized testing? How do we incentive quality teaching?
hey you. IG owns my brain now. I check this once week?
I'm taking the day off . . .yes, I know it's shocking!
everything you say is unbridled stupidly ... The broncos have a below a average ... Tell that to Miller doom and bailey
Justin's last tweet got me so happy i was speachless. I just stood there staring at the tweet omg this dude. Haha
me either! I also can't wear green.
and I approve of your new kit's boob lasers!
LOL me too
#ALA2011 Attending ALA Virtual Conference 2011 and listening to keynoter danah boyd on Privacy in an Era of Social Media
Craving California Rolls...
In an amphitheater full of SD's dance community for the first time in years ... inspired. FUSION 2011 at UCSD Rimac Arena. Good times.
anyway.. hope to see the real you soon :)
Lost a lot of followers, who wants to be followed?
#TeamVic taking the pressure from all sides! #GIANTS need to provide the defense to get him in the end zone. Crazy
Lovin this #Hoodie weather
- I like, thanks!
Ladies LOVE country BOYS!! 
RT : .: The faceless PR professional is going away. You need a face to be credible
Everybody in your life can't handle the anointing on your life...
Nice start for the Bears! Still gonna be a tough game.
of course!!
Bitch, can you not read ?
Today is my last day at Yale after 13 years. Wow, feels unbelievable.
---> ! : The #Bulls training staff has just cleared Taj to run a marathon
Are you #stoned yet?
Michele + Carter + Bed - Protection = PERFECTION<3
obessed with take care by drake an rihanna favorite song an without u
Health chief: We have never wanted &#39;drinking kills&#39; labels (News)
Talk about dedication: 's delivery driver got my lost suitcase to me last night at 1am in a Colorado blizzard. Thanks!
That's awesome. \m/
Work tomorrow and Tuesday hope this is not a new tradition my district starts.
By this time next year I will be working 9 jobs and failing at least at three of them. Catching up on years of grading.
Yay!!! i finally got an IPOD TOUCH!!!!!!
GOOD MORNING, DC!! Visit Art Under Pressure today and make this Gray Day - a COLORFUL ONE! 4807 Georgia Ave. NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20011
praise the Lord!!!!
Folks, if we win this game we go to *finals* of Big 12 Tourn. Wherever you are, pls send *all of your Hook Em Horns mojo* to our team!
A super nice posting by Melina at Peace Industry, about my BF's gorgeous Monterey cypress slab tables: blog.peaceindustry.com
Yo u balled out 2night keep doing ur thing no silly fouls n driving it to da hole #HeatNation 4life
Its nights like these, where its cool and collected and the sky is clear, that make my anticipation for June 14th to come faster.
my mom is a librarian. #solidarity. in unrelated news, i'm visiting SF in a month.
Tracking backing vocals went great today. We also tracked guitars. Liz rocked producing today with our guest singer.
Man 's New music video for "Two Up" is off the chain!! Must see crazy video. Great job bro!!
Note to all...if ever visiting the projects of BK...DON'T GO TO THE ROOF...def almost got arrested today...
you scared me for a second there ya mama u r so energetic about mars!*_*
Ch.9 Indeterminate was created to take what into consideration?
Anyone with Google+ invites willing to share one with someone that would truly appreciate it?
Michael Myers Is scary! No joke .
I know my move for today :) ..
your mouth or the sunroof :)
So im totally loving the show
still, go back to your Harold face!
Good food, good drink, good company at Justine's
btw I love his ears lol :)
Just discovered the media buttons on my keyboard control Spotify.
Nice night. Thx U
Dang looks like shoulda bought a lottery ticket.
#Remodeling puts you in a position to be ripped off and inconvenienced. I show people how to avoid both and to achieve excellence for less
I would, but I don't have cell phone bars!
I Thank i have the Best Followers on Twitter
what ones what 3 women would you invite to be members at Augusta to complete your foursome?
wow icant believe you would say tha
Do you know how many people can name all 10 commandments? Not Many.
So does this put the CEO of Lehman Brothers back to the top of the FBIs most wanted list?
SIX WEEKS UNTIL THE BEACH!!!!!!
Thank you so much! It was tough to keep up with all the comments, publisher notes and requests, but the shows should only get better!
They are going up as we speak. :) Links soon!
glad you had a good time, we loved having you!
I love The Shins. Good, springtime music. RT : in my happy place... listening to The Shins
Weird how my verbal skills have gone in the dumpster
Everyone just started singing the Pokemon theme song. Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
i think that should be the official nickname of Wednesday
Hi Jo!!! Thanks so much for following Michelle and I and thanks so much for the best wedding photos ever! Gary
Wearing fake Willie Nelson braids today.
TY v much! I'm here anytime! Let me know how I can b of help! Lking fwd 2 it!
Blkmen dating white women is come up.
buddy holly
Jake, youtube is doing a live broadcast of Coachella. They're up next.
can you tell your boys to follow me please?<3
yep it is definitely NANDOS :3
Almost as sad as the number of people who actually care.
There is a tremendous knowledge base shared by all the cities & especially from those who did past years.
Almost missed the operations meeting cause I was listening to Death Grips too loud in my office.
S/O to all my new followers!!!!
Knicks lose, guess Jeremy Lin isn't walking through that door. Those 15 minutes went by quick.
Always a good "Plan B" option! ;-)
About to hit at Beer Geeks. You know any place with a mural of Spock drinking a beer is alright with me.
« These are wonderful people to follow: »
gota go bac to sleep im so tired i need three more followers till 200 com on ha ha nite nite every1
I have no time for people who make no time for me. #justsaying :D
Really nice shoot featuring emily blunt
Abused today by the masseuse - and it hurt so god!
So perhaps you need the right coffee in moderation.
Asheru and Wax ! You forgot them
Have we mentioned that The Cat's Meow will be back tonight for our bi-monthly $15 manicure+martini special at ? Manis 10-1am!
Great show tonight! You we be missed Ryan Shaw! Hope everyone had fun!
i know! so nice. sitting here teary-eyed at how sweet they are
Dear CPD, if you must run a red light, please flash your lights and siren. I would prefer to make it across the street unmaimed.
let me host a mixtape for central texas
What I do? RT What you wanna do is hush -_-
Hi! What's the process for creating the apps? How do you choose what to focus on?
If puts any advice articles on their front page for new graduates the number one tip better be "don't lie on your resume."
At OSG setting up for some IOS app development
every day
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it. ~William Arthur Ward~
Thanks a lot! and thank you very much. You're awesome too
Waiting to get home. Tired is an understatement.
LOO here we go!!!!! Lol RT : Serena Williams should release a sex tape..no more rappin for u boo boo
Opera Goers! Don't forget to check in on 4sq tonight!
if i was a bunny & i wanted to bang bunnies, i'd bang lola!
Could of been inlove by now if it wasn't for him
Hi...this is Kelly joining in from Cincinnati. I'm a high school U.S. & World History teacher. Great to be here!
Digging the work vibe
Gonna get through this day with some good ol' Bitch Magnet, or maybe even the Digits. Something mid-range and harsh, I know that much.
dropped by the other day .w/ johnnie B..but you were out and about!
Support milwaukee county parks, restaurants under the domes. Tonight 6:30 to 9pm.
Lol! I know I'm mad late
that it does my friend
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing."
Somebody went a bit too far Yonder.
im so tired this morining ....imma be falling to sleep in classes.
so we ar emarried now? cause hunny you wont win :P
You changed a genius Wes Anderson-esque username to this? ..mer...merrr.....
What an anniversary! Partied w/amazing musicians in Nashville, came home & taught #yoga to 80 yogis &now hubby is cooking!
Par for the course. #evenworse RT : A nine iron off Josh Beckett.
So I was thinking about defriending a lot of people on facebook...then I found out defriending led to a double murder. I guess i'll keep em
What day is today? Ugh, I hate it when that happens.
We <3 our moms! Moms get FREE General Admission or discounted $22 tickets to #Titanic this Mother’s Day with paid child admission!
Barnes & Noble Launches Nook Tablet
Tonight is our last night & we are OPEN for you with Amazing Savings. We are selling historic autographed pieces of Outwrite Authors wall.
ok due to rain delay watching first NHL game in a few years, 5-1 Boston in Game 6. 3rd period.
My latest T'Shirt ~ Critical Thinking: The Real National Deficit ~
I'd slam her like a screen door. Unless she's one of those "MTV Moms" then I'm just kidding.
two more days until opening day in Milwaukee, I will be in left field before the game conducting the color guard with the army!!
Still back from Spain.
feeling a rain hangover but glad I wasn't sucked into a sinkhole while driving
Just met ! Excited for tonight's show!
I've been in that situation (being same height in heels). U know what I did? I put on some flats and married him. Lol!
My new mini CD is now available for purchase on CD Baby! Thanx for the support!
ur . no matter what i will alwyas love u
i havent talked to u in a while.......:/
That's enough for me to spend $3 “: Checking out for iPhone, pretty slick so far.”
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW6
nickels are heavier, more threatening, and more effective. lmao
That girl is POISON
I wish she talk to me
I'm good thanks you
Just nommed hard
You all on twitter are GREAT! I have a few ideas abt leading a support grp... :-)
Congrats to and the whole Bon Fam!
Bunt every single at bat RT ": #Brewers offense struggles through 8 innings. What would you do to jump start this offense?"
Sean Breezy , really?
Nice photo, thanks, I didn't shoot it before I dropped it off
I think it's so funny Lolololz. Hense why I'm laughing
New username
Holy moly!! Thanks!
thanks for the love...now hopefully I can get my follow lol...o.0
Thank you so much. God bless you :)
Such a beautiful day in Fairbanks today - about 80 degrees and sunny skies. LOVE it!
i was ready 4the "farm character" to die. It was fun to watch it burn. Prison next and to find out the actress playing Michonne
Trying to go to bed and do laundry at same time
RT : Interesting/ Masai said he feels the Nuggets "got killed'' in the trade. But he said he had to do it.
I know you did! I already have my midnight ticket!!!!
Time for Kansas to sub in Toto and Auntie Em and call it a nite
Yes here I am :)
Exciting opportunity for a seasoned Processing Manager to join our team. Connect w/ me for more details!!
Trying to book some flights to Chicago to see a old friend but they got expensive quick. Need to justify this with some meetings.
thanks! will do!
#FF Music supporters we solute you!
Thanks kindly for the Retweet!
You just tweeted your 1,000th tweet. How do you feel?
we still have time !!! C'MON LAKERS
ha! Nice..
Get Your Sexy Back Bikini Wax Starting @ $20.00 Add under arm for $15.00
Just do what you say you're going to do and what you're supposed to do will fall in you're lap..
I don't think she hates you. I know she's upset about Trouble & I so understand what she's feeling. I'll call in the morrning.
Looking forward to meeting fellow vets in Broad Ripple as we conduct our next retention membership drive tomorrow.
Hope to see some of ya'll tonight @ Reno's Chop Shop.
Dayummmmm, tweeted more than 300 times today :|.
Thanks for having me! I'll send you my OkCupid profile if you'd like to suggest any edits.
Fight the urge to fall asleep. Must stay awake! Ah..
Don't you hate it when you catch someone taking a picture of you all creepy. Plez stop. Ask me!
JUST GO TO YOUR LOCKER.
H.R. 451 is well-intentioned, but licensure issues are best left to the states.
:) have a great day
She ain't worth a second of your time.
you're in Seattle, and you didn't come to barcamp Seattle? Tsk tsk!
happy mothers day! i love you mommy:)
Manny where you at?
That's what's up
yea buddy I like it. I'll talk to the guys
Have to eat so i can have a few drinks !
Exactly! What happened to the days when there were only two thousand on Vincent's page and they had fan pages where they talked.
Freelance Graphic Designer Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Appreciation is absence of everything that feels bad & the presence of everything that feels good. Appreciation is very powerful Tweetahs!
Hit up thewalters.org/survey to provide feedback on
My response is, "Thanks, you look nice today too!"
I only saw a little bit
Just purchased 2 tickets to 's Little Black Dress Event at Coney Island!! Can't wait...
what's on may 26th??? Lol jk!!! Can't wait :)
yes!! I'm super excited! Are you coming to Cameron's game?
Founders Award recipient David Johnson understands the meaning of giving people dignity. Thanks David.
My house and car are covered by ash. Say a little prayer for rain.
Holmes, Harvin and Decker. Which 2 do I start at WR2 and flex? First 2 have good matchups but Decker way more productive
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! :'D
Prayer is less about changing the world and more about changing yourself
decided to go with #nycmer2012 for the conference - tweet it up!
Best known for his role in the sitcom Home Improvement, Tim Allen (Tim Allen Dick) is a native son of Denver.
Great! We'll be adding more #ala12 booth signing events as the publishers send them to us, so keep checking back.
OH MY GOD I'M IN LOVE WITH CHACHI!!!!!
Not meaning to offend anyone but every time I am on 465 and I pass the sign that has three people and for each person says "I'm a mormon"...
If I die today, Remember me as John Lennon.
I don't put on no SHOW for no one. What you see is what you GET.
I love my siater haha she hit yesterday though haha
Havana Fridays was a big success! Join us every Friday Night! Presented by &
mine and Trinkaryu 's haz some Nippo dogz back a few generationz before they came to US.
being an entertainer can also get you laid and lot's of free things and meeting lots of shallow people with fake lips and heroine breath
I'm never happy with the way people treat me.
Show this Friday at Arnetic in Deep Ellum. Show's kicking off at 8:30!
I'll be sitting in at the bar downstairs at your left-hand side.
hahaha ok, when do you come back?
Feign more on kazmir to give me closure RT : assume that no1 tobe signed by Mets,but they will feign interest?
"lesbians are like lobsters, they mate for life." words of wisdom from
Man boobs are disturbing.
Fair enough. You're missing out though! Hope to see you again soon.
Awww my booski surprised me with cupcakes at work!! Yum 😊
Jimmy’s Seafood 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 Hot Steamed Crabs - Steamed Shrimp - Prime Rib YUM YUM YUM!
ppl need to get off #brewers fans nuts. We have experience in sucking for years, not greatness. The wave will continue till further notice
I know they are finally comprehensive! #bestmomsever #gottalovethem ♥ we gotta aprovechar & as much as possible :p
clearly it's mother nature moving on to being self-aware
what do you like about the Karddddddddashians
Wayne's part in We Taking Over goes hard
#TwSIG Keeping your lists updated takes time, but lots of people really value the lists. No right or wrong number of followers.
Tonight on 12 News at Ten: we ask the Waukesha County clerk about her decision to recuse herself from the Supreme Court recount.
hi so I think your beautiful and cute :)
Friday - That's all you need to know!
Is the best Male singer in the whole wide world.. Love the Music and the whole album of MAS...
The atrium in the center of the building has beautiful acoustics- frequently an opera singer practices her craft
Unique and affordable Mother's Day gifts in our retail store. Please visit!
out of control
I love you
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.-- Anna Quindle
When God calls you righteous and you know you're not, it's a pretty humbling experience.
#FF , supportive to indies!
yessir, I get back from Austin on Friday night. you still coming up?
Time is running out! Stop in today for your Thanksgiving desserts! Coconut cake, Carrot cake, Pecan pie, and much more!
i hope you have a good blessed day
cool! I wanna see shit fly :D
next time...
awesome! We have our monthly meeting the first wednesday of the month. If you DM us your email we will add you to list.
Follow me please 😊
Both political parties and their candidates don't have a "dime bit of difference" on this issue.
I think its kind of ridiculous how i have homework.....
Teagan has hickups but, I'm tired
Getting excited for tomorrow's #CoffeeConnections social media discussion at
I LOVE your bio caption!
Does it help or hurt to write "Query" in the subject line? My thoughts are: query=delete me.
Watching idiots on the news "still" on beach/coast wonder if they were smart enough to update their life ins.? 911 won't help if hurt!
Headed to Pigeon Forge for a day at #dollywood!My daughters 1st time! So excited to ride the train! :) I cant wait!
If you are an UM engineering alumni, feel free to contact me for the latest news on U Engineering!
You sagging to show off your pokemon boxers
I think we should find him together. There is no way he could resist all three of us.
High Socks for Saves.
RT : We believe #business is one of most powerful forces on planet, & harnessed correctly, can impact in freakishly sustainable way.
Going to meet with the Oneness School Initiative Looks like a great opp. to collaborate & help MPS students achieve
You're a bitch you're a bitch I'm sick of your shit
IF not cain, I'm hoping they select Trans-vaginal Gov. Bob McDonnell
Tango time!!!
man you really mailed that grantland draft article in!
Super Bowl tickets are going for 2750 to get in, wait a couple of days as prices will drop a bit. Buy before the rush next Thur/Friday!
I love our #MindReaderMoments too- they show me just how much
what a fun service! Let us know if your fans ever need catering support
Think I'll be an #OWS protestor for Halloween, which means I'm going to complain about having no candy & demand that people share.
I was hoping for something grander -- like she is in charge of protecting the Lost island or she is the owner of Cheers.
RT : MT : Succession disputes in family over inherited digital content, sites coming preservation issue? Aaron Presnall
Dominion Talent Show: Pay $5. Get depressed.
Sarah Stillman () accepts Prize for Magazine Journalism. It all began at an Indian restaruant in Oxford...
Perfect timing on that lightning strike.... Marson scores and the sky lights up. #Tribe up 2-1 in the 5th
Will send you full details tomorrow--hope you can make it!
Let us remember our Veterans and the sacrifices they and their families have made for us. They deserve our utmost gratitude and thanks!
“: When a girl says that she can't live without you, she has made up her mind that you are her future. #TLS” True...
Its cool though, we were clowning so its good haha. How you feeling today though?
“: I love seeing people I absolutely adore. Great weekend so far.” Meg took the word out of my mouth
What an awesome way to start Spring Break. :). #edcampss #sschat You'll be so energized for the rest of your break.
awww :'-( I missu too! What time u get off tonight? I get off at 1a I can come through after work.
Dubbo after school.
Thanks for the RT. ;)
Last Rose Bowl reference, a record 83 points scored last night. Badgers & Spartans have now stormed ahead of that pace (on pace to score 90)
Haha wow really?
If u could have anything money can buy what would it be?
Me, my couch, and leftovers! Have a lovely evening!
don't be ridiculous, top left and middle with a tie bar. Has Nuts taught you nothing?! :)
My last full week as a GRA at RRCHNM. Lots of great memories, but it's good to know that once you're in, you can never leave the family
also al the better way to eat ribs
I swear some girls are fucking crazy to try and fuck with and I when it comes to family
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way - Henry David Thoreau
That awkward moment when u hear kids screaming outside & can't tell if they're playing or being brutally murdered...
up too early!!
#ABOY2012 Awards are under way.
Pls stop trying to compare Kobe to MJ. Kobe is a shooting-guard. MJ was a basketball player.
Let's fuck.... ing cuddle.
gonna b w/ us 2morrow- slick name right....When u c this truck you're gonna hope Lief Garret don't show up w/ any "soches"!!!
no way
I'm creating a "Several Species Of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together In A Cave And Grooving With A Pict" station on Pandora. Here goes!
omg JB IS ON AND HE NEEDS TO NOTICE ME! MAKE HIM NOTICE ME!!!
we have met. I love We'd be happy to work with you on that. That said has webform generation ability too.
Who was I kidding..... I guess myself
AND I DON'T WANNA BE LONELY ANYMORE I WANNA GET BACK TO THE OLD DAYS WHEN THE PHONE WOULD RING AND I KNEW IT WAS YOU
It's not the dress that makes you look fat. It's your fat that makes you look fat.
What's your favorite flavor?
Tweet about me. Improv. Not being a rapper.
How does that happen? There's an auction May 21, their properties are on the tax sale map - yet they now own more in the same neighborhood.
i think you should tell your daughter right now. :D
has anyone seen the Lucky One??
i try to think about that but i dont know that song..
you should check out my follow button, i think its broken...
And I was hoping you and I might end up together...
Albino people scare me 😔
we were stuck in egypt during the revolution and i am thinking about writing a book called how to survive a revolution as a grandmother.
Bout to pass out
Greetings followers of ! We have consolidated accounts and have renamed to Stay tuned!
your beat it is good as fuck! I could see Wiz doing something with that.
You don't know yet what swag is.. But you was made in Paris..
Important to ask who is declaring the critic dead. The face of the critic is changing but is far from dead -- Gordon.
FOUR POINT GAME! Don't feel like it does it?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Love the irony of 's Ampersand playing as I leave for my anniversary dinner!
Super easy.
Anyone interested in two tickets to #HHA tomorrow? You'd be sitting with the FABULOUS staff!
About to watch the last game. I can't believe the season is over already!!!
tell him its for a big time radio station!
lets hope for the best today girls;)
Awake is definitely worth attention. Great show, but yr illustration doesn't do Jason Isaacs justice.
What are some of the top 10 Medicines that you need assistance with?
All I want to do is cuddle with you... that's it! & I'm sure of it...
Location scouting in Port Townsend today.
Hope everyone had a lovely holiday weekend! Did you eat anything worth bragging about?!
Thank you for the mention, Charlotte. Much obliged.
Margot Fassler F'12: a sounding model of Hildegard of Bingen’s conception of the cosmos using digital visualization theater
With their high draft pick next year the Vikings have to consider a quarterback...again.
Don't you love it when your parents rush you to get ready, and when you're done, you end up waiting for them..
Great seeing you ladies last night!
Being home is amazing. Gorgeous weather outside playing with the puppy
Dosh is going to follow Big Freedia inside the club , FREE AFTER PARTY!!
Wow that's to much information for twitter
have fun Chica!
We are choosing the winners for the #summersolsticeshapeup tomorrow. Good luck
I feel like I'm on drugs. xD
My first tweet from the air. The internet works fairly well.
Way to keep it together #Celtics good win!
We want to meet you on our other social sites! goo.gl/7unUD
thanks for the follow
Omg...im losing weight
I didn't know you were a WWE fan. We've known each other for a long time and i'm just knowing this haha!
Amazing lunch at #thecuriouspalette ! The florentine panini is to die for !
i am millieator
“: Melo vs LeBron.... who would win in a fight? (All Seriousness)”Melo from da hood! He friends wit my cousins
W/O commercials, it's only 2 1/2 hours so we have to play extras to get to the top of the hour so it can start all over again
you got it bro.
RT "Going to see Diana Ross tonight? Bring in your ticket stub before/after concert & receive 20% off food!"
Linked data is a data smorgasbord. --Miriam Safstrom (National Library of Sweden)
guys in the morning: i have really weird ass hair, but i dont give a damn / girls in the morning:NO MY HAIR LOOKS TERRIBLE!!! IM DOOMED!!
Lunch then off to an interview. Hopefully I do well. 
Thank you, sir!
~laying down, kissing you deeper~ Mmhh ~Grips your sexy-ass abs~
Ron Paul was here last night, I wonder if that has anything to do with it.
RT Great column today << Great compliment from a longtime La Jollan. Thanks, Pamela!
ever feel like giving up
NBAbriefs has plenty of new info
Go get 'em tomorrow !
If zombie eats the brain he cannot procreate.
LIKE! RT : I feel like whenever sumn is goin wrong or bad happening to me... God is just doin it to see how strong I really am
Rofl, yeah ♥
Question is not who to follow, rather, what do I want to hear or invest my time in. With this deluge of info, this is my struggle...
I make her come first then I follow the leader
Who is visiting Top Gear next week? Yeah, that’s what we said: Who is visiting Top Gear. Matt Smith in a Reasonably Priced Car 5/21 on BBCA
OMG the dream I had!! Um... I wonder what it could mean...
Hi Paul. I'm Bryan . Send us an email at about bulk & wholesale orders. cc
DURANT got the clutch though
S&M clubs... wow. Someone needs to do a documentary about those.
the only person who can take away ur respect is u. We love haters in hip hop.
damn, stalker much?
Thanks!! That means a lot :D
hahaha hell yeah
By any chance will you be meeting fans when you come to Chicago on June 8th?
#Packers fans are everywhere; that's one of the great things. My pals and I were lucky to grow up in GB, make annual trip now.
i want to kiss him on his little head. Is he doing better?
reliability, fast shutter speed, good zoom & great quality. Thanks for your help! And I'm over - they break!
RT When we get 5,000 followers we're giving away an XBox 360 or PS3, winners choice. At 10,000followers an HDTV!
Bacon and Marv brings the world together
Cool! Yeah, definitely do that, North Carolina. NOT.
I honestly don't get those ads. Are magnets on the car? Why are people zooming thru the air? Does Howard have his own gravity?
Who will be watching the #NBA Game of the Week? #BUCKS vs. #Knicks tonight at 7:30 ET!
"In improvisation, there is no such thing as a wrong note. There IS such a thing as a poor choice." Neil Ardley.
3 research papers all do next week! well there goes my weekend! -___-
WOW hes really good!
A "Snatch'em back"?
*3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" “No, I'm hunting zebras. What the fuck do you want?"
Hush Lol i Kno U Love Me (Justin Bieber Voice)
Well you did a great job! I commented on the blog. Hope you dont mind.
RIP Levon Helm. Will blast Ophelia in your honor tonight. You will be missed.
REAL recognize REAL!
It'd just be so great if all girls were bald all of a sudden. lol
I love him but I don't know what to do. How do you explain to someone that you have trust issues?</3
*Cough* *Cough* i'm sick as hell :-(
I still have 4 more days to make you sick of wontons. Wait for it. It'll come.
Had another great time with that special person, and it was better because we were at the track
Hop up out this pretty lil bitch n takea #twit pic
My hair used to be pin straight now it's just poop .
better follow me. he's a
lost, epic faliure and searching for success
Convince yourselves royal. Exploit the fertility of magnified being.
« Chicks gettin tatted more then the niggas nowadays...»
Where the HELL is Quentin Tarantino?
4 years for me now!
idk if you have it but Cassie just got a magazine with a big 1D poster in it
yo H3CZ my friend OpTic Revvolver said he emailed you and said i could get in ?
On my way to DC for #gradnation where I'm speaking on Tuesday.
Mesrine: Killer Instinct. Great movie. Great classic cars.
I just ate a salad... it was delicious... and the highlight of my day.
#JBboyfriend1 I love you (;
I want to give up drinking out of any plastic water botter
That's Lame School Tomorrow,Hope It Snows Or Some Thing Cuz I Anita Trying To -.-
so that's a 4 hour difference from Cali right?
or maybe stormy would be anakin? i mean, he grows up to be darth vader...
You think #Holland has walked passed a mirror since 1985?
Okay, new favorite game: yelling at the hoarders on TV.
Heading to Memphis for the opening of ICON: The Influence of at Graceland. Thank you for your contribution!
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? :)))
And more to come, better reasons to drink tequila!
Pull my hair make me arch my.back n call u daddy while u fucking me from behind....
Just finished your book. Thank you for being so honest, strong, brave. I wish you and Kennedy lots of happiness & laughter
I'm having a party tonight sis
Attention Netflix watch instantly folks: Teen Wolf expires from watch instantly tomorrow.
I could use an art dealer, also a new teaching gig. If you can pimp my artwork out at a high price or know a Drawing Instructor gig. call me
Okay So Text Me Right Before I Enter 1st Period And OMG! She Made Me :) I Miss Her >.<
my white boy nick v. got out last night nice to see people stay the same
oh no bby this isn't about you omgksnjdhdv
Surprising how quickly people raised their hands on the elevator question!
#ghettohalloweentreats RT Trick-or-treat, bathroom! Yay, Q-tips!
I SWEAR I LOVE OUR DG SO FREAKING MUCH OMG CUZ WE'RE SO AWESOME <3 can't wait for the dg chalet!) yay :D
I can't wait for the weekend!
lame. I tandem nursed because my daughter loved it, and still does.
I she's adorable, haha.
ah next time babygirl!
Vegan Carne Asada? Yep, its a soy protein crumble sauced with a spicy arbol salsa and topped with cilantro and onion for $3. Enjoy!
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal
SCHOOL'S OUT FOR SUMMER!!! Hearing Pink Floyd here. Hey... Teacher... leave them kids alone!
“: Thanks for the follow ” Ditto!!
looks cool andrew. would love to spk to you about how to enhance Now! with auto-proximity detection and content triggering.
God is good! I am so blessed!
#FF thank you! Have a great weekend.
a few of my friends are graphic designers.
The power of good writing: "Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass" Anton Chekhov
I love your new description. :)
Oh, ha! I thought you were talking about the dollhouse in your head! I love those cute little toilets! Easy to clean, too!
Wow ... not bad for a supposed Luddite.
I'll be doing photoshoots at Fitness America. No session fee! Tweet me if you'd like to set up a shoot. Good luck.
let us know if we can serenade any special events/weddings coming up! www.supertonicstringquartet.com
haha thanks for the reply lol ur single is so good follow me plz? Lol but good luck with everything
tomorrow marks one year with my wonderful boyfriend :) <3
Naughty Dog has some of the best animators, motion capture techniques and animation tech in the business.
#YouWannaImPressMe be yourself and be honest
Thanks for the
or what? You gonna eat my brains!?
The only team that could do that is the #Pirates, Tim.
Need to make it to today, as they have the only tequila on the planet that I'll drink by choice.
our sites and back up. good reminder that every thing we build will only be destroyed eventually.
Okay so far...
Watching it. She's been through a lot but she's a great artist. People wanted to blame her simply because of her fame.
#BreakingNews: # of first-time claims for jobless benefits dropped 27,000 to 365,000 last week, signaling better jobs market. Via CNN
I am so excited to see you on Degrassi, I can't wait!!!!!:)
Check the website blog for newly posted pictures from Tria last Sunday!
nope.... vegas in july
if it's up to u sis our citys in good hands!!!!!!!!!!
"Spend less time planning, more time doing." Create an agency culture that encourages taking chances. Move, test, try.
loving the Action Method from at Focus Magazine
for at least 30 minutes hahahahaha!
when do u go to school? Mon-fri or like I did a few days a week
Jus bc porn is a $billion industry does not mean the economy is well. Not every1 wants to b involved wit that jus to be $-stable!
i'm so glad you did , you made my day :) keep rockin' -ukes and jukes forever <3
Just started following , I like the idea, lets see some posts!
Thx! So same behavior in both arenas? No difference? ;)
like your blog! Yea for RAW!
Who am I? Where have you been?
#Iwouldfightabitch for some brownies right now
haha u too?? How have u been friend?
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
at the crib i guess.. lol
I like dude!
Heard you give away a free shot for newsletter signups. Has the experiment been a success?
where ya been ?!/! Haven't talked to u in ages! :-)
Feathers are a defining characteristic of the group "Birds," meaning simply that if an animal has feathers, then it is a bird.
on to recording the vocals, just tested out my new Blue mic, sounds bad ass.
T1: If they don't enter the data, though, they won't see the decision support supplied by EMRs and required by Meaningful Use.
Age is something that doesn't matter unless you are a cheese. - Luis Bunuel
Thank u boo !
Also, are you bringing me a Guatemalan souvenir? I'll bring you an Athens souvenir at 's lake house!
sexy and I know it.
Hang out with Uzette, Icky and the Alice Entourage at the Cable Car City Pub! The crew will be handing out prizes from 6 – 8PM
In other news... Water is wet. New Artists can be found dot com RT CD's are on life support.
Wowww. Awesome. So nice to meet you too!
Here ya go, girl - and here's a leg bone for you to gnaw on. Chow down
OH: Can I try your log?
wow lol. Is that the real story of the infamous Halloween at Tavern?
Haven't posted anything on here forever.........
Yo my dude whats good with you, how come u havent hit me up. yet akum can hit me up but notchu
TWITTER IS THE ONLY LIFE I LEAD.
clean underwear is a good place to start,) tear it up tomorrow T Rob,) Jonni Armani
Very sad to see County Board candidates having resorting to blatant lies to win an election.
Silly making me cry. :/
I HAVE THE BEST IDOL EVER AND IS YOU love ya
Lol look at my teammate. I'm already following you.
I'll take Minnis' ellipses over Notley's quotes any day. But I'm starting to get attached to her anyway.
Don't get used to it lol
There are a few other features, which are available too. One example of the live streaming and the live broadcasting is the cricket matches.
should have went to you know better than that!
Dear Twitter, an app update should be an improvement, mmkay? Now, roll back this new #TweetDeck crap quickly please.
Good morning
This ones for the girls about 13 high school can be rough can be so mean. hold on to your innocence
a gay boy wished for a . youtube it it's fabulouse
i'll text ya right now! And wow you aren't supposed to agree! Lol. & me too. (:
I am not interested in making people feel comfortable. I am interested in using yoga as a transformative tool to confront suffering.
Thank you for the shout out and writeup. We truly appreciate it. Hope you're doing great. Go #MKE!
Thanks ;-) . now you will be up to date with about all the important things in life, me me me LOL. Saludos a Chuti ;-)
RT>> Get Fast & Curious on iTunes! Plus upcoming & Sy Smith shows (NYC, ATL, TX, DC) & more! (RT please!)
Wow! Just got out of class and heard. No, nothing in Cincinnati, unless I'm more oblivious than I thought.
Great! Thanks. I'll keep an eye out.
I'm going to Wienerschnitzel. Who wants to join me?
yes please!
Today, I will be listening to Sermon via internet...didnt make it to Enterprise on time and the police didnt find my car
“: Babysitting ” I'm 5 and a half
Check out we have a special batch of MTYS stickers coming out very soon! And keep and eye out for our new little buddy
Playin the Prophet Bar in Dallas TX TONIGHT! 2548 Elm St, Dallas TX. We play at 8 but get here early you fucks!
Last night I dreamt that was in love with me. He was very sweet and caring. *sigh* :->
gorgeous day in San Diego for an outdoor bikini photo shoot! :)
IT WAS. Text me!
if you don't share I'm going to be jeluzzzzzzz :)
Buy 4 meals and get the 5th one free at in Chicago. A perfect moment to point out how awesome #Belly is to your pals, amiright?
Make the most of these first six weeks of the semester by eating in a new dining hall to meet new people.
Too anyone who is actually keeping up with the massive amount of art I put up tonight.... I'm Done.
Dwell Media Launches Spring SIP Dwell Outdoor
try not to get it in your eye 😜💚
.... but I want to see how well Halo 4 does against it's number 1 competitor.
ugh, get outta here 👊
Blogs » MTOD Gospel Network (Powered by phpFoX)
Told them to try Firestone Double Jack next...I'm ruining their night. They'll be too drunk to function tonight at this rate!
so excited to finally get a smart phone this month!!! #WaaaayBehindTheTimes! ;)
directed a film that would be any rap/hip-hop lovers dream. Kuddos, Ice T. Kuddos!
I love Google Docs for surveys, we've used them a lot for
"Good in Goodbye" is an amazing song! <3
So excited to be joining the team at south okc lifechurch.tv this summer!
-> Sadly, cancelled my flight / trip to Doha + #TEDxSummit -> - have an amazing time there with the #TEDx clan!
Thanks so much for the RT Louise. I hope your week has been fantastic.
Mr. Belding! I knew he looked familiar and couldn't quite place it.
Watching on this rainy day, brings me sunshine and makes all the gloominess go away!
What shows can we *not* miss and see while we're at SXSW?
who thinks 'i should just park my suv and block in a delivery truck and two neighbors on monday behind my apt ?' my new methhead neighbor !
metal show at uwm tonight
The Bellmen have 7 shows booked right now, and we are getting more and more.
hey guys. im thinking about starting an anti-bullying movement called speak up & speak out. what do u think ofthe idea?
Miss Beca! How are you? :)
thank you very much, just do not wait for the gas to get low lol
Rob Michaels "Drown" video teaser youtube.com/watch?v=wslXZN… the fist single from the "Revolver Sessions" Ep available 6/21
Can't sleep !
Nothing like some #BlueBell ice-cream after a mid-day nap!
if one defines 2.6 million as a plutocrat, what do you call a $250 millionaire a Jupitercrat?
Can't you just tell me what's wrong? Tell me everything that's going on? You left me lost and confused, feeling like I was being used
you should also shop for a pickaxe to go through the ice
oh yes
your coming to Memphis or Houston
cut my wrists and black my eyes
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to working with you on networking events leading up to this year's Dip Ball.
United Stated Debt Crisis Presentation Purdue University at Calumet in Hammond, Indiana from 6 to 8p. Call the University for more details.
The greatest tragedy is dying with our #music still inside us. Play a little. Today.
Yes II eventually found a post that suggested restarting and it worked.
yeah... You're a LITTLE SLOW !
Proud to say Bring Me The Horizon, Owl City, & Never Shout Never take up whole pages on my itunes
RT : Dave wears tinfoil pants because someone on Facebook said it stops viruses but won't stop clicking links in unsolicited emails
Ever since playing Chekhov's Irina, May 5th always feels a little like my birthday. (Name Day. Birthday. Same difference...)
terrified about starting this internship
. What would you say is the biggest benefit in flexible scheduling for learners?
I thought I made it perfectly clear.....dont send me your music UNLESS ITS DARK AND EVIL >:-(
April flowers bring May showers.
i just join the free band gang
That a search for "deep fried wonderbread" doesn't return more results might have restored my faith in humankind.
i dont have a tumblr. if i did i would tweet u a cute picture too. i love you too btw.
GREAT! Let me know if I can be of any more help. =)
Looking 4 & testing Affiliate Marketing programs. I'm committed 2 financially empowering artists & arts organizations. Trying eLitius now.
hahaha well...he's just friendly with a few..nbd
"By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before." - Edwin Elliot
Thanks for the follow Erik - right back at ya!
Thats my DOG! In my chris tuckers voice
I'm cold this morning so my son is singing me Some Like it Hot by Power Station.
check your dm
Cause there can only be one greatest of all time
They're just a little soft-spoken at the moment.
Hey I am Girish from Dallas. Can you follow me .....
Hahahah! The Force is Strong with this One! #MaytheFourthbewithYou !!!
why i am happy to have musically tickled your fancy!
Privatized publics and secrets of trade.
today I folded a small pair in the SB before the flop and called it the Vini Vici. At least in my inner monologue.
EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT IN THE WORLD AGAIN TODAY. returns!
Great seeing you again also tonight! RT : fun seeing you both at #WineODueUp!!!
#GatorNation official hashtag for #SEC Outdoor Track and Field Championships =
#Fringe I have no words. NO WORDS.
Clickbank Cash Secrets - Straightforward strategies to Advertise ClickBank Merchandise
And sometimes I just want to join in. RT : Kiddo melting down in the parking lot sounds like I feel.
Setting your alarm way to early so you feel that you have more time to sleep
then i wouldnt need to die for heaven.
Thank you for following! @
GOODMORNING!!(: How was your night!?..
I really hate muggy weather!! 😡🔥👎 #NoBueno!
My pilot looks like Robert Downy Jr. I feel safe.
It happened again. My charm touching the clasp
RT : Be sure to follow us for your chance to win tickets throughout the month! The giveaway starts tomorrow!
AWEE i have the best friend ever ! My friend left school early &brought me starbucks<3
More catching up new follows. Thx:
Heading to the farmer's market to see what the state of the cabbage is.
Practice for at least 30 minutes per day
