goodnight hernia. ;)
Trying to act natural around cops, even when you did nothing wrong.
who? o.O
Need to remember it takes time to develop a good rapport w/patients. I have to prove to each one I want to help them.
On w/ about how Rs are making it more expensive for students to attend college. Tune in @ 11am PT
#Antique Shopping in #Peterborough NH for this weekend was great! Check out the blog.
Please, Hammer... RT : Goal! 23 seconds into the 3rd Hawks go up 7-2 on goal by Gabriel
Am I weird for liking the scrolling in Lion? I find I get confused on Snow Leopard machines now.
If anyone would like to start a twitter-feud, thereby raising both our profiles: I'm available!
overheard at : "it's a commune, for lack of a better word."
now I do lol
you've met craig owens?!
Want fashionable advice for the "average" size women? Check out www.theplusinfashion.com
Love sucks
No problemo :) I hadn't been on in a while, so I hadn't the chance!
Iwas unaware that April was also child abuse awareness month, since we are active with the autism awareness movement
the delish always delivered by ! Glad you enjoyed
STRESSED...OUT TIME TO ROLL'EM...SWEAAR...
Not enough to make me take back every bad thing I've said about ABC Daytime, but its a damn good start!
really? What are your favorite podcasts?
Off to Borders & babies r us to shop gift for baby shower later. One of these weekends, I need a pedicure.
hey my twitter Fam!!!
when im sore from dance and Jared rubs my legs and back <3
it's hard, but i try to have each patron day be brand new. you were an ass to me yesterday? we'll start over fresh today.
hehe i like this. RT : My relationship with #Indianapolis is currently in good standing. DON'T SCREW IT UP CITY. xoxo
IM SO READY TO HIT DA #SCENE SIP ON SUM #LEAN AND SMOKE ON SUM #GREEN !!!!!!! LMAO
Don't forget to set your clocks back!
me too!
all these tweets and facebook posts from about being in worcester make me SO UPSET that i'm not home for it!! :(
Experimenting with Flash Catalyst and Flash Builder Betas - awesome stuff. Can't wait for production software.
lol i got ya
It's like Regis on "Who wants to be a Millionaire"? saying "We'll be right back with the answer"...with 3 days of commercials. GRR SUSPENSE
#WhenAustin follows you and your heart starts beating like crazy. RT if he follows you. <3
indeed! like hitting a snooze button.
That shit crazy
Tampico memories! The best! :)
Happy Friday!!!!
Thank you for following! We look forward to sharing Tweets!
Big difference in your and you're.
Thanks! :) It's been a long journey!
If this damn steamboat doesn't hurry its honkin ass on down the Mississippi right quick so that I can get back to recording I'm gonna freak
:) and most importantly you keep well and LIVESTRONGGGGGG!!! all my best wishes H :) J
*blush* That's so nice, thx! : anytime! I love spreading the word abt how great your programs are
2nd major A&R hit me yesterday.. Googled him.. kind of a big deal.. Thank God..
and one fabulous guy!! See you tonight!
Chunk, no captain chunk! are shit to me.
well as long as "stir-ing" refers to both pots and cocktails, I think I will be A-OK:)
mostly something like jimmy nielsen or graham zusi... Or just lots of cheering, are you sure it wasn't cheering?
Kentucky baby!!!!
True. True.
Thanks for the follow!
She brought chocolate covered bananas, Chinese food, and film noirs? It's trap.
one more
What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys I mean, really. Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile. Yeah, winning attributes
all your VIP needs and bottle service in Vegas. Contact me when your in
Please pray for me that God's spirit will speak to me as I prepare for a 1.5 hour presentation with national church leaders! Thank u!
Articulate Storyline looks amazing! Can't wait to play with it.
Economist John Koskinen: "For me, the art of any presentation is, can you reduce it to a post-it note?" No no no no no no no
I love my #twin Phara !
we need to be , along with and
lets buy one
Ive learned when you got something worth having, keep it close by any means necessary-family is everything. Money is less important.
The bartender just said "I'm too old for this song." me too. I miss classic Madonna. But not in a gay way.
can you honour what's asked for?
LOL I'm a liver destroyer ... Pass the Vodka
When I think of you I feel like a Christmas tree lit up on christmas..when i think of you i feel like 4th of July fire works..
I wish I would of never met you. ehhh
I hate doing laundry :/
do t say that 
Take a look at www.loopabroad.com! We bring teens to Thailand and Cambodia to volunteer in conservation and service projects.
This week: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Dumbday, Friday & Saturday. Hope next wk is better, or maybe not, laughter is good for you.
RT : My response to Naomi Shaefer Riley. What do you think?| : A Black Studies Critic's Willful Ignorance...
RT : Great performance last night at Jamnesty! Looking forward to seeing you guys at the Spring Party/Cultural Remix.
Just a local history enthusiast. My name's Bryson. Always enjoy your feed as well.
So after waiting 45 minutes after telling him I need to go on, he finnaly gets off, and turned off the wifi too... #Seriously!?
Ight bet. Ima check it out.
Stay encouraged Superintendent Garry McCarthy and Chicago Police Dept... we got a lot of work to do in Chicago!
but we, collectively, seem to finally be evolving into tool-builders - very exciting
i got email notifications from eventful i just hope it's true :D
it's Julian's sexy back (:
RT : What is Derrick Turnbow doing?? I completely agree with this overreaction.
ALL I SEE IS Name Down My Twitter Line .
Thanks for the RT!
accidentally calling your mum dude...♥
New bike, helmet and lock for $150? Thank you Craigslist.
thanks for the #FF!
ur right ur not pretty...... You Are GORGEOUS!! So i think its called "gorgeous sleep" ahahah
5 days of work straight.
For example, healthier people take fewer sick days.
Wayne Simmonds Sucks in big moments
Hey #TwitterWorld and #WWEUniverse how is everyone tonight
anyone experience a scratchy throat or voice loss in taking cod liver oil/butter oil blend?
We want to hear details from KC bus commuters inside the #kcmetro hearing. Tweet us!
is amazed by how quickly that rain came in, kicked ass and took names. WOW.
so ya'll should take a inspiring actor under your wing and help someone out..like this guy
It's been an interesting week in scientific developments. World's lightest material, fastest aircraft, & faster-than-light particles. Wow!
"perhaps the 'softer' the power wielded over the listeners, the more insidious the final result?"
Amen!! RT : A lot of great things happening in #culinary and #hospitality in #Indy! Keep up the great work everyone!
Great questions! Thanks for weighing in.
Reading coverage about last night's SMCRVA meeting. Interesting to see what everyone is saying.
I have 3 wives now :))
Just call me Andy Sachs.
... not thinking about shopping, haircuts, food, dentists, traffic, weather, blogs, baseball, sitcoms, reality shows, or politics.
All I've ever wanted is to pick 'is guitar and sang!
Once a belieber always a belieber on TT.... it's exactly like saying "once a hoe always a hoe"
you get credit for having enough vigilance to purchase said pair of white pants.
Happy birthday to one of my biggest inspirations, of
great! Just don't hurt anyone in the process of "dragging"
boring elevator music? lol
Why does youtube have advertisements? -.-
#OMG Added to OED bit.ly/eTytU7 via #FYI was overdue, imho, no?
it's about time I start a hip-hop persona so I too can create my own line of liquor.
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
And Roc is mine! lol jk He is cute though....
Happy summer superfans. Long time no talk. Quick pretty useless update: we've finalized our Fall audition dates. Stay tuned for them... /te
I purchased 's new album through iTunes and somehow only half the tracks are authorized. DRM is not metal.
After all the excitement you brought to the bar I hope it was on the house!
good morning (: have a good day alex.
pretty much my experience as well.. i didn't change my handle, working on a new one, pungle is slowly taking over my other one =/
Love the quality of all the products here.. My sales person Paulita is the best!
Trying to buy a gift card and it keeps telling me to try again.
Get out of Pittsburgh's terrible heat, take a Limo to your next event.
check out song 19 to 2. I think you'll like it! :)
#thatawkwardmoment when you catch someone creeping on you on the internet...
RT : No. #mlb is a highlight of #spring #summer n #fall ": Would you be OK with less Cubs and Sox games a year?"
awesome job by you, great to see a some Cali in NY, look forward to more diva material!
Happy New Year's Eve everyone! We're open until 7pm tonight, be sure to stop in and fuel up for the Jackets game or a night near the Arena!
I love the smell of you on my shirt :]]]
Why don't I know sign language?
“: Esmil pitching. ohdeargodicantwatch.” Esmil Rogers has become the new Franklin Morales
welcome to my street team and thank you for the support on facebook & twitter :) I love my fans!
This is going to be amazing! and !!!
hannah we can get on twitter noww!!!!! Yay those past four days were HELL lmaoo
Real men keep their feelings bottled up until they explode then they punch something that has nothing to do with what they're mad at lol
The End Days are upon us. I just loaned someone a book.
Beliebers And Monsters Are Flawless
Mahalo for stepping up!
yo like this semester is over :D
me and horchacha are going to lunch
I <3 you so much...<beat>...REPRESSED ANGER RAGE QUIT RT Sorry, I can't write you a letter of recommendation, because I'M IN TECH
Ron Artest needa change his name from World Peace to World War, dang that mighta been corny but i'm up n its late, wateva lol
I own a three hole punch so I'm obviously fucking important.
Not sure. She's on FB but has no interest in twitter.
We will be at The Student Book Store for blue and white weekend!
Innovations: use greyhound buses to bridge courier services, NCIP connections, ebook ideas @ DCL and Orbis Cascade. Any more?
The only thing worse than packing up all this stuff is having to unpack, repack, and unpack in two weeks.
HELLO.. NOTICED :D
Realized that our all-caps blog post headlines are obnoxious. Promise to bring them down a notch in volume.
Looks like Mizzou Arena trying to create its own "phog"...what is with the smoke-like air on this ESPN picture?
Thats what im doing and keeping faith
Students! Who wants to help out at SERVE with an upcoming campaign?! Meeting this Wed at 4....reply for details!
don't remind me...LOL
cause youre that awesome
Yikes! We need to fix this!
Hey Derek, cool stuff. Keep up the good work! C U about & around. Take care, & Cheers 2 the New Year! Hope 2 C some Piso stuff 2
#Rd2Bonnaroo lineup tonight is sweet but has got our #vote even though it's not counted!
Brrrrr!!!! Try to keep warm!
Sauteed soft shell crab and cedar plank wild salmon on the grill tonight.Yum.
Star Mentors is looking for Sponsors for its upcoming 2010 Seminar tours - www.StarMentors.com - Great opporunity to reach 1000s
#nowplaying "Relativity", Walt Dickerson. A cut several years earlier, but also incredible.
Um, ESPN, it's 5 after the top now. Ready to watch Mizzou!
Seaside or mountain?
Last minute call to all fans of funny... 401 UCB show at 1:30 today. Check it out!!!
probably who wouldnt want ?
hey i am getting ready for the high school football game cant wait HOPE we win!!:) what am i saying we r going to win yeah!!!:)
": Just caught singing no big deal" so cute haha <3
The answer is MYTH. There is no significant additional power draw when turning on a light bulb...
Follow back?<3
What said.
I'm eating Halloween candy already. Not a good sign.
" Madison police dept claims "standard practice" to ask people to see #facebook page during interview. Is this right?
what was the verdict
Whatever. This isnt something to argue over on Twitter. Dnt bother txting me. No matter what i don't like him..at all. BuhBye
chillin up trying to get this money
HAHA, CLASSIC! TOO FUNNY. if I had time I would :) u could help
And, soon...heading outdoors to catch Saturn!
not guilty
Thank you so much for the RT! Great to meet you! Looking forward to conversations!
My face kind of looks lick the nyan cat spat on it
Don't get weak during the week find your strength in time spent in Him
If I don't like something then I don't like it. I'll let it be known, I don't sit back and get walked all over like these other bitches.
I think Diana Sawyer is not really ready to hear the truth about what happens to poor black and spanish people living in Harlem
it's all good bud, just miss you
Danny Nathan, , from asked us to figure out what these innovators had in common: perseverance, passion, a bit crazy.
World War II and everything that happened in between it, interests the fuck out of me.
You should know im invulnerable to stuff like that :\ makes me wonder. Hm
I made this tea, but it's some fucking mint flavor abomination #tastelikeshit As you can tell, i'm now disappointed ;P
Feeling an epic migraine coming - ARGH - wish I could join tonight, but not feeling so hot all of the sudden.
Now that my clothes are packed for Dallas, what do I wear until then? Hmm
Wenger lost the match. Why not go with what had worked before. Trying Rosicky in Cesc position was begging to lose
ITS BEEN ONE YEAR SINCE YOU FOLLOWED ME (:
I did. : Is Chane Behanan the all time leader in UL history for blown dunks?
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy my artwork
Understood. We don't have definite date yet. Another mtg later this month. Just checking, what dates work for you?
I appreciate that the pictures are not too childish since I'll only be using it with adults
Which Card design? Those are all user generated.
you're wrong
Thanks so much! We are excited!
4402637309 alex's number
counting down the hours 'til tonight's #nats game in LA. #harper's debut and #strasburg pitching! love baseball.
RT : My time will come if I just remain positive and patient.
That Wade to Lebron pass was beautiful!
Don't forget to come in tomorrow for some brunch and the Hawks game!
great to hear u on air again w/ best analyst in the bizz best of luck to ya!
defiantely i like the idea of it. Do your thing and keep me posted, im following
that was funny!
a local quilt shop that I really liked closed its doors :(
Woo hoo! Congratuations! Where will you be this summer?
WIN! Tweet the name of any TV show or movie you see ViewSonic products on, and end with #VSTV. Random tweet wins 3D Camcorder RT!
gosh darn it..thought it was friday
I love you
Here we GO!!! It's do or die!!! Let's get it
Think outside the outside.
I Totally Forgot To Ask... Remind Me And I Will Tomorrow (:
ekeizer4 comment on Gail Collins' NYTimes op-ed: the best response I've seen to the Seamus story is a dog bandana that says "I ride inside."
Woo! A Separation coming on shortly!
As always, your RTs are much appreciated!
As mothers day gets closer...it reminds me how much it hurts 2 miss her. Seein every1 mothers day shopping makes me wish I could be 1 of em
yall heard . Let's get sumthin poppin my g's. got the banger wit us as well
say hi to the camera, we're all watching :)
Hey Craig! Since your office is in our building, we want to buy your office lunch! DM if ur interested!
I already see its gone be an off the wall day but Im still in full gear getting my pinky & the brain on! Always ready 2 take over the world!
Rango is the Citizen Kane of animated films.
hey, at least u made it to 5th. I'm barely getting thru 3rd with my boy. But it's okay cuz we're writers, right?
Richard Lugar helped end apartheid, supported Corazon Aquino in the Philippines, & wanted to contain nukes. Of course he lost a GOP primary
On a conference call. Excited about this weekends event!
Heard at #ila2011, "the command and control leadership style is dead!" Do you agree? Is that wishful thinking or reality?
Anyone down for Greys Lake today?
Creating memories.
Come on up to Providence. 's working from home tomorrow and could probably be persuaded to tour w you.
Grandad, you've been in my mind ever since you passed. Every memory seems sadder than the last. <3
#IgniteTheWriterWithin! the party is starting! Come to to find us!
Seriously? Rory just out drove them both with a three wood?
We'll have free downloads or an album out soon! Promise
THank you for your civil reply - I do appreciate it. And I believe we both want the same thing, Freedom.
: Retweet and fill in the blank, "I'd carry the #JasonWuforTarget blue floral flap handbag to a picnic."
It's wed.nes.day! Have a good day folks! :)
I have the best boyfriend in the entire world!
very proud, looking forward to los angeles show
If you are closer to 6pm, that is fine - just let me know and we will wait! I'm sorry about that!
Love isn't complicated... PEOPLE ARE.
love me or leave me alone.
Thanks everyone for alerting me so fast! My account was hacked so please ignore any DM's from me.
RT : Just had a great meeting with - looking forward to working together soon! <-Word to the BOOZER!
FML shouldn't have to budget for needless intentional destruction of property though, don't you think?
Happy 24th Birthday Spencer!!!
I Know I Didn't Know Youhh Had Twitter. I Feel Ashamed
When you have an inspired thought, you must trust it and act on it.
depends on what you want.
little does that guy know, you also want a chance at the BCS...I'd rather be STRONG than a Joker
goodnight to you! You are awesome
@(null) Speaking of the ultimate mush...
Thanks for the session last week. She loves the pictures.
as far as climates go, better a swampy vagina than a desert vagina
I was amused to learn that Alan Lomax's first version of the Global Jukebox was constructed using Hypercard.
I can't wait for montages. I love Oscar montages.
good comment by "Austin has a lot of talent and we need to integrate"
Eric Cantor is refusing to be seated at the #WHCD unless they offset the cost of dinner by cutting food stamps #NerdProm (via )
Studio close everybody get the fuck out!!!!
I'll receive a 2012 Manhattan Community Arts Fund grant from the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council for my Basement Sanctuaries project!!!
": I'm ready to see you" its been forever ! cnt wait to see you !
Good morning! It's a beautiful day on Best wishes for a productive week.
well he came out like a weirdo! Lol
Lmfao, I love harry potter <3
Happy to see the win. Keep it up.
Good morning #Albuquerque! We're knocking out a ton of production before our Taco Potluck. ;) (Don't worry, we don't eat around your gear!)
I can think of several friends who would love this funny + well written blog, by a partner of a NY PR firm: acontinuouslean.com
Where shall I lick?
me too! #CroatianSwag (;
oh-oh. i think i lost my envelope. what to do?
dont worry i got you.....i will be DMing you very soon
you... STRANGE. haha, just kidding! <3
duh im pickin uk so no
google link tv Bridge to Iran.
Walmart vs. Amazon: Can brick-and-mortar stores hang onto shoppers?
dude. Me neither. The whole album, actually.
I hate the fact that I overreact to things. Everything is not how it seems. And I hate it.
Looking at the A's-Rangers game. How is Oakland a game above .500 now with like 4/5 of the lineup hitting around .180 in the middle of May?
Too old for bullshit and games.
My #Boyfran is so #Cute :D I say "Rove Roo!" and He tells me "Wuv Yew!" xD I love it <3 He's #Perfect! <3 P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
“: . how many players you expect for main event on Sat? Thanks” --->As the saying goes, about tree fiddy
Holy cow, catering fantasy baseball would actually be awesome!
I tweet too fast... I need a twitter editor.
What is going on..
You might not want to invest in Bored to Death. I heard the show has just been canceled :(
you can never go wrong with DQ
Thank you for the #FF Enjoy your weeked.
#derby is for the .000001 percent
why would you do that?!
Craftybiz type people - what would you like to see in a productivity type post? Looking for ideas, thank you! :)
haha....actually think I want you???...umm been there, done that
Tate is a Miami "Cane"
Trappin on the porch with
So many tweets during the day and then they gradually slow down - who is willing to join Celebrity Creators contest
#FiggeStudentFellows update: venue changed to Murray Room (5th Floor of Lauinger )-looking fwd to great presentations at 5PM!
Maybe stress from the weekend, I imagine it could have been tough to deal with all of that. Inflammation from stress?
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
..... I literally got home 4 hours ago. Why am I wide awake?
Writing about Woody Guthrie may be the "becoming my father" moment I thought I'd never have.
thanks! Hope life is great with you.
i love. You millionss , pleasee read this andd follow me h i would be the happiest girl alive <3
Estonia is big leader in digital health: medical records, prescriptions, imaging & tests, appointments -- all online, linked to digital ID.
RT : Pippen and Kukoc chatting in the hallway. Scottie: "You write the next inspirational letter to the team."
Tonight's Republican debate reminded me of nothing so much as a Real Housewives reunion show. EVERYONE STOP TALKING AT ONCE OMG.
How was it ?
My babe do the damn thang
I just got home from clothes shopping for my new job and i realize i would rather wear a uniform. Spent way too much!
Guess everyone is getting ready for the Oscars....I, however, have to get ready for bed....baking call is always early..beep beep at 3am z
won a little ;-) fun times! didn't wake up married or with a tiger in the bathroom! X
Mom you're a fucking bitch
Like baseball? Want to win an iPad? Come root on the baseball team on Saturday at noon at WCTC Field.
who said we broke up?
Nice job today and
Aw. Was there a particular story/image that did it?
To this day when I hear that song I see you standin' there on that lawn, discount shades, store bought tan, flip flops and cut-off jeans
This is awful and also funny! Haha!
Welcome the new Power Tower At the OV Rec Room, It already loosened the back of one of the class members
What did they do now?
Shed Your Skin.
#GoTribe Speaking of that, just one more week 'til Opening Day!!!
Andre luck first overall pick 😱 shocker 😒
just remembered to enter 's ticket giveaway for first time opera-goers. Thanks OC & !
No boats but 2 cute kittens. They're 4oz Helen Kellers & are fluffier than mice/rats. Mom got catnip epidural. Dottie is unsure!
#clippers in second rnd of playoffs... is now on my list of "must watch" athletes
Last thought for the day: I will be a ninja of sorts.
What time? And do I have that feature?
Same here! lol
Always tell someone how you feel, because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye but regret can last for a lifetime.
At a tasting at the Good Earth Market in Elmhurst, IL and impressing people with the quality of Greek Wines!
#MNF Time!!! Love it!!! Finally should be a solid game!!! Overall a great week for NFL.
memory lane....
I live like 20 minutes from Nashville. I've always wanted to go to LA!
To the waitress at #masmalo last night: I asked for a jack and coke, not for you to do a line of coke.
drank here
None so far, as I haven't succumbed to the Foursquare obsession yet.
#Facebook Tip: Move the app that shows # of "Likes" down - people can get that under your name.
I shouldn't have told him to go to sleep. I just want to talk to him now.
I think they both
Stop giving out fucks like they're candy.
Leaving Dallas going back to Memphis going to finish my handmade spiders for the Fall Festival! Find me on Facebook for more Pics!
"People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down"
Well that was a weird re-tweet! Hootsuite fail
I had it last year. Even better than I can remember. Just a perfect stout.
Ready for Harold Henderson's "What to do When Perry Mason isn't on your side" supporting #ProGen at
Opening Day is tomorrow, what's your trick to get out of work?
When niggas wann fuck, and they girld don't...I feel like its only fair that he go fuck another girl..
hey Delia got work for you
Dope I'll check them out and get back at you asap
Kisses, McDonalds, Bacon, Music, Money, Special Cookies
Shooting a video at dobbs!
I can't help but smirk
I'm right there with you love, I have five Twitter apps on my iPhone and four on my iPad. Is that a lot? ;-p
Ah, I see. I knew they would come up under the search box at the top with or without them, but I knew nothing about trends.
The kid with green hair in My Life as a Dog deserves his own movie.
I'll never go back to the not having sex ways of the past.
CRJ's first-ever graduation this Saturday; award in memory of slain employee Aysha Ring to be announced.
My lil cousin in #Nola get on my darn nervous !
30 hrs OT this week, i'm shot can't wait for the weekend GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Finally got my bike in Austin a couple hours ago. What a difference!!
it's a wonderful day cause it is your birthday
Good luck to everyone connected with me.
i need a producer i cant get the right sound when i produce my music
10K? Jeez. Haha no! I really haven't. Good for you though, thats amazing. :O I'm not good at running. Haha.
Addison police polygraph test today. It should be a walk in the park.
How did you sleep last night? Seriously . . . Tell us about your nightly ritual to fall asleep.
Sociology. Finishing my diss now.
Have a great weekend, and remember we are available 24/7 if you need us. Have a great weekend!!
Happy Birthday Beautiful
Breaking News... #Lundqvist was just drafted by every team in the 1st RD. This guy is good!
Who has KEEK????
Correia sucks. Fin
Thx for taking time to follow~ Hope to hear from you more, especially about products in BOI~
Thank you very much.
gives a shout out to our dancers today who did an awesome job at the Harman!
lolzzz - exams all week, still lying in bed wondering whether i should get up and study nah
No, can't! Working
- Daragh, A very belated "Thank You" for the #FF last week.
yep! another 9 days
Think they know what WTF means? MT: Marine Corps: Soldiers who posed with Nazi flag thought SS symbol stood for sniper scouts
Yea #NASCAR crazy stuff in first race
I once heard a pimp say the only way 2 have the upper hand on a women is to be flyer than her
doesn't miss u, she's into non comics that have chest hair.
Once the system has been turned on, the camera will look for the game player’s body, lock onto it and assess his positioning in space.
are you going to be on tough enough of season 2
Saw you guys are bringing 70+ to Dick's. Look forward to seeing everyone. love before and after, fighting for 90!
let me know if you get away from the Stress Monster.
Do you bump tupac or do you bump biggie?
♫♪♫ Happy Birthday to You♫♪♫ Happy Birthday ♫♪♫Feliz Cumpleaños a Ti ♫♪♫Happy Birthday Ucutie pie U! I wish u much happiness ♥
Remarkable by not being remarked by media: U.S. spending $trillions in Afghanistan fighting an enemy without a paycheck.
It's all about the tone.
I can brainwash your mom. :p.
I posted a picture of you guys from last Friday on my Facebook page. Be sure to check it out www.facebook.AmberHayesMusic
Don't Chase the Dream...... CATCH the Dream!!!!
No doubt my brotha. Glad to hear it. Enjoyin some fun in the sun. GOD bless - 100
Most important job ever.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself, any direction if you choose. ~ Dr. Suess
thinks he might jump on the facebook bandwagon much to the delight of his Fiance.
So ... looks like it's #sblaar not
different as in special
If we are alone in the universe, it seems like an awful waste of space.
MT : #lrnchat Cindy Huggett, author of Virtual Training Basics, on a mission to help trainers deliver online WELL
Remember to tweet your favorite Inkd Business Card to win a set of your own!!! Contest ends tonight!!
RT : Yeah black is awesome. Its best song I ever heard. :D
what kinda stuff u thinking?
I am MORE than a dreamer and a believer, I AM A DOER!
"Lepracon" was too much...Hoboken, you almost redeemed yourself, but unfortunately you're still in New Jersey
7/22/93 My 3rd show, 1st two setter. 2nd set felt completely rushed. Tweezer>Walk Away was about the only thing memorable for me.
wouldn't it be crazy if we managed a comeback? Haha!
RT : And I love music, so everyone should keep making it.
I just tried to use my BART card in the #NY subway...ha ha ha
Would love to contribute a odd dc image or 'then and now' type series for your blog!
police boat, scuba team & emergency vehicles at Clark St bridge in Loop
WOW, nice upset at Westerns!! Rat City Rollergirls (Seattle) beat Denver Roller Dolls 139-128! Amazed my neighbors didn't call the cops.
RT : A3: convincing local officials/funders that #MainStreet is necessary for job growth/creation. (3pt answer)
The Cleveland Browns have traded up to the #3 spot, and will select RB Trent Richardson from Alabama
That awkward moment when discovers DBs. Hahaha
Any idea what we should expect to see from Orlando Arcia this year? I assume AZL?
congrats! Xo
You got me so jazzed up I can't sleep. LET'S GO BREWERS!
Putting it in my pants'll get me dates only if it looks like it's in my money clip. What's in there now falls out. Heh heh...
Memento Vivere => Remember that you have to live; a reminder of life
Had an awesome weekend in SF and LA! Made new friends and fans, now time to start preparing for the takeover!
Welcome to good burger, home of the good burger, can i take your order?
Will do - thanks!
#Livemylife with no regrets
tweeting lol bored
An unintended effect of today's rain: the smell of wet hippies at the Willy Street Fair.
thank u 4 make me believe there's nthn impossible and we should believe in our dreams i like u JB
I read that as "MST3Ked out" instead of "METSed out," which probably would have been more fun
So true! RT : you dont need motivation to act u need to act to stay motivated
I knew he was a crack head
yeah where did you buy it or read it?
Nice timing, I'm in Belton today.
haha yep! is always getting pictures that he sends her based on some inside jokes they have
what about Emelia?
ZPD out hardcore today. 5th one
Going to #ASJA? My Friday morning panel has top eds from Ladies Home Journal, MORE, and Destination Weddings on #beauty and #health writing!
Yep! A solid, responsible Camry.
just date him.
Hello, March. Come in! Make yourself comfortable- Stay a while. Jan & Feb were in such a hurry to leave. Seems all u months r in such a rush
BigXII would have them if they had more sports.
Signing out. Peace
yay! It's so light and free. Perfect for yoga time. Class tomorrow with me?
haha that's awkward but awesome :D
Just #rocked Smith's Olde Bar here in #ATL. Time to head back to
On 4/7/1972, VA General Assembly passed a bill to separate GMU as an independent campus from UVA. Tonight we look back at 40 great years.
Two injuries on same day, so you need something to blame, but bothers me the compressed NBA season is cited for Rose & Shumpert ACL tears.
i went to try and sell my guitar to get a keyboard today them niggas was only tryna give me $45 that shit goin on craigslist
No! But, related: I love your mom.
Happy Easter... Still rehearsing my Easter speech on Easter morning.... Lol some things never change.....
AH!! just bought my tickets for NYC Concert. So Stoked!! Gonna see if he'll do a cover with us.
Pujols out of st. Louis!!!!
My mind is in over load and can't focus on one problem
Huge new shipment of children's books at the Menil Bookstore. Come shop for the holidays early.
We drink a lot of tea at Twitter!
Treat part-time and volunteer executives just as you would full-time, paid senior managers. Make them a part of your team
Ew. Throwing up is disgusting.... Why do people record it? Its not funny or entertaining.
Classes online aren't so bad!! 👍👍
After eating s Doritos Locos taco, claims, " I came all over myself!"
What is the glitch you experienced?
he was so bad for us the first year we had him I have no confidence in him whatsoever xD hahaha
Just saw My Chemical Romance and Blink 182 at the Comcast Center last night. They were AWESOME!!!! But it started pouring, which sucked.
Spending the day watching some football and finessing some CSS.
Swerve... Swerve...
What Company is the best in Houston Texas?? STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!!!
ugh I know. All day I have been thinking I would have seen ed. And then like right now we would most likely be meeting him
I have no idea how that works. I just finished Fly Away Home by Jennifer Weiner & wanted to lend it to you-very appropriate!
#wheelsfinnaBup⬆⬆⬆⬆⬆ Dressed for his performance wit a nigga tweet a pic an make sure I gets my 👍👍👍👍👏👏👏👏
Going to walk around the track gotta get back in shape summertime is right around corner.
aw that's nice :)
People who don't know how to turn off their ringtone in the slc should simply
I don't know what to do anymore I finished the Hunger Games.
its just my opinion... We're all entitled to our own opinions right sam?
The cat is confident that everything belongs to her.
cam newton mania has begun!
Aye down in front! Pawn stars is on
Killing it right now!! RT : Thank you Austin, rocking Static in Pittsburgh tonight, time to
3 essays due tomorrow...not doing any of them
Thanks for the nice tweet! Good energy and great cause! Thanks for visiting!
You at Centro??
Subtweeting About Me<<<...Me Subtweeting You>>>.
Right when my mom leaves . This kid always crying :(
Just spent $80 already
omg I had a glorious feast there once, when it was like a 4-course meal for $15...it had unlimited cheddar biscuits
Well my house smells like a brewery, beer reductions on the stove and spent grain in the oven.
nevertheless one gets sense there's a real person there. you follow tons of ppl, how does your feed work? Do you ever see my posts?
How convenient is it though that this message is just what I needed to hear.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you think you're better than everyone else.
Interested in Attending or Exhibiting at the Home and Garden Market*Dallas or Houston*Info & Discounts at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com!
my spoon is readyy:))
SWAG is deceased - DIP is on deck! Ask
my wife and I do Insanity! I think you will really like it!
I should be falling over by now then!
Thanks, Marcus.
Actually Jason had a Twitter account, dating back to before the PGA Championship but it was deleted last week. Not sure why.
OH: "You know what goes really, really fast?! Millipedes, man, millipedes..."
yea you cock,smh
I love when my fav bands cover my other fav bands!! #sugarland cover of
"RT someone told me life is beautiful, but I didnt know until today"
S/O new Followers:
1. you still have a link to your myspace on yo twitter page seriously wtf
WTF are you doing out there. I don't understand the noises coming out of you.
Picked up a client in Oshkosh and drove him home to apartment on State St. There were lots of "KING" yard signs in neighborhoods up there.
Just like life, in a nano sec, CHANGE!....gotta luv this industry! lol
Good day, FB, LI, and TW universe! I'm thankful for the Holiday season (no traffic today!) and grateful to all of u! Hugs!
Hey! Thanks for following me!
Chocolate cake for dinner.. Sure why not.
Right, I think a lot of it is about whether you believe patriarchy operates separately from other forms of oppression.
i dont feel good:(
Thanks! Happy Mamma's Day to you!
Catching up on The Voice. I must say, I was not a fan of 's audition but dude, shes been kicking #TheVoice's ass!!
Does your dog know how how to surf the internet?No - but he's got a ruff idea.
Getting Wicked! In my on-going quest to find excellent panels by attending the most esoteric. I'm in the far corners of acc. I bet it rocks!
i dont like texting. if you wanna talk to me you gotta call. and idkk what you be doing just to call you out the blue.
I need to get on that 😒
The neighbors dog is so sad..howling like something from a horror movie. I keep poking my head out onto the balcony trying to console him :(
“: how are you today!”chillin HBU??
March 1933 Monopoly board game is invented
you should can I be one of the two to make it 10,000?;)
If you could write a book, it would be about ____________ ?
FYI, it's already the afternoon.
Most definitely! RT : Hot out there people. Hope your AC systems are working!
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!! :( #BELIEVE :(((
“: Wuts da bricc niggas song called on YouTube??? I wana hear it”Type In PyletboyEnt On You Tube
Bottled water in my car is an ice bottle this morning! NYC is blustery & hopeful & as I type to you I see the Statue of Liberty.
are you coming to Austin's NY concert ? :)
”Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” - Albert Einstein
" great OMC Deal of the day today! I may want to try it out! u getting one? know anyone who is? #yoga" - <- who's with her??
Miley Is That Really You On Skype MileyrCyrus****
thanks for all the updates :)
I am inspired. To go watch TV and sleep.
FREE DRINKS TODAY. be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "PROFESSOR" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
you know me, I just do what I'm told.
RT : If your company only offers login via Facebook, your company sucks. Chances are, so does your business model.
Why does not keep Foxtrax up for the entire game?
you back. stay out of my sisters life and get your own douchebag
ailva devlin (ailvad) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
When someone always talks about their past<<<<<<<<<<<
Nice. Would love to see how you tallied that sometime.
Are you ready to change the world? Today we will be on campus at and Stop by and learn more about !
Okay have to take a break and run some errands
why is the penn state stuff still on the cnn front page? that horse is dead.
Exactly! Xanders said they had a strict cash budget, less than their cap space. 18 ate most of that: cash-on-hand low
that was hysterical!! Haha :)
Things I learned from HBO's GAME CHANGE....Ed did not get John's voice while Julianne NAILED Sarah's and Woody Harrelson? He always rocks!
Did Beth send out a newsletter lately? Someone said they mentioned me in it?
These people just sat at my table introduce themselves and gambled for a sandwich in Jack in the Box
Big Dr. Who fan! How about you?
The world we live in.. God vs. money
Wilco is coming to rock Fillmore Auditorium - Colorado Denver on Thursday, January 19th 2012. Get concert tickets by calling: 888-493-0004
I'm hot and cold with it. He'll probably face H at Summerslam.
We need to continue the sweep!
How Old Would you Be If You Didn't Know How Old You Were?
Wart removal does not have to be painful! Call us about Florosal – effective & painless wart removal. Call now 412-681-6400
2011? Almost over?
this girl next to me is crying because she saw some gay guys kissing and is offended or something omg i cant breathe
": thank you for giving some relaxation" Always for you!!
With the girls (:
Suddenly I really want to schedule a camping trip for the summer. Would be fun.
Computer programs and apps for children with #autism !...
that little quake didn't feel as big as some waves, still, happy it was small
My pleasure!!
I ADORE yacht rock. My favorites are the Van Halen vs. Eagles episode and the Warren G episode
Great news! Thanks for your support of #OpFeed RT : OSU Libraries is gearing up to participate in our annual Operation Feed event
ha! good one Tiff!
With pics before in Eden Park
will do sir ;)
lol yes I know..im just messing with you
Incorrect geographies in Draw Something.
Who says it's been raining cats & dogs in San Diego? More like giraffes, hippos and rhinos! Looking forward to return of sunshine soon!
Kay I'm done
Darkness is when I wake up. Let's get this night started.
Handing a kid a book he's looking for and hearing him say "yuuussss!" is
Congrats to Demetris Chalmers..winner of the passes to the advanced screening of 'Men In Black 3'
Such a busy two weeks! Two shows down...two to go! Running the first to shows all day today! Ah!!!
Hilcrest Husbands wil be at the M2 booth this Sunday -- lots of fun
RT : I'll never tell. RT : OK, what did promise to Huntsman?
And in a shocker [to no one], Newsies is now an open-ended run.
My dad MADE my day today!
Um really Grey's!!! If they killed off McDreamy :(
Brownies in the oven...only moments until I enjoy a hot brownie sunday to celebrate by natal day. Yum :-)
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT WAS HAPPENING AND THEN THE MAYO AND THE WEIRD HIP MOVEMENTS AND OH LORD
KNOWSHON OUT AGAIN C'MON SON WE NEED YOU!
Just read "Ignore the Human Element of Marketing at Your Own Peril" & loved it. Would love to connect
YOUR WEB ADDRESS HAS (URL ADDRESS) ,INSTEAD OF. >>>NOT WORKING YOUR ASSESTS
hahhaha damn there goes my best kept secret
Ohio's per-capita income has been on the decline for the past few decades. Improving educational quality could help.
or ask your local store to order from Last Gasp or Tony Shenton - encourage them to look outside the diamond bubble. Thanks!
makin it happen,
Have a great rest of May. Signing out of the online world while and I finish our manuscript. See you in June!
im going to wear jeans today as iv been wearing trackies all weekend i think im turning into a chav bruup .
#np Chip Skylark - My Shiny Teeth And Me
:I never go online to know how to follow people!BUT2morrow I will learn4u!
Happy birthday! <3
tired too! Long day back at school :P hbu? :)
DYK? Andrew Young, Former Mayor of Atlanta, GA (1982-1990) is a member of A Phi A
Being a foodie on Fridays in MKE during Lent is rough for me... The fish fry is not my thing.
Boom! 2011 tax return submitted! New computer here I come :D
Well, it looks like the all-star balloting is about over, especially in the National and American Leagues.
#57-Andre Gurode-C-Dallas Cowboys
Sneaky people, hate them
Beyond time
I hear u - love the work they do at Stanford libs…. Wish I was going to ALA but so over Orange co… but hope we meet soon.
you are twitterific today!
Did you know that the first radical mastectomy was performed in 1882?
dude, drumming is the shit. \m/
yess, really sad
Ain't never been the mushy type guess that's one of my flaws.. Along with being non chalant
aw how sweet are you!?!?
Destination: West bubba f***.
should've just taken his ball and went home.
Make it rain on dem hoes
Who is a better flex start this week....Beanie Wells or Roy Helu??
Time to gym !
he want his dick sucked make him eat you!
great background. My vote for Mr. 50 Shades.
cause to compete in figure like I wanted I would've had to lose more weight and I wasn't feeling it
It's a money thing? the grant needs to be written?
fuck the #NBA union. If it were up to me, you would get paid only the minutes you play. Talk about some greedy son's of bitches
What!!! You are crazy! I hate bugs in general.
you're lucky you don't talk to me at school. Ahah
I want someone to love me, for who i am.. <3
I don't know about all-time, but Next's "Too Close" is responsible for 95% of babies made in the 90s. On the dance floor.
thanks for the love guys!!!!
don't be stranger
Thanks for the RT!
I'm sorry to have missed you, too! Another time, I'm sure.
are we FB friends? I recall this terrible oversight from last year. Never again!
TODAY 6-10pm is Southpark WalkAbout. The collective of artists & crafters in Mercado Golondrina are setting up in empty lot on Fern St.
We are proud too! RT : We're proud to support through our partner with
SO if "Ur" is not an acceptable abbreviation for You're is U'r acceptable?
Awww, I'm her fav follower :-)
Donna Summer medley is rocking my face off right now.
Happy Dancegiving to all you heading out there today! Look for he'll be out there with the crew..
My favorite of all time :-)
We Support Trayvon Martin and YOU should too!!!
Any museums out there using for online ticketing & registrations?
sadly no, we're on tour. go to our Myspace and check our dates!
Allergy avoidance tip: Take a warm shower as soon as you get in to remove pollen from your hair and skin.
Thanks to , I'm now watching Pulp Fiction.
Sounds like fun! RT Who's going tonight?ME! RT been preparing for the party since 6am-can't wait to celebrate!
stimulating the economy
First time I've seen a ball called while at a game. Bard not happy.
for pizza? and waterproof laptops
New album: String Em Up feat. Mozart & Beethoven.
follow me please?(:
I find myself hardly using and anymore. I mostly use Google and Apple products
I could use some Charlie Sheen face melting energy today. Minus the crazy rants and you know, that whole hookers and blow thing
Google launches flight search google.com/flights
happy birthday doll.fans love ya!have a good one!!(:
So does that mean the other 99% is consumed at the Fed Hill Irish Stroll?
Thanks LBH. Love you SO much and happy you were and have been there the whole way
School sucks ass /:
I just got my 5.1 DVD audio version of the Flaming Lips' "Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots" in the mail. What do you mean, it's not 2004?
the Boston college product baby
My dog is so annoying when it comes to bed time..
If you shootin for the stars then just shoot me....
So excited to turn in my textbook better known as the 60 page PR proposal!
I was trying to find the right word but that about sums it up from what I got from the description.
It is more outward-looking, meaning that the US and Europe will work together to tackle global challenges.
my room I got to head to a tutor at like 330 or else I'd be over
what are you doing tonight?
Getting into balance.
I think that Jews and Arabs could live together. It is not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy #FF to you! (Yeah, you)
"There was such wealth to be got from slave labor, it was no wonder these people were fighting to the death." --The March, EL Doctorow
DJ/Pianist/Producer/Composer for hire.. Contact me @ 678.577.7062 for booking information.
Any Jetpack Joyride players? Go download the awesome Gadgets update!
fantastic<3 I sent your birthday stuff out today!!!:)
You know it!! #DCArtists represent :-)
Your a mess, calm down dude!
Dinner at Dinosaur BBQ with , #LaurenO, #DoreenO, and
Oh I should not have been listening to your 'Guts' podcast while eating breakfast.
Hey how are you? :P
Morning everyone...276 currently "talking about the band"...if you are, you rock. Keep spreading the word! :)
Working at the office.
& not "needing" coffee RT : Love waking up with crazy energy at 4am..After only 4 hours of sleep. THANK YOU PALEO DIET!!
Nanjing yard to raise the Titanic for tycoon - China Daily
so u want me to love you??? thats just sick
You never told me what you were doing--you just wailed at what Obama was not doing
I'm up now!
That ONE day when your pointe shoes don't hurt.
hope it gets better! It's still early in the day :-)
The latest poll shows race for Portland Mayor is still in flux. 18-percent are undecided.
my kids like the French toast and the eggs. Bottomless mimosas help the rest of us ;)
oh hello Erin hows your weekend going?
Hey guys, please follow my friend !
Jus finished blow drying my hair...time to flat iron & get dressed....beautiful day today ☀
Make the decision, make it whit confidence, and the World will be yours!!!
Fat chicks swear they have a free pass to cap on people.
Expect to wait up to 30 minutes for a Blue or Orange line train this weekend, which stupidly enough are basically running back-to-back
Paul, you are very welcome. Thanks for all the great posts!
as in Orlando Bloom?
Lucky Friday to you! RT : #FF #Karma this Friday the 13th
no topshop isnt that expensive :)x
my mudhoney shirt came in the mail today and it's too small :-(
Need to call and confirm Wiki's flight soon and then return to packing/cleanup fest.
Make way for all the lames that are going to disagree.
I'm an east coast girl...I'm not used to this!
This game is like playing FIFA12 on a 13-inch TV.
RT : I miss MySpace. Haven't been on that in years, defiantly was a big thing in my life back in the day
what's your advice for remedying late online attendance when it's not necessarily required?
Saw John Santos+top musicians.8 kids age 2-7 sit up front. Grandkids HOOT 4 grandpa.Moms dance.Yawos.Culture lived not watched AHA LIndo
First tweet I a bit and it's a shout out the golden state b-ball
BacchusandBeery, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I'd take a full hour of Paul Heyman reading prepared statements, though.
still in india; leave tonight
I lost something very important to me and its sad that i just realize to tonite.
And another one..
Be safe not sorry
Yes! Online business may seem easy, but it actually entails a lot of trust from both the buyer and the seller
RT : More vendors for the Booze Bazaar, 12/3/11 Chop Butchery, Portland Pepper Sauce and...
brb google translating. EYEROLL.
Giants lead 9-0 at the end of the first quarter. But the Patriots have settled in and driving down the field with ease.
Stories from the object catalog: "It is possible that V sold his loom and patterns to K when he stopped weaving and became a dentist."
Fresh mozzarella is usually shaped into balls & stored in brine.
- If I Could Turn Back Time, I would have never listened to any of that crappy music.
We've still got a ways to go, but it's getting closer!
The hair thing ... regardless of length ... is WAY overrated. Def lose the glasses tho.
of course, but Alex you dont do anything i dont like everything you do i love<3 follow?(:
In the background...The Richest Girl in the World (1934)
Under #COasset these students would pay a standard rate of tuition, which is higher than in-state tuition
Happy Valentine's Day! <3
Glad I'm not a turkey lol
I don't care what no one says... U got served is a good movie...
i do aha
Let's go #FLAMES! Watching twitter feed from work in LA.... I got my priorities straight.
Hello right back! MT Hi , Greetings from Indonesia, YES Alumni 2011 :)
Hope everyone's okay. Turning to our San Diego office for #earthquake advice.
Nobody said it was easy
Shopping 101. Keep your eye on your cart or you will get cart-jacked. I'm a victim.
Everyone Believes in Something. The problem is.... I don't know what I believe in :-/
ooh Emily on the #bachelorette tonight ... interesting
Used to hate summer squash. Now I love it and crave it. This is what having a dead mother will do to you.
That awkward moment when you realize you've been mispronouncing a word your entire life...
I'm doing great, Chad. Hope you are.
damn right it is. RT Oh, snap. This is gonna be fun:
hey I live in TN, too
I really like shopify as an e-commerce solution plz report back on difficulty of implementing designs
Thanks Bart for the mention! We are loving your work.
Waiting outside the room for the #ERPA hearing to start with
I would love to host a houseparty #benefitfan. My fingers are crossed.
So how much of an "investment" to get naming rights to an brew?
doom, doom doom. ITS HARD TO LOOK RIGHT, AT YOU BABY. BUT HERES MY NUMBER. SO CALL ME MAYBE
Listening to work that body by MJ #MichaelJackson ^_^
Brad Richards UNBELIEVABLE
Just watched the descendants. Now I want to move to hawaii and raise daughters as a single father
is this due to lenders speeding up the process rather than foreclosing? What do you think?
Head hurt
You're welcome!
#RECYCLE! We have more in our 60 gallon recycling bin each week then we do in our garbage
despite having 25% of #TED speakers as women, it takes double the time to find them. Keep at it !
Little Richard's alive. I thought he was dead. Now I feel bad.
Phone about to die, left my charger at the salon today
oh fun! I'm at the shore today too -- nothing literary but this must be clean-up-the-shorehouse weekend. Good time for a fest!
#haloreach what do you think of Chris Hemsworth's thor.
wicked good jump by travis pastrana
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
everyone please follow my dear lil sister > she is very sweet, nice, cool, and fun to chat with
the four year old guessed Bin Laden. which was the right answer to her little brother's "guess my person"...
to me yes it was...seriously disgusting at first i didnt even know what to do i was just watching it run towards me..i'll wash it.:(
You think bringing him up everyday to me just waiting for me to say something is gunna work
thats really sad when shit like that happens
inbox me my g
good luck! Have fun
Why was the girl next to me in yoga class grunting the whole time? How annoying can you get?
be a great listener; It requires paying attention
at 1 am on a Thursday night and no connections? I wish myself luck with that.
not today....
let me know!!!!!!!! Puhhleeeze!
Feels like everything just paused.
Once again, I got cut from SNL at the elevator. This time I was third from the door! At this rate, I'll make it in soon enough!!
Awesome Staycool Fanzine #1 Review in Fanzine!!! DOPE!!!!
we do follow you!!!
The Senate Health Committee passed the #FamilyCare bill by a vote of 5-0 this afternoon, it's now on the Senate Cal. for Tuesday, Feb. 14.
was thinking the same thing.
Yup. RT : I think people worry too much about social networks, and not enough about the content they put on social networks.
We're about to get started at the Religion in the 2012 Election symposium at Rice U's Baker Institute
Because going into a deeper feeling of slum of what I'm feeling is making me feel better. Hi my name is Ian, and I'm depressed and stressed.
Being a female is a matter of birth. Being a woman is a matter of age. But being a lady... Now that's just a matter of pure choice.
If this meditation-silence...stuff doesn't lead us to...a concern for others, it is narcissism, not wisdom. ~ RKC Forman
Are you going to show your talents on tour??(;
I wish I could watch #bmorefail on my Ubuntu laptop, but it keeps saying "nice mobile device" and kicking me off.
And... Hamilton is back
We are accepting nominations for our 40 under 40 issue. Email for the application. Deadline: May 25th!
Why dose it have to be about black & white. We need to just get along, we r all the same.
#NF xoxo gm.. #mash that button for me bae
Where Im from the Dopeboys is the Rockstars.....
I mean they r both fake as hell, attention whores, and fashion freaks. Its a match made in material hell. Lol
it very much is a country song mary! not that little cage a fat ass elephant or joes big ass truck rental &storage
Good morning
train heartnet from black cat. I like his hair.
It can sometimes be challenging for kids who live in a condos, and designing an indoor playhouse castle is a way to keep them stimulated
Not all the way through, but I loved what I read!
Do you assign students to use twitter? follow 's talk at
better read the reviews first ;) I was banned picking movies for my house's movie night. Ha
Holler at me when Mayweather fights Pacquiao...until then I'm about to look at this #SUPERMOON with wifey
…and while China's communism may not force folks to work in particular factories, it does prevent organizing for better conditions.
My goal : to get to follow me !
It's cute when people who blame everything on either Satan or "the left" toss around the phrase "take responsibility."
So true
at least she says no. my mom just pretends not to have heard me
Then they drop this gem. "That leaves them a third down they need to convert stay on the field." Oh...
RIP Junior Seau. The risk of football is really starting to outweigh the rewards/joy of watching...
"There are three types of people: those who see; those who see when shown; and those who don't see." -- Leonardo da Vinci
I thought there was no I in team?
(but obviously helping repositories create jobs and get grants is the better solution)
"I like to recover from my meals with another meal." -Jonathan Stark Prepping for Project Managers meeting.
Don't lie to me.. cause that's when islowly start having trust issues.
I will re-post it, I found out someone reported it and that's why we can't find it :(
I figured thats what it was... Thanks again
I just listened to Molly. I would so date a gal in a pair of Doc Marten's Mary Janes right about now.
uf;dw did they get the name of the place right at least?
I wasn't ready for my first day yet..
In a world that's down and out...
When you knock, we hide, but when you honk, we come running out
Your move! RT : ok. I"m down
Well deserved! RT : And Adele gets a huge standing ovation following her amazing "Rolling in the Deep"!
that sound pretty…where u go 2 get it…i wanna get the one on my wrist finished
Thank you so much for your support!
50 lbs in 5 months? That's amazing! Congrats.
. just signed Voter ID bill, and Senate Education Committee voted to make cream puff the official state dessert.
december.17.cant.wait.
is better than me when it comes to not letting people phase her. Her "kill em with kindness" attitude is the best! 👍
yep! So happy I could get torchy's in houston
I just killed the stink bug in my bathroom with a nail file, Windex and mouthwash
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY be now? <3 10
I love a good pun too, especially Star Wars-related.
It's REALLY good! But whatever you do, make sure to save room for homemade bread pudding or Berger cookie pie!
Yeah, whoa! I just hope it gets made at all, really. Affleck is a solid filmmaker, too.
What are with all these random creepers followin you on
Like I Said Talent Iz Talent Dont Watch Something That U Know Iz Not Goin To Happen I Got This Turner Field Atlanta Fucking Braves
One helluva game going on between #Caps and #Bruins. Man, I love game sevens in the #NHL. Too bad my #Wings still aren't alive.
Out with the love's (;
Go spurs Go!!!!!! We start giving away game a tickets for round two tomorrow on start listening !! Lessssggggoo San anto!
Come do a standup in my office over here in Boston. Come as Bobby Bottle Service, that's the only request.
Am I the the only person in the world who finds the Febreze air effects ad completely racist and offensive?
If the SAA EAC-CPF workshop comes near you, take it. I went from not seeing the purpose to being a convert.
5 days down, 2 to go!!
guy kicked my desk once...
saw IB on shake it up u have no idea how happy i am to c u guyz back on TV i love u guys! =)
even zombies are allowed to come!
No:( HELL YES(: love ya boo boo(:
You & are seriously tops! TY! RT : Slave to the #FF: and
cool haha but why you be working out your skinny?
Thank you for your leadership in organizing the successful Wave conference & 2012 Walter Caloca Open US/MX #Surf Competition
sending u a big one :))
I don't think he gone come see me lol
Taking my lunch, again.
did MC Ride really die??
There is so much interest in tonight's event #wawomenwant. If you are coming, the Wing Luke Museum is walkable from Intl' Dist. bus tunnel.
What's Your Personal Opinion About Me. && You Can Be COMLETLY Honest (:
So #whoyougot in tomorrows games??
Gurls always ask me why i dont eat pussy. Well , the answers simple. You are wat you eat. :P
Had a great brunch at with to discuss
Always give your client never less, but always more than they expect.
atleast i know ill always have to be there for me!
Hahaha I remember that episode!
Check out our new droid Application, go to Market place and search Alternatives Insurance let me know what you think?
#Broncos signed Texas A&M CB Coryell Judie. Good size an speed. Love his physicality. Strong in man coverage. Finally someone I wanted!
And that's the way it is
OMFG I hate that >.>
Folks how do I get a posting block removed? No help on the site from operators/mods
Number of short stories written: 4 Number of short stories I like: 0
Ray Weadock: "Cardiologists my age [60's] just don't trust computers." huge barrier to adoption of new tech.
good to hear :)
Im thinking Motley Crue for Super Bowl XXVI
Love Friends So Funny!
Now lets see who MAKES time...
A healthy 32-foot tall ash tree produces about 260 pounds of oxygen annually.
Seriously contemplating another master's degree.
Voodoo Doughnut in Portland can hook you up.
#NBC has 3 new shows i'm excited for next year. SO SO SO EXCITED. #NewNormal #GoOn #DownwardlyMobile Life is just awesome, you know?
Well we are our own worst critics!
Here is where my problem lies (you too maybe) - Forums - Diablo I: It is that deep down, I really just want a Diablo II with better...
They would indeed. RT : we'd find a way to fit Anthony Davis in :)
The modern librarian: literature lover, computer instructor, furniture mover.
Today was a big deal for me I stopped smoking for seven hours dam that's an accomplishment for me
DONT WORRY THE VIRUS IS GONE
Act like a lady, think like a man 😉
just preached us into an another dimension!
beautiful! And I am loving the wavy locks you have, doll!
YAY it works ! ... In the bathroom tho , Oh well
Docs for this bank says they support "Bisynchronous (2780/3780), SNA (3770), Asynchronous (x-modem, z-modem, Kermit), and TCP/IP."
I hope the team at #tdwg will have a (safe) good time in the Big Easy. Say hello to everyone for me.
Its beautiful outside :)
Tired after getting up so early to watch royal wedding!
I can do that :-) I don't have "work" Sunday or Tuesday. Maybe a movie date? I want to know who their wedding was. Lol.
Can any of my friends help me out with making copies.... My HP printer can't handle what I need to do...
If I had to grade this much year round I would weigh 600 pounds.
May 18th I'm playing in Fresno! Will you be around?
yeah i like their stuff its so heavy it's like the bands i listen to but in a punk version haha
to be honest I scare my self instead of riding the hill out, and its completely my fault I fall.. Merp. :( oh well I get better(':
I think it was the Apple product that uploaded it causing all the problems
i'm at LAX too!
One on One/Hall & Oates
Yeah same here.
Watching #It'sabradbradworld and can't stop laughing! He is hilarious! :)))))))
Music on blast >>>>>>>> chilling with friends getting ready to go out though :)
#thankateacher 30th CA Day of Teachers: teacher quality depends on citizenry that values education & provides resources needed 2 support it.
all Rodgers can get out of a preseason game is a concussion
wow, is it friday already?! thank you! and !
stupid devils lol
Agreed! can dish it out, but he can also take it. Glad we have him to kick around, and vice versa :)
sounds like my ideal evening!
thanks for the follow
I saw that! Not sure logistics of getting it in and out but I think I could figure it out! :)
"A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships..."
be careful what you ask for. luckily, you don't work at walmart, so the chances are slimmer. slimmer.
What up boy
Aww.... is on the radio here in GA. Good memories :)
PLONK! Happy Mothers Day!!!
Its almost birthday!:)
Okay TX, you ready for my last start in a Rangers uniform? At home, no less. Don't say I never did nothing for you. I'm bringing it tonight.
#May1Pdx student march now at #CityHall - reports of as many as 300 in group. #BikeSwarm now in the mix too
Bauserman yet again is killing this team
if you don't answer at least one of 's questions i'm writing a complain letter to someone idk something but she loves u
wayne's garbage. I'm all up on that maserati mo swag.
there's a lot of old pictures of him :3
do it! that recipe was so easy. Thank you guys for putting that epic cookbook together!
RT : New for next season: soccer season tix. Look for them & hoops season tix on sale this
Bailey Has A Girlfriend !! Well I'm Happy For Her, She Is A VERY Lucky Gurll!
lol yea cool guy cool guy (haitian voice)
So can we be that sexy english teacher you always wished you had?
at least it's payday:D
Lady in row behind me has her ugly bare feet up on the chair next to me...
I'm a huge fan of and Many many more
I am in complete shock. You gotta wonder who are these guys?
let me know if you need a mix for that record man man...
Shawty sent a twitpic said come and get this lol(:
: We were so close.
thank u soo much for getting it <333
#oomf just played me
Vons has a sale on magnums !
Like seriously, let me screw up on my own. I'm going to have to find out on my own sometime. Don't sit here and sugar coat it for me.
…Not hating. Burning Man projects are products, turned to 11. Could easily have a day of talks on just this.
Why the fuck is Ashton Kutcher news following me? I don't think I've ever once tweeted about him...besides this tweet
Our skin needs to breathe freely as it is a breathing, living organ that regularly moves thousands of skin cells each day.
Hey #SmallFryArmy! Who's ready for the #SuperBowl tonight? #BigBlueAllin ! I'm Ready!! xoxox
RT : We just hit 47M users!
what are we doing in Judaics?
that's what's up, keep doing your thing!! Positive energy keep it up.....
Please ignore the screaming girl left off at school. It's just another one of those mornings when being home with mom sounds wonderful.
beaver beer!
is he trying to sell you stuff?
We should get the trending, so that could help them win! ahah GO BULLS.
Love it!! Our Neckerman summer volleyball team is called the Neckerman Bunch! How did you make this pic??
I am often moved to waffle! Cardamom waffles are my favorite.
#homeforthesummer happy and bummed
At lake worth sub station
Cant Resist The Urge, Bouta Attempt To Get Wasted Tonight
In Music Meeting- Sleigh Bells “Tell Em” This is growing on me, I’m liking all the noise a little more
Hey friends. What's your favorite Christmas tradition?
Funny how when you watch a tv without HD you can totally c the difference!! wow! It's huge!
lol! The lusty, bitchy cleveland indians owner from 'Major League' is my role model.
Just wanted to pass on a big F-U to the local government of Oakland, CA in regards to their actions last night. No excuse for that response!
Can someone recommend a good fiction editor?
My 26 year old brother is 5'11" and weighs 155 pounds. How.
CNN reporting mass suicides on Broad street in Philadelphia.
sorry Cook fans I don't think that will be a hit
Im pretty sure every girl has had teardrops on my guitar as their theme song
To quote "We have a socialist in the basement."
I Love The Fact That We Onda Same Page ; Cuhs I Don't Give Uh Fuck Either ! ;)
.'s CHAINED is on shelves today. For what it's worth, this spring title comes with Mr. Hankins's highest recommendations!
whatch out for the killers lol
"I'm a hungry children."
My boyfriend legitimately just beat me.
lame nigga b
On the last episode of
500 million dollars can't even change the fact that your personality has been and always will be pure shit.
awww its cause you're amazing! #igotyoursandwich ;)
Hey guys! 72 people already following me! help me get to a 100! i love you guys! its time i give them shoutouts!
Great beach day!
Thanks for the RT :)
follow us back please?
Gallery 114 will be closed tomorrow, Sunday, April 8.
Good morning! My only chance of saying that before it was your afternoon .
haha omg right!!!
The Liquor Authority recently sponsored a bill that would give new restaurant and bar owners a temporary permit right away.
Great exploring rotterdam. Hotel new york for lunch, water taxi, cube houses and best was spending time with a great friend.
To the girl at school trying to be a #hipster you look like the thrift store exploded.
Hook'em Texas Longhorns
i honestly need to stop procrastinating.
if your enemy is self-destructing, the best thing to do is let him. By opening his mouth, Carney just made Paul's stunt legit.
Great seeing you and Rick at the Tribeca screening this wknd. It made my night!
Dave Miller open jam with Rick Holmes, Andrew Wilson & Friends at Spirits Thursday January 26th 8PM
you are part of Wvum! We love you!
Mahalo and thanks for the mention - glad you enjoyed the event....and the food!
love the new video!!!
And here I was thinking you just were mad at me.
Thomas the tank engine? How cute! :)
Nice to meet you EvaSoul. I just followed! Thx Peter! *muah* Hugs WomenOnWax!
Red sox play Cleveland tonight at Fenway park. Home field advantage Let's hope they sweep Cleveland
"If you ask me how im doing, I would say Im doing just fine. I would lie and say that you're not on my mind"
that's an amazing story Theo Tom! That car was a beauty!
We're bringing something neu to Memphis! Patio launch on 4/19: sig. cocktail, cigars, Rat Pack theme! RSVP @
“ S/O to all my new follower #especially ” = ]
Late to college again because no car would stop to let me cross the friggin road -.-
You bet we will
