RT : The weather is kind of perfect to stay mixing and editing all day
Here's my year-end list: is the best twitterer.
Help clarify. Did this air?
that is funny!
So tired, stayed up late last night and now I regret it
so do we have to guess the phrase??
I love when random bands start to follow me.The I get super excited when the tweet back like does!
♥ YOU ARE PERFECT
...true but he will stand up to the plate if asked to...
Building blogs, one of my favorite things... and this time it's actually what I'm SUPPOSED to be doing
RT : Here at The Grove with for a shoot with !! Performances of begin on 5/15!!
Patrick Henry made his famous “Give me liberty or give me death” speech in 1775 as the British Army advanced.
I should probably start my work.
Day is great! Thanks again! I don't have a favorite character, I love them all, but yeah maybe I love Jughead a little more :-)
My roommate's suddenly live-in girlfriend uses far too much garlic when cooking. My eyes are watering...from my bedroom
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory - Josh Billings. Guilty.
EVERYBODY!!!! WATCH SHAKE IT UP! on march 25 it is new and tyra banks is gonna be on it and we luv ZENDAYA AND BELLA!! GO ZSWAGGERS!!
Today in Rock History- 1964 Beatles make history by holding the top five places in the singles charts! Only group to have 3 consecutive
GOP always uses Hussein to scare their dumb followers! Ricketts will pay for his Political stance. Cubs as mediocre as owner!
Jersey Boys matinee on this chilly snowy day.
YOU CAN HEAR SOME OF IT ON ITUNES !!! ♥
I just want a quickie. No bit mark, no scratches, and no hickies. If you can get with that, then come get with me. GBR!
#kodm will now be treated to a Michael Sperberg-McQueen closing keynote. Hurrah!
“: Buying a cat, teaching it how to rap then naming it Wiska Lifa #YOLO” get to it...
Well done Chevy. Gas mileage doesn't really matter after the apocalypse.
Getting some work done at Starbucks...hoping to get enough done that I can warrant some prime tv tonight in the form of Mad Men and GoT
It was a great run,
Who thinks this is super adorable
To everyone who thinks I won't actually get my hair cut, I will. And it will be similar to 's.
its a ok song !
Hey lady. I have meetings in Phx all day Thursday. Are you free sometime in the afternoon to grab a tea and talk ED?
Torn between #TeamChad and #TeamSharon. Can I have 2 votes? ;-)
follow me justin
I love the fact that actually takes the time and responds to some people.. Don't see that too often with celebs/athletes.
play that new nicki Minaj with 2chains be's in da trap
PIER PRESSURE: Navy base gives berth to cruise ship space
Man, that 4th Circuit was busy today, doing everything except health reform.
Lets go Spartans!
Anaren Integrated Radio (AIR) Modules to be Sold Through Online Distribution Resource Digi-Key Corporation
RT : A great dream must go through the cycle of self doubt which leads you to complete dependency upon God.
trying to answer a long series of unanswered emails from last week. urgh
A book worth reading is worth buying. John Ruskin
But, do you want your emergence room doctor to rush your surgery or your accountant to rush your tax return?
haha thanks! Hmm well If you say so, I think I should! :D
finished making updates to Accessibility Camp notes for #a11ybos, #a11ysea, and #a11yldn groups. Will mail out later. (via )
Thanks for checking in via Foursquare! What did you get to eat?
FRESH SOUPS FOR YOU! Seafood Gumbo (crab, shrimp, and clam), Split pea w/ ham, Tomato Bisque, Veggy Beef, Turkey Wild Rice & Curried Carrot!
- low tolerance level for stupidity , foolishness & ignorance .
The Hawks will go down tonight after their horrendous performance in Game 4
yikes. I saw the gluten deal in your profile. I hope the allergies don't slow you down too much.
Ran 6 miles for marathon training. 4x800 in 3:10, and some easy pace. Feeling good so far.
Thing about the Hulk is, he's got this built in McGuffin: a cure. Which he'll never get because then story = over.
Are you starting a new hashtag? Sounds intriguing.
Thanks for the mention on our #ghostfactories project. The Sanborn fire insurance maps are fascinating to explore.
First team to 25 wins this MSU/Louisville game.
yes but in 140 characters or less
I'm going to miss Kurt doing his thing tonight! But break a leg baby!
Just finished reading Zeitoun by Dave Eggers. What an amazing book! Highly recommended.
"I don't talk to my friends about your BRAND because I like your brand...but because I like my FRIENDS" via
Busy, busy week, but a good one. Looking forward to reaching out to a few people regarding work. Happy Weekend everyone!
I'm actually not there, this year am just lurking on Twitter, tho my coworkers will share info. :)
What is up w/nonexistent dating these days? U boyz want the prize w/o the feat of accomplishment...epic fail! #sigh, #boyssuck, #fail,
#MothersDayDedication - To the moms who are HOTTER than their daughters!
Red lobster later with my wonderful dad❤
"True: Stillness is the soil in which all worthwhile ideas are born."
The hardest part is finding real bits of red panda.
I could see DJ's later mixing with Rihanna's new song " where have you been ".
yes ma'am!
Some people eat all healthy before spring break, then there are others, like me, who don't give a damn and keep eating the same shet!! :)
9 am SESSION: "6 Ways to Increase Effectiveness of Variable Data Printing" presented by Howie Fenton in Room B113
it'll be okay! I'll be praying for a safe recovery. (: <3
Got to! It's imperative! Without it, your existence is fruitless.
nah man
Thanks for the mentions this week:
I think I'm going to PR...that's what you call it when you beat your word count from any other day, right?
This looks good! Once we get our VJ following up - we'd love this!
Love and work and war drive global migration, Marcelo Suarez-Orozco, Immigration Studies said at 's TRPI Immigration conference.
now that u mention it coach k does look just like the blue devil.. and he's my favorite coach
Goodness it's HOT!
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. ~ Saint Augustine
Not feelin today...
It's more important to find out how our users work than to ask them what they need.
Since they want to unfollow a negro.
I wore orange before it was cool.
We'd do well to listen!;-) “: JohnWillinsky: every Canadian enjoys lecturing Americans abt their own country #mobilityshifts”
Haha i agree! :)) he is awesome! my mom and dad like dont like them but im like whatever your jealous! :) lol
I LOVE US
Thanks love you guys!
please check out homelessdogmusic.com all money will go to death row dogs
which state gets the most teams in the tourney this year? Ohio? KY?
we as fans didn't lose anything we will go to work as if nothing happened those young men are the ones that
I'm ready now! Book me today in your city...
Busy days, but very productive. The best part is that I'm now on vacation :-) Hope you have a good weekend, too!
Excited to present next week at meeting on LEP patients. Going to be good!
Fun! Say hi to Laura for me! RT : Meeting for marketing steering committee! (@ Greater Miami Convention...
"Don't ever live someone else's life, yours is too precious to waste ~ Anonymous
SAVE THE DATE: Prof. Tricia Rose will be speaking during LYB Week about body image and hip hop culture on Oct 25 at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121!!!
Wasted my muh-fuggin time ! That's one thing I can't stand
This twitter life is crazy shit. Everyday it's a race to see who's the most insane...
Fun Celebrating b-day 2nite! #ChaCha Away tonight! We have Grupo Cha-Cha performing LIVE tonight! Be there be square! 730-11pm
Heading to woodruff in ypsilanti for the Juliets' cd release party. Its gonna be a bash! See you there!
and I will become fleeting and erratic so it will happen that every truth which identifies me will eliminate what I symbolize."
unwinding and trying to get something done after #WebCamp2011. Thanks to all the speakers and attendees who made it a huge success!
Jealous! RT : Line for "H and M" goes all the way around Pioneer Place and across the street.
Wise words!
Chris Mann is so awkward, lol.
Happy Mother's Day to and all the other special mothers out there!
I really don't know how my mom does it, raise four kids by herself practically cuz my dads outtatown for work a lot...
What is your inspiration to help you keep your resolutions for 2012?
lucky you I had to wait the whole thing out and yes they do press way too Hard!!!!!
just a little hangout on my patio w/ friends. #nbd Por que you aren't painting the town?
2 chainz looks like somebodies dad that just decided to rap
Will do. Thanks.
swimming in the ocean after midnight, so amazing, this place is awesome.
Another morning show today at TSAC for several school groups visiting NYC!
Back home, went to the store. Also for a short walk.
better than 0%!!!!
Hey y'all I got a haircut!
Thank you SO much! Followed! You're amazing. #StayBeautiful :]
The devil is in the details, and angels are in the sky.
If your models are in need of a personal trainer in LA, I'm offering special rates for the Summer. Please RT
PJ Styles in the house with a rockin' pink tie. Tune in to hear what the fourth judge has to say about American Idol tonight on Fox27
Really bad hair day .-.
RT : Yoga mama=Relaxing mama.
This show should be called 7 sluts and 1 shithead.
will hold a Los Angeles program info session tomorrow, Wednesday 9/8 at 11:00 in Annenberg Room 3! come learn more about the L.A. program!
maybe some other time , I'm busy .
ok, now I feel for He has his hands full with you two! ;) Like your Freudian typo, btw. If it was a typo.
check that email
I recently read an article on the bad effects of heavy drinking, So that's it I'm done.....after today....No more reading
Let the Sunday grading marathon begin.
thanks guys! we gotta build an alliance man! gotta get some of those hestla bands together!
will do
That's great! #runnerds RT : Awesome! My out of town friend will b so happy! This will b is first race in Chicago.
Mike Lynch take away: "If you have any great ideas for working with NASCAR on partnering in Education- call me."
i like quince's :))
This cold is seriously doing with me--my voice is gone and I couldn't go to work, but I won't go down without a fight-#thiscoldwill notwin
Before you pray for the things you want, make sure you appreciate the things you already have.
you take the pain away & I thank you for that
Thanks, and back at ya!
The picture actually had a weathered grunge border from the projector. I felt like I was watching the movie through an instagram lens.
Hi, Wow, you look pretty good.
You felt sorry for me? i don't need your pity.
hey thanks! Might take u up on that offer. :)
lay them then bro.
is the FB page down?
Well that's true ;)
Thanks for #FF !
The activity data is good and there are lots of other integrations. The sleep data is pretty basic and not as robust as wakemate.
WALKIN AT A FUNCTION MUSIC BLASTIN ME: exscuse me *walking* WOMEN:*dancing* say exscuse me little girl ME: I SAID EXSCUSE ME YOUR FAT HIP
hahaha not at all! I always remember blairing it on Z-104 n once ur mom told ur dad to blast it with us in the car haha
Why does everyone care SO MUCH about Jessica Simpson having a baby? She had a hit song 12 years ago.
Normally I LOVE sleeping when it's raining, but because I know that I need to drive in a few hours I just want it to stop. Back to sleep.
I love being me foreal
Secret Service has been watching too much Modern Family apparently.
Whole wheat pasta and fresh basil hopefully makes for a good 21 miler tomorrow.
A little attitude problem? All good, it'll make shit last.
not the first second or third in a series to let us down. Still mad over Superman I and Jaws IV. Yuck!
#hth2012 I like my session. Great presentations!
Truth!! RT : "Women are the most beautiful thing on earth, but they are the hardest thing to understand."
Herbie Hancock - Maiden Voyage - 07:27 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
why, because we just ran the mile?
good morning. my brother & his friends just wole me up cause theyre making food in the kitchen. i wanna kill him
Nice to know hahahaha
Thanks for another great day Hyde Park. See you next week!
No idea.. she kept meowing @ the top mainly because she hated the wind if it wasn't windy, she was fine lol
Please check out our new website. If you go from a mobile device it will direct you to the mobile site. To see the full site go from a pc.
Really? I thought for sure I wouldn't.....guess it's just me....I am a caveman.
made some kick ass okanomiyaki to accompany 's takoyaki. japanamazing!
LOVE their appearance in Avengers #167! Great art by and Pablo Marcos!
No #fundraising idea is a bad idea ! The more creative the better!
Supporting managers should be 2nd nature. Question employees who try to g around them.
Summer sale this weekend!
Thanks for the RTs! Maybe next time we can get Michelle to check out City Farm ;)
Yesterday I fixed my ipod, today a wheelchair, tomorrow the world.
sure can we Skype at 12pm PST? I have a Christmas party at 3pm PST
Stephanie and I are line at Carol and Johns for comic book day...some interesting ppl in line with us lol
back on twitterr
30 minutes is all you need to boost your Salon sales! Email us OR call us: 855-DRWIGGY. P.S.- it's free and we come to you!
same . Still singing and dancing .
Yay Finally Got My Track Shoes These Are The Little Things In My Life That Make Me So Happy:)
Called my French teacher dumb, got sent to the passroom, after school detention, and ISS tomorrow -__- goshh! She's a witch -_-
You are beauty without my beutifulness:P
Okay stop being creeps on twitter, and come chat and call me and boys live on ZenLive.tv - I get off on you.
goodluck tonight with ! :D
Thank you Ronae! We #Love receiving and #Giving #Hope! Thank you for #ShineYourDivine with us!
Had an Amazing #workout this morning - can't wait for #Dance tonight!!! WHOOOHOOOO
#FlirtFriday #Follow sweetneSs
CAI's CEO forum say top 2 things for managers to get a job is eagerness to learn & understanding the in/outs of associations.
Oh boy": Woodson said toney douglas will play tonight, backing up bibby some."
I always have to look up how to create my own loops RT : "Wordpress Themes for Beginners" for #eduiconf. Questions?
you and Starks are related???
in such a great mood it's
RT General Ali Fazli,commander of th Rev.Guards in Tehran, arrested fr refusing to carry Khnei's order t use force agst dem
God loved the birds and invented trees. Man loved the birds and invented cages. Jacques Deval
I figured they'd torture Luongo. Makes me sick knowing we're out.
they left without me.
Takes some bi i35 blooms to satisfy a bungle bee!
what'd you eat? Lol
Any pretty ladies Going to SUPPER Club Call Dale to get in Free 4403170622
Looking forward to going north later this week. I miss Columbus.
Thanks for the fashion feedback.
I think you would have been lost in the movie if you had not already read the book for background.
Current word count: 1610. Today's goal: 2410.
Sent! RT : Need Your Contact Info, DM Us! :)
Lmao! I wish we had Jamaica money! RT : lol at your fans thinking this is for ABG. Bitch you ballin!!!
That's a long ass time
Sorry I'm not perfect, but at least I'm not fake.
Coming home to Baltimore, where we harbor our dreams. Portland may have mountains but we have city neighbors.
If ya still wanna chill hit me up work didn't need me!
pursue intercultural friendship. This is also the essential purpose behing the Commonwealth, European, PanAmerican and Asian Games. (cont)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE KING .. R.I.P MJ /:
damn smh, you were at the one in frisco rite?
The Brass-A-Holics are taking the stage right now at the Musicians for Obama Fundraiser...we ready to GET IT IN!!!
I truely dont get guys in hello kitty shirts...
tks for RT - countdown is on!
Great coffee today at with my lady. Sorry I missed ya !
yay! I expect all the details when you're back in the city!
did you thonk of going to Naturopathic dietician. Sometimes food sensitivities can make pain and inflammation worse
New poster coming tonight.....
Stand up. Move forward. Change the world (or at least YOUR world)! Have a great day everyone!
in everything you see the necessity of effect.
who?? David wants to get the GOOSE and usher together when he's in town and go to Dooks!
That's an excellent point.
He,lo. Myw peosple how Re you doing this very fine euzg I trying so
Imagine a world where businesses would know what they are doing. Things would colapse
Nick Backstrom! Oh missed the perfect chance!
Aw! Which singer?
Dear students. Late night trip to ER means paper comments delayed. Don't worry, am alive and well.
Aww, thank you :)
Kids laugh roughly 600 times a day. Adults about 15. Come on. Lighten up! Have Fun
Whoa, last night was awesome! First time I saw in two years. I love them... And missed them... :D
haha thanks, never Thought of that one genius..
text me and ill tell u
These are some words, typed in this box.
I want a cheeseburger anyone down 🍔🍟
yes!! Absolutely! They are right up your alley :) also-- you were fantastic on the panel yesterday
No problem
Can't wait for this!
That nigga aint even have the ball
its not all about the money....I donate to charity
In the mere three months since Colt has been using HubSpot and inbound marketing, the company has experienced the following:
Spicy chocolate is one of my favorite things.
Just did a spot with for some fashion with Hillcrest Ski and Sports.
Hit the road this summer!!-Book your free USA tour before March 25th and bring your best for FREE! Summer Madness! #vacation USA
Find the perfect Mother’s Day gift - Keurig is doing live demonstrations Friday - Saturday! See how easy it is to brew the perfect cup!
Nice to see you on Twitter. It was in your theater that my love of the arts were born way, way back!
I simply commented on what every guy say! She ain't have to say SHIT to me!.
yo we need to go hang out one of these days.
All wars should be fought through sport.
Happy birthday !
North Town Bound Niggah'
Both my girls keep trying to talk with english accents... I think we are watching too much peppa pig! Nah!
EVERYONE ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT. EVERYONE ELSE BUT YOU
Enich's show was the greatest sports talk show in KC history. Fully back a return! Love, a sports gambler.
what would happen if everyone turned off their T.V.? your own view would be better, and diferences would disappear. TRY IT!
#imagine Harry leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
I told you last night!
We're drunk.
I want a new phone.
I can do you one better. How about craving Hawaii?!? :-)
it's funny, everyone laughed at that line -- which surprised me. I mean it!
NHL draft today and its a friday. What a great day
Thank for sharing with me the line-up for #BPfilmfest schedule. I'll be @ my all-time fave 'Roman Holiday' on 7/16!
#Q3 - Impact of bridging on-site and online museum experiences. #Q4 - free range discussion.
no problem. looking forward to the email
There's a difference between Thick an Fat. Your not Thick if your Thick in the thighs an your stomach looks like fruit roll ups your FAT!
When you're in the Rave and Taken by One Direction comes on...
Prom this friday!! Woot!
CNN is in HYSTERICAL PANIC mode, by the potential J.WRIGHT issue. Like they don't GO BACK 50 YEARS to GET ROMNEY !
5 times I've seen it, and it just gets better and better! <3
Finally caught up on Gossip Girl!!
. is also great RT : Who are your go-to tweeters for museum news? wants to know!
Ditto! Load the app & hit the road! :)
Please follow us so I can reply to you
haha I have one!
Bass stresses the importance of thinking about audience and user experience when creating digital humanities projects.
That sure is exciting, Amy! When will you be in San Fran?
the plus side to my mom going to Germany. the chocolate she brings bad #ivenevertastedchocoloatesogood <3
"Three Kings"
hahah, we're getting our car checked in camping and the staff must be messing with us...but you never know
Good idea! RT : want to improve beercon? Do one in or near KY :-)
Thank you for the mention!
"Never settle for being someone's "other" when you know you have the potential to be someone's "only""
then maybe i will we already have plans so you gotta let me know if youse are in please explain to him
I'm gonna be single forever -___- Lol
Followed :D
Ima name this rainy day KRISTAL
..LMAO when did you start keeping a bucket list??..Hope you having fun and tip the strippers well...
that's good, how was it? did you fall a lot... haha
#OWS DON'T THINK FOR A MOMENT YOU SPEAK FOR THE YOUNG AMERICA'S.. YOU DON'T WE DO!
My Face Iz Lyke Diz Right Now :-D :-D :-D :-D :-D :-D I Cant Stop Smiling
. Dont think that his assoc w/ guy convicted of defrauding nfl wasnt taken into account
"The planters raise their fingers, make their bids. They are apparently all eager to possess Jones."- EMPEROR JONES
Thanks for the props!
Happy Derby Day, too. And enjoy the Mayor's Field Day... and the art/craft festival at Centennial Park. Lots going on in Nashville today.
ahaha salty a** tweets thats a good one
Me too. Good luck in the ALA/YALSA election - I voted for you proudly!
poor baby :( you're just picking stupid cunts
love my #droid! Lots of #awesome apps like !
May you walk in the way of good men, and keep to the path of the [consistently] righteous with God. NspiredBy Proverbs 2:20 AMP
The original MYTH, not the Shaw version :)
That's why nothing was said to me today
awweee soo cutee! we are gonna have the cutest outlets and light switches at Flagler!
me too.
If told you to eat dirt would you? Hes better as a blocker and music critic than he is at rating TV shows!
TT! are you awake already?! I heard you bartended last night bc of craziness.
It's pontification like this that will end world hunger.
What a nice guy you are Eugene!
#Poverty figures for 2010, while horrible, "would have been much higher without federally funded safety net programs" says US Census Bureau.
Doing history online privileges inquiry over certainty. Amanda Sikarskie
just came from #santarita. This I'd most recent info as of 5 minutes ago
miss you too boo!!
#RT If is your Hero. We all want him to see that we're so proud of him & that we always support #ISF & himself.
My sight in my right eye is just getting worse faster and faster. Too bad surgery costs a fortune. Nice knowing you, depth perception. :(
Full moon in Libra and sun in Aries. Everything is as it should be.
Thanks for following us! Let us know what you think of our new music!!
message me!
lets see it!! LoL
(Also) Today in Literary History: English essayist Charles Lamb ("Essays of Elia") was born in London in 1834.
Does he have a pulse? Does your audience have a brain?
: No so I wld advise evrbody 2 keep it the fuc cute!Lmco(cockoff) :Did Roman take his medication today? She is s ...
Amen to that
Please do not cause yourself a heart attack with the unlimited supply of STEAK before you :)
Thank Joshua! your training infor about the fast cash rocks go see Joshua's blog page! I made 90cent
I have plans for the long weekend.
#WeLoveNiall because of his crazy food obsession.
When your coach says "no speedos" and you show up wearing a TYR brief instead and then get kicked out
Play your game!
OK. Going to order them online soon.
oh hello. guess who changed their twitter name?
wait lol I can't fight my sleep goodnight (:
joke all u want, this is not the time to mock the bulls.
Under the arm to be protected,and next to the heart to be loved......
I am SO ready to get out of my apt and move in with some roommates...2 months....and they had better smoke weed(;
Deal time. Bettman, Jamison and city meeting all day.
did you get some Vitamin B yet?
What is happening right now? lol
For me character is key. If I truly know who these people R & why they R in each other's lives, I can't write any story 4 them
who & what about John Sykes? I Love that man!
Is it possible? Is I'm enjoyin work??? (<----leave my grammer lone)....first tyme 4 everythin rite?
really nice cover story -- great read!
Geek trivia tonight at 8. Rock Paper Scissors Thurs at 6pm! Giddy up.
CONGRATS! :D
join us.... join us
I'm not quibbling about the meaning of a word. I'm pointing out that you don't mind gov't spending on things you agree with
sorry little late but nm lol
yeah I am doing the scalpel-less one. Glad yoibhad a good experience. I am not scared ...yet lol
RT : Another gr8 day for working at fdn booth by pig races 3-9. Stop to visit me if yr here 2day.
What a b-b-b-beautiful day in Las Vegas!!
no, I have a sick addiction to social sites. I get nothing done but it's ok.
Party, Anniversary, Birthday? Whatever your event, guarantee happy guests when you have it catered by "The Original Big Tomato" Call now for
My Friend Need to Hurry U and get off wrk So we can Kick it
Great event! Is there a hashtag?
distant memory
we will also ake sure that the sponsor is listed in our CD, and spread to our fans as our exclusive concert t-shirt provider
- 99%er org wants campaign finance reform, close tax loopholes, wall street regulatory reform. #occupyla hardly radical
Angelo wants to know if you got the song in your email? Were you able to listen? So excited and so honored!!!
Ladies Night Out - St. Ignatius College Prep Women's Society Event - TONIGHT! - 6 - 9 PM. Free admission! 1076 Roosevelt Rd. Chicago! Shop!
haha cats are cats anyways! Why worry about its gender? xP
Thanks for comin' in!
I knuh-ow it is. I was in a hurry, and my finger hit the wrong letter awn my iPhone.
A little rain. Then the freshness of the morning air. Noon. All hell breaks loose. Who's got the key to the weather
you are Tom. :)
I was just told that I look like a Barbie doll today!!!! 10" tall, plastic and totally disproportionate features...?
congrats! only one more to go!
OKAY OKAY (: heheheh sounds like a plan =p
LOVED that show.... have fun!
Tomorrow Stephen Santa Cruz & cast go to participate on a show for PBS.
just prayed for South Sudan leaders. Thanks Carl for all you do.
ya feel me i need my new tee the LV one kay :D
Sometimes I wish it were all a dream!
ah im bored!!!!
The Buckeyes return its entire starting five for the 2009-10 season and a total of 12 letterwinners.
The answer is "it depends on who your audience is".
AHA! thanks so much. made worlds of difference!
CarnivalWorks costume fun
Elite Squad:The Enemy Within might have the worst title in the world but, wow, what an awesome movie. Check it out on netflix.
Wine is fine, but whisky's quicker.
Guy really is just a winner. Fun to watch...until next week when they play the Pats :)
I also love the blown-up detail in the shop and conservation "studio."
in a cab now. Was deep in bedstuy where cabs don't wanna take u to manhattan.
DailyHookahTip#119: Check out if you're planning to smoke hookah on a beach. It allows you to use a plastic base of choice.
I really wish June 10th would hurry up and get here...these True Blood previews are killing me!
plug ins called Speed, Pitch N Time
First Amendment rights
I <3 Chicago: At the Music Box for a free screening of The Birds w/ a discussion featuring Tippi Hedren.
Playing with my phone while laying in bed always keeps me up past my bedtime...
Thank you!
sorry dude..you aint gonna find sympathy here. cold world!
good pt sir, but it seems that Carl has his lock on that 25%
Got gift cards 4 my B-Day 2 which I'm gonna put 2 good use later :)
Who daughter want some head just bc... I'm feeling nice today
Can't stop singing southern state of mind... Hm. Wonder why???
Yea so it's final I am going to go to the new school. Empire can wait until I have my BFA.
ewww its supposed to here for the next 3 days :(
Have you tried the Hors D’Oeuvres? They are delicious! A BIG thanks to !
it was a joke so it's ok doncha know?
Woke up celebrating Friday til those NBC people said Good Morning it's Thursday, May 12. Yay.
Browsing the OED for a suitable keyterm to stick in my conclusion. There are so many "con-" words we should start using again!
today definitely has to be one of the best days I've had in a long time (:
i changed my name agin
Today is Piss Peyton Off day.
Happy International Women's Day!!!!
Great way to end vacation-spending the day with and my mom.
Changing from Erin Swan, to the Black Swan tonight :)
would you do my sis in law a solid & say Happy BDay to The fam are huge fans of Ben F
im down for whenever..
Invite your friends to like our page and they too can be the first to hear about upcoming concerts!
I get that. I don't necessarily agree with that but it's basically the media taking down one player at a time. Who's next?
he told me to step in to a dark room full of white snow, I respectively declined and ran to my car lol jk convo was prettyawkward
thanks man!
Ordered my Trek Sawyer today ! My first bike purchase that wasn't pre-owned.
Sweating, literally.
Thanks bby, you're the best.
The whole staff of Joanne just sang happy birthday to me and natali looked at me! Omg I was noticed!
't the deadline yesterday?
We are prepping for our Beyond Blogging: A WordPress Website Workshop.
Hope it was good again. -BF
Kowba slide: Bottom line: Insolvency CAN be avoided w prudent multiyear budget reductions
Went to a tapas bar...and heard "Bohemian Rhapsody" performed by a mariachi band.
just found your blog online, good stuff! We are looking for an executive producer/co-host in Orlando for a web food series:)
Annual milwaukee depression. Aka september-march.
Thanks for following me :)
Fish hut #yummy ☺
You've gotta love a Christmas day of all basketball
...and how culture of assessment will require us to prove our value and be needed for new scholarship.
Congrats to a friend of Rawhide Ranch, Easton Corbin on your American Counrty Awards
like twice a year I would say I only do it on special occasion I got a pill here since 4 months ago he might of seen it
Thanks for the heads-up – we'll look into it!
Quote from behind closed doors: "Our industries do something that no one else can do. We create content that people want."
You have haters? You're so nice that it doesn't even seem possible, but there's nowt as queer as folks, as they say.
Orlando is October, Phoenix is November... RT : when do the Pheonix and Orlando's drop?
I was not going to say anything... but I was wondering... well if u find two & it's not gonna cost me my first born let me know
set warp drive to awesome! I love that..where did you get that?
Skipped track to go to review, learned nothing..
Does anyone know anyone ? We are looking to buy a new Tacoma.
I'm going to have to cut my plot because there isn't enough labor to hang and focus. That's what I get for being done early.
“: Go the extra mile. It's never crowded. ~Author Unknown”
r they following both of us?? LOL Where is Tiffany's or all those other ones we love!!
Last lesson with Mildred today D; D; D;
god morning Trisha! Have a great day ;)
You are doing the MOST!
I wanted too stop in for a little, but we're falling asleep over here, missing you, , and
Thank you so much for the #FF shout out!
sweaty palms... This is intense!!!
Taking pictures with an expensive camera doesn't make u a photographer. That's like buying expensive pots and pans and saying you're a chef.
It is, in the sense that was joking about it, so I designed and printed it up.
Haha started tearing up when I put on Shania😂
I wanna get my nipples done this weekend and I need to go in there blowed so I can be calm ... Know how I am with needles
Insist on yourself. Never imitate. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Had a dream about last night, oh yeah, he so wants to see me(;
San Diego Union Trib Night & Day Section has photos of our recent event. Thanks to everyone who attended!
So much going on, I've almost forgotten to talk about it! Can't wait to show you this new #songforyou video!
From our recent Alternative View, but it bears repeating: "If you don‟t want to read it – don't do it and don't say it."
Hey hey :)! Hope you had a wonderful NY :)!
caught by the fuzz by supergrass, well not yet for me
over 6,000 syrians have been killed by the assad regime in 11 months , cf. ows?! this is narcissism
RT : OW! When walking your pet, remember: paw pads are sensitive & can be burned walking on hot pavement. Grass is better!
"Wow, my father the astronaut! I feel so.... what's the opposite of shame?"- Bart
me, my pappy, and his lemonade!
omg you just got it today??!! I sent that a loooonnnng time ago! Like over a month ago! Glad you got it!
New Year New me....
Happy hour!!!
HE DID. TROLOLOLOLO
Server is up, sample list is playing. You ready for this #internetradio to take off? We are! Stay tuned for more info
intuition was amazing to!!!!! :D
And a special shoutout to my good friend and constituent - he will be a thoughtful voice for Waunakee. Well done, Tim!
Reading chapters 9&10 in The Giver for homework. This book is messed upp! Lol
Really tired. Better go to bed soon....
Hey RadioWaves!!! Come support the guys of Friday (7/29,6:30pm) at The UltraLuxe Cinema Garden Walk in Anaheim.
Every shooting star reminds me when hollywood lost the brightest.
are you comfortable?
Glad to hear the bike rack worked out for you. Let us know if you have any questions - we're here to help!
why its bout o rain'?
I just discovered and I can't wait to try the recipe of the week. I'm thrilled that it is free of all of DD's food allergens.
I got homework too! Sigh....
Short hair, do care.
the dog on strawberry hill..
Support Tierra Latte share her music page today
Coding a qualitative textual analysis today at an artist's residency. I think the muses will come to my cabin and bludgeon me with lyres.
U have had 3000 followers. U have also had 2000 unfollows
rumors #SUCK !! don't believe them!
Back in the ville!!! With cruising town
Save the date! Our annual crab feast scheduled for August 25. No hurricanes please.
I'm going to be on Long St. about a half mile from your library, so you'll be my new friendly neighborhood librarian :-p
Went to uno pizza place last night, crappy place to eat
: My best friend is the one who will always walk by my side, make me laugh, hear my stupid problems and still give me an advice.
Hot and hazy on the island...
Oh hey, we have holdin' it down. RT : Shout out to at luncheon
Stoked to hang with Gloriana this week at the Country Radio Seminar. Nashville bound!
Wearable Computing is near: We each received a wrist band when we checked into a time share vacation rental. It allows acess without keys.
wow Lmao you are seriously disturbed..Im picking up my daughter she's in kinder. So about that hug may have to revoke...lol
I love that book. bought it the day it was published and on the coffee table since.
god is dead
Wonderful blog, Paula. Thnx for sharing. She's a better blogger than me!
yes it is great game
Thank you David!! Happy day to you!!
Sex reassignment surgery should be 100% covered by all insurance companies/that single payer universal healthcare our country should have.
2 sets of speakers playing iTunes via Airplay pause when I call my mom on Facetime. Apple is all about nuclear family level network effects.
Looking for antiques and vintage pieces for cheap? Check out DC Van Lines Moving large warehouse full of amazing stuff. Persian rug, $45!!
Do what you want, I can't let someone I care for get used again.
real talk
Better view than the Voodoo Lounge (Rio) rooftop bar or Mix at Mandalay?
ikr! And this drama was very serious... Well change of topic whatchadoin?
PLEASE CHECK OUT MY SONG AND VIDEO!!!!! BECOME A FAN, LIKE IT, AND POST IT ON YOUR PAGE FOR ME :))))))
Oh Wow. Oh Wow. Oh Wow. I hope when I go, I'm still marveling at all the good in my life.
I see dance being used as communication between body nd soul, to express what is too deep to find for words <3
**Random Fact** Getting "Head" With <ICE> or a <Cough Drop> Is *Soothing*
Break out Gusgus!! ESCAPE!!!
Just woke up with a huge burst of creativity. Fuck!!
Sony Ericsson Phone New | Sony and Toshiba Products
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
Check out today's blog post from regarding episode on
"We're losing speed! Throw more babies on the fire!"
That's great!! Good luck!!!
I seriously loved today! !
#nisoEbook Barblan: ISTC to find related works of same content. One country can have multiple registration agencies.
Happy Mom's Day to all you mothers...I hope you golfed, rode your Harley and drank wine like my Mom did. Love you
Library Tour this morning with International Scholars. Always fun to meet these folks.
is fucking boss! He really never disappoints! #MuchRespect Keep making awesome music!!
yeah we do - just saw this sorry fam! send it over ~
I LOVED that book!!
#devilsin7 Let's Go Devils...
RT : Like hops? Live in Sacramento (or within driving distance)? If yes on both, get to SacBrew ASAP for Peter's new IPA ...
Mgr/Utility Jon Durham to undergo MRI this morning, A's personnel will evaluate before deciding his status for his retirement game.
Oh no, , the honeymoon is over. Out of stock with no idea when you'll get more? On one of my most-ordered items? Where will I go?
What's wrong?!
Damn you
Stuxnet was the very first kinetic weapon deployed over an electronic network. Trippy! (It will not be the last).
sitting at the bar opposite of the front door raisin my hand.
Fine,thank you:).And you?:)
Wondering if i wanna go to school ....
Efficacy is the power to produce an effect toward a desired outcome. It is the highest ROI to your time and effort.
.: We are so excited that you are taking part as a speaker in ,"The Rhône Valley: A River Runs Through It"
stfu. I'll pull your hair. Just like I used to do when we were lil tots.
haha he will never admit how excited he rlly got lol
:( i tried.. she wont leave me alone
RT They giving me 200$ instead of the kindle fire... I told them oh thanks I'm still gonna buy the kindle for my mom
;o o. lmao
newsletter this week has a great blog from about leadership. Great information. It's a must to subscribe to
Being irrationally upset sucks.
ha ha thank you, and Happy Hanukkah to you as well.
Jeremy Lin is kicking it a lot like Cazzie Russell
I am awake! still packing damn it..
This heat will be the death of me. Omfg it's too damn hot nd I can't imagine how hot June gon be. Ugh!
Yea,do u accept
yeah & I'm so happy for you !:) <33
I'm excited for this class, too. Lots to talk about, and these client projects are going to be awesome!
RT : friendly as hoes... THAT'S THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE.
congrats on all the ratings.
so you can live your life long dream of being Mr Anderson? Yeah. I'm onto you...
any chance the Cowboys get Osi Umenyiora??
liveblogging Devils games on tumblr is one of my favorite things to do.
nevermind. I found you now :)
Loving inventions - China Daily
#2011in3words NO MORE DRAMA
I think it's like the Piano (the movie) -- people either think everything happens or nothing happens. I think the latter.
The Easter Cookie Pop delicious shortbread cookie covered in icing and decorated with colored butter cream with an Easter Egg theme,...
thanks for following
The fundamental truth about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore.
Ooh! John Cheever, Katharine Hepburn, and Tom Waits. Pass the tuna salad.
you are the #winner! Please follow and dm to claim your tickets to #SnoopDogg TONIGHT at FIrst Council Casino Concho!
Wow...have gone without internet for how long? That's what I get for living in a house with crappy electricity in the Midwest...
Yea :D
Tonight on #FindingBilly, 3 boys are followed as they face the challenges and joys of starring in a Broadway musical. On MPTV 10 at 8pm.
The only way to overcome any kind of fear is actually to step into it.
it will be so easy to manage!!
Took band photos today. oh boy.
RT : BREAKING: Police investigating suspicious package at MARTA Bus Stop in 1600 block of Peachtree Road. cc:
Skylar Diggins played her best ball tonight, but it Brittney Griner and Notre Dame dominated.
could this be a east coast superbowl? I heard they need a punter and your name came up.
Well, how fitting. A win for Mexico on the 5th of May. We're having a party. I wonder if Mario Gutierrez has plans after this...
ROSA<3 HELLO
I Should've Kissed You IS TRENDING.
Raining...great day for bowling or a movie
very handsome cover man! Keep up the good work
champagne and cupcakes anytime!!
Jimmy Johns? They deliver you know...
what is Molly's apartment number?!
Free day at the zoo for Milwaukee Day.
played a doubleheader yesterday, with talks at the Colonial Society of MA & the DAR Boston Tea Party chapter, re "Defiance of the Patriots"
California community colleges prepare to ration their offerings.
Everyday is a beautiful day!
no freaking joke mine got taken away today while its was freaking turned off!!!! It fell outa my jacket pocket Lol :P
impressions of the pack while in GB?
Eating at Bento & Noodles with , , , Natalia, Jackie, and Janira! 🍱
I don't care how unhealthy cake batter is, it's fucking delicious.
ate N.C please.
We are making moves! Join me...
Boy oh boy I'm sleepy but I'm goin to sleep wit a smile on my face :)
he is one he is going to be 2 in may 6
Well since is down looks like I'll have to go back to...pandora. :(
Ohh iight u should text me
Peyton Manning to the.....#Titans?
We From LA man! California!
What instrument do piggys play in a band? Pigcussion!
No, but he was wearing his world series ring and let me touch it. GMoney is the MAN! He was so much fun!
im down!
Mccarthy decides to go onside rarher than kick it deep
thanks for the RT, but really
Not playing the lotto tonight - I'm winning it. LoL
due diligence now..closing planned for June 30
Good Morning :)
That's it everyone! Huge heartfelt THX to all who supported this campaign! We'll announce winners of the 6 BONUS perks tomorrow. G'night!
The further one is removed from the atrocity, the more likely one is to allow it to happen: For discussion today at 1 pm
JP! Even there "practice makes perfect" or at least better... your passion bruns up the obstacles! Keep on keepin' on!
Cool! Screnzy Rebel! :)
All the young dudes
Just discovered the benefits of TeacherTube!
nice pic! Where at?
What happened? JL I happened.
I Aint Gonna Lie I Wanna Smoke Some Weed And Be High Like Mofucker Even Though Im 15 Still idgaf.
So you say you don't like period dramas like #DowntonAbbey? #Geek out and pretend you are looking into a time portal. Feel better now?
My girl just asked me to hide chocolate eggs all over the house. She's 19.
me too cuz
post highlight tape and photos for free recruithighschool.com
Grant deadline is today! It's going to be a busy day at the Arts Council.
2nd Blog Excerpt: Well we made it to day two of my blog, I trust yesterday’s blog provided a little insight into what motivates me the most.
To quote the immortal philosopher MC Chris, right now I'm just chill like a DQ Blizzard
Volume of information is biggest social media problem. Begs for automated management.
All we know is falllliiinnngg.
good work I'll be there 930ish the Den will be in full force
what's your favorite design research strategy?
Oh, you're single and ready to mingle? Can't wait to hear about your one night stands and STDs.
no, for the love of Odin no pictures. Watching childbirth was like that movie The Gate.
attention whores these days!
Hello Guys :D xx
Last season as well :(
I love that adrenaline rush when you send an email that has an attachment that you've been working on for the last three days. I FEEL ALIVE!
Food is my beautiful angel sent to me from heaven.
It's National Teacher Day. A big salute to all of our dedicated teachers and a huge thank you for your contributions to our children.
. good thing i wasn't planning on wearing mine;) can't wait to see how you style it!
Spiked put Red Bottoms for the weekend 👌
Oh, "bugs" would be OK.
#YesArmy going HARD in the streets.
Did u get the picture yet? I'm paintin u a picture of young.
e how exciting!!!!
oh yeah! Lol
Any thoughts on #Orioles' great start? Pitching has been superb!
In the womb is the only place you can get a goodnights sleep,good food,your safe and hey for baby boys your allway in a woman!.
I lowkey want Chipotle. But it's too far. Lol.
If u wasn't so ugly I'll put my dick in yo face:-D
RT : I don't know if they're done yet, but disappointed not to see TIGER TAIL IN BLUE or OPEN FIVE 2 in the SXSW line-up.
Don't overcrowd the pan when you're saut�ing � it'll make your food steam instead.
Thank god they don't have the BTN in Florida so I didn't waste time watching the
got my t-shirt, cd and a signed poster this morning<3 im the happiest person on earth right now♥ #lilcrazednumba1fan:)
maybe more like 94/95...or maybe I was just sheltered from CD players, too!
SUBWAY FOR BREAKFAST. (:
How come strangers can follow me , but ppl I know can't. -___-
Super pumped about Girlie Night at the Drafthouse tonight with
I could be like Pat and steal people's HBO go!
that's awesome!
Add Peanut Butter M & M's to add more protein :)P
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best restaurant in Albuquerque is _____________.
Billy Crystal #FTW!! So glad he's back!
Heading to seek out, identify and secure Easter Eggs with 'Mini Me'! Exciting times! LOL.
long day
I know, right? A gypsy king, no less!
Where them fake thunder fans at?????? Aka undercover laker haters
thanks to everyone who came out last night! great show yo!
My 3yr old told me michael collins flew the spaceship while Neil Armstrong and buzz aldrin walked on the moon... I had to Google it to check
Everyday, it's You I live for!
I don't think you even have to be a mom to feel inferior as a woman looking at that cover.
We lost you today... so sad to see you go... we shall pour out a little lemonade for you... whoever you are...
New to foursquare and hootsuite ...
That sounds super fun - want to DM me your dates?
no thanks.. lmfao.
every time i watch #HBOGirls, i feel compelled to mass text all my clients & ensure them that's not how i watch their kids.
Safe travel to Rochester, tomorrow graduates! Congrats little brother!
oh! Gotcha
Dick #Cheney gets a new heart. I mean Cheney finally gets "a" heart.
I want too!!!
Ancient aliens, another episode to watch.
sent you some info about us, hope you can check it out!
#ItsAmazingHow our bodies work! :O
Women are a beautiful breed!
Need help choosing a vendor, let's us help you today.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 101
WHY. Just pass him the ball Rajon...Ugh. 5th turnover.
RT Hey Vegas!! Sold out of Cheesesteaks but we still have Italian Ice until 8pm!!!!
laughter makes the world go around
Remember Leap Day is coming up on Wednesday. To celbrate, we've decided to get matching haircuts. Photos to follow!
Now im 100% sure that im going to glasgow (:
My friends in low places.
I should start making rant videos... There are some people in society I can't believe even exist haha
the one from last year? That's what made wonder if she's sick
hi Jacob you are very talented and i love u. im ur #1 fan~Alex (this is my friend and shes 9)
'cause you were wondering: Wil Wheaton and his website are well known online largely because of Fark dot com.
Lalalala don't I sing beautiful?
oh, I totally agree with you. here's to hoping those interviewing for those jobs know how to ask those questions of the Org.
What's knew bro
This is terrible...what happened to our offense. This is the Bengals?!!
time for some new kicks. this pair has been reheated more than thanksgiving leftovers.
sweet... plan something this week for next?
The Civil Wars went hard bro
how are u
RT“: Got the job. Hopefully it goes swell” hahaha white boy Wyatt
Heya! Caught on here that it's your birthday! Sure hope you have a great day! Glad to see things are going great for you, hun!
I wish there was something I could do to help. Hate to hear you feel like that!
Thanks for the mention! Have a great week :)
Getting free drinks in my neighborhood bar is by far my proudest accomplishment.
"Don't taze me, bro!"
I love you too.
agree. Would be a fun chat if she had a sense of humor. Not thinking she did though
wow sounds delish!!!
1,000 followers!!! Yessir-early flight back east after another great Adventure!
if we call it has to be like now! cause me goinnnn outt for a lil bitt tonighhhhhttttt to see some of meh peeepppsss
These are pretty great. I might actually buy some.
I'm going to start going to him from now on so keep your pants on ;p
On the way to the GYM
Kicking off the day with cd designs for blessed lyrics mixtape don't forget April 21st the day for blessed lyrics
That is amazing!
The Sidney Hillman Foundation Announces 2012 Hillman Prizes for Excellence in Reporting in Service of the Common Good
hey guys, i'm not in the fb group...can somebody message me about the second challenge?
And Director of Operations, Leigh Rachel Faith - 1110 AM in a few!!!
RT : "Life is a #fashion show, the World is your runway" ~Marc Jacobs
“: Was that a salsa celebration dance??? GO GIANTS! #SuperBowl” yeah - they're trying to win us over!
The only thing that will make you happy, is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are. ~ Goldie Hawn
omg Dev just a random note but my hair is not havin it today... Grr... Lol
Very productive week. I love how we don't go too over the top on special holidays. If you enjoyed RC3 on Easter, you'll love it every week
You're a fine toilet, I am just an extraordinary piece of crap!
Now. I honestly think Fire Pro Class is a horrible class for me!
i love it when i can find all the answers to my algebra homework in the back of the book.
lol. I started early today.
probably one of the best worst things you'll ever see in your life!
To G Class or not G Class that is the question...
Night twitter
I use photoshop for all my photo work. I know it's expensive but it's well worth it, esp if you get whole creative suite.
i love you so much!! Stay sweet and amazing Colton!!! <3 :)))
Thanks to Allen Buglione & Kyle McMillin for last minute support @ Morgans Tavern.
I'm wanted, dead or alive
lol. Hi Ariel :D
Not a fan of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf coming to DC, but they're offering $17/hr with healthcare and dental.
so glad you were a part of it, thank you!
Usually I can see Chicago northern skyline from my train station. Today's rain and clouds means the whole city only seems to be 3 stories
In San Antonio!!!!(:
You where so little then Cody -smiles and wishes i could see you-
no idea yet, but we need to set something up, that way you can buy me a beer.
Two laps up Mt. Tabor and my legs are wasted. My #bicycle misses me.
If you gotta jump up and down to put on your jeans..
ONLY ONE! Really bad planning.
There's a #Oneinamillion chance anyone will become famous. [×_×]
- We had a great time sponsoring the Massey on the River event. Thanks for all you do for Richmond and beyond!
toy drive dec 22 at the Miami Jewish home in miami come out and be apart of some thing big even if you dont have a toy ur time is good.
yes! I was looking fwd to this box and it was nothing special
Trust can only be earned not taken.
Wicked Carnival is officially on Twitter!
Wow. just killed it at the #danlor wedding. Speech brought tears.
...like really? What are you thinking?
Yizzo! I been chilly my nigg...gotta link up wit yall soon!
I hope this week goes by fast😔
we can hang out all day but i cant spend the night?? Wtf??? Really!?
I love u more than words could ever say! Ur the greatest!!
Excited to learn more about Google Places at #smbmad. How do you use Google Places?
When I wrote that tweet, Sharpton had another "Zachary Carter" on. Hence, joke.
Im so confused...dnt know what to do
Dream, Believe, Achieve.
maybe I should start drafting it up soon then!
Six hours to get ready? Damn.
While the leaf collection take place, have your people collect/remove those CLARK campaign signs that are in each and every ward!
Met the cutest guy today with ! <3
Ever heard someone say, "The Lord knows my heart..." Yeah, well.. OK -> NspiredBy Proverbs 21: 2
You're just going to Oakland? Then there's no way to take it back. Unless I've missed something.
Fully awake now, time to go for an easy 10 mile run. Anyone want to tag along? Beautiful outside
i wanna swim away, but don't know how. Sometimes it feels just like i'm falling in the ocean.
16 full days of school left
#lgoptimus new phone works great. still love ye 'ol scrobbler. #android + = not currently working well together
The worst way to wake up for school: freezing cold super tired and a sore throat.. Like really...
once Perla cuts your hair you are ruined for life. She is the best.
School starts in two days .... Fun i guess
#OKC Fans go hard!
The pattering rain at 4:00am is both a lonely and lovely sound. It makes me yearn for sleep and waking.
omg I know! I was like omg omg omg he's soo hot
I've been so terribly absent on twitter and my blog. That's about to change.
Good job Barnes, this dude keep losing the ball
RT that's ordinary for me.. :: I wish it were ordinary for most people! good to know it's ordinary for you!
Parents got me Lollapalooza tickets for graduation!!! Freaking out!
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Me too, that 's why I'm stuck cheering for an underperforming team.
Frustrated...stressed....mad....and got the worst headache ever
BYU does not play around, friend of mine and her bf were kicked of BYU because she was in his dorm, only given 24hrs to leave and go home.
"Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale."
Met while him and the team was out LOL
I'm so sick of seeing my sisters daddy on maury lol too funny!
im so thankful tomorrow is friday because im so ready for the weeken(:
Looks like this oil spill is creating some "Black Swans"
Just posted part 2 of my story! 3+ LIKES AND 1 COMMENT FOR ME TO WRITE PART 3! I KNOW I'M NOT A VERY GOOD WRITER BY THE WAY! ~ASHLEY
WRONG. Hes raw. Davis need to touch up that eye brow lol.
Remember who the enemy is. This isn't an election that you can afford to sit out, or make some sort of protest vote.
#UnionRags up close early and was indeed a man amongst boys today at
International Forecaster April 2012 (#6) - Gold, Silver, Economy + More
If it's more than five feet away... it becomes unnecessary .
I am all for the Let Charlie get ten society. I specifically like the part about meeting in secret locations.
Omg!!! Twitter wht is up wit yu???
So.....I think I just sleptwalked for the first time.
U also had 4 Ubi rt B4 he took off RT : Our latest partner for = Bubba Watson. Launched less than month ago!
Stay high
lmao that was so much fun hahaa
to watch a game? are you banned from freeport?
that just made my day bro lmao!
free printing? Me response in two words: moral hazard
I'm as paranoid as they come. If you look sketch and you're kicking it by my car I'm gonna ask you to relocate.
Ya ever get fooled into looking at a guys shaved ass while watching porn? Yeah, me neither.
Note to self: do not send books about horse KILLING to horse-book reviewer.
What are you willing to fight for?
I've really got to fix this night owl thing...
Goodnight World
Congratulations! My sister and brother-in-law just announced the same thing. They won the 'first grandchild' sweepstakes.
which part?!
oh BEHAVE ( Austin Powers Voice)
I see alot of prom pictures on fb i can't wait for my prom now
A love for Ohio, huh? Where are you from? I was born and raised in the Youngstown area (NE).
man at work bored as hell dnt u need tu be sleep u gt school fool
what, dunkin donuts?!? where?
homecoming this saturday! Get your limo while there is still availability! W.limoservicedenver.com
Psalm 53:2 God looks down from heaven on all mankind to see if there are any who understand, any who seek God.
Hey dumb dumb, you give me gum gum~ Night of the Museum
I love trolling. I do it in real life as much as possible since...I can't online?
There are no Dunkin Donuts in Southern California, and I don't give a fucking shit. #They'reFuckingDonuts!!!
face down in a Walmart parking lot
all of a sudden... "you look gorgeous" (the wonders of #makeup)
interesting that we were just having a conversation about the Snooze. Thanks for sharing the article
They do? That's cool. You should take a pic of your Shih-Tzu I'd love to see it! I'm sure as it grows it will get smarter. :)
Parsing football data all day long. Sweet!
I think this weather calls for a good old fashion blackout!
Where its at tonight ? I'm tryna watch the fight !
Lmfao. He took Chris!!
young sir?
Organic, gluten-free, sugar-free PUMPKIN Power Muffins coming out of the oven as we tweet.
duh! Too much bourbon. You really got to break things down to me 2day
My lil sister told me to not stop being me. That's real advice and a compliment. That shit made my day.
The stuff found looking for other stuff is always the best, isn't it.
"Teamwork makes the dream work" love that quote from #RHOA!
Even when I look good I still dont look good.
What she order? Fish fillet ;) lol
ha, I suppose I can :P
oh were you chewing on them? That breaks them too lol jk
Good Morning<3
More apt headline would b "The govt. that doesn't stand 4 anything' but u already know that.
thanks tony.
And, I'm jealous abut your Counter burger today. Just sayin'.
check out my website www.blockstarsonline.com
i have been watchn my strange addiction all day... i really wana go and c a movie w/ my frendziziz bu no 1 will take us crap busy lives
Nice win
Two great choices! Glad you had a great time!
Got an email about the return of Sbux Tribute blend. Immediately thought it was intentionally timed for #HungerGames. Ergh....
haha that's a funny face u put lol " c: " ...I couldn't tell u why, it just is lol
lol! bouta make it my status :)
Do u like or dislike Mick Foley?
Stop stuffing everything in the initializer. Just stop it. It's bad and you should feel bad.
turns out G-Mac is an ass. “: RT gmac what's you're best tips to break 100 shots?? >>skip the last 3 holes”
#1DayTillBoyfriendVideo OMB im so excited!We're gona rock the world with SWAGGIE
No, but we're working on it! In the meantime you can perform all important tasks by visiting m.stickk.com from your iPhone
Jeff Van Gundy is dead on. Acting is not part of the game. Playing the game is part of the game. Don't defend glorified cheating.
Bailed on this for a while for some same-time-same-place synchronous socializing. Did I miss anything?
Act of Valor with moms and pops. Damn what I'd do to be a Navy Seal
double rainbow outside!
New Ringtone? #SaySomethin!!
Not a bad idea. Gum would be a cinch to advertise on TV. But only as used for chewing. In the mouth. Not, you know, elsewhere.
Want to eat food, but because my throat is just killing me.. Food is out of the question. Cough Drops save me!!!
Meeting with "As Seen On TV" tomorrow to work on some new brand and web projects...
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of than your missing out on a lot of good stuff and hes making a change
thanks. Send me some snippets dm for email
More Than 1200 Clinicians Attend First-Ever Live Online Psychiatry Congress
My music will cheer you up :)
I'm cleaning up my house bro. I just finished washing my truck
God, how I hate aggressive sensitivity. It's nearly as bad as people forcefully saying "good morning."
thanks darling! here's to movement!
Are you a Maxxinista? Well? ARE YOU?!
Thanks for following. Love what you guys are doing. Let me know if I can help.
did he perform?
i forgot my phne was on silent -_-
What a game.
If only I believed you.....xoxo
I've got spreadsheets to sort and audits to reconcile, so I am off to the spreadsheet mines.
Hey 1st of all I can SPELL CONCEDED is Spelled CORRECTLY.. I don't think you even know what that word means?
hahaha im thinking about it....
And thoughts with who carried his body across border. They went through a lot together.
how about that? RT : Indiana 7/1 favorite to win next year's hoops nat'l title. Kentucky 10/1 to repeat
lolol they could come pimp our church!
Today we meet with the very talented to talk shop about some cool new branding. Things could get pretty exciting...be warned.
Its the chambers networking group. Come to our next meeting as my guest I'l DM you the details
My birthday be very soon!
SO good. That tapenade and cracker combo! Yum.
Got the picture and left. Didn't want to be a creeer before the show. I'll stay after. 807
Carder makes me smile.
that is awesome!
Btw, we punch bitches 
Love listening to @ on the TuneIn app on my phone when I travel for work. It's like being home!
I usually start my morning off right by spilling coffee on myself
And may the friends gathered below it never fall out.
Special shout out to and his band "Taller Than Our Soul." Best of luck with that upcoming tour of yours! - JJ
thx kev, I can't believe it happened so fast :D
i gotta get off the lap top because i keep missing one direction! omg! louis preformance <3 wow!
Omg fanny pak leave
I texted oasis to 313131 and sure enough I got my VIP status, your social media rocks
Tricia, I found this GREAT video relating to social media. It is one of my tweets-I am married but engaged!!! Best,
it's like a random person asking you to take their money and invest it for them, and make a positive return for them for free
proud of my big latin ass and dont you forget it!
ah the U2 of burgers...
Yep. You read my mind.
Kinky! someone has to lay off of the NyQuil :-)
First partial solar eclipse since 2002 starts Sunday at 7:21 p.m.
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online
This is very important....Prometheus comes out in four weeks. Squee!
do you ever listen to hop cast?
Johnny Damon, you are our only hope
LOL He'll be quarantined by then...don't worry.
Are gas masks allowed? RT TONIGHT -- at Fillmore MB! Doors: 7:30p. Show: 8:30p.
we'll start the night out with a promise, sing it loud and honest. by the end of this we won't feel a thing.
All of a sudden the Celts and Sixers remembered how to play offense.
Whatcha been up to??
ah, it's so nice outside :) love this chill
The flavor on my Fruit Roll-Up package says "Sizzling Red/Yellow." So colors are spicy now?
Need to rally all my power songs to get through today.
My current political predication: Romney loses Michigan and Gingrich wins Georgia too narrowly.
Who has no arms, no legs and sits in front of your door? . . . Matt
90 minutes to go until I get to enjoy making/eating croque monsieur!! STARVED
Working 1-815 today. Longest day in a while. No more four hour shifts..
I think you you need to get on that house music
Lopez: At hospital, "we were told that...the injuries she sustained were not compatible with life." Taken to ICU to monitor, say goodbye,
Hubby bought a 2nd restaurant in Cleveland Park! Opening this summer
Son this nigga is SNORING SO LOUD in the waiting room im jtfo
You're welcome.Probably will get real interesting. I'll give you details first. Police took photos but I don't have copies yet.
yay! So exciting and so delicious!!
New blog post : Advantages and Disadvantages of Protein Powders
Nick Young's shirt. Nuff said.
Looking forward to it!
4 days off = glorious!
Pics are in! They will be posted soon! Keep checking our Facebook for them! www.facebook.com/everydayheromusic
Ayyoo T$ follow Back Please! I love You so much<3
Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass
I really dont we were on the phone for like 20 secs
Thanks for all the shouts, RTs, & overall love!
I eat tasty meals and have made Paleo my lifestyle without feeling like I am depriving myself of anything
thank you for following and being #150! :)
hahaha!!! when he does is an excellent tweeter
#Right-wing economic theory celebrates competition. Yet, right-wingers are so afraid of #OWS competition? Toughen up!
that's the spirit brother
~~ Read Tip 6/7 ~~ Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 6: Use facial expressions to convey the appropriate reaction.
I'm backing Tucci up on this one! It's true
Thanks for the follow!
The silliest maybe :) How are things with you? Practicing much with your green light saber?
Tomorrow the Censusu Bureau releases county-level poverty figures. How has WI fared during the recession? We'll know more tomorrow.
Let's bring out the rain boots
Gary: "It's rainin men hallelujah" ahahahaha
I tried telling you😳
8 oh my n Bone Daddys huh :-), thts "my Jack!" When is the next "grown folks nite" at yalls spot???
practically crying tears of joy watching Haylin dance her first dance as Mrs. Martin.
Everyone in this bar will kill the one Rangers fan here who won't shut up. Come on #caps!
I hope the curling iron worked for marlynn ^-^
Jason Terry LOL come on dude.
I was bought to say Lol thanks girl
How much longer?
Blast kills 70 @ house in #Hama, #Syria. Childish prank? Innocent civilians? No, #MuslimBrotherhood. RT
Im Not The Only One.! Will Join Me(:
Just got some water to a client in Green Lake
will you be coming to England?:) I hope so, you NEED to!<3 will you please give me a shoutout in your Q+A video?<3 ily
#nowplaying "Your melody" by prepping for this Saturday!!!
Some quotes have been shared with multiple versions on the Web with slight variations in each
I'm seeing tomorrow. It's about to get real sexual up in there.
man I'm brewing up some knowledge so I can have a stronger forefront soon to come! So just laying it low....
Jealousy && envy are basically the same word
Great read on copyright and ownership. "Common as Air: Revolution, Art, and Ownership" by Lewis Hyde.
Love it. Clippers come back to win, Griz fans stumbling towards bridges, & just for a little bit Laker fans can shut the hell up!
It’s got a lot less fat and more protein, and IMO tastes better anyway
hey :) I love loiter squad I LIKE CHEESE ! Follow back ?
burying pain can plant seeds that grow into bitterness
I love that halloween/ants matching combo
i just want to give up dana i didnt sleep last night. like i hate this feeling i was i could talk to him one more time
God knows we've missed you, too!
Do you know a couple that are in a bad relationship? Do they need a love intervention? Email us at
Putting an "lol" at the end of your text does not make it any less malicious
yeah, I basically become a badass when I'm older
Amazing feeling,when you wake up and is online :)
i love that reese witherspoon ALSO loves "overboard." awesome movie! i just...ate a bug. cc
That's too bad. I've always believed zettaflops were a certainty.
Twitter is the Uzi on the nightstand. Sure, it could be helpful; odds are it won't be :)
Working through Rodney King's "The Riot Within" for a #BookReview for the published by
Thx. We plan on it!!
It works but a bit touchy. Advanced slides every time presenter said "what's the next step..."
They doing mad homework rite now in reach i feel accomplish cause i did mine last night
tf? Wrong person >.<
If I were a crayon my color would be razzledazzle red!
Moving today :-)
LOL. I kind of love how blatantly implausible her campaign promises are... free puppies for all!
What is HMU?
idk Wat it was so nope
Suite seats at Isotopes rock!
Great job today Liz!! We are proud of you!
Man I wouldn't shake his hand wit a broke hand.
yeah let's do it!:D haha
bro okc all the way follow if agree
I like those too. Especially Skittles. People don't get enough sugar in their diets. LOL
It's not my fault I'm late. They put a #fiveguys where I could see it.
Heat looking like pure shit right now
crib thinkin bout my bae while he's working......
uh yeah
You can do anything, but not everything. - David Allen
