#MLSScheduleIsLateBecause Garber and the boys are still watching the replay Tim Howard's goal.
thanks you so much baby!! :) my cousin LOVES her and would be REALLY happy if peyton follow me :) :)
As I went to bed at 11:15 that night, I realized that I didn't miss it a bit. I miss hanging out with you, though!
What? No Family Guy tonight for a Fox Anniversary Special?
Barca aide Melanie Conklin reports that the police presence outside Assembly chambers just increased significantly.
you love me secretly
Ahh, Im not sure if we have someone in that class currently but if we do it would be Maria Pena-Morales. If you see her say hi!
Getting my diploma tomorrow. Yuh.
yep even more so, that's what spooked me at first, that's why I wanted to go slow ... mistake on my part for being too wary
thanks for the referral to Gui at Atari. Really appreciate it. How are things going with you?
How to lower hc costs? Invest in #SupportiveHousing: the proven way to reduce hospital readmissions. Stop practice of #DischargeToNowhere!
Soured Clothes: If your clothes have 'soured' in the washer before you could get them dry, wash them again with a little ammonia
We're working on getting Tringled out there. Wish us luck! Know any good conspiracy websites?
it is because our window to win with him is about 5-7 years. could've gotten better at a different position thatll last longer.
whats up bro
I completely agree there my brother, and pour whiskey on pain! Glad to see you doin some REAL country!
Interested in our afternoon intensive course? Space is still available! call 703-522 0005
What's up with everyone saying they're "real" now. That's such a cop out. Everyones "real" just some people are douchebags.
HAHAHA, that's pretty adorable...
#FML left ny lunch at home it was going to be soo good to
I love talking to on over the phone. It's one of the only places I can talk about how funny a prez #Obama is...
The laptop bag and goodies goes to... !
Exhausted from a busy day. Glad to finally be able to sit an do my devotional
It's totally refreshing
Good evening...
Fluttering a little, as you flutter.
Last week to get your $23 tickets to Elitch Gardens for June 20. Enter "PINKINTHEPARK" in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
when a memmory comes into your mind every time you hear a particular song >>> & call me maybe hahahaha (:
": Wow, Allie.. That was pretty shitty." #truthhurts I have beer for you KW
What I luv abt following is 1/2 the time I have no idea what he's talking about...then i figure it out and it's even more hilarious!
Woke up kanina and I was like where is my bisita?? I mean yon naki-SO. She's too early kung ganun.
oh the horror. Let's hope that never happens.
excited for the caps game tonight...what can i say...i'm a fair-weather fan lol
Rip to an OG Nate Dogg! All dogs go to heaven
Looking forward to "Funny About That" with tonight!
girl I miss the prom!!;(
That article is hysterical. Thanks for tweeting it. :)
Ugh, realized I need definite pesach plans... Anyone have suggestions in the DC area (inside the beltway)
good luck in your next fight! Can't wait to see you in action!
I named my light switch 'Austin' because I like to turn it on......
Ok Manila is great. We r going to dress rehearsal for an installation performance called Imelda based on the tour of her residence long day
My head exploded after trying to make sense of the last life cycle diagram-- although that may have been the point
Do You Agree With Your Facebook Friends’ Politics? Not Likely [STUDY]
OMG what is that pic? I'm so confused LoL XD And sorry my HP knowledge is minimal at best.
Nap time
its mee! I still love myy ex boyyfriend but he was a real Jerk! </3
not yet
hey punk wyd
Throw me a follow. Thanks. Dr. Spanish
you guys are so amazing and talented! If you followed me back... I would scream and it's late here!<3 love you!
I'm so tired.
lol i have a orange dot on my foot where he threw a highlighter at me
RT I don't know how u niggas can sit there and lie to each other knowing that u had . I SAY LET'S CALL THEM OLD BITCHES UP
Isn't that what cable is for?
I'm only happy when it snows
thanks brother!!! “: Amazing job getting on the festival”
Girl I know...I am the worst Twatter in the world.......Twinzies!!!
Last summer, I escaped from an asylum. You know the three digits. Bitch, you better dial 'em.
RT If you like the Google sign for mother's day!
If you work for Telemundo you get a ton of Pussy/Cock thrown your way....FACT
seriously?! How does this happen?!? EVERY team LITERALLY every team I hate!
Looking forward to seeing you and your entire team tomorrow!
" I can't begin to say how much I agree w/this RT : If it isn't something you'd say in person, don't say it on twitter"
True. RT : Cleaning out/filing my inbox is so satisfying.
My interview at the TV station went off like the 4th of July! Your boy's gonna' be on TV! Details of when and where to follow my peeps!
no question follow back n check dm my email is
William A Raabe is explaining how US now has the highest corporate tax rate in the world and how that harms our economy and costs job.
electpavarini today from 5pm to 7 pm meet and greet at grump,s in tremont on west 14
Been catching up on bookkeeping all day. Almost done, but sure don't like the outcome! 4 months with no clients = scary!
!!! THX for the re-tweet and CONGRATULATIONS on accumulating 12,000 followers! That is quite a #twitter feat :0)
If you take a toll road to work, try seeking an alternative. You may be surprised that it is possible to avoid paying tolls.
on purpose :) i'm a big old organic vegan foodie now
did you see all the fake politicians laughing drinking out there dixie cups while children eatin outta trash cans
RT : I was honored to be with you tonight. Thank you for moderating tonights chat
Need for legal reform to end violence v women
where are you beaner dancing lol
There you go, Matt Capps has a DIRTY FUENTES!
About to head home and watch these games
its only 10 30 and u talkin about margaritas
Baby ! Baby ! Baby ! Baby ! No like Baby Baby Baby Oh
New poll shows overwhelming majority of Americans believe Mitt Romney to be an awful person. A truly awful person. And mean too.
shrimp in the pocket, bonzai!!!
which I think is a problem with cbb. Very unequal and difficult to break in for outsiders.
Keisha is so damn scary...I've never seen a person so scary b4..
true statement u tripping bro
you are sweeter =]
- You better have your homework done too ...books come first my man!
Just described a pair of pants as "big bird, in a good way" what's wrong with me??
I do tweet every blue moon lol
Do i have anger issues?
polo ralph lauren pas cher Lanzhou officials writer accused of ...
Things on your bucket list that I already did #127: Say "FUCK" on live TV. Twice.
If you ever meet them in person, my friend they'll have you ROLLING ON THE FLOOR with laughter!! HA! Hilarious! =D
I'm reading "Enchantments" by Kathryn Harrison and having a hard time getting into it, though I do love the subject matter.
Shoutout to for voting for my song!!! I appreciate that!!!
This is the year!
'Someone found a letter you wrote me on the radio'. RIP Donna Summer
Who wants to be our 1,000th follower?! Think of what you'll win: being our 1,000th follower! Oh, and #braggingrights at #HHawards!
Please follow me jessica! im a huge fan of yurs!
James Foster / Cincinnati, OH / web design & user experience / has a site at number 1 on teh google!
Oh you celebrate 4/20? Congratulations you're to trashy to have a job that drug test.
Marilyn Davenport should B made an example of. It's not appropriate 4 a representative 2 act in this manner. C my next Tweet 4 a link.
Why always Josh Cooper and not the ADS' beat write Dave Boehler from MJS?
Hey! Do you think you could bring the gauges todayy? D:
when you keep chocolate icing under your pillow for a snack
but now I have a kureg.
my dad said at least it wasn't "internal communications intracommunicator"
Having some tea and caramel digestives before bed <3
hey crazy lady. What are you filming?
Look what followed me home, ma! RT : All my union organizing family couldn't be happier, I've been follwed by
Just finally got that damn tick out of Kisha. Glad she's okay
“: 'ever fallen in love with someone you shouldn't have fallen in love with........'” Buzzcocks, right ?
ha.. no... its just HOT again in TEXAS.. even my CHOCOLATE CANDY melted hope u dn't LOVE CHOCOLATE because I ate it all. lol =p
You betta check yo self before you wreck yourself!
Fact: being hipster is actually so mainstream now that it's not hipster anymore
crisis averted! They are good again!
I asked for their number.. because they are "away on assignment" ...just playing their game back
Okay, I guess you're not an American.
you & friends(:
I am a happy drunk baby :c
Hey everyone please follow ñez !!! :D
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Ah that boy is mine was that song omg that was my jam
Libizcard experiencing tech problems. Will be taken care of shortly
Bummed I let husband take my car because I am craving fro yo like nobody's business.
best dinner ever. Gotta go 12 thermo!
hi there
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
delicious delicious brisket
life is beautiful
"Hold your breath, because tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again. Don't make me change my mind."
i'LL BELiEVE iT WHEN iT HAPPENS...
‎#2012WishList 4) Niggas that wear boots with cotton fold-down tops to them....not to forget to tuck their balls
thinking of you bernie. hope you get all you deserve
he's tough
of course!:)
3/3 at 5 pm Red Star it is!
im seriously the fattest person ever.
Time going by so slow
Would love to have a job in entertainment just wave the magic wand and get paid that's 4 lazy people work hard and get paid studio5one2.com
How can it NOT be that one time when Simon actually complimented
GAHHH! I don't know if I will be in VA or not but I would DEFINITELY be down
If you are in a library, I think its polite to turn the sound off on your phone. I don't need to hear train whistles or song snippets.
Y THE SAD FACE
25 days alcohol free and I am starting to see what my drinking screwed up
will be at the The Rock Shop in Brooklyn, NY this Sunday Night at 9pm! Come ROCK with us!youtu.be/HeQrW4o9mlw
my meeting tomorrow was just cancelled, hows your editing going?
Caterpillars stay in oblivion so they can transform themselves into beautiful butterflies.
RT : Heathrow unveils Terminal 5 satellite - 340 million Pound area will handle another three million passengers
They say your mind is like a powerful computer so be sure you upgrade data often and don't forget to dump your deleted items...old memory!
Evelyn From Basketball Wives Is A Bad Ass Chick... Yes Ma'am...
It's freezing in this class>.<
Hey :) thanks again for letting me know. It's ready...
has some amazing meatballs! that's our #meatballobsession !!!
I'm starting the week off with the endorsement of Local 1447 whose members include drivers and mechanics!!
Cheerful Shambhala Day everyone!
happy now
you're a loser.
Dnt wanna lose over no dumb hoe
RT : #LiNC Rob Tarkoff 1996 - Viagra. 2001 - Segway by Steve Jobs | It's hard to predict what's going to be a lasting innovation!
Quench your thirst with on 05.03.12 at the In the Art of the City event
wrapping up our first camp-rey here on weds. our students and teachers are awesome!
I'm not quite losing faith, just giving it time to make up its mind.
on a brighter note... now interning for Mares Management!!!
JUST LMAO! Color your world happy with Color By Numbers ... I will set up an online gallery to showcase ur finished artwork!
Positive weekend that included a lot reservation in Country Club Estates and a great time at the ! Let's keep it going!
The Rockies mascot is an animated, purple dinosaur. Whaaaaaaa?
Looking for Oscar <<< 😥
Your the key to my soul.
Ok thanks dear!
well crap. At least it was the chocolate?
wait she was a facebook employee? so, she's actually skilled and smart and chose to be the bachelorette anyways?!
My Saturday morning starts with fresh juice and bike ride to the farmer's market :)
Which food truck are you most interested in?
Your site works fine usin a Mac with FireFox.
team fight at Cantwell, the entire team and coaching staff involved in a brawl. Playoff bound Cantwell in trouble.
lol yeah that was funny. so how r u?
quesadillas and homemade tortilla chips =
The few, the proud; the coupon clippers
girl hush
very much agreed !
Growling becuz of someone named amber
Back is fucked up. I'm walking around like a pregnant zombie. I hate being old.
Here in Bible college learning about empowered leaders...
Enjoy a #lifestyle discount vacation $100 per night visit us
@ Warbler Woods w towhees, thrashers, meadowlarks, butterflies. pretty day. where's the roadrunner?
Help them girls find beauty with out a movie or a magazine
#VonChurch needs gameplay programmers w/ experience for A studios on both coasts.
I guess Kato is looking for a new place?
wish u got traded to cleveland. We can use a #1. Good luck in NE tho
To be honest I just want to sleep today. And I want my car back.
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want but you will never find one without a huge dent in it Nobobdys perfect-especially you
's "Sudarios" opens May 11 in Mexico City in , and will be on view through June 5.
I'll do the naughty things you like!!!
that's wassup, I'm working and get ready to go back up to NY this afternoon
Aaaaaahhhhhh!!! I'm going to Florida! #musicisFANTASTIC (it can take you places) ;D
Had a great time at #pm101 last week, thank you for letting me participate!
If was a #brewery, we would make a Kim Jong Ale. What flavors would you expect from this oppressive beer?
Oh, nice. The most evocatively titled book on my desk at the moment is "Midnight at the Well of Souls"
Summer school imma be on my 💩 !!
and what else am I doing today?
Things Target Field Needs: A song about MN to play after a win. Cause U2 ain't cutting it.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see - Mark Twain
Oopsy! Batteries at 10% on iPhone.
guess what!!
Cant wait to get back To WA and get me some XIPA
Hmong Village is a pretty exciting place. You can eat like a king for less than $10. A St. Paul must see!
today is my best friend in the whole world 's birthday, care to give her a shout out? I want today memorable for her!
Stephen - what's happenin' today in your world? Hope it's something fab!
Just caved in to peer pressure and got TweetDeck. Holy cow is this sweet! How did I survive without it?
So. tomorrow I'm interviewing a newborn. Hope we can both stay awake and neither one of us cries.
haha, because when I went to florida it was the best place ever, so just let me pretend;)
What a fantastic game! Let's go, Knights! RT FINAL FOUR! So proud of Two games away from STATE Champions!
Gov. Chris Christie "marriage should be between a man and a woman or peanut butter and chocolate or caramel and nougat"
Hey you all need any assistance over at Leaders1354? I know a young guy who's interested
I absolutely believe that without a doubt, people ARE being deprived by the absence of your book.
hehehehe omg wait chat me
im crying..... i couldnt figure out how to listen to the radio thing, i called 51 times in the last 5 mins and its NO USE! D'=
I can't believe I was crazy enough to take the kiddies to the pool again. Shoot. Me. Now.
Brotha its Manning Monday, I can't wait to celebrate. RT : We got this PM coming to DEN!!!
You bet Barry!
ROOFTOP ARCHITECTURE FILM TONIGHT. starts around 7:30pm. be there.
Nothing like a lil' late night circuit breaker drama, in the rain to boot, to get the ol' heart going. Not in an electrocuted way, luckily!
ASK ME STUPID RANDOM QUESTIONS!
Off to NYC this weekend with the Kinetik team: Chet Haze, Mr Brooks 3D, and Briggs G!
Oh yes, I've seen that look from Murphy Dog!
Flyline welcomes our newest client Elite Shutters and Blinds in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Thank you Susie for your business!
Already home about to go to sleep...
Make sure when you get the tattoo's, make sure you get them on the right knuckles(: lolol
Channel surfing for boobs
That's my song :)
Are you watching Dancing with the Stars ? Would you ever think about being a contestant ?
uh scary! What kind?
Bonus! The Marin IJ didn't use that press photo you hate! (I like the one they used, btw).
RT : World Premiere of Milkey Halsted "I Got It" F/ Tia London Coming up Next!!!!!
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. - Sacha Guitry
good one! It looks like he might have kept notebooks...have you ever seen one?
Are you a A Developer with Console or MMO Experience interested in finding a new position?
yeap, will do =)
Thank u so much ..lol I think he did too
Goodnight twitter ppl :-)
Dear , either keep me logged in or redirect me back to the page I was looking for when you made me login. Thanks.
It's What Would U Do Wednesday at the www.knowledgesafari.com blog! Blog reader Kathleen has a question for you!
Pets expansion pack for Sims 2 was my favorite. I made more dogs than people.
That sounds like fun! I love WV! It's so pretty out there!! I know you'll have a blast!! :)
hi how are you?
Forgot to mention John, Erik and I rushed lottery tickets for Wicked on Sat. Erik and I won seats but John did not. :( It was a great show!
I saw someone post it on FB-haven't heard a sound of it yet but it made me dig out their 1st cd tonight
Had a whole tour of 42 salons for the "Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days". One Salon Manager told us that he did it in 10!... SHOWOFF, lol
are you getting your mom anything?
argggghhh I wish I were there! Are these movies accompanied by live piano players?? That would be amazing.
Someone just keep me company so I don't hurt these people! x
Taken with a Canon DSLR
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight
I meant to say "lunch" not "lucy"… What do you mean initiatives? Sorry, don't understand.
Omg. Lol. I wanna see that movie so badly >.<
Good morning to everybody tho.
referred you to me for your Streak 7. Did you buy it in the UK?
Love wifi on the plane. But FREE wifi on the plane is even better! Thanks American!
Sure glad I didn't give up beer for Lent! Needed one after 13 hours at church
can't hang but c u tmrw
The two segments for Hour #1 have a bad link on today's podcast ... thanks.
realistically Sean Spence could start 10+ also, smart lb, who helped keep the u competitive against my 'Noles
Thanks for your questions yesterday... Sorry we couldn't get to them...
what do ya mean I've been on like erday! & th they were I was laughing so bad they ecused them of kidnapping a girl &
First I changed plans to see you ; now revised again to sell your merch. See you tomorrow!!
whats a pink dolphin?
26 days till field season.
no school tomorrow:>)
This chick goes for swag fags ,I don't have a chance. :l
u better be happy there is 800 miles twixt us right now....dear....or I would come up in yo sandbox.
Time ... It heals us spiritually, but physically kills.
Heading to set in four hours. Lined shooting script is locked. -JO
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.....
Ima be in Vegas Friday & Saturday. Anyone looking to meet up for a business meeting?
In my mind, what I saw was bcuz of that was, they couldn't lead. You can't lead if you can't adapt.
Motherfuckers need to shut up.
CBEADLES FACT: Christians shoes are mainly SUPRA:O
Those who find strength and courage to continue inspired action everyday after the initial inspirational moment(s) are those who succeed.
I Had To Return All Those Cans Of “Evaporated Milk”. They Were “Empty”
Thanks for the RTs!
Thanks Kelley! Can't wait to see you soon!
Thank you my friends for your RTs, mentions
been a dorm rat all weekend...just waiting for to get off work:)
The best way to be original is just to be yourself
Awesome fun day at the first comic convention I've ever been to! It's fun even if you don't read comics hardly ever!
The Buggy Board rocks! The perfect solution to not having to buy a double stroller. A universal board that fits most strollers!
How are my darlings?? Hope you're all having a lovely day! ~Xoxo Cat 💗
And there's nap
At Cinetopia Progress Ridge to see if I can get a refund on midnight Avengers ticket. He wants to go- Nurse Jill says no.
an you lol
Thanks Steve! And thanks for not firing us from back in the day. I'm sure we deserved it somehow
You're the parody. RT : And now another parody account? What the fuck.
Um, Humboldt Park is getting a music festival!? Hipsters, what are you doing?? I liked it better when people feared it. cc:
LETS GO CENA...
I love it!
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
"It is not through dying, but through Christ's resurrection that a new and cleansing wind can blow through our present world…"
sorry! come back! I must have missed the tweet *scrolling*
Abiding.... always so needed and intensely vital to our life in the Beloved. Abide, girl. Delight is on it's way even more.
No one said the Road to Redemption was going to be a smooth ride. 31 SC - 0 HU FINAL.
Man who got a computer for sale or knows who to fix 1
happy Easter!
who survived today's earthquakes?
Glad you're having such an amazing time! I know you missed everyone! Love you tons!
well said
from the bx but been in the roc since 02 I'm between here n maimi. #wht up tho
Is a don't-scoop-the-wire policy for news organizations outdated in the age of Twitter? on.mash.to/tS19fQ via
I listen to LowStrung.net rock cello music for inspiration. Group is from Yale. This tweet is for fun....not legal info business!
Just found out that im not allowed in Canada anymore...Say one bad thing about Maple Syrup and everyone overreacts
I'm a firm believer O_o
I'm not the crying type though
I got a pair of suede Pumas.Within a week they were ruined -_-
American Deli it is. I love Popeyes chicken nuggets though... 😍 lol
stop trying to be liked and start being you.
I think is bored ._. And wants head..
GOODNIGHT to all that love life, world of peace sounds like a good nights sleep
fuck maintain boy i gotta keep ballin!!!!!
thanks for stopping by tonight. Enjoy the rest of your stay!
Andi Smith EPA WA: We maximize flexibility, wrap natural supports around kids, and let data show us where the angst is in our system
Seafood enchiladas in Red Bluff? I don't think so.
Now I'm glad you've got a broken heart, cause I've been trying to fix mine from the start.
hey good lookin:) how've you been?
Thanks ! Gotta love those #smalltowns! Hope all is well in MN
Congratulations to on the Emmy Host Announcement. It's about time they gave him the gig!
Great night of fun at the fair. Now back to work.
S/O to my new followers , , and Thanks! :-))
if that's what makes you happy then so be it, congrats!!!
I thought 50 Shade of Grey was a damn good suggestion
Posey is intriguing. And NOT just because he's a
I must agree. Research needed. RT your "mommy bloggers" infographic SUCKS and is INSULTING in many ways.
Mortgage rates hit record lows again. woohooo
I've been waiting for you!
go tomorrow so I can go with you please
Best activities for inducing plot point ideas: running, walking the dog, drinking beer. Guess which is my favorite.
Thanks for the RT and the follow!
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her. ~ Agatha Christie
Let's do it, baby!
Same sensor as EPIC, just not as fast.
I saw you guys in DC so you guys also went to Richmond wish I went
I'll do all I can!
I have not-will check it out. Thanks!
At #OMMAGlobal? Visit Tae and Derek at the Meteor booth in the social lounge to send #ROI skyrocketing with
how bout them callers??!?
Nearly 1,300 people gathered at the Hilton Bayfront for the 24th Annual #AllPeoples breakfast to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
den get off twitter
thank you very much.
So the latest idea is that Im working on a comic book.
What was her reaction? will she get one? or does she feel too intimidated by the new technology?
Deadmau5 Video Game Slim-Fit T-Shirt
Think like a MAN (TODAY)
Loved a bit of van nistelrooy.. Not sure he gets in though
Me & the Wineauxs perform at JJ's wine Bar in Downtown Franklin TN Thursday night, June 2nd from 7 to 10
Yes, yes they are!! RT The is just a week away....the next 7 days are going to be b-a-n-a-n-a-s
Thanks for the follow Stevie!! =)
I see, Layin low and outta sight. Days Cooli-o, me um where do I begin. I was dumped, over twitter remarks ha,
It's over 400lbs of steel hanging from one arm. The math and mostly theory both add up. I feel good about this.
I need to become a better steward of my online identity.
feel better Bug :)
thats the best bet! lol cant go wrong in oc
up 2-0 against the Yanks in the 1st:)
Join on May 10th - 11:00 at booth 5672. The topic will be Smartphones and Tablets. We hope to see you there.
Everyone I knew in CA knew the song. First time I've had group who drew complete blank!
Well my day has offically started! (: <3
Tell more?
Had meetings in Webex, GoToMeeting and Skype this morning. Maybe I'll get around to opening a design application after lunch!
we want some real gameplay clips tonight
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 14 15:00 in 3rd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
move 2 LA
Don't be afriad of the crossfade.
“Any man who can drive safely while kissing a #pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves” - Albert Einstein
miss u too!!
is that because the Rangers won last night.
Watching The Biggest Loser with Viggle Tue | 19 | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Happy birthday to my bruda zee man
People think its fun to pretend to be monsters, I spend my life pretending I'm not.(Dexter)
The sight of Don Draper air humping Justin Beiber on last nights SNL short was pretty classic.
Difficult to think that the Maya, with all their monumental structures, would reduce the notice of end-cycle of 2012 to a tablet or brick.
What up half day?
Katie Simpson (:
U gotta get the ground beneath ur feet partner.get the wind behind ur back and go out in a blaze if u got to.
lol not quite. I'm torn! I was leaning a bit toward the Webb...
Girls who come to the gym to walk on the treadmill < anything else .... Save ur money and just walk to work
Swung at ball 4...
. Your book is about a cross-cultural romance. So is mine between a Sherpa and American. Beyond the Summit
By far our best ice game tonight in a 5-3 L. Robbed a few guys. Really happy for/proud of my teammates. Gave it their all.
Sometimes you have to stop thinking so hard about it. Just DO it.
oh its happened like 3 times before...
I need a hug
I Love <3
Your getting a little too comfortable.
LOL, m. I've picked you up on the street before, bby.
Love the post! My 2.5 yr old is so concerned about others feelings too. Will I see you tomorrow morning at the Union?
"if you find something you Love to do, you'll never have to work a day in your life!"
RT “: Wow... People and this lottery...”
“: out sun bathing:-)” sounds lovely !
I hate you guys! #amidoingitright ;-)
RT : Dear Firefox, you need a WAY bigger refresh button. Sincerely, #wiunion Agreed!
I will right now(:
working with new drummers has got me all tired and stuff...bagel, coffee, let's do this!
social network thugnes is working for you cause you know you fear me in the physical form
I do, what style are you looking for?
Restaurant week! Get your reservation for Salute at opentable.com!
Pebbling at the local Boys & Girls Club tomorrow - yeaaahhhh!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 346
Lmbo, So when u talk to'em play dumb & act like u didnt see them call'n & continue on like nuffin ever happen'd
When tweets I'll probably scream cuz he hasn't make a real tweet in a while...
Good luck to everyone returning to evacuated areas today. You all are in our thoughts.
absolutely love doing that! it's amazing how many shooting stars you can see on an ordinary night
Ditto, man! Have fun :)
Dear Favre, you suck.
thanks do much! FileZilla seems to be the FTP client of choice. Do you like it better than fetch for Mac?
Damn I'm tired from this benefit
check out , they have lots of helpful tools and best practices to help with that kind of stuff :)
I'm second guessing myself...feeling like I should get a Boesch or Jackson jersey...what would you do?
You get what you give.
I have made a liar out of every male that has ever told me they dont give head.... But all this fool can say is you not ready for that...O_o
I think it's important to transition to a healthy lifestyle with tiny small steps like watch TV standing up or cut out 1 bad food per day.
Do you not think so far ahead?? Cause I've been thinking about forever!
aren't raspberries like the best berries ever?! love them, especially with chocolate!
If you'd like to call us, we'll be happy to get an order all set up for you. 888-937-6677
“: Sat down with editorial board @ Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Good discussion on savings, jobs, future...” No where to go but up
Nice that is showing where the #Chorizo lawn ornaments still are at Miller Park
Sweet lil dude born a year ago today!! Happy Birthday tweet for
someone text me,i need new friends,everyone here is so shitty!
Hella people at UNLV taking their SAT right now.
Nothing compares to Dr. Pepper <3
Thanx for following! There's nothing sweeter than a daddy/daughter love. Expecting my first granddaughter in Sept.!
I dub you JR, cuteus maximus
G No man is worth your tears, and when you find the man who is, he'll never make you cry.
She rocks
AS WELL AS HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN.....
Best way to print is to select the cues you want to print, copy, and then paste them in to a spreadsheet or text document.
If someone wants to be a part of your life they'll make an effort to be in it.
Id rather a kickass weekend long relationship rather than a summer long relationshit.
There is a reason why Ovie doesn't get ice time. He's makes terrible decsions on every shift. Horrible shots poor defense turnovers.
I love Jazz!!
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Easter bottle hunt! We will be announcing our winner very shortly.
The Social Security Administration reported Security Security will be exhausted by 2036. I'll be 60 years old. Sounds about right.
In order to see the light you have to know the dark,the hardest part of success is to succeed from others holding you back.
 He want that green light special 
I do not have a grade for my Twitter 2 assignment in Webcampus, but I got it back. Should I bring it in?
You a fantasy player? You should check out our site - instant cash prizes, weekly freerolls.
the most interesting conversations seem to start with, "we have backups, right?"
Happy Women's Day! We are so lucky at CWCC to be surrounded by strong & intelligent women.
Prepared all day for a 3 hr class tonight only to find we can leave if we're not presenting today!
Thank you November for a month full of memories. See ya next year!
I was told today "I've never seen someone with that piercing. You look like a bull drinking beer" apparently septums arent popular in Dublin
Sports scags make Hollywood darlings look sophisticated, and that's not a good thing at all.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
What is this talk about a crown?
Thank you for sharing!
Losing followers. :'( fuck everytime I go an hour without tweeting I lose a follower. Fuck you guys.
oh no! that's terrible ):
Thank you for all of the awesome birthday wishes :). The funny part is that they all came from people I actually know and care about :)
thank you! How have you been? It's been awhile since we talked.
My parents worry about stupid shit like for a fb post about being hungry?
I'm so excited for the show!
HA HA!! LOOK OUT!!
thnx for the shout out! :)
RT : The bus will get hijacked because that would be appropriate.
Celebrate Spring! Making a chocolate cake today :)
Football players got cute butts lol
Are u there
yes please c;
Happy Easter to you too! :)
Thanks for the kind words and the RT.
i feel sad that you're watching it... dating shouldn't be portrayed as a competition between women.
If you voluntarily quit in the face of adversity, you'll wonder about it for the rest of your life.
An hour and ten minutes until
follow back please(:
k bye
Realize da power u have!
Why do Dems support ppl lying on tax returns re: how many eligible children they have so they can fraudulently collect child tax credits?
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman
dont give it to her! Hah and allen came up with that
you are fantastic! I love you
I hate my school.
This weekend I've watched some fantastic movies. My Week With Marilyn. W.E. & The Iron Lady. Loved them all.
Doesn't "reading my mind" imply I already know what book I want?
Does anyone need a prom dress?
I do need Bron to check Granger shit though
u ain't kidding!!!!!
I like to play tennis and golf
he hasnt text me back in a while, but i'll tell him
I love you more.
Oregon = mail in voting
T minus 23 twenty three hours!!!! Till VAY... CAY... SHUN!!!! Within the next 10 days I will be in cbus, san diego and VEGAS!!!! Watch o ...
only cause you learned from the best!
Before THATCamp, nice to revisit the Newberry where there is a day-long conference in honor of Kathy Conzen by her students
Burgers, beer and a walk-off win at
#wow I wonder how much of the $540M will be pumped back into
Just remembered how stoked I am to be playing with Before Their Eyes at Amurica Fest 2011 . - Taylor
did you get your id and keys from my sister? i found them in my back seat.
*raises hand* RT : By show of hands who'll be at the Tigers game tonight?
Can I go home yet?
Experiencing a small issue with our Ticket Reservation services and working to have the Ticket Reservation process back up asap!
": False alarm. Joe is a prick. Sorry wonder." That's what I thought asshole
Pretty sure y'all forgot but here's the reminder. Idgaf who knows my business. And that includes my sex life.
We are partnering with Seattle Fashion Week to benefit Japan. Need samples and will give photo credits. new Hair Mag UpDoZ.com coming SOON!
#TeamQinTheCommunity starts here in less than 10min. Any quality San Diego info you want us to RT? Send us a tweet & we will feature you!
wishing for a happy end to
Home from Nashville - wrote two songs I'm excited about, and did a bunch of meetings - excited to see where God will take the book!
RT : Thanks for coming to #ReadySetConnect & sharing your...
a perfectly good night ruined!!! wish things were better
Maybe God will stop them...in his quest to rid the world of evil and sin
UConn has offered 2015 PG Jerron Love. They join TCU, St. John's, & Providence. I fully expect a few more BIG names to join the mix soon
Good After-noon twitter!!!
Cool! Hope you have a great day!
I feel ya' RT ": Trader Joe's Dark Chocolate-covered Pretzel Thins. That is all."
YES, you can write "Marty is a butt-face" for all I care!!!
One of our favorite out of state venues ever! Thank u to all of 3065 Live staff! Cant wait until next time #there will be many next times
I love the hair ur true fan is here for u
Well of COURSE is the way to go - great beer (and ciders), entertainment (bands+circus) & food in !
U too. Thanks.
Today's K atty tip: Visit a review facility before booking a #documentreview in it. #contractattorneys RUN from projects in sub-par spaces.
I couldn't find a fruit tray at Costco, any particular fruit I can get instead?
I know when to talk and when to be quiet.
Thanks for the suggestion, Twitter, but I don't want to follow McDonald's right now.
Please accept my huge apologies but the 'landscape' images will be delayed in being uploaded - should be a week or so
so whats up..? (: hope you had a nice day love!
Thanks for the RT. Following the money is a good way to understand what's driving current policies.
fortunate enough to run into her, even :)
Im watching it too!
Joline Blais: it took me thirty years to come home, to Maine - describes background in permaculture, organizing, new media
Who would be interested in a tweet up?
#askdave will Austin ever come to NC?!
my mother is the best!
Tweeting every minute till 11:29
Most satisfying: Dogs breath steaming in sunlight - Winter morning walk.
Ryan Nyther LIVE @ Close Up 2! TONIGHT!
Oh how sweet it is to be a boston sports fan!!!
so.. what are yall thinking about Justin's tweet? haha
“You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.”
"In the Basement of the Ivory Tower" by Professor X #fridayreads What are you reading?
Let's go #Clippers lets go!!
What's everyone doing today?
RT: stuffing face at #wingfest2012” >> #FTW how hot can you handle?
Looking forward to it! We hope the weather permits an exceptional outdoor rooftop experience!
Sorry but I don't think the top two results from American Idol was fair. It should have been Jessica and Joshua. That boy sang his heart out
The "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign now reads: "Welcome to Hell. If you lived here, you'd be home right now".
Getting a cup of Joe'sephine! :) and checking email before actual business hours!
I hate drunken beer sweats. This bitch besides me soaked my bed.
We can't control our world and what it thows at us. But, we can control ourself and how we choose to react to the world around us.
Mary Mary reality T.V show .... I can't wait
“: i don't owe anyone anything.”100
As you wish. Is there anything you still need?
Love "Curing Indiana One Pig At a Time" Yummy!!! #gffchi So many great farm/local products
what to play at Sybil's Slack n Spin - any requests? Especially from Sybil? and that Lorrie's art show looks great at Mother Fool's....
You are so sexy
This week "The Old Man's Picks" at The Cover Two website. 49ers & Ravens prevail. Harbaugh Bowl for all the marbles.
Siri, you can take the night off because I don't use you anyway.
Omg just saw this really huge guy driving a smartcar it's like 250 pounds of dude in a 20 pound bag.
Poll: Is getting overcharged $12 enough to call and request a refund?
that #brewer clubhouse must be in a state of shock
I ball SO hard!!
are you ok?
follow to feel empowered for eco change. She is one of my inspirations. Seriously punk rock of all motivating women!
Reading up on #alfresco - the extensible, open alternative to #sharepoint with add-ons, or the poorly-supported alternative with poor UX?
Summer Fun
Figured you'd be at the Bowl #HOFStud :)
customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA. Fantastic HD Virtual Tour and neighborhood info
New construction, remodeling or replacement of #windows or #doors in #Albuquerque or #Santa Fe call Jeff Reynolds (505) 362-0529. #Pella SW.
Had a good night & good night!(:
REFS ARE STRAIGHT ROBBING UNC ASHVILLE RIGHT NOW!!!!
Fired up Tip 732 open your mind & heart to others; try listen with compassion & connect meaningfully - it will fill you both
WHATS UP MY BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE FUK WIT UR GURL AND HELP ME PROVE EM WRONG...10000 FOLLOWERS IN 30 DAYS THEY SAY IT CANT BE DONE!!!! WATCH ME!!
gives me this rush of energy to do anything. I love it. It's my best friend. Go Music! <3
Tomorrow night we'll be debuting the Wild Thursdays PARTY BUS! A free shuttle from Loyola > Boystown > UIC > Victor Hotel!!
Solid pick. RT : spurs in 5
Have you visited the NAPA Employer Expo in 517a? Great time to talk with practitioners! #AAA2011 open until 4 pm
I want to #meetoscar this weekend ! I love chimpanzees <3 🐵
Sorry - My bad! Obviously couldn't type properly yesterday - also had been working on script all day. Enjoy Animal Kingdom!
I danced with Alex cause he begged me to(;
Did you know: Raw on USA: Last Monday, Raw was the #1 show on cable tv, beating all the NBA playoff games on TNT! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
You should never play with someones feelings
Goodnight everyone (: <3
Shower time ! Ah , excited about tomorrow !!
Taking a hot bath, with a pot of tea, candles and watching Life As We Know It.
IM BOUT TO TAKE MY AZZ BACK TO SLEEP!!! >>>
Hunger games, book 1, day 1. 222 pages in, and going strong.
Forget about losing balls... I just lost my driver head in the woods
Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets!
Am I the only one that's totally psyched for the Tebow/Lin bible study sessions??
And a BIG shout-out to the clever and talented folks in the UK for the #ff. Everyone go check them out, please.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
miss you to wahh come visit!
We're off to for the Experience Snowboarding event!
See, ? That joke's pretty funny.
RT : Put It Down.
I want to dance to My Best Friend by Tim McGraw at my wedding.
&T Internet #fails more often than it works.
cutest little birdie ever!! A little shocked that ANYONE could be naive enough to wonder if it was real! My nephew LOVES those!
lmfaoo im almost out of this class then ill play with you ! ;)
Advise to runners: If you go from 80 to 0 miles a week instantly, lethargy ensues.
#gorangers RT : Fired up for tonight. Already warmin up in my backyard. Radar gun gonna read mid 80s. Let's do this. Go rangers
I just wanna be back on tour
On my way to Union Park for May Day march.
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough.
AMEN RA IS KILLIN IT WITH THIS FEMCEE SET!!! stream live at power983fm.com
I come home after An amazing weekend, and was told that my 17yr old dog had passed away. #FML :'(
in my decade long search for the "train" ringtone from my LG flipphone of years past, i finally had to mail support. soon.....
Finishing up Thrive Lunch then we're all heading over! RT : At Wausau Business Expo come visit if you're int area!
good morning ashley :)
Follow & || Exclusive Events || Beautiful People
Trayvon Martin case won't go to a grand jury, says special prosecutor.
#AskBieber will you be touring in virginia and what inspires you ?
" Grow where you are planted. "~~~Proverb
I have a cake is my possession that is the equivalent of a heroin overdose to a chocolate lover.
Eyes red as fuck
I Would Tap Ian so hard ... Lmfao.
Women will never equal men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
RT : Matt - what was the head count at the celebration? << Can't honestly say. 15-18k? 20-25k? IDK.
will be undergoing a renovation. Renovations will include a redesign of the lobby, restaurant, and guestrooms.
#ChurchClothes Going Hard!!! S/O to that dude & then for hostin!
RT #Taurus don't talk their business to anyone.
Tonite was a great nite... s/o to the homee for putting it down for his album release party...
check out as well!!
uh huh. I'm looking at you the same way they did.
69 days until summer! 48 school days! we can do this!
Increasing social capital...
Appreciate my friends they are always there, u know who u are thanks for the support. Taking a break on the new release Rome,next yr man.
Of course I am going to vote for him. I also convinced 25 people to vote for him also.” thanks
Next up: Remy Peritz on EPIC FAILURE.
What's your fav spot in the #firestonedistrict?
Hey :D
Thank you to all the fab moms and dads who enjoyed and #thebigmeal yesterday, for supporting childcare at the theatre!
Gosh the cemetery was packed... to all the mothers to have passed away Happy Mother's Day! May you RIP.
There are only a few things that truly belong to me: Who I am, who I was, and who I want to be. <<===
Giving out complementary ZICO at Fiesta Hermosa!!! Come by and try the chocolate!!! Brand new flavor & oh, so god!! ;)
yeah! What do they know in their short years of life experience.
And all that I can give you Is an open door, All in all, it swings too lightly You won't beam through there anymore.
couldn't agree more! By the way. Luv me a gamerchick + a sports chick= greatest woman alive
do you belive rookie Yates can guide this playoff caliber Texan team the rest of the way there
Let Shlomo and Vito's take care of your Super Bowl Party with great game day deals! Call today and let us help set your party off right!
Girl! I completely forgot to stop by. Next time I'll come find you with the curly hair do.
Keep me in ya prayers please.
you will !! no worriess !
Anybody know of a great #car for sale on #Maui? My car was hit while it was parked on the street. Total loss!
If anyone wound like to send me love letters via email do so now... Talk to you soon ;)
i love you on tvd
haha nice now you can tell Benny says they used excessive force!
Hey boss. FYI, my unit in MPLS will have an opening for you in Nov....#justsaying LOL!
Dorothy Parker! Stegosaurus. Triceratops make us think of that pile of poop in Jurassic Park. Rembrandt or Rubens?
Iron Chef: Peanut Butter
to our new friends here on twitter, please help us to get more followers! be blessed!! :)
all recovered from cinco de mayo?
L.A. weekly calls FTGU "an unusually talented and seasoned ensemble cast" Come See "Getting Out" 7pm at Lyric Hyperion www.lyrichyperion.com
/// Too much Gucci Mane.........not enough Most Def.
I guess she got a DUI, scraped the side of a cop car, and ran from a cop when he was writing her a ticket :/
I can't do this all on my own, no I know i'm no superman.
god is in the details. v'chamat hamelech shachacha.
Do it. Then we should adventure to vegas.. Nick can play craps, ill play roulette and you and Mark can talk to strangers.
Indeed. You?
Hey there trying to add you too but won't let me
Its impossible for me to lay down without falling asleep -.-
Cena referencing the Pens to be relevant. He's a good face but man he's a ripoff of the Rock
ya just try out everywhere
we call our repub equivalent "racist with a parliamentarian background" in German.
Follow back please (:
right now my bro is asleep
To all mothers if no1 tells you today let me be the one...You are strong, loved, important & most of all beautiful have a Happy Mothers Day!
The kid my friend likes is moving down the rode from me.
Redefining old Chicago meat-packing district, aquaponics pioneers raise greens ... - Washington Post
Just so happens we are the SAME PERSON.
Today is awesome.
When the kitchen plays songs that remind me of ... (: (:
Don't play yourself..Let The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee do that..poets..indie musicians.send me your hottest MP3 s. listen on Fri 2p
thanks I'm on it right now. When get the time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Thanks for the RT and great to see you sharing PBL resources!
I am about to attempt to pull a Setting up an awesome youtube account right now :)
Keep tweeting! Love it! I still have JB Mistletoe as ringer! :}
well let me know about what time you think on like Tuesday.
You make pretty things, that's for sure! A good designer in general is needed! Feel free to iMessage me. :)
this weather <<< better be good tomorrow !
Im SO SORRY Sweetie
PJ has introduced me to music I wouldn't have listened to, they've been there through good times & bad, they've given me reason to travel.
as usual your discussions inform - Rosen's comments open an important discourse on choice and Republican values.
you can do it!!
Hi Coree! What 70.3 did you sign up for?
girl, do you not know we don't love these hoes?
Great start! 54750 after level 2 having started with 30,000. Biggest hand was flopping a full house w 44 vs AK on KK4 flop.
At #TOCChicago, great job putting this conference together!
please get a chance to look at this tweet. your very inspirational. thank you for the stuff you do. please notice me & follow!
Sincerest sympathies go out to the people of Japan. We can't even imagine what it's like to see one's home (dream or otherwise) washed away.
Man...best sleep ever!
A2: Love Tiger's shunning of traditional media. Hate his antiseptic attempt at fan engagement via social media.
I can make calls right now
Good night my lovely twitta friends! God Bless you all. Mwuah
let me fall back, you aint ready for all that'
"Backwards compatibility is one of the best features of the Web and we wouldn't want to break that."
Plus OT too!
Thanks for bringing on this week, really love how both Will and Mari know the process of brewing
holla at me in bout n hr...we wont be leaving our place til then
yay margarita monday!
Happy April Fools day. Don't go to hard and get arrested
Awesome find! Also love the vintage twist on some of your designs. Thanks for posting.
in the house!!!
I'm not #OverlyConfident I'm just #OverlyAwesome at pretty much everything
Good point. At least he realized what he was doing was abhorrent. Unlike so many others.
Advertising, digital, and creative writing. The first two pay the bills, like the bills for my jazz guitar lessons :D
Clearly, walnuts are the brains of the nut family.
please feel free to write about it. I love empowering people to get their dream job. We should love our jobs!
Tell I said she got a fat ass!
Housewives of Orange County love the Andora 3D Molded! Tamra visits “A Perfect Fit” in Tustin, CA to try on our best selling bra!
Bike Night tonight at !!
On a side note, I do love me some cold, artificial apartment air.
The Westin has THE most comfy heavenly king beds ever!
thanks. I work on the use of food for war- and peace-making during and after the American Rev, w/focus on Native Ams. & slaves
#SXSW "Music is something I never take for granted" yes! soaking it all in.
Celebrating tonite in front of my TV watching IU basketball.
At the airport. Headed to Dallas for Delara Dance's annual Black & White Ball. Getting warmed up for the TX Salsa Congress in March!
As much as it kills me, this moment has to end. God willing, it won't be the last time I feel like this.
she'll be safe.
do you think you could find out tonight so I can let the owners know? And we can do it this Thursday
Not true. You just know not in love RT : In order for you to be over a relationship you have to hate the person you had it with.
Leadership training in the profession is all upper level training, not untraditional leadership role training.
#cxo The most ironic thing ... WOWing people isn't that hard. It doesn't take much.
too lazy. it's a up-do kind of day.
Late night seven eleven run 😜#badbitches Tehehe we' re so bad
Don't forget if you are a broker to go to www.in.gov/pla to pay for your renewal after you get all 16 CE with www.TuckerSchool.com!
I'm down! Can you FB message me the details?
RMG was part of CBSFreeFM. We stuck w/em since. A solid show every day, funny, topical, in the wheelhouse of a zone listener
I saw it, but dude I already use IG and for real I do not want to start all over again, it looks cool tho
then get this: china abolished time zones so in some parts it's 4 AM (relatively) and in others 9 AM at sunrise.
Looking for alternatives to YouTube? Try Shelby.tv or VHX.tv, which also provides video feeds from your social networks.
let your tweeps know how it is!
yes do so & let me know.
hey girl, not sure if you already know, but I've been getting some spam messages from your account.
Is there snow in Baltimore today? I don't see any.
Production = Gator Softball, Choreography = Harvard Baseball, Freshest Moves (Bernie w/ Toilet Paper) = Gator Baseball
Didn't think I'd be starting this powerpoint with a picture of Public Enemy, but here we are.
Primary care pediatric health centers embrace a medical home model because it's good for patients & families.
We will be playing with our friends Bombshell and Damsel Down on Saturday March 31st at a new venue in NoDa called The Chop Shop.
amen to literally everything u said I could add about another page but u basically covered it haha
It's a real Real Estate type of day today.
Thanks for the shout out, Mr. James!
Father : You are an idiot, son! Son : Of course
I think So Too Kandi...Love U!
stay tuned for info about DNA day at children's hospital of wisconsin.
I'm so mad has hardly talked to me since he left 5th Ave. But I must agree with my sis you did look great tonight
I'm not stalking you, you just need to stop putting everywhere you go on facebook. By the way I like the color yellow on you.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga & Lowndes Counties until 10:45 AM
well yes. That is different. It is now my home. Weird.
One of most beautiful hotels in world is Marina Bay Sands Hotel - Singapore. Thnks Ps. Lawrence Khong and FCBC for this wonderful gift.
Oh snap I did
Excellent! Good to see Mortal Storm especially breaking surface. Too many people only know the movie, if that.
I usually don't like dumb portmanteaus but Rombie is pretty good.
Question: Why did the band members allow the turkey to join???? Answer: Because he had drumsticks! LOL! My turkey day humor!!!!
RI takes on CA tonight in the first round of the US of Improv tourney! Support your state!
he hot
gets into law school and thinks he's
If I'm Floyd I'm staying off the ropes
Cristina and I are working during the voice will somehow kindly tweet us Justin's big news please? :)
India: "Hey guys! Remember the rule: Ladies first!"
partyy later in our plaza...go partyy parttyyy...i got the moves like jagger...:P
Dear kim kardashian, this is you without makeup?! Sincerely, wow I didn't even recognize you! :0 mylikes
GREATEST THING EVER
no pics till it's on site. This Thursday or Friday.
It never goes away completely, but it's not as bad as it used to be! :]
The last few months have forced me to learn alot about myself.
People that don't believe in God.
No comment ?? :) oh wait your "bf" might see this
lol.love you too * shivering*
Just fell asleep during the national anthem
Watching #StompTheYard! Columbus Short, DAMN, DAMN, DAMN...fine young specimen there. Another one of my #Crushes :)
I'm such a twitter whore
COME ON MAN!!#BoiseState would lose by 3-4 td's if they played either of these teams. they're lucky they got #UGA week 1.
5 facts about how lazy I am..actually..I'll do it later :)
Arts much? Seeking poets, writers, readers and actors for our 2012 series!
Congrats. I couldn't wait to be done. I had the option to stay and get my PhD but turned it down. Wish I would have stayed now
Auditioning for the Arizona Opera Company March 19.
Nobody buys Nutella and actually has it sit in their cupboard. Perhaps this is what piggish people say to ourselves to make us feel better.
can you speak tagalog?.
“: Ask yourself if what you're doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow”
yes, I am currently studying Shamanic Tantra with we use what is called Elemental Touch. It is amazing.
My soon to be husband is turning 30 in one hour! Love you
Vision Fact: Your eyes account for up to 85% of the knowledge you will ever learn
My birthday is in 11dayssss<33333
where r u today?
Use an underscore for spaces when other Jive members or content, to keep the popup open (e.g. ) #jivetip try it...
Die, Landry Fields. Die.
Biggest question at tonight's city budget brief? Will the SDPD Multicultural Storefront and PSO's stay? Answer: Yes
Tell that mick he just made my list of things to do today.
Haven't done the #FF in a while. So here's a hot and bothered #FF to my .. a sexy saucy minx with a huge brain & big heart.
Can you guess which state has the highest overall tax burden for entrepreneurs?...NJ! (from small business & entrepreneurship council)
if u read this, FOLLOW ME :)
Even better! Jealous.
Join us Wed, Feb 22, between 4-10pm for a Fundraiser at Buffalo Wild Wings in NE Philly. 20% of food bill will go to a team of your choice.
Delta commercial "All airplanes are the same" FALSE. See Virgin.
Hey see ya tonight?
For real RT : This rain was out of nowhere
I certainly approve that tweet!
Mass-Mkting is not an efficient way 2 build loyalty as no more than 20% of a client base will likely be loyal |Micro-mkt does build loyalty.
She tryna be like me lmaoo
I got u ;) One of his rare sessions that made it on #vinyl!
Was just thinking the same thing.
Looks like I won't be crossing "win the lottery" off my bucket list tonight. On the bright side I did have one number right =p
dang you rap good!
Lots of _____________ listened to __________ by Beastie Boys in my stream right now
Jake,I love you<3
"No vote will create uncertainty - Bruton." Which is worse, certain fate or uncertain future? Germans win WW11?
When you have a boyfriend but youal dont talk!!</3
If you enjoy spreading rumors just because, fuck you. Kill yourself.
im Watchinn a movie n a foriegn language...WOW! so readyy to get on that bus !!
My girlfriend is the best. I don't know what I'd do without her.
haha I can't wait until I can start goig to the pool again lol
:) RT : agree :) "Every day is a good day when you run." via #running"
Congrats Ryan Braun! Let the best year ever in Wisco sports continue!
It looks like my family is gaining another lady! Dr. Hutchins is having a baby girl :). Oh is she going to be spoiled!
Damn. I just realized Edward was only using Bella so he could stop spending all his money on his actually heroin.
I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you.
If Minos could turn things gold you would've had a perfect tweet on your hands. Still friends?
Friday nite=trolling Target for plastic easter eggs for a neighborhood hunt tmr. Yeah that's right- don't pretend you're not jealous...
Guess the world really is ending in 2012.
God I'm so poor. Does anyone want to buy my soul? I also accept donations.
When your "please say a command"button goes off in class.
New Clean Energy Source: Moon Dust!
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go.”
- What was for dinner? Soup? Sandwiches? Salad?
imagine Samantha replying to teen, texted, questions about sex?
Roadhouse for steak
Spend time loving and caring for all parts of you...
sup bros
IM THANKFUL YOUR ALIVE! & it means more that youre okay. I freaked out when Amanda told me. I was about to learn to drive 4 u lol
Thank the lord for family lol
Yep, and NaNo participants often can get one free printing of their book from program sponsors. 1/2
Reading Breaking Trail A Climbing Life by Arlene Blum
Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : Lunch with jason and devin :)
When is it? I roll VIP with my camera.
lol ok cuzn u can have em I want a
Dropped off some new Monument Circle tees to today! Men's is asphalt color and women's is a heather purple. Get there!
Just remember you don't have to be what they want you to be. M Ali. Sometimes you have to change a job or move to be the new you. Worth it.
Oh, did you think I was joking or something? Man I'm #MoreSeriousThanAHeartAttack right now.
SEXY CAN I ? <3
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets....
You know it's summer when you hear the Ice Cream truck!
I am wondering where my combative debating style fits on the cardigian continuum #cardcont ! Will restrain myself better next time.
Folding laundry's the worst! Takes so freaking long!
Just finished reading "The Sirens of Titan" by Kurt Vonnegut. It was really good, check it out.
More causes: no early victories, Singapore, tendency to blame allies for doing nothing, role of Lord Halifax, lack of boasting about heroes
really ? you decided to quit tonight? Man that makes me unhappy. Not that I'm any happier with #blackberry fail
Courtney is like the Grinch who stole #TheBachelor season from
Picked the nail out of the grater & ate.
My toe hurts grrr :((
Go-Go. Heads around the world will be mourning the loss of Chuck Brown today. He will be missed, but NEVER forgoten.
Cowan's innings looking worse now
Tomorrow every Senior in Miami-Dade County will be at the beach. Including me lol
and what a way to end with I will always love you
Haven't worn these shoes in a while. #blisters #ouch 👎
Creepy, dirty men at gas stations seriously tick me off. Close your mouth and quit looking women up and down.
Jessica from Texas says Party in my room at 3am. Clothing optional ;)
ya don't say! I had no idea
just like her momma.. :)
. show at the Entry w/ & co was such a TREAT! So much fun! Hope they'll be back soon; guaranteed in a bigger venue.
Get out of my room!... lol
Jon Lovitz has the held-hostage look on his face on Fox now.
Just worked out with . Look out ladies.
is it me or does the keg #chocolateale taste completely different than the bottles?
I want a bottle of wine and a scary movie! Now now now.
C'mon Kansas!
But this one is yellow.
#3WordCommencementSpeeches "ron paul... ron paul; ron paul." ("ron paul" counting as one word)
#FF Thanks for the follow...
Yooo that's dope your at Hot 97, very happy for you!
#figure8 saturdays r back !! $1 entry, $2 drinks And $15 pitchers. If u wanna b at the hottest club in atl, B THERE!
What up JV
Have you tried/do you like BBQ pork? I know a great recipe for the crock pot :)
Just to tease him lol when I first saw it I was dying
spangers--eyeballs at crotch-level askin everybody walkin by if they got any money--they got no class, just no class
follow me back cause i can't DM you if you don't follow back
I totally agree. Whenever they begin to have "reunion shows" I balk. All contestants r new to me though :)
Driving range in March? I think so.
wat game u tlking bout ha
Man hasn't this last 5 minutes of the game been awesome???
Great job driving change and transparency for consumers in law sector
Boarding at gate L8 and the flight is, in fact, late.
Cotton tale designs Mosquito Net, Lollipops and Roses Guide | Net ...
im not b der doe lol
Rock Star! Have a great gig. RT Rockstar day for a cause... It's a fine thing, to be able to help...
I mean I get it the Force game is what rules now, but when they know me, they know I won't physically accost them so ???? SMH
Following on twitter is cool, but don't hang out too much on their street. Following IRL is stalkerish lol
That moment when Google search suggests "Ira Glass divorce" & your heart irrationally leaps.
Just finished with an awesome ref. interaction! I got to nerd out about infographics! Obvs we looked at
“: I don't care how old I am; This is the freaking ice cream truck we're talking about.”
we've got a few of those dives this weekend also. Good luck to ya man
Dear all males in my life, stop being such chicks. Sincerely, confused female.
Top Contenders: Nashville, Austin, Houston, New York, Miami, Atlanta, Chicago, San Francisco
Fan Fest!!!
I'm in Kelso.
"Say goodbye to tha Haters "#Errbody wave..
Just got 1000 beautiful new CDs in!!!
Did you buy one of our Manning T-shirts? Post a picture of you wearing it on our wall! We would love to see it
Nathan, I would love to be your friend!
pretty much the same route Iowa to Vancouver - staggeringly beautiful!!!
what if halle Barry felt about me the way I do her
Real Rap the mixtape coming soon
ha. even better
yea but i think we gonna b ok, 2ma is the day
Eating turnip greens at the elliston soda shop while my brand new martin is getting set up next door. Life is good.
Did any of you catch the Avengers this weekend? How did you like it? My review of the movie is coming soon, too!
October 2, 1978 - The Yankees, who were 14 games behind the Red Sox at one point, defeat the Sox 5-4 in a one game playoff at Fenway Park.
Been workin all night ready to go to sleep
because I suck that's why <3 uhh macro is in the morning, I have the micro one at 12 too doe. I think we'll have time.
lmao awe yeah you so famous boiiii.
you're welcome! :) I'll always follow a Hanneliator!
Even one of San Diego's most iconic hotels can use a facelift sometime. Check it out
something's telling me to leave but i won't, cause i'm damned if i do ya, damned if i don't
OMG MUST ▒ℱ░ℴ░ℓ░ℓ░ℴ░ω░ ► and she will help you gain 1OO+ more followers within minutes! #HURRY and
RT : We're live Tweeting HOT Topics w/ Dr. Matt Tocheri talking about the "hobbits" of human evolution. Using #hho! Ready? Go!
Cairns birdwings. #Giants among butterflies. (Especially the females.)
Sweet and merciful haysoos, thank you for finally giving us one day off. Please don't rain.
damn, 200lbs is only 85lbs away from where I'm at! :-/
I don't care to be good, sheriff, I care to be whole... I will not sent you sailing if you came here to drive...
I want some trail mix... The dried banana, raisins, peanuts, and cashews kind... Andd... A tropicana orange juice. And a banana... And...
Good afternoon luv Sunday's :)
Tough Mudder say what?? Were gonna die!!
It sounds to be funny and coincidental.
Not average of all penis.....just the average of small penis
Thanks very much! Glad you like the idea!
Future's Album Is Decent Tho
I wish I were having the kind of week Jason Kipnis is having.
The receiver is as bad as the thief.
hehehehe glad you did.
Woah...I really hope that crash didn't have anything to do with it.
Scandle after scandle...Hm... All government workers too. Reason to have a small Government.
there's nothing in this world that can prepare you 4 the fury of 3 kids wrestling each other 4 the last slice of pizza
Starting another round of fertility treatments so if I sound grumpy on twitter for the next week please forgive me! <3
Hi JR
Okay guys need a little help here, which is better Pro Tools or Logical Audio for my home studio?
good eye!
Download my iPhone app (free!), Houston Criminal Lawyer. I'll always be on call at your fingertips.
ok, my last tweet sounds like something my grandma would say.
My Health! seems very simple..but so many people are not as fortunate! RT: Let's have it! Today, I'm grateful for ________!
More than 200 million Americans have joined U.S. "Do Not Call" list. (via ) at
Spiekermann announces next at AT&T Stadium. jk
Men dont need to "make up" up for their natural appearance hence no male makeup
he's a scaredy cat
What's good to eat and trendy Portland way?
Im not going to mention names but there is this one girl on the side cam for the weekend show who is irritating the hell out of me...
Just how many times can you read, re-write, and still find errors? I admire the Professional Writers out there. They deserve more credit!
yeah literally read ur blog(s) everyday - love that u guys are able to post interesting content daily during the lockout
yes, she just told me she's a "blank check" client
Who's using that as a platform?
Enablement - grow by letting them prosper, give business units the support and flexibility to reach goals
when it is real,you can't walk away!
THKs MUCH! Plz keep spreading the word. If you've read Christakis' & Fowler's Connected you'll believe we CAN reach Obama!
Chemistry class is going to be empty today :(
all night of studying here i come
Back to the office just in time to catch the end of #sachat (finally!)
Bigger the risk the bigger the reward never gone kno if u don't go for it
A good deal of Hospitals in Ca. are now allowing staff to vape while working, and on premises. 1 more victory for the vapeing community!
Perhaps you should reconsider your choice for the best man?
Really like when a doctor rants about sunburn and pouring cement when theyre inside of my body
3 bad offensive plays already
RT : TONIGHT DJ DJ IN THE MUTHA LOVIN BASEMENT....SPECIAL TUESDAY NIGHT EDITION...NO COVER CHARGE , DRINK SPECIALS ALL N ... http://
"We can demand an end to political stalemate as strategy." -Diana Aviv, CEO of Ind. Sector.
#Pregnant women need help trying to sleep. I have an idea for them! Who wants to sell something cheap to make, ideal to have? 2712
thank you!!
I hate doing tests with a pen!
i was thinking the same thing
Dude, I'm leaving right now to your home!
Health Tips: Recommended dietary allowance amounts are far too low for fitness enthusiasts
Planned Parenthood should get nothing!
cant wait to be back
thank you for telling me where to get it ! lol im going to have him sign it for real
follow back
$99.95 for a year of featured listing, Only to twitter peeps!
3 words for the beautiful girls out there. Dont..Wear..Makeup! Your beautiful the way you are.
Feelin oh so #fresh & #superfly Happy Wednesday!!
Hey baby I think I wanna marry you <3
Thank you!
If #gop nominates #romney, there's a third-party conservative run, right? Bachmann?
Come and get into the spirit of the holidays at Gibson Library tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. as they present a holiday movie!
My inner gay is dying.
Using Flickr to Collect Images Captured on Cell Phones, great for presentations about field trips with kids picts.
But I don't want them to grow up like me and do the shit I do.xD but I'll try to be a "groovy momma jamma" ;D
Happy Birthday who had or is having a birthday!!!!
haha they will! Cuz they made millions off the last one!
Looking for anyone who's struggling with credit card debt and you think Pres. Obama's plan will work--doing a story on ABC5 at 10!
S/o to my 323 followers but i need more!
Sitting in the huge public library of San Francisco: 6 floors, free wifi + computers everywhere, very impressive!
Brewer with the Dagger That should be game
ME AND MY BEST ROLLIN UP SOME OD BLUNTS EVERYDAY
Glad to see the site is getting hits from the google search terms "Brad Pitt teste" and "Lady Gaga with a dick"
“: I don't fall in love often, but when I do, I fall hard. Like topple-out-of-the-clouds-and-hit-the-ground hard.”
I retweeted per your request. How about a #follow please?
RT if you're proud of austin :D
Holy crap this guy on americas got talent is fricken amazing
well just have too wait and see how this all play out Peyton thing and the 49ers are interested also too
Smh at people saying 'If I Had a Gun I would kill Justin, Selena, One direction, etc. You don't have to like them but please respect them.
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
This stud and fem both look like patrick from spongebob. One with a white tee and the other with a weave and tank top
:( I want one of those bags! I hate not having money!
RT NH legislature voting to repeal #gaymarriage I'm getting married in fall, bring 90 people who have never visited NH
Quit tweeting your feelings.
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity -Voltaire
Time to get out the Kilz and redeux my patio set!
Happy new years y'all ! We love all the fans and supporters
Random dude off of State St.: "How many Mark Wahlberg pictures have you seen?!"
