LMAO at "right to arm bears" tshirt for sale at Milwaukee public market
Love You Jasminators!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
"I wonder who I'm going to be sitting next to" "I bet you its mr.305" lmfao this guy looks like pibull xD
I'm here
congratulations jason
He's already got a new CD? I thought he just signed with MMC like today?
Been having much success with recent projects!!!! Looking forward to the upcoming journey! @
It's that time again! FIRST FRIDAY!!! The gallery will be open until 10 tonight
Cuatro de Mayo, baby! RT : This lady at the bar is ripping shots of tequilla already
In my head that's funny at least... I'm a duck.
Her toes are coming out the front.
i'm down
totally stumped with a podcast recording question: how to convert mono mic into stereo files?
are u at the game?
BARBIE I need a picture with a SUN TUBE! for the next edition...like a jocobs ladder pic...let me know, BYE DOLL
Kony couch potatoes lost
preciate ya bro!
summers coming
Im adding studs&spikes to some gear for upcoming shows. My mom tells me they sell spikes @ some fetish shop in central. thnx mom. weird.
shout out to you! you aren't cool if you're not following him! so might as well follow him!
Thanks, man. Letting that rant out before a lab accident turned it into my supervillain raison d'etre was a real relief.
Very drunk watching act a fool and post drunk tweets. Good times
just watched the keira knightly vid 4 coco mademoiselle. in the real world keira would be suing fotog for sexual intimidation on the job
hell yes and they are HUGE :) let's go soon please
It's that creepy overhead light that makes it!
It's too hot in this house!
If I had to get raped at some point I just hope it's by a ninja so I never even have to know about it.
two tests today & a quiz. #HonorsWorldHistory #HonorsBiology #HonorsEnglish9 oh no..
Just saw Apollo 18. :)
blah! That's a lie she swear she hard and ain't even bout it lol you dnt be around you " Jackie" like I do she a dang fake
Its official!! Reignwolf will be added to Sasquatch line-up! Any more bands you would like to see on there?
That Blazer game looked horrible! But seeing Brandon Roy's smiling face back in the RG was so great!
Interesting - any details? MT : #cosugi12 Baker & Taylor is taking accountability for the HarperCollins 26 is promising to fix it
feel about the same thinking of taking a semester off.
Don't forget to tune in and watch The Phantom of the Opera next Tuesday, March 6 at 8 pm on !
finally, SPRING BREAK!!! it's gunna be a good one! (:
practice up mang! "we sittin here talkin bout practice?!"
We're open for lunch and dinner....come out and visit us today!
Just gave away another copy of Fahrenheit 451 for free.
A cop just gave me $5. I took it. Today is weird but awesome.
Who has two thumbs and is already drenched in sweat?
InfiniteSkills - New InfiniteSkills Web Programming with Python Tutorial Harnesses Power of Object Oriented ...
Gift wrapping fundraiser at Barnes and Noble starts tomorrow!! 1939 Mount Zion Road, Morrow, GA 30260 #comevisit T/TH 11-4 (W 11-5)
i surrender.
Can't wait 2 c "Think Like a Man" I'm so there.. enjoying on Steve Harvey Morning Show..big fan :)
& Jesus loves us! its raining tonight so were not running the mile tomorrow <3
Such a great suggestion.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex .. One Direction's What Makes You Beautiful :)
UMM I GOT THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH.. #MOVIE, but when u hear dese new songs you gone be looking like this $__$
That, or eating brown sugar and maple syrup out of the bottle.
awesome! Look forward to seeing it!
A big FICA YOU from Congress for Christmas!
I'm in a bar at a casino in AC. NHL 36 James Neal is on. Hahaha.
Walking speed correlated with pantent creation. Walk faster.
Seems like you guys should be able to do this with DigitalPulse since the functionality is already there for sprops and evars
There was a 4-car wreck in Mexico yesterday. 87 people died
Do you know someone struggling with depression, anger, marriage issues, etc. Please give us a call today.
yea- I have done websites and databases in the past.
Im Never OD'n Again Those Days Are Over!
": 11 straight games for Rodgers w/ at least 2 TD passes, and 11 straight w/passer rating over 110" if only he could do halftime show
It feels like I'm just losing everyone I love. I hate this. A lot.
Who's excited for fantasy NCAA basketball? Coming soon, but I guess we can settle for NCAA football for now...
thank you so much!!!
On my way to Huberts to hang out w/ , & for a Home Opener pre party, stop by & say hi!
Literary listings - Chicago Sun-Times
l hate when couples rub their relationship in your face.
havnt nobody seen me in years
We will have a fan upfront:) If you get a ticket we will give you a bracelet:)
Hi, do you still have an extra ticket?!
going to of course!
Way too much time!
Not clicking on any links from you. I know a lady that clicked on one & got a virus that turned her into a fundamentalist.
*Check out 's timeline of retweets. Twitter is awash with some nasty ungrateful whining little shits this Christmas.LAME
cant wait to get #COD to come out on itunes or i can juss get it in the store #OMFG i wanna meet you so badly come to #NYC soon
“: We are!! You have such a great hit. I love that song. :)” appreciate you!
#cleaning 🔫 me!
You're welcome. I hope it help. Goodnight!! It's almost 10:30 pm Tuesday over here. Work pa tomorrow.
nah bro. You wouldn't have any life!!!
This fool 👇hahaha
watch the video we just posted and see if we're close to you!
You know it
*earlier today* S:Look out the window C:What? S:Don't you see it? C:and what is it? S: It's us together in the near future
I like to snuggle with my body pillow
Getting hair done by the wonderful people at Can't wait to hit the dance floor tonight.
hey I heard you were from Oceanside... I was born at tri city hospital... Retweet?
“: Now playing the role as ”. What?! :0)
Sometimes drinking a beer down by the river is all a man needs to clear his head.
i love video chatting with friends! <3
Mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault.
Last night was Legen...wait for it...
Don't know what Moises Alou is doing besides shopping @ Scottsdale but he looks like he could still be pissed @ Bartman!
Tell Congress regarding #SOPA and #INTERNET #CENSORSHIP "End Piracy, Not Liberty" - RIGHT ON
Halftime in Syracuse. lead the 9-8
hi lets work out tomorrowwwwzzzz
#BestMemoryOf2011 was the time I and fun I got to have with
I need a ride home despately
That picture i just seen WHOA DERE !! >>>>>>>
Ambushed by a cloud of butterflies on 14th st. DC insects not all bad after all.
Breakfast meeting w Accelerent partners
Thought for the day: "Keep your mouth shut and your eyes wide open!"
I know it's not their fault personally, but where's the nearest Apple store employee so I can punch them in the face real quick?
agreed that some have, but often not late nite. So u say no room for innovation? They've crushed it? (they have delis too..)
you would think niggas be complementing the AVI cause that pic of you in that position.....we could do some thangs, follow me
When #grocery shopping, compare #costperounce. Often non-name brands offer the same quality at
Well then give me some love and don't come at me all wrong, look back at the time when you were new.
Beautiful day for some soccer then golf
Happy Mothers Day to all you beautiful, strong, loving, caring Mothers out there!
is pretty sure it's ok to be angry with a friend when he calls you at 12:45am when you've told him you planned to be asleep by eleven.
Was that the 'shortest # of links between pages' game? I, too, loved that game!
Clémence Poésy Is The New Face Of G-Star Raw ’s Spring Campaign Harry Potter star Clémence Poésy is fast becoming a big fashion nam
I knew I could provoke you :-)
Just saw someone drive down our street with their car door OPEN! I am pretty sure this is a very bad idea!
USA firm yes. Regards John.
you have to admit, i've been doing better though.
Seriously, Instagram is my new obsession.
haha im glad you like it
The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. Proverbs 18:10
Find a heart that will love you at your worst and arms that will hold you at your weakest
Thank you! I also have a bearded one!!
If you're offering to teach us how to get 20000 twitter followers, and you only have 300 - rethink your plan.
#playoff"beard"
tax time comes too fast each year! not what i want to be doing on a sunday!
Just saw Jon Jay and Allen Craig at dinner.. Spring training is awesome!
Just corrected my misunderstanding of functional programming. Enlightenment.
Kevin Mullen of Community Plates, food for the homeless, will be on "The Rock of Talk" Morning Drive at 7:25AM. Tune in!...
The information you share is always great.Good to know that we are not alone working for good food for everyone!!
packing over 300 football goals to go out to Amazon and Shop Direct today! Arrrgghhh
They'll steer HER towards the expensive stuff. Then you'll buy THAT.
As if our logos couldn't get any worse... Whoever created this definitely proved me wrong!
Are you a glamour girl? You will LOVE the Canyon Group Glamour Girl pink robe available from www.rosegardenboutique.com! Great glam gift!
Big Big Big Big Big BOOTY BITCH !!!!
Excited to be putting the finishing touches on our Paul Williams project!
Didn't know Punto had Middlebrook's number. But any number change would indicate he's sticking around!
how could i not? that pug in a tux is too much to resist! so classy.
That's what capital markets are for. Or mergers.
Good morning! Preparing for tomorrow's session debate on Medicaid!
Shout out to my newest follower the one and only
I hate pants omg
sadly, I am too.
Not looking fwd to school Tomo. So ready for this semester to be over!
Was good Yoo!
I guess I met you for a reason, only time can tell.
Um did you change your #, Sir?? I tried calling but it wouldn't go thru :T
Full service luxury office, providing you with all the necessary material for business development.
RT : . is such wonderful team, incredible hosts! Gracias!
You take on the responsibility for making your dream a reality. – Les Brown
Chem=hurting my brain :( so ready for summer
With regulation we can prosecute them. Deregulation made what they did not "criminal".. just morally reprehensible.
What's going on?
it can be enjoyable as long as you remember that anonymous ppl are prone to mean comments. Stick with ppl who own it.
idiot? Ha.. I just know an annoying orange dork who thinks he's part of the team showed up during the WCF in '10 as the "#1 fan"
I was in absolute awe at Pau's performance last night. He stepped up when his team needed him the most & delivered. That's what stars do
Courtney would quit the #Bachelor right now if they made her jump off of a cliff.
love those. Hard to find though.
if you feel just like a tourist in the city you were born, then it's time to go
go brewers!
I Hate When U Act Off Ugh Get It Together!!
how serious is the surgery?
Salsa Wednesdays is so much fun! Really thankful for this event! People dance, drink & truly enjoy themselves...
If you are not happy just remember this the bliss we feel when we are up is the bliss we can feel when we are down just choose happiness.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 61
Learn from your mistakes
That will be perfect! Super close. Hope you have a smooth move and see you next session!
Hi Jawar...hope all is well with you. LTNS
how to disable iphone notifications: settings > general > sound effects > change it to off or headphones only. :)
Twit-R-Done!
I couldnt get the epsilen mail to work so i emailed Mrs. Warner and Dropped it with both of our names on it! =)
Not everyone who knows you, will know your value or worth. Who cares! as long as YOU KNOW, you will draw others to YOU, who do.
Glad to hear you’re a fan! RT: Sunbelt Oats and Honey granola bars!!!! >>>>>>>>>>
wow! U can't ever cut this man a break. Do u REALLY think he doesn't kno the dif btween Asia and Hawaii? He's human not God
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
a little late but thanks for the retweets and follow
I don't know men
:) <3 what are you doing tonight?
Listening to The Builders and the Butchers while laying back in my hammock. Love it when I can get outside and relax!
Haley Reinhart Is 'The Bomb,' Randy Jackson Says, Downplaying Feud
Happy Bday niece! Auntie love u! And watch ur mouth; u r not grown yet ma'am. RT It my muthafuckin #Birthday!!!!
Getting pretty close to being done with Episode 4 — Pretty excited to share this with y'all.
Just got the Georgia dress in sunrust and it is STUNNING! Thanks for making such awesome, fun, unique clothes!
is in 's Audience Sell-Out Challenge tonight. 1/2 price tix. If we sell out, 1/2 price tix next wk. Ad infinitum.
I did fall for your hunger games post in pintrest though
So excited to work with from #acutabove today at the Amway Arena! Let's rock this house!
The Cabin In the Cotton (1932).
Never again will I ever buy another bullshit piece of junk phone. Unless one day I decide that I could really use an aneurysm.
Great clip. You don't see this happening today...
LoveJoy, Peace,Patience,Kindness,Faithfulness,Gentelness and Self Control #Thingsthat get me through the day
what type of short video?
I can't believe I missed 's great news last night! But now I saw them, I'll tell you I'm EXCITED about #PutYourHeartsUp ♡
hell yea.
Well aren't you the sweetest ever?! Wait, don't have time to talk, must write speech.
thinking about how cold it is outside....bbbrrrr
That the good rev doesn't recognize the grace PBO shows.... meh....
I want to hear about it!
"One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself." ~da Vinci
well bye guyz i am going 2 a reserant ugh i dont really want 2 go but i hav 2 go but :( still
Hey hussy, when your perfume overpowers the smoldering cloves in the glass, you are officially wearing too much.
texted me back! made my day!
Breaking: As Per Clinton Agreement, Kim Jong-Il Comes To Retrieve Obama Children (via )
'Children Behind The Wall' Documentary - Tijuana, Mexico
What has been your favorite job and why?
Danny Ainge shows more interest in the success of his team in one game than the entire #redsox front office has shown since 2004.
Stonewall, where grown man play.
What's the point spread of the faculty vs student game today at Brandon MS?
It's so dangerous tho........ Lol not
of course Braun leads off, worst case scenario when down 2
Thursdays , Trivia + $3.50 Trumer Pilsner Pints! Just read something on about you guys not being douchey. Congrats!
. Hope you enjoy INUKSHUK!
Thanks for the re-tweet!
I WANT TO omg :'( WHY JFK THOUGH LOGAN IS CLOSER GOSH
im Not That Girl: And You cant Please me Like you did Her #Charm comes Before Game so Run everything you just said back.
Mine just passed out and it's almost time to pick his big brother up from school...he's going to be fun
By my calculation, that should've taken you at least 12 hours! RT Just watched Blood In Blood Out two times in a row!!
#Cubs continue their struggling climb back to respectability with a 3-2 lead in the 2nd over the rival #Cardinals but Maholm is struggling.
babies & little mexicans ??? 😒
Essential Workflow Changes: Changes are expected and welcomed - via Michael Allen
Happy Thursday
Weekend finally here
I wish would use INSTAGRAM MORE OFTEN!! Lol:) #real #justsayin:)
- FINALLY got to seeing the live 30Rock shows. loved'em! can we see more Joey Montero please? that was the best ;)
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs.
Too bad nobody else thinks so!
It's National Walking Day! We wont be mad if you happen to run though.
At the jail bailing someone out. Dam my phone cracking tonight.
turns out that the only thing Pepperidge Farm didn't remember is that I don't give a fuck
good hes mean. And im sorry but hes not that cute..... #justsayin. What did he do?
Congrats on getting your LOEX presentation accepted! You are rocking 2012! :)
yes yes you better !
An idea for your next winning product: Content Grader!
great post; couldn't agree more! just finished packing - i eliminated the maybes (so hard to do) & brought reusable clothing. ;)
its all good
A big thanks to the Metro State Roadrunners Volleyball Team for putting on a clinic for our Volleyball Players last night!
if you and your family are watching American Idol this year, send in the votes in support of she kills it!
Heading into Shade 45 right now to connect with on my #Occupy Book. Get Sirius. Tune in.
That was the best Mad Men commercial ever!
<---Shoulder is killing me.
darn it. Love Boat reunion show?
hope you get your iPad to behave! Have a Merry Christmas!
"When I rule the world, I'll plant flowers" ....on Earth Day!
Glad I'm not the only one...
Oh give me a freakin break
Thanks for
Any Group That Has The Name “Family” In It Are Dangerous…They Should Turn In Their Guns And Go Back To Being Dull.
52% retention rate among most #highered institutions.
American Bandstand.
William Wood teachers address board asking for 'civil and safe and environment'
Failed my test today, gonna retake tomrrow. Hopefully I will pass!
Sad irony is that broadcasters mentioned how lucky STL was avoiding rain/weather rest of country was getting.
Despite all the buzz about social media, email is still the top channel for most marketers...
lmao come get one
Yeah, it's weird. I wonder if she will end up killed off. I liked her last year & loved her battles with Maggie Smith haha.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
If Derek dies I will never watch #greys again my heart can't take this
Cantillon on tap?!?! Not fair.
Gosh April I still awake laying in her bed looking at her Mobil ! Goto sleep little baby ! It's bed time ha
NUCLEAR POWER IN SOUTHERN CA CAN WE AFFORD IT? July 12, 5:30, San Diego,Rsvp to Join ratepayers & discuss this topic RT
I am too tired to make my own alfredo sauce today. WHY is there not one alfredo sauce in a jar that tastes even remotely good?
Loving ecofriendly biodegradable baby products lowering the
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... 200 years ago a bunch of drunk mainers seized a brit man of war without any resistance. That's when your
talk to me
hey Brett are you going to be enshrined to the HOF in your home or away Vikings Jersey?
stoned listening to
not a problum
Ooooyeah...out here.
Thanks - right back at you!
Old folks wisdom: "Never get into an argument with a fool; outsiders looking in won't be able to tell the difference."
Recall that Alinsky was Jewish and worked in Chicago. Gingrich code: Stop the Blacks and the Jews. They are destroying America.
Received my first nature gallery wrap from yesterday and it's awesome!
bug mistake..
Last monday until next year
Hotel party time with the in the morning family!
Tweeting all day bc i dont have SHT else to do ^_^
Come to the #anatomy education and career workshop on Saturday at #AAPA2012, 2-3:30. Snacks and great advice!
If i looked like a tumblr girl i would never complain about life.
. You can't possibly be correct, because ANY firm would love to save 8% on their salaries by hiring only women.
I will never fly #Delta airlines. Outrageous. Heads up consumers.. #Whereisthecustomerservice?!
Throwing picks and texting Chicks.
4th grade boys love THE WAY THINGS WORK. Very visual, informative, and fun.
TAGsgf is at Come enter to win a Wii and answer trivia to win a shirt! Score updates at all day long. Follow!
Much obliged for keeping our #5x7social guests happy and hydrated!
Happy to follow you & we agree, we like twitter handle. Love unique twitter names & bios! Ours is biz.
Ppl...why do ppl who stay wit you and don't pay a dime in rent...always have shit to say....
all the other dogs will be jealous
#Scaliday extended: Brian Scalabrine will be used as a guest analyst with for the Bos/Philly series!
Thanks for including in your Subscription Smackdown panel this morning! Great convo and a HOT topic!
My god, it's like looking into a mirror! (I'm the old guy on the left right?)
what's your favorite character to draw?
what's up buddy. You was quiet..
“People that need constant reassurance are dreadful to be around.”
yooo my dude i need followers you got me!!!imma send you a vidgio lol
Don't forget, lifeguard training at Pulaski Pool tonight. 6 pm. RT to job seekers.
thanks my friend. happy to see another day
make sure to ask our friends for advice on Cake-Pops! Birthday Cake,Red Velvet,&Chocolate Covered Strawberry!
Happy Chinese New Year! I love having two new beginnings to the year, don't you?
Jeevo fans - this page is gone in 12 days and counting - pls like Jeevo's new fan page to keep up with his updates
I just want to chill in my bed, but school just has to get in the way. Yay.
We are pleased to announce is now
I wouldn't mind being stranded at home in a snow storm. But freezing rain? In February? Really Mother Nature?
Baby baby baby oh....lol yes I'm listening to Justin bieber
Hey & whoever, bowling and dinner next week?
Even a classic burrito can be diet-friendly at Taco Time NW – Just choose whole wheat, no cheese and mild salsa in place of dressing.
I would do both(:
YOU DID?! CONGRATS.
Role of books in our digital world, implications for Commons design?
Dj Nixx at The Place Tonite - We have been killing it on Mondays - gonna ROCK tonite with The Bruins in Town... $5 pizzas for game!
maybe im not sure - but are u saying that there is less hits when embedded than on the actual youtube site?
praying for me and my friends 2nite! <333
Calories - Little people who live in your closet who sew your clothes a little bit tighter every night
thats cool:) do you get discounts? lol
nah, he's a maniac. Did it jumping, somersaulting, and head first.
A lil tipsy off the keg .. 🍻
Swamp Donkey is currently providing that heavy heavy loud loud groove Drag Me Under is up next. Then
After today's big Ravens' win, remember to recycle all those bottles and cans - there should be a lot of them! Go Ravens!
I live in California :( i can't participate in the Triggerstreet competition :( any suggestions?
can't dm, but chris{underscore}beer{at}wgbh{dot}org
That makes sense...
THE SUPERMALL IS MAJOR I'M FROM AUBURN
Tonight is Industry Night. Half off of everything for all industry people! Cheers!
Write your SF Supervisors NOW re: BOS Files 120300 & 120301! Don't let Scott Weiner ruin our city by gutting Historic Preservation laws!
Thank you, lady!!
Good thing we got rid of that old mayor, because this new one has solved all of our snow problems! lol
procrastination fetish
Voki clsrm makes management of projects easy. Students don't have to sign up individually. Site a bit slow w/ updates at times.
I kinda wanna make an advice blog. So people can anonymously ask me for advice. I adore helping people c:
:) RT : I ordered my custom shirt from yesterday. I got a call that it's ready today! Talk about service!
. . .Sunglasses And Advil, Last Night Was Mad Real. . .
i agree! #ugh. i was cheering for Kacie B.
Watching University of Portland issue out a beat down to USF...Go Pilots
follow for great espresso
girl! I am delinquent-ly twittering this evening (am...) and regret to inform you I'm working tomorrow afternoon... como estas?
Hopefully this loss will quiet loudmouth #Kentucky fans.
If you say beer can with an english accent you also saying bacon in a jamaican accent.
Looking forward to The City Flea today!
With making our crowns
to think Granderson wanted to bunt for insurance...
25% on the way through with The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge. I should have finished this a week ago. Hopefully, review by Sunday.
At #nsvfsummit keynote: despite innovative tools and approaches, "We are losing our battle in the court of public opinion"
People think life has to be this way, but w/ God, your life doesn't have to be. Dynamite message from
Going to the 17th inning. Amazing.
HBO's #Girls is on. i'm trying to want to like it. still hasn't brought the awesome enough for me yet
I meant taller, actually. So some poor girl doesn't need to count the inches of sweaty air between her hand and his crotch
np. awesome default!
When tragedy happens it brings out the heroes in our community. I'm thankful for the positive words I have been hearing.
Turned out all we had to do was sit in our assigned chairs and listen to them tell us how to walk. I plan on starting the
I'm looking forward to May 18th.
#DMCA Mitch Singer from Sony talking about
:P yeah yeah and you blame it on me ;)
I think i shall wear my hair wavy for the rest of the school year...which is only 14 more days :D lol.
Funny you say that...I was already headed there myself! Count me in!
I Know Smebdy Gonna Want Me & To Slide On Dem Lata :)
Two years ago I was building a widget. Now I'm doing that once again.
grrrr. I hate being stuck! I'll wait another hour and see =P
Let me see him get that many tweets lol
i watching the bolog tv right now can you follow me :)
": Shouts to this bomb ass girl ha ha saw her last night positive person for real a favorite senior follow:)"
I WANT A CELEB TO GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!
Nutshots are only funny when they happen to someone else
Goodnight Pittsburgh
COLE HITS THE WALK OFF SOLO SHOT IN THE BOTTOM OF THE 10TH!!!
DC Improv Comedy School Prom tonight. I can legally drink at this one. cc:
someone should ask him if he knows about Grenis when they go to a concert & make a poster that says we love your Grenis xD
Uhm Uncle Jesse is now playing drums with the Beach Boys ?!
What would you love to be doing?
Once you make it out the hole so called friends turn foes.
happy 4th..The beach is packed
(5/6) BUT - This discussion doesn’t actually go into that sort of analysis. It’s all sticker-shock and indignation.
Uggie as a seatmate/conversationalist at the White House Correspondents' Dinner > Lohan and Kardashian combined
Getting ready to eat some steak potatoes and salad can't wait finish watching my movie then to bed I go
The outfield should have dove to save the no hitter
That was French for: "Im the King of the World!"
RT : Pac 12 refs would have overturned that catch by Mario last night, it moved slightly.
Located right here in Lexington, out marketing guy can meet with you at our office!
Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you�fre ever living is in this moment.
How about "pixie?"
It's a great night for some Rangers baseball!! :D
At first coffee was mainly drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the 15th century it was being drank by everybody.
RT : Let the waters settle, you will see stars & moon mirrored in your being. ~Rumi
Wow I have some seriously bad ass talented followers that I have tremendous respect for #holla I sincerely appreciate it
You can't save searches inside the iPhone app?
hey darlin.. Is there a # for tech spprt at the view? Trying to upload a pic for the teeth makeover. Won't let me.
Thanks, Ryan. I emailed you. Let me know if you didn't get it.
no prob. good luck on the new beat!
Chris Getz is still a #royal. The last remaining link to Carlos Beltran.
if you were real you wouldnt be so happy about a highlight that happens every other day
A POP bitch, that's that shit I don't like!
O boy need more followers.
Going to be on the Sleeping With Sirens headliner tour for a week in March shooting a music video for a band called Conditions! Who's going?
Hahahaha! That sucks. :b
amen RT : I love long, romantic walks to........... the fridge
David west is an idiot
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
Lucy is not a puppy
RT : Visit us at Booth #1 to learn latest enhancements to , #cloud, & the Acquia Network.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
OH: hopefully not with that lady...
don't remind me. Do we have a meeting?
RT contact me immediately to get 2 for $10, and $15 for VIP
The only place I want to be right now is sitting in the open-roofed Miller Park watching the #Brewers. Alas, I'm in a dorm room studying.
We have $60 do I hear $70? maybe could wear it :D RT I'll chip in a ten spot :)
there are sit ups involved in today's #WOD. I'm guessing that I will be feeling those 80 GHD sit ups I did last night. Oy!
yay!! raises are nice, and this one will help!!
You want a job on planet Earth? And all this time I thought you were here.
Iwanna see and
Thanks for a great and fun class.
WE WANT GREENBAY
you guys can viber me when i'm in Europe :3
thank goodness I'm not the only one lol. :D
Poor Coach! Hope your day gets better... and I am sipping on some Pikes Place... Thank God decided to sell K-cups
Putting off an easy thing makes it hard. Putting off a hard thing makes it impossible. -Charles E. Wilson
I'm pretty sure we're supposed to take that literally.
I am not entertaining your argument! Broke bread & time, now u wanna talk about yesterday?! Come on baby, #Smile & Enjoy The Moment!
Thanks! I saw the papers a couple days ago and enjoyed reading yours on crowdsourcing and deception detection.
not feeling well...
text message , no
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 64% SHORT
That's what I'm saying. The drama be slipping by on my ahh. Lol
Security tip 9. Guard your personal information 10. Don't assume privacy. Assume you are being tracked by someone.
iPhone announcement today! give me the play by play!
Pussy calling my name
what a great message. Just happy good stuff. Love it!
So, you're saying that your hair's getting less grey? For some reason I've lost more of mine in last year than ever before...
I need to start writing again. More than 140 characters at a time.
no i can't . just tell me
Awww that's actually on the day of my graduation! I'm sorry :( thanks though!
Gonna give up drinking for a while.
Wake and bake
Me and my love just got to Hawaii that was the longest flight ever..
congratulations on graduating this weekend!
I'm super sleepy! I want to take a nap for like 3 hours O_o
you are locked in. Enjoy the race.
Go to hell! RT : I wanna play the wegi board! ????
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 1
Happy Birthday girl ( :
• follow us b #400 win surprize gift ! we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!GREAT DISCOUNTS
and some of the mobile only content seems to me to be some of the most interesting didactic content.
I stopped reading your rag pieces around week 2 of last yr.
I'll be in Boston on April 20th.. i'm excited to see what they do to..
Yvonna Russell thanks for the add
oh so pretty I feel pretty
i could never date someone with the same name as me.
I didn't know Rachel Berry's parents were actually two gay fathers! Awesome!
was going to watch Live at the Bike's WPT coverage while scanning papers...but LATB is down.
This week has been so beautifully busy...busy busy bees we've been!
No matter how "busy" a persons day might be. If they "really care", they'll always find time for you.
Happy Friday #SanDiego! Who is driving a #car2go this weekend? Where are you taking it? Let us know!
Aww shucks! Thanks for being you and all that you do!
Check out our GET FIT FOR KIDS CHARITY PROGRAM tomorrow morning on ABC 15 at 530 & 630!
I have never had Nutella
wait what is a noogie?
Initial surveys back from Post-Doc seminar we taught show Dreamweaver higher than Web apps. Greater ability to customize maybe why?
Yay!! My super awesome and incredibly wonderful Sister is now on Twitter! If you like me, you'll LOVE her. :)
HULK LIKE GAYS
Sorry, it was me...
Just enjoyed lunch with some great people
It goes down LIVE inside Club Empire TONIGHT at 9p on with , & ! Join us!
Awww thanks Andy, I'm flattened!
exactly how i am feeling today, just want to be at the yard
we will figure things out tonight “: Torn in between the 2! Ah.”
Huge congrats to my insanely talented friend, on the pick up of ABC's pilot #LastResort!! :) Can't wait to start watching!
Fell asleep at the computer. Wake up. Work. Repeat.
you're very welcome! I wouldn't have it any other way. You're a great person <3 love you!
“: man no disrespect but these dudes are super waaaack. i go on at 11:15, 30 mins before chip!!!” good shit my dude!
it's time to stand up and find out where you came from
yes we got it. I forward it to my business partner. That song is a hit bro!
Just some co-worker ? What going away pizza did you eat?
#sex lets have sex
What's up twitter followers how r u all doin today?!?
VT's Logan Spaw tallies first hit of the game for Hokies, but we're still scoreless thru 5 complete.
I should spend more time with my family
Omg. When people play with my hair > 😌
Big Bill Thompson welcomes Big Bill Daley back to the City of Big Shoulders. Why hang out with those little people in Washington anyway?
looking forward to coming back to L.A. in April!
follow us on , video release time will be tweeted soon!!! :)
Listening to Kristen Hersh
Not a big fan of church swag #banana shoes..
man u crazy for dat video keep up man first 50cent now dondria u da man
congrats love <3 now txt me back
Has your mechanic ever tried to sell you something you may not need, or used car tech lingo you don't understand?
RT Had a cup of coffee and read "Making Scholarly Publications Accessible" (cont…
A bunch from leaving on Tuesday to do 150 miles of the Camino de Santiago. My heroes!
Im on the moms side
seriously?! Do they keep stats for flopping?
RT : when you head out to the #colts game... please take a new or gently used coat to donate for
I just don't get it....
Yep. I'm done for the year. No throwing for me.
I will b accompanying G. Claiborne friday night in Los Angeles on piano @ El Camino college's Society of Music Concert.
pick me up in 20 outside the student center? My phone is out of battery
your welcome keep up the good work!!!!
Thank you for your patience!
Just once! But your project looks really extreme & cool also
That work out tonight tho was much needed
Got some great social media tips today from and Thanks for coming and giving some advice!
Great speed networking session at #insights12 #Epicor conference.
CNN wants and interview! I'm writing the info for the producer now. PRAY!
This faggot said his favorite team was Team USA cause he can't decide who he likes -__-
starting breaking bad from season 1 tonight.
#celticschat Are the Celtics gonna' make the playoffs? YES/NO tweet me :)
Its so dark!
Thank you for the mention!
Jätte bra, you little rascal, you! How did you know?
LOL!!! We def need to talk and catch up!!!!
DM me your number
WH notes in order to maintain openness of the #Internet some modicum of a uniform international regulatory scheme needed.
Oh nice! I made sure to archive my Geocities site so future researchers won't be without my insights into the X-Files.
I think thats an excellent idea! Many are repeat offenders, and the punishments are not nearly strict enough.
Walker talkin about 'millions of out of state special interest dollars.' Are people really gonna buy that line from the $25 million guy?
lol. That dudes a fucking psycho. It's not even funny anymore Chels. I'm scared.
seriously - we don't open till 530 please don't sneak in the back door and scare the crap out of me.
I can't log into my school email, after a stressful day of registration issues and confusion. Bad timing. Have I been kicked out of college?
I thought that Lamar Odom got a fair deal in Dallas. On the other hand, his non-Kardashian family problems didn't help.
oh well then I complement you on your choice and will power :)
With my mother hospital for her post surgery check up
Taking loads at a bookstore now.
Whitney Bezzant auditions for Live for Music
What you do after school is very important if you want a job in the future.
I don't wanna talk about it i'm sorry
really tough lately! Thanks for the encouragement! I really did need it! Thank you :-)
hello my TWEETS.. Drop me a line.. tell me hows..everyone doing.. have a great night... ciao ciao a presto...
Happy Easter everyone :) I have blue dye on my elbow and I think it might stay there forever ;P
I have no clue, I asked him and he's like don't be rude?
having an egg salad sandwich - do you like that? I put potato chips on mine LOL
Hm what should it be??? : You'll need a *safe word* u can both understand. ": How abt sex plz!
About to come out of hibernation.
It's extremely charitable of us to take on the entire Southern Hemisphere's fall/winter weather in one night.
some of y'all have a lot of free time on your hands!
yay you followed me! Thanks :D
TGIF! "Like" this status if you are happy that its Friday and you are ready to have a great weekend ;)
Looking for people for a short- term temp assignment. Please email or DM for details.
For the last week I've been thinking there is something wrong with my PHP script, come to find out today that it isn't me, it's the server.
Man need to turn this thang up.
Hoping big dinner will get her started, will keep you posted!
#MittRomneyFilms Lie Hard With A Vengeance
Tired of seeing parents giving their #IPads #IPods to infants & toddlers instead of interacting w/them.There ISN'T an app for that.
haha deleted the account a year ago. I hate facebook
your making me so hungry. Free? and I may have to come. When do u work this week
hey--have you seen anvil the story of anvil? Thoughts?
I love you all very much! I got my account back to me, which is awesome!
Yes, sir. Warren Zevon RIP. You are still missed.
": You can't mess with a Child of God."
feels good doesnt it?!
What's the female equivalent of a mustache? Something that could make each and every one of us look beyond creepy? Probably a mustache.
Congrats to !! What an awesome day for her getting a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame!!
you need to get better soon man, we need you on the field bro!
"A day without sex is a day wasted man!" Judging from his awkward pantomime, he has wasted his whole life.
Even when I know platform well, am always amazed at students discovering alternative/easier ways to do stuff!
not usually but I could..
Cotton Candy Brings back alot of my childhood memories&its so yummy:))
good question, it's hard to explain....just a feeling.
omg you are back on Twitter. You crazy bitch. Coming in for goat cheese crepe ASAP. Still on for Center Sunday????
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. ~ Sam Keen
Kids have awareness of global world but know less about the community around them.
He probably choked on his own bile.
haha, you silly.
STTTOOPP! MOST DEPRESSING THING I'VE EVER HEARD!
What was your favorite Tv show as a kid?<3
Just because I say I'm a dancer, DOES NOT mean I am a stripper.my Goodeness
Goodnight moon
Shoot. Shoulda checked twitter before I got here. How late are you working tonight?
cheap vodka crans should make for a fun evening ;)
Headbands with bows are here to stay they have transended fad and moved to be a staple.
Thanks, checking you out now.
lol he need to get up and you know why you didn't get me
Waiting on the world to change ..
You must be Windows 95 because you gots me so unstable.
I actually get to watch in Chicago today on
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net and see our exciting new changes!
There should be a handful dBridge and Instru:mental releases on there. There's also a couple Nu:tone albums you might like
Lol are you gonna start charging?!?
chilling u??
That was such a tough lost...and on our HOMECOMING!!
#TeamTexans everyone but Shannon Sharpe picked beangals Shannon picked our boys
No, that's the truth RT : The Yankees are a good baseball team
I wanted to be a comedian everyone laughed I just gave up
Speaking for Cindy, our argument is not that players can't have pride, but they shouldn't just run off so quickly.
Hey stranger! It's been ages! Hope all is well in your world and that the words and the wine are aflowin'!
lol isn't that the reason why you dont
Email address sent to your email.
Classes are so boring...
I take 3 L's to the head love, live, life then I'm dead!
i did now follow back!
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life & I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. ~Georgia...
The Park police are evicting the #occupyDC folk in McPherson Square! Sad scene on my way to church
Hm.. What should I cook?
Its hard to find a girl that has a Play station 3 and no kids.
AnyTime Ms. Lovely ;)
My favorite F Word: #Feminist (and damn proud of it!)
if it makes you feel better I'll be that...I'll stay QUIET about this cause it's making you QUITE upset LOL
tumblr goes down. sign on to twitter and complain about it
Watching kickoff to #F1GrandPrix season on #SPEED from Melbourne. Hamilton & Button look good but Vettel & Hamilton lurk. McLaren Merce ...
lol! hell is wrong with us?
Ghost Protocol in IMAX was incredible. Brad Bird and JJ Abrams just seem to get it. Josh Holloway! Absurd gadgets! Continuity! Cameos!
burnin out this fuse up here alone
Plus Kayne West AND Foster The People are playing at the #BDO2012. book us in.
M I love Jamaican food OMG
#printchat RT : Do pre-press operators ever tell off-color jokes?
Destiny is calling me to open up my eager eyes..
Pulling out the banjo for a service...look out!
Playoffs later today ! Can't sleep so excited.....
being perfect would be boring
Stop our Beachside Café at the Tradeshow opening tomorrow at the Convention Center #1110-4 for party wristband, coffee, freebies
thanks dude! Really glad you enjoyed the songs!
maybe...... Maybe not haha =D
You should really try to collect those clips from the projects you have worked on. If that's not possible keep working for clips
I would wish you luck but I'm saving all the good luck for myself lol.
what's changed?
LOL! LOve you.
I had 15 people against me and two on my side. You know how that feels.
Omg omg omg Im almost done with school! 9 days till graduation :)
Your toddler shall one day rule this land. //
I was planning on winning the lottery a few weeks back. Boom: Cadorin Arena
“: A drunk person's actions is just a sober person's thoughts.” Not always, otherwise all grenades would be virgins still.
hey, Bri. Thanks for following.
Hmm words are so fun. BHO Loves Twisting emotional phrases with crap but it is still crap
#cottonbowl Let's see if we can see some defense in a bowl game for chrissakes!
Yes we are in the same timezone! Happy Mother's Day mama!
Thanks buddy, you did a great job breaking down PPC today
Thanks for the RT!! :)
Whitney thank you for the gift that you gave to the world,thank you for inspiring such a beautiful and touching service.
my little sister moves into #ClarkU today! I hope her #weekone is as memorable as mine was 5 years ago ah!
Headed to next....such a euphoric day :)
Lots of concurrent processing. Why I'm having to use a large high speed FPGA and a processor.
business is not what it used to be - the well-being of social, cultural systems is critical to future of business success
At the Tigers game!
RT : Please, please I hope you are designing a special badge for the by on Oct 30, National Mall, DC!
my 11:11 wish hasn't come true yet... When is it supposed to start working?..
We're hiring #USC students for the summer (and 2012-13). Video editor, admin., comm. asst., researchers! DM or .
Refilled my South Cider growler at tonight. Always happy to see the place packed!
Thanks for making our entire office laugh.
Catholic Churches Distribute Letter Opposing Obama Healthcare Rule
Come on lakers
Wow, that unwatched pot just boiled pretty darn quickly.
wow that was messed up you better not tell him you know... poor dude
so, so, so pumped for grabbing some to enjoy en route to NYC later today!
I heard it through the grapevine... #SpeakingOfFebruary4th is going to be super groovy!
Holdengraber says that he does cognitive theater! And after any LIVE program, people should *read* afterward most of all.
I think I really like who I'm becoming
I'm being ironic, there is a big debate over raising height limits in dc and some people think raising them will destroy the city
I'm craving Easter candy. Wtf, Mary!
One of our Entrepreneurship 101 students, incarcerated at a MA state prison, has asked to DELAY her release date to finish the course!
I've been there, done it, fucked around, after all that this is what I found...nobody wants to be alone. If you're touched....shit.
Academia: An extended playground where socially inept adults try to convince themselves of their own intelligence and worth.
Happy Fat Tuesday! Let's use the day as an excuse to stuff our greedy little mouths with as many forbidden treats as we can. Donut, anyone?
Thanks. I wonder about DirectTV or Prism. And are there any other alternatives here?
hell yea! Lol
what what??
Thanks Nova.
looking for a link, code to the webinar on Thursday.
yes.. How is school in Iran??
It was totally weird! I kept wondering if he didn't realize what he was doing, but in hindsight, HE TOTALLY DID.
He wants the milk and pearl necklace for free.
what's wrong with my meggie!
We're not that scary, are we? ;) Pass it along, I'm sure someone will be interested!
I want a gf
The Union is holding a #MemorialUnion Design Meeting this coming Tuesday Nov. 1st at 6:00 pm to forge ahead with the #GlassBox PLEASE ATTEND
Business chimes in supporting expansion.
Haha..does that mean you rested up & drank lots of OJ?!
I like Jamie too! Seems very sweet!
Does anyone know any good fit classes in NYC that offer battling rope workout? I have an editor who is dying to try it! ?
Probably a pretty good idea, since the cuts would take place in January. Um, three months away.
Thanks for being on the blogging panel today at #SPJR9. It was great to have your perspective on the session.
Funny stuff tonight. Sunday Team 7PM show. Bueno.
6 After Seth lived 105 years, he fathered Enos;
"This ring is SPECTACULAR! Beautifully clear stone, quick shipping. A+" - Ann from Clearwater, Florida
Getting Ready For The Main Event. May This Year Be The Year! 2012 WSOP CHAMPIONSHIP like the sound of it...
What if they got married...
Oh, that's where you went, too? Thanks- we were excited about the feature :)
NFL Head,Neck&Spine Committee Dr who cleared Chris Owusu stated Chris "is not at increased risk for subsequent concussions"
Besides forgetting the words , he did a good job
dad if you wanna go get some strawberry cream cheese and bring change for a 20 and lrg ice coffee nilla c/s, THANKYOU dont be late
I'll start tomorrow
darn. Well I'd you can, maybe you should go at ten if you think that's ok!
I dont think its a bad thing at all! And dont be scared to ask that!
rest of the season and playoffs. easy.
I saw my nephew today for the first time in months that Lil guy made my day!
It's not all about waiting until the storm passes, it's about learning to dance in the midst of it ...
It's where the future $$ at and you can't beat the lifestyle. Surf, sand, and all the beautiful locations!
"Together we are weight. I am/mass multiplied by you:/gravity. We invent our own inertia"- from W=MG by #amreading her chapbook
When I see ppl with muscles I get motivated to workout for a good minute... Then I want a Mcflurry! :)
sometimes I like to walk by the sea ... it relaxes me ... ;)
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Haters!! Get another hobby please.
Father John Misty Magic Wands
If my head comes in contact with sunlight for even a split second, I start to feel a burnin sensation. #whosgotsunscreen?
So I am on the runway in Charlotte, unable to watch the UK game with a bunch of Louisville nerd students. Help!
Some lions mate over 50 times a day. #odd facts
Homework is a bitch I'm 100% gonna be up all night
THIS is why the bunt is fucking stupid
Cincinnati is a beautiful, complicated city with many tasty layers. I wouldn't wanna be anywhere else
Glad to see Blackberry is investing in some advertising... Only four years too late.
Gets accomplished, period.
thanks, will definitely miss you too :(
We will be open at 11 for Texas Oklahoma Saturday!
Imagine, Create, Manifest!!!!! The Time is Now
it's some ghetto lil girls living in my neighborhood. They was tryna fight over a nigga at 4 this morning.
I'll do it in like 20 :)
Lets roll
You can TELL the president's nervous. He KNOWS this could be big...
Thanks Jess! RT If you are interested in architecture and/or design, I highly recommend following Beautiful work.
It's "Thirsty Thursday"...We're showin love... --- $5 Goose (All Flavors) -----$5 Hennessy VS Until 11 PM...
Thanks for spreading the tree love!
Man, went to sleep during the 4th quarter and woke up to news that the got eliminated!
Been at the doctor for an hour now waiting on my mom. I'm ready to get in my bed.
and today I wanted too go
idk how I'm feeling actually lol! How you maam?
Hey man! hope you feel better
bartending come in for some great drinks and specials!
#9 "My eyes are taking a break."
Happy Birthday Dr King
We have more than one collection with dance cards. This one was blank- we hope it was an extra and not from a wallflower!
for once in your life...
And I will mock all of you & spit on all of you & flog you & kill u & in 3 days, you will lie. Joey 4:20 Happy Easter
I don't think so. I lost many brain cells there ;)
#butyougotdemjsdoe #htine Don't catch ammonia chile.
OR it could be Brad Pitt a la Burn After Reading. (Try not to kill him)
Didn't want to post it but it's too funny not too. Got back from the gym, sat in my chair, 2 wheels broke, then while fixing my pants ripped
Until next time buddy, I will miss you<3
that dude looks like he could make a diamond in that fist, what are you putting in the coffee there?
Just fell up my bedroom steps twice running to get mr softee & I miss em hahaha
#4famouswords What is your problem?
Gratitude ditto. :) May your Monday be better.
If you havent seen the post game conference for the Xavier vs. Cincinnati game, please watch
If I saw a chick leave her purse I would just assume she don't want that shit.
Election season is upon us, they are already running political ads on the internet.
MySpace was just mentioned on Viewpoints as social media that is currently in use...um ax MySpace and add Twitter to that conversation.
God's plans for us is always better than what we have planned,RT if you trust in God and would never disagree with what may happen to us...!
park forest IL it's n country club hills I won't kno the name of the place and what time it start until I get my tix next week
Mondays, Tuesdays, or Wednesdays *1st cut FREE - before 3pm. We'll do up to 2 free cuts per day. Call Raymond. expires 12/31/11.
My favorite Feruzza line ever was when he wrote that calling Granite City a brewery was like calling Subway a bakery.
In Kenmare, Ireland pub - guess what is on telly? Rugby.. No Hurling.. No. Golf in Arizona where I live
have you fake called the Easter bunny yet?
Honored to be among such great people!
i think you are so incredible you are always by my side through good and bad thankyou!
I am looking for additional partners and customers to meet with in Minnesota next week. Please le me know if you are interested.
we also got you guys on Reverbnation!
What a cloudy #Sabbath day. Still in all God is good!
follow before she commits!26
I am guessing its not a good thing that I am falling asleep on my couch, but I have boot camp in twenty minutes.:)
I should of gotten someone to get me chocolate strawberries, hahaha.
My pleasure. Someone very fortunate will receive that internship.
i definitely will!!!
Gladly (I just did). Keep up the good work.
Guess that's RHE ONLY way she know how to get money!
Woah this is the shortest my hair has been in awhile.... #damnit 😠
Err, what time Game 7 will be?
Great work, Josh!
Stepped outside to enjoy some of this glorious day!
Please follow me <3 ?
Thanks for the consistent updates!
I call Gatorade by the color instead of the flavor
doesnt matter it never gonna come out.
"Dear Justin, if you were my Boyfriend your Jerry would never be alone." Pregnant Because Of Jerry ;)
if I could have a job to where I could make everyone I knew happy, I'm pretty sure the world would be a great place (:
Passing through Kingsburg, CA where is from. Go vols!
Treat Yo Self day is a success so far. Dropped a hundo on clothes and camp gear. Haircut next!
k thx u can change it if u don't like it -MB
12 hours bruh. Midnight release FTW.
Thanks for the follow
To tell you the truth, prolly wouldn't think about that. I can tell you I have never worn one out on a shoot.
I hope everyone had a happy Mole Day! And wore their safety goggles!
getting a message that the server www3.isrl.illinois.edu/unsworth cant' be found
Katie why did you day suck?
RT : Spread the word -- our next #MKEfoodies event will be held at Rumpus Room. Details are forthcoming! Hope to see you there!
yeah! Meeting at knight foundtn booth now. Deciding food location.
#FollowAnyTime thanks for following! Huge fans of your work!
T-minus 12 minutes for prayer meeting. cant' wait to see God show up! God bless you! join in if you like my Skype name is Carlos.Bello507
What's a good phone number to reach you on???
Thanks for the advice, , , , & I had a great first day :)
Canadian mixed with a little Caribbean right?
how soon is now?
One if the best center fielders of all time is now in right field for the Angels. you're still the man!
I HOPE U NOTICE ME I BEEN WISHING THIS DAY 2 COME TRUE 4 3 YEARS!plz follow me
Jets Defense lookin real nice...quick moves and gang tackles like my BROs old Maryvale team.....Lookin Good Lookin Mean...
I think Hu Jintao just rolled up across the street from my apartment. There's fanfare, flag waving and protesting a plenty. Sirens, too.
Rocking a #punk #Audrey Hepburn look today
I agree. And I love his pinkie rings! Hi Big Boy!
End of Day 4 in the Sony Service Watch and still no call to schedule a service call. We'll see what day % in-store tomorrow. Just Terrible
Deal....no question, great trade
it is not a real siren unless it is a #Drudge SIREN
A.C.E? Real hipsters use CE.
I would actually like to meet a heat fan, someone who isn't from miami tho. I don't think they exist
Charlotte: Wheres a good place to watch the fight tonight?
for real?
Yes !!!!! I LOVE IT. YOU LOOK FUCKING FLAWLESS!!!!
That sound you hear? It's the institution of marriage banging its head against the wall asking for mercy.
Let's do it!!! Idk if hookah will be open tonight though but we will see!
In a network, you avoid duplicating your efforts to focus on what you’re good at.
why?? You co-own this account haha
Adoption of SharePoint is slow. need to show the benefits and get buy in.
You mess with me and mess with her I'll make sure you get what you deserve
Why do I feel like everyone knows what's best for me except me?
yes just checked mine to make sure it recorded!
*MY* ACLs are fine. Our dog Max however, has a torn one. Ugh.
Thanks for the follow. Cool website. great services.
please follow our co-founder !
hi slut
great meeting you at the event. Keep in touch, lots of ways to collaborate.
lmfao boi its a drink i make
Noke bound with !
is there a better kind?
Do NOT miss Uncle Vanya at ! Very moving production/cast!
Delta Air Lines named "Top Tech-Friendly U.S. Airline" by PCWorld for airport recharging stations, in-flight Wi-Fi and smartphone apps.
Bamboos grow +3 ft a day and can reach the full height in a few days. That's an enviously short puberty period!
Hey buddy, are you down for shuffle board, at the super bowl party?! if you need a partner, we'll figure that out there!
What is there to do in #DC? Going there tomorrow for the first time in ten years
That's because we are too ill for you Minnesotans!
no, did u?? What happened?
That awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street.”
Food for Thought Thursday! Eat oranges and stay young! Oranges are high in antioxidants, which neutralize the effects of free radicals,...
Gas is now $3.84 per gal. for me. #Obama #DrillHereDrillNow Was this the #Change I was promised? Can I change it back? 4 years will do.
You'd need wifi or internet. Don't judge me :-)
justin b birthday is coming
bar stays green!
Thank you Kevin for the great tweet! Have a beautiful day!
Come on k rod. And to kotsay of all people.
Dually RT : Noted. RT : Farting isn't weird. Injecting yourself with bull semen: that's weird.
Home Depot.
u might not love me but i still luv u and i will support u in any thing a 100% :(
my bladder is goin to explode!
Please follow me :) please please please
Really did a great job in Bmore MD at Ramshead. I need Info for your cd, your leggins, & your shoes! :)
#HEADDESK. Can you define socialism for me??
why was LeChoke standing in the corner as usual? Where was the #MVP?
Thanks man. Got the link to your stuff in there now too!
Dr. Freeze: Treating rare diseases requires interactions of scientists, doctors, patients, government, philanthropists &more
we'll be sure to tell her!
Let me know when things settle down so Cooper can meet Uncle Bav
Here we go! #Damagedgoods starts today!!
hi say Happy Mothers Day to your mom from me...(in Mexico is today):-)
Locker room scenes galore. Enjoy!
Twitter has truly changed the world....
Finally starting #DowntonAbbey. There's no way it can live up to the hype. Then again, that's what I said about
The resurrection of JC Penny is upon us. All hail Ron Johnson!
cool! Ill be here from 12-2p, come see me before u go to ur picnic;)
Hello everyone ! Today is birthday and remember birthday is the 2 so keep that in mind !! Merry Thursday !
wait what? O.O who?
wow that's cool going to the draft !!!
RT: This Thursday of will be our guest on #mediachat. The fun starts Thurs. night at 10pm EST. See ya there!
I live next to an amazing golf course! It's great for anything except golf.
you are the best psychologist!!! Listening to you guys this morning... Miss you
A girl who believes in fairy tales...
A bad day fishin beats a good day workin
you like them too?:))
I wish I could, but I have class tonight
You are very welcome.
There's no greater bliss in life than when the plumber eventually comes 2 unblock ur drains. No writer can give that sort of pleasure
Cake for breakfast, lunch and snack..taking treat yourself to a whole new level. Thanks so much
“: writes YA books. Start with "Uglies." I read tons of YA cuz so many good authors!!
I ask ours every morning if he had good puppy dreams. Good stuff. RT : There's puppy dreams going on on my couch.
RT Doubt, of whatever kind, can be ended by action alone. Thomas Carlyle 1795-1881, Philosopher and Author
Took a shot and chased with pickle juice
I CANNOT believe it---time truly flies.
S/o to for joining the pata sucia club (;
if you order from Amazon often, yes.
The people who can ignore the current economic situation and want to have a stock price run-up are in fat city today.
Thx! Second clip soon!
"A man never shows his own character so plainly as by his manner of portraying another's."
Providence improv fest! Who else is going?
“: Ever look at your best friend and wonder why the hell you aren't comedians?”
Needs someone to play in my hair till I doze off.
Fair enough...!
Love it! -> RT : A smile is the lightening system of the face, the cooling system of the head & the heating system of the heart
Observing w/unsurprised bemusement as another higher ed institution and its depts gate-keep and turf-protect themselves into irrelevance.
Accidentally sent an email to someone I hate. Recall, recall. This morning is not going well. Ug.
I don't understand why people skip class. You're just going to have to mkae it up later.
Time to start booking some shows on this Monday morning!
whats good? i got something for you! dm me your email!
Seeing "God of Carnage"
Join Co- Author of "Success On God's Terms" in Atlanta this week "#Take Back Your Life Tour" do not miss this life changing event!
When someone has a nickname, calling them by their real name doesn't sound right.
And there you have it. NYR in 7. I actually called one right. Go me!
hey wadown girl havent seen u since since myspace died lol you got a facebook how you been ;-)
12/3 706 S. 5th MKE - We will be creating tech to make planning for bike infrastructure better. Share lunch & wisdom with us 12:30P
Honored. Thanks! Or thanks again ( #sleepless memory loss)!
some shit aint gone never change....
hosting the ladies free all night special with free drinks tonight ladies get here only after hour spo on a friday night
Jus set in that i cant jus go to florida when ever i wanna now.....
can't wait for
45% of small companies on Facebook & Twitter (more than have a company website)
nothing wrong with that and lord knows there's enough of them down southside lol
Special Valentines Menu avail today thru Mon. We are open this Sunday 11:00-3:00, Come early for best selection or call ahead.
“: why arent i in a band?” Same
yeah that was a def work out lol at least someone got some sleep for us :)) I'm so glad you came :))
RIP #Junior Seau. The only linebacker to have his own Kellogg's cereal poster, trapper keeper folder, and SNES video game...
SATURDAY Small Tempest, The Light Clear Conscience, Thin of the Meadow, Hills Like Hemingway $14
Feels good to be back.
Cool! This year I started with 5 different cups (pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, singles) but now coins are all together.
Going on now: Wellesley Symposium on Liberal Arts Learning in the Digital Age: Interdisciplinary Science. Follow along at
When you come from a life of not having to having too quickly that's where the problem comes into play.
damn right i gets the paper or bread or cash w/e ppl say now a days
Making the every day location feel precious, dreamy, stunning, quiet and extraordinary is Mike Pedersen's photography: mikiep.com
Truth-> : Which? Everything is great b/c they win w/o Derrick? Or this means nothing b/c Derrick isn't playing?
#MerryChristmas and a
that makes 2 of us
the lake is almost back to 70F but with that comes the algae growth.
": Why is Lebron's hairline so far back on his head?"his dam head bands in the way lol
Doc appt for 145, still waiting. Makes sense
looks good...don't know when I'm leaving on sat, but will attend if I can...
Honestly that shit ruined my day and then was on my mind the rest of it. way to ruin a chill bro day
hacked indeed! Thanks for the heads-up!
For those following the World Series, what was your reaction to Canada beating USA for the PanAmerican Championship? Were you even aware?
"I don't wanna be the best QB in the NFL. I wanna be one of the best MEN to play for the NFL." MARRY ME RIGHT NOW AARON RODGERS 😍😘💏💑💋💍
If doesn't fire Spaz Flynn Fund donors are going to flee by the masses.
Woke up an hour ago, laid in bed thinking about work.... My alarm is going off in 10 min. I may as well start my day.
its not too bad, i am sure NC is full of cigar treasures. :)
New Twitter chat on PR Mobile starts this Thursday, 5 pm PST - #prmobile with and
OMG are you tweeting now??
not looking so good though. Have them going all the way
Just letting you all know, I'm always willing to talk and make friends :D I dont bite. haha.
Weird dreams>>>
#dml2012 Learning about muppet themed scavenger hunt designed to orient college students to N. Carolina St U (Raleigh) library. Cool stuff!
me to RT I want a septum piercing.. A small one
Dont get mad at me...
hahaha he aint cute at all.
RT : Long but fun day. Feeling' tired and sticky. Shower and bed for this chica. #g2b12 <--- me too! Early morning tomorrow…
Friends of the Library Used Book Sale @ Takoma Park DC Library! Sat. May 5 from 10-4 on the lawn. 416 Cedar St NW
sounds like we need a debate whenever/wherever Sherri wants.
One of C. Simmons favorite topics.
nice tan em
Put me in coach I'm ready to play! Get into the Game of Life!
CLU-IN | In the News &gt; Federal Business Opportunities (FedBizOpps)
Who is Prankster that can teach me thier ways? ;)
Playing DALLAS today @ 5pm w/ Motion City Soundtrack, The Early November, Hellogoodbye & more!
Describing an iPod to a 4-year-old as being "like a Walkman" is not helpful to them.
yeah. Like there are so many more important things the lgbtq community has to worry about but this sucks.
kk yes! Hopefully it's snow free!
RT : Volunteering at Nashville's Project Homeless Connect all day today :-)
it's so sad how much people change..
not sure I can do justice to this at all, let alone in tweet form..
Great looking guy! ;)
Smell that? It's genius brewing...
Finishing our volunteer recognition list for tonight's program. SO thankful for all our volunteers!
:/ have a good day.
Bad season premier of Glee...
Now I'm having a real hard time finding anything good on TV. First world problems.
Sorry, Jorge. I LOVE when Duke loses! I hate corporate colleges. Long live the one percent!
exactly and im jus doing me and focusing on my shyt and like u said wateva happens happens aha
Y'all know I'm on board that plan.
thanx for the follow
Can you please help me? My birthday is on the 20th and I really want to wish me a happy birthday since his EP comes out!
I can't reply to your DM's if you aren't following me! But, to answer your questions: Sure...what's up?
I <3 U and so do my kids. they are special needs children and cant talk much but they always say MJ! God bless
as long as I've got her, nothing'll get me down
and I live in a tree with a bunch of elves!
That awkward moment when nobody likes your facebook status.... :/
Hey What's new in world ? I like the university 'ceo' strategy.
Ever watch #glee? That's kind of like my work social life.
50/50 was overall disappointing. Levitt was pretty good, but just not a good film imo. Drawn out, inconsistent writing, bad directing
- I heard that new Pho Barclay movie is pretty epic..
Niggas take me as a joke ; Ill cut you like its funny :*
At the mayoral candidate forum - New Shiloh
I bet you do (;
1 more week of school
Why is NY always destroyed in movies?! 🗽✈❤
Rockn it here at the loft with wonfu from Taewon
Goldfish s'mores are delicious.
From the Chuck E. Cheese show: What music do balloons hate? Pop music!
That's ludicrous. Kobe can't given his teammates heart. That's on them. He's playing with the flu.
": ": s/o to nf" Following back!"awready
Please come over soon <3
Chris Kaman is the best redneck i have ever watched play this game, he is pretty damn good! any team could use him.
Aren't you tired of society ?! Lol
with the chocolate....OHMYSWEETCHOCOLATELORD. im hungry.
Mad tired and bored probably hitting the bed early to night
Just 10 days left to see Middleman's City Limits & Regaining Our Faculties. Stop by before they close!
Vest: We need to simultaneously compete & cooperate globally; should be driven by sharing
Ladies and Gents! We have received tons of submissions for the allCanes model search! Thank you so much for participating! We will be...
Last day in Switzerland- 50/rain- looking forward to the Nyc sun!!!
Me fail English? That's unpossible. - Ralph (The Simpsons)
RT those prices are extra crazy for
not much watching that star wars 3D tonight and going into the office tomorrow. Is that exhibit open on the weekends?
The day follows me is the day I learn how to do a backflip...
Im Rite Here Sis
there was a bad wreck at the entrance to campus...and therefore we lost all power!
Wouldn't having the leash make it so that it couldn't run off...? #youmakenosense ;)
The Heat seem so much bigger than all the rest.
Head injury?
Emailed you! =)
Out to eat with my King!!!❤
I can just go to a pet store and walk by the gold fish a bunch. maybe.
"dude i think your babe just barked."
tumblr, you just made stupid hoe blast through my house and not turn off. brb my ears are bleeding.
amen to that!
Returned from Sacramento and a meeting with the CDRC. Great progress and additional support for
Just finished watching the PBS program- "The Buddha." His last words to the disciples who followed him- "Strive on- tirelessly."
I'm really excited for the future music I put out...
They should re-name the History channel , the Hitler channel! They have more shit on there about hitler than a little bit..
I don't want to see that kid too.
awesome! I would name mine Rocky!
I can hear the excuse already. "oh, um I couldn't watch firefly b/c I had this UX Meetup thing to go to." :) haha
I'm glad you're homee❤
It's never too late to become what you might have been. -George Elliot
You are a cinema. I could watch you forever.
Can't wait to see you, neighbor!
Clean woulda stabbed myself in the eye with one them flags they wavin...
Who Tf Cakes With NOthing To Talk about
3rd generation military family, so they're in favor. Dad's an NCO, so I'm sure he doesn't want son on the "other side"
Thank you East Coast peeps for ruining The Voice for us.
#OccupyBurque Facebook says UNM granted a permit to stay on campus 24/7--if they move by Monday to Yale Park to spare Tight Grove.
We own the Giants
yes, apparently when men watch their calorie intake they still need a few calories for it not to count as a girlie diet drink
Embree had all the seniors at the press conference....hard to get good answers to questions...the frat house mentality kicks in
