chef in philly & 2nd one in suburbs, send resume to please pute chef resume in the subject
Work hard. Play harder
I like it.
really craving some kan jam right now.
I love you, you sexy son of a bitch. No, I'm kidding. I love mama mahone. ♥
Belated congrats to for move to DC to work for WashPost! Better stock up on great Tex-Mex and BBQ while you still can!
hes still doing in class exercises i guess
Well.... I feel worthless... Awesome
Just leaving the NYU Press reception for Robin Bernstein's 'Racial Innocence' -- ordered my copy and got to talk to some alums.
Hi Looks like your back!! I'm kinda back...had my wisdom teeth out yesterday!
Thomas a Kempis~ Carry the cross patiently and with perfect submission and in the end it shall carry you.
So improv, handheld cameras, location shooting, low budget. I taught a Dogme '95 class 4 yrs ago w/ some mumblecore.
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!⚡
are you serializing the entire book?
Lanfranconi for president!
He'll stop doing it when he hits one off a real pitcher. He will be on his ass. Grow up Cody, act like u been there.
The Chevy Sonic can go 488 miles on 1 tank! What fuels you on LONG rides? Tweet us w/ #chevyfuelsphilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card.
Thanks so much for the #ff. I'll respond when I can.
fuck you Ferny I an 5'3 okay!! So shut up!
Hey Lisa I need to get you on a track with Gloomy, can you get by tomorrow?
SAIR Atlanta Conference Attendees: Stop by the IOTA Solutions booth to learn more about Dr. Matthew V. Champagne, Former ARI Sr Research
It looks like the weather is going to be summery for the next few days maybe it is time to get a new pair of shorts
300+ top prospects for the 2012 #NFL Draft converge on Indianapolis this week for the combine. Who do you hope YOUR team will pick up?
you crazy, lol
My Heart's a Stereo, meaning I have one on the left and one on the right, and in between 'em there's a place to play your tapes.
u betta put that seat belt on and drive da speed limit
I'm always so undecided about whether to keep my hair blonde or dye it brown.
happy birthday ! :)
You pray to god to get one tweet from ur hero celebrity? oh dear lord just NO
Love shopping at #burlington!
Just started your new book - fascinating so far! Excited to hear you might speak at in #Baltimore on your US tour!
As a Buffalo sports fan this is all quite unbelievable.
I'm so sick... Someone please cure the common cold right this instant!
2pac - temptations my favorite song
Observing the smooth tact of well-dressed homie explaining to TSA the many uses a metal grinder has..beyond grinding weed.
i just loved it so much.made my heart swell
please let me know what the vet says Tracy
Omega 3s help moisturize from the inside out. Grabbed YL omega blue; took 2 doses. Cause mama doesn't have time to moisturize
I better than you AND I KNOW IT
indifferent to passion. He agreed with the writer. What is the most important are the relationships one has in this
of course most interesting will be to see what comes of it.. my gut reaction is they should be cautious w/ response, if any
LORD JESUS! they dance really perfectly for their age
And the room I booked only fits 30 people! This is an excellent problem to have. <grin> Looking for larger room.
we really do need to go out soon!
Thanks for following us! Do you use apps in speech therapy?
Looking for info on natural query language and syntactical parsers. Secret project.
This is where grinding pays off
Congratulations for winning the fantasy basketball league!
I love the outfit you have on in your icon pic! Lemme get that tshirt and those jeans! I have a similar jacket already ;)
Best signs I saw on the course today: 1. Runners make better lovers 2. Don't sh*t your pants 3. Go boogers (a little kid had that one)
That Ben C. guy is quite the charmer...
Good Morning!Waitin 4 Scotty to fix me breakfast
RT : RT : what's the best way to booze it up at home?! Just add Vodka
I wish I actually had time to make all the awesome stuff I find on
RT soundcloud.com/zedd/slamthedo… This is being released tomorrow on !!!!! Excitement-5000-pro-HD
in a half hour. tons of good music on x-mas stuff too.
I'm back at tonight at 9! Spin the wheel and I'll show you my stuffed animal.
Great day yesterday! Hung out with great people and mixer! Looking forward to a very busy weekend!
well long time no talk.!
It's Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
test away!!
We read it in prison last fall; the rough and the deadly were immediately accessible.
OBAMA!!! Thank you!!!
I have a million musings on Coach, that may require its own blog. Designing Woman sucked after Delta Burke & Jean Smart leftz
All it takes is one person to make you want to change who you used to be and to be a better person.
the only side efwect is my contacts get all dry from the heat and spices
Bitch don't try to pass this off as sticky rice, just admit it, you forgot the oil.
Lunch with Saruh is wonderful.
Fuck you, space bar.
You eaten at Acqua in White Bear Lake? #1 restaurant on OpenTable.
I don't know what "restaurants" are trying to pull. Food tastes better without pants and they're ruining it.
Just used FaceTime with my mom... The world is going to end.
When I let go of "how it should be," I allow my mind to quiet and I feel more at peace.
Good. Better. Best. Bested.
The nation's avg. mortgage interest rates near all-time lows. 30-year FRM averaged 3.91% last week, down from 4.77% last year!
I'm so tired of people taking me for granted.
Nothing! Phsyco parents....
you are such a qT bbyqurl
Have you fulfilled your potential yet? If not now when?
New Show Coming in Feb. ♥ I hope yall ready to be seduced by
I feel sorry for She is really upset...
Ask and you shall receive. Now, I hope you're cheering for the mountaineers to beat the tigers?
Hey -- if you wanted to order really amazing Chinese delivery, what would you choose?
league knows BC has more years behind it than in front if it. They know it can't support revenue stream. On same page with NBA
great, thanks for the feedback. It is the promotional video for the US Premiere of NOTHING by Nic Balthazar.
Is it a coincidence that the song "Celebrate" came on as soon as and I hot into town? #dontthinkso :)
atleast we know the pacers should have won...
Tub of ice cubes please.
Good to know! I'm always on the lookout for good beer.
I just ate a really good with at Go @ yourself.
These are my #TwitterBestFriends (:
Like I told you after the Milton Bradley signing: "Sorry!" TM
Lapel Community Band Performance on Sun. 9-26 @ 3 pm. Tickets available in the box office. Adult $6 Student $3. Doors open at 2 pm.
...and our power just went out. Neat.
Let your kids Feed the Woozle. Note: 5-second rule doesn't apply. How cute is this? From & Gina Manola; review
I don't always watch college football, but when I do, it's not usually this entertaining.
10 more days of
Focused on my future
even though i cant be there since i live in narnia... YEAH! that would be awesome! have fun :)
Thanks. I am pretty bummed. Going to try again on Monday.
when are we not excited for Packer football?
TREE OF LIFE tonight and X-MEN: FIRST CLASS tomorrow morning for Jim. Seems like a good way to kick off a weekend, eh?
And thank you to the wonderful serving staff who put on the luncheon! It was delicious.
Get FREE medium drink if U mention #Twitter w/any breakfast or lunch purchase!
ahh forgot one,wasn't a crush though but
it's the first of the month. good chatting with you...kinda ;)
Mpls police chief Tim Dolan opposes Shoot First Bill saying it will make the job more dangerous
Mammoth activates and adds him to 23-man roster
No ones really tweeting much so...Helloo. ;D
At home. Beer. Movie. Bed.
Between , Concerts in the Park, and all the other rad events in town, #Sacramento has got it GOOD this summer!
nothing planned yu need to make me done hot wings Lolz
If yer dogs stare @ you while on the comp how long can you go b4 you give in to their mind control and get up?
Call me what you want, but I prefer Long John Bronze's.
The Shelby County Players will be holding auditions for the holiday production of The Best Christmas Pageant Ever Oct 10 & 11 @ 6:30pm
i love his accent
Static Demos, Cupcakes, and Hair Raising Photos! Sound like a birthday your kids may dig? Visit www.thebakken.org/birthdayparties.html !
information sent. Sorry in advance for all the messages it took to explain :)
Note to self: do NOT play tug of war with a cyclops while driving!
Happy Easter Weekend! Hope you are chilling and having a good time.
follow me here please!!!!!! :D
Just heard KStew was seen hitting LAX so she will be in NYC!
Woman reigns in her family circle, making happiness and every virtue possible, and spreading harmony and peace throughout her domain. (1850)
Dear ChDC-L list: There is no need to reply to a misdirected email with a roll call telling the entire list that the title is not yours!
I tried to figure it out once but gave up. Would try harder if I really wanted to have my music on my phone. Cheers.
SNOOKI IS PREGNANT?? the world is ending.
haha i think you have told me that before...
Saddened by how horrible women can be to each other because of their own insecurities. We should be support & empower each other.
reloaded on new train with an announced departure time of 5:20. Kinda hard now that it's 5:45, isn't it?
Abandon hope all ye who enter Cliff Shuttle.
I love getting 13 pieces when I order a 12 count chicken nuggets! Yay for chick-fil-a!
It's great man. Really like it..
that makes sense. Thanks!
Yep, because the #MahomieFamily is BIGGER! I love you so much <3. And i wait for you know them <333.
Hey guys... ya ever pop a woody when getting a physical from a female doctor?
Betty Sawyer Evans, you will always be the girl in my LIFE! I LOVE YOU MOMMY! YOU ARE THE QUEEN OF MY HEART!!!
Hair yesterday... Gone today.
Bad Habits- Destiny's Child
#Chicago’s historic Soldier Field becomes first North American NFL stadium to attain LEED Certification
Texas would drive me crazy! Not enough TREES. But I DID love 'Second-Hand Lions' :D
I have worked on my essay and graded. That means that it is tax time (groan). Love tax, but hate doing taxes.
I had the wolf in me. So did Nina.
So Carolina Rep Chair asked to predict winner other day said he wasn't good at that cause "I thought Clemson would win bowl game"
thinking about watching some of 's YouTube videos..? Sounds like a good way to spend my Friday night! (: <>
my favorite person to follow
went home this weekend to get my stuff for #cancun aka spent all my money shopping
not much, just blowin trees and watching criss angel. wbu?
Gettin the nails did :)
What movie?
chillen , hearing about how fake u is
Saw three guys doing "Arnold" presses at the gym tonight. Not one was doing them right. Has no one under 50 seen Pumping Iron?
I feel like this guy needs help. Take 's offer. Don't be stupid.
Lol what I do?
Your house.
Hey - thanks for the follow. U still in S. Africa?
Morning!! -_- You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
So wrong - "Store prices all end in 9, except Wal-Mart. Guess shoppers there can't count to 9, so they stop at 6." -
garage right now?
PS Bianchi is just upset that Urban took all the good CDs in the divorce :)
Ha!! yea but this food is losing the battle
thank you sir glad you enjoy them! 👍
Hey everyone, the Libraries are all decorated for Valentine's Day and have out new displays of movies to get everyone in the mood for V-Day!
We’ve seen a significant increase in companies adding talent over the past 90-120 days. All of these positions are net-adds, not replacemen…
class with Brad Taylor in a few. ;)
u have by far the hottest ass, ever. I want it!!! Haha
is Danks in line for the win if the lead holds? Or is it Reed?
OMG i cant wait for movie IN 3D ahh its going to be like hes Right in front of you<3 there is a GOD!! <3 EEEP
Aaron; I live in TX. We pay a hell of a lot more for insurance than we did in Indy, and it's crappier.
Thanks...A lot(:
Guess that says something about me lol!
VOLTURE (cd release party) tonight
safe to say
Time 2 rock the A-rod jersey Mr.two Dozen
If a man should gain the whole world & have not charity...
Thx for the shout out
I think it was 8 mistakes, not deaths. Probably more deaths than 8/10000 er visits.
I'm using it to jumpstart me back into working out!
of course !! #Delena and #chair forever :D
oh my
Q1 Students need a connection to "their" world. How does it affect me? This is the question my 8th graders always want to know
A few Drake tickets were just released for tonight's show!
About to beat the shit out of my punching bag in the garage
Nice! I just have an old bottle of Chivas. The chicks in that show are great. just great...
Ha! Yeah, too true. I think I did meet both versions. I think my first encounter was in Sam's basement.
At the opening night of Forum Film Festival. Opening film #Mama Africa left the crowd excited for second feature #Lucky!
i cant believe i got sick. tf? i never get sick...i wanta go die
who IS the $LEXG/$RAYS crew? I still haven't received a single mailer on it
#rollcallnyy a. Palm Bay, FL b. gave me 1/2 day off so i could watch it (and he's a red sox fan lol) c. sure
Yeah... Good to see you too?
I "came back" a few weeks ago. I've been following you on this account for a while. 'Cause you're #awesome!
#SKC gameday the biggest game of the season so far, lets bring the power back to the east and continue our historic run
": RT ": you have a gun rack? okay." so thought of you! My little hick!"
love your background!
Archives can build media players that accommodate edge-to-edge digital scans of MP film, setting up a dynamic of format semiotics.
Hey big man can I get a retweet? Today's the anniversary of my divorce, I'd love to forget about it!
We are looking forward to reading your tweet fellow traveler :)
it's okay cause if you called me during Power Rangers...you'd get no love lol
at least you know.
Sunny Day Real Estate
My brain is spinning today. Must get the ADD under control!
Earth called. She is pissed. It's march and 85 degrees out. I'm Colorado. Time to turn on the A/C so I stop sweating. Shit.
Jim Boeheim about to join I hope they ask coach which Bestie Boy is his favorite! Or if he'd called TO 2 get Berggren in game?
So grateful to be here, to be alive, to be able, to be healthy.
Whoa!sup w/these boots? OK that's enough! RT my black ass actually blushes when u wear those boots
make your plans - THIS THURSDAY NIGHT - for THE CRASH! coming soon.....details of our upcoming V.I.P. PARTY!!!!!
Let's go Giants ;) <3 (even though everyones for saints) ;P
Tmy step-dad
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA PUT ON A THONG, GREASE YOURSELF UP, AND BEND OVER!!
How is she still on American Idol!? She's not that good!
that is so cute
u got kids?
Last year I speed walked (2:53), this year is walked 50%, jogged 50% (2:39), so pretty easy to gain 14 minutes :)
Proud of RT's today from , , , ! Lustre Found is so getting there.
...And I love superhero kids. So how do I blend an urban YA story with superpower future? Hm...maybe I just did...
I'm digging this Instagram shit. I ain't gotta tell U what it is... Nothing better then a visual. C 4 yoself
thanks for coming out.
“: Don't ya hate it when your blackberry goes really slow and u feel like punching it in the memory card !” HAHAHAHAHA!!!
A black #CafePress #tshirt with white #CCP #logo in size M to first person who #posts a #review of any of our #books on #Amazon in Oct.
wow yur really hot !!!!!
Spring has sprung. Change is in the air. Why not switch up your new favorite tea blend?
It's hot n TX but im kool azz a fan man hold up
It was great to cook for you and Madison. Thank you so much for all the nice comments.
The joy Luck Club.......gets me everytime : (
Wife and I sharing an Ichor Quad big bottle.
Ryan is a sicko
Tomorrow me and my mom are wearing all red and im wearing my , Mahone wardrobe for his birthday
Side note: lol @ Orioles fans chanting "check the standings." I mean, I know they'be been irrelevant since 1997, but its May friggin 14
client that switched to us from another provider just told me its like night and day, heaven and hell in comparison. loves us. love that!
Pundits predicting Kucinich will lose to Kaptur today. Either way, it'll be interesting to see who remains in Congress.
I'm really just waiting for that person that when I say, "I'm okay, just tired." They hold me tight and say "I know you aren't and I'm here"
I'd like $1 million of that thank you
Broken fucking hearted
Disney or dream works ?
when are you going to have direct flights to the Gold Coast?
today's reference question was about hot air ballooning
Live like each day is your last! Love like you have never been hurt before! Sing like no one is listening! Dance like no one is watching!
sorry that is just awful to hear #signdayisworse 😡
LGBT Family Group Praises Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand - Broadway World
music makes the world evolve... only if you listen.
Super pumped to have sushi for dinner!!!!!! And no work tonight!!!!
Don't miss out today's showdown of WWE: SmackDown at Thomas & Mack Center, Las Vegas in a few hours. Call us now for tickets: 888-493-0004
Yup... Got an iphone!
Happy Monday ! I hope you have an awesome week - must chat soon!
please for my girls
I don't blame Joe Person necessarily, but there's a real lack of dedication. After Gantt left they clearly didn't care.
I'm gonna fly over and slap you!!!
i was thinking that i wasn't hungry for lunch, then i realized i have indian food leftovers. in which case: all of it now, please.
We agree!
Every time I hear a drake song on my iPod a shed a tear
you talkin to them ?
Hey ladies, sorry for my late response. I've been on a hiatus :) What is left of a story after Scream 1,2,3 tho? haha
My diverse college education has given me an incredible skill set for 2012; however, employers want specialized training.
Roses are red, I have a phone. Nobody texts me.. forever alone.
school is so boring i want to get out of here
Oh crap... I see what you mean... I clicked on it out of curiosity and typed in my username and PW... Let me see if I can cancel!
Leo will be playing guitar with our good friend Kristin Leigh tonight at Opening Bell in Dallas! Starts @ 7! Bring yo friends!
but its such a monumental day! I just had to tweet about it! Ha
shut up okay! Don't tell me what to do! 😏 I'll become a body Builder and be all buff and you will just be a stick!!
Over with the boy. Meh.
#FF Follow my new Coaching & Consulting Company!!
In Phoenix the last few days we've been seeing waxing crescent as a U instead of a backwards C. Is that normal in winter?
Visited #cabotcoop in #Vermont! Can't wait to get started on K-9 wellness project with the help of my fave #cheese peeps!!
thanks, Jan!
The only time it's acceptable to be awake this early is for setting up a #bbq smoker. Bo
$/O For The Texans Video
That's beautiful!
:D I got the fold up Wayfarers but I saw these matte Tortious shells and made MD my excuse lol
i miss the hubbie right nw
This life I'm livin I don't ever want it to end
Sad to say I didn't make it, a coworker did for her birthday
It's 11.11.11 and 11:11 o'clock in California. I'm making a wish.
We made our way up to the attic. The water was rising too quick. I was able to close the door down. And I held the door down with a stick.
This is TeErica hacking your twitter. . I love you Jordan(:
All I hear is f bombs & little girls screaming.
And now we're stealing the car,And we will drive to the stars, I will give you the moon, It's the least I can do (:
Start the conversation so I know it's real.
This decision will be talked about FOREVER from here on in the world of Baseball
Elisha Justice to Pikeville. Had a strong feeling this was happening for a while. Definitely needs to be closer to family now.
4/14/1776->Commodore Hopkins:I should be glad if you keep a good look out to see the Coast is clear before the Continental Troops embark
Yay nichole is staying, she will see how wonderful I live when they are gone,,,surviving only with almond milk and some fruit yummy
I grew up drinking #Shezan mango juice. If I could I'd definitely import it :-) And f*ck all bigots and mullahs in
Happy birthday! Hope it's a great start to a wonderful year! cc
I'm not afraid of nothing
Beavis/Butthead made a bobble head doll of himself. Seriously, dude?!
Made the best bowl of Guacamame EVER 🍀. Lit the fire, time to watch The Descendants.
Each day i wonder whats going to happen to me?
u first
Having a day in which all of my suggestions are being ignored
Yay Americans! People are finally getting over themselves..
Who's up? I'm about to test some equipment on a livestream, if anyone's bored, I'll put the link up in a minute. K? K.
officially named today. Congratulations to all involved.
you guys need to get ur butts to arizona! Lol
MTV Pool Party at #UTA - Mavs Place apt. Visit our fb fan page for full details and FREE VIP wristbands.
The receivers are holding onto the ball. A good sign even if its a spring game.
Reading papers in preparation for the Modernism and Neuroscience seminar at #msa13. Looking forward to the conversation.
Could you believe that my homework assignment for tonight from the director is to watch a movie... I love what I do=)
Please follow !! [:
OMG! Dollars for Junk Cars is the best. I schedule a pick up with the company, a representative came out to my house, evaluted my car...
Had a blast hanging out!
Can I please go back to sleep. 😔💤👍
such fun pics! hope to finally meet you lovely ladies in person soon!
shouldn't have wrecked your old one
dr monica quartermaine
Bring back the El Camino please!
At the Dentist -_-
I don't even wanna say anything bad about Nicolette because i'll get hate...
good point
yeap..u like it?
OMG DONT FORGET!!!!!
I miss you. Simply as that.
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
Wow. REALLY underwhelmed by the line-up this year. Good thing I didn't invest in a 3 day pass.
I'm a slow reader, plus everything is better over sunday brunch ;)
Nothing like climbing over the snow banks and falling into the street to start my morning!
Spit on a banker for me.
just hangin hey can we hang out tomorrow for the bruins game?
Test-based "reform" is rooted in perception of horribly unqualified teachers infesting r schools. So far frm truth, perversion of reality
Yes. Seamless and awesome!
People just seem to be so creative nowadays with their insults.
Anyone know if Benkovitz is open Christmas Eve? No hours on their website, and no luck with either phone #. Help!
The FHS Powercats and Alliance teammates, the NDHS Honey Badgers, win in Round One of the Finals, 77-30, to take a 1-0 lead in the match.
It was incredible! It took me a minute to even realize it was the wind.
damn... i have some tooxD
from my cell
yes indeed. I'd prob like the guy more if he said he thought leonardo was sexy. O.o hahhaha
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal. T. S. Eliot
YOU ASS GOT THAT FROM ME
Already at Holiday destination-Hope everyone else has save travels and a very Merry Christmas
The sandwich that I just made>>>>
When you hit Richmond make sure you seek out Mamma Zu's for the best Italian food ever.
Pinterest is coo
So excited for on the show this Thurs. Tune in to On Health & Healing to hear a great discussion about Quantum Leap Thinking.
is mad handsome!! Goodnight (:
Danced so hard in class that I cut my face with my nails
Bet there are plenty of Cavaliers (of both the UVa and Chevy kind) in Nebraska
#npr #foxnews #CNN what has happened to unbiased news reporting? New idea real unbiased reporting, could ppl even handle that
I've been tweeting too much negative crap lately. Let's have some fucking fun this weekend! in StPoint tonight, MPLS tomorrow!
I think he needs snacks, too :< RT : ron paul do you need a hug
yay! Now I can watch too!
brees definitely looks good, favre on the other hand probably should have retired......
ah. All amazing! :) so beautiful
Good morning Twitter! Off to Cambridge for some estimates today. Enjoy the weather :-)
Been trying to gain youtube subscribers before I upload new clips
Fucking Rockies... what has happen to the D???
I'll check with the boss
That's gross! RT : Q3. Most unforgettable food you’ve ever had? Sardine liquor...was revolting
Death gotta be easy, cause life is hard.
yeah there is no need for 18. Extra games overseas games? I really don't care for any of that.
Hey Alex!
I just got the coolest $1 coin! Abe!
had fun unpacking new bee keeping supplies at Ford Rouge today. Don't think I should run the honey extractor in my office though...
need a contact number to book you and lady asap
Thanks John!!
just do it ;)
good find! although even then, media seemed to miss like 95% of the story...always the "heart of darkness" stereotype.
You treated her like crap. Now your on to the next one. What a player you are. What a baby. Cowboy.
You have the freedom to choose between a variety of graphic headers, of which you can choose at your discretion.
#NF - recommend from is good for me
It's 5am and I'm watching Borat.....
watching 'the professor' play a solo on letterman. never disappoints...
Mass exodus from Manhattan to Yankee Stadium
And a good morning to you! Wishing you a wonderful Thusday :)
where do you play #racquetball at?
RT Send prayer request to ! God is Love.
Hope to finish polishing "Blood of Angels"this week. Sunny out, but I want to work. Still, I appreciate the sunshine.
I appreciate those who appreciate me but excuse my bad habits an mannerisms
What number? Does this have something to do with a videogame? I don't like those much. They promote violence and beards on men.
How sad.
What Austin looks for: 1. Personality 2. Humor 3. Smile Me too Austin, we're meant to be.
Just finished day 1 of marathon new faculty orientation...but they do cram a ton of information into a short amount of space.
please just click the follow button it will mean alot i love you(:<3
An ex is an ex for a reason!!!!!
bout to put in Field of Dreams. As much as I love A Walk To Remember I gotta go with Kevin Costner tonight
Lizzy Rapp Bauer, Jewish domestic servant in 1930's UK, on learning ropes of English cuisine (giant roasts, savory pies)....
I just want to eat all the food I'm seeing on Tumblr right now.
That awkward when you already said "moment" in your head before you even read it...
RT Thank you. Will look for to Shulman's photos on your website and watch Visual Acoustics when it comes.. Nov 6th
says what it does about wade phillips.
Make sure you all get out there and eat! Last week of restaurant week!
Hi ya fellow "geek"
Go Pack Go!!
State of Denial, State of Confusion, State of Delusion, etc.
why don't you just shove a bobble head of bertuzzi up your vag
Lol , I can't see it right now (:
Best of luck to the Social Media Mkt Mini-MBA class tonight. #RutgersCMD. It was a pleasure.
it's later! When will Get $.
Yo!.. i wanna be in it :p
I had a cheezit thrown at me earlier today. Middle school girls can be so cruel
so excited! I can't wait. I will enjoy every second. I have that nervous feeling right now.
FACEBOOK IS DOWN EVERYBODY PANIC
I repeat my last question--I've never heard of Creative Cloud! I feel so behind all the time!!
Waiting to board to go to Cali
Just saw a Raccoon outside. Didn't know they had those in Whitehaven.
whats your next period?
Anyone know of there's gonna be a second simpsons movie?
Saw Daek Shadows. Will see The Avengers Tuesday. Shadows was GREAT. Perfect fun and style I was looking for. I never watched TV series BTW.
why did I laugh at that for 20 minutes?
that's good... That just means u been gettin it
I got my #Anticipation2our tickets who got theirs ill be in oakland
In Brazil he will also be conducting a Military and Law Enforcement Seminar
I pray you were blessed last night during our kick-off celebration of the life, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ!
definitely! But for the avg person, even kids, if you stop people from looking at your data, photos, messages, it's good.
Love my ipad, any #slpeeps would, wish I could give one to all i know, enter the giveaways
DO IT BIG PIMPIN!!!
Don't tell me crap about my bestfriend and expect me not to tell her.
"Come on I'm Dean, and my hands are so clean. At this moment, I am stapling" -- literally just sang that to myself as I stapled things
these boys saving so many hoes they should be a hero
I have to say I REALLY missed up in this bitch. I'm glad he's back in action & ready to take over the world one step at a time
Happiness !! yeah yeah
you don't think that applied scientific knowledge goes into the selling of books? Hm.
Tell me when and what time :)
Ridiculous lines to see The Avengers. Ugh!
Yatchs yatchs yatchs going like a wild man with . I love reality dreaming.
that is my shit!!!
Global Household Appliances Industry
A long time ago I got my first PC. It was an Apple MacIntosh SE. I owe Steve Jobs a debt of gratitude for that little pc. I wish him well.
law and Order SVU** (LOVE IT)
Wow!! So pissed right now words can't even explain i swear!!!:/ i just wish he could understand. . .
How much like prostitutes do these politicians feel with their billionaire patrons always leaving money on the nightstand?
The early bird gets the ... (coffee?)
I love all da movies ur in u crack me up
Why so many cops put today?! It's not quota time yet.
I've actually got some energy this morning! YAY
YES! Plans are getting under way for a COLORADO BEER GARDEN at the fair this year! Local brews galore - and lower beer prices! WOOT!
"I don't give a flying fuck or a rolling rim job what you or anyone else thinks of me." -Sara Rue as Gypsy 83
RT SarahPalinUSA: “Commonsense Conservatives & lovers of America: ‘Don’t Retreat, Instead – RELOAD!’| Really, Sarah? Really? Crosshairs...
We think so too! Glad to hear that our coffee holds its own against the best of them.
Tonight at in the MIX : HipHop//REGGAETON//Top40 For VIP Reservations or Guest List "TEXT" 503.258.7335
Welcome to Twitter, UVA early Americanist !
where u watchin the game at hoe
Lockout over!
Let's get fit for daytona beach spring break baby follow me
Nice night!
Charge that shit to the game LMAO!
Follow :Back
I think I may be too sensitive. I've got more empathy than the Greenpeace Women's Choir.
whats going on twitter
It should say ZD <3 JV RT : I want a custom license plate but idk what I want it to say... decisions decisions.
Newt Gingrich is a joke!
Is it true? The king of pop is dead? Rip Michael.
that is too cold! Wow! Y'all try to stay warm! How does like the snow? Does he wear a lil jacket outside? ;)
I think I'd actually prefer the last one.
haha yo tonto? You started it. Well maybe not homeboy...more like facebook acquaintance XD
Today in 1878: The American Bar Association was founded in Saratoga Springs, NY, by lawyers from 21 different states.
Sounds like you've been there.
Stupid is my enemy stupid hoes is so whack hahaha lol gtta love it
We'll be inside the Brown Center for The Vigil tomorrow night due to weather. Jerk & curry plates from Kader's to keep you toasty.
It's snowing in Portland!
OMG u guys sold out MSG i just went on ticketmastr it told meRETRY
It's Political Tuesday on #bizasiaamerica: a Russian flip-flop at the top, a VP on the run and some twisting in Israel. 9pm EST, 9am Beijing
Headed to Kissimmee for the Yankees game! Should be a great day for baseball!
Homework & then sleepy time 💤 I'm still a baby I need my sleep 😌
The nocturnal #cat crazies are natural exercise time. Encourage it with danglers/feather wands to focus energy.
You could still spend 10minutes here every few days :p
TK website asks $79 "service charge" and travel sites don't. And the call center quoted a price $300 more. makes no sense!
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. ~ Joseph Campbell -- Share Awakening ()
Avon Golf 2012
wow! Haven't laughed this hard since H.S. is the one of the funniest man Alive!
I concur. will be our dance off representative, and because we voted she's now an elected official as well!
um, two day slumber party is what that sounds like.
is this a bridal party or bachelorette? idk what i'm doing hahaha
Bring your performance skills to the stage TONIGHT during Open Mic from 8pm onwards!
When you mention a just deployed bug to the developer, you don't really want to hear "Yeah, I noticed that."
u know what is still pretty easy 2 do when u have a twisted ankle? chewing on a bone. that's what.
will do
I've read Mitt Romney will have some shameful words for the people of NC. Something to do with only allowing one wife.
Shit gets real
If you're in the SF Bay Area, come see me sing some harmonies tonight with Sugar Candy Mountain at in the Mission District.
of course, now I'm all environment conscious, so I'm pushing for innovation in transportation.
back please? ;)
REALLY!?!? Wow, I'm pissed.
It sucks knowing I will never be as pretty as her for you /:
We're looking for Left Milk beer. Does anyone know where we can buy some? Glug glug Thx.
Ok just ate dinner at Little Buddha next to members of Pavement. But that's not as cool as running into KS peeps
My sister Amy will be playing a saxophone in the New Years Parade / London England this Sunday Go AMY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You tell Stephen A. Smith that I said he can laugh all he wants but the Spurs are the better team this year.
I try to be honest with you, and you start blowing up. I thought you trusted me...?
Agreed. Sometimes digging in the sand is just as productive as building a sandcastle.
Put on your dancing shoes....
Looks like I'm doing the ”stomach bug diet.” Just in time for 's wedding.
Gender-responsive = strengths based, trauma informed, culturally competent, & relational.
Bad at bat for Gomez,, cant be driving it to warning track with runner on second and one out
& Thnx for the shout out. Much appreciated & right back at ya.
Austin makes us smile. ♥
#WorkSmarterNotHarder RT : the early bird gets the worm
beautiful day in LA to.... #gym and #work?
I'm done eating
Love it! Which color? Wouldn't you know my dear sister got me the sparkly red ones for Mother's Day? *swoon*
Awesome! You'll bring incredible energy to the Start Small, Win Big challenge!
$500 seems a little excessive!
Sammi....hit below the belt!!! Everything is fair....
Just got word the 1d tickets have arrived. Is this real life?!
Can't change the truth ,But the truth can change u..
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Another Great day, Weather is perfect outside cloudy and cool with a little bit of drizzle. lots to do this week, good things are on the way
Day 1 on Raw Detox Diet! No meat, no dairy, all good.
Pretty sure some virus has wiped out more than half of our office
Some kids need to grow up and take responsibility for themselves. Mommy and daddy won't always be there to do everything for you.
The ferry wasn't bad, but with the cost of it and the hotel stay added to the flight, price was not far off from flight to Vic
Current interests:
who's Bad!?
Good morning to all of u friends god will give u favor peace joy prosperity..when u put him first in ur life who woulnd!!!
I will always put my friends before any guy. Ever.
Did you get some rest and relaxation this weekend?
Passports are tricky little guys.
I was following her but she didn't follow back and she didn't help me gain lol
I've been wanting to ck out renegard art fair in SF ... not worth it? Too weird? Not weird enough? ;)
prices start 30-60 on cuts with design
Fight in the shade
QoTD: "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." (Winston Churchill)
WHAT DO U MEAN OBVIOUSLY?
my nerves are so high my hand is shaking when I try to draw.
| Call me directly at 218-8256 in between pizza's! :-)
Boy , You're fucked up ~
if it were twenty years ago, i'd be in serious trouble.
or just getting to the point...
What sounds good for lunch? A Turkey on White or Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki on Wheat from SUBWAY.
Try the Garden Panini : hummus, spinach, cucumber, artichoke, grilled eggplant & roasted red pepper on a ciabatta roll!
Nite twitter world :)
I'm LA all day my dude!! Just left LA Live
turns out if u click your heels twice your actually end up in my house cleaning, making me breakfast and then buying me lots of presents.
He chiseled it out of West Virginia coal, and had it turned into a diamond.
that's insane!
Last day to follow us for chance to win $50 gas card! Winner named 11/1. Double your chances to win & "LIke" us on Facebook.
No show tonight!!! $4 sabbaths (black butte porter and spire cider)! Party.
RT : i'll move into a/glass house just to throw rocks,i/embrace the danger/
follow back? ;D
Finished dancing my ass off in my room with my music on! Gettin my moves ready for band banquet! ^_^
RT Diet Mountain Dew you are made for me.
you are
see you there! I am at orientation as I type!
If we want to make wise decisions, we will look beneath the surface and ask some key questions.
Cain affirms that the harassment charges are baseless. He’s never even paid for sex. Partly because of his “30 minutes or its free policy”
It's April which means it's fair game for online bathing suit shopping #fridayinmyhometown #orchidboutique is my first stop.
tyler just called crystal lesbian. lmao..
thanks for the idea! what were the results?
TGIF! And a special 'thank you' to for helping with our upcoming contest!
Come on zipper follow me even though pesca doesn't RT : My friend follows one person, me. "twitter is useless & boring"
Thanks, Ryan! That's our #1 too! On a different note, this tweet reminds us that we still owe you an email!
I know all my Love bugs and Teddy bears are following :)
": To most #Capricorn's love & sex go together & are meant to last a lifetime."
same here. Always felt safe with my parents.
RT : Being a frequent flyer means there is a load of carbon consumption I could never pay back...
Damn, I got all excited and thought the real Fat Boys showed up to beat box around the office.
I'm. Laughing. Out. Loud. And really want a root beer float now ....
I don't even know who that is.... hahaha
#GoodLuckEleanor I wish you the best in your exam
Word homie.....I'm going to slide through for sure.....
lol shid how can I forget
UGH, I finally decided on how I wanna get my haircut and mom goes on about how I'm gonna hate it...
come on cnet u gotta do better. I just read the article regarding texting while walking. A bit different than on ur site
long time-ish no tweet. that's a lie. haha okay so just fell in love with #onedirection all over again!
wow we have time travelers. Hugo on sell on ebay. Crazy.
hi Rob! I do try ;) what are your wants/needs? You might check out Apollo for integrated project & contact management, it's nice!
Chuck Wicks will be at the 99.9 Gator Country FREE Spring Concert Series at the Jacksonville Landing March 11th.
yeah . fine too babe (: uhh I'm going w my guy . How bout you darl ? <3
If i ever cme back to tx i wil go to SA n stand in front of ur hze n smile all the tme cuz thts were we grew up together have a safe trip(:
Anyone else think that YouTube is saving the Music Video?
Enjoying a nice, fruity Ethiopian Yirgacheffe Cafe - nice work on this one !
RT : You don't want to know how much traffic we are getting on Storify right now. This is insane. Fantastic job to keep servers up.
team Razor! Cause who doesn't like a little danger? ;)
Thank you! It was yesterday.
can you translate mesmo so video in english for me..i love the song but i dont understand the lyrics...:)
lol it was well worth the good time! Can't wait to see you guys again in January
Blessed are those who give without remembering. And blessed are those who take without forgetting. ~Bernard Meltzer
John, Thanks for the follow. We enjoy the Magazine and reference articles consistently. Looking forward to Sharing!
lauren I honestly want to cry.... I'm not positive, but I'm like 75% sure </3
This place depresses me
I think I'm going to get a haircut tomorrow.
sounds like a good time. Well do a premiere when you get back to LA
That McDonalds commercial was sad :/
Yeah, the name of his business is rather misleading. I'd rather spend my $$
I just sent peOple dm see if it's u
At venetian las vegas... Weather is perfect.. Partied at the paris the night b4. I kissed a girl, and I liked it
RT : "An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind." - M. Gandhi
YOU chocolate.
How to ruin your own day: 1) Find a funny tweeter like or 2)Pick a funny tweet of theirs. 3)Read all the replies. 4)Cry
Cycling is cool, and basketball is uncool.
everybody started yelling when they tried to back that ass up
Wow. How did that ump call him out on that pitch?!
The Silk Tie likes Jason!
Omg good, you finally finished! lolol. I'll talk to you tomorrow, bye. love you.
RT : You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. -James D. Miles
hard to believe since I see no R bumper stickers and few GOP grassroots gearing for the election. Hit me up a Facebook friend req
We love following book people on Twitter :)
. It was great to see Dwight Ink at #aspa2012!
its the sun.. wear sun glasses.
Um soo he did not text me today blah ugh :(
oh my gosh! Me and you watch friends whenever it's in tv!!! (: and I love 80s movies and music! I love dogs too! I have 2 dogs!
Wow, I've seen more bigotry in the last few hours than I've seen in months.
Got my coffee fix!!!
Tonight we've got Justin Roeser spinning some crazy good vinyl starting @ 8PM. Come let loose and dance with us!
This is not how i want to spend my friday night snowin & me walkin outside with my slippers wet from steppin in the water, dealin with drama
I gotta have some money to do my pageants withh 👑
Wow! My eldest will spend summer/fall working on wineries in France & my youngest will intern in Baltimore & study in Amman fall semester.
I need some throwing shoes, but dick's doesn't have any reasonably priced ones /:
MT : Tonight 6p CAS522 - "What to Wear" w/ Susan Callender! Learn how to land your DREAM
I'm sorry to tell you that this clearly means that your heart is full of darkness and pain. --Your Horoscope
When you give up on your dreams, you give up on yourself
We spend too much time wondering why we're not good enough but not enough time listening to the reasons why we are.
I hate when all morning you wake up like once an hour and feel like you can stay up and then once you have be awake your so tired!
HE'S MAH MAN
Retreat , If Your Hawwwwtt & You Know it :)
to say the very least! Health is one's most valuable asset after all....
ohh shit u mexican im not but i ate enchiladas like a boss c;
& some folks deserve to take a bow. I rather concentrate on those!! Encourage Greatness!!!
I shall always defer to you two on matters of strength.
Showing vulva #art to a stranger met at bar has similar effects to actually showing your vulva to someone met at a bar. Interesting.
I'm a family man... Don't ever cross that line where my family stand.
Whether you plan to bottlefeed w/ breast milk or formula,it helps to properly equip yourself w/ a supply of bottles & nipples ahead of time!
Gearing up for some great shows this weekend!! Let's go have some fun!!
that sucks!
Glad to hear you were able to keep the funding. Thanks for doing so much to benefit youth and the community!
Glad its blessed u. RT God is using ur book in a HUGE way in my life & student ministry! We need more Joshuas!
Today's Get Energized tip: Use ceiling fans as an alternative to air conditioning.
Best of luck! One of the students here is working on a social media agency. If you need any help, let us know!
Ur welcome! ": thanks a ton for the card for cooper that was really nice. Catch you at the track!"
bro, your twitter avi is busted.... #whathappened?
Bo! Bummer dude about the comics! Keep your chin up!!
It's too bad that there's not more of a collaborative culture in medicine. Family Medicine has a lot to offer to trauma.
Hello, Cher. I got you babe.
I have some stuff Friday. Let's not call it off yet though. Email me your sched fri/mon/tue and lets find something that works.
. is this getting picked up nationally at all? This a shame.
Haven't had such a good nap in years!
So glad fellow radio bud is a tweeter like & me. Need to get Kelly Craig off her trophy buns
I just love it when I click on something and it brings up something totally different.
What's your favorite restaurant and why?
P.Y.T pretty young thing <3
"Business as usual doesn't work anymore." Totally true.
Convinced that the basketball shorts I'm wearing right now could out-manage Fredi Gonzalez.
you're welcome. Did you CD make it yet?
Ladies find you ONE SOLDIER don't be a G.I HOE
Transcendent Man is worthwhile regardless of claims of being overly optimistic
Hahah heck ya!
what is the process to try to win the Buckeye tiks???
I like the new video. Very pretty!
Ever notice how Merrill hodges tie knot is ridiculously big?
Netflix rocks, sign up, it's free first month! U will love terriers Tv show, and Lillyhammer with SVZ
Muwahahaha, the transformation is complete! cc
Oh hahaha. I've seen a picture of them together a few times, but that's about it.
URBAN DICTIONARY: You wasn't with me Shooting In The Gym U did NOTHING 2 help me get 2 where I'm @ now so putur hands back into your pockets
song ideas anyone? (: tweet em if you got any requests!
Can't wait for my 4 hour marketing class in 40 minutes!! Not...
Tonight is hitting the stage at at from 730-1130 pm, this is one show you won't wanna miss so come on out!!
that's actually a great idea.
Off to Uproar Festival!
awesome. You are so good!
This chick said my ass was too big pahahaha!!! Girl f*ck you, yo flat ass and yo sagging ass titties... smh
grow up
ready for round 2, and ?
we will have to try and get a show up in your neck of the woods soon!!
its about that time for a lyrical homocide! Time ta brainstorm and zone out on this shit. Ya know how I do!
Its almost here! 24 hours until !
I Hate
I want another one of those Oreo sundaes it's hot AF too!!
lol! RT Every time I see that Samuel Jackson iPhone ad I want him to ask Siri if Marcellus Wallace looks like a bitch
Fanny on Alexander
Uh in Mississippi right now.....shit got real lbs
Wow I'm tired oh well fuck it >.<
I have no idea?
Just talked to a gregariously hilarious listener 'STREAMING YOU IN STUTTGART, GERMANY!!!" He was awesome & is coming to visit.
Sorry followers, looks like I was hacked. Please ignore any product endorsements. In fact, boycott those products!
Thank you for the fabulous follow - amazing , Fashion brands meets the best!
50 cent is life.
Monday = almost done ready for lunch nap and then hw I guess
Suggestion for NCAA: Have men's and women's final four always max 5 hours drive from each other. How great would that be?!
Agent meeting next week! Friends are the best referrals. Thanks friends! xoxo
RT : Happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman
um I think so yeah but only in front of friends that I'm close to!
Hoping you win #nextironchef! *fingers crossed*
There's the boy whose mother keeps our savior cooped up in that tiny little bottle.
nobody says galore......any more.
So today I had a hard time explaining the difference between a Chinese factory and a concentration camp. I'm obviously a good algebra tutor.
Justin,He Won't follow me and he just ignores my tweets :(
I like that you had students vote on ideas for how to improve the library! And I'm glad my idea is under consideration!
WE'RE FUCKING LOST!. Google maps to the rescue >:)
Just keep consistent and see what works. If your groups grows slowly, that's ok! Have fun with it.
So glad for this. Sometimes I think we are on reverse!
come on Bruno can I get a simple shout out? Please!
Is it inappropriate to use the term "ghettoized" to describe something that has been (wrongly) put in a limited place / role?
You can't hide passion for the game and he just exudes that! I love it! Wish D. Rose was playing but I'm a Doug Collins fan
Thanks for the memories Prince!
In the battle of Monika's dress Vs The Wind, I have to say I think the wind is winning. You're welcome 3rd street.
yess!!! Are you done with school??
you have some interesting tweets. It looks like we have some common interests and passions!
Dear Facebook u suck jk loves you but jeez stop changing :D
M gurl, you know it. ;D
Hahah that's great when the catcher moves his glove outside to get the pitch and its still called a strike....
Got a tattoo \m/
Darth Vadar was at the door??
what a slide into first! very close!
Feeling like I'm back in the Pacific Northwest with the cloudy-rainy weather
yeah yeah invented MVC and ActiveRecord :)
Wow! I'll Have Another wins #TheKentuckyDerby! What a great race!
happiness at work is key, and so often overlooked!
Clarion call for building an innovation economy in Md. from of
Shit got real in his background lol
And yet im practically just a stick :( lmao
why is it so hard to get you to follow me?
Stephen A vs Skip... Always fun.
It's 10:23pm. I have a puppy, a new shirt and a hangover.
Wow. The best play on the court, Royce White, needs a rest. That doesn't sound like the best player. He should need rest.
I need a beer skeeee!
Beautiful. Send me your email address, and I'll do the rest!
No way! That's my old playground
nobody likes you.
RT : Nick Denton: "Anonymity is at the heart of the internet and discovery of truth through the internet."
13 year olds blowing boys instead of bubbles
Listening to really loud music so i don't have time to overthink.
I thought that was a pretty decent analogy but maybe that's because I've been in too many knife fights...
ha ha, stylish!
You wanna know why iJevers hating on Austin? Cuz your giving him attention. Maybe if you'd ignore him he'd shut up... HATERS GONNA HATE.<3
OUR PRAYERS R W/ & HIS FAM 4 THEIR LOSS GOD BLESS U ALL
no trust me there's nothing to be jealous about.. I'd rather be hot than cold ngl
Excuse me I'm Sorri I rele such a lady
What? Shame on you Rutgers. Maybe pay a kid's tuition? RT RT : Snooki got paid 32k to give a speech at Rutgers.
Blushes...n jizzes n his pants at work...opps! RT : ooooweee SLURPS! :)~*
So will Cory Booker award himself a key to the city for saving his neighbor from a fire? What do you give a hero mayor? Maybe Rudy knows?
there are worse ways to go!
": And I fell on my ass lmfao"drink more beer it wont matter what you bowl
where u at
Apparently being wide awake right now means a revelation about my life.
"Love does not care to define and is never in a hurry to do so." ~Charles Du Bos
I definitely will when tommorrow when I can follow more people, twitter is being stupid lol
I have been annoying my family all day...I keep making up bunny jokes ...They are hoppy this day is over!
I don't know why Whedon fans get so huffy about the infallibility of the man's work. It's cray cray.
Doc = DR (my initials); Jazz = a style of music I aspire to play well; 4 = a very cool number :D
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
The parade is downtown tomorrow morning at 9:30am... Check out www.milwaukeeparade for the route, and we hope to see you there!
past 5 mins was the scariest of my life
"It's easy to identify people who can't count to ten. They're in front of you in the supermarket express lane."
It's always me against the world.
OMG yes I can set up a Bristol tour for you we can both go on if you want! And I'll work from there for the day. Let's do it!
I really wunna go to the mall but my madre won't take me :(
NEW YORK<3 LAST TIME YOU CAME HERE I DIDNT GET A CHANCE TO GO :( PLEASE COME BACK TO NY<3
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
nice! I'm interviewing Pablo & Mauricio, the dude in your pic ;). Excited! ?s for them? :) :)
My 1000th tweet goes out to my prom date, , Counting down the days til the 19th (and then June 1st ;) haha!) 💜
Happy #AdminProfessionalsDay to all our multi-talented, hard-working #admins!
where we at ?!
General Douglas MacArthur Men are governed only by serving them; the rule is without exception
Makes sense. I misread your tweet. Carry on.
#IMATS was a blast...now time for some Shows! ;-)
If my sissy takes me I will
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Very cool! Scoring algorithms everywhere we turn....
I'll take stats and competition over an argument of MVPs, All-Star games and games played (when both over 1200).
Bout txt ray goodnight, nd call it a night #goodnight y'all: )
Birthday party, cheesecake, jelly bean, BOOM!!! (And I feel fine...)
The beach house I'm staying in has an elevator in it.
Romney's black man prompt is back. Maybe he had to go relieve himself. He looks like Lawrence Fishburne in the Matrix when Neo was dying.
I hate how I think so much
anyone who is exhausted and still bustin ass...boo-ya!
Does Wisconsin know that they don't have to shoot only three pointers?
I don't think I've ever seen anyone pluck a violin like is right now!!!
maybe, better ads will mean there will be fewer of them? I'm stretching, I don't think this really helps the world in any way
Finished reading 'The Hunger Games' last night. Man! I could not put that book down! Cannot wait to start the next one!
The SquE-Z- Coolest invention for your drink since ice! (pun intended)
Nothin' like a real NY "everything" bagel, and it best have salt! Gahhhh...
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "...and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
ah I can't log out of twitter :o
what's going on man. Are you guys still looking for records for VALI?
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart Rocky Raccoon...I could be here all day
all late! LOL but congrats u at 829 followers now :) I have to catch up lol right!
Where are you kids going to be? I'm starving.
lmao nope I don't wanna spend my summer doing work. So it's gonna just be her there
"...conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great Civil War..."
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I'm Calm and Laid back most of the time so DON'T think I don't like you OK???
Week 15: Sun. Dec. 16 @ HOME vs. Denver Broncos (1pm)
One day, I will have thousands and millions of followers. #Inspired #Motivated ..
On Air! Go to georgetownradio.com and click "Listen Live"
very cool ...some time soon I'm gonna do the same .. I want to take it to the next level ..
After a round one series win? RT : LA about to riot.
So Damn sleepy, it dont make no sense but Fuck it ima drank 2 I sleep
secrets secrets are no fun unless their shared with everyone lol ;) <3
If I can just forget about the roasted garlic, mustard, blood, and islay scotch and just focus on the comfort level these jeans have......
Living room chants! RT : I am, I am jerseyed, scarfed, and hatted up probably driving my neighbors nuts
Tommarow is friday! That maens it's the weekend! But dang, I wish this rain would GO away.
Nice day out = a lot of my students calling in "sick." Oldest one in the books, kids.
wel no 1 wanted to talk well imma take a shower
please, please do tell.
I just googled my name lol
thanks for follow me :D
When I see the Zooey Deschanel apple commercial I wish I could be professionally cute too.
man I got to say it you killed it tonight and have been growing.. can deff see it bro.. keep up the hard and good work!
RT : Weigh ins about to start. How many of you #UFC fans is this your first time?
If you don't mind me asking, who's your fave of the four?
If you call yourself ugly I assume you're fishing for compliments.
around 6 skylar dayne and the command sisters are playing and me of course:)
Does anyone know of universities w/ supplementary programs for PhDs that emphasize digital skills, interdisciplinarity, or media projects?
RT Everyone calls karma a bitch, but she always fucking with everyone, sounds like a hoe to me.
And people say the #bigten is hard to watch?
no problem.I can't help, bacause I don't have amazon kindle, so i tried to help the way I can :)
if you listen to my songs tell me what ya think good or bad i would like to hear what you say
A church should be g by what it does outside it's walls, not inside.
Must be a strong support system for faculty and students.
Thanks. Good luck on your 10x app!
Watch the film if you get a chance. He really did a wonderful job.
F#ck the Sun God!!.. Could we get a little rain? the grass is dying and it hurts to walk on bare foot.
hey , you ! yes you ! , that ATTENTION SEEKER ! , _l_
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
True! Hehehe. Also, dogs without leashes. And loads of quietude & space--both imperative for poetry editing.:-)
I am excited and I am getting ready too. Can't wait to see everyone!
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN? 7
you espresso such confidence, but is it grounded in reality?
midnight party, coo
Hey Jan thanks for following
- Oh China. Promise to re-build stolen drone secrets cheaper and re-sell to the US for a 1/3rd of the cost.
M-Mindless. I-Interesting N-Noticeable D- Decent L- Loving E-Enthusiastic S-Successful S-Sweet!! All adds up to MINDLESS
I loved on #agt, but the next two seasons' knockoffs just seem like copies to me.
needs to get online! There is nobody to talk to.
ooh la la
tv time
Resilient Soul's Health and Hair Expo was excellent!!!
People aren't going to bring me down .
I see that I'm going to have to truck myself to a quiet library to get this editing done. sheesh, how much procrastinating *can* I do?
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
I'm a swaddling machine! I think I'm going to swaddle next!
If I Die Tomorrow, tell Austin Mahone I love him.
AKA Redneck Mimosa // “: Wine mixed with Gatorade is my recovery formula for life.”
Are you really at Nickel Nickel?
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever! #PutYourHearsUpDecember20th :D ♥
well, the are destroying the red sox. cabrera and fielder putting in work!
Check out music from A.Lee Legendary on Reverbnation!
It started as "Wolf", then put "Crazy" and ended "Rabid." Someone please have with a veterinarian.
Goal FIU in the fourth minute: Di Croce lifts a ball over the keeper, brilliant cross from Uribe.
#busterolney can't get ONE player to go on the record to bash Braun? Not one? I think the quotes are fake
Live Remote Broadcast from the El Rio in the Mission District starting in 10 minutes
Enjoying my day off, and the fact that i actually don't have to go anywhere today for a change. Tired too, so maybe i'll catch a nap later.
RT : Come to tonight!!!!! Its going down. Experience church the right way.
I'm selling my Nikon D90 (body only but I could drop a lens if the offers is good). It's in great conditions.
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them. U will never be forgotten
hey so i love u and i live in NYC... is there any way i cld meet u? plz . ur my idol!
Going in a circle should never be considered as moving forward
I give the \M/ horns to for being a bro :D
What's up with Hulu turning DOWN the volume on ads this week? I'm not complaining. It's a bold strategy, Let's see how it pays off for them.
“: There are about 50 #Kentucky fans at Houligan's in Daytona Beach, FL. Pretty good little turnout. #BBN #WeAreUK”
Lmao. No wrong but good one.
Thanks to for the mention. Love to hear what you think about the show!
New music coming soon !!!!!!!! In the mean time check out my joints !!!!!!!!
so what up?
Several minutes were just shaved off this show by giving the award to Woody Allen. Thank you jeebus.
you sexy ;)
Any hunch on who's the favorite? Adrian did a heckuva job getting Edgewood to the tourney.
where are you
A study showed 66% of people r afraid of either losing or being separated from their phones....sad kinda. I luv my phone being quiet
love this place..
Sometimes it's just weather messing with your car. Techs usually won't do anything unless it's on, though, in my experience
Thanks for following and and
If I could go to LA right now I'd want to go to Skylight Books in Los Feliz.
Was a good chill night tonight with , , , , , Traci, and Amanda.
How long the map feature on shown traffic in current time when searching for directions? I love it!
Safe travels to all those headed to #alamw12. See you in Anaheim.
i'm going to paint a masterpiece at the new space in #dupont tonight - can't wait
they lose by one. we lose by one. this is going to be a good series.
dang, and I'm keepin you up. Well goodnight and sweet dreams.
You #ASSume. Im actually a rational centrist with Libertarian leanings. The world is more than left and right you dolt.
“ The show is going great #kokodennisshow”
A bump, often. Persistence, always. Success, soon! Good luck!
“: Get that lightskin joint Ivy RT : Alright I need a girl for this video shoot, any suggestions....” yea she bad!
what's your reasoning for rooting for the Giants? I'm kinda undecided still, just curious...
ERica Newland, #CDT, 1st speaker at privacy panel--new challenges: drones, monitoring TV shows you watch from stray E-M radiations
Interesting that Nicki Minaj is playing the Paramount & not Bumbershoot. She'd fit the fest's Katy Perry/Black Eyed Peas pop star hole
Luby strikes out for 2nd out, Bluff still has bases loaded in 6th, down 2-1.
ok so here's your hamburger its duble cheezburger lolol
#np what i be on
#WorstBreakUpExcuses It's not you, it's me
Honey nut Berlioz!!!
o..... Sorry wrong commentator then....
I'm redefining my coaching niche...I'm going to work with mothers and wives, especially those with an entrepreneurial spirit...
Ha! That's awesome.
i like (my world tour)
follow back ?
Wonderful decision! RT Registered for at Looking forward to some great presentations!
bahahaa i was in your lunch today but you werent there
rock If your golf game was as good as your twitter game you might break 120.
Make the most of your extra day tomorrow! Maybe you could treat your team to a Leap Day Lunch or Have a Leap Day Promotion. Enjoy!...
the winky face is actually weird, I feel really gay when I send it to people like im a pedophile or something
Who's your favourite youtuber of all time?
Doing homework with the Ray <3
did yall find land n Midland? My husband knows someone that can help! The guy is a preacher out there&knows the whole town :)
I needed a laugh tonight. Jim Hunter just said this game almost has a playoff atmosphere. HAHAHA.
1634 society learning and developing our trustees with a leadership session today
Keep your head up princess. If not, that crown will fall.
I hate my English class. The teacher acts like he doesn't know how to freaking teach 😣
Going to get a tan, 1st summer in years I've had a tan. As a good friend mentioned no more pasty white.
Hope the planet Earth enjoyed her day yesterday! Did you help save the Earth on April 22, 2012?
yeah, oh my gosh 1 more day
-________- When you cook me something amazing then I will do the same for you
okay sure :)
we gotta all catch up when I get back from Orlando ;)
Stanford took down Florida State 3-0 earlier this evening. Duke is now up 1-0 at the half in their match against Wake Forest
I will j rob
The Pauly D Project is the real life Entourage of 2012 finally the wait is almost over 3/29 cc:
My nanny died tonight so sad :-(
There you go, drunktweeting again.
“: Raise ur hand if you'll be at the #10Day Concert June 8th...” we got a fat sack for the GREEN room!!!
It's a fact. Since 1977, NEH challenge grants have leveraged $3.02 billion in non-federal matching funds for projects across the US.
it seems like mayor bloomberg made it illegal to be a new yorker who doesn't own either a yoga mat or a pair of lululemon pants
Going to meet up with a fired up potential new O4E Rep that wants to make a lot of money....Lets show him how
Wake n Bake
lovely little 'pep talk' w/ mother dear. #shitasianmomsay knows~
Obama is still my choice, despite all the disappointments.
I'm home now cutie <3 (;
Wow. Been a while sinve I tweeted. That was Feet Of Destiny, but it went bust.
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
"And they all lived happily whatever after."
ha ewwwwww ima put you in jail too
Its guys like u that make girls not trust men.
“: Seen the ghost again.” <--- drug side effects
Lol, no one wants to meet me(:
got cast in "THE POLITICS OF CONFLICT" filming in Feb 2011.
it's Sunday without I'm feeling suddenly bored. I suppose the real world beckons.
This trophy tour is BS. No love 4 NKY?//Too many college degrees in area to truly be part of
#bemilwaukee #gobucksgo RT : Great win! Back to The Mil another tomorrow!
If wishes come in rainbow colors, then I would send, the brightest one to say, Happy Holi
“: i would have gave up anything for you .. and now we dont even talk?.. how the f*ck did it get to that?”
Good morning friends. Up and ready for a beautiful day. God bless :)
Laughter rises out of tragedy, when you need it the most, and rewards you for your courage. -Erma Bombeck
Its the Playoffs...RT : Why is everybody about to fight?!? WTF!
Man I'm in the mood where I just wanna fuck shit up or fuck someone up. Man I need to smoke smh. Whos with me?
watching Mulan because of out little tweet session we had the other night .
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP & GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW >> ▒▬►▓▬► TOP MALE MODEL HE FOLLOWS BACK!!!
Laviolette is LIVID that Malkin did not get called for a trip about 30 second before Grossman got called for hooking.
Damn! Why so many?
Now if that dp doesn't take the wind out of the sails, I don't know what would.
Classmate: "You're gay & your Dad's a pastor?! How does that work?" Me: "Well, I fall in love w/a woman & my Dad tells me I'm going to Hell"
happy mothers day 
yeah, a guy was trying to get home and he used stationary and falsified info. They called to verify and he got axed
"I think that all that is false may more readily be reduced to notions clear and distinct, distinct from all other notions."
#GodSon on one lol
Our rehearsal space is getting shut down by the evil landlord. Occupy Sound Asylum! Oh wait, that was the sound of nobody giving a shit.
oh, I'll be fine & doing legs again by this weekend. Just a couple days of discomfort between now & then :-)
Thx for comic. Even so, I've got to give it the college try.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our US Reshapers! What are you doing to stay on track and be healthy this weekend?
you pat the dog. you screw in the lightbulb. and then you just go crazy:)
Anybody need GPS for their car?
yay awesome mail!
whyy does it seem like there's never enough time?!
No, you're unique!!
Happy Birthday !
Dinner tonight is fresh greens and vegetables from Dad's organic garden, and fresh home made garlic bread. Ah, this is the life.
We will go see it! :)
YUM!! MT : Marsala and Roasted Garlic Wild Boar Sausage with Bacon-Garlic Mayonnaise and Smoked Gouda Cheese
Lord forgive me this watch I bought, I know that shxt had co$t a lot.
I need that....
if you're in vegas tonite.. jazzyjeff playing at Rain inside the Palms.. Also Tarzan, Tribe Steppaz, & Chuck B @ Forte
Too tired to code, too excited to sleep. Thanks, #cocoaconf :)
he was certainly one nice specimen of the human race (:
you do dogg!
At the CES press event in nyc today, getting a peek at what gadgets we'll see at CES in january.
Keep ur heart open nd love will find a way in it <3
Have a great weekend everyone. Stay safe. Be cool to one another. Don't take any guff from those swine (Police)
I'm pushing in school tomorrow
yah I know I've been slacking /:
#SDCChiHack Best Open Source goes to GatherPeeps- so many great apps!
Things are looking up!
loveable rogues please go through :)
Tonight is going to be poppen
lol can you believe it! Lol miss you!
Nokia prepping ‘hybrid’ devices and tablets, admits it failed to adapt
STAND UP FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN EVEN IF YOU STAND ALONE -support your locs
"For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the...
The new Dexter was awesome. Lookin forward to seeing which direction they take it this season
It's the Beasties for breakfast.
Bruins have forced a game 7!!!! Come on guys make us keep on believing
Faith is like electricity. You can't see it, but you can see the light.
Sitting outside Poncho Villa with &&
im listening to the radio waiting for them to play it (:
I don't need anyone who doesn't need me.
I need a vacation.
PBO - Cut deficit by $4 T? GOP - NO! PBO - Jobs bill, fix infrastructure? GOP - NO! PBO - Give 45 million health coverage? GOP - NO!
"It's time to apply the same rules from top to bottom...responsibility from everybody." TALK TO ME, OBAMA!
Interesting fact about Ayn Rand.In her senior years she collected both Social Security and Medicare.
Ah, I'm going to bed. :b I'll text you like tomorrow or something!
At least you did not have a Suzy Kolber moment!
With #TheAvengers hitting theaters exactly one month from today, we thought we'd drop you a hint about our advance screening...
RT #Huguely has pleaded not guilty to all six charges, including first-degree murder, reports
Now that I got to see a good chunk of the Brewer game (though it started 90 min into my shift) I say good night to my peeps!
Montpellier is also off to win this year's Ligue 1 title! Very good team. Enjoy your time at home Laeticia. T.
Observed on MARC: man licking crossword section of newspaper.
That moment that lets u know u made the right choice>>>>>
#Surgery Tip: Find an experienced surgeon with whom you feel comfortable.
I'm good. Could be better if our team made it to XLVI! Then I might have to change my handle, and that could be a pain. And you?
Love you bro! Thanks for the #FF!
She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers .!
dude dont let anyone bring u down people r just stupid, u know ur the bigger person
Thanks and - will keep you posted. Hoping to avoid last minute curve balls.
*phew*… Still trying to piece together funds in the event you find me worthy - the source of most of my immediate stress.
I understand!! And I remember my kids dad not getting that either.
I'm back on my shit
I think when your first "fight" in a relationship is over whether or not you cheat on words with friends. You're doing really good...lol
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 9
This is our situation, and the current drop in oil prices is a result of the fact that our economy is again on the downside.
Huntsman: Cites optimism of American people, ability to assimilate everyone
its early but im bouta make some fried & baked chicken for my lunch
bitter beer face
Without my iphone, I haven't listened to music as much as I used to. Not happy about that.
Where do the Red Sox and Yankees farm systems rank for prospects in relation to the other MLB teams?
And we r raised w/ Him, Death is dead-love has won-Christ has conquered; we shall reign w/ Him, 4 He lives: Christ isrisen from the dead!
