Following my buddy Paola :D
other than the soreness - how was the rest of the run? are you training for something?
But back to this beautiful day
Really Orrin you joined the Tea Party caucus? That worried about a challenge?
She just got on the crazy train when she thought she was getting on the gravy train.
Thanks Vandervbilt is just 4 blocks away from the hotel. If time permits I want to see what the whole fuss is about
i'm starting to think the music aspect to this festival doesn't exist - where's the lineup?
I'm changing my name to Sushi
"toot it and boot it" sounds to me like he passed gas then left the crime scene. Just saying,.,,
Trading Places >>
Gripping your pillow tight! Lol, one of my favorite songs!!!!
I keep the necessary tools w/ me when I face closed doors & brick walls. A screwdriver & bulldozer. Take off the hinges & bust down walls.
Ok. Let's make a date...researching release date and locations.
Thx for the waves, good vibes, and RTs:
Hey! I need an update! Been thinking of you guys alot. Be safe! How are you and your princess getting aquainted? loveuz
The owl is the only bird to drop its upper eyelid to wink. All other birds raise their lower eyelids.
I'm blastin Stevie this morning! The windows are open and the coffee is hot!
Gotta be you <3
I hate when fat hoes try to act like they don't be hungry when they go out to eat in groups
LIve from this weekend on
The worse thing that can happen to a relationship is illness/injury/accident.
~ I miss you.
My Fazolis days are coming to an end.
amen amen
The joys and hurts for better or worse i still will choose you first.
I have got to share my testimony with someone! God is an awesome God!!
Spent morning going over travel journals from Sardinia. Just like LA now that we have a restaurant called Forage.
man Reynolds f'n sucks!
what is it?? I don't remember what I drew.
Is there a Skyrim Anonymous group I can join? I need help...
At school for couple hrs, lab later!!!
3 minutes till
i'm not sold on poll questions that involve feelings. ppl cld respond negatively for myriad of reasons, not nec. job-related
lol Cool ur from Canada. Im from the USA
"God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers."
Or a new car would do too :)
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. -Confucius
I'm 80% sure you won't see this or even reply but I hope you're smiling right now because you deserve happiness.
Let's stick with the summer flavors for sure!
Great townhall underway in Durham with
You shouldn't have been eliminated, this is crap!! </3
we got caught up in all the love..."Or, the Whale," our self-titled album, is out today in the UK!!! go pick it up at a store near you!
listening to god i love him!
Voter irregularities are already being reported in Jefferson County. Sigh.
S/O for being a stranger n not following back (:
I Can Watch Repeats Of This All Day Long.
Sometimes what I ask for is so little but SO big and meaningful at the same time. Meet me halfway
Even you know that title was a fraud So the 10-year anny of the Lakers beasting in Game 7 is just a few days away!
Yeah we're always getting new things. Every thing is very retro for guys and gals. So think large plastic Wayfarer or Aviator.
Football game preformance. You knew that.
im soo close to 100 views on my video and its only been up for a day :))) ah
When you see someone struggling today,offer a helping hand and discuss Wicked Carnival
Remember to "like" your favorite picture in the album "X For Pasadagavra"!
I seriously have to pee
i read it, but the only way i see it is because i follow you. if you put tags, it would show up to other people. tag porn.
The ones who should win the lottery aren't standing in a line for a ticket. They're making their dreams come true with what they have now.
Thanks for the snippets! Working like a charm.
Only 3 more nights in the dorms! a part of me will definitely miss my time here...
the one that hit yu with the ball?
hott doubles specials with me and my hott gf!! come get us for the time of your life
rack rack city bitch
Stay in school!
Show your teacher appreciation. Vote to pick next Gov of WI to keep public education moving forward, not backwards
i tend 2 delete shit when i dnt talk 2 the person like the cute stuff i said and pictures cause i wnt it 2 be like they nver entered my life
All these flat platapus foot having kids
Anyone that never loses, does not do much playing. Any one that never gives, never helps, does not know the sweet feeling of heaven..
Lakers are playing.
I do 2 but I agree with Rebecca that its not an issue until premise is validated. Deep discussion can't happen here.
What do you love most about dance? Follow?
imma have some tracks for you soon. Dm me ur email.
#CostumeDesign goes to...
My mind keeps telling me I'm wasting my time, but my heart keeps telling me to try.
Thx for the support
"Like" Rekapse on their Facebook fan page! www.facebook.com/rekapse - you might have heard their song "Daylight" on
hit me up
Scary Bitch 101 : "if a bitch don't wanna get it Poppin she should keep her mouth Shut" Lmfao
mention me :*
I would wish upon a star, but that star, it doesn't shine
Everything BCBG!! Amazing host too! RT How was the show? Which piece was your favorite?
When your aunt starts singing happy birthday to you in Spanish>>>>>>>>> :D
Experience consists of experiencing that which one does not wish to experience
definitely! RT I miss and !
Reggie miller fa shooo
RT : It's not happy people who are thankful. It's thankful people who are happy.
Celtics game > homework
It's so annoying! It just turns off :/ it's never done this before.
Sad day for my home state...nice to know I am from a state of bigots...smh
it's on as well, a lot of your artists make it on the home screen. You're rocking it!
Thank you Ruth Price@ The Movable Bakery 4 Supporting Vitro-Music of Randy Newman
Cash Mob lunch MrsGandMe 5/23 11:30-2:30 RT : just read about Cash Mobs in Inc magazine last week. What a great concept.
PPB Officer Scott Elliot with the Portland Police Bureau arrested for Online Sexual Corruption of a Child and Luring a Minor.
FINALE TO NIGHT HOLY SHIT IM PUMPED
About to throw down at lifetime. Scrawny ass kids chirping my flow cause I'm using a machine they want
Can you email me the details pls . Thanks!
thank you! It's been a great trip !
#SNL tonight has to better than last week. Eli Manning needs to stick to what he does best: not talking.
ditto ;D its gonna be #cray. but forreal..... we're all gonna be knocked out asap cause we'll be tired from Kennywood lmfao
And I'm done, cause if I continue I'll put myself into a coma! ;)
#FF for the love on 's weekly Howl
I agree! I would like to connect with more like-minded Denver folks.
People are as happy as they make up their minds to be. ~ Abraham Lincoln
well, i got one wrong. but i'm happy that "walk" won, it's a good tune.
1 Got it today for $10. 2 I'm with the 'rents. 3 I did, come on Sun before work & work 's merch table with me
At the KY REN FAIRE site, what a beautiful venue and day for the Field Party 3
Thank you!
Todd for the game winner on his bobble head night? I hope so!!!
I do not feel good!!
Heard in the Vegas airport, "Adrian Peterson, last call for flight to Minneapolis." Hope he made it.
I wonder whether you ever went back and did recaps of that show? I'd love to read them.
I spent Saturday eve at Barry Minkow's church.The former pastor/con man was "cast out" of the Community Bible Church.Story tonight 10News
Bein with my family, priceless!
THE TIME IS NOW...
I think I just had a baby. I did not know that was biologically possible...
RT : is the best show in town.
I will <3
42 Hour Zine Challenge starting soon!! Everyone's a winner!!
haha =) so now I'll just gotta stay here until I've gotten to see JB in concert ;) haha should've move during summer!! x
If you are in Real Estate add me on Google+ and Linkedin to network
welcome! I only speak the truth!
Still can't believe I got to shoot the game last night. That is going to be great on my resume
More mobile UI tips from Drilling down deeper means you need to drill back up just as much - think before especially if no bottom tab.
We are most vulnerable when we feel love. We are most powerful when we feel loved. We balance the two throughout our lives.
Curious about the watch Michael wears on Geek Crash Course? It's a . iPod watch from the initial Kickstarter batch!
": exactly if Cueto didn't get a vote last year with 150+ innings, Strasburg shouldn't get one"
Ariana is flawless and completely stunning all over! From her head to her toe! She's perfect and plain gorgeous💗
I'm not in the video :'(
Ryan Braun is a cheater! RT : What a game and what a finish today (despite the loss).
I know im more of an xbox guy ..ps3 once in a while
sitting in full team meeting: mad men attire and a table full of MacBook pros, seriously, we should be sponsored by Apple!
Okc won that I know of
Has any airport in the world ever sold even 1 yogurt parfait? Serious question.
If Creativity is only limited by our Imagination then why do we limit our Imagination? Get Creative!!!
Beastie Boys blaring at the Urbanspoon offices in honor of the death of Adam Yauch.
cause it's way cooler :b jaykay, i don't know.
gtfo you are no cat
......couldn't even put it on #Instagram it was so shameful
thanks! I appreciate it :)
that's the worst! hope it comes down soon!
LOL. Yea, I was keeping that a secret earlier. Went grocery shopping randomly last night and strolled through Harris Teeter.
RT : only way NFL can stop bounties? Severe sanctions. Take away home games. Fines, loss of draft picks wont work
Ready forward to a gr8 day in #chicago for #neara11 going to sight see & be tourists...we'll see what i bring home for my wife
adoption of Wave will occur in many settings other than hr generalists. it is a paradigm chaning tool. collaboration sw beware!
was bout to iron out my hair but i cant find the flat irons
HEY MAN! 2 MORE DAYS!
I'm not up there in music yet but by the way I had that bitch naked in front of me and my homie had that bitch cleaning my floors & the crib
The future of cheques remains in jeopardy with specific plans needed to restore faith in the payment option, according to Age UK.
I, Madison, loved the avengers. (:
Google Photo Tours Take You to 15,000 Destinations [VIDEO]
Autocorrect fail of the day: Do you want pizza for Christmas?
Who I am Hates Who I've Been
IDGAF No More Fuck Your Feelings. I'm Heartless
you smell like a fat baby who don't want no more.
it's a shame that these are the only candidates we can find. But when you are picking from Congress and lawyers....
U MAD BRO?
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
Now watching Footloose.
She thinks so. The real problem is ignoring her.
pumped to get on stage tonight @ Church with + Richard James. Loadn out now. Free show
Jus Another Kid Lookn Like A Star When He's Present!
special shout out lov the products #Durable &
What inspires you to live healthy? For me it's fresh air, sunshine, and my future grandbabies! :D Happy Friday!!!!!!!!!
My favorite aisles to go down in #grocerystores are the bread aisle and the laundry detergent aisle :) m
When's your paper?
I think your inability to get free garlic bread is due more to the "capitalism" craze than the "low carb" craze.
My cat is a tweak.
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please
Older co-workers telling me about they're appointment for a colonoscopy<<<<<< 😳
Parade time! Make sure to say hi to us!
hahaha well you should have gone and gotten his number! i would have asked him for you(;
He's the man tho...he'll be comin back some day.
WBC Ticket Hunt Update: OK... our Carnival Crazy is at It's up to you to get to HER first.
RT : Happy Thanksgiving all my American friends =0) <--thanks and likewise!
Snow Blows.
any movie with Will Ferrell in it...lmao!
Err, what about being 4 years older?
You got Julie's mouth just perfect at the end.
Once we reach 1000 followers on Twitter and Facebook both, we will launch a contest where YOU could win a prize worth $100. Stay tuned!
when i watch spongebob nothing else matters in that 30 mins lol :)
I didn't know Ben Folds was hanging out with you guys!
There's a difference between being fake and NOT LIKING YOU!!!!
Also check to make sure that he or his wife can make some decent eggs. We wouldn't want James Neal to go hungry.
only 2 more weeks then ill be 17 !!!
#orioles now 7-1 in games when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 0-3 when he does. Got a bad feeling we might be seeing him tomorrow
haha I did already. Was giving me a headache. I'm so tired, but for some reason I just can't fall asleep.
Thanks for the RT !
True. I can still dream that someday the Browns have a #1 WR and someone to throw it to him!
love you :)
But WHY are they still giving us so much homework? School's almost out & honestly, I just can't concentrate anymore.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
#gucampusplan takes the plate. Knock 'em dead Toddy
I hate sweating and this heat won't allow me to do otherwise -_-
Awp, I'm sorry the links were all Chinese! I am doing an IRB now, so had the IRBnet International reference from that.
Are your thoughts worthy of you? If not - NOW is the time to change them. -The Secret
At first glance, I thought the Robert had morphed into RT So which of the Bella Twins was the Marty Jannetty?
Is your business having trouble competing? Let us design an advertising package that will get you noticed.
#GamerPickupLines Pots aren't the only things I can smash well :P
Answering the same question 5 times? Create a resource where answer can be posted and point them there.
Is it going to be over 100 degrees there? I wonder what the rangers record is for games with a starting temp over 95...
no these arent now
It's wonderful! :)
@ h0Me, got my neices & nephew running around with my daughter I LOVE SEEING THEM PLAY !!
Ancient Aliens. <3
I was an alter boy and they paid me in penis, lies and guilt
"40 Days and 40 Nights" will be the next movie screening at USC. Will take place after Spring Break so stay posted for details!
I am dangerously close to drunk!
Getting woken up hella early by my mom on a #SENIO12 skip day -_- <
I would imagine most are just rubber necking at the train wreck.
Thank you.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston #MusicWasBestWhen she was here. Great voice a gift from God, Now she sings in his precensepre.
Keeping my museum field trip weekend rollin' with today!
Lots of people in the office today; working on exciting new projects ..and, its finally a gorgeous weekend here in NoCal!
ya kup, I forgot its a real heartbreaker receiving 16+ million dollars
Still waiting on word from my editor on the 1st act from my new novel. Writing the 2nd act has slowed; waiting distracts me.
Was voter No. 236 on Madison's SW Side. Poll worker/neighbor of mine said he wanted to recall ... well, not in those words. :)
Hey Rem sorry we couldn't connect, had to work crazy hours on the project. Let me know next time you are in MKE!
What are the pros and cons of using e-readers in the classroom? I'd love to hear all your thoughts!
thanks you two. me really digs her.
That's the loudest you've heard only because you've never cut off my girlfriend while driving.
S/O to its her birthday <3
go panthers !
I can't think of a single reason to ever wear Crocs.
Get ready to #fearthedeer starting tomorrow night
You can bet I will look forward to it. Hope my schedule will allow--busy weekends in May. But I will surely try!
thank you!
Turned it on just before halftime, unsurprised by Washington's "O" RT Has a coach ever been fired at halftime?
If he only knew what he could make me do... Smh..
Takes skill for us to text and drive but we make it look easy!
I miss my phonee :'(
very true, ah my bucketlist of aspirations ;) cc
I'm sorry to hear that. Very sorry. Usually it's fear of the social order that put them on top being upset.
1st production meeting for
u need some fender flares !
I'm such a terrible sister- I forgot my brother's birthday. :P
Follow for your photography and video needs
Really wishes I had a girlfriend. :/
<--- Follow Racquel @ #Growthink. They are an amazing company helping businesses throughout the nation and beyond!
I have strong faith in you getting it up to number 1! So everyone go buy his single! #Buy1111AndGetItToTop10 #believe :)
alright nw nd make sure u follow my boo love ya ma
Can't wait for festival season
RT : Happy First Day of Spring! RT if you can’t wait to bring your science outside.
send me the info to reach you for the deal
Against the rangers you gotta be able to out up runs, cuz u know there gonna score
It's not even funny how much Google Chrome kicks Internet Explorer's ass.
Last Thursday Night, Yeah we dance on the rooftops. And they take too many shots. Think Barbie kissed but she forgot. Last Thursday Night.
Im So Tired of Hamburgers I Ate That Alot When I was Outta Town.
Well, shit. I guess I'm up now.
Very similar to Prince in the field and at bat, I'd say.
is covering the WIAA Board of Control meeting. He'll have the details on possibly moving the state bball tourney to Green Bay.
aw, thanks for sharing your story through your blog!
my ultimate is irregardless and regardless! Makes my skin crawl!
Bored at work ready to get this long work wk over with and relax.... I need a party #needs sum fun
Excited to be at Indian Health Council speaking to the community here about #safetyplanning!
Did a walkthrough of my new house today. Can't wait to move in and have my 1st BBQ and guess what? You're Invited!!! #SWAGG - XavierLT. com
Hello Humid Summer!
and not get burned?
I love to see it rain, but couldn't it have started after my walk into work?
I have about 20! :)
Going to karate! and now comes back(: yay i love her!!!!
Sorry you're feeling sad Nicole, hope you feel better
My dirty laundry clothes always smell like I've been sweating out weed from my body
Flight for Life going to a crash somewhere in Racine County. west of I-94 my guess
Thank you for the reminder. Are you following me as well?
ours too! And our new summer menu debuts next Tuesday!
Okur going down for the #Jazz isn't going to bode well for them
Thanks, I appreciate it
Following the followers that follow your followers while following the followers that follow you.
Just got done weight lifting :)
i believe the time difference is playing a factor. ;). Looks like we will be splitting the season series.
Happy Tuesday! Weather today is a 'NW Special' of sun, showers, downpours, small hail.
I know!
Have a great time! Hope you enjoy the Capitol from an "insider" view.
Not necessarily - I gave birth at home and I paid the midwife with my book advance!
Obviously still pissed at NC. Christian Sharia wins again.
Just finished watching Spartacus! Man off the chain!!!!!
If you're grown, you shouldn't be sneezing into the air. I taught this to my daughter when she was two. COVER, nasty dude at the gym!
Thanks for the follow, love your background, look forward to your tweets.
Once my phone dies i'm gonna study for humanities
is being played at the gym. Day has been made <3
I'm so excited to meet them!! :)
My cocaine comes mañana she I can blow a couple dollar haaaan
Someone LIke Me just picked up its 86th Amazon review (81st five-star). So honored that my readers take the time to post their thoughts!
Really wanted Lefty to win. Just didn't think it would be THAT lefty
A little online shopping at school never hurt anybody.Right?
Supposedly my heart is a toy to u and I think u know ur gonna eventually break it
#orphans8 Gartenberg: "the importance of looking closely at the physical media"
I just left :(
What's happening at Casa de Pico in La Mesa, CA...www.casadepicoblog.com
I did say it'd end in minutes!
CAN PEOPLE PLEASE TWEET ASKING HIM TO READ HIS DM FROM ME ITSREALLY IMPORTANT AND IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME
Liars never change
I CAN"T BE WHO YOU WANT ME TO BE I CAN ONLY BE ME EITHER ACCEPT IT OR LEAVE ME ALONE
Back to just brown hair(:
Congrats !!!! Lucky, lucky lady!!!
That presentation fits perfectly with this course, I favorited and followed her--will use in future courses #TRMA585 Thanks!
My brother retires May15 w/20yr in #USAF - looking to start next career #HFChat #JobChat #veterans any suggestions?
They didn't have that on karaoke.
yeah change ur password i got like 56 dm in a 5 min period. Saying same thing.ive change passwords 2x now
hahaha that works too :) I get that a lot
Dudes Be Posing In Pics With They MPC 4000, But The Beatz Are Trash!!
#EXCITED for towmrrow I'm going on another shopping spree with my mon and guess what me and Mikey and my mom birth week starts Monday
“: If I were a bus driver id honking everyone off the road! Move!” me too sista!
my littles is so pretty:)
Live in Sellwood? Brew Dr. Kombucha now on tap at the Portland Homestead Supply Co. at 8012 SE 13th Avenue. We love this place!
Some people don't realize how blessed they are until they lose it all
Why aren't I asleep...
for real! Im a LAME!
me either!! Oh well so if we do get back stage passes omg!
If you like to dance and want to be a part of dance flash mob. Contact us www.allegrodancecompany.net July 4 Wheeling WV
its still weed. You can be an alcoholic and drink shitty natty ice or something lol
Before my daughter was born our vacations were planned around microbreweries. The good old days.
Back to the library. Dear lord
From what I understand they are one in the same
i can turn anything anyone say into something related....
Watching Drew Carey host 'The Price is Right' is like watching a cat fuck a dog... It's just not right.
unreal #handshakes&middlefingers
Any 1 black friday shopping?
This is an exciting night! Can't wait to see if #Perry and #Bachman fall off after polls close.
Tell Kuhn to get on twitter!
He can't stay healthy? Yes, let's base that off one season. In 3 years if that's the case, we can talk.
January 28th is Have Fun At Work day! If you usually don't have fun with work, this day is just for you! Tweet us about your fun work day!
c'mon twittersphere tell me something good.
Still life Nightclub is Throwing the Largest Thursday Night Party in Raleigh!! Come Experience the Difference!!
I don't know why you're up this early but :(.
i mean some people.... have short term memory loss.... those signs were put in there for people like me !!
Torry holt doing it on nfln. Sign that guy long term.
Congrats to Winter & Wesley, enjoy your honey moon!
There's a difference between being fed up & being just flat out annoyed^.^
thx for the follow.
ah I have to get it!!b :D xx
what to believe?? the campaigning Obama or the caving Obama?
Reading forever <3
don't think it's up yet. ASAP sports should have it, but probably not until tmrw.
watching 25000 pyramid And the winners won a cassette player and they were so excited #DickClark #80's GameShow
HDR Pros: Which do you prefer Photomatix Pro or HDR Efex Pro? I'm going just with one for now until I get more experience.
Is it always required that Taylor Lautner is shirtless on most of his movies? I am now watching
You know I really do have the best friends and family in all the world! Thanks everyone for all the kind words and wishes! Love ya! Th ...
Have you tried our new #Gyros #Fries yet? What do you think!?
I hate guys who think they can get any girl.
Good morning! It's a hot day in Nashville..how's it where you are?
so basically we just need to get ourselves back down there asap haha.
Just fix back the pieces together
in any case my main point was to undermine the romantic anti-capitalist notion that we could return to some imaginary
If voting could really change things, it would be illegal.
Nate McLouth. I now hate you. That was worse than any at bat Pedro ever had.
The fields have been extremely small lately, but the Isle does such a great job, and field is soft---I'm playing!
oh. Ok
I MADE JUNIOR VARSITY CHEER!!!!AH<3(: -KENN
That awkward moment when you eat on ur bed, & when you're trying to go to sleep, u feel crumbs on ur skin.
The Replacement Wife by Eileen Goudge. And You?
#BreakingDawnPart1 Will be released on BluRay and DVD in an hour! :) Can't wait!!! :)
Why y'all act like if you from Milwaukee you have to love the city? I don't. Fuck y'all. Lmao
Day 5 since #laceyfiredistrict3 removed staff from station 35. Mums the word at #cityhall. Am I the only one that sees a trainwreck coming?
Now this isn't fair...
OH: "I can take my little girl to Disney this summer because of "
yo this dude spitting wit this big bush beard look like a hip hop abraham lincoln lol lol
sign of the times, football and now bball....
It's #ClingyAdventure day! Where is Clingy off to today??
See you there! RT Going to see "I am Montana" by
Will this be your last tour of duty at NESN?
I am truly annoyed
IM not weird today!!!!
There has been an…incident…in the bakery.
Back in Cincinnati, brought the teenager with me this week. Now I have someone to fetch my drinks and do chores... Hahaha. ;)
Sarinah Williams loses to an unranked player and their are no americans left...WHAT IS HAPPENING?
I guess that's the Champ in me.
“: A 2-run triple from Ichiro using and the Mariners have a 5-0 lead Makes the birthday girl Dorothy very happy. 92 yr old fan!
U deserve it.
Lol at Angela's mom. Totally made the trip EXTRA trippy for me!
Am psyched for live show this morning. Very cool. However, newsroom WAY too empty this morning!
Putting together a master plan...lol Nah for real I have... Heard u killin'em in La RT : DAMN NIGGA WHERE YOU BEEN?
We're taking some new product pictures today! We'll post some soon. Look forward to it!!
Last week of the semester!!!! :)
#Faffcon 3 is all ready a winner and we haven't even official started yet. This is going to be a great weekend for working #voiceover pros.
got a tux for my wedding. shit's getting real.
is having free mini cupcake tastings tonight hm?!
We can make love to a rap sonq.
Rocos tacos is probably louder than the concert we're going to
Ha, thanks Jared!
Tim Teufel's last name is German for "devil"
NFL players got full season suspensions for lesser hits than Garnett's shoulder check
I was waiting for you to write something on Iowa!
Thanks for letting me know! I just knew it would be! #IfTheseKnishesCouldTalkRocks :-)
My team boys--drink Coors Light. One bragged how cheap it was. I dunno if they realize that's not a good thing.
I'm happy for those who have pulled for us, cheered for us, and have fought for us. It's not easy,Happy Valentines to all and GO FROGS!!
michel jackson, the king of pop, will be rememberd
thank you !!
Everything I got I got myself!
yes :( because it's not the same type of phone it takes longer to get it working properly
Changed my profile name and BG check it out!!!!
I hate when other teams use the
words can not explain how excited i am for Worlds 2012 this weekend! CEA Senior Elite for 2012 champs!
Awww I love You too Sista! bcuz You stay on my mind... Sista! Lol Ok I quit
Thats awesome! I need to pray more to the Twitter Gods. Great job with the site. Lets try to collaborate on some projects.
Youre sending the mans career down the drain.How many more fans do you have 2 lose to realize youre making embarrassing choices?
Thanks for visiting! What did you try?
I fricken love late night
absolutely right about Virgo's best match! Lol
drawing is tomorrow
Sweet potato fries and bacon aioli is the new peanut butter and jelly.
Nice play
We're back to work in full force, hope everyone had a good President's Day weekend!
It can't take you that long to get here from Polaris..
charlotte duh
Who else has voxer.! :)
It was my pleasure!
Independent Spirit Awards
#Loex2012 How to write press releases, Tweet professionally, be bold, move quickly to post content & prepare to go viral, & protect brand
National security is the highest priority of government, but NDAA intruded too far on personal liberties.
Sun🌅rises night🌄falls what you do in between is up to you.
oh really
What happened to the Smashing Network button? It was one of the main reasons I visited the site. Am I missing it?
You might be a fan of Marukan if ____________. ReTweet with your answer.
it's the next Pride and Prejudice and Zombies! ... Now waiting for Hot Topic take on "nothing to lose but your chains"
We are rooting for both of these amazing groups and can't imagine the talent behind such loyal fan bases! Each must be so grateful.
No sir!
I sleep all day so I feel like I'm being productive when I sit on the couch and play with the Internet all night.
It's 2:00 am and Im eating a QT Burrito with some Chips and Coffee :)..
For a show called "Sex Slaves: Texas," this is really unsexy.
Going to see #bluelikejazz movie w pretty excited.
that would be pretty bad-ass (just sayin)
My dream rap concert would probably be Fifty Cents, M and Ms, and Most Definitely. Those guys are "the shizzle".
Jalen Rose is such a biased bastard. who gives a damn that Rudy Gay is back, that'll take away minutes from Z-bo and HE's not himself yet
Tired after lunch? Let me recommend 3 cups of Jamaican Me Crazy from Java Works. If nothing else, the bathroom trips get the blood flowing!
Nice to see a company that gets it. Win the war for talent and position yourself for growth.
Damn you gotta step up your dress shoe game! HAHA!
Love your enemies...do good to those who hate you.~Matt 5:44. Let love God's called you to change enemies into friends.
merry christmas, guys! :)
Thanks for the 842 Love " love the 842 makes me smile every time i take a whiff"
Of course we are speaking about the "grand celebration" part and not the readers. They were GRAND!!
Yes, especially perfect when delivering bad news. (Hey guys, I'm using jazz hands so it can't be THAT bad!)
Thank you so much for sharing your story! May we post it on our website to encourage others?
We are perfect together and we both see that and agree after talkin about it. So why arent we together again? I haz confusion
The Clippers are back in this, there's still a lot of time left
Ha ha! I've placed 2 of those guys in the last month, but I need one more!
When I can't sleep I'm drawn to my iPhone like a moth to a flame!
But what's up
. If I do this serious MERS dive, you have to promise to help me.
Those gold pants sure do his penis justice...
I'm turning 20 this yr. I study psychology :)
Marquis Teague is doin good. 1 mo half n we back to the champs game.
who was your favorite Drew? I love little Rachelle
Somehow the book title "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner" seems very apropos when you're starting a business by yourself.
Jelly beans for breakfast! DAMN YOU, Easter basket!
So my brother decided 2 take the LONG way 2 prairie state…WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS CHRISTOPHER!?!?!
Just ordered your book. Perfect timing for my team & our business!
Wow it's hard to get up this a.m. God, I need ya.
I have little to do for the next hour before work, so I'm going observe things and tweet obnoxiously.
What a day...I'll have one more
I love you too
It will be SO nice to see you again! I had a GREAT time on Show. It'll be on OWN on 11/17. LOVE u !!
Hey, whatever makes you feel better Lynne! :-) I still haven't checked the apt therapy feature! Will do tonight :-)
Q10 Fad I wish would return? Key parties. ;-)
get instagram. It's better.
So tired.
I'll check you :-)
RT : has endorsed Prop 420 because of historic ties between the Cubs and Mesa and commitment to Cactus L. exhibit.
Preparing to grind B-72 off of 780 ceramic mural tiles today. Let the games begin.
Well young lady. what about you where you from?
U betta, Woke yo ass up!
“: I'm in Milwaukee. Pretty sure there was a "chain of custody" issue today with my cheeseburger.” Welcome!
If someone says free drinks I'm there, I don't even care if it's an old folks home
Look i was tired and trying to sleep~_~
please let others give you the opportunity to speak, without cutting you off.
I'm in the business center of the most expensive hotel in DC. The gentleman next to me is using AOL email & can't attach documents...
you didn't do to bad for your first time. Great workout.
i hate tuesdays because you're at church and since the time difference i have to wait up till like 12 for you to get out and yeah
A and C
if this was facebook i would have just hit the "Like" button. but instead ill favorite and RT it hahahaha!
hell yeah #teamivy!!!
gonna watch the Third Reich: The Rise and Fall on glad to see some real history stuff on this channel again.
Dude, Check out "Ozma" by them. Pure gold.
Wow. Just got lectured by the #target mgr about how to act when doors open. She must have been traumatized by Missoni.
Don't mess wid nick's chicken nuggets Okaiie :D
Thanks for following. Tell your friends about eastnashvilleradio.com
twitter is not interesting to me anymore. we might break up.
We like Pina Coladas!! Song stuck in my head!
I miss you so much too ! You are my homie. Hopefully with my settlement money I can do some traveling.
is HIMYM over? i'd google it, but i don't want to find out who my mother is.... seriously.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 59
Williams: it is just as tough now to recruit minorities as it was a few decades ago, but it is priority.
11:11 is amazing ,best first single ever can't get it out of my head so catchy love it and roll on tonight it will be amazing
Reading Between Shades of Gray # titletalk
#9 bus was 20 mins late this morning. Plus fare hikes. #mbta is really digging a hole with riders right now. Great start to my Monday. NOT!
Lmao! Maybe there was a reason for disabling embeds after all.
Dreamed that all office communication was printed on tea towels.
oh for sure!
I don't have any junk mail
Comic sans seems fairly sarcastic. No?
The one thing I hate about the gym is how much I sweat.
I'm around the corner eating. I'm thinking of you in bed watching family guy. I miss you.
hey. Call me
it was manicured lawns, happy dogs, and good teeth
Attn workshop attendees! If you are under 18 please print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com OR have your parent or guardian sign you in!
yes that's me. from like 1982 or so. my best Halloween costume ever. it's faded because it's old. not some neat effect! ha ha
Lmfao made a funny......."jam out with your clam out"!!!!!! Classic
excited about the Saints winning tomorrow!!!
Never assume we're free, guys. We want you to think our social calendar is filled with glittering soirees, even if we're scrubbing the tub.
We're happy to have warm SoCal weather back! Time to shoot outside again!
#grocery shopping for the week done and home just in time to beat #Austin #traffic!
Dawn's famous!!!!
I have watched too many covers of One Direction. If anyone wants to sing to me this should be the song PS I will always love boy bands
Hi! Willissteam thank you so much for the follow.We are both believers in giving friends a care package. Tweet me N E time.
Emma took classes with Cynthia Bain Young Actor's Studio in Studio City. Loved it. Top notch.
If absence makes the heart grow fonder, I'm growing pretty damn fond of having functioning air conditioning at work
lovely photos of animals in nature - where in Ireland?
i got a client that wants a Enrique Inglasias I Like it type track and another one that wants some james bond hip hop ...lol
Stop blaming the "down" economy & start accepting the "new" economy. The faster you accept it, the faster you can adapt your business to it.
It is a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Loving the early spring.
We need to have mega-doses of God痴 Word. A little dab on Sunday morning won稚 do you!
its all blurry! haha franklins living the high life though.
Can someone please come and just take me away? I live in a fucking dictatorship rules by a bitch. She fucking ruins my life.
I know! & later I realized I'd never seen 12 Monkeys, either. A night of first Terry Gilliams for Julie!
Bulls, Heat, ¿Knicks?, Magic, Spurs, Lakers, Trail Blazers, Thunder.
are you on Draw Something?
um, yeah!
I know it's not your lane. But WE need you & YN to lead on this issue ASAP. HIP HIP must be politicized around Treyvon Martin NOW!!
Thanks for the RT Chanelle! Appreciate it. :)
If you're single, read my last tweet. <3
AGREED Listen To More EDM
Kevin and Tom are ready to help you learn more about #orings and #sealingsolutions at #Design2Part in Oaks PA
then I'll feel bad :( that's not fair Donnie. Meany ass Mean pants.
should have went Navy
This is the point of civil disobedience. It's not very effective unless people are uncomfortable.
Lolol. So basically you made Ur bed ?
crossed the george wash. Bridge for free..1st time ever getting in the city for free except for when I was born...
Why does it look like Miller Park is empty ? Are that many people still drinking in the lots before and ?
True. For when they're "drinking" RT : Fashion people have this weird urge to start anon mediocre twitter feeds.
Feeling skinny today kids
I am a huge fan, you are very positive, and pretty
Gave me head cause the movie was wack
#Silverlight use observationcollection instead of arrays to make serialization work
Its sad to say tht im one of many ppl to say "What if"....
Welcome to the NFC Mr. Tebow :)
H-O-T again today. My pate brisee is very soft. Let's hope it will stick together long enough to roll out!
you know you found the right girl when reality is finnally better than ur dreams.
Also I like lentil soup
What a great day at Watertown Bridal Fair! Lots of people stopping by our booth, lots of ideas for next years booth....
Thank you for your kind words!
obviously you are because you never have time for me
Haha, next week doe (:
You twitted about not having any friends!
oh, i am so sorry...
Q5 I love my ereader but I would never call it better. Just different. I will use either depending on my mood.
potty mouth
gergen in 1972 tasked with writing resignation letter for nixon: "uh, who does the president resign to?".. boss' response: "figure it out!"
Thanks Paul. Voice of reason
#smx You are on Facebook right now, aren't you?
Thanks! I just sent the link out yesterday to our educators and they are emailing me that it doesn't work. Great timing:)
1. Slow expansion, particularly in tropics.
One Up is now serving lunch. Luscious lunch items by Chef Marco A. Espinoza. Come check us out. 25% for a limited time!!!
Been 9 months since I've worked in DC now; I still have not found a place I want to relocate to. DC is so asymmetrical.
Max Payne Online is pure chaos and I can't win
thanks for coming Shelley!
let me know if I can help at all
Oh wait, Hugo was amazingly shot also, so I could live with it winning cinematography
": #Taurus women are masters in the art of seduction. She will get what she wants but her patience is incredible."
Learned that occasionally power trips while at the organ. With music power comes music responsibility.
Happy New Year! Let's be excellent this year!
- so what's your mononymously name? Will? Willionaire?
This game is getting good (finally). Turn on the Heat v. Pacers game if you're not watching. Marv Albert & Kerr on the call.
Dont know any other shopping stores besides pretty girl, rainbow and Walmart
Happy Birthday fellow #tAG member
True. There are some really good honest stock brokers out there as well. :-)
well next time buddy!! I'm gonna go back next season ;)
Playing for the kiddies at glenn valley elementary with the MidCoast Swing Orchestra!
Thanks for the awesome photo from the Cheat River fest show!!
Think I'm gonna eat my Hello Panda cookies now
White, white replaced by blue blue and some sunshine. Excellent way to start the week.
a month ago. We wanted time to iron out kinks before we started advertising.
Well girl lets go,walk your broken heart through that door Sit yo sexy ass on that couch Wipe that lipstick off of your mouth I take it slow
I've already predicted the next new network: Facebook+Instagram+Pinterest = FINPIN
lol still nobody knows how much I love and
Flight of 09s...Cab Franc-Cab Sauvigno-Merlot
ahh me too! Lol it's lk insane I wud love to see it live 😳 ahah
Lesly is retarded
Support Ur Boy By Downloading The New Hip-Hip Mix...Thanks For Everyone's Love...
You know what today is, Twitter? Stephen Sondheim's 81st birthday. I'm listening to FOLLIES in celebration.
your an asshole.
Which ones are your favorites? Our team seems to love chocolate.
Welcome back! Glad you made it in safely.
what the fuck
sure is! Groppis, beans and barley, sendiks, metcalfes....thanks for supporting us!
Come see us today and get a LOVELY experience
TWEET ME QUESTIONS AND I WILL ANSWER THEM TRUTHFULLY! #Promise -Maria
#RonPaul really sealed his fate. He said he'll cut all foreign aid. Even Isreal. I like it, but it won't win an election.
Too cool, thanks!
PT, you are killing me! LOL!
for sure you as well bro.
lol ok I'll tell Jasmine when I go in today :)) thank you babe!!<33
In the mood for some delicious pie? Well I am. Today I will be featuring a wonderful Bananza Pie~ Too yummy for words!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
": I love the show swamp people" Great show no doubt.
yeah :( i remember when i used to talk to john on myspace all the time. arf
Aint no lover like the one I got, no need to mess around cause he gives me a lot.
Skill is successfully walking a tightrope over Niagara Falls. Intelligence is not trying
Sorry I have been a bad tweeter friends, my apologies.
after i graduate and all that I gotta start makin' moves.
I need to work out before work!!!! Ugh im being lazy!
that's cool sry for being so nosey but IV always just wanted to know that lol
Who got Stinky this weekend?????
What does THAT have to do with THIS?!.
“: Looks like Alber and Hayes could be leaving to sign contracts in add. to Kreider and Dumoulin. #BCHockey” Yikes. Big hit.
I get so emotional baby, when I think of you.
#FiggeStudentFellows presentations about to start. Intro by Senior Fellow Ilia Delio OSF
A girl isn't pissed until she deletes you on Facebook.
#Libya #Tripoli #MermaidDawn When #Gaddafi said he would fight to the end, he meant fight from within.......the ground.
"There is properly no history; only biography." Ralph Waldo Emerson
If I think any harder, imma have a brain malfunction
#3WordsForYou: What's your name? ;)
We can still see all the negative signs about a person and still give them a chance....
Oh my pet...I would save you if I could... but I'm a little busy with the Accession and becoming a Goddess. You understand huh?
#Str8LykeDes... It's crazy that you even thinking of like dat..
I'm a fan. Never had to get on. Just that's a devastating loss
Border Wars can be watched on iDevices, right?
Thank goodness it's the weekend! Good weather, good football, good friends....what else does one need?
Anyone have any cool song ideas for a cover? Need to put a few new ones in my back pocket.
I have no idea. I wish.
Pullin 8am - 2am's DAILY. Get work do work get paid do fun LIFE'S GOOD
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 7 2:48 in 2nd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Your welcome anytime you need to talk to anyone don't hesitate :) I got you homie
here we go, here we go, Sh*t my folks don't know!!
Excited For New Jonas Album 17
Back in NYC, all of a sudden its dark and cold.
That would be amazing. ": you need to get back on a podcast.
Thank YOU for being our guest :) RT 12 oz filet. Still way more food than I can eat. Thank you Elway's fantastic.
iight we will see if yu hit me up
Had our 1st qtr wrap up meeting today. Amazing!!! So proud of the 1000 H2S team members. Looking forward to BIG things to come very soon.
I have a little crush on the hummingbird that flies around outside my work window. "Oh, there he is! He's so cute!"
Dear boys wearing skin tight graphic tees...you don't look good.
lmao and I can't help but laugh cuz at the end of the day you gonna end up with a baby-mama some lost ass kids and nobody at ur funeral
" we can't but stay posted on our distribution craving some hop on top. Can you ship a case out to Colorado for me??"
Ah - This movie is scaring me silly
Not my day
Sometimes I watch Americas got talent, and I think "no...apparently not"
I am so tired
Why is he wearin a pink shirt and gray sweater is he gay?? Yes i think soo
I don't dread going to work in the mornings anymore - well, no more than usual.
Getting ready to head to the village pub to watch Loud Mouth Soup! Best cover band around!
anyone have experience with GarageBand on the iPhone? maybe compared to FourTrack?
Take your Vitamins! I prefer mine as a double shot of Ketel One w/lime !
Thanks new follows for supporting contemporary ballet!
Attny's all enter not guilty pleas to four additional charges each.
Choices are endless.... BE CHOOSEY!!!!!
Seriously, I need some me time...
2marr it on an popping gonna see the 1st fam perform at jaxx night club
Opening my package w/ 's new Severance Songs. Also opening a delicious beer. Going to be a good Friday night!
I love the watchlist feature on your site! But ✓ vs X not enough to tell if it's added already or not when looking at a film page.
You know I have a terrible memory. If you told me before, I would've picked a different one! Thanks though...
Do you have a business email or personal that you could DM us? Thanks!
cheers to that!
u r my LOVE
I feel recharged. Back to work in a few
no, just standby flights have to be caught 1st thing in the AM or else you're screwed
I was jus wacting video and i noticed him look alike lol idk to me they do
Aww miss u guys too!!
I know baby you got the whole package ;)
In 1997 the price of coffee in New York broke US$3.00/lb, but by late 2001 it had crashed to $0.43/lb.
Todd said he would provide dates tomorrow. cc
No problem! Thanks for the shout out.
Ugh I miss all the good stuff! I know Jiffy though, there will be more ;)
techies i need your help
I love Zimbabwe where do u teach I'm in GA also
The fattest knight at King Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
Yes! Person next to me .. Your running faster miles because your incline is on 0 and mine is on 4 idiot quit looking over here .
I cant wait to start Crossfit back this summer! I have really missed it!
Good night! See you in 3 hours!!
in what new direction are you thinking of taking the blog? I'm curious! And, yes, you should dare ... its your blog! :)
When your life is exactly where it should be because your doing what your supposed to be doing>>
You know when I feel inwardly beautiful? When I am with my girlfriends and we are having a 'goddess circle'. Jennifer Aniston
Lol stiles: he smells like death ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
sounds great! do you have the recipe?
Never The Minor Things... I'm Moving On To Finer Things.
I wonder if it'll get easier
Listening to Charlie Cook at Foundation event talk politics...
One of my fashion consultants just told me (and I quote)..."Miss Anna, your swag is ON POINT!.." BAM take that 2011!
Research and Markets: Digital Media - The Competitive Internet Media Environment
Editor, writing post for Mew ticket giveaway for tonight's show Stay tuned.
Can the Eagles find a way to lose tonight?
Stay tuned for a wrap on the conversations that took place. After that, this account will be reborn as ... something else.
Horrible withdrawal symptoms! When do you broadcast? Brain failing. Me stoopider and stoopider. Ugh. <hit screen with rock>
Scrabble with - we've each played two words, none under 50 points. This is going to be good.
I was tired from that wack ass job
I am never, ever, going to the beach without wearing sunscreen again!
Composing my paper for "Literature, Theory, and the Future of Medieval Studies: Middle English and Its Others," sponsored by Exemplaria.
I get why you dislike the team. But wishing injury on anyone is just bad mojo
bc my mom has been a middle school track coach and drama teacher. Her credentials being my sister and I.
When you going to be in the 210? I got a friend in Toronto who wants a CD after hearing "thats nit how you represent 361"
You @ me first
Still shootin for the stars, without a second to wait :)"
Clearly reading a 391 page book in less than 9 hours is not an issue when its as good as
I'm a man with pride
Networking done, partying commences.
good morning! Is anyone seeing the hunger games today? I'm seeing tomorrow, so excited haha
Well, last night in Lawrence...and why aren't we living here this summer? Remind me, I forgot the reason..
If you don't fight for what you want you'll never get it
Too many fucking rabbits.
“: I love Sandra Bullock!” me too
You can get really drunk, fast.
I mean I AM biased! But that's just crazy!
He is risen! What a beautiful and blessed day.
Almost too much to talk about, but your topics are always #1 on the JTShow. Email topics & opinions to now
He was singing "Don't let me die girl" Clearly an original
Wow, I'm sure you will :) Are you going to SPF too?
I hate my fucking bestfriend shes a fucking bitch im so tired of her...fuck her..
A quote from Lincoln who died on this day in 1865. "Whatever you are, be a good one."
The quickest way to piss a girl off is to tell her to "chill out"!!!
Thanks Let's Go Pens - I'll be contributing however I can in Game 5 from Section 110
Jason Bourne style I imagine!
Today is "national clean out your refrigerator day." Help us clean out our pantry starting at midnight with half off grab 'n' go leftovers!
you're rude miss i'm to good to hang out with you
Watching The Oscars! !!! :)
FYI you guys rock!
haha yeah I'm the same way. Some of the stuff is just farfetched but that combination of stuff sounds real good.
Dont worry about wat other ppl say jus keep doin you. I respect how u show your fans much love. Love you Trina
: your work is so wonderful. Exciting to see.
If you want to learn about customer experience, spend 5 minutes w Chester Hunt, right ?
You're so lucky! Jealous :)
7 more days!
Denver has been consistently ranked in the top 10 places to live in the United States.
Solid Art Museum stair workout with and Getting pumped for Saturday
lol my parents know now cuz I did it so much
Thank god it's wednesday , I'm planning on sleeping all weekend I don't even care :)
I got really involved last night. It's a real survival horror game The screen size is weird. I have to adjust it everytime
#SocialMediaTip be very flexible with seeing people
As Part of the 48 Hour Music Video Project, Chasing Disaster will be Performing and Shooting a Video on Friday September 23rd, at...
Wish I was there!
I DONT THINK YOU LOVE US BECAUSE YOU'RE OBVIOUSLY TRYING TO KILL US ALL WITH YOUR SEXINESS IN THAT VIDEO. OMGOMGOMGOMG.
- Thanks for being my 400th follower! :) Now onto 500.
this is a major dragon I am trying to slay at my insitution
I Love Your Videos And You're Gorgeous!(:
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
Thrilled to be in San Fran instead of buried in snow. Ready for AAC&U!
LMS IF YOUR'E READY FOR THE NEXT RE-FIX TO COME OUT?! Gabriel Antonio - Somebody I used to know [Gotye Re-Fix].
: anytime, anyplace- as long as the time is when you're #1 and the place is
Watch the special features. ; )
Man I hate that the DMV was not open
Just got back from playing two gigs in Richmond, VA. for the 2nd Street Jazz Festival. Back to the studio now to make some music!
Michigan plays in the first round. Bring it!
They say it's gonna rain in #PHX tonight. I say, I'll believe it when I see it.
Can you give me an example? We could fix that pretty quickly.
Omg why can't I sleep.
Follow me please?
No more carrying my #passport around.
Beach party on the threshold of hell.
We cleaned the windows at the Tramway Community Church and they look great! Stop by and see them sparkle!
We are booth #232 @ the 2011 Annual Western Arts Alliance Conference in Seattle Aug. 29 - Sept 2.
North carolina now. so we got like 7 and a half hours of driving left to get through south carolina georgia and then florida
Kobe Bryant needs 38 points to win the NBA scoring title, but will not be playing tonight. He said, scoring 38 is "not really hard to do."
are boom-boxes back, too? “: I never would have guessed that oversized headphones would come back in style.”
Treat everyone you meet like God in drag ~ Ram Dass
that's exactly what I was thinking. You should just watch animals doing funny & cute things, those are the images to carry
making a cake for my mommy <3 and trying to convince her to take me to MIAMI this summer haha <3 WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! <3
Malfunction of the play clock y'all
Me and Jenny goes together like peas and carrots.
how long have you been working w hill?
I feel like I'm just running, but going nowhere
goodnight :) love you oh who cares you will never see this ;(
I love twitter.
I can't believe how cheap your gas is. Bitch ;)
great! I will do it tomorrow. Thanks for the heads up on that :)
Working and trying to plan a fun weekend trip outside of Santiago.
Go Saints<3
We have much more facebook activity than I thought
Congrats on being Cityview's Best Local Men's Clothing Store!!!
I took some pics last wk on 35mm. Didn't turn out at Walgreens, but I think they could if given personal attn.
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow me follow me tweet tweet TRY TO TREND IT PLEASE RT.
no, thank you
BIG payoff!
"To dare to be aware of the facts of the universe in which we are existing calls for courage." ~W.R. Bion
The sunrise on the beach with the woman of your dreams = priceless!
Mos Wanted was A M A Z I N G ! <3 Best performance so far!
Q4: I could see this as a qtr review for Human Geo. Asking students to find topics they can talk about & learn from others about.
ur nuts to marry Bad attitude....better think twice dude she might kill you. Throwing bottles and plants...really?
yeah but I have 4 and thats really stressful, all my teachers are putting so much pressure on us.
I know wat u really ate haha.
<----Who has a chance to meet Joe Tait today?
eating tuna fish in spanish <<<<
Individual vanilla cheesecakes are fresh out of the oven. Hurry! Only six left!
Yay! RT : Taking over this account starting...... Now.
If you can't stand for something then lay down so people can walk all over you.
why not?(:
56° today, 60° tomorrow, 68° on Tuesday, even 70s make an apperance. Mother Nature needs to make up her mind!
the one time I tried Jäger, I couldn't move. I think I may have also seen God, not too sure on that one.
GOP shills masquerading as journalists: ICYMI
The Colts will play the Saints in Super #44. I will bet on the Colts since they have been there before and this is a first for the Saints.
I can't even lie, the avengers was so good. I didnt think I would like it.
Please happen!! “: So says the Texans are now trying to trade Jacoby Jones? Yeah, good luck”
yvw! You had a great post @ "Mommies' Dearest" blog. Definitely will return!
but i'm not like the girl next door , in between a cheerleader and a whore , <3(;
Can't pack it any tighter.
RT : Through security. Thoughtlessly began removing pants when asked to take off belt. Distracted?
THREATENING ME AND I SHALL PERISH LIKE THE LAND OF OURS
Oh rehearsals with AKL... Always funny dialogue.
it would be nice.But having removed the white on your own allows the site to run faster. Big benefit for our pros. Time=$
It's pouring where Sporting is playing in Chicago. Perfectly fine for the Royals in Chicago.
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you, but simply to say thank You for all I have.
...unique tweets.
How over a million recall signatures only have an over 200,000 vote turn out?? Almost 300,000..... If you don't vote, you can't complain!
That made lol.
Who the eff do I work with tonight ?!
- thanks for the follow and all success in your race, thanks for your good work. Best wishes, Marc
:( good luck
fuck you bitches
#CantWaitToSee STEREO X tonight at Chrystie 141 at 11pm! We love ! & makes her NYC solo debut to open the show!
Everything is discursive opinion instead of direct experience
don't do it!
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
Ohh yeah I remember him. the ones like those are so dangerous i'm afraid to watch them Haha like the guy that dove into a pool
going to a wedding.
|#quotes A successful life is one that is lived through understanding and pursuing one's own path, not chasing after the dreams of others.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, & relentlessly drive it to completion-Jack Welch
It's an OPINION.
is at #Rollins sentencing, live-tweeting
At Rushtons Demo +Dine. Wine drank now onto the food!
im good just got off of work chilling cant wait to watch some nba tonight
Sun just went down, and it's 62 ° in here. How cold's it gonna get in here tonight? Darn heating costs.
So glad your prof apologized - my friends & I have better things to do than chase such an awful human being.
If you take more than a day to pick a paint color for a room, you might need to hire an interior designer. Keep the momentum of the project
i just followed everyone back (:
I love how when I call the apple help line, it says "we are experiencing heavy call volume" then disconnects the call.
“: If I was Coach Spoelstra I'd grab Lebron head band and say GO TO THE HOOP AND GET BUCKETS !!!!! That nigga would be bald
Starting off Friday with some killer Co2 Sour Diesel Taffy. Irie!!!
140 characters can not explain whats on my mind twitter. You should think more about changing that so people have enough room to speak.
You like a different girl every week
Thank you! Enjoy the weekend! Cheers
Ommegang or Three Philosophers?
trying to prepare as much as I can :)
RT : What an amazing day! Thx again to our live bloggers
": As of 5pm. The center of the hurricane as 340 miles south of the 5 boroughs."# TTLO. Its going down
Cant wait to watch tia and tamera show to night... Love them
Are you sh*tting me w/Sh*tter ??? omg I have chuckled and chuckled so much reading abt this new "product" LOL :) thx for sharing!!
I am!
FOLLOW ME ALEX CONSTANCIO!!!<3<3<3<3 JUST GO TO MY PROFILE AND MAKE THAT LITTLE CIRCLE TURN RED! DO IT! YOU KNOW YOU WANNA!
2534026 I'm starting to go down there more cause its so chill
I push myself to finish school no matter what's going on because it secures the future of Kailynn.
RT : Anyone have a 'scope and a signal generator they want to donate to ? Audio projects here we (would) come!
Certain studies seem to indicate that unhappiness increases with knowledge.
#fridayreads The Night Circus, Erin Morgenstern
Contrary to popular belief I am not Ted Mosby, I repeat I am not Ted Mosby, or Mike Brown for that matter...unless the Lakers get hot-hahaha
RT is the go-to place for Christian Life Coaches to get equipped to successfully follow their calling!
wading through a deluge of ungraded finals. If not heard from in a week, assume the worst.
is watching the snow in Ballard...from his bicicle.
We hope you met some poster ladies too ;) Thanks for all of the love!
Jorden Garrison's two out double to center scores Kelsey Jacobson and gives Monticello a 2-1 lead over Juda-Albany
That's what I'm saying...if #WI doesnt show up 4 her it will diminish interest/enthusiasm of independs who R just watching 2 see
IS ANYONE SELLING TICKETS TO 1D SHOW ON JULY4th 2013?
good for you! A good cause!
It is not the BROKEN DREAM that breaks us...it is the dreams we were afraid to dream...
'A free lunch is only found in mousetraps.' - John Capozzi
I look like a tomato...
ize still wud tell her how youz feelz... Maybe she won't mind?
To my followers, just made a twitter change...nashgrp is now trishiien
How did I get sick? Very sore throat, tight chest and dry cough. Being lazy is no fun at all when you're sick.
what you doin?
Graphic Design Solutions & Brand Development. Call or email today for a quick quote. www.liendesign.com 858.336.8906
Chillin watching sports center
because UNLV and that crooked prep school are gonna get exposed? Hahaha ok buddy.
I downloaded a random speed dating app but these old men kept tryna hit me up so i deleted it
I'm so sick of this library and staring at fucking microsoft fucking word but it's POURING SO IT'S NOT LIKE I CAN REALLY GO ANYWHERE ANYWAY
LOVE it when it rains
Please don't be in love with someone else. Please don't have somebody waiting for you...
Day two was amazing! thank you again! People need to stop by and check out the 2011 vehicles.
cool :D
is a wonderful person.
I mean anything but send her cash right?
yeah. Wish you would've said somethin. I want a hug ma'am. Is that too much?
Scramble with friends is pretty fun
Kirk Era: "Noninterference unless interference helps you score with alien babes."
I'm glad Bo didn't get thrown out in the first half! *whew* it sure was entertaining though!
it was unfortunate to say the least!
RT In Long Beach getting ready to go onstage at The Women's Conference! Who's here with me? #TWC2010 womensconference.org
Thanks. They took my Ravens replica Superbowl ring so I suspect On the serious side, Tosa police have been great.
i hate when I'm trying to hang out with someone one on one and other people always end up coming or tagging along
I like good head , I like good Reefa
MT : Confidence is often viewed as arrogance, see it as intellect - NOTHING can be accomplished without it.
"You're fired," - M. Romney
Just got kicked out of my pottery class. I seem to have made one too many dick-shaped things. It's a gift.
Can we please bring rollerblades back?
“: make masturbation a tax write off and you have my vote!!”
nope. that would be my hubby's cell phone alerting him to his battery dying. ;)
U are welcome! :)
I'm so freaking out. XD
Thanks for the RT !
are Sons of Sylvia playing on #AmericanIdol tonight?
Sharing is caring. :)
In the age of the internet, there is no reason not to know what you are going to order before you get to a restaurant.
you always get them in your toe and you wake up from a dead sleep just so you can scream that your in pain lol
Starting to get frustrated and desperate. I am so sick of this "economy".
I am going on Monday.
If you keep whispering such sweet nothings, who KNOWS what might happen, sahr!
DCPS has a great 3/4 yr old program called tools of the mind, and could certainly use more $ to implement wider. No $ in bill.
appreciate the RT, buddy! :D hope your enjoyin the week so far!!
Bored it's freakin 9:11pm and it's syllable sunny out omg
*sad face* We'll miss you!
Whats wrong with me seriously i always lose friends. . . .
#news The scheme to get people off the street and into the doctor's
see goes in....
Does your taxi give you this thing of beauty after every ride? Nope. Thanks
any days to suit you. Will get the kettle on!
#newspaces4learning The big difference btw the levels is for them to choose tools.. tough when they don't know many
Thanking God for allowing me to see another day
Wow, he would call me when the game is about to be over. Asshole, Im gunna punch him in the face tmrw faggot.
Both TV Legend gone but never forgotten, Don Cornelius (1936-2012) and Dick Clark (1929-2012).
true that
Thanks for the re-tweet
haha I was definitely being facetious with the Bonnie Raitt statement :)
2 weeks of school left..
Greetings from Keller, TX. Check out my website & let me know if we should chat.
Vegas we are here!
Thanks Katie! RT : LOVE THOSE. Gorgeous!
Yes its Kent! You guys all guessed right! I mean seriously, who else would wear a bright yellow shirt about cornfields!? Love that kid haha
~ Its crazy but true ; I can't see myself with nobody but you.. ~
Math problem: my answer 314.2 choices a)4 b)7 c)19 d)12. Well, I haven't chose D in a while... so
The Los Angeles teams look forward to beating the teams from Phoenix tonight.
thanks for the kind words about AJ
Have a well deserved rest and sweet dreams! -.- z
#k14 at #4c12 will be packed, methinks.
Had those on my birthday last year. Yum!
Eagles fly alone, but sheep flock together.
The latter may be the better bet.
My HBCU's stand up!
Yesterday afternoon, when he acknowledged it was him, I added update to the bottom of the piece. CMS does not allow headline changes
A yin and yang kind of day... Some great things mixed with some not so great things. If I was a soccer club, I'd still be awarded a point!!!
thanks for the QM encouragement... Sounds like someones been brushing up on standard 1.3 ;)
thanks much for the kind note. Mountaineer fan by relation of cousins, Pat and Coley White
Happy Mass Effect 3 day!
RT : thanks to #transferpizza for the great pie in #milwaukee. The artichoke "La Bella" was awesome!
My brother's getting braces. This is going to take forever
Got long day and even longer weekend.... # lego
Me to... lace front shawty lol
As the swim coach says "There are no cheerleaders on the swim team. Everybody into the pool!" Are you watching your life or participating?
why am I the one with the pigtails?!?!...y0u d0nT wAnT nOnE oF DISSS BITCH. I even talk GHeT0 #iwillcutyou ✂
This is undoubtedly applicable to Bush, Cheney, Limbaugh, Hannity and the list keeps going and going.
idk? Lol im a nice and fun person as well(: and ur a directioner?!?!?! I fricken love u!
Quiet evening at home. I think I may have a glass of wine or 3. Lol
Will look back through hundreds of tweets to find who does massages. *sigh*
lol well my family at all mine so consider yourself lucky!!
First time i talk to you in like two months & you still make me feel the same way > thts some real Nigga shit lol
New twitter handle I guess my old one was too tough for ppl to remember #
“: When Bob Uecker dies, I plan to freak out the way the people in State College have the past week.” Me too. Guaranteed.
AYE.! I Got MI Name In A Hashtag Lmaoo..
Oh yeah, I remember that night well. :-)
Very good! Hard at work in the gym and hard at work online
Check out Not cheap but you totally get what you pay for and then some. Made in USA, too. I love mine.
I got em, got em, got em, got em ! RT : need beats beats beats beats...
Going to play a video game with my little sis
Standards for "competitive" school food last updated in 1979. A child who buys these snacks consumes 300 calories per day from them
is one of our lawyers and he is awesome!
Jeff, Raspatello here, the guy you were talking to at the end of the evening. Can't say how much that means us. Thank YOU
Ocho Cinco! RT I'm enjoying my Hyundai Sonata kind sir RT : the cls63 AMG should be your next car, what do you think?
thanks so much for the #Shoutout and RT.
When is #Twitter #Trends going to have #Pittsburgh so I can stop tracking Philly??
graffitti party tonight ladies drink free 10-12 first 100 people get white t's
We love all our followers & today we chose a few:
hm, good point. definitely a wildcard that time of year.
The #Wizards!!!!!!!! Wow that's cool
Im bout to vomet
D.C. essence: man walking into Mass Ave. office building in Brooks Bros. suit wearing royal blue Nike backpack.
I'd Probaly have a a lot of followers if I sat around and said nothing all day!
Booking for the Dallas BOTB, call me (216)240-7582 or email for more info!
Steve Blake... He a _____.
haha I keep forgetting that one
Black women and young people the two key groups that elected Prez Obama
I just don't get it. The electoral college is crazy, but we put up with it. Chris, help us make EVERY VOTE COUNT! PLEASE HELP!
Aw man.
that was during a break...the concert was the best rap show I've seen in years
Getting sick of this fucking follow limit thing -_- Keep following me guys and hopefully I can follow you all back soon!
Oh come on. No word about yesterday's game?
My mom and dad and cousins are having dinner tonight. Maybe they'll bring home a doggy bag?
Starting the day off with Hannah montanna ..hell ya
Thanks for following us. Hope you can join us on Saturday at the benefit event!
Congrats for #shortyawards 4 best social media manager.
Yeah, what Bombers said!
I shouldn't be complaining, but. Americans have become to damn LAZY AND DEPENDENT (and CHEAP!!).
For all my friends ! Come to follow my bestie she also following back ! She's new joiner ~ she's ballerina
I have a BA in org admin from a lib arts program full of humanities ppl. Also a career studies cert in marketing.
Corey Campbell has 11 points and 4 assists at the half to go along with 6 rebounds. Bonus check.
was going to be the opening act for Michael Jackson during his "This Is It" tour.
Yup -- sourdough, rye, some pita, and a baguette or two
two cannibals.... was a good one. LOL
I really want some cookies. i don't have any cookies. I'll drink water instead...
When we moved a few years back, we sold almost all of our furniture on craiglist and only took a small moving truck with us
BWAHAHAHA. What I look forward too. RT "It's payback time, bitches!" - What I think every morning now that I wake my kids up.
Don't forget - we are all in the same family! All beings are one big family - we most of the time just forget that.
HAIR YOU SPECIAL!
Don't miss The Cincy Brass tonight at the Cincinnati Club Room 9 PM! A tribute to Booker T Jones and one BIG surprise!
This shit hurt like hell
I didn't know that! Awesome! I fly back on Tues, will prob go see my mom and then come back
I am done with the closet. BORING. Thanks for your prayers!
Writing something mean and then putting lol to make it less harsh.
I'm excited to watch your efforts to make the Stone Cold Godess laugh. Good luck Colbert
well...it's probably because they know who you are! :)
SHOUT ME OUT !!!
it was AWESOME. To say the least !
Personally, I think, this whole time- Rabbi Jose had it right.
" When you are Content to be simply yourself and don't Compare or Compete, everybody will Respect you. "~~Laozi( Lao Tzu, Jao Tse )
Aw no that I miss you to
hahahaha - I only accept people who have worn giant character costumes.... wait....
You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
I'll let you decide when you see the flick.
I know , i love him so much ! ;o
