Respect before Love.
Soho Gallery For Digital Art. will screen Jennifer Lahl's Anonymous Father's Day and Eggsploitation --week of January. 29th.
Phoenix Arizona A O K
. started in techstars tracking data from Akon's Myspace page...now they collect everything. Awesome!
I just watched and liked. Hope you make it. I plan to be there and then I will get to meet you in person. <3<3<3<3<3
You take a really sleepy man, Esmé, & he stands a chance of becoming a man w all his f-a-c-u-l-t-i-e-s intact. --Salinger
same place.have you not looked at the pix? or www.facebook.com/socialcyclesd?boom
Great seeing you! Sorry we didnt get more of a chance to chat -Maybe at the next one? What'd you think of the robot?
Most-Added Fantasy Baseball Batters from Week 4: Fan’s Review
Our Rum Raisin Bread Pudding will have you drooling in your sleep! Served with Crème anglaise & cinnamon ice cream!
Got Called A Fat Bitch At Work Today Ctfu .
Very psyched to hear this!
Chillin wit and
Now whatcha gone do with it? Get to it! #BB14 needs you!
thanks kylie. <3 i needed that.
EXCITED ABOUT TODAY:)
&quot;The Beach&quot;, who wouldn&#39;t want to play for that team? Go Long Beach State and your cool jerseys.
using retarded! Might be retarded #mentallyencumbered : cause that in itself is a little retarded.
How has life been treating you? Let's catch up soon.
nice seeing u last night even though it was only 2 seconds lol
Nigga don't call me -_- . You the second to last nigga I wanna talk to at the moment .
One of the older frequent Dillard's shoppers just made my day with a compliment !
If anyone wants to start a game at rio I'm sitting at an empty table and have a dealer in the highstakes cubicle thing
I am getting out of the 80's now. In-flight wifi on Delta? Who knew?
Today is the day! Start now!
Appreciate yout finding us on Twitter!
It's that kind of talk that hurts your recruiting...
Genna Petrolla mentioned Simply Betsy & Co at TEDxCLE 2012 Talks on Citizens & the Next Evolution of Cities!!! LOVE!
Will do! :) Love ya
Mark Gandler, the agent of #Caps free-agent Alexander Semin, will join and myself at 9pm only on 106.7 The FAN!
you'd have to get within 10 feet of me to even be able to find it.
Sneaking out of the office for ice cream at Scoop DeVille!
you mean like mid Roenicke presser on opening day
Don't tell me one thing and do another
are they available in the US?
Way to go New York!!!!
it's coming i promise! i can see it out my living room window here in west seattle!
thank you Kenn. We will definitely let you know. Thanks for the support.
"I want you to feel the love growing inside of me" -Beyonce Baby?........ lol
Hi ! My sister and my brother just told me that you are so pretty in your dp here on twitter :) awww i just wanna say this.
Thats cool. I done gave groupon and publix all my allowance for the week anyhow
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !
ok. Congrats.
And now we will celebrate the 4th by packing. Maybe I should have picked up some red, white, and blue tape to make it more patriotic.
have fun! better see you sometime soon :)
Uh oh...#sickness is creeping in. Impeccable timing.
Come support the Bronco's in our SkyBox Lounge TONIGHT as they battle the SD Chargers! $3 Happy Hour starts NOW!! See you soon!
I like sports and beer. Chicks like Bravo and shopping. Gay dudes like dinner parties and parades. Let em' be, let em' get married.
The good thing about this sick day is being able to catch up on #downtonabbey!
That's a deal! RT if you ever head out east we want to meet up and show you our dank
Enjoy your break everyone! FloCo will be ready and waiting for you when you get back
how so ?
well it is a pretty color, well colors!
A word left unspoken is but a token on your chest, held by silver thread, that will tarnish in the end. Leave it's mark around your neck.
& I HATE it
RT : Claiming someone's marriage is against ur religion is like being angry at someone for eating a donut because ur on a diet.
That's well appreciated my G,thanks!
Glad you're liking it. I find I get into this flow where I keep refining my search terms to try and get to a particular tone.
#NowPlaying "Keep The Streets Empty For Me' by Fever Ray
It's a song ... smh. Smile Back , check it out
:)) haha, we had 3 cars & the prom itself was so jumpin'... but yeah, Hampton. You were Howard, right? 😜
LOL "My marshmallow power core was exposed to moisture 2 days ago & began to mold. Thus I must quit the race." - Newt Gingrich
:O realllyyy? Do you know Andrew foster? David bussey? Mary Carr? Jeremy Carey? Mkay I'll DM you my #
No School For Me Tommorow :)
Top down, Led Zeppelin playing, gorgeous sunshine on my skin, going to see Today is perfect.
#Browns sign DE Jaqua Parker to a one-year $3 million deal. Guy is relentless pass rusher at times...also re-sign CB Patterson to 3 yr deal.
We are always interested in press. What are you thinking?
An insightful blog post (hopefully) will be up on my blog this evening.
Yes! Yes! Go Caps! Congratulations, Ted!
I'm so glad it's Friday!
Just a shit load of band and work, I've been really busy. I got a new phone too :)
Congrats to and for making it to the final round of the Battle of the Brands! You guys are great!
At the WilCo health department picking up a food permit. It's decorated with framed artistic b&w photos of people washing their hands.
another long night learning... doing... and encouraged.
Do you ever have live music on the show?
yep that's me
Wow, thanks! Glad you tried them out and liked them.
Exactly!!!! Like please go have a seat and read that book you wrote cause that's the only thing on your side...
Going to wait for the #EURUSD to retrace a bit then buy the dip
#Romney wants to amend the constition to OVERRULE the very things he claims should be a state issue and to take away rights.
w/e, waste of time is a waste of time. Another commercial is better than some stammering bafoon reciting random kid's names.
Thank u
A mess he tried it
NEON Go Go with DJ Wizz Kids - 3 go go dancers in black light neon!!!! you wont want to miss this one!!!
MOTHERS DAY IS TOMORROW?!?! HOLY SHIET
My bf is like my best friend<3 he listens to me, and gives me advice, he's the best.
SMH is the worst text/Facebook/Twitter abbreviation to come out since TGIF.
Now that I'm online, gonna follow all the cool Twitter people at yesterday's Google Big Tent event
Pretty sure just used logo before a, uh, bathroom segment?...umm, we'll take it? Lol
it means youre welcome:) and no worries^_^
Sweet! I want to eventually have both of these done though. Would you recommend the cartilage first?
What a douchebag!!
Made my lunch, wanted coffee so I made that but then I grabbed a Corona. Coffee < Beer Nothing like beer n sports
Or: not being open to/appreciative of all comments on your looks is a sign that you have the wrong politics, apparently
skylar followed this acct the first nite she got It. I was
NYEG (New York Entertainment Group) meeting tonight was AWESOME! Chek www.newyorkentertainmentgroup.com for info on the next meeting 8/23/11
Good things come to those who wait.
i miss you buddy!
How many days until the MLS playoffs start
If I had known that yesterday's winning horse was named I'll Have Another, I would have bet on it.
You took that spot just to deny to another, didn't you? Hahahahaaha.
Considering doing something very bad.
if we're so honorable to bury him properly why did we go in and assassinate him. He should have been given a trial if we're so 'above that'
I pushed Humpty Dumpty off the wall!
returned from whirlwind tour of Western side of the continent at 3:15a, in meetings since 7:30a; would trade a kidney for a mocha right now.
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters. The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
Hair cut by Lauren at Mask...prospective BNI member!
Day 5. Arrrrgh. So much catching up to do.
Almost some with high school life :D
You're welcome!!! :) how is the pain now?
“ Do you ever wonder what your life looks like through someone else's eyes?”
Happy birthday to Penguin!
One reflects on there birthday...If they do not...then they are a Vampire....
Hey guys please show your support by following !
We're hiring a Spanish speaking community manager and outreach specialist. Email .
in regards 2 geo based ads, I assume the recipient has 2 sign up 4 individual solicitations how is permission scaled?
hey Wasup Guys! Its da twins form chicos market(el grullo market)..U guys look like ur going far! Goodluck in all you do!!
Heaven! Is that in Shelburne?
the berries and the ginger predominate, and that way I get my greens too.
It's okay. Everyone makes mistakes. I mean you're here aren't you?
that is one ugly ol' rig you've got. It's not the worst eyesore in this campground we're in, but it's close. :P
Hopefully everyone saw The Avengers so they can come to Masters of the Universe at The Troc tonight.
your little cuz my goonie merkem city rider you kno me stop it k
Todays special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For only $6.99...
Stuck on Odin in FF13...putting it down for a while and picking up another game. Heavy Rain or White Knight Chronicles (GameFly is good!)
Really? A doctors appointment on my last free day before seph mack?
She's back Baltimore !!! A cool conversation w/ at 430pm today, as we preview Os/Yankees & chat #NFL ...
": with french fries BITCH !" Lmao, dude sthu !
Thank you for your Lenten mercy posts. So needed. : )
Entrepreneurial Spirit: IF I don't work... I don't get paid
The red Swingline stapler is jammed!
Oh hell no, he don't mean what he say ... You need to be on that #FuckNiggasGetMoney crap
sounds promising
Have a strong and wonderful day homie
Just ordered bacon for lunch....
Looking forward to attending: Training Tomorrow's Workers Today: How the Right Investments Can Make a Difference 5/22/12
I miss that too :( lol where are you
In a crappy mood today and my solution is gardening. I'm so lame.
JOIN Holli and Michael of Playboy Radio "SWING" during Tropic MiamiBeat Saturday night parties. www.siriusxm.com/playboyradio
Awesome night. See ya tomorrow #rethinkmusic Can't wait for some more awesome speakers!
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
Cool mexican joint down the street from us? Yes.
Awesome movie!
I'm really tired of the limits of merchant account API. Really, we can't call your API and capture the last 4 digits?
Sending prayers to the people of Japan.
Haha brandon painted my nails for me. :)
Ohh yes, and I are ready for the concert tomorrow! (:
I hate typos!
Aerating Your Lawn
headed to oakland
To the man on the moped today- that takes balls of steel to ride that sucker on the #405 in rush hour traffic....wait is that even legal???
Fuck the prosecutor tell em the Bugatti's new.
you are so cute...
honestly, and I don't say this to be rude, I think u r blinded to real issues with the idea that u make a difference
Happy Mothers day to everybody's mom & mine!! (: <3
of course! mainly just dropped followers who I consider spammers, but twitter does not.
Happy birthday Andy. You know, 40 is the new...something :)
I'm not signing up for more webinars with marketers: They are all a sales pitch! Defies the purpose of social communications and
great spot for being organized!
at least we have each other
s/o to all my new Followers
#FF My new wasteoids and bloods!
Totally had a great spa night at spa Roma thanks to prettycity.com
How did you do that ? Whatta shot !!
Hope you will be rockin a BXP tee there... lets go ANDY!
me:L
Especially if you love your cardiologist! RT : nothing says love like sliders, mozzarella sticks and chicken rings!
I feel like such a dork for yelling out, "Hidden Mickey" while watching The Muppets movie.
“: hi Todd, my first tweet. Xx” please follow Terri- she has the inside scoop on travel and wine!!!!
Our live music has just started. Come rock out and have some green beers
“: oh ayt! All the best with that lady :-) Its a success ;-)” Thank you so much. I know it will 
I saw an undergrad in class torrenting the textbook IN class today.
Text FOXGRILL to 38681 to receive discounts and promotions. (standard rates apply) 6 days ago
Bartschi!!!! Go Hawks go!
Thinking of all the great shows that will be played this summer by #DMB. Alpine, Gorge, WPB, SPAC, Deer Creek, etc. Can't Wait!!!
And just so a train take off towards seatac.
Eager to have YOU in Seattle! RT : Visiting Seattle next week. Meet design team for my solo show.
Massive #Torchys "Trailer Trash" taco craving!!!
Geez, I wld rather have Carol Mosely Braun than Bob Fioretti as mayor. The photo-op-obsessed Alderman needs to hang it up.
The pictures are so real and alien looking. It's gross!
It is National Police Memorial Week. That may be why.
I have no doubt its good (Jackman!) but I still cant see a trailer w/o changing RockemSockem Robots! over&over under my breath
Need a spiritual awakening! Any ideas?
Thank you very much, Matt! This is terrific
Okay but tell me when you see it .
because you chose Superman, I gotta go Wolverine, Why? He'd have the balls to hold Lois hostage and bring Supes to his knees
Heading to Hoover to get some long Toss in with
I know :D Well he is coming on monday I think.. Maybe if its a day with nothing important we go on a Justin hunt!! x
Our friends are celebrating their 10th anniversary today. To everyone in Cape Town, cheers!
love this, yes! love a big pile of delish glossy mail + letters! :) rt : Is there anything better than a good mail day?
Good morning to our new followers!
Rockport global campaign taps mobile marketing across 30 countries
When I say " So " that means I still wanna talk, I just dont know what to say.
Ice on the windshield...so this is what winter feels like!
thanks for the #FF love!
I love you so much :)
im following u now (: follow back ? (: and i <3 the same bandz u do :D
Currently watching the players in non HD like some sort of animal.
shout-out to BETHEL GOSPEL Assembly last nite & LIVING WORD Church tonite for leading the Mission's Chapel Service. YAY CHRISTIAN CHURCH
My touchpad randomly stopped working with Twitter still up.. but i fixed it ha i was screwed for a couple minutes
It goes recommended by me.
Shout out to the family w. 3 kids at security w sodas in their carry on. No really - you were so slow I got to skip the X-ray machine.
-Thanks 4 follow! ☑Out www.firmsolutionsltd.com 4 cost-effective, efficient & reliable law firm back-office solutions
i already have my pencil and notebook for notes and in my desk im ready lol
"Appointments are necessary if you wish to come to view the pianos." U of Illinois mass mail is a little weird this morning.
and u love it :)
ha haa, when do i get packing? Who's the target? :)
To ugly randy Jackson jr everything I say on here I have said to ur face so twitter doesn't give me any guts no one is scared of u
I got a tight window... That drive to the south side my kill me... Good lookin tho
ran out of spinach so i used straight kale...not my best smoothie.
awesome Flag staff!!!
Children at Artesia's Yeso Elementary School excitedly waved American Flags. For Flag Day. The Downtown Lions Club donated the flags.
Hi Danielle, I'll be sending you an email with the info I need for your profile - thanks Mike for the DM
The Amateur Millionaires Club ratings have been ASTRONOMICALl!! Thank you all so much for your support! Please Keep watching! The best...
ah nothin better then textin this kid :)
Hey Danielle de Niese says "Don't hate me cuz I'm pretty."
my economic chops arent the best. But what is proposing seems pretty radical no?
the Maloofs couldn't win in Vegas, you're odds are way worse
Learning is not compulsory... neither is survival. W. Edwards Deming
Congrats on your craftiness! Did you paint it or do something else?
Monument Lighting Thurs eve Mt Vernon Squre. Join the fun!
did you notice how all the girls on american idol are country? Look what you started :) !
I think it's time to call it a night! We will began the hunt to put the hottest energy drink in every C-Store in the country again tomor ...
OK Mark Jackson. Put the starters back in for OT. What are you thinking? If Warriors lose, he should be fired.
We need to be able to disagree without name calling
Up at 7a.m. for work, haven't seen this time of morning in a long time. Long day of work ahead
Finals are coming up all you UWers!! Take a break from the studying and help us MODEL Sperantsa beanies tmrw at Red Square
I secretly love when meetings get cancelled, especially on a Friday
hey Pixar, you can graft ads for Cars 2 to the backs of my eyelids, still not interested in seeing it. tone it down.
Private movie screeninp
I missed your hello.
She said her tits r ashy
lmfao no ill get money somehow! :p
Didn't get to see the space shuttle flying yesterday, but I'm seeing it now just parking at JFK. Just sittin' there chillen.
its chill tho 😌
Chi-town stand-up
love the voice!
Thanks EPA Administrator for a great discussion today about and the work we're doing together!
can I get a retweet from the BEST announcer in all sports?
now speaking in favor of SB 576 on charter schools. Talking with Rep Thomson on accountability and limited expansion.
Completly agree. Can't wait for Storyline!
Clearpath is hiring! We need engineering talent with expertise in virtual desktops, strong IT generalists for Clearpath Hosting (experienc…
I just saw a kid riding his dads roller bag while dad pulled him through the airport:-)
thanks Kelly! Even better, i got to work with the caveman! He is super cool and it was a great shoot. Funny stuff.
I love how chill Sunday nights are, but I hate Monday mornings.
say what
he was good on paper. In real life, no spark.
If it's likely&frequent (and I'll agree abt that),then you shouldn't need research assist to find plentiful examples :-)
you already are to me
excited to see you perform and act in a show with you girlie! See you soon! <3
Rush: Apology not accepted. Ms. Fluke -sue his ass.
absolutely man. Hope to see you out there in the trenches!
@ manuela, again I read it and felt bluster and vulgarity
lol i brought dat 4loko shit out i done had i feeling like u was finna die😲
Topher, I'm standing outside the Roxy w/o a ticket! Can you help a guy and his girl out?!
OYEA AND I LOVE YOUR RIDE VIDEO SAY BABY CANT NOBODY IN THA GAME GROOVE LIKE YOU FO'REAL FO'REAL BEEN WAITING ON YOUR RETURN.......
DailyHookahTip#143: Try using a glass screen between the tobacco and the coals to eliminates the need for tinfoil.
Audition Tip: Usually the only way a performance mistake will be obvious, is if you make it obvious that you’ve made a mistake.
Hey Ron, switch lives with me real quick.
Absolutely. “: Allow teams to ease into metrics based on social maturity - good tip to remember from #m2c”
Lo-Dawg & Go-Go are enjoying a tasty Mexican breakfast before work.
on line it says he is still in custdy
Madrocks in Derby is donating 10% of all food sales today to the Alzheimer's Association. 1821 Madison Drive Ste 100. Show your support!
I haven't watched TV on a Wednesday in a while. I usually catch up over the weekend. Haven't seen it yet. Def will.
i mostly drink coffee for my co-worker's safety.
at the buzzer to end the 3rd!
hi zephyr! follow back! and lets meet up soon!
is SO excited to learn that calmoots is connected to Bich Mihn!
See something, say something. Terrorists are gathering intel daily on ways to exploit weaknesses in our Homeland Security. Stay vigilant!
MU better not lose to Murray. That's my accountants* name. (*Bookie)
I feel like im talking to a wall.... but this isn't facebook... so would I be talking to a bird??
Oh just back to the grind! Got a couple things in the hopper that may make the week a bit more pleasant.
no, that's not me!!!
'took a smart shower after getin dumb sweaty'
don't sh me! You sh!
HOLY SHIT, its perfect.
What a cool app is. Found someone here at #DSUM12 knows a friend from
so have you fixed your hair yet?
#Euphoriclife Get on Board
Just saw you in the documentary on Pramoedya Ananta Toer. :)
It's back up for sale. Could be awhile before anything happens with that place, sadly.
Thanks for the new follower
The greatest country in the world!
FINALLY GOT POGH AS MY RINGTONE...
Great jazz last night at the Mission Street Theater: Cyrille Aimée & Diego Figueiredo. Thanks to !
tomorrow I will preside over the swearing in of #Houston's newest lawyers! With Judge Ken Wise as the keynote speaker!
well ain't got no moneys so I may have to do the alternative...
my homie marty just hooked me up with a snuggie!!! I feel like a wizard :)
he was going over. I at first thought someone was falling. I am awake now.
Reggie Bush isn't as good as Strahan when cohosting with Kelly Ripa, but he's not terrible. He has a future in tv
Too many people never get to live up to their full potential because no one will give them a chance.
Ugh What's with these Yanks????
“: yo Im at this lil competition & this group dance to girls talkin bout & I promise to god they did ya whole ending
When u just can't stop thinking about some things
Jake and Amir, the funniest ish ever...
is there food?
matter of fact, thats my favorite song, today. #onRepeat. (:
MY LITTLE PONY
thanks for a great weekend. What a club!
3 of 4 of us got the magic Golden Tickets and ancho guajillo cognac Dark Lord!
Well, I mean, tattoos are a HUGE commitment, but it's not like u have to diet the way you do for a wedding, for God's sake!
#earthquake Felt it in Toronto, Canada. Yikes! Came for a relaxing visit and might as well had stayed in Los Angeles!
who got u mad A.B??
wait i can talk an listen..... OMG I MADE A NEW DISCOVERY!!!!!!!!
Good night, friend :)))
I now have 60 followers. Thanks and I'm honored to have each of you. Have a great day.
I will always stan for chris regardless of his flaws we are all human we all make mistakes who r we to judge anyone -_-.
i hope that you have all you ever dreamed of
Matt, sure let's talk.
Fingers and toes! Good luck! You'll do great!
We greatly appreciate ur vote 4 Smile Train! -What a great orgnization! Make sure u spread the word so they receive the donation!
Damnit. Too awake for my own good!
ME & FADED WE OUT BROWSE N WHAT'S UP...
Our new CD has arrived!!!
I don't make you feel special, I just remind you that you are special. David F. Sims
#NATITUDE RT " _ESPN: Hunter Pence bashes his second home run of the night, and an army of fans is streaming toward the exits."
any time Dawson - ill be traveling first two weeks of March but maybe late march? Email me a calendar invite
plank so hard
hey are you little Chloe!?!? :D
Yeah? I haven't heard too much of Thelopious London mayne
Retweet if your tired of the stupid DMs that say someone is saying bad things about you click here
either way!
Want to chat with you about Grover Mitchell. DM me with your email address, maybe?
LOL! Friday Funny via #PRSSA RT Hoping today will be the day responds to my FB friend request. It's been 2 weeks
It's all about the #payingitforward! Shouts out to you friend!
Long but successful day of client interviews. Necessary & important step in any creative project an agency does.
Hold up wait hold up wait!
What is your biggest wish you want to come true?
Why would you put your number on twitter?! -__- smh bryan! RT 8612819 :)
What'd the point of coming to a 50 min class 36 mins late?
The day I'm run over by a taxi and better be on the sidewalk singing "the yellow ones don't stop, the yellow ones don't.."
It's hard to prepare a fabulous meal after a full day of work! is a great go-to source for tasty, quick & #easyrecipes!
Who played "Bob" in tonight's episode of The Exes?
I guess now we can confirm they don't sell Nattys at Maxis!
listening to "Ghost on the Canvas"&"Any Trouble",Paul Westerberg tunes on the last Glenn Campbell album. liked em by PW, like em now by GC!
BTW all who see this should follow crocodile logic on twitter. That's your name, dude.
he he damn I'm jealous right now. Hit us up when in the Yay
they on the grind see em on you tube and more
I always wondered where you got your awesome retro calendar - I am loving the Northwestern one, too. Thanks for the tip!!
I miss you.. #InBedTexting #Goodnight <3
just because somebody say it dont make it true..shhh you can laet anything come out yo mouth
Final Destination 5 looks amazing!
enjoying dusk the from the studio window... very pristine....
A friend doesn't contradict what you say
One of the most famous UFO organizations in the world is the San Diego-based Unarious Academy of Science, located in El Cajon....
Foundation Routine Flawless Skin (Full Coverage, Fingertips) Acne Scaring Make Up For Ever HD
Your driving me crazy, but sorry your not going to ruin my night<3
Catron u forgot the
Sitting on my patio. LOL Let me know the next time you go out. Would love to hang out.
good looking out!
And my balls are sweaty as fuck.
From now on it's South Beach Marlins, South Beach Dolphins, and University of South Beach Hurricanes!!!
RT : These poetry-packed tweets always make my day! 5 Poems by Kids about Finding a Peaceful Place...
this is what school lunch could be
You gotta bruise?
Wide awake 👎
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (6)
Agreed! RT : Bummer :( Although, I wouldn't worry about getting continued press next year!
then shouldn't you already be confident? :o
OH: "I asked Twitter, but they're not answering." OH2: "Is that like looking into the abyss, and the abyss didn't look back?"
A plot is a dot that went for a walk to nowhere.
did u get my texts?
[Reminder: hurry! You might still be able to get the group rate TODAY!] RT : just booked my room for
love you too!!:D lol
I'm in Vegas for the 1st time. I saw a movie where a guy gets roofie'd here and winds up married to ,wish me luck!
ima miss you bud. See you soon <3
ask her!
A police recruit was asked during the exam, "What would you do if you had to arrest your own mother?" He answered, "Call for backup."..
good morning beauty 😘
RT : The future of
Skim scam flam at the gas pumps--see the report tomorrow (tues) on the #CBS Evening News with Scott Pelley.
3-1 Timbers. I'm going back to practicing my log slices.
Old ppl r crayyy
#qotd: You have been very well trained to downplay any physical discomfort...be good to yourself.
ha! totally creepy!
Yep, how time flies—wow, 4 years. Congrats to you.
“: “: Will there ever be a new Modern Family on again?” Tomorrow. Stop being so dramatic! :)” Lol! :)
Prince Philip feedback delights artist
Which ? Also I'm on their email list and they spam me about 4x a day.
Honored to be photographing Glenn Scarpelli today, former kid actor: One Day At a Time, They All Laughed, etc. Awesome Pics=Career Reboot!
i know. i need to... :( why does life have to get in the way of all the fun things?
thanks for following back (:
I #beezinthetrap until further notice.
Heading out on first bike ride in almost two years. They say you never forget ...
Love hearing about cool uses of ! RT : Having a great chat with from #Tweetreach. Love them for our chats.
thanks. Hope you got some great shots.
Kobe looks a little pissed off! Good shot Blake!
Watching Anchorman right now. Cracks me up!
the last Browns jersey I bought? Green... I know Trent will be better
Head hurts! hangover <
Check out my music video packages... www.teamkproductions.com Custom options available!
Glad to be back in SHOCKER NATION!!! It's BIGGER and BETTER than ever!!!
Viruses huh. Can't live with 'em, can't run away from them.
M u cannot Monday night but Tuesday night? Depending on tech
how big? What temp? No smoke?
My eyes. They burn!
ha! You have a point ...
Quote from actress Melissa Raquel on filming IMPACT, "Thank you for everything. Since working on this film, I feel like a new person."
What to do on a Friday night? nothing.i live in roanoke.
I should have taken care of this yesterday, when I was out and about! At least I have Cherry Coke. There is hope :P
Hate when I don't have my afternoon nap.
why y'all don't open earlier!!!
I wish I had even a fraction of the talent that you have. Don't get me wrong, I think I have some talent. But you're incomparable
I think it looked pretty darn good last week! WERE YOU WATCHING???? LOL!
ugh, why did she move us?
Killer cramps!!
I assumed he was off making up for lost time with Jenna
Thanks much for the RT Dee Anna. We think Yammer is super cool...and the fact that you work for Yammer is even cooler!
San Marcos?! Hell yah! I'll go pick your ass up!
You the shitt!!!
In the true Cali "Get up & Get fashion" 2 in the stable says your in it 2 win. The question is do they hat him or him big pimpin blonds.
fthat Madrid crowd was like an entire arena of the jblock; and not just for that match. awful.
what's for lunch? RT : Finally a #foodtruck is stopping near *my* office.
Rt! Me neither!!
Long live the double standard...
No, I wish.
I love being a comedian. I am about this life.
Sad indeed. Although we should never look to NC for progress on social issues.
Smart lady. So sad.
Win, lose, lose, win! Break even day. Last win of the day, Raiders of the Lost Ark on the big screen.
great! You?
is the Michael Jackson of today
Yet we still teach our students how to communicate with us via email cuz everything else is blocked.
Thanks for all the retweets everyone!
Adventure time stickers are on the car in front of me \m/
you gotta end the song before the annoying bitch sitting shotgun changes it for the 28th time.
Thas good enough for me.
Leaving #rossmorganrager at 4am and going straight to work. That's dedication
That's true, my Vitamin D was deficient and I'm taking supplements every week.
Ben Saunders =Killer
Big man above Please Bless Old People and their slowness at Mc.Donalds
RT : "You don't need more time, you just need to decide" ~Seth Godin
congrats on the win tonight! Let me be the first to welcome you to Cincinnati!!!! Have a safe flight!!
I have some folks that are living in dallas area..also some followers in NOLA
bought 12 foot-long sandwiches, 11 cookies, and 13 yogurts from mondos
Former Spokane Indian Robbie Ross made his MLB debut tonight for the #Rangers. He tossed a scoreless inning with one K vs. the White Sox.
you guys are perfect together :)
you're telling me
ah you're gorgeous!!!
from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. (or until the truck is full).
Sometimes We All Have To Take A Leap Of Faith, And Pray To God We're Doing The Right Thing.
i'm just online....it's so borink....
#WW #wine RT Are you planning any wine-tasting trips for 2012? We've been having great weather here in Napa Valley!
Good night, twitter friends
Wish I had some canes instead of this turkey sandwich and rice lol!! 😏
two buck chuck! :)
Never let em know your next move, don't cha know bad boys move in silence or violence
how bout im not singin
Whip 'em into shape Harbs! RT : The rookies have taken the field for their first day of minicamp practice!
you're scared of Morbid Angel
i need my own tv station so i can put on artist that really need to be seen and heard 24/7...hip hop got a hood lock out right now
Drake: But first you must smell your tomato... Josh: Smell my tomato?... Drake: By pressing it with your nose with great force! LMFAO
Stop looking for a partner. Focus on yourself and rebuilding your life. Eventually the right person will find you...
Congrats and good luck with your speech, Erica!
Brother: so have to fart Adian: come on man just fart it out
downloads. Now what
Guilty conscience X2.
Who else is ready for the #Nats season to get undeway?
Neylon (Science & Technology Facilities Council, UK): ease of re-use is crucial, access is not enough.
#dhtrial nic and co leave the floor. No word.
Everybody check out my boy Mosey Galak's group Da Cream Chantilly..It's Great!!!!!
check your facts my friend. This ridiculous claim of $7.5 million in damages as been debunked. Just another stupid lie
Fish are friends, not food!
I am screwed. But I am fully dysfunctional without her so its par for the course.
I was tweaken earlier my bad man. Have u ever been wit a girl who is stuck up
I see Jimmy.. and I'm like... fuck.
Today's farmers market haul: spinach, carrots, wax beans, onions, garlic, scallions, purple cauliflower, broccoli rabe, apples...
Some People Deserve To Get Eggs Thrown At Them. Brick Shaped Eggs....Made Of Bricks =)
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow. Start doing and less talking.
that is a awesome ideal and I will certainly do it to show my support for Austin on his birthday
lol. Great to see ya :) Need to step away for a few, but let's catch up soon. Wanted to make sure #coffee c(_) flowing at
yeah udvar hazy is great..but very few NASM visitors ever go there
will do!! :) please check out our songs on Facebook and give us a like!! Thanks :)
that's so cool that your Brazilian! And your AMAZAYN too:) and I'd love to meet you too:)
boy, you ain't kidding
You the man! Love it!
#MYBAD I had big girl thangz to do but I'll see both of you this weekend :)
Klecko was on cannonball run
i have oakley snowboard pants though
I did now you text me back punk!:p
GOOD MORNING!!
So sorry you're sick! Best wishes for a quick recovery...
Had a wonderful Girls Night Out with & Ladies we Must do this again :)
I miss your face!!!!!
what do you use the App Bywords for?
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
four key findings
April 14th Lazy E Arena in Guthrie times a ticking lets get you signed up today before the price goes up. It's gonna be great
I don't have TNT. Was it another case of flying elbows?
Watching 'Birdemic.' Oh yea, be jealous. :)
Just working on paperwork. Fun.
Pulitzer prize winner, Mark Neely, speaks at MdHS at noon April 15th. His talk is on his new Civil War book, part of a 1/2 day symposium.
Made a change last night for the better!
I'm probably going to Las Palmas tonight, La Vida Tomorrow
You are not your circumstances or your situation. God's majestic power overrules any obstacle we can every go through!!
Way too cold in these shorts today
“Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now”
Finally time to sit down & relax! Let's see what's on TV!
You never tweet old man!
A $100 gift certificate to goes to... Ticket number 682060! Check your tickets, folks!!!
customer service supervisor told us today it's not their fault we went paperless just to save a couple of trees!
Brother Craig, any chance for all of your TBHH series be made available for paid digital downloads?
Thank you.
only 2 lol I think this.scares them off
Jesus fuck, we're going to get kicked out of this Bob Evans. Its wholesome as fuck.
Thanks, bro. Will I be getting a twitter tip every day?!
thanks. yep this one is for night owlish craft beer fans! see you at #Beerhoptacular Saturday!
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Point beats the clock with 3 seconds left in the second quarter. At half time the score is 6-5 Rochester.
how's the bus ride
I almost wish they had done a performance that wasn't geared toward kids. We weren't the only ones crying.
“: ... step brothers onnahood”
Tony Smotherman is Comming to the Rock House
lol that is seriously annoying me as well
This life is less than an infinitely divided fraction of a blink of an eye.
Completely get it. An admirable quality!
You got it right! The best I can do now is hair + massage on Sat b4 working a wedding :)
What helps when pitching to reports? Provide pictures. Develop a bulleted “fast facts” sheet.
Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best: Explore LI > Restaurants Print Aa Artisinal pizza: Long Island's best Be the first to rate: 0 Cl...
5 weeks from 2day I'll b on the beach down n Mexico.
the Brewers magic number is now 25!
amaya would say happy mothers day 2 bree with choclates n a kiss and i love you
Heading to the gym!
I've read (but not tried). HDMI out to projector - via an VGA conversion cord. Anything on iPad should wirelessly project. We'll see
Aw lol, appreciate it baby. wats ya name
#Flowertown ends with Ellie waking up & realizing she's still in radio. Then the horror really begins...
gears...ha
Our Annual YoungBlacksGiveBack Month continues tomorrow. Student Chat @ McKinley Tech High. Email & join us
hey thanks for following... :)
thank u Luncinda 4 sending the link~I'll look at that one as well ;))
What the fuck cuz? Do you know what happened? I just looked at his FB page, but none of the post say what happened to him.
Criteria ~ small number [6 or 7], diverse groups, does not include subject matter experts.
how come orton gets a whole season to screw up and tebow gets 1 game?
RT“ #Pisces like it when you nibble a bit.”
I hope Zimmerman never goes to jail. ❤
no hospital!
Celebrated way too early. :-(
Grumpy old double braclet winner is jibba jabberying again. Apparently he doesn't like the railbirds.
Follow me if you want to follow u cum on just a few will wen a get mention
So sad ": Disappointing news for #Marietta: Theatre in the Square suspended performances today; won't launch 31st season."
Woke up from my nap thinking it was tomorrow...
If yesterday was may the fourth be with you, the is today the revenge of the fifth?
Alright! Let's do it!
just finished my english nature powerpoint presentation...it includes me rapping in a Bear Grylls voice
maybe I should purchase my avengers tickets for Sunday in advance.
<------- cold game ..Yall know its da movement
Wish you best brotha!!
OMG just play our single REJOICE back to back...you still have time to tune in www.wecu1570.com LOG ON!
Thanks for the follow, Allison!
Michael, I'm excited to keep reading your column... Thanks for sharing!
Happy hump day!! Only a few days til Friday.
Weird to think ill be a junior
There should be much more collaboration between disciplines like journalism, art, history, design, sociology, and the sciences.
what school you going to next year ?(:
To excel at #sales, you need to learn about #psychology. Read my blogs and ebook.
Yes, it does! Gives me beautiful negatives every time.
hey, I just sent you an invite to make that collaborative adult programming board happen on pinterest
“: If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach.”// genius
Look, all I'm trying to say is that Hamilton is no bust.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do - Steve Jobs
hands up in the air, i just want the, i just want the baddest girl on my lap.
(just like the white-winged dove, sings a song sounds like she's singing...) ...
I'm sick of being sick…ah
clef: what you try never to fall off of. bass clef: where you wind up if you do fall off.
OH YEW SO KEWL
“: Big THANK YOU to #TEDxCLT Sponsors: Signature Healthcare,
places the crepe place this Friday night!
I don't see how some people hate on Niall. He's so precious and the sweetest boy ever why need to hate?
Wouldn't that be a real hoot? I'd love it!
Have a deep respect for Opera singers! There is more to them then fat ladies singing
kathy got detention for a day and i got a demerit x) one more and i dont graduate!!!!
I heard John Edwards broke his jaw.
#milwaukee We are working hard to improve! Let us know if you have any ideas!
Happy New Years everyone! With the New Year comes new opportunities- embrace them!
if I bought stock do u think I would come out even? Was about to #pressplay but I remembered ur tweet & it interrupted me
it's a secret
This has been the biggest waste of a day.
HIV Testing is the primary mission of We are a physician network trying to reduce the spread of the HIV virus and AIDS.
Does anyone else think that Rihanna always looks like an extra from "water world?"
RT : i noticed that when people's teams aint winning, they blame the refs. lol << seems that way huh
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 48
Congrats to the cast and crew of the 2011 Alum short "15:2" for taking home 'Best Horror Comedy Short" & "Best Short Actress" at Fear...
not a problem, lots of bandwagon chics out there. How r u wearing ur hair now?
I'm there tomorrow
I command you to DANCE
"Hey, I heard you are looking for a gentleman. Is it cool if he's australian,too?"
You know the smell too! Glad I wasn't alone.
we were supposed to have Jodie Foster, she backed out at last minute & we got artist famous for vagina ashtray in '70s.
cutting up and re-organizng by theme, some of my early interviews for diss. this is either brilliant or a waste of time. probz both.
Picked up my badge for the - already ran into - Let the fun begin!
"cat trap"?
Hey , why is the blue line riddled with inconsistent service and several express trains?
Success is not permanent, neither is failure.
Why, thank you, !
Who loves lucky cookies??????
Exactly!! The evil empire (Patriots) loses. RT : 0-2 post spy gate! Just saying!! Cant spell ELIte w/o Eli!! Night my friends!
Stop focusing on the bad things, and be thankful for the good things.
Today we're hosting our event "Honoring Women" at the Four Seasons for TCFV!
Why do I always have to be the bigger person?
she's had all this "work" done that makes her look awful- lip and cheek injections. its so sad.
Yehaw the weekend is near!!!
Especially good television. USA viewers often play catch-up, but the writing/acting in British comedies is brilliant.: )
Cock tease is worst than a cock block
looking for the shutout!
#FF Good peeps here folks, and entertaining
Who the fuck is a good ass rapper and wants to collab???? I need more features for this #EP mixtape ! Tweet me
OH i just remebered Jersey Shore is on tomorrow!!! WHo!!!
And after an hour of trying to download OS X Lion, I figured out I need Snow Leopard.... I didn't even need your help!
Come buy our new ep at the Clifton Heights Music Fest on April 7 at Roxx Electrocafe! Sassy will be closing out the night. Only 3 bucks!
oh yeah! Keeping your girlfriend happy is the key to a successful relationship.
RT : What do you guys think of 's new website? / library.northeastern.edu
can anyone help with press-release contacts at any of the big newspapers? like wall street, NY Times, USA Today etc.?
#twit free iPad
i feel sowwi for you
I'm in Tennessee, long ways from you :(
Archives I love: and
Word. RT : It's days like these I miss the wit of
Night baby
Alternative #bass: Warwick FNA Jazzman (maple body, active electronics, 5-string) >> strong smart sonic
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. ~ Harriet Beecher Stowe
Oh I forgot that was on. Love
2 points RT : No RT : And Matt Ryan RT : I want joe Johnson and marvin williams out of Atlanta
Girl, I'm so happy that ur K.I.M.! You are an inspiration for me. Proud of u and the weight loss 2. That's a big 4u N 2012
who can I contact regarding events and hospitality positions?
pretty much action and scary ;)
haha. How in the world did i do that. not even close
just sent dm w/ loc of easier/closer mtg spot.
lol yeahh and you can never go wrong with that store (y)
What to think about *before* committing to a #PM certification journey now on
ive been getting messages saying ppl are talking about me and then people saying im talking about them i dont even know these ppl im srry
meetings would be so much better if you could still be at them.
I made it
That was some dime that Andre Iguodala just dropped!
What if all your heartbreaks, your worries and insecurities showed on your skin... what would you look like?
Tired of paying too much? We save you #money on your auto expenses through
I really need to pee ...
Hey all! There's still time for and 1/2 price martinis at the Scholars Inn!! We hope to see you there.
I just finished a 7.59 mi run with a time of 1:14:34 with Nike+ GPS.
Commit to the NO EXCEPTION POLICY!!! Every single day focus on your goals and take decisive action.
lol u always say that and we never end up hanging out!
You don't need to read any book in order to enjoy our February #SexyResults show, but you should still read 's Massive.
Andre Ethier drives in Kemp, with another RBI. #Dodgers lead 2-1 in the 6th.
I feel like a lot of females have been in their feelings lately... It must be the cold weather or because it's close to Christmas time
I hope to God you're right...
Where's the link Ronnie? I will retweet it as well. #followfriday, God is Good today and Everyday, not just Fridays.
You give him your everything, but he gives you nothing.
I just got the latest book in my favorite series (Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde). Last came out in 07. Anywhere I can find a recap?
FLORIDA MEMBERS have you signed up to participate in the Member Appreciation Contest? You have until this Sunday to let the manager know!
Would say worse than that: so many novices given extra-curriculars and toughest teaching loads. Crazy.
on NW Sports Tonight at 6:10 to talk Timbers
Met you at The Actors Network way back, out of about 100 thank you letters I've sent, you were the only one to send one back.
I think if this is an important thing for y'all, it's probably worth actively recruiting underrepresented folks
Awesome plug for on Conan tonight - Dr. Bugs was rockin' some Ant Pants.
congrats, that's great. it is such a well written show
Hey, Eric Church, are all yer songs kick ass?? I believe they are ...
Have fun studying! Good luck on your finals :)
oh yeah, i forgot I only exist when you need something
In order to unite all women, Adele's exboyfriend must make an album called "I Dug Her Til She Gained Weight and Stopped Sucking my Dick"
isnt it always
oh i know i was just gonna tell u that alex followed :D looool. goodnight (:
lol naw j/p to chill
oh thank you ! I use Oil of Olay ...
“: anybody tryna get a twitter cypher goin” let's do this
Don't remember the last good night of sleep on a wenesday
didn't hear that at time, but agreed
haha dang. ain't nobody feet pretty. miss you pretty cheeks (:
I hate to do it, but I think I have to finally admit the fact that I had no idea who Clarence Clemons was until he died.
There's a strong chance I just made a batch of chocolate chip cookies simply because I felt like eating the batter. M.
Okay...my phone is quiet now...
“: Oh Charles.....”atleast hes the guy on top
hahha it's only a lil lighter && my eyes looks brown in that pic wth haha
Taking my mom to for her birthday tonight. I feel it's my duty live-tweet all 2 hours and 40 minutes of it
Thanks for your patience and we'll let you know when the site is back up and running so that you can download your copy of
"what grade are you in" "7th" " what are you talking to a 7th grader" "I Dan e with her" "so I here your an amazing dancer?"
Thank You! : We had such a great time on Saturday with all of our amazing tutors. We hope you enjoyed National Volunteer Week!
Witnessed a drug deal for the first time. The guy looked guilty af.
#whyiwrite to share and watch my imagination blossom
Ugh, a careless pass and a stupid foul. C'mon ! You can #BeatTheHeat!
So awesome! “: TMI? Rocking my pasties courtesy of liquid courage and eyelash glue. No pics, but it is happening.”
ha. That's perfect.
took me awhile too lol
COME OUT AND BE A CREATURE FOR A GAME!
Hungry af!! I want sum spagetti and fish oh n a big fiyer az salad wit a glass of.... Fukk it ill settle for a beer
Isnt there a single motherfucking day the bitch ass Justin Bieber fans aka "Beliebers" flood twitter with reatrded shit about that asshole?
lmao I bubbled in Y.O.L.O. On the scantron and I wrote the lyrics to At Last by Etta James
builds their TV's with cheap Mexican labor but won't stand behind their workmanship, Shame on you ActionItemTSTL
TWEET ME QUESTIONS WITH #ASKTYLER :D RT!
thank you for being such a great audience member. Though I wish you would have jumped in!
- Hi, thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! What a fantastic website - makes me want to cook again!
I want Obama to require the insurance companies to provide for free Viagra too!
Thanks Mike!
The Non-Theatrical Military Film panel (inc ) booting up. Anna Froula: showing news reels of "WASP training" in WWII
To, is turning Thompson Hotel into a fucking zoo! U all aren't ready!!!
Can't wait for #actorfest!
loll well see being cute is trying to be like you
Jamming to Najee My point of view Album
Where's the discussion about illegal immigrants in the US who are from places like poland, ireland, france, slovakia, india, china?
Really? I don't know about relative racial/ethnic breakdowns in the two disciplines.
8 innings. 6 hits. Pitcher duels are like the cliff notes version of a baseball game.
Nothing says "I'm a fat ass" like wearing a T-shirt in a swimming pool. Lol
girl, you and your sister have some major promo blood in you (the real (true?) kind!)
Why you need to do well in school: So you can become a TAX SLAVE for those who didn't do crap. adultwellness
Pertinent highlights... The 411 on School Bus Accidents and Your Safety
Boy I'm loving u in those glasses lol. U know who u are!!!
Did your man make you watch the NFL Draft last night? What show of yours do you make your significant other watch?
Separating old/new product with plastic wrap in the same container
me too bro i swear it a hole new damn world!
Pierre Thomas is a rockstar!
Welcome to the #Browns family! I'm sure things are crazy now, but once you get here you'll love Cleveland!
For what concert? TIcketmaster and Live Nation I think works on electronic algorims.. kinda like how tm was with l'arc.
XD that movie is great!!!
Crap, just now watching the Ligue 1 games. Had no clue Montpelier Man City'd me....
Tim, I'd love to have you on my show to share your experience in Haiti and talk faith and football..let me know if you'd like 2
“: I have full service and all my wifi but my instagram will not load! 😠😡👿 #ineedinstagram” same here!!
I'm so hungry .....so so so so hungry......& I want a f'n burger not another protein shake!!!!!!!!
yess of course, lmfao i love u ;)
Success - Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
its pretty bad. hopefully they will be shut down soon
love the honesty in this tweet haha
webster hall: I'm so there! all the way from San Francisco - stoked!
of course god did not make man to be with one women, hence the penis
#dhtrial so if they give 30 minutes notice to paeries and they are only working until 2pm then they only have 15 minutes to make a decision.
Agreed! Useful info in a new format! RT: “: Thanks so much to Emily Hogue, & for a great #AskAg chat!”
thats usually me... :)
I'm all lost in the supermarket.
It is to be feared that many have little knowledge of the enemy that they carry around with them in their bosom. -John owen
Seems like i was more interested watching the KU-MU game then the Super Bowl.
Monday is Industry Night- 25% discount to guests who work in the restaurant industry. Take the night off & come join us!
All 3 palettes are on hold for me at Nordstrom Rack - can't wait to pick them up later today!
follow back? please..
Rondo could do that every time if he so pleases.
who needs mega millions anyway when we have each other?
your plots & character development completely makes your work stand on its own. There are very few ff authors who can do that
part of me is dissapointed in the choices i've made recently.
Damn she's amazing. Love my girlfriend
LMFAO SHE GOT SCUURRRED SHE DELETED HER COMMENTS ON FACEBOOK
Looking fwd to rockin the drum kit this Saturday night at the Ottobar with my band Condor. We open for the Unknown, and Grey March.
Chris Rock should have hosted.
Is going to pop any soon! But I still say she looks sexy as a pregnant Celeb!
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <33
Vieques was one of my all time favorite vacations. I wonder if it's been developed further since my last visit
Def. no Schumanns, thx, but rly would hate to be host to the JS Bachs' family vacation (beds for HOW many?!).
That's All I Really Wanna Do 1) To earn money without working. 2) To love without being hurt. 3) To eat without getting fat.
thanks for fallowing
hasn't even tweeted once yet, but he still has almost 28k followers
this is our other twinsie>>>> Anna Wintour vs. P'Trique Stare Off!: via
It's going to be good tomorrow Dont miss out!! 10:30a if ur in Las Vegas!!
#2 "Do you think I can read 208 pages in three days? I have a book report due Monday."
Didnt know poop was going to be such a focal point when I decided to have kids
At the Mix Lounge in georgetown. Just saw a jazz band that was SO Twin Peaks!
Congratulations to ! You win a free t-shirt of your choice.
haha I know. I just had to respond. ;)
Quote for the day: "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."
hey do u have a twitcam cuz if u do i need help making one
That would be great. Are you available Wednesday at 10am PDT? And can you follow me and then message me your contact info?
Stop... too awesome
Learn lots! Tweet lots. :)
Thanks. I didn't know enough about Bill to understand his comment.
My best friend flirts with me sometimes everyone.
crazy Indiana weather...
Hi Geri, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
#BeastieBoys to be played at #SFGiants and #Mariners Games tonight - Amazing the influence a NYC Band had on the West Coast
Meeting w/ community leaders to plan the 2012 Mayor's Day of Service for the East Region focusing on healthy sustainable food access for all
My broker is raving about ! I will be visiting soon!
Yankees are the best #twins v
I hope Wendy is letting you perform!
you can never cross the ocean if you dont have enough courage to leave the shore.
Exciting announcement! #TFFOC will be held at Landmark Theaters Olde Town Stadium 14 in #Arvada!! June 24 - 25
you should do both :) Compete in the amazing #StartupMadness competition and cover the event too!
1 more till my birthday.... I can't wait....
Corrupted and theft!
Now I get a call from her tellin me she want to see me again
sometimes i just want to be left alone. but nobody ever gets that.
A: Kermit the frog's fingers
No worries! It's always great tweeting you!
correlation (big data analytics) of Building, Energy & Social Human processes solves the biggest #smartgrid equation: continuous engagement
Im so excited to see KCA's toonight :D !!!!!!
Thanks ! Great seeing you! Big things to come :)
Obama - 1st sitting pres to support gay marriage > Romney - having to apologize for bullying a gay student in HS
you've fallen into my trap once again Jannene (and by the way I had to google you to figure out how to spell your last name..)
lol I know man I gotta do better huh ;)
Where did you c it?
Watch Ch 5 Tues. Nick Russo, Pres. of Friends Group is interviewed about the Race. Set your TiVo tonight! Thanks Nick!
One last #FF ladies and gents ---> for being a great new place, & , for ROCKING it here today!
I think my day is made.♥
Come join us and this Thursday March 29th at the Tree House in Tulsa ,Ok .
the assessor's in Boston's 1790 taking book spelled Paul Revere's name wrong. You'd have thought they would have learned it by then.
when I blowdry my hair, I look like someone who just got struck by lightning.
Happy Veterans Day and Happy 11/11/11 from SPI Study Abroad!
Nothing is impossible.
Thats not very nice DOLL
Thursday night should actually be kind of exciting for BC fans with the suspense over Kuechly and no clear indication as to his destination
While the weather's nice take a walking tour of the neighborhood. Discover historical sites, teach map skills or organize a trash collection
#Fridayreads The Raising by Laura Kasischke
Pool with Mom and sissy(: Chick fil A tonight<3
I know you don't love me like you say you do ! [DON'T]
know the feeling'.....z
I clean up the table messes. Never the floor.
Sometimes we don't realize the blessings we have...
Derek Jeter's 500th Career Double.
hell yeah lol
From across the Pond RT “: May I just say, the more I look at America, the more amazed I am by Barack Obama. Well done mate.”
finished up Directors meeting,and ready for weekend.
hey at least you got child proof chocolate milk tonight for free
And thus begins my "two months of mobile" at work. Pretty excited to dive in head first.
Favorite off season activity is....
Check it out at amazon.com
changed yr avi. Did not recognize you :)
nigga just be chillin you know me...
God damn I don't think I did good on my math exam :/ ugh I guess I'll worry about it next semester
hahahah its so sad cause its true. I'm sorry.
#petpeeve go out of my way to help someone and let em use my stuff and now there 2 good 4 me... Well if it wasn't for me u wldn't b there...
Classical music helps me focus when doing school work
Not sure...might have been checked out at the gym...maybe...or she was checking to see if I was dying...Yeah, she was checking on me.
As a child?! Pshh....it's still the best game ever!
its too easy, You either with Me, Or YOU NOT*
The rangers should have won this game along time ago
will let you borrow my brain for five seconds and just be like dude, can�t handle it, unplug this bastard
It is interesting to watch participants edge up to abstractions (potentially modelable objects?) and then shy away almost immediately.
One more shot
I hate this class so hard I'm thinking of changing my major.
u did a great job last night!!! Thx for the help
And what does that make Arsenal? Wannabe cunts?
Me: you're not wearing underwear are you? Erin: nope. This dress is so long. I'm like a nun. Cc
We had so much fun celebrating #Halloween with you on #Saturday! Thanks for the fun times...Stay tuned for what's up this week!
Please tell me you guys will be published in Google Currents just like It is my favorite way to consume news.
Oh, you can rap your favorite part of a song without messing up? How gangster of you.
an amazing day to come
Fuckk yeaah , my mom got pancakes from Dennys ! :D
A9. I used to flirt and get myself in trouble. These days, I'm too busy to be on so much, hence less trouble!
last day i can tweet you and get noticed </3 hope not D:
Toodaloo, Dita. Let's face it, girl was not in the same league. Especially not with Ms. Latrice taking us to church! Can I get an amen?
you know you're up early when the cat wont get up with you.
Not that Virginia Republicans are any better. They just passed a "personhood" bill for zygotes.
Gotta go to Physical Therapy for my shoulder this morning, then let my new personal trainer whop my ass!
Big loss for Badger football. He was the brains behind the offensive machine. Who decides on the replacement? Barry or Brett?
you guys rock! Great cust service. Thanks for the help!
Will be tweeting this morning about today's colonoscopy live stream that a client is hosting. Excited! Hope you can join in
Twelve Syllables: Let me know if I annoy you with my crying. (from "Unpublished Artifacts" by Nicanor Parra)
"you know what your problem is, Estes?" "I love too much, 1sg?"
Convivial cocktails with neighbors on the porch, 25-degrees chilly! Hot Bonnie's warmed us (6 hot water, 3 whiskey, 1.5 lemon, 2 tsp Agave).
GUESS WHAT?!
can't sleep like always......fml
Excited about our great classes this year! Have you checked them out yet? Visit our website at mjti.org.
Happy Burffffday to the beautiful stranger !
thanks but its okay I'll be fine
Don’t forget, we’re open late - call us today and schedule some #MEtime!
The exact silence: The clear light behind my mind; My voice before birth.
Have you had any good ham sandwiches lately? When is your next haircut appointment? How about those Milwaukee Bucks eh?
hell yes!
Aww, ok. I'm having dinner w/ Candace () at a place just off I64 about 6:30 if that might work for you instead...
Hello too ^^
Is all the audience expansion from Lijit exchange based? Did anyone catch that?
Capitals score and the series is over.
"Welcome to your life. There's no turning back." -- Tears for Fears
Liane - seems like things are really coming up all around to clear out the old fear patterns!
Watching the Hulk
CHEESES CRUST I'M GOING TO PIZZAS
You wish!!!! I am going to have to put u in check Friday!!!
Oops, that took longer than expected.
Having issues with Texting at the #MGMGrand during #WPPI ? Turn off your WIFI and only use 3G - Much better!
Actually I just don't wanna see you
“: Best damn tweet all day!!! RT It's better to lose a love than to love a loser.”
MPD looking for dark mid-sized sedan with missing passenger mirror and likely damage to front end. Car involved in hit and run of officer.
nah, never did State Patty's actually. but sure.
I would have looked like a star tonight if I played for the heat
Totally wiped out. Came home and did work for an upcoming wedding. My brain is fried. Want to snuggle with doo, but he's in lego land :)
Don't be so quick to run from your problems. Learn how and when to battle
I sorry D:
thanks for the rt!
That makes a lot of sense! I'm pretty down w/ that.
aw Text me 6464992965
can't wait for monday night going to be AMAZING !!!
When looking at #housing communities, do you prefer gated or non-gated? Why?
this made me lol
Jimmy eat world's bleed american album is seriously a timeless masterpiece of the "alternative" genre. Amazing.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW. 6 SECONDS LEFT.
you guys are killing it!
Good Morning Twitter (:
Had a very small intimate audience tonight in Lake Balboa but had more fun than we have had in a long time! Thanks Aero Squadron!
Tweet of the day! RT Just saw a woman who looked like Tyler Perry when he's NOT in drag
LOL, love it
I'm good foreal, smh it's your fault.... shoulda texted me... you have my number
Oh dear.
Kindlegraph. Lots of authors will be at SXSW promoting their books and I want to give them a good tool to use for digital signing.
did I just out myself..? Yes, yes I did. Whoops
that's gonna be bad, I wanna add to my side
Shoulder injury? Avoid upright row, barbell bench, and overhead press.
End of the second period, and OKC STILL scoreless. Live from the (:
thanks for the tweet!! greatly appreciated..how can we help you?
Totally did not see this rain coming! Walk cancelled with and we are bummed!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're pinching anyone who isn't wearing green - watch out! You may be next...
There is so much heat out right now and it's not even summer yet. I wonder which deep/soulful/funky #housemusic joint is gonna run it.
Seriously, I know there was mold because I'm allergic and I was very sneezy.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you even look at my bby.
are you making the pizza?
good lookin out!
I'm glad I stayed home. I'm having a banging ass lunch, lmao.
Good night. Sweet dreams. =)
I'll be in Pleasanton for a week this summer for training. No dates confirmed, but would love to meet up.
I could imagine =)
why are you up so late?
If you're smarter than your boss, act as if you're not. Give discreet flattery & pretend to seek his advice, otherwise be an entrepreneur.
After I pick them up from the guy in Titusville. :)
yes very!!! Cant get use to a certain type of weather...more or less dress for it lol
Good luck cuz!
Jealous I can't hangout with you and Colton.. I love and miss you both
24 Shake Weights?
txt messaging is declining cuz you can't send links!
Aw shit need to figure out I'm not the marriot wit a wake up call service #cptime in effect
Hm what to do today
Finally back in LA it was great to hear some real music at sxsw in Austin! Nice break from uninspired electro pop and talentless noise :)
RT "Winners never quit, and quitters never win" - Vince Lombardi
Just wondering, who wouldn't want Montee Ball at their party?
has unofficially self-diagnosed herself with a case of whiplash from a hair-styling accident. I think I need a neck & shoulder massage now!
you shoot me down but I won't fall..I am titanium.
Don't cry for them if they won't cry for you; And don't fight for them if they won't fight for you
love you and the show but it's epitome (a-pit-o-me) not ep-a-tome
& he rose on the Sabbath...
Localization Cost Savings Best Practice 3: Last minute translations can break the bank in a localization project.
It's one of our favorites here too ;-) Just in case you think we don't have something for everyone, haha! Have a great weekend!
I bet all of the 5+ organic-looking bracelets is wearing has a story. I would like to hear them.
Brad Smith is a class act.
Really? The day goes by faster when I'm busy!
Vball Matches tonight are ON.....yes, Like the ever popular Nintendo game Donkey Kong.
meeting with and #Pinkberry!!
Fighting to keep it real
(AP) -- Spokesman says Dick Clark, longtime host of `American Bandstand,' has died. He was 82. Clark had been slowed since a stroke in 2004
looks like a nail-biter! ; )
Being a graduate with no Graduation wish list
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
dry rubbed bacon is the best way to start a Sunday!
I'm going to practice tomorrow! Coach had told me if I don't go he's gonna' cut my hair :( LOL!
for sure. try a citrus olive just so you can share my pain.
And no salad suggestions...That's too obvious and mainstream :|
Tune in to tomorrow at 6pm EST for our latest Changing Planet town hall! Discussed: climate science, impacts and solutions.
If Butler shoots 25% from the field they win.
Love is not a thing you can do,when you do other things love will happen
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: BBQ via Men Wielding Fire.
When NOONE answers your phone calls <<<<<<
Needed: Good home for majestic, hand-raised Rhode Island Red rooster. Vegetarians preferred. :-(
right especially because all they said was that there are reports of a shooting.. I was like no shit reports an hour ago
Consumer interaction at is a communications function supporting marketing, sales, and other business units.
All i want for christmas is you ♥ ...
NFL lockout over?
I like how the camera just panned by the public library on tonight's episode of Once Upon a Time.
Thanks for reading, ! :)
Dear Netflix, you're not worth the raised price. Shoulda tried comin with an A-game selection before diggin deeper in pockets. -Disgusted
thanks for k d mention- have a great week
Have you tried BigOven lately? We've added RecipeScan - just snap a photo to enter a recipe, Menu Planner & more...
Thanks! I'd be happy to contact someone at the school if that's easier. Would love to know how it's used too.
nice! Dinner? Drinks? Both? :)
Really Sears? Thanks, I'll check that out. I haven't been to Sears in awhile.
RT About to be down oakland faded-- I'm Tryna get like you
we were thinking that you'd be pretty excited to be contributing to a scholarship fund, that you wouldn't take a discount?
Show your advocacy support & join C2EA in DC during the International AIDS Conference July 24th to demand that the US fully implement #NHAS!
whatever happened to Dixie Peach?
I'd love to give ya some tatt work Lady.I'm right here by the Prudential Center in Newark NJ.Keep on doin' you.
Great Day 1 here in Orlando! Lot of talent on hand and they are working hard and playing harder. Day 2 is going to be a great one as well!
I have lots of friends that are Filipino. Very cool. I can probably bring a LOT of business to you!
SOMEBODY in the great city of New York answer me this: Where the heck is Ryan Gosling and why have I not run into him yet?
well for you but to her im just a child lol
can post Part 3 now(;
Steal away - hope it can be of help.
yes! Or Nelson Cruz
Today I saw Elise Martin getting a piggy back ride from some guy. Yes, Elise Martin is now a social butterfly.
RT : IF YOU KNOW YOU LOOK GOOD !
Lord give me the strength .
dey dnt even trip i work at a hotel aint nun but 2 of us hea
(NWS) SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING FOR SOUTHERN OTERO COUNTY AND NORTH CENTRAL HUDSPETH COUNTY IN SOUTHWEST TEXAS UNTIL 10:15 PM.
Yes, I do!
What's it like to be a total sex god omfg.
Tickle Fights Ensue!
The Start-up of You is so inspiring, telling others. It helps break through the brick walls.Thanks for putting this out there!
Hmm who can I be...RT Halloween sat oct 29-celebrity cemetery start planning ur costume. rumor will be amy winehouse?!
sorry Mrs. Lanney but i don't have time to read
meet me on the corner where u watch me smoke cigarettes and lets sell our bodies to older men ps. bring pumps and red lipstick
Michael Jackson was Anorexic, Impotent, a Nazi Sympathiser and in Love with Whitney Houston, Says Former Bodyguard
Sounds Great! Thank you!
Thank you, likewise.
Where were you tonight ? I gave you my Mac & Cheese recipe and you don't need me anymore?lol We'll be May 5th!
Actually, I think they really do want to keep you scared. Because intense emotion tends to make one stupid.
story was not good.
that is creepy but it's all fake lol
I think the hardest part to lose weight is commitment , believe in your self :) yes you can !!
Jazz is the only music in which the same note can be played night after night but differently each time.--- Ornette Coleman
John "The Biscuit" Cage: "Men lie to get women into bed. Women lie to get men into matrimony. Those are the simple facts of life."
Just watched Walk the Line. Ehh, take it or leave it. Liked the version with Jamie Fox better.
No, not sad. :-) I still have several hundred more that I am not getting rid of! These are just ones I don't ever expect to use.
Paulie's Acoustic on Thursday in West Allis, Dukes Country Saloon Friday in Kenosha, and Hog Wild in Onalaska, WI. Fun Week !!!!!!
cool I think you are funnier than Connan was He is funny now though
I'm starting to get pissed at the guy behind my house shooting a gun. WTF
Taking everything day by day, and trying to make the best out of every situation.
Baby Jebus please let it move faster... Amen.
Hey! Thanks so much for the RT. Much appreciated! We need to catch up.
you really need to start pitching better.....just sayin....hello...we need a closer!
Clark Co wins the 10th Region Crown
*flash mob clap* leggoo
Writing a song called in this place with and it is changing our lives
RT-Dropped a razor and cut all of my hand// Ouch, sorry! Hopefully we don't have to amputate...
dislikes the song "Money Honey" more than all of the other songs on "The Fame".
