Joe Watkins on MSNBC: "It's a victory for America". No. Bastard.
Yeah, me too. Luckily I think it was just due to some funky food I ate; it seems to have resolved on its own. Huge relief.
Twitter on this phone is sweet.
Good thing Im single. Thanks to I have a site to look for a vendor in the future. Maybe...
Article Marketing - Three Easy Tips to Create the Most Compelling Titles for Your Articles
Ok I don't get it what do I do if I want to say something about some ones tweet do I reply or retweet? I'm so lost
It's hard to tell these days if people are terrorists or conceited.
i know i'm wrong. forgive me pa!
wouldn't sweat it. It had more to do w/ people being anxious to hear ur decision so impatience set in. They'll get over it
it was a pretty intimate show. All acoustic
which was your favorite tonight during #fashionstar ?
We would like to take the time to Thank everyone who made it possible. Without our amazing supportive customers/fans we wouldn't be here!
Just when you thought the #brewers were gonna have the #1 play on Hamilton has to go and hit 4 home runs...jerk.
I wonder why the #WashingtonRedskins selected
Not me-- but 2 allegedly surly looking youths have stoked them into a property-protecting rage worthy of a David Lynch movie.
Who are you more of a fan to? RT for Austin Fav for Justin Tweet me something if you just can decide!
Just had a fantastic meeting with about the New Event. More to follow in the coming days...
follow us
where you at though
......hahahahahaha! you're too stupid!
How are ya???
#ewa12 is gonna be awesome! see you tomorrow!
Thank you Daddy God for ya grace and mercy thank you affirming me
Snuggling with the puppy before a very early 3am alarm. Rough turnaround after working normal hours the last few days!
"mama said nothing good happens after midnight" lol if its just 2 people chilling I don't think its alright
I'm sorry I mean I love all the crews but MWC or Elektrolytes really deserve to win <3
come on stupid penalty im def gonna have a heart attack
On way to NYC
Usher is going for that Euro disco crowd with this track
yea ... If that were my daughter shed stay indoor forever lol!
Just finished booking my ticket to Dallas, Texas this summer. I am looking forward to my travels.
Coaches are masters at making half time adjustments. We are in double over time when it comes to eliminating CROWN first tackles.
FACT: Kissing burns 6.4 calories a minute...
Citrix Engineer needed for either Contract, Contract to hire, or Direct Hire. All levels needed for growing clients!
I had one of those once upon a time..
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwoods.
like, i would cuddle my teddy right now except the love it radiates is superficial and plain and Mike Kelley helped me understand that.
Watched an episode of and remembered how much I like the show - hurray documentary evidence!
This movie is scarier than any horror movie i've ever seen. #jumanji . wtf abcfamily ??
bringing in 6 mos. of free rent for tenant clients is proving easier than one thought!
I don't like when ppl do my laundry. That's how you loose/shrink your favorite shirt
are they original songs? :)
I think you could set Robin and I down in nearly any city and we'd find the dive bar.
Second Half begins USA 0, Mexico 1.
I have a canon powershot and really like it. Easy to use and takes great shots.
Last day of vacation-- back to work tomorrow! Going to Half price books new location in brookfield.
I hate writing lists. They only reveal the big picture and cause more stress.
Thanks for all the love everybody. Make sure you check out my mixtape titled " The Seed". New material from me coming soon.
You never really stop loving someone… you just learn to try to live without them.
" -- NEEDS WORK ON A LINCOLN LS" - ok, DM your #. Will hit you up this weekend
It was awesome meeting with you guys at your concert! Any advice for an aspiring singer? Moving to Nashville in the Fall!
I hope creator doesn't get fined or thrown in slammer, either. This has stirred up my interest in the "real."
Today is Circus Day. The Barnum & Bailey Circus was formed on this date in 1881. It joined with the Ringling Brothers Circus in 1907.
Star Wars.
Why does it seem like everyone upset with me cause I choose to let the Lord handle this situation instead of taking matters into my own hand
He want that cake!
Can't. Stop. Reading. #countofmontecristo #hooked(again)
Dinning Room Set $ 279.- HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! up to 65% off !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
LETS GO BIRDS!!! Should be 3-0
Did eat u said u wasn't gone do no more smh
Time to die.
Why is Chipotle so damn good??
I never got the point of rappers & entertainers having a huge entourage. Whats so good about having a bunch of useless people around you?
make sure you go the #extramile it is always a less crowded road!
all night ?
I love you. Thank you so much for inspiring me and telling us to always follow our dreams! Please follow me.
If I was there I'd back you up! :(
they recently wrote that Nancy Keenan was stepping down cuz she didn't think y fems were in the fight, when that's so not true
with our logo? let's talk ;) RT: If I get "F R Y S A U C E" tattooed on my knuckles, do I get free LBB for life?
Hey JJ -- you came up in my Twitter feed and wanted to say hello. How's Nashville?!?
wait, wait...HOLD DAFUQ UP. Zayn has officially admitted that hes back wit Perrie!?!
Mr. Clean magic erasers saved my life, my wallet and my bathroom floor.
Ha! True. Let's just say I'm the same age as everybody else from now on. ;-)
That sucks :( good ass movie too. I'd flip if that happen to my Fight Club lol
Annapolis is overflowing with support for the arts in Maryland at the 14th Maryland Arts Day!
justin and those leather pants will be the death of me .
Great buys in #Orlando. Housing market heating up!
BCS title game: 9 point first half and no. 1 can't get passed midfield. Thanks BCS...
Oh ok!
I had dreams about corn bread
haha. With a beard like that, it's no surprise he wins the wikipedia disambiguation battle. My own rivals: mostly sportsmen
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense
When you know someone is lying, it becomes entertainment.
I love Coach Carter. I could watch it everyday and it wouldn't get old
I just bought a shirt that says Team Snooki down the shore . :)
I love life in general...sometimes it gets u down though
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
what is a side nigga?
and the award for 'best dressed in class' goes to ..,
Lol I'm retarded.
Happy birthday <3 you are such and inspiration<3
It is better to give than to receive
needs more followers...come on and tweet me! :-)
I can report that the Russian Imperial Stout means business.
whoa, whoa, whoa. why did it take me this long to follow !?!?
You have come here to this life for a reason, & the purpose is to #discover as much #LovingKindness as possible. What #purpose is greater?
Cut five vocal tracks for the new CD and just got back from a great run.... it was an awesome day!!
You're so fancy today.
"Dats my chick" by feat. RT : WHATS YOU FAVORITE SONG ON THE RADIO????
You ARE social media!
Late nights listen to some Janis as I drift into dreamy unconsciousness
Hi , we should connect and share ideas on recruiting! Go #ADP and Go #TheRightThing!
I LOVE YOUR TEETH SO PERFECT AND WHITE AUSTIN!!!! I CANT BELIEVE!! i have never seen you without braces...
Testing out some Sass to implement in my next project.
Working with Steve at SKGraphicDesign - He's Awesome! Check him out!
come supoort #NABJ and #PRSSA on thursday for the event what is PR anyway ? CHECK OUT NEW AVI
Think of the last time #you tripped. You didn't trip the exact same way again, did you...? You probably haven't fallen the same way either.
#cataloging a box of dusty newspaper front pages from 1980. New York was pretty intense back then, eh?
Jobless Claims Tumble to Lowest Level Since 2008:
A couple of days ago it was 60F. This morning is 23F. Apparently nature doesn't understand gradual acclamation.
For #christmas I just like having family time no gifts needed @ all... Family is more important than gifts any day...
Wishing everyone a Happy Holi!
haa. I see you got some pudding ;)
"hell yeah we have a substitute teacher!" "EVERYBODY SHUT UP AND SIT DOWN!!!" "OH SH*T!" O___o
& plus, she got me a car for graduation. The one I wanted, she's the best ever. :)))
RT : #ltny LegalTech NY starts tomorrow. Don't miss all the excitement! See you at The Hilton New York Hotel!
Best back in the day cafe this week!
What a week for eating...MarketHouse tonight, Joe's on Wednesday, Farmhouse Tavern on Friday and possibly Avec on Saturday. Wow!
you seriously call that first shift?
thanxxx a lot for your support!
looking forward to your tweets for
I'm 100% positive this show is going to rock my world. Can't wait!
It is very classy indeed! Are the students taking to it? (This librarian clearly needs to get her nose out of the Gaylord)
The Applications Are In: CCOs Will Be in Every Part of Oregon - The Lund Report
Happy Holidays! Catching the Spirit!
Stop by our booth #736 at the NWFA wood floor expo this week in Orlando FL.
We're so lucky to have had 50 years of delicious Chocolate Shoppe ice cream in #Madison!
I thought so. I just read a great book where the author talks about her experience with them. I think it was them.
Celebrating 's big 2-1 tonight! Gonna be a good time.
Spent a good portion of today finding a a new shelving or storage unit. Nothing temporary this time- finally had success!
I love Kevin Young's game.
That feeling when you want to tell someone something but you're afraid of what might happen.
be glad when have my little cousin .
Hey this is Maricarmen fill free to call me anything please keep bad comments to yourself (: ~ Maricarmen
Live and direct. Shout us out any guests you want us to get on the show. Feel free to DM away. Thanks as always for tuning in. J-Luv
most cases of cervical cancer are easily treatable if diagnosed early (Wikipedia, 2012)
The paperwork to open a distillery of our size is mind boggling. The TTB folks are REALLY helpful though.
TGIF the 2 springers are plotting against me eyes heavy glazed; jaw stern, lips sag in disgust not the usual FU let go smile heavy
via : Trying to figure something out...
Murray updates please!!
Here&#39;s to hoping the Philadelphia Eagles got this pick right
im wit it bruh bruh lets get it
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The court can issue court orders, but the court can't issue a personality transplant for your ex. :)
That's OK. You only have to return it to one violent lunatic. If it existed. Which it doesn't.
Thanks for the follow.
no y wud i be
and that wasn't even the worst of what she wrote (that material goes in the book!)
I wrote a story with detectives, their names were HARRY COX & DICK smalls. My teacher read it over the announcements though the whole school
No problem :) Thanks for making it.
Great panel discussion with brilliant and unselfish professionals!
woke up quick, at about noon, just thought that i had to be in compton son
I am pretty good. Busy as usual. I was just talking about you yesterday. When are you moving back? :)
I was proud to meet w New York City Fire Officers Assn. members today. They're truly NY's Bravest, helping lead the world's best fire dept.!
Even fiber-rich ones? RT MT There's more nutrition on cardboard than dry breakfast cereal folks...
we are at New China in Chinatown. Checking in on foursquare
Why don't ppl learn .
Waking up at 1 on the weekends >>
please please please wish me a happy birthday tomorrow PLEASE
eep RT : MT : "it's on a hard drive, in a vault, and we're crossing our fingers" not preservation for born-dig materials
My brothers sleeping in my floor
Is this what you call a family?
i wanna roll you into a little ball & shove you in my vagina. you could just live there.. it's warm.. it's cozy.
Playing 26-2 in the left hand and Confirmation in the right shows hand independence but sounded gimmicky not musical.
Less than 24 hours remaining until the NBA Trading Deadline. What moves should the Cavs make, if any?
Listen before you speak and react; try again before you give up; forgive before you love and live before you die.
I'm not sure what time things are wrapping up here, but there will be after-parties. I'll get the loc for you soon!
Room for two more for Carnitas Class on May 5. Make Carnitas. Learn about chilis. Pair with craft beer. Proceeds benefit UC Davis. Cheers!
I'm in the damn jungle making a TV show for what seems like forever. At least there's fresh fruit and randomly a cat. Cats in the jungle.
#ILoveMyMother because at the end of the day, she will always be there for me. No matter what.
My mom is getting on my nerves already and she just got here. lol
Good morning and happy Thursday :-)
Good Morning! We are one day closer to Friday! Happy Friday Eve everyone! We hope you continue to have a productive week!
nothin ..... i got work tomorrow
I thought it was funny!
Happy New Year and I hope it's your best year ever!!
"Resumania" is a term to describe errors made by job seekers on resumes, applications and cover letters. Like this one: "OBJECTIVE: To o…
you have some good looking boys! Happy mothers day momma jonas!
BIG welcome to all the Casting Directors / Talent Agents who've joined the site today...something's in the water!
My first earthquake and I didn't even feel it.
be sure to DL our free app for iphone or android for all your ballpark trips! Info on parking, concessions, local bars, & more
no didn't see that one until now but thinking of upgrading to it. Love bubble baths and champagne!
Not even thinking about it, I scheduled focus groups on Memorial Day.
If there was a study researching long-term effects a Mac&Cheese and Crab Rangons diet -I'd sign up in a (one of my few remaining) heartbeat.
Ugh, This nigggguh
Happy anniversary to my Dad and Step-mom today! Such a great example of love :)
Dude on the bus is rapping hard as hell but not saying anything lol.. go 'head playa
Layed in my bed for an hour and a half after a woke up cause my ipod just kept playing good tunes
Sadly, but when I feel lonely or just useless, I always listen to sorrowful songs, that make me feel ever worse.
Happy birthday to the gorgeous ! Have a great day sugarr. :)
88 Rouget Echezeaux saves the day! Beautiful fruit and spice. Great showing!
We have paid spots coming up for clean comics at a spectacular, high profile, Hollywood hot spot. Send queries to
Aw, thank you so much! 😊
Totally just saw cory from that's so raven at the casino... awesome!
Anit where I want to be but I gOt a few Hun... ROzAy Boss!!!!
Cleaning the house
NP - TOO COOL ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
New servers will be up this week and broadcasting our Stations. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused everyone.
omg im going to tell my mom
Skittles are gone
hit me up on my dm niglet
After wrapping my brain cells around my action script "Donors" for 16 hours over past three days, I'm back to Tweeting and fucking around.
Hey, um Austin? I got a question. Serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
Thanks to Mrs.chunkys fatt ass sitting in her desk all year eating, im going to fail today.
I'm in love with this O'Quinn kid. Nicest dude ever. Helps every Mizzou player up right away
LOL. You're funny today.
The Artist brings artistry back to filmmaking . . . makes me miss the year teaching film and editing.
Don't you hate it when your foot falls asleep?
Teaching a comics/cartooning course this week at the prestigious Sidwell Friends school in DC for the 3rd year in a row. Always a fun gig!
Wats up Twitter i c ppl rdy to c me do features with alot of great ppl shit look tweet me n another star you want to do feature
LOL Drink a glass for me!
those wigs hurt my soul
Goes to show you how often I play... I just assumed it was from weeks ago! Haha.
We're so glad you joined us!
His ass is fine though. twerk that ass nigs.
MERRY XMAS GIRL!
Im chargin A $1000 for a show can u afford date.and thats just One show amagine wat My tour gon make
Guess who won $100....
Wonderful, Sehul! How many semesters?
True actually. When I was researching, I came across some unpleasant phrases as well :/
Am I really turning 35 tomorrow? Say it ain't so!! Lol But I know one thing I thank God to have made it another year!!!
We need a pet store downtown #Seattle I want to get a gold fish so f*ing bad & now need to rent a car to drive to the burbs 4 one.
Rondo you're an idiot
They also only have 1 dman capable of helping them sustain offense
onus on govt to work out how to harness energies of newly empowered citizens
indeed i did. it'll be quick.
I know man D:
I KNOW! LOL. That's what I mean! I'm all OKC. Haha.
“: Romney is speaking at Liberty's graduation tomorrow. They know he is Mormon, right?”// But he is a Southern Mormon so it's ok
Yup you got it!! :-) Nicely Done!
$$$ARLERT$$$ BMSPF LOW FLOATER IN PLAY MONDAY
Ran into and at the MARN event. All the best people are here!
Ah who run the world? Girls lol.
looking forward to movie on the lawn tonight with the fam!
Happy Father's Day weekend to everyone! Also, love and gratitude from many to Azim Khamisa.
Little did u know the vending machine in the lobby stays open late and they have bear claws for $1.
Happppyyy birrtthhdaaay to my baby day :-*
Is Leyland's idea of small ball the right idea to jump start the offense? 248-848-1130.
Still haven't seen the #Avengers. Should I see it before it leaves theaters?... Well, I want popcorn...Who wants to go with me?! :D
The last 4 articles I read were abt digital media hires on both sides of the aisle and prez campaigns. It's that time again
23 days to go :) looking forward to returning home and being where we want to be.
Getting on the bus tomorrow night with Keith & Kristyn Getty to go hang out at Metro Conference in Dallas on Wed. You there?
RT : S/O to all my friends who came to support me tonight. Loved how you guys camped out behind center, made signs, and cheer ...
send your address.
Call in and dont suck! hahaha RT : now that your following me is a guest spot on coming?
Dick Werthimer~ The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
Why is the FedEx print online site moving at the speed of dial up?
so ... Email::Sender::Server is insanely bloated software, ... I blame the author (me)... moving on, ... lets trim the fat
Thanks for supporting a FUTURE LEADER in martial arts! Vacation with us in the ATL at Battle of Atl! see www.battleofatlatna.i
Still obsessing over "Vision of Love" lol
I can see already they bout to be scrappy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, hope you have a Great day!!
you were the only person who said something about drake on my timeline . it'd be SICK if you guys did a song together (:
:) glad! Your almost there!
2 all d single mothers out there 2 day is ur day ****HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ****
A4: Keeping that longview, focusing on the macro of what we're doing here. A collaborative economy, integrated lives, creativity...
not yet, just identified problem.
Niagara falls is hands down the coolest thing I've seen this year
:) Just Smile.
Any committed musicians in Tucson, AZ looking to play in Draw One Card, leave a wall post on Facebook.com/DrawOneCard so we can talk!
i like movies that work as movies.fiction can do much more with narrative. not that i'd find strong narrative a weakness in a movie
Look for God
Oh really? o.O haha Hows that workin out for ya?
Having a gastronomical tour today, Japanese for lunch and Indian for supper with and
SAME HERE BRO, IM LOOKING FOR FEMALE FIGHTERS. I WILL LET YOU KNOW ANY INFO I GET. HAVE A BLESS DAY
"They love to tell you stay inside the lines, but something's better on the other side"
A Starbucks frappicino sounds amazing right now
Startin a new phrase called R.A.W.L= Rappers Against Wack Lyrics Join the Team!!.lol
From everyone at The Messages Project to you: Have a safe and happy Easter weekend with your family!
Now, that I think about it, I think this is the first day I have stayed home all year.
Wow, jacked up price for slow, choppy inflight wifi to $18. That's high enough for me to 2nd-guess. Never did before.
Welcome to 1975.
We often tell people what we do as we see it (sales pitch) rather than explain what we do as our clients experience it (testimonial).
How Long are you staying in Chicago for!?!?
when did tackleberry die???
What an unbelievable experience. Body shut down at about 9.5 mile mark. 2:16:37 final time! I'll be back
Blow up my mentions!
Would love to learn more.
Going for a run, trying to coax spring into arriving sooner vs later.
Its soo annoying when people mumble.
Hey thanks! We are pretty pumped about the logo as well! The news is exciting!
Yep havent opened it yet and yeah i never stopped haha
Dear plz, tell me, What I must do, because I want you to fallow me. ; ) Kisses.
Follow my new page now for a quick follow back!
I heard you fuckd yo friend is it tru??
Craziness...": North Korea moves all 3 stages of a long-range rocket into position for a controversial April 12-16 launch"
dont wanna revisit it in a few
420 bitches with sam
I'm glad it went well. A lot of people called the station so I assume that means even more on your end
Hour 2 is underway on the show! will now be joining us for #NBAplayoff talk at 11:30.
Taco Bell and Mountain Dew. Doesn't get much better than that. :)
I told my youngest daughter, "Dont be a smart mouth." Her response, "E=MCsquared." Smh lol! God, I love my kids! :-D
Getting ur wisdom teeth pulled sucks
So I guess the good thing about living in a hurricane zone is that I can report on it?
np! today... building websites! and perhaps brainstorming some ideas, how bout u??
they score 6 runs this weekend. Wow. KC owns this sad ass hitting team. 6 runs in 26 innings against KC who has a weak pitching stf
I have no clue what i want to go to college for and thats not good :/
Anderson Silva is getting rocked!
We're in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th. Great News!!!!
you were right the first time.
"When words fail, music speaks" - Willie the Shake
of which it was commanded, 'Do not partake of it,' cursed are my formations for your sake,
Sorry for all of the language Twitter.
I left my computer for 3 minutes...& good things happen! LOL Unfortunately, I can't leave every half inning with Batista comes in
wtf...hell no I am not! RT #Aquarians believe in being honest and sincere in a relationship. They are highly possessive over their lover
nope, it's just bad in a different way. Boring bad.
spring break coming up so nervous for my tests coming up... LOTS OF STUDINGGG:)))
I don't want to talk about it
Suprising! RT : 3 of 3. Most online donors switch to #directmail giving in subsequent years.
Al to the Ladies before... the funeral I think?
omg yes
What do you have planned this weekend?
You are lost in your perceptions, emotions and thoughts. You remain a captive of your own body, mind and intellect.
Help spread our group on! Two days left! . . . Please?!
Glenn. You have finally stopped using His name in vain. It's not time to counsel other on that one yet. I was trying to lighten it up be ...
LOL. Like I said, I think it is more common place in other countries, but I tend to agree with you. We get screwed up enough :)
Clippers advance to the semi-finals. Woo hoo! I love L. A. Basketbal!! <3
Tune into the Jordan Rich Show tonight - WBZ 1030AM as we discuss what to give people who never acknowledge/appreciate your gifts.
That...seems unlikely. But I am excited for seders! And soup! And that won't go away.
You know you're in love with someone when all you want is for them to be happy.... even if your happiness isn't part of theirs.
!|!+|_ AVOID THE LINE... CUM EARLY....$2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Some inspiring presentations today kicked offed by Tony Hsieh CEO of Zappos.com, follow post
So that's how you roll...a walking billboard! Truthfully, tho, I would wear an ACDA polo.
I don't understand why family members get so mad when you block them off your facebook page. They clearly can't keep shit to themseleves.
Optimizing for local -- in your meta tags make sure you provide individual geo locations and link to those property pages.
Broke my ribs at the deer valley skatepark in AZ!
#sljsummit Selznick: possibilities for narrative in tech that don't exist in traditional book format: together they teach you how to read
Happy Friday everyone! What's the plan for today?
Tweet UP in the Castle tonight! Leave us your twitter name at the reg desk so we can add you. Let's put a face to your tag!! Please RT
#libday8 starting to wrap things up before heading home soon
thank you for the mention! :)
At my last class of semester and were doing our Science project this morning. Hurry up professor everyone wants to leave #
So..how was your day? :)
1 in 2 men will be diagnosed with cancer in their lifetime and 1 in 3 women will be.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Why do people get mad at others when their broke? I can't help I did the right things in life to land me were I am. Do better.
would be awesome but then he would NEVER get reelected
I need to have a dog ass session!
congrats! we look forward to a great
It's so fun! The girls are working the catwalk...Tyra would be so proud!
Hello new friend! Happy Wednesday!
Has to find a place for March 1st or April 1st, looking for an affordable one bedroom in the #Seattle area... NEED HELP! :)
Happy birthday lady!!! Hope you had fun last night xo 😘🎉🎈
Always stick up for yourself!!
Claire Redfield and Curtis Miller are both members of Terra Save, a non-governmental human rights organization (RE: Degeneration).
Approx. 2500 orphan drugs approved to date with an average trial size of 100 patients. Jim Healy
You are sicklicious! <3 ya Alec!
almost positive we'll be taking that room but I'll see my parents tonight so I'll double check! Can't wait x
I have never heard of Jerry Coleman
Desperately in need of a vacation. Thank goodness #Philly is in 9 days. Until then, happy hour it is- even if it's raining
Eli Manning: "[We] just won a championship yet I'm still the third most-talked-about quarterback in my own city."
true indeed!
Working like its my job....
How old is your little one?
tweet me sometime Chris!(: or text me!(: I'll dm you my number! Exclamation mark! <3
My boy that lives somewhat around my way. He raps & just came out with the Mixtape #CirocLife that's on
I wanna! Mamas being mean doe because I'm driving her car.
the dog in the background looks like a doll. Looks so tired too.
um, well, it's def raunchy (aka soft porn), but i really like the story line
Lord have mercy RT : Nyjer Morgan heading out to left field. Braun out. Bad day gets worse for
-- looked so AMAZING on this morning!
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
Long time no tweet...love you all :-)
Glad to hear it! I'm about to book the Venetian for the academic version of Fear & Loathing in LV :-D
Support the Fight against Cancer. 100% of 160z online CloSYS oral rinse profits to Breast Cancer Awareness. www.closys.com/charity.html
Last night's show in Green Lake was a lot of fun, but I'm really looking forward to playing tonight at one of my favorites: Luna on Vashon.
": Latest news on housing market 24% underwater. REO's sell for 36% below market value short sales 15%.
oh well
cnnctd+100 event is kinda nuts.
u didnt txt me
thnx so much! We r playing a small show on May 11th @ Plough & Stars in SF to kick off our CD release campaign. U shld come! Ya?
Google Argues for Dismissal of Authors’ Book-Scan Lawsuit
just saw the show! Come drink dude! On me
came close to having double dosage there
Voting for ArtWalk ends at NOON TODAY! Join us at 5pm for the Winners Announcement at 18 N. th Street! The suspense is killing me
hacker poker night round 2 dec 16 via -- link to fb page?
thanks for the plug!
It's too nice out for me to be at work all day
Don't bitch about your reputation if you still going to live up to it.
buzz within the craft beer community, lots of prominent craft brewers are experimenting with them, etc. = big potential
oh, i forgot about my pic with that you saw. i've never had a picture of myself as a profile pic.
#10 "I'm too tired. This IS a vacation."
Listening to the show about debut last night on #WWE Raw is even better the 2nd time. I smell what The Rock is cooking!
Twilight Imperium. Not as good as its made out to be. You need to clear an entire afternoon. Or day with the expansion.
HOPE U ENJOYED THE PROVINCES BRO!
: Glad you like the BigOven App! I'm the founder/author. Any suggestions welcome.
#idol If you have the results DVRd, go back and watch Hollie say "Yeah, that's right!" to Colton when they said Jessica's name! True colors.
lol , me too but some people just dont enjoy it.
Do you have any appearances scheduled for this weekend in California?
Atleast I tried
Give Joe Buck a 5hour energy drink, I think he's sleep talking...
earthquake felt Hickory section of Chesapeake. Chandelier swinging etc.
Musée de la Chasse is the move-in ready hôtel particulier of my dreams.
follow for some seriously hilarious tweets
in my experience I had to pay income taxes on Unemployment wage benefits. My wife, tho, agreed that $40/wk isn't employment.
i did not get an email...do u have my email addr?
Good call! RT : Debbie on FB meant stop lookin bc they tend 2 show up when ur not lookin! :) as 4 now let's stop the suicide talk!
But yes, that would be -1 to getting shot, +1 to getting a bad shot.
Ready or not, life goes on...
Peep 's new project, it's fresh... www.o-dmusic.com
a common complaint of ff, but memory is so cheap and plentiful these days that that doesn't bother me.
Just saw a commercial for baby bottle pop... Wtf
Watching the vow again (:
I actually sent this question to the SKC radio show. I think the over-confidence lies more within the fans than it does the players
titelles room is too dirty for me to share any ways
Hey salsa dancers, how do you do that hip-thing? I can't figure out hip-thing. Help with hip-thing! This is in reference to hip-thing.
Just found out Sharmeen Obad Chinoy is a fellow 7 Sister! Congrats on your Oscar!
Shout out to my big Homie the real a real
Have you seen her body slam a spoiled bitch into a dumpster yet?
Boo at the parting dig at Detroiters.
A long day, working on the book of Ruth, thinking about global Judaism. Glad to be home.
The phone seem to ring longer when you ignoring somebody call...
was that supposed to hurt my feelings? hahaha
Good morning, Princess!! How are you? Shall I send over some Chai?
That tweet made no mention of NC, nor was it meant to. Just a comment on a common phrase. Not sure what you're talking about.
4/24/1794->T. Jefferson: Nothing is more wanting than a thorough knowledge of [vegetation] by which the usual&inadequate modes may be aided
ya know just laying here, sick.. waiting for a follow back from that I probably won't get /:
the things we do to get men's attention...
RT : Dont be too long crying over anything. Things u're crying about right now sometimes are things you'll be grateful for later.
The HMP Difference: (Step 1) Total commitment to providing C-Level attention throughout each assignment by experienced healthcare executives
Protip: When ordering a value meal from a fastfood restaurant, ask for an icee or a milkshake rather than a soda. You will never regret it.
It really annoys me when I move my car for street cleaning, & 2 hrs later, it's abundantly clear the sweeper never came
I think if you do the most & you make the most you are the best
I guess I'll watch the
I think I knew that... obscure "Office Space" reference.
I'm riding to the Elite Eight in the clubhouse pool.
Not talking to in 3 days <<<<
Drinking platinums before I ice rory tonight. It's happening.
Yeah it is :P So how's life?
Today in 1937, #Houston City Council agrees to buy Telephone Rd. and adjacent land for a future municipal airport.
not much. Chillin with my kids. Just checkin in with ya
I have a Real DumbA$$ cousin that is a Kentuckian that is a FLA fan burns me to the core of my being I don't get it!
Do you have the link? :3
Some people never stop serving #alanperez here from the Dominican, serving on a Saturday
A few mins for intros. Who is participating in our #indieview chat this morning?
"May I use your bathroom?" Classic K move when I'm at person of interest's house.
had another very bad day with the bullies
Man, wtf did they do to my Twitter layout? I can't find sh*t now.
I'm always up this early... Can't never sleep long.. lol
#nowplaying Robert Palmer
thats awesome stuff!!!!
hahhahahaha I remember that! God times :)
cuz I left my phone on your couch.
The library is having a reptile show. There are at least 100 kids here...
Mario Williams signs with Bills. Why didn't Texans try harder to keep him? Purely financial or injury history or both?
O, Lord, open today your hand of blessing upon the C.S. Lewis College. Guide and provide for this vision! (Re-post / retweet if you agree?)
Just finished A Dance With Dragons, hope the next arrives soon. Now back to dystopian futures.
Cuties! I am in need one of some fancy headwear. How can I get one before NYC on Sunday?!
The police call it crack I call it Diet Coke
exciting tuesday night.....
I think I've reached my "mama" quota for the day. Not sure I can respond cheerfully anymore.
mad respect for your nuggets. Growth year for you guys and an impt step.
oh, what a dumb bitch. Haha
Problems are like farts, the worst ones nobody knows where they came from and nobody wants to take the blame for them.
RT : #Bears preseason opener vs. Peyton Manning and #Broncos exactly three months from today.
"Do what is right for your members, not just what is good for your bottom line." -Mike Long, Just one more reason I love MY cu.
Finland is also known as the land of of the thousand lakes, because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this coun
Good point by Sen Schneider student is technically not enrolled on school during summer
Done! Thanks so much!
#NP Black Sheep - "Flavor of the Month". We finish writing a rough draft on them, cool group who just couldn't get by the sophomore jinx GM!
Jeez! Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies!
How r u doing. Missed u on #FF. Hope all is well & u have a gr8 Thanksgiving holiday. Mom is doing gr8-each day a little stronger.
Listening to a 'Solo Piano' Pandora station. It's great for studying and sleepiness. #mutuallyexclusive?
it just made me stronger farreal
ey, that's miss Carr to you.
Awesome that all of ptz are represented in the final four.
Good Morning Sir!
I love laying in my hammock ❤
your one of a kind. & I like that (;
Green Tip: Laundry Detergent: Add ½ cup washing soda and ½ cup of Borax as washer is filling add clothes. Cleans & Deodorizes!
we talked last night?!?!?
Jesus Christ! Give me your mailing address. I'm sending you a thesaurus.
To all creative creators who create great work. Please consider submiting to the award competition.
really? thank you! x
any recommendations on netflix instant queue movies?
Hey #software #developers, I'm trying to figure out which source control #SCM is most popular? What do YOU use?
Hello all you Vegas folk... I will be in Vegas for one week and I would like to see all your faces... so let me know.
All done filming! Now time to edit!!!
thanks a lot :)
First, maybe u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie ps good show
Seeking a Library Executive Coordinator for a University in #DC! An MLS and administrative background is required. Resumes can be sent to…
The #zerg player goes for a fast expansion while building #zerglings to defend himself against [
that's crazy
When I don't message you. Doesn't mean.
Good road win by The Cats !!!! LSU you are next !!!!! Go Big Blue
I'll trust you with whatever you say, just don't lie to me!
Tell BoDean he's a pig!! And I mean that with the utmost respect.
SUSHI HANA, you make me feel oh so very good!
#QuoteOfTheDay: "Stop calling her a prostitute! She's a sidewalk hostess!"
do us a favor and od please
do u even realize how much i like you? you talk to me like its nothing, but yet i feel like you barely notice me. why cant you see me here?
*laughs* we discussed this!! You a beautiful amazing squash/sweet potato/strawberry..beacuse..YOLO! o.e
Thanks to the people waiting on public transportation for making this beautiful evening taste/smell like an ashtray. This butt's for you.
follow me xx
oh i feel stupid, and no why?
Self-esteem is a sickness if it gives me approval for good acts but condemns me if I fail. ~ Albert Ellis
nervous homeboy big game. D has to show up early & o-line has to hold their own & I'll feel better. Heineken in hand.
Zomg! Congrats! Where at? Enjoy all the Mon and Ted time! I hope your liver is up to it! ;)
Have fun! But don't expect those W&M tour guides to be better than the lovely Red Polos!
#INSen "#smokefree" measures let charity gamers smoke in schools by night, while kids and staff absorb toxins next morning.
One day I want to bone a guy named #Jesus so I can scream his dads name out during sex....
Why do people buy into the hype of Black Friday or Cyber Monday? Supporting such madness is a poor reflection on our society.
So if girls are liars and say they hate liars, does that mean they hate themselves? They're stuck being miserable for being dumb
Had a great time at awards. Best part: Seeing recognized on stage & finally meeting IRL!
Why do I get so many emails about viagra?
Kemba Walker is my new favorite. That guy is out of control.
alright can you get a couple people to follow me plz and thx
Looking forward to what from has to say. Maybe he brought samples! ;)
Heading to Huntsville to hear Dr. Scott of UNT in guest recital
interesting! what are you going to use for analytics instead?
Roger will be signing copies of Life Itself starting at 1PM tomorrow in the lobby of the Newberry Library in Chicago.
I don't even remember lol..
so sorry not to have responded before... We didn't get set up in Lanyrd for this year, but will recommend for next year.
No way...dev be killin at that game.
second try on its way to you now.
Word... RT : this is…..upsetting
signed x
"I'm against being against anything" - Anonymous
must be a made up stat. Damn Moneyball...ruining the game.
Oh my god you're alive! And congratulations!
Didn't mean to twist your arm. ;) Glad to have your thoughts and reflections!
So basically, every team has drafted 5 All-Pros so far, is now clearly a division favorite. Sweet.
Kicking off the #marketo boston user group
Headed to lambeau to watch the beat the crap out of the bears
☺If you can never have too many friends, or pairs of shoes. #BornToShop #OrSex hahaha...I'm jus sayin' = )
Mahel makes great move to pick up extra yards!
Since when did the people who come to Sun Tan City become soo trashy??
Yeah, saw that. Can't ever tell who he sits with. Probably there alone
#trump hates black people
“The word of a gentleman is as good as his bond; and sometimes better.” -Charles Dickens
'Cause y'all know who the fuck, what the fuck I do I done put the pressure to every thug I knew Quack quack to a duck and a chicken too
Sunflower seeds >>>>>
we have office at Glendora! for sure they love cakemamas, how can we participate to your activities?
I love your default! So ThelmaandLouiseesque;)
those side streets vary.. LA too crowded man!
Turned on Pandora for the first time today and the first song that came on was Lonely Boy. Definitely a good sign, yes?
don't change the subject!!
Happy Sunday, my friend.
Blue whales’ low-frequency pulses are as loud as 188 decibels—louder than a jet engine—and can be detected more than 500 miles away
This Saturday I'm still celebrating my Bday @ #Treasures wit pre order bottles $100 think I'm a grab a #100bottles hbu
check me and my boys out strait out of minnesota holding it down for the home town tc 651 young blocka got um ya
hunt that thing down girl! Get a picture so we have proof
What a beautiful day Chicago!!!
I went and saw Moneyball tonight, but I think I only understood about half of it. It's about football, right?
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
Glad to see that surpassed the "Sophomore Curse". Congrats!
Why is it I can date a girl for 3 years. But I can't even date a gay for 3 weeks.
We're looking forward to seeing you at #MamasDay2012!
La Mesa Police Dept. will be hosting a neighborhood forum on Jan 13 from 6pm to 8pm at Rolando Elementary School in La Mesa.
Love the eyebrows moving up and down LOL
hahaha you can't see his face tho!
Thank you.
SCOOT OUT, SON.
glad I'm not the only one that thinks it. Lol
this tomato soup was a terrible idea and it only makes me want whataburger
d#essert sounds delicious! I had molten chocolate cake with vanilla bean ice cream, we all deserve a splurge now and them.
Screw off Mrs. Fillmann
I tweeted and they told me we can only use it in-store :/
Decent day.
"I hate, loathe and despise schools… School is bad for you if you have any talent." --M. Sendak, prob not quoted at educ plan this morning.
Just created our first newsletter. If you want to be on the mailing list please send us your email.
Apologies for the spam I unwittingly served up yesterday!
RT : Planning for '12 & asking : What can I really impact?" (do more of that); What's not making any impact at all? (stop that.)
Loved working the #spiritawards. Great show, in a tent, on the beach in Santa Monica. What is better than that?
two quarters of med school down and you're soaking up the sun in Hawaii!! Congrats my Lo Lo, so proud of you. Get extra tan for me xo
NFL needs to start again...i've turned into a drunk this off season and i'm sick of beating in scrabble
and GI too won both in Houston and Oklahoma a few weeks ago
#KrAzY $2 DrInKs, FrEe EnTrY, FrEe #FoOd FrEe #YoGotti Tickets... WhErE tHeY dO tHaT aT? #BODIROCK #Thursday. BE THERE!
Ill be glad to take your cash. When & where?
I'm traveling back from St.Martin today but feel free to give a call..excited to have covering PUPM!
Bout to put one n da air
since when was *I* the curmudgeon here? :)
Checking out - looks neat
I made one of the choirs I wanted. Oh well, 1 sophomore made it who can just go die cause I fucking hate her. Ok. Rant over.
Earthquake freaked me out! At first I thought there was a big truck going by until the house really started to shake!!!
looking forward too it
I'm going going back back to Cali Cali. #AAHHE and LA bound in the morn!
its impressive you were Still interested prior to them
Just installed iDisk for my iPhone, everytime it finishes installing the icon changes to an app I previously deleted - any ideas?
Saw a full grown human sitting on a bench eating chicken mcnuggets. #getapalate #seriously?
Remember when pocket change was actually enough to buy things out of vending machines: A) who has cash anymore? B) $1.25 for gum- WTF?!?!?
Fuck the nazi. I hope you're all havin a blast in hell. Pretty Ironic how you're the ones burning now.
ha! Jinx you owe me a taco!
G'day mate.
- thanks you for the mention and support!
I could go for some pancakes rights now!
First mention of the desirability of a partnership with ARTstor... now that would be cool.
Just Googled: "Ring Around the Rosie".... That is some heavy sh**
And the day gets worse....almost 1100 gone...
To whom shall I re-gift this unwieldy Matisse calendar?
Ah I see. Makes more sense now. Well I do since I grew up in Morocco. It comes with the Moroccan upbringing lol.
Bus crash on Ave and 45th, not sure who's injured
What just happened?
Oh haha ha ha ha.... yea... funny stuff ha ha... I was busy ok!!! I had things to do!!!
There's sumthin wrong with it... It aint uploaded yet or sumthin. Idk...
“: Boom! 9 years sober today!” congrats!
If you really have to buy something new, make sure to sell out the old stuff to cover the cost.
It's a great day to shoot videos over here.
Pizza is my
Loved the ep where Artie got e-legs from Coach B. :)
Go on youtube and search" hey rainbow blondes just keep it jesus " and click the first link. It's pretty much awesome.
damn straight!
#55, thank you for all you did for the San Diego community. You left a mark and your legacy will live on. Thoughts & prayers to your family.
is cooking me breakfast...finally! Lol
I saw you on the UPA hashtag, but couldn't remember why I knew that avatar. Hi! If you see me around, say hello.
thanks! Miss ya bud and now you're in #htown :-(
Listening to Mumbai/Punjab match. It's going to be close, but I think Mumbai will pull through.
At work!
My eyes are burning.... not sleeping tonight...
Congrats to you!
I have a q tip fetish
Mitt Romney finds miss children! What else do you want?
WOW! Excellent call! Tepid nuts are going to revolutionize Super Bowl spreads as we know it!
speaking of "interior life" I'm now going to venture outside and put some time in doing a little yard work despite the cold+grey
Beauty is when the love of ur life smiles at you and and it makes u smile!!!
Been a busy day today. I foresee a busy weekend ahead as well!
planning to tune into NPR's All Things Considered this afternoon to hear discuss North Carolina's Amendment 1 w/ Guy Raz.
I cannot express enough how big of a game this is for Boozer's confidence. We know what Luol is capable of, but Boozer won this game.
with me!!! We need another roommate at our house on 15th & Dunn!
Sow was once Prime Minister but was thrown out by Wade. He set his own party and today he is President because promised a different Senegal.
The Avengers kicked ass. Go see it.
aye you need to check your email ASAP cause I sent you something special.
Tweet me if i haven't followed you yet :)
another lonely night studying art. caught a cool 'the graduate' homage shot at the end of an ep of the office. woot.
when I first met the both of you ; his icon
i am going to miss you too! we need to stay in touch :)
Morning Loves Well just here at mexico listening to and you guys are just amazing XD love Yall
more money, 40 year old phenom. My 5 minutes of fame stretch beyond At 42 be better than 24 wake up TO! It's time for work!!
IS NONPROFIT SALARIES SPINNING OUT OF CONTROL?
Congratulations! This looks fantastic on my iPhone.
I had my doze of LAUGHTER for today ...time to face the stressful world! Ugh
Katie! New position at Idea? We are so long overdue for a wine/catch-up sesh.
Always nice when #KingFelix blanks the other team, or any #Mariners pitchers does that really!
Imagine if loses to Cotto this weekend. And then u wake up. That aint gonna happen
When you come to the show tonight, don't be scared to ask about St. Drunken's Day. We want to spread the good news.
All I'm focused on is "stayin in my own lane".....
I know, really disturbing!
Es you here?
As a youngster, my biggest dream was to be on the TV show zoom.
Get all your snapbacks on shopsnapback.bigcartel.com x
we're going through some member changes right now, so yeah we'll need a photoshoot eventually D;
Attention, type designers: Semibold is an important weight. Please don't neglect it.
Thankf for the follow..now following back
I think this is something that comes up a lot -- is ALA's main focus #libraries or #librarians? Or a combo of both?
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun. ;)
Can't believe its sunday already where do the weekends go
i know man! I hate waking up early! Haha
Do you think the state's murder statues are too lenient? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
#sschat Also when I taught religion to 6th grade we did architecture study of worship spaces & did watercolors of mosques
There's a ton of opportunity for UXers right now. Go find yourself a place that appreciates you.
Really need to get my costume together...its approaching a little too fast
I'm currently typing this by touch after just having looked at a screenshot of the iPhone 4S!
Cowboy hat cocked to the side? lol
#favwillferrellmoments lol...too easy.. when hes singing for his dad in elf and hes like "love u love u LOVE U!"
last day? What's up with everyone leaving?
That's sad i have 800+ pics in my phone...
BEAT THE LAKERS ALREADY DAMN I WANT THEM OUT!!!!
Having a fun time hanging out at CWU!!
Thanks for the
Thanks Doreen! It is available on Amazon although they haven't received their books yet-- but should arrive any day now!
except, when I'm not. ha ha
BP topic: story boarding vs finding it in the edit. i.e. Hitchcock vs Malick.
Make sure to go follow
Just named a new genre on Pandora...#ContemporaryFusion - My work is done. Time for the weekend.
awesome! I won't forget lol! I can't wait, this gonna be a bad ass show!!!
so Jason smith thinks steelers and ravens superbowl hm I don't think so becuz well one steelers can beat texans an ravens will hostNE
pitbull and neyo sound just like the radio!!
<3 the Hecks! My husband & I howl w/laughter watching I'd almost swear the writers have our house bugged!
Team Florida!!!! Are you ready for some football ???? Look up Team Florida - Exclusive Football league.
I'm going to ninth, and I'm kinda short lol
Katie Rodgers at the Henna Party Workshop
Had so much fun at my job's holiday party! I know,
thanks for the heads up... they don't :(
Proud to be an American
Sorry, 340 tons!
Oh my gosh, thank you so much! I am so glad that you like it! Can't wait to finish it, would love to send finished cd to you
i'm so hungry
This country is run by the super wealthy, super PACs simply puts that fact in our face. Wealthy people profit from privatization~gov bashing
Looks like I owe my fans a snippet of my new song... ★
RT : Just registered for , for "name" I put "Genuine Human Who Isn't Secretly A Robot BEEP BOOP", god I hope they buy it
'If I lost my ID, where would I go?' 'Hell.'
That is cool.
Lolin at this spanish packet! ap test is going to be buenoooo
Don't over analyze be patient eventually you'll find the answer you looking for
doing the tourist thing: on a double decker bus tour of nyc
Man I love that new Subaru commercial with the dogs driving!
Emily get off the high mountain you need jesus
The BMW Tent Event will be luxurious after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Will do! Thanks!
Son preference leading to sex-selective abortion has resulted in 100,000 MILLION missing girls globally #fem2 #IWD #internationalwomen'sday
....oh. I'm at home watchin movies til I fall asleep. U left ur food ova here
You should be online... right... now....
that was one of the cutest movies ever...
thanks so much I'm new to the shift from print to online media. It's so great to connect!
I'm dead!
We had about 500 at the game. Good time...bad score.
when you fall for someone's personality everything about them become beutiful :)
let's talk money , I talk bad [;
I think we are having bueno weather this weekend here too. Awesome! Zoo time!!
you don't understanded the comedy that the sheikie baby haset. Sheikie baby is camel clutch if you followun
Happy Birthday to our #hsff bud !
Thanks for looking out for little ol' #44. ;)
Can't bust a grape, can't kick no dust.. shit..
Bottom$$$services sendin out much sucess & BLESSINGS 2 all follow Be Dollar@ facebook & lets share! Free
*stupid girl flirty giggle* I think you're really cute. And you rock those drums.
🙏💔🎶🎵😢 it used to get on my nerves when it was in the radio but I like it now.
Thank you, God, for the gift of your spirit, which brings hope out of despair and new life to each day. ~RT
come teach me and I'll pay the cost of losing to u. I'm sitting alone with a dealer
Best idea ever. Increase headways on Regional Rail - 15 mins max wait time. - Andrew Stober
Winning is about hrt, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
don't go to hard or you'll wake up with an awful headache again lmaao
Mom just asked my brother if he wanted to donate sperm to a lesbian couple I know who is in the market. #merrychristmas!
Still plenty of time to hit the top 10! I know it will.
Now I gta go translate it & see for myself, lmao
We made it!!
Happy Friday,
GOODLUCK ": 21.3 is the goal tomorrow.. I can do it. #TrackNation"
You're right. Ron Paul looks like a man among lunatics.
What an amazing audience. Thank you so much to everyone who came to Endgame tonight.
carnal flower by frederic Malle is super sexy. Hope this helps!!
Happy Friday!
It's going great man, got 3 new songs & a website in the works! Would love to book another show together
Fun Fact Friday: Taking a long weekend? You'll find cheaper fares & greater seat availability if you fly on Saturday and return on Tuesday.
e-portfolio is finished! (not approved yet, but all submitted!)
I promise you im done caring about you NON-FACTORS *bHADD)
True RT : #Capricorn prefers to play the background but somehow always end up in the spotlight.
for a limited time you can buy our book for only $4.99 www.createmoneyweb.com
haha of course! 😆
Two of my followers just need to admit they like each other and stop being immature about it.
you're a busy woman today!! Great seeing you!
It IS America the Beautiful - that made my morning! Thank you darlin! : < America the Beautiful ! xOx
hit me when u ready fam
My Chemical Romance-Dead
I was in the kitchen washing a dish
THE MILITANT IS READY FOR OPENING DAY! Even his underwear is blue!
I was excited to find you, but seeing that you have 49k followers, I'm feeling less special!
haha trust me justin were more than wildd..;)<3
Another gaffe by Harper?
kolby!!!!!! What's up buddy!
well in all reality you kind of did.
Thank beautiful 😘 RT : you guys are too cute :')
Shop Atlanta Ann Taylor Loft today thru March 8. Donate a pair of gently worn pants and get $15 off a new pair (full-price).
Head over to and have an awesome Mint Tea. It's exactly what you need. They have awesome energy bars too!
Are you guys sitting next to each other putting this on Twitter...? That's just silly.
RT : Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear makeup, and boys lie.
They're just sluts
I was planning to fall to my knees and pray. She's coming to the June BOA meeting, so we'll have time to compose ourselves.
Whoever is the 37th person to retweet my next tweet, wins a FREE copy of 37 CD/DVD! Be watching ;)
I cannot believe that I am teaching yoga at 8:30 am and it is daylight savings time. What am I doing right now?
Huntsman: Debt crisis caused by both Dems & Repubs
this is impressive but I believe they r also owned by monster? have huge partnerships 4 cables and other audio parts???
I know right?? It's made to be more difficult/confusing than necessary
Sorry - couldn't help it.
I will probably be there at 9:30am. Msg me your contact number.
Megan is a BEAST! I'm loving her more and more each week!!
nice are you there ?
hey momma!
Egypt says it ended US lobbyists' contract - USA TODAY
My mom is making me go to a party I really don't want to go too
it's so freaking addicting!!
Feelin rite i didnt think i wud feel the creamery
Dallas Clark????
R u allowed to bring your own stuff for Davis to sign?
Great pic. Welcome to Washington!
Possibly THE most exciting, bizarre and scary - heres hoping the Cambridge guy is fine!
What if the Rangers don't make the playoffs? What would have to happen between now and their hypothetical and improbable elimination? Weird.
That's what we like to hear!
In between starting movies I've been checking TITANIC ..the 3D conversion seems pretty good actually
lol their call me maybe cover has been playing non stop on my computer :p theyre just that good
home finally
Girls fighting on the bus, so fucking pointless.
I wonder if Bob Warner would be pleased to know that I now carry his trading card in my wallet.
Congrats to John Fox and The Broncos for a highly successful season.
Let the National Library Week celebrations commence at #UDC !
Love Sydney! I was homesick on Christmas, but got over it.
Thank you to all of my new followers! I look forward to supporting you in your ventures as well. :) xoxoxo
Whole grain? No-name animal crackers? She wouldn't want that stuff anyway! Bring on the Butterfingers!
Can't you see, I'm talking about eternity
hello im so happy!!!:) zack finally followed me:)
Received the best visit from my little love this morning. Studying all day won't be as bad now...I hope.
Clearly you insult more than any. Does this mean you have no argument either?
what do you do on Friday nights!? Just started playing church league ball every Friday in Concord// u should come
See whats new with SWH check out our new blog www.seowebsitehero.com/blog, take advantage of our current months specials
thank you baby<3
Might teach tech savvy.
#gmail switched to the new format on my work email today and I'm hating life right now. seriously, why is it so bad?
Not watching the game
are you in training?
Much better.
lol yea yea yea
Thanks so much for the kind #FF s!
Most awkward award ever.... Usher, justin, or Eminem...... Uhmmmmmm.......
Can you please follow me (:
The logical succeeding pun writes itself. Oh dear.
Glee was so good(: 😊
328: This Thanksgiving, I'm grateful for true abundance in my life, and I wish blessings and abundance for all my family & friends, too.
Kind of obsessed with
Just got back from the gym. Today was chest day. I finally think I'm getting some where. Will all the hard work pay off? Only time will tell
And a lot of great posters!
nice more picture
people that do things just for attention<<<
Thank you! I'm happy to send you a free sample. Email me at and let's partner!
Waiting for my Ikea delivery. Would be more excited if I actually had time time to put my new furniture together.
Pre-order your homemade tamales for the holidays from Taco N' Madre herself!Chicken, pork, turkey,Mexican cheese tamales oh my!
“: Happy 21st can't wait until tonight. Rock chalk baby!” thank you. It's gonna be a
I had crazy heartburn tonight, too. But then my water broke, so maybe it was my body's way of waking me up. lol
THANK YOU! The Chic'
Learning with at the Rethinking Debreifing session on English language learners
burned 99 calories doing 10 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
carter update?
Have any plans next weekend? I'll be headlining Saturday Night (May 19th) at O'Connell's () See ya there?
Loved your SMPP course! How do I sign up for #WWS?! Is there an early bird discount?? Thanks!
since 11. you know, when I said it started. -_-
i have been home all day . no me gustaaa
Why do I even bother calling or caring **Sigh**
is my inspiration for not giving up on my dream #dreamchaser til i collapse
D4 bbc sessions? Bootleg vinyl? Found it in chi-town...
far is a distance, but never a reason why.
To summarize: maybe hitting on others isn't such a great thing after all.
Me and put down today we let em know who to be watching out for our there
when did Utah become Los Angeles?
are you ok babe?
I'm scared.
WaSup Bro! I Like What You Are Doing! We Gotta Work! You Already Know! DM Ya Contact
Can't wait to hear da new #Solo by !!!! I caught word that it was Cold as ICE!
it looks fluffy! haha is it?
where's that single?!
Oh. Well whatever the case, he might surpass last year's walk total in a week at this pace.
please follow & as we are big fans and have your apparel! Rut Hockey thanks you!
What I wonder about quadrobots, though, is: How long do the batteries last? Pretty energy-intensive to hover and maneuver like that.
Negative. Got some potentially great news this morning though.
Planted catnip seeds today. All 400 of them. Should make for some very happy kitties this year.
...but one must support ones friends! Toi, toi Rachelle- go rock da the house this eve : )
Gift cards for Bed Bath & Beyond or Home Depot?
haha he shook and I thought something was wrong ha
If you have to ask me if I like you, I probably don't .
“: I'm so fat I drink chips.”
Of course!(;
I want to stay in my lunchtime workout clothes for the rest of the day. #dietbetproblems cc:
Sometimes you gotta know when to shut er down and go see a movie!
Chocolate has no calories if consumed (by students) in the 12 hrs before paper submission or (by faculty) during grading
vote for jaden
Hani’s fluid jewelry designs can be described as colorful, rich and textured with a flair for clean lines and a minimalistic presence.
I'm hoping to get some of it done today
RT : 'Topes on the board again! Scott Van Slyke blasts a double off the left field wall to score Josh Fields! 'Topes up 4-0, B-5
thanks! Perfect. Oh, any examples up there already?
In a test the condor used the least energy to move a kilometer. Then we discovered a man on a bicycle blew the condor away. -- Steve Jobs
the true fans added bioware to safe sender as recommended
One of the stunt guys on The Hangover 2 is suing Warner Brothers for a stunt gone bad. I wonder if it has anything to do with the monkey.
i have no idea
I loved BET Uncut & In living color :)
I am lucky. I think I made the right choice in choosing him.
She know that when IPhone that it's FaceTime
I can't stand hypocrites smh
thanks for the network hit u up soon!. Follow bak!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X14
im sorry didnt mean to upset you;)
There was no Food section in the today. A sad Thursday. I hope that's not intentional. cc:
what time is it.......really?
I'll keep you my dirty little secret.
MEGA HOTNESS.
Our office manager is regulating the candy bowl. For every piece of candy i eat, i have to run a lap around the office or tweet about it.
Crazy! Ma started bleeding from my nose, I may be dying haha
Lol what is on christina's head? I mean, it's sparkly so thats nice....
If I get into a writer's residency in AZ, I'll smuggle my copy of Pedagogy of the Oppressed into a public school.
Up late because I over think on something so simple... Now #watching Breaking Bad
Semisonic's "Closing Time" will get that reaction at Borders too.
ha.. thanks.. #Peter Parkers.. tons of them around here
lol dis bitch goes out with austin, then cody, then harry, WHAT'S NEXT, JUSTIN? holy fuck.
you are never missing a thing!
Just got done Cleanin the house,Watchin cartoons wit the kids...Bout 2 start makin breakfast....
ha! my time is coming, I'm sure of it
This reminded me of U- If I drink alcohol I am alcoholic. So if I drink Fanta, am I fantastic?
argh!!! Los Angeles Business Journal website, Y U NO WORK???
“: I'm reading that stupid book 50 Shades of Grey and its not about Jennifer Grey and I hate it.” brilliant
kev was sweet that day.
said i figured it out...didn't say i honored it!
So I've watched captain america at least 3 times I'm workin on 4 right now
“: if she can roll better then you, she may be wifey material”
#GOPACKGO #packers or in Los Angeles... LA Lakers and Vikings. Just need to take #Wild as a second NHL to have a set!
CHECK THAT VIDEO GOIN STUPID BOUT TO GO TO THE YO AND MAKE ANOTHER I'M BRINGING MY SON THIS TIME..
Woot! Donald Driver is on #DancingWithTheStars this season -- I know who I'm cheering for!
sand tarts, butterscotch cookies, peanut butter cookies and chocolate pretzels. Also bringing sugar and comfort!
So i brought my camero to school n everyone is staring at me like wtf!?!
feel like flossin'
I have the best daughter in the world.
Seriously, Mormons. Be very, very careful before criticizing anyone about their evolving views on marriage.
funniest. thing. ever
Never underestimate the power of popcorn to help brighten your day!
On the other hand, the trailer for "Looper" is supposed to be attached to it. Must. watch. trailer.
getting to know twitter and friendfeed...took up my morning. I'm late for work now. Sorry boss...oh, that's me ;o)
*three days.
I do follow you :)
i see
go text my cousin
Brain blast for social innovation project: turning cell phone waste into a good thing for the emerging markets.
lol just got home. ha.
#BuildABetterWorld Great show tonight!
“: sometimes i think im socially challenged”
I love the DJ...!! Always a good time with the crew.
i just told this girl on webcam she got more titty than she got brain lol #stupidassgirls shes slow
You got the gut laugh on that one. Thanks for that. Just Don't Do It.
Keep your chin up, sweetheart. Remember always that we each create our own realities.
It's a damned shame when anxiety over how little sleep you're about to get keeps you awake.
will do:D
Welcome to the packers perry
I think Robert Osborne's birthday totally justifies my having leftover birthday cake for breakfast today.
#we all need someone to hold on to when we have a bad day!!
Knocked Up Celebs Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
If your over 18, make sure you vote today!
Maurice Sendak originally wanted to write "Where the Wild Horses Are" but changed it to "things" when he realized he couldn't draw horses.
Deadline for filing en banc review of 11th circuit decision on health care law just passed at 5 p.m...no word from DOJ
I think red box is looking at about 50 percent increase in sales
A big ole beastly Happy Birthday to my partner in crime, !
Bus, almost home(:
Ugh, waiting again but yes, Sharon Needles for the win
Everyone using the word snowpocalypse should go to snowhell while I laugh at them from snoweaven having snowgasms...
not looking good.
Thank's so much - appreciate the shout-out! :)
You should put out a book with every New Bev calendar in it. I'd so by that.
Dude. You know me and have worked with me. Do you seriously think I even know the meaning of the word "Discreet"???
Come in & get FREE copies of Energy Times, , and Muscle & Body. Great way to get new recipes ideas & reenergize your workout!
if they don't go somewhere with this season real quick, i dunno if i'm coming back for season 3.
Aww. Omg you just made my fucking night :)
Glad you like them!
#shootermac we've been ctc for 3 weeks and you still have not scheduled the closing so now you have to extend your lock.
Spotted: Dudes on Segways high-fiving non-ironically.
That awkward moment when you say something but have zero idea of what your talking about
Under no circumstances should a man ever wear sandals, mandals, whatever. Just no. It's hideous.
The essence of profound insight is simplicity. - Jim Collins, Author of Good to Great.
You a stupid hoe you you a stupid hoe
Hot chocolate to warm up on a cold rainy day, yup I'll take one of those.
All righty what's the best food you've had so far?
Days are getting closer to the EOG
what's instragram?
Hi! So pleased that you've heard of us! Please let me know if I can answer any questions about our wonderful museum...
Got a great message @ Church this morning....
how old are you ?
This movie is creeping me the hell out !
Love being with you, day and night! See you later today. xoxo
Why is nick playing for fgs instead of putting the game away with touchdowns? Bama playing to lose game .
Twitter concept: the equivalent of Mute Spitta' ... then I remembered there are reddit accounts that reply with only gifs.
Call now to get $4 off any 18” pizza, including specialty pies!
Samantha, you're 3 rows in front of us:-). I saw you pimping in the back row Andy. Thought you couldn't drink beer?
Change is the end result of all true learning. Buscaglia
considering I played Earthworm Jim all the time, somehow I missed that. I was reintroduced to with Ghostopolis. :)
Venezuela. Populist President running for an unconstitutional 3rd term. Overwhelming income disparities, corrupt elections
the Los Angeles Literary Calendar is now on twitter. follow them!
well you kind of are! I might set up a burrito party at chipotles on wed afternoon if you guys are interested
I think they all just forgot rt : Just heard that the #Lions practice has been cancelled tomorrow in honor of 4/20.
We found out that we're only layers of skin hiding bone.
MRNG PEOPLE, JUST GETTING UP, AWESOME NIGHT & MRNG W/FRIENDS & FAM. COWBOYS & SOUP TIME, LET'S DO THIS!!!!
Whoa Cyanogenmod 9 for the One X? :o
Your caps are looking good!
Our sale is still in full swing and you've got the whole month of April. Check out the Essential Top 10!
So much eating well at lunch. My #Subway apples were best before 9-18-10. Yuck!
Good am!
RT RT life isnt a garden. so don't be a hoe.
The 2-day Easter holiday is over and the stores have reopened in Munich. No longer have to rely on gas stations for staple items
I'd rather have a decent new Magnetic Fields album.
What a bullshit flagrant on Indiana. These refs suck.
Oh yeah that. I need one so badly! D;
RT : 100 foods to eat before you die: No. 84 sea urchin, the spiky Nerf balls of the sea, can be found at
Jimmy Sabater Jr @ Taino Towers doors open 6:30pm this Wednesday in Spanish Harlem.
Sending my deepest condolences to the Carter family. Aaron, Nick, Bj, and Angel. RIP Leslie #LoveYall #BeStrong - XavierLT.com
Ready to see #SuperNova shut it down
Glenn Campbell...that was pretty awesome
Could you end me some times when I could call to interview you. Subject: Author Interview
Lol. But I Guess We About To Get To The Bottom Of This Tonight > >
DYK? Jane E. Smith, served as the President & CEO of the National Council of Negro Women was a member of DST. ..
#imagine Austin:Im not sure if you feel a spark.but i feel fireworks when i think of you *kisses you gently* -anna
Hop on the Early Literacy Bookmobile at the Spring Eggstravaganza, 11-3 today, Sharon Meadow in Golden Gate Park.
Romney taking credit for Auto Biz comeback is like Ryan Leaf claiming to be drug free. I don't think so....
happy thanksgiving to you & your family god bless magic man
Music brings people together and tells a lot about the person that you are and tells a lot about where you've been.
#TurnToYou is an amazing song,it touched me
If you aren't going to see this weekend your afro-wack!
Still taking entries to win 2 passes to the here: goo.gl/Au7aO Who wants to grub w/ us?
You can text a $10 donation to support via ! Text GIVE 9491 to 80088 to donate.
great job this year Coach!
you can help trend though. :)
Morning ride to get the mind going!
Arguing with my dad over text. Ohmaigosh. LMFAO. We go off on eachother...
to many tweets hahahahah now in days
If you are a small business with orders to fill as well as invoices to leverage, factoring may be the way to obtain capital.
i wasn't following u lol i thought i was
Weekend is here! Donating $50 per 500 new twitter #followers OF MINE to #pets #dogs #cats u can make a difference!
we did alot of stuff together we had a blast!!
I love you, not for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Why not have everyone rotate 3 hr shifts so no one needs a tent. Carry a book to exchange!
That's some BS, they cheated !!
Maybe I shouldn't eat steak 3x a week. Ahh fuck it.
They had to dig up the pipeline in our back yard last month for repair & told us about the changes.
Continuing copy editing and transfer today of 2012: Science & Prophecy of the Ancient Maya for interactive book for the iPad.
When guys run the relationship >
cool, friday am through 1pm is wide open if that might work for you, do you both still dial in on fridays?
I discovered there's such a thing as eating too many Lunchables and that's exactly what happened to me tonight.
Snowboarding for the first time in 12 years. Pray. For. Me.
New genetic tests a chance to spot risks early in pregnancy
Romans 13:10 Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.
Glad to hear this is over for you--looking fwd to working with you in Chicago in the fall. cheers.
