Noel Gallagher is so fucking epic!
Thanks for the follow KUMI "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday everybodys looking forward to the weekend weekend! Friday Friday kicking back on Friday every
i miss you too.!!!! Justin go away :p lol
Merry Christmas!!
The Twilight Saga: New Moon' actor said his hectic work schedule means he never gets time to relax at home in London.
it very well could be.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
Blue Bell Christmas Cookies Ice Cream = OBSESSED!
Sunday Slacker Show & Shine Tommy Rockers daytime beer garden | 12-5pm Saturday April 21. Sunday Slacker will host a Show and Shine.
I was excited to get a DM from you until I realized ditto.
Bike Share program will start on #indy Cultural Trail in April 2013: Brian Payne of CICF
When I'm lazy i just retweet people
Is it true that Bosh out for the rest of the playoffs indefinitely b/c menstral cramps? #YESmaybe LoL
Thanks for the RT. Hope you can join us on Saturday! Did I mention fire spinning, roots reggae, world surf rock?
Wow! That was a long time ago. I'm glad I said something positive:) Thanks for the kind words re: Grub.
new icon and BG
Brady was on fire this week
The Greater Man upstairs don't like an arrogant whelp with an outrageous sense of entitlement. It's god's mysterious ways when u lose, eh?
happiness is hating you
..Must watch some B1A4 teaser to pep myself up after this long day.
thanks for the RT!
hahahh i laughed... and laughed some more
Hope everyone has their biked tuned up! Tomorrow is National Bike to Work Day and let's represent Rice strong
lol she left anyways to attend a funeral.
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow back?? Yes..no damn :,( I try
Fashion fades, but style is eternal
bbq tonight. txt me if you want in on this
Saturday and Sunday enjoy our Excellent “all you can eat” brunch with {aweawesomeosas.
Aww! What a good mummy. :)
Packers, Brewers, and Soul...Woo, What a weekend!
All I want is to find my mother a plush yellow bathrobe. Why is this so hard??
There is a tracker jacker in my room :x
At #SocialMedia metrics discussion at #smcli by hosted by
I like that one.
So excited!! I was thinking, though, we'll need to do some work on Sunday :-)
DOING THIS
going though my purse is like going though a timemachine..
People that don't know how to freaking drive <<<
tired of hurting slowly learning
For some reason, I don't believe that.
Why the hell does twitter keep changing over to something I hash tagged everytime I try to go back to home?.
Are any of you planning to watch TED live next week?
A great place for a gloomy day pick-me-up!
I thought that same thing about this morning's traffic (future of SD) took 45 min to go 8 miles, 52 @ 15 to UTC
Oh ya lol but I had two because I have friends lol
Sad to miss the #beerrt. formally deputized to give my Council liaison report.
It's so childish to create drama on twitter especially when your not going to confront then in person"he broke your heart"newsflash your 15
Twitter is dead and school is going by so slow. 😣🔫
Come on
ooh why thank you ms. Almondjoy 😊
That doesn't sound good. Been in #nightcourt and it's the 7th Circle of Hell...
everyone is happy except you come on chill,take a nap and rejoice,becoz laughter adds more days to your life
Always happy to share what few nuggets of wisdom I possess.
can't argue with a 72-yard pass. big blue earned it. we didn't.
sorry i havent been on much. i was in Provo Utah for the weekend. So what did i miss
I eat m&m's by color.
Did I seriously just get in trouble for using the lords name in vain
What are you doing for your birthday??
can u what
Chapter 2012 Page 126 of 366 Lessons to be learned in both winning and losing.
haha id probably do the same thing lol
*screaming* why does my work computer always freeze up on me when I'm doing something important!!!!?
Watching love seeing doing a great job thus far in Browns camp. Guy was great on
Building relationships when not pitching super impt RT : Keep your trade pubs as allies in PR
Wow. Huge news. RT : Sadness and joy. RT : Congrats to , soon to be joining the staff of
I have a feeling I'm gonna win the mega millions, so I guess I can join the millions of folks who also think they are going to win...
If u gonna tell us 2 follow sum 1 make sure they follow back¡¡¡
True! Very small percentage of my friends or circle are even concerned with legalization of marijuana
In bed but not sleepy : /
4 questions to ask for transformation #1 What has God done for us?
And Daniel Boulud said this at the Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honoring Catherine Deneuve
Just watched latest episode of The Walking Dead. We hardly knew ye, #Dale -- R.I.P. Gonna miss Jeff DeMunn on the show
You're a great actress I wish you all luck in the world
Omg who said I fucking believed him god people chill the f out! Ugh! Now seriously buhh byee
i love it very much miss u guys on tv
New Year's Eve!! Reserve your table yet? 973 589 2801
People need to grow the fuck up. You say you've changed, so prove it.
Unless Kobe goes for 81 again then I don't see them beating OKC
I'm not even all the way done with it and I think it's one of my favorite new albums!
CHECK OUT MY VIDEOS I JUST TWEETED SHIT CRAZY
At least it wasn't wine and Chinese food like last week.
So they probably lose another 100 eh?
I know :( its so sad.
Welcome #Peyton to the #Broncos family!!! We are happy to have a consistent quarterback with the ball! Best of luck to #Tebow!
one of those guys is the greatest defensive player ever. the other's sole goal in life was to never foul out of a bball game
We now offer wireless monitoring, no need for a phone line. Arm/disarm your alarm with your phone. Alerts sent to your phone.
You cant scare me stick it in the union
Who ordered the poopoo platter?
Lemme kno if it's good. I'm gonna watch One For the Money RT : Think ima finally succeed in watchin The Vow tonight
# vegan Greatest talk ever by Dr Neal Barnard today @ PDX VegFest He rocked the house so hard it was SRO for truth, peace & health Go Vegan!
Laughin at a comment a friend made "ppl with twitter pages, who read tweets, or tweets, should kill themselves with a small spoon" lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
Disk storage has had unpredictable performance ever since DRAM caching came out in the 80's #SSSS1 ...
When I get paid imma treat myself I need to b alone
Doing a strictly reggae set at today 2-5p. Mention my name for smooth entry …
Come by secret gentlemens club. Im here til 2am.
Testing… this should work.
Just landed back in the MIA from an AMAZING trip to Punta Mita MX well needed!!!! But as always
Niagara is so bad 95% of America questions if we have even have a basketball team or just an intimidating intramural team
Blondes also belieb i dont care if justin prefers brunettes 1 of justins 1st girlfriend was blonde,TAYLOR SWIFT!& U Smile video gurl!
I Fangirl all day every day, I take my job seriously.
Almost 500 likes? Psh, lets go for 1,000. Please "Suggest" this page to all of your friends and family!
Belittling others, you did not rise.
Spoke to our School Safety Specialists today. Thanks to all who make sure all our children are safe and ready to learn!
So sleepy today, 5 o'clock please hurry!
Drinking wine, a dull knife, and a slippery round orange gourd...this should be safe!
Ok, we admit it. What do you do when you make adults cry?
just got home form TX had a great time filming for Germain TV at the cutie patootie pageant I won grand supreme
Naw im not
I'm sayinnnn “: #Pisces compliments you. They are the missing part which makes you whole..”
Pasties and panties show TBA
No grace don't!?! RT : She got a du rag on tho -__-
you should always love your mother
Riding a motorbike to friend's villiage today in search of the best Bali coffee!
Yeah... And you wonder why I don't have friends... Lol... I give their grandma's heart attacks
Nice. Facilitate negative press for your own school. Doesn't even bother going through the tip line...
the Yankees < they suck.
defending rather obvious-seeming claim that nonsense is funny/silly/trivial in advance of epic swamp-camping outing Sat-Mon
That's Not Fair!
I always feel unimportant to my friends. no matter how much i do for someone...they never notice...
Yeah, I got this. *Music comes on* omq why can't I do this correctly?!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness." ~Frank Tyger
Pandora's box was busted wide open after the first lawsuit was filed. Plaintiffs' lawyers saw explosive facts re alleged fraud.
WHY oh why are my nipples always so hard?
Support your local community and shop locally this holiday season! AZHG has supported the local community for 20 years and counting!
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke
Still an amazing game, and USA was awesome. Congrats Japan.
how much for exclusive rights
She's faking
I did not know that. All the more reason for it to be open for use.
what is up with CMU lately, it is constantly down, sellers have got to be getting frustrated
Thanks Loren!!
Just met the head of software development QA. He is totally in the super duper details. Is it just me, or are QA and UX going to be BFFs?
they had to end transformers series for good cuss you weren't in it lol
Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.” ― Rumi
you win! DM me your email address and you'll get a ticket link :]
Finally placed the order for Kickstarter stickers, designed by my main man Check out his website/blog: www.charliewagers.com
Easter, pfft... It's all about the Cadbury's Creme Eggs.
daaaaaaaamnnnnnnn. I didn't see that coming
Big test today and i didnt study at all ah D:
Our last concert will be June 4th! Come join us! www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
we need a Omarkelly show of some type ... LOL , talk about jordans , nfl , rap...ect
Might I recommend Goldman-Sachs elevator gossip.
Happy New Month!
Woo Hoo! GE just planted tulips & daffodils with the help of student & parent volunteers Mesa. I can't wait til spring!
glad you get those job perks!!
I am a peacock, you gotta let me fly!!!!!
LOL okay :-) I had to stop using mine until I have a dishwasher. Needs a non-detergent run & don't want to take it to my parents
Apparently I was a slacker this week on the blog. Back to the regular schedule next week! Yes we're still at the Cully Community Market tmrw
#WeWontWork if you don't take me out on a date LBVS
"Every person who has mastered a profession is a skeptic concerning it." ~George Bernard Shaw
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit - Vince Lombardi. Get up and get moving, don't give up!
knows whats up. Look at her last tweet.
13 yrs ago at the Excalibur Hotel & Casino, & I were married. So far, the odds have been in our favor.
RT : thx! Love your videos! <Thanks! Now following
#truth is I love you <3
#Joker didn't get much respect ... hope he has a good year ... I
and hey, if you're looking for a texting buddy...(;
Hello, Twitter friends! Been so involved with the BIG MOVE haven't had much online time. Going to be this way for a few weeks.
so we let them play in the league games and the first teamers in all of the cup/Europa league games?
My sis Bday bash🎉🎈 Tomorrow Savagelife.ent also in the building with the lovely ladies of #EnvyMeEnt!!! Come join us
"WELL ID SEND RYAN TO YOUR HOUSE, THEN ID MAKE JUSTIN AND NATHAN BE BROTHER HUSBANDS"
I'm Fucked Up In The Head.
thanks girl! Hopefully we can go to Catskills memorial day weekend!
COMING SOON - Vote for your FAVE Twitter charities to receive all sponsorship proceeds #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com
": Laughing improves creativity and alertness."
We've missed you too! :)
": I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you..."
I think guys should wear skinny jeans
maybe they are - the candy corn is purportedly made in usa, though.
Listening to on "The Drive" with Carl Dukes on 97.5 here in H-Town
giving people jobs always makes me happy
the anniversary party was a shit show. it's getting to big. expect a way to big crowd. i think this will be its yr.
Even worse, isn't the state going to charge you for that multiple times? Stupid new law.
En route to see the boyfriend ! #HappyValentinesday 😘
:) ...and I'll happily take any support you offer. I have lots of good stuff, and I can't wait to start releasing it!
Idk I'm bored!
Yes , Frank!?
know it.
Have you ever had one of those "devine intervention" moments? A car just cut me off on 85 & I lost control of my car. Glad nobody was hurt.
shut up, you look lovely darling 
cause I'm a bitchface
Good times! I appreciate you and John coming out to enjoy the tunes. :o)
forcing myself into an evening run
I'm with you. Add that into the mix and I'm just unbearable to be around. Lol
Break up "false start": When a couple says all the right break up phrases, stare angrily at each other in silence, then change the subject.
so excited for #BckstageRush !<3 love you!
I didn't get your email, please send again.
A2. Sun & Mon for industry oriented evenings & Thurs for the dirty experimental #EDM that shows it's face then. Weekends are cray.
Mal 3:5 "So I will come near to you for judgment. I will be quick to testify...against those...who oppress the widows and the fatherless..."
Minneapolis sky way system too cold
r u a guy or girl
Wow - even Bruiser the Bear rocking the #electricity uni. That's new.
12/2/2010 5 Social Media Mistakes That Hurt Your Sales Social Media Examiner
Ariel sure is making certain that I get my moneys worth out of this Chronicles of Narnia flick.
and you should keep it that way for many reasons
Yup just forget about ur best friend..no biggie. Lol prolly the worst feeling ever.
Anyone else having issues with the BTN? Sad.
will i ever get a follow back?? your fellow Dallas friend! <3
where the party at las Vegas?!?! Lol
More #StephenKing On #Writing: "...I don't believe WITH A HAMMER HE KILLED FRANK will ever replace HE KILLED FRANK WITH A HAMMER."
Missy Higgens is opening for , never heard her music before, but very much enjoying it
Mark Kanemura can be my Hawaii Monster guy friend (: but I'll never talk to him and he isn't moving back to Hawaii xD
Among the issues in Apple/Daisey mess are crucial genre ?s. gets it power from genre bending/mixing but this is always risky.
wow baby that sounds like a fantasy!!! i love it!
Its hot O:
I believe it. Most kickers are suspect. Pulling for Brady's to tie Montana's # of SB wins.
Lessons from political movements in North Africa? How might an African Spring look different?
Round 3 at #AAJATriviaBowl coming up.
Crib slats shouldn't be more than 2 3/8 inches apart (width of soda can). All new cribs must meet this standard.
Your feminism post? Right. On. Will def. reference it with my students (I teach women's studies).
as a matter of fact a guest dropped a 1985 merlot lastnight... :-(
Looking fwd to joining and the #LPCO Northern Region EDAs on Mar 26 in #Sudbury to facilitate a SWOT wrkshp. Join us!
happy birthday doll
SKC does seem a bit off so far, is it the turf or what??
I hear that! rt bathlander I've been attending talks on Linked Open Data/Semantic Web since 2008. I think it *might* be starting to make
#TheresNoWayInHell I'll Eva go out dressed better den my daughter..if I'm fly..SHE ASTRO!
How much do you love that you can order your food easily online?
Just spent 2hrs mtg w/ a new-veteran lib med spec who just went from middle to elem. Glad I'm not in her shoes!
Miss you babe, can't wait to see you.
Self preservation people
Who learning about
i just peered into my jacket pockets in hopes of finding cash in there. a $20 would be a welcome find.
Yes! Nice catch.
Haiku on Advent Silence: Done with all this din. Soft sigh, savouring small silences: Waiting for the Word.
Crazy night last night in puerto rico. Woke up in the house my mission trip was working on...
i think it "clangs" when you hit some one with it LOL.
Happy birthday, #Facebook!
I tried that, but is the type that kills the messenger.
I did omg I'm so sorry it's also when I type wast I don't really check my spelling when I'm writing & autocorrect 2
listening to Rick Astley on hold with the internet company... what happened to that guy? "Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down-
I'm just walkin without being led
*-But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in-*
I dont have your number :(
he-man woman haters club! one of my faves!.
drink whiskey-bacon-hot-chocolate, in a snow fort? :D
E-commerce collection network Kinek signs up three US e-retailers - Post and Parcel
not at the moment, unfortunately! We're moving to LA this week, should be there by tomorrow evening!
Thank you Nicole :)
Who iPad is up an running Yayness. It's a Bruce Wayne kinda night. I'm feeling tech savy right about now.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Just to see you smile I'd do anything
You think Dion could be a lottery pick?
Hi Ashante! Are you going to come check out 4PM Magazine's newest Issue this Saturday @ Tutto/Notte?
hi ! have you had a chance to look over the applications? I'd love to meet with you!
its Gonna cost ya lol
There's a huggy hippie bond i'm feeling with anybody sitting outside right now.
So true. It is about engagement not monologue.
That has to mess up your alignment hitting one of those dont ya think?
using google maps to travel through Germany, then having skype convo's about WW2 is prolly not the best idea before bed, weird dreams ensue
I'm going to the Louisville one. Oct 28.
WHO IS ONLINE ?
Showalter: "stuff like that will be something they'll reach back for and get better as a result of it" HUH??
Patriot, the American scream!
heard me n bjs championship song?
What did I do faster? Each an entire bag of chips or read the Hunger Games?
steve, are you coming to Colorado again soon. I'd like to meet you.
you know how he gets when he's really hungry!
yes, TV ad (aired on Fox during preseason football). can't find it on youtube yet; must be new? was very funny; won't spoil.
No sex with anyone in the same office.
I can't wait to sleep in a real bed again
Striving to be better than yesterday.. Good Morning!!
Shocker with an awesome 25 points in the last jam! 3 minutes left to play: Hurtin' 274 - 93.
Today is the 10 year anniversary of TLC's Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes death... what are your memories of her?
dude. Fuck yes. Those movies are amazing. Jean Reno is a bamf.
Focus on language that can be verified. Avoid words in press pitches like "fabulous" or "exquisite"
“: "What does based mean? *blows in the mike*" - #NYULilB”
On the way it's the Monday morning Match up, match the hit song with the product at 978-1023 and win... listen to Generations 1023 or 94 1
Zakk wylde's guitar is in my favorite restaurant :)
The best birthday present for me would be, to meet Ariana! But well, today is YOUR Birthday! l-l-l-l-l-ove youu!
TRANSFER TO PITT. RT Yeah, after college just move up here.
Forgetting to take your coconut water to #BikramYoga = light headed city!
Leaving yoga last week, hung back w/ another over-50. Fascinated how many people called to him as we walked down W.72nd St. to the subway.
I couldn't agree more!!! Get a fricken life!
Thinkin I might pierce my nipples whatcha think?
id love to? How can I? (;
you know i cant either
Hehe, our founder is originally from DC! East Coast + West Coast love!!
Similarly, if you get divorced on January 2, you will need to file jointly (or married filing separately) for the prior year.
I'm so ready to go home its cray...
Late night Taco Bell with my main boy Gonna miss this kid.
Super disappointed I missed last night at the :( I hope he comes back again soon!
Every second in my life was leading up to this very moment right here.💚
If watching the primary tonight, I would ditch cable channels & go to WGN -- they have Chicago local coverage, better source for IL returns
R U a Georgia Catholic? How do U feel about the birth control mandate? email:
Redtail Records & Keen1 , release the new Cd "Time for Change" on Itunes,Amazon,Napster,Rhapsody,CD Baby, Just Google To find more..Today
About to be a long 3 days before I head out to San Diego.
How many Clevelanders plan to purchase a Danny Granger jersey?
#MUCat voices of experience: when Blackboard explodes, call tech support.
:) I thought that email address looked familiar. Thinking about my counter offer.
Beiser: This is the right thing to do for the kids, a more rational response
Pierre thanks for following!
ha, how's that?
is it too much to ask for a simple follow and make me happy ? I love you please follow me !! <3
Austin is moving to Miami? I'm happy for him to pursue his career further, but I know him as my Texas boy </3
That's fine, only if its a plenary session and it can be all about optimizing SPARQL queries. Take that, fluffy conference! ;)
You belong to me, I belong to you.
BRAND NEW!! Great song. :)
I want an icee.
"damn i'm nasty. I mean, you make me nasty.".
I agree he knows he can keep stepping up his game before the league... Honestly wouldn't be surprised if lamb and Teague stay
I don't mean to imply that you are either ignorant or a bandwagon jumper. I hope you didn't take it that way.
Tim Janis Blanketed In Snow (GSD Version)
Did you know that unlike most delivery drivers S2YD drivers use heat bags that plug into the car to ensure in-house quality.
he moved in with me <3
It makes absolutely no sense that live Masters coverage doesn't come on for hours. What's the deal ?
Thx friends! RT : thank you for the wishes. Today's weather definitely sets the tone! Hoping you have a great week as well.
Omg you made my day. I thought I was the only one who found others showers confusing..lol
Fandom is SERIOUS BUSINESS. ;)
I saw someone say earlier "some people need to just crawl in a hole and rot to be honest" ...i think i agree...ha
why thank you
Listening to the new Brendan Bendon AND the new Jack White in the Offices today.
Forecast for Today: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms in the morning. Then scattered showers and...
lol i know I have said the same thing! Dice K was eating fried chicken and playing video games. Lol
Just to Getaway out of Slabtown and put in Pinball Magic.
10/11. Not sure which newscast it will be tonight.
using flexbox instead?
your on a roll, just do it.
Finally starting to watch Game of Thrones. Looks like I found my summer TV show.
your last day was today lol
Habitat 4 Humanity meeting today @ 5 in the admin room 304! Come out or go join a loser club
I think having my gall bladder removed felt better than this cold/flu mess. Please go away I have work to do!
I'd send you guys an online submission about your blog but I didn't get a response. Is there a better email to use? Thank u.
you're awesome! It's one of my favorites, too!
I'm a Brooklyn boy. I was born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised there, and spent most of my childhood there.- Robert Jay Lifton
ya kno tht paperclip frm microsoft 2007? I thought it would be fun to get it on my comp. Now that stupid son of a b!tch wont leave! $&#@!!!
Give it up for at least a second. I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude, & how you walk around like you shine brighter.
Thanks to Find My Friends I always know when is safe and secure at home.
Go colts got Andrew luck !!!!
Now that my head is clear, I've really only got 3 things to focus my energy on and they all are linked to each other.
Gym.....always pick gym!
spent the day fixing up some old sculpture art dolls getting them ready to sell, so far one is already in the shop and the rest will be soon
Oh how i give anything 2 go back to my HiGh--*~ school daze lol
Sometimes I think College bball players are in the NBA . So im like "I wonder what kind of house they live in or how much money they make" .
im a young. soon to be firefighter....i gotta stay good lookin and clean haha
Haha! I can relate to that. #txbloggers My main character (me) is all over the place.
One problem, of course, is that the patrons aren't either.
Pretty sad Rashad lost to that fag
thanks so much <3
Youre following me on this account so will u Please follow me on ur new account?Please(:
Tomorrow is 2012 Fight For Air Climb in #Miami to benefit at Southeast Financial Center - we'll have 4 employees there!
Hey! Those flowers were like $50, and then with the delivery? Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeit.
I'm killin the game, my club off the chain...
Lol...u silly. Move back and get to work
Peyton made up for more deficiencies.
She is! : Cats Fucking sexy. RT Robbie's a little bitch .-. and Cat's really stupid :b
omg do much fun!!!
In a situation like this, a would normally take umbrage. But my insurance doesn't cover it, and I take the generic.
SEO Edge: Control incoming links to your site for best #SEO results. Skip sites w/3 or less Google PageRank as they will have no real effect
LOVE CARE WORK LOVE the children you have PLEASE PRAY REAL LOVERESPONSIBLE
yeah, & hey go to sleep its pretty late!(:
Send this to your favorite grade school teacher. They love free stuff: www.brianpcleary.com
A local window company in Super Bowl ads?!?!? .... #WishfulThinking. :)
Isn't the best name ever for an agency?
Colleges seek more 'full pay' students to boost income.
2 or more actions behind = his money in the pot stands? too easy to angle otherwise
year , lol I don't care for it at all, jus gettin it till the 5 , I'm not payin anything for it ,
Hot Glue gun +1. Audrey +3. Zombies +Undead. I'm still winning. But ow.
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!!! to all the fathers out there hope Ur day is special...
What up ninas ?
Hey , I'll be in your studio audience tomorrow with Give us high fives, homie!
CONTEST TIME!! Retweet this to be entered in a drawing for 2 AirTran tickets. Tell your friends! (winner to be picked Monday afternoon)
hey Loick my friends Ruff n smooth will like to work with u....check u tube Ruff n smooth - swagger
National Championship trophy available to fans Saturday
We're NYCHUNT.COM if you're ever in NY and bored, play our game, we stash money around the city and tweet clues!
Thank-you ...
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." -Jim Ryan
kevin harvick was fast from mid pack to 3rd in one lap, damn
i married ijever for fun lol i dont even know who that is
I hate traffic!!!
What's in your TBR stack this week?
somebody isn't being applicable to sleep.
You gotta know how to compete and win! #mommieDearest dropped some knowledge.
see you on saturday!
Starting tomorrow Friday November 19th we will be staying open until 7:00 pm. An extra hour for you to enjoy our coffee!
I love providing the sound effects to baby yawns :)
i love u so much everything u do is inspireing from your music to nsn3d I love everything u do cant wait 2 see next!
incredible work. hope to see this kit out in the world soon -- the resolution is incredible!!
Eagles beat down the Giants. Excellent game! People may not like Michael Vick, but he sure can play ball! You go Michael!
Thanks bro. U already know I'm partying all weekend
yup! loving it haha
Rain rain rain
“: I will go down with this ship. And I won't put my hands up and surrender. There will be no white flag above my door.”
Still dnt kno who imma go to prom with
glad you're enjoying it!
R.I.P. Junior Say-Ow
I also pulled out the nice enclosure card, so feel special
Lovin Natalie Cole
Twitter rocks.
Congratulations winner of Innovation Award for Marketing & Comms
#NP "that's not love"
Sophia Grace & Rosie Perform 'Starships': via They are honestly the cutest ever! :D
Had such a great time shower- bring on the wedding!!
The right will be busy dehumanizing Trayvon and humanizing George. Too bad George didn't humanize Trayvon. This would not have happened.
Hey, guess what!?! I hate my dad.
Really nice of you :)
Just got a promotional email with "TBD" as the subject line.
My favorite Disney movies are Tarzan, Aladdin, and for some reason, the Little Mermaid.
Happy Friday!
You know you've had a weird day when eating roasted garbanzo beans are the highlight.
all I know is "Eric lights the Lampe" is making a huge comeback #bringitback be on the lookout for some "MmmmGood"s too
u should enter the ellen degeneres dance contest!
Breaking news: Bobby Valentine getting run out of Boston. Says he misses Japan.
#WouldYouRather Day is here! For the gents: Would you rather go on a date with #JoanRivers or go blind for a month.
Ahaha! Nice move lol! I swear everytime you talk you make me pee my pants laughing!
Well shit. It's been fun
Migraine, awesome.
Sling Media Slingbox SOLO | iPhone Updates
Live at The Chrome Cat: Hot Club of Lansing Thursday March 17, 2011 8:00 P.M.
Aw snap Pooty tang on
This officiating is fucking garbage
Lexington Catholic until Rick left to coach the Celtics.
"lawnmower don't care" /cc
I know! I'm like seriously done with him and all his 'manhole' or 'manwhore' jokes. And like I'm legit gonna stop talkin2im
Doh! Will let you know who wins :-)
I wanna know how she knows him ! You're an amazing writer <3
he must fancy you like the rest of us in Florida do!
#wcphilly Affiliate networks bring in the most money.
stomp rockets!!!!!! So remember those
Ok Bump time for Cupcakes!!
The one (social media) thing you should do today: add a headshot to your profile. ESPECIALLY married women w/ new last names!
Jackie just heard you on M & M, guided me here!! PLEASE TWEET MORE!! This BOSTON GIRL loves your INSIGHTS!!x
It means something crawled up your ass and died.
:-) they seemed curious! “: So, instead of a driveway moment, you had a freak-out-the-cats moment.”
I just made 14 sit n my lap& I rocked her like I use to do when she was a baby. Then she started blowing n my ear to make me stop. It worked
Lincecum pulled back for a pinch hitter after Burriss grounds out meekly to 1st; Nate Schierholtz pinch hitting
Daylight Savings Time ends tomorrow -- set your clocks back an hour before you go to sleep. Oh & have our Full Monty Pizza.
Tip of the day: Expose for the highlights!
RT : A9: The content that works on blogs and Twitter, sucks on Facebook.
We're reading this book in my reading class called "Tears of a tiger" & I'm obsessed with it I really dont like books but this 1 is AWESOME
Great working with you, Kim-Marie! Please do not hesitate to contact us for support. Your success is our primary objective.
if I didnt already have enough reasons to hate his overpaid ass
Dave's not here, man.
whats your email?
There are so many great #musetech sessions happening right now. Want to be in 4 places at once!
Hi my early birds! Tchaikovsky's Valse Scherzo coming up---excellent way to start your day! Violinist Gil Shaham's performance not to be...
Happy Friday!
#WeWontWork if your overly annoyingly nice
Thanks for the shout out for the Miracle Marathon. We're getting ready!
Performing at tonight at 6:30 as Free museum day!
in class and i have no clue whats going on - but im here and that's all i know lol
I see... Ukraine? Business trips or for holidays? :-)
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 98
Shower is done!(:
BLiW CDs and LPs now in stock at Logan Hardware in Chicago!
"thinking that if people were rain, i was a drizzle and she was a hurricane."
We missed you at #summerofdresses tonight!
oh ha. Made me laugh.
are u & collaborating on his album ??? Luv ur verse!!!
what weather do have where you live?
Come down to grand ave for #phxff We love visitors. :)
Thanksgiving is just a little more than 2 weeks away! What are you thankful for this year?
Is it Lord how mercy or Lord have mercy? LOL I'm slow
You think Keats was writing to this prompt?
Put your head down and push through the wind! Great drinks and hot food await you at The Eatery!
I seen a commercial for them mcbites lmao that shit is still funny as hell
Rise of the Planet of the Apes gets 2 thumbs up
It's pretty fun how I have received three phone calls before 6am
It's saying we have to evacuate because there will be another after shock D:
Has a GM ever signed separate comeback players of the year in consecutive seasons? (e.g. Berkman and a presumptive Beltran)
What is one thing you packed that you're REALLY glad you brought with you on your semester abroad?
moving back to Cali so it's been real hectic so what have you been up to? You cut your hair? Looks good bro
support your guy
lockout workouts were so much fun! Best event we ever put together
OK, this one I love.
Great article Pierre, you're spot on. When the trades were made I was concerned about chemistry but we were out worked.
A person is a success if they get up in the morning and gets to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. - Bob Dylan
I got some friends/fam in town
yeh you gotta wait 6 months from when its approved in cali. if i got married in nevada like i wanted itd be done already.
NWQ BOLD is Punch In The Face.
First, The Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown. Now nibbling on candy corn. This eve improves by the minute.
My #FridayReads, The Last Boyfriend (Berkley Books) by Nora Roberts. Like this The Inn Boonsboro Trilogy.
talk about feeling old........
writing. writing. more writing.
nice, its my off day as well. I'm enjoying your pics you are a real beautiful woman.
Damn I like #Jlo's style she be on to the next quick!!!!
OK 2day wa the worse day EVER with my bullies
Thank you for following us!!!!
I know you're kidding, and pardon me for saying, but OMG you are quite beautiful on your own. Gisele is Gisele. You are unique!
The world is full of abundance, but far too many people expect little and as a result they get little. ~Ben Sweetland
Hungry again...
What up mile high!!! Miss seein' your face!
I'm out of town. Any links to live streams?
Andrew texts my ipod number xD
"Garamond is my Helvetica" #ThingsMyStudentsSay Is that good or bad?
Totally dropped the ball with the Bara-Te guy in Vancouver. Should've said, "Sober does not exist in this dojo!"
<--Mistress Wife--> A wild bedroom comedy! Lust or love?! Which will you choose?! ::Paradise Hotel:: 7:30 Nov. 19. theatre.sdsu.edu
no, it's the brewers mini marathon. Starts and finishes at Miller Park. Good excuse to get my ass in tip top
really does she have in any vids jk
!! that would be great! I'mma message you :)
Ya.....parents always wants us to watch decent games
Most organizers of anti-gay-marriage initiatives know they're losing long-term. NC House Speaker openly admitted it.
Get ready for the 1st ever MMA event to take place on the beach on July 9th in www.xtremecagedcombat.com/
Time for some #coolhaus action #designdistrict. We'll be at NE 39 st & 2 ave in just a few....
At home relaxing after long week of work ... I feel spring coming ... I hope.
... I haven't seen her for years
lol already done! Tell her loves from me and I hope she gets better fast! Xx
Glad I went to at 4:45PM! Got a popsicle from the Pickled Swine and a Polish Boy from Both tasty.
getting in MORE trouble for telling the truth <
came to my UNC Charlotte journalism class to talk with us. Man, I'm gettin' old.
Not well...still don't have Eclipse...still awake...watching Friends season 2...
Hell yeah..... everytime someone tlk about diggy Mb and all them i wanna cry so bad cus of the CTMDT -_-
"If you carry yourself how you're supposed to, no man can disrespect you."
😒 what's so funny?
interested in hearing ur thought on debatability of the overfishing point. True, it's inexact. Do u feel study isn't accurate?
ok ate mais love u
Per the internet is like a casino: no clocks, no visible exits. Canned air, always brightly lit. I can hear the ringing!
and, in truth, doesn't FSU want those teams in conference to make them look better?
could also get to Mars on the plans developed by 'fiscal hawks' to cut the deficit
hope you're feeling better real soon!
yes WAY too much the crutch of music. I want ambient sound. Learn how to capture it. I teach that
kisses on the forehead >
WHATS UP TWITTER. GETTING READY FOR MY NATIONWIDE COMEDY TOUR. GET ME BOOKED IN YOUR CITY SEE YA SOON...........
Go follow our bieber account :)
let me eat that PHAT putty girl
thanks. Have an awesome weekend.
The weather heavily dictates my mood
YES!!!!!!!! my dad just told us we're going to disney world this summer!! we thought we couldn't! omgomgomgomg yayay
RT : #STEM is a gem! "The top 10 bachelor-degree majors with the highest median earnings are all in STEM fields." -nga report
so i totally wanna ask u like 5 sexy questions.
I would wife up rihanna
can't wait till ur next movie comes out :3
but you're a bird!
is bringing it w/ this discussion about Moms behind bars & being shackled in childbirth. important issues.
:3 Okeii :D lol, I least I didn't go to school the whole last week, that means i saved myself from a week of boredom
Rain or shine, the treehouses are always open with great classes! Try Kira's yoga flow today at 4:30pm in South Miami!
Let's go 49ers!!!
one for solo, two for duo.
Okay I love following you but your all caps 'get more followers' tweets have been a bit excessive today! Get it together :)
Thanks, I appreciate your kind words.
We do!!! it's called Subway lmao
Daniel, thanks so much for sharing!
ya spend it on ur own ass!
A very Happy Birthday to the girl who makes it happen... ! She's gonna conquer the world one day.
I hate when pol call me Akeelah n the Bee... That's not even my name -____-
just wondering, cause you said there were lots of white people lol ! couldn't be a hbcu ! lmao !
Done with Portuguese exam .... one more on friday
Each day brings 86,400 seconds. Whatever isn't used is gone forever.
What does this week bring? Don't know but bring it on!
Thank you for your kind words about my art gallery! Would you be interested in an artwork of your boutique hotel?
Well ford has pulled out also Chrysler should also for that matter
There's a little bit of a devil in her angel eyes.
Love my theatre community! Lemme say it again--I LOVE my theatre community!
That AutumnBreeze is still hanging around ---- "Luvin it...!"
The final nail in the coffin was tapped in this weekend.
you found it!
they put steps behind the backboard...no distraction.
#NeverForget #Remember The attack on our Pentagon.
Lol really? Go burn in hell bitch. No pity for you.
Graduation pictures tomorrow.. Fantastic.
what happened today?
Wow! Congrats David!
Getting drunk with
I told Jonathan that he needs to go have gay cowboy butt sex.
Scott Simon. #home #ownership is a choice related to demographics. Eberly discusses home ownership and
not so bad, fixing up a bands facebook at the moment and waiting on an email, same old
most of them ate expensive. Easier to refer people to your website if that's possible and use rafflecopter
OW QUAD! Quad! QUAD! - Becky <3
Hi twitter, long time no speak lol thanks to [:
Yeah. Was down in Seattle for two days to watch baseball. How have you been?
Dagger Jack has taken a bit of a turn. Remains to be seen if it's a good thing or his GPS is malfunctioning.
tonight im a baker :) my friends are gonna love me <3
Also okay to email conf. organizers and ask if there's a hashtag. If not, set one up yourself!
Thanks for the suggestions! They sound great.
Happy Mother's day to all the moms, puppy moms, kitty moms and even daddy moms out there!
Hines v. Davidowitz, 1941: SCt struck down PA's state-level registration of aliens as an "obstacle" to federal government's immigration law
CBS News/NY Times poll must be flawed! All other polls show Pres. Obama with 5-10 point lead. Is CBS having a Gallup moment?
never mind found her!
I'd be happy to help answer 's questions! (Thanks for thinking of me, Rhonda!)
anyone want a cookie?
Conductors:The prep gesture can set the tempo without necessarily being rigidly in time.But you should have a reason for "breaking the rule"
Super Care Clinic has only had to treat 12 patients so far. This clinic is first of its kind for a
'y'all need a deep freeze that would hold a body for everything you want to put in that fridge'
Re: Hilary's hair. Totally agree. She needs her campaign hairdresser back.
Congrats on such tremendous success thus far ! Can't wait to grab a brew!
joyces mom will drive us back to slinger after the bars tomorrow!
I don't understand..
Head is hurting so bad #need2cuddle until I fall asleep an #ugh moment
Lil sister-ish is super irate about the hossa hit
AH-Anyone can become angry. To be angry with the right person now that takes the right degree at the right time for the right purpose ah :)
doing yoga... Wii Fit style
Evaluate Ethical Values of #Employees.with SPOT (Situational Perceptions Observations Test)
Twoplustwo for over two minute man?
Slim must be too excited to have his boots off. He just been tweetin shoes and socks lol
#AMAHigherEd has been real inspirational and informative.
Jumbo mortgages may be making a comeback, as lenders loosen their purse strings to approve more of the high-value home loans.
May have just fallen asleep in the hammock instead of working on my final paper. Here's to 80 degree awesomeness!
u coulda told me sooner ;)
Scuchando al Rey del Pop! :D 100% fan de Michael Jackson
Ah, I remember them now. Whole group is based here. Wonder why press stories call them a "shadowy" nonprofit? Seem pretty accesible.
it's in... Happy now?
Have a good meeting.
It wouldn't be a road game for the cats if we didn't look out of sync most of the 40 mins. Not being picky but very sloppy at times.
Gusty winds will continue for awhile mid-day: valley gusts 25-45mph right now.
im gunna watch jersey shore tonight ! <3
im about to post my summer pics because im bored is that ok?:)
Giants got this. No problem.
Tebow and Rex Ryan in the locker room later this year —Tebow: Let's say a prayer before the game. Ryan: F--- that.
Thanks AK! I'm pretty excited about it!
I thinking I'm gonna start cross fit Monday.
Ah getting closer and closer ^-^
The Weeknd- Birthday Suit Lyrics
I know busy BEING librarians to read much about libraries, but I think that might be his point. Isn't there value in lit?
Metta world peace sounds like a boxer postgame
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
Be sure to come see the show in the morning at Wiregrass Ranchers Club. I will start at 10 am on the main stage in front of Macy's
You creepin?(; if so follow me!! <3
Coming Soon: There Will Be Composting.
I was writing music in between it! Haha it was my vacation from everything & everyone. I got a lot done & watched a lot of tv!
thats what she said and yeah but keep trying
So we have an awesome new light show for you guys :)
Remind me to check out that mtv superfan thing when I get home...I'm curious...
Got out of shower
I understand my mother has chronic pain! I hv recently become a beachbody coach & this is my path to help ppl battle depression
So what do you think? Is the new season of #thesingoff going to be good?
thanks for the shout!
so stoked about you having me. I'm about as stoked for RockStarMotel as I am my own projects.
:) Taking a pic with this and filling it out? haha it's a good way to promote your band!! Action Item & Hot Chelle Rae did it!
This has been the wildest March Madness I can remember in a long time.
imma call just so I can hear your sexy ass voice. 😉
Cinco de Mayo and the brassy bold sounds of are in the Lounge.Tell us why u want to go and we'll pick one tweet for a free pair
Show the love peeps!! The bad you do always comes back at ya X10 !! just wait!!
Right back at ya
basically, an OED of knowledge objects for the stuff you need to train. Am I getting close?
Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
We are motivated by so many of the same things.
Fichera & Miller continues to successfully represent injured workers despite the drastic changes to Workers Compensation statute.
Iran will "never" suspend uranium enrichment or close mountain bunker - ambassador to IAEA
Officially on the way to lake tahoe / San Fran
lol I'm glad you liked ! I would've loved that too btw. Damn work :/
Ok. So was that like secret clergy code for "I need sermon help." Just call Bill. He has boxes full of sermon ideas.
Tomorrow is my Friend's Birthday! :) what gift I should pick? ;)
you should come to Brazil in the summer (: imma be there! :D
How is the world doing!!!
Craig Owens back in Chiodos?! WHAT?!
Time is fleeting / madness takes its toll...
Go Team! RT : Live #WOMCC coverage thx to our live bloggers
( yes. I would like to. very much. )
Thanks a lot, how can we do that? DM the details
I had a glass of this really good expensive dark beer, but I can't think of the name of it, do you know of any?
historical scholarship isn't based on archives, it's based *in* archives. it's based *on* evidence.
I am so thankful for the United States' clean water and the law banning smoking indoors.
This to a female because ur a scared little girl u know everyone talks smack about u.. Including ur "fake friends" but their guy so u don't
Good Friday Morning!
cuz u worked So hard today. Make a drink
Two best parts 1. Shakespeare in the park 2 stan lee.
Classes start May 1st reserve your seat now for an exciting career in Aesthetics! 630-434-9053
He is already EATING all the yogurt! What about organic milk? And how did Holly Golightly's Cat survive if milk is BAD???????
First dog: Toby. Street: Longbranch Drive
Omg i miss that dude !
Pretty clear who's side the refs are on tonight
Not tonight sorry !
I said it last week and I'll say it again. Annoying people really step it up on Monday!
Michelle's big day, op. 1, no. 2.
Don't text me if you're gonna reply with turtle speed.
And a fire!
Work. an ivention made to fuck people's days up the ass. #BendOverWednesday,HereItComes :(
Fear trumps freedom and faith trumps fear, so our freedom is found in our faith.
Been training up all day. Its one those days you come home and wanna hit the bed but you know theres other shiz to be done. ROUND 4. Trick!
And myself for that matter
so stoked to hear of impending novel! Sure man, I'll proofread, clearing an afternoon. ;)
Sorry 8. , 9. , and 11. you were so close! DM us anyway with your info and we'll send you our Album too!
Who Am I and What Am I Doing Here? Teens Coaching Teens Will Help. <3 ;~}
my mind is open wide , and now i'm ready to start .
I love the interesting things and people on twitter. One of my newest twitter buddies is a balloon twister from Australia
Nice. Definitely a mental exercise.
Rockers have a way of finding each other! I hope u have a great week :)
Slice at least one excess lemon and put it in your garbage disposal. If you happen to have one.
omg jus listen to an . new song an video omg the video was sad bt love the song. keep it up yall
you can never have enough lawyers!
One hour left are you going to make it?
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home. Bill Cosby
Well I hope you have a great vacate! :) Love, love, love your voice!
Every girl has 3 personalities: 1) When she's with her family. 2) When she's with her friends. 3) When she's with the person she loves.
I promise we won't take it too personally. But, come in soon!
Sippin and I'm faded.
HAHA. I know, right.
Subsscribe to my youtube channel Collapsem3 im like the fourth one down
J'nae bedtime story >>>
Scenes from the Michael Flohr Show at Shaffer Fine Art August 7&8 2010. Thank you all for coming! We all had a fabulous time!!
I dreamt I was having a picnic with a bunch of gay men on what we kept calling the "Beyonce Knoll" -- It was awesome.
Dammit my sister has my candy.! -.-
Just did (:
Thanks for the follow!
Soo did I it was amazing austin threw the pic to me but then ma freind got it i gave it to her..
maybe! I do Italian like the olive garden.
The weeknd gets me in a good mood.
Finally feeling better after a long nap.
Just left v 103.3 in atlanta, look out I'm coming!
haha OF COURSE you're all excited about going to a day-long, Hip-Hop extravaganza? I would be too. ;)
Toffee Mocha from Starbucks' Mayfield & Lee this afternoon tastes so~~~ good. ^_^
that text just sent me>>
Wait, do you work tomorrow?
Man God is good getting ready to go see my sgt. Lewis before i go to the army... missing my rust college family
Them sandles I see every female with <<<<!!
What an amazing weekend tho :) so happy.
Just started downloading my copy. I feel like a kid again, except I don't have to change discs this time.
trust I accept the challenge. ; )
Even with RGIII, I don't think the Redskins will have a winning record next year. Giants, Cowboys and Eagles are just too good.
aww sorry I guess it really hurt your feelings
Nothing like blasting Girl Talk at 730am driving to work & getting dirty looks from other drivers. Yeah be #jealous of the fun I'm having.
The day after the show is a holiday, so make sure you make it to the event.
oh that's exciting.
2 hours to go. RT : Ferrandino said ball is in GOP court.
can't wait to be in NYC!!! So excited to see the greatest city in the world.
....no it cant be.. RT : is the best I love him way more than I love 😍
Nice work on our credit rating.... What's next?
where should I start looking for auditions? Any tip on how to find agents/managers would be great.
Think Like A Man saw that movie Its was good & funny As Great Movie 2 take your mom 2 see 4 Mothers Day
Ik.. he's lame too xD
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine? Once upon a time I didnt give a fuck, the end :)
Awesome thanks! If you don't mind - one more Q: It's a long plane ride (NYC to Hawaii) - is it safe for that length of time?
happy holidays
Today in 1920, the Symphonic Socity of NY became the first American orchestra to make a European tour with their Paris concert.
Fuck testing tomorrow.
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mom's, MaMa's, Gramma's, Nanna's, MomMaw's & Grammies out there! We Love & Honor you today!
Friday June 5 De Young Museum Salsa Dance party FREE with lessons and Edgardo Cambon's Candela ...Mama put on your dancing shoes! ybgf.org
Hey everyone!
ya its really good haha no prob!
lol right he was talk too a one minute man for reals hahahaha
Bad Bitch , Lotta Ass!
Word RT : It's your Life. It's now or never.
Dear god I hate watching these people grind.
My roommate just bought me some Applebees to go. Um. Applebees and Basketball Wives tonight at 7pm. Sounds great!!!
you guys still supporting your php library? Major issues with validation errors / missing documentation is killing our deadlines.
Cherish the friends who tells you a harsh truth, wanting ten times more to tell you a loving lie.
hello there! Thank you for following me! You are a retired artist? Does that mean you don't paint any longer? I hope not :)
why not missy?? I enjoy reading your rants lol
Thank You, Anytimee & Yess I Would Love To Be Your Best Friend! (:
I am happy day light savings is here! It is nice to have more sun!!! Go UNC btw!
A day after firing the hitting coach, too.
How do you think our #Ravens will do without Ray today?
seems legit
it appears that your twitter has been hacked.
you first tweet me when your done
-_- awkward moment when we are both going on a 'date' with him anyway...(;
Wow!this bitch really trynna be likke me!
God, please do in me today whatever brings you the greatest glory.
I wish I wasn't so tired.
#tonyabbott is back in his bugie smugglers oh gosh...
just saw a prius with a wu-tang sticker on the back...
if you need someone to read it .. ill willing :D love reading everyones stories
Going 2 sleep finally. Chillin w/the lil bro all day tomorrow after I get him from the bus station in BR #family goodnight
Lunchtime yoga!
&#39;One-Night Stands&#39; And What Happens When You Happen To See ...
Scared money don't make no money!
Red Gatorade on a 75 dollar white polo???? EHHHHH WHY NOT
What’s in a face? ~ What moves you…when you #dance? ~ What follows you…~ your #thoughts, your breath, your stance?
Got a new remix for you!!! Hands up and touch the sky, the track should be up tonight! Thank you for 22K! d-_-b ♫
Please excuse my excessive tweeting for the next hour. I'm participating in the #blogtrends chat. Come join in to discuss blog/life balance
as long as they don't find a Bin Laden Sex Tape, we're okay.
Wish I could have lunch with Warren Buffet too.
Get me out of Florida, please.
#GymPetPeeves Too much man funk.
I want more #misfits. I have no idea when it comes on though, it being a british show and me living in the United States...
Landed in Austin for #railsconf w team! Weather is beautiful!
hehe yeah its cute but now its awkward around the house since he's my brothers' best friend and Jeremy is like...
THANK YOU LORD!
Did you know...Our mission is to Improve Lives through Leadership in the Prevention, Control, and Cure of Arthritis and Related Diseases.
it's too high! It's too high! “: watching Major League. Never gets old”
thats a tough one....i been to both about a million times in the past couple months but i always been a fan of subway! :)
It's never fun to end a season but I will never forget the memories love the seniors and Ben hedges
Draft day. Let the wheeling and dealing begin!
Becky rocks!
Introducing the new place to connect with Hospitality Alumni! www.nyit.edu/management/student_advancement/hospitality_alumni
Made the deposit for university of hartford <3
Hello & I can't wait to meet you both=)
dope! I went yesterday it sucked! Congrats once again catch up soon
Philly Sports: Penn State Crushes Pitt And West Virginia In Spring Football Game Attendance – SB Nation
Breaking News!!! Every Justin Bieber Fan dies while listening to shit music!
6 Weeks Fitness Challenge and Member of the Year winners
loll oh yes of course! 👌 whispers *funny looking* lol
commercial break time for sit ups
Nicest guy in town brought our moms flowers when we took them to brunch at No kidding!
Sweet!! I think... haha RT : You're like a unicorn.
every degree, I reach that point where I seriously consider dropping out and becoming a stripper. I'm so there.
It's sad how some ppl never learn no matter how many times they get hurt.
Time for another evening of #NASCARPrimeTime "Gentleman Start your Engines" #NASCAR at
You just gotta promise me hearts won't break
How you feelin'....Welcome to Milwaukee, Enjoy Our City!!!!!!!
it would be pretty cute if u saw this and actually noticed me.
Cheers! Thanks!
How have customers changed since the recession began? Tune in and hear from John Patterson!
So Paul George misses two FTs and nobody says anything, but LeBron misses two and you say he chokes?
STOP lol just sing along(:
silence of the hoes
Back from the lake front, it was cool:)
code wasn't recognized :-(
not even fair. :(
damn i feel like my 5k tweet is taking forver to get here.
woo! glad to be your 100th follower!
No comeback tonight, but they still made it fun to watch.
This shit is for real
I look forward to tweeting about my professional and personal ventures in my graduate studies, studio productions and life in Colorado :)
Patrick Swayze's Dirty Dancing song She's Like The Wind was originally written for Grandview, U.S.A.
Thanks so much! We love the great work you and your foundation is doing! Please let us know anyway we can help!
as they say 'bring it on'
Thanks for the follow, Jo.
Going to club anything tonight for the $5 all you can drink show and animals in human attire!
lets not be bums!..let me know when you want to get beat playing some wii again!..
Thought you loved your Kindle RT I call dibs on the iPad 2
Just stopped by one of our offices and there was 32 different flavored Oreos
hope you have a great week!
What happened to Raven Symone?
great seeing you all in hazard. you seen some die hard uk fans lol... UK always number 1!
I wish I had a big basket of Strawberries and the Annenberg Estate in Palm Springs.
Wine helps everything
Happy Monday #SanDiego! Did you take your #car2go anywhere cool over the weekend? Tell us about it!
Yay! See you when you get home
Heritage language retention is being found in minority speech communities as push back against the globalization of language.
Stanley Fish is like the Mitt Romney of literary critics.
ive got to see the avengers
Hey Thinking its time to gather up #indycar drivers, teams & racetweeps in for a #tweetup?
Road trip with Frank
Ever notice on all youth FB teams there is one dad that thinks he is Lombardi ? Why doesn't he volunteer to help coach ? We all know why !
If you want something from me. I suggest you monitor your tone.
; i should say that i need you here. but i'm gonna party tonight. cause honestly i just don't care. *
oh! awesome. have fun tomorrow!!!
last night they were out in full force. riding harrington the whole 4th quarter almost caused twitter overload
Fr.peter is so cute!
Shoutout to Lebron James 26 Seconds Foundation..every 26 sec. a kid drops out of school.
#Tweet1700 for I don't deserve a bestfriend like him :) <3
Watching american dad. All three of us in bed lol.
1st appt after 5 days NYC travel that included 1 sprained ankle, 1 sick husband, & lost luggage w/all the essentials is a no-show.
Goodnight/morning tweeters
TODAY'S DEAL - $ 5 for $ 10 Worth of Discount Food Coupon at Korean Town Food Court www.igoopon.com
oops no offense to ya man
Here's my four bucks for that toilet paper with your twitter feed... From #NYEBN https:/www.spacesplitter.com/how-it-works
Yea, too bad your Green Bay boys couldn't carry Moss' jock on their best day.
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
thank you. :)
your welcome
Detective Weisman. It has a ring to it-
S/o to the nigga out there chopping his check up four ways but only got one kid by the bitch,keep up the bum work
HONESTLY if you even read my tweet after the one where I said I was taking your idea you would have known it was a joke
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
Sometimes I just wanna tell u I miss u but hey what's the point
At work. Was hoping to get a midnight kiss from my 2 year old patient. Then he fell asleep.
Coconut water is really growing on me #yum !
Food For Thought ~ Bad Hires Are Expensive - 41% of companies estimated it cost their organization more than $25,000 per bad hire last yr. …
welk if you don't know..now you know lol
We're looking for #women owned #businesses in #NYC. Know any? We'd love to tweet about them!
Curling up with a cup of green tea, snacking on a bagel with strawberry spread & about to take a nap to rest up for tonight. ♥
thats great :) could u maybe ask ur followers if they wanna join? u dont have to, im just asking :)
"the team full of pros" couldnt finish
I laughed when I saw it, too.
#onlyifyouknew how much you mean to me ;)
Do the folks in your family that are living dairy & soy-free allow soybean oil and/or soy lecithin in their diets? Let me know!
What in the worrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllll
i will keep you and your family in my prayers greygrey...i hope there all okay<3 God Bless them<3
I really hate the way Ben treats Amy -.-
Go Navy
right on!! Hard work is the ONLY way to success!!
it has all week
Do you know why it's buried? Leave it alone. Sicilian saying from
This wouldn't have anything to do with a certain couch #memory would it LMAO!!! “ Oh em gee I ♥ Italians!!!”
#Dropsofjupitar never gets old.
that's scary
Happy B-day to John Williams; that composer who makes you partially deaf enough you can only ever hear HIS music again.
I'm sick of people talking about The Avengers movie.
Does that include "how do I use Twitter"?
"You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him."
Just got my rain barrels out for the year and they are already full.
LOL will arnett has me dying!
All day I've had a scratchy throat...I didn't want to believe it...but now...UUGGHHHH
Book is coming kiddies :D
OH: I don't care if tanning is bad for you. It's important not to look ugly. Cc:
To deposit your loose hairs on the shower wall is to enter the bond of Sisterhood
Im a beast!!
all my pride is all I have & you'll be needin me but to bad ;)
She ain't got no walls!!!
let's chalk that currency blunder up to an iPad typo, shall we? I guess I need more keyboarding practice. ;)
I love when my wife IMs me AutoCad commands. What's does "re" supposed to mean?
Does anyone think Titanic 3D can knock down Hunger Games? It's doing big mid-week numbers...
You forgot Brunswick, Ohio!!!!
Whats worse than driving in cedar bluff traffic? driving cedar bluff traffic in rain
Spend Mother’s Day in beautiful ! Mom’s get discounted $22 tickets to #Titanic on Mother’s Day with paid child admission!
LIVE FOR THE MOMENTS YOU CAN'T PUT INTO WORDS
ha! RT : She had some 99 cent lip gloss on her snaggle tooth.
thanks for the retweet
Washington state has declared a #whooping cough epidemic.
where can i find copies of your magazine in houston?
the awkward moment when I go out and buy Krave because you tried it xD<3 true Mahomie(;
“: I guess the cat's out the box! :D” Where did you get that? It was cool! Thanks bro!
That's not my speciality. I'm not going to lie ;-)
Girls that take pictures smoking
Would love to! What time is the game?
I think only HSAs require high-deductible plans; FSAs can be used w/"traditional" health insurance plans for Px, co-pays, etc.
a week with no school... swag
Went 2 tiny Tri High in Henry County,won the New Castle Sectional 76 n 77 before class b-ball. Had school, no classes Mon after
#WhatAWomanNeeds, money like a white girl needs ass.
Finalizing the presentation to give to realtors on remediating code violations. 15 minutes needed snacks included anyone interested 615505…
RT : That infuriating feeling you get deep in your brain wondering why Rondo, like Chris Paul, doesn't make 19 layups a game.
I saw you lady
I think the NFL is oversigning.
Yup. You must be a fan of my stick figures.
New car.
Hope everyone had a safe and Happy Holiday with their families and friends.
Adversity is another way to measure the greatness of individuals. I never had a crisis that didn't make me stronger.- Lou Holtz
There was a female zombie with a hot body breaking through the fence in the beginning. First one yet
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
i hope im not some toy...nice guys always lose...
Boys soccer game gettin my tan on!!
It's happy hump day once again...whoo hooo
Now all my super ladies I got my baby, if you got your baby, baby
Hopping in the showers.
How can you earn your RedStar this Tuesday?
If your blind then your equally in jeopardy
Thanks for the GhostWalk mention -- greatly appreciated! Hope we see you this weekend!
we used to wake up every morning and record then hit mr BBQ for lunch
Someone should send me all the trending topics right now. Please.
Hm. Makes me reflect upon my own relationship with my brother...someone, get me out of this fetal position!
i dont have an Iphone
Oh well that's what brothers are for😊
Manning interview was actually really sad !
To quote Howard Stern via Fat Joe "I keeps it real up in the battle field..."
Well no one is advocating government crackdown on his language, so I don't find free speech relevant imo. Just private corps.
LeBron James has really stepped up his acting for the playoffs. Tremendous energy to be able to flail on every play.
I love my icon, Austin looks so young :)
Elaine Smith: A Lifetime of Serving Others Dog-loving nurse founded Therapy Dogs International, and leaves a wonderful legacy carried on
what's your spelling error?
14 and u?!
Definitely a need. You've obviously never seen me. RT : sure there is no need for that
Just know sooner or later i always get what i want
I don't remember much about last night. Those damn captain n cokes I forgot what they do to me!
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm tournament. Head over to and join!
BP with $$8BILLION Profit this year.
the older we become... life has jus begun...
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother your daughter is 5 years old & can't read, but she has boom-boom shorts & door-knocker earrings
7 fabulous Sunday tours call to you, celebrating local eats, gay history, Venice Canal and cemetery lore & the stars of old Hollywood.
Happy Mother's Day! :)
somehow I just found this message.Thanks for listening! I try to be objective which usually infuriates even more people!!!
I'm saving all my love for you.
Episode two is coming........SBN
nice songs! Loved them!
Hope you have an awesome day too!!
say it ain't so! Ata girl take advantage...afterall it is Chicago in January.
wow, Dave Webber with a trip in the way back machine. :)
My 500th tweet! Dedicated to . Love yew bebe
slipping on a business card too funny!!
I want to curl up and hide, blah. But I have to go to work for 3 important meetings this afternoon. Boo.
California's offseason youth hockey story? Mergers ... some make complete sense, others have me wondering.
Infant mortality in my neighborhood is three times the national average.
Time be creepin
masturbation is a habit. its saying "hello, have you forgotten about me?"
So excited that we got to see the Bat pod and Tumbler in person today & it is incredible!!!
i'm the same way. once you model you can never got back
I think I'm in need of some serious Omega-3. It just can't wait until Saturday! cc:
CHILLIN AT THE COSMOS. PATRON ON DECK LIVING THE PLAYER LIFE LAUGHIN @ THES HOS AS THEY STILL ON BROADWAY TRYNA DO SOMETHING WIT THEY LIVES
A dream should be something that you feel you can't live, if you didn't do everything to achieve it! Live large, dream bigger!!!
"bench points" is going to be the narrative while Laker guards utter lack of defense is the real story.
I'm at a payphone with
cool.. only things i see here in ky is an old tub or potty with flowers in it on a persons front lawn!
If ur on spring break have fun and be safe! If ur in #Austin 4 #SXSW welcome! Hope you have a great time and enjoy our city.
do I look like a mom? Lol just kiddin
Gave a little Chardonnay to my palm tree today..don't judge, hell he deserved it.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The state enforces child support, but doesn't assist with visitation or help the parent-child relationship.
Last chance to grab tickets for the Red, Black & Blonde premiere at the Very few tickets left
email is @
I ate like total crap today. Not kidding. Im totally regretting it.
Working day shift makes for a LONG day!!! But I had a good day. On the radio for the 1st time for 4 hours... It went very well!!! :-)
#storyofmylife not even kidding
www.Web Promotion.com in an alliance with SmartGuy.com now offers your article creation and optimization where your business is the star!
I think my yoga instructor may be a merman. They were gills flapping under that tank top, had to be.
One nation under God indivisible!
Tornado warning posted till 7 am for all of South Florida. Be safe.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence -Vince Lombardi
Thanks ! I had fun talking #colwine today!
I'm watching American Idol, and a commercial comes on for a dance show, and our song is playing.
Welcome to the business world!
BRUCE!!! () #metlife Who else?
Boarding a plane. See you in a week, Reality. Viva la Mexico!
Need in on BYONETICS. Help anyone?
So great to watching this game through the eyes of a Kansas fan...
RT : Learning from failure has been mentioned by several speakers today, the gaming folks and now Design Challenge.
Don't forget our #deal today! Buy 4 boxes of Green Tyvek #eventwristbands get the 5th #free w/ coupon code 'til midnight!...
You guys? You guys! The audio book of DRIFT contains several patented giggles! Totally worth the price of admission...
“: I just dropped my laptop off the boat....It's a Dell, rolling in the deep.”
haha, oh yes(;
Thank you to all the mothers that spent a very special #MothersDay with us today. It was a wonderful day.
WOW! It's really THAT crazy?
not sure yet, maybe next week?
all your #taiwanese fans are going to watching this one, only no body want to hear you say Seeya this time
Once had a similar problem- but with stolen checks. Clerk wouldn't cancel my checks bc they thought I was one writing bad notes.
Tonight's distinguished citizen and humanitarian of SF award goes to:
Yeah, I hear ya. I can't wait for the season to begin already.
omg thank you soo much!You're welcome(:We've been supporters since you were only on youtube&we'll be supporters until the end
All this water, tea, medicine. It's no working. Hopefully more sleep will make me feel better. Goodnight
The power of social media and citizen diplomacy coming together is uncanny
says that he will vote to protect Arts and Music, but that the core is reading, science and math.
sec championship is legacy changer? Hahahahaha
Working for "The Man" sucks. But "The Man" pays.
Julian deserves to be an abdc, you must be fucking retarded if you think he doesn't.
Tony Gwynn 97.6% for HOF vote. Another example of a guy that should have had 100%
I'm mad excited to go to detention right now
Why does it have to be like this? Can't I just get over this?!
"They tryna holla at me, But they all on mute"
Even if you not a fan of Travis Porter you have to love at least a couple of their songs
bars still open!
