I dont even know y or whn that started
Both & have books on audio books. Cara won't listen: she doesn't want to hear actor's voice. Rhys likes her reader.
people are coming to my apartment to watch Fools Gold w/ Matthew McConaughey in Houston, TX you can come if you want
lol. I was at Harris Ranch for lunch in my way back up from LA.
#nercomp12 Bronx cc - peer mentoring.attempt to have at least one person trained teach online in each dept that person serves as peer mentor
Happy Valentine's Day!!
Just watched vampire get the shit fingered out of her in the gym...high school these days #smellyfingers oh and that ruined my lunch tha ...
God I love you. <3
lol me 2 but we still gotta have a little joy somewhere In r heart by the way I saw Ur pro pics ur so pretty LUCKY!!!
So this is how I don't love you feels like #RedLight <3
Think twice about accepting a drink from a stranger.
Playing DJ hero all day, then found a new obsession on YouTube
Beautiful singing and remembrance of Dr. King today at American History...so very lucky to live in DC!
Played #bf3 for the first time:) now I'm gonna try to play gw3
thanks greg. Try this coupon code for a free trial "twitter" at neybor.com/redeem includes Virtual Tour, mobile site, TXT #, etc
Lol that's what makes champs!! “: Just finished the hardest 3 hour practice of my life with Holy crap I'm dead!”
Can you bat in the two hole? RT : I just don't know what more I can do for you people.
thanks for the retweet
im hungry for Gods presence right now! lol =D
you just dont have any good pics ..sorry😢 hahaha
Typical! RT : So...You're telling me I didn't need to spend an hour in the car wash line on Saturday?
you got to love - first #keynotunde at sxsw. :)
Looking at GIS
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month, please get tested and let's be a part of the solution and find a Cure.
What's the score of the Celtics game mad im missing it
grand champion pig owner
how much the victor costing tonight for ladies
Wisconsin, a normally good FT shooting team, has now missed 4 already.
Lady I Luv Ya but God I don't about eating that !!!!!
If you spend your day taking pics of yourself, you need a life. No one wants to look at 300 pics you take of yourself everyday of Facebook.
Ghost Bar - The Palms Vegas. W/bgood & drauppaa
brand new episode in 8 hours!!
Mañana a las 10 pm est mi show "Salsa es lo que hay".
"Our city should be fully committed to funding early childhood education." You are right .
your going to that game?! so jealous I wanted to go!
you're welcome! Thanks :) ☻
So true :)
Follow she is two away from breaking triple digits. And she's the most beautiful woman in the world.
Oh you do high school cheerleading? Please continue to tell me how much of a sport it is.
It's not officially the holidays until your neighbor inflates a 27-foot tall reindeer on his roof. So now, it's officially the holidays.
no one said life is going to be perfect; build a bridge and get over it
I'm deciding on our first book this weekend. Let me know if anyone has any last minute contenders. I'm excited to get this going.
You know your shorts are too short when your ass sticks to the chair. -__-
If by weird you mean Awesome, I agree! “: Its so weird seeing Damon in an Indians jersey”
Catching up on webcomics reading.
I love the latest release of #firebug. Much more stable, javascript debugging works much better.
Good morning America Good Night China
Never mind Kenya. What about the people who clean those rooms and the owners of the resort? My God, y'all!
#NYG edge blocker went with the outside rusher. Big mistake!
Enjoy it while u can. No xmas or spring or summer vacations in the real world!!! Was a rude awakening for me!!
I know girl. I'm not too good at it.
I'm just gonna subtweet Lauren in the 15 minutes of math class we have left. :D
You're also starting to swear like a Yankee.
Yes, of course.
It's almost 70 degrees this Feb. morning. Feels like I should be heading to the pool.
Now, "suicide jumper" on I-35 bridge at Town Lake.
Come see Clue this weekend at
Fuck all drugs dealers... Smoke the herbs that was send to us from God.
hey what's up
when i wake up i think about them.......when i sleep i dream about them and i just cant help them i got the infection ;)
' going to Greenville : )
Who can make Muhammad Ali Blush? Hint... Grammy Nominee..... Come See
People have truly forgotten how SACRED marriage is, i swear i REFUSED to become a satistic when my day comes.
Don't say I don't care -.-
This is really depentant on the time of day for me.
Eph 6:16 Above all, take the shield of faith, with which you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Why is my Twitter not working!?
I know-- longest break since this time LAST YEAR. Watch movies, drink wine, make holiday crafts, and oh-- READ :)
Enjoying my very first library conference!
Poor Tom Brady, he's gonna be so miserable tonight while he's having sex with a supermodel.
so great seeing miss tonight - feeling so inspired at the moment :)
happy tomorrow!
Already on the way to 500! Thanks to Keaton Smith for the big 400!
I'm on an all time high now I just finished 9 songs in 4 hours smh beast mode
RT Best spring inspired Haikus win the last 2 seats @ Canlis staff food & wine pairing class Mon @ 3pm. Tweet back or comment on FB.
I want a baby hippo..
We were thrilled to have you back for another quinquennial.
Rain Delay: Game 6 of World Series Postponed
Will do. Thanks, bud!
* me watching your latest keek* me after it: LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. you could be like the girl with the funny talent ;) hehe
yes. I post my calls on actors access so if you submit on there i'll see it.
me too!!! So happy on my drive to school:)
Thanks, Jeannie! have a great weekend!
Lol he talkn to my voice mail
RT : “Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.” ~ Mother Teresa
Do you want to carry our Sunscreen? Drop us a line! All locations thru USA
Long Tail of the Big Bang - sounds like a Chinese folk tale
Fantastic! Anything fun - no. After the beach, just heads down in CSS & Crystal Reports all day. I got a couple of IPAs in though ;-)
Thermal mass is so important in heating and cooling our buildings but always overlooked!
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 35
ill be in lincoln for that too
I think it was more like the nutrition facts were wrong.
Heinz! It was magical seeing them all tonight and I actually spoke to Timo Hildebrand!!!
I have 2,500 followers on reaching 13 million users into the 2nd-tier. The trick is, getting followers to retweet and
okay, just let me go to willy wonka's factory and go in the stretching thing
The kiddie circle pit during A Dog is a Dog Storytime today was so awesome.
well at least you're being productive! I'm going downtown and it's cold and i'm jacketless.
RT URGENT: Youtube is removing videos of injured and dead protesters. SHAME ON YOUTUBE - SAVE THESE VIDEOS. #IranElection Plz RT!
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters. Inspiration can come in many forms. What inspires you to go that extra mile, to be great, excellent?
questions of the day?
in a good way ;p;
I don't know why he bothers with them. He has a ton of loving fans he could reply to but he replies to the ones who constantly hate on him.
Do I have to file this away with all of the other things to read/watch after I finish ME3 or is it spoiler free?
// never sleeps anyway. This is unusual for me. If we had an Olympic sleeping team, I could be the coach. :)
just gt off at eight and gotta go bck in tha morning ..blahh
Thanks to all my new followers at home & abroad. Really looking to expand an already great network of brilliant ppl
I smile because you are my children... I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it!! :-) Happy Mother's Day!!
#workwednesday need tools programmers for gigs in #boston #sanfrancisco, &
Wore my t-shirt to the grocery store and received multiple compliments on it. One man even told me he has contributed $!
head exploding from following 3 live feeds!!!!!!
Lora and Jerry have all sorts of VA grown produce - peppers, tomatoes, onions, corn, potatoes, hoop house greens, local apples, peaches, mm!
dude you have no idea how happy I am right now. I'll fill you in soon ;-) but it deals with that gal I told you about!
Go visit our friends in the free speech area! They're selling baked goods
Hehehe hopefully or the only one winning would be my pee cuz i really need to go badly
.. So I got home alone. As I turned off the lights, I put his picture down, and maybe get some sleep tonight? ♫ ♫ ♫
is the 9-1-1 apology press conference scheduled?
ayy haha we need you on a joint
has some awesome ticket package tools - you can package consecutive days - great tool for weekend NYC trip planning!
Beyonce Working on Two New Albums!
Congrats to Jess & Frank Attere on graduating with Bachelor of Science degrees from the University of Iowa! Well done peeps!
Random babble
Just met some MLIS students who didn't know about pub crawl. This should be LIS701 folks!
Castleton Midweek Connection tonight! 5:30 dinner and 6:30 classes. Hope you will join us!
I'm saving The Wire for when I lose faith in TV. So nice to see you! Remember to take a break between Game of Thrones episodes.
I've been waiting for a response to email for 12 days (Help Request #:15132-763454). Is that a normal wait time for you?
Good hit on crisis. It should be a national story.
@#bebold get my act together and we'll be just fine in the new year.
tonight :D
Where does Cee lo keep that white cat between takes?
apology accepted
Intuitive Business Mentor Coach - I work with business women who are ready to know and acknowledge their truth and play more...
whats up y'all?
At Grand Casino, Hinkley sick but going to play a poker tourney in 30 minutes.
Happy FRIDAY :)
Walking down the street to Beavers to grab lunch, hopefully the rain doesn't get any worse.
someone wins at beard growing...
Monday through Friday at 10:30 we offer our clients referrals for assistance for services we do not provide!
$NCVT: This stock has been swinging between .07-.51 in the last 60 days.
Turkish get-ups, handstand pushups, and clojure. My kinda Friday night.
Excited to have #ACPA12 just a few miles up the road from me in downtown.
: there is always someone to listen, just gotta know who will! :) love you baby!
Paddington is a very obedient bear, they'd know it was me. And he's not on twitter.
hahah this is what an english language textbook looks like! :) I've always wanted to see
i loved tonight c:
Have you shared our page yet today? Once we get 3,000 'likes' we'll give away some awesome prizes!!
Tired after balling at the Johnson Cent.
Think I'm gonna hang out here tonight and maybe just watch some tv. Kinda tired. Or...maybe I'll go look for treasure. Nah. too tired.
YIPPEE, so delighted my thriller SHADOW CAY is now on Air Force One! ;-). Also, see the white van in the forefront . . . I'm driving it!!
ITS MY PLEASURE
But then again I have no pool & no one go come with me 😞
good to know lol
if you use it that much, then I would upgrade. You can really see the difference reading on it.
Last night's score: Final: Riveters 203, Suburban Brawl 60.
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Wegmans - LIPITOR -
can i get a tweet from you did it
well im getting off and tomarrow i better see more followers if i dont ill get REALLY MAD GOD DONG!!!!! now ya'll have a nice nite lol
Is excited to be leaving for Sunny Puerto Vallarta Mexico in the morning for 8 days!!! Offering readings at The Selva Romantica Complex!!!
ED ROBINSON'S ALBUM "WRITTEN IN STONE" WILL BE RELEASED MARCH 17, 2011 AT LIQUID BAR LOUNGE (LBL), 322N. CENTRAL AVE., VALLEY STREAM, NY...
Don't even wanna predict the outcome of this game.
Maybe the studios will do more to support his future projects, instead of killing them early.
baseball fans in the Midwest watch #playoffs when our teams aren't in it, guess no surprise coasties would rather watch sitcoms.
I see you're in the wind business! Hope it's a big success! Happy New Year and all best. R.
The haunting is SUCH a boring movie! I wanna see the Avengers!
Trailblazers and Thunder are truly great teams... They make for some exciting basketball for all the fans out there!!!
": Explosion reported at First Bank Plc, UNIPORT Branch, Choba area, Port Harcourt."
Is it Spring, yet?
FYI: our site is designed for orgs to setup profiles and connect as well! Feel free to setup a "KidsNeedTheArts" account!
Home again after a great few days in the mountains. Now looking on the same 14000 ft peak where we stayed, but from my balcony 30 miles ...
Would be extremely helpful to prevent stolen medical identity.
Please ck out our Barbara brown songs you will live them!
Terrible show by our friends in M8, too.Husband and I shushed them, which was stupid, ineffective and bossy. Awful all round.
great day for guacamole and margaritas!
When I Listen "Bloody Mary" I Feel Like I'm In Paris, Would Be Amazing To Be In Paris Now!
8% claimed perforation of the nasal septum from their nose-picking
Wow! I believe it...
G'night all. Saving the world 9 times tomorrow.
Tweet to see it First! Bring Paranormal Activity 3 to your city early. #ParanormalActivity #Dallas Vote:
This. RT : If you can't sleep, always remember that every season of Hey Arnold is on netflix
Just swam in the ocean for the first time in three years.
Apple hits $600B market cap. At it's current rate half the world's economy will be on $AAPL balance sheet by 2050, etc. :)
if you let me you'll probably end up pregnant and in jail and in aa
A Chipotle Pepper....watch out! Spicy!
Thumbs down to for getting my hopes up for Thursday night, but he still gets the best big bro award.
♥ Been Wanting To Be Called "YOUR GIRL" :)
How is everyone feeling after the #Milwaukee99 After Party ? What a great night!
Usher, another guy that is officially out of ideas. #SNL "ooh baby baby"? Really? F-.
Neva Take Anyone 4 Granted & Cherish All Your Love Ones B4 Itz 2 Late.
Theres a reason the rearview mirror's so small & the windshield's so big, where ur headed is much more important than what youve left behind
I hate hearing a song I want to know the name of, but cant hear over the ruckus in McDonalds, so then I hate people.
your so amazing and so very pretty I hope I get to meet u again on march14 for my birthday:-)
Speed dating benefit for work. SO glad I'm married! I feel like I should go up to the girls, pet their arms & tell them they're pretty.
": What happens if you are born today #leapyear" weird haha? Todays my cousins bday, only come every four years...
Why didn't y'all help me? If it was y'all I woulda helped y'all
The article on largest population affected by illiteracy in Alabama? cc:
Stupid people they need to mind there own business and stay out of mine!!
#ItsHardTo to love someone who loves you too much
I think it's already happening. We should call 911 just to be safe.
: snuggle in everyone
I'm getting on the Last Train to Clarksville tonight. Meet ya'll at the station.
you know what it is.
Future Facebook App: 'Find Your Father' DNA location platform
nothing much... just talking about austin's first cover! nothing important, you didn't miss much
drastic or whatever to your hair this summer? Different colors or new do? That would be so much better!
#HipHopPOV its alwayz hard to top of your first album but i think Nicki Minaj is still one of da dopezt MC's in da game
Sure. The mic(s) and video quality are very good. Good job.
it's a place to check in on four square. It's actually Bellevue, but someone made that location as a joke. :)
this is what happens for dancing for 6 hours, my arm in a brace and shoulder out of place:(
Looking at Apercu for a walkerart.org redesign – any plans for Typekit/other? (Fontdeck doesn't offer a font we need)
So much relevant tweets on my tl tonight
Just saw Game Change on HBO last night. What a great movie about the emotional gauntlet that is a political campaign.
god is a good god ministry remix
Alecia Silverstone feeds her baby like a bird?
Desire a #lifestyle discount vacation 4 nights $399 visit us
Thought of on my way home from work today when Chris Brown Run It came on Z104. :-)
Damn I got f**ked up
I need to talk to my boyfriend :(
Just got done with boot camp! Time to get some high quality FUEL in! Steelhead, brown rice, green beans, corn, and spicy V8!
So, could sing the phonebook to me and I'd be happy!
Did some guy just walk into the coffee shop with a 17" laptop and full size wireless keyboard?
I don't care who says what about you, I think you're perfect in every way
I'm hoping to get a Soda Stream for xmas. Does anyone have it, and if so, what do u think of the soda it makes?
In every woman there is a queen. Speak to the queen and the queen will answer. ~ Norwegian Proverb
Yep RT : #ff <-- cause sometimes they'll sit on someone's face. It just may be your lucky day.
it's their awesome coach :-)
keep listening to #mediachat Josh RT Where do they drive people? I don't understand the concept?
So 's post on Grennell says she "obtained" the statement from Romney's campaign. Can you obtain something from yourself?
when you find that secret sauce can you msg me :)
Why does your forehead make you look like a beluga whale?
adventures all day
any #litquake must sees? Working on my #onlyinSF list.
nice man. Sorry we never grabbed that beer!
When did WebMD become totally useless?
P.S. I know the not-pregnant bloat all too well. Glad to have put that behind me last year thru vegan & GF clean eating.
aww /: tell mari I can see her big ol' booty from here(; and she looks sexy ;D haha
Revisited this four years ago and are doing so again. Message me--happy to assist.
Me too. Meetings suck, but I think Im glad I missed this. I'd rather he name the last 5 Presidents.
ty for follow!
You're welcome! I love that one too. I'm not sure if you can find the song along w/out the video. If you do let me know
Not being conceited at all but.... If I tweet a chick jus tryna b cordial an they jus ignore my tweet..clearly they aint checked out my pics
I also let him "twist" my arm into joining officially and start private lessons on Monday and more frequent group classes. Yikes! O.o
haha I'll tell u bout it later get on Skype I jus got home from the city
I Listen To It EveryDaay!<3
- Check out the upcoming events through @ www.homelessfund.org/events. There are some great #networking opportunities!
They say it's going to be in the upper 40s to 50s starting tomorrow...we'll see.
Arhh :( No #twaalbar when I'm finally in Aalborg in a Friday..
CHICAGO!LAST CHANCE TO ORDER YOUR VALENTINE DAY CAKE! Yummy heart shaped cakes, made with love for your honey. WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
I love you fucking people. Srsly. <3 All love.
Cooking dinner.. Gonna break out the Wok!
I don't know if it's the low attendance or what, but both goals seemed rather anti-climatic.
yay, completed a successful Skype meeting with client.
#Help, is #sushi seafood?
Feeling the Twitter pull too much, with too much to do; gotta shut it down for the day. Have a great weekend, y'all!
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia, I can't sleep because I have Internet connection...
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe
:)": Upside of being my own boss: significantly lower chance of awkward office romance. Downside: same."
How many of you Guilfordians are planning on coming to WEDNESDAY WRITERS WORKSHOP?! "Like" our status if you are attending! :-D
hm u can use Vega protein powder..what's a good vegan substitute for egg whitesfor baking?
Sure, but IMHO, we really do need someone with a lot of executive experience. The state is a mess.
yeah and during c:
I think Hansa > Caylus. Hansa is kind of Caylus lite, in a way. But more enjoyable for a new player.
“: Who thinks crosby will play this season?” I think he will miss the whole season. Severe vagisitus
we probably just unintentionally sold a few copies.... Damn ...LOL..
omg i have great news!!!!
Neil Whiteman, formerly of Lockheed Martin Space Systems, joined Gibson Dunn's D.C. office as counsel in the government contracts group.
So glad we don't have school today 👌
this is gonna be a great game
Why reach for the sky and only get clouds in your fingernails when you can go higher and dust clouds off your shoes?!
When the NFLN has the bloopers on its a must watch.
Me too LOL!
You know you're getting older when you have to trade your mustang in for a suv.
follow and please :D x27
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 19
I meant to say poop, but boob is fine too
you guys here?
That awkward moment when you flirt with the monorail driver to get a sticker, and he flirts back. Greg, if you're out there, YOU'RE HOT.
So I tell big poppa I had a dream about him and the first thing he says is "did I make you scream?" typical guy -_-
American Idol judges are dropping fast! In these times of uncertainty Sourcical.com will be your source for colored Tyvek wristbands!
im so glad im not blonde anymore
Antonio McDyess is out as well. 4 starters not playing. That's crazy! We're like huh? in the truck.
Soo Glad i have no more Mcas
It's beautiful! I want to go back this weekend!
our first tweet! the archive project encourages you to share your #nyc #preservation memories at landmarks45.org !
I am not a fan of this. So stupid!
I read Game of Thrones out of order. Storm of Swords first. Sped-read The Hunger Games. Read Faulkner to a homeless woman. All are Fitting.
Re: Romney's forgetfulness: He learned that trick from Reagan! "Guns for hostages? What guns for hostages???"
call me cuz I need my hair done
It's buried under "More->Even More"
so the prostitute gets a dictionary and looks up prostitute gets paid for sexual favors. The Kuala looks up Kuala eats
Haha you and every other girl are forever biased for one reason...
I love you
GET THE QUALITY MUSIC YOU NEED WITH THE BEST PRODUCTION. DONT SOUND LIKE A NEWBIE, GET IT RIGHT THE FIRST TIME.
mine was literally a miracle!! Mrs jury I keep telling Alec I want your number so we can go to lunch sometime!
respect to Indiana Jones
Training Truth: Success in any training program begins with having a clear idea of what you want to achieve and where you are starting from.
just got a delivery...woohooo i love new bedding!!
Lets go chill out at the Zone of Silence.
You're welcome for the mention sweetie. Have a lovely Week! XOXOXO
Is Global Warming Causing More Home Runs in Baseball? - Scientific American
What decision are you most proud of?
great goal line stand by the Cardinals defense!! AZ for the win! DJ Emporio DIGITAL EMPIRE
Damn... The Seahawks are cleaning out the NFCN!
well yeah, he would have sold his granny to the devil too, for a drop of booze
thank you!!
“: Dear NC, if it weren't for the tar heels, you'd be absolutely good for NOTHING.” RT You should ban EVERYTHING NC!
Fido says-if you dress me up for Halloween, don't be mean & let me eat chocolate-that could REALLY hurt me!
Staples WON"T Honor Warranty on printer bought May '11 told to buy NEW ONE then return it within 14 days cc
Hell yes!!
sure you will you do whatever you want not thinking bout me so I'm used to it
& stay tuned for more news & updates as the #RHoNY premiere day progresses. Please follow 4 exclusive news as well.
LMAO I've watched it 3 times in the last month. Seems like every time I turn the tv on when i climb in bed its on
I can't DM you because you don't follow me, but I'd like to know more about your Mo Party.
Dislocations: A Conversation About Time: Sun. Feb. 12, 12:30pm. Matt Lamanna, Don Wentworth, Hallie Brook, & Justin Hopper at
On a mad unfollow-unfriend purge. If you are reading this, you have survived. For now! (Insert emoticon for insane laugh here)
what happened? Thought you deleted your twitter or something
I love how I'm cavalier about returning library books on time but get rampaging-mad when others don't for the books I want.
I'm not sure, it's been around for a while but outside of FL I don't think many people have heard it
we've got guys getting open... kyle has time... he just cant hit the receivers!
what a night..
simple sugars contain only 1 or 2 units of saccharides and can then broken down and absorbed quickly. an ex. is glucose
Oh, I'm planning on going! Wouldn't miss it!
Instead of waiting for something to happen ask "Why have I chosen to focus on the actions of others?" Keep my focus on my own action.
eves droppin' muck
Work hard, play hard.
Always got some to Sa
hey whats up?? i am bored LOL:)$
Afternoon lull. Re-reading "How to Win Friends and Influence People". This should be required reading at B-School!
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the earth ~ Rumi |
9/18-20: SEX & THE CITY thursday at 7, friday and saturday at 4 and 7. SON OF RAMBOW thursday, friday, and saturday at 10. All movies $3!
RT : Las Vegas' Mayor Goodman declared 2012 the year of downtown's revival. Excited to see the art scene continue to grow.
More than 3,400 #wonk T-shirts handed out yesterday at #CelebrateAU. What kind of #wonk shirt did you get? Send us a photo.
Every day It's the same thing.. I'm yelling at my kid to get ready for school. I don't like yelling at him, but really? EVERY DAY!
Yay #TanishaGetsMarried best bad girl ever!!
The moment when someone asks you what you doing and you're doing something but you say "NOTHING" :O
Working on creative development today. Good to have some uninterrupted time for brainstorming!
First bike ride of the season. My quads are KILLING me.
When you're up in life, your friends know who you are... When you're down in life, you know who your friends are.
always fascinated by the stuff that never makes it to our shores, esp. from Japan.
got tweet limit on
u better get a move on K!! the little one will figure this out before U!!
french braids
I feel that way about LA!
After losing $2 billion due 2 bad trading, JPMorgan Chase CEO #JamieDimon gets $23 million pay package thanks 2 shareholders.
Officialy switcing to washburn, this month! Yayayayay. So glad to get outta this school!
Walmart ’s Cuts To Health Care For Part-Time Workers Mirror Larger Trend How can you call one company out over other companies for a so
thanks for the mention and happy #WW! Walla Walla is one of the finest wine regions in the world - I love it!
Go Lacy...lol.
Love getting a Local kid but he will be recruited over in every step of the way! It's a 4 year kid though and that's gd
Mom. Thanks. Love you.
Done w/ Think and Grow Rich..now while I'm putting that into action, on to The Automatic Millionaire:)
lol! that drives me nuts, too. sometimes i find it, delete the tweet and correct but most times i just let it go
I can always tell when you draw with your iPad
Great early morning workout! Im refreshed & full of energy...Goodmorning internet Family:)
i think i might have just found a new way to watch my shows without actually watching t.v. hulu. am i late to this or what?
follow back? :)
Avery Bradley is such a tough defender with long arms & quick feet. Wow!
Get Defense bron!!!
"No bendy straw + no phone = no bueno."
in his new video! SO HOT ;) I want more!!!
Retweet or message me or do sum if your still up
Is it just me or has Dr. Dre got on roids tha last lil bit??
YAKITORI: Skewered Pork Belly, Chicken, & Rib-eye glazed in Teriyaki w/ Bell Peppers & Onions. Screaming Tuna- More Than Just Sushi.
ruggers out-hustling the reptiles.
the line for crawfish is so worth it and the music is great
Elmer's phew
Where are my Coog fans? I think Thursday's game is on TV.
looking forward to it. Can I get a grinder update???
yeah I'm sure we can
Reg 2 win blink 182 prize pack when you donate school supplies Edge, Hot100.5 office or Cox Solution stores. Contest rules apply.
ohh yeah I remember lmao, he's about to be 2 now
Nice! Good luck!!
i have 3 sons; they'll never have 2 face what trayvon did or live in fear of it. no one should. heartbreaking.
We are located at 125 Fleet Street. Saturday hours are 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM. That means be here and shop now. :)
BEAUTIFUL DAY IN LA!!! I miss the midwest sometimes but then that sun comes out and reminds me how gorgeous the west coast is!!
yo it was us who copped those beats just now (nice) do we get those immediately? we ready to knock em out
Everyone follow
4 since I been in the A, I bet my boy dray know what I'm talking about lol
its cool, it didn't bother me.
gud luck wit brazil on the quarter finals
Practice photos are up
Help our management company Sage Hospitality, turn Denver's Union Station into a living landmark, choose the hotel...
#Skiing on St. #Patty's Day in
will be tweeting from the Santa Fe NGA conference this week! Stay tuned!
Oh Betsy wanted Sally to say something about Wife #1 to Megan because Betsy assumed Megan didn't know!! Oh. That's bitchy.
I hate cocaine but I love the way it smells...
ESPN Fantasy Baseball meetings in Bristol a huge success. Success because I got home in one piece & Yu Darvish didn't make the top 30 at SP!
With taco bell
BTW when is the last time you heard a " Cal to the NBA rumor "?
I would rather be outside hoopN on nigga's then workN right now ... man this nice ass weather !
you kept trying to get something but that Steve Blake interview was cliche city. He's not worried about Artest or Bynum?
I wish my last name started with "B" so my next child I could name to have te initials "RGB"
killed my best friends now he's dead
Buckeyes in the final 4 baby!!!
Zack Taylor. The original!
Hold up (ice berg voice)
it depends on your clinic. Call your nearest for pricing.
as are you diva
Thanks to , , , and for following WNY Heritage Magazine!
Time to go to #starbucks and bid farewell to the visitors that were here on island. Have a safe trip back, mimi. xo
Good Morning! I love the Arizona heat!
Thanks for the follow. Just bought "Prohibition in WDC" and can't wait to read it!
they banged like 10 UNCONTSTED 3s including the one that won the game. not to mention our pitiful free throw percentage
I hope you had fun!
fire mike brown or get better players? Mike Brown didn't fail us. His team failed him and their city.
good thing we are renting a car and driving to madison on Saturday
Lowe is a reliever that I hold my breathe everytime he pitches. Make it fast so I don't pass out!
"accidentally" run into Anthony green and make some & tour plans?
Where is #onemillionmoms in the outcry against #rushlimbaugh???
Learned in the Dolphin Club sauna today: in an emergency, you can close a laceration with Super Glue. (Thx, !)
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its intrinsic limits and obstacles.
Today was the best day to work outside. The very best therapy while digging in the dirt. Achy muscles are well worth it.
Going to airport. Should arrive NY. By 4pm.
Welcome to my newest Upgrade claymorebx!
Read about our special Uncovered promotion in the fb link below. Bring OP music you love to friends that you love!
So very glad to hear that. My sister, a beta reader for me, wasn't convinced so I was nervous! :)
Anyone else get caught in that traffic nightmare this morning on the 805 N? My 15 minute commute was 1.5 hours ugh.
Not feeling the holiday vibe in Taiwan...
I an hour of sleep just to have time to doll myself up for you #BecauseYoureWorthIt <3
doesn't mean you should start fucking fights with random people, jeez calm the fuck down .and yeah im dumb , yep makes sense.
Follows me?? I feel so honored! Equal rights for ALL!!!
I looked for examples in my topic area to see what they featured, and then created my own with my favorite ideas.
Prof: “One of the greatest puzzles in the universe is how we can all sit in this room together … without exploding.”
well comment them!! haha imagen!! just like myspace all over again lmfao! and it's been a month and a half. i'm happy.. :)
Watch it out there, peeps. RT "Dangerously Cold Today" --
Life is getting better, day by day.
Yall follow my lil bro one of da rawest zoes in Duval county I co sign you my nigga. Big dog salute
If you've been struggling with any reoccurring issue, challenge, of problem. Chances are its a faulty system and not personal.
do you make a difference in anyone's life? or do u just spend days dissing people that u r so much less than!
oh god .
” You're easy on the eyes, hard on the heart.” -Terri Clark
follow me plz And thank u
lmfaoooooo hell no
Thanks! You rock!
it is.... It really is
I love Rock Bottom. Best pretzels ever.
MT : Spent all yesterday and today scanning Deaccession images/text from August to last week....for show
. wow. Favorite part of that was a BoSox fan being forced to type the phrase "hotter-than-hell Orioles."
CHEER FOR HIM!
you should work on that lol
Big Girls Don't Cry unless you take their big macs.
I wish that everyone called, emailed, IMd, and texted would at least respond in a timely fashion...that's the polite thing to do.
Baltimore youth are our valentines. Stop the youth jail.
She was buzzin' all over me like she fell in love.
Waking to subway....fone is about to die..be back later
Home from dinner and now a movie and trying to pair my iphone with my new helmet. Says it's paired but know sound.
Mos def! And Im sure Ill be back this way too. I told Diana, I have to catch a show next time. So now I'll know:)
be sure to check #Groupon on Monday... Hopefully what you see will get the week off to a good start!
“: Girls I don't like, who are friends with girls I don't like are requesting me on facebook.......why?” lol the
Shame I heard nothing about auditions. Only been wanting to sing with FOR TEN YEARS.
Who wants to chat about: Politics & the Media, Current Events in the News, Sports Topics, TV/Movies or Celeb News & Gossip? Send me a Tweet!
a walk to remember :)
Librarians are awesome. Y'all rock my world. Just sayin'
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. ~Voltaire
ur work certainly does... Have you talked to Ray Rast at CSUF? He knows these guys.
don't want to revise this essay!
no problem, AGTG
Everyone follow The man who asked the ELIte question, a defining sports moment!
- glad you're Skype'ing in to #flacon2012 today -- I was asked to speak in Peter's place but couldn't be there. See you soon!
are you going for operator dude? You know ? He's there.
: Thanks for sharing our #socialmedia news!
then they probably bought that program i was referring too
I love you are candy tkm ten kiss
what about mine?
I unlocked a badge for 20% off the check in LaGrange! Hurry! Get yours, it's fun! m Gourmet Burgers!
Ok Mario whatever tf your last name is lol
yeah I heard of a few people from here going too, I just got back from the PTA convention myself
DM We are looking for a contact in the Harvard School of Education to discuss a collaborative approach in development.
Twitter does this, try near:22903 within:10km
“: This can't happen 2 nights in a row with no sleep. I'm closing my eyes right now. #insomnia ” insomnia is for
girl, a sad day. what will hbcu's be like without a chuck brown concert or music.!?!?!?!
I just got a job!
Twitter friends, Happy to say I am finally done with school, AA Criminal Justice - CSI & a couple certificates! So excited!
guess, the one with the most swag ;D
yep that's what she said. Funny
must of forgot where we live ....
Early #FollowFriday - Check out these awesome tweeps! <3 (via )
will remain available for PT Baltimore/DC/SATRAD live or VT services probably until the end of time. :>)
You can only keep the "I'm Colbie Caillet" thing going for so long before someone asks you to sing.
Who is the greatest prostitute in history? Ms.Pacman, for 25 cents that b*tch swallowed balls till she died.
Haha do it up!
I like the note but i prefer iPhone personally may get note and windows phone for development
I got so fat working there haha so good
"The Internet: where men are men, women are men, and children are FBI agents."
thanks for the RT tonight!!
says water is not receding as quickly as hoped. MKE closed until at least 2.
Morning all
heather York just called Ed Echols ( head ) lol
Adidas is killing it with this halftime performance.
Heat baby
haha id say that was an eventful night (:
Guessing you won't be home to hang out at Blue/White. #SpringGame is Sat.
Tweeting in school (;
It's funny to me that: Adam Morrison, Darko, Scalabrine, JJ Barea, Michael Doleac and James Posey all have rings. And LeBron doesn't.
hm we heard ben. rt I read on twit that ames not ben is going to b the next bach instead.
Laying my bed just relaxing!😌
From FB pics of Doc, figured out that you were still in S Sudan. You're having such an adventure, in all ways.
Norah Jones Little Broken Hearts on repeat
I wish Cancer didn't exist.
Fish fry at the #Milwaukee Ale House
Cody owns angels hearts
Brain Fair tomorrow! Free! Open to public! Auditorium! Thanks to OHSU! www.omsi.edu/events
Watching football with the cousins and ! (Hardcore packer fans)
"Dead upon the field of glory," Hero fit for song and story. ~John Randolph Thompason
If I were to get you a Christmas gift, what would be the gift?
Nice to meet you just now Rostyk - thanks for stopping by
The Script - Walk Away
Today so far we are at $3,921.That's great but we must not lose sight of what our goal is $15,000 by November 3rd.
I signed!(:
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Spent Thanksgiving week helping provide services to more than 1,500 patients at the 1st ever #Oregon Mission of Mercy. Thanks ODA!
I'm watching you O:
Fun episode of Undercover Boss featuring CEO. Loved following along on Twitter too.
S/O to my new followers aka my tweethearts...have a goodnight!
Idgaf. I don't want it anywayss
Deeply humbled by the incredible peeps-orgs following. Look thru the list and help spread word for the gr8 causes u find.
speaking of rap strength training, how angry is about DMX's comments re: Drake?
They ate themselves. Oh, wait, that was the Donner Party.
Are any orchestras out there using #Pinterest --- would love to know!
your welcome come-on u kno your pretty I didnt need to tell u that
thanks for the mention!
Your the reason why i smile
God I love Chiodos.
did u listen
Not feelin TOO good tonight.
Going to Le Bonheur to visit my favorite little cousin.
My hubby has to remind me of my age often... because I forget. He says its a good thing to keep forgetting & eventually I won't ask him. :-)
But Its cold one day and than its hot the other! #bipolar!
Hey racetweeps! Anyone have photos of Alex wearing glasses in his Atlantic racing days? (NOT sunglasses) It's for a blog post.
Ehmagawd, no! You so don't look anything close to one!
lets get that shit trending lol i love #squirting the best part is that every1 is going to think this is super inappropriate
RT : Guess the average annual number of secret agents who claim they were never at the Safe House in MKE? Official......
Gemini and cancer!
Wait. Avion is real? I thought it was fake for Entourage.
*smack!* Now, smack ME, so I can get this short finished for my pub! LOL
Most say they are cool. Some say they are smart. To be Honest I don't care and neither should you.
Its going to be a long day...
...properly Working mobile....you NEver know When that might happen, knowing me....BUT...JUST SAYING (then really)...ROY HODGSON expected to
I bought one for Paintball USA a few months ago!! Groupon says it's 32.2 miles. We can do that!
Big day for and Two great wins for my two favorite programs.
times really is flying by. its scary
5 ppl in my fam have died before 60. U cant tell me that getting healthy is not the most important thing in my life rite now
who are you calling trash...Michaele or Journey?
Can you stop being so attractive? I`m trying to move on here..
my weekly pregnancy checklist is telling me to eat healthier to help me skin..... does sweet potatoes with oranges count as healthy???? :)
"The fool shall look to the madman.". Wm. Shakespeare, Twelfth Night
Come out to Burgers and Cupcakes 36th and 9th) TONIGHT from 8-11 for some Bingo with great prizes and $3 wine! YOU DON'T WANNA MISS THIS!!
JANET KILLED IT ON AMERICAN IDOL! THERE IS ONLY ONE JANET JACKSON!
If I don't fcks w you don't joke around w me ... You see this face? -_____- I will violate then say I'm jk too!!
Nice to see a tweet from After the day i had its nice to feel a "normal" occurance again.
I feel like being bad... I'm thinking burgers and fries.
i know the feeling ;)
When we have His favor, we have everything, and we have an advantage for success!
I Spread Love..
maybe you should unfollow me again!
I swear it's always something
DONNA SUMMER DIED #sadtweet 😭
Q2. Linkedin is a key networking tool for bloggers.Your brand image should be polished... a MUST to be there for any biz
Now I understand why the Giants will win. RT : "do a little record shopping before the game" -- Tom Coughlin
It's the coolest chick on twitter!
TRAFFIC- Debris In The Road - EB Belt @ University Ave - Loading ramp in the roadway
My dad got mad at me for saying the word "crap"...seriously
Do or Die for the , Let's go!
Ayyyeee wat u doin fool I'm bored bout to be knocked out
Walton for your b-day Haha what we doin?
Yes im a spoild brat! They raise me on gettin everything i want they can change it up now
it needs more redheads. Which is my favorite flavor, in anything
ha! He can barely get out of bed himself!
I had a great time at Six Flags today! Oh how I missed performing:) I have an amazing band!!!
Message sent. You'll get your t-shirt. :)
English football needs to ban taking shirts off in the stadium.
Sure thing John! Thanks for all your work with QR Codes. Are you guys "white labeling" your backend management?
Thank you, Senator Schumer, for coming to our commencement today. Enjoyed your speech.
Lots on deck from in early 2011: ehealth, politics and social media, the internet & group formation + more!
Too hot for soccer today.
Patience guards us against losing our presence of mind so we can remain undisturbed, even when the situation is really difficult.
...seriously? did youtube just change AGAIN?
it will be long
Thanks! Bad news about the podcast being axed; it helped me understand the complex issues of the day. Thanks for great analysis.
Let's go Chelsea win this.
They assume you can cook your ass off & are ready to be submissive....
please tell me youll be coming back to montreal this summer or i might just cry:(
Remember before the smartphone when you had to take your laptop into the bathroom with you? God, it's like we were cavemen
These turnovers are killing the Yotes. King snaps one over Smith's glove on a delayed penalty. LA leads 2-1 early in the 3rd.
grateful today for too much too list
I agree! So much fun! Can't wait!
What's today??
If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all.
if it makes you feel any better, I was up til 6 am this morning...
Yuck RT Glee being a "show-within-a-show" definitely means Rachel and Kurt are going to have their own reality show.
double sausage race!! Sounds like Jay's Friday night at the club.
Oh, wow! This is something to plan for the future most definitely...#Gaultier also! How exciting!
haha what did your parents say? I'm 25 and my mom still checks to make sure I'm ink free
fuck fireworks... light up that dyno mite...
Oh #Metra : ( Raise ticket and parking prices, but offer no increase in quality. So many ways to do this with no loss, or even a gain.
Big Plans coming up :) stay posted
Thanks much for the follow! Any gigs there for 11 year old musicians?
gaining experience using some great resources to answer business related RQs
Anyone watch Life's Too Short? Looks hilarious, love British #comedy!
will there be buffalo rides? Either way I look forward to it.
“: Who needs ankle weights during excercise when you've got tears to weigh you down #rightLadies” grindin'
Attended the ACL/Envy/SoLa party this evening. In a good mood. Buying/Selling in Austin? Get 1% back @ closing. Tell your friends!
Given, they'll probably try to sell you insurance, too. But that isn't really a bad thing. lol.
did you know?Ingrown toenails are hereditary.
Gonna be a good day! Free followed by winning a championship. Nice little saturday.
In case you were thinking about leaving your Airbook charger behind in your hotel room, they cost $80. So don't. /publicserviceannouncement
RT : New #Broncos DT Derek Wolfe is a try-hard guy with a great motor:...
I am great, Thanks god
I was gonna say you sure love Ricks hard spot lol. That's cool. Florence + The Machine right? I wanna go. Yes let's get together
see how you do me?
FYI: It's called "data entry". Not "data magically gets transferred to database."
RT : BREAKING: Bachmann Endorsement Could Help Romney Win Over Morons
. . Yes, as . says "Charlie Sheen is low-hanging fruit."
Its hot in Madrid
Nice post about the making of a Square register stand. I like the guide for the credit card reader, always seemed pretty flimsy to me.
all of them, but this one in particular was a Pilot!!! U Gurl!!!
Took the little bro to his first tattoo parlor to get his first piercing. That's a first.
The new City Council is feeling their way and they are not bashful, not at all.
when? But yeah I'll go with you:)
This is what makes great, You guys have to follow this. h/t to
the only world that matters.... MY WORLD
RT : Dear past, stop tapping me on the shoulder. I don't want to look back anymore.
If we cannot recapture what has been lost in our generation, the least we can do is turn the ship and redirect its course for those to come.
CNBC this morning had all the expert hedge fund mgrs on looking for buying opportunities here. What happened to shorting these puppies.
Look up from time to time. The world has a much higher resolution than your 3.5" retina display.
happens to me everytime!!!
Thanks for the follows!!! Make it a FANTASTIC Day!
I admin 8 right now and trying to admin 2 more. When I go to the page, its like Im a regular user who likes it.
Who wants a followback from me? RT this!!
I need sunflower seeds asap.
#nogenre or die
The Things We Do For Love , Smh.
Nice choice... although we always thought of those as kick drum pedals, instead of guitar effects.
Five years ago: Anti-war Democrats in the Senate failed in an attempt to cut off funds for the Iraq war. Britain's army reversed course and
You SWAN Divas ROCKED
Just had one of the worsted experiences of my life. Holy fuck.
#BanzaiLoveYou I think you have knocked the Royal Red Robin off its throne.Never thought that could happen but Banzai you did it!
no way, massive dividend in the works.
Poetry..connecting it to our lives..student asks "Why are we doing this?" In that one question many answers about our society are found!!
Happy Thanksgiving.
I wanna drive the Convertible golf cart . Mehh .
I need to know who is behind the #99problemsbutapitchaintone tumblr, it's pure genius & that person deserves, no needs, proper respect!
how much are they?!
Nice. We actually took the name Lakeshore Driving from the Duran song of the same name. And we're from Portland, same as Dandys!
I would call it soft rock, they are on iTunes..
Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement. - Nelson Mandela
Chavez exits with whiplash after diving play
April 26: Happy Birthday to Carol Burnett!!! A TV legend and great comedienne
When you follow RT and i'll give you a shoutout :)
And LIGHT was great fun to read (and re-read.) Thank you for taking the time to exchange a few tweets with a fan.
“: I love Twitter because many of the brightest and most cutting edge educators are on it and I can learn from them. #edchat”:)
Well said! "Don't punish the one in front of you, for the mistakes made by the one behind you." -- Collene Norgaard ()
I love haters!
Did you know, MANY fellow CYRs are on the ballot as #RNC delegates on Tuesday?
Holy foaming rabies mouth, Listerine Total Care.
Thank you Lou
The elevator smells like honeysuckle!!! 😊
Tune in to ESPN right now to watch the McDonald's All-American game.
RT : Pretty funny to have two readers each win half a church.... Just sayin.' >>That is funny!!
who broke the law?
I'm slappin yo face when you come home lol
Floyd can be a great ambassador for the sport of boxing but chooses to be an ambassador for himself. *shrug*
Initial version of presentations for Educause #E11_SESS063 posted. Feel free to make suggestions!
didn't she steal the fabled "Cocain Tapes?" Which better be the title of your next novel.
Giving someone else advice is EASY, following your own is the HARDEST. so true ouch!
I think I need to learn a new karaoke classic. I'm looking at the Aerosmith catalog.
I'm sorry that you guys were picked on in high school and that got stuck in your craw, but
We're here, we're warm, and we've got coffee! #THATCamp Games is on--hope you can make it!
i would have to agree
Love this quote: "If you're tired of starting over, stop giving up!"
get at me and your friends , got that blue dream and handband
#gospursgo are now 42-8- started rodeo trip with tough loss in Portland, but beat LA and Kings in back to back. I hope they keep winning.
that tattoo made everything better too like dayummmm lemme touch it
My Gat Bang, Yo Hat Hang, I Ride Off With Mack Man.
My brother is finally home <3
Just announced: Wed Dec 1- Wreckless Eric & Amy Rigby! On sale next Fri.
time with is time well spent. So smart, so many ideas, so much experience....and lessons in NY ambient makeup.
If detoxing from sugar or sodas, you might get a headache. Take Excedrin for relief and a quick boost.
Yes. I would like to show you a few other options... Demo?
Yes, little-known fact- I'm the guy that named an agency after the movie- (would've been carousel21 if after book)
yes,you have more than me haha :P
Thanks & - Integral part of Team & this recognition - tiny.cc/onqe5
. Where'd you get your #oyster fix?
deff think i like you HARD CORE i think i should just leave you alone !!! #confused #help what do i do !!??
It did lack diversity.
RT : TODAY AT 3:30 pm ET: Analyst Pavel Molchanov will be on CNBC to discuss oil prices and his related thoughts on stocks.
And yet again, please let today be a good day at work.
#celtics 2-0 tonight i wanna see one of KG's famous ' Bar Fights ' the road to #Banner18 continues!! Lets Get it!
Good-night world - may you dream of #Basketballs and more #basketballs ...
I'm gonna puke and die... Frickin nationals... So nervous.
You put it in your mouth?!
kool. email me the song you wanna a music video for: and give me a concept if you have any.
A perfect day in Paradise!
wish we could be in Vegas at
Become my 300th follower(:
Evidently! Pickles must be a formidable political organizer given how terrible he is in front of a TV camera.
Once again, Mizzou chokes in the national spotlight. Gave this one away with stupid turnovers and missed tackles. Always next year, boys...
Please rain ☔. Please?
Ugh...can't stand a indecisive mofo....they make me sick !
I just messed up our game. I drew the wrong picture. My bad. Think tattoo...
Thanks, Sarah. Like you, I'm very careful about the products I recommend.
- so I need to see the design ...
The way you view challenges in your life will influence their resolutions & outcomes. So view each challenge is an opportunity to evolve now
Proposal on the business case for
Finally!!! I've been missing Donna's sass so much. And of course Tom
#tweet #tweet haha I just tweeted you :P
It just stinks that the gift of democracy that millions died for has to be squandered on dipsticks like these. You know?
Thanks Appreciate it, sounds good see you then
why is drake so fucking hot . gahh lets get married
Man I wanted to Go way off on him and then for him to trying and Holler O_o dude GTFO my Face and give me my fries
Knowing other people are sad
Love is all you need. Do what u Love, never give up, money will chase you & true Love will find you.
: I c dat y not eat u goin thru a food recession or sum??
no problem buddy! Love ya brother!
I'm looking for examples of historic industrial buildings that have been either adaptively reused or abandoned. Anything come to mind?
Yes, we were just commenting on how good he looks...still fine as ever.
It's not only Tebow struggling...Despite the yardage, in the last 8 games Willis McGahee has only scored 1 Touchdown.
Enjoying my Sunday wit my lil cuzzins & football
Don't also discount the idea that NFL likes having it open. Gives them leverage in every other city.
will you be back saturday? ??
You know the signs telling you to close your windows before going through the automatic car wash? Those are for people like me.
Totally. Dude is reinventing the wheel. lol RT : "Just when you think everything has been done to death.”
Shit yeah, Yanks. I bet Nick Swisher doesn't get the least bit drunk tonite. No way.
An awesome wk in ATL visiting my dad and meeting great ppl for my documentary. Still have roots here, sometimes hard to leave...
Indeed. Officially Masters of Arts in Interdisciplinary Studies with a concentration in American Musical Culture.
just got called cooler than someone else because i love taylor swift's love story. yes.
Life is sbout making mistakes and Death is about wishing you made a whole lot more
Slayer done kicking ass!!! Now Metallica.
yeah, saw. hopefully after all those fests
yeah I did y didn't u come over and say what's up
Gotta love the single life :-)
I love to eat!!, movies, clubs, smoke weed, do hair, talk shit, laugh, joke, & go shopping :))
Omg omg omg I wish I had screenshot to show yall the conversation between me & my bestfriend right now !
Made it 18 mos b4 our first trip to Urgent Care w/ Now we're at Children's for a bump on the head & projectile puke. Cc
cereal before bed >
Yes! Been living in the desert SW for 7yrs. Need to get back to the Maine coast. Thx again for sharing your art.
still good WRs and LBs available with picks tomorrow. If Weeden plays to ability WRs will be better already.
Check out Looking to rethink schools w tech use.
Hey, , I need feedback on the #comp3 idea.
much needed bro.. Much needed lol
was on a good roll this morning, then lunchtime came, and now I don't feel like doing anything.
be careful with plenty of fish lots of weidos lol 
thank you as well, have a great weekend.
Most people we've ever squeezed into a #RantRave last night? What an epic chapter. Thank you,
My fault lol
Great beer mussels and habanero tequila at tonight in SB with and my mom!!!!
In NM, the terms of a contract are ignored by both parties. Too casual for my taste.
First day at ongoing. Can't wait to start learning!
Your welcome. You're so nice to me. :)
Congrats, my friend!
Now that you bring it up, I do recall that coming up once in a conversation years ago. I wish I had his career stats!
A girls trip in Vegas? Sounds amazing! Let us know if you need help planning it out :) ^AP
headed to Vegas in 3 hours. a storm will be following us out.
Had one of the strangest parent-teacher encounters today. REALLY THO
being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person
#autism #autismawareness #TeamFollowBack you are strong stand tall and never for get the gift of love you have
I can always arrange for some bacon my friend!
That's awesome to hear. Thanks for sharing the great news, you just made our day! : )
Who's going to warped tour? If you are tell us who you're going to see. If not tell us why you're not going!
everybodys working for the weekend
we'll come to you next!
We will be holding a contest for the best picture sent to us via Twitter. Send your best picture to us to be entered to win $15.00
Thank you and for the follow!!
😄 so what's new
Dear mom, thank you for always being an inspiration. -gab.
no, you guys rock our world! :) congrats on the album!!
On the Road Again
2012 is going to be ridiculous. Grateful for this year and all the support for PassTheNotes.
Brunch, winery on this beautiful day....
hi I love you as usual. Your text almost made me cry last night. Love ya lady 💜🐧
Are u fucking serious.?
From February to July 2011, there was no internet. Youth filled void with independent media, printing own articles and distributing
if I remember lol
Cuz I want too so bad I'm definitely coming out that way soon.
ya I'm very new at it but username is cippycup
Shooting Vegan 101 Season 2 with Eric Roberts next week!
Getting ready to hop on-air on ! If you're not in Laredo, listen online at www.949theworks.com. Text your "fist bumps" to 69491!
my uncle calls chicken wings peg legs..
everytime I see the trailer for #titanic I feel like crying
i had funn to n yea i knw i comment on tweets late haha
Watching "Good Fellas"
I LOVE YOU BESTIE <333 ;D
Will the Hawks make history today???
A slight increase in hiphop mention on ATP this leads me to believe your swagger is on the rise. Coincidence, or new coverage?
The pastor who wishes to burn the a sacred book wants to be judgemental as a Christiandom
yeah I kinda feel bad for the guy..
B part of "The Crew" of volunteers & have a front row seat 2 ABQ's largest event! Contact, Deb Bains, 505-768-6027. Hope 2 see U there!
Hello Alf! Hope you and family are well.
PR folks who have 291 email addresses in their releases need to learn about BCC.
if I had eggs, I would throw them at ya'll when ya'll pass my building.
Im fuckin starving but I ate 2 steaks rite before I took that nap what the hell
Also, I need a Pepper Potts in my life. More to keep me on top of things, but I wouldn't turn down the romance either.
Single is not a status. It's a word that best describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
kewl....hey are you following me i dont think you are
Let's "Make a DEAL Monday!" Do you have a product/service/book/blogg that you wish to promote, & never thought you had a budget to do so?!
Motivate - For hope is but the dream of those that wake.
And just like some bosses gleam when they get ass kissed, the GOP gleams over his lies
awe haha i wish i was there.
"I can't drink this coke without a straw!" -Wesley Wingo, on
Well, I guess I would recommend JAZZSPACE.com, though it's just for Pittsburghers. :)
Washington may look into Student Loans and Online Poker? How much has been lost and who's is going to Pay,
where was the concert you went to in your bio
gross? I don't think either of us have begun to describe gross yet however, my son peed in his ear yesterday.
Kids at Positive Tomorrows summer camp will celebrate the first day of summer by going swimming and kayaking today!
i can't find the strength to let go. im sure you feel the same.
Ha that sounds extremely boring for you! Glad he was concerned and reached out.
Damn girl you do it well ☀⚡
God bless the Broken road...
i spent my weekend reading 2 books and starting a third today. yep.
Everyone seems to be doing stuff tonight, but I have no plans. Wtf
The Republicans need to be sure the base is enthusiastic for Nov election
RT : ATL: TODAY enjoy the NBA Playoffs, Free Courvoisier,Grilled Food & More
Busy first day in Phnom Penh! Tuk tuk rides, University of Health Sciences tour & dinner at Sky Bar. Tomorrow: Koh Dach!
EN ROUTE with my 12 new friends..Yuss hut, I'm coming!!
I <3 RIVERS!!!!!!!!!!! DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE DUKE
Thank you to our troops as we remember this day.
Peter Jackson can go on all he wants about 48fps on #The Hobbit, but I'm going to see it in 2D anyway (at 24fps, thank you very much)
Congrats on the nomination! Love my Santoku knife!
Have a great weekend!
good morning! Hope u have an amazing day! :)
oh ! :) it's an app ! lol. One direction app
#SMPP Get on this call!
Montgomery, AL (700 mi)
What is it with drunk girls and refusing to leave comedy clubs. This ain't a sleepover. Get the fuck out!
RT Um that looks like ASS!!!
Hey #CHASE bank -- I need to talk w someone re #shortsale. Your people are dropping the ball and I need answers now.
thanks for your continuous support David! I wish you were my parents.
Slap Bet Record 1-0, don't Slap Bet me!
Wat up San Antonio! Just moved down from NYC ...
“: Sold out MSG in 22 minutes and broke the 24hr VEVO record in 22 minutes...and another #1 worldwide TT #swaggy” that's Bieber for ya
Didn't even go to da movies
Well keep it in mind if for the final space shuttle set
“: Gore cites need for involvement is cure-
Anyone interested in a possibly functioning, wheeling popcorn machine ? $20 from the office vault.
a talent scout just tezted me !!!!!!!!!
#UncleRemusUSA MISS THEY CHICKEN!!
My poor poor family... supported them while I was living foot to mouth... done with that bullshit, now theyre giving my rightful shit away..
if you renting a charger that light bill won't even allow him to get one #enterprise lol
I feel like crying rn.
Why thank you! RT : Krispy Kreme is better anyway!
I hope you have a good day today :)
I feel silly for not knowing who was until a couple days ago. But now she's kinda my hero.
Stop by Wafrique @ 757 N Milwaukee St for complimentary Kenyan tea if you're still there at noon.
Just text me back?! #Gah !!
To all my friends at the track today...May the Fourth be with U. Enjoy and be safe!
Yikes - Did That Happen While You Were Playing w/the Rugrats?
smoked so much I feel sick
Breaking: this place is loud.
SXSW: Block off yr calender: 3/20: all day at the tiniest bar in Texas: Merrifield Records showcase feat No Lover and the Danvilles! B REDDY
Only on will you hear a bluegrass cover of Walk This Way.
Also, I, too, have a queasy feeling when I usually see LifeFlight. I'm reminded that someone's having a much worse day than me.
All to control the health of stock values, hide the liver transplant. Damn good PR power; probably one of few celebs who managed it.
Distance between two hearts is not an obstacle; rather a beautiful reminder of just how strong true love can be
#nowplaying "Judie's Theme" from The Electrifying Eddie Harris.
Hes going to kick some ass but Red Skull supose to be in it as well but not showing him yet
get on Twitter trick!!!!
Thanks for sharing. This is an inspiration to all of us who work as independent filmmakers.
Wow, it's good to be a Silverlight dev in Seattle. I get a new job offer every day!
By flux, you mean turnover? Maybe.
Here with the family :)
Sleep is my best friend
need to get up
Kudos SD Mayoral candidates for raising quality of life issues in the U-T this week!
Lot going on in tonights show! I wanna know how Troy jumped the levy
... I am bummed that didn't get first place but she is still a winner!
wholesome like chia gel in a mason jar
TIL Kevin Love is a beardy white guy. Had no idea. I always assumed good looking black dude, bald headed. Twitter needs to be more visual.
Oh my lord. I just realized Glee is on tonight. THINGS ARE ABOUT TO GO DOWN... I JUST KNOW IT.
Tallahassee was chosen as Florida’s capital because it was halfway between the existing governmental centers of St. Augustine and Pensacola.
"If I changed the world for you. I bet you wouldn't have a clue."
literally crying at these last few episodes of dance academy :'(
Alumni asks about balancing relationship with China.
"...everyone ought to have a fair chance at success."-
. is launching so much amazing stuff If you aren't already, pay attention to this man!
Yum! RT “: Caramel laser beams.” What's this about? New DoD weapon? Sounds non-fatal.
Gratitude is a vaccine, an antitoxin, and an antiseptic.
conferences all day at the inter-con hotel Showcases tonight Check out the facebook page the yellow phone music conference
run and tell that!
Woo no school for me, instead the beach !
Gay straight or bi its nobodies business but mine.
Hipsters are all out in uptown tonight! Nice weather is the ticket for hipster sightings.
Nice one!
Good Morning Loves!!!! At work early!!!! Today is going to be a GREAT day!!!
Gaga Already You Video "Marry The Night" I WANT LOOK
Ugly Kid Joe Cocker
Or you could enjoy indoor baseball in Milwaukee!
I like your music but you need more genres! #toomuchpunkrock lol
I luv that song
I don't plan on getting a car anytime soon, but if I do, that 2012 VW Beetle is pretty tempting.
At the Valley Hi N. Laguna neighborhood watch meeting. Folks are concerned about the crime rate in D8. Public safety is my top priority.
What are some helpful sales enablement books?
I'm gone and you're all alone.. Its just you and your echos.
Recover quickly! We need you out there!
Got Death Before Dishonor VI at the merch table, about to throw that shit on and fall asleep to its greatness.
My baby sister is making me watch Disney.
how I said you were cute.
I only missed 2 and a half hours of a normal shift, then had my regular 2 days off
Just realized I've been wearing a hoodie all day.
I've only been there for events. Would you recommend it for dinner?
Yeah, that was me. RT: Now I just dropped my ice cream facedown on the floor. Not my day.”
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN TOMMROW?? JUST WONDERING! I HAVE TO DOG SIT:(
Oh my!!! I hope is okay! What a great man!
now take off your pants!
NCAA Final Four #client Coke Zero lobbies to make day after, ahem, 'Big Game,' a national day off. Personally, that sounds super.
Self-Assessment Group Report (April 22nd Get-together) | Exploring ...
DUDES! WHAT DO U WANT for catering when u come to ks? what foods and drinks?
what? you're proudly credited on the twitpic page. Don't be a Spartan.
Thanks for the add! Have a great weekend and #MuchSuccess to you!
sounds fun either way....my cousin used to live by the bagnell dam on lake of Ozarks and saw ppl snag some monsters
Wow! I'm done!
Bonus of running in the rain...? Fewer people to dodge.
It was really hot in Wisconsin today.. Come tomorrow, there will be storms!! Going to be out stormchasing and maybe see other stormchasers!
RT 55 health IT geeks need a PLAN B for a meeting in DC on Tu and We 9-5; need wifi, free space, have food. Ideas?
He has been unwilling to name his source. Even when asked to do so. That is not an accusation. That is a fact.
#GATORS are not this bad on paper. Record is a product of horrible coaching. As a #GEORGIA fan I almost feel robbed.
With Steven and Morgan <3
THAT CEREAL LASAGNA LOOKS AMAZING! We're gonna try it!
Wishing I had my cable installed already... Movies will have to work I suppose
already bro that's what I wanna hear get it in
This boy got his WHOLE damn family in my ear !
Its funny when you jump to yout phone everytime it rings thinking its him and it actually your mom or dad.
#dreamscometrue RT : we're at a new level - -
Yes you will lol
We're looking for brands to pass out free packs w/us to people waiting in line for X Factor Apr 19.
Well I guess Im done for todayy. Goodnight
The study also showed the same results in muscle fitness with only 2-3 minutes of high intensity training. www.quickgymcs.com
THIS THURSDAY there will be a discussion of the movie, Clueless, in McElroy 141 at noon led by Prof. Judith Wilt. Pizza will be served!!
Actually, it was sad: I won every month in grade school (when most # stars = most # books read)...but was allergic to pizza.
RT ": I don't change sheets." .....My Nigga O_o
Remember: Karma has everybody’s address and a motherfucking stamp.
can we send you a story? our event tomorrow is in Portland. The race relations are bad and the Senator is addressing issues
I miss u too faith
Yes it is! WhooHoo! Now it would just warm up! Spring!!
Get your freaking tickets from us now!!! $45 flat!
It got ugly out real quick
yeah um hm got you back! #pow you'll get better w/ age. ha ha
OMG is this ijever kid still going on!? if they do this challenge Austins voice will suffocate him
the theme song from you know which pitch with cat-like-feet just came on pandora. what a trip. miss you lovely.
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant?? I�m halfway through my fish burger and I realize, Oh man�
It's raining cats and dogs and rain.
Busy, busy day at work, but causal dress day and cocktail taste testing makes it all worth it! Now, I am ready for the weekend!
Happy New Year!
Neck game CRUCIAL, that wham stay WET.
Are you ready for Monday? How about starting it off with Lavazza Espression’s Espresso Melba. A delicious new offering in April.
he seems to have gotten worse at singing... Or I possibly just hate him now, I dunno.
Next stop, Helsinki
Hiring:Linux Kernel Developers with focus on low power, code optimization, drivers, Android
“: Stupid questions waste time, energy and thought!”
Sassy rehearsal was a blast tonight! Ready to rock Arnolds tomorrow night!
I'm cravin an Italian sausage wit grilled onions
cus I saw that pic at the bridge. You got a car we could.borrow? Lets chill!
2 months till we record our first album! Cannot wait for you guys to hear it! We'll be giving it away for FREE
Great advice! Be smart this #Little5, friends. Listen to your inner cricket! RT : Let your conscience be your guide.
Yes!<3 kinda disappointed tho.. i think everyone was expecting a full out music video..
Had a great day wit an even better night wit my Stax family
it should happen! I'd watch it! lol.
Hossana to the Son of David - Blessed is He that Cometh in the Name of the Lord!
Most amazing Mother's Day! I'm so blessed with the greatest friends & family. Hope everyone had a great day too!
I'm gonna try to start using this twitter account...I opened it so I might as well get to tweeting!
I loved Isaacs, his interactions with his family & psychiatrists. But the police story part just didn't work for me
Trying out the new Twitter App from the Mac App store, and I like it so far. Will be interested to see what other apps come out.
RT : Bin Laden never should of bought that iPhone
Want a great way to jump start Spring? Register today for our May workshops!
Happy birthday to our very own ! Hope u have an incredible bday weekend!
thanks she was great I just took it for granted but now it's all me hitting up the gym very soon thanks for the support bro
Where anyone can be a Republican frontrunner for the presidential candidacy ... except
I always get bombarded with words with friends at the worst times! Lol oh well.
My little brother better come to my house this weekend
1st accomplishment of the day... kids where they need to be! Now off to work :-)
What's the number to VH1. They gettin' a call today!
. I can't find the energy to expend on looking for things to upset me. I think #boca needs a hobby. Or eighty.
What wacky hi-jinks did TNA pull?
IDK the update on the co-owning thing on here but when the owner comes on if you see this can i plz still co-own? - rachel
that bother me:)
I dont hate on em.. I salute em :P
School time~~
Thank you!:)
I would like to Thank and for making this a great weekend for me! I love you guys!
Beaty class (skincare and makeup) will be on 9/16-9/18. Anybody want to learn with me?
"She just asked me if I speak jew....."
I'm rolling out some new features but I won't throwing a huge launch party or anything. That's only for VC funded companies.
make sure to upload some pics of your new orchids and T5 system
Call with your local requests now! 585 222 2899
Humpal gets key strikeout. One out, bases still loaded.
yes sir!
Happy Friday-kick'n back w/grandkids & pizza-it's a good life don't ya think?
Thanks for the comment about the geese with snow on their backs. Wasn't that so cool?? Thanks again.
my school doesnt have mirrors in the bathrooms. WTF. only in the gym.
come over next weekend then!
oh man. that was a day-maker right there.
#ThatAwesomeMoment when your Itunes is on shuffle and every song that comes on is likable!
"why don't we all just be friends" haha i would rather die in an oven
Anyone have tips for using Lotus Notes with a Droid? I need to get work e-mails and am suffering from my love of the android system.
"I wanna order you at Subway 'cause you're fresh."
Something about these announcers for the B1G championship game are just not doing it for me.
Thank you !! Just saw Frankenstein in #DFW. Riveting! Stunning!
Nice book
I got Sonnen! Hope he kills Bisping! I'm going with Davis in the upset.
good times last night really cool to meet and see congrats to michael david lucas, SF champ
You just made Sportscenter's opening, how does it feel?
oh if i did it would stay in my cheerio lol
Tomorrow at 7pm Baltolug meeting. Topic: what do you look for in a Linux distribution?
