luckily my friends were really good about it
You texted me ' happy birthday ' the next day my birthday was actually on ? 😒 fuck you lol
Handing out Dem flyers at Courthouse Metro - great reception!
Root Of Three Community wishes all of the visitors and subscriber a good Easter. Hope you all find your Bunny. Good Wishes.
Dinner not put itself away? Urk.
"He has a degree! We have...We have Oprah!"
Get a free water at LVG Salsa Social this Sunday, come to celebrate Mothers day dancing the best Salsa of DJ La Conga ==>...
Motivate - If the wind will not serve, take to the oars.
'No one ever has to be bored again. That's what mobile does' via #Poynter session 'Developing Mobile Products'
I would love to be at that breakfast.
Wide awake just lying in bed :( boo!
while ur sleeping im working , while ur working im working
2nd week I think. I'll probably fly bc we're going floating and that makes for a long 10.5 hr drive back.
Bravo MT : We sold 22,000 ebooks in our #DayAgainstDRM celebration. Not bad, considering how other pub think they need DRM..
ur a genious. I love that movie!
I just want to take a moment to thank you god
We're headed down south to the lovely city of Carlsbad this week. All business and maybe a little bit of play!
LOL! Something like that!
I've seen someone with a six-pack of Smirnoff Ice at a BYOB before. No lie.
Havning band talk... Quote of the moment: "You have to woo her!!"
We still have availability for Valentine's Day!!!
Neither was mom... this happened shortly after he goosed that lady in the dressing room
Tebow is a good passer AS flan is a good dessert
it's possible ;)
I used to despise coffee. Now I could drink a latte or mocha every day and still not be satisfied.
Bought new hat & 10 min. later got girl's
I miss brother :(
sound like you dodged a bullet - imagine not have a practice session and being live! Heart attack time.
Had a big wknd last wknd! Finished up a production of Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night," AND sang jazzy Silent Night in an annual xmas concert!
Welcome Daniel Casey.
Can't believe it's the #LAInk #SeriesFinale...really gonna miss this guilty pleasure
Haha, he better cause I've been good (;
Secretary Duncan holding his 2nd live Twitter Town Hall today at 5pm ET. Send questions by using
OH SWEET :D Sounds educational ;)
RT : How many badge have you earned at TCC this year? One, two, three or more? Do tell?
You better check yourself before you wreck yourself haha!!!
Hey hey hey, we're all gonna die.
Semen shots?! What the hell?!
Headed to Long Island and NYC. Where to eat? Any suggestions?
Wonderful! Yes, we need to schedule it! Let me know when you are available! Fun!
I'd rather you all hate me for everything I am, than love me for something i'm not. Mike Mizanin(The Miz)
(jen) My project manager is hitting it out of the park with this client! She's really drawing out the story behind his company!
Glad we finally got you all set up! Hope you enjoy the site.
or a windows terminal server environment via 2x client. That is what we do.
Your stomach doesn't look puffy at all
Tonight at 7:30pm LIVE MUSIC. Brazilian Mandolin based trio Rio Con Brio.
In Harrisburg for the Comedy Improv Throwdown
if i'm getting drug tested for a job what's the minimum amount of time i should go without smoking? like a week? i'm skinny and shit so
don't always agree w/ u, but a guy who loves the Sox and the Beatles can't be all bad! Carry on!
#ObamaBedtimeStories Racism & Sexism are gone, no wars to fight, every American is working, & I don't have to wear this flag lapel pin!
lone tweeter
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Second show tonight with amazing dancers! It's been a great weekend on stage! Gracias a Pilar Andujar la gitana!
guess that's a no
i actually think the trs fanbase has gotten better now that the main peepz have unfollowed the annoying ones!!!
Two minutes into this week's #OTH and already I'm crying. Dang. cc:
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk rap the same verse from like 2008 and call it a freestyle lol
wouldn't mind kicking around the ol soccer ball here soon
Same. Been using it for a while now and I really love the "Disable for an hour" feature too.
LOL - Got an iPhone? Turn it into a virtual 'Blackberry' by enabling Airplane Mode. via
Watching on BN9! Always great to see you making sense of the facts for us!
#GameOfThrones is on! I LOVE Sunday's on HBO.
“Houston, Tranquility Base here. The Proposal has landed.”
back from the honeymoon. now to start planning my return to the US and get back to the grind...
Happy π Day.
A girl I use to see hooked me up
oh lol I thought urant u was sad. I know they cut this season so short smh but a lot of shows got cancelled crazy
Kobe I hate u
once you're 65 you'll get to be a senior again, no worries
Someone needs 2 be in #Congress to speak out 4 #PoliticalPrisoners like #Guangcheng. I ask u all to help me be that person
June needs to get here so I can start filming and make some 💰💰
me either :L
idk what are we doing today
I would drive to OM for lunch if there were food trucks out there.
Please manage to eek a bit of vacation in there for yourself. Give mind and body some important refreshment.
French Toast RT : Q8 If you could eat any one item without gaining any weight, what would it be?
I would never want to play a playoff game in Seattle, Minnesota, KC, or Arizona. Baltimore and N.O. get ready for those loud ass fans!
Happy Easter! Wishing Tweeps and Peeps to everyone!
i believe I'm with you next Thursday
#iwannameet my hero, my everything<3 it's been my dream to meet him for the past 4 years!!!
Antonio Conte at #CEN: if EU has a common currency why is market for electronic payments and invoicing still fragmented?
Thanks hunni! You're into MMA? Couture's last fight killed me!! Although it was cool to see a Karate Kid KO :)
is offline on twitter ?
SAG-AFTRA merger -- about time!
haha...it's the gift that keeps on giving!!
Hope we discuss environmental consequences of reuse vs. demolition.
Using to circumvent $40 hotel parking in Gaslamp! Good for my wallet & the environment, anyway...
Thanks for the follow - please keep me apprised of your book once it is published. Robert
I am so ready to start this week i can't wait to get outta that school
im not there but see ya! Lol Chirp
Hockey > football. I honestly cant believe what I just saw. You give me some cleats and I'll at least be able to keep up with you 1v1..
I hope you weren't driving slow in the left lane...
Damn, Chris Carter must have pissed someone off, to get snubbed again. He might only catch TD's, but ain't a Hall of Famer yet!!
I honestly don't know what I'd do without my sister.
I just had the honorable pleasure of meeting and shaking hands with the legendary Jack Jones.
SO FUCKING HOT OUT.
I love my family.......can't no one be there for you like them......love ya
Life is 10 percent what happens to you and 90 percent how you respond.
Hi bye hello pz
I want to go home.
lol I know that was cheesey what I said #ohwell #:)
I posted some comments to a public page. Some of them were sexual, but funny!
Chris Rainey, a kick returner, projected to be a first rounder. I think the Patriots should use one of their firsts to get him. Smart move!
The story of Kirby Larson's grandmother and her studio
Is in shock over all the juicy gossip she just soaked in!
sorry, that's the way our Community is set up. I can email it to you if you'd like. Lost of great videos in there, though!
When will it be appropriate enough for me to offer a green card in return for marriage?
I will but I think I have an idea of what's wrong
hm......what can i do today? guess i will clean house an hang out an be cute like always!!!!
I really want to move out to the bay already.
it's excellent. Without a doubt, $15 well spent.
im following lol
RT: "I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls." Happy Birthday Audrey Hepburn!
its disgusting how much i love you.
Good morning Twitter world, long time no see!
Okok im not prego im just fat. I ate too much my tummy looks like a two month prego
omg.. feeling better than i did yesterday
The Jockey's name make Done Talking the favorite to win the Derby.
Welcome to #C&W Say hi to Angie in your office for me!
If u can't understand context, you can't adapt? Suppose adapt can be a response to change & context shift
did u leave???
stop salty tweets. Cheer up lady
Crowdsourcing requires that the work be desirable to your desired workers, or it won't get done. #crowdsourcing cc
RT : Success will never be a big step in the future, success is a small step taken just now. ~Jonatan Mårtensson
Difficult to say. I think players will have a harder time adjusting to a less-violent game than fans, IMO.
heck ya it is!!! im a native kentuckian too!!
the Dwolla video on BI played for me... I guess when Fred Wilson posts there, they get hit pretty hard
damnit USPS always covers your address with things. What apartment number are you/zip code?
i guess they like that new track xP
your welcome.
I never want to see you unhappy, I thought you'd want the same for me.
I'm terrified of clowns so don't even think of tweeting me a picture of them because if you do oh SOMEONE'S GON' LEARN TODAY!
It's sad that my 5 year old daughter plays guitar on rock band better than i do
It's just as creepy if you make those faces sans make-up and Faygo, dude. Try doing the same thing today, make-up free and see.
peace grits and harmony!!!!!:)))
Did NO one else really see Ovechkin land a huge kiss on Semin's cheek after the PP goal????? Really?!?
absolutely. always up for their killer montecristo sandwich.
I try to tell 'em but they don't know
I'm installing #Kubuntu 11.10 on my #XenServer to see if I like the graphic interface better than Unity.
Aww bestfriend have a fun night bestfriend ! Enjoy it like its your last (x and heck yea where going next year xD
That doesn't satiate my effete liberal inclinations. I'm just going to have to find a copy of Cat Ballou.
An illegal immigrant’s deportation is determined in administrative or removal proceedings, held by the government in accordance with U.S.
omm:/ ppl are rude these days.
Black label and sprite right after wrk con las Chicas de hooters.
Let's go Marquette!!
John Lagustina IPA Drafts just $2 today all day!
no she said she dont wanna hear any music
Those who are faithful know only the trival side of love.
what'up man! How are you?
Where'd all the parking go around our office?!?! How many batmobiles can there be! They're setting up for filming right down the street!
It's Friday, Friday, Friday! Happy
AL THE SPECIAL INFECTED ON LEFT FOR DEAD 2 CAN GO TO FUCKING HELL.
we dont have to twitter front. Everyone knows we went to see The Vow
I have a feeling that that night was going to be a good night, that night was going to be a good good night.
Brain Floss: Contrary to popular belief, people don't chew up and down; they chew side to side just like cows chew!
Really disappointed at how slow iPhone app has been.
Congrats to our friends at on their new store opening tomorrow!
Nigga, pick one girl.
black bears have to work for their food, and they don't have fathers.
Natural chicks is really winning
Thanks so much for the mention!
That would actually increase job placement rates....I think!
RT : I'll be ustreaming Sunday at 3 with info on the contest to perform at Hoot Fest 2012!!! 3:00 pacific time. :)
WOW! THAT'S HOW MUCH I WEIGH!
The #nats medical staff is such a joke
does not want to be a 'wears underwear outside the pants' superhero; but rather a 'wears pajamas all day, every day' ninja!
To save your eyes.
Help us raise awareness for #strokemonth! Change your profile pic to a younger version of yourself on 5/7 and mention
Dang it went back to capitalize lord and that's what happens.
that new female artist look just like #Aaliyah crazy very crazy lol.
Question from today: what is the value in museums enabling visitors/users to communicate with each other? Is there any?
Front Desk Tues: I need to start keeping a wtf? file for the truly weird questions.
cause I says and now call me now
I'd start Gore, CJ2K and Sproles out of the group... Moreno hammy scares me for week 2
thank u nthanks for watching
Thanks!! That's one of my favorite projects and I cant wait until its completed!
This is
Yay! Will do! Why did you decide San Diego?
Several different pick-up times that went out in recent email. just forwarded you the info in case.
I guess you can say the #49ers are playing lights out against the
The only logical thing to do is set up a live feed from the martini office so you can be in on the convo.
come to lolla ya freak!
Let this be a time for your imagination to take flight. May you be inspired to dream big and in the New Year create big!!!! Blessings to You
Cannibal* Blarg!!!! >:P
Fuck that! Not okay with that either. I just get the buffalo chicken or a breakfast sub. Their deli meat at subway does suck
Pizza has never given up on me. I'll fight till the end.
Impressed with the interest in social business at #cbmore, and the expertise in the room.
Plz follow me and my friend I will give u a follow back :)
Glen Davis is working over Roy Hibbert. Outworking and outhustling him on both ends.
You know it! Crunch time in #YBH - have to avenge the fiasco of winning two straight years.
I'm gonna check ebay to see is there are any used. They're so helpful, I can't see anyone giving it up :-(
agree w/ you. they were speaking from student perspective and their campus.
“: We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle #quote”
Check your local grocery store for world famous home made soups!
Season opener...T-12 hours!
listen to kev on all things considered npr dukes country meets dixie today 5 central time 5/1/12 also archive wwno new orleans.
All you Wright Way Master Class followers we are excited for the new year, new cities and new seminars. Please join us in the new year!
I'm so glad that final was made up of concepts we didn't go over this semester.... *grabs bottle*
Tonight is Ladies Night at Tavern Tech Center, Tavern Wash Park and Tavern Littleton! Ladies Drink Free—House Wine, Wells and Domestic...
Please keep my knee in your prayers
10 minutes to #phametour Hillsboro Civic Ctr Auditorium show time - the students are amped and ready!
Why did retweet my tweet -__-
New Sneak Peek is on its way today boys and girls :)
I thought Aranofsky was just rumored, not confirmed.
I don't understand how people can sleep without a blanket.
The birdies woke me up again. Crazy loud. I feel like I'm in the jungle. So many different chirps. Black hole day two... 300+ pages to go.
we want to come visit you at work tonight! Will be there around 10-11!
so toss away stuff you don't need in the end, but keep what's important and knows who's your friend Smile!!
Last day to see the special du Soleil performance @ #drupa hall 8b next one 10:45 Don't miss it!
Get fit with "The best gym in America" and "The healthiest fitness club in America"...EQUINOX! Get exclusive discounts as an MSDT fan!
Early night! I have a
What's happening? ;D
Easiest fucking job in the world and not even "older wiser" people can't do it! I need monkeys I hear they can do it better
Weird watching the Bulls in the Eastern Conf. finals. Last time this happened LeBron James was in diapers. And so was Marv Albert.
Only Chicago will care #Barely RT : Any predictions for the Cubs/White Sox series this weekend? ~
Well, yours could do what mine did and chase something into the water, or if all else fails, just put them into the water.
Hey Alex, did you ever figure out how to get Youtube playlists to display more than 50 results, or to display newest posts first?
DIRT MADE MY LUNCH! Cool huh? What can kids learn from garden time? Math-Literacy- Coordination and that food is FUN!
“A Lifetime of User Engagement: Evolutionary Conceptual Models” M Giles Phillips,
Thanks for the follow!!
“: S/O to my new beautiful follower she should B a model” aw thanks (:
Enjoy the downtime--essential to have some!
So jealous of everyone that's going to the Mint Show tomorrow and I'm leaving on a plane out of LA tonight ugh so not fair! 😭
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient; it's about being there when it's not
RT : #Obama is in Kabul to sign an agreement, broadcast from Afghanistan tonight, addresses gen American sentiment to leave.
The waiting room is empty. Why must you sit across from me and make my life awkward?
Oh damn. Super jealous! I'll have to look for video of the event.
I cannot wait until I live in a world where IE has no market share.
i like that there's now a list for this. "Breakfast tacos should be the official state flower of Texas." = literary gold
Happy Birthday!!!
Your roadie has to be so sick of them.
I miss you, pretty <3
We're getting the booth ready for Find us by the Racing Pigs. We'll have raffle tickets, pull tabs and more!
RT : Correction: It WOULD be awesome! RT : snowmobiling downtown mke might actually be pretty awesome
D'awww. That's gonna go by so quick (x
Is your car stick or automatic? Do you know how to drive #stickshift?
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Beach time!
yes we have, I know ran a contest last month. Will keep you posted. We also have FB page facebook.com/mybonavita
At dentist for my son - all the posters and literature - remind me how lucky I am not to have had any major dental probs. :P
Because I said so!
Good Morning Ari <3 Bo how are you?
Give quarterly performance check-ups to avoid yearly hiccups.
i want to know how to contact jeff's friend joe that looks like criss angel
why thank you boo. I was happy to see you but don't ever sing that Brian McKnight song in public again
lol she's a happy cat right now. she's watching #thevoice with me and
Can't believe I was your "bestfriend for 4 years.
boyy i told u to come and give me my jacket lol
Everything sounds better with an English accent.
wasn't me. I pretty much keep to the coldwater, northrop, wash cent dupont area
fosho bro thank i would appreciate it...this is my email
Damn, when did DeSean Jackson become such a receiving god?
#RelationshipsNowadays are not so much about communication. More about constant communication.
Crazy to let injury concerns keep me from dropping Polanco to pick up Reyes? Have plenty of 2b and 3b depth already
Bin on the Lake is going all out with luncheon tasting -- tasters apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Ladies, If you are interested in being a fashion calender model for 2013, plz send best photos to . 30% payout.
I'm hooked to the draw of grinding a terrible tank to get the cool looking tank past it.
Special Delivery! Life in prison. Special Delivery!
I was fixing your grammar. But use a back-scratcher.
#xfactor drew's voice is great
So what ads do people consider Super Bowl worthy?
This song takes me back :')
Can never have too many different colors! I have experienced that personally! lol!
I know she pissed
All that win was missing was a little Hawk
try selling meat when ur sick...no fun
you only fail if you give up...so get up && come up with a different game plan
it's pretty terrible, maybe one of the worst political ad's, ive ever seen
45 minute wait at security??? Crazy.
next time I will just kick you.
eric go home lol
Today=great. Tomorrow=not so much
Wash Pharmacy Board keeps Plan B/med access rules as is. Tune in to ATC on KUOW today.
You don't have to be such an ass
Ah, cool! Hope you're having a little fun outside of work! :)
When I sneeze, I sneeze 3 in row.
I LOVE YOU<3 (:
thank u! I figured a hip hop connoisseur like yourself could appreciate it :)
lol exactly!! That took some balls man.. That's somebody you offer up your virgin daughter too 👉🙆😌 lol
wish I could get away for GOAT. I totally would have been the resident librarian. :-)
Mostly been neutral on Hilary Clinton, but I love this quote, "And it’s the trying that’s the most exciting part of the whole journey."
Partnering with for a screening of her award winning #film My Nose & seminar on accomplishing your dreams !
THE TRUTH IS, if I could be with anyone, I'd still choose you.
where ru i know u r stil in the line but close or far
Are you getting older when you begin to like folk music... I do.
Fuck you, France.
How I hesitated/Now I wonder why
I almost said Terriers... but was slightly ashamed. It is a cute little gem of show. (And on Netflix Instant).
Federal bureaucrat designs own bus tracker – Ottawa Citizen ...
A bow for sure! A spear that misses becomes the enemy's weapon used on you! RT Choose your weapon: spear or bow?
well that is not very positive news. Anything I can do?
Wow what a horrible miss Celtics got lucky
Fuck my head hurts...
I can't go 10 months without Harrison from
lmfao. I will not be attending to the beautiful place to Lear we call school.
I'm a true philosopher
you got my fist in your face that's what you got
Congrats, man. Welcome to the fam.
Whoo! Glad to hear! Super Bowl food is hard to resist! Happy Losses RT I made it! Whew!
Great players never act suprised when they foul. -Geno Auriemma
Is he trying out for the reprised Family Matters?
ditto. =p
I wanna meet <33 it will make me happy forever. but its not gonna happin :'( . love you Austinxxx really
Why did Choo swing at the first pitch? Momentum killer. Bailed Santos out.
Aw. Loves his momma.
Heading to Shareable party around 6, wanna meet up? Or is there more monking then?
Life is a constant up hill battle, dont fall down.
RT Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg? I don't understand this photo shoot. ()
Haha RT: If I was Samuel L. Jackson, and bored one day, I'd roam the streets yelling lines from Pulp Fiction at everybody
ASK the questions people are afraid to ask...and dont ever be the no that you hear, always make it be from someone else...
#FF Have a wonderful weekend!
wtf.. :/ too many people
Registering domains for an exciting new project!
I sent you one of the field recordings, and also a recent piece I did with a youth orchestra, "Five Levels of the Watershed".
Fine if everyone makes fun of me. See if I care.
Wish I could be there! Much <3
Thanks! We should fix that never having met thing. :-)
maybe it's coincidence, but first California flag football game experience had way more rules than before...
Redskins fans scare me. Which winter classic did u go to?
I just saw this on GMA, and I can't wait til Nov 5th. You will be great inspiration.
Sometimes it is o.O
The father of the handheld mobile phone (Martin Cooper) is our commencement speaker. Who is yours?
Pennies, no; universal health care, yes. I'm imagining Lulu Eighball's perplexed consideration of that conundrum as I type.
Thank you.
: Dear Joseph Kony, I'm Gonna help Make you FAMOUS!!!! We will stop YOU #StopKONY ! All of my followers RT NOW!!! Pls!
Earth Day is Sunday! The Carlton is planting trees for every guest room occupied that day. Book now to have a tree planted in your honor!
Love You
remember that one time you used twitter?
so many competing ideas you have to assertively claim it .
right!? and i probably would have too...
yummy pic... in hose now daily also.. ordered by Mistress Susan
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it. - William Feather
Gametime! Let's go, Pats!
Ugh. I know that feeling. But if anyone is up for the challenge, it is you!
hey Tracy, any big reason I have been on 167N from Kent to 405 for an hour? Gotta get to Redmond still :-(
In answer to your question, I would just say that I don't think teaching was a revered profession to begin with, alas.
David, let us all know more on this...I'm interested!
This horrible thing I must do. I no longer have a choice. It almost shames me. Making a work Facebook acct :/
who likes naughty pig tail girls dressed up in Catholic style short skirts? Some like it kinky and HOT, like ME
your beautiful dear absurdly beautiful
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 68
A bunch of wasted opportunities for Vancouver.
Is that a new business? Congrats/good luck/mazel tov!
Unacceptable Behaviors: suggestive or obscene letters, notes, invitations or email received at work or at home
you have a fb message!
shut up!
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt"
Halfway through a 4-hour train ride from Westport to Annapolis.
I swear I feel like I'm on the set off doctor phil. This girl has been bitching about her best friend and boyfriend for ten min.
That's a very good point. They'll take that tradeoff every single time.
Thx! Agreed for all of them! RT Rosa looks great w/her MODA clothes!
It's been a long time since I rented a movie since I watch all the movies on Satellite TV.
I thought I was following you 😳
Prepping Baked Mediterranean Shrimp from "EarthBound Cook" for dinner tonight. Author: Publisher: Excited!
Do you do paid tweets? email me
u guys really love each other! So awesome, it was so cool seeing how much ur big sister cares about u when we met--Rico
There was nothing in the world that I ever wanted more... to never feel the breaking apart...My pictures of you - Robert Smith
What are the funding resources for public charter schools?
#kids Mesquite Meander at Mesquite Cemetery, Sat, May 19 6:30p: Historic Mesquite, Inc. and the Mesquite Community Theater are presenting...
what's good fam hit me up when u can so we can talk some biz
You've been waiting all year to pull this one out, haven't you? RT : Needed Tori Gurley to block it.
It's uncanny how some people's names match their passions or occupations, like the director of the new Spiderman movie.
That last RT fits her so f'cken perfectly :|
oh yeah and :-) awesome people of God with incredible music.
Watching Persons Unknown.
Drayton Florence was due $4.0 million in base salary in 2012.
I feel that they are terribly under appreciated in the US despite being so good and I'm glad you gave in to my nagging! :)
Movement is not always progress...sometimes we go the fastest by slowing down
Yeah but not alot of girls tryout
wish I could I party with u
And I just hit 7K tweets. How exciting.
this man is watching his 3-5 yr old daughter roll around on the floor with a skirt on...
your just voicing your biased opinion. LOL
How about we stave off some arctic temperatures with overt racism, and a dose of
18th century doctor puppets screaming in the basement. Power drills and jamz upstairs.
Miss you :(
do I need to make reservations for the Summer Concert Series if its only me, but I want to be close?!?!
Dope video to compliment a Dope song. U should run with that "Bodied" at the beginning. It could be your signature.
Black Friday and Cyber Monday leave you wondering where the weekend went to? At least you can save time on your papers...
Saw you quoted in the NYT today, Pretty impressive! Good article, too.
Love the pictures! Thanks!
i might have to cash out this weekend
those commenters...there is a worldview there that I am not even close to understanding
Puck singing mean just made me jiz myself.
Congratulations CM
MLB has What does the NFL have?
special thank you to for speaking on The Reality of Revisions at our general meeting today!
epic!!!! That's awesome!
the picture just sent me could be mistakin for 8 pound 6 ounce baby Jesus
Hell yeah I would cry if my mom or dad died. Idgaf I love them.
I did what makes you beautiful for my unearth a poem! My teacher is gonna think I am crazzy!
Santa is at today! Stop by before 5:00! Bring you camera & no reservation required!!
I want to do a collaboration with someone rapping and me singing :)
Dang that's they both did good! It's gonna be a hard
We LOVE Marina & the Diamonds!
I know you're not talkin !
Lol story of my life. RT: what to do today
I'm doing it again tonight but switching up some locations :) what are you doing tonight?
I'm tired of the post-racial/Colorblind Jedi Mind Tricks....Now that's crazy.
RT The Main Street Approach is adaptable. I like how our Canadian friends have modified it & use it.
#threewordstoliveby that was close!
The BOGO from expires today. Just like their facebook page and get the second meal on Curley! In #Bethesda on Bethesda Row...
Paranoid now .. I really havent been this scared in a LONG time .. I may go sleep on the bathroom floor ..
just sing your heart out!
Sudden Death OT
Thanks! We're pretty psyched. If you have any thoughts/feedback make sure to holler our way; would love to know what you think.
Fashion Show Celebrating Girls with Social, Cognitive, Sensory, and Physical Challenges-- April 21st, More info here......
ALRIGHT!! Packers vs. Steelers in Super Bowl. Is it impossible for Green Bay to win... Sure looks like it...
I'm in the mood to build a fort.
Thanks everyone who joined us for #21CRadio tweet chat! Don't forget to reply to if you want tix!
RT : Because we pay non-innovative cos that do nothing for the ecosystem besides rent buildings to relocate here./
JUST ANNOUNCED: at Tuesday, June 12th!
FYI: Just 15 minutes of exercise a day extends your life & lowers your risk of cancer | ti.me/nLVa4a
happy world aids day twitter
#BradPaisley on #SouthPark tonight! Of course, he's best singing #HuckFinnBlues on our CD!
MAX5352BCUA+ , using the best dac at best price for your system, check www.synpur.com
the drug cartel angle is very interesting.
When you face adversity and you're knocked down. You must keep fighting and get back up. And that's what I'll keep doing!!!!!
Hello peep! :)
Im mad at u friend
Thank you for following me!!! =)
i didnt know you took my clothes home you whore !
Benoit has as amazing sense of humor, you can poke him. He'll just laugh, trust me ;)
Thinking about buying a Polaroid.
No Internet? How are you surviving? (Or maybe I'm the only addicted one...) Haven't gotten MTO yet, maybe once I get home.
Stephen Curry is injured again
Works good for me see you soon
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 28 End Of 4th #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
fuck that kicking meter
Business plans all over the place. What does Milwaukee need?
#CUAEF Media Sponsors: We are always looking for others!
Godfather to my niece today.. Michael Corleone style
I know. That store evokes my wistful-materialistic side. And makes my other clothing jealous.
TKOCAPONE keep it up! what's doing for 2012??
Day off round 2: what should I do today?! 😃
The thought of And friend ship being miles and hours apart makes me very sad!
lol to funny
hearts #ievobio - have fun everyone.
cranks and wanks hit -----! Boat trailer
I walk past a huge screen of headlines every day at work. And the typos pain me. Yesterday: "Popal visit." Today: "Parent's of slain teen."
D.C. meeting tonight. Who's going?
IM up.. but I may go back to bed...
What an awesome Saturday so far--Coffee and DVR!
I loved Drogba's rock star kicks after the goal. It makes me smile.
am considering all options. Questions deserve answers. And answers deserve questions. Leadership for one and all.
sweet! For sure we will b there. It will b good to see you.
I wonder when Dragon Quest VI DS will be coming out? Probably after the DQIX storm passes
Body Electric on Melrose !!! Tell Mike G that Poundcake sent you in!!!
It's still Animal Extravaganza! This weekend Hoosier Ladies Aside demonstrate sidesaddle horseback riding at 12 & 2 in
“: you've never had.... Where you from..?” east oakland California
won both games!! great job girls!!
ball on a string. love it.
There's a new grunter at my gym. And the worst part is that he grunts his rep count.
Had a similar thought in Austin today. I really should appreciate the greek system more for keeping them so busy during the semester
Asked myself today: can u eat 2many carrots? Then remembered a childhood story of a kid who did & turned orange.
that's stupid! im not a belieber so you you dont gotta worry about me lol
drink. drank. drunk.
Eat clean people want the real food deal. Easy to read labels, see through packaging, or no packaging at all and 5 or fewer ingredients.
talk bad about the a-town i'll buss u in yo fuckin mouth
But But But I thought you were watching
TRU tonight w/ The Funhouse crew. I'll be on the decks at midnight
yeah that's true... That's good u had fun.... How's life and how's ur mom been?
No access to this content
man fam these niggaz need to wake up its fucked up
“: "Let's go Chipper" chant in Coors Field is awesome!”
RT Oh Monday, you suck like a cheap hooker
Lezbi honest, one of us has to be the pretty rocket..
well we look forward to your return
Time for a change PV?
Something made greater by ourselves and in turn that makes us greater. Maya Angelou
if it's not too late and you feel ambitious I have some outdoor furniture cushions that could benefit from my patio covering.
What's your recommendation for a Mex restaurant in South #omaha ? Making weekend plans!
No man succeeds without a good woman behind him
ok! He was the one I mentioned at lunch. :-)
Everybody will get a bailout, just wait
I'm getting my white Boise site players who no one knows confused
Wow must have been bored 3rd period he blew my phone up with tweets!
“: I got a secret crush on you ;)” weird, I have one on you too. :) <3 hahaha. 
Bledsoe showed lack of clutch gene. So did Gay.
how to tell a man from a boy: a man owns up to his responsibilities. a boy doesn't realize he has them.
Thanks so much for retweeting about ! So excited for it again this year.
If the O's can win tonight they'll be on their way to a successful road trip. Not looking forward to the West Coast start times though...
we love Ferdinand too!
Looking forward to your pics.
most favorite show of all time, and I watch a lot of tv. Hoping the new episodes keep comin, will there be another season?
its about to go down. dollar tacos and horchata
Ctfu.! I'm dying right now..that shit was funny.. her toes be all crusty lol
rich people who eat at those restaurants just try to show off their money
Toots was fantastic tonight - great to see.
Ahahha nigga fell asleep on dem meds again aahaha "can't hang"
Lolol. It's with a K! WHO ARE ALL THESE PEOPLE.
Hi everybody!:)<3
hey could you email me at so that I can troubleshoot your problem with TapTyping?
I never thought I would be so excited about a (library) management class but the professor and the readings have already got me pumped!
the #Phillies ballpark is such a joke
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
292 oz. of tomatoes, 122 oz. of beans, 12 lbs. of meat, and chocolate. The chili title wave is coming. I'll be waving.
#thingsthatshouldbebanned YOUR FACE
And a good day it has been. RT : Just when I'm about to lose faith in humanity, Derrick plays some Tool. It will be a good day.
TR Mentors, catch up with mentees at monthly meetings. Next meeting: April 4th, 7pm at 3708 W Roosevelt
If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you.
well got 2 get started on this paper even tho i dont want 2 do it :|P
you guys are so close too 100,000! :)
Come out @ SLU in Hammond tonight, playing #jazz concert with student bands. We'll be singing a song they learned in 6 minutes today!
fina call on these damn applications
I just don't get the ubiquity of political lawn signs. I'm not going to vote for you based on how many times I see your name stuck in grass.
Romney to say in Milwaukee tonight that Obama is out of touch, "surrounded by an adoring staff of true believers"
hey i love ur hair ... k
We look up for inspiration, down for desperation, right and left for information
damn girl, looking god ;)
oh wee.
Thank you for the RT Westlock Library!
Hoppy Easter and Happy 2nd day of Passover to the respective tweeps... ;)
< She doesn't own a dress. Her hair is always a mess. Catch her steal, and she won't confess. She's beautiful.
Never believe my weed tweets.
oh no! I know the feeling, though. :( there should be 360 Being Foreign On A Train just to keep all the あこがれ in fair balance.
how did you get tickets!!!! Y'all must have been some fast clickers!!!!
#ImTHATnigga who dont give a fuck but if u fuck with me imma go african on ur ass
“: Now following! ” thanks for the shout out! Look forward to your tweets!
same here.. definitely busy!
Nice meeting you Miles! I found ya all right!
Not counting Souplantation....
It was a great Monday. It went by quick!
Early reaction of a #sxsw meeting broadcast message years ago reminded Stone of flock of birds flying together as one
good morning Terita :)
I wana be booty ass naked with my lover right now!!
Pierce in for Pietrus. Can't believe I'm saying this, but that will hurt
Two words...Maturity levels.
haha i love your humbleness oh and those darn cats! ;p
Thursday, I got you!! WAIT SIKE you guys are leaving</3 You're a senior, right?
thanks for the follow. I like that you use your tweets to interact with prospects. Great job.
Last night in Nashville, the Ravis is out to play
INDEED, a very clear article, thank you for that! we think it's disappointing didn't allow it to post
my leg getting a lil swole ugh :/
Who has tickets to our first performance of #AFT this Monday?
give him back his turtle u stupid cunt idk if u hav a pet but if some1took it&wudnt give it back how would u feel
Omg yes it smells like chlorine outside of the school & it reminds me of
Playing at the Freakin' Frog TONIGHT in Vegas!
lol #rude #hookups, omfg thats what they're called?! Oh btw got any promos going on?
Miami, FL- need females for body parts modeling (feet). No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code B3) "NO TATOOS ON FEET"
Be safe Sheriff.
lust. want. not fair they pull out all of the stops
Maybe you never should have domesticated your peeves.
"Shit [blanks] say" should already be left in 2012
Where is ? #GOPdebate. The media acts like he doesn't exist!
So happy I'm off today so I can spend time with Mason, our new dog.
O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Psalm 34:8
I'm really looking for an excuse to order Bazbeaux pizza tonight. Someone come over and join me!
Truth is.. I'm homophobic.
Maybe for the $$ & the power & The fame right now she will
I'm Wayy To Gone WTF Am I Doing
I'll take a dozen please !
S/o for the follow. All about the music
Fellow Indy arts supporters, we need your attendance at tonight's Parks & Rec meeting. 5 p.m. CCB Room 260.
Teaching Sound Design today. Talked Dynamic Effects. Which do you use and why? Compressor, Limiter, etc...
Good Look 4 da follow bro
The guy puking outside my metro stop at 8:30am reminded me of my time in Liverpool - seeing a scouser do the same on Easter sunday morning!
haha thanks just me n my mom live there;D
My parents are saying how ugly tattoos look, pretty sure they're throwing it at me!😒
The reason I like dead things best? They don't fuck with you.
RG3 will be here on June 2nd for autographs, but.....$100 for signings....an extra $6.50 for authentication tickets. Smh.
gorgeous picture.
All these commentators do it talk shit about the Pacers...
Still full from the amazing 6 course dinner we had a last night. How was your Valentines Day?
Bruesewitz with a 3??? Where have you been all my life? Love it.
Richard Simmons fuck it life
im just jokin
#askbieber will you ever notice me on Twitter!!
“: Once upon a time rappers told stories in rhymes, now they lie in every song, telling stories in rhymes...”
Ah thanks. I am still in the process of growing out my hair. It's the Year of the Dragon; let's be bold!
Feels good hooping at del mar now chill mode until work at 7 life goes on
Party city queen Sharon needles better win.
And so he should remain as coach at Centralia. It's sad when kids can step up and try to get a coach fired.
Wise and mature people learn to maintain their integrity by virtue of respecting themselves!
Phones are in working order today . . . copier/printer, not so much . . . 257-0006 if you got issues . .. and who doesn't!
Jennifer Lawrence The Queen Of Derp :)
I need a new best friend... maybe a hairdresser or a drug dealer, either or!
fiend lol I'm sorry 😢
I love you ! I can't wait to see you on tour this summer!
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end. -Abraham Lincoln
Today I'm #grateful my cat didn't go far- (windy night, door blew open, discovered cat missing at 2am!) she's home now :-)
Don't tell me the sky's the limit when I know there are footprints on the moon -Paul Brandt Via #HonestKids juice box.
love u!
at the time i was pissed. we got cutch and he was just a young pup, and I was like wtf! now im kinda glad we have him haha.
Ok, that was hilarious! RT : never, ever eat hot wings while pregnant. Just saying.
If You're Driving Down The Road of Success....Dont Take Your Eyes OFF The Road To Look At The Scenery, You Might Just Miss Your Exit!
Just woke myself up from a scary ass dream where someone was trying to kill me.
Stand behind his hair. Worked for me. RT Trying to tweet during the tonight show without Jay noticing...
No God? No Peace? Know God. Know Peace.
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
94w just opened up.
It's been an adventure as usual Bolivar..Bk to Nashville I go! I miss home and its only been a day or two lol
LMFAO. wait really? just legit pissed my pants. ohh eleventh graders..
We can skip the rest of the NFL season and start next year already!
Thanks for the mention guys... I haven't had Internet for a month...be bk on next week..I need to catch up.
damn girl.. did you really just go there?
What a successful Little Weapons Team Meeting! We are excited for what's to come!
#SportingKC are hosting a friendly on August 1 against Stoke City. Tickets on sale next Wednesday.
Go get 'em! After a while, I stopped hating it and started loving it.
What are you doing tonight to prepare for tomorrow's job search?
Saw the coolest fossil seashell yesterday - about 2 1/2 feet long.
Can I not spell? -________-
Setting up the prints we're donating to , 's big event in the fall. Kickoff event Thursday
It is way too early for karaoke
Lets just get it out it the open D-rose is not necessarily "too big" he's actual kinda an average sized pg, if not smaller
thinks its funny that profs are wondering why grad students are doing their assigned reading right now. Comps on 4/2.
The fact remains that you look up to this scumbag. An entire generation of clueless kids. Stand up for what's right.
That sad uneasy feeling you get when you spend enough time with someone you only knew peripherally to surmise they're crazy or brain damaged
Watching Great show tonight.
says uniqueness of this era of data explosion is democratizing creation process. Makes search and filtering most imp.
yo is it a public league or private?
awww..bless your heart.“: On my 6th BDay, my Dad tells me he thinks Mr Rogers is gay. When this makes me sad he
I'm like so ready for a committed relationship but it's not looking good.
Forget Florida; I guess we are just the #Miami Marlins now. At least we still have the
Thanks! RT :hi!! :D i got the vinyl in my hands! it`s soo beautiful :D thanks so much, kurt! :D PS: the vinyl is green and blue!
The #Royals have diagnosed Sanchez with "Bicep Tendinitis." All this time I thought it was his ability as a pitcher. Phew.
Don't be the 1st to know & the last to act. Timing is everything! Get moving! If u don't get started, u cant get finished! ~
Love the energy early. Don't love the no Shawn Thornton today.
A full Saturday with 10 hours of easy overtime, followed by a psychedelic rock concert :-)
Morning from Chicago. We are supposed to have nice weather today!!!!
SikanderN Spot on, always happens to me #probablycuzwereasians And I'm getting PS3 tomoz! :D Pretty excited but no fucking game to play :L
I just dried it and it's actually not as bad as I thought boo :)
What else is in that set?
Aaahhh is too sexy to turn 30 #sexy&twisted
I'm bout to be a private male dancers for fat bitches
Boo. Donald & Peta got robbed. Only one 10?! They totally deserved a 30!!
oh and the girl tuened into a werewolf :D told u!!
Officially in love with 's tweets<3
Watch for our upcoming 90% off offer.
My kuzzo swear out he don't like future , but from your tweets IDKKK lol
OMG I just peeped my girl Angel from K is for Kinky & she did a PHENOMENAL job (while sicky!) on her Khols shoot! Proud of her!
Mery Christmas Everyone! seems even more special because of Landri! she is the best baby ever! Enjoy your time with your families! Jo-Wayne
Any time!
Find what scares you and tell that bitch who's boss. Wear your fears like armor so no one can use them as weapons.
with the hat to match! #notorious is on.
“: Best mistake of my life.”
Construction vehicles outside my office window - I think I enjoy watching them as much as my kids do.
so fucking annoyed its not even funny anymore
$30 to Steamers Seafood Cafes goes to...
the WHO defines "adolescence" as beginning at 10 years of age. #CPD2012 text wants 10 year olds to have "reproductive rights"
I'm in the Tribune Tower, but here is where my GPS says I am! Wowsa!
Potentially $40k for filing fees??...Patently-O: Reviewing New USPTO Post Grant Review System with Reference to EPO Oppositions.
Sadly I got the memo too late. Going need a rain jacket or umbrella for sure!
ARTIST you need that real social media marketing plan, contact me now. I got 2 open slots for next week. contact
Rummaging #1: for : Kenzie angora/cotton cowl neck (slim fit) sweater, Helmet Lang shorts, electric blue Escada skirt
that is a wonderful present indeed!
damn nice man! Keep up the good work looking good! Are you training at all or just lifting?
“: #Knicks I used on airplane southwest air wifi go Knicks.
Don't evLIN go there!
who ? Call me ! Or something aha long time no talk
Sounds great!
aired son
Ctfu my mother hair look like my aunt dog hair
It's weird to be at the DC Convention Center & be surrounded by kids instead of librarians.
RT : “I teach high school math. I sell a product to a market that doesn’t want it, but is forced by law to buy it.” — Dan Meyer
Im glad that I have a girl that hasn't been ran threw multiple times!
It's 1pm and I've already walked 6 miles in this sunny day in Baltimore.
Library Skills workshop sponsored by INLP: "Academic Research & Resources," Mar. 20, 11-12, Zim. 254. All are welcome!
Dear , as you should be. Also, be prepared to have a long strew of freshmen dying to have you in class. I've taught them well.
Being sober on a bus is, like, totally different than being drunk on a bus.
Very nice Voice!
Do not send me your span again, this is my only warning.
this real talk.
hit me up at facebook...kayaks will be in...
Love this, thank you for sharing.
Keep it up Governor!!
#gwu, good luck on your finals today! Come in for some brain food, we're always willing to help
I'm watching five minutes of #idol to remind myself why I don't watch it anymore.
For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again
Proverbs 15:32 If you reject discipline, you only harm yourself; but if you listen to correction, you grow in understanding.
“It takes a long time to grow young” ~ Pablo Picasso
Any special events planned tonight for ?
RT : Our full menu is now up on our page. Please check it out when you have a minute, and then come in and TRY it out!......
Thanks for tweeting and posting my video!
She hella juss got her ass beat
Hope your week was great! RT : #FF love to
I am so glad I didn't go to choir tonight. Almost-puking all last night aside, I don't think I could deal with the screeching sopranos.
A customer is the most significant visitor on our premises, he is not dependent on us. We are dependent on him.
Reggae show/party in BK with & the legendary Claudette Lovejoy!!
I love it when you talk dirty to me.
Having a great time building an influence dashboard - I should adopt my nickname of 'The Data Poet'
I just preordered my ticket to LA which means I'm officially going.
Every day is Ficelle day! We'll be at Metro Center on Wednesday this week. Stay hungry my friends!
like the dessert? ..no thanks
If you managed to work instagram, you probably weren't that drunk.
tawni had a baby?!? ;D
Check out our client and friend Heather in Wedding Day magazine! Hair, makeup and nails by French Pharmacie. Such a wonderful love story.
Crazy allergies, maybe I really am allergic to you, kitty friends.
I can think of other things I'd rather watch. :)
it seems so far. So stick to the fight when you're hardest hit, its when things seem worse that you must not quit." - Unknown
The Heat fans are definitely heading to the Marlins game now.
I always wondered how TW was able to win like he did with his off course life such a (fill in the blank).
Thanks for the follow! I keep wanting to give you a slogan "bobzane in the membrane" but I'm sure you've thought about that!
very little
'Five or less': The number of tweets between the first tweet about a celebrity death and the first snarky 'too soon' quip.
And the rain continues... Don't feel like cooking? Come by for some brisket or pulled pork.
hi Justin I luv u so much
i miss the old twitter... where on fridays the #1 TT was
/ Hey... Thanks much for the +K! Appreciate it.
Seriously Jared Leto is NOT even that cute. What's the fascination??
I like your blog, you have alot to offer to people keep blogging!
Cue Semisonic. RT : The drunk procession to Penn Station at 1:30am is the saddest drunk procession of all.
ive been waiting all week to tweet that!
awww thank u! U jus made my day start off good :)
Actually, I didn't realize it until I got it! Whoa.
Thanks man.
Thanks ! It was great seeing you and Karol last night!
Earlier I saw my dad flip out on my brother cuz he called him gay!!! It was a scary moment!!! And for those who saw where scared too!!!
me too Hahaha
I meant that as a joke since "rebound" is the key to both games!! Ha! ;)
I come visit soon. I promise. Maybe Thursday after work? I gotta do some Christmas shopping though lol like really bad.
At the age of 7 I think she has tested out of any Personal Financial Literacy class in her future!
thank you
Crazy NIght At School Some People Are Just Ridiculous!!!
Love the music you love. It exists for a reason...to make you feel connected to something bigger. :)
what point??
Celebrate Fat Tuesday & big savings at the gift idea shoppe! Find fun & festive mardi gras gift ideas now 20% OFF!
My God I love this city so much.
I thought the Ashton Kutcher Jobs biopic was the one they were looking at Sorkin to write. Didn't know there were 2 separate projects.
no i dont please tell me
#ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't make me laugh. Sense of humor is one of the most important qualities.
will race in the Slinger Nationals on July 1. If I'm correct, it's his first competitive race in Wis. in two years.
Showing my photos "Faces of Harlem." Opening 10-10, 2-4. Up through December: African American Museum 110 N. Franklin Street Hempstead, NY
hey please tell all of your listeners to follow both twitter page and Facebook.com/lacedfacts page
golden coral? Chocolate fountain all day every day
a new girl!
I love your youtube channel! Haha :)
Caught the broadcast, you ladies rocked the interview! Can't wait till Friday!
Otherwise jaded audience gasps at World Lens app.
ugh. I suck. Hahah. Well, we've made it this far. We can finish...strong?
Game of Thrones Book 2 is even better than Book 1. I highly recommend the series.
i want to literally stab you in the face.
Very nice. 65 and sunny in February.
Two brightest dinoflagellate bio bays in Caribbean are in Puerto Rico: Vieques Island and Laguna Grande. Stunning!
At work? Leave early.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. ~Albert Einstein
I actually enjoy your gleeful bbq tweets.I see a lot of anti-veggie stuff here:"Oh, aren't they a tiresome, joyless bunch," etc.
we agree! There's always something to be
. Someone will have to try and stop me from running every day. :)
No, , I am not influential about viagra. And… really?
Okay don't mess with anything. I'm gonna be there at 7. We will setup when I get there
donut juice! :]
And finally, I wanna eat peanut butter and fluff sandwiches with and jump around on her trampoline acting like 5 year olds
Lmao! told John Laurinitis to go puck himself. *claps*
So sleepy.
Howdy Nevin. Have not seen you since that film we work on in the mountains in Pasadena. What's been up?
Will do, thanks for the updates! Make sure to keep us in mind for anyone who has any wood bat needs!
nope that's Tuesday :)
:D so exciting! Congrads!!! :)
A true friend knows that a friendship is not a true friendship until after u have had an argument and gotten over it.
Thanks for the #FF :-)
Pittsburgh ladies: Visiting your fair city for the 1st time next month. Where to shop & eat? thx
Investigator of pedophilia in the Catholic Church found with child porn. Last seen driving a car with an I ♥ Penn State bumper sticker.
thanks man! ill be posting a few more songs next week and i plan on dropping an album on beatport in late april!
You can tell if my breath stinks if I talk to you at a 90 Degree angle! XD
thanks for following!
Niggas wit blue eyes
Oh, wow. WOW... Remarkable. Thanks for sharing! Off to put on Max Roach's 'Speak, Brother, Speak!' now...
this is funny cuz my name is Gelson too..hahha..
": Why is this lesbian Muslim on my TL ?"Fuck u cunt bitch nigga hoe slut!!
Folks: If you're coming to the Hudson Today, Get There Early!! It's gonna be packed!!!!! Go Ravens!!!!!!!!!
"There comes a time in every man's life when he gets the simple urge to hoist the Jolly Roger and begin slitting throats."
“: ready to get loose tonight!!” you guys rock!
is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS!
A few sprinkles tonite wont keep us at home, will be off da hook! Wanna get 1/2 cover? facebook.com/wild_thursdays 4 deetz!
thank you!!!!
#dc120 I heard Woodward tell this anecdote and it just didn't jibe with my experience with students. Must be effect of
The last time I saw ATT park this crowded was 2011 Opening Weekend
We will have something rocking this week for the prelim stages. Been doing extensive research (glug glug)
#3moredays left of school :)
I'm wondering who that is but I'm afraid to ask...
thanks for an amazing season. Counting down the days till next seas.
His official web page includes this twitter profile...its real
Skip bayless just killed joe budden
Just went on a classics shopping spree for kindle on my iPhone. It's the best kind of shopping spree because it's all free.
"i don't get it""maybe you should pay attention more""maybe you cant teach"
Cute guys waiting the elevator.. Lol..
Omfg that fucking icecream truck always comes down my road now.
Finding a new song you really like >
Word up Im have to stop thru next time Im in the A
The T&I conv. promotes strategic discussions & aids in the develp. of a #multimodal #transportation #policy @ local, state & national level.
omg i live on the border of plano and richardson lol! garland, plano, and richardson r lik one town!
The best relationship is when we can act like lovers but also like best friends.
6 and 1! Niner fans are pleased as punch.
The more we r afflicted n this world,the greater is assurance in the next;the more sorrow in the present,the greater will b r joy infuture.
wanna ride for free all season? follow for
Seriously need to invest in some waterproof mascara ASAP cause I'm crying like a baby 😭👶
Thank you Loved the podcast, best business podcast in the Internet. Not sure where I will turn. You will be missed.
Oh Man! Here we go again! ; \)
This should say "Money & a future". lol
LOL! Yup, brown... it's the newest thing in gothdom
#SimpsonSaturday Simpsonizers Can't Wait For Paradise
You're both so cute in your glasses!
Thanks to those who attended my Webinar: Creating a Flexible Feeding Environment.
Almost ready for the big tailgate tomorrow. Thanks mother nature for cooperating for another year!
Monday it's time once again to kick the tires and light the fires! 3rd time in a row on LA!
Even if you be yourself nowadays someone will always hate you.
#mlanet12 is right, the actual poster is not available yet, but abstract is under Sessions-Poster in online planner
lmao i just noticed that!! PLEASE PEOPLE DONT FEED WILD ANIMALS!!!!
Punting (by you) is no longer allowed.
Nights like this when the thinking doesn't stop.
The only reason I'm watching #NCSI is to see dear do her thing
ha! Lemme think, but 2days 'flinstone disco pouch' was pretty funny:)
Excited for today. Seeing a lot of my girls I haven't seen since school was out and hanging with the fam! :)
I'd have to agree! RT Len Burman is the man!!
poor pups! Puppy mills are the DEVIL!
about 1 month ago at 9:02pm I asked u out u said yes and now we are1month into this thang lets make it through the ups and Dow
wine is the answer, not the problem.
Interviewed breakout guard Tyler Thalken of DU Pios and he credits open shots and effective offensive systems for his 19 points on Jan. 20
I was singing that song in my head.."It's so cold in that D" LOL
That argument is the same as saying a convicted killer's innocent until his appeal fails.
Thank you <3
yessir! Looking forward to meeting my co-lead!
I like public speaking because I like to take a stand for what I believe in...reference it back to history or science and I'm a happy girl.
omg i wanna watch
Ugh, tell me about it. j.hk, fly, j.jk again was pretty much all I could do. :/
- tonite is the night!!! We are so very excited about the VIP event at ur Msn Vly location. Let the fun begin now :)
LABC: Gaia's Ryan McEvoy sez builders wary of rapidly changing subsidies for solar that make it hard to get financing, planning lined up.
Eh, everyone loves Josh. Whether they want to admit it or not.
Achievement Unlocked: Drink 5-Shot Venti Americano w/ half gallon of novacaine in my face w/o drooling.
Gonna let go no matter how much its gonna hurt.
“One of the marvels of the world is a soul in prison with the key in its hand covered with dust.” ~ Rumi
NEW Name , NEW Bio , NEW Avi !
: we love your music - please tweet back
oh snaps! it's PK! Paul Kim~~
Books are my drug of choice.
Fun fun fun! I've had nothing but perfect weather the last 3 years, fingers crossed!
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
"All conversations should lead back to your website." - Fitts
Ooh. Death by tile cutter!
Beautiful - congrats on her graduation!
how much more english are u speaking these days it's hard to really know with u
i don't practice Santeria, i ain't got no crystal ball.
Rust Wire is taking a week off publishing while its editor nurses a broken wrist. Stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT!
she never EVER talks about her personal life, so that's y.
Seventh Heaven: Rangers Oust Capitals Big Game Brad does it again. Photo Credit: Getty Images
...to both their academic and non-academic communities -- both local and global.
Ohio merging mental health, drug abuse agencies
the first, the beginning, the one and only. but not for long. build you a crew my dear and let us wage war on war together
I'll be in Seattle too, I just may come out for that!
I don't like foreign rap.. if I can't understand, I don't want to hear it.
Omgsh that was the bombest Volcano Tea I've ever been to. Their popcorn chicken and fries ugh. Now on our way to Domino's!
I am for the complete and immediate abolition of all nuclear weapons.
Happy Happy Birthday !!!
"Close to the center of the largest grinding gear Things we knew, we know 'cause we stayed near You were my love for all of my best years"
RT Walked into and Milton Nascimento is here hanging! #surprise He'll be playing tmrw // that is awesome!!
not yet, but you guys got a nice shoutout about your Pinterest activity in the
Hey ABQ Fans! Checkout Jazzbah, for all you jazz lovers it's a hot spot!
Explosions rock Tripoli as fighting intensifies.
played mario party 8 with mom :) so funnay
The workouts are hard. Fun. But Hard. The change is hard. Learn how we can help you transform your body and change your life!!
Late night watching of Skins. It's a naughty, naughty show.
Welp my 7 hour energy has worn off, only 1hr and 40min after i drank it öZZzzzz
define "classy"
the cocktail is necessary dear, necessary.
QUICK tweet me your favorite food and I'll retweet the one I like best
as if you ever were??
Nashville- we've got a pair of tix for the show at Mercy on 5/1. Send us a tweet and they could be yours!
Hangover 3 starring myself
In bed right now, rolling around, thinking dirty thoughts and wishing i was high
The Moore Space is in Miami Design District
Headed to the studio to work on the new album
Why did the Panthers just acquire a running back from the Browns who only played in 3 games last yr? Stewart and Williams have RB on lock.
We need to talk...because my staff and I can't find a decent NYE event. :-)
Falk! Terrified to think about what Barrett will do to #publiced in #Wisconsin!!
*slaps face and shakes head* your a bulls FAN! bo go Celtics!!!!
PURPLE NINJAS !!! :)
Maybe today is … #Thwordsday?
Support #SFGiants push to the Playoffs in style. Free shipping on SF > LA shirts until end of homestand against Dodgers www.WeBeGreater.com
more likely: podiatrist
we havent talked in awhile so how u been?
Rocking the Florida Venture Forum today in Orlando!
Not to reduce the argument too much but that's how diversity gets thrown on POC's plate
three of my favorite things: bacon, chocolate and dough!!!
Apple iCloud to the rescue with the Find My iPhone app! Phewww!
CRAN is really showing off its flexibility with the new 'yoga' package... I didn't even know #R could bend like that.
Follow for the latest updates on the #linkAges developer challenge as well as the many other challenges were running.
#iveAlwaysWanted a realtionship tht wasnt fake or have a bf tht breaks up with you for no reason RT if agree
RT : Still, New Jersey insists it has no meeting scheduled with Carmelo Anthony.
Sure. After large corporations fill our food with Chemicals; we do wrong by eating junk food like Kraft foods, Coca Cola etc.
Sign me up!
radio: you are an evil thing. you make me love the songs i hate, yet you make me hate the songs i love.
Right. BUT it could've been cleaned up before being brought to Va? Do they plan to clean it up, like Enterprise?
Proceed to your Destiny w/open arms. Begrudge no experience. It works for you NEVER against The Big Picture.
Tea to the English is really a picnic indoors. ~Alice Walker
What a treat! Either way, it's a win-win situation!
I'm bout to jump in the shower 🛀then watch some basketball and the nuggets get this W! #NBAPlayoffs 🏀
u used to think it was the shit! u change ur opinions all the time
Time to hit the GYM!
I'd rather go to the Trop than visit that place. Looks awful
I totally just saw someone pet a squirrel in Madison Square Park.
I believe that so much. I can only imagine.
Turn on the monkeys!
Chillin with Ryan and Angel, pc4pc???
Live with no lies, just love and regret not a thing.
Just met Pepe Serna at #hispz12. Cant wait for the #scarface film party on friday!
back to LA - work work work spa spa spa
Join us for a Benefit Concert for #Chardon, this Saturday 3pm-midnight--featuring 8 bands including the Band! BrewPALOOZA!!!
And thank you for re-sharing :).
We will be there all weekend!
No follow back, come on man jk lol. Hope all is well with you buddy.
Well, it's like Ireland here in #SanDiego this morning. A happy rain-soaked #StPatricksDay!
tplush k'd, talked trash to carpenter, pujols came from 1st past the mound talking back to tplush. tplush talked back...
": Deadliest catch kills a lot of cameras every year. #NABshow #SuperSession" my favorite show!
“ "I'm going to have a Strong Finish because I have Strong Faith!" #FinishStrong”
Bailey was nice enough to change the radio to 94.1 while he helps mom get ice ...he's in a good mood....
forget it V.V
that number of characters plus name is the sms limit. Twitter was originally simpler and phone based, none of this fancy stuff.
He doesn't look like a girl.
Kyle Ean Haggerty & Kelly Ann Clay are honored to have been selected. Looking forward to pitching, networking, & closing deals!
no you are a good girl
It smells like bacon. dude what? no not my ass
+1 RT : Chalk this up as a craptastic day. 💩
I swear my sister can't drive fa shit
Can I just... go home?
“: South Korean customs agents find thousands of pills filled with powdered baby flesh."
RT : “An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.” from Yogi Tea Love those teas!
Countdown to Greatness 7 days! YE
Lol. I know sum who do. It always amazes me. They will have over 500 victories in 9 years as a head coach. HUH??? SMH!
Thanks for being my 100th follower
This is the Hancock Building. You can tell by the diagonal supports.
Nice of Bush to come out of his hole and remind everyone how much better we have it now, with a Prez who has good ideas. (And who can speak)
Me: "What do you think of this plaid getup?" Dude: "I'm from Washington State, plaid's like an aphrodisiac for me."
See of the Bravos can keep it up on LA tonight!
Percy just ate on his own for the first time in almost 30 hours. He's still having accidents but he seems... better. My poor guy.
steak* silly high schoolers...
Relationship between primary care and specialist will change the practice of medicine
Hm...5 minutes into the first period. Almost time for the Flyers to pull their goalie if this year's playoffs are to mirror last year.
:3 the only reason I haven't yet was cause I was in Cleveland this weekend then on my grind getting votes for a contest
:-) Happy Friday Trice! THANK you for saying hello, made me smile.
Haha i'm kind of torn (no pun intended) between all of the ships haha :p
dude if you buy that guitar I'll have to buy a cooler one :P
Reminds me of "Shade, shade, shade. We love to shade." from
Breaking News: Pastor Marvin Winans carjacked SMH
Thank you for bringing this to our attention..Can you please email me Brian at vc-h dot com. I will notify the General Mnger
You will dig it. Stay to the very very very end. ;-)
Friday the 13th! And a snowy one at that..Be Careful everyone! Call 847-303-0303 (suburbs) or 773-561-4444 (city) if you need a safe ride!
David Cross and I are convincing anyone who will listen that we are part of a dance group called 2 Much is Never E-Nuff.(via )
Another great night is in store tonight as is BACK!
happy thanksgiving 2 u!! this is awesome :)
I remember the old days when you would Skype people all the time<3
Thank you for the follow! I hope to someday intern for KP so it's nice to stay updated on news and events.
Maybe we prove the concept by helping them learn through mLearning
February is Customer Appreciation Month. Pre-pay for a package of four sessions of subject tutoring and receive a 10% discount.
Throw your hands in the air if yous a true playa
City?? Anybody? Lol..idk bout u but I making da party..lol..even if it is Mon..I'm off shit :)
Once Upon a Time is getting good - definitely ending the season strong...
Randi Korn: Museums need to present numbers in terms of quality in order to communicate impact.
I'm jumping on that Bandwagon!
Any use for Gaffney, Jacoby Jones, or other available WR? I guess not worth the salary compared to Phins guys
Yep. Only fixed after I removed it plus the memcached file I had to add. Was working fine then kaput randomly.
This years super bowl is significantly easier on the nerves!
That's amazing!
.... Damn right JUNIOR ... rock those Carpenters tunes !!!!
talking about legalizing drugs with my co-worker. put a purchase request in for Side Effects by Alison Bass
Seems you and I had the same day? RT : I'm glad I'm home. Because my patience for people has run out for today. Try again tomorrow.
they may induce Taylor labor tomorrow..I should be in the bed seriously....was up 24hrs yesterday...slept about 5 hrs today..wired..uggh
Good Luck!...
RU in Titanic mode for the 100th anniv? chk out the doc that dives into the myths and legends! incld exlsv ints with Kate and Leo!
ppl will will hate you, rate you, shake you, and brake you. But how strong you stand is what makes you .
Friday show will be great, 'cause will be in the house to do a talk back with me and
Results of res survey/ expert panel: Agreements btw sci and res communities about benefits of maritime heritage. Costs create contentions...
aint bout what she be talkin bout
just died laughing.
Fire at Hayes and Divis, around the corner from my place. #sf #fire Firemen full force.
Both Stafford & Walker were wounded in battle in May of 1864. Walker survived after having his leg amputated. Stafford died 3 days later.
Was just scammed out of $640 dollars for tickets to tomorrow's NYR game. Disgusted with myself for trusting people.
Nasty hit me up and shoutout
Monday is so close yet so far away...
Do these kids ever learn?
absolutely! sorry we didn't get to chat more. thank the lord for twitter :) what was your fave from #harvardcoaching?
I wanted a way to keep track of different batches if I ever brew it again. And based in this one. I will.
I've lost my way and that's ok.
All my windows still are broken But I am standing on my feet-Demi Lovato
Hey dudes. I hope you're all having an awesome Thursday day daytime =] Just to let you kno I'll have two new demos coming your way =]
finally heard from my sister
thats great! we're writing a lot of new music to hopefully finish an album and we're playing this sat!
just got ericc with buffalo
Oh this could waste most of the afternoon. I would join you, but I just got a phone call. Great movie though. I like your taste.
Is there another kind of AWAKE.....besides "wide"?
Thinking about taking an early lunch
Quick! While the rain has let up! Get out on your bike and run through some puddles! Splash merrily! And then stop in the shop & say hi!
very cool! Most amazing drummers! I remember my jaw dropping while watching the 88 Olympics Opening Ceremonies.
Those hot dogs look good!!
I got a nice pair of leather boots, a brand new frisbee, and an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel. Definitely a nice haul!!
We could've worked it out, but I guess things change
Thank you.
Community class with Wendy today was awesome. I feel like a million dollars for only 7 bucks!
Artspan Presents Awards to Exceptional Moore College of Art &amp; Design Seniors
Another #FF: Bill Nye , who takes the best photos of himself.
Just another friday night looking for a good movie to watch.
thanks for the love!
O: that's badass
I really hate stumbling across awesome photographers that live in different states..why cant you live here? -_-
just summon the power of The Fonz. Aaayyyyyy....
Now that its the last day, I proclaim: ART SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am..where are you sitting??
10:00... That's when I'll find out if I'm rich!!!
SHOUT OUT TO ARSENIO AND MANY BLESSINGS, YOU THE BEST
