lmfao. Play tennis.. that's an aggressive sport! Or golf.
Straight through Thanksgiving, of course. Who would argue with this?
I can't even assume anything, the rage blackout takes over, and I lose a few hours.
tango, kisses on the cheek, & asados
FAMOUS! RT “: Nice little plug for #SMBME this morning on channel 6 news!”
My damm baby boi woke up wamtin to play all early now im up earlier then normal..might as well get up amd go handle biz den
Stanford was a middling P12 team last year, hardly think Randle and Brown are enough to be P12 favorites.
Happy New Year!! Be safe tonight. Let's bring in 2012 with #GoodHealth!!
graduation is may 10th. the 19 year degree program has finally paid off!
My opinions, partnered with being a female, would get me killed in Medieval Europe.../Afghanistan.../South Africa during Apartheid......
that's cool. I used to work there. Are you interning with anyone in particular?
Anyone been to Hawaii? Any good recommendations or must-sees?
Can the #Yankees bring home the title tonight, or will fans have to wait till they travel to #NewYork for game 6?
its funny cause handy manny is mexican to lol
well yall were talking about it and stuff.
RT If you're a DIRECTIONER !
Holy crap let's do an anthology...
hey hey! Loving it! Hot everyday, great food what more could I want! You keeping busy? :)
What the hell RT : 1 out of every 4 teenage girls have an STD.
Got his ass...if only blacks can do this on a daily basis, we could b WINNING foreal
lets get it fam
"There's nothing wrong in our Fraternity that can't be fixed by what's right in our Fraternity." Bro. Roderick L. Smothers
Happy Birthday Mayor Tom Barrett! !
Happiness is not the result of circumstance. It is the result of loving others
talked all dat shit, and I texted him...and...nothing...Lol...
Heard that #Francona refused to throw anyone under the bus today - pity the names he protected didn't do the same for him
Thanks and for the #Followfriday, really appreciate it!
ahahaha , bra i was just playn
Is bored
where is the rally?
I can't keep my eyes open
love it! Have not read all, but looks really interesting so far! Thanks for sharing!
Donk Coach #Prophecy: There will be a #oneworldcurrency within five years.
Feeling a little sea sick. Wasn't on a boat tho. I was subjected to home movies @ the family Christmas party w/ extremely shaky camera work.
I hope you feel better (:
Today's message was inspired by 's television program on yesterday. Please see her website and/or follow her on here.
I Really Don't Feel Like going to School :( Ugh
follow before she commits!14
Great show at Bennies Boom Boom Room...headed back to the nola!
The Nectar De Roses collection from provides 24-Hour Hydration! Stop in to find the perfect product for you:...
Thank you very mcuhhh
fat, single, and ready for a pringle ;)!
We can help spread the word! Also, you on this? TakeBackBoston.org!
It u aint about funds then u cant get none
I think I succeeded in providing enough exercise for my dogs today. I was just outside with them & they all just stood around!
Delta Airlines stinks! Stuck in Newark airport.
#elpaso it's what's for dinner?
It's so cold in the D.
i prefer iced milanos but to each their own
I will be announcing FCC Knight Challenge w/chair Genachowski in Silicon Valley to foster innovation in tech
“: If I don't remember it.....it didn't happen.”
My pussy miss him too ;)
our amazing DSM JR stopped by yesterday to show us some awesome new guitars! My personal favorite the 716ce
thanks for coming out and glad you enjoyed our set. And its always a pleasure to meet our fans.
I had too many snacks this afternoon and ruined my dinner. Wompsies.
Sometimes I think I'm crazy cause I see things so differently then everyone else
Maddie and I just watched landshark ;)
Thankful for another day!
UK's not losing homie, lol.
I WANT TOMS.
With some determination even your pipe dreams can come true.
NO! If you go you will regret it...
Really? A my-dog-gets-beer-commercial? From the writers that brought you Final Destination 5 and Beethoven 16.
Details coming soon...
sure. if you bring me some fajitas and a Nerd rope
This ubersocial update...
Their faces look like they were forced at gunpoint. Nice find!
I'm lost. I need to find my escape.
Aww, a student brought donuts to the library staff this morning. Thank you!
Just now recovering from the Christmas party last night! We had a blast!!!
Yes go Steelers!!!
ohh alright! My mom is makin such a big deal cus im turning 18 , she wants me to get my hair/makeup done for one picture :o
No, the exhibit has exotic species so we follow USDA guidelines. Butterflies can't leave room, butterflies can't be brought in.
Pretty sure you can make it available for free.
Beautiful things still available at tastemaker tag sale! Luv our partnership!
we miss you too!
Site stats show 3 dozen visits via Twitter in the last hour, but there's no new mentions today. What am I missing? Twitter stealth mention?
People of Earth! If you get a text from me and it makes no sense, it's probaly because I sent it a day earlier.
I am honored to be your first! Come on! Start tweeting!
naw dawg. Thats when im flying there. Im staying till the last week of august.
#everydayithinkabout why I didn't do this a long time ago!
Disappointed that Rep. M. Waters (from Hollywood) supports #SOPA, a bill that mandates DNS blocking & would break the Internet.
frienemies were are u? i think i'm bored
Don't cheat yourself, treat yourself:)
Travels in&'round Sauk Co for last phase of #EconGardening Pilot. A few leaves left on Baraboo Bluffs and some fantastic companies!
Hammond has replaced Harris' bad contracts with his own (Maggette, Gooden, Jefferson, Jackson).
Mo tore his Acl...
Had a crazy but very productive day. Closing early tonight, goodnight everyone!
i missed yu to!!!! im prob not gonna be at school tomorrow either
Good dialogue happening around improving the quality of public education. More parent involvement in kids school is a key finding
No Doubt. Enjoy Your Day Ma'am!
both happen to me every week!
No both places well. Yosemite first if Tioga Rd. open-to Tuolomne high country. With Y-stone u get Tetons, 2.
damn #retrograde !
how can you possibly sell Puppet like that? seems to apply on to products directly used by end users, no?
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Warren Holstein
Fans hang banners!
Awee ! That Means Soo Much :D !
ASAP. fur season is almost OVER
Just faced my biggest-ever professional career challenge: needing to spell "received receipt" on a Post-It w/out spell check
okay, I'll be right there ;)
dont give the #strippers any $$..think about it,they gotta get naked anyway..
Approximately 7.7 million people have been illegally downloading music throughout 2010, according to a report by the British record industry
Theodore Parker~ Never violate the sacredness of your individual self-respect.
text me real quick I need your number
totally drained and i will be at the end of this coming week too.
Chocolate-peanutbutter cheesecake is back b____'s!!
your phone dials out too! ahaha i'll call you tonight and we can 3way lee
would you rather pay retail or find the same or similar thing for a 1/4 of the price? Thats what we ask here at ESELL...
Everyone is a sports commentator when a game is on.
we've had scooters on throttle several times! i almost bought a once as a result!
im bouta to.. Gotta hit the road at 6
Can I has a do over
The Silk Tie likes Marco!
been too focused on talking smack about Jalen Rose's questioning predictions, I have to say that I love Kurt Rambis's predictions.
Stayed home again:(
I hear ya, Just pisses me off. No offence or anything. :) I'm just Mad. My Fam needs that $
Happy Birthday !!
Had such an AMAZING night!! Words can't even explain.
I would give up my 3rd and 4th child to be able to fart on command. Absolute GREATNESS!!
I'm done. I'm done texting you first. I'm done hoping you'll call & I'm done crying myself to sleep. You're just not worth it anymore.
Always good to see !
Apologizing when you don't mean it just makes everything worse.
lint filter?
Almost every city in Latin America has doubled, tripled, quadrupled in size since 1950 with no accountability in built env
Awesome! What's the name of it? We'll add it to DCWiki!
RT : #Cox divesting 700 MHz upper and lower blocks will likely yield more money than it sunk in. AT&T takes B blocks and US...
I hope your end of 45th Street is fairing better than mine!
Omg He Crazy Lol That Text >>>>
TGD leftovers tonight, with cranberry relish! Chop in a food processor: fresh cranberries, whole orange, walnuts, Granny Smith apple, dates.
...that looks like a LBB hallmark card! are you for hire?? 😉
Oh why? How big are those pillows? Neck pillows should be small but ergonomic :-)
wooing people
inviting you to chat now
hey! We are from around Pittsburgh PA! And we play pop/punk! :) you can check out our songs on Facebook :)
Congrats pretty lady! Many happy blessings
Homecoming makeup by Sedrique for $30!!! Call the salon to schedule an appointment...
hey you need to follow me so i can send you my address :)
Mac n cheese pizza =
8:30. $5 entry with ANY College ID! RT : What time do shows start on Thursday nights?
I have whiteboard crayons that might do the trick for shower writing. In my office. Let me know.
My mentions and DMs are dead.
working and at the shop!!! what about you we are having thanksgiving at unk raymond house!!!! r u comming and bring my girls
Am now a direct rep for NDG, www.dolcegustostore.com. DM for discounts, freebies.
Perfect one-word review. RT : Review: Excelsior!
F all tHem niggas
Haha! Okay, as long as you don't FaceTime me at 2 in the morning! Ha I NEED SOME #CUDDLETIME PRONTO!!! #😔
haha what happened?
In order to survive this day, Starbucks is needed. ASAP
Hope U are having a great weekend :)
sometimes, i just wanna take a train to London or Australia, & get away from everything.
ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME.
hmm... so when i was playing dad I was potentially more attractive to women?
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 23
Just living another day of being black in America....
RT : Secure your trash, recycling, and yard stuff before a hurricane. When it blows away, it may end up in our streams.
Of all the things to bond over with a person you've missed talking to (terribly) in the last 2 yrs: having kidney stones at the same time.
Make sure you give our scholarship website a try. We match you with the scholarships that you're most likely to win. It's easy!
This show cray .
I question my character, am I all that I can be?
don't do it lol
Andy! How are you?
on campus or neutral site? I feel they should be on campus great atmosphere college hoops. Thoughts???
Major tattoo tragedy! :)
I seriously don't know how or why this semester went by SO speedy ... Can't believe there's only 3 more weeks left
t's not about #wealthy paying more #taxes, it's about removing #loopholes & #deductions. Help me beat
uhm excuse me I did not
The Flaming Lips Hand Out Gummy Skulls — And We Were There!
beyonce and jay'z kid is trending and shes not even a year old.
"Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever."
"You're on my campus, Buddy."
For mid 30's, they're not bad. :) I actually work out hard daily!“: are you saying you dont have great legs, haha”
How was your workout ? You have practice this week?
Congrats to #WWU on winning the national championship!
I MISS YOU </3
very impressed with the new blackberry 10 phone......!!!!!!
I was dying lol
You'll LOVE it here! RT I'm a soon-to-be resident, moving in July 31! :) Can't wait!
Don't point the finger at Arby's.
Tf that bitch call for !?!
All of my hoops broke; I need more!
things i accidently google: eminem first startup
So many problems with Facebook lately
SO EXCITED FOR #Believe!!! And I believe you'll notice me someday...<3
love all that leopard!!
Off to northern!
CyberMaryland makes national debut at RSA 2012 today. If you're attending RSA 2012, be sure to stop by Booth
Jesus, be ALL OF THE FENCES!
Going to be in Indy this summer? Sign up for intramural 3 on 3 basketball! Deadline is May 15th. Sign up in the Natatorium room 043.
We're rearranging our exhibit halls in anticipation of an exhibit on eugenics opening in September - come see what's new!
When you have something to say, how do you search for the best/proper hashtag? Twitter should have a drop down menu of related options.
how can you not love the final 4
Parents just always ruin shit don't they
Okay now I'm annoyed... locked out of apt and can't get ahold of bldg manager. I have shit to do! Damn it!
sorry dude, phone died hours ago
tswift always looks flawless
The biggest enemy you�ll ever face or deal with in life is ... yourself
Cooling our heels at #chuy's in Louisville. Twenty minutes at the table before I could get water!
Yes we do not want to punish victims. We also shouldn't punish CONSENSUAL SEX WORKERS who choose sex work!
What a sunny morning. I don't think my eyes opened from the bus door to the green room.
WHAT?! Women should earn equal pay for equal work. But I like making 70 cents to every male dollar.
“The daily works of God are the rhythms in which creation occurs.” -Dietrich Bonhoeffer
oh wow- that looks fantastic. Hope ur enjoying urself out there!
Arrived in Sheffield to speak at the the MmIT National Conference tomorrow
"I don't need this working class hero crap!"
Cant wait until tomorrow... "A" will be revealed! #PrettyLittleLiars .
my dummb ass phone won't stop now let me know if it keeps sending em
Wise words.
that was upsetting.
The 1,600 concerts I've conducted R like sand I've sifted. The music I am studying is my treasure. My future projects R my diamonds.
that's debatable..
Have you considered participating in our Career Fair on 5/16? 100s of great candidates to help fill your openings in
Are these populations that we are serving, or should be serving?
I have an event to go to tomorrow, but i will be available anytime after 3:30pm. Or, you can provide your contact to call
ooh, you're going to that? excellent.
No prob! Always looking for new ideas!
I'll bet you dinner at that #Mayweather stops h by the 9th'
yes he does. Especially when his guys catch the ball. Just missed rookie on home run.
“Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. ” Mark Twain
Our Hero invented Southwest Sunday. And the Southwest. And Sunday.
Damn, you make me wanna stay on twitter now.
On set in wantagh ny. I love making art!! Great crew! Familiar faces!
After helping a patron find event he was looking for he said, If you hear a bell ring, there's an angel getting you closer to heaven.
": Thanks for following! Nice meeting you!"SAME HERE SIR.
At the Gates Planning Board meeting. They're are residents here who are upset about 26 townhomes planned to be built.
Hard to sleep on my day off
Second on the SSD advice - it's probably the best upgrade money you can spend.
great morning guys! hitting the beach later
when life hands you lemons,well.....aquire a taste for lemons :)Hustel'n n the name of music! .com/rufar0 thankz :)lets blues out
Evolution usually pairs a physical ability with mental faculty to use it. This is why women are more violent than men at heart.
ok i'm mad that it's plenty dicks on my twitter line and ain't nobody tryin to fuck -_-
thanks so wat u doing noew ?
I just love her so much.
Good Morning! Come in today & receive 10% off all concentrates! See ya soon!
CO Senate gives prelim voice approval to SB172, the mult-istate testing bill.
Good food?....Twitter followers? It all comes together at www.TasteTweet.com Apply today to be taster. First you taste, then you tweet.
I mean, beta.
That dragon is pretty badass. Congrats on getting it!
if it takes the rest of my life baby I'll wait for you <3
Got to go one dimensional w/out MENDY...like him or not?
this is so awkward
LOL! I think half the nation would self deport in that case
hey please follow me for my cousins bday gift (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE LOVES YOU ALO AND would be happy if you follow me :)
Please follow an Indiana University Student that went missing on 6.3.11.
The final Chen award goes to & for the "Pop-Up Radio Archive" for independent radio producers.
Blazers Acting GM just said LaMarcus Aldridge hip surgery is scheduled for May 10th in Vail, CO.
RT : Broncos' draft choice Eric Olsen: Started along all 3 interior OL positions at Notre Dame-Penalized once in final 1,731 plays
I really want to appologize all the spam that hit my account. I got hacked and finally changed my password so this should not happen again.
I come home and everyone decides to be rude to me.
it says she followed my old account like in 2009 but i didnt kno cos I lost my password but I got it back today ILL DM HER FOR YA(:
Cartman singing I Swear on #southpark right now just kicked ass! Lmfao
Great, thanks.
Your health account is like your bank account: The more you put in, the more you can take out. - Jack Lalane
For more info on ALL our upcoming events, please visit www.opalgroup.net. Speakers and sponsers are welcomed
my Cowboys hater coworker who's a "Bears fan" can name u all our QBs in the past 20 yrs, but no clue on who QBed for da Bears
I'll re-friend you first, to make it easier. I ought to link you u with at least a couple more. Good luck.
Got to be on stage with and made love to the crowd during their show at Playground Festival. Totally awesome experience.
just got my tickets for the midnight show on thursday..... Kick ass!!!!
RT : general counsel comment - talking with OGC is great way to make admin aware of your DH project, impact
you're voice is beautiful! Im sorry people are rudely leaving! We love you! :-)
Whoa. It's snowing in MD??
There's some TMZing at the AT&T. Highly impressed with the quotes from tonight. Very insightful.
#Exp2TrailerLiveTweet #expendables2 trailer looks dope !! can't wait
Now that is here, and I can tweet about our info tech jokes
Check out my profile, y'all. Who digs the brackets?!
FREE ORGAN CONCERT 2-3pm w/renowned local Organist Dr. Carol Williams! SanDiego has the world's largest outdoor pipe organ!
Spring? What spring?
i really want to learn acrylic painting - wondering about classes/options/opportunities in DC
that akward moment when u try to turn on the tv but itz not working because u dont realize that u really have ur house phone in ur hand
Hope it's refundable.
Those tire snakes are causing some trouble already.
Follow back
had a blast....part like a rock star!
We doing shows for nice prices book Take Money ENT
happy new year!🎆🎉
Good morning! We hope everyone has a great weekend. Don't forget that small changes are just as vital as the big ones. Keep it up!
Thanks, Julie. You spread the word, and we'll share what passes for expertise around here to anyone interested!
CSI Las Vegas Series marathon!
oh yea I knew I forgot to look something up and it was that show lol what's it about?
my brother installs gps and stuff for a living, I'll check with him.
Hittin up subway before the mavs play!!!! Come on!
BC has never lost an ACC hockey game.
game on.
Call me old fashioned, but I actually take relationships seriously.
#BizTip Image is EVERYTHING! Invest in a quality website from the start, and reap the rewards for years to come!
ha we can still get some fist pumping in
heh. RT : Finally, that thing I hadn't started using yet together with that thing I hate using.
... Hector was saying on facebook to call him if you wanted to get rid of tix
when do u work? I work sat at 3. Sunday at 10:45
Today, pick one element of your daily life or your daily workout, and approach it with more effort and intensity than usual. Just 1. Go4it!
welcome to Cincinnati!
I got it from someone else. When did you send it?
Having dinner with "myself" & "I", I'm so glad they didn't flake on me >
tnx for data
Thank you, Miss Tiffany. Your support is much appreciated.
"Life is on big road, filled with lots of signs! Don't get caught in a rut and complicate your mind!" B. Marley Thank goodness it's Friday!
Q3. help ppl remember that"everything" is bigger than it looks like. if frustrated, that's not t eternal perspective
I LOVE selena and justin :) justinlena ;D
I'm not even going to start this again.
playing nothing but hits
My mom just watched your ustream with me and she thought you were adorable:)
Omg #Pride is coming
Brit Lauren Music Video shoot Day 1. Let the shots begin! Yayers.
Rock Creek run, now heading to (post shower) to see Headhunters, very excited. Friday date night happiness
VP Biden's assertion that POTUS makes policy was principled in a way, reminded me. Remember Cheney's power grab?
Bruce. March 19.
Worth the wait. Fantastic book.
Yeah we gotta go !
thanks. :) at this point I just want to survive the quarter with out making any more mistakes.
We can help with your EXPO. We can rent copiers and printers for a day or more. Give us a call we can help. 303-778-0600
Did you get the vote? I saw ur vote and I think you accidentally voted for us for best Italian instead of Greek lol
I suspect you made Sam Cattle's year by meeting him today - he's quite a fan
Going to see that show next Friday in NY-- love Weegee
No matter how much you watch fresh prince it's impossible to get sick of it.
Are you planning your St. Patty's day or waiting until Thursday morning to figure out your festivities?
Had a great time photographing Donavon at Howards tonight.
Listening to 's Human Clay. Despite listening for the 12 years its been around, I still get surprised with how good it is.
Just had a lovely champagne toast w/ our staff to celebrate our one year anniversary! Thanks to all of #yinz that have made this year great!
Just checked the weather and it looks like I'm driving into a couple days of thunderstorms...sweet...
Not today, but a credit can be used to show a line-item discount. Email if you want to discuss in detail.
How is your family celebrating Mother's Day?
Meet 3 PSU grads who are starting a mobile grocery store to help the underserved in PDX. See it @ 6:30 on KGW.
Tracy: our children/gchildren won't be nostalgic abt books, but abt surfing.
Go #pcbl Dogs, a win puts us in the Playoffs.
How are people Tweeting when he's on stage?! I'll never understand!
i have a muscle knot the size of Atlantic City.
Yea an u! RT : And me RT : Im living my life for me & my kids NOBODY else!!
lol Kobe thank man
#Disparities data chlling: Infant death rate for Black Americans twice as high as for White Americans. Info via &
Or you could be the lady next door who throws cats at the RIT kids who party too loud.
very cool... You forgot my name but it's okay lol I still luv ya maybe next year props to you for thinking of and rocking it
Colored Jeans - hot or not?
HEY! i follow back to ALL of MY FOLLOWERS!! Follow ME! :) <3
Had a very productive night! Push it to the Limit!
have you guys thought of adding any sort of "pivoting" block? like a hinge? cause that would be cool.
RT : Planning Meeting. 7:30 a.m. On a Saturday. It must be love. #VaForum12 // (*cough, cough*)
Grrrrrr i freakin hate my twitter apps on my iphone that mess makes me mad it be freezin in stuff geesh im gettin a htc next
Take delight in the Lord, and he will give you your heart's desires. Psalm 37:4
agreed. Very intriguing tho...
RT : Show me a man that's worth it and I'll show you a woman who cares.
If I don't wake up and promote myself or promote myself before I fall asleep my day either isn't complete or I can't sleep. I stay grindin
what do you have though?
All this mommy stuff i do, Mommy needs some mommy time to herself, sorry kiddos! I hav a date this weekend! #groovebacktweet haha
Hi Gabs - we don't have any Venezuela scholarships right now, but keep watching for more in the future. Maybe at some point!
Any Marylanders who use(d) Chantix want to share their experiences with a reporter? Email
Getting plans together for Cochon 555....anyone coming? Should be amazing....
You heard right lol
Excited for some hot yoga tonight!
have you met the crew yet? ask them about #whatsitworth they have some #giveaways!!!
I gotta b bored on this b.s..
I almost fell over when the guy showed me the 12oz and the sticker said 4.99 i was thinking where are the other 5
YAY I FEEL REALLY SPECIAL..!! lol
Anyone arriving in Dallas around 8pm on Thursday night and want to share a cab into the city?
Abramovich's mobster friends have seemingly paid off this ref... Come on Fulham...
do you mean that in a bad way?
Should roll up just to make this female mad LMAO
Granted, gynecology is only a hobby of mine.
Any thoughts on the Blake Griffin dunk from last night?
me too.
come give me some good good.
I was told next year, its obviously gonna work like that you said. Rookies/FA for 3 rounds I think. Thanks 4 the feedback
Listening to ariana grandes song---"born this way"
that one was for you foo ;) <3
Merry Christmas
What is the best lunchtime side for your sandwich or burger - fries, fruit or coleslaw?
awwwuh! she really did! but don't forget Matt!!! He looked very #Fresh! haha! ;)
UW d-line had Hemer, Kelly, Muldoon and Allen all working together. DBs were Southward, Johnson, Cromartie and Jean
Robert Glasper's Beginner's Guide to Jazz: "I'd play them me, Roy Hargrove's RH Factor, and Red Clay...something they can relate to"...truth
I'm at UNO waiting for Calculus: The Musical to start.... God I'm such a nerd..
4/idk how many, breaks my heart to see her suffer so please go out and #PRAYFORDANICA she really really really needs it
Not even close. Probably about 20 at most.
They're painting Justin's office while he's in Florida. I'd have them paint mine when I'm in Kansas but it's mostly cube walls and a window.
I think we can safely call them the first "modern family"
yea im free! Just dm me ur contact n ill holla back at cha! Where u at rite now?
dare I ask who you are rooting for?
Thanks for the mention! Happy to hear you are doing well.
New neighbors moved in. Damn. I was hoping that house would remain empty until i could afford to buy it.
lol im down danny is gonna have his own show in a few years anyways
I Did Very Much Just Wish It Didn't Have To End Like That... :'-(
Good for you, Happy new year, looking forward see you in actions
Don't be I'n the kitchen if you can't handle the heat.. >.<
Ecxited for 's party! :)
Here is how CNN identifies Norm Coleman: "Is a licensed attorney."
4exy dude u are
SOX: Cody Ross doubles Daniel Nava for fifth #RedSox run. 5-1 over the #Indians in the fifth.
Woke up this morning thinkin about you. That may be weird but its true. So thinking about you. Your amazing. I love you.
Snow shmow were here to have fun all day! I want someone to make a snow angel on the patio! Bring it on!!! :)
omfg can you image? that'd be like jesus in a party
OR better yet he can join us and we can show him how to party!!!
That mental image just made my week, lady. Well-done!
I think the sea has more luck than I. .. : (
My coworker brought donuts in to celebrate the appearance of a coffee maker at work.. no comment.
Tomorrow is gonna be SUCH a long day
Just gonna go drive to super heb ☀
"Tip toe, by the window"
really?? How did you get through it??
So hungry this morning i grunted while eating.... first time ive felt GOOD after a mcdonalds breakfast
RT : I'm just afraid one day, you'll leave me. Like everybody else has.
It's a "hint, hint" RT This is the second or third time Obama as pointed out that he got Bin Laden
had a good birthday. How to sushi books, froyo pie, calls, fb good wishes, cards, and much love. yay!
I feel honored to know why you googled 2/5 of those things. 👯
Aw, shucks. Thank you. :)
There is no such thing as a non-working mother-download- InSpotter app
just here came from a good ass party ...
don't mind my gasping, it's just so much harder to breath when you're near.. 
followed:)x
Heey girl you are stalking me ! Lol 😊
i have so many old embaressing tweets opidshgjsdg;ilaesg
On paper, #Maryland law looks good but information released by Dept of Human Resouerces not complete.
What u guys thinkn? Bulls in 4?
...but not when I access it via "proj/index.php" - in that case it loads Pages -> home. No luck after hours of googling. Any thoughts?
i hate how my sisters act so spoiled in front of their friends.
#YouWasCuteUntil you started talking down about yourself
Loving it!! Didn't realize what I was missing until I got one.
Second City Hollywood TONIGHT @ 10PM for THUNDERDOME!!! D SWAN competes for the 7th week in a row!!! Help us stay Champions!! $5. FREE BEER!
Paul's Thorn forced Him to trust in God and come 2 others in weakness. He related to the people where they were. He shared the Gospel!
that twat Bartolli is some idiot..City will end up imploding with douches like that in their squad..xmas will tell all as usual
it's buenos diaz
waking up at 10:00, now listening to music. let's HANGOUT?! CALL ME
that's very kind of you, member of my vast social network.
omg 1 more follower until 650! should i do a live chat once i get there or should i just wait until 700?
RT : #Enservio named third fastest growing private company in Boston by #bostonbusinessjournal. Insurance is fun (really)!...
Another good one!
#Atlas V #rocket launch mission scrubbed ... maybe 24 hours, maybe Saturday ... was still fun to be out & about
cant wait til TNA :D RIP Donna Summer
i LOVE and appreciate every single one of you, my followers, my fans, my family and my friends. #JustRememberThat. #AppreciationTweet. <3 (:
I was sad to hear is against the minimum paid sick days. Forcing people to choose between money and health is unacceptable.
It took me a bit to figure out how to send you a tweet! At least, I think I did this right . . .
Hannah, I miss you so much:(
lmao...You're too much, I can't with you lol, miss you!
I dont need they help i can do it myself
Being in this house aggravates me!
"Hey yogurt, if you're so cultured, how come I never see you at the opera?" - Attributed to Stephen Colbert
Crazy allergies. A week out of town can't come soon enough.
Saturday night RAIN. NO COVER all night. 21& up welcome. Dj Mystik in the mix. Texas Toy, Twim Inc & Peter Blue. Dnt miss out!!!
It's the wine. -RT : ugh just used week 2x in one tweet
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck. I'm so tired right now it ain't even funny. And I got places to go :(
I'm not giving up on this. I can't lose what I care the most about.
Things will get better. It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
I think this February 14 is going to be so awesome... Because I'm gonna be with him... Ü
you just dont listen...where you lack is your physicality, u need to be under a squat rack...i dont want to hear about camps
hey drew its charissa i thought i was the awesomest person ever:(
New PALI "Lavish" off the upcoming Rude Awakening album will drop friday
Thanks & others for the tweets re Speak Up 2011!
Even though the whole world stops listening, I need you to hear me.
Colin that's gross ;)
Had so much fun with and everyone else last night! :)
cutest thing ever
Is stitchin' and bitchin' with Dennis...
Thanks, everyone for a great #nasig11 ! I met great people, learned great things, saw a bit of St. L and can't believe I have work tomorrow!
ru williams still sings ?
World leaders r meeting in NYC to adopt a new declaration to reaffirm commitments to fight global #AIDS. Join the march in Bryant Park!
tax breaks created by you lefties for your rich, elite, friends that really don't want to pay tax,)
I just made 50 dollars in tips and that was on a slow day!!!
WAS TO DIE FOR
season's over.
Layla.. knock it off.
@ the closing event for the BSG exhibit @ the EMP (which rocks btw) Too fun! Surrounded by sf peeps! :) Panel Q&A starts soon
Relationships are precious, don't take them for granted. The worst feeling in life is, when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
LOL! RT Overheard at This is It: "Whatever happened to that other bartender?" "Oh, nothing, he just went to prison."
once u start u simply can't stop.im just trying 2 get a high score on fruit ningas!!
I have a present for my mom, by the way. I always get her flowers the morning of though.
if you had Cinemax, ferris buehler is on demand.
AHH YOU SEWIUSSS? THAT MAKES ME FEEL SPECIAL..
enough of Cuse fans bitching bout refs Play better n you won't have to blame it on em. orange had a great season.Ohio was better team 2night
I haven't cried this much since ,when I found out about my brother
LOVE YOU!
RT: When someone special walks into your life and is able to change things for the better, Don't ever let them walk away”
I have lemon parties
omg where?!?
Lebronzilla is doing that.
I have the most amazing boyfriend ever. 💗 yeah, be jealous.
I really like the new , except I have to click to see total views. Don't lie - we all look and judge.
Bass tracks for Burning Revenge finished!
Nah, don't feel guilty. You earned it! (Great job this week, by the way! I was one of the percussionists in the pit.)
I love when the easter bunny leaves plastic eggs full of candy!
Woohoo! Love to see Firefly on
thank you 😊
call me later
Off to the nail shop with my mommy!
you gotta do the incline while you're in the burg'.
basically what's happening. We need all of them back.
The only places checks into are the law school library and places that serve coffee and beer.
I tried watching the Vikings stadium #mnsenate floor debate this afternoon Just.couldn't.do.it
Daily bagel with
QR Codes - What The Heck - How To Use Them - www.WebWhizWorks.com QR Codes - How to use qr codes f.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Thanks for the RT! (Sorry for being late to thank you - I've been out of town for 2 weeks.)
yes you're right. I still town on Chelsea lol. Did you change your twitter name for a bit?
The Chester WSOPC grind continues today. $560 with 120ish regd an okay starting table with Philly's finest &
TODAY: Info session in 1121 Humanities at 7pm, Hope to see you there!
But never late is better ;)
Performance, and performance alone, dictates the predator in any food chain.~SEAL Team saying
ThMorUKno: “Logic might be imagined to exist independent of writing..[but it].. descended from the written word.”-JamesGleick,TheInformation
lets get it to trending #ProudOfAC, because we love ya so........<3
San Jacinto/Navarro is coming up next as we shift to the winner's bracket portion of the tournament
We in the city are spoiled with our solid, dependable cell signals. Oh for a land line. (this tweet brought to you by a wifi)
Those long jumpers from Iguodala don't look as good when the don't go in. I want the first quarter back.
you have to have really good tumbling to make jv freshman year for football season
Stories that help us cope w/grief are so rare and vital. Thx to and for , now on #Netflix. Lovely & smart!
Yep they host the A's
Yes! Elliott took a class all about that - when he gets on I'll have him tell you more -J
Thanks for checkin them out! <3 RT : Just listened to and loved them. :]
I wish I could of seen DJ am perform ):
hello facebook how u doing
#nowPlaying Kryptonite - Purple Ribbon All-Stars
that's awesome!
Good idea! "Visit us! RT __________ is the first thing I'll do when I get to Hawaii."
I love how my mom says we don't have enough money to buy you a pizza but she can afford a fucking 12 pack of beer for my dad. Wtf???
I'm so hungry I have to turn away every time a pizza commercial comes on.
Yes, it sounds...Just. Like. That. lol
The more followers I get, the harder I work at #GettingItDone!
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. ~Plato
open today until 7PM for early voting. Use Delaware St door for easy access to CCB.
your welcome :)) just got my diploma
You can kiss my Oh My Gah!! hahaha love you Karmin!
I needs me some ghost chilis to wake up today
Woot! advanced to round 2 in the #newschallenge! Thanks to and everyone who engaged with us.
Thanks stormy weather, I needed a shower.
#Martin, A Feast For Crows (Song of Fire & Ice/Game of Thrones #4). Maybe worth the overdue fine to polish this off over the long weekend.
Ah #Cowboys do it again... Least we can still win the division
Does NFL need to do more at youth level in terms of better coaching & access to info for parents?
what. i will crush him.
Will do. When are the best runs at McChesney?
Mercy Corps Monday is Today at Costello's. As we do every Monday, we'll donate 5% of our sales to Mercy Corps.
RT “: My mom is making me go to the mall in this thunderstorm... better like her present 🎁👍 #Literally”
describes how her pitch to cover inner city probs in LA was not well received. She did it anyway and won a Pulitzer
I throw that mastering on that rack city my nigga. U know that's extra rite there + that sauce. Lol.
We are sampling the "Altana" tonight at a wine tasting. We love this wine! Cheers!
ha just sitting watching it snow! first snow day of the year :D
Hm...you think - really? RT : Corp culture is not the same as employer brand either... emp brand = reputation
Aw! I know Michelle is missing them but they're in excellent hands!
Love From Missouri<3
"Don't quote me on that, I'll have to go back and look." - Another pearl from ESPN's Amy Lawrence. #canwegetsomejournalistsontheair?
Thus, each morning and evening a Jew re-enacts and re- appropriates the encounter with God at Sinai,
Three different types of objects in the person data repository: persons, aspects, references.
Seeing a car in the middle of the mall and thinking "How the fuck did they get that there?!"
Its another wonderful monday upon this oh so amazing land...we shall walk in the sun until the rain comes down & then dance the night away!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW>>>>> RT THIS FOR A SHOUTOUT BY ME!!:)
Hey power went out! Wait. How am I tweeting this? Oh... Computer has a battery pack backup... Back to work :(
We laughed at the #Bridgestone commercial, funny stuff with #deon an
Avengers was fun. Now sleep.
I #need a #ciggaret Cereal Bowles
I wanna look nice today and do my hair and stuff, but I have things to do
,i love u baby
Good game #TNT #NBA Golden State and Dallas Maverics
My #WDW friends, what are the crowds outside of MK like?
#ConfessionNight I think Chris Martin might even be tied with right now,
This time last year Mike Brown was saying that would retire a Bengal. & 2 of the QB's had the last name Palmer. I miss Chad most!
I need it to be summer
18? What site?
Tampa u
I got regular and decaf beans and mixed them. Still drank the same amount of coffee. Reduced the caffeine level every few days.
Well done Royals? That doesn't sound right.
I was getting there!!!
everyones dead man ur the last man on earth u didnt hear?
Check out the new studio update to hear a clip of #teotwp :)
Females everywhere i need to grab one.
I got a massage from a psychic once. It was unique. She predicted it would happen before it happened!
Get familiar wwith subject data repositories, and insert yourself in that process.
i wanna watch christmas movies. Who's in? ??
Great now I missed a whole paper,while I was absent Thursday!!! Just my luck,
My goal is to hit it and hit it and hit it till my 21st birthday. It's my gift to myself.
tippers. And left emergency contact info with multiple peeps who for my back
BEER SCHOOL!!! AWESOME. We'll pass this info on!
LMAOOO the umbrella thing out my back says 'do not erect in windy conditions' hahahahahahaha.
You haven't tweeted at all today :( but we know your #FOCUSED on Believe and Iove you for that can't wait till Sunday
I just find a lot of FP tutorials lacking a problem being solved, see our monad discussion many months ago
I know some hood people but damn.
Convos with my niece is always so enlightening
Oh my goshh. Where did you get that purple?!
This sentence should be synonymous with the sound of "Taps" playing for #Knicks fans. RT Lots of Toney Douglas tonight.
I'm very scared for tomorow !
but could u pl watch the video ?
Knee deep in Something I shouldn't have gotten into.
Life its self is a mystery
I'm ready to go right back to bed though.
Forced to listen to Jesus music at the auto repair store.
Putting the finishing touches on the #THOR video for Getting close...
What was YOUR New Year's resolution? Have you broken it yet?
“: I want sonic.” sprite*
I saw the April real estate numbers this AM & thought of your sister. She was spot on with her optimism.
How do you leverage credit to create cash?
our government had been corrupt since inception
Your Mom is my fav combackk
News round-up-AEP repeals rate hikes, Walmart may come to Oakwood, Dimora trial starts and stops. Join reporter's roundtable now on 90.3.
haircut and haircolor party please? I miss your face.
hehe, I mean I guess if you're into that ;)
did anyone order a personalized tour dvd? around check out did it ask you about your personalized message? cause its not asking me (c)
it's a good thing you don't care if your fans cry when we meet you bc I'll be bawling. #HappyTears!
i couldn't even dance with my bestie without roger jumping in
Got accepted to the D:Hive BUILD class to write my business plan and network with other entrepreneurs! Excited!
“: Why is everyone so sad on my TL??? Don't worry people tomorrow is Tuesday so you know what that means......POPEYES!!!”
Over/under on how many dogs respond to that tweet?
About 30 1 or 2 hit wndrs too..The Vapors, Wall of Voodoo, Naked Eyes, The Squeeze, When In Rome, The Furs, Bow Wow Wow, Adam Ant
It is of great importance that you wash behind your ears.... I hate when ppl with stank ass ears try to hug me..
All day!
Would rather watch #idol over X factor any day.
thats good...I've been chilling and babysitting
you are correct DMoney...ancient aliens is hilarious...I do agree ;)
Just killed biceps and abs. Sore as hell.
cool, thank you.
I #want a .gif of the Davey Johnson reaction to Zimmermann hitting Hamels. He gave Jordan the "WTF are you doing?" look.
Maybe watching the Make It Or Break It episode that I missed yesterday will make me feel a bit better.
I so agree lol RT Pets > kids
no id love too though
Yo mama so bald even a wig wouldn't help!
Got a DFL fundraising email pimping results of latest P poll and "incredible show of momentum" for DFL. Umm... going from 49-40 to 48-39?
Its official now. Scaphoid bone and radius in right arm broken on 9/19. turned 42 and had accident same day. new white cast.
Hey . Havent talked to you in a while . i miss you brah . you should come visit me . anytime . (: Love Kailynn .
Coolness, thanks for the link!
it was our pleasure!
You are a bastard.
I just wanna get out this house.
I trip out everytime I see it. Serpe can't breathe on it.
Robert's Peaceful Warrior is a great workout!
I'll be there Saturday afternoon and i too wish that was now...
Did you know shares their building with a modeling agency?
This is new South Asian Rapper I rap in English, Punjabi, Hindi/Urdu.
okay talk to Ashley about it
Can't finish the Accord, it is raining. What to do…what to do...
Heading off to work in a cloud of gloom. I leave it to my students to lift my mood!
Since I share the name with a #RedSox game maybe I need to warm up
Some songs, make me happy, make me hyper, but some songs.. just bring back all the memories..
searching for art to put up in my room...
Eh. I went last year to #iwny. Not much to tweet about last year either.
yo can I get a shoutout
The Bobcats should be the only thing in NC that people talk smack about! Oh yeah and John Edwards! LOL
Off to a good start already - sunshine in store for the Tribe's Home Opener.
In mendenhall at the basketball game
Have to pick up Root Killer at the hardware store on my way home. Yeah for clay pipes.
Hey ! Tell coach 2 tell his players 2 skate puck in. Letting Brodeur play the puck hurts us & allowed Devils to skate down score!
“: That person in class that always acts like they're fucking Albert Einstein. Calm down, bro.” Claudine......
You should pick me <3
In my dream I had Lola out tah kill me..
good evening Simon? How was your day?
you NERD!
like any picture of him<3 lol
Btw #tourproblems running out of jacks. Both smokable and in your guitar. I know ya fill meh.
Watching the hunger games with Kailey, only 6 others in theater, glad we waited til today
Mine was great, very busy and productive, just how I like it. :)
are you guys planning to tour?
Naturally occuring "good days" are a fluke. Most good days I have happen by choice. Do you find this to be true?
RT : Jimmy Marsh THE REDEMPTION now available on iTunes! #GETTHAT!
CATS CATS CATS KITTIES on today's show! Purrrrrrfect! Tune in to
I just realized you're in London. Me too! Know of any good Korean restaurants in this town? I'm craving some kimchi.
RT : Take time to re-connect with family and friends- Don't carry grudges or hard feelings, the future is promised to NO ONE!
I have high hopes
me to I wanted to cry yesterday at graduation practice
google won't let me get ads. fake ass bitch ass niggas.
Looking forward to attending some LEEP classes for the #gslisui Fall Reunion!
this is borderline flirting
Idk but especially when the wires are cold. I just sit there intertwining them between my toes.
hahaha...too funny. Yup.....75-80 today...summer gear! ;o)
#DOJ has a publicly available memo (Filips memo) that sets forth very helpful standards for compliance programs
#InstantTurnOn when they pull you closer to them!
the slippery slope argument... allow that and before you know it we'll be marrying llamas, microwaves and azaleas, right?
Watching the formation of a multi-dimensional "ideas" landscape on my macbook is really what Friday nights are all about
strange, strange boys
Busy night far away 4 Pierce County Deputies who were investigating a deadly shooting b/w a man w/a gun & 1 w/a knife. Suspect in custody
your dad looks like he could be levine's dad, or much older brother??? ya know?
Show some class. Remember to pay for your booze and hookers today with pesos.
there is no theory of evolution, just a list of animals chuck norris decided not to kill.
Loving up on some virtual school
#saints franchise just took another hit what a joke!!!
It doesn't need to change much - UI-first could just be a way of validating the same approach you were going to take
omg i know right? makes me laugh all the time! hahaha
Nice grab, Braylon. I hope you have many more.
I find the best time to think of all my masturbation jokes is when I'm on stage. The worst time? At my high school reunion.
I'm so uncomfortable watching the shake weight commercials :/
More random: I wasn't following before, I just saw a random RT from another follower. But I'm following her now. :)
In case you were curious, OPLIN's Dynamic Website Kits are typically designed while listening to
#yomomma so fat she sat on a memory foam mattress and gave it amnesia.
im good sis do you have gmail
does your 4 monitor setup work with OS X Lion?
Good morning! RT I rested, am revived &ready 2 reap Friday's blessings. May you benefit today's fruits.Happy Friday every1.
lol I often sing that in my head on my way to work
I will try to remember. The project is still very much in it's infancy stage.
Remember who you really are - simply manificent.
": So glad I buy organic - especially apples! Thanks for sharing! Saludos!" Saludos, keep it up!
Wouldn't it have made more of an impact if CONQUER SOCIAL MEDIA had all been capitalized rather than just SOCIAL?!?...
On #nplead call,
Bad. Ass.
Thanks for partaking in Ohio Nachos w/ us! Hope we see you again soon~
RT : #Actors: eliminate something superfluous from your life. Break a habit. Do something that makes you feel insecure.
Dc commuters should avoid 14th at all costs. Police have it shut down at Florida.
Hanging out with and
Love it! Love it! Love it! Thanks for sharing, Beth! :-)
Her voice is too deep for a Whitney tribute!!!
trying to learn the tweetdeck
IRememberWhen - Me and my BFF talked to the guy who started We Came As Romans for about 3 hours<3
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. — Mahatma Gandhi
beyond sad! But at least we finally learned. Hopefully, at least.
Thanks to for the great show at the Yacht Club last night! Mellow day in IC, then Vaudeville Mewes tonight in Des Moines
Loll, no one but forreal, doesnt matter.
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME
Did BG get poisoned by a frosted mini-donut? Find out on next #highbrour!
Have a great holiday weekend everyone! Too bad there are no extra days off, though. :/
I'm finding that you are absolutely correct
: well well.. FINALLY follows me! I feel so...loved! Hahahahaha!
Barrier to leadership development is gap between awareness of leadership development and the gap in org implementation.
Your welcome. :P I've seen you live before. :)
Resolution #1: Finish projects, e.g. that R. Kelly/C.S. Lewis mashup "Trapped in the Wardrobe."
Today's Soups: Beef Vegetable Barley & Cream of Asparagus
Yeah,I'm back to the Selenators!Love you Selena<3
“: Back porchin' with the dog” tell Jackson I said wuddup
marry me?
Dear North Carolina, thanks for thaking 5 steps back!
It was a pleasure to watch you play this year. Thanks for representing the University with class and always leaving it on the floor.
Cant sleep thanks to and I love you
excited for Dance Moms Miami :)
Good news? There is coffee in my house. Bad news? My #Keurig needs distilling in the worst way.
Nope! Something just reminded me of how great to two are. :)
Methods for Measuring Your Heart Rate During Exercise - It would be useless for you to know which heart rate zones will help you get...
totally! lovin it
Dead Boot - Grapefruit
Diablo i gotta take a shit
omg! No, I can't believe it's been that long :(
So my grades arent a reason my mom say no to drake
Working away since 4am as usual...
Voter 222 at Fire Station #1. Not bad for a downtown area right?
FUCK YO AVI U LOOK LIKE A INSIDE OUT ROTTEN WATERMELON U SOGGY BUMPY FACE BITCH
Who do you guys think is going to the Superbowl?
I 'm a journo working for >> KSWB FOX5 << and would like to be in the journalist directory!
I saw you all getting yelled at cuz I went to go throw some trash lol
it's pretty good. It'll prolly be better once I find a place. The drive is killing me.
A bestfriiend is someone tht knows when somethings wrong, knowsthe guys you like, etc... but a bestfriiend is someone tht is always thei ...
I guess not
Who'd rather be watching Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers than Madonna right now?
#caps. The legs are on fire.
Oh Phil, man. We are so old.
| We agree! Looks awesome!
And seriously...getting charged again to reconnect? Cable is such a bullshit racket
how did it go?
RT : It is time, I think, for a beer.
sweet. Nice ref; that will work quite well...!
This Just In::: Cigars are always welcomed to our patio. Fresh Cubanos on request.
OPENING NIGHT!
Great picture of the mummies! :)
that awkward moment when 's album has been playing on replay on my itunes for 1 hour and 45 min straight....... :D
He's probably not interested in you because he's too busy chasing someone who's not interested in him
way to tweet twice
i have no idea how to use it :( like.. none at all. idk if it even works bec when i open it nothing loads?!?!
Twitter for good - Target. What's your goal - Serve as info hub? Share a personal voice? Provide customer support?
#tie2011 feedback Is very important opening session.
Kambale: govts still maintain control of regulatory framework over media landscape ie Congo elections, sms service was cut off
shoutout to the world
Bobby Dale making it happen right now! Exciting news to come!
What are your weight loss goals? Are YOU committed to them?
Our new website is almost ready - July is going to be an active month
A. Kawasaki Ninja B. Honda Valkyrie C. Harley Davidson fat boy or D. Ducati Monster
Well folks, it's been real, and it's been fun, but I think the days of are done. Not the team, but at least this Twitter account
What a day I have had! Finally at my desk after completing a 5:30 conference call. Hope I can finally do some work!
Ultra Vires => Beyond the powers or legal authority
I hate it when you're trying not to cry In front of someone, but as soon as the ask you, "Are you okay?", you lose it.
2012 dates for Pasta for Puppies & Kitties posted! Support the animal group of your choice by dining with us on a Sunday!...
educating Debbie on how important is. making the stories on the newspapers and stuff is kinda a big deal!
Audit of federal reserve proposed resolution at #rpw2012 roll call vote called for by some over whether or not to include language that ...
I returneth to The Dark Tower - Dark Tower IV - Wizard & Glass by Stephen King
And now I'm a zombie.
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything. - Bil Keane
Last chance to tweet or DM me why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre on 28th Jan. Support twinning
it is(: i will google some(:
I agree...LOL...they are either aliens or robots...Scott Walker acts like a robot on painkillers.
Ive spent so much time trying to fix your life that I forgot about mine ..
i want a do over of this work day.
and dont listen to what these negative ppl are saying thats just the enemy trying to keep you guys down.
Watching The Graduate and blowing off studying.
#3: Using a fake ID, FINE: $177
Yes. They. Do! But you most! RT : #2011in3words Food Trucks Rule!! :)
I used to get so many mentions, that i couldnt keep up with them! haha. i want that againN!
Congratulation 2011 certificate recipients! We enjoyed celebrating your accomplishments at today's ceremony!
My sister-in-law is telling me one of the guys who did "Teach me how to dougie" got shot and died today.
I can see you showing up wearing this when you adopt 18 cats. All named after imaginary royalty,in a van,down by the river.
"I like it organic...& my #socialmedia too...making 1 friend at a time"
Looks like its going to rain... Perfect.
wow, top notch food & service. A dining experience fit for a king, thanks!
Ehhh. OK. Liver gets a break tonight. Gonna eat a Bic Mac, sink in my bed and watch 'My Week with Marilyn' for 37th time till I pass out.
The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time. Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
All this means is LBJ Finna go off 2nd Half
Waking up with the same motivation I fell asleep with.
Clickbank Tutorials - BANS - EBay Store The Easy Way
Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader and fuller life.
My beds still messed up and my clothes still smell like you.
Yesterday was fun tho
Gays weird me out just as much as the next guy but we are wasting time and money in government trying to prevent it.
The Blind Side is the new Marley and Me
Good morning:)
. And we all have SW names, so really, the story is just that we are a big geeky family. :D
start watching Prison Break on netflix, its a dominant show...trust me
I never knew what GPS stood for until now. the full 3 words was just a puzzle on Wheel Of Fortune
Oh My God!!! I KNOW RIGHT? he looks sexy with his skinny jeanss<3
Ah I'm going to wawa!
You missed an awesome show!!! Krit & Bun B performing together...Man!!!
ughh..i know! its like theres no need to hate on him..keep your comments to yourself! If my dad would just watch nsn (c)
Waving in the rain on Caroline and Madison was challenging. But we did it!
California Art Club Autry Museum Exhibit. Paintout Sun 4/22 - Free but must RSVP. Nice!
I know I shouldn't put gas in my car around 12 p.m. but damn it, I'm dangerous.
I miss Nathan. </3
going hard like bricks
ok sir
Uh oh Keith Frazier on the news.....?
Atlantic city, we comin
As I mean she is sexy... <3
ACM night at tomorrow, March 1st. , , and Oxford Town. Music starts at 10pm. $3. 21+
27 of 30 for and - more points possible with the team dance coming up later.
I'm preparing to participate in the WPWC 1480 AM radio Ward 5 Candidate interview. Tun in to hear the discussion.
Just ran into Mink Stole in the lobby of our Baltimore hotel.
Not a fan of spending my Saturday mornings doing expenses! Need help!
Just finished "Uprising" you will be quoted extensively in my thesis on the uprising.
": yes m'am" OK you better come by Nae misses you!
My boo is KILLING them at his hiphop class!
How in the bloody hell did that happen? :(
“Remember, the greatest gift is not found in a store nor under a tree, but in the hearts of true friends.”
People with #socialphobia become anxious in everyday social situations. They have an intense & chronic fear of being watched.
I can't help it, I'm a huge OFWGKTA fan.
Why does search in #iPhone email app suck so much? I have to use gmail app to search my email on iPhone.
oh damn i thought you were gonna say stocking inventory...no offense or anything
Mom wont put her feet down cause she saw a snake.
7lbs 14ounces... anotha stallion in my family. Congrats D love ya
That sounds pretty tranquil :) Um I'm just about to take a shower here in a few and relax afterwards. Boring..I know. :/
how bout a RT for a big fan on a bus w/Carmel marching band headed to NYC to play in Macy's Parade
Confidence is like lipgloss, all you have to do is put it on.
sure! Would love to take a look.
Yess its beautiful!:) I'll like it
“: LET'S HEAR DIS BS EXCUSE” cause you got my bitch number dawggg !
Yrs ago in the midst of NYC my little one handed me "peas+quiet" from her purse. If only we could hand it out like that!
Next time i go back to los angeles im going to take pics at staples center, dodgers stadium, usc & the rose bowl stadium...
hahaha yeah man blonde mullet swag
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Wayne Gretzky Three classes tomorrow. 6 AM Adults, 9:30 AM Cheerleaders, and 6:30 PM Adults.
thank you!👍 #loveyoutoo!
Not when there is no players or game around but to knock them behind the knees onto the floor is different.
#Tupac still sexy
RT : Life doesn't change, but people do. So learn to accept that not everybody is who you thought you knew..
#FF from sunny
Have to wait for my mom to get back from her thousands of errands before I can do anything.... Ughh :/
good night:)
should have been 7-3 sometimes you don't want to take calls from the 702 from #TheM you know what I mean?
LOL... It's just fatigue on the Lakers part... Where you been? RT : yeah right
Within anyone of a certain age who's ever been a Catholic lives an urge for fish on Fridays.
we look forward to welcoming you to stay.
Wow, Blown away! That was a while ago!
The DreamFace Team will be at the #stuctureconf VIP Reception and Dinner tonight. Looking forward to meeting the power behind the cloud.
What goals are you setting for yourself this week?
It's happy hour at Galactic Pizza, everyday 4-6 p.m. with $2 pints of beer and half price appetizers!
AT&T's "customer service" is managed by Satan.
Sausage and Peppers with my Homemade Marinara over pasta. serves 6, $20. delivered. 2 for $35. This Wed, 7/20..only 10 orders left people!!!
RT : Let's go spurs lets go
Kentucky having their way with Kansas right now. This is what I was afraid of. Not looking good for KU.
It's not fun being the one that cares more.
Behind on this one but what I'm hearing from the latest Grouplove CD I really....well...love.
The inventor of the mirror poisoned the human heart.
Social Media 101: Be yourself (via )
you are awesome!!!!
one of my aunts advised me to marry an old rich guy. She says I inherited that "skill" from a few of my great aunts.
I wonder if British people sit around trying to talk in an American accent? :O
You just know when you know
Book LL vs the defending champ who already survived KK vs AA AIPf? No bet!!!
#HappyMothersDay to everyone out there...
So I'll always have much more interesting stories and be portrayed by great actors and you'll be rebooted every 5 years?
As an Auburn fan, the season has 50% ended. Now I cheer for the SEC and anyone they have to beat to keep the crystal football in the SEC.
What we do is hard work, what they do is no fun.
Intro'ing yourself as ALA FUCKING Totebag in preso/intros to new peeps. No one outside of your little sphere gives a shit about you.
": 'Bathtub' spelled backwards is still 'bathtub'. It's not, but for a second there, you believed me." Lol almost tho...
Thanks for the mention, :) let us know if you need any help with #Vegas related stuff.
oh no!!! that's terrible! Are you sure it just doesn't need to be recharged?
Woulda been nice but Rangers don't need Fielder. Resign Josh, Nap, Kins and Cruz! Can't wait for...baseball?
lmao Cameron Diaz is so adorable
just in general I'm always tyrn to be all happy an nice to ppl that don't do ish for me
Automatic Data Processing Inc. (#ADP) Private-sector employment increased 119,000 in April, the lowest result since September.
Pumpkin carving ideas?
Your team is moving onto the next round. I said good job. Move on with your day.
Limited quantities of unique home furnishing and accents at MIYOHome’s SAMPLE SALE. Stop by today for your private tour.
Aww I always thought her big brother was sexy a hell
Anyone recommend a good Yoga spot in Chicago?
Listenin to this police scanner on my phone and all I hear is calls for #inkster its live as hell over there
RT listening to a good station on Is it the Barry Manilow channel? :)
Apparently I have officially gotten too old for the Easter bunny to bring me a basket.
nope, we're getting some girl lol ive never heard of her before
Vegas is right around the corner
you are too funny.
An ice cold beer from the fridge is enjoyed best after a shockingly busy day in the office.
Almost done! Rendering the final cut.
I will never leave a fallen comrade.
TASTE on Melrose is so fuckin tasty!
The Railroad Street tasting room has growlers of Nightfrost Porter again! Pick yours up before they're gone!
NFL #Draft hats are brutal!! Look like 80s Starter caps
F' it! r should I put my hair down how Peeta does it or should I spike it up how Josh does????
Add me on #drawsome. Username is Asj52.
I need that for my brain.
Love asos and market place !!xoxo
no problem, anytime. goodluck
I'll be back at the convention center in 15 min. Headed back from Intercontinental.
Very sad now
S|O to you mogs too!
you bet i'm around...furiously building...
What campus did you graduate from?
Older people do some of the funniest stuff like kicking stuff when there mad.
Magnet Creative Seminar next wknd in NYC; How Social Media is Making Your Work Cooler, Better & MORE Creative than Ever!
Well look who it is!
is there something specific we can do to make the process easier?
Was happy to see that my new yard didn't have much grass. Not much grass means not much mowing, right? Wrong! My lawn grows like weeds!
-Hey can't wait to see you in concert in the US. On March 3!
follow me Shealeigh ? pleasee i love you... :)
#CNN is reporting former NFL Linebacker Junior Seau dead at age 43.
happy birthday justin bieber
You know how we roll...we can't stay away from that cinnamon creme cake!
so Greene gets a pass because the offense didn't score more runs? Did I hear that right? If the score was 8-8 does he get a pass?
thanks boo! I won prince though ;D
Tomorrow is the day to close Wells Fargo accounts! Where can we find the divestment letter?
Agreed. Would depend of who attacks and how. I still consider Jones undefeated too. He was dominating Hamill before the DQ.
Monday! A great day to be in the service of God Almighty! Mission: Glorify God!.
cool just followed
SURF Report: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 6 ft. POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
what kinda phone did you get?
Ha- yeah, but which kind of pie?
Looking forward to the Senior Show tonight! Open to the creative community tonight, 6–9pm.
#ComedyAwards better honor Patrice O'neal and give him some awards.
constraints are now understood. Will see you on Sunday.
Thanks for the follow SAXtreme Magazine (SAXtreme)! :)
26 miles on a bike + not being in shape = tired. I should walk to the liquor store.
Put up another drawing and for a friend too. :D I just love drawing and showing my artwork!
Quinn never got hurt! Whoa
Listening to "Crazy Clown Time" from David Lynch. To quote my wife, "It sounds like he discovered Fruity Loops and drank turpentine."
Thanks so much for the RTs & Hope your week is off to a great start!
Employing masculine superpower: ignore feelings until they go away. also drink.
Kill me. NOW!
Hov moving the Nets to the BK has heated. You mad, big guy?
Note to and all the rubes. NO ONE was ever going to build a stadium on a toxic dump in Arden Hills. Get over it.
I've always wanted to get in a can and yell "follow that car!!"
If you're at New Wave of Journalism conf, tweet to #spjreg11!
I love you too bebe (:
awww that's sweet and what she say
haha ok if you say so
Probably get more meaningful user feedback or a ratemyarchivist.com RT : Neat - what if there were a "Yelp" for archives?
RT : Bush HS basketball player Cameron Ridley is signing today with the University of Texas Longhorns.
I am forever indebted to family & friends who encouraged & loved, propped me up when needed & kicked me in the ass when called for.
Win Celebrity Apprentice!!!!
Welcome back #UCF #graduate students - first day of Summer A & C classes. Hope everyone enjoyed their break!
I just remembered that the #NBA is a thing. Had completely forgotten about that. Thanks Twitter.
Wow kid .. you try too hard ..
I need summer terr!!!!!!
Why is it that on days when I HAVE to be up early I can't get up, but on days when I don't have to be up by a particular time, I'm up at 1??
ONE DAY TIL MY LAST CRY!!! AH SO EXCITED
Stevie Wonder@ International Java Jazz Festival_ TONIGHT!!!!
Wedding Tip - Give your wedding rings, and your engagement ring, a fresh dip in ring-cleaning solution the night before the wedding so they
We love it too-thanks for the mention!
Check our website infinitymenu.com to find your answer
Spandex for cycling is awesome. It makes the ride much more comfortable.
See I knew that this is how you act, so typical Said you love me, oh, but now you flipping like reciprocals.
Not true Poetic.
I think I want to eat a combination pizza and drink beer with
I hope I can use one tomorrow on my broom handle.
she's going to be in big trouble when I get home if the driveway isn't shoveled.
Drinking a glass of cold water right when you wake up will speed up your metabolism :)
Selfish question--do you know if the video that UMComm shot of will be shown?
#FEDUP Comparing Annual Deficit w/DEBT like comparing Total Mortgage owed verses Annual Mortgage payments - SILLY - Apples & Oranges.
Thanks for all the #FF's!!!!!
What is your Facebook Landing Page URL? RT FB: Twelve Restuarant and Lounge
RT : Microsoft PR: Once you get to know them, the snark cometh. Great people.
Happy Friday, my little goats! Remember the only way to make a better entrance than wearing a backless dress is holding an HG Variety Pack!
"Only those who will risk going too far, can possibly find out how far one can go." -T.S. Elliot
what up cuz
The buses hate me lately...
Reading "The Rest is Noise." Found my music collection is lacking. Made a mad grab for CDs at library but my computer is so slow at ripping.
Man cut your flesh and stalk mother nature
#Dignityofwork Like the Christmas I spent packing gutted herring for shipment to Japan. Super dignified
listening to AkOn and david guetta 'SEXY BITCH'
Going to Palm Springs Pride? Hyatt Regency Suites Palm Springs offers buy one get on free on drinks at the bar with your Diversity Card!
Listening to watch Madmen and that Don Draper is an asshole. Why do people love him so?
Cummings will be on Saturday Morning with at 8:00 AM EST on the Secret Service Scandal. Tune in!
Amira's Bellydance 101 Belly Dancing Basics For Beginners
What's the deal with Hawkeye not having his friend requests approved? He's awesome!
Just used it today re: my daughter! RT You never hear "lambchop" as a term of endearment any more.
ok lets go so i can get my show up and running
My pleasure Carol! Hope you're doing well.
Borrowing to build #schools = crushing debt; borrowing to build weapons = an investment in our future. Dump the #Tea Party
Happy new year
What a beautiful day here in Nashville.... The sun is shinning perfectly.
Horrible officiating!!!!!!!
thank you so much for letting me play! it was awesome and I had a great time <3
Who's the more foolish... RT : Big news? Packers preseason schedule. Bigger news? I now have over 1,000 followers. Crazy.
don't mess with people in 's and my generation. We get grumpier as years go by ;)
so would it be the studio or your gf ?
Apropos of nothing, I'm really hoping at some point you have a project named 'Pot Committed'.
"ADD ME ON TWITTER " you're obviously new
See you sunday RT w hat r they.chanting?
Oops! The Leine's Big Eddy tapping is this Saturday NOT tomorrow like we said previously.
When generating scaffolds, you can indicate relationships, such as linking comments to posts.
cant stop eating
You've put #Wiz in our heads forever, now whenever he comes on at we ALL give you a shout out ===> BOOM!!!
Urban Masters 1 show Opens Saturday. Featuring some very special sticker art by Mark your calendars!
thank you
just spilled some pickle juice on my crotch. but luckily i changed boxers quickly before my d**k turned into a p**kle. (a d**kle.)
I get lonely too.
It's Cyber Week on Capitol Hill & is covering Congr. Lungren's 10 a.m. hearing on Iranian cyber threats to US.
Personally, I'd do that right off the bat. Before we even said a word to each other. That's just me.
Frank Mirr put work in tonight.
All my reading group who've liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
Awww yeah fun at the Luxor!
I have 2 projects to do. LLN like im gonna do them.
