's United Center show - check, #ESMToledo - check...next up Puerto Rico! What a great week!
Thanks so much for the shout outs!
Heading to the Red Palace for Super Art Fight tonight with DC Burlesque...
how are things going Beau?! Can I just say I'm ready to see your photos on magazine covers!
- let the Messiah down?
Machine gun leaders course then training day 2. Better then the last
I prefer to buy my products knowing no one died in the process of making it. Of course I'd pay more for an iPhone/iPad!
Just bustin' yer chops! Love ya Carl & Sal! “: Sitting inside the car and tweeting...while I filled up my beast. 1 t
Going back to sleep
Master mind the team is in place and the product is showing up, making moves and building
You tried out recently launched yet?
Guess I should be in the city bathroom building business! Sounds pricey. Am curious & will come to a meeting to learn more.
Excited for rehearsal tonight with the Trio!
Wedding planning is so exciting!!
NOW: "Mo Betta Blues".
ok then my nigga thanks in fact would love to hear u on a black vodka remix from
Lol when a kid gets kicked out of biology for passing gas hahaha
At last, I've sufficiently detoxed from Mexico to break open the Cazadores Añejo.
My 11 year old car gets an average of 745,920 rods per hogshead with highway driving.
Headed to the
Well... Maybe Pop was listening to all you Spurs fans. Duncan and Splitter in the starting lineup.
“: followback please?”- followed. :)
Would love to! what would you like to know?
If they are in right direction, I let them go. If they are misguided, I may show examples...
no problem big bro :)
-Still ecstatic. Never disregard #thelittlethings or #thepowerofmusic. So grateful to have met you->Meredith, Orion, Sal, Chuck, Fred, Evan.
Tiki just brought me a (catnip) mouse. I wasn't aware that I was adopting another cat.
Might pull out of this office- landlord is haggling with us about painting and various other things that should've already been fixed.
"A Fine Romance" by the most famous dance team in motion picture ever, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers!... fb.me/1eB2BAhgg
Feliz Cinco de Mayo mi amigos!!
Thank you to the NPC, LAC, section planners, speakers. MLA HQ, and members for such a wonderful meeting.
My most frequently contacted contacts in my phone. My husband and Hopworks Brewery. That is normal right?
Never Again Tho
Yum!! I love the roasted mate with our new bourbon rooibus!
Keep count! Try out a calorie counter like myfitnesspal. Keep yourself on track and stay in your target caloric zones!
did you ask your grandma?
Welcome to #Indy, Andrew Luck! If you need a Realtor...
RT I removed my windshield wipers and now I don't get parking tickets. Suck it.
its an article on another side of the story, not my opinion and just because the NEWS says its true, doesn't mean shit
TAG goes to Batangas City | TAG
Thank you so much for the RT! It definitely is important information
OK People Line Up For The Thrill Ride Of Your LIFE!!!
The problem: I had to get a desk job at the age of 40 to realize that I don't know what I want to do when I grow up.
The only really good band going is the Wanted tbh
sometimes you gotta do what's best for America and not uncle Ed. Ron Paul!
check it : Join at Barnes & Noble at Crocker Park from Noon-2pm today. She has Daughtry tix!
Oh, that's another point. Have they played since Diaw joined the team?
RT : Partly Cloudy and 80 F at New York, La Guardia Airport, NY Winds are South at 17.3 MPH (15 KT). The pressure is...
wisdom teeth all gone and can't feel my face. My lip kinda looks like i got into a bar fight
When it rains, I don't mind being lonely, I cry right along with the sky.
currently undergoing construction in the pool area. Work done 10 business days.
that's very true
I'd love to see a demo!
13 more to go! Remember 300th follower gets a free drink (limit 10$) comped by owner 21+ only please.
Smith publicly thanks Luke Fickell and his staff for leading the team and his staff this season.
Its sad shes getting old :(
What if the one specific need I have involves an 05 Saturn & you as the driver? Then what Robert?! =) What happened to your car?
Yelping dentists is completely eye-opening and terrifying. Poor people trying to get clean teeth!
Ah crap...“: Ok - I have a list of 6-7 Podcasts to listen to. The real question is where is the funny one? I want a laugh”
email-able giftcards---for the last minute mother's day shoppers! <3
An hour and only 2.5 incomplete pages of French workbook are done. ;_;
Watched in person for 2nd time in person last night. Where was the passion? Bedeviled by Jersey?
The CATS get it done again! On to the SHIP! One more game and banner number 8 will be hanging from the rafters! C-A-T-S CATS CATS CATS!
On days like today-hail, thunderstorms, and tornado warnings-online learning is more valuable than ever.
watching liza minelli tell stories about her life, her parents, old movies and old movie stars on 's "private screenings." love it!
sup...hours later
Started following yesterday. Now I'm afraid to go outside.
I'm here!
Thank you what's the word....
Congrats to RG3 for the Heisman! Honey badger will be back next year
. Ah! what a difference a majority of women make. This week much saner, civil discussion
smh ppl. wild'n out these days , dgaf .
This sounds so refreshing!
In speech excerpts released early, the president will say that by the end of 2014 the Afghans will be fully responsible for their security
WOW! What a COMPLIMENT! Thanks, honey! Being listed alongside is such an honor b/c she always throws DOWN!
Just arrived, 30 cases of 6 pk cans of Churchkey. I believe it will all sell out by Monday, so grab yours while you can.
"It is very true, that the way you think creates reality for yourself." -Oprah Winfrey
Come on Its She does what she wants. Shes most unpretentious person ever She is being herself WE ALL should be doing it!.
... show your character, not your ass.
Wad Up....gotta go c my punk ass P.O. 2day!!itz a lot of wasted time & energy fuckin wit da law!!
OMG like I'm totally gonna look like a PATHETIC GDI wearing my Maryland basketball jersey around campus today!!!!!! LOL!!!!!!!
Ulta is the Walmart of Beauty. Sephora is the Saks Fifth. -drops tea cup and walks away-
Today will be a better day...I'm trying to stay positive and pray for the best
Our rental car is a 2012 grand caravan while our 2004 caravan is gettin fixed. this thing has more buttons than an all in one remote
it's all good. nothing wrong with a little back and forth. people got opinions. too bad 's are always wrong, tho
now all we have to do is know how to spot opportunities! thanks for sharing! :)
I'm through with the bs
Ug. That's near where I grew up. At least the pit bull ban didn't make it through.
Dude I love the lunchables nachos.
yes!! Stay in school :) my bad...
I promise I'll do better!
Glad the sun has come out in NYC now that the weekend is over. Got a lot of reading done.
you can't make everyone happy
.!!|.| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Can't wait for the Trees of Legacy Auction tonight !Come join and bid on our tree! Proceeds benefit the JLP!
You are awesome! How has life been?
There are absolutely no worldly circumstances under which you can't or shouldn't be making the very best of things. - Mike Dooley
I like the idea of a Kamara-Bunbury-Sapong front line...
Hollins of Fame.
haha yeah i got it sorry got no credit im waiting for the other sim to come through so i can change :) x
Watch new jersey drive
you know that chick or dude or...whatever you want to call it that's been hating on you? Well, they getting on my nerves!!!
kill me, kill me now
I just wanna ride in my whip with the top down
where are you staying??
Our blogs feed directly into the social site so you can see all of the videos & politick with 'ohana" from around the world!
AIDS obliges people to think of sex as having possibly the direst consequences: suicide. Or murder.
Great to hear! First #car2go experience today. Got me out of a pinch when I left my keys in the wife's car. So glad I signed up
guess it depends on your point of view. Some ppl wanted redev to end, others not. Same with changes to
#bri now its my wallpaper (':
I'm just having a bad day.
yeah man stay cool
Just gotten told I'm going to sing at a party with 200+ that is the largest crowd I've sang for ;DD what should I sing!
Might as well share, might as while smile, life goes on for a little bitty while
I thought Brodus Clay had a "feud"? Why do they keep tossing jobbers at him every other week... It's getting old now.
Still awaiting final details from the facility. We'll post the second we confirm a date.
throwing up?! are you very sickly or just a stomach bug?
Great CD, glad to see you still grinding bra....
its true, after the 30 that's when people want to start working out and getting slim again
How's Isabella going? You sleeping at all? :)
About this time next month, Rawhide Ranch summer camp will be in session! We can't wait! Can you?
ehhh never mind. my friend left. I guess that gives me time to make my review.
Are there any demos, goofy things we did for the internet, or live gems, that you think would be good to give away to our mailing list?
I'm hanging my head in shame.
How conflicted are UT alums who are Mavs fans right about now? #Durant does it again
"My Hearts A Stereo It Beats For Youhh So Listen Close" - Stereo Hearts<3
and great to hear! some funding opened up so I think I'll probably join early as well.
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.” ― Markus Zusak
Boom. Sweet.
Yeah it's a good thing the #NFL wants to do away with kick returns.
we can add a #getjiggywidit (; lmao
i was just saying hi :(
This is to that beautiful girl that will never leave my mind :)
Not realizing somebody texted you back <
that was fast. for what?
BOOM! You just did.
looking forward to long sleeve shirts, sweatshirts & jackets in a few months...
RT Just a heads up that if u r heading 2 & in NY, has some awesome flight deals now!
On a scale of 1 to dead puppy, how sad is it that I just left Whole Foods with only a bottle of wine and lilacs?
“: Congrats! They look tres chic!”
tomorrow's pie day. ha
Thanks for following! :) So many exciting things in store, we are excited to start spreading the word...
Thanks for the follow, sweets!!!
Congrats to Bradie Ewing on being drafted by the Dirty Birds. Great to see former walk on get this chance
Take a hint please.
YUM, that sounds fantastic. We're big fans of your sauce!
Today feels like a Monday, even though it's Wednesday. Stupid training classes have be all jumbled up.
well thats a better start to the #Brewers game than yesterday.
Thanks for getting back w/me. I gave ur number to Jenifer Jordan. She is covering the story today. :)
Why do girls want sex on their monthly wtf dude. That sounds painful
Why is it that you never find something you have lost until you have replaced it?
I hate working with a chick I've fucked, then fucked over... It's always an awkward moment!
Did you get a chance?!
We prefer the Double Sliding Window XOX over the Sliding Window. You can also get this window with a bronze or grey tint......
Had a lovely dinner catching up with to fabulous ladies! and Denise! Can't wait for my lemon raspberry cheesecake!!
I have been pretty happy with Comcast. I do not get the highest speed they offer, but always have pretty good speed and service.
wonders if anyone else has ever noticed that the word bed actually looks like..a bed..(do you see it or is it just me?)
Talking don't get nobody no where..taking matters to my own hands. Goodnight.
Congrats to Jim Boheim on win
I didn't really mean to outline a play in my head but...there you go.
Thanks for the follow!! I am a huge fan of MadMag and love coming along to events as an extra volunteer or ' date!
yep -- how about this stat: AOL took 9y to reach 1million users, Facebook took 9months, Draw Something took 9 days!
Callback and audition on a Saturday. Bring. It. On.
LETS GO BRUINS!!!!
RT : Brown Univ has joined - a free and secure global wireless access service for the research & education community
Walked home along Lafayette tonight and saw SEVEN piles of glass from broken car windows. Stuff like this challenges my faith in
#smmbooklaunch @ Jennifer Abernethy's book launch in USA Today bldg
QoTD: "There are no shortcuts to any place worth going." (Beverly Sills)
lol imma smack her if she does =p
2 years, i'll be on #survivor, 2 years
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome. Golda Meir
The return of Wendy & Ryan spinnin' Records @ Circle A! TONIGHT- FREE! @ Circle A- 932 E. Chambers St.
The humility of it all is indescribable and that is exactly my point.
Text msg received at 2:24 AM: At his house. Smells like old, dirty man feet. Need a parachute. Please help.
Having pizza. Alway's better after you take a nappy.
Sick in bed with a cold but very cozy with my cup of tea :) Love lazy sundays ;)
Just realized Finn is missing... but we found him
you better be locked in. Hopefully I can get wifi to live tweet/ discuss the ongoing pandemonium.
JAYMEDEE!!! Cannot wait for tomorrow night. :D
comes on baby!
: Hope your having a great day.
trust me when you're makin more money it'll all be worth it.
Looking at Basketball Wives.. get it !!! :-)
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW THESE GOALS ARE NOT GOING IN. QUICK...YOU HAVE A MAGNETIC FORCE ISTG.
We're not doing a great job of blocking out. But Young did attack nicely.
I have no idea Laura. I think I was trying to reply to someone else.
Big Mystery! Neighbors in Clintonville Wis. are frightened after a serious of mystery booms shake their homes. Todd Hicks WTMJ4 Milwaukee
I still hate the term Black Friday with a passion, and I'm Thankful that I don't have to hear it until next year!
Hold that thought
welcome to yoga RT : Just done yoga for the first time
hah! I just tweeted the same question. Is Richardson worth that much more than Blackmon?
Ready for a great day of site visits in #Dallas!
#amia11 "if I lived in LA I'd be selling comic books and not starting SXSW in Austin" - Louis Black
Like to collaborize between my two History classes,too. They blog together on my sharepoint site.
didn't get the email.
oh is that right?
nobody cares :/
with that said its time to lay it down cuz i had a long day and same for tomorrow
Mfucka lyk me got bed times... All at the same tyme a mfucka lyk me break the rules lol jk im too mfn old for a bed tyme
Best Burt line EVER. To Kurt: "...and you dress like you own a magic chocolate factory."
Thanks a lot, Jen!!!
G0DeeJay let alone if I call you in the middle of the night lol
Miss you wishes hope your forever home is all it should be. Love you
Let's eat!
That is a real player and uecker didn't make that up.
Same with people that were cool in high school lol
Hopefully you are much happier now than in your teenage days! :-)
what happened?
half mast is too high, show some dang respect.
A one way ticket to unfollowing would be any #Sabres fan who wants to get Alex Semin
thing is if bobby gets fired Malzhan goes to Fayetteville... Must not be too much goin on there if he's willing to leave
MT “: #Devils & #Flyers game is the 20th OT game of 58 total games in the #NHLPlayoffs. 13/19 games won by away team."
I get to be Sarah Palin again this week! :D
#Hairspray was awesome! I love you guys & we did had an amazing performance tonight!! ❤❤
Is it Friday yet?? So ready
My theory is that if you look confident you can pull off anything, even if you have no clue what you're doing. ~ Jessica Alba
Excited to be at the #lodlam meeting co-hosted by and NYU - folks are settling in for morning of data talk.
I feel like most of the talk was critical of her piece, but then again I surround myself by a pretty insular crowd in DC
Las Vegas, good morning. and I are moving to Vegas. You have fun until we get there :)
Tonight is "Wine, Rhythm and Craft" Craft Show. The Show is open til 8:30 pm Fun way to enjoy
: when thinking mcommerce, start with Apple and Android - fastest growing smartphone use. Understand users.
I am nervous/excited - but i have
x.x
must be the one I dropped earlier... can you send it back, thanks
*That weird tongue noise* UGH I have Anderson and might not have time. I need it before his class
Time to sleep but to lazy to turn the tv off :)
everything except exquire. main attrakz is okay.
Arguments on "motion" to dis/miss are over. Judge consulting notes.
hha angel shall be warned !
I hate brunch and people that eat brunch
I have tickets to the 1st show:)
Is having a double rainbow day...
You know who probably has the biggest grin on his face right about now? Derek Fisher.
yeah i'm bad. i throw it in my bag and skim+read piecemeal, then recycle it when the new issue arrives - usually don't finish.
Pampering myself 💅👣...S/o to for always coming through with the nail colors though! 👍
Hell yes. We were born for (and will probably die in) this literary death match!
could you please follow me I LOVE U SO MUCH!! <3
RT : #Rockies are the bee's knees.
I'm up dis early
FUCKen aye man!!!!!
Need a knee brace, asap.
You will only understand why Dick Drizzle is trending if you're a Directioner!!...or watched SNL
we hit 1600! say you are a facebook friend and get 16% off your purchase this week! thank you! thank you! thank you! xo
Are you still on the Sleeve Queen? hah
Visit us at ALA Convention booth #2401 or online at www.neal-schuman.com to receive a 20% discount on all items! Use coupon code ALA10A.
you tha man!
RIP Amy Tryon. The world lost a great one.
we've reached the point in the night where french is fun, diet coke is being consumed and coltrane is playing.
“ The greatest learning for me usually happens in times of distress, pain, suffering.”
At my age the bones are water in the morning until food is given them.
It's 10am on Monday morning and #NASCAR is cranking the engines !!!!
Anyone know where I can get a copy of CharDee MacDennis? Looks like an amazing board game.
i don't wanna die mann!
Wow, what a finish for USC-Stanford! Great college football!
you're welcome lovely! Thanks for all the snaps:)
thanks bro, y'all too!!
Hi Jack. You know I love OurCity San Diego. And am ready to write for you again. Keep me posted.
JUST ME
Flexing flexing flexing oh my gawd I'm
Come on...all electric cars are a joke! It's just stupid! Greenie Liberal Crap!
I will give him the message , although there's a very slim chance he might not know how that works quite yet.
iPhone data?
good luck at the doc today Deb ;-)
This week's NCAA contests are posted! Is there a contest you'd like to play but don't see? Let us know - we'll make it!
RETWEET There's still time to get down here we march at 4pm
Check Your Head was one of the first CDs I ever bought. I'm totally bummed. RIP MCA
happy valentines day! Hope you had a good one! Oh and you like my user name?! I changed it for you! <21
what if you do..? I would go to your house when your sleeping, put you in a bag, go to a bridge&hang you from your neck:)
I got my own gig and they were like BEEP BEEP BEEP because my alarm went off
Rookie afraid of his fastball. RT #Brewers looking ugly on soft stuff down.
Get Money
Joan you're on Twitter?! How exciting! Happy Mothers Day!!
Jennifer did well. is that it though? just asking.
I ordered a few things and an hitting Target at 8 am to get the trench coat that was sold out.
Believes needs to open a beard themed casino on the Vegas Strip.
why did you take it out?
RT if u sleep
Getting some ink done today. 😄
New Orleans till 15; next shooting for 3 days on Times Square & then I'll say: That's a WRAP on Empire State! [& I'm ready 4 Spring B] 😜😉
Go football!!!!
she was airlifted to a larger hospital today and is stabilized hope to know more soon.Thx for asking & thx more for the prayers.
I love almond milk on my cereal! Not a big fan if it by itself though lol
Glenmont Shopping Center *really* needs to repaint the lines in the parking lot. They are just about gone.
And just like that **snaps fingers** becomes the most annoying tweeter in the twitterverse.
Boxing: 12 Rounds with Multiple Sclerosis
my heart not broke! But I'm going to temporarily shut it down! Can u pleas fix that!
Jermaine O'Neal's contract (23M) is higher than his SHOOTING PERCENTAGE (20.4) for the series! That's not easy to do...
Looking forward to week 3 entries in the info radiator challenge at
Next time, try blasting a bit of Beethoven at 'em! :)
I have a 2012 VW Jetta, I love it. We had 4 older cars that we traded in to get a car for me & a car for my parents.
he a thug now.
yu did not take a pic of me asleep
RT ": Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die. #teamfollowback"
Lake Bluff is offering a one bedroom, one bath condo for as low as $211,900! Offer ends 4/30/10. Hurry! 414-273-2300 www.lakebluffcondos.com
congrats Aaron! Hope you're well.
My record player may be my favorite thing in the world.
RT : That Spurs 2nd team > bottom half of the Eastern conference.
I miss you so much , RIP Abuela Teresa <3
lmao...DAMN! Is all I can say about that perfume.
we got you.
the main character is very engaging. and the story itself is gripping.
Appreciate the RT's!
Now-Valentine's Day... Mention this add, and receive 10 UV Sessions for the price of 5 - !! This is a HUGE savings, just for our followers!!
Mother's Day is Coming! Make your reservation—303-226-1555 for our amazing All-You-Can-Eat Brunch Buffett at Tavern Lowry, Tech Center,...
ONLY HAVE A FEW TICKETS LEFT TO GIVE AWAY EMAIL ME IS YOU WANT A TICKET.
How remembered my name. :')
I suspect/fear/concede that the answer to "Do we need blogs on this?" is always yes.
What about handing out ear plugs to those who want complete silence? I've seen that at academic libraries before.
Get da fuck outta here wit dat lame game duck...U get no play action frm me wit dat shit…point_.
me and is on that neck yo!!!
I Would Be The Happiest Guy On Earth If Decided To Follow Me Someday I Would Literally Cry Tears Of Joy, You Are #Amazing :)
Got some PUMPIN' in the gov mansion today yall! I think me singing MY MARIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAA makes my staff nervous
My Italian teacher: You guys are all superficial!
Yeah, it does that sometimes. Thanks though!
Booker: We have under-estimated our children"s genius
Contact us for the special #discount code at
I would do anything to be able to play the SCOOP series on Pokerstars.
There is too much work going on for this to be Spring Break.
I'm about to fall asleep any minute.
Hey CMU, are Passion Pit and still playing outside tonight? What's the deal?,
Done with training for today but got no car so kickin it old school n playing Xbox ;)
Whaat?? You should come anyway! will all be there! Isn't coming too?!
What a day in athletics for #GOLDENBULLNATION Pioneer Bowl Champions and victories for both Lady Golden Bulls and the Golden Bulls!!
Haven't you heard? I'm not qualified to work there anymore.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle A thin line between Love n Hate
DAMN YOU WHITE SOX
End #GuessAnumber! Last guesses from: And....
did you get the tickets?
Great ministry meetings this morning with some of our team members. Can't wait to see what God is going to do through them!
except u missed me.
Car shopping(: I want to be 16.
Just mixed blueberry cheesecake and baked apple pie bars in my warmer. It smells so good!!!
Right on! What a loser.
thanks Otis! Great to see you and Joni & a huge congrats to community's choice for Next Tech Titan!
Only two summer dew tour stops this year..smh:/
no nibbles!
The menu for tonight looks amazing!
": While I tweet with you - I am watching Season 4 of "Curb" What a Show.. I can't ever get enough!!!" My shit
I love they are so awesome!!
I know, not hung up on numbers but quality. Hate those who follow then unfollow. Glad for those who stay true & inspire!
Or a movement like that to help the poor, homeless, and Veitnam vets in our country. Again, think of the possibilities.
im digging the profile pic
it's pretty quiet where I'm sitting, too.
hahaha Caps...too predictable
when do u start work
ghost protocol imax worth dhamaka
Hey Jacob. You have a great sound! Enjoyed listening! - Janice
Don't move Trying to take portrait of all 6 billion of world's citizens MISSING: P Chang,S Chbihi,M Lopez,F Steiner,
Lawyers have a dangerous job in Iran.
Beware what you set your heart upon, for it surely shall be yours. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
OK, beginning to understand some of whole Python decorators - will probably use them to sandwich functions between repetitive tasks.
Adapting to ones evironment, or the demands of a situation, is essential for a successful outcome.
Not sure I'd want to try a chicken wing cupcake.
Good luck!!
` ha ha i got me a valentine (: <3
Having said that, I love Annie, Abed and Troy and they keep me watching
appreciate the mention. How are you Rod?
Excited to attend the launch tomorrow with !
Yes he is. Lol
i ate so much spaghetti someone kill me now
I just made a blog called urban poemz....submit now if u want to b heard
if there is one thing i regret is not being able to go see in hairspray... i will always regret that </3 :(
Can't stand that Front Row Amy is a mini-celebrity. Her groupies are even worse.
Jussi Parikka on A Public Philosophy for Microtemporality: Engineering Network Politics.
it's kinda bad. weve participated in t-shirtforums for years and i looked at screenprinters yesterday and its bad, real ...
If anyone is in need of one Yankee stadium ticket, let me know.
Elvis Presley and Shammi Kapoor. Same person?
“Throw up into your typewriter every morning. Clean up every noon.” ― Raymond Chandler
I'm going to fail this quiz in talas... -____-
Sorry for all of the ?s. If they are going in order of the language of the bill, Rep Johnson's amendment should go today
Been designing like a madman of late but it seems that I have hit a media wall. I need to master other design tools to present my ideas...
They thought that would help him more than paxil. Yes he is back to normal. I aint gonna let them do that again. It was scary. hehe
Writing speech for press conference on Mon. re: new allergy-related school legislature. Stay tuned! Could be great news for #foodallergy!
Need sleep. #Mondays blow
Be happy ... that's your assignment today.
San Carlos Area Council News
what about Boston Rob talking somebody else into not eating the meat, taking the penalty and staying in??
welcome to KC. Glory Man Utd!!
Thanks Adam!
I loved seeing you were part of the Eric Carle party too!!!!
Just had someone knock on my door to try to explain why god has punished us with earthquakes and tsunamis...oy
Wait, what? RT I just ousted as the mayor of on !
Things will be better tomorrow! Computers have a mind of their own!! Hope 2 see u soon!
lately, I've been hard to reach.
Hey! I have the camper too! haha
thanks for this!
his lack of a chin is very distressing
i will watch tonight!!
Watching #TheVoice don't like this whole coach saving thing.
I couldn't I was doing jury duty .-.
#BostonGirls don't care about cobblestone and snow, we got these heels on Newbury St, Bitch!
just kidding
We've gone from no one watching the Knicks to Twitter play by play. Well done Donnie Walsh.
A plan is a list of things that never happen.
I'll continue to live my life this way: "We don't stop playing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop playing."-George B. Shaw
Love Maslow and Herzberg - my idols.
dress normal so that on tuesday VALENTINES DAY you can get all spiffyd up lol
how are u and lil chunky butt!!!
HA! RT When I take a poll 2 get on wifi at the airport I'm suddenly an 18-24 yr old female w/ a PhD in the market to buy a laptop.
Gr8 day learning more about Dian Fossey #Gorilla Fund w 2 key folks Clare Richardson and Dr. Tara Stoinski: impressive work!
you have to get me dolled up now.lol
alright when I get a moment will do, and ill send out you out my next update
Not trying to impress you or anything but... I shower naked ;)
exciting panel art history and digital humanities
I'm VERY willing to bet that Russell Wilson becomes better pro than BO... and was a better value too.
Have good Spring Break, kiddos. After break it's a race to the finish. Over break keep your eye on the Sup. Ct and also the GOP primaries!
Thanks for the RT!
Lawyers need to see the possibility of selling legal services ethically. Selling is persuasion, persistence, competitiviness, organization
Thanks, friends at for sharing poetry bookmarks at the museum and celebrating local kids through their poems. You rock!...
haha nice! That's awesome. Maybe I'll get a dog and name it Drama. Or turtle? Dunno yet I'll think of something.
i am and always will be an awkward soul.
Sad if it is!!
One month from today #sasf11 will be over-red-rover. Just four ports to go!
"Whats love got to do with it? I get a lil taste then Im through with it, then i send her right back to you wit it."
Big show tomorrow at the BACKBOOTH in orlando! Doors at 8pm. 5 dollar admission! Lets do it big!
hanging out at the 'Safe...nice. I'd be careful about the dude on the left-jk BGoode is a cool cat.
Wishing I was back in Ottawa this week; we have cold temps, but no snow in DC
Tweeties I have a question : how do u know if the mixed signals ur getting means they not sure or on bullshit????
Good foul. Henson.
That awkward moment when you get an alert that your laptop is gonna die and you run as fast as possible to get your charger.
How you gunna pull me down if you can't reach me.
Some shit on my mind I think too much, the future the past and such.
I miss my girlfriend
Funny too, that we associate noodles with Italy and rice with Japan.
The same.
Smart, slinky, seriously seductive... I love snakes. Come to think of it, so did that oh-so-original sinner.
- just finished up listening to the A-Team theme song. I feel that I can conquer anything now.
I'm not black, I am my own race!!!!!
are you on crack?
I get that the web is dynamic, but so many sites I use have redesigned lately that I feel like I have to relearn too many at once
LeBron drives me nuts but you have to respect the performance last night vs the Nets. Now if he can only channel that into the playoffs.
well here's the new feud!!!
your book while on vacation......loved it!
stereo hearts are for people who can't appreciate the deafening sound of silence.
working on projects before grad school starts back up in a week.
Remember when I said that I didn't want to be attached after that night? Well I lied. Now, I feel like an idiot.
I wonder if the years have made me any stronger ... or if I'm just better at indulging my weaknesses
Reading "Onward" by the CEO of Starbucks - really interesting book! They put so much thought into their brand. I wish everyone did.
We talked about you...and your ability to walk and chew gum at the same time.
the tea party right wing ideology has destroyed the GOP. Perhaps Romney or a Reagan moderate would have otherwise stood a chance.
#contests coming up win #free #art #vacations in
Time for a hair cut
Dance is an art, paint your dream and follow it. - Steven Thompson
I got this drink in my cup
When you cuddle me first.
Nawl Im Not u Never hit up : ))
Oh c'mon, I'm witty! But not if you put me on the spot . RT “: I miss your alter ego. He was witty. Be wittier. Love you!”
I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices.Pls pledge w us. Pls RT.
What to do on a Friday night? Hm... Let's take a look at www.shastic.com #events! have you posted yours?
Won't get a seat at that table no matter RT if they get this playoff thing in place, can we just revert back to an 8 team MWC?
says Oh no, not another learning experience!
BREAKING: 2 students shot at #Chardon H.S. this morning in critical condition. 1 other died.
˝it's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see."
Yeah, go follow gofuckingnuts, his images are AMAZING even if he took them from other people ;p
#Brookline Apartments are renting quick but the pricing isn't bad. Just rented a Babcock Street 1 bed for $1450 with Heat included.
Just got busted on one of those times when I think I'm being funny but I'm really being as asshole. Happy Monday!
My mom is so annoying...
Laser tag facility re-opening; Signs of an improving economy - SCNow
Let's just say I hurt my back. It involved a chair & sitting in it. Lol. (My back is NUMB!) x
-- Thank you so much for joining us today at our Hamilton Co Leadership Luncheon.
Definitely in spirit!
Writing my first creative brief in a while. Forgot how fun it is to be on the client side instead of the creative.
TONIGHT on SINGLE CHEF - Mom's Swedish Meatballs. I'm using Mom's quick & tasty recipe & going Vegetarian for a change! www.theroomlive.com
I painted my nails with Lincoln Park After Dark and thought of you... Love this color!
Happy feeling of heading to lunch with empty inboxes. Dreading returning from lunch to full inboxes.
I got a professionally designed workout plan for New Year's! Time to put that gym membership to good use.
Then your title is simple, "HBIC, Chief Ninja".
bro that convo we had earlier had me thinkin. Were gonna make it. Lets have fun. Do what we do. And forget haterz.. #wing$up!
oh ok.
I swear I'm not avoiding you on purpose (this time)
BigBrother Amplified is officially over, what else is there to watch?, Discovery Channel!
Got to love those people profiting from Swine already!
please don't forget journals! LOL!
you can never go wrong with great BBQ!
True enough. Bldg a portal & wondering abt what users prefer--browse site list? search box?(prob. combo of both)
"Turbulence is inevitable, but misery is optional" - Howard Putnam
150!? Oh dear I better get going on my training! It will be my frist marathon!
I hate my brothers friends. It's not even funny.
Why is it cold?! It's May!!!
What a dummy
Tavern on the Hill? What time?!!? i kind of want to start early but i'll be out all night
Apple store replacement iPhone has caused me to loose all my contacts... they are suppose to be on my icloud, but they aren't.
Hey, you do digital comma for the foreign office? I used to do the same at the State Dept. Did you work with Stephen Hale?
Karma is a bitch now isn't it? #WellThatIsWhatYouAlwaysSaidIsntIt?
"Do they have McDonald's in Africa?"
Wow my mom just disowned me..i gotta find somewhere to live... :/
not much, just watching t.v. Wbu luv? :)
true true, I think I just made the same noise you did when I ripped through it haha
I aint part of your SYSTEM!!!!!!
I miss being 21 :(
I have never experienced an immediate need for the Wall Street Journal.
we miss keith ;-)
whoops. they said new guy and I assumed it was you. my mistake.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
So i def asked someone special on a date tonight. Sorry i fell for mr. Wonderful...
wait, was is this??
On this beautiful day I get to go work on my day off. This better be worth it!
I just almost got run over by a man in an electric scooter. I hate the fucking holidays!
What tech products and gadgets keep you running? What can't you (or don't want to) live without?
Wondering... Any chance we ever see a Portland Timbers Womens team?
- w/ all due respect Latinos need brain surgery if they are going to support him again.
Cuddling with my little Khloe dog :)
Lob city 3 more points what a games crazy
didn't u tell me u over fed them or something?
Why the yucky weather....yuck! Lol! :)
ooh, that brioche looks amazing!
Great seeing you @ #AllNatural w/ !!!
where are we partying this year for Sema?
Sometimes I feel like falling </3 is my only option
im well mis u when we fina partty
How come Chris Anderson isn't a thing anymore?
<---Singing with Prince "Do Me Baby!" ~ok it's off key
"Pookie Obama," every family has one! Coming this spring.
“: Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL. Excuse me, while I go walk into oncoming traffic.” gotta be fucking kidding me.
Love you
I am that. You are that. We are that. That is us.
Tell your friends about DeadPro!
is sad to hear of the passing of Levon Helm. I guess the load is off him.
That makes sense that it doesn't make sense.
What's happening at the Capitol? Find out on
On thaa Phone w/ my Niqqa C-Rod !
Last Call For Rum and Cock
RT "I would carry some cat toys in a #JasonWuforTarget #Milu tote."
tbs announcer just used your line: these aren't your parents
Yikes! RT : Perhaps the most interesting of the political posters created by Coronado students and displayed at the
Can't seem to shake this cold.
Almost every story I'm putting in this morning's roundup is making me WTF.
she's not a classy one, our truck. I don't think I approve.
Sadly I'm afraid this will be the closest Zachary Levi will ever come to the Oscars.
#TebowTime is taking his talents to New York lol Who knew Peyton would have this effect in the #NFL WOW!!!
Put bacon in shape of dinosaw.
Last night I layed in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Bank loans quite often require a closing fee which is a percentage of the approved credit amount which adds to your cost of cash
I'll check it in windows when I get to #refreshdetroit mtg tonight.
Thank you! RT : Oh shit my boy is on KissFm #sick song!! ... Check out Apache Chief on iTunes
hey ur icon's cute (:
Every week I tell myself I'm going to make it to #fridaycoffeeclub. Maybe next week?
I've already been punched and slapped all before noon.
Thanks for the follow, Matt! Greatly appreciated!
bhaha your tweets are fuckin stupid. just stop
Hi Avril business is good!!!"
yeah..but it seems that im the only one that ever cared about r friendship and they just move on like it was nothing.
Excited for mimosas + brunch tomorrow w/ !
Osiyo! (Hello in the Cherokee language) Happy Native American month!
Its Bieber(:
This years Valentine's Day seemed more hurtful then the others ._.
Worst thing about MW3? All these fags running around with the striker.. I dont know why dont they fix it just like they did with model 1887
You can't have them because you don't want them.
I had to go an hour without my phone cos Luis locked it -__-
Are you surprised?
Working on the set of "Awake" all night. It's chilly but the cast is great & the director us awesome! Gotta love these days!
is the man. Like. actually. The man.
Gloomy, rainy Mondays just aren't fair! I just wanna climb back into bed!
bro problems I'm not a piece of shit so u can stop
Not yet! I am getting in like a few hours!
Kobe's always gonna be #1 so what's ur pt? And why R U so hostile all of a sudden? LOL
thank you :')
Thanks to all who rocked it with us Saturday! Next show is 12/5 at the Carriage House in Louisville (Lewisville) OH!
Isn't it wonderful? RT : Another blue sky day in #pdx!
Sexual fantasies are healthy, occurring most often in people showing the fewest sexual problems and least sexual dissatisfaction. (Leiten...
Century 21 was huge disappointment.
fascinating. I go to many schools with my magic show. Lunch ladies don't need a knife to serve meals.
Panel 2 Technical Architectures of Censorship: (, mod)
Thinking about planting some roses. Not sure if I can keep them alive.
I'm so consistent with my 0 followers
I'm going to Utah! Lololol lame but whatevs I'll be with my sissy poo
Waiting for ! ;)
Break legs and hearts, Lenny.
I am w/ u on that. Donners will always have a special place in my heart. Teaming up w/ Fitz or S. Rice in '11 could be awesome.
How's Tiger playing? Course sets up well for him.
I'm going to pass tomorrow no lie .
I didn't get tickets. #heartbroken please at least follow? :)
#oerseries we see it!
We need some experiences asap
Congrats Envida Co-founder Ms Alana Millstein 4 being featured in the new #book UPSTARTS: How GenY #Entrepreneurs r Rocking the World
At work ready to get off and get high ahahahah smoke gang
Wisconsin state elections board orders recall of Gov. Scott Walker #wisrecall, #wirecall, #walker,
RT : If I eat too many cookies but then immediately go to sleep, did it even happen?
No more drama for the week 🙅
Hell with the money... We wanna be heard...
It's not fair.
Farsi translator is on the other side.
RT : he's a great fighter!! <~ I agree!
in better times they funded a trip to the theater for my stdts. Appropriate. Now, not so sure. Hope they don't get co-opted.
.: To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. ~ Muhammad Ali
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
Presenting on Memento aggregation test project with some #iipc12 members.
It's all a joke.
Every since I joined twitter. I've been tweeting but nothing ever happens. I'm starting to hate my luck :'[
That hurts.
a passenger said conductors can sell available roomettes - is it true? I need one for return -not having luck online
Savings Tip - Put a Bottle in your Flush
hells yeah. mick rocks!!!! gotta hit that me again!
NO! You're f-ing kidding me!! I hadn't heard that yet! In believable!!
3D or regular? Either way, enjoy it!
Im eating breakfast in bed. Gonna be hella lazy today . I deserve it. Lol
Why so sensitive? WOMP RT : WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN WE MADE YOU FAMOUS
Welcome Katherine, Kent, Anna and Carrie!
The Christmas trees are finally put up. I can now begin homework.
MLM System? Can You Really Build Your Network Marketing Business On Auto Pilot?
Does anyone watch 7 days of Sex? What an interesting premise....
I like gun ranges and wine. Lets do this!
Any idea when your location in the Queens Center Mall will open?
Im on chapter 7!!:)
just crazy ppl
Thanks for following, Sarah!
homework life !
At the dentist hope it don't take all day .
Man so bored man what to do it's 3 am and night any ideas !!!????
Home Instead Senior Care of Wichita, Kansas is offering a unique approach to help Wichita area families manage the challenges of Alzheimer’…
Ah. Crap. I got her username wrong... Its @/OurBabyDemetria
I swear Next To You By Chris Brown and Justin Bieber ! Oh my gosh. Thats a Pretty Song ! It almost looked like a Movie (: !
you should check us out too! We hail from Nashville too!
thanks bro! I'm hoping to make it to TX soon!!
Why did they kick out the crazy 76ers Sixth Man fan sitting down from the Celtics bench? Was be being obnoxious?
Jean Paul Gaultier >
join us from 3:11 - 3:21 for a silent meditation for global coherence at 11:11 (gmt) on 11/11/11 near the steps of city hall.
You may set out up to 2 furniture items per week for trash collection.
At the Pyle Center, listening to Bud Selig
Ask for refferals, Consult AMSA, Do your homework, Get and compare estimates, Do more homework, and Make your choice!
Looking back at my teenage years, how the fuck did u walk away with no major tickets?
everything luxury
Playing blackops with my bff skylar....listening to jb boyfriend.....luv ya
Don't take it personal. The song, not you.
you've got the looks I've got the camera. Lets find a MU artist & make it happen
caught one of your first stories at 5. Welcome to Milwaukee!!
that's what she said
Starships were meant to fly♥
aw. I'll give you the response you're looking for
DO NOT LET THESE NUGGETS OFF THE HOOK. DON'T GIVE G.K. A PASS. WE ARE THE CUSTOMERS AND WE WANT MORE.
1 day before christmas, . . . . ! Angel we have heard on high !
Wow. Thunder *and* lightning. Color me oh so...kinda bored.
Things are good - the shelter is crazy but all good. Hope we can catch up soon. Did u get the present from the Teen Group? :)
thanks. I had forgotten about MakeGenericType. That saved me.
Watching Sweeney Todd
nice. We went to Anderson for a while and then accident on the turnpike but all good now
I wanna see when your finished RT I think ima do purple glitter lips today
Switching from the #WVU game to the #Cavs game!! Damn you Ohio!
do you ever go to the varsity club??
Tutoring soon
When did Bobby Valentine's hair turn orange? #thatisjustweird mt
I know i've said it time and time agian, but I love what i do
"Create movements not projects" Wm. Beshears #fundforteachers Fellow & teacher @ Manuel Salinas Creative Arts Elem in San Bernadino City USD
Welcome to the Plato's team! Which location did you join!?
My TNT movie "Hide" will re air Today @ noon on TNT. Stay tuned for Speedreel of my choice scenes. Real surprise in store!
What are the top three most important performance indicators of this director that you want to see happening a year from now?
Yep you can have a bundle on the house lol! What time is it where you are?
is so adorable ^_^ OMG
ouch, that happened to me last year hope you get better. The bruises take forever to go away haha.
How To Increase Conversions On Dental Websites: IDA&#39;s Dental Marketing Portals Turn Leads Into Appointments
I definitely just fell in love. #😍
had a great time with my friends today! steven so cute haha :D can't wait to see him on friday! :)
yo what it do cuz lol how u been? I miss u g
Okay then i will lol
are undeniable
second. Let's get lunch finals week!!!
I wish Chick Fil A served breakfast all day long.
Sure girly, which one do you need? I already have all my letters so make me a heart or something haha :)
RT “I believe that it's better to be looked over than it is to be overlooked.”—Mae West
Special Flavor- April Fool. Don’t be a fool get yours today! A wonderful vanilla, orange tangy combo gelato.
Nice to see Pacers finally get some love on espn. Glad they realized Pacers have 5th best record & put as #2 top play today!
just finished my english paper... dont forget it's due tomorrow and
it's str8
Great, I've been replaced by a photo contest with a top prize of movie tickets.
followed back :)
5th Annual Pudding Wrestling!! Sept. 25th at Moct. LADIES: winner takes 50% of the door so bring your friends! GUYS: girls in pudding, duh!
perfect, no? LOL
Once again, the #Packers have to keep picking up guys on defense. They have 7 picks in day 3...keep going Ted!
It's "BRING A FRIEND" Week here at Wild Workouts & Wellness! May 7-12, bring a friend with you to class...for FREE!
I hope the PDF viewing has been improved. That's the main reason I put my 2G (RIP) Kindle away. No way to resize PDF text.
trying to see drake in June
lololol hahahahah mummy so angry , cuz i make her spend so much money at face shop ytd . :b
U Think Ur Slick Don't U. I Ain't Stupid Hoe.
Have fun tonight at Extreme Rules!
Well the Pats just opened a can of whoop ass after being hit on the chin early on. Congrats to Brady for 300 career TD passes...and counting
What a long day. Ah, ready to take a nap.
Sully , Buford and Thomas will be back next year!! With our INCREDIBLE new recruits Scott and Williams - ITS ON!
Bye bye Miami in 13 Days :)
My wife just got her first secret-shopper scam check in the mail. She's growing up so fast!
The production, I Gotcha runs May 20-30. Rehearsals begin April 19.
do u have a fan mail?
knock em out Chef!
Follow my friend - RT: A New Creation For as he thinks in his heart, so is he. -Proverbs 23:7
what kind of infection are we talking about? Do you know which bug it was?
One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you.
Please stop with the frosted mugs. If your cooler is set to the correct temperature, there is no need. Plus it makes my glass slippery.
To all parents: Even though schools are closed, the staff decided to still host the after school program at their normal hours!
: yea haha cole sent me his too
I just landed here too.
Loving/hating DRM horror stories! 1984/kindle
SPARTAN GYROS is now open!!!
I'll DM you. Just be careful with that cat door.
Nice work on both '1st' and 'Numbers' today; tell Skip and Smith that their opinions are not facts. It's an annoying habit.
OMG looks like he was very hungry :P
At fiddler's green with waiting for !!
Hey #cuse your fans aren't ready for the season to be over. Let's go!!
yeah well we still have #2, that's good enough for me.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye
My love is a complicated butterfly. Only an experienced lepidopterist can catch me in his net. Thanks to
Two Boots pizza is coming to DTLA!
Well I always am, but it's not raining there either.
ENKG... A MONSTER. LOAD UP PEOPLE!!! NEXT LEG ON ITS WAY!!!
<3 You more!
We will be at the #NRASHOW on #cincodemayo 4571 with see you all soon.
Thank you!!!! RT : Just picked up my #afanlv12 packet and t-shirt. Super excited for Sunday!!!!
New deli guy: "Why is that girl always yelling? : "Who? ? No. She's not yelling. That's just how she talks."
Hello, Portland! Quick question from the guy from CA: why do all your trees look weird? All different colors and stuff...
(Ahmed, again) ... does she expose the bad feeling that get hidden, displaced, or negated under public signs of joy?
I'm so mad!! Well just slightly angry
Sometimes I'm amazed at how much stupidity can be conveyed in 140 characters.
Lol Oh the sarcasm, although then we could hang out all the time
I bet stupid Suzie opened her mouth and said something to Tammi smh
I do but the school is a really good chool plus my crush is going there
so excited!
"We as Italians are food drinkers" -- Davide Sada
if it was a free for all yes but they are picky and its not skating skill that gets you on the team
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! Why were you inspired to become a teacher?
My Crazy Obsession is ? Hmm , I think it's called Dedication :>
good point. Smith surprised me with his clutch play down the stretch.
I will unite with you this summer once more.
That wasn't even an NBA continuation in the MSU-Lehigh game. Absolutely brutal call.....
I can't blame ya for thinking so.. 'The ABBA Experience' {IS} pretty darn scarifying!..
sit your ass there mike smith
Who won? I had to leave at half and couldn't watch.
: I'm good! Finishing up my last year of school in Chicago :)
Last night = success
im 6 foot bro
Sometimes it takes a bad night out to help you appreciate the good ones
I can't remember the last time I bought something there. I just don't trust their sales staff...
To all my new followers god bless and goodnight. Bears still suck!
i need to take pictures..
RT IF YOU WANT A FOLLOWBACK.
Construction Insurance - We can offer our clients the coverage that satisfies the most demanding contracts.
Thanks so much Richard. I'm glad to RT/share any time - just send me info. :) Happy Friday
So much gluttony today - need a full week of good CG work outs!!
Enjoy our Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast - Including Fresh Belgian Waffles, Biscuits and Gravy, Hard Boiled Eggs and more.
Anyone taking advantage of the Google Play deals? Picked up the Drake album for $0.25!!!
& here comes my moment of dread. Fear is only temporary, my future is bright, there is more 2 life than this & this 2 shall pass
Rats Are Rats...
Thank you for the follow! #Energy impacts us all - let's save together.
Yes! Go Chesska!
I can't make it to the conf. If anyone needs a ticket and is deserving, mine is up for grabs.
- Thanks for the RT ... Really a great article! We <3 you here in "Glitzburgh!" 😄
SOS FROM SUBURBIA: Paula is NBF of my closet and me
did you mean to favorite that?
Get her a pair in Green size 6! ;D Are sales good?!
Some fing loser interrupted my cardio!! Pretending he couldn't get in so I had to open the door!!! He wasn't even in workout attire!!
Happy birthday, John. You were taken from us much too soon.
you're such an inspiration Xx
I've only been using it for one day, but so far my connections are similar to LI plus some younger people that aren't on LI.
Hahahahaha I get it. :)
Home talent game with muh girls then season finale of Grays<3
The best things in life are unseen, thats why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream. ~unknown
#ImTheTypeOfPerson who loves to listen to
And a huge thanks to for being awesome hosts! And for doing a drawing for a $75 giftcard--nice! Such an inviting place.
work at a go karts place lol its in like a restaurant And that's cool! Already better than my plans haha
stat needs to crawl into a hole n never come back. Arod deserves must of the shit he gets. Jeter has a lifetime pass
DO NOT FORGET THIS SATURDAY BEFORE THE DANCE STARTS (830PM SHARP) POTLUCK PICNIC HAPPENING =) BRING FOOD FOR U N A FRIEND =D
I hate the word shebang.
working on some xmas mixes...need some custom mixes? contact me @
Jim Downs talks about epidemic disease, burial, and conflicts of authority over Reconstruction in the postbellum American South.
#Fact: anyone who decides to hang out with me today will be given a freshly baked cupcake…anyone?
i'm listening! haha.
alright bro ..
Immediate doubles on Bynum, it appears.
You know what show I wish they'd make new episodes of? Parole Board
It's not about blaming the descendants, it's about learning from the past to make a better future.
Follow us as we prepare for Round 2 of Chase Community Giving Campaign starting May19th!
#metro / best conference logo ever!!!
blah blah blah. Idc I tan all year round. I hate outside. It takes longer lmao
“: Women who are prone to migraines tend to have a higher sex drive than those who are not.”
...the leader inspires enthusiasm. The boss says I; The leader says WE. The boss fixes the blame for the breakdown; the leader fixes...
is wearing her new winter boots (and pajamas) around the house.
use it in a sentence; e.g.: "I hope nobody gets murdered at the village fête this year."
what up yo?! Long time no see
go to boogie burger
#TRIVIA: Who caught Aaron’s first 2011 regular-season TD pass? How about #2?
Keep your poker face on...some people wait for a crack in your armor....
some crow is kidnapping baby birds and killing them on my roof there's literally over 20 dead/dying baby birds and Frankie said
Ana pulled over on Blewett because her mom's minivan was acting funny. Within minutes, the whole van was engulfed in flames.
The greatest feeling in the world is to be around someone who wants to hold you, to kiss your forehead, and to be around you.
not a mariners fan
Lol i was going to look for you :p
My love and thoughts go out to the people of Congo today. May this be a day toward peace.
can't we laugh about it, ha ha ha ' it's not worth our time .
just saw a news story about MJC demonstrations. Looked for you. You must've been studying in the library.
Looking the for hottest stylist and barbers in the A, dm me if you got the skills.....
Some call me Chris other call me Big Chris I call myself #Dashing yea
These cupcakes taste like shit. What a waste of dollar.
Bout to get my Benz washed!!
How is your day going? If you have something to vent, we are all ears...
Good Morning folks! Happy Friday :)
Hahaha! That made me laugh!
hey, is austin releasing an album on june 5th ?
Our signature #coats are made from Alpaca & they define #luxury for the #holiday season. Check out our blog at builtforman.com!
Liking your own status on Facebook should be illegal
He's back now. No worries. ;)
Whitey Bulger just appeared in court. Waived right to hearing about transfer back to Mass. Coverage right now on
whats good babe!love ya boo!
I was at the mall once &I walked in& though they changed the designs & the toilets & when I walked out It said "Men's" lol
It's my half birthday! And since it's legal to drink in portugal, should I just practice for the real thing?
MT : CelticsSixers looks like every single Celtics basketball game.
Neither is shark photography RT : If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
<-------THIS GUY #Rappersbetterthansouljaboy ....In a fucking landslide
Great idea! I would watch! Especially for Bachelorette seasons. I am sure it is a frat house at night
i love that place(:
MVP Offering discount rates to stay @ Planet Hollywood in Vegas for Jan.29th 2 or 3 nights During MMA EVENT visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com
Do you have some "snowy" scenes around the Old Pueblo? Share them with us...
Breakfast of champions: mocha chocolate chip cookies dipped in coffee!
So proud of our TR volunteers. They caught a client in an emotional tailspin and were able to intervene in time.
idk. Cornell gave me my grades. And was talking to me. I was there for less than 5min.
I'm missing that session. Tweet a lot please.
Have any idea when you'll be in Baltimore again?
Great Day, two uses called me personally to thank us for helping them find jobs!
It's not over til the fat market share sings...
Working the & #event tomorrow morning. Can't wait to meet & take the pledge for a healthier life!
*I dont pay my child support but #IgotThemJsTho*
Hella working super hard!!!
who is your agent or rep for tv projects?
God morning
that was so cool , watching and his friend layla . . am gina :) and thank you for sharing a good time with all 17 of us :)<3
The whole world could be against me, but I still can't lose with Jesus! All I do is win
Just realized that on ur Believe signing video,those 1st 2 girls in line went 2 my Hi school.Had no idea they r loyals,go figure
Can't wait til I finish my degree. I'm goin in to video editing fo sho.
No Phone
#kik me im so bored liaxxreyes
Were this my post, it would read mixtapes and they'd actually be tapes....cassettes LOL
this kid that i meet while talking to kelsey at 1:30 in the morning on skype is creeping on my fb. should i be concerned??
Getting together w/ in a few wks to discuss song ideas,etc, like last time when we wrote Not Fragile & Counting
Day 2 of B-Cleanse. So far so good. But then again, it's only day 2! :)
Don't ask me if my rooms clean if you ain't gonna clean it
What you call dog with no legs? Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
#PISCES is the most compassionate of the Water Signs. They are also the most intuitive and self-sacrificing of the zodiac.
Good morning everyone!!!
Stuck in this math tutor room until Fiona is done. Someone text me puhlease.
Now THAT was funny! Best wishes to you in 2011.
Vanguard (irvine,ca.) and Mt. State (w. Virgina) are going at it. Great Game. Mt. State is bigger then most D-1 teams
ok so. 1, possibly 2 new mixtapes coming early 2012. thats all im gonna say for now
wow maple grove actually has a cool resturaunt everyone is raving about? thats new...another thing i can add to my list of annoyance
Thanks Had to spend my Sun. filling out yet another lost bag reimbursement form b/c you lost the first one I submitted.
Heard this morning in the bank & it made me kick off my shoes & walk around barefoot all day. Damn hippie propaganda.
you already have the best alex(:
1. Compared to #MLA12, #Sibos is much more diverse with true global representation. Bigger travel budgets in banking, I gather.
omg are amazing & their grilled cheese sandwiches are my fave after bar food!!
That's a no brainer. YES. Get tickets. Take Friday off. Thursday problem solved. Bon Iver is great and Red Rocks is even better.
Cris Carter vs Skip Bayless made my morning awesome
SOE Software would like to wish all the counties of the U.S. a very happy National County Government Month!
"We are the team that serve love with smiles and dare to grow"
The shit my head hurts .
Hey, have you heard from ?
now i know where to come for speech fyis! Love it!
RT : When you pee, a small amount of urine enters your mouth through the saliva glands.
welcome to the club! I got mine a few months ago & learn a new trick everyday. Don't know how I was living without it before :)
"You will witness fabulous imagery and a very interesting man..." -Dr. Joy Browne on Visual Acoustics
Thanks for the link! I'm spreading the word as best I can. Probably going to order some of the 2012 Brochure
A good date ends with dinner. A great date ends with breakfast.
How to make Aegean Art Captivating...
Are your telemarketer's fingers falling off? Automate calling with a hosted predictive dialer from www.magnalogix.com! Start @ 150/month
If Miami doesn't blow a team out...this is the product displayed
Edvard Munch's The Scream sells for $107 million! Hasn't it been stolen several times before?
so are you picking me up or what?
RT : The new Humble Indie Bundle is out, and it has Botanicula! Get it! Go!
This was a unexpected txt I'm speechless
that's the best gingerbread anything we've ever seen! If only it had a matching Snow Speeder...
In case you didn't know, episode 8 is up on our site. Check it out!
give me a call. How can I get the Ike's for those pics ? I have some compensation for you too.
Woow the colts actually won today!
The foolish and the dead never change their opinions.What should I change my opinion about. NOW? Do tell? So So Tired of this stuff.
last day of lectures of my first year of med school!!! 4 exams until summer =)
That awkward moment when you tweet something with a typo and it gets a lot of #RT's
Im bored.
yeah and he would totally assimilate perfectly with my friends
Mark Bartolomeo: Verizon is teaming with innovators on new mobile apps. Coke making more $ on ads on vending machines than can sales.
just got in from work I'm not watching the heat I'm a BULLS fan But u cool
Rumor: #KimIlJong heard #TimTebow lost and it KILLED HIM. ...Too soon?
I would flip over backwards if Hightower fell to us in the second. He is the type of LB that seems to fall every yr
If Jordan can come out of retirement, why not my Jean Jacket? Also, why the f*ck did I go to the UPS store on 10/19/05???
Scale offers ability to 1) generate lots of useful data and 2) raise capital to improve and evolve the product. Other?
cool you are unique and one of a kind. People should treat you special.you are a saint
I have been inspired to GO SOLAR!! I will spread the word to increase the importance of renewable energy.
Will play a few events early in the series...
theo (2 yr old) loves both those things, so i am confident it will be good
So glad you enjoyed! Thanks for the tweet.
The naked cowboy is still around??? It's been like 10 years
i think i just woke up with homeward bound's theme song stuck in my head....idk how to feel about this....
Not sure how i feel about that horse's name...
I love Jack White.
First day of principal photography in PARA OLIVIA
Glad to help.
It's at times like these that I smile so hard and realize the joy of having you as a friend . (:
lmao we mean late night basketball at LA. I'm down to hoop against your AAU team too; it's fun.
my grandfather used to call me sponsdon. Don't know what it means and never will I guess
A problem for the other teams! #RipCity #lickitybrindle RT I promise that 3ball will fall and when it does....
Try , , , or Enjoy your stay in #SanDiego!
I walked right in and right out with my free cup of coffee! (Downtown Starbucks)
Just took some awesome family pics with my boys. Geez they make me look good!
ohh lols nice pic ;D and i sent u a friend request lol
Thanks for the follow, love, hope you dig the tunes!
Liking paying for my coffee and tracking card balance with the Starbucks app. Hoping other retailers take the cue.
I told her When I went to school Bitch! Money wasn't the subject
- I bought it first on CD but loved a lot of those songs - Joe Walsh, Buffett, Boingo, Hagar, Squier... :)
Mayday Parade > any other band
HistoryMiami, 101 W Flagler St in DWNTWN Miami, free parking at Cultural Center Garage.
Women decides to post picture of her butt on Facebook. Cool. More at 11.
yum yum!!! I do love mad mex! How was it?
nothing really. Greg is still in college./:
Chicago! for sure you better be there!
Things happened
agreed...I see it all the time too
This dudes motto freestyle >>>
gotchuuu its for me n chris
great to catch up this week, outreach and marketing are about to get MUCH more interesting!
Alright, let's make some damn money.
#thatawkwardmoment when 50cent's party like its your birthday comes on and you sing ALL the words!
hi Shelley
Zessler: have students build artifacts that are of value in their own learning, and that of future students. Webquests, digital storytelling
girls night ❤
YES TOTALLY!
You might be right about that! Too much caution too often. So glad this happened.
your bf is climbing the tree!!
Watching Grease, early Travolta is so great because he is totally unafraid of his pelvis.
it's me!
The vinyl mastering for the new EP is complete... One step closer...
You gotta get up to get down.
I think the coffee stopped working...
Its alright, your ready for the night of your life stars will shine so bright
I ain't tha one working neither stupid
Great night at the homecoming game. Even tho I dnt go with a guy but I dnt need a guy to make me happy. I just love my life<3
This outstanding weather is making want to get out and pollinate.
We'll try Kitchen Stories tonight.
for science we did spiritual studies/science documentary: God of Wonders- on the netflix
Hug your Pooh Bear! In 1882 today, A. A. Milne was born. He is the author of the famous Winnie the Pooh.
Nausea has turned into motivation. Must be all that B-Complex.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. ~Oscar Wilde
Finalizing music lineup for our Festival on July 28th- it's gonna be ah-may-zing!
calm down lady!! :)
They're all great. San Diego would be lucky to have any of them as mayor #sdmayor12RT : Who should I root for?
He'll be at it again, soon.
I didn't. He gave up. There are 2 less coins in the world. :(
haha, I love the spongebob movie too! ;) follow me??:)
What was the name of the multimedia resume builder before # visualize.me came along? anyone?
I hear they are underpaid and overworked but get free Fanta for lunch.
Looking for a volunteer to do a fun, but challenging, Photoshop project that is well out of my abilities. Anybody?
Sometimes taking a shower sounds like such a task
A for effort?
how bout dem blazers, bro!!??
"Everything ends badly, otherwise it wouldn't end." - Tom Cruise
Simply the best. I hope your little dudes enjoy the new home base though this summer!
thank you for caring (': “: “: whats wrong with me?” nothing. You're perfect the way you are babe.”
SECCA will be rockin' to the tunes of DJ Marley Carroll on April 27 during the opening of 2 new exhibitions! Starts at 7 pm. FREE
I'll be your ginger
Is is bad to obsessively check the score of the Bruins Caps game during prom picture party....
hey thanks for the heads up!
Baseball and Mad Men are back! This is gonna be a great month!
gurrl you know
that's actually a good idea
have time for a coffee this morning? I've got 9:30 to 11:30 open in MKE
"A rustle in the wind reminds us a fairy is near."
Hi Jimmy, we did karaoke last night and thought of you!!! hehehe
RT : I Restart The Song When I Miss My Favorite Part
Good morning, Cynthia? What did you have for breakfast? :-)
Refs gave Letang's broken stick to the Flyers bench, so #Flyers got a good look at his curve to keep in the back of their minds.
Then some pick up games at linfield.
We have to help each other out!
Like really ppl make a big deal over J's. I never understood wat the fuss was about u rocking the same shit a million other ppl wear
Thank you for following, !
What's it about?
dude I love her omg. BITCHES AIN'T SHIT AND THEY AIN'T SAY NOTHIN. A HUNDRED MOTHAFUCKAS CAN'T TELL ME NOTHING.
Let's play a #raindelaygame...If they didn't play ball, what would they do? Hafner would be a bouncer tossing Kipnis out. Your turn.
eh. i lived through '64 phillies. i'm inured to suffering. good thing to be cauterized as a pup.
And Rihanna, my good sir, has no purpose.
Two beauty shoots this weekend! Yay!
PACKERS, WHERE R UR HEADS TODAY? WHERE IS THE FOCUS? SMH!!!!
goodnight everyone :)
follow me on twitter.
La Paz Mexico!!!!
Great new walnut kitchen with cantilevered range hood at
No, sorry, it's a Buick LeSabre, but she told me that my Aunt Kathy drives a covertible Chrysler Le Baron. Party Time!
Yeah, thats true. Especially when we live in a world where looks are everything.
Thunder's back!Writing holiday over&updates r coming!Nypd blue moment when Mr.Thunder was solicited2aid in da capture of a menacing stalker!
Enjoy it!
I love my job!
Here's to, perhaps, my last brunch...
Auditions scheduled for lead roles in monongahela Oct 21&28 in Pittsburgh email for details !
spending my time on the right things with the right people.
got a babe face
I did end up taking a nap when I got home
Just put 40' of pavers in. Now we have a nice walkway to the neighbors.
Getting ready to start my day ! Work then training !! What's your day like xx
If u don't have milk for cereal don't use anything else as a substitute for milk I learned that the hard way T__T
RT Missouri's best team loses in the first round. Kansas's 9th best team makes the Final Four. Damn you Naismith.
Zeek Rewards Review - Is It the "Real Deal?" Having been a professionally trained auctioneer for the past 6 years, I know which types of
#Iloveitwhen I make an illegal u-turn and don't hit the curb.
Off To Skool : )) Even Doe i Dnt Want To
Woo yourself!
Christopher Lloyd, race car, truckosaurus.. envious!
Start your weekend w/Belmont BBQ & tunes on the Powerdrive at 5! Studio: 978 1023 or
if you have any photos of your stay at Orange Groves Villa, please add them to the guest photos on our facebook page
I love this Page but they only have a Like Button!! However, that work so Like this page just click the button that says "LIKE" love yall
