So looking forward to my yoga class tonight Love the way yoga stretches and strengthens my back.
have faith
Comcast makes me wait 4 days to send a technician 2 fix my problem. I could easily get AT&T to switch my service before then. Comcast u suk
I miss you guys
I'm FTPing files to my Softlayer server from airplane wifi. That's above-cloud computing.
thanks rodney stuckey and al jefferson
“: so glad all the movbwives will b back 4 a season 3!!!” super excited!
Austin ._. I'm on a diet :/ This gets me hungry :/
Just saw an Internet Explorer commercial and immediately started laughing.
Happy St Pats to all! And good luck to our #Hoosiers vs. VCU tonight!
and we have cool kids too! #bonus! What's with the #hashtag hashtag?
Good day evrybodii
waking up in a good mood >>
In the truck with my girls and her mom and Summer Playing Big sean - ASS LEGGO On our way to the hotel Party;)
FEAR nobody BUT god !")
watching the caps kill the rangers! AO!
Random Fact: Number one Top-selling Album of All-Time selling 29 million copies is Eagle’s “Eagles/Their Greatest Hits – 1971-75.”
The Infuse Meetup was awesome. Just join the Infuse-Open Mic group to find out about future events. Anyone can perform a poem or song.
So that didn't work out... but thanks!!
Be sure to wear an elastic bandage or support bra to minimize swelling of the breast after a breast reduction.
i need motivation today!
Nope.I hope you had fun watching it!Lots of love sent from me sent to you!
I'm scared of your profile pic. with a pic. like that u should not b judging anyone! All God's kids r beautiful grow up!
That woudl be excellent. Thank you for the offer!
Why don't you find a cause that helps people, you are closeted? That's what they say about your type.
#IfICouldIWould Ask Her Out :)
En route to Portland for a great SKC weekend! Our boys are on fire and will be there to support an 8th win!!
Arctic Monkeys tonight. Looking forward to going out.
I sure hope not! I can't stand her!
Happy Sunday to my stars! What are you doing this weekend?
like the beatles in their later years, it's weird to see the individual members of radiohead stand on stage as a band.
free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
Heading out to Sunday dinner with the fam. So much to b thankful for this Christmas. New beginnings. Rekindled love. Happy future. Blessings
Using my miles to fly, which mean $140 round trip for flight. Craziness.
Victory Loves Preparation
Don't forget Johnson County as well. The JCHS Golden Eagles knocked off East Ridge to claim the 15th Region Boys Title.
OFFICIAL VIDEO!! FA DAT....GO CHECK IT NIE!!.....ND RESHARE D-Boy "No Feelings" | | Shot By : via
my bad need to getbto 200 or 300 please help thans love u
& wait he's white lol o:
if you got a follow from you're so lucky.
True to your word...thanking :) Thanks for all of your great input as well. Great resource!
I'll bring us a bottle so we can wine and dine and maybe... Nevermind. :)
Did anyone get pictures of the topic sheets that were written up during the talk?
if it's "Hazel"'s basement, is the wood-panelling "Hazelwood" ?
#BlackFriday wish I could go but I have no money to get my girlfriend a present for Christmas. ):
You are NEVER going to notice me :(
really curious how well the live streaming will work. Might be the part I'm most looking forward to this time
Thanks! Great group tonight. “: thanks to david murphy for giving an AMAZING presentation today at :)”
We can only go to spring fling for about 45 min- 1hr but your mom is going to have to take u home or u come to my game.
What is doing open at 5:45 am?? What am I missing out on?
#aboutme i played on the golf team in 9th grade
Tired isn't even the word actually.
thanks for the encouragement! And I'll definitely take you up on those pep talks. Have a feeling I'm gonna need em!
lol very low key.
Everybody sneezing and blowin their nose # ewwww
One cannot make a slave of a free person- for a free person is free even in a prison. ~Plato
nighty night syd!!! Love ya chica!!! I'll see you bright and early in the morning!!!
haha we'll flip tomorrow no worries
You confuse me. You show me you care one day and the next you completely ignore me?
I has iPad now and graduated yay, what apps to use?? (also Skype to come soon) [facebook]
Beautiful day for a drive to Schenectady. Looking forward to spending some QT with Mama Carter!
am I really watching the world series of poker..
ALMOST FAMOUS {'',}
For the record, I still haven't *eaten* anything at White Castle.
been a while. How's everything going?
Thanks!!!! I was feeling springy today.. even though it's a bit more like summer out there!
miss your face MORE
me too:)
says keep people engaged and #connect! Nice to hear same tips gave reiterated!
Been doing the work hard/play hard thing too much lately. Taking 20 minutes to sit in the sun and recharge my batteries. Right . . . now.
Now That I Am Older When I sink my teeth into a steak they stay there.
i know huh? i'm coming that way with Hoo Ya Wit Ent. in a week or 2
US Hispanic buying power was $1.1 billion (2011). Ahead of Turkey, Australia, Argentina, Saudi Arabia and South Africa.
Feeling fly like a ... Cessna.
You need to give one at the next Ignite Reno.
Can't wait to bring the family to our first game tomorrow buddy! We should have been there by now, sorry!
Vampires suck blood, steals plasma.
Thanks Greg! You've been such an amazing supporter of what I'm doing. So appreciate it!
Love me some #nadasurf !!! Check out their new album The Stars Are Indifferent to Astronomy.
Listening to in the end by linkin park with my friend on the bus. Sick
maybe I'm selfish, I want you to myself I can't help it
I'm stoked for this damn tour! It's gonna be sick! Sucks FATS is in the blue. It would've made it PERFECT if
Massage, pronto.
haha my life
I know!!! RT : if you were here, we would be doing hoodrat stuff and using up at least 5 YOLOs lol
working today til 11pm! Come get pierced or tattooed!
Bitch I want my money back !
#youmightbeanautismparentif your holiday shopping list is full of -ists.
Back to the hockey rink!
Mark your calendar Oct 1st, 9AM is the Metuchen FOL Used Book Sale on the library lawn. Be there!
music link on profile
thanks for the tweet. We love Bob.
: "and it hurt to hear it. It made my heart ache. Then I'd listen to it again." Precisely.
"House on Haunted Hill" is cheezy fun too.
The line-up this year is fantastic too!
anyways. you make it home safely
Nothing like a great cajun meal @ the Final Four!
bagel or pizza
You know you're just BEGGING for trouble saying that out loud. justsayin...
Oh New Girl, you make me laugh SO fucking hard.
Your use of :D is baffling me. LOL. You are adorable & brilliant and I hope they get their heads screwed on and hire you. Xox
If ignorance is bliss, then what is knowledge?.....
RT : Statistical parsing is mocked: "a solution looking for a problem". Found good problems in translation, speech recognition.
what you tryna say?
I could literally stay at this house forever. I wonder if they'd let me move in...
- Can't Get Him Off My Mind !
dude you and me both
OK! Have you seen em before?!
how do u get very popular utube
no I will not
Offset it with the other side
I've had potato chips and orange pop... Someone should smack me
at my cousins bday party
Sometimes the best thing is...doing absolutely nothing 😊💜
I hate it when people are at your house and ask " hey you have a bathroom?" no not at all, we shit in the backyard.
I don't get why he has a backpack when he's homeschooled. Jus sayin,
Great Easter holiday I had. Now its time to kick some butt
PLEASE go retro Craiggers batting stance!
RT - This nigga Jamar is some trash...he might as well be a Miami Dolphins fan. The only team I hate more than the Cowboys.
Playing Room 5 with in LA TONIGHT! $10. 10PM. Please help spread the word.
Thanks for following me! Hope all is well! Going to Texas tomorrow! woo-hoo!
Cape Verdeans were the first from Africa to come to America voluntarily
OH: You shouldn't do that to a poodle.
i love seeing my enemies ;; they hate me more everyday.
Excited for my informational interviews tomorrow with and Nike. Should be a day with tons of valuable insights. Wish me luck!
don't we all.
Watching work her social media magic on the train ride to NYC. It's nice weather out- for a duck.
U bet I am!
awesome workout, how are you feeling now?
thank you, have a great new years
Ok, rape & torture are off the table. Murder? Domestic violence? Suicide? And remember, the subject is what is NEVER acceptable.
mine was GREAT... yours?
reading is fundamental.
Higher Ground featuring Marqueal Jordan and the Players LIVE!!! @ Red Kiva, Wednesday, April 18th 2012!!! Be there Chicago!!
for everyone that has just started following me for some reason twitter want let me follow back as soon as i can i will.. thanks
Chuck Milligan explains three models under consideration by and the stakeholder process.
Must..not...type...your...mom. || RT You can always get paid for the one thing you do better than anyone else
It doesn't have a good beat and you can't dance to it "Onward, O' Lions of Greater Syria"
sex isn't everything
Win a trip to Hawaii just tweet
With arm out of my sling and strep throat on the run, I'm ready ready to break my 3 week poker hiatus at commerce casino on Tuesday...
If you turn your back on these people, you yourself are an animal. You may be a well-dressed animal, but you are nevertheless an
I can't believe you just called me an idiot. I'm offended.
Our boys, will FINALLY be releasing their debut album at HOB. Make sure u are there. If u still need tix, DM us.
So happy that summer is near.
which is that? I've spent time in some of the city's nicest and most appalling hotels
cat and i are taking a nap b/c we can.
It's Avengers time, midnight showing!
would be happy to help! What 3D format questions do you have?
I have switched fr Things to and am very happy. Large factor for me is ease of syncing. Still learning tricks of use
Are you really dating cody simpson ?
I read that yesterday. I admit that I don't know what to think either. In the very least it makes all composers look bad to most.
there is a little bit of truth to your tweet.
About to eat a bake potato
Great being back from vacation & seeing new fantastic followers! TY
Of course they would have Oprah present one of the most hyped awards of the night! Go Banksy!! I hope he's there.
to me no one won there was no real hits, got the video
is that so? Well then.
A Quick Guide to Staples Centers Playoff Prices
I guess we're about to find out.
She basically said that she wants to make sure that it is implemented carefully while working closely with public employees.
at in Nashville drinking a newly discovered flavor of --- Green Machine is delicious! ...waiting for
The highlight of moms trip to the cemetery was finding Babe Ruth's gravestone ... Topic of the night now
Is anyone studying for theology that has Hatzel
If you stay in your gym clothes all day long you will eventually workout..
Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Tune in to FOX 5 tonight at 6 & 10 to watch Scripps Mercy's Davis Cracroft, MD, discuss the dangers of jimson weed.
is so prettyh ;p & thank you ;)
Let me see what I can come up with. I am in tampa but have relationships with people and non-profits across across the state
work work work. all i do is work.
"You can always become better"- T Woods
"indigenous information architectures"and self-sustaining loops: digital robots and how digital objects are accessed
i named the concert bass "piece of shit". does that count?
Incredibly proud of the NE DEN LCs...Great teamwork and wonderful sharing of resources! Looking forward to a wonderful 2010-2011!
No real press coverage in this city. Kinda dry around here... All I can say is Eric heard our music and he asked for my #
I need to wrk heavily on my how quickly I get angry... My temper is so bad at times
Thankful this morning! God is so good!!
Haloti Ngata vs. David Decastro. I like our chances
Grabbing food directly from the window
If you could rip a heart open and look at the feelings, people would have a different perspective on things especially the people they hurt.
Getting my jazz on today. Miles Davis in the morning and in the afternoon.
oh the joy of a trackmeet today.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (vjf-mz)
Mets game with froday cuatro de mayo party yesterday & avengers today with not too shabby of a weekend
#confession I blow-dry my body:)
Best line of this movie: "If a man wants to see you, he'll find a way to see you"
#18conf if you believe parents have the solution they will have it
In line at Target for the Jason Wu line...time to bring out Bad Girls Club Maggie.
#Communication is the activity of conveying information, has been derived from the Latin word "communis", meaning to share
Does that mean you could use a hand up your butt?
It's a great day wherever you are in the world. Take advantage of it.
The vacuum is an amazing moth sucker upper! Ha! Who's in charge now?
Thieves steal expensive instruments from international orchestra
Having a nicotine fit:/
How does one celebrate National Toothache Day? At the dentist?
So she wana take me out watt???;
A sure fire way to piss me off at an audition is to eat tacos.
How goes it ?
Please don't be sick, please don't be sick, pleeaaasssseeee :'-(
Well excuse me!
Omg, my brother found my movie Blow! It's been in the trunk of my car for months lol
Adults After Dark- 205 North Ave 21202...Wet Wednesdays OPEN BAR 8-12 (NOT THE CHEAP SHIT EITHER) TONIGHT
I'm so sorry! I wish that we could give tickets to everyone.
Ugh how much I don't want to study for statistics
TUNE IN Radio Freedonia on WTJU TONIGHT at 11pm as members of CORSAIR invade our studios to spin heady jams and talk nonsense
Will be proudly wearing my #Blackhawks shirt when I drag my ass to the Home Team Charity Run in the morning.
good piece in Atlantic re: competing liberal/radical poles in #OWS. You didn't cover the libertarian pull: big in protests midcountry.
i cnt try out for track no more i cnt stand wishy washy ppl tell u one thing n denie the other
The world is bigger than you've ever imagined.. No man is ever worth of stressing over
ANY PROMOTERS LOOKING FOR THE NEXT BEST THING IN HIP HOP? WELL I GOT THE INSIDE SCOOP ON WHO HE IS!! CONTACT ME TO GET TO HIM FIRST!
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
guys, austin needs to make another video shirtless for our happiness lol also, so i can edit a new icon yay(:
Man my friend loves u
Lulz. that won't work... someone has to see it happen for it to be a "spark". :)
I like being able to connect with great people and groups!
3 pages of questions to write *facepalm*
Meme Omogbai: use collaborative inquiry to find out what your community wants. We spend too much time talking to each other.
Out on the town for my Grandma's birthday...jazz club...blue whale in little toyoko!
Keep and eye out for contests we are having this week and you can try to win a free pair.
FUCK ALL YOU ANNOYING ONE DIRECTION FANS
totally that would b fun! Good twitting w/ u
What about me??!?! I want to be loved! I love you guys!
Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It is courage that counts. - Winston Churchill
Making muffins
Definitely just offered Jackson and Swisher for Hunter Pence lol
Divine love is my comfort in an ever-changing world.
More the garden than than the river, but salmon's a great guess.
First day back to school!! Here we go AGAIN!!!
ik i taught her good
nothing better than coming home from a great workout and then my 2nd class is cancelled!!
Busy weekend working aroung the house. Sore. Gotta stretch 'em out.
awesome! I work at a medical school now I wonder if they have a pharmacy program here.
LOL now give me suns tickets... That's more like how they would feel
yeah my roommate did Fashion Design and she switched majors. I couldn't handle it :)
Twitter is having a lot of problems right now..
So glad to be heading to bootcamp with No work out since Thursday! Let's do it!
thanks for the heads up.
that means you can drop pants on campus?
So what
why can't you just go to the MLB site (or free mobile app) to watch it?
diligence reflects success
and directed by . . . what's not to like?
East Liberty "Pot Luck" Team Meeting Thursday, March 15 6:00 PM Obama for America Headquarters (Pittsburgh, PA)
Fans want athletes to be passionate and show that they care but when Amare Stoudemire does it he's a selfish bad guy?
tj max web site sucks
She ratchet!!!
oh awesomeness! Did goal get reached and exceeded? cc/
I care!
Enjoy cus today is #boobiewed . Tomorrow I go back to my shoe avi. :)
Glad You are on here. Have a great weekend!
a house full of cats and they're all either neurotic or OCD.
hey, I have a weird question
Getting ready for
Waking up to 10-20 knot winds. Small craft advisory in effect, should be an interesting day.
u sure ur not I'll baby
This sinus infection can go away now..
"confiscate"??? Back to my original - I'd rescind tax cuts since they haven't = + jobs & the exxons are posting record profits.
Aw I feel so loved :) lol
A little too early, I'm surprised I got some 'jobs' again.. At least I'm earnin..
Scoops - Amazing Organic Espresso and Premium Ice Cream in Payson, Arizona
It is slavery to live in the mind unless it has become part of the body.
Missed happy hour ? Come see us right next door! We've got some great drink specials happening until 8 o'clock.
Goodbye Shiner Bock. Hello Underdog Atlantic Lager. And for you Shiner lovers, we'll have it in cans.
She a cool ass chick .
Anecdotes don't make good stories.
can we stop by and set you guys up with CodeSquare? You're one of our JC faves!
"When tongues wag, one must look back with a smile." - a lady who lives in a castle on a show.
O no magic continues for game 3!
Myth #2: All presses are created equal
I lived with a cat I loved for years after developing cat allergies...
omg won't u get sick of it the second time in a row
Vikings picked who??? Lmao wow
Just because I forgive you doesn't mean you have to be part of my life. I can forgive and dismiss.
One tweet mentioning Justin Bieber and I lose a follower. Sorry, guys. :(
So stupid.
i love him so much but its never gonna happen )':
I, no WE your #BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end ! because we love you ,and everything you do ♥
wheat has arrived at Brix free tasting tonight from 5-6:30...oh yes I will be there. Watch out Boulevard Wheat!!
Visit The Bakken table at Music & Movies outdoors at the Lake Harriet Bandshell tomorrow evening!
Thank goodness, I was confused by this scrimmage I just witnessed!
who's ready for Mayweather v. Cotto this Saturday??
#ifidiedtommorow tonight i would wanna tell my mom that i loved her no matter how much we fight and to my dad how much i wanna provehimwrong
or maybe a rican one :p
Interview today for an internship at I am so excited and a little nervous. Wish me luck !
ouch RT: Is Bev Perdue running for office again? I want to be sure I don't vote for that hoe again.
Welcome. I have to talk you about joining our project. We'll need a good Cinematographer we can trust and learn from. Down?
“: I could really go for some Pinkberry and In n' Out. Yum. ...sounds like something dirty what made u think of that sicko?
yes yes yes!
I am
May the saddest day of your future be no worse Than the happiest day of your past. --Irish Blessing
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly "she ratchet" /
oh for sure... I'm a Gator so u know I'm gonna represent for Tebow ;)
COSTUME PARTY @ THE POLISH CLUB "Monster Mosh" Ft , Acrylic Lies, Perils Rise & I Feel Adventurous! $12
Woodbury Jewish Center seeks to evict Morrell Caterers - Long Island Business News
Just got done at the #crossingchurch #volunteering!! The Crossing Kids are amazing!!
Awweee so nice to me.. Thank you...
Must have tip - sunscreen every day and window film on the car… and PM Focused Repair in the evening.
Love what you do and what you do will reward you with what you love.
There is something very beautiful about the first time you walk out of the office late and the sun is still almost out
45 miles from home and I'm exhausted.. teleportation would be majorly clutch right now
are you fucking kidding me
oh baby, you can do amazing stuff in your sleep. We can see what thinks. We could do whatever makes you both happiest
How are you going to pay $35k for the opportunity to get more free throws and then miss them?
finally finished up 2011 taxes.. it tilt anyone else that the IRS office is in SF? feels like they should be holed up in some wintery hell
my tenant Julie has xtra bd, & she will protect you :-)
thx for following me to
I'm glad some people agree lol.
if i win , i will be so happy everything keeps going bad for me :(
Agree. Just got out of mtg where same argument was made. RT An IR may or may not have DP; DP may or may not be tied to an IR
I love how i brag about you.
Digging through random older music.. Bad bad songs, but such great great memories. I love when's beat triggers a "flashback".
Song of the day: "Toes" by #ZacBrown "Got my toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world, cold beer in my hand"
Is it friday yet??
Soon as I find a permeant poison I'm getting a new number ASAP
haha I get it now you ass
I'm. So. Tired.
I hate teachers who think that they can treat you as they like. I hate rights too and the law is against you.
What ingredient are you NOT particularly fond of?
Wow. Yet more reason not to watch that drivel.
'Windy City' - Simon Scott's Chicago politics parody: 'mayor was found ... face lying on ... a prosciutto and artichoke pizza. Great humor!
FAIL.FAIL.FAIL.FAIL.
I also am slightly obsessed with W&G but this is like weirdly the same. I feel like it's a knockoff. By the same creators.
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
Mexican fiesta is dope. I like running into family members every 15 minutes
RIP Donna Summer my favorite singer.
thanks i will definitely remind you
If you made a film about this weekend in DC, what would it be about?
Kicking off our 20th anniversary the right way by attending #CHRA2012!
Where do we get the field trip forms for Monday?
Roses are red violets blue Ellen you're the bomb! and a great dancer too!!!! love you
I be on Tumblr a lul bit TOO much!
great seeing you in Chicago! Marshall..send me an email this week..we need to connect
So they have #instagram for #android now
56-39. We're still up.
Me and gotta go to this Childish Gambino/SchoolBoyQ concert
no! Change is good! Most of the time...
Mike Watt, Deerhoof&#39;s John Dietrich, some other fellows start Hand ...
Thanks to for the follow!!! Text messaging is a great way to add to your customer database while at the fair! Ask us how!
of course you can, it's still a fixed percentage regardless of the cards. Is it relevant without cards? No
That's odd. I thought Mitt Romney had settled on Ted Nugent as a running mate.
Congratulations! RT 3 Duke UP books won awards last night. Come check them out at our booth, #107. Open until 7 tonight
I can tell my boyfriend anything.
ur a retard aren't u
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 53
happy Easter hope you have a great day 💓 x
Thank you!
- just so that i get it. Please correct me if not... If they are involved in their own understanding, they will be able to learn.
OMG CONGRATS
Ask/Tell Tonight and Tomorrow at 7 155 Bank St.
Only 1 day left - RT this & follow us now through the 18th and we'll send you a 20% discount voucher.
Who's ready for some FREE breakfast?! Free Breakfast Month starts on Monday.
lameness at wrk 😖 I was def glad to be home! I've also been in a gym funk & not feeling it.. I need to get my motivation back.
Thank you Lily Allen. I needed you today.
mine were awful... A month?
My mom:who's that Teen: Usher Mom:oh I've heard of him,he has some good songs Teen: he made Justin Bieber gramma Mom: oh really,that's nice
Its cute how much he cares . <3
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand "Ahh!" "What?" "I just pinched myself" "Suck it up!!"
#The moment when the little things make you happy;&:))
Looking forward to all the traveling this summer :)
freaky fast delivery
Congrats! always Ready!! Get em!! #BEATLA!
Trash bag + Heels = Cute. Therefore daisy dukes + heels = cute. As long as she's not a minga in the face or fat...
“: No matter how much my Mavs disappoint me at times, I'll always be a Mavs fan for life so deal with it #MFFL”
It feels like ur just pushing me awayy..... :'( And i hate tht feeling.
Why you mad? You asked for my opinion..
Had a good day chillin wit my niggas.
10:22pm and I'm 30 min into a 90 min imperial ipa boil... I'm messed up.
rise and shine! today is going to be a beautifully sunny day in the nation's capital :)
Why is the dork from #thedecemberists get a blurb on the back of bob mould's bio
Wow fuck my life
Drive around in art... We completely agree!
People drive like such pussies
What to eat..what to eat...
just saw before it breaks solo at this competitions.
if only you RT mine... :/
Lots of Lion & iOS5 upgrades are keeping us busy these days. Need HELP give us a ring!!!
Oh Schroeder how I'm counting the days! You going!? We should grab a beer before if so!!
They can hate all they want, but Omega is taking over in San Antonio.
This is beautiful! A face that only a mother could love!
very inspiring talk from at
When FarmVille and mafia wars gained attention I knew FB had jumped the shark for me.
Come make a difference at #ToysforJoy this Saturday and catch a pre-release performance of my new album, Would love to see you out there!
We know he was a PASSIONS fan. What would Spike have thought of the original DARK SHADOWS? He probably saw it!
Everybody asking are we twins. Like yes.
Crack = the ballers drug of choice
oh my gosh, I love you!
Excellent dinner and Jazz at Barrett's Grill in Hunt Valley!
email your order to and we ll give you a quote!
Ordinary people become extraordinary, once they have an encounter with the fire of the Holy Spirit!
I want to take my last breath right before Josh does. I don't want to be here to witness his.
"That is the squirrel you are looking for. That is the squirrel you are looking for." Me trying to get my cat to run head first into window
fine good and you?
little disappointed not to see you playing for today on ESPN when you went head-2-head w/
Just watched fireworks from the Sunken Garden - pretty good showing this year. And we didn't get stuck in traffic on the way home.
so today i basically got paid to drive my boss's car back from mount kisco and throw boxes into a truck all day.FTW
Give your girl a follow back!
This Sunday night (10/9) we Celebrate 's Dirty 30 Birthday Party at Closet Sundays inside
When I get to therapy early I swing by the AM/PM and drink in my car. And then I have something to work on when I get in there.
C'mon out, everyone! RT : The weather tonight is perfect for a GhostWalk in
Howard is another ego maniac, get rid of him and get people who want to be there, Orlando. Sincerely, Cleveland
JORDAN pretty pweezee say happy bday to my friend rosie!?
think the Tops get the Cats in Louisville?
"She's got a love like woe"
Been huge thoroughbred racing fan for 30+ years. Yet had trouble following HBO's Luck dialogue. Hooked anyhow!
Thanks mman, we appreciate it! We're following you on here, where do we follow your graffitis?
ok I deff will when I get back :)
I can't wait for tomorrow morning! #Questions part two will be incredible!
According to guidebook, you're are a SE Asia veteran when you can climb out of a bus w/out bumping your head. I'm looking forward to that!
Dear cold/allergy thing, I don't have time for you so please move along. At the very least, start responding to meds. K? Thanks.
Thanks, we're doing our best to make it as painless as possible, maybe a bit fun too.
getting ready for bed I have stupid skool tomorrow :P
aww really? thank you! BTW How do you set up autos??
Great! Glad ya enjoyed it!
aww thanks happy mothers day to u too !
How many other #workingmoms are trying to balance Spring Break-no school with their kids?
I love how the weather reflects my mood.
4 and I get out at 10
A great loss to archaeology. Lewis Binford RIP
HELL YES!!!
Family first.
Legitimately teared up. I miss all of us, man.
#wow #xfactor so lip singing gets the #stereohoggz one step closer to $5M.
Real recognize eal and my nig you a stranger ..
Why is all the lemon juice artificially flavored, but the furniture polish has real lemon juice. Who does decide anyway?
Just like a "Back in 10 Min" sign at brick and mortar store. I have no idea when you put the sign up so I don't know when the 10 min is up!
Me, and are free agents for the #shamrockshindig. Looking for a team that needs us!
I just realized i dnt drink as much as i used to...
Tonight's grappling...controlling from top and break downs!
FAFSA barely gives me loans like they know I'd spend it irresponsibly as a result of never outgrowing the fifth grade sparkly gel pen phase.
#gossipgirl plays the best music ever <3
Repeating Myself <<<
2nite old school sunday inside ! video mixing all nite! Come out and enjoy our drink specials!!!
I need to have a dance party before trying to finish this last proposal. Thank GOD I knocked a big chunk of this out on Saturday
Drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge. Don't just take a sip
@ if we are getting technical than lives in the best place on earth
We think so! :)
congrats yo!! may you be showered with a plethora of polish sausages.
That's a bad thing, right?
Correction: make that the Fort Riley (KS) cavalry. So many forts out here in Kansas, easy to get them confused. Or make them up.
LMFAO is a disgrace to this country.
Thanks for the RT!
totally. Palm trees don't make excellent shade trees. :)
Awkward moment when me and Donny have the same ADHD medicine..
what movie are you talking about?
USF Women's kicking off against St. John's here in a minute. Let's go Bulls need the W to keep playoff hopes alive!
I wanted to say do ur fat ass have fleas lo...but he looks like he only 15 or younger
A fine Tuesday to both of you!
Can't wait for 2011 to end! Bring on 2012!
you're welcome!
Spent the day on set, filming a really challenging restaurant scene with co-actor Trevor Clark. It's so awesome to work with prepared actors
I found I could set up Outlook to check my mail on google its still downloading Jan. 09 email and has to work through all my mail to present
literally two streets away, faggot
Just had a ViPeel with Boughton Dermatology in #lajolla & saw Dr. Scalise. She was super helpful and took time to answer all my questions!
only 85 more tweets until jesus comes
RT : What are you thankful for? We're thankful for our community of donors, partners, projects, and volunteers
": When someone says 'I love you' make sure you watch their actions more than their words."
New Building by Perkins+Will for The Johns Hopkins Hospital Unites Architecture, Urban Design, and Healing To Redefine ...
I'm out.
Reading Puppy Diaries inspired me to not give up on training Sully. Off to Wagtime with him soon.
An estimated 2.8million #chlamydia infections occur each year, and many people show no
Waiting to hear from VP Biden!
Who's up for some giant Jenga?
True. I'm sure there's more to the story. Hard to believe whatever "more" is could be a fireable offense though.
The Daily Drivers car review: 2012 Toyota Prius C hybrid
I prefer proof of concept myself. Started my last venture with a year of experimentation.
somebody tell me what 'occupying' accomplishes. not the idea (for reform, etc.), but the actual act; 'to take up space.'
heh. WIsh I knew where he worked… I'd love to hear about someone speaking poorly of my dept.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
why thank you! :-*
Having the right focus is truly a beautiful thing.
Initial verdict: it works! Edits, exports, fullscreen. Haven't tested everything but tried most frequent functions.
that's a courageous prediction. :)
Corporate Sustainability plans should include utilizing recycled-content paint!
heyy there you enjoying china and make sure to take pictures
Had a great summer, thanks LA. Love to family and friends, will miss you all. Have a couple reasons to be excited to get to MIA
A2 Smart phone is all you need these days - mobile journalism is the future. Lots of good apps, cheap mic and of course, a good ear!
Love lives on hope, and dies when hope is dead It is a flame which sinks for lack of fuel.
oh your man is looking so handsome!!!!
Saw a homeless guy with his hand down his pants outside of the Dollar Tree. I really wanted to take a photo.
Closing time, Semisonic. >>>>
Can you believe it? Your city of Las Vegas Firefighters have handled 81,567 calls so far this year. That's nearly 10 percent more than 2010!
Dawg this traffic is blowinnnnn me. B/c I'm not high. Ha
I have already told her NO NO AND NO it's not persistency it's annoying at this point
Nude? RT : Just wondering, are there any addiction classes to help my #Instagram habits? I need it...BAD.
Big win, we're boss. Proud bearcat..
nope. I live away from all that lol
Scotland Yard Pub: "Geeks Who Drink" Pub Quiz tonight at 8pm. Prizes and fun and 'Cuse Basketball on TV!
Don't fuck with stoop kid
Wilma, cheap, inexpensive, inferior, and common
Once was enough for me. I have had some adventures that about scared the life out of me. You can read about them in my book.
Swim Good.
aw okaay so it still don't work at all?
Interesting part of Gruden's QB Camp was Russell Wilson saying ref told him he had time to clock the ball in Rose Bowl.
I love the hood. It always gives you what you need. Plug yourself into the hood and see how blessed you are.
Taking our intern for lunch for her last day. Farragut/Dupont, not too expensive, but not shabby either. HELP!
I like Tweetcaster.
it was missing 1 word I was saying work it girl!
Last week of swimming:D
what does vht stand for?
Coolin we gone get that track to yall next week brah what's up with the 1 you gone send
I'm about to give up on you again.
John Cena is so freaking finnneeee O.O !
okay then your going to be signed ? (;
Now on to this wine I've been wanting since mentioned it the other day. 😊
same here
Just shot two shows at Salvage part of Great stuff!
I'm just waiting for school to be over already!!
You ever have one of those gotta take a dump before you play but the bathroom at the club isn't a smart pooping situation? Yep. That's me.
Happy Mothers Day to my mom, grandma, godmom, and my wonderful 6 aunties.
this one old lady ha back problems so i tried to help her she said thankyou she looked up then said take my money dont kill
3 hours till i see u on 106&park and tomorrow UA drops! i am so proud of u diggy simmons:)
oh OK...hosting or just getting out of NC for a bit. Let me guess the NCAA's
For all of you gearing up for sailing season, aquamarines are believed to keep sailors safe and guard against storms.
Oh happy day! 's Between Gears came in the mail today! ...now if only I had any time to read it.
SLOPPY, SLOPPY, SLOPPY! C'mon Spurs, let's win this game!!
So I'm supposed to go to a game this weekend and my mom wants Sat but I don't think I can watch Stewart play...
i don't mean but
Ah yes, the #WHCD. Otherwise known as the Golden Globes of journalism.
Seems to be so far. Thanks for asking ;-)
text me back!
Love this: "Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast." (Through the Looking Class)
driver is packing up. will be leaving the restaurant in the next few minutes
80 degrees and sunny.. Perfect day to leave the "sick ward" aka my bedroom and go for a hike!
You know ain't finna let no shit like that stess me out cuz that shit right there is childish as hell
You the you the best I ever had
Europe is great. Limited internet is not.
So amazing....love this post!!
Pacers :( let's get game 2 baby
#TheCabinInTheWoods was absolutely phenomenal! Seriously one of the best original movies I've seen in a very long time.
Can people get hypnotized so that they think their partner's snoring is awesome & soothing?
I am, but not the rest of the guys. I'm filling in for this other team.
oh and when i find it its gonna be on HERE , DO TRUST !!!
I got to step out the house for a few minutes and run some errands. : )
Advocates will be in #Houston recruiting for the upcoming demonstrations in DC and MALS support! Stay posted for more!
Fanny Pack needs to go ! >:O
Happy late birthday:)
Salsa is always worth the after-effects
Happy St.Patricks day !!
Thanks for the props, DC. Glad you still watch us even though you're now "off the clock"!
Looking for good audiobook recommendations for some upcoming road trips! 10-12 hours preferred, but really anything would be helpful.
Awesome dinner at Wendt's on the Lake. Great place for delicious fried perch.
My point was that you'll all get kissed whether you have a date or not. So dont worry about reaching out to some bum
' forget her phone. I guess I'll be taking over the tweeting tonight.
i usually fall asleep around 4. Is that too early to be considered an insomniac?
Girl. You need to buy that shirt.
you follow me i follow you how that sound to you fair? <3
super sore throat....any ideas to make it feel better?
This can't help but be awesome :)
I'm too tired, big day ahead. Time to get my beauty rest Tomorrow is another day where is this month going yet again! #Frustrated #GdNight☆
re G+: I deleted the app and left my account up with a msg explaining that I use FB.
Awww, thanks! You have a great day too!
people please dont waste your time with this #EmpowerNetwork BS. Dont Believe the hype. Just stop and learn to really
stalking me teacher on facebook... lol
welcome to the Wonderful World of Twitter... Where every tweet makes a difference! 😊
Oh my god thats the worst news ever, hes our setup man! RT RT : Extra Bases: Yankees sign Okajima to minor-league deal
If, after the flash intro, a button saying "enter" popups, I leave!
He has the cool car. He gets the girl.
know you are going to rock it like a rock star
We're thinking about hosting "The First Annual Fort Washington Crab Feast" live music...family...friends...in July? Tell me your thoughts?
what dish are you looking forward to the most for Thanksgiving?!
Ya Knows It
so are we behind? Blackmon just got announced...
Cuddling Sexy Girls >
Yeah I've heard them, good stuff.
Joey is sweating playing baseball
Happy Mother's Day.,!<3 I Love Yhu Momma.. :)
Make sure to follow for OCD Chris O'Donnell action I guess.
what do you need
One day I will beat at arm wrestling.
Lmfao! Good luck with the stuff with you know who.
no problem! Business is great in NYC! The city that never sleeps
Bill Campbell, Ryan Scott, and Bob Hart killing it @ La Taverna right now:)
Thanks so much for helping spread the word about
Sometimes it feels like no matter what I do it's not Good enough for anyone.
Wah! Bet you didn't want to wake up! Game on!
on the run today, placing orders and checking upholsterer, dropped new pillows in at clients who r @ work, I love the surprise.
Just migrated to an iphone. Thought I was up to speed on technology. Amazing communication tool!
#EMAC students! We're officially having an undergrad end-of-semester mixer Wednesday, 12/8 4pm - 6ish. Come meet your co-conspirators!
animal crackers circa god knows when.
Getting ready for the first ministry group meeting of presby churches following reorganization. Totally stealing ideas from
Two clutch 3 point shots made at the end but not soon enough. First we won by 1 point and today we lost by 1. This will be a close series.
Looking at Twitter timeline looking for something exciting. Probably not going to happen when it's close to midnight. Oh well!
It is comforting to know that not only the steps but also the stops of a good man are ordered by the Lord. George Mueller
So glad i got to talk to today.
Thanks for joining us at our online listening party! More treats tomorrow!
Bringing in the New Year with the love of my life,
Fellas im still not satisfied with our RB Situation..Issac and Dwyer are our top 2 backs,then John Clay
It's gonna be a great day! 1st my daughters softball game, then an evening out w/ my wife. Then catch up on my DVR
anything and everything. This is our 1st show. We're excited to walk the floor. We will be there with
okay thanks :D
If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything. -- Win Borden
I'm looking to get 100 music lovin fans by my birthday in 12 days. Im workin on a sound track for a motion pic and need some good material.
Andy Cohen: I am with Jesus Barbie when we break the news about Osama Bin Laden.
just got home...
my lil bro is now studying weather in school. Next BG?
Im on them xany bars, my weed is medical! We trippy mane!
Excited to see my bff ina few weeks!
We wish we could be at #OutsideLands this weekend.
We killt it at tonight !!
What is your occupation in Brazil?
#ToDo Put my parents lawn-mower in my van and take it to Laura's house, Tomorrow at 12:30pm
what are your thoughts on the #Broncos next off season move? What will they come up with next?
my brother driving this car and holding this damn knife next to me ....uh uh, it's not gone work for me 👎 ☝
In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm. #Quote Corrie ten Boom
Glad you think so :) And thanks for the tweet!
Looking for skilled #Operations #Engineers and #Site #Reliability #Operations #Leads for exciting #job opportunities at
Shwasted watching grease?
Location shoot tomorrow - if it doesn't rain that is...
Part of the shock is that the women at Dell I know feel very supported
we are working on that... How about a #yummy one on us during lunch next time? Ask for Mario he can take care of you!
That shower though <----- #Wonderful :)))
Got to chat with and yesterday! You have no idea how much I love those girls! They bring joy to my life!!:)
#WhyDoHoes expect to get wifed up after being used so many times SMH -.-
Boo.. AH!!! Lookin girl
#NeverShouldYouEver Compare A Girl To Another Girl .
This is why in fat...&ugly
99% of people in this world are Stupid. Luckily I'm the other 5%
#orphans8 After returning from the Dutch East Indies, Tassilo Adams was a curator at the Brooklyn Museum
check out pomplamoose on you tube for an awesome cover of that song!
I'm thinking like amazon reviews + angies list + stack exchange + twitter/facebook integration
Call me a purist, but blue M&Ms just don't feel right to me.
Woops! Again. We only said that at michael's height and the Olympus of BB he could relate to Lebron.
Now fans just being rude and stupid
Idk how to explain it
Moran tearing his knee at
Cloudy with a chance of seeing my boyfriend.
“: oh darn.. he needs to start working out!!” yeah start working out.
BRB SHOWER :P
"In the land of the blind, the man with one eye is the king."
Watching The Prince of Egypt. :-)
This Song Is Called<3
Check out this week's OK! Magazine for a feature story and pics about Dr. & Mrs. B's wedding!
My husband looked damn good in that video too im still in love with this man his music go hard any damn day!!
tummy hurts
Love this dat redbull generation music...like workin out for me!
On our way to panama city!
would love to hear your thoughts & answer any questions you might have!
With and with my mom jammin to music.
Nah! Just a busy week. Job interviews and project meetings. No time for man toys.
: We've got QR codes to Amazon for all APSA exhibit books at this point. Now we just have to test all of them...
yeah but ill make a plan don't worry
Excited to be a new member of the !
Hi. I got an email inquiring about you! Celebrity, sort of :)
See the greatest superheroes in on 4/25 @ 7PM in Denver! Txt SUPERHERO & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr to win an ADMIT 1 pass!
thanks for RTing!
kaleideloops are coming!
"That's the parting of the #RedWings" and "The Red Wings just had longer sticks" should make the #NHLNetwork rated R.
would you say that a Bi woman is still lesbian...even tho she deals with both men and women?
if anything your stomach will thank you!
When your only happiness is constantly bringing you down. <
RT : Hard data is rarely enough. Activists must "package data into a narrative that makes sense - that makes people want to act."...
EveryoneIsBeautul Not all on the inside!
With hard work and persistence, you can find success.
You can make Spongebob really perverted if you try XD
Lastest IM Reviews Posts TABLET PC REVIEW: 3ft Sync/Charge Micro USB Data Cable for Amazon Kindle
I was seriously in the middle of typing this to you... weird! Haha see you son!
Forgot Biggest Loser was on tonight!
#FF Great new Tweets from Awesome!!
Thanks:D What's going on??
Mexican food is the best! :D <3
Thx 4 the follow. We hope u have a chance 2 dig you some Secret Skwirl. We're digging the Animal vibe! Best & success.
That it's an essay question masquerading as multiple choice.
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” Walt Disney
why is it so hard to get noticed by you? :/ asdfghjkl
Well, JcPenny did not have the dress I wanted.
Hey omg I'm so sry forgot to answer u! - hangs head in shame
#VolcanoGirl For those dealing with #Carmageddon Volcano Girl is here to save you. But it will cost $5,000 per person. New rates.
“: #ICantStandPeople who ... wait, no I just can't stand people.”
That's amazing! I had no idea he'd be there!
We do download cards, but bands realize now they still need CDs & tees to sell at gigs. It just makes sense.
Now that's a crowd
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. ~ Joe Paterno
I was so impressed with papers I heard @ Purdue's Early Atlantic Reading Group 10th anniv symposium this weekend.
- not that it matters, but why do people always get charged for mixed drinks? - think, wedding receptions sometimes :-)
#ThatAwkwardMoment someone comes up to you and says "you're Jordan, right?!" and you have no idea who they are.
Help us get over 1000 followers! We ask anyone who is truly serious abt making a powerful statement about CSA via film to join us!
Havent been around in awhile, but came back to hit up #followfriday and see my fav tweep // Hope all is well Every1
The two most dreaded parts of morning time: getting out of bed and drying my hair.
BBL. GONNA WATCH MB PERFORM! DEUCES
oh my gosh I'm so sorry! D': I'll pray hard for u too!!!
of course:)
60 cent pulled pork sliders all day today!!! Stop by #Shortysbarbq & help celebrate our 60th anniversary of making the best BBQ in town!
Someday soon. And hell, I'd perform for free. ;)
Will u give me a shoutout please??
Sorry to hear that.
yes! The show is at The Echo on Thurs!
Almost to Pharr TX. We are right on the border! I hope I find some killer Mexican food!
Youre a door man. Door man. Door man
I experience my worst fear everyday and it is terrifying.
When will endorse S-S-M? Fortunately, I live in a country demonstrating leadership and progress towards
How did I miss that your book is now out? Congrats on selling out Amazon!
I know you think(might even) love him but sometimes you have to let things go
Earn more money with hair extensions, weaves, & even making full lace wigs! For more info OR supplies email us @
I was all dreamy about Peace for a moment ... but, we'll have to fight the politicians first. (: Peace
dont TALK about it..BE about IT!!!!!and keep GOD 1st!!!
Spy shows have taught me never to work at a shipyard
lets see, yesterdays standouts..Saints, bounty, Seau #nfl, Rangers #nhl, Braves ChipperJ, Weaver nohitter, Dodger owners presser
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day! So if you can read, count to 20, or write your name in cursive,
Still all eyes on Iran!
umm no one goes to the movies on sundays down here sweetheart
but i am not financially supporting anyone else, so my risky decisions about who i'll work for affect primarily myself...
It's cold af today
MY LAST RT DESERVES A MILLION RTS
I use 1 class blog for grad stdts. It's easier for both me and my students to keep track of posts that way, & fosters community.
My flow so tight should get his ass kicked on now
gorgeous avi babe
#MayweatherCotto Can't Wait !
its really good i follow the series regularly and just rewatch it constantly on netflix
#MyDayWasMade when my toughest professor who always fills my papers with red ink told me "you should be really proud of this piece"
But then that border guard will look at Angel—Angela Davis Washington, according to her birth certificate—
aww i will! and we all miss you too Katie!! <33
EVERYONE HAS THE RIGHT TO FREEDOM! SO WHY WE BAG IT UP IN DIME BAGS?
You did a WONDERFUL job this morning with #ecismg . It was good to see everyone at Innovation Connector in
“: Final at the Camp Nou! Very big congratulations to Chelsea FC for reaching the Munich Final! Barça 2 - Chelsea 2. #FCBLive”
I must focus all of my efforts on focusing my efforts
My libido is slowly fading away. Weird thing is I have no problem with that. Lookin foward to when the desire is gone.
#Hardsummer #countdown! Meeting up with and hitting the shops for some crazy rage outfits!
how the hell is Tannehill a top ten pick??? and then a guy like graham harrell go undrafted, i hate the draft
i wonder if the christian right in america would be as pissy about harry potter if it was published as "philosopher's stone"...
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly. ~G.K. Chesteron
I want to make babies with you.
Count me in. Community engagement and environmental remediation through art is right up my alley.
Photoshoot at Mt. Hood today.
*raises hand sheepishly* That'd be me... I just wouldn't want to share what burb i'm from and have people stalk me...
Best Buy chief marketing officer resigns following CEO departure - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Reason 12 to love the BBA: Our businesses lean on one another for support. We are a team & do our best to support our team.
What I did last night had to be the stupidest thing I ever did.
key feature of your proposed tool: opt-in, not opt-out. :-)
Yeah Gonzalez!
Ugh. Joe Giudice is exactly that ... a thug.
If Tyga could really rap, he would be SCARY, cuz he easily has one of the hardest flows out there.
i almost died today at lunch people were acting like animals lol
Ask your child about their day and tell them about yours. This sharing time is often the most important part of your day!
thanks! I entered last year and nothing. But I'll enter Adopted this year. You read it?
Will you follow me ...
Then I shall bask in ' regard. :)
Im over this.
tweet jusstin bieber...get him to number one
Lol! :) Yaaay! I'm just watching a little bit of American Idol! :) Thanks for asking! 😊 How about you?
Re-Tweet about our beta site and be entered into a draw for a free SHdc sweatshirt!
should espn be responsible to holding syracuse tapes for eight years after they persecuted paterno for same thing.
Thanks 4 follow me
ayyee! im home alone! mom and dad gonna be gone all day! what time are you gonna get here? btw we got pizza & cake. LMFAO
“: Lets welcome chef Tetsuya our new executive sushi chef ” bring on the sushi!
People who shop at the flea<<<<<<<<<<<< ah lames these days
My line right now<<<<< a good convo would be great right now
Feels like spring. Aw
anytime i am following u can u follow me its ok if u dont want me to ?? plz reply back to let me know
Good thing I didn't text you something shitty this morning ;)
haha oh, more statuses about checking out girls? G, I think we need to have a talk.
Fall asleep on the couch, wake up, and The Five Heartbeats is on. Guaranteed to be a good day!
Nice view huh?
TNT just ran a commercial for Thunder Lakers game 4 and said its win or go home for the Lakers, so if the Lakers lose tonight somethings up
Hi c:
Thanks! Much appreciated. :-)
Enjoy! RT Just received wonderful cosmetic products in the mail today thanks to the generous sponsorship of !
Good morning, Kathy. Another fabulous tweet, thanks!
One in Glen Burnie, but most Target's seem to carry them.
The Method is too cumbersome, it has too many check points. You are constantly checking.
whats good fool
If I choose you over sleep. You better, I repeat, BETTER feel pretty freaken special. -__-
The #MotorCityStepShow wishes the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta a
Do u still go 2 publishing companies 2 find songs 4 your albums or does the publishing companies send them 2 u?? U PICK THE BEST SONGS
Chillin with my best bud dave herro @ his b.day party!!!!!
haha hey Arnold wears a red plaid skirt with leggings haha
JONES BEACH BANDSHELL FREE CONCERT TONIGHT!
The sound of a solid door closing or creaking stairs is something you just don't come across much in L.A.
Out new store in Folsom CA planning CPS touchscreen install next week; they'll have outdoor Beer Garden; store opening 10/26!
Tonight's SHOW CANCELLED BY Sorry for any inconvenience. Please RT
"I wasn't good at doing this but I was committed to trying." (from Gaia’s Glazes: Mysteries of Sea-Mud Glazing Revealed)
Getting ready to hear inspiring stories at Women's Fund Keyholder Event!!
Had a great shoot this weekend and met some great people. On to the next feature "Erebus" this month.
LOVED tonight's episode of #MadMen. Was skeptical of this season at first, but so excited for the rest of the season after tonight!
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your good news
When you’re in love make sure you really are in love and not just in love with the idea of being in love.
We are open from 12-8 pm at the building at Essex & Delancey! Joined today by reps from ABC No Rio, Blustockings & Save the Essex St Market
Hey baby girl!!!
Now to finish Sherry's photos...
- well my source said we were allies.. hm?
You Cant Knock me down, Cause Ill Always get back up!! MY Mental surpasses your Physical!
Legal Product Manager opening! Required 3+ years of mutual fund paralegal/legal administration experience required.
you hung up on me.
"we"? did you pay for the content? pay for production? someone did...
your buttons? Lol
When you cant stay up late cause you have school the next morning !! 😒
Please tell me supper will be ready soon cause I AM STARVING!
Marriage is the greatest earthy happiness when founded on complete sympathy.
Trucks are rolling now off to new business models!!
Oh cool. :P
I don't know how on PSP
One of our Member's father passed away last night. We'll raise a glass in his honor. RIP Dad, may there be car engines to rebuild in heaven.
Yes, he is that bad a judge.
I'm pissed at my mom, because she never gave birth to an older brother with hot friends. -.-
Anybody do biz with Universal Plastic Bag Manufacturing Co. in California? Need to write story for
To invite someone to collaborate on a Pinterest board, you have to be following them, right?
Oh well..... Maybe one day
they always do
10 Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will lift you up in honor. ~james 4;10~
Thanks for the #FF!! Have a great weekend!
Word of Mouth happens organically but you can also learn to use social media tools to MAKE it happen.
Awesome weather to be filming biking stuff in. Hope DUMBO looks as great at sunset tonight as I remember.
Just installed the new Seesmic, I like tweetdeck but it likes to eat memory (just closed it after it hit 560mb ram used...which is crazy)
haha awesome! I have my license too, but i'll probs walk cuz zac lives like 2 minutes from me.
we have a new #coupon coming, interested? nice guitar shot btw!
Hard work is the yeast that raises the dough
Love the 'Go #Brewers' MCTS bus I just saw!
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet. ~ Roger Miller
Lil bro scored 20 points he was really balling
haha I googled funny baby pictures
lets tour!
I HAVE A WATERMELON TOWL!!!!
Level Up: Lead with Emotional Intelligence is now offered for a limited time 0.99 cents until Feb 15.
S.I.H.Y.L ~Spit It How You Live~ (Mo'$crill)
I had this app mths and mths ago! Haha! RT : you're welcome.
Authors - Less than 10% ever earn their book advance back - interesting how big publishers make such bad decisions on what book will sell
People, life is what you make it. Maybe the world isn't out to get you. You just need to work on yourself.
hes here you fag
RT : 4,000 customers in southern NV are currently without power due to the high winds today. Crews working to restore power ASAP
Fantastic hike at Runyon today...the sun feels so good on my body and there are so many girls out today! Shower then Ashmaster's!
#ratchetmixtapetitles cocaine & unprotected sex
Hey Chris, what dinosaur are you the most afraid of?
Hey ppl go follow for a promo for 50 followers cum on plez in need sum followers
Inbox 18, and holding, for 2 days.
dude like your like 25? or something and im freaking 16 years old soon 17 august 7th so STOP HITING ON ME #CREEP! urggh
gotta keep puching myself and stay focus as long as i got jesus watching me ima be good
U doin all that and on twitter at the same time!
i hope dana gets what she wants
Thanks kiddo. We are doing ok I guess!
Eating lunch at the waffle window with the kids.
Come use your Groupon at the B, we will not be accepting them the weekend of HampdenFest (September 9th-11th)
I am obsessed with your Honey Child Friend lotion! Where can I buy it I am almost out!!
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! The costumes in Once Upon a Time!
Aww I love you too !
I had so many awkward moments in live...... until i made a twitter.
Sadly didn't watch, but congrats to the 40-0 Baylor Bears, NCAA Women's Basketball Champions.
Very cool. Thanks for keeping me in the loop.
GUYS CAN WE TREND "MAHOMIES 4EVER" ??? Let's trend it for <3 -kimberly :)
PickUpLine: Nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
U'z? is that short for UTZ?
Just exited 3 5 right. Taxi to Atlantic via via Kilo.
Yes we do
Thomas made a nice catch on the throw by
I wish Landry Fields would stop shooting and stop trying to make a play. #KnowYourRole cut and defend!
Ridiculous things! That's like my heaven!!!
done,thanks babe :)
Matt Kemp pinch hit, to extend his consecutive games played to 393.
Regularly evaluate your communications strategies. Determine what worked or what didn't. Make adjustments to your plan as needed.
who bought those boots for you
the maine?
Goin to go see da bae again today cant wait
that's from last year
How do people cheer for them idgi
Karma is a bitch with experience.
Yo the new DOG LEATHER video is all shot & nasty & game killing as fuck. INTERNET BEWARE. U KNOW U CAN'T HANDLE THE MICROPHONE VANDAL.
Did anyone else see what Geno was wearing at the Lemieux statue unveiling yesterday? I think we need to get those shirts for sale in here.
awesome! Thank you!!! :))
I'm so so
Notable items found after cleaning out my car: half handle of rum, bag of shotgun shells, a bra, 8 blunt wraps, and a Country Grammar CD
asdjkfl. you're such a qt
just damn.
Not in the near future.
that's what I'm hearing. And the cost of living is so much cheaper than DC. I'm trying to start my own company.
We don't need to get everyone on a bike. Walking, transit & living close to destinations should work for everyone.
New Suits Over Do-It-Yourself IRAs, As Reported By The Wall Street Journal, Prompts American IRA, LLC To Remind Self ...
#BuildaThon2012 is officially on! Over 5 days, volunteers will completely rough-frame 10 new homes!
I got a case of the wiggles. Not the show, but the uncontrollable shakes called alcoholism :/
that's right! :D
selling skyrim perfect condition ps3 30$
I like people who keep the conversation alive.
All my friends that are Packers fans need to follow That means you
So... have you been listening to Not Your Kind of People?
< love=security risk?
hahahahahaaha isn't it kinda good though?!?
Looks like I'm pulling an all-nighter...
happy birthday! Hope we can hangoutt again at another family function n thankyouuu soo muchh! My friends loved the pics!!
thanks for the RT! Always nice to 'meet' other Portland book folks!
It's only 9:30ish, and I'm done all my required tasks for the day. Time to figure out how to make funnel cake for breakfast. :D
If you have more than one social media account Hoodsuite.com is a great way to share your content on all of them at the same time.
N CONFERENCE WIT SUM FIRE ASS SALAD!!
lol bro for me to have made that test at 8am I would have had to have woken up at 5:30
Tomorrow is Monday? Sunday, you have betrayed me. Is this payback for sleeping with Saturday? /soap opera.
I so think people try to piss me off and im tired of it :(
You guys hear about Tracy Morgan? He stabbed his son to death for being grey
thats so cool!!!!!
I'm finna go reallyy hard n the gym...
Thanks for following, friends! very excited to partner with you for TFFOC 2!
done with the people who hold me back
I reaaaallllyyy don't wanna go to school
The Friday Local Author Series hosts Patricia Taub this week, talking about "The Mother of my Invention" on Friday 2/3 @ noon in Mtg. rm.
Anyone have a spare #Google+ invitation? Do I even want this?
Please follow for the latest green news.
Bedtime. Blah nothin to look forward to tomorrow -.- no school 4 the crush.
haha ok. I'll see it when we're going to 3rd.
Everyone should follow and he follows back.
Oh, you blocked me on Twitter? You sure showed me.
At a vending machine and I hit Dr pepper, out comes a cherry coke...??? Really? Wow
Happy 3rd birthday, !
G'morning Twitts! :)
Holy chit meng!
Agreed. That was a nice touch.
Oh my phone would brick for sure haha, my luck
You don't even know me bro! :b
I like this picture Gary. It's shows your model status LOL Hope things are well in your life. Much luck from your fan, Antoine
#IMAGINE tweeting you saying " I LOVE YOU<333"
of course it's true. I'm an honest person (;
I wonder what Rob Lowe looks like first thing in the morning, without all that makeup.
Who is going home on the X Factor? has some tough contenders on the show!
The 2012 MUSIC SHOWCASE will be September 27-29th @ The Walnut Room. It will feature 18-20 bands and include film & other visual arts.
Not to mention the stapler museum!
I just gave asha the best advice. I should be a motivational coach
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho Concieted, It Mightt Be Okaa If Yu Didn't Look Like My Dog, No Offense To My Dog.
My split tests with clients' open times supports it: 7am=18% open, 9am=23% open. However, this is for B2B messages, not B2C.
Stop in this week for a Fade,Taper,Caesar,Mohawk,Shape-up.....AND MORE.
Sounds great! RT : It's us doing our best impression of - we can only try guys!
Chomping it up with , , Talking about our big announcement tomorrow. Stop by for a preview.
sounds epic!
5106978214 way to pick finals weekend to come back and visit !
I do however have a Rouge Chocolate Stout awaiting my last hour of the evening.
Hot off the press via : AllThingsD reports #HP to combine printing & PC divisions. Whitman recently hinted at changes
Kelly and I are going floating on the Guadalupe with a bunch of friends today!
IMHO Notre Dame ends up in #B1G. I don't have sources like but Big East & ACC in tough spot
lmao u silly
Roughly 5% of the population has an infection of the skin or toenails on their feet, at any given time, showing up as warts or fungus
Where have you been all my life!
My last retweet is so true for me.
Most kind. Thank you! RT
TEXT "REFUGE3" to 24587 for DISCOUNTED entry
okay :/ but girl this school in ny is wack. I'm looking at other places now.
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend ... kiss him every time!
I dont even care anymore im just done.
It's that time again. Mt. Adam's Mayfest is just around the corner!! LIVE music from !! Get there early to grab a great seat!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 38
Watching Everything Must Go with The Hub. Hope it's funny!
YEP,that's the one.Such a talented writer,I just find so many prevailing viewpoints,present in most of his books, disagreeable.
Overheard in TB (not often in MKE): (he) Wat r u doing done here? (she): I got a job offer to bartend at the beach.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written. And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all...
FF? I just learned about that
I don't know why you have to announce that to everyone. Just do it.
OH: We can do a flash mob in China! 20 MILLION PEOPLE!
i hate truth is on fb they take 4eva to do
That is great! It's amazing the people that this event attracts. It's always a very busy time for us... but we love it!
NEXTIVA you were suppose to route all calls to the cell phone if you went down why didnt that happen
Its another day another dollar..its about getting money
A shrimp's heart is in their head.
Luke Donald -5
Yogis and Yoga Clothe enthusiast, Lululemon Athletica Third Ward Grand Opening is tomorrow, February 17 from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Stop in.
Shopping with the thugs and
Happy Birthday dude!!
Director of Education at the Society of the Cincinnati. The focus is the Revolutionary War. Pretty snazzy:)
dude idk why but im kinda scared to say it
Pharmaceutical reps are my favorite people in the world. Ugh so nice
I'm a very loveable person :)
Ground Zero 2010
did you have a good time at sxsw? Too bad we couldn't meet up
power of Judaism
LOLOLOL. OK, We shall keep the #intensefriendship. BUT, I have an intense hatred of comic sans.....and I always will.
If I don't use up all of my sex, does it roll over to next month?
That's hardly a way to speak to your elders. If your parents weren't unemployed, I'd have them fired.
Nation's #defense is lowest priority of administration. A new Pres should be top priority of Americans. RT
Maybe because u have schools like texas college and paul quinn etc.. dat rip there students off
Don't shoot your eye out.
Donald is going home... I hope!
Vikings cut RB King after weekend arrest
They've never drove through Indiana, Met the men who plowed that earth..
JOIN US TONIGHT FOR GOOD FOOD, GOOD TIMES AND BUCKETS OF BUDLIGHT FOR $15!!!!!
when is Austin gonna make a new cover? :/
haha so true! “: Where's the prop bet for 'Twitter feed way more entertaining than the game?' Sucker's bet, really.”
oh shucks cx
All the best people have white hair! Still celebrating the day I chucked the dye bottle.
you give the finger to someone from akron , well you suck now your wades bitch! CANNOT WIN LIKE JORDAN WITH WHAT WE GAVE YOU FU
You guys are so cute!!
I love in mob wives they're like "I don't want there to be any drama, so I'll make sure to invite the most polarizing girl I know."
Go for it! I'd love to see that one:)
Loved @ premier, I'll be tuning in every Sunday as always watching the kardashians...
omg I so love your default. Amazing image ever
Boston vacation is over. Waiting to meet up with for
dirty! :p
Austin's gonna marry me WHAT?. (;
you're right im much funnier in real life 8-)
Saw some folks bike riding, even in this wind it
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own - Bette Midler
Dames just sat for a photo with THE "Candyman"!!!! Woohoo!!
on the sen floor - Rs cut the budget on the backs of wmn & kids - "even little kids in head start had to take it on the chin."
thanks. It shall be fun
Right before Gabriel Martinez got shot by a Valencia County deputy, he was swinging a metal pipe at the cops. Before that, he was running.
keep digging marco!
lol worth it
The 1 like is me. Rockin'! :D
Panko Salmon is unbelievable. You've got to try it to know it!
The only time single life is were its at is wen u in a relationship
Alrighty, see ya then!
I am enjoying the sunny day. I recently finished my first composition for hand bells.
Listening test. Can you hear the difference between original & mp3, etc??
home now; taking it down for church in the morning! what a fun day...lady macbeths and spades...so fun!
watever happen to eminem
Your zest and charisma are infectious! Thank you for participating on panel #cnndialogues #arabspring . You empowered us all!
high of 73. I went on Cinco de Derby 11 years ago today.
Oddly enough, they do. And some very good ones at that ;)
Tanning by my pool>>
no, my hair. Lol
