ahh you know
Your ego will have you by yourself....
TGIF! Join us for lunch and get some "Baby Bubbas" -- that's 3 sliders with pimento cheese, bacon, fried pickle and sweet relish!!
Say Hello To Black Thunder the Newest Member of Twitter After Dark! But it will Turn into Twitter Late Night!
All trains on all lines are now single tracking. A historic first for
If I see a man...with a muffin top..I'm puking!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. ANDRETTI!!!
Officially completed my subsequent BS in eMarketing from Franklin University!
Feelin like Spring in the NYC. Now that's what I'm talkin about!!!
Appreciate our facilitator today, Carl, introduced himself as my guide. Good recognition he can't learn me, that's my job.
what about dogs.
I do not know what #fcvw is so I'm thinking not... But maybe...
Follow to tag along with us on our Wednesday shoot. We'll be sprinkling out details over the next 2 days.
"You work out who you like best and then you pretend not to like anyone else." -Jez, Peep Show
Tomorrow's is the National Day of Prayer, you guys :D
Definitely one of the perks of being a librarian! I was gifted some cookies from a patron as a medical library intern. Yum.
Shut up Courtney! No one feels bad for you!
I agree. This new upgrade on his suspension is ridiculous.
Wicked clowns never die.!<3
Baby pushes away spoon of banana cereal #Peaceful Resistance
u love s lot of people
#ala11 alexanderstreet announcing academic video online booth 3115 come learn more
bahahaha is in twitter jail :D
Too hot to sleep? My rooms the same temperature as Antarctica.
#thatmomentwhen you really gotta piss but your too lazy to get up....
I'm my way to the train
Followed.Follow back
"old school" gay sex
So, Blake starts at PG in OKC?
RT :It's out! Will Allen's "The Good Food Revolution," part memoir, part manifesto from the visionary of !
Just saw this ad: "Tomorrow on Today: the cure for aging"
How in the WORLD does Mike Turico get to question Andrew Bynum about HIS behavior and HIS judgement? Scandalous! Ridiculous!
How can u make F1 so boring?!
well now I'm home 😏
wow ... Just seen a restaurant called "cotton piccin chicken" ... Smh.
they will resort back to what they have done for centuries = BLAME OTHERS and riot; good, let them, lets have it out
I could see that being the case. If so, no refills! My kids are old enough to keep still, I hope!!
-and learn how the Cleveland Indians led to the creation of Superman!
OH SHIT! i get it now!!!!
Ahh. Adjusted. Didn't know that.
Please capitalize proper nouns, like place names. It's silly for a geographic org to not use English properly. cc
maybe friday.. idk :s
Wait, you're not working for are you?
ur b o y f r i e n d is my neigbor
So glad im not going to school tomarrow !
the ride was sick (:
Hahahhahhahaha omg if that happened it would be love at first sight 😍😍😍😘😘😘😘
Yeah, I'd agree with you!
Manhattan is only part of NYC without MLS
Looks cool too! The feature set looks really solid. Very nice.
Tnx & for RTs - as u all well know, translating religious studies 2 world is tricky but we r trying ;-)
Thx for the location suggestion for the tweet-up! :)
The suit that kermit is wearing in the opening scene of muppets take manhattan is so clean... someone get me that suit
Er, no, you're hosed on that front. But 64-bit env would prob help
Thanks bro! RT : happy born day fam
#WhenIWas13 I discovered the wonders of Donald Westlake, a novelist who inspired me to write books.
WOW how interesting. I wonder how this applies to California?
S/O to his tia lorena for making us both realize :) this should led to great things n.n
Today was the last for the Junior Achievement mentoring class, I had a great time. The kids really enjoyed the info we shared along with a…
Thanks for the follow! Great to be connected.
And don't worry we haven't forgotten about #TeamQinTheCommunity Thurs.Just looking for the perfect #SD people to highlight for our followers
": This fatstyle I jus did >>>>>" Dats all I been on lil bro
sad face 😞
Tweeting in Bedroom
Target's Black Friday commercials terrify me.
Oh sheet (': I feel loved in a creepy way....<3
Watching #True Romance. I love this movie man. It' s sweet and fucked up...the kind of romanticism I appreciate.
spellcheck does not like "Keweenaw"--guess there's a little room for broader enregisterment there, eh?
Ask new members for feedback after they join they club. Encourage them to just talk! You learn so much about what they need.
Beirut...Hide and Seek!, a film that I starred in with an awesome, ensemble cast, has been optioned by a company for distribution in Europe.
I haven't asked him if he likes me yet.... Should I? Advice please.
#stoked to be in an actual recording band! this is
I think our putters cost us some money. Fun day. Glad we could get out again!
I'm hungry as fuck
Debbie Travis: Make your entrance a grand affair - yourhome.ca
i feel like fucking were the bad girls at dats fine asz hell
Since I started using HootSuite, my FB Fan Page started acting weird. Posts not showing, LIKES not showing, etc...
and I are getting a place in Louisville. Yeah son.
Southwest Airlines is down. I was told to wait an hour. Wow.
The first draft of anything is always shit - Ernest Hemingway.
The pinoy fest was fun! Passed up rocked the stage with Drew & their set! Good job guys :)
Finally took a break from my all day Lifetime movie marathon to stuff my face with pizza and ice cream.
yes it is. Sorry I guess I didn't explain that too well.... Middle school only is fully funded by State.
headed to a meaningless suns game, might be on espn behind spurs bench im the tall guy with a bad haircut
A cynicism-ectomy. Would like to see city itself become more consensus-focused. Neighbors shouldn't be enemies.
ooopsss sorry he aint a kid love this boy(:
If you love your #fantasy #epic, help us out and RT indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
2day my dr becomes convinced I look like Ricky Schroeder. Takes to the waiting room to sell his case. WTF. Not sure that's even a compliment
yes i just hope i passed
RT "Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." Mahatma Ghandi (via )
Oh, right. Yes, well.... HEY
I'm intrigued by this cigarette-smoking with someone else' hand story.
Just now came to understand that the Superbowl was today.
Glad to hear that you got tickets to Viva!
It's like tundah
Tuesday Travel: Turnberry Isle Miami Triathlete Program
Leave the MVP of the 2011 Broncos Offence alone. It's because of you that Tebow will never develop.
Don't get mad because your old ass can't drive! Middle finger back at you ASSHOLE!!!!
Your welcome LAL did their part for u!
I will keep you around for the times that i miss you.
They should not have made the first one two hours. It's not helping.
lol it was love
Look at getting all
I can still play on FTP.Might as well grind there since I'll either win money (good) or lose money and have less stuck in limbo to worry on.
I, for one, think you are up to this challenge, Steinar!
Workout time!!! FINALLY GONNA GET RIPPED!!!! 170 BAYBAY!!
Another Year was disappointing, but 140 characters just won't cover it.
enjoy your break, you deserve it
"LOOK JERKY... I DON'T NEED TA TALK TA YOU!!!" RT : Bret Weir?
Yep, and also I'm not too happy to work on my favorite holiday tomorrow
Adam's image for Wyoming now on the site
All the data fits due to the fact that the data is always moving around.
one trick in teaching -- always have your students model sources they are familiar with
Someone please clue me in
right?! & the fact that tons of P's classmates have read them turns my stomach a bit.to think my Elizabeth Banks fandom led me here.
Laying in bed finna leave!
when you get a chance can you hit me up brahh
BAck in NYC on Friday - wassup? You working this weekend?
a good day. Exercised, cooked chili. Maybe some TV later. Netflix has star trek TNG!
Sponsors are delivering their closing remarks now on #COasset Discussing need for federal immigrant reform
not so much. Thinking about writing a songg :p hbu
and dont even get me started on the Jamocha Shake
Marriage equality just passed the NJ Assembly!!! 41-33
Stamp Your Way to Heart Health with our new one-of-a-kind Heart Health Forever Stamp to remind you how to be heart-healthy...
Feels like eternal sleep.... im living a dream
RT : In which I give thanks for the 2012 David Thompson Community Leader Award. I am humbled and...
Yay! I feel special :)
It's a super day when Val Kilmer's assistant sends you her resume.
Good morning twitter stalkers! Isn't that funny and who cares? Some tweet just for you.
Ruslan Vlasov Takes Down Opening Genting Poker Series Stop
I know. -___- its cray he just needs to do a follow,spree.
Hahahaha the No. 1 best thing about no longer having Chris Paul on our team: Unfollowing his brother. Y'all stop ruining it by RTing.
How much you guys wanna bet that the Big Show will interfere in the Johnny vs Cena match. Now that he is fired. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
If you see people rocking around #ROC with lovely, simple, floral henna designs on their hand, you'll know they were at #ImagineRIT today.
Looking forward to meeting our two finalists, and !
It Works! Gives Back, provides opportunities to give, and it encourages the company's distributors to expand their giving!...
thank you! :)
Gorgeous morning to have off!! The sunshine feels so good!!
i hear ya! its sad that my communication with the outside world is thru the pc and cellphone. lol
Tune in at 8! I'll have the latest details on the body of a woman discovered in an empty Brownsville lot.
fucking marry me.
Sales pages get higher conversion rates with video!
Things you don't want to hear your dentist say: "What is that?"
No i understand you :)
I made breakfast for my mom. My dad wanted to cook but I told him to get out of the kitchen. the man who once mistook cumin for cinnamon.
bahaha yes you are :)
Watching some real cool jazzmen - faculty from Mich St U - working it out. Sweet and mellow on WHUT.
What a great day for
Then I should probably watch it. :)
idk who them niggas is round my way but never seen em b4 peeped they was trailing
Soma tonight in San Diego and tomorrow @ The Victorville Event Center with The Higher!!! Hope to see you all there!
try to chant about #craftbeer #pgh #pcbw #pensin7. Those should get a much better response.
It is unethical to break the law, so there should be no example. Unless you confuse ethics w/ utilitarianism like Robin Hood.
hey is briggs how you doing
that sounds great. When's tough mudder?
Tell her to give us a call - 813-788-3969
NJ state sign says "The Garden State" I have yet to see any thing garden!
you're welcome, good poem
Heading out for a photo shoot today with E. Milliner Bridal today!
social media networking media soon - and I am tweeting about it!
Lol A person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons. 1) They want to be you 2) They hate themselves 3) They see you as a threat
Hey #Albuquerque, dine with us tonight & participate in our wine sampling starting at 6pm with spirits from S America & Europe. Cheers!
The gossip girl season finale literally gave me good bumps lbvs
: Hope everythins good man
Hi, Tyrese if you or anyone you know that would be in L.A, this weekend come check out my new artist Xavier T Musgrove Album release concert
what's being done to combat car breakins in SF? 3x in two mos personally; reduces my diet to water and bread. Thx.
I change my twitter name like 20 times already
Q1: yes, but not surprised
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. -, Harry Potter & the Goblet of Fire
BUY MY SODA THEN
Someone please save me 😒 ...
whos getting tatted friday?...
Bring on the sunshine... whoo hoo now I can dress like a tart and noone will mind.
Me: I really can't stay. Bed: But baby, it's cold outside. #EVERYMORNING ;) x
I don't know what the big deal is. Barack is only spending $4 million on his BIRTHDAY BASH this weekend!!! It is going to be off the hook!!!
Traveling w/ this Wednesday to Bilbao via Madrid. I will not get a broken seat this time, right? :)
Home game, #MURFC vs. Northern Michigan, this Saturday at King Field. Come cheer on the Warriors as they take on NMU in the home opener!
And as we approach hour 12, The Other Guys
Great show tonight at Narroway! Always so wound up afterward ~ need 2 settle down and get 2 bed cause it's back 4 another show in the a.m.
Sometimes the people who get kicked off of #AmericasBestDanceCrew end up on #AmericasGotTalent lol
Forget love... I'd rather fall in chocolate.
Bring out 100 Million Roses.
Three people with fanny packs huddled around looking confused. Tourists or Librarians?
Are they just trying to get us warmed up for #smash? Seems like a lot of #thevoice has been very musical theater-ish tonight.
please tell me you remember seeing Kyle being thrown out when we were walking into the bar
Phillip glass's Satyagara is absolutely brilliant. The music, the stage sets and the performance are equally mind-blowing. A must see.
HOLY SHIT, I JUST HEARD BOB KNIGHT SAY KENTUCKY. WTF
I smell like outdoors and hearty smoke. Now I want to go hiking.
Had a fat day today.. Gotta get some willpower soon - its not long until bikini season!
Let's Go by Calvin Harris ft NeYo 😍❤🎶
somebody tell tyga to stop droppin the same song every 3 weeks.
She hurts a lot inside because he doesn't know that she knows way more than what he thinks she does.♥
Playing Kate Capshaw's role in The Temple of Doom
#ILikeThatAlot if a boy was sweet as and if a boy who can treat his girlfriend right (:
JR Smith the truth though...
Tonight at The Canal Club- Searching For Timothy w/ Red Clay Village, The Greater The Risk, Pandomonia Doors @ 7pm
that's good. What u did
Hey Warriors, how is your first week of classes going?!?!?
Congratulations to LDK Capital in Sacramento for finishing their initial Salesforce build. LDK is a company that buys distressed propertie…
More like uku-fail-le, am I right? You're welcome for that one.
Too many Unknowns around me. Stay True and Loyal to myself, because I'm not Guaranteed the same from anyone else.
If being a good dad is a crime..i just wanna let The state Of florida know i been breakin that law since My son was born..
#TheresNoExcuseFor not following us
only good thing is i stood up to my bullies and it made them mad then my whole calss was yelling at me bc no tacher in the room
thanks for following!
I never knew you felt that way? Should I bring jello shots?
thank u lol
#Yee thank you So much ♥
This Top Dollar Pawn Shop commercial tho....
The NEA fall meeting was totally worth getting up at 5:30am on a Saturday to attend, and that's saying something!
that's cool can I cum lol
tonight - fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite - San Diego go!
Night everyone. go read the last tweet I retweeted. XD
creepy and visually fascinating, but I couldn't get into the characters. Worth seeing, though.
They Got Weed, But I Been Dope.
hungry for what?))
The day were in universal there is a shit ton of famous people !
The Union Station bus driver just referred to me as a "young lady." As you may notice, it doesn't take much to make my day.
We are getting some great pics! Send us your Pinkberry Magazine or Mandeville sidewalk chalk art for a chance to win a party!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Have a wonderfully blessed day!
I can dig it. I been doin the exact same thing
swear there fuckin bomb
I named to trim my nose hairs more
I'm 14, and I'm from Florida, wbuuu? :) I look like, ... idk. c: lolol.
You know I'm sleep deprived when writing my acknowledgements makes me teary eyed.
#1317 Your icon is really pretty and your really lucky! <3
Just saw the most amazing fan video. Will post tomorrow for you all. Only about a month until we record new music!
I'm so excited!! They tried to get me to work that Saturday, I was like, NOPE I'M BUSY!!
uhh yeaa. We all kno that because I just eat a lot in general
Website is currently down:( Server issues for the past few days, unsure of when it'll be back up!
Though we talk about catering to non-visitors, rarely meet museum staffer who is like "I love those peeps who never come here!"
I've been doing this same project since 7:30 😒
I personally refuse to mention or even acknowledge any movie I did not act in.
WTF is going on with Lakers
You`re a stupid ass bitch.
More Mannheim Steamroller tickets in minutes - get ready to text the word I announce on-air to 44100! (100th text wins) - Theresa Lucas
good mornaaan #friday :-)
Embraced the Linsanity today at Brooklyn Bowl. He is so good at the basketball!
yes, i seen i never see him lol. (:
Okay, I just hit the editing wall for today. I only lasted 3 hours. I clearly have a case of the Saturdays.
*sigh* Nothing beats a pedicure at the 10 Ten Spa. I was so relaxed, I was sleeping with my mouth open! LOL!
dro girl ate imma inbox u my ten tell her call me
If you ever need to move and have it done fast and efficiently contact Family and Friends Movers (770) 899-8602 ask for Stan.
it worked well on my iPhone, though not my work computer. But I did get it, so thanks for your help.
#accuweather Doing stories today about our colleague Ken Reeves. Please send personal quotes/comments Thanks. Tom L
Very true! Something is always better than nothing!
Happy Easter Everyone!
Yay! I found my halloween costume for next year, on man im watching a State farm commerical and that song from the tv show came on with that
HAPPY SPRING!
The Hudrians don't know what they're planning either! Side? App?
From the starters to the pen, pitching has been a huge diappointment
Just saw a place that was called "Yee's excellent cleaners" it reminded me of #YEE haha(:
People are taking this YOLO thing too literally
. I have loved office supply stores ever since I can remember. Always restraining myself from buying 2 much!
Found out my friend Jayne Rogovin passed away.she had a huge heart! The world is sure gonna miss her! Love u Jayne see u on the other side
do you still tweet and RT your fans?? :)
yea man I'm terrible. People look at me like I'm retarded because I can't hear them.
What Im Bout To Eat.
No I want to get on a jury! This is my first time being called! I know, I'm a dork!
what up buddy! Hope all is well.
We don't think has one with salted caramel yet, but they have our baileys irish cream flavor and honey graham.
Anyone know any new christians songs?
follow her. She follows back.
you could ask nicely, but I know that's not your style. As always, tho, I'll respect your request...
Fifth: Made it to the gym 3/5 times this week! Not as good as last week, but still good. :)
haha its good
Love that channel My24 here in MKE is showing the episode with"Bag of Weed" musical today
lol Lucky you
now Jake is wearing a TapOut jacket.. #lordhelpmenow 😱🔫
Google News Gets Deeper Ties to Google+
nice trick!
wow lol..can't believe he expects us to do all the hw and test in one night, I still haven't got it all done
DC: TWO DAYS AND CHANGE IS COMING. DO THE RIGHT THING! GRAY 2010...
Wish i could have seen and at the airport today :(
Just found out Ian MacKaye turned 50 a few days ago. Don't know if this makes me encouraged (still cool after all these years) or just old.
Thanks ! rt "At Indigo salon for the grand opening with ! One of the most beautiful salons in San Diego!"
Thanks new followers! Just got back to all of you.
Who's this cute ass nigga all over my TL?
I'm immortal baby!
on my way to LA!!!
My best friend didn't even tell me happy birthday .___.
fair enough... She came off super selfish in her confessionals. But- that's a fair assessment. She was EXCELLENT television!
Hey thanks for the heads up, but I like much better.
I could see it...he obviously done well in Philly. Wonder how Astros fans would react to another Phillies/Astros deal?
Actually yes I don't know what I would do if I found the owner of that dog... maybe crap near their front door.
Probably! It's nsf/commercial but it's same WxHxD as a home freezer.
I just ate some yummy hors d'oeuvres @
I know enough about soccer to not like United haha. (that's about it)
I ma guest speaking in Cheryl H-M's class.
Marry what suits u. Just know u won't always be attracted to what suits u.
"How's school? Are you passing? Oh Wth, OF COURSE you passing!" Haha xD duuh. You know me.
We need help booking a tour in early June... anyone know of any venues?? Thanks!!
I was off all week n I dnt do no hw now ill be up all night doin it!!
My class never showed up--that's a first. What do other twitterbrarians do in that situation? Perfect q for
I didn't want to! Maggie's been fanning the flame (point finger)... and keeping me well-informed on all things K-Chu
it's because he has no sense of the situation and just flails his body into multiple set defenders. Been doing it all season.
. Mi llamo Josh
Beautiful morning in Detroit starting with goodies from Mexicantown bakery!
My throat is all itchy. Back to fighting these allergies.
I believe it's Four Loko buddy
Yup. RT : Hard to work out of a slump when nobody has a clue what the ump of the day considers a strike.
That's one of my all-time fav's. Definitely puts a chill when I see a scarecrow in corn field.
She's working hard and making happen...new website coming soon..but for now follow her and check out her fan page on Facebook!
Hey Boo!! Wanna go with me back to S.C? You going next time!
stress is a test, when you overcome it you feel like a beast ;)
I gauge my tailgating drinking on the state of the chiefs d. Scale between natty and grey goose, what should I stock up on?
3momemts winning little league champ in Beloit in 81, gibsons pinch hit hr, pack lions thanksgiving in 86
Got an email last week from the Sox that ticket prices are dropping and they are moving me down a row, should have known it was a ploy
you gotta ghost?!
Whats the blue room?
I had such a great time today knowing what my next songs will be on my CD.
You are missing "gonna be" after 'always'. That might help.
im so in love with the black keys <3
any truth to tweets?
followed (: x
Just bumped into Tiger at the range. Seems confident, said he "likes where his game is right now". He looked good and reeked from pussy
The fuck is oomf, please tell me…
I headed out once the parade ended and the curry rice ran out :-(
not really a question, but if when you tour...you better to come to LA first
I want to get hired at my work
PickUpLine: I'll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
Who wants to text...??
Turn off: Guys with HUGE gadges Ewweeee!!
sure(: followed and thanks for following me <3
I love Sinclair Lewis after ten pages of Babbitt - he could describe those spectacles all day long. Time for Main Street?!
let's see those shades!
im craving for a hot tub sex.. join me
"It's one thing to say we have oversight. But this is just a rubber stamp. If we were really doing our jobs, wouldn't we be making changes?"
We live in America (one of the most racist places on the planet)! This should be of no surprise to any of us!
My Auntie Suzanne called me and made me smile :) Love my Aunts❤
Should they be waiting for ridership to come back to increase svc? I'd prefer increased svc to bring back ridership.
that make 2 of us....GOD knows our hearts!
RT "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife." <--- One day.....she'll be mine
Paper.li is twitter newsletter
RT : April is Child Abuse Prevention Month. Follow #PrioritizeChildren and follow through. Raise awareness. Take action.
something corporate always gets me. Hey you remember that summer we did PR?!?
From Pamplona: Aim so high you'll never be gored.
God definately has his hands over me & my family, I almost got in an accident today the guy would of hit my side too
some #cpd #activists just chillin and catchin up in the midwest sun by the horse like a couple family reunions.
Yay I'm excited to meet Twitter folk IRL!
Still waiting to hear Kerry Wood is hurt. Last year: 21 walks in 51 innings. This year: 11 walks in 8 1/3 innings.
I did, But he still didn't care.
RT : This week, staged 6 protests of FRC's bus tour. We protest ALL who stand in the way of progress.
“Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.”~Winston Churchill
Ooh, would love to see them. RT Excellent wedding at the Prado last night. Pics coming soon.
Can't wait to shut his mouth. But Mayweather is running scared from Pacquiao. He comes out with all kinds of excuses.
I think for many people they're more "active" in trying to learn when they go abroad, making it a richer experience :)
Playground Elite moves to 2-0 on the weekend in the NIKE League with 85-61 win over e1t1. Duane Wilson with 19 and Austin Malone-Mitchell 15
social media & mobile stats that are hard to ignore. Set to cool music, a fascinating 4 minutes. A must see. 2 mill views
Call me maybe is such a cute song
Happy Friday! What are your plans for the weekend my fellow tweeters?!?!
I know for sure I'm doing Miami, Nashville, Dallas, San Francisco and Toronto. I can add Boston!!! :)
#BounceThatAss for Blake Griffin.......hell yea I would lmao ;-P
no problem, couldn't agree more with the list
Our new name is set! and to be announced really soon, tell your friends!
Just back from a late night dog hunt, looking for neighbor's runaway dog. He was checking out the #HStNE nightlife.
I am supposed to be working but i am on twitter. TRUUUUU.
what happened
can i get a shoutout ?
You followed back fast!!!!(;
Funny shit peeps say during sex-Can u take it out so I can take a dump real quick-I did'nt fart it was a queef-can I put the head in,lol!
Progress doesn't = happiness. So, no. We shouldn't necessarily be happier, just smarter. And we're not that much smarter.
is Erick in skyline?im sorry... Im confused
Such a beautiful night! Making dinner, getting ready, and then meeting up with & for some fun!
Check us out. We are Louisville's most authentic selection of Asian foods for catering, home, & restaurants.
I don have it :o
we played some of the best attacking football against Evrtn, only defending was a let down that day.too many changes from that XI
That would have been amazing if Mike Smith scored that empty netter.
#UseTittiesInAMovie Harry Potter and Deathly Titties.
RT If u r excited for SpringBreak!!!!
I Need ALL DJ's That Spin In Strip Clubs to get ASAP!! Special Release Just for the Night Life!! Send me ur Emails
at Need Supply. they're playing the Drive soundtrack. and there's a Ryan Gosling looking employee here. cannot deal right now. cc:
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on.
I'm not sure how that was handled. I e-mailed one of the lead planners, so I'll let you know what I find out.
oh really ;)
You Could Be Happy
two new blog posts to share with you #writers! photo writing prompts for a warm up. come write with me - www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
You had my attention with Fascinating stuff.
At $8 a box, my creation isn't THAT fun. :)
Just visited the worst ever! Stay away from the 76th & Good Hope one. Slow and lazy workers, sloppy sandwich making AND overcharged
thanks for not wimping out
I miss all your faces.
it would be awesome
'cause baby just so you know, everything happens for a reason.
YAY I am your FIRST follower!! ha ha ha
Senior day!!!!
love is strong, never weak.
I'm always down.
Took a couple weeks off from the tables. Back at it tonight, though. Time to get the old folks money.
": I really don't believe you find love on a tv show though.. Just entertainment" Just ask Flavor Flav!
The Company!! My fav. It has gorgeous prose.
awww yay!!! Im so glad you are happy with your products...:) happy easter to u 2!
RT : Giggling cause my nails spell out "Anal Mess".
what! where did u.move to? No wonder we havent seen.u around like usual!
Night everyone
This sucks
Good point. I do love Camden Yards and Ballpark in Arlington,although Pittsburgh's new one is great.
afternoon with my son
I hate have headaches
Do you think the person at ESPN deserved to get fired over the Jeremy Lin headline? I didn't read it that way until all the uproar.
I don't like having to wear sweatpants, cuz all girls look at is my junk, girl, my face is up here!
Maybe i just need a nap.
I can't lie -- that's what I like about you, Karen!
that's very true..❤❤
Thrilled to be starting as an intern at the #Smithsonian Institution Archives in May working at the Center for Folklife & Cultural Heritage
S/o to for standing me up and never showed up to the gym. I got it in anyway. Ha. I blame you Lol
i already am (:
Giants...u guys r killing me!
AWOLNATION is great :)
Yeah they have them like twice a year for 28 days
I am trying to gain some exposure, my products are natural and I have helped many 313-5222307
“: My graduation speech: "I hate you f^ckers, I'm out."”
Indy Charity Boot Camps puts on boot camp classes and 100% of the proceeds go to a local Charity!
How's your family.... at football?
OHmygod. - working tomorrow AM, early? Headed to O'Hare at an ungodly hour :)
: "global vouching peer to peer is what we need to create a global trust framework" for
Hearing rumblings that Peyton Manning might need a second neck surgery.
Kastin likes rap music just like his dad me and his uncles
your #edusocmedia tweet might have led to knew followerers from today ;)
It's a 45 min procedure... So that makes it more than $4,500 an hour. Better be a really good dev!
Heading to D-Land again.
We need some beats and need a producer
I don't even know what to do anymore.
My puppy is excited for the snow. I'm excited for less mud.
Praying for & your ProCamp today. Many blessings on you as you model
Welcome to all my new followers. Thank you
The police have Wall St. blocked with check points and people are having to show corporate ID's to get in... What country is this?
Cooking Off the Cuff: Pedal to the nettles
Excellent! Well have fun! Do some teenage stuff! Enjoy yourself.
Great shoots today with & for !! Mission accomplished. The band is back together.
"I am sofa king, wee Todd dead"
Can I have you numba? Can i? Can I have it?
Good morning everyone :)
Dominating first 45!!
He's turning four (=
Yes. Biggest position of need. They've done something wrong if we don't get at least 2 OL before this draft is over
I Miss
any predictions for the fights tonight?
Happy Birthday to one of my best friends , wish I could be with you all tonight
We dig Detroit! Many of the bands who play there leave stoked! Thanks Detroit!
"The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.~Carl Jung
Good morning world!!!
no big deal!
This game is intense! I need it to wrap up so I can get to dinner...
#iadoptedmypetbecause when I looked into Jersey Boy's eyes at the shelter, I knew we needed each other!
Win your 3-Day passes this hour! #CommercialFree with
Emma on avail for JC Penney national. Fingers crossed!
oh stop. You like it!
Hip hip jorge!!
not exactly sure cuz I dont use meetup. Imo it allows you to see & share all ur schedule. More like
Thanks for the follow, Stuart.
Still feeling kind of crappy...I'm thinking Panera's French Onion soup and then a Chipotle burrito?
Fuckin' up at 7AM on a Sunday to go run 5 miles. Who the fuck AM I anymore?
Don the biggest problem I have here is :)
Broadcasting Boys Lacrosse GMC Finals on MSG VARSITY BABY! St. Joes won last 4 GMC titles Monroe looking for first after winning division
praying cuz i feel im close to the edge....lol..lol.
Tweets on Twitter are tweets to live by
"A little Harder first david adams track to be played on US radio, more info coming.
Please,please don't leave me.
don't know if you heard... RIP Ronnie Montrose.
Don't forget, the Jingle Bell Run is tomorrow bright and early at 8am :) Hope to see you there
Long week still to go. Christmas is on the way:) VERY excited. Stretching the vocal chords to sing:) lalala
Good morning Love bugs and Teddy bears :)
when he tweets someone I dont see it cause Im not always on twitter. Ill be on more though if I can get him to talk to me.;)
Love the people God gave you because he will need them back one day
I will beast you! Here, Here sir!
watched #27dresses for the first time today. One of my new favorite chick flicks! :D
Seriously can we give the browns any more help? 2 fumbles and out? The Browns are truly awful
auditions, close, then open, then audition, then the movies with maurice! LONG 2 days
awesome performance ! you really do "shred" like ceelo said
Here! Haha we like doing a lot of unique sushi rolls you may not expect.
Or maybe that many of "science" types were scheduled in other sessions and couldn't attend.
yes sir China does not play on breaking commitments that's why they are so on point ! Honor is everything! They come back after.
i love my family. i cant imagine my life without most of them
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people who think they are better than everyone else.
Call me what you want but never call me late to dinner
It's not actually called that ;) Good title though. . . I would watch a movie like that. . . Mockumentary- improvised.
That Zaxbys Salad Though Hit The Spot
Catching up on
If you want to know a websites marketing strategy or wish list - Just look at the <meta name="description & keywords" in the source code.
Glad we could share! RT : I hope to attend 2012!! Thanks for the tweets, I felt inspired by what was shared. :)
Will the pack pull Clifton next week if he is rusty?
Peace + Tea = Amazing
I expect that as well, too. They just need to not be cute in the draft and take Beal.
One last word bebore i get off is NIALL IS BEAUTIFUL #NiallIsBeautiful and im
Christ! Tell me if that tastes as delicious as it appears... Or, is it even better; C'mon, throw my sweet-tooth a bone :)
This stupid bitch in my class is so rude.
Top Natural Breast Enhancement Products Review? Beliebers Are Unstoppable
Top of the Mornin to ya
On the hunt for artistic cutout leather leggings!
hi friends
1) i envy you again 2) all of them had 3rd person...check the options...they cant take that away from me
Making a case for art in the 22nd
WTF Im So Bored
Tomatoes come from the ground and the ground has animal poop. Doug - 1 Joanna - 0
the world may never know (x
drive a boat?...I'd sink ur battleship!!! Lol ;D
Your welcome. I am at my follow limit. Will follow back as soon as I am able.
What happened to a skating party? :P
I just put one on my head. On the bus.
Superbowl Sunday... who ya going for?
I thought about wearing mine, but wasn't sure I wanted to be THAT guy.
If we're talking in terms of compromises, I'm not sure that's a compromise I'm willing to make.
i just wanted to let you know that you will forever be my favorite you are amazing omg.
Just finished editing a vid w/ Courtney brown 8( ugh!!! So hard!!!
go chiefs! Hanie is pretty cute btw.
gone head witchu yo bad self... send me a link I wanna check it out
I'm getting better. My play will tell what lead to it. I can't move backward, only forward
Had a blast with the pup at Sandcastle!!
loyalty is a lost characteristic (both ways). I answer to the man in the mirror, he holds me & others to a higher standard.
i gave my best it wasn't enough .
I guess.... But then again look at both Peyton and Elway.. Longer than 3 and won Super Bowl towards the end of their carriers
Thank you!
plz follow me i love u cody
'! RT : They're going to tell you to aim low, only look out for your lowest self, submit and surrender to an empty life.
#pencilchat is hilarious. Do a search and check it out.
nice photo! Change of pace from usual city commute.
4-11-12 | celebrates her birthday for #HighSociety Wednesdays. Message me for table info.
Interested in applying for Spring 2012 on-campus housing? The priority deadline is tomorrow, Dec. 9th! Call 212-998-4600 with questions!
Take a look at voices.com and voice123.com This should help.
Crazy co-worker returned from vacation cruise. Office is now decorated with WAY more Caribbean cat statues than necessary.
These are very good arguments ! Perhaps agrees? SU Yankee Day will still be fun though- get your tix! :)
So loving this Game of Thrones case study for immersive story-world of Campfire smells, food, real-world events with ARG
Hair Tip: For color/relaxed hair, alternate between Hydration Treatments and Protein Treatments
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!!
Do me a favor and stop following me. I want nothing to do with you or your immature tweets. Thanks.
Happy New Year Everyone!!!
This is 's sister, btw
haHa ha Ha (not telling)
- Let's Go Yanks!!
yeah okay...
KMSL. I love and watching
Love know what effect (if any) #OWS movement had in skewing the bottom line (tangible or otherwise). #BankTransferDay was no joke.
Here's To Everyone Thats Sleeping Alone Tonight .
Happy Monday Tweeters! Hope the weekend treated you well, stop in on the way home and do some Swirling!! YUM :-)
They may be firing Terrance & rosci soon... Shit I'll be a journalism graduate in a few months I'll take their job lol
I won't give up, on us. Even when the skies get rough, I'm giving you all my love. Still lookin up <3 -jason maraz
dry as an old pussy
We bow down to great #indie music but we also bow down to polka music.
Sorry, I missed the game, but definitely glad to see you are better and back in the lineup!
On the road again this afternoon. Anyone in the Bardstown area is welcome to come to tonight's meet n' greet at 112 Beechwold Place.
You can look for apartments here!
it always has been
R.I.P #amywinehouse!! ):
Making project assignments not at
The moment where you do a cartwheel and when you are standing again, accidentally slap someone in the face..
You don't want to be 'that' person. Take it from a momma who preaches to her kids all day, every day, lol. :D
hell yeah girl!!! Have a little celebration and then set a new goal! Run a 5k? Do 20 good push ups? Lose XX pounds by Memorial Day?
I mean it's not BAD but it's really not in the running for places I'd most like to live in the Midwest.
Wisconsin, too
One hour until showtime!
Today the DandC had a cover story on low level pro wrestling. Now an article about gangster rap. I thought they shut down The Insider.
From then on, when I was going somewhere, I was RUNNANG!
“: Shaq all star comedy jam!!!” they should have Shaq , Kenny, Reggie, Charles and Kevin Hart haha
come to the MID!!
thanks for following me guys.
Half-way through the day and so far no unexploded ordinances
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day. I've got a beautiful feeling, everything's going my way!
aww why? :( RT i was #ForeverAlone at practice without :"( ... should know t-.-
This week went by so freaking fast ...
Any fun stops along the way? That's quite the hike!
Words cannot describe #BOYFRIENDmusicVideo its just too flawless♥♥♥ fricking hot
Im goin 2 be yellin @ Kris Dumphries all night at the Nets game. I want to make sure he knows how dumb the guy in the 17th row thinks he is!
Jim Freir can still nick this one. It's the Official Joe McGuill's to lose though.
Waiting for to come on. I've been waiting for this for ever.
LOL no its a statue haha :P
Nice to meet you Mike! Can you plz DM me your email so I can describe some use cases?
Suddenly I'm not half the woman I used to be at Whole Foods
And with #Kzoo2012 on my mind, I suppose I should write my paper for that.
hahaha..go to sleep...I just got u a new mixer upstairs. Be kind.
Thanks for the RTs and #FFs! and
The awkward moment when I spend 5 hours online shopping and only end up getting 3 things
Flying on another airline really makes you appreciate the space on
Merry Xmas!
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
just now leaving work, so much better
Off to bed. Wish me LUCK with my #Endoscopy 's from both ends tomorrow.
I need to be up by 7am tomorrow. Please call me if I'm not. Thanks.
"Show me how to love, show me where to start #activatemyheart" #Nataliakills!! FUCKING LOVE HERR!!!!
She already met him once! It's bizarre. Some of us deserve a little chance.
Damn! Hell yeah!
so is he now tied with Travis Ishikawa?
I want to break free
I've been so heads down in meetings the last week, I'm out of the loop! Haven't seen 's post...off 2 check it out!
Whatever you do, don't hit a bus!
small price to pay for Julie love!
SOMEBODY'S got jungle feeeeevah! Hahahaha
plus our fabulous exhibitors!
Umm what government department do I complain to about loosing 1 hour of my weekend?! Ive been robbed and I want justice!
and a body double was also used apparently for some of the scenes - as well as makeup!
It's very exciting for me to be here to hear and meet bassist Michael Manring who was with late great Michael Hedges during Windham Hill yrs
Most great artist don't fall off they just get uninspired...
This week is totally amazing... but for once, I wish it wasn't Friday!
“: That awkward moment when you finish a math problems and your answer isn't even one of the choices.”
nice! Taste the waste
Happy Birthday !!
Iv ben asleep for more than 12 hours now
We're so excited! Flight lands at 8:30PM tomorrow - there won't be a problem checking in late, will there?
thanks for the rapid responses to the beats we will send you the finish recording soon..follow back
Republicans are a joke.
Research day for our Cloning Hearing set to begin on Feb 15.
Txt Me
im a girl and idk how we started talking thru facebook... And you told me to follow you on twitter :)
How dare you bring your baby on the train!! #ShutUp!!!!!!!!!
We already miss #UTSA Football!
Well, then maybe you need to adopt a more useful cat. I have a few extras.
of mice and men?
awesome game guys we couldn't of done without each other. It's awesome to play on a team with y'all. Thanks
You that cutie from the park wurd? :)
I guess ha ha
Need to have a come to Jesus meeting in the locker room urrrr or something like that.
Okay people on my way to Irvine get ready here I come
You have a charming fake personality.
I say go and pop that pussy for a real nigga
HAHAHA ALRIGHT. YOU SAY WHEN.
Its a New Year..... Let's do this
Anyhow I'm stupid and should have bought it and nit give him "gas money".
This sucks:( oh well
with my niece, watching the game.
No it is semipermanent.
it's not over- I still think there's a chance!!!
hahaha yes I am!! And I hopeful have a "happy Justin Bieber's birthday!!"
Our Lefse now comes with different toppings if you so desire. Strawberry, Blueberry, Nutnella & Bananas!
Fire in St. Paul this morning - neighbors help rescue kids.. See a report in just minutes on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING.
Manifest a Bright Future but remember to wear sunglasses because it is going to be "Bright"!
"hey, I'm Stan.."- me "and I'm a ratchetass bitch" - Courtney LOLOLOLOLOL <3
Some things don't take deep analysis.
If there were a MLB broadcaster toilet bowl tournament, Joe Block and Davey Nelson would be a one seed...
hm.....interesting
Please follow back
David Ortiz is just unfair against lefties right now. Unfair. Boom
"Don't you wanna stay here a little while" - Buffets, to Kelly Clarkson.
i got my nails donee all pretty. (:
Clearly, there was once a dangerous alternative to Safeway.
thanks for posting the Tebowing song! Ha. I passed it along to my peeps in Denver.
if Jelena broke up then i'd be happy and sad at the same time....
Retweet for . . . Not reason just retweet bitch (;
Penn State should burn in hell. And to all of you bleeding hearts'' These fucker's molested kid's'' My God where and when will it stop''
twitvid.com/RZVXZ - What? Get payed for Texting? has the story on Tonight @ 11 VIDEO
Just saw the cutest twin baby girls at the mall!! Wonder if they were identical??!!
Anybody need savin?
Ohio-based fight promotion NAAFS and Crossfire Media Group agree to terms on PR pact
What does Just Desserts mean to you? Just _ _ _ __? You fill it in!
Hello! Long time no chat! I've been out of town, hope everyone's weekend went well. No new etsy listings, but will have some soon!
Headed to WH event on #smartdisclosure; should be great
Breathe Deep Deerfield lung cancer fundraiser planned for May 6
👏RT : No regrets... Just lessons learned.
#MyFavoriteMovie Fight Club, American Beauty and so many others
☺💙💜💚❤ since we don't drive I'll hot wire a car and drive us :)
#ifihad1wish I would wish for to follow me.(:
What Motivates You To Lose Weight and Get Fit?
i could care less that lawson went to UNC. honestly. he could've gone to any school and i'm happen to have him on my team.
Seeing all the benches taken out of georgetown makes me think we had something to do with it
Well its about that time... #KushUps will make this nite an easy 1, 2 fingers up & AshSten James iz out!
When Torii Hunter says wow to Raul Ibanez
How long is the avg. Insanity workout? My biggest issue with P90X was that it was so time consuming...
You bounced without saying bye to me?!? I'm heartbroken
Would that you had come to Charlotte on your USA tour...which was brilliant, of course, as all your work. DNC maybe?
just two more weeks and I will be home for three whole months!
yo joe are you going to see coat hangers tonite?
i love the work dats been goin down in 914 da talent is serious...klick city showcase gunna be live
I am in cali....i do travel to florida often..
waiting for the rain
STARBUCKS has announced it will stop using a natural colouring made from crushed beetles.
Fort Lauderdale #AirShow this weekend. Planes are zipping overhead as they practice.
“: is so flipping annoying” I hate you
The act of being loyal and the art of loyalty is truly undermined by the lack of education and street knowledge...
anytime you need a one night get-a-way to the beach, just let me know! Pool, Jacuzzi, men playing volleyball.
in the spirit of Frey, isn't the right thing to do to complain about aspects of his work without having read him?
The mere mention of Koji's name gives me heart palpitations
Wooohooo. Next up game 4 tomorrow,,,,& gettin' thru the week. Plus the business trip. And then class on Tues. "lord help me" :P
dont forget the money !!!
dont think y'all cnt come back in win 2 games! Cause y'all cn! Y'all did it all ths season y giv up now! Fuck wht others think
I wish I remembered all my drunken anger, I swear it's daily
having a "cleaning" vacation for the next four days= not really a vacation
With Brendon nd his older sister :D
Why oh why did I take the 295?
“You look tired” is just a polite way to tell someone they look like sh*t.
Oh my... This game is going to be wicked!!! Come on UNITED!!! #FUCity ;)
"You get what you put in, and people get what they deserve"
OMG YES!!!! About time! :) #ZARAShopOnline September 7 via
Happy hearts day!! :))
I ended a relationship May 1st..Does the fall under the eclipse? Is it possible to reconcile under the eclipse?
hahahaha!! I should've done that too!! So much fun last night!
introing the Challenger Learning Centers and inspiring work of the student "micronauts"
Listening to music, like always(: how about you??
hopefully see you guys on the headliner in the winter time :)) HOUSTON MISSES YOU!
The Big Chee Show on ESPN 1300 is taking you into the weekend at 5PM. We'll be talking draft and the local lacrosse scene with
Stressin.... People let me Down my whole life I need to get used to it and roll with the punches
<3 RT : Often think of this line: "Is man no more than this? Consider him well." ~King Lear
no more stop thru's need to call 1st and check in. And we moved. All corporate all day now
WFTV Florida reporting the FBI seeking evidence for a possible federal hate crime against George Zimmerman. He could face the death penalty.
Just recognized O Soave Fanciulla from La Bohème on Star Trek Voyager. Which is nerdier -- recognizing the song, or watching the show?
Heard of the bk. Just didn't realize the movie was going to happen!
Know of any? I've got 4 days here!
my professor is talking and talking I'm bout to act like she reading me a bed time story and go to sleep
#EmailMarketing Tip 14: TEST! Do A/B split tests constantly. Subject lines, offers, text-only vs images, call-to-action, day-part, etc.
Everybody dies -_- RT : I feel like Men in Black I won't be as good as the first two for some reason.
? Thanks, didn't know I was?
Very interesting news. Good to see young people connecting and working together for awareness .
Quentin Crisp~ Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level.
under the deadline fires today. Just dropping by to say good morning. Hope everyone has a productive day.
How are other libraries circulating e-book readers (i.e. kindle, knook, sony, etc.) and is it successful? Someone donated one to us.
with that whipper you can also infuse alcohol with your choice of flavoring in 30 seconds or so...
oh em gee, follow me 
I'm On My Phone,Yay,I Got Internet Back!!!
What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!
Dipshit Shows These Days,
What would you think if I could make some Table Top logo card sleeves?
You dont need #reasonstofollowLiam he is Daddy Directioner, that should be enough
💘 RT : By the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace toward me was not in vain.
My poor ears!!
Retweeted your article several times, and posted it to my profile & women's, anti-bullying, & christian groups in LinkedIn! :-)
I'm introducing people left and right to the Doritos tacos thing at taco bell like crazy
These allnighter deals don't work so well for me, yet I continue to do them. #whenwillilearn? Oh well, 2 tests away from SPRING BREAK!
i wanna take a nap,
it was great seeing you my love, wish it was for longer :/ these weeks will fly by and ill be with you again! :) I <3 U
Swartz Creek, Grand Blanc and Mount Pleasant. I'm here until Friday May 11... Let's try to get together before I head back to Va!
this show is so fake. The relationships never work out lmao
I watched that last week for the first time in years. It's one of my all time favorite movies. :)
good points, I just think Big East BBall only schools need to do something creative to make it work. If not, they r in trouble
hell yeah dope! Yeah this track fittin to smash G!!
The beauty of empowering others is that your own power is not diminished in the process. Barbara Coloroso
Dude please tweet this 9 year old boy named Ethan he has days are numbered dying from cancer! Please make#PrayforEthan a trend
Love ain't always a party...
Here we go bruins!
Got a reminder msg from about a race I don't recall entering. Guess I'm running a 10k on Saturday.
"And I'm not certain, I think my father's Lavar Burton. Til I'm walkin and circles and talkin in third person."
I hate math with a freaking passion
C'MON, JAC. YOU'RE SO CLOSE.
I just have to say, warped tour was amazing. If it hasnt come to your area yet, plan on going. you wont regret it. <3
I think #SugarshaneMosley should bow out gracefully after this...
"Adventures of a Late-night Reference Desk Jockey," Episode 5: in which our hero shows half the undergrad population how to use the scanner.
I just skipped breakfast for Twitter. I don't think this is a good sign...
Yea...im still awake...
I know this is horrible, but I wish Josh would go home. I'm SO OVER HIM. But there's no way that's happenin'.
Rockers born today include Cindy Wilson of #TheB-52s (55) and Brian Jones of #TheRollingStones (would've been 70)..Happy Bday to all Rockers
I wish I could kill a few people in LA who stood in my way, legally. If only life was fair&I could see there blood run all over the ground.
+ all pink star bursts “: A foot rub + reeses would be bomb right now!”
o.o
NP Sonic Drive In Yakima WA is using 4 text messaging & mobile payment to increase engagements & transactions !
Our clients in Northern New Mexico are having stellar ski seasons! The weekend is approaching! Time to hit those slopes!
SAYYID! I miss youu. long lost bestfriennnd
I don't boycott. I think its ineffective. I just wonder where the outrage is? Love your comedy, hate the cheap shots. :)
#GetOuttaHere if your a Rangers fan.
Everyone watching live streaming just saw your look of extreme confusion. I laughed out loud. At my desk at work. Thanks.
Enter the "I really want my Beautyrest mattress" contest - starting next week. Last year a Denver resident won. Who's next?
I Gotta Say My GoodBye's Thoo .
FML, I should've went to sleep. I'll be such a bitch in a couple hours...
- conf dates are planned years in advance, but worked hard to move dates around. See you in Fort Worth April 24-27
I wanna be and im gunna be !
Stop by Pita Paradise Cafe & earn 15% #cashback on your first purchase! All thanks to !
careful not to trip over all those names you're dropping ;)
Previous tweet should've been
lmao I gotta hit u up real quick
no more finals
A man on the bus right now resembles young rdj but this guy is older. Flipping a shit.
"now errbody know that a dip is a sideline"
A stumble may prevent a fall. ~ English Proverb
Ooohoo. Kimmel pokes some fun at Occupy. Remember kids, you laugh at the Christie jokes, you gotta laugh at yourselves too.
ya possibly. Or go to mortenson and call up a reliever. That puzzled me why they didn't call anyone up.
I do RT : Spent a scintillating evening with who got tight. Began learning about #rugby culture. Who likes warm beer?
Its okay, I understand. She's skinnier. She's funnier. She's prettier. DON'T WORRY. I wouldn't choose me either.
I've mentioned to friends/family about Walmarts policies and they don 't care, they just want their goods cheap.
I don't wanna be alone forever but for the time being I'm
We're at the maple leaf tonight! Kick off summer right! 11pm.
Thanks for stopping by, Cody! RT I checked in at Southport Lanes & Billiards (3325 N Southport Ave)
what ever happened to the andy milonakis show??
Still have to keep telling myself...Mavs won the CHAMPIONSHIP!! The new pic is a reminded :)
Proud to announce a portion of all Hey, Hot Stems! proceeds will go to Love this organization and what its about!
“: At least I know that my field is within the fashion industry.” same here in that I know something In Fashion moves me 💘
Thanks you for following the Pancreatic Action Network Milwaukee Affiliate!
I'm not da best singer but my fb fans requested it so yeah :)
"what Disney Princess is your favorite?"....morgan-- "girl ALL of them?? So what does that mean?" Lol...love you honey!! ;-)
Damn straight! I want my push button dinner dispenser. And Rosie.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common-sense could manage successfully.
Hi, I was one of your stupid southern followers, whose husband served our nation in the military.
Old poloroid - Yeah me too. I think the signature Polaroid paper is still being manufactured?
ill be back on later ima go eat
shake it out, shake it out, shake it out, shake it out..
D: why you sad btw tell that I need jojo fringers still(: please?(:
Thanks. Will do.
yep, now I have about 48 hours before I'm back in another airport haha
imma like.. eat my whole house. lol i'm so hungry.. lolololol
oops sorry! I got caught up in the moment!
Bill Clinton probably couldn't be secretary of state, too close to the line of succession. But what about Senator Clinton?
I heart Weeks.
no one asked you for your goddamn opinion mr. pro active
Thursday is awesome actually. We're in town. Whole family is coming to visit. I took off friday and Tuesday
#Grimm is some sadistic shit! most innovative show I've seen on network TV, since #UglytBetty!
My baby cousin was crying, so I put on an and video. He stopped instantly.(:
When did "the fact of the matter" become a magic phrase making absurd RW lies somehow "factual"? Ron Christie on my TV.
Why vote for this pathetic measure? You are a real hero to me - this almost kills me!
legislators are ultimately totally aware they need to rep. their constituents. Their ability to parse voices hampered.
#THINGSTHATFRUSTRATEME BEING OVERLOOKED
If i could write you a song and make you fall in love.
Haha RT : *in the "Dude, Where's My Car?" banter* DUDE! SWEET!You're a rockstar now
Damn you pawat, for introducing me to Geodefense!
I think I could have scored in that position. Well, maybe not, but for professionals, that's ghastly.
LoveVoodoo Fest is over... Counting down for Goddess Week in March!!!
I feel so accomplished, and I didn't even do anything big yet!
agreed! “: Just when I thought I couldn't hate the #Heat any more, they go into complete punk mode here in the 4th. Go ”
Sic em Bears. K. Wright to the Titans. Must be the first time Baylor had two first round picks.
My 5 year old cousin stood up in church today and screamed "I LOVE " .........
it's funny how heterosexual ppl dont wanna support #gaymarriage but they are the ones producing "gay" babies haha..just get over it
Q16 Absolutely - could be good to recommend to my clients!
Dear Cody Robert Simpson, please stop killing me with your charms. Sincerely, two million Simpsonizers.
Braun?!?!? Seriously, #Brewers going straight into the toilet this next season. Disappointing.
Alright let me knw
Miami needs to trade Chris Bosh next season!
hey boy let me tlk to u haha
Waiting for Taylor Mac to make a fabulous entrance!
Who would like us to do a series on our youtube of our CEO gaming on BF3? "Gaming with IRGRL and her popular friends that are cool"
Wow that Bengals summersault touchdown was amazing ! Should count for the extra point right there.
haha that show is so amazing
what u got goin on.
All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire.
dude you're a boxer with 2 percent body fat I'm not gonna comment on that
NOTION3 Expansion Sounds Now Available! Individual instruments sets can be purchased for as low as $14.99 at www.notionmusic.com.
It's O.K. to laugh during sex ... just don't point !
I have written 15 pages of serious thinking about math day. My brain is wiped.
gonna go to freidns house lol always remember never forget to leave the toilet seat down
One of these days I will learn how to relax & not work so much. :) Off work from my day job, now time to work on pro-bono work.
Major Crash: 805 North before 52. Overturned vehicle. 3 lanes blocked. HUGE backup! Major delays. (Tune in - NBC 7 News Chopper is over it.)
We love to see you check in! Come back soon!
The Mother's Day Sale starts tomorrow! All bags and purses will be 25% off :D
nm just listening to depressing music for no reason wbu?
Looks more like 'magnum' - seems like all of you are trained in modeling! Walk-off at 's #ITCmeetup?
RT McMini/subway diet has to stop.
Very proud to be a member of
grasshopper joke made me snort - loudly!
Welcome to my newest upgraded member Zeeshan Perzan
And he's asleep! I wonder how he falls asleep so fast?! :D oh well gotz to lovez him :D
ouch. Z just said earlier this week that she wanted to visit Cassie, but this (and, you know, the 9000 miles) means we might wait
Were making a video for Zayn Maliks birthday so tweet us your birthday wishes for him (:
#flx If you're #lacrosse game tonight vs #fairoprt tweet the score to keep us all updated. Hashtag #pylax. good luck mustangs!
Guy in Seattle playing Rocky Top on the banjo. Go Vols
Tomorrow includes a menu project and a 10 mile run. Start each day fresh and enjoy the ride.
Had a great time/shoot on the beach today with Rachel Allyn, only wish the sun had joined us. Pics up soon.
I love it!
Hola from one #socialmedia marketer to another! We have a mutual friend - Noelle K. :)
I feel like a Dumb ass without it /:
Stoning Mary to tour with AIC and the Stooges!!!!!! wow, figured it would take something like April 1st to make that happen!
Thanks for trying, but I bet neither you nor your sister are socially awkward.
Looking for a contractor to install the 5 murals along the business district. Does anyone know of someone that could recommend? Thanks!
How does that lemon ( #LFC) taste now John Does it taste bitter yet ?
Had a great time with the bruhs last night at #hardrock. S/0 to Fall 10 lol!
#ThingsThatUsedToBeCool tucking the front of your pants inside to show off the tongues of your shoes lol it was terrible
Where is the Subculture launch tonight?
Cute guy in Canyon wearing a TJ Oshie shirt? DAY MADE!
2 way love affair...♥
ok...and I see those on the phone...so I guess thats where I'll be checking lol...I feel so old and not in the know...
So I saw. Hang in there and keep fighting!
Just got home, playoffs are on and I'm assuming is on the edge of his seat.
a girl called me a slut and shit cause I didn't like a lil Wayne song. Lol its like people cant have opinions these days !
Not my way but Yahweh.
was he really going to give a paltry $2 tip?!? That's ridiculous.
follow 80/20 rule: 80% good and 20% delicious. Now you have made me hungry
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
Sometimes I wish I were a part time economist with matter of fact answers.
I thought it was just me. That show is painful to watch. LBVS
What I wouldn't do for a sticker. Jealous of my friends at
haha tiller today
You are still my princess, but shouldn't I at least be treated like a prince for all I've done for you?
let me see your phone, cuz all these b*tches ratchet.
If want to start farmers market need $5000+ permit; and vendors think chips, not produce will sell. Make healthy food the default.
The one thing that bothered me about The Avengers- Loki, the bad guy, looks like PeeWee Herman. Not intimidating AT ALL.
Mayhem fest is bringing a storm to Cincinnati!
Now Booking Photo Shoots!!! Please DM For Questions And Rates...
Butch: Will you hand me a towel, miss beautiful tulip? Fabienne: Ah, I like that. I like tulip. Tulip is much better than mongoloid.
On March 24, 1834, the Bank of Maryland declared bankruptcy and closed for business. Accusations of fraud would follow.
Con la bomba sexual de y
RT : I leaped. Sprained my ankle. Doc says I need 48 months to heal.
I think they're overpriced
My goal tonight to have the TV off right as Nantz delivers his schmaltzy line. Think of it as my pale imitation of
saturday? I wanna get mines too
#np - Catch A Bad One
When your talking in class and the teacher picks on you its like "umm hello there's a reason why I don't have my hand up"!
Are we talking Harold's Chicken? ;-)
they really need to take care with their forays into evolutionary sociology
Dive wears !
First tweet! What else to say besides check out the website and get ready for some upcoming furniture repair pictures and tips!
Council passes the 2012 budget for Cleveland.
can't wait to start writing the date incorrectly and thinking of not-so-cliche #nye tweets.
You are good audience. Thanks.
RT Tonight tho... #REDNO5 <-damn sis let me hold something, you oh so major! You got a party everyday of the week!!!
Any other #SUinNYC alums a tad bit jealous of all the students who will be enjoying #MayFest today?
your biggest "trophy" kill hunting?
Consider coupling it with a marketing tool 2effectivelyTake ur msg2The Mass Mrkt not just drive2site go2: www.Video-TV-Email.com
man,take ur time 2 get right.we need u more down the stretch
dead serious
Very good example of how nation-based structure affects movements of players in cricket's labor market
Anyone looking to record!?I got one of the best studios in Buffalo, NY! Great room, great gear and great rates! And now with a studio b!!
thanks for the article and tweet!
did it come in a package or envelope?
“: just confirmed - Grupo Fantasma co-headlining with Y La Bamba - Sat. July 7 - on sale Sunday!”
Just took my contact lenses out without finding my glasses first. Now I can't see. T.Y.P.I.C.A.L
#NowPlaying Marilyn Manson - If I Was Your Vampire
aww lucky!! How did u get him to follow u?? I have tried a few times with no luck:(
I wonder if the Burger King and Dairy Queen are fair leaders, or unjust tyrants.
Thanks for being my second follower! (Twitter makes it sound like I'm running an up-and-coming cult.)
I don't say much. .... I just ice-cream sandwiches.
Taking to a winner's backyard in St. Pete tonight for a BBQ!! Gonna be sick.
As a Valentine's Day treat, take $1.00 off any coffee or candy purchase at Millie's today when you check in on Foursquare!
not yet. I have the front done. I still need to get the batting and the back fabric. I work Tues,Thurs,Fri and Sat this week.
just stop.
“: I wonder if #Braun and #Rodgers will ever open a business together? Now that would be cool!” that'd be amazing
Have a great night everyone..Come back tomorrow for Heavy Handed Sundays and get your eighth weighed to four grams!
meet me in the middle oh oh oh oh oh ohh
great thanks for asking!
smh im killing my nephew in Call Of Duty!
bring me Some lol
Life is full of a lot of surprises! But hey everything happens for a reason, life goes on
standing next to joan rivers
I love black AND white people. 😏
Derrick "MVP" Rose is clown'n on the Heat...Love it!!
« Getting your back scratched when your cuddling >>>»
Disco party fundraiser next Sat. (5-14) at to benefit the ATGC! $10 cover, 1/2 off if you bring in an item for our pantry.
best sapling press card ever!!!
text me your address ill try getting one boxed up today!
i don't know what it means either, but i don't think it's fuck 4 fuck. i'm thinking follow for follow maybe
wrists hurt like.......im not going to go there.
I'm seriously thinking there is something going on with my Thyroid.... all of the symptoms are there and it has my worried =/
"Damn the Torpedoes, Full Steam Ahead." - Admiral David Farragut, 1864
70s today and possibly 80s tmrw! Thank the lord. I need some sun!
That Moment when you see that person that use to bully you and they gained a ton of weight you're just like "Karma's a b**ch"
Just waking up damn. I can't wait till south padre.
“: So how are you today?”- I'm good.. Wasn't even tipsy/drunk. You?
UMC press conference information...one child was shot in the Tucson shooting and died at UMC. Child was 9 years old.
Nice to see a full house today! Everyone's back to work.
RT: : Amazing run in Chicago so beautiful :)
What happened to realtime arrival info? For past few weeks, app/SMS only shows scheduled arrivals.
summer concerts>
we'd love to have you stop in! Check out our artist portfolios at kustomthrills.com... Thanks for the recommendation!
The NBA needs its golden boys from NYC in the playoffs. Time to ruin that shit. Let's roll Milwaukee!
Coders gonna code. Why not invent a new language? It doesn't have to work. It just needs to prove a point.
they sure the flucck did! DMV was in that thang!
Peach pie in the oven, Nigella Lawson's no bake cheesecake (who knew this could be done without a jello mix?) in the fridge. BBQ ready!
thought you were gonna look nice today ..
ROTFL ill b ready
“: Is it too late to get Jeremy Lin in the All-Star game? Write-in campaign?”. That's what you're worried about? Really?
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: a pair of see-through linen pants, a thunderstorm, what should have been a nice walk in the park with dad
What's the worst thing that can happen before a major grad project is due? Your laptop screen cracks...
Sadly, not much new which is part of why I'm in re-eval mode also. What's new with you? Still head over heals w/MKE?
S/o to the guy thats letting his tiny wanna be dog sh-- in my lawn💩. I appreciate the fertilizer BRO! 😏
Forecast for Tuesday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 68 to...
Hi Kris! Enjoyed your panel discussion and meeting you at DBC!
RT : Want a reservation on a Friday or Saturday? has 'em. RT with your must-eat menu item to win
double tap home btn when locked.
- yes, many scholars are making their old articles from out-of-print journals available on their personal web sites.
is anyone left at 30 Rock and Building 25?
Indeed. Nearly every article I find about the bassoon in newspapers has some gross error or bizarre wording like that, sadly.
Everything can contain beauty but beauty isn't everything :)
Thanks Erin for following us xoxo
Shut up
Javele McGee act like he get game balls very often, throwing it away like that.. smh he should've put that in his trophy case.lol
Time for a bit of band practice!
A night of merriment beer and videogames with one this evening. Now I just need to be incredibly productive until then.
do you wear a headband every practice and if so, why not in the game? Great job last night
"Winning starts with beginning."--Anonymous
& tried to kidnap me, someone call the cops. Lol
I am on that tip !
Taking in blogging (gasp!, I know) webinar from writer + assoc.editor of media,
what blow
at this rate I would love if Rogelio became un-paralyzed and she stayed with him! Gustavo is an angry crybaby!
Thanks for the follow! We are having a Tech Meetup later in the summer, would you be interested in speaking?
looking forward to our meeting today - hope passport queues are modest!
Good morning! Is it me or are the allergies this year kicking ur ass?!?!
If only it were fatal...
all set for Smackdown !!
I am always hungry!
who wouldn't?
I'm just finishing up a blog post that explains the very naughty thing I did last week! ;-)
Twitter highlight of my weekend? Getting followed by !
Happy Labor Day and welcome new followers! What is your beer of choice on this lazy day? I'm going for some IPA... -Sean
cause i was stupid and Im sorry.
last smoke of the evening, followed shortly by my last drink of heineken, followed by a much-needed passing-the-fuck-out.
#OWIF: I asked what it means to be a Flibertarian. "We don't trust in government intrusions like roads, streetlights, or fluoride."
Hope everyone made it safe through the power outage...our doors are back open and ready for all you Farmers to come by and say Hi!
hey miranda how are you ?
Hahahaha. :D <333 You are so lucky. (:
if not, you're in for a treat tomorrow!!! It's one of the best of the season.
but. We aren't going out YET. hahaha(:
well were you the dragon?
Shut up guy!
'We Three Teas' tea gift basket is the best seller this season, 3 holiday tea blends & tea measuring spoon $29.99 tealovergiftbaskets.com
Back on the set, mike k's personal shuttle now. MKE ngnm german town.
Haha... I know you want me.
Love people, not things... Use things, not people.
When i cut em off they strt stalking me
Remember when A&W Root Beer and the burgers; Papa Burger, Mama Burger ... remember when they were good???
Some females look ether cure or pretty on facebook or twitter but in person they look like a dn pickle
GO TO BED
Leather Feather tonight @ Eagle Tavern in SF!!!! Bring on the bears.
HOT DAMN!!!!! My wife won a PINK MLB BASEBALL BAT ON TWITTER TODAY...HOOHA.
I like your face. K.
#noregrets regarding the past, but I do love my #newjob oh so much!
I cast a spell on you and glad you came afterward.
Just took my new bike for a ten mile ride. Now I'm covered in bugs!
Watching i die
