It's so nice to hear from old friends
don't you love that show!? Is there a way you can watch season one online?
-.- I accidently tweeted a fake Justin Bieber.
Yay for dropping your phone off the second balcony at a hotel. -____- I'm really good with phones obviously.
Running errands/shopping with la sister
We apologize to all our customers and hope you'll stop by next week. Thanks!
haha, thank you...I lose more and more followers revealing my age.
ok good thanks gurlz. Kelly you will be missed.
how'd it turn out?
evening boys and girls.
I don't think ive seen a kid cuter then Mason! Ur beyond stunning and your my favorite Kardashian!
- NAHB is saying it will turn, but slowly ...
maybe you were planning on coming out to south side Harley to enjoy some
TRUST FALL!!!!! #epic fail
Tabor I will conquer you today! Well at least the stairs.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. - E. Joseph Cossman
About to get my noodle on...
its always sunny ther.....I used to live there and I recently went bck for spring break...u need to go to matsumoto's shave ice :-)
Clark Gregg is on THE SHIELD as a serial rapist/murderer. This is strange and upsetting.
Do it Big Faith Gen! I'm proud of you guys. Changing lives today!
Jimmy is getting a workot today.
"Generate & organize your data so it plays well with assessment mgmt systems." Couple of good points there.
Discovered an unopened box of Girl Scout thin mints. Oh happy day!
I know that waking up is hard to do-oo, & you know, know that it's true... Instead of waking early then I wish that I was waking up at 10.
Just arrived home from a speaking engagement on wound care in Toronto...garbage was piled high everywhere, due to a strike.
Oh how nice would it be just to be on the beach listening to music all day.
Wrote my epitaph... 2589938378UTC: Alex has stopped in method Live(), due to fatal exception See autopsy.log for debug information.
...they were always welcomed as long as they do not brack the law getting here...or as long as they do not brack the law...
Please please. I prefer the term sausage wallet.
Sacramento Press attracts one new author a day. They do NOT call them citizen journalists.
I wanna see penis
lol. It's not a vaca i have in mind darling ;)
My 5D is off to I'm crossing my fingers.
Wash. Co. CAD...Accident reported in Sherwood...NW Pine at Oregon St...
A little good news from Gartner - Forecast growth in U.S. dollar-valued overall IT spending has been revised up to 7.1% from 5.6% for 2011 …
#Opeth rules hard.
Not only access to ICTs but education
take some ageLOC Vitality! Take more than the 6 capsules!
I saw u on CNN...go Brandon!!
*rolls eyes*
This morning's speakers included ETS CEO Kurt Landgraf, CGS President Debra Stewart, US Sen. Hagan, US Rep. Stivers, US Rep. Hanna.
And the world goes on
Thank you for a wonderful semester and farewell lunch & presents! Love you all!
The narwhals have now been baconing for 43 minutes...
i've got those in my closet
thanks for the shoutout!
I WILL, if you vote (;
Would it be accurate to call Tyler Perry the black Jim Varney?
No more suffering. R.I.P. Uncle Danny.
Time to start planning my trip back to the UK.
Listening to the lightning while watching Thor :)
Smoke billowing from fires all over Galveston.
Thanks for the link- Great work!!
maybe , we looked before but could not locate any decent host for the server, if you know of one let us know
Did the same thing recently with a very darling jacket. If you find the secret to bone reduction, let me know!
Open question for the ladies: why do we define ourselves in terms of an SO?!?
you already did. Lol
Rather go to bed supperless than run in debt for a breakfast
that is a great compliment then! I'd love 2 C her work it's funny that thoseR the underpaintings but stand as abstracts already
#spreadlight is so inspiring for all. It feels good to know I'm creating my own work and collaborating with artist that feel the PASSION.
Just finished E21 Africa meeting in Nairobi-great meeting! Now in traffic jam on way to airpor-have been sitting in one spot for 1 hour.
I love me some hummus. I'm like the Zohan!
Why? #BP cashier asks u what grade of gas when u must press the grade button at the pump anyway? Dumb. Is #BP smarter than a 5th grader!
OH. Totally different.
I think we all heard the Occupy movement has gone global. But did you know its now universal? The media refuses to cover Occupy Uranus.
Courtney Stodden really freaks me out. Like "I think you may be an alien I'm afraid to make eye contact" style
where u at tanight?
yeah at 3
I love putting together Ikea furniture. No, really I do.
*Wishing I had $200 for the new iphone, oh well, the old one will work just fine :)
Designing a 2nd international, human capital org & really excited about the creativity my team is leveraging 2 ensure a sustainable org
Great gray-blue heron With water up to his shins Glares through at his toes
one day you'll see a picture SO funny you'll have to make an account to upvote
Best of luck to Bucky & The Golden Eagles in their #SweetSixteen matches!
your #tahoe is a #POS :P
Yessir RT : The one I mary will have an undeniable head game
I sure am!! It's getting warm in Big Rapids! Anyone else hoping this snow melts by Gala??
I'm ready
You're the good kind of awkward.
Still need any teams for Stubby Bowl?
yes! My Versa is ready for the journey to the suburbs
Girls with long hair >
I don't stink you freaken crusty creep !
Ignorance is Bliss at the #CPD2012 So many pro-abortion youth are anti-science.
How bout dem Cowboys!! Enjoy the game!
Hey call me I don't have your number stored lil mama
Watching Season 2 of Watched 13 episodes of Season 1 in the past 72 hours... addicted.
I <3 WHITEBOYS TO THE MAX
Sentence found in the YMCA men’s room: “He fell out of love with his sideburns but they refused to leave on their own.” Can anyone claim?
Hi Rick! I'm a BIG fan of yours, as I grew up watching you. Lol Thanks for the follow!
Thanks! I'll submit.
I meant weekend. I talk too damn much and ran out of my 143 lol
As it should. :)
{Walmart & Sam's Club Freebies} view www.downow.info I give 125 leads wk , See it working for you? Enroll www.dowsite.info my # on site
Shit happens and it sucks. Always Respect yourself, keep your head up high and progress forward to a #healthy you!
Sadly, you'll have to wait a couple more weeks for the show at Turner. See you on the 18th?
Ok and : time's-a-wastin….get your entries in for the 2012 #ADDYs Have you seen our judges?
Words only hurt insecure people.
Does anyone read Hyberbole and A Half? She posted an amazing update a few months ago about depression.
well bye bye its time to get ready for work, omg omg omg i have to get out around 10 or before to go on a date with my sweetheart :)
You are using your voice now. We hear you.
#pinups is not popping only one bitch twerked the stage #red aka aquafina!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Can I get some S/o's ppl
Our Essential Cinema Top 10 is currently on sale (PPR only)! Classics such as Metropolis, Nosferatu, Faust and more. Buy 2 get 3rd 20% off!
If they are, they're sharing it with a student. >_< The window's only open a crack, but the pigeons are squeezing in.
Starting the day at Yu Ying Public Charter school open house today off of Taylor St.
I love your hair u r just so pretty #MuchLove xoxoxo
Condone is the wrong word. It implies what the Police did was wrong to begin with. I totally support the Police.
Thats great to hear! Congrats! Nothing like just jumping in heads first and making a film. Did you write it as well?
Only if I had a job tho
Truth About Me: When I'm alone on the train I'll pull out my phone and look at it to avoid eye contact with ugly people.
bill blass jeans
Cutting the grass in 100 degree weather <<<< man you gotta love Louisiana!!!
Omg freeway detours!!! I just wanna go home!!!
Stickler, Controller, Hyper-Achiever... just took the #PostiveIntelligence assessment. Interesting... will read more. Thanks!
UWM now open: Great job, great place to be, they can win there! Interesting to see what names emerge for that job
Cena's a big mean bully for making fun of Johnny's voice.
INVESTMENT-You avg $200 a mo for family healthcare during a adult life of 55 yrs that is $132,000.00 !!! Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Why is it that enhanced, clean sparkly full-length 148 min DVD of Ingrid Berman in "Joan of Arc" no longer sold? It was just released!
for sure! ❤
Yes. I was really hoping to have put away the turtleneck I'm wearing today by now. :/
Follow your heart not head.
Are your perennials starting to grow big and bulky? You know, their spread is getting a bit too much for comfort?
Is it just me or is FB acting really wonky today. Sometime people's profile pictures show up but more often than not they don't.
great!! Now, if only someone would map porcelain routes from China-Europe-America for me!!
Come celebrate the win !
In the room I like to call the fading cap of Monet.
Sex Game..#SoOfficial!
tired af, night
oh cool cuz I was like what the hell. glad to hear terrified can be good lol ;)
When I'm tired of listening to it, I'm done practicing. (written about speech preparation, applying it to vocal rehearsal)
not at all you should say what up doe
Bears can't be stopped right now boy
Why is scott walker turning my fair city into Miltroit? Recall!
Don't have a coaching pedigree, but it sure seems like good things happen when this kid goes to the basket...
treadmills that are silly heads and feel like being lazy.
I've found flowers and diamonds have only so much charm...I'll take home improvement over them any day!
ARM HURTS! ughh! And I have volleyball today!!
GrassRoot Business Networking www.GrassRootsNetworking.com
Well its your lucky day , because i love sweatpants ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
on your tv
you ok Matthew??
how sweet of you! Thanks xox RT : Welcome :D
Heading back to Augusta
thx, you too, or is it night for you??
S/O to fa da follow. I preciate it
The Devil’s Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith Off-Broadway at the St. Luke’s Theater (308 West 46th Street)
my spring schedule is going to be so nasty smh
Tomorrow<3 do we need to bring a note?
Florida is nice too! Myrtle Beach is SC is nice too. A lot of beaches in NC are awesome.
Boyle >>>>Mercer
No, it's not. But we Americans have slowly, some unknowingly, allowed our rights to be taken away.
#MM Morning....have a Great week Mr. Joe
Don't know about Kim Kardashian but I agree that Bobby V has the potential to make this team dysfunctional fast. We'll see...
Pandora right now is seriously making my life. :)
Today I learned Nikola Tesla was born on July 10. My birthday is on July 10. Tesla was a bad ass genius electrical engineer. I am an EE.
Almost out!!
Al Horford has saved this ATL team.....and has changed this series dramatically.
Happy New Year, All! May it be filled with happiness & all good things!
Feel like opening a can of whoop on this house today. Is it normal to "nest" at 6.5 months? lol.
nah I have to send my sister birthday money and then sign up for choice fitness
Why does my hand smell like bacon? I don't even eat bacon....
. says a con of Twitter is 140 character storytelling limitation. I can see it both ways. What do you think?
Thanks! Webstore always open.
#whosgonnalose - top of the hour, picking all NFL games - tweeting results here
Ah,if only the gentlemen of Atlanta knew that was the key to your heart!
The best part of #FastFive is whenever I see Paul Walker :)
Gilmore over Kirkpatrick? No chance on Floyd?
: not you my man.
Good morning #Detroit, we will be uploading the photos from onto our website soon, stay tuned!
Loved the video bro, especially the dude yelling is that a dick had me rolling! Great job!
Submitters used to have the option of including their paper on a conference proceedings CD, but the CD is no longer produced.
Dragging this morning? Get a free espresso shot in your drink!
Go to sleep, beautiful. =)
Lol I don't think so(x
Haven't watched football in over a decade. Elton John reminded me of why. The TV is off.
less than 100 for me to goal...how's your #amwriting?
Ready to be back in mucie
Hi. Can you follow me back:)
Serafin's. A little trek (Carlisle) but worth it.
Lax later*** "via last tweet"
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out. - Dee Hock
Watchn dice lemons
zumba outside today!! U should come!!
The sound of a jet engine spinning up is like a lullaby at this point, knocks me right out.
Never the less, you still have to come down to see us and the lots if you're going to make a killer deal.
just laugh it off and keep watching streets of fire:)
#March begins tomorrow! Did you know March was named after Mars who was the God of War? It also used to be the first month of the year!
at what point did all these people settle with being broke
Awkward day w/ a capital k
Tag map page on Squinchpix now alphabetical as well as by frequency. Try it!
That's an interesting fact!
Thank you for the follow !
what do folks use to build their yearly schedules? any recommendations?
yeah definitely, fingers crossed x
Your morning coffee could be adding a lot more calories than you may think, next time your in a coffee shop ask to see the nutrition facts
Chillin chillin son when we gonna get up on some production?
you know, contrary to what many believe, I absolutely love being single.
why is the bedroom so cold?, turned aways on your side?..is my timing that flawed?
Damn, I want a guy to sing to me like that. Hell, that man's voice was amazing.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
Travelling really isn't the same as it used to be. Much more like work, which is really nice when you are travelling for work
Would I be wrong to text the males in my phone happy mothers day??
damnn I'm so bored :/
Hi this is a test from indie movie making
die steelers, die.
*that akward moment when your at your friends house and they get yelled at my one of their parents*
haha awesome! Man, Flip Burger is god though.
is there really a market for Xmas decorations in June, or are you trying to create a market?
2/1/1784-> Lafayette: Envious of none, I am determined to be pleased with all.
What's up with rude people? Like come on, just be nice!
I never lived before your love. <3
Thank u for all ur help! Cant wait to see the finished product! Be sure to follow the Sports and Fitness Center here:
lol you really want me too ? its not that hard.
Oh! Gorgeous. Your description's as poetic as the picture. Lovely.
may. I think that why I have been so down besides my period.
ill text you when I charge it..
unbelieveable man. Can golf get out of its own way and stop making itself boring.
Yayy got a new phone
what's new?
she's beautiful in her simple little way
fantastic! And you? Semester is finally over ... just grading left. Did the students ever connect with you?
I'm not sure how to feel.
RT interested in helping organize #thatcamp Pacific Northwest? talk to or
Happy New Year everyone!!!! Do you have a New Year's resolutions?
alright little guy I'm trying to get in to the twitter game. U inspire me
you right about that ms.
“: East hasn't been the only culprit this postseason” been bad about 80% of time
Vernon! My man. Hope all is well with you man DM me your email lets catch up.
Rickey Minor Band kills
So sleepy.
Rapunzel tells us one thing about love. Climbing the highest tower is less difficult if someone at the end gives you the reason to hold on.
South Africa Application Deadline is TOMORROW! This is your last chance to apply! Get your applications in !
#durantula needs to come up BIG in these last 2 min
Just got done walking with abbs and eating some #Subway m
RT : LibraryThing for Libraries now has its own Twitter account. You're looking at it.
a direct message
Today in Blues: Rock and blues guitarist Chuck Berry married Themetta “Toddy” Suggs on October 28, 1948.
Watched the intro to the Zach Galifianakis SNL, sometimes I too wish for a chicken bone friend...
All my boys tatted
it's easy to feel like we deserve what we have or what we do..truth is, life is not even close to in our control and all it takes is one
no definatley don't.
Cary Loren in conversation with Vince Carducci tonite 8 pm. Juice from MotorCity Wine. Q&A, booksigning, good times.
Can't wait to see it....
Its such a beautiful day today! ☺
"Learning is its own reward. Nothing I can say is better than that." RIP Michael S. Hart
Dude when are you coming to LA so we can create some magic again?
Just back from the last day of CES & there were a lot of people who were counting the hours w/bags under their eyes until they could go home
BK, you're my #1 fan with that one 😜 “: ok well you go for ugly and fail every time then.”
Can't sleep, too excited for NYC! I get to eat four brunches and 3 dinners in 2 days...The Dutch, Saxon & Parole, The Breslin, Forgione...
He did go!
thanks for following!!!
Tuesdays are VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price on all appetizers for VIP club!! We hope to see you there. Plz rt
#Cancers have frequent mood swings, and we feel our way through life.
Thanks for the RT!
Why am I having issues using your service on multiple platforms at once. Never used2 have an issue. Please help.
I'm actually supposed to be on bed rest now...
When a guy has a really cute smile it's very attractive :)
goddamn wireless...internets funky round here for a couple days so twitter on and off guys:/
Hi Jessica, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
We took a week off but S.I.N. and Tango Lessons resume this Tuesday. Come check it out!
Let Milwaukee know about Justin Moore concert May 11th. Thanks and have a great show!
At tonight's auction… I must resist the zebra taxidermy (mustn't I?)
Meow! I'm ready for the weekend!
Skipped out on yoga and went outside and sat in the sun and tanned. 
get comfortable being you. who knows how long you have to do it, & it's the biggest favor you can do for yourself and everyone around you.
Will certainly use for a blog soon. Thanks so much!
THIS👉RT America specializes in monetization of 1-day mega events. $$$$ spent today @ Churchill Downs is staggering.
#MUSIC just wanna have some fun :D
When I meet a person that thinks gun laws are too strict I never think... "This is going to be a long a fruitful relationship."
could you two be any cuter?!
doing the Laser Wolf thing.
Hello Friday
My favorite thing about the extra daylight is that it's now light enough to walk home from the subway while reading.
I don't know if I have full permission from but i have officially joined #BrickSquad i will tag every tweet with
< my bday people.
House of Leaves is amazing.
The Phillies suck this year but at least we got Cole Cliff and Roy.Three pitchers every team dreams of having!
Can I just sleep all day and not go to school?
Wonderful. Thank you and good luck!
Sometimes I wish this book I'm working on had a face so I could just pimp-slap it. Tried doing it to myself but not the same.
How to get lots of followers. Search and follow most of his followers.
": o no that sucks" ya but I'm a ninja & figured a way back in. Lol. How are u?
Follow this kid. :P
don't sleep on me yet I'm still getting calls! I promise you will see me soon;)
Good game so far...still got a long way to go though!
Hey , if you think earning redonkulously sweet rewards by checking into your favorite places is weird, than yes, we're totally weird
Beach weather for the weekend - show you "how" gorgeous it'll be, first thing tomorrow. We'll also get you to work on time - starting at 5.
I guess that's why they call it sin city, right guys?
Is that wins or points per game? ": Vegas releases its Over/Unders for college football...Kentucky's is 5.5"
A Walk to Remember my favorite movie is on! Why can't love like this exist in real life??... :sigh:
LA for the first time!
#GOPACKGO what a game! That got way too close
Excited to see you boys son! :):)
Why is it that the #Bruins have one more player on the ice then the Caps, but they are still beating us to the puck? Show some urgency!!
yeah I'm so done with you!! ...be in the music video?
Let us know what U think! RT: Just got my box of cereal in the mail can't wait to try it.. #SnackTime?
Meeting = #txla12 highlight. Maybe 2012 highlight!
great cure for back pain albeit temporarily.
I have a best friend like that too... She figured out what she was missing though xx.
Justin Masterson about to be 5-0. If he's still available he could be a very valuable pick up
realizing the amount of classes i still have to take for SPEA before i graduate is giving me a mini heart attack.
Or make Siri do it for you, if you get along with her.
thanks so much!!!
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
I might be going to jail soon.....bitch bein real reckless.
Jk #this movie is so stupid
saw white chocolate aka Linnea at the mall today! Love her so much!
probably is going to cry more than Brad tonight.
Be sure to check out our news section on the web page, leave a comment
Im so serious..Jax Jaguars have signed PK Long Ding..out of Norwich Univ in Vermont
Love, love, loving Vanessa Williams' new nemoir so far!
What level of marketer are you? Sandbox, Savvy, or SuperStar? Share your story in real words and results. Will listen.
I left left. Apparently I didn't send my bye bye email to the right alias :(
Late start but will make work in time...that makes it a Good Morning!!!
awesome! Thanks!
Gnome UI of Linux Mint is full of signs of trying to copy Mac OS X Lion, only in that all icons are inferior...
FAVORITE MOMENT: rocking out to Justin bieber with the windows down all by myself!!! :).
the right 1 will come along ..but u gotta focus on yo rap career so I can buy that CD :)
Bollard not being surprised by bountygate is like Patrick Bateman not being surprised by serial killers
I just got cut off by a pedal biker.. F -You!
New facebook page logo. Website revamp coming soon. Get ready. Get excited. Like if you like.
hey are you at our event? So crowded.
. thanks for Friday - grt time with the crew.
Thx for following! Great concept u have. We help fund startups/co's that are premature for banks. Looking forward to connecting
Do not tell me that Lindzi's Dad's name is really Harry Cox!?!!? #bachelor Isn't that a deal breaker?
Oh, thank YOU for validating my wtf over the whole "sunroom" deal - I started watching 15 minutes late and was ???
Oh no im not that good...lol
ticket to Tampa purchased! So at least I'm GETTING there. Maybe I'll just stay - haha.
Michael Jordan.
thanks Liz
Rangers,losing,Knicks losing this sucks
So what's new ? It b a surprise if they were on the side of Pak. Let the bidding begin!
hi, you don't know I exist but I'd LOVE it if you follow me back. <3
im soo lazy
C & T you are what Josh said you were LOL! (Chris is a Saints fan...you expected more?)
ugh let's revolt. NO MORE NIGHT CLASS!
in class we have a Russian substitute that wears combat boots and barley speaks English. These next 3 weeks are about to b amazing :)
"show don't tell" is considered a songwriting rule of thumb. Maybe you're ready to write a hit!
u didnt know that?
shes got the easiest way of brightening up my day
That awkward moment when
thank you! We are grateful for your support.
Shout Out To You. Thanks
We’re looking forward to a great TLNT Transform Event! #tlnt Attendees, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win $100 Visa Gift Card!
The sad part is the true criminals remain at large, while the #Portland Police and #Occupy folks are left squaring off against each other.
Gold farming - the practice of generating huge sums of virtual money in online games , which is then sold for cash - is nothing new.
you are? Then you can stop by and help and me with farm work while you are in town.
i wish i could :P maybe next time :)
I'm gonna gradually wear less and less makeup everyday, until i'm all natural.
Thanks for the love on your site! We have plenty of focus groups coming up!
I'd just like to take a moment from a busy day to say: GRANDE GRANDE BAYERN!! PUTA MADRID!!
Goodmorning Surfdash fans! How are you feelin' this Monday Morning? You ready to check out our top three music videos of the day!?
Make it stop! :)
If you have to judge people do so with proper knowledge of who they are and what they're going thru.
I still do BIGGER!
The time has come, we have a huge project to announce very shortly, kickstarter, website, CDs, vinyl, and free stuff from Ranger!
What I would give to be on a plane rite now... ✈
cu soon Fred
hey thanks for the follow Andrew!
check ur email when ur free, had a quick question
I vote for reschedule.
Now thats how you play #RugbySevens …. stick it to the poms boy
I hope it is the vikings by 100 lol
lol he does stink they still have Greg McElroy he must be so trash then
Where World Wide Wes works RT : Glad to be apart of #CAASports !!
.1Moneyball <<< ": Niggaz hate success even more when dey excluded!"
i was jut doing that for fun girl but not online i never show my favoritism to nobady ...
I love yoou<3 will yoou pretty please follow me or reply?;D
OMG. I would rather see Rick Santorum host SNL...
lol oh well
Thanks for the RT, have a great Thursday!!
I think it's time for some tea, in fact.
Just got my nails done:)
thx for the follow Mike, returning the favor, peace {^_^}
Good morning. I hope you were able to catch Servant Warrior Radio this morning. If not, don't fret camper. It'll be online later today.
Did you see Mundo Beat down at the Super Bowl village today? Let us know how it was!
Stumbleupon is my worst enemy and my best friend right now.
- You are writing more than you're tweeting, right?
Hello Larry How Are you?
What's the gagging emoticon?
Is Matt Kemp one of Shawn Kemp's 82 children?
Librarian with Hillary Clinton haircut
seriously? Why don't we get #Blake to build them?
36% reported decreasing art curriculum due to NCLB
<------can't close my mouth from shock on that one!! lol
steve jobs showed
are you listening to "Wild One" now? Lmfao
Kick some butt today. Go!
Justin Bieber & Sterling Brim ❤❤
that is awesome Janice!!! proud of you!!
i can try but im not 100% sure if i can lol i dont push out hits that fast
Im watching The River this show is crazy
Look forward to seeing everyone at Leff's for our opening day festivities beginning at 9am.
"I wasn't that drunk", "Dude, you got into a fight with your brother because he's Team Edward"
Don ABSOLUTELY upgraded with Megan!!!
I just finished a 2.54 mi run with a time of 30:14 with Nike+ GPS.
SHARE DM ME BABE
god awful pickup! Way too old, don't see how this helps the team.
I will!
I want to meet a sexy Gertrude
lookin forward to a great night at
I will be in touch today!
: you be a #veteran ^_^
If your relationship is worth the sacrifices you make, it's worth anything in the world.
no women or wildlife?
are you excited to start becoming HUGE?
i hate how clumsy i get after working out. oh well. officially can't stand, so i can watch KUWTK on netflix, guilt free.
hm. Talk sexy to us tonight. Might get a free steak ;)
laying down bored textimg
DID YOU JUST FOLLOW ME :o♥ Fangirling.
My mommy bought me a waffle iron as a welcome home present...I'm now going to eat waffles for the rest of my life
Roll em a lil sloppy but, they all blow like a fuckin champ
"Obama" should now be used in a way synonymous with "treason". The NDAA is basically martial law. I wouldn't be surprised if tea party was
Being dumb is the path of least resistance.
the "secret" was that Terry mcallister was going to ask me out. I told him I had a bf. I feel bad but I can't believe
Really you can gone & leave me the fck alone !
Lifes a movie that I've seen to many times.
Watching some 2011 #Pitt game film. What the hell did I just get myself into? I can't work miracles... Thank god Rushel Shell is on the way.
play dress up and eat ice cream for dinner.
Hey everyone, check out our new branding! Designed by Sara Coffey!
So far a home run and just hit a triple to score a run.
no, it's a tattoo in white ink
long lonely walk lol
Don't count on others to make your dreams come true. Go out and make them come true for yourself.
Nothing like STARTING my run this late in the morning. I need LOUD MUSIC to gain some momentum....
I love yo ass like Milhouse love Lisa
8 years in town? I'm going on 6 this fall :) thanks for the follow
Hadn't used Prezi in a while. I'm impressed with the options & control
ohhhhMooooooom! You are crazy fun, wise and keep us on our toes. I love how you roll!!!
PLEASE DONT EVER STOP DOING THIS!!! This is the best feed by far for #PSU info
R.I.P. Donna Summer, lost battle with cancer at 63. Another voice in heaven.
“: First take gets me hyped in the AM!” The best!!!
Headed to Hartford Memorial Baptist Church for their social justice conference.
I'm excited that Coco Crisp wants to play for a contender in 2012... that will hopefully save the Cubs from themselves.
Sorry for the randomness. Lol.
I call racist bullshit on El Pollo Loco, my Mexican chicken was not crazy at all but well educated and mannered.
Best of luck this weekend. Not sure if you're reppin anybody for upcoming draft but if you are, my thoughts are with you.
Have a cold, feel like shit!
I just noticed that in both Avatar and District 9, humans become aliens and then turn on humans.
can i keep you?
str8 chillin...done with classes for the day :)
Sanity, not just for the left anymore.
Hey there! Sorry I've been slow to respond (no excuses). I don't think I have your email - do you mind DM'ing it? :)
hm the same ;)...but also happy for this day to finally be here- um i'm drinking Vodka
7 weeks 'til summer vacation!!! :) and I'll be a senior!!! Whoop!
Accidentally in love... ~
@ paseo on fremont
Omg. "seems like you're ready". Can't get it out my head. R kelly. Hate 2 love him. What a show.
No, Great Clips Lady, I don't want to be in "your system". I just want a friggin haircut.
What, no instagr.am!?
“Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.” - Jim Morrison, lead vocalist of TheDoors
I am listening to Funky House from Digitally Imported radio on my Squeezebo Boom. The music lives up to the station's title.
Thanks so much guys! Your support has been fantastic!!
you should start a Pogues cover band.. I'll be Kirsty MacColl.
Thank you, ! Miss you lots
I will give you feed back soon
Mobile phone is going to end up being the owners identity in the cloud - "key" in the chip of the phone provides access to apps.
If helping with homebrew competitions could be my full-time job, I would happily get up early every Saturday.
Need a new game. Risk just isn't cutting it anymore
not sure how many true locals, but we've gotten about 40 submissions, talked to dozens more!
yes I did...thank's 4 the shout :)
Hour til I get off then to get a mani/pedi before my family party.
Good morning fellow estheticians & spa owners. I'm getting ready for my holiday party.Are you doing anything special for ur parties this yr?
Gone you know, held to another like clutched ivy
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
im not today
thank you! :)
2007Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland is built like a tank. I have 70,000 miles on my and just now replaced rear brakes, front stil good.
Life feels so repetitive right now
ha ha I may be there this summer sometime lol ATL always holding me down
Ugh I missing American Idol because I am still waiting for to get off work :/
Wat wit the nfl damn let's play
Blade Runner may be more iconic and geek-cred-must, but I really believe Alien is a better movie.
How r u?
haha it's so amazing!
did you see when the old asian guy made the woman text and say: "cute baby, but its not mine. its not even asian"
Kanye West "Big Brother" FULL SONG GRADUATION
Pulse listeners: Stop by Culture Fresh (dwntn Phx in Arizona Center). 20% disc if you mention The Pulse & the topic Rock the Bells
thank you! It's fun to tweet about such a great band.
Ugh wanna get out the house
There has been a lot of rain recently. That is okay with me. Driving in it not so fun.
EAST Coast & West Coast funk Unite! Friday night live at 9pm at w (NYC)
yeah! That's true!!! And this food is making me so happy!!!!! Like reall happy!
T'halia,me too
can not wait for never say never directors fan cut even though i already saw it in theaters im still buying it! <3
Oh my Tweet, Tweet!
That one person that got you saying "Damn, I'm sprung AF.. ♥" >>>>
Me RT : who up?
Come out to tonight to see The Flats perform LIVE at 7:30 pm!!
..what they suffered & sacrificed for the difficult dream of public accommodations. Our fight will follow similar setbacks.
More Billie Jean King: "I was married to a guy for a long time, so I've been heterosexual, bisexual, and a lesbian."
Yes RT : Does anyone else miss the days when Super Bowl ads actually debuted during the Super Bowl?
Dammit KG. Fucken dumb ass josh smith though,u can't shoot,y r u taking a jump shot there
I love it that couples now use twitter to fight with each other... As if I give a shit what he renamed your iPhone as. #petty &
hey can u help to get to 2,000 followers so i can follow u n the other followers
I really wanted a diff one but it looked weird on me :(
dumb is not even the only word dumb and retarded
open up the floodgates huh? so should the PDs be a blank dropping of various tech possibilities
Starting Thursday, Airlines will be required to include all mandatory taxes and fees in published airfare.
please don't grow up too fast stay innocent as long as possible...your cousin Kai says Hey
It's been a while since we've said hello to our new followers! Hi & welcome, you good lookin' Ninjas! Stay tuned for our summer adventures!
Does the weather influence your creative juices?
"How Do You Protect Your Mind, Heart & Soul" ? *(*.
Aww..... I have a bulldog too. He's 8 months.
Follow Me :)
i'm now official!
Hehe. And we'd love that! :)
It's never a good idea 2 ask ppl who don't see their own greatness 2 try & see yours.
Meeting with the Style Network today!!
I've become one of those ppl who want to talk about their dog at all times. I refrain...SO still meeting need- pic = 1000 words, no?
Thanks - explains why it's not part of econ. impact report MT After hiatus Diamond BID started collecting assessments 7/2011.
Trying my hardest not to get back to NYC after wknd in Cambridge. Missed 1st bus, went to wrong station for the 2nd. Finally en route now!
My class is like so dead !!!
“: Lmao u cray RT : I wish I was on days of our lives!! Lol” lol hey!! U never sent me an email lol
Did you get that margarita?
Maria A. Oquendo, M.D.: Predicting Treatment Response in Major Depression: The Use of Biosignatures: A new national study on "biosign...
I hate texting people first. I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
Sounds like my school, and Its even worse that my boy cousin and I are in the same grade and share the same friends, So
Thanks for the screen shots guys! 😘
It's on the espn3 website
We have NCAA football for you! Wide variety of contests for each conference, heisman hopefuls, Top 25, etc.!
Add "Leaving off the 's' in ' Brussels Sprouts'" to the list of things that fling us into a white hot rage.
California's ban on gay marriage prior that was overruled today.
Wishing everyone a Happy & Safe Memorial Day Weekend!
Man NJ knew they had to stay out of the penalty box. Also, goalie interference? Seen it called for less.
FACT: Adults ages 30-45 take on more caregiver responsibilities as they raise own families & pursue careers.
My shop open its now in Bangkok Thailand "CanDy"
Greg fuckin Fitzsimmons on Ice House Chronicles. Awesome.
NewYrkr:Corker asked (auto)execs their plans 4 the twenty-five billion dollars,conceded they didn't have any; they'd just divvy up the money
i got a camaro.
looking forward to having you, see you in June!
Ask me about my new line of greeting cards.
I <3 everyone of the RHOBH ladies!! So beautiful and each unique in their own way! BTW
Super busy. Just finding out. RT : 3...2...1... until catches news of antawn Jamison skipping the exit interviews.
RT RT : On my way to mail in my YES vote for #OneUnion, united. #SAGAFTRA --> Awesome!!
thanks love.<3
I hope you and are singing your lungs out on your car ride down to Florida!
lmao your dads face !
plzzzzzzz follow me!!!!!
our little Justin bieber has grown up! Dang I love the boyfriend music video gave me chills!
A compelling argument...I still haven't made up my mind because I've been consuming mainly propaganda from both sides.
Awe the Animals on the Today show are cute(:
Sam and McBain were in another soap ages ago.Thats what the references are abt. McBain was a vampire in it
Dirk Gets A Fever and the whole Mavs team get hot 2 now thats messed up Miami will get them game5
Think big or GO THE FUCK HOME.
TS Don = Disappointing. We had such high hopes for you.
Thanks! I thought it was worth the read, but it definitely needs the next book to be more complete.
is one acoustically challenged venue...
Good night sweet dreams(;
Let The bubbles begin
This sucks!
Went to a liquor distributor trade show yesterday. Talk about your Booze Camp...
hah...southwest...but maybe I'll spring for a drink or two...
I ment gay
Don't get me started on SpecLab & the German waterbed company. That was my PhD research made un-citable.
Managers who use Klout as a hiring tool will get replaced by (Klout: 76) And that will be a better world.
Getting sick. Can't squeak! I feel like part of me is missing.
jk im at home
Gonna have a great weekend with my yammykins... <3 :)
just called Carrot Top "legendary?" Seriously?
SOMETIMES U GOTTA PLAY THE GAME.
what's good man. Hope all is well.
According to a 1995 survey, 7 out of 10 British dogs get Christmas gifts from their doting owners.
Not all my fault. Z is playing like shit too.
Never wrong or right
I sure hope we're having a winning season when we step onto the field in the throwbacks..... y'all know what I mean huh?
Taylor draws the charge after trying to pick up a sloppy pass to Evans.
just fun :D
it's easy to get West Coast Scrapple! We ship it to you!
Sometime your body cant always have what it wants.
lol Keep trying! All part of the 12 days of Xmas, this is only day 2! Number 3 is on Monday.
The things I would do to be photogenic. My eyes are all closed so I look like I'm sleeping. Just taking a pic, stay open damnit.
y u look at me then what he say
DUDE is the owl not the BEST thing you've ever seen? as soon as I find 3000 euro it will be yours.
Stay classy #westvirginia idiots
burning up in the business school. Not sure if it's bc it's warm in here, or being in this building makes me nervous.
So in 3 hours I will be celebrating my birthday..its not just my birthday but birthday as well...12/30
I'd put Ray Allen's "You've gotta be kidding!" face up against anyone. Not just in sports. In life.
RT : #cheezballalert my Anns really do remind me I'm tall, strong, powerful, and a graceful lady...
Connect with me on Twitter:
BTW, that last image is a detail from a traditional Korean drum in the baggage claim area of Seoul's Gimpo airport - great welcome!
Time to get ready for the weekend! Visit us at 6320 Winchester Rd
well let me know how the move goes.
doing my egg osmosis lab. awesome stuff right there.
#drugreactions: #Internet is a source of information. Check online the side effects of your
Happy bday ! The world is a better place with you in it.
Caitlin & CaitlinLovers? Are you fucking kidding me right now?
WOO HOO!!! Annoying co-worker being sent home next week!!! Happy Dance time
that would be wonderful. There's some great work being produced on list and others.
Here's a cute one for dog lovers. Ducati's first motorized bike was called a puppy and in the Italian translation they called it "Cucciolo".
People who make bad decisions , are more fun to hang out with ...
what??? Que? Lol I don't understand
👌RT : meant to tell u nice avi glad to know ur real lmao
I think vacation ate my brain too.
Yea... Really just need this to be over.
Just presented "linked data in a nutshell" to our practicum student. Hope I wasn't too scary-enthusiastic.
so i got a shit load of clothes to put away -__- as my boyfriend is driving around with kids for something dumb
Bless Up Bless Up to all the new fans and of course all the current fans we got some good stuff coming your way!
#VanBos #StanleyCup I see some hard hitting. Gritty hockey. With a bruins 4-2 win.
One gorgeous Friday outside! Get out and enjoy!
Lol you cant hang!
"In the music business bigger is not necessarily better. In fact, I believe smaller is actually better."
Save the Dates are out! Mark your calendars for our 12th Annual Fashion Show, March 16th 2012. Featuring our amazing participants as models.
long ass tongue tight pussy no taste no smell m good ass pussy ..lick lick taste taste..kiss that shit luv that shit smoke that shit
Doubt whom U will, but never yourself!
I do not understand how my 50lb dog manages to monopolize the entire queen size bed. Men...
"I go camping in secret!"
Ron, apologies for the delay - we will follow up with you today.
Good morning everybody stay blessed
good to hear. Do you need a mix for the song you just recorded?
looks great
ayy frank how u doin. Follow back kid
Congress has determined that British prisoners taken from the surrender at St. John's should be taken to Reading, Lancaster and York in Penn
everyone go follow my cousin , she's new to twitter !! :))
No worries!
good meeting you and the crew too! Fun times!
Thought I lost all my music and my world was turned upside down... all retrieved... wat a blessing
yea make a nigga think I'm glad I wasn't there lol
This morning feels like MONDAY morning. Time to fire up the Keurig!
This announcer has to be a UK fan. Every 2 minutes mentions UK.
Heavy into developing this Murphy Brown app
Rejoice in the small things, and God will give you more
You'll still get it. Patience my friend...
This girl #Christina on #MySuperSweet16 right now who thinks she's so hot is actually really ugly
just went to a great underground co-op in Mount Pleasant where they were playing the full I have a DREAM speech on the radio
#ItsCrazyHow you act like nothing even happened...
I'm thinking about making it my facebook pic lol
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info.. Prices starting at $5
g shit shit. Wife and widen yo ass up .
Its not about just sharing news, but about shaping the news
lol. Technically it was Prince Phillip, and yeah, still messed up. Haha.
This is hilarious.
That's what it was. Switched to chrome and it loaded fine.
“: just pre-ordered. The wait begins! It's going to be tough, can't wait!” Thank you, Carter!
I thought the exact same thing when I saw them! What's the point of spending taxpayer money on that?
Staying home by yourself on 4/20 and pretending to get that context high
Mitchell was one of my favorites on the show. You will be missed.
No more Tweets from you tonight. :(
how'd that work out for you last year?
Kind of apples and oranges since HL2 is strictly on rails.
Thanks for following me. I enjoy your work.
made senior 1 at brandon allstars. time to get this backhand spring down packed so i can hopefully get moved up
No. Oatmeal raisin is basically my favorite besides chocolate chip
omg my crush talked to me today (: -shelby
#GOREDS BEAT MASON...wait....uh beat the marlins
thanks for checking out bundle. Let me know if you have any suggestions! Jaidev
same GM that reneged on trading us Cliff Lee after giving verbal agreement before trading deadline in '10. #smoaksbeenabust lol
“: 2000 tweet comin up(: any sellers” me!;)
this has got to be the longest day of my life
no but I am interested in learning ASL. Part of discussion today, the university is running a class now for nearby residents.
odd Wisconsin never been to boston to hoop till today
I Hope So
Compensated in oats, not cash.
Hurry up and wait
thanks sarah! Looking v much forward to your #altac panel too!
No because I hate that their is a player that just has to focus on two aspects of the game.
i so much to think about its all up to me im get do wat i got do cant wait on noboby to do shit for u just sayin
yes please we miss them and if u do another one we will love it!:)
thank you so much!
i feel like i havnt tawked to my cousin in decades :((
Just one more day until Richard Dawkins and Bad Religion at !
i miss you ' sugaa pie hunny bun! (:
RIP Adam Yauch
- This Summer Gone Be A Mess .
Pumped for 2 full hours of #Glee tonight! #props #nationals =D
Okay, the Tivo's on and I'm going to have to turn on
It's going to be a beautiful day in the miltown
speaking of tv...when is your new show starting?
I was supposed to come down this week! but my parents canceled:/
Just got my badge!
Although I may deny ownership of hammer. Or knowing the alleged potential assailant. Or existence of hammers at all.
Isn't ironic that the thing stopping me from writing my paper on social media IS social media?
RT RT : Per reporting #Flames have signed Brendan Morrison,
disappointed overall.
did he seriously do that?
thanks for the inner-circle privilege; looking forward ;^)
thanks for the shout out about Lisa from #GameNight. And so true we do, lol, I used to be her. Ughh!
we need to link up and slaughter this R&B music game...rt
My phones been acting so retarded omg I'm about to throw it at my wall
Morning Twitter <3
Nice profile pictures.
Havin a asthma attack
If your in Chicago stop by for outstanding Mexican food ~ def'tly one of my favorites!
will do =]
just make sure all pics come "accidentally" to me lol
dude...you'll get me into trouble! It was extraordinarily written. I want to see the finished product!
I will, yea come check us out, Im gonna come over there for a game too
Are you shitting me?
Do you have an idea that will change the world for the better? We have to push forward and stop being scared! (or lazy).
having or taking? ;)
need to finish this hw but i dont wanna be reading about loneliness in old age on a sunday night!
- sadly no. I think they even had the nerve to insinuate a sequel!
The #Badgers are a little rough to watch, no? Almost makes me second-guess taking off the first two days of the NCAA tourney. Almost.
You can name it, if you house it and get the big guys to approve ;)
lower space access costs- Step 1- Manufacture your fuels from space, deliver to Earth and radically cheapen rocket fuels
I like your style, im routing for you on ANTM :)
Hope this news won't replace the standard santorum definition when one googles his name.
I wish she would have pick Damon
Silkk the Shocker? Really? Turns chainsaw towards >
I just laid there in protest, entirely fucked. It's such a stubborn reminder one perfect night's not enough.
What book?
its even worse when you are talkin trash publicly bout someone you came up with,worked with forever etc.
Henny bottles, ciroc bottles my bro wasted -,- he just opened some vodka smfh
Love #Denver &
Yes, but unlike cats they sucker you in with unconditional love.
ok since you don't reply and i have to go i'll sign out from your account and delete the msg with your username and password
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!
It's imperative that we stop and get ice cream tonight. And this month's Confetti Cake blizzard looks amazing!!
Good night, Maile! Sweet dreams! :-)
Thanks for the plug!
thanks for giving me courage to stand up for myself you truly inspired me to #StandGrand and HAPPPYYYYY BIRTHDAY!(: follow???
when was the last time you went a whole day with out being on line or checking your email?
sounds good to me. Screamin Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the whole world. Love u babe hope this wk/month/yr is grt
Looking at summer camps for my girls and feeling completely overwhelmed.
“: It all starts tonight! #LetsGoPens #PensIn7”
ONE-LINER: The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
Shes SO AMAZING
Boston And LA Out??? ITS A NEW DAY!!
they needa free the wavvyy man
bought a new Acer tablet!!!! so excited
I like food. And I like Key Club. Tonight should be fun...
youre gonna have to expand your #twittergame during the offseason - cant have you losing followers like that
Tied. OMG
if this crazy woman will let me drive!
aww thnxs ;) you still look cool in yours too
I don't get home til like 8:30 so my "free" time is very valuable. What should I focus on tonight - painting, recording, beats, or writing?
I just want you to miss me like the way you make me miss you...
Oh Ok, I Am
Boycott Rush or we will Boycott you. Iike you're re-imaging, don't screw it up with this!
have a great weekend! xxoo
love the play by play!!!
Thanks for the follow! Love the forum you've established on the guest-blogging site. I can't wait to sink my teeth into it. :-)
Looking for a part-time evening Reference Librarian in New York, please contact me if you are interested and I can tell you more about the …
GREAT essay Jim.
Awesome job and Rama!
ARC then LA later.
Latest Poll: 75% of Americans will vote for Romney if he uses more hip phrases such as "Have a Cow" or "Word to Your Mother".
Fire official confirms: Woodburn High School will be closed all next week due to fire damage.
Oh... HUGE HUGE #Changes coming soon! We're gonna be an all new bar!
Thanks for the lead! Sadly, we need to be out by the 31st of this month... CC
Of course obama approves of same sex marriage. We're all getting ass-fucked.
I told y'all... Kevin Durant was NOT going to let OKC lose this game at home...
Musée Ask: Which was your favorite picture in Musée first issue?
So excited.. The dayleys are playing :3
Hope you make it! Let me know how it is!
Sweet dreams hope everybody sleeps well(:
now where u going amber?
Shortage of crawfish due to the cold snap. I can only get 33lbs. See y'all at 4pm
Wonderful! We love to hear that. Thanks for spending Valentine's Day with us!
just left the studio it's raining out side rain rain go away
Looking good. I dig the SuperStew curl.
I meant dorky!!!
Also, it should probably go without saying but go get 's Bloom. #30HzRecommended #bestof2012?
I think I'm gonna go red today :) #myhairbetterturnoutgood #fingerscrossed 🙏
that's gonna be too funny haha
THANK YOU LORD FOR A PERSISTENT DRIVE
Grappled this morning, skatepark this afternoon with son, writing letters to schools tonite. Who else ignored hurricane clean up duty today?
WTF I mean "wow that's fantastic"
Hope everyone had a good weekend. Mine was alright. Cant complain.
Thanks for the shout out! It's an honor to celebrate our #volunteer heroes!
#WordsINeverWantToHear "I Hate you" :(
I'm serious... Someone come over
RT : turning??? // Har har. I just programmed a meteorite to destroy Dublin. I hope you lied on your twitter bio.
#zap I found the boys.
that film is not a joke! it's also one of my favorite.
No prob man . Keep up all the Great work ..
G'Morning, As former military, we support our brave troops by offering 50% off auto detailing: Valid on 3 most popular packages. Active/Vets
1st one I got wrong
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Turkey has more protein than chicken or beef
Yeah, I'm just struggling to make sense of how things broke down so badly tonight.
Watching the most recent EMT... I was thinking you need to invent a special bacon flipping tongs...
Back from a rousing game of "which 3rd-party Amazon seller is responsible for which credit card charges?" with Accounting.
thank u love! *puts on headphones*
Gonna have to really start watching what we discuss on our walks.
how does that affect our friendship tho
Agreed RT : Sxsw for sure failed in naming the panel hashtags.
To all My friends check out Paul Borges Music, lot's of news there!
"Do you think of me the way I think of you? Do you hope for things most likely won't come true?" ::sarah jarosz::tell me true::
But I'm your princess 
Stuntin' all on my old flangs , styling all on my haters Presidential is rose gold, say it's time to get paper
FYI Often quoted 70 20 10 rule came from 1980’s at the Center for Creative Leadership Morgan McCall, Robert Eichinger and Michael Lombardo
we all miss you and we will always remember you, #RIPvaleria ☹ ★
I think Ronny Turiaf is the last player in the nba still with cornrows #wizheat Amare did rock them last night though
I aim to please. Unfortunately, apparently so does she.
Making green chili for #mondayfunday tonight. I started the pork last night its already falling off the bone going to be so tasty!!
I've had this feeling with the Steelers and Mavericks. But NOTHING comes close to this. Kentucky basketball is a part of me.
Halloween was pretty chill for me this year;)
RT : Next week will be our #mediachat guest on the topic of "Brand Loyalty". Thursday at 10pm EST.
Now onto coaching 13-yr old girls volleyball for Those 13-yr olds will crush that inflated ego by making fun of me.
Dave Mathews "Listener Supported" ... Few albums I enjoy more than this
"I Wear My SunGlasses at Night". Where I get that From? $10 to the Person Who Knows....
I hadn't heard that one yet. Really good song.
Saw a report stating #Facebook may offer $5 billion for IPO on Wednesday. God I hope it's not in Farmville dollars!
sometimes that is true. We have our own treadmill, so that helps a bit
Haha when i was placed superviser for the speedway and ppl had a problem i was 18yrs. I told them i could easily replace them
Go Rangers! Come watch the game with us tonight at 6:05pm!
saw fellow photog Mark today in the farmer's market & accidentally called him Spencer! Ha! Do u know what his twitter name is?
Damn, those seasonal allergies have turned on this morning!
So many try-hards on Twitter.
ayye!!! bru big ups on the music man do you have a email or something would love to do some work w/you im a rapper...
Swamplandia! by Karen Russell and Mavis Gallant short stories
Okay I'm done lyric tweeting (:
well, I miss her too ;n; and my mom mentioned you again lol, she was like "Where is Richard? Do you still talk to him?"
maybe your body just has to get used to not waiting for it...
sobriety is very annoying
Happy St Patty's Day from your LA Hollywood Tans! Stop in today to get a tan under that green clothing you're wearing!
ME AND JR CHILLIN WATCHIN THE AVENGERS CARTOON THO ...
I lost your number >.< if you have my number text me. Or give me your number please?
or rather... thank you FOR all the support Seattle. We definitely love you.
Nothing succeeds like success ...let's go people!! Heads up, ambitions high!!
Thanks for the RT :)
how are you doing can I get a follow back.
oh jeez
it was the same guys plus Reddick if u want to try to send to me?
When you getting your shirts?! More importantly, when are we getting that lunch?!
I don't know that song.....
Got my poster and belt buckle! Fucking awesome!
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack extremely low gas prices. that would make my life so much easier
First grader, on my shell necklace: "Miss! Are you the Queen of Snails?"
Tonight you can get pitchers of Coors/Miller Light or Skip & Go Naked for $5. Also try a delicious Ice Cream Drink for $4
looks like im doing some end of the year reorganizing in my room lol
thanks :) Great to see you today!
yes true story and thank-you for the RT ; )
DNC Tri-Super forced out Saturday Evening at Southland. Jackpot at $10K with 8 add ins to go. Play in races 12 and 14.
I have to give cudos to Larry Wirtz.. Not taking anything away from u.. He knows who to hire:)
Don't feel well at all.... Not at all
The Cleveland Cavaliers get NBA FIT in the kitchen, hosting a cooking class for 25 young adults.
Connect with on twitter and at our meeting tonight! VADM 129 at 4:15 to learn all about how to market yourself on
OMG Im heartily sorry4havng offended Thee&Idetest all my sins...but most of all cuz thy offend Thee...Who are all good&desrving of all my <3
Piers Morgan in England is known for being a talent show host...in the US....soccer commentator.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Escape for a new car!
Sparta: It's different! The class on Laconia always generates such amazing discussions among students & leaves me smiling huge.
EVERYBODY SHOULD LURVE ME! :-D
how you be's?? just read your blog...trying to catch up on life today!:)
what it do mane?
you suck! now i have no motivation lol nah ill prolly make a copy too when i go get my food from Niki
“: Finished day one of #p90x” Long and hard road, but so worth it.
Not bad for a city that is supposedly boy cotting us.
We're working with What a Pair (whatapair.org) to fight breast cancer. They donate to the John Wayne Cancer center--be bad, do good!
hello twitter world -- please go outside today :-)
On a scale of 1-10..... A normal persons stress level : 3 or 4. My stress level : 10 x 10 + 45.
Washer and dryer in the dungeon better be ready.
"I''d love to get back in the gang!" -ID
Okay, people get mad at different things. So When I get mad, don't say I'm over reacting or that it's stupid.
Ppl rlly to to have a dictionary thrwn at thur faces. Please stop typing like that.. Please?
Its definitely easier to blame my problems on someone else then myself haha
A fire retardant was found in soda.. I must be flame resistant then...
I'm loving his intensity.
"What's not to love?" By Jonathan Ames
some if these people annoying as fuck.
Just started a Run. 46 °F, 0mph N, 98%
And the hell is up with his hair? He got the long ass slick back.
Doc checking in here, gonna be a good show tonight! Have lots of fun stuff and not talking about JUST Casey Anthony. So tune in!
I nicknamed my dog, "Jasmine Bin Laden". #ThatsWhenYouKnow she's a terrorist....
#WhenAustin doesn't miss one austream, sick, with friends, or out of town.. he's always doing them <33 [From ]
yeah definitely!
its crazy how twitter is addictive right ?
Listening to Mj.. For all time.. I Love Michael's Voice.. I miss him :(
#2011icf Tools u can use to think like Leonardo: mind mapping- generate first, then organize!!
im so slick
HERE, HERE
Do you think you could help me. Thank you so much! Singing is my life :)
same, do you like school?
Well, it's mom's fault. She threw the wrapper to the catnip in there and I am supposed to leave it alone!? I think not.
Notre Dame vs Pitt today.....who ya got?
Who else caught Big Freedia's show at Do Division last night? 100%. Out. Of. Control.
Today's tip: start your day on a positive note. List the things you are grateful for. It will improve your overall feeling of wellbeing.
Best way to follow the draft!
nice! Glad to have you on the green team
The Mongolian restaurant Hu Hot is now officially my fav restaurant 8)
Sullinger is getting locked down getting double passing out of double sketchy at best, and he is still trying to jack up shots....
#bfei2010 need passion about the business, not necessarily the product or service.
Just watched _The Virgin Suicides_, just an amazing look into the life of girls in America and deconstruction of The 70's...
we have a camera that turned up..have you lost yours?
Your source for temporary housing
Catching up on #TheBachelor ... Such a guilty pleasure.
really? I don't believe that! :D There must be someone close to you! We're never alone - there's always a friend for you!
Wheels up to Boston!
ist week in Beirut (got to discover the city) & 2nd week in Malta or Sicily or Sardinia or Corsica or Cyprus...
fantastic! Have fun! :-)
lets play "worst part of blacking out" go!
right!? All these different fee structures, math, guestimating, comparing apples and oranges... ugh!
I just sent you an email at the gmail account you have posted on your linkedin
Impressed by the amount & size of hills in mid-east KS. My stereotype has been crushed.
Almost forgot Happy Birthday ;)
free wall posters
Lord protect me from my friends, I can take care of my enemies..!
ah, yup that will do it on that two lane highway. As much traffice that travels that road, it needs to be widened
The manager administers; the leader innovates. -Warren Bennis
Amazing! Good luck, and have an amazing time in the tent with Dr. John today Warren!!
Hey! Yeah Poynter is great, how's France? When are you back in town?
Same game ad in mw2, same guns just new maps
Goldman names Schiro, a former insurance exec, as lead director of its board & head of the corporate governance. & nominating committee.
I friggin love RIHANNA
About to get my #theymightbegiants and #goldmotel on.
Hmm. Time for a new twitcon?.
McDreamy > oh my god he is so sexy.
Thanks for coming to the training last night ! Great picture!
I'm busy all this week but free any day next week except Wednesday!
Don't listen to what people say they don't know about, bout you n me put it out your mind cuz it's jealousy... love this song
Why do people sing and rap in the hallway?!
Wow that sounds like so much fun, To bad I am not in Houston. Visited once thought and loved it.
Had an amazing first day at my internship!!! Loved every second of it!!!
Lol cool , get on national tv with them glasses on !
lol, no baked chicken from wal-mart :)
I had a lot of kids who couldn't go b/c they had to babysit sibs while mom went out. Grrr...
Comatose sleep is the best kind of sleep.
Whose going to edgefest? More importantly whose gonna be in the pit with me?!?
Taking two tests right now from the training I have been involved with over the past 3 weeks. I need an 85% on both to be certified.
Happy Birthday to a great leader // I hope you have an amazing day!
Right on. It was a pretty useful little site.
I weep at movies, I get so pulled into the stories
So thankful for skype, got to see Edwin, David, and Peter #thanks And had a great talk about #falseteaching with
Many THX to everyone who came by today for our Dog Days event. SPECIAL THANK YOU to our 9 new members! Next event - Halloween puppy parade.
they don't have Nandos here in America :(
My bad.... (._. ) RT : PUSS ASS NIGGA MIND YA BUSINESS
Honestly, there's some things I do and SHOULD feel bad for doing...but I don't.
bbq Chicken battleship tonight.
Talking about PIT-PHI.
I just left 80 degree weather for this?!?! Oh how I miss New Orleans already.
We support Stephen Colbert for President
Why is everyone just speaking krio on twitter tonight? LOL
has a new book out - thought of you when I saw his interview the other day!
great rehearsal. Great to see you on twitter.
#bcs Yooooo Alabama Roll Tide Roll!!! Let's Get It!!!
off to another night of filming... we may need an intern to help.
RT : We have come to the agreement "Wake Up" - Best Hip Hop Album since like 05... No bias (other than MMXI, ur rite)
and I have it on our calendars!
#SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING. I CAN'T. I'M DEAD. I LOVE YOU.
Coffee and ... getting my morning started right.
Chiz & the Stache are going to plant a boot in Dabo's a** - we won't be the timid underclassmen on September 1st in the Dome.
Well well, here we go again
"And introducing... Leroy Neiman's moustache, as itself."
every hour is happy hour somewhere in the world.
Rangers Goal… Bring it on! New York vs New Jersey- Eastern Conference Finals!! Lets GO Devils!
People do some weird things or rather post weird pics on twitter and instagram.
very happy about #Obama's announcement. Very happy :)
: I need external validating relevancy sometimes. Might help.
I just subscribed! Keep up the good work :)
What . The . Shitters .
Is there a way to access the Summer Picnic surprise after you already beat it?
First Things First - Spiritual Economics-Financial Peace and Prosperity in Uncertain Times. See you Sunday.
I know!
sorry I'm late ....thank you dear
Had a dream last night that involved the most horrifying insect & now can't stop thinking it really exists.
It's a warm one today! Don't forget to drink plenty of water and wear sunscreen!! What will you be doing to beat the heat this week?
Computers are not intelligent.They only think they are.
I always get my hopes up too early..
thank you so much for all the info buddy :) hope one day, we can attend Zendaya's first ever concert here in Cali woot woo!!!
So glad we won't have to take anymore notes in APUS.
“: wide awake. as always ):” on that note... Good night
" Some people come into our lives, Leave footprints in our hearts, And we are never ever the same."
Yes pretty please💗
Are you fucking sure?
Very interesting talk by Seth P on game level for solving problems. He thinks it can save global warming
thanks! Great to be part of that group. :)
Packed our $19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies. Juicy Couture, One Kid, Biscotti, Zutano brand. There's something for everyone!
#SuperArtFight troll face and a yellow card.
Who drank my apple juice!?
#GhettoGirlsMustHave Chongos , Hairties , ponytails...etc. You never know when you'r gonna needa put yo' weave up to fight a bitch.
you got it! adding that to my list :P
No one else knows how to hurt me like you do. I love you more than anything. It can't be healthy..</3
A vote for #RonPaul is a vote to fight for civil liberties, instead d complaining everyday about the Feds get up and do something!!
Hope your day has been going well.
John Mattock is smoking... as he heads out to a 33,000 sq ft commercial site. HVAC caught fire, smoked out the building. Go PDRR Man!
She half naked in all her pictures all over the internet
An almost eerily bright rainbow just sprung up out my window. I haven't seen one that beautiful in years.
Hear that. RT : full of dinner + comfy chair, 1. motivation, 0.
Lincoln Center Encore Kisses!
I support this motion so long as i'm not the dancer ;)
hey just want you to know that I love you! :) haha
where at
No deer this morning. Hopefully our luck changes for the evening hunt
that's some manly music
Remember when there was a battle for the soul of the Republican party and it turned out there wasn't one.
Ha! Not anymore…
I'm good (: whatcha doing?
that was awful! Poor guy!
thanks for coming.
you should of came to ohio you could of trick or treated in my neighborhood (: theres always a next year !(:
#indesign #adobe they really need to improve tables and table styles in InDesign... barely usable, frustrating, inconsistent.
Quit Tweeting!!!
Some days you feel like Diddy, Snoop, or 50 Cent. Other days...more like Lonely Island
kill them with kindness.
im in pretty decent shape, i have a full head of hair, i know people, i work hard, love family, and am on my way to be rich.
My wife Just Claimed Andre 3000 & Adrian Brode as the new rat pack,but I didn't hear her..I was buying a Gilette razor
RT : I'm sorry to all of the Packers fans. Unacceptable. We let you guys down today.
Slow down and drive safe today.
thanks Jules you too! See you there!!!
My pleasure. I think about these kinds of things a lot.I agree about getting to know one another. Looks like we've started.
311 - Beautiful Disaster
#ff thanks for a great week
Memories, they're fading..
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
so you taking me to game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals?
same-sies! RT : "i wish it was last weekend so i could spend the entire weekend with you again come back #YOLO"
All I do is sit back and laugh I'm not going to waist my breath on a worthless ass mf.
One thing I have to say to my fellow writers-at least you aren't #StephanieMeyer. There is hope for #literature yet!
