Huge black spider ambling cross the kitchen floor. Quoth the swatter, nevermore.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 38
I'm tired and want to focus on my real job
Have we thoroughly vetted the possibility that Jeff Suppan was created by Tony LaRussa to destroy the #Brewers in every possible way?
so excited about ! definitely going!
Also There's loads of research about why it doesn't work in most careers.
RT : Good plans shape good decisions. That's why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true ~ Lester R. Bittel
Today was such a creatively and socially satisfying day - thanks to art and other artists that made my day! :)
I find Chris Brown extremely attractive along with Adam Levine <3
when does the online oxygen thing start?
Well what the fuck am I gunna do now -.-'
Nothing like a beautiful, lazy Sunday afternoon at #fireflycupcakes!
yup yup!!
Karaoke is BACK ON tomorrow!!! Sorry for the confusion!
i don't see how that could ever happen.
nice job!
In the theater, about to see The Hunger Games! W00T!
Here's a Keys to the Game - Get More Runs!
You've been on my heart today sweet friend!
We're open tomorrow at 7 am for you last minute shoppers - get breakfast, get a gift card, enjoy your day!
An old west train robbery tonight.
looking forward to a good time w/ you and this weekend. <3 Fri. I'm busy. But sat. I'm not ;)
I finally got to 100 followers. Ok, I am not here very much but will be here more from now on. Who will be 101?
Wish I was home but grateful that work is going fairly well. I just keep thinking of everything I need to do before Wednesday at home though
Jammin to MoTown with dad on the commute home. Such a great evening
How does one start the Viagra conversation with their doctor?
and that's the beauty of vinyl. Remove, reapply and your paint is still perfect.
them's fighting words, son!
Currently seeking national theatre actors for upcoming stage play productions.....all inquiries welcomed.
Garlic bread too?
Actually, coming from Spanish, it's more of a "little pod" pod (vaina = pod; vainilla = little pod)!
nah, that's not a job, that's a state of being ;)
So damn hot in my house 😠
Hi Bill. Have a question for you. Hit me at kung fu when you get a chance.
Have you been in a cave?? ;)
Twitter is proof that you're never too old to have "imaginary friends."
New = awesome. Good to hear from him again...track #1 on first mp3 player (64MB!) I ever got was "Southern Streets Freestyle".
Get to spend the night in my new house tomorrow!(:..
You can be hero, ill be the sidekick, you rain in the storm wen its pouring, or you can be the sun shining in the morning.
Last night: Amazing! Really looking forward to the next couple days here in FL.! Thanks to everybody here for being awesome!!
the NAM and GFS forecast models have a high of 68° in MKE Sunday...with an easterly wind! haha...silly forecast models.
My dad had an uncle. Despite his old age, he was always in front of our door early morning on Friday to bring me Kheer. Memories hurt badly.
You are the star that complets my constilation
OMG - I can't wait -need to set my Tivo!
UW playing PSU for a spot in the title game, not for the title.
all I know is big oil creates jobs
thanks! We have floor tix. See you there!
Obama: "All Americans deserve equal rights." Romney: "Only a priveleged selection of Americans deserve rights." now pick one!
Those folks need to get over it. Orlando is and always will be a big attraction for obvious reasons.
Hey ppl, I'm watching #GG. Golden Girls, right?
People are so ignorant...Englisg isn't everyone's first language
BMI is crap. According to the one my doctor gave me I am obese and another I just took has me as overweight. No way.
Downtown LA at night>>>>>>
yay! We can learn together!
Great. Now neither team will win. RT : Senior Bowl to hire former Browns GM Phil Savage as Executice Director.
#NowPlaying. Whitney Houston. Exhale.
All I wanted was a Mt Dew Slushie... Think I could get that? No. It's either White Out or Shock Freeze... fail Sheetz, fail.
Seriously. Reform starts from the ground up through open dialogue and engaging in a continuous exchange of ideas. It's decentralized
What happened to your blog?
On my way back home
I am here
Ready to watch some players selected in the NFL Draft tonight
Whoever tries out for lead guitar in our band gets free Shock Tarts. And we'll make Creepy Crawlers after the tryout.
Why so soon?
Why does this 4 yr. stock market run feel so fake and the economic recovery seem like the snowman between my sons?
The antiglare materials we have tested all have a rainbowing look in sunlight. We only offer our military grade clear protection.
Sorry to hear about your site. Pls follow & DM the primary domain so we can check the status of your ticket ^CH
i'm done! done with all my coursework. except two easy classes tomorrow. and those five finals next week.........
#MyBiggestProblem Worrying about things I shouldn't worry about.
You've got your hands up, you're rocking in my truck; you've got the radio on, you're singing every song.<3
Where have you been all my life?
Yep. It's a shame.
I think drake should be opening up for on this tour in houston. Hes hotter right now. Pause
well, I don't watch any of those shows
Hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday!
hm. Ill check on it. The managers may have it on private because it is finished with production and set to release.
we don't see eachother enough so we turned the away game into a game we were could drink.
If you knew my trials, you'd understand my joy...
": Oh my, ads on Rush Limbaugh? Bad business decision! IMO. #StopRush #FLushRUsh" he is a male chauvinist!
where is that from ?
And now for Anthony Davis and "One Shining Uni-brow"
I rest my case.
thanks for the RT. What a big news day for local places. SO happy you joined us and brought along last night.
Lesson #2 re sex assault claims: provide both parties with adequate time & info to prepare for a hearing.
Attention shoppers: If you just got a DM from me, it is SPAM. l've already changed my password. Apologies. Do not click on that link!
he gonna be alright I be high up there too
tweet me names for "Dear______"
fantastic, any reviews, good or bad, let me know. it'll be on amazon & all others, plus order from bkstores in about 2 wks.
UK has the best practice facilities and top notch resources to give their players the best tools to develop into the best player
1st person on a 1 p.m. conference call. Should the organizer be 1st? Should I start singing into an empty conference bridge?
some people i really just cannot stand... at all
ignore them there losers
#prayforjapan just terrible.
Thanks Matt. Looking forward to being on the west coast for a while.
According to Elias J. Richardson was actually the last F to do so on 4/15/08. I really wish the NBA specified b/w SF and PF
I love when people say 'Girl you are preaching to the choir', kills me every time.
I'm still at school ,I'm starving
my phone is racist, it finishes any thing ni to nigga and not allowed to and minorities popped in. dam you microsoft!!
I am the ow in the word now!
spread the word about #stopkony ?
CJ can get one in tonight!!!! I feel it!! #SportingKC go #lilrookie go!!
Great workout this morning! Great to see our regulars
You need to do a cover of "Magnet and Steel"! Excellent show last night in DC. Sorry we're a town of working stiffs!
lo #hate game smh
Twitter on iPad >
YES PLEASE <3
dad's been home for a month now and he's doing incredible ... thank you everyone for your prayers <3
#ImminentDanger Stanley, MJS managing editor: you can see why it is such a problem to come to agreement. People turn to personal agendas
Aw, the Obamas are hosting a Burt Bacharach concert in the East Room next week
I don't know of I could stay up to watch it all! :o
Off to an audition. Improv. I love these types of auditions.
There's a difference between the two! These things are important! ;)
Me right now tbh. “: Physically in school but not mentally there. #sotired #senior12prblms”
#RiseofthePlanetoftheApes . such a great movie. "Caesar is home"
Felipe Melo STILL trending? Damn
Freezing my ass off; how is it this cold right now?
yo gotti is on my xbox live friends list
Boyle was told that his apparent SHG was waves off for a kick.// loooool”
Too many people are living for compliments, instead of accomplishments.
#Jobseekers, hope to meet you during #HireFriday today! DM for info on newest job openings through Cambridge.
surviving summer camp day 3.... exhausted!! just glad the kids are having fun
Same shit different day .
I gotta text message that just pissed me off -G.Kirkland)
Euribor rates edge closer towards euro-era low
Happy Cinco de Drinko! Stay safe everyone!
ONE MONTH COUNTDOWN
Sounds good, if Mike needs a reference have him contact Dave at Picciones', they know each other.
Ready and waiting for you and Alison Bechdel! Walk-ups are welcome. Come on down.
People are already lining up outside Best Buy in Richfield for Black Friday deals! Find out what they want on WCCO Radio at 9am.
yuh. i saw ya'll at sweat records a while back at the metro zu show. message me mayne
And where I live..
my fault. I was riding a bike “: #TardyForTheParty RT : Omg - and just walked in. Woot! #smcnsb”
you're so cute!
what is all the stuff we have to look up? Cuz then i can do mine. Otherwise i'll have to do it tmrw.
My brother & nephew registered for comp admission for today's event. They just give their names once they arrive?
I Move House Too Much, I Really Wanna Park It Somewhere.
ah... Literally a clothes line... I wanted to see a wrestling move!!!
Beautiful Women A Get A Nigga Fucked Up!!
Listening to 300Soundtrack while lifting turns a good workout into an epic battle between iron and beast.
Ron Paul doesn't want to go to the moon b/c when he was a boy , the moon was commonly thought of as the god of the underworld.
just had a physical done and got a good ole 2 finger salute from the DR damn getting old sucks
-3 for the first round on 13 on kinect. Four 3-jacks though.
#doctorphil should fucking shut up and not call things that are funny raisest...look i just seid nigga...I am white..does that that matt ...
God Morning!!:)
sure would be nice if ATT upgrades their services.
Free Mixtape!! Hit Me up for a tracked out version...
Dear Kaylee, I LOVE YOUR NAME, K? We need to talk more, btw. You seem epik in my book tho.(: Tweetmeupsometime.! Love, Tatsiana
... If I were a Smurf I would be Jokey ... That guy was awesome! :)
Shame on them!
Mine will be 27 years this June 15th!
Just got off work tired as hell.. finna go fantastic4: make myself disappear, flame up, stretch out and sleep like a rock
So and can't find anything in government to cut. What do you people think?
haha do you have a facebook?
Ooh, that sounds good. I haven't had decent cornbread in awhile. Pumpkin soup and fudge cake :)
First Lady is in Dallas
Scholars don't understand the role of librarians, esp in the digital humanities
I don't understand the way men operate...
Amazed by lack of media attention on stock market this week. Not even an article in NY Post. Govt must be controlling negative news now
dan admitted to me that he thinks hes mentally slow... i knew it
Happy International Women's Day! Band together with women worldwide to celebrate womanhood and continue the fight!
its like 3 in the morning and can hear my cats beating the shit out each other outside
M delicious delicious man at SportsClub. Why didn't I wear my sexy shorts!
Next stop? Chicago! Z
C'mon man
Happy Holidays everyone!
RT “: Invest In Yourself.”
Got leads? NetTel does: 10 already today!
The fact that and I were born a day a part explains a lot about our attitudes. lol. But at least we're pretty :-)
Two questions: Who is Joseph Kony? Where's the OIL?!
- you recovered yet?;)
Rihanna -- I'm NOT Dating Raiders RB Darren McFadden
Rip Etta James
lol well when you not tired anymore cook for me
you're looking at a painting. you're looking at a picture. you're watching a film. you're dying.
who run this account? is it Harry (:
How you know? RT : Hell naw The Game fired Tia and Pooch aka Melody and Derwin! Well I want watch the show
Having a great Sunday Chillin'! And you?
Cenk is just mad his inferior show got canceled from MSNBC and replaced with Far Superior show, Politics Nation. is much better..
wake n bake that strong
pay no attention, you only get a few characters to work worth anyways. we understand you just fine!
FREE LEGAL FORMS, FREE BUISNESS DOCUMENTS, 900,000 CHEAPEST NATIONWIDE LAWYERS SITE & 500 LEGAL BOOKS ON AMAZON.COM, ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Thanks for sharing our research summary.
Love y'all to <3
Sent nephews down a steep hill in a wagon with a long rope tied to the back for a break. Its what uncles do right?
I just spent time wandering around my twitter feed in 3D. That was pretty cool, needs more work... but it is promising.
If you haven't been through it, you can't say shit.
I know ur here 4 me through these hard times right now God. I'm putting everything in ur hands now and asking 4 the strength 2 endure
All the Sutter skeptics look sorta foolish now... I guess.
well the reason is phase 1 is set to load you up on protein, cut carbs, then it starts to bring them back in.
great! Looking forward to hearing from u when it's done! :)
How Could Going Green Benefit Your Small Business? The reasons to go green are often pitched as necessary changes for the continued exist
(Back-up account. Tweet limit.) All the drama on Twitter is about James not being in the Vacouver pics && Carlos && Sammy.
Hey, nice! I've been trying to create something similar (but simpler) on weebly. This looks better.
out of fresh ideas Gusgus?
Correction, Event Horizon with Ancient Astronaut Theory tonight. This will be bad ass.
Thanks for the wonderful story of CASA DC youth and how she thrives with her volunteer advocate
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Good tips - The First Hour of an Online Crisis shar.es/b0xsm #edelmandigital /via
Lol im on the phone w u stop tweetin
Final days of the espresso bar Come now or forever hold your peace. Or your piece. Up to you.
Dear Pizza Delivery Truck That Looks Like A Vacant Cab: stop confusing everybody. Also, what are you doing delivering pizzas at 8am?
lol headed to Airport to catch my flight bk to Atl
Do yourself a favor and turn on the Big Ten Network to see and hear on the call.
LOL! I'm guessing the teacher told you about the story?
Tweeting from my computer class
wait warped or 1d? lol cause warped is better!!!!!
Are you missing something extremely important to your business? Do you wonder if you should invest more in Social Media Marketing?
CNN is doing a superb job at camera work tonight, capturing the narrative of the room.
I'm giving my nieces, nephews, and cousins a sleepover.
Trying to reduce my inputs.
BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them.
Plus, get there early to enjoy free cupcakes from EMILY'S DESSERTS!
average temp games played at sports authority in 2011 was 54 degrees. 9/12 75 degrees-rain, 1/1 35 degrees all sunny days.
I hear Willie is there as well. True?
Dog-sitting provided great opportunity for mini-power walk in beautiful WNY on a gorgeous March evening with a feisty terrier!
Surman @ #inplay2012 - limited distribution channels isn't good for anyone, including most big publishers; only Apple wants this
I just really wanna be involved in that, like booking tours and managing bands and all okay how fun would that be
I saw that crate flying. Do not envy people in the crowd.
tell merrydick to make a tweeter
i guess i never tweeted about how cool it is to have my stuff up somewhere...
yup im wit any wendy trip anytime lol
I've got the #Celtics in the first game winning and then i am going for #OKC in game 2 sorry #lakers fans
at the risk of sounding stalkery- I dreamt I was attending #Blogalicious11 and got to meet you and several other amazing bloggers
YES! RT : Breaking: NBC Renews PARENTHOOD For Season 4.
Oh yes, I'm definitely reading right now.
You "hear" from other people.. But have you ever actually heard from me?
if it was blue/teal I've seen these young men riding around smiling ion many occasions.
A little 9 year old boy with brain cancer has one wish to be trending on twitter His name is #RyanKennedy Pls RT to help him
thanks for bring a chuckle and a laugh to me day with your tweets.
hey morning chmpudines
#howard stern #americas got talent. King of all media to host.
Well, you're welcome, but also: thanks, back. I enjoyed reading them. :-)
lyrically went from a bic to a flamethrower
Mark, we're starting a fact finding effort about vehicle habitation violations, San Diego,. Is this a concern for you?
Any graphic designers out there that read/listen to us? We're looking for a cool, scale-able logo that sums up the show. Let us know!
Miss you more Karla! Add me on Skype now: dfinla! Kisses
Great call with via
Thank you for this!
Unlock the heart of your Valentine this season by booking a couple’s massage.
yeah got a bruise
Pretty much, unless Thanos shows up.
O.o
Avengers was great!
“Ideas have a short shelf life. You must act on them before the expiration date.”
Thinking too much of what others think of you ultimately changes what you think of yourself.
Living Legends of Aviation was awesome! Harrison Ford presented an award; and Morgan Freeman received "Inspiration and Patriotism Award."
New workaholics and new futurama would work better than new workaholics and new tosh
N American money how much would a hostel be?
"Art is constant tension & release. That is where artists live, between the two or at times submerged in either." Dave Liebman
New genre every week on FM Expressive! (Sun 10pm-12am)
how is that possible he's so fluffy and plump. And i'm guessing we didn't win the giveaway
My pleasure! Blessings, Psychic Bob
ayo bro I got ahommie that want you to call. he said he want to pay u 50 dollars to speak with u about a business deal
There is no internal peace without internal honesty.
The efficiencies of equipment and how technology keeps getting better! You?
Next, will make you lose the beard OH WAIT
RT : Keep all alert! On 4/24 all shd visit website for a nice surprise!
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
I don't trust these niggas ...
David broke my flower... he was just picking it up & then, omg.
Castle rockin it up then on to windsor and fort collins to visit family and friends.
G. Roger Denson: When the Personal Is Made Political: Left Political Art Timeline, 1980-1989
For a project looking for early instances of dc:rights, prior to summer 2001. Anybody got data?
Damn my baby got that good powowuye.
Thanks, we do our best :)
6.5 mile beach run, all the way to Pacific Palisades mountains. The weather is ridiculous, going to catch some rays for a bit! ☀🌊🏄🏊
Headed to Loring Park.
I'll build my way out of your demise.
I have been to the falls and I love it :)
Your neenerneenerneener just pushed me over the Ohmygodmygmailisdown edge.
Watch me get smacked by Asian carp in Central Illinois. Checking out worst spot in nation for special report tonight on KSTP-TV at 10.
happy birthday (: Have a great one! xx
oh..I loved all 3 records u gave me..esp the Yellow one!
#3thingsyoushouldknowaboutme 1.i don't take shit from anyone 2.I'm honest,if you don't like what i say idgaf 3.don't get on my bad side grrr
lol come im all cute not naughty
wanna chill monday ? i aint got shit planned .
I'm actually bawling, this is just one more thing I don't need to be happening
We are going to Chavez to have the ceremony :I lol
Congrats you just won 4 free tickets to Opening Day of Summerfest! DM to provide contact info!
Roswell NM is centered all around the UFO museum I found out the hard way the museum is the type of place u pay, u take a pic, u Go!!!
Morphine life
I read a story about a man strapping his girlfriends 4 kids onto the top of his car and driving around. Nuts... #JailTimeDUMP!
RT ": Big Thank you to all the Astros fans for the love and support the past year1/2. H-town will always be home.”
Will do
wat it dew
You can help your business partnership.
Man dat Blake Griffin Dunk is OK. He barely touched da rim. Good but not no dunk of da year.
Dust off your TEAL, y'all! RT : Just finished planning the #Tealtini Happy Hour on 9/8!!
I don't know how I'm going to tell you I can't play with you no more
And no fishbowl, because Luongo doesn't coach college football.
Could I ask you important question?
right about now little brandon.
Damn you Linda Holmes!
Anyone w info about couch surfing or hostels pls call me. 3473675689
Times are hard but life is good. Thank God for everyone I love and everyone that loves me!
PR Tip of the Day: Never, ever burn a reporter with bad information. If they can’t trust you as a source, you will no longer be a source.
Brilliant! I wish that we could import contacts from Twitter... #Google+
i have an ipod. computer. steve jobs was our wizard to us muggles.
Good Morning People
Got approval for my dance from my grandson. Getting ready for my big day.
You look like a "Princess" upon whose neck I would enjoy feasting... Why don't you ever visit?? Your Friend, Love, MM
Sending up prayers to all my friends in a scary tornado warning in Alabama & Tennessee. Be safe!
I agree. There is still a feeling of the "Old West" lingering in NV
Cool seeing ,, and , today.
sitting in the student parking lot bumping refill !
I didn't know that lol! We have some family friends who own a resort on Indian Point, so we always stay there in a condo.
did he just miss quote an REO Speedwagon song??
Today I did a total of 72 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 4, Day 2, Level 1)
Settling into the new place. Hello Los Angeles!
Hey #LAKings, #VanCanucks would like to play in the Detroit/San Jose Golf Classic that starts tomorrow. Let's help out!
A tiring week with a big weekend ahead. On the plus side, I got the copier to work.
RT : How can YOU get involved in #DPLA? Join workstream, wiki, support radical collab, attend/host an event.
Done. & Meryl. RT Hanks rumored to play Walt Disney in film about bhnd-the-scenes drama of MARY POPPINS t.co/0iWngXuh
man Marv you late on the tweet game.. We been here done this lol
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate �
recall news: 14 humans sickened w/ Salmonella via Diamond brand dog food(several recently recalled). Touching pets after feeding may b cause
Ok, I need to figure out this twitter thing...
Correction.. Mike crisp *
Watching the race?
i am still tha one and onli CHARACTER IN THIS RAP GAME NO MATTER WAT HAPPENS
I'm good just watchin TV & votin
NY teams are having a tough couple of days. LAA/NYY 4-3 in the 7th.
Out WSOPC Event 5. Coming back Saturday to play the main event.
You moron, Dill pickles don't destroy communites Meth does
U2 Michelle ! “: Happy Monday Peeps! May your week be productive and fulfilling! <3”
done for the night!!
either of you going to Facebooks meetup for nonprofits in a cpl weeks?
stop being a pussy
The Boob Dust worked! You won a microchip for your pet! We have the certificate.
“Art is not a thing, it is a way.” ~Elbert Hubbard
Nobody get what I go through, what ive been through.
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Enjoying a relaxing clean up of the Bus office after FestiBus last night. SO WORTH IT
TODAY- I'll be live on the Urban Forum Talk Radio Show at Deja Vu Book Lounge & Sensational Boutique -1783 Lexington Ave in NYC from 4-7p.
Thanks! We appreciate your business! RT Love the iPhone app!
If you have more than 2,000 Facebook friends you really need to get your shit together
Thanks, but Italian girls know how to work it every second of our lives. On the streets and in the sheets
Like in the next 2 years
Brandon - Impossible to verify All his moves.
Which part of Oklahoma are you in?
People be jealous of our
But I do like it when you say it....
Very possibly, as is the case with so very many places. I love working in a kunsthalle
It's on. Is this a test of the American Broadcasting system?
I have no clue what you're talking about! i am pretty sure you made that up to get $10 off of me lol
bout to start renting out clubs. But throughout the next couple months we got some mixtapes set to drop.
Drake's On A Plane
Religion is not why evangelical conservatives oppose #Romney. It's his moderate background and
you have a lot of fav movies btw love you new icon💗
Tucson's Business Clubs America holding it's May Signature Event at Loews Ventana Canyon this Thursday. Guest Speaker is Gene Marks of NYT
As it turns out, I HATE being blackout drunk. Lolol
Your pussy is powerful... Like it has a strong scent... Terrible enough to smell coming a mile away
hello gorgeous :)
Picked up a box from the shop for my bday headpiece. Thank you - it shall be put to a devious (but good) use!
"Market yourself as a multi-tool."
Colorado lab tech blames boss for mistakes on DUI blood sample tests - Denver Post
damn right you can't.
Leff: notion of a "green economy" has transplanted more nuanced notion of "sustainability"
Sometimes I don't want to be here.
"Spit-up on my shoulders" gave me a Connie Francis earworm.
Yes. But you'll be disappointed.
Did you see us at the International Boston Seafood Show?
Going to pick up my Mom's Edible Arrangement.
Good Morning.... Happy Friday.. Day 2 *Wisconsin State Fair* .. WoooHoooo
I fucking love Blood Bank!
Thanks for Disco-ing with us! It was fabulous!
Just wondering if you got my email I sent a little over a week ago? Haven't gotten any word back since then.
Big Bill supports #OccupyChicago! As mayor, I was called "The People's David," fighting for the regular Chicagoan vs. the sinister interests
Sorry! But I refuse to root for miami. -_- lol
Trev has decided to get wasted right before dinner at my house
german shepherd :> but he was the only one with an blue eye. lasjdl;ksadjf i love his eyes :> gahhh
Correction. took the day off just to get some
can I bring gasoline too? please please please?
My brother desperately needs a job in the Tomball, TX area. Has an AA degree and is a hard worker. Please help.
Good morning sunshine :)
Extra grateful for my New School classmates today :-)
"we ended gender discrimination by insurance corps..there was a gender tax!" Why would we go back?
I love you
Yep, it's pretty lame, isn't it? Remind me to tell you some stories from my time in the trenches, as an orchestra librarian!
Who all's coming to Panama City Beach for Spring Break?!
we good celtics still in it
See what's crazy is, two people arguing basketball, two brains, and Google... And still you got nothing right..
. If I don't get an associate professorship AT LEAST out of this, the internet will have failed. Coming for datazz, Shelby Foote.
how can I send you inappropriate direct messages if you're not following me back? I guess email could suffice.
Amy Bruchs: Unfair competition agreements--more than just noncompetes.
-Nice story -Congrats!
We are too! Our #StreetVendorFundraiser @ the ELACC house is days away, so we hope you can make it/ RT!
There is no such thing as a perfect leader either in the past or present, in China or elsewhere
Hell Yeah
Reporting live from Uncommon Women Series where the topic is non profit work.
Bach often liked to play around w the letters in his name (H was Bb or something). No D in Bach...
Have you joined our valued program? W.sushisasadenver.com/valuedprogram/
My mom notices when guys check me out more than I do
#anfernee jr. came to play #duke # michigan
starts at 7.30ish. But will go for a while I hear its fashionable to be late these days.
I have now tried Chicago and New York pizza...who is the winner?!
it is me its Mason . asked if I wanted to guest tweet. Heck ya! It's been awesome
“: Lots of skunks in Arkansas.” yeah it wasn't weed hahaha
Watching shoot video!
Good morning!!!
yay! Can't wait!
Off work kinda tired but o well
I use my house keys to open my door, i use my #piano keys to open your mind and soul.
Can I make an appt with you? For bike fit. What's the best way to do that? Thanks!
I wasn't until now, but: KETCHUP!
I'm glad my daughter has gotten a grasp on this and chosen to really have control and limited the on line usage & totally focus on school 👏
chill with that! mickey mouse is a cartoon and he hasnt done no harm to you! lol
Work work work work lol. Tomorrow is pay day!! xD then Harry Potter with friends? I think so.
Ugh life could be a Lil better right now
where does he live?
all I wanted was a Pepsi!!!?!
you completely just made my whole entire day....<3
let's hear it!!
so is it a publishing medium then? people are posting what they're thinking about? or what they want? or just "liking" things?
DHHS's Patrick Gavin will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
I don't like who you've become. We need to talk, ASAP.
The world ending in 2012? I think we're all forgetting Phil of the Future was from 2121.
I am attending Google's webinar Happening right now!
Yw RT : Thanks for retweet! Hope you're having a great day!
There are a lot of swimming pools in DAWN OF THE DEAD's alternate universe Milwaukee...
ONE DAY 'TIL DISCO! Online advance ticket sales have ended, but don't fret! You'll be able to buy tickets at the door tomorrow!
Smile when you answer the phone. Your customers will love you for it.
Thank you for all the shoutouts! Really appreciated!
Today is my first "last day of the fiscal year" at Murray State. Hoping I have everything done that needs to be done by the end of the day.
walking around w/ my seester, neeeda clear my mind.
We want to know - Would you get a service animal to assist you with daily activities based on a disability? What type of animal would it be?
and I am so happy you ate here.
What will your legacy be?
"In God we trust, all others must bring data." -Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Google
I can tell you the lyrics to every Yellowcard song.
Swagger if I want to.
can't wait!
#lifelessonsfromoldfilms The best game to play with a handsome retired jewel thief is: everytime you say a mean thing, kiss
": Warming up for#Mad Men w/ "Redemption" high-rye bourbon blend. Maybe Sterling Cooper should pitch the account."
did you write on my car last night #fuckyaifitwasyou lol
Good Friday is definitely an American holiday. What other day would Americans celebrate screwing someone else for their own gain?
RT : The Dewey Decimators didn't win at Trivia last night, and I think it was mostly due to not being in...
I'll be number 3 for ya cause 3rd times a charm
Cool site.
Are lady lobbyists the new pharma reps? Pls advise.
RT : I want to make a television show called "How It's Torn Apart." The answer will always be "wild dogs."
i love austin mahone so much <33
Haha thats why he's always grunting cause he's out of breath. LoL fat mother fucker
Wow that is awesome!You will def have to let me know when you go national!And sure thing what page would you like me to share
my profile pic is one of my main designs out now. It comes in multiple colors as well.
what's your name ? Lol so we can play
Q: What do you call a fake noodle? A: An Impasta.
We are finishing up post-production this week. Sending out for packaging in the next couple weeks. Look for news on upcoming screenings.
I get all my Music, News, Quotes, etc from Twitter
thanks much!! Starting to get up there now....yikes!
Listening 2 the radio
don't worry about it I'm just gonna charge it and just give me the money in NYC !!
NASCAR takes the week of for Easter. Conversely, the Masters Tournament was played yesterday. Conclusion, golfers are pagans.
Oral exam for senior thesis. really don't want to blow this one.
Diggy Simmons needs to stay in his damn lane...he can't even afford to say J.Cole's name lol
Should have specified "...and I don't personally know you" Hehehe. :) But you have tweeted since then.
Life's Greatest Treasures - Weeping may endure for a night, But joy comes in the morning. Psalms 30:5 What would be the point of living...
I found you a pilot !
Day-f---ing-eynu.
NCAA won't let Joe B Hall coach the UK Legends against the Dominican National team at Rupp Arena!!! Opinion??
Great prom night! After party time wooop
Just got a Baller apartment. Already saw two hot chicks Layin out. It's like I'm back in Malibu.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. William Shakespeare
holy crap, . We have the coolest friends ever! RT-ing now!! :-)
don't tempt me lol
Tweet me any question related to customer service & feedback for your business! I'll answer it in 140 characters or less, I am here to help!
too positive for your style, or in general?
At home watching Titanic shows on NGC
The truth always comes to light !!
Fingers crossed the sound of the rain helps me sleep tonight.
which one?
Getting another tattoo this summer , I only have 1 . Ppl barely know I got that one !
DVD Regions 1-7 are covered are covered in both NTSC and PAL...also a Digital Copy available on the two disc set in case.
So why am I supposed to like Sleigh Bells?
#Occupy isn't getting as much attention at #mla12 as I expected. Has the academy's activism turned largely inward?
Ready to see my peeps and head to the lake for the weekend!
Keratoconus is an abnormal bulging of the cornea of the eye.
I can relate. Food allergies are scary, life changing, and difficult, but they're also expensive!!!
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a Mud Run! What gets your butt off the couch?
I avoid running with scissors! Haha. And I joined a gym.
As usual I'm too busy doing nothing, to find something useful to do, I really should finish off writing the sitcom I started
Win an iPad 3 (32GB) for having the best score on Flap! (iOS) which is available now...for free. Top score on Game Center, wins the iPad.
Share your favorite word. Today I pick: inspire.
That sounds like a brilliant mix, just add a shot of limoncello!
r u awake friend.
I do the same thing Sharon. No frills 4 me either. Probably because I'm surrounded by boys/males.
my mom was struck in the face by one of those helicopters at the mall. Have you ever done a story on the safety of them?
how do you know this?
I don't like chemistry that much.
So Congress can't change the budget for 10 years...what type of governing is that??
Granger was gone give it to Lebron
Useful discussion of scale from Josh Mehler in J10
« I'm going back to sleep.»
Dear Bank of America - can I please pass on the "new benefits" and just skip the new monthly fee?
Happy Friday! Celebrate the weekend with us at Last Comic Standing tomorrow night - 10pm in the Weasler
or atleast wear a bag over your head
retweet this one....
Yes, I would like to talk about #ochi library.
Getting pumped up about the Ampeg GVT5-110 giveaway! Are you?
RT : i've moved a lot in the past ten years.
Thanks for the follow , , and
yes, except I wanted a nap :/
Feelings hurt bc u got ignored? :) RT : I'm curious to know what tweets celebrities deem necessary to reply to vs. which to ignore
what's up??
I know 3 facts about you: 1.You can't say 'M' without your lips touching. 2.You're trying it now looking like an idiot. 3.Now you're smiling
Help us take back Congress & join us at our phonebank on Thurs. @ 5:30pm. Hilton Bayfront, Sapphire Room L
Merry Christmas everyone! It's great people are personalizing their text messages this year!
miss u too! also
Listening to e2onair - gospel show
Some people are annoying. And justify the wrong because they think they're 'in love'. Well ive got news for you. YOURE ANNOYING AS BALLS!
Did u c the Bube Brewery on TAPS? lol. RT : Boobs.Bewbs. Thats rely the only point to this tweet. ( . ) ( . )
RT Kodak to sell its photo-sharing site to Shutterfly
I just said "HammerofThor!" loudly in your honor.
Hope the physics problems get easier. :)
Whoopi's fart ended the war?!
on our way
Ha.. You're so fake.
Thanks, glad you liked the tutorial! Always happy to meet more WordPress folks in
Have a great time! Eat beignets! Don't drink the water! Tweet!
At the crime scene lol
how you feeling????
That milk bite commercial is cute I love that mini thing
The Black Mamba and CP3 in LA. Thoughts?
Parking non-issue (motorcoach) Probs not downtown as previous night they'll be Lodging @ Westin Hotel
RTOREWARDS turns passive customers into active, engaged customers by rewarding positive behaviors and encouraging repeat business. Call us!
You can always order online! We have many more styles available on our site than in our cozy shop-- & free U.S. shipping! :)
Get it jayhawks.
Biology today guise c; good luck!
Aw thanks :D 5'1 ftw! : A Train don't worry about heels you will stand tall in tennis shoes!
ion you trynna share i walk over dere and everything
you would.
it's all good, awesome i will let you know as more information becomes available.
RT : nice job andy and crew: Startup Kansas: Kickanotch Raises $1.1 Million For Its One-Stop Mobile Marketing Shop...
I dislike when Ibrahim tried to get me to talk to her.
get some CHeep!
Good daddy. :)
Never in my life did I think I would boo #worldpeace but a #laLakers made it happen
Ok...so who has done #insanity?
call you in 30 min
Hmm, then I think I can go on the 5th or 6th depending on the time if thats okay! Did he tell you anything about time?
Truth will set you free
dude! It's seriously so annoying! It made me want to throw my phone!!
Thanks for the #FF :D
why? That is kind of sad! Don't they get lonely?
Waiting on to set up this studio time...
#whatcouldtopwednesday saints and members of NFC announce secession, reviving USFL
what a coincidence! I hear they have some of that at Jose Macs.
congrats on the overwhelming launch ;) chaos makes for a good start
Tasty Tuesday! This sounds like a delicious salad. Well, anything with avocados, really.
What I really need is a puppy .-.
Isn't it amazing the kinetic energy potential mother earth possesses? Cool stat!
Why would I talk to you if all you do is annoy the shit out of me?
Wow! Tebow is amazing!
shot out
Best boyfriend: for taking care of me I love you more than words can describe babe
Chilling with my girls! :)
talking about the difference between practitioners & researchers - & how they have historically been lumped together
Working on the June newsletter... looking forward to the lime green boots!
Nice day at the Grand Rapids Public Museum!
Exactly what I was thinking.
Love my Zagg! While it isn't the cutest, the keyboard has super long battery life & thoroughly protects the iPad. Good choice!
Getting some Easter bunny prints ready!
Is there a talk show host race for 'most sincerely concerned face?' I ask, because it seems Ann Curry is in some sort of competition.
I need some traditional sounding Nigerian names. Help me out people!!!
Just saw last Died laughing "I swear to God Megan I will cut your hair & kill you if you don't move faster."
ill do that (: i really hope it makes up for this other song. I understand sometimes not the better songs that come out 1st.
MCC to MIZ “: Just pledged my verbal commitment to the University of Missouri! #Tigers #MIZ”
After sending an email campaign, I love to keep refreshing my MailChimp dashboard to see real-time opens and click rates.
It's just hard to take anything too seriously in Comic Sans which strangely worked for the Pepsi and Coke ads. Lol
so i already know who my 23,000 tweet is going to! if u can guess i ll add u to the tweet =-]
Majority of Americans support #SB1070 because most Americans support the enforcement of our country's immigration laws
You too? Awesome!
You're most welcome!
Thanks for the link let me read on
thanks to your tweet, everyone IS at Anvil! There was a line spilling onto Westheimer :)
Now up is the final presentation session for #umwfa11 Student Careers, Job Bank, and Teaching History Commons
That's a bummer, but you're amazing for your devotion! :)
just came back from Malibu Beach!!!
It's oh so clear
The mailbag: Ranting about schedules - ESPN (blog)
glad i got my ticket before the weekend! sold out hella fast!
Thanks for the RT Very much appreciated!
Can't take credit. It's a classic. :)
I havent been able to talk to anyone the last week, working 17 hour days, but finishing today so catch up call time!!
all seats are general admission. No reserved sections
Taking a nap right after eating some bomb food is just amazing
Haha.Im trying to get the hang of this.Lol.But Hey :)
I would suggest Claudaugh or Hofbrahaus!
Happy #Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
ha ha well ur not sweating if ur tweetin ;-)
The easiest way to lose a lot of weight is to have a lot of weight to lose.
Have a great Thanksgiving from the Nunn Center. Take time to listen to life stories this holiday
Food done who want some teriyaki chicken and veggie rice 😃😃😃
Everybody is just a stranger. That's the danger in going my own way. That's the price I've got to pay.
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment.
REMY MARTIN GOT ME FEELING GOOD HE SAUD WASSUP
good...not on twitter much...lets catch up on email: you can find it on my page. = )
I just got it- I don't have Internet for the majority of my school day
Yes, I eat raw spinach with my fingers sometimes.
Who Is Like The Lord? NOBODY!
": Thinking about new boobs by the fall. Don't think u need them at all! Ur perfect.
You Really Got Problems Ok. Someone Needs To Teach You A Lesson Before I Do
many congrats! I can wait for the day I can say that. It will happen sometime in 2019!
No, I'm saying "what? NO!?" Sorry for the confusion.
only my honky tonk hero oh and some girl named Carrie underwood. ...
Kings Road Cafe in West Hollywood has a great huevos rancheros. Order it without sour cream and you have a gluten and dairy free breakfast!
HI, My name is Ash'Lee & i'm addicted to buffalo wild wings.
any of those two.
Just 45 mins until the next special performance by du Soleil @ #drupa - only 5 more chances to see it, don't miss out!
Ugh i heard you been lying. i heard you been snitching... Thats why i cant Fu** wit you instigating Bitches, cappn on me and my nigg**
Bahn Mi Sunday!! Yes, everyones favorite pork belly sandwich is back, along with your choice of chicken or tofu. Only on Sundays!!
just a small town girl... livin in a lonely world !
Hi Stella! We sent you some info earlier today about our new Chicago-based app, ! Just wanted to see if you got it!
Progressive Dane Board Cand: Jeff Pertl, Susan Bailey, , Paul Rusk, Patrick Downing, Maureen McCarville, Patrick Miles! [2/2]
there is actually nothing in it. Just read through. Guess its just a cover.
lol. You petty too then
Listening to my newest track... L.O.V.E... it is da shyt
I know because it came from you!
Kickin some ass!
was funny to look up and see dicaprio standing on the side smoking a cig
Brilliant roots tunes playing right now. Sounds like Sylford Walker.
never say never
Lets go #Brewers!
Note to self: milspec Camelbak reservoirs cost the same as the consumer grade ones and look much cooler.
even though it was yesterday, happy #nationalbestfriendday love ya to <3
Veteran Media Executive Alan McGlade Launches DEV to Promote Next Generation Digital Media Companies
In need of a science experiment topic in your house? Try putting one old egg and one fresh egg into a bowl of water and see what happens!
Thanks for the mention about 4word Thought!
Shit! You just had to crush my dreams, huh?
have a great DC weekend!
Saturday stop by your local branch and fill out a postcard to City Council!
you suck
Madison, WI, USA
Congratulations! Hopefully the heat wasn't too much!
KFC Employee of the Year: D-wade haha
What's a seven letter word for something that is sweet, best served cold, and is what Kuh-laire's gonna get? Oh, yeah! Revenge.
Java has only good parts for you? Please let me LOL like I never did.
Where are you guys now?
The hate is flowing for right now....so proud! And they said Cleveland let it go.
have you ever seen elbows thrown like that from a standing position in an MMA fight?
A coming split between knowledge and degrees?
yeah, and although Arsenal fans (esp away fans) sing it often, I have heard Chelsea fans sing it too. It is kinda universal
Justin get in my fucking bed !!!<3
Done with work for the night. You know the drill!
tell me this isn't a one time thing tonight ? Great to hear you on the radio again man !
call me
I just met the director of our institute! she's so nice! after 5 weeks, this job is starting to feel real.
"I am the Marlow of my mouth" - philip roth, the anatomy lesson.
C'mon Lakers. Please just close this out. Up 5 with 14 minutes left to go.
Seriously this summer is gonna be great. <3
Oan: I ain't mad just wish they would tell us there secret.....To much like right!....
May issue arrives from the printer today; wing nites per usual; Aultman Brothers at the Brown; DJs at Boomies & Coney...
Very cool! Glad to see you here. :)
Then ima get behind it &d ima make that thang ride,riiidddeeee :D
Happy Valentines day everyone! I hope your sweetie gets you a Royal Flush
"Intelligence plus character-that is the goal of true education." — Martin Luther King Jr.
Since it's been a wacky week...let's end it with some wacky vids -- send me your favorites -- I'll start though....
When is it? I shud be in ny 28-29 WE anyway : I was just looking into it!
Hey. You don't know me and all, but I want to marry you so you can father my young.
im watching all the vids u were in with alex :)
With my girliesss :*
Strawberry Icee....yum...
I shall not say goodbye cause i dont wanna lose u. I shall simply say goodnight in hopes of seeing you again tomorrow! Xo xo-Prince
Very Inspirational story on on CBS Sunday Morning today, Justin is an incredible musician and even better person!
FOLLOW ME, ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME ME
At the 2012 awards gala!
hey at least now you have an excuse for them getting beat :).
It will not stop rainin in indianapolis
Ran over a squirrel... don't tell Abby
Funny #wine quote apparently attributable to Louis P Martini: "You want oak? Chew a toothpick!"
Yo i found an Octane CD today while i was cleaning my apartment, can I get a RT?
Anyone out there running #BostonToBigSur ? I need a pacer. :)
Happy New Years all! 2012 is gonna rock! It has already started off great! I have two auditions and a new job:)
Snooze Fest! Is this the bathroom break part of the show? Go back to commercials
We're up to 200 Likes! Thanks to all of our great customers! We'll have the drawing & announce the winner this afternoon
I.love it.i live it.when you eat
One of the most # #AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay is that they are giving away real samples and don't. Follow us for real free samples daily.
Yes sir. I would loves some recs. It was great to meet you too!
Pray everyday for the next day.
A wish doesnt just come to you nataturally you gotta play life by the gun and live it, make it happen. For some day that wish you made b ...
Really did not like the pilot for the HBO show "Girls". Couldn't relate to any of the characters. :(
Alone again, naturally
Runyan canyon time!!
Dip to the ground as I catch the bass..
Happy Halloween everyone!
Did you know, Americans collectively donated $303 billion to non-profits in 2009?
The guy behind me just criticized "Sheldon Brokeback"
im classy
My hair sheds so much im like a dog
RT Every night before I go to sleep I check under my bed for Herman Cain.
nah that's ok
the 3:15 Union to Penn Station? Sounds like a long night.
Absolutely! Tuesday, perhaps?
Singing to people on the highway
i know, they are. they helped me through the late 90s. [fyi. she's now transitioned to macy gray!]
'YOLO' is pretty annoying....
Are you and one and the same? I believe you are. Prove not.
hes good at what he does
Just left Santa cookies and a glass of milk. OK half a glass of milk. OK just cookies...which I ate. Santa gets a Bud Lite Lime
Leaving for Minnesota tomorrow
Enjoy the summer day...much cooler tomorrow.
interesting! We have heard that touch is pretty critical to well-being.
hahaha I felt to awkward
My place is with crochet. These are my people.
My last day of my 2nd semester of graduate school is tomorrow.
will you please follow me back tonight it would mean the world to me if you did your so adorable <333 :) :) follow me please
Hacienda mudslide. <3
I recieved a Bronze President of the United States's Community Service Volunteer Award :)
Apple designers say each new design must be presented alongside a mock-up of how that design might evolve in the 2nd or 3rd generation.
Pleased to announce I will be playing at King King in Los Angeles on April 26th with Lynx & Salva as part of a Do Lab event!
You totally should but it'd have to be a bright colour
One thing I have never done... kiss someone under a mistletoe... u should help me with that sometime lol
Classic Bulls vs. Blazers game 6 on Comcast. Man I love watching Bulls games at the old Chicago Stadium. Those crowds were awesome!
ACK! New Gmail looks horrrrrrrribbbbllleeeee. double you tee eff
Hanging with my tookie
so true.
Cheers Family Travel Gurus #FF:
How cool would it be for to open for !!!
I think you make up these dunks. I need proof. Lol.
Nothing like a quick splash in the pacific to cure a "mild" hangover..
is this shit real? should i pinch you? after all the things that we been through, i got you.
Met the Kardashians/Jenner family last night <3 what a flawless family and they make it look so easy <33 love them
I feel da joy rising... how do I push it down again? Can never be too careful?!? lol
kudos to u
Va Stand up lookin to work wit producers and artist from Virginia holla at us
The brave feeling you get when you send your crush a friend request on Facebook...
Starting a fund. Please contact me if you have any advice.
I made that mistake before haha
Oh no, I hate that orange stuff.
You know just reminiscing :)
found it in cable lol!! "Sam's!"
Don't go another day without a prayer for your family and the ones you love. RT
Missed the Ad2 Program last night? Check out our website (www.ad2cincy.org) to read all about it!
ITS PART OF A SONG!! AND OMG ASHLEY BENSON WAS ON BUT DIDNT REPLY TO MEH :( CRYING!!
has anyone told you today how darling you are? well, you are!
Vegas real estate is still a bargain!
really??? Mine had the area of a square on it.
Fuck the world: I have weed
what's is there again? Next year?
I agree! RT:“: I'm still in denial over leaving us. One of the best-ever colleagues and human beings! #goodbyejoe”
looking good! Try not center aligning that paragraph though!
Cause good things come to those who wait
were you on the 5? I saw something that looked rough on the northbound side. eek.
Cyrus is running like his life depends on it. Olympic trials style.
nice meeting you guys Safe travels with the rest of your tour with candlebox!!
The Christmas lights are strung, with two new strings this year. Bring it on, neighbors.
Goodell is def ruining shit but atleast today we are seeing some semblance of defense with Jet game, Gmen pats n pit ravens
Photographers. Want to know what is in my bag? A camera. A few lenses. Oh, the bag is the exactly the same one that you have.
oh sure laugh at my pain
maybe you should moderate what new forum topics post to your twitter?
thanks4mention&don't know how to attract,don't know much about women
You, my mom and my favorite cousin share the same first name. :-)
please send this 19 yr old to WI for the weekend. I guarantee entry to many bars for appropriate slappage across the face.
u r the best!!!
#FF #training & development experts helping others grow
rude. I'm not a groupie.
Mama is so proud of you. Keep doing it honey.
Today in 1925: this astronaut and Hall of Fame inductee was born!
i've been almost crushed by compact shelving multiple times
doris malkmus 'the archives is the chemistry lab of the humanities'
Exit Through the Gift Shop was a trip but I loved it
NASA's upcoming mission to Jupiter can't get much greener than this: a solar-powered, windmill-shaped spacecraft.
Almost done!
About to record this.....
Any high school #junioryear folks out there auditioning for musical theatre programs in 2012? We can help!
Nice to see you today. Let's have lunch when it's calmed down for you. I'll light a candle for you and send positive energy. MGH
Yep .. I agree The Artist was the best picture this year
I'm watching it
Need some more followers
i have no idea what tht is lol
I am so hush up boy
Has had a no good very rotten day
Great. So call me. I'm home now.
Paula is mad because they didn't ask her out, she is a Hater.
Great show tonight keep bringing it
My radio never stopped just say'n
I love you boo boo :) your the best girlfriend ever!
This NYC humidity is sh!teous. Especially for my hair. Enough already.
I love Him so much, I love how close we are.. I wouldn't change us for the world
thx 4 following! We need more female Mc's out there! Nik is cool but she doesn't talk about ish
DJ ENVY ONE LIVE NEXT WEEK - THURSDAY, JULY 15TH @ CLUB 24
You got skills. How many guitars do you make in a year on average? Anyone famous have your instruments?
T-29 days! Have you ordered your copy of Gamestorming yet?
What up?! RT : NICK! What up!
Learned some ish today
Heck just don't lose by 20 each night
'Euro trip' is so bad its good. My housemates made me watch it when I studied abroad in Britain
#IReallyMiss the way things used to be with me and you </3
Student loan interest rates could double on July 1st. How can we keep college affordable for students?
my xbox wont bring up to get new code
Brownies and NyQuil
I want my star wars shirt but NO has it-.-
guess what???? The hot neighbor lost his dog again!!! And u weren't here!!!!!
How come nobody ever talks about Mama New Guinea?
Where can I find a Chuck Brown costume? Best musician of all time.
lmao i promise i will !
Glad to see Kelly Clarkson shed her Jan Brady look from Super Bowl last week for tonight's #Grammys. another forgettable moment from
To succeed it is necessary to accept the world as it is and rise above it. - Michael Korda
Sizzle sells the steak? Ok. But if you want my repeat business - you better deliver more than sizzle.
Gotcha, but I don't think you can do it on twitter since they use a URL shortener.
me out on sound cloud my name on there is r+b songstress
I'm beyond speechless right now. Holy shit!
My son is only 4 &his front tooth is falling off..... Is that normal????
lolz never watched it:)
ASAP. I'll call you in a few
2 down. 3 to go. Then it's time for Avengers to Assemble!
ot to mention she's super nice. I like that you, like her, have your own unique style. A great listen.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read. - Mark Twain
Congrats to on her 2nd marathon yesterday in Fort Collins - great work Lindsay!!!
This how horror movies start out..
its the weekend hanging with the dog
yep, makes sense to me! I think I got it now, thanks!
If you fall, get up and try it again. -Juelz Santana
hacked again???
Thought it possible it was an City College psych student.
your tour starts on my b-day:) (brithday)
we're all puppets to the world, the difference is who's pulling the strings
J.R. Smith makes me irrationally happy.
hey guys help to get more followers!! :)
SPECIALS: Ham torta $ 3.99. ---2 tamales with warm hot chocolate $ 3.99 --- These specials end November 14. So hurry and come in!
Congrats to Diane Breslow for guessing Papa Gil's! We have put $7 into your account. Have a great weekend!
Dennis: Many other economists, including Solo, Nobel laureate, support #LivingWage. Economists disagree, not a hard science, interpretive.
take my job! I'm putting in my two weeks tomorrow..
My handwriting varies: Page 1:Excellent Page 10:Fine. Page 20:Language change.
good looking out, I believe in you-- remember that as the rush happens, find yr. neutral place, tell yrself it's temporary.
I know you didn't ask me, but I'd go Tabata. Love that guy.
I'm not sure about how I feel about guys who do their eyebrows.
Cashier: "will that be it for you?" "No, I'd like all this invisible shit, too."
Had my class watch today. A productive discussion followed.
Up working gonna take a nap and then head to record with #dopeness shall happen
You're not gonna die if you don't have the latest/up to date material things. Some people just have it better than others.
it's almost 4 in the morning! WHY I AM STILL UP!!
Thanks for coming out on Friday and supporting our local vendor's right to vend legally! Hope to see you at our next event!
Dominic is driving me crazy, HE's so hot and so Straight. WHY Dominic why do you have to B hot and straight, but he soo good EYE CANDY
wow that's descriptive
Anytime Man RT Pretty happy Bubba put in a shift today
Record Store Day!
is twitering at the other side of the room.
Now that knocked it out of the park it's 's turn! (listening to the new mixes!!!!)
still got one?
"To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power."-- Maya Angelou Happy Mother's day!
That album was the followup to License to Ill and the Beastie's split from Def Jam. They went rogue and made a bold followup.
Happy New Year, everyone! Start today making the change you want to see in the world. PLZ RT!
#ascj Never knew Homegirl Cafe was given by Annenberg. Can't wait to have lunch here.
Ross: modders as a "recursive public," one that manages to avoid dominant discourses through modding
Early bird gets the worm, I guess that's why I never have any worms
Yikes! Done.
He could be the so-called x-factor today..
it was at the concert, he says the doors opened early and they didn't , and he said April fool I hated it.
And your friends grew up faster than you got successful, told you to keep it up. Good comes to those who work.
I'm hanging out with my friend, & how does she wake me up? plays austins covers <333333 it worked (;
Supa funny boys
“: Too many girls want attention not enough want respect.”
bring me some!
I can't tell you how much I love making music!
Im salty , Im wide awake , everybody sleep . Cant even cake .
When I Get Mad At I Jus Be Like Dats Why My HAIR LONGER DEN YURS Lmao
I think ur ALREADY drunk. Lmao!
haha thx for the K. Bacon makes everything better!
Hated the title, Liked your amazon vid intro. Purchased the audio....Dammit..I like it so far. Funny and Quite Smart. Congrats
Chris Brown please never wear that bedizzled jacket again ! Illegal ! LOL I'm not hatin just sayin ! Loved the BET AWARDS !
Iowa state beats Ok. State in overtime!!! BCS shake-up under way.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:14am in Atlanta, GA it is 37 degrees. High: 63* Low: 37*
Yes! Screw you Badgers! See you next weekend!
signed my first edition of THE ZERO that I found at You are both awesome!
There is a skeleton of a woman walking down York Rd wearing a red leopard print leotard with dollar bills pinned to it.
I don't wanna wait for you but i can't get you out of my mind; i don't wanna see no more.
A gold star for this draft. And I must say, I really enjoy watching such bright and talented minds at work.
I am in stinkin' good shape, but #swimming kicks my tail every time. Good quick 3200 yard set. Trying 2 get the weakling leg 2 step up...
What the?... Continuous holiday tunes already on 95.1.
Just got finished with the hair and makeup !
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Watching Beyond Scared Straight, haven't watched this in forever.
Did I really just lace horns on the new Ghostface record? Yep. Stay tuned....
AH k
Planning your lunch? Crispy Braised Beef Tongue Sandwich, Gruyere, Pickled Carrots, Spinach, Horseradish Dijon Mayo on Rye
How do you feel about drinking on a Monday night?
yea it's impossible lol
Now I know why I wasn't ready to leave the house. But I need to.
If you are HAPPY with your NATURAL HAIR LIKE this status!!! <3
#fourwordsaftersex Make me a Sandwich :)
Loving the night life and continued fun at Breakthrough VII! LPU and Puerto Rico... what a combination!
At new amsterdam waiting for "the tonite show" to set it off. DJ SMI and DJ Vex spinning hiphop and soul. U aint doin shit so Come thru!
Worshiped, Bears Win!!!, Spending Time with Family
Everyone +1 Facebook.
Dear Our Field, do we believe that a good quote about #artsed matters any longer? Or is it rhetoric without commitment?
Had a good practice today, really excited for everyone to hear the tunes!
Spongebob and cappuccino... oh yeah! :)
Music is priceless. I have CD's I have easily gotten a thousand $$$ of value out of. Rock&Roll will never let you down!
He ain't dead yet RT : R.I.P. Joe Paterno.
Hey can you tell your mom Happy Birthday for me? She is my favorite singer..before Fbook/Twit it was Nippy Inc a huge fan club!
Piper Perabo: Where do you see your character Annie Walker in the future?
I love the believe album cover!, dhweweuwu.
I want some Taco Bell!
I keep falling asleep and waking up every 25 minutes, wtf is this? Ugh, I need to get out if my house.
Oh lol. That could be the case. I hated having to depend on my school's internet in the past.
look for <link type="application/opensearchdescription+xml"> in an html page to discover if there's a web service underneath.
i'll just take you out for ice cream!
tryouts on the 7th! shooting for level 5! wish me luck (:
Saleem, Brian Brunsman & Max Beats- you're not on Twitter but just to let everyone know, you killed it tonight #Baltimore Boom Bap Society
yes u are! Which part
saw a woman leave the liquor store carrying a bag of off-brand Flamin' Hot Cheetos with her teeth.
Thkful for the cross!
or should I be calling it
Congrats on your new addition on the way :)
When doing a series on nbc abc tbs tnt fox about guys..make sure there is 2 or 3 white guys n 1 blk guy. Smh
Thank you kindly for the RT! Hugs and blessings!
RT : Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly ~ Robert Francis Kennedy
Going to see play at the playspace today! Exciting!
Now that #artrageous has come & gone, its time for the Annual Awards Luncheon on Thursday.
At APU listening to Rock it, awesome way to spend Friday night.
Why are #Nashville taxpayers giving $ 300,000 dollars to the Nashville Chamber of Commerce ?
Thanks for following me Steve! I see you're from OH, I'm doing COA/COT courses in OH in July. Let me know if I can help you! :)
100 on micro final. :D
The fish is ready to be served! Come on down to downtown #SanJose San Pedro square and join us for lunch! 10am-2pm today!
is the man!! Answering everyone's tweets and all. Welcome to Chicago!!
Hi ! I'm Summer. Would love to talk to you about the talent you handle for YouTube. Please DM your email and I will send the details
I'm having a coffee here at Filmakers Institute waiting for Spike Lee & Dee Rees to talk
Watching Mason beat up Chase is the best (:
hey girl seeing vp tonight???
I love LA!!! “: Dodgers, Lakers and Kings win today. Great day to be a LA Sports fan! #iLoveLA”
If I send this out to /rutherford-genealogy - does it send a special message to all my special list members? If so - very cool!
>>We Are Providers of Quality #Gifts For #Him And Quality Gifts For #Her…Discounts...Excellent 100% Return #Policy! #FREE Shipping
Going to be a real tough series with Marlins. Lucky to get one win down there. They're hot and historically Pirates get whipped by them.
Good morning :)
miss you too!!! Cali is great! How's life with you post graduation?
NaLee a vividly rich mysterious sexy mermaid fantasy... the beginning of a trilogy check it out at NaLee2010.com
MT : If anyone in COM stumbles upon an external HD, please holler. Can't get a job without it & I'll love you forever
Next time, I may not sit on my hands to watch/learn. May have to ask how he really feels about publishing. Pro/Con.
agree!! All those haters can hate
Lmao @ the lady who walked out sawty
A cup of #blueberry weekly helps prevent high #blood pressure. / American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.
Mavs really need to petition for 11 minute quarters.
RT : SPARK IN THE PARK - 4th Sunday of each month! Join us, Please. Original art with themes - See you tomorrow!
The sky is green and it is POURING rain. The temp has dropped drastically and there's something beeping outside.
Black Lilly - How I met your mother
I'm wifey material ..!
agree but can't complain since it was free
Bummer I didn't know of y'all earlier - I'll share w/ my runner friends tho...sounds like a fun bunch!
Teddy Roosevelt was a racist warmonger.
Relapse? Happens to the best of us. Well talk :) Keep ya head up!
The #Celtics have ball movement. The #Hawks have bowel movement.
playing a free concert tonight at CMU as part of the celebration for the historic $265 gift.
hello(: just stopping by to see how your doing?
It's the small things in life that count, like knee-high Christmas socks
I'm so weird that i kinda scare myself sometimes... (;
Awesome!!! love the power of connecting.
if he's following you around like a lost puppy, he obviously wants more than what you're giving him.
He makes some good points. But I am sick of the "noble profession" crap everyone is slewing about theatre...
#BestPickUpLines Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas.
anything by Vernor Vinge (except for maybe his latest). Notably, Rainbow's Edge and A Fire Upon the Deep
Ricky's been pitching incredibly early on this season! Let's hope he rubs off on the rest of our starting rotation.
choosing events. I said there is a lot of money out there and playing frequently isnt what is chosen
Good morning twitter world!! Did any of you take advantage of this wknd's fabulous #weather and go #hiking? Forward the pictures!!
Thanks, ! Let's get together & celebrate with the fruits of your legendary bloody mary skills.
Sow good services; sweet remembrances will grow from them. - Madame de Stael
he's the best.
Feels great teaching the Stoke!
We will be at Top Golf Saturday at 8pm... free rounds on us.
My weekend plans: A noon screening of The Avengers at today, Van Halen at Saturday & blog work on Sunday.
Steve and Judy Revis are in our prayers. We know that Steve is doing what he can in Haiti right now.
I love you so, so, so much! <3
#b97 iPod shuffle is on!! Party!!
My Husband is a total Nerd and LOVES Games and all kinds of Gadgets - Sometimes I think he loves them more than Me ;)
ok good if u ever need advice on ANYTHING and i do mean ANYTHING JUST DM ME KAY
famine poverty death life
Bacon-Infused Carolina Fish Muddle Recipe from Bon Appétit
I just stormed off for dramatic episode is on hahaha
#Jccaylendeservestobeonellen! dream big baby, I love you
uncle nelly's friend kid
I already knew that. :D I have tons of friends.
Matt Domo at #cloudfairseattle "We believe #opensource is the way to unite the public and private cloud". #openstack is the key.
I wanna try to pancake a volleyball so bad!
In a much worse mood today than I ever could have anticipated. Damn. Gym it is, methinks.
Soft As Ever!! Except Wen They Just Get Dry Ctfu... ( Not Often)
Had an awesome week so far
Out of 649 entries, congrats to the lucky Michigan reader who won a copy of DELMARVA LEGENDS & LORE on Goodreads!
That's great to hear , hope she enjoyed it & learned from it. You must have the coolest cat EVER. Let us know if you have a Q!
I love to make coupon books for my manfriend for valentines then when he tries to use them I say.. Expired.
RT : tech This pic is showing maybe a quarter of the audience. We are looking for sponsors. Contact me
“: #follow ” thanks for the support!!!
Every weekend we look forward to having a few weekends off away from the field, then when they come we don't know what else to do.
Got an audition this afternoon at 2pm for a new pilot " LA Noir " a police drama
Let the work begin! Unsigned Artists boot camp May 28th at the ABC offices.
NOT - ft. Marley B (Atlanta Zoo Freestyle)#vid yep
tickle monster!!.(: haha...you're welcome Robert(:
Congratulations to the Latina Ethnic World Queens and the New England Queens. See you in Cali.
Great practice... Two new songs in the bag. Now time to Thunder Up!
I'm in love with my bed, but the alarm does everything to end our relationship. Because they are boring. Six AM to wake up?
FISH POOP IS GOOD FOR MIGRAINES!
HOLY SHIT YES! THE STAR WARS THEME IS PLAYING ON THE SCG STEREO RIGHT NOW!
im right here!! :D Haha *dances up and down*
Its truly amazing what happens when you let go of all the negativity & drama, your days become so much better & easier
": Wherever you're at in the world - Good morning. Good afternoon. Good evening. Goodnight. #Boots2GlobalAsses"
Tuesday night oldies in the back of ibar. Do it.
Get your rock & roll fix tonight with us live at Debonair. See you there!
If you liked that one, just wait for the next story, all about posthumans!
If your are not preparing to watch England vs USA in worldcup you are missing some great graphics
I wanna live at the beach <3
m billy blanton.
