Now: Joni Mitchell by the pool. I like a day where my biggest chores are choosing music, throwing sinking toys for swimmers, & feeding them.
If you followed me for UMass lax coverage Wed. night, you should follow birthday boy tonight. He's got coverage of tonight's game.
I swear if Maryland beats Duke, I might stop watching college basketball.
Just threw up.. Again. Wtf
The man’s proposal is usually associated with a ring
#motivation "The loss of only a few pounds can give unbelievable energy"
In the car on a boring, long, car ride.
moment when a project is due tomorrow , and you gotta do...it al tonight . -_____- *
Congratulations to Jean DuJardin for winning #THE ACTOR , #SAG AWARDS! So proud to be a tiny part of your film.
what you in a on a friday night missy? lol
Lunacon in Rye, NY! OK slight conflict of interest, I'm head of program. :)
For other mild Aspergers people.Please tell your partner to let you know bluntly when you are being emotionally unavailable so we are aware.
The Art Institute is FREE this month! Check out the new Modern Wing & hundreds of classics...go this Sun & admire art with your sweetie!!
Not in the mood to study math today.
Change of plans (post workout)! Mr 's in town and I'm excited to get a drink with him in Santa Monica :)
But that sounds like fun, so you are forgiven!
I'm getting Joker ones!!!
Ty for following Paige and I Paige us doing great at kicking leukemia's butt help families by donating
Solid, huge understatement. Netflix delivered big time! Boom! RT sounds like a solid day/night!
oh I never knew that lol
NDAA is not hope; in yout hands maybe you thought it would be used responsibly but it is wrong & abusive & the next will be
Defy your 'Real Age'...Meditating is Creating Thicker Brain Cells
He Manchester City is champion of Ingland I what fuera he Man United why my heart forever is Red
Before there was "Going Rogue" there was "Going Boing!" Hands down.
Goodnight Justin, I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.
it was still good and me too but shell probably be in school tomorrow.
one of each!
Welcome to my new followers. We're having some late nite soup. M
Woodson Absolute identity with one's cause is the first and great condition of successful leadership
Might be playing some basketball tomorrow ...
RT: Follow on Twitter
staying up all night & currently listening to black sabbath. I really don't feel like doing laundry at all
Duquette sounds more robotic & monotone than Flacco his rookie year. It's unbelievable. I'm almost asleep.
SPECIAL CONGRATS to our #GoodGuy & #Inspiration \e. Hurt hand and all.. you ROCK!!!
I`d like to give away my iPhone App "Self Acupressure Facelift" in exchange for weekly reports and Testimonials. I have 50 promo codes, DM
If you wanna fly, come and take a ride, Take a space ride with the cowboy, baby
Now open your eyes and get #Blunted with us. We're live at 11 am tomorrow. You tweet, we discuss.
good luck today!! See u soon
Bacon by Sapphire
I am looking for a Automation Tester (1 - 3 yrs exp) for exclusive perm spot in Massachusetts (10 minutes south of Lowell).
I'll be going to the MTV Movie Awards this Sunday. Can't wait!
#Appreciation to @ Cathie_amdg for recent Twitter Love!
I'm pretty sure if I didn't have to go on a field trip today, I wouldn't be here.
Your beautiful when you smile , laugh , and is fun to be around.
All ya really need this time of year is a pair of shades & an ice cold beer & a place to sit somewhere near the water
Todays gonna fly
Google under criticism for its approach to privacy and Google+, but they do some great things beyond search: Analytics, Voice two examples
Want to earn money from clickbank profit, follow
. LOL. When I was teaching at FAU, I saw a student at Club Boca. I forgot he was a student & I hugged him. That was awkward!!
Thanks for the re-tweet, McKinsey!
I'm enjoying this show Weeds. It is definitely not as good as Breaking Bad but i like it.
Good morning world! Running on 3 hours sleep, let's hope this soda helps.
Shut up! Downton Abbey is on TV!
Ok. It appears that 92% of city streets are closed today.
Been getting a lot of comments asking me for a face behind this account...here I am, folks:
WORD. RT : Honestly, Twitter is really turning into an extension of TV. I have no idea what you guys are on about.
You can't tell by the replay. So do we think Davis hit Jones I in the hip with his knee?
Cam is coming undone! Better for us.
Yes they are! Hopefully we will see you at the next #52cardpickup for
what??? You don't have those as a human? You are missing out.
looking forward to meeting everyone!
Merry Christmas to all. And a happy new year :) LOVE LOVE LOVE
My lovely 9feet baby just got tuned&it's sounds amazing! Great 2 hear from my tuner it's the most beautiful Bossendorfer-Imperial he knows.
There's nothing to spar about. And I only tweet about poop every 5 days. Which means I'm due for one Saturday! Stay tuned.
you and me both
Excellent management position available! The Rio Rancho Observer is searching for a Sales Director. Terrific opportunity!
Thanks for the comment and links. I'll check them out. :D
No doubt!!! RT : it was, indeed. He is really doing BIG things.
omg yes!!!!I miss u! I was at the lake with N when u called and then it got late.When can we plan something? xxoo love you!
N its NOT EVEN My Birthday..
Nah but you still owe me $8 bucks haha
I cant think of much I would rather be doing besides what you just described
Great interview on 60 mins right now with Arch Bishop T. Dolan.
I feel better now!
I have an audition tonight with the in Lawrenceville to do ghost tours. It's acting, it pays. Crossing fingers.
Be Careful out there RT : TRAFFIC ALERT - now says pedestrian struck is at 4th and Pa., SE - expect delays there...
birthday in one day
and I got the same
yah, we all need some recharge, this last push has been insane
OMGeee, I need to be in WA for this event!!!
Damn :o Im an a & b student : ) Never the less : P School is hard thou..i try my hardest :) I bet ur grades aren't that bad
whats going on steve
theres no coming back from this one homie
I want to design a solar-powered lawnmower!
please follow me and make me the happiest person ever
If one person falls, the other can reach out and help. But someone who falls alone is in real trouble. Ecc. 4:10
shorty in da bac yea she a star , i tell her bring it bac like a DVR
My condolences for being ill & tired. I may end up sacking out early myself, even though little guy just woke up. Need Plot.
Decided to officially "stop" after this weekend
a photo shoot?? Who the hell do you think you are?!? Juan Gabriel or somebody???
THATCamp, you mean? The journal is co-edited by me and a colleague from Atlanta, so we're a bicoastal operation. :)
You think
" I say chuurch.....preach"
Eating a donut
Like the Q&A session. Taking break from crazy multi-tasking. #GoMobile Great answers by
Don't forget, Mick Jagger is on SNL this weekend, man. Can't miss the Mick.
no the govt is giving a boot to the head of anyone trying to make it without govt handouts by making BS FAIR SHARE speeches & taxes
Alan Ball makes a play! Sort of.
Wow, Starbucks? You guys must have a fat coffee budget up there.
Wait so man city won the league championship in a reg season game? Lol.
I'm home from my performance I got another solo today :)))) so happy can't wait for tour on Friday :))) I have 4 solos !!!! No school for me
welcome to twitter! love her!
TRUTH! RT : First person to call it "Singles Awareness Day" gets punched. You are surrounded by chocolate. Man up and dig in.
Bout To Eat Diz Pizza
been good too :)
good lil fight, now roll up.
Nana does all her black Friday shopping online...it's better for my health and the crazy ass people that's avoiding a nana beat down
At home. studyin for a history test.
Q: Favorite energy drink? (Or do you dislike them all?)
See you on Wednesday in Milwaukee!!
change him sis
Taking my Concealed weapons course on Tuesday...
it's reallybad likeif someone mentions his name I'll belike NO. He'smy rolemodel in life. It's weird becausehe's my moms age
There is no happiness with the new gmail; that theme just slightly mitigated my sadness
Crowd moving to State Street to commence the mock trial and bring to justice!
A nice bday present would Be fir a heated bus to come right now
thanks for being so gracious in Boston on Saturday! always so much fun seeing you! & NJ with last month too!
Ted Hart uses content from his 5 books in "Social Networking & Online Fundraising Success" starting @ 1:15 in room 202-204.
be careful out there
Think our segment on is after the great Kevin Nealon's.
I wish I could sell some of my feelings to other people. Or at least trade for better ones.
Steve Martin there's probably an app for that!
Who else is up and at 'em at 5 am? #couldn'tsleep
THANKS LOVE HAVING HIM BACK HOME WITH MOM&DAD KEEP HIM IN YOUR PRAYERS PLEASE
My Twitter account has been hacked. Please disregard comments about starting your own biz. Not coming from me. Sorry.
What do you love most about winter?
If walking around department store cosmetics aisles count, then yeah I exercised today for an hour.
Thank you for what you bring to my life~! I look forward to enjoying your professional progress. Best wishes!
It's about time to embarrass myself with my mouth again.
Sugar Lip Butter keeps our lips #soft&supple. In this desert heat, we need all the help we can get!
My daughter makes me happy and hopeful at the same time. :-)
the hat was slightly military esk... ha
i love this team.. but we had the bases loaded with no outs and we just left them all on base.. im frustrated..
thanks for the Siri tips. Can't wait to give her a try. I asked her to read my email and she said she couldn't. Weird?
your party is rockin'!!!
I've been outed! RT : One of my heroes doesn't rock with Macs.... Shout out to Lol
Wtf I meant 5625656521 thats the.real numbrr for kyle I swear
Thanks! Figured I'd let everyone know. Should be a lot of fun! It will be on archive if need be
that show got canceled too!
I'm about to Unfollow you, do technically still at 4
Again, soo sweet! I'm just being me.. :)
Oh shit. That crazy bitch back y'all. She tried to walk on the court again.
Alright. Let's get to 110K! He deserves it. Be ready for what he has to come in the future. Follow him.
: Off to la now! From the sun...to more sun!! Hahaha I know, I'm sorry im rubbing it in ;) but I'm British, we chase the sun!! C ...
Attended meeting - preparing parents for their child's b/mitzvah. Question - who prepares parents for their child leaving for college?
I consider myself a professional engineer and still don't get how OS X's "maximize" button is intuitive.
Chef's Special: BBQ Pork Tenderloin Sandwich with purple cabbage slaw, fries, and a drink for just $9!
contacting casting directors for who's casting and submitting talent
Whenever you knock me down, i will not stay on the ground.
He supports this expansion plan. Which is unilateral imposition of TOT increase that voters twice rejected, without public vote
and heather's dog
. I don't say it can't at any level, but it *has* to have a base of support. Much more likely if it begins locally.
sending a thank you letter to the makers.
"Sometimes breaking even is a good goal." Tom Woolway of Torrey Pines Bank @ financial workshop panel.
love ya!! Skype date soon please!
well hurry gurl
Pack it in, Brewers... Is it preseason yet?
Self expression through the unique illustrations used in the voter registration campaign.
I am looking forward to reading your reviews on these goodies!
Back in the big easy, Roy Hargrove and Irvin Mayfield this weekend!
Thanks for stopping by! Quote coming soon.
Physics lab final slaughtered.
write about wat inspires u most of victoria justice
your mom is the best! i'm so excited about this new job!
TSOI-NY is catching GUIDED BY VOICES 2nite Who will get the spinning mic to the teeth from Bob this year? Happy New Year!
i love love love love love me some
call me out on Twitter over some bullshit. You did nothing but start shit yourself so next time you wanna subtweet me saying
When you want added attention given to your vehicle, there's no better place than H2O! We carefully handwash each car!
Just presented to wonderful audience at #secure360 conference. I love technologists with great senses of humor (i.e., laughed at my jokes).
RT :if the troops are wearing full body protective gear, it's likely mustard gas. Face masks would mean tear gas.
oh... And i literally have every song he's ever made. I win!
It's still being developed, but please consider following our Startup Weekend Rochester project,
I wanna do my final editorial in journalism on you!!(:
You're good. Everyone seems to agree with that.
. is another great Mariners blog you should check out if you want to read up on them.
I needa be sleep ...
No Appointment Necessary!! Come in and see us! Home of the "Mix and Match" All strains available all day!! :D
Power outage earlier = shopping for battery backup systems tonight
I'm pretty sure I shouldn't be thinking about the way I am,gulp! Feeling like a cougar for the very 1st time!
I really wanna go see in Philly but nobody will take me :(
Job - BET Networks - EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT, CONSUMER MARKETING & BRAND STRATEGY │ NEW YORK, NY. Job Summary: This position directly supports a
watching# world series
Packer fans, take note. MT : Just got the confirmation. LeRoy Butler on Twitter -- follow him
One year since Fukushima.
We have not forgotten those who died and those who were left to carry on on September 11, 2001.
And that is the truth!
3ARWALK3R YOUTUBE VIDEO'S ARE COMING SOON!!!
What you can expect from me today : absolutely nothing.... i will be asleep in every single class except the one that matters - art
New Music Video drops tonight!
Good morning everyone
Can't catch a break...
to interrupt, the cheddar cheese powder is quite delicious. get it from the spice house!
Hi favorite :) What are you up to tonight? Thinking of having a cookout @ my place
We are SO excited to see perform on Wednesday!! Who all is going?? Can't wait to see you there!
Need to get a friend with a boat stat. My family is not into boating. Asked why we didn't own a boat when younger..3 hour speech. "First off
You're almost there!!!
I’m missing spring in the mid-Atlantic, an unfortunate thing. Seattle doesn’t really have a spring. Seattle has winter and August.
At least they're making it an interesting season!
MYLA Peeps are always well represented so lets keep track of them by posting news & photos w hashtag
summer bunnies drive me crazy! you look real good with them 'dukes on baby!
Good thing my rooms clean from Arla being ocd over it yesterday :3
Aye everybody hit up my nigga party tonight at Green Run Clubhouse
Communism is like prohibition, it's a good idea but it won't work. Will Rogers
you and me both. the light in the bathroom at jsl is always pointing out a gray hair or two. god i'm getting old already
Louisiana! Go to the White Owl in Baton Rouge tomorrow! Anyone who brings us delicious Po'boy sandwiches gets free CD's
its all about the taking 30 seconds everyday to click to make sure u get the $ from ur referrals but the truths is u can make $
It's Friday night @ surrendervegas the hottest nightclub around! Make sure to stop by only!
Couldn't wait to get going But wasn't quite ready to leave
Meet representatives from 85 of the hottest startups at the "Startup DC Student Career Expo" Monday from 1-4pm at GWU's Marvin Center
Excited to be heading to on Sunday w/ for tapas goodness!
Does anyone know Sandra Bullock or Matthew Mcconaughey or another Texas celeb? We have an idea for an epic Flashmob.
heck yeah! i'm excited for tomorrow!
#IWannaBe asleep already!
Can you please follow me!!??:)
Big idea 4: 'Getting to, through, and around downtown' (making sure visitors feel comfortable/confident getting around)
Trying to keep myself awake or trying to get myself to sleep. It is usually one or the other.
Football sunday-what u wearing? I'm in a tebow custom tshirt, my oldest son is rocking a new #80 ny giants victor cruz jersey.
Sheryl Is your tour taking you to Pensecola Florida by any chance?
Isn't the real story how the top-shelvers don't even want to run for GOP nomination?
Dear bed, I know you don't like me, but can you please stop throwing me on the floor? My covers hate getting dirty,Sincerely Person.
that doesn't surprise me :p
SO excited for the season finale of tonight, especially now that I know it will be back in the fall!
Everyone make sure to go check-out they were on the WYA Tour with & :)
this is the reason son took a stun gun to school. Its been on CNN all day.
When someone tells u who they r believe them the first time...
hate being sick :/
Any way to link your twitter to google+ ?
“: There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time we fail to protest.~Elie Wiesel”
A word from the wise is sufficient... (Once a lier always a lier) Its hard to deny a talent that's already mastered.
The Kennedy Center at Cape Canaveral is excellent too. The VAB should be on everyone's bucket list.
Jay, the Grizzlies only lost one game. For some reason, it feels like 3.
your boys can't miss tonight man
You know its gonna be a good week when your best friend is back in town :)
"She tells me, "You an asshole, superficial douche bag." Wishing that you knew that, you could have these shoes back."
all these "heat" fans comin @ you ask them who the heat's starting center was b4 lebron got there fake ass fans
i will
I hate boys.
Nick clean's up and MO MONEY turn's out the lights !!! YANKS SWEEP !!!!!!!!
Of course, coming from a DMVer
IK let's send him fanmail
Good things come to those who work
. "Since when is there any difference between Heifetz and the fiddler in the tavern? They're both musicians." James Petrillo
can i get a follow back thickcocku7 from MFC
Sony readers have a direct link to Overdrive just sayin' :) no Adobe Digital Ed needed
is the best...and it seems like this party meets my requirements
Yoga. Let's go.
Enjoyed the set last night! Your 2nd tune reminded me oa bit of Daughter.
you, me & #lakebenson (:
Join the club. RT : Don't have to take MKT final!! Fuck ya. A for days
If I could leave em today...I would
lay your body down x3 .. next to mine <3
Why is it still a surprise when a president makes a surprise visit to Iraq or Afghanistan?
i wanted to rip her hair off ! Argh !
Props to Andrew Bynum, having BEAST night for the
Lol sorry I just had to retweet that cause it was true.
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if anyone you know wants a legal-themed chess set!
We rely on the twisosphere 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
Apologies for the spamming problems on Friday. Figures the account would get hacked while I was in transit.
Major props-excellent job on the Miles of Memories story.
Yep: Talking heads decrease learning by 42.27% :-P
Our players are now working on Facebook !
please do(: they're will make your day (:
RT Um, GM did't have to pay any federal taxes on its next $45 billion in income as of Jan 1, 11. Where's the #compromise?
RT : “: So apparently #Snooki's due date is December 21, 2012. Well played, Mayans...well played.”...
& ahem, what is this about big boats and women??!!?
Can't wait for Rony Seikaly at #liv on the 27th
Sold out show at 308 W. 133rd. WOW!
no he's not and isn't able to until next week
tacos today?
so... what are you doing on Friday?
all weekend?
'Anus' backwards is 'Suna'. 'Suna' rhymes with 'Tuna', that's why I do NOT fuck with tuna
agreed. But that was a new low for even Barton.
Sad but true my friend!
thanks! Then I remembered we have our show to watch and felt little better
probably a mile. Maybe little more. Taxis are prevalent in the Dells now, it'd be an easy cheap ride if need be.
it's beat, where the hell are you from?!
6B: DUSABLE; BIKING; MAKE NO LITTLE PLANS
happy new year!
Dont wanna go to practice tomorrow! #FML at least we get to go to the #HungerGames for a field trip. 😃😝😝😳😖😖😓
When is season 4 of jersey shore gonna start.
Ditto RT : #IfItWasntForBaseball I would have never joined Twitter and met so many wonderful Tribe fans! #GoTribe!
It indeed was hard to get out of the bed this morning...
you have to go try these -- has _wild boar_ burgers today.
yes i cant wait to see all these new improvements, i already pre-ordered!
I just wasn't sure if you or someone you knew had quick tips for alleviating the pain. Happy to hear you're doing great!
Bad final play by #Wisconsin. Should have shot from the paint and not heaved a desperation 3. MSU also losing. Bad night for
I'm excited about #Longmire! I had an audition for the show just last week. Can't wait to see it!
I had such a great time serving up breakfast this morning for The Gathering of Southeast Wisconsin. What a wonderful way to start the day!
Your picture says your last name is Ryan and it looks nothing like you.
“: Talk about cool...the legendary Marv Albert will call the UK-Florida game on Sunday” -> Legendary for 45 min face sits?
We're lining up some really neat video and production classes soon! Stay tuned!
*Detective Alonzo Harris voice* You wanna go to jail or you wanna go home?
I love you. And I wish I could meet you :)
Thanks for the follow!
they animated BlackSpider, just like any SpiderMan cartoon & even hired a recent SM voice actor to deliver a little SM style banter
My sister read the book and wanted to go. It was very good. I've read a few Nicholas Sparks books...
Or cheap chicken either works.
Watching on Charlie Rose Currently #amreading his book "Imagine - How Creativity Works"
Made a new Yahoo s/n add me to chat leothelion361
September 9, 1999 - Jim "Catfish" Hunter dies at the age of 53.
follow me?(:
everyone RT my last tweet for a shotout to get more followers!!:)
MT too fast. Malone called recently to say he's feeling better. Look for update on Dome
Mitt Romney wants to bet $10K on the Lions
Laptop bag strap broke, Layla's laptop screen broke, assigned a project with an impossible deadline and cellphone stolen. Must be Monday :-(
Ah, that makes perfect sense..the technical explanation of why folk Euro's always seem off-beat, lol
Xfinity Live tonight w/Third Eye Blind? visit me at PBR Bar & then go to The Legendary Dobbs for Travia w/ Lemongelli, Starskream & more!!
No man is good enough to govern any woman without her consent. - Susan B. Anthony
Haha! I have Michigan losing today against Ohio :)
Glad it's Saturday... I wonder who's gonna win the fight tonight??? Hm
Motivate - Constant dripping hollows out a stone.
the Cubs have the largest following in MLB. Their fans are everywhere.
Is your health important to you? I urge you to think about it!
Corrosion of conformity...
i hate it when im tired but cant fall asleep!!! 
trend alert : cbis has followed a morning sell off trend then a buy back right around this time check daily charts
Hey, Twitterers - does anybody know where we might find a working Polaroid camera?! The old fashioned shake-to-develop kind, with film.
Oh cali weather... How I've missed you!
LOVE consulting with classroom teachers on strategies to help comprehension for reading and classroom dynamics.
Can't wait! RT : We'll be chatting about FITNESS in Chicago in today's #CHIchat - join us at 11am!
safe travels to you on your way to
Ha! But I just saw the anchor spot.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
you know I will do a sketch card for you. :)
Blargh :( I'm so sorry!
Rain some more, please?
went shopping for a new desk chair, but didn't find any I liked. Came back, sat in my old chair, and it broke...what are the chances?
Diamonds are just chunks of coal that stuck to their jobs.
threw up at dance today...nbd.
Seriously, Truvia needs to hire a new ad agency...their commercials are horrid....stupid songs and bad singer....
Time to go wash my slab x)
Reading a textbook.... the fun friday night of a #libraryschool student.
I miss you too girl! Chicago may 18th til the 21st tho we have to hang out
about to go to work...y'all tell me who wins the LAL/DEN game
My sources say my dear friend delivered a great commencement speech Thus we welcome her as an honorary Seahawk.
-crosses fingers for you-
no! that was such a beautiful tree :(
Prayin for daylight, Waitin for that mornin sun; So, I can act like my whole life aint goin wrong.
i just don't ship thema t all tho so
A3: Continuing to support small biz every day, not just during events or when Main Street is in the news
Don't forget to come and see us today at the Digital Marketing Forum!
Happy birthday !! :)
They laid her next to him beneath the wilow, while the angels sang a whiskey lullaby....
whats ur locker combo and locker #
Attending Social Media for Disaster Response & Recovery #Richmond with &
just saw Harry potter deathly hallowsprt.2 for the 2nd time and still cried my eyes out....one of the best movies ever...AMAZED!
#NowPlaying Q-tip "Believe" . . . That weekend vibe is closing in on me.
Fack I'm tired.
Phat Ass or Flat Ass what do u like? I like Phat Asses lmao I'm a fool fasho
#edcocp Misconception: SNA/Network reveals *the* influencer. There are many kinds of influence. I prefer "strategic locations".
Sometimes people who are a thousand miles away can make you feel better than the ones right beside you.
yep, like almost at midnight
not responding well. But still full of balls.
RIP Maurice Sendak
Does anyone have Oreo cookies they can share??
So you took a poll of PRISON OFFICERS and they all said drug money? Wow! Well I never! LOL. Yeah.
Choose you boss. Choose your company.
they really should just throw it in some barrels and see what happens. That is how Domique was made w/ sour Matilda.
Personal trees do all this and more. Best of all our personal tree will be there to listen as often as we need to talk.
not bad man, with RG3 this team might go 8-8 or maybe even 9-7 depending on how he can connect with those guys
Either eugene levy gained 300 ibs or I just saw the best doppleganger ever
Kenny G brand of Vibrators that play smooth jazz sax and named The 'G' Spot!...Genius!
RT : The fundamental question for our nation: what is our sustainable path?
where is ?!
Thanksgiving Eve is a holiday that gays celebrate by going out to bars to avoid spending time with their families.
"Is nature poetry worth talking about as a subgenre?..."
v Access, Round 4
Fuck the emergency
really?!? Its only a little guy?!?
RT : Wait--the kids are calling it an "EYE" now? RT : The chair at my eye doctor has stirrups this is normal right?
Only if you want!
Days flying by.....
HAVING A DANCE PARTY. AS ONE DOES
100 pgs into #metawars! Amazing world-building!!! Totally into it!
RT : When I finish filming, I always sit there and am like 'oh'..I wanna film more! Haha
Did you and your buddies make it to any rooftop bars this weekend? :)
I miss you!
I can hear Herzog's talent. It's real. But I lost interest in her characters as soon as it felt that she had, too.
#dh2010 Is emulation a means to an end (getting file), or an end in itself?
Support independent artists!
Yes. I need a drink. Or seven.
Awesome news, congrats!
see recent study on consumption of red meat and increased mortality. It's not a matter of pink vs red its life vs death
what's up listenbee! be sure and tweet your events/openings iwith #chicagoartscene and I'll help get the word out :)
no problem let's cash even more...
are you goig to Vegas with out me!
Congratulations to all the winners last night. Lets work together to make #Richmondbc the wonderful place it is.
A very short list of things can make me lose my appetite. 'Ironic beards' just made it longer.
Loved seeing everyone last night at the meetup! Thanks for coming!
Sorry to hear. You met him, just not traditionally. Maybe you knew a side of him that his real-life friends didn't.
Prep for the fake punt.
My favorite! ~Green Goddess Dressing: Blend 2 anchovy/1 garlic clove/1c mayo/½c sour crm/½c parsley/¼c tarragon/2T chives/2T lemon juice/s&p
Aw I prob wont be there :(
I think the Nike+ app tracks distance, but I am not sure if it does calories. Maybe also something by BodyBugg?
I think the #GrammyAwards should be postponed!!! This is just a situation in which the show just cant go on!!
I am so thankful for the urban dictionary.
Txs! My online course teaches you how to make good web pages and sites. Can't beat the personal attention I give to each student.
On #WorldAIDSDay ,a profile of a wonderful program bring handmade toy bears to #AIDS #orphans in
I dislike fivefinger shoes just so much, especially in urban terrain. blehhh.
For sum reason wen ppl spell sum wrong i look at the keybored to see how close the letters is to see if they messed up or just can't spell
What are your NY plans?
Anyone know what's going on with blogger? It says it's unavailable. Bit note from blogger says they are done with maintenance...???
Union South wins Best New Building in Wisconsin? Sounds about right to me. Just another W for !
Zachary Scott~ As you grow older youll find the only things you regret are the things you didnt do.
Watching #FaceOff on Awesome talent on this show.
Well, sometimes I think, 'I could make that better now . . '
lol is literally the only thing that can be said in that situation
Not a fuck was given today! :)
The house #budget sets the wrong priorities and puts the burden of debt reduction on
chill your blacker then me lol.
If you like to laugh, follow He's cracking me up today!
haha Boggs you know I need to visit. With Ang. Any rugby in KC this year?
#hacked! damn it!
RT : Congrats to my boy to representing dudes that are faithful to their wives,God & who love their kids!
SWEEPSTAKES: Enter the Breathe Right - Good Night Sweepstakes. Win a allergy-free, microfiber fleece blanket. Click on this link to...
You had me at hello :)
Yammer has been used at Smithsonian to increase info flow and transparency, crowdsourcing, cultivating innovation. Erixon-Stanford
Come join us at "The Legends" Best Ball Shootout June 30th - Grant Park Golf Course - VMPCARES.COM
is getting her naval pierced <3 proud of my killian hoe.
Super fun last show with A Line Between last night.
your boy will be home on Friday night...we should plan something for Fri. or Sat. I would love to take your $$
OMG, me too! We're obviously psychotic.
thanks man that means alot. Do you think you could let me know when you uploaded it
The Power game tonight starts at 8, but usually games are a bit earlier, 7:30.
yea totally rooting for him to make it back to the NBA. Also had fun watching him at Summer League vs. Blake
Where the sun don't shine is where a flashlight might shine during a cavity search...
so what's going on, ma???
Dear Boston Globe... charging money for your online content just means... I won't read your online content. *sigh* *heads to another site*
Need to get my body used to doing this again if I wanna be able to work the 80+ hours a week this summer I'm planning on
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
I hope it rains! :D
I HOPE - bad step
New poll on urbanmilwaukee.com - where should the next bicycle corral go?
so much for my happy ending <3
thats to be expected ,.its why women in their 30's are better than ghose in their 20's
Throw in the towels BULLS
Lovin' the album and looking forward to interview on Friday at ; fans lemme know questions
yes its the American society of journalists & authors :)
the Samsung ad kind of confused me - all that excitement about a pen? That I'm gonna lose?
What in the blazes is up with Chris Rock's afro? and what about that earring? damn
Tonight you can also purchase tickets to the benefit if you have not yet done so.
we are extremely grateful for you and what you have brought K Studio!
Ay, the anticipation is killing me
me too :D
Thanks. Yeah, I should have mentioned that!
Catching up on #IL2011 in the comfort of my office.
"Seek the peace and prosperity of the city. . .Pray to the Lord for it, because if it prospers, you too will prosper" -Jer 29:7
smh, shoot I know right!
Truth is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Don't wake me UP
what size did you get.
Josh goes, "Why do you want to know?" And the man says, "Because I'm bi-curious, man!"
actually im going to sleep ill call tomorrow. it wasnt important
i be cheatin like a mofo in logos quiz lol
#iLostMyVirgintyTo my bed im with it every night
Can you imagine what it must feel like for these guys right now? SO cool!
For all y'all going on about Star Wars Day, just remember, tomorrow is Revenge of the Fifth.
Great to see you too, Keri! Missed the kickoff yesterday w/ (was in Italy!), but will catch up later!
Alec Baldwin just referred to a particularly ornery elephant seal as "the Beachmaster." God, I love Disocvery Channel.
hot indeed
Before the last month of the season I would have agreed but I think #TheLakeShow came into their own those games w/o Kobe.
Lets Go #Chelsea !!
homemade guacamole is the only guacamole for these reasons
“ Satin is having twins. Isn't that special. #ahsfx”
To spread the word about Bader Rutter and find the right fit for people in our company.
We all do lol
Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura...
I help you find your new apartment home call today 858.279.7410
Just had my dress lifted to the crowd by a curious dog!! Lol!
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw the crisis is a wake up call for constructive personal change.
OKAY. Its been raining rhunderstorming crap for the past 2 hours I GET THE POINT!
We offer Pick Up & Mobile Service. File At Home
Can't wait! ETA?
hmm. Very interesting. Has he bulked up at all?
Cheers to that!! RT : Here is to a great 2012!
Possible strep throat
I'm glad you are too!
Thank you ! RT : Following you. Powerful :"Unemployment Devotions to go".
“There is nothing more genuine than breaking away from the chorus to learn the sound of your own voice.” - Po Bronson
here's a question: do Romar & co. not teach it, not teach it well, or do these players just not listen?
I've got Scott Stapp and a Kardashian scheduled for next week. Cool?
me too!!!!!!! So soothing
Love Original & Light Mini Babybels! Have Queso Fresco & Chipotle on shopping list! #cheese RT : Yes! What's your favorite?
For sure. FOLLOWED (:
is waiting for my cousin to come over and hang out!
Thought a lot about ethics and archives today. I hope to talk about this more in class.
Planning a trip home to visit family!! I miss them!
yours is inspiring!! :)
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 11
My junior high crush! RT : So pumped to hear Wayne Gretsky speak to close out #AFPmeet!!!
I need to get a juicer.
A bloody mary this morning. It was a long and glorious weekend. RT : It's Monday! What's in your glass?
I mean the one that i have the number for dummy
Sherri Hill Trunk Show is here! Call us today we have very limited appointments left. (713) 467-4646 or
sorry, I lost ur number when I reset my phone.
wow it feels like spring
Each time you fall you learn something new which will help u to get up and fight better and stronger....♥
LeBron shreds Knicks, says pressure is lower
Failure is the path of least persistence.
i was a child prodigy. I'm only 32. IT Management makes me look like this. ;)
oh man....hahaha....enjoy that train ride!
I say the same ;)
also very little dialogue. One note: the nom'd films are accompanied by 4 others. I've only seen one of those.
lol im suppost to be revising for my geog test tomorrow. lol never mind.
uh oh, is she on twitter now, too?
Tim Thomas leads the #Bruins onto the ice for the 3rd period.
that's ridiculous
RT Iphone or BlackBerry which one is better need your answer!!!
One bad tasting beer last night has given me a headache aIll day, at least I took 2nd place in my home game tourney.
yeah why didn't I put Just Blaze? Brain fart. Also trying to sound like I still pay attention to rap producers.
Cocaine Cowboys while I edit.
There's a first for everything!
congrats on the grammy nom!!
It’s best to exercise outdoors on days that have cooler temps, higher humidity, and only a little wind.
I.S.D. Locksmith Pacific Beach offer affordable prices, whenever it`s possible. We will give a fixed price for the work. With us you will ha
and they should.
I`ve always wanted to go into an elevator full of strangers and say "I bet you`re wondering why I`ve gathered you all here today.
RT : Next wk: will the Supreme Court officially condone the use of racial profiling against Hispanics in the US?...
tremendous and very ambitious of you!
Let's trend this
This was the best day except for my car being wrecked I will let the attorney handle all of that. I'm so pround of my Pamela she gave
Very unhappy with American Idol. They can pay Seacrest and Cowell outrageous sums of money but screw Paula? WTF.
lol yeah I was just alittle bit frozen!
Have a great weekend too!
I just finished a 3.87 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
(Auburn) war
Thats a "vulgar" comment! Uh!
Missing #Glee :'( gotta finish my history project yay... -_-
...strong enough to withstand the sweet temptations of the Breakfast Deal?
GOAL! Lindenwood converts on the 2 on 1 to pull back to within one. 17:09 left. 3-2 Delaware lead
I just realized how much I talk about salad.
I am way ahead of you getting her fired!
Jellyfishing making me feel alright
Not looking foward to today :c
The way in witch the system is structured its built to supress u
says we need to spotlight our non-profit senior programs and reach out to our generous San Diego Natives
that's the day after my b-day lol:p
look I have like three girls over here fingering themselves to u
Just had world's hottest salsa. Wooee.
I'm not saying I agree with Abraham when he took Hagar...but I do understand
So wal mart just called me.........awesome!lol:P HE>i
Had a great time last night at City Tavern! Thanks to everyone that came out! A lot of new shows added so be sure to check out our schedule
Egoist is like a long time sitting in the well.
let us know how it is!
Leave it out bruv, you'll love it! <3
Get 20% off the new Bitter Sober album....find out how: www.wearebittersober.com
No, I'm a huge fan. Love Banksy-
hotel dining is so-so, but there isn't much within walking distance. Since you probably have more free time today though...
me and have the same birthday.
Forget what you want, and remember what you deserve.
It's crazy! Why not hire someone for a fraction of the cost for better results? People usually look like aliens post-plastic
gave in to twitter I see :) welcome
Wow Phil Humber got a LUCKY call on that check swing. They won't show replays but it looked like he may have held up.
Christmas party at LBJ Ranch
LIFT-Philadelphia offices are closed Mon- Wed, call to locate #Philly resources!
Telling the truth about someone doesn't makes you a hater.
some dudes are outta control...need to keep their sex noises at home O_0
yes I'm safe thanks!
~Extremely busy day today.....phewf!
Almost squashed this guy on a motorcycle because he just had to pass me illegally. Patience is a virtue, idiot.
Hey The Deli, just wanted to say what's up from Thoae Guys. Keep up the great work.
Or even, you know, ungodly leaders. Or any bloody leaders at all.
Thanks so much! I appreciate it!
Just got confirmation that I'm cast in a feature in Pittsburgh.....
Why do neighbors love to raise my blood pressure and heart rate?
HRT Participações em Petróleo S.A. - Notice of partial lack of quorum of the Special Shareholders&#39; Meeting called for ...
Come see us this weekend at the fillmore jazz festival in san Francisco
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH
Our "Inventing the Future" for this Tuesday at the RI is now sold out. Contact if you're still looking for a ticket.
I found a train diagram to pick our seats, but is running a different train with one less car, so our reservations are invalid.
what days will you be here??
Over 3000 praises of thanks to our Navy Seals for their heroic accomplishment...
Thought my old shop teacher was saying he liked our show. Forgot he only has the thumb left. Wish I hadn't given a thumbs up back.
Hoes will be hoes. They like to play around, so tell me how to love one that's running like a hound.
think I peed twice during this. Hilarious clear winner here though.. I love you Jay!
I can't use your Help forms because I can't post *anything* in #Facebook. wth!
S/O THE BIG HOMIE FOLLOW THE LEADER.
Text me. Text me. Text me.
yes. if you come up w/ a way to help the world remember too.
likewise! Hope you and little man enjoy the rest of the weekend!
Can't believe im gonna miss Charles Bradley ugh!
I love finding money in my clothes. It's like a gift to me…from me.
Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria , Uh HI :)
I hate sitting through a long animation of a firms portfolio waiting for the navigation menu to load.
Yes! New t-shirts are a must!
Keep in check please- was drunk texting me about glow sticks & wanting me to move to FL til 2AM. I turned my phone off.
I am the master at #logosquiz!
Soko Photo is shooting & working on photos, of course.
Getting pizza at Bronx Pizza in Hillcrest after walking a few miles. I feel this pizza is justified
Never seen Milwaukee's Best View for yourself? Come join us in our little corner of the river. We believe we've got the food to match it. :)
Best Disney movie. Agreed!
we like to think we're doing our part to help address developer API integration pain.
well you are in for a treat! He puts on a hell of a show!
good luck x
Its beautiful when a girl starts crying while presenting their report&its emotional....(: then i'm there to comfort them...
Good Luck!!! May I ask what is the battle you're up against right now?
RT : We're always up for volunteer help so if you are ever interested in joining us, just tweet to me! Thanks again~
#pointlesscelebrities Paris Hilton and Kim Kardasian
Automatic Update for July 2011.
Thank you for your promote our products on Amazon. Your blog looks great. Could we have a guest post on your blog?
Psycho T lol
Excellent news re TESSA & SLJ. Lots of librarian eyes will hit that one!
Coming from the guy that struck out against Margo Meverdan?
Lambeau tour today with my bro and sister!
": the algorithm doesn't care about you"
"No shoes No shirt No service" doesn't apply at drive-thru
also, focus on creating economies where people are more valuable outside than locked up-end the school to prison pipeline!
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day so have some now. Keep smiling.
i just got 2 school. I had soccer practicee.
Get your spook on at Buddha Bar tonight! Think you got the best costume? Prove it ! You could win a free bottle of Dom Perignon!
OMG! You are going on Austin's concert? Woo, lucky. :) x
ah im so happyy!!! ha aww i sound so cute on the radio!!
God is able to do the impossible and is always near.
i dont think we have ever even once had a long convo but none the less happy B-day
We know your home is your most important investment, get a risk free estimate today to put your mind at ease.
I'm not sure she even knows that's a thing it's possible to do.
At the surgicenter waiting for moms surgery to start so I can go eat
Librarians help you improve the value of your question - not retrieving content -
oh good point, everybody likes vegans and if I talk more about being vegan more people will like ME
Our wide choice of loan programs and mortgage services allow us to recommend the loan product that best meets your specific needs.
and it did! well that and the mountain dew. :P
Do you go ever day?
I would be with you every second of every day.
you tweeted the wrong person :p
Valley Passage in Men Valley
Thinking the same thing. Although this team is young, won't lose a ton of players and needs some playmakers on defense.
Time to get some junk and watch a ton of movies
great work coach!
Kitty needs a Twitter account.
I think he replaced "will" with "may," going into that last break. I'm with you, RE: the dishonesty thing.
I like Chrome, but find the lack of "print preview" to be intolerable. Maybe I'd care less and like it more on my mobile.
That is a great idea...we'll keep you posted if we come up with something. :)
Congrats on the engagement! Your going to be a beautiful bride, I'm happy for u both!!
we got meatloaf ... Mount Union alum....
ImMadBecause it's raining and chilly, and it was 90 degrees just a week ago. :/
I'm trying to remember what life was like with out weekly voice lessons. Just this year alone my voice has changed like crazy.
i swear i cant say sheet without having a looonnggass speech
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You..[=
someone just told me this: time+ observation=wisdom
Classes have been canceled today at UW Rock County in Janesville, due to power outages that are expected to last through the day.
Ok looks like I've reached my following limit:( y'all gotta get me some more followers or I gotta "unfollow" some people. Stupid Twitter!
Dont move on to the next before settling your past relationships, the past has a way of hunting your future.
has some serious domestic abilities!! Thx for my first home cooked meal in months..Ladies he is single!!
Last nights digging ended up with mass deletion of unused serato crates. Funny, getting rid of songs made me feel better!
Eat my words and then swallow your pride down down down!!
Congrats on the clean bill of health. :)
Lebron is too good.
Feels good to be back in Dorch, and of course I have a busy day ahead of me
slamming - the new single love it
that's great! what a cool organization.
It'll be interesting to see reactions when SOUL FOOD JUNKIES comes out.
90 mins into the show & we get DLR solo plucking a guitar while telling stories about his sheep & cattle dogs as an intro to Ice Cream Man
For the next 6 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Buffalo Wing Special
Ohh you know I will be in that shit forsure lol be ready!!!!!! ;)
Finally watching your birthday show. Absoluutely loved the Broadway song to you!
Ryan Tannehill is a 3x academic all big 12. Mad respect.
should rename their song from "Wait So Long" to "Song So Good."
So fuckin tired....
Yes, so true. Airfare there is ridiculous. Esp from the East Coast. It was crazy when I went about 16 years ago too.
My wife just warned me not to get too skinny and that I should "bulk up" a bit. Hm....Guess I'll be hitting the gym!
looking for a #qa lead here in austin with #gaming experience
Reading/Lang Arts at 3/25 Family Sun. stories, snacks, Friends of the Library booksale, crafts.
Well......isn't that what ur doing right now? :)
Hey look everbody she think she cute!! NOT! lol
My idiot dog has a hook in his mouth !
and people are still going to vote for him
That little San Francisco kid is pissing me off. That last charge call was awful. He was blocking the path.
Laying with my baby all night just makes things feel so perfect. I like the way things are <3
Yay! Yeah...I definitely serenaded rush hour traffic the other day ; )
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
hope you're okay beautiful! <3
Out for summer that is. One more year until I graduate.
follow me austin please
You could be the next winner in the CBS 58 Great Gas Card Giveaway! Tune in this half hour to find out how.
There comes a life where you should just grow up and quit throwing your pussy like a football.
I'm not drunk... Floors need hugs too.
Hey there. Will do. I haven't been on here in a while. Busy writing. Talk to you later!
Mohawk no. What is the real question ?
Ok, Twitterverse: best place to rent a margarita machine in Houston? I'm looking for cheap and convenient. ?
Shocked kid, to my 14yo son: "Dude, you don't know who Peter Griffin is?" My son: "Do YOU know who Professor Moriarty is?"
People become attached to their burdens sometimes more than the burdens are attached to them. - George Bernard Shaw
"Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic?" - Best line on Sportscenter today
I think Matt Flynn's day may cost Rogers the MVP. I think Brees wins it.
Those awkward moments when knows who it is while calling restricteded. HateLies<3Trust
While they're at it, they can expect a PS4 and Xbox 720 reveal next month at the retail price of 199.99
Right... if you're using WP as a CMS, you should use Pages and not Posts for normal non-timed content.
Hello, people of twitter! Please follow my organization :)
Why were the #Raptors wout 1 of their stars last night? WWW.ussportspages.com
😞oh I'm moving definitely in the summer.
Hello How are you Doing today?
true, too tough to pick lol
LMAO @ Michigan. way to get BEAT by OHIO. Hey Trey Burke, that clutch shooting down the stretch is justifies OSU not recruiting you.
I'm tryin not to unfollow ppl but it ain't lookin too good
All-nighters. Coffee. Chai. Music. Essays. Homework. Tests. Work. Pizza rolls. No sleep. = my college experience.
Oh it's such a perfect day / I'm glad I spent it with you / It's such a perfect day / You keep me hanging on
People in a massage waiting room are the most annoying people ever. This is a quiet place. Stop talking to yourself and chewing mints.
may I recommend a designated social media person 4every conference? I'm so disappointed that the #MarriageAmerica was a tweet bust
Getting ready for the operations meeting. We in the home stretch....
Wants a juicer.
actually, our skin starts to boil
i know we should. Lets do it!(:
Shut and get your shit together. RT You came here w/ full knowledge I was your QB. Play #Tebow if you want me to go away!
That's not really fair on my side..
Hometown buffet with my mom!
RT : Somebody put my girl on radio!!!
A show called malik jihad is on tv..... :) ~16days<3x~
Did u miss us? Because we certainly missed u! Well, we r back baby so one way or another get on over here and come see us!
Any improvements to Lowell Park?
Very true! I like it!
:) you're too kind
RT : We did, they didn't :( "…We're SO close to 80K followers that if U tell UR followers to follow US we'll follow U back?"
I'm a busy man.
Congrats Michael Best! Best Law Firm at Corporate Report WI Best of Business Awards
code used already?
<<<-Over the top! Your imitation was on point!
Have a great Class out there!! Have fun and happy birthday Millie :)
I literally just cried listening to #Sanctuary. So proud <3
pinche auto correct.....I ments to say tell her la yorna is coming
The yankees ball for sure.
Sorry delayed reaction while on vacay. That photo thing you were talking about ...
Pattycake, pattycake, a bacon man, mixitall up grille it in a pan=bacon cakes.....uummmm good!
I think you mean Shamrock partially gelatinated non-dairy gum-based beverage
On my way to get STI & HIV tested :^) Knowledge is Power!
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.”
I don't even know what that means.
Thanks. We'll check it out!
Considering splurging on a newer, lighter more trail-appropriate bike. But this one will do for now. :)
I'll be in the mix @ The Hangar Tonight. $2.75 almost anything all night long! (8203 Broadway)10p.m.
Follow your heart :)
- will update the part about #Indonesia in her "Allah, Liberty & Love"
#FF , , and to see why we're so excited about teaching history through games (video and other)
but you're so good at it!
Aisha Tyler has huge giant hands in real life I see...
I'm smart, I'm athletic, I'm a total sweetheart, I can cook a mean dinner, and I have nice rack? What more do you want from me.
#Wierdest thing i tried for the first time today...rice with guacamole&lemon.:P...sounds gross but its pretty good
Having a "Why did I say that?" moment. In a phone interview I referred to #Perl as a hipster #programming language. WTF does that even mean?
did you not like the vow?
Yo! Djm3 is near done doing a remix of your song into a house track.... I have to say ...its fire bro
. It's even more fun when elementary students visit an academic library!
The marble not yet carved can hold the form of every thought the greatest artist has. -Michelangelo
“: I just chastised for misspelling the name of my imaginary childhood friend.” mine = Mr. & Mrs. Devil :-0
Gonna be singing live on the radio tonight
RT : Old joke. Woman to baseball player: "I just loove athletes." Player: "Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,"
We'll have two reviews going live first thing in the morning! Get ready to read our thoughts on Minecraft (XBLA) and Awesomenauts!
-- good to meet you! :-) Melinda
Already SO excited about #springbreak #pcb2012 !!!
Totally! I'll put you down for 2 tix and will send you a pm as soon as I post the event on meetup. Cheers!
Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire~ Needless to say since Christs expiation not one single Christian has been known to sin or die.
Frank ocean can suck my dick I hate his music lol
good man! How's school?
it's ok! i'm not disappointed, so you shouldn't be either
On my way to class
haha, same thing here. Great seeing you again. Are u going to HOF? I was gonna see if ppl want to meet up b4
#RandomThought I'm glad I never got burned
Man I hate lame niggers
Hey Everybody if your're a Berkeley College Student start hash tagging #BCLife. Lets make #BCLife a movement.
Who's cool &' never notices me. (: HEHE. <3 yepp he's cool.
Good how about you?
Mc and Streetz,Grimetime, and More will be tearing down Mandees July 16th Release Party its gonna be classic!!!!
keep telling yourself that
k txt me if you got questions :)
Is a cure for aging near? Heard a morning show will talk about that on Tuesday morning (12-13-2011). Not sure which TV show, post if U no.
David Beckham's underwear ad made me think impure thoughts.
sounds good! U kicked ass tonight! We loved ur solo's!!!
": Ain't no fun . . ." If the homies cant have none!
girl you better start tomorrow, cramming the night before aint gonna work. Lol.
Ever thought of how much money you spend a year on gas while circling to find a parking spot? Send us your guesses and we'll tell you!
The numbers are in! Thanks to all that helped raise over 10,000 pounds of food for the Hunger Task Force!
Life is not about "finding your self"~It is about Creating yourself!
Flights are resuming, but plenty of travelers still need help call volume up as much as 66% from
Thanks man love ya too! Wish you were here.
1st thoughts of Impostito's: everyone here (employees & diners) looks like they "know a guy." Also, crab & crawfish cannelloni do NOT suck.
Cool, I will have to look into it. Thanks!
No talking
I'm on a follow limit:(
Once again, we're bringing our POSITIVE message to WKY! Doing media interviews from E-town all the way to Princeton.
tweet me numbers, and i'll rate your profile?
Metament: When too much metadata gets in the way.
Ah..Thursday night..that's all..
need a co-owner any one up for the position ? xD
Uh don't get an attitude with me kid.
I believe watching Disney movies as a child gazillion times, is normal, I did that too as well. :)
I'm ok with a little rain in March, but it should also be 50 degrees out first!
happy in our circle, until the sky turns purple.
Our line is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to solve any HVAC issues! Timely & reliable service, that is what we offer!!!!!
"The essence of any true transformation lies in the letting go." ~Katherine Woodward Thomas
The biggest people seem to always drive the smallest cars.
what did he do?
A dusting of snow on the ground. Is it going to stop you from hitting the boat show today? Come on
Just came back from watching Cabin in the woods. Everyone go see it, its an awesome movie! Very entertaining!
that's awesome! Which show?
vs Lock-Up (me and ). Watch the heads roll.
The kid is watching Handy Manny, a bilingual show about a Hispanic fix-it guy. Does anyone else see the stereotype here, or is it just me?
Hang out B40, Cathy
I gotta smile for my girl , when its time to walk .
Had a blast at the Do Something Awards w !! And I got to brierfly see !! Watch Thurs. 8/18 @ 9pm!
Jimmy check out the ninja. I love mine and use it everyday
not me. Nowhere near the variety of the original k cups.
Jelly. RT : Granny Asia in her fur coats and church hats. <3
thanks Vanessa! Happy Friday!
Look it up under B, for Bugs Meany.
I think I wanna go CHRISTMAS CAROLING! UH caroling, UH caroling uhh caroling we go........
#scms12 reads the sexist code comments in JFK Reloaded: revealing the game as like a snuff film
Hi Joan!! Have a great day!!
[Did you know] Stock wristband orders placed before 2pm EST M-F are out our doors and headed your way the same day? We're quick like that!
Oh no! Are you okay?
i will always follow you :)
#PrayForAngel I Hate Too See Austin Sad</3
Is it lunch time yet? :D RT : Only One Thing Comes To Mind, YUUUUUMMM!!!
profs and students - do u use refworks, endnote, other app to database ur references? what app is ur fav?
ha ha i think that's why people like her. you never know what to expect. :)
sorry meant tuesday night is the only night for Megan and I to chill...So Wednesday might be better.
Not even close babe
RT : Tonight. 6:30pm speed workout! Bag drop downstairs at the store then off to the track!!! WOOHOOO!
...They motivate others to exceed their limits and look for innovative ways to improve the organization." - Kouzes & Posner
Haha what are trying to say?!
I just want to go & sleep forever. Get my mind off of things, and forget about the world.
Can't wait to go for drinks on an outdoor patio tonight! What restaurants have outdoor spaces open already?
ohio state and I see
man chillin in Columbus bro. when you and B taking a road trip?! man I think last time I seen you was in BG
They Live in my pants
Difference between school & life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test. In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
it's a question/issue that comes up every year and she's always on top of it!
Hello, Juarez, my old friend! :D
LOL! I have the same 'issue'. We're total book hoarders.
Here's to hoping that Reed Hastings thought it was April Fool's Day. #netfilxfailsagain (aka, prepping for bankruptcy)
Kappa Delta song of dreams
will you follow me!? :)
I wish getting sex ... perfect gift Lmao
So little bears has that name because hes little?? whats his name when hes all grown up?
blastin DMx in the hood..... I mean Ok
retinols are going to eat up your skin. newer technology using amino acids (peptide based) are genlter succesful.
ElizabethABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Don't be afraid of success!!!
Only 4k loss? Be grateful you're running above expectation fishcake. : )
The title is The Book of Poems of That Traveler a Poetry Novel of 120 poems. please again check it out. Thank You.
": I gotta stay focused....... MONEY IS THE SUBJECT!!!"
#Writers: #StephenKing On Writing: "...if you can do it for joy, you can do it forever." p. 249
Nice talking ! RT glad you could make it!
I can't send you my e-mail via direct msg b/ca you aren't following me.
Gold Beach / gets a hat
From NOW until Saturday February 25th ALL Handbags are 25% off!!!
Debt crisis!Start contacting da Senator representing da state u reside in before da beginning of da end surfaces&ur money is soon worthless.
Ximedica's David Fink: Per FDA, medical device designers need 2 understand - & test - "human factor" & anticipate user errors.
oh my goodness.... Lol goodnight Liz :)
"Hispanic" - includes the Spanish conquerors and by definition, favors European cultural invasion, not indigenous roots.
Your requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdrive at 5 w/Helen Powers. Studio: 978 1023 or
by jove it worked!
Screaming kids in the pool could be annoying, but I'm just happy to hear someone using our pool
she's on the phone, but thanks for being concerned.
Ugh, my computer keeps running so fucking slow!!!!!
Producing hat fitting more comfy!
........ Can rent 2 like spend the night over there. That would be fun.
Shout out to wearing earphones at work even though your not playing anything so no one bothers you and you can hear everything
In honor of #summeriscoming I am giving up candy for lent. 46 days to go...
Will do!
Lets go bro. send me the info to : or call me at 770 572 0861
Chubb: Promise of digital learning is that it allows for individualization.
Having a weird day
Mines been up for a week!
Congrats to the 11. Good afternoon and evening.
Not feeling well. Stomach flu, but he's been taking such great care of me.
Henry and RVP together could be a good combo. Coming to getcha MCFC!
what was the brockton-mp final?
I can be your #Motivation -A ♬
bitch you can bring her!
Thanks! I'll definitely leave lots of time. I can always sit and read in the car if I get there too early!
Oh! Sure, shoot.
Thanks for sharing the article on heroic leaders!
Could use a nice sketch book.
Just left the funeral home. I hope GOD gives my children strength to make it thru this. #janie♥
you have a nice car ;)
What a cool job!
If I grab a quick post-work drink with colleagues at Ale Mary's will I be required to go to confession this weekend?
oh, to have been a fly on the wall for that... hope it was fun though!
No one can go back and make a brand new start, but anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending!
why? BECUASE I WONT THAT ARGUEMENT LIKE A BOSS.
Im SUPER hungry o.o
Studying for my quiz ._.
haha you probably do! I'll behave :)
woo I'm famous haha
Suggestion for #IU12 , 's and online-to-offline's missing marketing ingredient: Facebook Credits
Damn it...the American coverage of the #Formula1 China gran prix fucking sucks!!!
The blister is 90% healed. Ready to go 14 innings on Sunday!
no BBQ. Went out for Italian. How about you.
Got wrapped up working on a necklace. Where has the day gone? I do love how the necklace turned out though.
Sweet Empire Records reference...
more pathetic is when the refs go to the monitor to look at an out of bounds call, etc.& they get a worse look due to the feed
good thing I wasn't there
laying here, you?
Oh I wish I could love I wish I could ! Miss you
AL POSTE AMOREBIETA!
Ok i will be fine (:
all BMW drivers are assholes. Every single one.
Please #FOLLOW TMCRecords® CEO & President
oh haha, i feel loved :D
Haha, you are crazy! Shoulda been @ the club. Lol.
So you can tweet but you can't text me and back? I see. #goodfriend #whoyouwith?
lol he is such an idiot.
Absolutely! You know I'll be thurr.
great P90X? Or Burn?
hahaha na what have u been up to brotha
Got the job. Fingers uncrossed.
PRWV breaking out....
Sorry about the status. -Kendra and Ryan
Thank you.. Merry Christmas to you too :)
Jesus, I know we only talk during BEARS games but if the BEARS can win this game you'll have my sincere thanks! Love ya buddy!
Congrats, Anna! RT : BLUE MOTH - my first album is out today on Tzadik!
I will do that but I am sure I no what it has to do with
Settlement Summit - Fabulous a.m. @ the UN w/colleagues; instructive & enjoyable p.m. movies & sessions, now 4 the closing dinner
Thanks again. Hope you can make it, too. Are you planning to be in LA then?
HI EVERYONE HOPE ALL IS WELL
I experienced road rage for the first time today...
I'm missing out.. Fackkkk
Thank you guys also. 3D sounds cool....
nah basically my mom n dad are divorced so i keep switching between england london&san diego US
#sxsw saw WhoMadeWho and briefly Chaingang of 1974 (clubusic) b4 High Dials (power-pop). Now at Flamingo Cantina for world/reggae.
I hate being tired in school and thinking "I'm going to take a nap as soon as I get home" and then when I get home I'm not tired anymore."
st want to die😢
Why do you send him their Rob?
niggas think its a game… got me messed up
African American Read-In today at noon at Reynolda House. Free! What's your favorite passage?
RT : Thanks for Following
When you are my friend = friend. When you are my enemy=enemy nothing in between.
To be clear, I would _love_ to write the opposite opinion for you. :)
sorry she's into me.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Unless your disingenuine self is far superior to you genuine self.
SEO NEWS: Gathering More Data: Time to Take and Share the 2012 Industry Survey
almost to destin!!!
as of last Sun I do!
Congratulations! We really do have more fun!!
Don't ever wanna deal with u ..Tina u crazy ass bitch haha
Halloween fun tonight at the Oldham County YMCA! 5:30-7:30 for trick or treating, games and more. Wear your costumes!
with two young kids I don't know how you do it but thank you :)
Good morning beautiful, how was your night?
Good Sunday to all! Me we all be blessed today.
Isn't it a wild world? There is love and there is sadness, and there are miracles and madness. We may never understand.
Nah he always announces them such short notice, I don't have time to get off work
The concept that originally brought me to Lacan - that of Winnicott's "play". Has come full circle.
I no longer look to the industry to validate me. I no longer measure myself by anyone else's standards. I love myself exactly where I am.
Mayor Sam Adams banning bags is best thing since sliced bread. OMG! Wait Sammy, the bread bags!
I would really like to spend my whole day today at the pool.
wish we could make it down! Enjoy that stout.
I'm going to keep my eyes peeled awake for this last tune.. killer tenor sax player...
well it was good nite 5 hours sgo but now morning time to start another day. Hope your day will be a successful one.
s/o to god man he still keeping me
Thanks for the article!
I'm going on a pleasure reading bender once I finish this tutorial for #libraryschool. GET READY, FICTION SHELVES.
wtf is really good!
"Tell me now where was my fault"
Happy Veterans Day! To all the soldiers that are sacrificing their lives & time w/ their families to keep us safe. You have my gratitude. <3
Lucky I have
At the moment I feel like my writing skills are a lot like my web design skills: I know a lot, but I still have a long way to go. *sigh*
Feeling lucky today?2 passesto Aspen Film Shortsfest,2night stay at the Viceroy,AspenRegal bottle service.www.livethedreamaspensnowmass.com
where u at???
I never lied about my feelings, I said I love you and I will always mean it.
I'm so sorry we didn't answer this weekend. I hope you were still able to enjoy Popcorn Pops. We perform rain or shine!
“: #Taurus is always the observant one even if drunk or high.” We're always watching you,
THat sounds like the perfect day.
Somebody just poked me on facebook, she's totally DTF.
You can't act like a boy in grown ass relationship.
Thanks for the references. Out of laziness/time crunch since the move I've gone to Lowe's for plants but am ready for more
o wow that's great thanks.
I just wanna feel special... That's why I'm Special K... <3
Adios to my brace face tomorrow.
Just completed my first app of the day for a pharmacy tech since all u need is a h.s diploma
So, I shall remain in day job data entry purgatory?!
OMG just got back from hawaii SO jet lagged
yeah me too! It was scary there for a bit! LOL
Anything, you know? -smiles-
rumors are so over-rated
“: hell yeah...a retweet and follow from my life is complete” literally I can die happy
Congrats to and on getting their 1st USMNT caps. You 2 and made all #SportingKC fans proud tonight.
Teachers want more voices in edu, but so do students! Where is the student town hall? Students need a strong voice as well!
Bon Iver drops Eau Claire, WI name in thank you speech! Well deserved best new artist.
We Hope You All Have A Fun Filled New Year!!
Actually having a birthday party this year. Rock on.
can u give me a shoutout? i neew more followers lol <3
All you need is love, love, Love is all you need
Seriously, I feel sorry for the kid. It's going to haunt him.
- We are looking forward to having you #3/28 to discuss America's Youngest #Outcasts, 2010.
What was cascades senior prank?
My excitement has yet to wear off from the Rock Hall induction ceremony. CLE needs this every year - after all the Rock Hall is here!
Truth Be Told: UVs can penetrate clothes. Especially if white! So put on sunblock BEFORE u dress. Ur skin will heart u!
r.i.p to my uncle Clint tho. You aint stressin anymore... Prayin mega hard for my family from now on.
boys; jean shorts is not attractive just saying.
Thanks Brian! The Friday Fish Fry Guide is what was always needed but didn't exist until now.
really is this better than Orlando down 27 in second half or more meaningful because of elite status of Clippers? Big win by C's
Love to see it
What did the 49ers trade away to move up in the 4th?
“: I thought you guys were going to Mothers...” and CP did me, and did Something else ;)
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for St. Patty’s Day?
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X43
haha, send me some recommendations then
want you to love me like it's our last day baby!
#IfWomenDidNotExist there would be no drama. And I am OK WITH THAT lol.
get off the playground Bob, go back to work.
Super 8 was great
