The Seattle #Seahawks reveal their new uniforms today. Can't wait to see them. Hope they're closer to their classic pre-2002 look
why don't you girls night it on up to OKC. Laina and I are having dinner and drinks. K...bye!!!
haha, cheat. I'm good. mmh, how 'bout you?
We just found out we're going to have a baby!!! What a cool Valentine's Day gift from God!
i know way too many fakers, two is way more then enough
my bra is over there in my chair talking 2 some girl saying I got a blunt man u going 2 let me fucc something . Were they do dat @ (#^_^#)
RnB Meets Reggae Sunday July 8, Miramar Regional Park.
After currency, family currently
I've been wearing shorts & running shoes for an hour, patiently waiting for the T-storm so I have an excuse not to go. Now the sun's out.
3 New Artists. Unlimited amount of talent, and US. Put them together, we bring you all happiness.
I'm here -smiles-
It's Charlotte Bronte's birthday! Guys, go lock all your crazy gfs&wives in the attic and go seduce a steely innocent w low self esteem!
Even if the rose colored glass brightens and livens life up beyond reality, I'm still ok with those few moments of illusion
I didn't know that Comcast offered internets access to students in need for $ 10/month ?!?!? In Philly.
ha - awesome. *definite* classic Walter.
Well. Today is going to be awesome
#Vietnam Very special collaboration w Vietnam now as new generations of ppl focus on building nation, 30 April 1975 Saigon fell, 37 yrs ago
:) it was for like minded spirits
Well, Aaron Rodgers has his signature drive.
Its so hot outside
The Pumpkin Spice Ale has been brewed, boiled, pumpkined, and now sits in the fermenter!Who's ready for some great autumn brews?
imo, it could also be within a museum or history department.
OMG i'm in the laud-daudy we likes to party...throw back lol! *CreativeGrace*
lol RT : - sure is quiet at #BSides Cancun.... give us some tweets so we can pretend we are there!
Sweet! we rock!
okay haha. Thats gonna be hard for me tho cuz my stuff is so like detailed...do far ive memorized 2 sentences
Driving 2 W TX 2 document new 30 acre Village Farms greenhouse. Sustainable energy use, jobs boost, many cool things 2 see.
Going horseback riding :)
Haha I love you too garrett!! :) I hope you have a fantab christmas as well!! :)) #lovealways!
a little disappointed. just ended a gr8 support tech support call. initially thought help was robot & was super impressed.
aw poor Molly
Yay! New photo box coming out from #appo to replace discontinued Creative Memories Power Sort box.
Did it flood in? U still at Brittmoore RT : Who is all going to the Houston Dynamo Opener tonight?!
Thanks for the love and stuff, !
Starbucks is the official office of the network marketing industry.
Playing tonight @ the Mad Frog with AC30 and Jody Stapleton and the Generals. Come rock out with us.
It is cold in my house..... *Shivers* feels great tho cuz its super hot outside.
will yall send me those pics of us
haha yea I don't take it anywhere near a sink now
Decided to take a hiatus from twitter...Worse idea ever
This is Dave -- I did not make the wedding :(
Swapped an old hard drive back into my laptop tonight. Interesting to see the bookmarks list from 2 years ago. Times have changed.
Well I can't remember cause I was always high#teenagememories ha ha good times!
you'll see;)
Developed novel pipeline to track thousands of peptides from research subjects for developing bio markers
yeah it has to interlocking positions one is like an axe the other is like a hook
I have decided to give my belly button up for lint... I figure at the end of 40 days I'll have enough saved up to have a sweater knitted
bahaha I was wrong. the teaser was for letting off steam and #?!* but I really do talk to myself and that's good for me too.
Sometimes you're just that awkward weird 20 year old or whatever
lmao see I fuxx with you cuz your on your A game when it comes too this music stuff!!
So true! I make that all the time!
Omg this is the BEST DAY EVER!!!
I told my aunties happy mothers day nd I love you nd all they said was thanks. Smh I see
love my friends from high school
Can't think of what I've learned right now but I'll be thanking you someday
If I were gay in Iran, I would get out of there ASAP
You know him?
Special prosecutor confirmed Zimmerman is in custody, turned himself in
I hate when someone calls me & I don't answer and when I call them back they don't answer -_-
Emerald looks really. freaking. cool! #RevereisComing!
I did
God I wanna make some bucks easy like no prob. But my occupation sucks, call it a blow job.
bufffy r u an alcoholic???
Go Gophers!? Nevermind....“: Love me some March Madness.
I know, right? It seems you and I are he only ones wig the brilliance to realize that..
me mr wrong get along so good.
Happy Wednesday!! A little inspiration to get you through the week. "Do or Do Not, There is no Try." - Yoda
We couldn't agree more! RT Just 20 minutes in your day to read with your keiki! Great bonding, learning and sharing!
Selecting The Right Gas Water Heater
lol. Hahaha i know right. I was like uhh thanks sir.
I need more followers.. This Shiz is crazy :O
sounds official... nah it sounds like they sell fake jordans
We are so excited for the Bears Game! Join us for Great Food, staff and Awesome TV's with sound on!
Seinfeld "Dealership" episode, classic.
aaaxxxxxxx I'm fell in love with him!
Even the commentators basically called you a pussy Ivanovich. Get up and quit crying.
Join us for lunch! We are serving up some tasty dishes from 11-3!
In case you were wondering, Avengers was Bad. Ass.
Any Dallas TX area artists want to ride on the Tour Bus and Perform in AUSTIN? Call MD@ 254-317-5440. FREE RIDE!!! RETWEET!
lol yeah you guys are but owell I wish you nd your team luck
legitimate. I want to write short posts.
- They did and you transported them there!
Well that segment of Today will be a heavily watched YouTube soon enough
Hello Wednesday! There's no sunshine but there's sushi;D Please come in for warm threat or creative sushi.
A woman's fury isn't contingent on race. Mad is mad whether u r black, white, tan, etc. etc.
Are those the new jordan's
The right attitude..with the right actions...make things happen. Go take some actions!
Why would I give up either of those things?!? I would rather give up air!
That wall was the only thing Bryce Harper hit with his bat all night long
LMFAO!! We need to watch Mulan soon :)
Man I.cant count how many shots deep I am... Redic...
Be careful driving. There are quite a few trees down. Thankful to be home from work. No need for power where I'm going... BED!!! Goodnight!
Forgot my student ID so I can't even get my books. Why am I still here if I can't even learn? Deuces lol
More videos are in the works for all of you to check out. Check your inbox for an update for the new videos!!
"SADNESS IS A VICE" wrote Gustave Flaubert, sounding eerily like Jenny Holzer...
Because some people (who shall remain nameless) are douchebags. And to get along with them is to encourage them.
hahh forsure :) and i miss you too!!
Coaching is effective on the phone. I work w/clients in LA & in other states/countries, by phone/Skype. Most I've never met in person.
I should really set up my guitar soon...
But I've grown very fond of salsa, and I will learn how to make this non culturally constructed condiment. Lol
I'm seriously gonna try to get in shape
miss you!! Lunch :-)
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain. ~
follow back?
#mtiprivacy Lillie Coney, EPIC - privacy policies were made in the USA; we exported it and now its coming back.
I have a secret...
Nice seeing you last night man! Let me know what you're planning for
Stan came out and did a wonderful job. He is very professional,knowledgeable and courteous. Represents your company very well. Jim N.
And I want to apologize for getting so mad at every little thing you said like I was a huge ole baby
RT ": Groovy RT How are yall doing today Twitter?!..(:" that's what's up! & you model hun? ... Yes ma'am
Thanks for the #MM and #FF love. I send great vibes #ED (every day) :p
Derek Jeter, shut up. If you play up to your contract you can say whatever you want. But only if.
Saw the CuteOverload post on yr Channel. Great stuff! Consider coming to #cable12 . Lots of networking opps with MSO's
Alethos anesti! Had some lamb on the spit today.
Whatever. Goodnight.
No sweat, Chuck, and right back at ya. RT Thanks for the tweet D. You're world class. Cheers!
Just saw the news. I'm so proud of my President today.
LMBO yeah pls let the stylus put the finishing touches on the do.
If Lincecum could just move the pitching rubber 18 inches to the first base side.....
I know. That's why it's so weird.
TONIGHT Rookie Night, Crowded Drunk-Filled House, Never Get a Cab for Cutie $30
ELBOW BARS YOU IDIOT!!!!!
I wonder if I'm on anyones #SomeoneIWantToMeet List :) HAHA JK [: I Will Like To Meet !
I'm glad you finally got that one out.
What the hell! Only in Ohio do we make games this damn close!
I hate running in cold weather.
Keeping north Alabama in my thoughts today – it's been a rough couple of years there with these storms.
ditto fellas.
At least this is about the issue. I disagree with your defs AND you're way off in your interp of my views.
Hello! Happy riding to you!
Don't forget your weekend orders for cakes, cookies and other sweet treats!
Watch the Monroe Varsity Boys Hockey take on Kenosha at Monroe SLICE arena Friday night at 6.
sure thing!
haha poor siri, we confused her
Milwaukee's junior guard Ja'Rob McCallum from Marion, Indiana will not play today due to injury.
DON'T DIE ON ME BIANCA...I haven't met you yet...lol JK
So what are you listening to this weekend?
I really want Rusty to marry me
Tom Hanks is always a win.
Tonight ! $4 ANY DRINK ALL NITE! Patron-Goose-Crown-AMF's-etc! 2 dance floors! Every1 free B4 11pm! Off Central & Filmore St.
Corn tortillas?
First run. Oh god
Lots of MLB scouts at the baseball tournament: Marlins, Devil Rays, Indians.....
no, he had a Texas license plate. Yelled at the cars passing by, "eff off" -- was v awkward.
You know what I love making? Trouble!
It's whenever boo. You already know we got to play catch up.
To Utica we go. See you at Nail Creek tonight.
I'm like you don't even know how to control a flip phone yet you can get in my twitter account?! And she said I had a life b4 I had you, cnt
Thunder and lightening storms are my favorite.
he is/was awesomely creepy in The "Big Love" series started in the 2nd season I believe.
Dick Dale brings the surf, brings the beats. Both are tonight. Listen 1st then get out there:...
lmao overreaction much??
Good morning 
Not one bit.
good night, Kathy. Enjoyed sharing the trip with you and appreciated the advice.
lots of sandwiches
so what happen to the #KONY thing where everyone goes outside and trashes the city with kony signs??
It would become my life's motto #I<3Waffles
I've died everyday waiting for you, darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years. 💜
found my yellow pompom maker. Left brain fart purchase at the shop. making some tonight!
yes, + effects are int'l, not limited to Gr. also rec "Lords of Finance" by Ahamed for insight into int'l coord or lack thereof.
Heading to OTR In about 20 min!!!!!!
Can't wait for saturday!
#TheVoice watching the only give you what you pay your cable for! Go Up! Thank you
it is DELICIOUS!!!!!
from #SLS12 to seeing , this past weekend was exhausting but well worth it.
I want ice cream!
i added you to my circle on #google+ , add me back already! ;-P
I don't remember them thinking helping others was such a bad thing when the banks were bailed out.
yes! I've been thinking the same thing. I mean... The bass! Ha
CAROL FINNEY, I loved the song BACKSTABBERS by the OJAYS. MITT ROMNEY takes so much pleasure in seeing a person suffer on the spot. NLD Mom
Your home deserves the best! With Statewide, you’re getting an honest, dependable home improvement company you can trust.
Go Vegas
could be because ur a red sox fan and gorgeous!! Go DUCKS!!!!
Kids 12 and younger are free at #Stutz open house Sat 2-7 PM. Herron doing art activities on 3rd floor.
i just woke a bit ago and hace to get this house packed up and ready to move....
why would we do that when we have the leverage to get something in return, this is a business not a charity
So true! RT "Treat everyone like a VIP! Because everyone deserves it" -
What's even better is when plays something I've never heard but fall in love with hearing it just the one time. :-)
#stevejobs #biography Is it already for sale in the Netherlands?
Also, gaining the beautiful acquaintance of tonight. Stoked for to finally join the party.
#ThingsMyMotherSays You think that's funny. Right?
Yo Udoka - you're the Seattleite I met at #ignitesf last night, right?
They got all kinds of kush!! Lol
It amazes me how some people think they can read an article & all of a sudden know everything about SEO. Please don't make that mistake!
I need a day off
A lot of followers of mine have been giving me flack for making fun of women in Philly. And your point? They're dirty hoes
Ima start ending my tweets with "-Chelsea but only if i have more space. -Chelsea
Pssst… go buy 's new EP! Now on iTunes! :)
YES. Haha I hope they take my picture soon!
hook a brother up
Ha she's stupid your hella FINE
The greatest motive in forgiving others is to give tribute to the forgiveness God has freely given to those who trust him.
RT : #Gophers coach Jerry Kill and QB MarQueis Gray among those to address the media later this afternoon.
#UShouldnt act like your not
Thank you, sir. Look forward to talking to you and your bro when the time presents itself...
Got my ass kicked at tennis by Ryan Cain today. Lots of fun. Now watching Bull Durham. Good day overall. :)
im not sure yet if its that but i think i am idk monica tell ya later!
I don't think this one can be Skyped, but it's something to consider!
Two more days in Teacher Appreciation week. Have you thanked a teacher today?
lucky you!! Have fun TTYS -JP
Happy Monday! Here's to a great work-week =)
No problem! Please stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
Congrats on getting your screenplay optioned! Exciting stuff!
needs to come collect his prize sometime today in stadium 6
Yayyy! Me, Katie and Trish got a prize for being FIRST at the Church! Woohoo! Can u believe it?! :)
See the losers in the best bars. Meet the winners in the dives.
Deities are invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting drunk.
Hoodie Sunday is off da chain!!!
#OSM licensing discussion hot & heavy and folks are not so happy but somewhat uninformed about the core issues.
lol I'm weak
yea in jail u have less responsibility lol
We're on Facebook too! "Like" us, check in, look at cute pictures, read posts, watch videos...all that fun Facebook stuff, Penfield style!
fuck the school
BTW I like the watch, reminds me of a Luminox.
this is it! we're at the tipping point. The actual fighting will begin any day now. Stock up on water, canned-goods, batteries & fuel.
I am my mothers son...
Ha! Good point. Spread it out over a few good parties.
Georgia Satellites, Alabama, Kentucky Headhunters, Black Oak Arkansas, Ozark Mtn Daredevils. Southern bands lack name creativity.
Blasting up 1D up in the mornin hour! One Thing, What Makes You Beautiful, etc..
i had so much fun tonight! You guys were amazing!! Please come to New York more often!
The $30 is refundable upon actually attending. This event is happening.. in a very big way.
I think you will kid, I believe that.
We never pulled off we got locked up on the spot.
I think they just released a different cut of that movie. My ex got it. Came with a bunch of cool shit
I never understood how man feels he can change what God accepts
love you too <3 miss you too much. I miss everyone too much.
I'm so very glad I made sure to drink some water throughout the night...is it 5pm yet?
least surprising headline of the day: "Wisconsin shut out of federal train money" imagine that.
2Fer Tuesday's going on right now! 241 Drinks all night til 2am and FREE entry NO cover. People are filling up place as we speak see ya soon
mhm scrimmage tomorrow,
Happy New Year Big E
Belt for it? It's a bit frocky. I think I just made up that word.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH. Book finally ordered. high pitched squealing in office: commenced.
In less than 24 hours you have changed my life. Thanks for the follow.
New FM transmitter arrived from Amazon. My car is now officially in the 21st century.
Holiday Crawfish-Boil featured in today's Weekender.
i will be there tonight in the #redstweetup section
#PeopleLikeUs FLY TO LOS ANGELE'S FOR A DAVID BECKHAM GM..
If there is a design to the world in which we live, there must be a designer.~Thomas S Monson
Might just get that Altima fully loaded this time
-We must hang out soon! Text me. <3
how's that working out?
A co-worker just described a burlap-like fabric as "Egyptian Irridescent." Points for effective bullshitting but deduction for being SO DUMB
Cleaning time with
Dude holds up entire line at to tell cashier dumb story about a fake ID...Dude, this ain't a social club, move along.
Bbq coma after #johnbrownsmokehouse w/nathan and friends
Hatch is hiring for exp Admins in the Milwaukee area! Ready to make a move? Contact us today for the latest openings!
It's easy to tell someone you love them. Harder to show.
Lol @ Beau typing YOLO like YeauLeau CLEVER BEAU CLEVER
Wow seriously i have 11 followers
Gah I hate USA Today. "Should Tebow be unleashed against Steelers?" More like "Should Tebow be lobbed at/flop around/get his ego checked..."
wats going on boo;)
that's so gross
Sent it to you via email last night.
re: scream 4, scream 4 the movie to be over?
Today's lesson from Kimberly's House of Compromise #KHOC is if you don't like it then there's the door.
I think it sucks that you charge schools $2000 a year to access your news archives. Way to support primary source research.
I Already Have My LLC =]
You look so cute! Love your headband.
Enjoy the moments, they are character defining
I should really be asleep.
5 Dollar Tans today :)! Who is ready to get bronze?
Anticipating being trapped in the house w\ the kids during #Irene ? Sieze the teachable moment. Think weather vocab, board games & conv
Its Friday morning and everyone needs to be getting their #TeamFitness on before the weekend starts....make sure you push yourself today!!
(Didnt write this, but I wish I did:) So Dick Clark dies in a year without a New Years Eve. Well played, Mayans. Well played.
Check out this throwback pic lol Mahoney u had way more hair
yeah i am going
Tats all on me. Money all on me. Foot loccer my next stop I had to get dis cash off me
Ordering Thai carry-out for supper,because I didn't eat out enough while I was in New York.
Its great to be able to confide in someone and have them say to u,"Ur plenty young! Go follow ur dream! What r u waitn for?" I needed that.
Follow me @ ROshirtRNoShirt
Getting ready for Dream Girls rehearsal tonight... Super excited about playing Effie
awesome! I want to check out BH and your new recordings! Hope you're enjoying rainy SF :)
All Pro Dads Don’t Place Work Above Family
not helping...
There's also nothing like having no wind while playing a quick front 9.
I am a little frightened of this tango.
What a beautiful day it is in the ATL. No one should b mad but glad 4 the opportunity 2 praise & worship our God. Praying for you! Pray 4me.
Looking to volunteer this holiday season? Consider the Festival of Lights (Dec. 9th, 5-9), it is sure to be a fun night. DM for info.
Attending some #Attensity internal training. Analyze 6.0 has some MAJORLY COOL features! Integrated BI + semi-automated categorization ROCK!
Years ago, at my aunt's baby shower, one of her friends pronounced "onesie" as "oh-NY-uh-sis". -_-
Who schedules a meeting at 4 pm on a Friday?? Blaaahhh....
People are coming down, dewinterizing their boats and getting on the water!!!! Come and be a part of it all.
Spurs in six.
i just hope its all the exact questions from the quizes
Finally catching up on #musesocial chat. Sorry I had to miss it!
Back in the 812..
I have read an interesting topic from paidtoplayinfo
The Clippers bench have scored all their pts in the 4th quarter...
yea dever nuggets u r a better team without him,, lol lol
Perkins is sweating like a bitch!!
that's vile!
I skipped friday.. And I needed to work on my project in ceramics. lol
going for a run in this weather is
Love me a foggy and frosty morning in Chicago!
ready for easter sunday round 2?
Wow triple H was about to fire him but then outta no where undertaker??? What?
Hey to the world, anyone up for chatting? Because I'm bore out of my mind stuck at home with 5 younger siblings!
Evolution of a Man: via
"Firm" is in the word "afFIRMation" for a reason. It builds a solid foundation of confidence.
I think everyone could use a little happiness right now.
Your #resume doesn't have to play by the rules. on behalf of reveals why on our feed.
asdsfklashdla subscribed to WAY too many people! should i unsubcribe everyone & only resubscribe the ones i wanna stay subscribed to?
let's do the smoke shack at noon. It will be me (mike) and Al joining from mindspike THX!
I know I'm going to sound like a complete bitch but I hate mothers day...
love it ! I needed 2 hear that 2day
check out this website its a way to light up your harley for christmas. www.darksideshields.com
SAID SHE WAS HIS EX
I see a guy prancing across the finish line as he wins a race.
Good morning
No problem.
Is it bad that I get most of my news from Twitter?
Correction on that last tweet: should have been Off. Reb. % allowed by defense.
when you guys opening in San Francisco? Missing you!
no reason to appologize, just ball out @ Florida
RT : gonna be so good to be back tomorrow night... if you wanna come to the dinner, please hit me up soon!
in case you missed this ad for vodka and sexual violence--yech....don't drink this vodka
Watching Funiest comedian ever!
i wish i had a goldfish :(
Annie Lennox rules
I think she likes me. Im gonna ask her.
My reading and watching lately have raised this question...Battlestar Galactica anyone?
Make sure you guys tell All Your Friends To follow me #TeamFolllow Back
Do we really need to hear from the President now?
L.O.L. Don't even get me started.
despite lag inside, you were right. Going home sooner that I thought!
Followed. Can you follow back?
ohh you know , the usual, life screwing me in every direction possible. No big deal.
Wow! Didn't think you'd respond.. I apologize if I was rude. Us sport fans get passionate! :)
Aster Coffee on 24th Ave in Ballard might work for you. Very limited breakfast menu, but Belgian Waffles and great coffee!
Words of the day: Love, Peace and Soul
This might be one of the most surreal moments if my life.
Gotta review it, I think Davis goes down to DE, Beason stays in middle. Feel like Applewhite plays. Also, get DB into the game CB
Just watched the first episode of Weeds on Netflix. I LOVE getting addicted to shows. Why do I do this to myself?
Aren't you supposed to be in Utah??
Im not afraid. Oh wait for a second there I though I was the black guy from Ghostbusters. Winston.
Finally caught Drive-- and know what you were saying about the soundtrack a while back. Love the sound.
cool who dosent
Unfortunate reality: it's nearly completely pointless to get involved in activism when you don't have money.
Congrats to our fourth winner who will meet Brandon Deaderick Sunday
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Numerous showers and thunderstorms this evening. Then scattered showers after midnight....
I JUST WANNA SEE YOUR BUTTHOLE
"strike me now as commonplace, while serenely missing things that now seem wonderful. We grow, as readers, and twenty-year-olds
not never
He seemed very familiar too! Cain actually was very friendly & stuck to policy of not commenting on local disputes - stadium
RT : The 10 Most Quoted Tweets About Steve Jobs: It was an outpouring of grief on a scale that Twitter has seldom......
lol like an old g. like "sup, cat? names kane suga. but you already know" hahaha
Captain labia is....
Your good morning.text <3 >>>>>
is making Twitter EXPLODE right now.
I give up with love, no matter how you treat her.. it still knocks you down <3
Just getting home to find that Morimoto threw out the first pitch. This makes me really happy.
rushing to catch a train to NYC. not entirely sure what i packed...but i have my travel essentials: my raybans, my fryes, my beau & my visa.
How can you tell you that some one wants to break up with you?
nm just listening music :)) u?
better hope you get D. Williams & Dwight Howard cause Bynum has Rasheed Wallace/Metta World Peace head problems!
is it bad when the things you love the most and you're only way to get through the hard times don't help anymore?
The usb port broke, so it won't charge nemore :-(
Awesome Sauce. You'll see.......
Thank you to all who came to our Advocacy workshop today in City Heights!
Miller says everyone is mistaken if they think Tebow is just going to be a Wildcat QB.
Steve Blake looks like bouchie I think that's how u spell that white mans name
Feeling a little alone...going to start a book...soon
Understand, I'm really the person I say I am. Most people are still tryin to talk themselves into it!
not today , tomorrow
Good morning...gorgeous weather this weekend #excited!!!
it would aso be pretty amazing if followed me, but what if Justin had extra tickets and just handed them out?
Presenting from 2-3 at NECC - Navigating the Library of Congress Web site!
When you're taking a shower and your foot slips and your life flashes before your eyes.
Big news coming soon about the closing night party!! Stay tuned!!
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. Douglas Adams (1952 - 2001)
I've got a whole 2 liter ma'am
RT Where is Master Fuol nowadays? He still in the Wyoming/Colorado area? // he is here...we are cooking something
MORE than ready for summer to be over. I refuse to buy warm weather clothing!
yes she is ! Daisy is going to have her own adventure at Grandma's ;)
Norma Beach dot com
支持中文！Nice it let me tweet in Chinese.
Facebook is gaining on Orkut rapidly - already outpacing it. #Hizp12 #storm people still spend more time on Orkut.
WOO! Hope the rest of the day is just as awesome! RT Jump Around just happened at
SEAN, PLEASE, FOLLOW ME BACK! :) I LOVE YOU AND YOUR MUSIC. ♥ i'll be really HAPPY.
I'm already following you on here haha. Let me know If you want to set a party up n I'll hook you up with some free stuff 😉
between University and State last night, I am surprised I'm not dead. This burn on my leg hurts
Same to you fam!!
exciting! what was the context? I definitely need to head to webwise next year.
Dear webinar gods: Please do not let me start snoring.
Why is my ex looking for me? Why does he wanna talk? to me why is he walking me to class?! what does he want?!!
Would love to learn French, Swiss, Italian, Japanese, and Spanish
I'm at National Museum of American Indian: #museum worth (re)visiting for stunning exhibits, important themes, free entry
#Badgers 6-7 all-time in the #ACCB1G, 4-1 at the Kohl Center. Tied for most wins in #B1G and 3rd-best winning percentage
These kids got me watching sprout so much when I actually have a chance to watch tv i don't know what to watch haha.
Will u please please follow me?<21
Off to the appointment that's keeping me in CT: the oral surgeon to get my wisdom teeth out...didn't sleep well at all.
Showing from sun up to sun down for the next 3 days
Skyping till 5:30 in the morning! I'm glad I don't see the sun yet
oh you, joking around on april fools day
How is Jaime pronounced?
My students are so excited--the iPad Fairy arrives today to deliver a brand new iPad 2 to each of them.
Gloriously strong winds on the metrolink platform in st. louis. Insert metaphor for #4c12 here.
That means I have no hw ? Lol
not me, but we can pretend :)
worst nightmare RT: went for a run. ran face-first into a pigeon. vomited.
...needs to re-size my halo my horns are showing!
Let's grab the bull by the horns!
I'm so ready for some Ciampa time, sunsets, drinks and the ocean!
Everything hurts.
Friday night
Tits for life
Vote, Vote, Vote
that's some hood shit fr !
Where do you go to gather your beef cattle knowledge?
yikes. So are you playing community mgr, creating content, and running strategy for all? Sounds like alot for 1 headcount.
Time to make this journey minis the extra baggage. I am a better man than that. Enough
My mom just hit Stan in the balls!!! Hahahahahahaha lmao!! That's what you get Stan!
I knew your tweets were going to get dirty
lol we're gonna try! Hopefully sometime this spring/summer
Random nights with Mr. 314 himself!
do they make state pinky rings? Cuz if I'm not mistaken you already have 2 brother hahahaha best of luck
The Pro to cutting your finger nails is that you look less like a caveman. The Con...well, you just can't pick your nose as efficiently.
Dang sis.. I'm happy for you. Make sure you introduce us!
So jess wont get up to take us to work...and on top of that...did get up to take "her son" in her room cause she'd call the cops on us.
Italian Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm!
When will groupies learn?
What should a derivative beneficiary do to avail of the immigration benefits provided under the CSP
I know! You cld feed a family for a month with that dress! I found it when it was on "sale" too! Who is buying this stuff?!
Sweet, setting couches and cars on fire is considered classy now.
My trainer for these classes talks to us like we're pre-school age. Kinda funny, yet kind of annoying. I can't knock her though.
omgee im so proud of you!!
Hope i get the job i swear i doo dawg !
Goodbye, New York. That was a long week.
Typesetter correctly set "Modest_Witness©_Meets_OncoMouse™: Feminism and Technoscience" on first try. Bravo!!!
Hi Michael, thanks for the nice words. -Jim
What is dead? Your device? Haha
lololol love youu! if you meet them you better tell harry to call me ;) and that im 27...hahaha
Nah...definitely the Bobcats.
Dear AZ Cardinals...you keep spending the money on the right players....and we'll keep packing your stadium on Sundays
and did
God Bless America!
Going to sea world this weekend can't wait 
Follow my friend 's new and potentially quite hilarious page
I understand, some corporations have an interesting model for sales and marketing, its not always virtuous.
Unless you're a CIA or FBI agent the capable is irrelevant. The moral fabric of America is shattered not broken; fix ourselves!
that boy 's new video >
I'm doing great thanks for asking
Working on my fall syllabi so I can finally chose my textbooks. Someone should research how much students actually read vs what's assigned!
Fantasy factory...... it kills me every time 😂😂
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
ahahaha finally mad it down there!
but does it work with the fruit hat?!?
How many? RT : The number is higher. RT: 12-Year-Old Among 15 Shot Since Friday in Chicago...
Oh my lord I got a man he's nice lovin in every way. Love you jason
RT Still... The most popular thing on earth is the ol' in out... It's still more popular than google
RT : Life isn't about what happens to you, its about the way you react to those things.
A killer tire named Robert c:
Maybe that's not Teresa's husband #RHNJ Who is that Jeff Goldbloom guy? I don't watch this enough #RHBH rules!
my funds consist of $20 every 2 weeks starting next week
Go follow up to 200 followers
yeah definitely that
To have a better life you must first determine what you want your life to look like!
Guys! The polls are about to close in South Carolina! Apocalypse 2012!
S/O to for giving me a play by play of the last minute of the pacers game while I was driving home ❤
I'll probably end up talking to him as well. I was yelling at his picture on the screen when it wouldnt print, does that count?
lol as far as I know, everyone qualifies! Dont worry, school just started. You'll hear back soon
I'm a reporter w/ 12 News; are you going to tnight's mtg? Will there be a big crowd of parents there?
he just got married unk he down in texas i gave him your number. Ima kall u later but tell me watt u think of the mix- tape
“You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them. ” ― Maurice Sendak
E-Portfolio: There seems to be a trend of fear stopping people from experimenting with technology
I hope he's gonna be ok....sorry Kayla ..
Thanks for the holla!
you're very welcome! Hope you enjoy it! ^_^
#AFS11 ok where r the beverages being consumed?
well put haha
cannot wait !!!!
Hahaha his last name is Johnson.
Happy #starwarsday! #maythe4th be with you!
My wife Lisa and I began falling in love at a High School Valentines dance 37 years ago. I am still falling deeper in love every day!
A Little Bit of Texas tonight =) oh and saturday haha
Seen project x today.i can relate to those parties
Going to sign my new lease- little nervous about it. Commitment like these scare me!
Unattainable goals: nailing Katy Perry, scoring a home run, resurrecting Edgar Allan Poe. Attainable: Getting 1000 followers. Help me out!
Ambuli 3D in Mayajaal. 20 minutes into the movie. 3D is kinda irritating. Some scenes giving a headache.
phone caller wanted list of public computer classes. they're only being offered downtown because i'm the only one putting them together.
Gonna enjoy this day.
What was it today? Something about April 20th? Anyways we're open 11am-4pm & late night 11pm-3am. Surely you'll be hungry
Coke, can you please get with Diet Coke and make a baby? I am pretty sure 50% Coke and 50% Diet Coke is the answer to all my problems
lol standing on the bleachers with us when it was going off an just now!!!
in here chillen with my nigga dezzmo we wild !!!
Snow Day! I waited until the last day to do my performance review and the server is down.
lol thanks (: you too !! i was lookin a mess today tho . was out since this mornin -__- smh . but AYE we sure doo .
hm... it looks like the bolt holding the wire on the right side may be loose. try pulling the cable down & tightening the nut --
"As of February 2012, Panchos [Mexican Buffett's]...phone lines [are] disconnected and website removed. The reasons behind it are unknown."
harder to braid.
just read your story. Thanks for mentioning our relationship w/ Luck. Def want to talk to you about others..
yes sir way to go,,grinding on the academic side pays off
Before the Rains = seriously depressing movie
Even better strategy! There's no constructive way to talk to those people.
“: So, you're an Atheist? Please debate with me for hours about the Bible you've never actually read.” but we have read it..
- Cindy, A very belated "Thank You" for the #FF last week.
Thanks for the RT, we really appreciate it!
I get you, lol the tellys were the best part though. And no one died like in those creepy ass videos
Still dying...last night was a successful celebration of completing college
coated our 1st screen last night
lmbo I know he been on yo heels, leaning on something and watching u work
Dogfish Aprihop...it was not good at all
Massage is for the masses.
Another win and tie.
Congratulations and for the win last night. It was a beautiful race.
The south burbs are boring man....
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
My poker buddies called me at work today to say they miss me (my work sked changed). Sweet, but I think they miss my money.
Shaq & Chuck off the rip
get ur money back on that denver flight
planning a thanks givibg trip to vegas. Wanna make it a family event with u guys
just need the to win now
About to slide thru for a quick drink with the fam &
Rumor is it's just a twisted knee. If that's true, nbd.
Never say "THAT WON'T HAPPEN TO ME." Life has a funny way of proving us wrong.
Yuki looked so beautiful tonight!! I cried.. im a very proud sister!
Yep! Summer is in 2 days! :]
That's always a beautiful thing. :)
When did the New York fan base switch to Jeremy Lin anyway??
"Those assholes ruined happy hour" - 1%er during Fri #ows #springtraining Lets keep up the good work disrupting the 1%!
Attending the KMG: Perspectives on Branding event tonight.
Goodnight guys ♥
I'm over huff would rather watch belt strike out with risp. #the future
stfu man , wtf do you want me to say?
No rest for the wicked!! Immediately back into rehearsals for The Dames' Holiday Spectacular Exxtravaganza: "Naughiter & Nicer".
To the east, the shadows of clouds lay draped over the foothills. And there, beside Dion's Pizza, three men removed their pants at gunpoint.
Great run ! #LetsGoHEAT !
niaaaaaa i miss you, do you miss me?
Just thinking about a lot
Yes Friday the 13th is always a Fetish theme. There is one in July :)
would you like me to post a blog about your question? Or want a private answer?
So, I guess it's Friday and not Thursday, lol!! My #FF's will have to be brief. :) ...I'm gonna just tell y'all who we love! Ready?
That shower I just took
On my way to Fairmont for Allstate!
SportsCenter is turning into cheesy daytime TV. This DJ Steve Porter bit is making my brain hurt.
Just woke up from a nap, feel all good ha. Can't wait to see my girlfriend at lunch c:
#YoMomma so fat they had to grease the door frame n hold a Twinkie on the other side just 2get er big ass through! Lmao! ^_^
This woman in the mission is asking a hot dog street vendor where she gets her ingredients. Oh, San Francisco. Portland's got nothing on you
Okayy , Rice with curry chicken. And coca-cola !
Bummer, lose in Game 7. But on the plus side, now I don't feel bad about rooting for
Congrats on a great finish!
Why you gtta be so extra??
There's a difference in waking up to a good morning text and just getting one when you're already awake.
Cake boo
Per I am influential on musical theatre, gluten-free, veganism, and the Super Bowl. Literal LOL.
is observing the fallout of Supreme Court 08-205, and wondering if the ultimate price of freedom is death by a thousand paper cuts.
you know you go to a quality school when your most well known chant is about rocks
Let go Ryan Mathews all I need you to do is beat out Vincent Jackson tonight and I am in the playoffs!!!
Great photos from our event at Fondation Ricard in Paris, coming soon!
Yea we was playin bball earlier come tomorrow or Sunday
Captivate your audience with excellence, with a great performance, that makes them want to see you again!
I think I'll put that on a business card or t-shirt: "I'm mostly alright."
I need to find out lol!!! Isn't she only 16?
thanks for the retweet! :-)
props to you for having a cat that would even give a fuck.
Ready to kick off the season with two big concerts.
hah come through next week, ill show you that spot I was telling you about. :p
feel ya man. My truck has been at dealership for 2 weeks w hail damage from hell.
Good morning, iConnect class! Remember we are meeting in the Bonaventure Training Lab this morning (JPII 107) for library orientation.
Here we go!
We're excited to announce Kaady Car Washes & Hanna Car Washes as our latest supporting sponsors for our July 11 golf tournament! Thank you!
Woke up wanting to eat the cat. Lmfao.!!
RT : Obama strikes fear in terrorists. Rick Perry strikes fear in everone else.
Thanks for posting the librarian job announcements too!
RT : Today in 1611 King James Bible first published. Jesus doesn't say shit abt gay marriage in this version of the Bible,either.
Finally get some free time to watch some Marlon Brando movies
bored and tired
RT I wrote recorded engineered mixed and master the entire Young Sinatra: Undeniable tape, FYi
Im never on here
So much to do in #Cincinnati before I move! Places to go & food to eat! What's happening around town this weekend?
Annd I'm calling in...
I proud of you champ
I think Boche needs to be informed that other teams pitchers are eligible to be selected for the game, not just giants
I'm so irritated ugh....
then I guess we're never gonna drink together.
Well I ended up with 3 of my 4 picks in the Final Four. Only Mich. St. let me down. Should be a good couple of games
Getting drunk lately is like the Incredible Hulk tv show mostly due to the fact that I wake up in jean shorts and without a shirt
increased security on this morning due to the "anniversary" of osama bin laden's death.
": This thing where I go and get donuts every night at midnight is just a phase right? PS, I'm FINE."
oh..well its gonna be plenty days like that..u been nausea yet..craving
Keeping my eyes peeled to spot more of the all-stars of e-learning here at #LSCon. Rock stars spotted so far
Hillcrest is very, very quiet this morning. Zombie apocalypse quiet. It might be a good morning to go out for brunch.
Just bought ebook "A Better Atonement". The only thing I plan on purchasing on Good Friday.
lookin forward to industry night tonight after the American Reunion premiere! Roll through! Hit me up for G list!
host says Escobar confused and was not suppose to bunt. Toast was playing for two.
its funny how you watch random covers of shitty songs on and the people covering it make it sound really good
Approaching 160 lbs and feeling pretty damn good about it.
I believe it is possible to achieve the very successful results of Dr. Zamboni without surgery.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning im the only white kid in my heat.
Planning a Wine Tasting Tour along the Monticello Wine Trail …
is having considerably less fun tonight then he did yesterday.
Interesting. RT Impressive play and win by the . We better be ready tomorrow! Good night everyone!
how are the next cities chosen? like, points
: Sorry about that earlier! Great interview by the way. Enjoyed it!
you guys deserve way more than that!
Good Morning All.....Be You, Be Productive ...
So we had fifth row and this nice security guard, we don't know his name, but we called him George, he gave us all second row tickets
SHIT I MESSED UP MY COUNTING NOW IM AT 1001shit o well made it past 1K now time to start working
I'm a Cubs fan. Why did I possibly think ANYTHING would come easy? First game of the season and I already wanna vomit.
damn why you up early ha
May this summer bring you many more happy memories ! Thanks for watching The Country Network & Happy Watching.
where was you at old head??! IMT was poppin bottles lol
Big ups to for organizing another beautiful morning of hoops at the Collie. It's an honor to be part of such a proud tradition.
why wouldn't he, youngest coach to win super bowl and dresses up for TV....
My book isn't arriving for a while. I guess I'll wait. :)
Was that an earthquake?
Aint That Something, I Still Aint Ate No Food.
It's been exactly 2 months since I've seen asw. ♥
do you have location and time for the hbase meetup on june 9th? could not find it from the forums
I'm jealous! Have a great time at #curatecamp !
haha ya think?
Five hours of class then it's weekend time!!!
Excellent. Have you integrated Skype at all?
So bored!:(
Someone DM me im effin bored HELP ME ESCAPE MY BOREDOM!!!!
8 days til the Dallas Home&Garden Market!Tickets&Exhibitor .com!A few booths left contact- !
Beware. Using Coozy or Kozy or a derivative may result in a lawsuit. It's a brand with a litigious trend.
Social media would add an exciting layer to Jeffco's employee wellness efforts though.
Let me hav some it so I can use it 2 SHOOT my Movie with it.
Starting to grow some functions into Silicon Valley and Seattle, including in San Diego on the West Coast.
i really need to stop watching sad movies
It gets better, trust me I know everyone always says that but I am divorced & thought id die at first. Now im the best ever
Appreciate you spreading the word! Thanks!
you're not high, slut.
only in DC for one more month! Sweet Sunny California, I miss you mi amor!
Ah. I just moved, but I'm registered where I used to vote. Can I re-register on election day?
I really dont like tuna lol
Had to ask my kids what that was. Couldn't figure it out.
RT : Go for a person who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk to keep you, because that’s true love....
I want pretty green eyes 😞
but your legs are going to be so friggin' hot!
these guys are amazing a new brand getting started great cause profits go to kids with dissabilities
I want some bojangles...
Michigan State
Working on my Brooklyn accent for 'Daughters' and I'm suddenly bombarded with all things Brooklyn....Artistic synchronicity at its best!
I'm on Niteflirt, call me now!!! I have a few new listings, one is pre-recorded. cash milking, giantess roleplay, and more!
I feel your pain. RT : I hate people who run on days when I'm drinking
Where's it at?
So does anyone think it crazy to get up and go to the gym at 530am before work?
It is time to put away those winter scarfs. We have new light weight fashion scarfs from international laundry!
Dear IE: Why do you suck so much? Two machines running the same exact version if ie7 render differently? really?????
You have to let go before anything will change.
example of a wrong moment for my ass to jiggle is in front of old perverted guys. I just feel so uncomfortable. 😒
IF YOU MISS THE ROCKAWAY 2NITE U CAN ALWAYS CATCH RODGER STELLAS SOLO COSMIC PANTS BELLOW THE KNEES AT BROADWAY JUNCTION SUBWAY STOP 6AM
my last tweet was so awkward. i'm starting to think i'm weird. oh wait i'm already am, have you seen my twitter name?! mwahahah
Come on Steelers!
fuck fake friends and bitches i only trust music
Thank you! Can you connect with me on Linkedin? and/or email me? Love to get a play out to you!
RT Gas prices are dropping again. Average price for a gallon of gas in CA is $3.87, down about a nickel in the last 2 weeks.
My team good we don't really need a mascot
I love your attitude.
dislike you LOL
and he's still cutting baseline a good bit. Same with Bass. He'll shoot regardless of if he's making them or not.
sdklfjaklsdfkjeio you're like 20 minutes away from me :O If only I was going to Disney today :P
Madness I tell u!! Madness!!
There will be brighter days , its just really stormy praying for a better tmw !
It's stupid how people "hate" glee cuz they cover songs and they don't even know what the show is actually about... Biggest smh ever!
ah i have elmo band-aids :D
“: "The life will fade away...no matter how hard I grind..but today ain't the day...so I'm just gonna live my life"
Cue DeShawn Wynn to Packers rumors... RT : Saints signed safety Matt Giordano and waived running back DeShawn Wynn.
Jake Hanna was one of the most amazingly exquisite and swinging drummers who ever lived-and,a wonderful cat!So honored to have known him
*cleveland loss
AMG THE MOVEMENT...WITH THE KING OF THE STREETZ TYSO DA GREAT!
Good afternoon, Ben!
Nope, but that's a good one. Check my blog, I throw up some interesting quotes I find too: www.kayzar.com
thank u my love it means a lot to me that u r so nice :) my dear i'm sorry but i have to go now :( i'll be back soon+
haha it was one of those days where dressing up just made me feel better ;) you know how it Is! Thanks!
Thanks. I'm worried about her.
I would love to, but i have a friends bday party at the same time. I will try to make it before the end though!
indeed chad! Thoughts and prayers always!
Obama at Martha's Table
And I hope the sun shines, and it's a beautiful day, and something reminds you, You wish you had stayed.
maybe this will help! :D RT I sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito. Now he’ll never have any friends
Sacramento Buddhist Church taking any donations. fundraiser from 5-9 Saturday the 19th.
You ain't lying! It was supposed to be Packers/Giants...it's ON!
Needs to make a trip to NYC. It's for Baby Blue's sake.
so, what we need are young voters/politicians with that long-term perspective for the future to get engaged!
naw man they say they got rack but can get clothes levi jackets are onli cool if there old school not rite of a new store
You are the music in ME...(8)
same shit we gotta collab on something
Just look up (at the sky)
Yes! Legally I've no idea if BC's right, but I'd like to think we serve the same function as journalists in these situations.
I love my treadmill.
Good Morning <3 everybody have an amazing mothers day :D
:) lmfao. Come over ?
join my street team
Black folks like to socialize - what about a bicycle-related social club?
I probably shouldn't be trusted to make up the rules haha
With an epic, traffic-dodging sprint I make the bus an instant before it pulls away. 200 more of these will work off a bite of meatball.
they did!
Hi there miss. You should come to my show on Wednesday. (:
Happy Halloween!!!!!! =D
Fun Franchise Tax Board stat: As of November 5, 2011 there were 15,413,517 current year personal income tax returns filed
we're listening to your literacy narrative at the L'ville Celebration of teaching/learning.
Anyone know of any Home Movie Day events in the Boston area?
do you forget there is a huge world out there that is begging for you to get out and see it
Work is rushing at me from all sides! What a lovely place to be!
Yay, this is a first: laying out a business card for a professional wrestler!
Sounds fun!
#BOYFRIENDReview REAL MUSIC.everyone loves it
same here haha :p
My son gave me a pack of Stride for #MothersDay, but then 30 minutes later he came up & asked me "Mom, u got any gum?" :-| lol
I just didn't want to sound crazy that's why i didn't say nothing i thought i was doing good.
If you're a guy.. You should never use the word 'amazeballz'...
You are part of the problem. No one But Romney 2012
I need to get my field day contacts sent in; maybe tomorrow.
i hate when this happens. omg.
New favorite bar in Hollywood: Frolic. It smells like my grandparents' attic, and I'm pretty sure it's where dreams go to die.
There is no way we are NOT going to see Hobo with a Shotgun at Sundance, c'mon - seriously have to see it!
Watching this game makes me feel bad for making fun of chess. Or the Pygmy Olympic basketball team. Is OSU the #1 team?
If you work just for money, you'll never make it.
Special thanks to for filming live at all of our events! Make sure to follow them!
This is simply ridiculous. I would question who would pay such a fee ever or fly on an airline dumb enough to charge it.
I just want ice cream
Nice pic with "The Ax Man",
Im doing great missy! thanks for asking! what u up too?
aha u funny...u must have a new cell?
Also, just burnt myself making grilled cheese. Must be out of practice.
On my way to school
feels like a relentless onslaught of signs this morning.
Intro to salsa class at 8:15pm tonight at Madrigall. 1627 Oak KCMO no partner required. Stay for the salsa night immediately following!
Heh, I'm sure they'll take "Speculative Fiction."
Taylor Gang or never be able to eat cinnamon toast crunch for the rest of your life.
ramen noodles in the morning make my tummy very happy
Not this time around, soon though!
I hold a lie that keeps the sty on my eye swollen.
#GossipGirl #RedWine and #GSPM #Homework.... and not necessarily in that order.
Home from surgery! COME SEE ME!
Just had my first gel manicure. will it survive a gig with Jeff Hamilton?
You are talented. Everything and anything you do is wonderful and beautiful. You brighten a room just by being there.
Large inventory for hotel bathrooms, Public areas, and more..please contact us for your next project.
Really hope these SEC gifts come in soon. Could really use those new Bose headphones.
no really, a thank u sir.. xo loves!!
- don't tease.
The harder you fight to hold on to specific assumptions, the more likely there's gold in letting go of them. -- John Seely Brown
there's this thing called cover. See how bronson uses that mailbox?
Groupon: brings in unqualified leads and have really low retention rates. Don't do it out of desperation!
Great Line
Ordered a chicken spinach alfredo pizza from Papa Johns over an hour ago. I'm still waiting for it therefore I'm still hungry! Grr!!
I could buy out brooks brothers if only I had the money
yeah deff...that's why you have to find me one on twitter
Thank you darling! Please tell my dear that I said Happy Mother's day 2 her!
Better dreaming bout pissing on yoself n actually do it. Rt": i had a dream i brought some chicken. how ghetto"
hey I'm doing good how r u n the husband
SO blooming excited for you to come back home to us :)
It may or may not be Friday Fun Day at C2 with bloody marys and mimosas. Just sayin'. :)
taking photos of some projects today, i hope it will turn out nice in spite of grey skies! new earrings and cards mostly
you going to the game today?
you guys should do a contest/giveaway to a concert for !
what is your favourite line/lyrics of any of their songs?
Congrats on being an oh so smart & intellectual college graduate!! :) so proud of you! love you!
There is a guy with a bad hairpiece and back brace limping around the plaza by my office with a #scottycameron putter as a cane
Different cartridges contain different amounts of ink, which in turn produces a different number of printed pages
Some good albums for cheap RT
Hollie is killing Bleeding Love. Finally.
Get off my dick.
Your friendship is almost as fake as your smile.
Karluk Manor, housing for #homeless chronic inebriates, set to open.
looking forward to much ado.... such a huge Joss fan!!
yeah Walrus guy's the best in the biz.
#Javier #Vazquez talks get 'hot' with
Great weekend rockin' with Kick Back Tomorrow and Rushmore and others in AC!! Now time to continue booking show for tour(s) in March!!
#Bulls magic number is 1!
QUOTE TWITTER AT YOUR LUNCH TODAY AND RECEIVE A FREE GLASS OF HOUSE RED WITH YOUR STEAK!!!!
And we are all very grateful for you and your magnificent cock!
ohemgee -- I just sputtered coffee all over my desk. Loved this!
I love my liiiiifeeeee!!!!! About to start loving it that much more in only a couple short months
My dad just comes up to me and goes, "dude, guess what I got your mom. What dad? Golf Clubs"
No school and idk why. Just had too many things on my mind. Don't know what to do about him.
WILL DO
AWESOME! More expensive for the taxpayer! With the state budget so flush, we should combat global warming!
pulled pork sandwiches, cucumber and onion salad out on the deck, come on over
what the hell is this?
That happened at a game i was at in Buffalo a few years back. lol.
See? They gots you, G!
Remember that scene in the little mermaid where Ariel finally got legs but then was thrown off a horse and became a vegetable?
Thank you San Francisco for showing us the love this weekend. It has been an amazing run!
Goodbye lovely Toronto! Must go back to the tropics now.... Hope to return in the summer :)
All about REM today.
#AmITheOnlyOneThat talks to myself then talks to myself anout talking to myself ...
I think all my co workers got anger problems
Well looks like Indiana is going to have the help of the refs in this one.
I know, I can't stop reading it.
Date night with my hubby last night, and we spent it Christmas shopping for our daughter! Had a lot of fun though :-)
Please make sure to follow our fab new intern ! Supporting the next generation of PR Divas!
. re continuous disruption: punctuated equilibrium a better model? stability needed to use & discover what works?
Thinking through the relationship between satire and violence, symbolic or objective, especially as it relates to "character assassination."
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday.... free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag!!!!!!! See you tonight!!
oh good. Whew.
Day Two of Rehab Facility Journal « Pinnacle Writing
the ROI of social media is that your biz will still exist in 5 years, via
faces on t-shirts. I do that.
Yoga time! Gotta beat this heat
im gone ppl hit up my line if yu got it if not fuk off :-)
HA! When horror movies get boring....Get a beday!
i called it! im a quarter irish but im so hard core niallater i did my research essay on the potato famine ;p
tell to throw a grito...i know hes still wearing ramon ayalas taco hat!!!
Let's explore the bedroom floor, over and over and over.
TU for the RT. Have a great weekend.
Line for Cars 2 is really long at Alamo drafthouse. Hope it's as good as Cars!
boy how big is yo?
My head is spinning! Busy, busy day :)
I forget alot of things but why cant i forget the haunting tune"I miss you like the deserts miss therain". DAMN YOU EVERYTHING BUT THE GIRL!
The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference
“: Nothing on Netflix :(” Family guy!
Good Evening new friends. Thank you for following me:
chicago dryvit contractors, chicago eifs contractors, chicago stucco contractors
Lmaoooooooo malik just called me a bitch.
thanks for the follow, looking forward to Friday!
Who's got candy at #b2bexpo ? @ me!!
no. Highered and sports are two of the most influential institutions in American culture. Should be studied.
When boys keep their promises to you. ♥
running the Trinity River today
Do you feel you're paying too much for your electricity at home?
TWolves and Jazz agree to trade Al Jefferson for 2 first round picks...#prediction Jefferson's numbers go up playing with #Top3 PG D Will
I'm young and in love.
I'll DM it to you, don't want any stalkers :o
OhMyGod.....iTold u her boyfriend is a millionaire..she'll buy us da tickets
. Thanks for sharing our great event/fundraising news!
Want to make an appointment for our $10 Shampoo & Set special? Call us 901-794-0553
Son debated me saying the Heat have 2 superstars that's why they will win. The Pacers go nine deep and have experience.
If I had the drunken anger of Mel Gibson, I'd start a hardcore band.
Now hanging out at Starbucks until it is time for the
Today several children wished me a happy mother's day. I said, "Thank you, but I have cats." One responded, "That counts!"
she told me movies yesterday ugh complicated mother not even google helped me lmao😜
Al sharpton just preached
Humid tweet
Hell ya baby urban FN Meyer welcome to OSU
#Cincinnati folks: I'm looking for an interesting restaurant near 71 and Ridge Rd. Any suggestions? Gonna be in #Cincy next week.
Why didn't Newt Gingrich and Bush 41 offer their support for Paterno in November
McDonald's new Meal: The McSheen Burger. When u order it they always ask "Do u want Coke with that?" bah ba bahp baa ba !winning!
Wow my car battery died
Hope your birthday is fun & exciting:) much love here in the Bay Area. have fun!
Rehearsal tweets should be starting soon for #dareproject 19!
you are correct sir! Luther Vandross is the greatest ever! Better than Marvin Gaye.
Can't wait!
Raaa!!!! All my jeans fit too big! I'm irritated with sagging pants!
Yeah Joe especially your video for the #roastbrogan was great!
*~Dmnz who party was it doe ~*
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland and the exit sign reads: DISNEYLAND LEFT. They started crying and headed home
We're glad to have you with us Brian!! We'll let Michelle know about your super nice tweet. Happy Friday :)
Stop calling it the iPad 3...It's called "the New iPad"....What a nifty idea...
the meek shall inherit the earth. probably because the strong are off conquering the rest of the solar system and don't want earth anymore.
I need a senior
Happy fish day !
kinda hungry where my food ? Hahaha(:
On this date in local #history: established its law department in 1887, in response to requests from attorneys in Buffalo.
I'm a CHAMPION! The need for a partner is not of any further importance. Success is all I desire!
tornados are over...back to normal, spring is here
Abram: we run the risk of becoming more insular; librarians must communicate more about what works, what to promote, etc.
is so excited and proud to be a 2010 Inc. 5000 honoree for the 2nd year in a row!
Gold worth more than diamonds? RT : Gold is one of the only things on earth that has true value. Worth more than diamonds
Welcome aboard to the fantastic group of singers who joined us via spring auditions! There's a wonderful season ahead ...
Dunno why it took me so long, but I'm now completely sold on the less css extension.
HALLOWEEN SUCKED BALLS THIS YEAR.
I should've given him my number!!! -.-
Starting to listen to was the best decision I've made this week. So good!
sounds like that could be a new taco!
im slackin on checkin my DM's! getting on it though sorry for the late replies....
An appetite for self-improvement is more embarrassing than overeating - The Guardian (blog)
Getting ready to present our retention project for
Sad saying goodbye to my old place one last time. If these walls could talk! Lots of great memories!
That was unreal. He was NBA material to start the year... now he's almost untouchable.
#PickupLinesThatDontWork hey I noticed you're wearing pants... cool...
That explains the parade of cuteness on my street RT It is History Fun Day in Hillsborough! Look out for 100 first graders!
In the Tennis Zone's Andy Zodin discussing the historic 10 hour+, 59-59 5th set tennis match at Wimbledon! Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Pray for our pastor on his way to Ecuador to prepare 4 future mission trips & flying back to speak Sunday!
parents watching the girl next door?
#psp11 academics approach a new book and feel successful if they can decide they DON'T have to read it.
"Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring." - St. Catherine of Siena
Cubs & Cards despise each other..He's a Rangers fan by default right now.
there's another one! :)
Life is better on the beach
Not safe on the sidewalks or the roads apparently.
OLLU Softball - Won 5-0 over Texas Southern University
Never settle for less, MADESTAR PIMP!!!!
I will be there, already bought my tickets!! (:
Reds win, take their talents to South Beach for series with Marlins.
My new radio show on will be called: THE REAL MATT DUGAN. It will debut May 1st, 2012 at 9pm est.
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.
none at all..
I think I'm starting to learn how I shouldn't care about things and just let it go
I'll pass
Add repentance! RT : The power of Prayer, Praise, Worship, Function is more effective than any counseling session
Spent all day negotiating the entertainment value for Midwest fashion week...
I'll never forget the nights we spent, the kisses we gave. But what I'll keep more in my memories are the lies that you said.
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
I thought #unionrags did not have the best trip. I still like him in the
if we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. <EM>(tulips = two lips)</EM>
maybe white?
RT/ Your music sounds amazing!!
Listening to relient k and taking a stroll down memory lane. Love sundays
this guy does. :)
You know what I may have to go and say I think "Argentina" is going to win this years World cup.
“: The kid who told Michelle Obama he wanted to be a secret service agent because "They get a lot of hookers." Lil Johnny!
Had a nice 2hour walk now its time to relax after I drink this pepsi lol I kno
Well I love you all to death<3
two bloops and a blast?
"What's Gucci my Nigga, what's louie my killer, what's drugs my dealer!!" -Niggas in Paris Jay Z Kanye West That Shit cray!! Lmao
*shrugs* I'll probably get there on my own... I feel like ima be hoed.
This is going to be a hot summer.
What do clouds want to be when they grow up? -Thunderstorms
OK, need to get ready to feed almost 200 int'l students and Americans. Will be slicing lots of watermelon this afternoon ...
Yes it is taken care of and I have received my product. Thank You! Great service
**dims lights. Grabs lotion. Leans back in chair. Watches #Pacers Highlights ALL.NIGHT.
We got some military jeeps rollin deep on 95 ??
OR come in at END OF DAY and then go have a drink with all of us.
Hey can anyone recommend a great ereader for PDF's? Screenplays in particular. #Kindle and #Nook don't cut it.
Oh. Now I feel like an idiot.
I intend to tweet entirely about sex today. You've been warned.
How do you get rid of unwanted pubic hair? Go to the dentist.
Um. Can you teach me how to do that? RT Should writing my dissertation proposal be this enjoyable?
Just learned that my roommate has been out of shampoo and body wash for almost two weeks. I'm raising a 19 year old.
debating who?
so sweet!
3000 euros in us dollars add it up
We're meeting Mia and Holly a for dinner and we can hit McMenamins from there.
I love that peanut butter sales have gone up 10 % since the start of the recession. Wonder what the data is on sweatpants
lolol she raises her hand like 40 gazillion times
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.Henry Ward Beecher
Scared money don't make no money, if i ever go broke imma take yo money
Nonprofit orgs r typically resource constrained so it can b easy 4 emerging leaders 2 step up & be seen as a leader.
Ok, well it's definitely something I'll keep in mind. I'd approach Chris about it. I was just feeling like he had a lot of people.
ablitiy to smell wealthy people
Look like he's going for 40 tonight.RT : Kobe is about to Mamba somebody tonight
Pissy ass bitch.
Must see TV:
Playing under water
literally she's so funny!
oh no! where will you be?
46 hours away...
Do let your followers & visitors to Seattle know about our great weekend Brunches. Look forward to your visit.
One stereotype mocking another. Welcome to the Metro.
Thanks for mentioning the book! The small but passionate crew here at Aquila Polonica Publishing is pretty proud of it!
I am in love with #IfYouLoveMe it's stuck in my head 6:03 Am thanks 2
ppl annoy me like hop off my dick ima big girl i know what im doing let me do me -.-
Lmao my brother just took my dads car!! He told him he was going to wash it and never came back LOL
Had a gr8 wedding last night, awesome food and great people. Congrats to Mike and Alexis
Beat my all time record swam 1.5 miles 106 laps (53 round trips) in Jr. Olympic pool I am a precision, endurance swimmer. working hard at it
BRUNCH: Grill from Ipanema's SAT & SUN 3 Course Brazilian Brunch w/ Champagne or Bloody Mary - all for $18.95 frm 12PM-4PM...
Welcome to the Trojan Family #USCgrads2012! See you at the Coliseum
I had hearts of romaine, artichoke hearts, Roma tomato, red wine vinaigrette, and olives. Crumbled aged gouda on top. Yum!
Think positive. You'll be just fine!
Dream chasers...
#NamesForMyChildren American artist Charles Willson Peale named all his kids after artists: Rembrandt, Titian, Sophonisba, Rubens, etc.
Just finished recapping WWE's 21-show overseas tour that begins tonight in Ireland. All prospective talents take a good look.
At least y'all acknowledge that your crazy, the women who deny their psycho ways are the ones I stay away from. They'll kill you bro
i want to make soemthing fun we should make it together. i cant bring it with me anyway lol bc i m goign to be in a packed car
I kind of love whoever posts for Always makin' me laugh.
Missing him early this morning SMH..
Glad u will be doing something that u will enjoy. Hoping this summer isn't 2 hot, but I don't think I should get my hopes up
Thanks for everything and ! All my love!
that's awesome we will have to go for sure! Never been to haze yet
right back at you and your dad-happy and healthy and all incredible things for us all in 2012!!!
You're welcome! Sconnies stick together. :)
The line question suffers from "who decides?" Ultimately the author, followed by the reader, eh?
Topic of conversation at the bog. Lady boners.
Show up and let yourself be seen. - Brené Brown
those smells always bring back memories for me too. Like when I visit my mom and walk through her barn and tack room :)
Thanks for the add everyone ur the best
Being a complete degenerate and day boozing at Murphy's
I texted you back!
it's rough
I lied so u would be friends with me
if he is, I want nothing to do with him
#GameChangeBaltimore : "I can see Russia from my house!" "Damn!"
still beaming at yesterdays win at Stamford Bridge :) Yet again our sheer determination and a bit of class did the trick :D!
about to record the voice part of my final exam for spanish class
call me
Argh!! Tasty and Sons has a wait time of 1hr 15mins to 1.5hrs!! Dammit!! So hungry and I really want a chocolate potato doughnut!
The dust in Chimoio is really intense; but it sure makes for some beautiful sunsets.
Paid Young in da house.
Sure - go ahead and post the pic! Thanks for the feedback. :)
why wasn't iinvolved in this tweet?
Today in 1987, Kylie Minogue's "The Loco-motion" is declared the best selling Australia single of the 80s.
Pretty cool to see the legacy continue.
Oh, I just remembered I don't have school on October 6th. Yes! Haha
Yup, that's it. Show what hypocrites are.
": #ImTheTypeOfGirlfriendThat will make your dinner, give you head, roll your blunts." wow #$hes a winner!! lol
Drink the pain away hope to see another day
I love JoNo for wanting to be out there but, no. Take care of that ankle!
#visionconf and excited to be here in Madison! We are going to do some conserving for the future brainstorming!
I really need a mfer to send on my blunt runs... Lbvs.
Haha. True. There's always this summer. Bourdain had a lot more places on his show than the standard two.
my legs just gave out
yeah everyone thinks I'm like 14 or 15
I've got one more final between me and an amazing summer, and it's going down!
Want a fun #Ziptrip w/in 180 mi.? Follow & for local events in the nation’s capital & the city of brotherly love.
Just went on a following spree :) Still need two more followers to reach 1,000!
People! FOLLOW @ youknowbt !! RT and mention him! He FOLLOWS back!
I'd forgotten that place existed until you dragged it kicking and screaming back to my consciousness.Yep, there it is.
you coming over?
"I believed in myself. I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player." - Imran Khan.
:) Let us know when and where then and if we are free all 3 of us will be there! Just be gentle on me! :)
I spy my friend walking to her car. Hi, friend!
RT : Beastie Boy Mike D.'s art festival closes with huge turnout; includes Adam 'MCA' Yauch fans
We'll miss yours ! We are reading our way through a HUGE stack of the personal essays and there is a lot of heart on those pages.
Yeah..school is not an option tomorrow. Sleep all day.
