And follow the !
stop tweeting about me, im blushing
4 day span and only 8 hours of sleep. things don't look as sharp as they did a few days ago.
Now these refs kno their bosses are watchin! If #Kentucky comes out with an L, they should never ref again EVER!!
How much do polar bears weight? Enough to break the ice
2. Just wanna be with you
So much rain in Miami. Can't wait to cover up:)
RT : Refs must blow whistle every 30 seconds or they are forced to participate in the Hunger Games
Come to the study abroad fair tomorrow at the union green and you can enter to win $250, $500, or $1,000 airfare vouchers!
4 more followers until I hit 200
LOL . . . occupy wall streeters crack me up
we will be doing more soon!!!
Bitches that wanna get embarrassed in front of their friends 2nite put their twitter on private
Sarah Palin cohosting Tuesday? No thanks. I'm switching over to GMA to watch Katie Couric, a true host.
When #Occupy + #Tea Party lays down their #culture war arms, and joins forces for a March on Washington, I WILL BE THERE.
I just wanted one more sausage biscuit before I cut out fast food after the New Year and McD's messed it up. Gr.
What does romney have that isso impressive? Make up? Arrogant weak fake smile? Lines of BS=how smart he is? Magic tablets? Idiot media help?
hahahh truthfully what was your most recent awkward moment?
Raining this a.m. but 100 volunteers are focused on a different kind of water: The White River.I'll show you the clean up at 9 on !
already done :)
what were you discussing? :)RT : Woah - you sound really interesting. Was talking about social travel...
Hey I caant wait for u new album!!I'm sure I'm gan love it.and u r the best life mado and u know it.and I know all of u song!!
Just finished up some more extra credit, now I think I will start chapter 11.
“: -- I picked the freakin' huskies to win the game 38-28. Go back and check”--you called it. 10 pt win...
good stuff!
Would rather have those two first
A.D.H.D -Kendrik Lamar ...my fav chill song make me high off life. G night #TeamCorahn <3
Where the F was the blitz today?
Just hit a wall
Everything results in someone leaving
yep! is there an easy way to pull this into reports?
went for a run when i got home today since I skipped gym. yeah.
Come on Manning you know you want to sign with Denver!!
I voted for B magic... It was close but I think he edged it. Please don't sleep on roc.
ANSWERE THEY FOUND THAT BITCH NOT GUILTY BUT GUILTY ON 4 COUNTS OF MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS TO THE POLICE WHICH CARRIE 4 YEARS
Man, sure love 5-Hour Energy's "sweaty tube sock" flavor.
Fish and chips are damned good and the bangers were... banging so nice to have real brit food in dc!
I can't believe Adele didn't win anything at the People's Choice Awards! The people have bad taste in music. :-(
Okay, back to #SportingKC tweets! Anyone got predictions for tomorrow?
Tell me i'm the shit, i'm like duh,
i think im movin at the end oif summer i dont wanna get my equipment n move then just give it back ...
LA traffic is in rare form today. If you have a choice stay off the freeways.
That's a great idea. Then those of us with later flights can easily meet you if you're already out:-)
what genre for the beat
Thankful to be beating rush hour traffic into NY
yeah, cute li'l owl was only sheltering from the March snow. Twas the humans who stuck it w/ "bad omen" label.
I bought my ex a chair but the state won't let me plug it in........
Got good news at work! :)
It's almost 2:00 am & my stomach hurts & my back hurts & I can't sleep. This sucks. First: make oatmeal for tummy. Then stretch out the back
Thanks for the follow :)
yes! when is that on!?
I feel like I should just skype you from the #clipshow so you can be there live to witness excellence
Hard work makes things happen anything is possible with hard work.
More than a dozen uniformed #NYPD at the 125th St. station in Harlem. Anyone know what's goin on?
Arcane Framework will be joining us at the Asylum on Oct. 22. You won't want to miss these guys!
Looking forward to meeting John McDonough Pres of the Blackhawks tonight. Heard a lot of great things about him and his sucess.
It's not awesome to dis cool, nor is it cool to awe at dis. I hope you're cool with that? You are? Awesome. We're cool.
so is it the thickness that's got you forgiving me?
thanks for bein fair oskins. at least someone is!
GL: created as orgnzng tool. Project of Asian America prod'd collective ID. no single phenotype. unity that did not require uniformity
Ig designing turned me into #Insomniac,oh well ig i'll draw until I can't draw anymore.....or until I can finally sleep
Let's see, this should be an interesting nite!
Naples Boat Parade tonight! Who's going? is in it riding (our sponsor)! Come see if our floating banner sinks!
Bill Gates: "it's crazy how little we're funding energy innovation"
lol yea exactly what i wanted u to do ol hot dog neck ass
Use aim to contact me, My AIM is " " . I'll give you a special discounted print rate.
Love #DBC2012 blog awards lacquer chair inspired by Nikki Minaj video. Can't wait to see it!
All-Star Game for HFA is a bad idea, but overall record not good idea either. Different schedules; not comparing apples/apples
it's a great night at Milan! Lots of Little Black Dresses in the house.... we're here all night so come on out and see us!
she's a crazy lady she told my dad to hit me -_- I was like really mom youre telling a father who hasnt been around for 10 years..
thanks beautiful
Just tried to call in to win tickets on and was caller 2, 3, 8, 13, and 18.. That's a first..
they hologrammed him into coachella. He performed and interacted with the crowd. Heard it was amazing.
Practice was super fun. The kids are all so excited and shy and inexperienced. Really cute. Forgot how much I love coaching.
Oh Sweet Abby Hi
Taking off acrylic nails < 😢
What the shit? MT : It shows protesters, then it fries an egg over them? And says Tom Barrett will take your guns!
I hope you boys like your present:)
Oh yes, I have been there. :-)
Go 2 radio school .com click Arlington location and yours truly will b on the air from 5-6 y'all support ya boy
Oh Shelly, all that caretaking Ive been doing, its over, I will now have to find a life outside of hospice care
Back in the Land
it s a marvin sapp song
We could never rival Philly's goodness but we're happy to remind you of home.
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse .
No doubt... that's the power of entrepreneurs.
Yeah…probably not a "for twitter" conversation. It's nothing earth-shattering, I promise. Personal reasons, sorry.
Were higher than a motherf*ckerr (;
On 9/1, will be giving a wine tour of Spain right here in your backyard! Come to Parish for a sampling of Spanish vino for $25!
RT : Change your life by retraining your mental muscles. think of the best thing that could happen and ASSUME that it will.
So happy for 's Oscar win!! She was the highlight of the film for me!
I hate texting people first, I feel annoying, awkward, and unwanted.
Around the world people use Facebook to protest their gov't
finding people you didn't know had a twitter
HAPPY MONDAY WARRIORS!!!
OMG I cant believe I just saw in person !!!!!!!!! Ur friend is really nice ! Hope u remember me I had a black and white headban
I was sure they were going to lose, but i guess I was wrong. AMAZING performances
who me?
i hope they do its the only device i dont have.
Whalers with Black and White Years tonight at Bar 96 (across from Lustre Pearl on Rainey Street). Whalers at 9, Black+White Years at 10:30
Come on, there's gotta be someone else in the Twitterverse who also thinks Dr Pepper is gross!!!
is listening to the jonas brothers!!!!
check out LiveCirrus. Mobile+cloud=cool :) we were in too
working right now.. Text me
Night Twitter :)
This autopsy in anatomy seriously is the coolest thing I have ever watched >>>>>
dittoRT : It's been fun riding with you on#TourDeThursdays. Thanks for all you do for #Indy and
General Motors is expected to raise more than $18 billion in an initial public offering this week
LOL Meta World Peace with the clothesline!
Roy Waley up now. arguing for affordability and its positive impact on sprawl
lol it probably is juice with his faking self
Which upsets do you like? I'm taking Bejo, Pina, Potter in Makeup, Drive, Hugo in Vis FX. Wouldn't be shocked to see M Williams.
The problem WITH us MEN is WE don't THINK when WE do SHIT! But a FEMALE PLAN there SHIT weeks HEAD n ALREADY call THERE friend UP 4 back UP!
Need 1 Members stand ticket for May 5. Anyone?? Bueller??
Yikes - customer service is still the most important form of marketing
It will be on 's youtube channel!! lol me, or Kristel is making the video! -Kristel
History makes us some amends for the shortness of life.
#Pacers or #Heat?
I've been looking for someone like you
« Can we stop calling Romney a flip-flopper, cut right to the chase, and just call him the liar that he is? I mean, really?...»
Sunday Sept. 26th, 2010, I was in South Miami Dade County attending the antique auto show at the beautiful and historic Cauley Square.
>MLM Update! younique( New Company Listing )
wait what dhjdhdk
Ha! Love you Newberg!
We may never know what's waiting for us beyond that bridge if we don't cross it at all.
Last #Friday #real #estate #word unscramble topography- 2day's WORD:oehm tencsroip HINT: evaluate. "life is sum of all ur choices" fav quote
don't be tardy is my new addiction. You keep me guessing girl 'what's kim gonna do next' lol
This is America, Its spelled THEATER, not THEATRE. There is a reason you're spell check underlines it in red, BECAUSE ITS NOT CORRECT!
I need to find out where King Kenny & the owners are meeting so I can stand outside asking them to keep KK
First day of my Senior year today. Yikes!! I'm really excited yet nervous. Hahaha wooot!
aren't you so proud of him!?(,: is getting so big and his dreams are coming true<3
Thanks for the love Icepack! Call on us whenever you need a little help too.
Working can be a challenge when one cat is meowing/hitting me in the back of the head and the other is laying on my laptop.
nigga it don't
Aww, that's great!
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh he's cool. RT : I like how when harvey eats gold fish he playes wit the fichys first then eats them XD
The interview with CG is downright depressing. I expected more articulate responses, especially when addressing ... (1/2)
- Wow those pizza prints are the worst idea since razorblades on a fan
you lost this argument and will lose the fight :)
Thank you for the RT
life can be only what you make it ...
Happy holidays. See you today!
my cousins boyfriend is so nice o.o
an he missed a dunk.
Who is druner than me right now?
Thanks for the win
I wish I knew why I even said hello to you...
Oh you betcha
Some text or tweet me im so dang bored
neither did I JC, neither did I. ;-) It's Tuesday, have a great one!!
Wish i was going out to celebrate!! But happy birthday to anyways!! you better be alive to drink with me tomaro!!
that's how I am, but now I wanna go back and it's hard >.<
too close.
Only in dc would the state of the union be playing in a dive bar.
Dropping a new video tonight #followme for updates!!
and im grannysitting this week... making sure my babygirl is ok... we had ham for lunch.. now she's sleeping lol
Feeling wonderful. Just dandy. Peachy.
I can buy mine Friday and idk. said eventbrite but I don't see where on the website
#IAlwaysWonderIf I left something behind when I travel
I'm surrounded by horrible people I hate
#042712 mikey fusco or jason smith!!
Good luck to in the NLL Playoffs this weekend!
wanna see who your real friends are ? fuck up & see who's still around .
because I was on time with my payments this week
Thank you to Mark Teixeira for giving a shout-out today! We are happy to be a part of his charitable cause! =)
Ok, everyone. Which part of the letters PTO mean WFH? They're 3 different letters. Bo.
First Tweet:)
no I'm off this whole weekend
my timeline is never safe with Malik's ole creepin ass... hahahaha
At the Occupy the Courts protest looking for guest speakers for when my students debate #citizensunited and corporate personhood
did ok but had good birding students to tell me when I was full of it. Next time if you're around? May 26. I am the eye.
Bullpen should be able to hold a 4 run lead even in Coors Field.
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz
I love hearing speak her mind without the cue cards ♥ the Fox interviews are perfection!
only the ratchets, girl...only the ratchets.
Thx for the follow. It will be interesting to see how good the Huskers are this year, young and in a new league. Hoping 4 the best
No crap. Hell, I showed up to the regional Emmys when I knew I was LOSING! These stars are lazy.
You don't want to know.
Every time I explore another corner of the globe, I'm reminded not to sweat the small stuff. The little things don't matter much.
Are you guys doing the Juggernaut Index this season? If not I'm stealing that ish for the shit haha
At least one of my teams knows how to win #packers #cubs, maybe I should become a # brewers fan
oh, I'm sorry... you gave me a choice of 20 to respond to :)
Staring out my window watching the hail come down. Sigh.
what should i vote for ? :D
Today Is My Birthday Plz follow me and my 2 friends & and I will give u a follow back :)
I hate when that happens!
Downloaded a free copy of the #LegendofKorra pilot off of iTunes. Can't wait for the rest of the season.
As I was walkin' by saw you standing there with a smile.
I guess if you follow a hundred of writers...i guess pretty high?
i got it from downstairs!
oh I'm sorry to hear that :(, I pray for you and your family
man I've seen some fat people but Jenna takes the cake...literally
Would like to have show like REstaurant Impossible where he turns around crummy bakeries - we have one in town
how close to the bucket is your dog now?
"Can’t have a better training or medical staff than we have. It’s a huge comp adv for us. Those guys proved again how good they were.”
The feeling is buy mutual!
tweet submit process?
Proud of our leader - Esther representing the public humanities at the Modern Language Association Convention in in Seattle, WA, Jan. 5.
Only has dreams about people texting her pictures of food
katelynnnnn it won't let me follow you :// follow me!!
Woohoo!!! What a game!!!
truly exhausted.
Today is a beautiful day in NEW YORK ^.^ everybody should be out today , God bless && be safe <3.
Bucks tomorrow! Think you'll pull out a win, Jennings? I don't think so boyfriend, get out of town! Hehehe
-_- My Computer Is So Fukkin Fast When EveryBody OFF Twitter
have a good trip! you'll have so much fun! MAKE SURE YOU TAKE PICTURES!! #imissyou <3
I already did! Lol!
is it bad to make pancakes at 2 in the am? um with nutella on top?
I didn't even know Chris Crocker was trying to be a singer, and I was fine with that. Thanks again, Internet.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think. Benjamin Disraeli
styles for less.;D
One wrong on my central Asia midterm. Still an A but weighted as a 95, darn it. Stupid Tajik civil war in '92 not '94
when are you gonna step back in and beat some ass like in the old days
Beautiful day in Portland!!
#Breaking: Four Corners Elementary & Houck Middle School in Salem are locked down. Police searching for man who fled from traffic stop.
Im so proud of you!
And I really can't properly express in words what a gorgeous night it is. Upper 60s, cloudless sky as dusk falls. Inspiring stuff.
im not being sarcastic :)
On this date 21 years ago Manhattan Transfer wins a grammy for "Birdland". Congrats!
Plz i dont wanna talk to u.....Stop seeking attention.....freak
semi jealous
Daily commuters on #metra fuss w/ folding & reading newspapers. Layout columns are extinct, eye tracker test would prove this!
He plays for the wrong team (;
...life-threatening injury.
This big text in Biology is hard to carry; it is so heavy. But it is adequately detailed. It is making me want to learn Organic Chemistry!
one downloaded yrs ago from Kresley Cole's website. I put in total words & a date & it gives me daily goals
south asian fiction spans three continents, hi roller world of teches in Southern California,juxtopose raw and blind emotion of landlords
#ThingsIWantTheMost to be with him, or to have a life.
glad to see you are getting your nantucket nectar fix for the week.
EXACTLY! “: hey you can NEVER go wrong with bacon. EVER.”
45k morons RT : follow me people
I just really like you...that's all...I really wish you would understand that..
it feels like i am being demoted...i need to quit asap
Everyone in Wiscy was hoping Brewster would interview Bielema. Ask him about his decision to go for two.
Why am I losing followers. I should be gaining them, after all it is #FF!
Don't let the referee beat you! #come on Wales !
I am hungry for chick fil a... Ordering 5 chicken sandwiches
I love college football.
Thx for joining us in 1 of our most beloved Xmas traditions! RT: WE-OR employees joyfully sorting 2000 gifts
Calling #musicians ! We want YOU. Please retweet & reply with contact info.
At the State of the Net conference today... online piracy and privacy the first topics this morning.
Happy New Year's! What did everyone resolve to do?
I'm a little behind on "National Hug an Anchor Day"! Sending Big HUGS to
Getting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
boom box just arrived Looks pretty rad dudes!If u r coming 2 the next #smbsd don't forget 2 bring a bus.card.we r raffling it off
#Celtics with the fast and furious start....only to have Philly come back. BOS up by 2, less than 5 min. left in the 1st.
Way to get it done and ! Can't wait to get these group runs started with all #DNation runners in #milwaukee !
Dressed for snowmaggedon. Not 70 and beautiful. Pays to check weather before hopping on a plane.
I 'staWow seriously just got grounded from seeing a girl untill I 'straighten up'
Rofl...Mommie Dearest is on tv on Mother's Day.
Millar is/was likable. Lackey has been a universal dickhead. It matters.
Me!!!!!! Have any Milkduds handy?
this is perfect weather for yeti-s!!!!
Kay (: thanks !
When others let up ~ that's when you need to pour it on. Go Do.
seriously guys I can't stress how funny this show is... its on NBC!
don't come back this way without tellin me! *rolls eyes*
I LOVE that place! So jealous!!
Getting ready to watch the Grammys...
Q: On April 25, #Occupy will be protesting that student debt will supersede credit cards. Will #Galtung and other retired profs come teach?
Twitter has "lists", G+ has "circles", Pinterest has "boards"... get where they're going with this? Get organized on #SM!
yeah! I dont remember half of them! And some texts i sent are crazy! Hhaha the dentist assistant took pics of me with my phone!!!!
Heard #SXSW was fun for political geeks - & spoke, + many PdF'ers! Any good pics to share from the wknd?
It's #raining in LA! What is happening to the world!?
Thank you Ariana! I love you you're so nice! (:
see Eric Lott's _Love and Theft: Blackface Minstrelsy and the American Working Class_. Excellent, thorough research.
not much kid... Chillin
"To infinity and beyond!"
Her twitter is :) RT : what's her twitter!?! Haha I love her!!
Life without music is food without flavor
I was joking, of course.
You are what I see ... and yu are what U be ... I don't judge ..
oh wait! Ur talking about that Allen guy? Thought u were talking about Taylor Hicks
Thanks for the follow, Mesa is getting Hot!
Slept the whole day and I still don't feel well 😞👎
My friend is reading CJ right now and keeps laughing. :-)
At ORD. Cold cold cold
ok good :)
Sushi, box seats at The Predators game and writing with Bobby Hamerick and James Slater. Not bad for a Thursday night.
..."we need more people who live as if they are in covenant with Unconditional Love, which is our best definition of God." Robin R. Meyers
. - so thrilled to be in this first scholarship group, can't wait to meet everyone, winners and ONA folks, in the fall!
yo momma know you got a black baby daddy?!?! lmao.
Yes, plumbing is a challenge; leaks are the worst...very frustrating.
R.I.P Amy Winehouse..
On my way to at L'Espalier!
Lucky man...drive safely and get some sunshine for me!
was wondering do you see my posts at all or do you have to follow me?
People nowadays take pictures, not for memories, but to post them on Facebook and get likes.
so what kinda fish u got there a bass?
#3WordsOfAdvice Expect the unexpected.
oh why do you not catch that???? lucky for us!!
Relevant to my class today. RT : When we don’t deal with things, they end up dealing with us.
Rainy day in LA
#RHOA #Marlo just hit below the belt with the comment....
Finalized my deal on my bike today. Have to wait two weeks for the title
Did u go on #taglit #birthright? Interested in a birthright 2.0 experience? Check out the www.shalomdc.org/alumnimission - Apply now!
In a perfect world, all of those things will happen today.
Never too old to get that ass beat
Kindle vs. iBooks? I'm choosing Amazon's software product over Apple's because THE APPLE VERSION IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THE MAC.
is amazed at how little arm twisting it took to get my sister to come to Brazil with me...
I can always count on to always b up with me
Busy, busy, busy! So happy to have back in the office :D
absolutely! You should come to the / library boing boing meetup!
Indeed, that's equivalent to the 308 I let go
EVERYONE FOLLOW
nice weekend in Indy today?
would YOU give me a dollar for somethin?
Thanks for the follow, Cameron! I'd love to connect you with - focusing on grassroots entrepreneurship.
Today is a great day. Picked up my goodies for #EDCNY , waked an baked a beautiful L with my boys. ☀
"BeadforLife is blessed with people who bring a smile to the face of the vulnerable, hope to a struggling mother and ease suffering."
Just got some WAY SUPER AWESOME news regarding a sculpture I'm including in my school project!!!
what restaurant was it that you wanted to order from?
Thanks. Just what I needed to know! Will be ordering a set soon...
Word - if you child says this is what he/she wants to study in school... Cryptozoology (n). The study of hidden animals.
yours is rite around the way to
“: wow no more Sarkozy. what are he and Carla gonna do?!” whoa what!
Just finished watching Contagion. Great buildup, disappointing execution. :(
So it's me and this other girl in here for the interview I'm super nervous now
I really hate when I can hear you chewing in my ear....and smell your food! Ick!!
Finishing up my on-air shift - then getting my shop on!
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain, you lose something.
Now that's an idea!
I can't wait to be a mommy
that is such a beautiful ring man! Congrats!!
UPCOMING SHOWS: JUNE 29 IN GROTON CONNECTICUT...opening 4 LMFAO(super hype bout this):)))
I JUST NOW remembered that I wanted to buy a yoga mat on my way home...4 hours ago. *sighs and eats ice cream*
Long time no tweets! How are y'all?
transformers of course
Battery ain't dead yet. That's good.
Lots of avian wildlife in the Newark airport.
Yea about that comeback ain't happening #ThunderUp #lakerssuck #KOBE sucks
hunger games better be good
Chilling Bored Af
Although #Tigers are again tied w/ Orioles for most games giving up 10+ runs (15), O's easily ahead in giving up 13+ runs.
Idk what to say anymore.
i love it ! It worked just fine for me ( :
¡Flaca o Flaquinguegere! I love it!
I love you guys
apparently the multivitamins i bought have horny goat weed in them. This will be good.
Annual Ethiopian Soccer tournament at RFK Stadium July 1st- July 7th @ RFK Stadium. Grammy Award winning artists performing on July 4th.
Someone come see me
Thank God the Euro's and the Olympics is on this summer. It will make the summer easier to get thru, ready 4 next seasons football
over qualified bruh
Amazing amount of things that can get done if I ignore twitter and texts! Unfortunately, that didn't happen today...
I couldn't make it myself, but tx for sharing the good #12ntc word
lmao Drunk at this hour
Thank you:D
Can't wait.
if you want haha
Hella bored filling out applications .
On the road again! Kicking off my fall book talk tour at the Decatur book festival in Atlanta today. www.atthedarkendoftestreet.com
RT Forrest will be tweeting the day of the fight from his computer/phone. Be sure to watch UFC 101 and show your support!
I'm gonna start selling cookies and cream hersheys chocolate skittles and starburst ;)
The three questions you should ask in a job interview so you hear "You're hired". reports. 11pm next
It's all about the consistency
. Huzzah, indeed for and our panel of speakers on DRM and e-piracy. Warning: important discussion ahead (on 3/29)!
There is a lot of beauty in design that is simple, yet useful. Outcome comes first. All else is only added value.
did do something wrong?
Made it through 4 days without coffee. Headache's subsiding.
Well at least #Bama is better at kicking tonight. Ill take 4 for 6 over 2 for 6. Still pretty pathetic.
Thanks for the note Chris.Sadly, don't think I am going to be able to make it, but will definitely let you know if plans change
I highly recommend Cross Street Kabob House. Everything was GREAT... and most things had a little kick to them. Salad dressing was YUM too.
“The hard part is to ﬁgure out the fewest possible features that could possibly accomplish your company’s goals.”Eric Ries
Whats a good drink to drink tonight? Any suggestions?
We need any available Web Designers/ Developers for support with our website!!! DM or email RT
So i'm totally thinking about uploading a video to Facebook of me dancing to Call Me Maybe :D
The American Spirits Warehouse in Philadelphia is one of the largest Custom Bonded warehouses in the US dedicated to alcohol beverages.
Man sitting at banks r boring :(
Hi, can you help me do a shoutout?
it's me. Why do you ask?
#BlackParentQuotes Imma show that teacher who a problem child is!
Take a hit... Open your mind
When Someone Points There Finger In Your Face THATS WHEN SHIT GET REAL
Lol! Must b the thin air up there, hubby! I like climbing my tree though ;-) Hasn't even been 24 yet! Awh! Miss ya more, DaDa!
#scms12 however, we are now forever mapping: mapping seems to be part of the network logic of late capitalism
please tell me your online so i can chat you. like pronto!!! :O
Anybody else notice that Time Machine actually seems to work on Apple OS X Lion?
RT: Have learned a great deal about both content strategy and frogs today. #confab12 | So true. So true.
please follow me. u are the reason why im auditioning for this show that coming up!!! i lip sync ur songs and everything!!!
w/ PTSD I was told not to talk about "it" there would be reprcutions but talk about similar topics if memory issues come up relax
Congressional Briefing: D-5! Reserve your spot today by emailing ! Don't miss out on this opportunity!
when I worked in the hospital we always kept a jar at our desk !
My heart say let go but my body dnt want to let go
The Salons and Barbershops, especially in the USA, will be beautifying women and men ensuring all tresses are picture perfect.
Why do so many people go to the movies on Christmas Eve!?
Tweet pics of you & the girls !! Heard it's an awesome salon from my friend!!
To quote Richard Bach, "I'll quote the truth where I find it, thank you."
speaking about weight issues
any solo stuff coming out soon!? Your solo tour in 2008 in Madison, WI w friends and freaking rocked!!
Hi Kelsey. I had a great Bible Study class. Now I'm going to bed-- I have to get up at 5 AM to go to work. MMUUAAHH
sleep well, gotta ball hard tomorrow.
ightt will do, jesse who
And if Dems bring up The Mormon card, it'll be "War on Mormons" the childish behavior is pathetic!
How did I get here turned around and there you were~<3
lol glad you enjoyed it
Good Morning!!! As the days go by, regardless of what happens, know that EVERYTHING happens for a reason....work thru it n keep your head up
yo let me be ur assistant. We act just alike and look alike
Girl, is the same 1 that was almost took pain meds w/a Nyquil chaser one night before I read her tweet & stopped her
Lmfaooo @ metta war! Lol ": Is Metta World War behaving this time? :-p"
#TEAMJUMP SJ ALPHA IS THE PERFECT WAY TO READ MANGA FAST ACCESS
“: Oh watch out Fancy pants!!!!” hahaha you know it
Almost 300 followers! Come on people, follow our jam-alicious tweets!
For mobile devices, I think over time we'll start seeing more apps that are shells containing HTML5 content
Sounds like a great story. I lived in Jamacia with a man who crewed on a Norw cr ship. Lots of hanky panky there.
good! Booze gotta love booze
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~ Oscar Wilde
RT If Luongo goes to Toronto, we can look forward to hearing Don Cherry mispronounce his name every Saturday night for years!
You need to get up get out and do something! its gonna be an 80 degree day in the MILE HIGH CITY!
I expect a review of 140 characters or fewer after a week. Deal?
thanks for the suggestion! i luv italian food and a good brunello.
This is my 84th tweet I have 84 followers and I follow 357 people can any one please follow me and reach to 100
Alena, you make me smile. Never, ever change.
Elsevier shows off how they use structured data to create Smart Content.
Okay bye.
Saw you perform at Northeastern University last October. Loved your show-will always remember the video that played FOREVER!
so , thats the point of twitter :P
#WikiLeaks and Government Transparency: “Secrets, we’ve got dreams/Mysteries and crazy schemes”
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need an attorney, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
nicest jump ever
To change the world, start with one step. However small, the first step is hardest of all. - Dave Matthews Band
it's hard out there for us teens lol
awesome! Look forward to seeing you.
Surrounding myself with the walkers only.
they certainly havent made it an easy go there for him
Sure. Well, I'm here if you have any more questions.
howdy just figuring Out my tweeter...keep In touch i miss your texts!
Looking for movies on netflix.
its just a TOOTH PICK.... its not like a TREE LOG.....lol
Gents keep eye contact when out on a date. Not creepy "hungry eyes m&m commercial" eye contact but stay engaged with your eyes. It works.
I need a hard fuck
Shoutout to for ditching on our beach trip ;)
please dont raise the gas tax.
honestly don't think my week could get any worse.. i can't believe this
Next two weeks are full build out new cloud enviroment, new data center suite, Cisco UCS & Nexus and
Facebook... too cluttered?
I think he's just trying to 1-up Axl.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new page now
#Earth2 is worth it just to watch the Noxzema Girl go bad.
You must care enough to tweet about it lololol
Thanks for having us out at the What a beautiful campus!
any drink specials tonight?
If your mind is not clouded by unnecessary things, this is the best season of your life -- Wu-Men
So sad to hear that Whitney Houston died today. What a powerful voice she had way back when. Sad, sad.
Off mah dick.
There were big crickets in the motel bathroom this morning. Yuk!
Something #SportingKC has seemed to miss lately is Myers feeding the ball into the box. Where did that go?
Cohen moves into Part I of his talk, titled "Petrol Telepathy"
you should feel awesome...I mean u can't tell a lie ;)
It's nice to see that the president I elected finally showed up at the White House
Just found out that tubing in VA & WV requires that you wear a life preserver. WTF? That's what the tube is for!!!
. yes, cos have started standing up to consumer bullies and they should, no one person/group controls prod/brand
On vacation, so I shouldn't be tweeting :)
Thanks for all the requests on Sunday nights! "Colorblind" made it to #11 on 102.9 the Buzz Year End Review of the top 40 Buzz Bands!!
why are you at the hospital?
Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal wrong-way crash on Bishop Ford
Note to self: no more Garfield the cat RT : Love this :) MT : surround yourself with people who love Monday mornings.
Thanks for the #FF!
This lady really gets on my nerves she really does!
how long have you been going outt?
I want too!!! I'll need help finding tickets. Saints game right?
I cant believe my girl left me!!
The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that my new shoes are waiting for me at the apartment!
It's simple as that for your simple ass.
I love it! "A geek who had a dream." Do you mind if I use that in some talks in the future?
Just found a strawberry dutch in my car...
RUGER got hella big !! but he still the same ol blue nose !
thanks for coming over to sign my daughter's hat today at camp!
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing" G.B.Shaw Why do we fear mistakes?
lln you have swag.
This baker loves a recipe that starts with, "1 cup of your favorite stout" Fuel Cafe Coffee Stout it is!
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is SO annoying with its pool party bass that can be heard from a mile away.
Absolutely. Barrier/ Perceived barrier is a big issue in some other #arts too - say, ballet, classical music etc.
nvm baby, go to sleep. I'll pray for you<3
Stop with the spam...next time someone sends me that stuff ur getting cussed out!...sorry but..yaa
Niggas is the new bitches these days smh
Happy Thanksgiving from the Gable PR team! We are thankful for the wonderful clients we get to work with everyday!
Basketball Bucks looked like they started celebrating the new year b4 tip off. Sloppy play. Rematch in the bus will be the bucks > 10 pts
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. – Aldous Huxley
Giving up meat for Lent? Choice Eating's meatless menu helps ensure you get the nutrition you need and the flavor you crave.
haha I didn't play sorry but I still love ya!
Seen some of my senior friends....yayyyyyy lol
finger crossed for more sunshine
I'll have a large monster please. LOL!
Thx for the mention! Looking forward to the role :)
Why should women wish to be or to do or to write like men? Is not the feminine genius the most angel-like? (1857)
hahaha! Juxx watch me.....Imma be kissing the 5 collectable cards. *smooch, smooch, smooch* :P
you send that track?
I just keep running into u lol
#quotes I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution.
Ok Albuquerque, What is the best place for tacos?
Jeremiah 22:3 "This is what the Lord says: Do what is just and right...Do no wrong or vioence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow..."
we were supposed to close tonight. we're not. not just yet. that's pretty great.
Congratulations on the appointment of as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
i can fix you some pizza and wings for you
#RecordStoreDay totally slipped up on me...i have no money now
“: “: Mosquitos are more attracted to people who have recently drank beer.” sucks for me :(
deadline for is next week! Please send videos of any of your experiences in #DC to be exhibited
Tami now u feel bad bitch?....wat if that was sumone treatin ur daughter the same exact way?? Lost alot of respect for yo Ass!!
I think I told him that too. LOLOLOL
I don’t judge him for what he is but what he refuses to become
My mistake, I did say they should have said it's common. They should have said there were instances. And they should admit they >
Lol. Did you get it?
I can't get over how many of these guys have tried to trash FSU's record WHILE crying "Poor Bobby" simultaneously. Ultimate irony.
I love when people tweet Eminem lyrics....especially when they don't like him nearly as much as I do.
I LOVE #MortalInstruments . You like fantasy? You like romance? You like werewolves, ninjas and magic? You will love Mortal Instruments too.
Charles Darwin was a bad ass
Killin me right now!!!
Good Luck on your half :-) Feeling good is a great sign.
catching up, and I think trying to get away from me at the same time, oi!
let me know how they turn out when you finally get the molds
that's what they want you to do. Don't fall pray to their media whoring.
Oh no - out of milk. This is unacceptable, for I can not have my Weetabix without milk
Without to see the film Don 2 I know very well that a successful Just because you put the wonderful touches in the movie!sleep well
Dear Dave Matthews: rest assured, the guy in the GBH tee at Greenlake does not want your autograph.
Lol if you saw that.... You would call me a bitch and know I don't give a fuck!
if you have the spare cash I would recommend it, it's in an alternate universe so it won't spoil anything, homages here and there
thank u:)
yes get your ass here soon
I'm planning on it if my equipment cooperates
What is your favorite type of guy or girl?
Man who takes woman camping has one in-tent
I can't seem to make a clean version of an "oh, no! they'll see you coming" joke...
Take time out to say "Thank You!" It goes a long ways :)
Its a brand new day! #yawn..stretch..smile :) •jS
Jumped in the car to go to lunch and caught on the radio! Love that girl!
3 of 4 counties in NC House Dist 10 have been canvassed, NC Rep LaRoque (R) down by 58 votes now (was 54 votes), recount coming
Enjoyed 's company tonite. Love u
Thanks for following us! Hope you love good #jazz, #soul, and #house music, it's our life too!
My Favorites Were The Ones W/The Pictures...She Makes It To Easy For Me
He wants to do it... but the Weinsteins don't want him.
Go see Babes in Arms! My professional taste has determined it to be absolutely fabulous. :) [facebook]
I think somebody hacked my twitter account...I didn't post my last post...how does that happen?
Consider this is me giving you props for it :)
YOU act like a fictional character and YOU obsess over obsessive twilight fans... J.K. Rowling is now embarrassed.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com to see how they handle the chaos! You're not alone!! :)
#twitterstorians I can't B SOLE historian using Alain Touraine as theoretical scaffodling $ social movement history Find me more please?
Oh jus tell em to bugger off..
Spectacular weekend camping at Sherondo Lake in the Shenandoah National Forest this weekend. Photos to follow...
"#Realist Prediction: The world will not fundamentally change!"
Morning! This would be a great day to hit up Agua Verde for nachos and a kayaking trip.
Hi Fred. Can I please send u a spec script I wrote of Parks and Rec? I have been told it is incredible! Thanks a lot!
I love you!
not no more ...
OK, phew. I was worried for a second. I like The Rake's Song, and that's the only one I've heard. Gave up DLing for Lent.
was god yo'?
especially to one person.
I don't know why I even attempt to sing to Adele in my car. Not to mention I have bronchitis...
The website is real, this twitter account, not so much.
Your so dusty
no one will ever understand how much it hurts.
nope Demonic is everywhere well we represent dungeons for now unitl twitter and the haunt world get up to date
We love the way music brings people together.
There's more milk than cereal in my bowl...
whyy u gotta egg pick haaha
Im your best friend right!! :D
Still waiting on the follow request from , so as far as I'm concerned, she's dead to me.
Ah bacon!!! And it's Tuesday!
Haha well the commercial scared me ctfu..
Arsenio!!!! Whoop whoop whoop!!!
I want Believe Tour Dates! And for you to follow me one day....
Fast fabric! Bamboo is the fastest growing woody plant on the planet. With some species growing more than 2 inches an hour.
Got my alarm set for 8:57 so I won't miss it!
HAHAHA nice? friendly? Yes. Sweet...?? I prefer sassy. And it's a good thing.
You bugging, cut them checks. You A BOSS.
MEETING NOW! Room 8011 DePaul Center :)
i need more sleep. 💤
I guess nobody cares...okay
it's gonna be 80 today in DC, while you're at your afternoon mtg..ahem golfing ..Think about our steak frites, secret sauce and cherry pie!
as always, we love having you over. In addition to the 1/2 off wines on tues, is there anything else you'd like us to try?
Faithful to the one I love I put nothin above we don't like takin showers so we get it in the tub
It's time for another #socialmonday tonight ! Don't miss it, 10pm for dinner, and don't forget to RSVP !
TY for mentions
you. are. absolutely. GORGEOUS girl! I idolize you.
me and Suzanne tried it. I understand how to do it.. Just need a test dummy to try it out
he's gonna tweet at you be careful
chap 7 going to 8, u?
Lebron ol'g look like Chilli for a minute!!
;) tell Jordan i said hi for me ;D
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
"sometimes I fee like somebody's watching me"
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO DESTROY OUR ECONOMY?
But we would miss you...
great game tonight and I hearing #Thunder players thanking God in victory and also in defeat.
Does it bother anyone else that the 2nd most popular quote on Good Reads is "written by" Apple Inc. ???
anything I can help explain?
Quality poker products up to 75% off!! Looking for new chip set, poker table, playing cards, a new card guard? Go to www.eproducts4less.biz
sometimes i wish i wasn't smart
m that ones tough ;)
naif = naive, but in the sense of "new comer" (I say) They're talking about putting a football team together of UK music.
NOPE. Eli Manning is way better than Peyton. And now he's taken over TEBOW's job?
Welcome another new member to our team! ! She will be an amazing addition to our already RAWkin' team. Welcome aboard Mballa!
Who has a guess about how social networks might evolve as email evolved away from Prodigy's and AOL's proprietary platforms?
How might this impact silver prices, if at all?
Love you too roomie!
that's good. How was your day? Congrats on your graduation.👍😄
DEFINITELY a privilege not a rt!
Actually checked out the hashtag for #timewarnercable and it's unbelievable the amount of negative feedback. I'm switching to
I just wanna jump in a crowd of bad bitches...
how to tie a tie android app. swear to god.
Glow Draw is the one I use.
#ConfessionHour I LOVE ALL RUSHERS!!
People - they can make your life easy or difficult. Why does it seem like there are more difficult ones than easy ones?
Love the #colts no matter what. I'll be rockin my blue and white tomorrow along with my attire.
I'm so glad you have a twitter!!:)
I just saw something I could never unsee, I'm not sure if thats a good or bad thing though
It snowing out again need to move somewhere warm
Lol he told me
Sorting through some pictures of Cadillacs I took at car shows.
I miss my honey R. But its kool
and double points for LL, still lickin those lips
Got my coffee. Ready for my #uppers. Good morning.
Well 1-1 so far today's picks NY 20 ATL 17 and thick PIT going to win but I love Tebow so DEN 17 PIT 10 whats your picks.
Good plan!
Of course! Happiest Tuesday :) #Cheers!
Brolley, couldn't find your handle. Chef Geoffsnnext Wed at 5, you down?
#ADPoncampus at Chico State this week! Happy Halloween everyone...
oh you fancy huh?! :D
lol no you gotta draw mines hahaha
Its like whoa.
You bitch an I can see it in ya eyes
Squaremouth Spotlights Travel Insurance Provider Travelex Insurance Services - PR Web (press release)
Perhaps beach on Sat have a lovelyevening and good night sweet dreams
Thanks! I've been through 3x but am super excited to have it delivered to my DM and key leadership team.
It's so interesting to participate in a marketing conference on social TV and see how marketers market to each other :-)
that's dope man!
what u been doin?
Thanks for the follow
I kno I'm sore I would really love to have a massage lol...
mr winter called my mom -___- and said that he asked me why I wasn't working and I said cause I don't feel like it. He's a liar!
"Confessions…" script finished - off to shoot it! :)
US SC rules (Justice Ginsburg delivers opinion) in the much awaited Skilling v. US case dealing with jury impartiality and 18 U.S.C. § 1346.
4 facts. 4. You know how to read.
i get what i want cause i ask for it, not because i'm really that deserving of it.
Recently back from Costa Rica try our Costa Rica Coffee gelato- muy bueno!
Even the champagne bottles they spray at #NASCAR events looks like its bought from Sams Club
is done for this school semester...looking forward to a 6-week break before the next (and hopefully final) semester begins!
#fsu is straight trash
You go Rick Sanchez (CNN) on your scowling of Fox News... Anyone who associates themselves with Fox News should not be called a journalist.
Ha. That's good. You should send them to a really weird incarnation built just for them.
Wearing shorts because it's finally 60 degrees..
I miss my fishy. MY MOM JUST HAD TO DROP HIM DOWN THE DRAIN.
I probably shouldn't just be laying here in bed when I have work to do... oh well catching up on sleep cuz I won't get any
Smh I'm in Vegas . But I'll be leaving soon .
That video is great! Thank you!
We are proud to be part of your training routine!
I love me some
I see! How cool! I can't wait to see what's going on in the community.
Lolololol I don't know, I saw it on Pinterest.
I am PISSED I'll be out of town when is in Cinci. PISSED, I tell you. P I S S E D
Early work meetings...a wonderful way to start a Wednesday.
i would say .
thanks guys!
He replied "What's Shabooms?" bo.
gabbi, I need you're opinion on something!
why were we not following eachother?
If you're still up in one hour, then y
Aren't the Coyotes owned by the NHL? Isn't that kind of a conflict of influence as far as the officiating is concerned? Just saying'.
did my bag make it?
Cool. The movie In Time makes no sense.
THANK YOU SPEAKERS at Monday's event! Everyone did such an amazing job thanks for being apart of the launch of SWAG!
so are tpu in Houston now?
My kids were surprised to see the moon tonight. It's been a while!
At home chillin
stop. Right now.
thanx..it's been corrected. #sportingkc will be covered weekly along with the #MLS..feel free to criticize our takes -lil Bob.
Seems like I'm making a deal with the devil... Who's wishpering softly to me... Are you sure that he's the one???.
Excited and nervous! My first
...take that appearance based stereotypes! :P
Upon recieving the news of a dead relative, sent this: 🎩 💀<-----grandpa dick 👕 I've never lol'd harder.
Youngest daughter currently playing ring around the rosie in the living room… by herself.
hey thanks for the follow! one of our members (billy) loves science. throw some of that passion our way and "like"us on fb!
": Dear God : Today I wokn up .. I am healthy .. I am alive .. " THANK YOU ".. Your love will never go unnoticed ." Deff
sleepy night in DC me thinks. If I were u I would check Song 1 on the Hirschorn. Hit me up if u are out post 11pm.
Don't act. Just feel. Stay honest.
So my instructors says I look like I'm vietnamese, japanese and peru...how idk.... smh
"sorry im not like you (said in a girl voice) oh hi im judy kegley i go to school with jumpers on" -chris hahahaha
The two things that make me feel so alive: Acting and working out. I'm lucky to have
Wishing & a very Happy Diwali! May the new year bring our entire team must more success and pride as an artist!
You coming to Phx for the Western Conference Finals if and when?
Gotta wake up early, so its time for bed doe.
wow your grandparents were stunning :)
Writing w/ Trevor Thornton this morning!
Asians are always late. Haven't you learned that lesson??
Hate havin to shower cause you dont wanna get up. Even though you know ya stink.
WHAT?! Jonny's bringing "greek yogurt"...
Mitt Romney and his corporate capitalist freemrkt Ideologues think they have a chance...The truth about them and you exists ...and we know
Need something fun to do with the kiddos this weekend? We've got great family fun exhibits at the Balloon Museum! Kids get in for only $1!
Hi go hi go... Off to my second job I go...
Hey now. It's not so bad.
Even Joe is watching this game! RT : Time for the TRUTH
Configuring a blog on bar etiquette…what are y’all bar-peeves?
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. ~Will Rogers
Love getting stuff done
You certainly mean "Boy, oh, boy"
Ready to get this over with!
Tonight, was the greatest night of my life, for many different reasons.
In the studio today creating baby making music! Go Birds of prey! - Eric
That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER! LOLLOL
Did u get my twts earlier about da oda Modeling Agency in Downton LA?
You are not one in a hundred, or one in a thousand, not even one in a million. You are one, unique and that’s it :)
Who or what is your biggest inspiration? -PT
Someone entertain me, or get me some gas.
« Bored» damn already
In Battleship >>>
I wish i could just roll up right na and take dat stress away
I SAW YOUR VIDEO ON YOUTUBE U WAS GOING OFF!!LMFAO UR SO FUNNY&DM ME BAKK IF U HAVENT BUT YEAH ITS 2 FUNNY
Happy Birthday !
RT : Oh, you're overweight? Please, tell me more about the new diet you're starting next Monday.
Fun Fact: 2 Seasons since 1992 that didn't include either the Packers or the Eagles in the playoffs (1999, 2005). via jsonline
Oh you know I will! Just looking for an opportunity....
How do you feel about "gonna?"
I have never felt soo strong
Can't wait for #AmericasCup. We will be catering this event. #Extravagant food items galore!
Unforgettable...gotta leave a lasting impression to make em cum back 4 more!!
maybe you never fall out of love in the first place
They aren't though, that's the thing.
Video editing is almost as fun as hanging out with captain Hemsworth
You need to be the official DCB food photog. John & I could use some serious help!
No I don't imagine it is!
fine. I challenge you to DRAW SOMETHING!!!!!
I once taught a German shepherd to bark in Spanish.
Dude we should post nasty shit, like "I bet you the bitch doesn't even shave her pubes." xD
#Caps GMGM says Beagle broke his foot, had to have surgery
#educomm technology has allowed us to provide a better education, but not cheaper, Brian rosenberg, pres Macalester college
In line @ target and the woman bought lots of lemons, looks like a master cleanse
Just one example.
76ers are only the fifth 8-seed in history to knock out a first seed.
Agreed Gephi is best at visualizing large graphs, but challenging for new users!
no filming just partying!
I bet you could even let her go see her boyfriend!
Thanks for the RTs, Elyse! We're very excited to have a San Diegan part of the CA Transportation Commission.
c'mon son. You know the drill
any suggestions for food around Comerica?
"I don't really know why all we said is goodbye; I guess I'd rather save my breath. The world is just a timebomb; everyone is dead wrong..."
but u.s. education is becoming more and more test-driven, ranking obssessed, class- based segregating machine
nothing cats do is ever peaceful. That is what you call "laying in wait, preparing to attack"
Can't wait to get my personal watercraft on the Potomac this weekend. Been land locked all winter!
Throw one back for Coach Bruce for me, would ya Don? RT
I spent 1 hour and 20 minutes bicycling. 1,016 calories burned.
Yeah, I'm not sure either. I have a couple of guesses, but it's just speculation.
It is official! I am not formally simplygrapes.
Happy September!!! might as well be January. This year is FLYING by!
Did you get ur text I sent you! As follows:Happy Mother's Day!! Love you bunches!I'm in ATL hopefully I get to see those babies!
Thanks for following the Pancreactic Cancer Action Network - Milwaukee Affiliate
Where is everyone??!!!
happy mother's day to you! I speak for thousands when I say you have been *the* best spiritual mama to us! we love&adore you!
Bases loaded with no one out... we need this win.
Less than 3months and Im getting my new car
the ustream has finally been scheduled. You in? Oh, and she's at Neumos this week, I think
in honor of this great occasion, I shall watch The Princess Bride.
When will you bring your fabulous burgers to Chicago?
Good nacht twitter of germany!
hah! Somehow I missed that tweet yesterday. I will forward your love.
First day back at swim... #Thisshouldbeinteresting ! :)
at the clarion hotel
Just had the worst right hammie cramp in the world..almost cried..thought my hammie was torn lol
Yeah but its true :P haha
Blacksburg it was epic, see you in a few weeks - dc bound. Driving for the next 4 hours, feel free to call me.
hi I don't know you very well but your twits make you look like a very bad person
DD has test to pass in order to get baby chicks. Dog/cats/chicks-everyone behave themselves. No circle of life in first week. I'm squeamish.
If NLT were an Animal, what Animal would it be... and why?
It's supposed to be beautiful today. I'm sure things will be crazy at the cart. See you down there!
Still riding the shit outta this and high!!!
well said hope you have an amazing day.
You didn't cheat did you? :) You got it! DM your address.
RT : Happy Sprecher Day! If you're at #wistatefair stop by for the limited Belgium Dubbel, or just a root beer!
Waking up 3-4 minutes earlier everyday, no matter how sleepy I am. I am a light meter.
Hey Laney! I saw your comment on 's blog post. Let's talk about the skirt! Email me at .
When I turn in my last of the 5 major assignments due in the past 2 weeks on Saturday, I'm going to be relieved - and also batsh*t crazy.
This movie is so sad!!!!
The #Fail robber
please follow me so we can discuss buisness. I tried to respond to your DM.
Just had the Spicy Thai at , so good
RT : "Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice." ~Shakespeare
♀Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor♀
Good morning!!
Happy turkey day to all!:)
He went back after FA started #callitaloss": Like I said, we can't count Soliai, he went back to his original team...
HA! Need to be MUCHO quicker and go farther... but THX :) RT : Good going!
Myspace sucks
M'aider m'aider help me help me!
DC/VA/MDers: care to share any dog daycare recs? My puppy love needs a loving home while I'm at work. Checking out places this weekend.
thanks Brady! I'm coming over sometime to launch some more golf balls over your backyard.
POST YOUR RESUME, VIDEO AND PICTURE SHOWCASE YOUR SKILLS TO HIRING EMPLOYERS JOIN BODYGUARD NATION AND FIND THE RIGHT JOB TODAY!
S/O to all the cool people in my life right now!
Blessed are the cracked For they shall let in the light.
We love you ! Come see us again soon :)
They should have ejection seats specifically designed for assholes who sit next to people when there are tons of other seats."
#iwish he would just be there with out me saying
To work or not to work today - that is the question...
Oh, I am SO there. Vinyl spinnage daily? And caffeine? Yes, please.
Pippin throws the curve ball: prefer to hear 70's folk music. Knew I should have brought my James Taylor
Don't you have an iPhone?
you rock! Awesome session on Moms vs Mgmt today! Fun and inspiring! Hope you enjoyed the margaritas! Lets hang out sometime!
likewise! I'm in the midst of setting up a monthly craft session. If you're interested, I can keep you in the loop.
Chic-fil-a sauce >
:( I'm jelly! I was doing hw... Which I'm still doing :/ and will be all day.
How about we trend "One Direction & Americans" ;) x x x x
It's something. And two months ago, something is more than I expected.
It's about saving the lives of our children, says
I didn't like Terry Francona when he was with the Red Sox, but he's a pretty likable guy as an ESPN analyst
Listening to the new #JackWhite album on iTunes for free. Lovinn it.
what class do you have??
Getting old. Had to get up on the middle of the night to take pain relievers for a sore back.
“Sex is an emotion in motion” - Mae West
RT : Thrilled to have Mark Moran of on #sschat Mon 7pm EST: how educators can create new textless curriculum.
I haven't been there since childhood! Haha
Push mowing your yard then standing in a water sprinkler for 10 minutes>>>
Did i hear that right .. New single out in July ?! Cant forkin wait ! :D
Creativity is the residue of wasted time
And I'm right w/ you on dirty tricks and voter ID laws. Those are wrong!!!!
I love french fries!
Come get dirty with us on October 22nd. Lets dance, and fuck, and sing pop songs at the top of our lungs.
You would think I would have something more important to say in tweet 8,400 but I don't...hopefully tweet 8,401 will be better!
I love playing 'Find Selina and Ross' at ACE shows and then finding out they left w/o saying bye.
did you see the forecastle lineup? Any thoughts about going?
HangOver II scarred me! I walked out a couple times! LOL
yayy you made a twitter((:
The office is divided. Gif with a "juh" or "guh" ???
#3wordsaftersex Where's your friend
Yelling out!! supporters lets get ur followers to follow #realrnb ---> my followers yall know the drill lets go!
Aww, I feel the same about you. So fun yesterday. Pie dates rock!
COLORBLIND supply co. Coming soon everyone be ready, and get some money from whoever...go rob a nigga to buy a COLORBLIND shirt/hoodie
“: is perfect forever”
She is one of our best customer reps! Safe travels!
Looking for a new challenge - Dare Me!
wow twitter isnt working its saying has 0 followers yeah i dont think so lmao
Yes sir
they are adding bricks in the wall rather than tearing the wall down so to speak.
Damn, time to do some last minute cleaning jic.
Happy #FF to all of our sister cities!
No gold stool, no brew, but I am sittin' by the pool like Heavy D in "Mr. Big Stuff", typin this paper on Hip Hop & Respectability Politics.
Happy Memorial Day everybody.
Daddy Mack brought you down home bleus last nite & Deborah Swiney will bring sounds of the speakeasy next Thursday.
The only way the beat the is if elbows , and (again). Outmatched.
Was up. How you been?
When you try your hardest to keep her happy but it just dont work<<<<
So far you have endorsed horrible candidates Rick Santorum and Bill Mccullom. Both frauds and bad for our country.
it is!! There needs to be a Donatos next to campus! It would make everyone so happy.
And if a nigga start acting up I send his a** to time out til he get his act right! He gotta know he f*ckn wit a boss here! 😜
Why, yes, I did mean "deep chunk!" The database is obviously trying to sell us drugs.
your welcome:+)
I luv uRT : Please keep my good friend in ur prayers today!! Love you girl!! You will be back at it in no time!! :)
your stupid ^_^
Tienes que hacer una cancion de Dubstep! Im a producer/writer/artist and have tons of dance/ Dubstep tracks!
met amazing dancers yesterday at #WILD Dance Intensive yesterday!!!best day ever!! met the one and only Mollee Gray and Tokyo!! <33 them:D
Whenever you do find a HCP hesitant of SoMe, Web, patient communities... give me a call. I'll help
I wanna write the soundtrack to your life
Make it so!! RT I'm all for a 3 (or 4) piece FH section for the GB show starting 9/4!!! Also Oboe & 12 strings!
How did I know this would happen?
(: Thanks Zali for the win <3
RT : i would like 2 know if u want 2 see my show & cannot-why? where do u live? do u have access 2 hallmark?pls explain. -lisa
congratulations! keep it up! the hard work is paying off :)
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf36 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Amaz exp for employees at People Serving People. $2,500+ worth of toys and clothes donated/wrapped w/parents at the shelter.
Got BD part 1 Friday and watched it like 7 times since then
I was being serious.
To be fair, sometimes I think Colin just enjoys being contrarian. You love flamers, don't you ?
At CSU San Marcos hearing about curbing teen pregnancy amongst Latinas. More than half of US Latinas have a baby before turning 20.
the pains of being older. someone take her the glasses. get your lazy asses up.
silly goose, :3 I'm not upon pills :3
Tweeting from my phone. I'm so easily entertained. Especially when I should be doing housework.
Feel better! Can't have you out of action.
pooping after shower is so counter productive argh
Thank you very much!
I just wanna go back to sleep! 12 hr shifts are
thanks for the RT
This is bullshit. The winners have obviously already been picked, why am I taking the time to vote?
Sleepin on the couch<… RT : Sleeping alone < ..
That saying you don't know what you got till its gone isn't really true
I thrw my kicks on. And I fly away, wid this music on loud cuz my thoughts tell me go, my visions got me feelin gr8
yeah, i just don't like it when people take over the dialogue,but sometimes there's good feedback
Im gonna name my son Alberto so these Cubans in Miami call him Albetico
More than 10 years ago I thought was too cool for introducing me to Dar Williams. She's still too cool and I lurve her a bunch.
Y is ben still in?? I hope the 49ers break his ankle then maybe he'll learn to just give it up
W.inquisitivetongue.com for Tampa Bay, San Diego best bets. What's yours?
That's adorable! My needles are sparking as I finish up a Knitty I do for my friend's wedding. Yarn: Cascade Sierra Sunshine.
"I do it easy, leave the hard a way to Penny...."
why are you in a full suit!
76k, last level of the day. and German reg added to table.
Hello 11 new followers. (I wonder if my Klout score went up?)
I don't chase hoes, they move too slow for me
HEARTBREAK HIPPIES PROMO CD WILL BE OUT DEC. 22 and cost a baby 2 dollars reserve ur copy today contact CHARACTER @ 317.457.6020 to get one
You watch it when it airs. I have to watch one of the 25,000 reruns. Mad Men takes priority on Sunday nights. How's Juicy?
Lol. Common Mistake "a product you could make in the time it made you to make the powerpoint"
Nothing against Metairie, but it's horsesh*t to make us come out there instead of nola for depositions.
I like the Zooey D ad...don't think it's elitist, do you? She's just so cute!
My condolences on your loss. Lost my mom when I was around your age. Never easy.
Live Bands!!!
Happy Birthday!
Outraged. MT Thank you for turning the page #smh MT Unlike Rosen, who had to adopt kids, Ann raised 5 of her own.
I'm on the way bae,hol on...I'm coming
Todays word of the day is spittiful u look very spittifull!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
What's up, White County? Meth, most likely.
No date announced but they say they're working on it!
congrats Mark! Bittersweet for me because we'll only work together a short time but I think this will be a great move for you.
And congrats to also
Great to see the Knicks show heart but they are just delaying the inevitable
apple pie I make a wonderful apple pie
Bench press is a lot easier when you only go halfway down.
that's very PG for tonight lol..
did rhodes put you up to this?
MAKE ME.
Tech fans 1! Aggies 0! We booed one out of the stadium!
I'm currently being followed by a silent account holder named "Quilty." This feels like the embodiment of a lifelong dream.
your video is up<3
my first 4 $2 bills I got from place an new place I am training at got 5 $2 bills
Nice day to eat outside, just need a margrita now... Lol.
we agree!
who they hell is ryan ?
Loved Kyle williams in 09 against UA when he single handily killed his team. Hate him today when he is playing for 49ers and killed again.
Yeah. But shhh. Don't tell your dad:
I am housecleaning. This is of historical significance.
nigger, stay up late. :p
not sure if its the bourbon but that cracked me up !
Thanks! RT : And good luck to on their first Smithsonian event! It's a shame we overlap & can't go to each others!
could be soon to stop BBN from freaking out. Word is he's close
i hate you for being so pretty. -.-
We can recruit to help us out! Joy will never know what hit her! Lmfao!
Rain. A good thing!
Yeah, I love DC - such a great city. :)
People are rude these daays . -.- lol
Great -.- I'm hungry again .-.
Someone needs to show her ALC rules RT : Did Evelina Halsey Brandt just admit she wants to build amenities on the Garden City...
yo dog I heard you like updates
Just found AKA Squidward`s Alter Ego. If you like laughs, you`ll love this account!
We run LA
Damn, don't tell me you're taking her out to Mickey D's afterwards?? You really know how to treat a girl. *applauds you*
Blog: I agree w defining WHAT we want students to learn; But what TRAITS do they need to be SUCCESSFUL in a global economy?
A man's house is his hassle.
Yes Ma'am
Whoa! Twitter just took on a mind of its own!
“: Want me to throw more food at you?” absolutely.
“: What happened to Emotion?”
Thx for sharing your #getoutandzip trip, Oregon specialty-style! Stay tuned to see if you win.
I know brutal!!!
I love you all<3
Ha. "Ladders" gave me the first big laugh of the night.
Yes I'm up about to go to bed. #BitSleepy Posted on Thursday May 17, 2012 10:21 PM
Sounds like my kind of day. Glad you had fun.
who wants free business cards?
summer life
Melanie Fiona "Wrong Side of A Love Song" #Repeat! <3 </3 /Thinkin' . . .
Watching tonight. So far so good!
O yeah
Pick your battles wisely.
Why don't we create one account and you can do a screencast?
watching Halloween! Super scary!
hey guys - I'm working on this issue right now (it was a bug in my code). Thanks for the email Kerim!! :)
got the picture today!! Thank you so much!!
One more class, then I can go to bed! How is it only Monday?
I only feel good when I'm sleeping or eating.
Here's what vexes me about those bands: I have never met anyone who likes them - ANYONE. What does that say about America?
Got the new Twitter app up and running on my phone. Pretty snazzy. I heart learning new things.
I wanna move to miami ...
Working the poll in Pohick precinct. Vote for Steve Hunt!
girl you so affine
Frankly, I'm embarrassed by it happening on my watch.
I gotta say folks from the UK are really nice :)
where these tornadoes at??
Do it for torty go
Hah! RT : howdy! have a: Lisa active weekend (tm)
chill asia you goin too far lol
i just caught myself listening to the one direction cd. what has this world come to?
eye fire website really burned my eyes with horrible design/spamming. Ugh. WTF is that site?
Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz files open meetings complaints with Dane County DA and state AG.
All we do is smoke and fuck ... smoke and fuck
Im abt to stop doing wat mfs wudn do for me... U AINT GOT SHIT COMING MY WAY...!!! I wudn care wat it is or for...
If Yo Gabba Gabba had more zombies, I would enjoy it as much as my daughter.
#WeWontWork if you have no goals in life .
I feel like some eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and leftover pork chops.
It’s hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does.
The best of both worlds, I'm not spoiled but I have a loving family. But I'd say mostly Emma, I can mostly fend for myself.
When is a Yankee going to come through with a big hit like Vlad just did?
For I know the plans I have for you," says the LORD. "They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope.
Why can't NYPD Traffic cops do anything about triple parked limos & trucks on Madison Ave between 7 - 9 am weekdays?They tix everywhere else
Happy Thanksgiving to one and all.
Going back to sleep. Early rising. Night world.
Two more shows, finals and then a nice three week break to refocus and work on other client/personal projects.
We've been in that situation where you're just so happy to be doing what you love to do that you get taken advantage of. - Justin Timberlake
im magical ;)
It was going good for a while but these last few segments have been dragging badly.
I don't think this girl on Facebook will "survive" the 2nd day of her diet.. I'll keep you posted.
Recording drums for the EP tonight!
I remember when I did the show 30 Rock. Steve Martin was there Tina Fey was great & Alec Baldwin pushed me 2 the side w/ his chunky fingers
Phone is gone and now wallet as well. Note to self: dont walk with bag open bc you will get pick pocketed. I quit this week. See you 5/8.
50 yr. ago women could not attend White House Correspondents dinner In '62 Pres. Kennedy refused to attend until ban was lifted.
Welp, Jeff Gordon goes down 2 laps. Par for the course this season... :(
RT left, right and christ--book, video, book launch event--- bit.ly/pjg1BS
Frost advisory<<<
He almost did a faceplant into dudes nuts
RT : So much gwalla, dollar after dollar
HubSpot’s Lead Notification and Prospect Tracking is a simple tool that notifies users whenever a lead returns to their site
The constant companion in my journey has been theatre,
The Lucky One was a good movie. Thanks(:
oh that was for u....burp!!!
Can someone tell me what's with this sudden desire to join the Red Pant Revolution..
I can now officially say that I went to school in my swimsuit .. LOL goodtimes
