Slut: I don't have anything left to do! Nerd: You mean..."Anyone"
Sorry to hear. Rest up and hydrate.
getting on a plane to do my run in Central Park by mid-morn!
I know imma drop a couple tears today.
see you Friday in Denver.
We need 4 NEW MODELS for a NEW BANNER...could YOU be the NEW MODEL? Inquiries are welcomed..FUNKKy BLACKK© is geared up! Sistaz where ya at?
Not sure about "every" creator, but it does seem weird that theaters feel silent on the subjet
awesome, thanks much; had lots of help, present company included :)
Two tips for faster jogging (1) hot girl in front of you; (2) creepy dude behind you
Why did I poo in the woods today
Headed for to check out !!
Jerks! You're almost done though. You can do it!
no its mothers day tomarrow
James Harden might try to get Metta Ron World or whoever he is!!
#OneThingILove feel good music
First Libya. Is Syria next? We can not afford this.
The zombies come out at nite! Lol!
Ok They Are Your Babies Except MY Nicholicious And Vinny.
It's gotta' be Ladd my friend. What do you think?
i love you, tiger balm.
Rollie Fingers just passed by. He was silent, but his #stache said hi.
Day 2 of the new plants existence at the sales office. He looks terrified.
Lol, I'm not sure what that is, but I'll see tomorrow :)
LATOYA tweeted to #fb thanks for the support toya
Change should come from a creative ideation process- Gsa's Dave McClure
I've been on the phone with Time Warner Cable for over 2 hours trying to figure out why people are not receiving my emails. Frustrating!
Aww I'm sorry!
Lazy day at work and Bob will be arriving this evening.
You can still get 50% off at Tulip Mediterranean - great food and atmosphere! www.crowdclick.com
Hello Memphis!
Twitter 'Share a link' button doesn't work correctly. I got 6 'ghost' shares on my website.
god . we need to start hanging out like you live so close to mee! and yu act like i got coodies or something lol
I like how you're kickin' the science...Maybe if you worked in Avogadro's Number or Goldbach's Conjecture next.
MAKE THESE!
If we don't win the ESPN game day commercial...I'm finding all the 2%ers who didn't vote & shipping them all to lubbock.
I know Aflalo is a shooting guard, but tonight I just want him to be a Making Guard.
Wow, I wish. My roundhouse ain't what it used to be. :)
Can't wait to visit on Thursday to try out their new vegan options!
The HS games I saw today were more exciting than this NETS vs. SPURS game. Bo
Wearing red jeans today. They make me feel extra sassy. I like it.
When you realize your supreme Self your ignorance is instantaneously destroyed. Your individuality dissolves...
HS too, I think. RT : They didn't physically play against each other, but Andrew Luck was 0 for Darron Thomas in college.
lmao. Ok. All right now..
Time for workk.
I'll ask later today and get it to you.
Haha #FamilyGuy is doing a #RedBull episode! So exciting!
Ha! Hope all is well Wesley!
Jeans and a sweatshirt... or try and look cute...
I just want my own room and my own house back.
thanks for the #ff shout out!
S/O to the extra strange numbers hittin me on the text from grabbin my cards at MIX lastnight LOL!
#EliManning #SNL is solid so far.
Women's Rock&Rebublic jeans $129 on a short promo on selected styles, sizes are going fast.
Working on product design and marketing.
RT You know this is solely about the act of booing an injured player. I don't care what you think about team.
Which birds steal soap from the bath ? Robber ducks !
My hair just got fucked up
Hey everyone, can you do me a favor and follow my other site and when I get back I'll follow back, if you ask.
ooh good ones! thank you!
maybe playing in the nba playoffs would be better right?
aye we finna have to do it at the end of aug
Argh.......moral of today: Stay on the roseroot. I just can't think when I am having an episode.
well I am your personal assistant :)
I have two teams when they play I lean slightly to the rockets. #thunder/rocketstillidie
Thanks 4 all the orders placed today! Stop putting off your health & let me put together a personalized health program for u. Call/email/DM
Whenever you would like feel free to contact us & we'll call you at a time that works for you
Let's go cruising! Are you a or kind of driver?
Back at MADESTAR headquarters,
": People get bored & make up things to say.. #LIARS Just get your lies STR8.. Make them sound REALISTIC !"
I agree. And we need to get that misogynist Ed Schultz off the air, too. Keep up the good fight
See/Hear/Experience Pennsylvania Avenue aka Mainstreet USA on a Free historical walking tour with us this wknd! Friday & Sunday at 2pm!
#BIGGESTturnon How heavy she breathes when I kiss down her stomach.
We love everything Cincinnati has to offer! LOVE WSS
BIANCA WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE AND BTW UR SO PRETTYY!!
Part of being Major League ready includes maturity. Baseball should be held to a higher standard.
Hello I hope you had a great weekend.
of course... glad to "read" you...
black rappers frequently reference deadlocks; white rappers never reference bowl cuts? why the disparity
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Going to sleep now night ♥♡ツ
": Special S/Oz To All The Mothers That Handle Their Business .... #Respect"
Welp. I've always been honest to you even when it was hard and embarrassing. All i ask is you do same
You make the baby Allah cry.
Hey bro! Yeah, just catching up on yours now.
Looking for introductions to people that own or manage grocery stores
Planning a fundraiser? Does your team need t-shirts designed and printed? Give us a shout we'll be happy to assist :)
you just passed up Richmond then. Lol. In Vallejo now huh. You should be in Davis in 30 mins. ;p
Almost got away with that one Artest
UVE COME SO FAR! Aweehhh :) becoming a belieber was the best day of my life. Thank u(:
Grrr. Yes. West Ham game is off! :( Like you care, Twitter.
yup, just to smack you with them lol
IU baby!!! Another upset win!!!
i just love when boris diaw tries.
- Darn tootin' re: no 13 losses in a row.
so bored at my 9 to 5
The only time I remember to watch TV is when someone tweets about a show from the east coast and I get a 3 hour heads up. SNL tonight!
Me too! I feel like I have cool friends already! :)
Thanks for the recent #crowdfunding shout out!
Agreed! Except I roll solo. I'm the only cat here and Junior never gets into trouble. Kitty sigh.
Word. MT : what I'd like to see from #NewNewTwitter? The ability to search for tweets OLDER THAN AN HR. Retweet that, friends.
NSAC doesn't seem to be too warm to the idea of offering a continuance to Overeem and his team.
AND you only get two for the entire season. Vermes obviously knows something
Texas pitching was oh so less than stellar. Did Mike Maddox reincarnate as Frank Zappa?
I WANNA BE MUCH MORE
That ending man! OMG!! RT : I watched that last and did the same thing
its gone be a crucial week!!
There are too many reasons to be happy about life right now.
that audio was was harsh but i've heard worse in a high school locker room.
HUGE Promotions this month, take a look by following us on Facebook...Get an extra 10% any project when you mention this add
come to skoo then
Sleepin in my boyfriends pj pants and his sweatshirt always makes me feel more cozy#finallygetting better:-)
Anyone have a good playoff beard going? #allamerks Tweet us a pic!
Glad you enjoyed it!
damb it has been a while twitter #missedyou.. sort of lol
One sweet mango - The Age
Its gotten a lot of criticism (as has Moffatt's work on Dr Who) for being misogynist. I kinda agree. But I still like the show...
Wednesday's Words of the Wise: "What whiskey will not cure, there is no cure for. " --Irish Proverb
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???
My feb 17th menu didn't work out. Ordered takeout!
So true. But anyone who follows tennis for a sec can see the lie
it's You Save Me
Students must genuinely care about the work in school if we expect to get worthwhile results.
#nsta12 i take it back. Wings and rings has good food. Wings and pulled pork was excellent.
Supposedly there's only a couple more days of this insane heat...then it drops to just regular "hot"
Today is Take Your Child To The Library Day. Do it!
Tx, Karl, & to all you fine writers;I'm just the messenger.
BOO, WHAT'S WRONG?! Depression?! Does it have to do with me?! Oh my goodness. I feel so bad. I should of been there for you
If a bra is called an 'over the shoulder bolder holder', then what would you call men underwear? 'Under the butt nut hut'?........lmao!
#artpolitics attachment to the political is about how you endure in history. What affects get attached to attachment?
I know my 4th grader says she is the only one in her group who hasn't read it!
I sum wat got my own krib bt I still sleep alone.
#yobitv hey Josh nice kill
I miss SO much! Someone tell her to message me back ASAP! <3
Finally using iTunes Match. Rediscovering a lot of old albums. 2ManyDJs was a great summer record.
i feel the love <3
Ok. I still don't know how to send a direct message. Back to square zero.
My life long dream is to meet <3(:
They hamper public schools with endless testing and red tape and leave for-profit charters with no oversight. Despicable!
it was a temp:P
Thanks for a fun time last night atx!
Going through a box of old pens, I found this weird thing, I used to wear it on my wrist and it would tell me the time! Now I have a phone.
Melon seems to be a very popular color this spring. Seen a lot of women in melon-colored short dresses/rompers lately.
I'm developing a new horror monster, part werewolf, part wolfman = wolfwolf
All the #Easter fun has made me tired. Lots of fun with family this weekend.
If Lebron got all those free throws,how the hell is Melo not on the line for that.this is annoying
When people believe in themselves they have the first secret of success. ~Norman Vincent Peale
This gonna be a long series!
Oh my god Twitter is so mean it unfollows me from my husband Pack your bags girl we leave next week Thursday!
Tower heist its super funny
Its Friday the 13th! Here is hoping for a good day with no weird happenings. Hope to see yo at lunch!
And, light reading before bed? Refresher of Stephanie Watkins' "Practical Considerations for Humidifying and Flattening Paper"
Wow, so surprised! Thank you!!! :)
new zully on deck also! come check us out. -stay fly-
Lucky enough to see Pgh Public Theatre do "Freud's Last Session" w/ some great, great friends. Great production & great company
Time to watch on
This is the short amount of time (on the show) that's ever passed between a season finale and a premier. I feel like more should've changed!
New York, NY- Need females for event. No nudity. Pay is 150 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
u look hot on d stand
Need 170 dollars to replace my overdrive pedal sad day
OMG This guy on America's Got Talent dressed up like MJ and sang Got To Be There
Hard to believe that #CarlPavano was the centerpiece of the #PedroMartinez trade way back in the day
Don't mess with ouija boards.
Wow dumb girl at wvu had a ticket from Philly to dc not Morgantown to dc on the megabus. Classic wvu. thought u would appreciate
It's hard to be an "artist", either ppl take every word you say & misconstrue, or they don't take what u say seriously..it's a lonely life.
Bummer! No preteam?
Quit fucking saying YOLO damn , give that shit a break ..
If you weren't personally invited, don't bother showing up.
I need to get back in shape like yesterday .... I think im considered a gernade at this point .. Lets leave it at that.....
How much y'all want us to drop some new music??
Hope everyone had a good weekend and that March has treated you well!
Best of luck today to and the U16 RAS Milwaukee team! You do good things Tony; I'm impressed ;-)
Anywho.. I'm watching "Best Ink" lol but it's only making me want another tattoo even more.
RT : The coming R. McGeddon calls for tartan nails and therefore tartan nails I shall have
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing. Benjamin Franklin
Watch out! “: speeding U-Haul vehicle reported headed south on Fauntleroy from California - beware! 60 mph per scanner”
Twitter a muthafucka!
I think I just became a Colts fan.
"EVERYTHING SOUNDS LIKE PIE!"
Quit telling God how big your problems are and stat telling your problems how big your God is!
I miss comedy! “: "Wlll the real Davy Jones please stand up." "I am standing up!" RIP Davy Jones.”
Ha! Yea. Good times with Yal and and
lol making some jewelry to pay for me and Tyler's trip to Dollywood. I'm so excitedd! :)
Yes! MT : Congrats to the Tedeschi Trucks Band ( ) on their Grammy win! You deserved this!
C:\Users\Geoffrey\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Temporary Internet Files\Content.Outlook\VT45KZUS\email (3).mht
im highly irritated rightnow
If you can make a girl laugh - you can make her do anything... Marilyn Monroe
And then we wrapped up our day with a couple of RA stories from CBeebies. My child plays Flat Stanley over and over.
Welp. Time to work on the new mixtape
Home alone all day!!
finally i am back from holiday :)
that's alot, if yu cnt make it I'll understand but I would love for yu to come!!
Are you afraid of spiders? You're not sleeping outside are you?
wait what?!
having one of those nights where I wish my life was different.
And unlike their non-elite cousins, they don't leak on planes! (Though, I miss the micro point.)
only because my family originates from france though ^^' i actually want to go to France
Desire is the beginning of all achievement ~ W. Clement
Ginger&#39;s US History Blog: The &quot;War on Drugs&quot;
Coming from Wisconsin, that part was unbelievably hilarious.
So excited for the semester to be over simply to be in classes with different people.
have been sitting at my desk for about 10 hours today. not good. must get up, go home. at least may issue is now done. ships to printer tmrw
i hung out with your brother danny vegas
...greetings from #Alaska. Thanx for including me in today's shout! Happy Monday.
ultrasounds can be difficult to obtain in short notice, so it's really awesome that you're getting yours so quickly.
There are two ways to argue with a woman ... Neither works
Who says you're not perfect? Who says you're not worth it? Who says you're the only one that's hurting? trust me........
It's mid term week! Best of luck students! :)
Did you hear they are banning Lady Gaga from performing in Indonesia? Crazy.
flip ?: why do u share (not ask, just share)? Do u want/need something in return?
The battle Starts and ends with you. Conquer and win the battle within
#FF Cheer to a great weekend
Chocolate chip fleur de sel cookies. I think those need to happen today.
Astronomy compels the soul to look upward, and leads us from this world to another.
I never said I was a role model.
Wheelchair obtained. Blindness & bone mets and foot splay from cerebellum lesions=difficult walking. It's making life easier.
yeah she's on the hunt
Early morning sun over this city.....(sigh).
YAY! Great to see you here Janis! YAY for Mary Kay!
or watch an honest film.
Theater to myself for meek's cutoff, and then c'mon, you gotta be kidding me with the midnight scene at cliff's books.
Heavy D Is Dead (PHOTOS) Summary: Grandmaster Flash just passed on some terrible news: Heavy D has passed away. We are told he died in
Does everyone know how the terrorists are supposed to get revenge they might destroy the new world trade center thats my prediction
& the scars remind us that the past is real.
i miss you too bae <3
Why does this nice weather mean I have to go out and buy clothes!
spielberg must just use the awards as paper weights these days.
not an I-N-O fan but ill get burgers w u guys anyway!
Good morning! Everyone have a great Monday!
Headline on CNN: "Could our society have a Hunger Games?" I can't tell if that's a rhetorical question or a request.
What's the best part of Zotero and Endnote respectively? I guess the best part of Mendeley is PDF->citation?
Keeps repeating the promo video!
Bitch Cool It...
Sounds good, we'll be waiting “: ditto! Now u have notice June 1-4”
Wish is was SUMMER because it feels like it here in NEW YORK :)
rockin a shirt in Cedar Rapids. Pretty sweet
what, u better not b calling me a loser!
Another busy day, almost done with my shift on KISS-FM, then headed to the arena to prep for tonight's Bucks/Detroit game!
Now that you mention it, I can definitely see the resemblance. :)
Come Wake Me Up off the new CD....WOW. Chills.
I am a data convert. Numbers teach us about our neighbors in crisis. Can't wait for #PITCOUNT on Thursday.
If you want more followers, follow she always follows back and promos
Hello William. ~~~~~~ waving!
Meg:**clears throat** Peter:Huh wat was tht Meg? Meg:None I was jus clearing mi throat. Peter: Ohh i thought yu was ready to say some.
Lost in Translation and Kingpin
Fullback this week? You ready? I hope to see you on offense for a play or two.
I know :( my mother is going through chemo.
Jesus wins. We lose. Seasons over. Someone sweep the leg on Christmas so at least we can snap The #Packers streak.
Because some people deserve the label, particularly when they demonstrate their bigotry so openly.
what do you think of full figured gals that like to party and get their freak on! Wink wink....
i can just chill to them and feel like I'm flying sky high
i've come to the conclusion that lots of things make you wrathful. and it makes me laugh. :)
MISS HONEY ...aww I love this movie "Watching Matilda"
": I'm also not cool enough to pull this look off...- have confidence. You can pull it off!
: Check out this Twitter list: /belibers
#milwauke Carpe Diem! Make the most out of your day! Work hard today is going to be great! Stop in the store and take 10%off w/ code
i fail at life. :c
I know the feeling. Awful.
I hear that
Looking for Frontier Airlines frequent fliers and former employees today. Can you help?
Give us feedback on these tanks so we can get to printing. Colors, fonts, sizes; we'd appreciate anything constructive!
In North Jersey again Debate No. 2 between & tonight at 8
the moon is beautiful(: #supermoon 🌙
Yup, that's definitely Spike Lee sitting there. No pressure, #popcon presenters...
Going to Everest base camp in April. Check out With Eric West on facebook/cool facts updated daily.
And again: Twins!
Tonight I have honed in on my local map reading. Must know surrounding towns for the ever common zoom in. Just show me my blue locator dot.
is your Facebook on your phone being stupid?
you were fantastic!
Good night everyone :-O
Happy Friday the 13th, make it a good one everybody
They should have used Patrons keep commenting on her "sexy librarian" look. She hates it, lol.
Why would any professing Believer want to subject their ears, mind, and soul to Radio or TV that doesn't support or play the Prophet?
lol oh and have you recovered lol?
Acidosis is linked to illness and disease including cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes, gout, kidney stones, reflux and osteoporosis
ok! Cant wait to get together next week :)
thanks for the mention. Staying close to Cannes in May and didn't realize the Film Fest will be going on. So much for peace
Nobody comes close to your UK coverage on here. Keep up the great work my man.
fuck who writes these scripts!
not for logic right? Lol
This episode of Supernanny is hilarious!
Got a callback! :)
Thank you for the AWESOME S/O Cyndi! HUGS to you. Hope you have a very blessed week filled with smiles! :)
And the Heat haters come out. All of you
I dont even know why I have a twitter I'm never in here lol
I made him come :/ (NOT LIKE THAT) hmm sounds soo weird. But I made him come to my house for nothing !
Great dinner last night with and of course
we can I'm finna go get first an then whateva
We appreciate our generous donors. But we also appreciate our smaller donations as well.
Craving some frozen yogurt, badly.
If you haven't signed up for the class tomorrow night, you have 24hrs to stop being lame and get in on the action
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.
Beastie Boys, "Licensed to Ill"
lol i need food if u need help with thaat haha
Time to start packing for the ICMS!
Been at the W in Austin way too long #poolparty. I hope when I have gray hair I won't be dressing like a
Temera!!!!!!!!oh how I missed thee....you been ok? Its been a min.. Congrats on your website!
About to get some new ink with !
I see London, I see China ...
you ready for tonight? Who needs song suggestions?
but not "Bodies" by Drowning Pool.
Hey Mike when are you in So Cal next?
some of our supplies are on back order. Email us for details: austinfacialhairclub <at> gmail
Last month, TPS helped place an article in a bank marketing journal on multichannel marketing.
“: What he say?” Hell if I know?? It was barely English!
When someone breaks your heart, your just one step closer to finding the person your meant to be with.
Hottest group in the mil right now sauve society XL look em up on facebook
New vendors, galore! We have three new vendors opening this month ! Come and check them out today!
We all live in the Matrix!! : #acm11 One question for the panelists could be "Did you take the blue pill or the red pill?"
My caffeine high's gone away, and now i wanna fucking throw up everything i've had today. so sick of everything
Look, I don't want to tell you how to live your life, but you'd look pretty stinkin' bad ass on a turbo charged Vespa.
thanks man!
Thats a sign a symbol of the truth within your heart
you are a black person in Budapest
love these photo lineups
I hate survey's where it's 10 different questions asked 5 different ways (each).
RT : #2amt Double ups to the O'Neill finalists who have put the entire script up as their excerpt. You are the future.
The roped-off "lanes." And, of course, the lady wearing jean shorts and high heels with socks.
This weekend was alot harder than I thought it was going to be
Looking forward to Thursday! We are bringing a crowd. Yes!!! Go Alonso!
Solid victory tonight beating OLMC #Monica moving on
Paul Pierce's return is probable. The real question is whether TD Garden has wheelchair access to the court!
Ben Sommers RT : Which one of my homegirls want to do me a favor to bring something up to the studio ?
lol..that's funny..
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 90
"Swag swag swag on you" <3 - 1:20 in the morning where i live and, i wont go to sleep unless you notice me <\3 i love you
all you gotta do is
Proud To Be Haitian. #Always ❤
Thanks for the mention.
Start your week off right with your favorite breakfast item and a cup of hot coffee. We'll be here bright and early.
#ILeftYouBecause My wife started puting out again...
community grill!!!!!!
Dear The Killing writers, there are no toll booths in walla walla and very few in Washington state. Yes, I'm still watching. You're welcome.
another unsatisfactory outcome
Bradley's always gets the most busy when I'm here of course... Ugh
Peter, that would be delightful. I'm sick of bitter herbs and the taste of dirt in my salads.
behalf if that's ok! ??? How was Easter Sunday?
Is Super Bowl Sunday the last great pan-American event?
Eating mushrooms that my parents foraged from someone's suburban lawn. With fresh sage from my garden and a little sea salt, yum.
“ If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher. I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them,...
Dont tell me why dont i say hi.. it goes both ways
(Lisa Nichols) is taking me to church
its crazy how ppl dieing like this damn!
Issa, Chaffetz confirm contempt plans for Holder over Fast and Furious | Fox News YES FINALLY SOME JUSTICE !
“I just want you to know that you deserve the best. You’re beautiful.” -LilWayne #HowToLove <3
Just a little. But every bit counts, or that's what they say. Have fun! Sounds like a great ride.
two weeks till shenanigans in the Antilles
Guess what I'm doing?! VOTING! OR state primary ballots due by May 15, 8pm. You can totes do it.
What’s Katniss’s weapon of choice?
"HELD" by Natalie Grant, pullin my heartstrings.
Pizza shuttle.
"When you leave its not because your love wasn't real its because you're tired of your love being taken for granted."
Watching LA Ink with Viggle Mon | 5PM | nuvoTV Get real rewards just for watching TV.
oh wow, tattoos, that is serious spoonage!
Thanks everyone for the anniversary wishes! :)
can u please check out my idea. Its for a great cause. W.theadvocator.org
Thanks for the info. I was so excited to read nasty postings about me. I fell for it.
At Thousand Oaks YMCA, it's all about domination today. Of my knees.
Happy Opening Day everyone! I plan on watching the game and enjoying some of Bell's finest.
Yellow spots on your turf from the dogs? Try several 1 min. run times throughout the day to rinse off the grass.
ah, no :P no he estudiado :S NADA D: mi mama no esta wee
no problem! keep up the great work. Happy friday
Love the photos...was that at Purple Kirkland?
RT When you're STRESSED you eat ice cream, cake, chocolate, and sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS
Hey! -pick up your free tix for tonight's game-Johnston Hall 033!!
#arentyoutiredof sneezing all the time? It could be dust! Call 586 663-0054 for a free inspection test!
Night Court-Martial (Thanks, !)
Don't miss out! Lennar's 48 Hour Sale is This Weekend Only! Great Discounts and FREE Upgrades! Wow!
have fun with that!
aw he is so cute!! mine is like 1 1/2 we have had her since she was like 4 months!!
Getting ready to tape for 4 regional TBN Praise The Lord shows today. Gonna be a full day :-)
Thats been every day of 2011 for me, lets hope 2morrow will be a lil different rite
Always said 11:11 wishes were dumb, but I sure hope this one comes true
Are there tools to track traffic to a website you don't control the code for... such as your LinkedIn page?
hi business and bankruptcy with concentration in retail fashion media Internet real estate. Plus any women owned businesses.
Did these quarterbacks get confused by the overtime rules? It's as if they think a new game has started
No bullshit here.
Getting ready to send out our first newsletter. Visit www.championtutoring.com if you'd like to sign up.
This is terrible
Sunday night margs maybe? Cc to all pals.
We're working on making Camtasia better...stay tuned!
I keep asking him and then he did:D
do share, which podcast?
You Guys Are True #ANGELS :) 143<3
Got the sister-in-law's wedding present handled!
You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
I'd rather hold in this giant, painful turd for a couple more days than have a conversation with you.
At 's housee
JR Smith really is something. Not often you see a player capable of doing so many dumb things in such a short span.
At the Grove and seeing dudes with bass guitars at Barnes and Nobles. Nikki Sixx book signing.
who told you this....use code words
Daniel at Rudy's Barbershop did it again! He fixed my strip mall haircut like a champion!!! Thanks, !
"Serving as the tip of the spear", Craig Mundy's (Ingersoll Rand) mantra 2 get his HR org focused to lead the co's long range plan
It's just too nice to be inside all day but there's nothing to do outside either
heyy how you been stranger I see you still not following me back Lolz
This is a very fun season of #DocMartin. We are happy you're enjoying it. Thanks for the feedback! Keep it coming. ^LG
Everyone knows I'm in over my head.
Gearing up for the weekend already!!!!! Wonder what hot spot we are going to end up at?
Betta kiss my ass & keep it movin right along with the rest of them bitches
follow me please? :) or not its cool
Yeah, people. Get it together! RT : To everyone making Come On Irene jokes, the song is Come On EILEEN.
Our Hero's feats come both in and outside the circle.
New flash: I love Evil!AJ. You can tell she's evil because she curled her hair.
28. #Giants 4 #Brewers 3 | Tattered team ties game / to send to extra innings / familiar result.
WOW two-handed two ball dunk on by Evans on #SpriteSlam Saturday night
I don't believe that.
We've had our shares of ups and downs but imma still be around ...
Cool, enjoy!!
This alt-ac guide is fantastic! Thanks for posting, Maureen!
Being proactive. Trying to find a bf named Joseph who's interested in carpentry. Trying to lay groundwork for the LORD to mate with me.
It is no fun having a sick child.
MAY THE GOOD LORD BLESS YOUR SOUL DORIS! LOL HALLELUJAH HOLLABACK!!!
All refunds have been processed. Email if you dont see refund in couple days.
FOLLOWING --> cause Twitter said so. Maybe they'll follow back!
Exploiting the equity of the Darth Vader is very creative.
Well, I'd rather be a nerd than a dork cause
off to parent teacher meeting FUN
Great...how's the champ? In Brasil?
Hell of an effort from the Hawks, we took them for everything on their home ice. Let's frickn destroy from here on out!
I'm so burnt it's embarrassing. Who knew SPF was needed in Ohio. Feel free to slap anywhere so I'm reminded of my stupidity.
I'm right here
I don't know but I think we never see us before hahah :D
I wish we were eating ramen for breakfast
I think what really perfected my gift basket making skills were daily rearrangements of stuffed animals on my bed.
Thank you to all servicemembers who served in Iraq. You are the reason its an organized, peaceful withdrawl from a free country.
Its Goin DOWN THURSDAY...
woot! Tirra Lirra Lacquers landed at mastercraft today. MMS on the way test press in a week or two! love it when aplan comes together
t-minus 29 minutes until BFA defense...
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.” (Aristotle)
likes LPA's Cafe Cino collection now on display through Feb. 29!
Bernardo Hees: My best accomplishment is still to come.
wow doc u really got smooth winning how so he dioesnt hit harder than maynard so he won't ko him and edgar is better wrestler
dear , buy some tickets to vegas cus we're gettin married! lol psh i wish!
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking –“Third, Close your eyes and imagine the audience listening and applauding.”
thanks, Marci! You are a good listener too! :)
don't want to get bored. Plus, it's 2012. Gotta work.
"I was being eaten alive by men, by their needs and their vague insanities." The Taste of Salt by
right on for takin my roach fag lol
. So serene and beautiful...
Bullying just creating chaos
BLM: global women's media platform that turns dreamers n2 bosses by revealing the secret strategies of the most powerful women in the world
Are you going on the party bus?
Ruhstaller Captain Black IPA. RT : What beers did you wash down the turkey with tonight?
come on down, the weather is perfect for #theplayers ... Making dinner reservations for tomorrow... What's ur pleasure?
chayna put that work in... And history will be made
"You can't have power without pressure. Many people want power but don't want pressure! " Apostle Raul Avila
So tired from CHICAGO! I can barely keep my eyes open
It's almost 2:45 AM, I should get some sleep, but the caffeine from earlier isn't permitting me any rest.
Same here...that was unnerving to say the least. RT EARTHQUAKE! MY HOUSE IS SHAKING!
what can I say? I'm a lover not a fighter. And my original tweet was not meant as a fight starter. Trying to pin down my position
Jeans and my college summit shirt today.
Is sam not playing with y'all on warped? I heard Dane Poppin is.
About to head to my gig :)!
Enjoying your #aha2012 tweets when I should be writing.
is so CUTE♥ in "climax" remix {#quemix}
looking forward to tonight!!!
This is how I roll, my cut green beans are outa control!  That's a green bean for now haha!
#ItsAwkwardWhen you make eye contact with a stranger, then you quickly look down so they don't think you're weird.
UTH Checks out the Village of Guflstream Shoppes on Sunday
what happen?
Blazing a trail into nowhere.
check out all the great specials at Achatz Pies!
SO PROUD! It looks freaking bomb! (: yayay for going for it!
Ooh it looks awesome! :)
Now for some Awesome people to follow.
the best.
This is going to be a competition killer for the people who take advantage of this. Trust me!!!...
Chi-town peeps! Does anyone have an extra ticket for the show in October? Please help a sista out!
When people work, their wages aren't a gift, they're earned. But people are righteous not due to work, but due to faith in God. Romans 4:4-5
I wanna text you so bad...but I'll feel annoying to text again after you haven't responded...
you is estupidddddd
Trying to spell "bicycle" as soon as you wake up and open your eyes is the hardest thing in the world! #yawn Good morning people!
Don't know much about O'Brien...can he take us to the Rose Bowl?
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 69$ Divorce. Tampa - Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
i want to be your friend but you are so busy ignoring me u are gonna lose a chance at having a great friend
We speak French, Spanish, English, and Relaxation at our spa.
Ding dong, the Wicked Witch of the East is dead. Now begone, Sharron Angle, before someone drops a house on you too!
wow. seriously? marion didn't hold serve ONCE? and yet she won 6 games. i have no words. dayam and there are like 40 people there.
The Eiffel Tower is a landmark, now it's a lanshark.
all my sexy ladies here on twitter check my boi Legynd out with his new smashing single "she conceidit" ft.Solo /legyndmuzik
Thanks for the mention, ! Our producer will be doing Q&A at the screenings of
you did?!
People will love reading it too! RT many firsts for me in that short story but i LOVED writing it! *so* excited for this!
lol. I'm sorry
That talking to you for even the shortest time can turn my day around
Wonder how many hours of my life will be wasted playing the new #Angrybirdsspace? Just saying.
My sleep is so off it's bobble!
im off at 1215
Haha. Woo! ;P
Twitters just not poppin off 4 me
watching "Red Riding Hood." What a terrible movie, glad I skipped this one when it was at the theatres
09 Montevina #Chardonnay. Youthful. Subdued nose. Lean, straw, slightly floral nose. Much mineral, hints of spice, white fruit 86 pts
for real ill be in town... I'm slow though.
He Know That My Sex Is God >>>
My best underage experience was THE COOK, THE THIEF... when I was 16 and my girlfriend was 15. (And we got in for free!)
how you guys liking the Chicago snow? Lol #WelcomeToChicago <3
I didn't realize I needed a phone jack near the computer.
CONGRATS MY MAN....WELCOME TO THE FLOCK! #RAVENATION. GET USED TO IT! ROLL...TIDE!
Morning sex is the absolute best LOL I KNOW bae definitely gone have a great day at work
#happythanksgiving Alumni! We hope everyone had an excellent day! The weather was excellent. Get ready for #blackfriday tomorrow
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 30!
PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP, WE HAVE CREATED A FOUNDATION NON-PROFIT TO FEED AND EDUCATE ORPHANS IN HAITI 772-834 5000 DANIE
he could have played in early june and they'd already be out. but fits just fine with tradition of overpaid vets.
dat bitch got boogers the size of my damn fist
Don’t forget about Twitter’s search capabilities. It’s great for smaller initiatives
Bored af like always, anyone wanna Skype?
Seriously, SE Cupp, could you possibly be more annoying?
Its so upsetting to know, that i have nobody anymore.
9 US States considering OK for right to carry concealed hand guns on campus... So many legitimate concerns. More Guns more accidents???
You, Me, Marley and Me and Dupree.
My favorite is the one of him in the tub with your picture in the background! HILARIOUS!
I'm so tired. So I am so glad tomorrow's Friday. Going to sleep early and getting up late! Oh yeeah. :3
people should not be selling Christmas trees already. It's not even Thanksgiving yet!!
ah. Jackie is soo pretty!
Watching this innovative symphony wallcast reinforces my dedication to #startups. everyone should have the resources to live their passion
teaching is professional. This is a marketing campaign in need. And teachers need to model professional modes too. Summer=profdev
grad apps. o boy
Thankyou all for changing profile pic to Tray's pic. This has become a NATIONAL movement bc of YOU! Tray was ALL of our son. GOD BLESS U!
blowing up ur phone like a boss
Everyone wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die
Just take me to a place where the white boys dance.
“A sure way to miss success is to miss the opportunity”. Victor Charles
Out this hell hole (y)
hey guys.. hope yall are well!
I couldn't figure out why the original notices didn't mention his musical background. I was confused.
Why does morning traffic hate me?
God gave me you for the ups and downs God gave me you for the days of doubt For when I think I’ve lost my way God gave me you <3 <3 <3 <3
Thanks to all of our wonderful Day of Caring volunteers! We can't wait to see your photos and hear all about your projects!
Thx for coming to visit! RT : At enjoying some cocktails on this fine beautiful Sunday <3
I like the way you think, sir ;-)
Oh, I'm not doubting. Just odd that their method of punishment would display secular authority over the soul and body.
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
Let's go OKC!!!
go !!!!! Looking good against the Heat
I don't know why I thought Sprint would be different this time around. Getting double dicked. Verizon never does this to me.
Always willing to give a little something back to my community.
I refuse to be a member of a lost generation.
Men decide far more problems by hate, love, lust, rage, sorrow, joy, hope, fear, illusion, or some other inward emotion, than by
Is there anything more annoying than a celeb author?
"Take my hand, knot your fingers through mine, And we'll walk from this dark room for the last time"
Family is a place where you can find love!
If God was a man and had to write a living will / advanced directive for America it would be a DNR A do not resuscitate Thank God he is NOT
she is super pretty! :)
So many wonderful new #followers! Thanks everyone - we love giving #shoutouts for #FF. Hope your day is going great!
Everybodys been telling me to slow it down but I'm just starting to speed it up... Hurry summer 2012
some #Chen music early
and pets!
Going to watch jimmy fallon and tonight!
Just got home from working 11 hours straight. Coming home couldn't feel any better.
speaking about the Israel's economic model that we can grasp & embrace it here in Baltimore.
Since you were thinking of ways to make money off of free bribble chats, you could put ads on them. like XAT chats. just an idea
the r&b album. U can chill on that
RT ": Lakers ball RT : Wow - Kobe and Ibaka just went flying, full speed, into the courtside chairs. Think they ju ...
Dear World, That mass-murdering Norwegian Scumbag Whose Heart I Wish Would Explode would like you to please stop "ridiculing" him.
no at all. JR Smith just goes out there and balls! Has to be one of the funnest players to watch.
The Republican fiasco is on!
the bulls lost
Cracked an egg on the Promenade just now and within minutes was arrested for littering.
2012 Volkswagen Golf R: First Drive - Motor Authority
Normally I would change the station when #creed comes on but #canyoutakemehigher is really doing it for me right now
hey sam! will you be at the office on friday? i'm coming up at 3 to meet adam! hope to meet you, too. :)
Melana :) Wishing you a wonderful week chica! RT : RT Thank you Jay! Happy Monday RT
#Alcatraz is simply brilliant
I'm in love with your dog and your mom
Haha. Do it! Are you finished with it yet?
hate that jorge retired - i know it had to happen - but i hate it
What's the deal fam
Need a yoga class to quiet the mind and escape.
Today's the day.. #animalphysfinal. Wish me luck!
Pretty successful night of web development - made good use of Padrino, Rabl, and S3
Excited for news #LM24 - hope will show
Just got picked up by a driver named 'Papa'
yo what station yall be on now
Got to give a shout-out to Coach Lovato ..I know she is going to do great things as the Head Coach at Trinity Valley CC!
I called you yesterday love! Miss you terribly!
Ha, same here.
Thank you very much !!!
Where can you rent 3D movies? My apartment has a theater room you can rent that plays 3D but no clue where to find them!
One day closer to friday
Getting #Pujols with the 9th pick in my fantasy draft... good start #FantasyBaseball has begun
Last night I was laying in my bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself.....where in the hell is my ceiling bro?!
band member Nash Overstreet is the brother of Chord Overstreet on There father is country singer Paul Overstreet
thank you!! :D
I'm back in town and ready to get to work! Oh, yeah, that Christmas thing...
I'm kidding lol. It's Amber and only Amber
I really hope this growler is still good....
Today is the 70th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Never forget
Saw pics last night of the apartment I'm renting in San Isidro. So excited that it's finally comin together.
RT : Someone asked me bout my teammate Sushi* today LOL. I said oh Zusi () is fine. LOL
There is homemade chocolate and pear cake in the kitchen this morning... probably won't last long though, the vultures are approaching...
Bike ride this morning was breathtaking with all the fall colors. Life is good- I have much to be thankful for right now. Loving life again.
I think Charlie Sheen should be the new Superman.
Aww don't cry ur Kitty is going to be ok please just don't cry I also had to get my puppy spayed
My sombrero is off to the enlightening and entertaining work of the Latino Rebels.
hahaha *-* I want to meet him so bad, maybe if one of his concerts is near my country.. :'c
We have had a very busy, very fun week at Studio B Smiles. We are almost ready for the weekend. What are you doing for fun this weekend?
3 Greatest people from the 90's: Michael Jordan, Bill Clinton, and Lauryn Hill.
cause its probably about you, you dumbass.
Can Bourbon Street Bouncer be Frenchy's alternate nickname?
You can't be serious! #redwings #NHL. Every hockey fan in #Detroit just threw up in their mouth a little bit...
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
or go out to eat and not have a athlete in Buffalo steal your money....
"Is this an illuminated dream"
big rapper mariya
DECONSTRUCTION OF A DIVA opens April 6 and runs through April 27 at the 10th Avenue Theater.
Realizing you spelled your bf's name wrong <<<
M , orange juice :)
It's a third-pot-of-coffee kind of day here , apparently.
we'd send you and the volunteers cookies and then never take you on air. Will that help?
Lacking purpose or intention is another key career derailer. My motto: Be intentional!
I think they're really overrated. Basically an eclair. Don't get the Chicago fascination.
Haha. I know deep down you want to and that's all that matters. Thanks :)
Hustle hard. Dress for the job you want. Never let them see you cry. Always be polite to everyone.
I miss DC.
Happy Birthday Kandi, hope you had a fabulous day!!! Mine is tomm. May babies are the best!!
I especially like the Montreal commuter rail one. The corner yells "Validate Me!" in French.
my mom said she might cry prom night -____-
Speed Dating Event next week..register today before its to late..www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Crazy winds outside
I killed the game!!
S/o my brova and all the Benning Park niggaz we did the muvafukka!!
I bet she would have, too! I miss you, p.s.!
jus said "featuring" Rob so fools kno he's really playin keys on it. People were thinkin I jus got a hold of the acapella.
When my mom was born. Heehee ": 1969 ..."
Happy mothers day to the beautiful and amazing that gave birth to a star!
Elementary school roller skating fund raiser brings back painful memories...for my tail bone.
Everyone Retweet this!
ASUW elections getting serious. Trying to pull people in with free cotton candy and a cute puppy. Ugh that pug is so cute xp
Actualy theyr awsomeee !! Like ur realy good. I just downloaded one song on ma' phone
TRAGEDY CALLED TRUTH EP DROPS TODAY! COME GRAB ONE AT THE EASTSIDE LOUNGE! YOU LIKE ALTHEA? WELL THERES A PART 2 AND 3! COME SEE US!!
I was just about to say ... find a rotary dial or a phone booth and you really have something.
One in seven thinks end of world is coming: poll - Reuters
After watching them all, Season 1 of 24 is pretty easily the best of them all. Season 8 the worst. Overall just a tremendous series.
At The Hard Rock Cafe watching the game with kells!! Go Mavs!!!!!
alright haha. Ill give it a try.
are you trying to put us into a rage with "Rayburn" tweets?
Nighty Nite folks! Gotta get some 
Happy 28th anniversary to my wonderful parents
I want a danish right now
Man! Don't wanna see anyone leave Dancing with the Stars tnite! Everyone is so good.
My teeth are ugly AF...but after 2yrs pretty teeth..2yrs -__-
There is a little kid singing really loud Mexican karoke at the restaurant down the street. It is beyond adorable!
I hate it when I don't forward a chain message and I die the next day.
Ha ha ha this man is drunk and funny
time to scour the campus for some music to nod to.
We've decided to leave our Christmas room through the end of the year! We'll be putting new stuff out all the time!
Some people get in relationships and don't know who/what they want,make your decision before commitment
don't feel like working...
Hahah it's so crazy how fast I can get a buzz.
(ksenia) we're looking for illustrator/animator for a project due September 4th, South Park style - DM me ASAP
Each year I seem to spend 7-10 nights in Omaha, NE. I have always enjoyed this city.. Happy to be in Omaha tonight!
McCain didn't like that statement...
OMG that's beautiful!!! I grew up listening to u guys, my whole fam <3 I'm 20yrs in Aug! U made my childhood and now the best yrs!
I might work at Yolo froyo. Hopefully
If its foggy again in the morning, its time for spooky pictures in the cemetery.
Thanks Jen -- I hadn't seen that before. I just sent them a question via Twitter!
Sounds great. I'll be doing the same over the weekend. Let me know how it shakes out ;)
i am going to wach tv bye i love you bella thorne <333333333333333333
PLAYIN DIS! You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions at Burro Bar
I might as well face it, I am addicted to spinach. I know, where did that come from? Spinach has taken me by surprise.
Man these dudes got me working ugh
My 1st priority would be a solid vision of what the role and purpose of the library is.
Off to my last class of college. That was fast
to hang out... Duhh catch up on the last 15 years or so. why not. Do you think im up to no good?
The theme song really writes itself. Just need to get Damon Albarn to return my calls.
Lissiebee! Be careful!
Do you have any #WhenAustin moments? tweet me and I'll post them and give you credit!
Whole time the reason why I couldn't go to sleep cause my tv loud af...lol kill.
Central Ohio's most succesful women as featured by Jacintha Balch Norren Warnock and more 7:30 on
Shouts to for the follow
"Don't talk to strangers." "Well , how am I supposed to make friends?"
waiting to meet Judy Bowman.
I didn't say those jeans made your butt look fat, I said, "Um," then I made a weird face.
Anytime ~ Just ask. X :)
thanks guys - as always gentlemen and scholars (and rounding out the group)
why is Camby always injured over the trade deadline?
Hope all Moms out there have a wonderful
I'm always down for new music! And keep it up dawg! Your flow is tight! For show getting that fanta mix tape!
It's almost time to party!!! We're ready for you Chi-town!!!
RT : Today's thought: "All art requires courage." —Anne Tucker
Dis nigga got a big girl on he fooling. Lmao
OMG you are hysterical! I love reading your tweets! Very smart and truthful!
This dude did not just say hes valid like salad lmfao!! Omg haha
With insane sales pressure, self-serve might have appeal. Advertisers *can* come to you. Trick to getting them to do that = different story
Paris tomorrow, also gladly going home earlier than expected, I'm home-sick
but what i learned is not to trust. now true love will come first <3
A special thanks to everyone who came out for our Light Of Mine screening last night at HD Fest in Portland! Possibly our last PDX show!
just voted number 1045:)
yea for real! Bunch of pocket pussy bitches
Chigago vs. Detroit preseason game on verus.
Should i really be doing this
My boyfriend never fails to make me happy :)
How is this work day not over?
Going to the drive-in tonight
OH YEA
I just wanted to watch Princess Mononoke, but no scratched disk won't allow it.
Quick trip to San Francisco today and then back to a very busy schedule!
OMG this movie is hilarious.
Looks like the Mingus docu has funded. Thanks for making me aware of it. Merry Christmas!
Agreed. For a doll, that's really rediculous.
really, no one has started a meme about romney going to cranbrook for an MFA?
Anne Buckley - Reen is an occupational therapist, yoga teacher, researcher and lecturer. Guest mentor for
April #snow. Thank you #Chicago!
can't. wait. RT : 50 days til our sleepover
thanks for sharing!
My hubby and his best friend just said they are going to get eachother's wives names tattooed on their butts. Uuhhh
u gotta read between the lines
Flippy cup at the AdWars? I think so! Great job DEG
Didn't win a smoothie today? Hang tight for next Friday!
How can I say no to that?! I just added the info to my work calendar...that makes it official right?
thx Steve! Spread the good word good brother.
Carrollton Grandmother Ready To Audition For Dallas Cowboys ...
Man.. Up trying To make it to the shop... Why did make my appointment so Early
Very happy for y'all! Wishing you all the best! <3
If you didn't see the 1st time: IMLS announces Let's Move: Museums & Gardens initiative with Mrs. Obama!
I just can't sleep. Ugh.
omg saying!!
We have a new #Autistic boy starting treatments today..
Happy Mother's Day a day early to all the #moms out there! You hold the world up with your strength.
#telljimmy he's wrong. He gets on my nerves
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist ! <3
see you there!
IM GOING WITH YOU, it seems so so so cool
CAN YA'LL GO FOLLOW !!! PLEASE! SHES AMAZING:)
thx.I've kinda got baby fever though, lol.Maybe I'll just have a baby ;) I like the article! Looking forward to next weeks!
it's not a strat actually, I won it at Six Flags
All #TerraNova fans need to tune in to #Fringe this Friday!!!
Awesome trip!
$2 buck tacos and $2 buck Tecate Talls... What else would you do with that 5 bucks?
that's cool how much????
Go Kings!
umm... i'm exhausted!
I wish my shift was as fast as my break 😢
Get out and vote! There is still 1-1/2 hours until the polls close. Tell your friends vote too.
She's talking about Alarcón's indigenous strains...
Tix 4 Chicago Express game tomorrow must b bought today 2 count towards our fundraiser for a needy family. Only $17! www.ProjectFlipmode.org
Oh my gosh, i miss my Betsey Johnson sunglasses ):
get it girl
Headed to the beach woohooo
After a long day at work!
I need play by play action!
“for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and all are justified freely by his grace through...Christ Jesus.” -Romans 3:23-24
Many thanks, Michael.
Second night in a row I've packed my bags then been told I can't go..
Did you know that adding videos to an online learning course actually improves retention?
.... The Gryphon... love(d) that place when i lived in phila!
says here lauren heal is "a reporter for The Heartland Institute". Hmm.....
You're the sweetest!
Bored a'f.
Thanks for the mention.
Ok Big Guy, Lets see if you have any balls now! Neal leaves his feet, Asham with a Match Penalty, Suspend them now!
they got crow up there in the UP? ha, this ought to end the mj comparison for awhile!
Happy (early) Birthday!
We love this! RT Wacky Wednesday please
stfu im done i shut this convo dwn bitch get a life and stop fantisizing about mine you arguing bout pfp get real bro t'f lol
I thought mine was food-based, but I can't keep anything down, even hours later. Think I might have a buggie.
hahaha now your in it to win it? Idk hahaha but we are awesomest
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. Sir Winston Churchill
"On Edge" Radio Talk Show is organizing a meet'n' greet on 03/14/12 at Chloe 81! Let us know if you would like an opp. to guest on the show!
Shit, wrong drink. I was thinking of Diet Rite. Which some Chicago bar had instead of ... normal soda.
#FF - almost time for New York! We'll be in booth 7849 - come see us!
Why do I feel like this week is a fight to the top of the list like #dancemoms ? Gosh, in like every aspect.
only one side... My side...
yo i got 3 more #trophies till i get #platinum on
Anyone have their wedding band inked?
That's swag when you can chill and get better at home and get paid doing it.
your sexy just saying
Charles River Apparel has purchased a new building! All our Dept. Heads are heading down to Sharon, MA to see the new spot. We’ll offici ...
Hi Kim r u doing much better now, about the hall single thing?
Finally back in twitter. Took a sabbatical from it for a while.
that was easy, good luck!
: Thanks Matt!
when people at school find out i have gum...
I have plans to go with my sister when she gets a break. We want to go to North Carolina. Lots of mountain nature trails :)
tomorrow Adam Lambert's new album comes out.... SO PUMPED!
Anthony, your fan's would have up most respect for an Awesome Octopus album
No way...still advise highlights! XOX
Yeah. Yeah.
aw sorry. where do you live?
TOO BAD YOU'RE GOING TO LUBBOCK THIS WEEKEND
Awesome weekend of shows! Thanks to our friends in Athens and Columbus for coming out, and thanks to for tearing it up!
So excited for your next update of #SLY! Now that I've finished all 50 shades, it's back to fanfic. ;)
#Portland will always win! What do you guys think? RT : "Is Portland more hipster than Seattle?"
Q4) Design skills that are "Information" driven, not "Procedural" or "Process" driven
I finish my conference on Friday, would stay Saturday night. Who should I chat with? (wanna watch sea planes!)
wtvr if I had highlights then that would be me k.
That was a RANDY SAVAGE elbow off the top rope!!!
So #inspired today! Embrace the good people in your life. bout to rock #Mesa #Bootcamp & hit chest/tris/abs! #fitness Be kind to each other
Check the blog now.
We kick off the calendar of events today! Hope to see you at Mt. Zion First African Baptist Church later at 5:00... 105 Lankford Ave
why am i wide awake
Past loves, past lives. They float away if you throw them to the sky.
Yeah, that hasn't started quite yet...
#lbf12 #pubpt Bob Young of Lulu not terribly clear or persuasive, jet lag, perhaps?
brb.. Crying in a corner.
still don't like her
God Jul, man! I hope you and your family are having a wonderful day. Looking forward to paths crossing again someday. Cheers!
To recap today, Ahman Green wants back in the NFL and Liverpool wants to hire Pep Guardiola. Also, I would like a helicopter.
We haven't carried it, but we will check to see if it's available in our market.
Out of all the ways to kill Omar off The Wire they choose to have the youngest person do it. Damn I rather have seen him die in a shoot out
On board in San Diego
Passing on the combs third floor torch
Love your blue top and your jacket. Have a great weekend. Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather!
Doesn't sound fair. What's wrong w/ that picture:).
*cheers* back, friend :)
fuck that dude. I'd @ him but he blocked me long ago. Guy has a chemical imbalance. Tell him to move to pittsburgh.
screening hitchcock's "strangers on a train" on sat. trivia: my great-uncle was in that movie AND is buried in hollywood forever
I haven't been on Twitter for hours, but no LD on #USMNT?
school & bored
RT : I'm painting my penis black in hopes that Kim will take me back :(
Happy Friday Cathryn!
How awesome was that scene in Entourage when Wee-Bay hung Johnny Drama from the balcony at The Standard Hotel + referenced Viking Quest?
Rocked a volunteer shift I and passed a test for which I did not study. I'd say a celebration is in order.
but that assumes teaching a class of 37 is less effective than teaching a class of 24
Girls who lack ass yet parade around in booty shorts as tho that's not the case are beyond indecent I mean increase yo protein intake, shit.
Good call. Blondes are nothing but trouble. Them and red heads.
It was great meeting you as well!!! Take care!
hurry! I wanna see u!
U know Glenn Beck? MT I met a guy around this time of yr in 1992 who was convinced there would b a rev in the US w/in 25 yrs.
You're like, hot (: lol
Can't sleep without him telling me goodnight. Like he used to.
well just curious, share a title LOL
I swear to god it wasn't me. I'd tell you if I did, and I don't even get on ur acc anyways
Let us die now, or live forever..
At molly wee pub, two blocks from MSG. Sizeable Caps fan contingent. Nervousness turning into excitement. (Booze helps)
Am still working on that. Crazy amount of work to prove that I'm an "outstanding researcher", and USCIS lost my H1B extension :(
he's just seething because they'll likely cancel his silly show after 1 season because it can't compare to the other completions
All the girls who says Kim kardashian is not hot are just jealous ;)
Today Tron in 3D. Sunday Dawn Treader in 3D. A 3D Movie weekend. Now all I need is time for Tangled.
You Should Check Me Out Sometime.. I Play Guitar, And I Write Raps, and All The Lyrics Are Meaningful And People Love Them
“: Haha, ok that'll work..anything to get rid of this pain lol”yea yup works every time I'm on my way
False RT None of y'all would be lakers fans if Kobe wasnt on the team..fake fans smh lol
Kenny Wormald is too fucking sexy.
So funny, what a dumbass.
Wow! Adele, what a night at the Grammys! I predicted she'd go 3-6. I was wrong, clean sweep!! Amazing!!
When you're praying and your connection with God is so strong that your just completely overtaken with tears of joy<3
I choose to live by choice and not by chance. to make changes, not excuses; to excel, not compete. I choose self-esteem, not self-pity.
I'm
So did we ;) haha
for real.
#sls12 #TweetAndEat Panel talking about line between honesty & trashing local biz. Stay true to your brand/mission - Go
Miss Yall..hope everythings going well with you #MuchLove &
Watching #redcarpet coverage of the
it seems kinda late to reclassify. I thought people usually did that early in senior year.
#thebachelor really pissed me off tonight. Wth Ben?! I literally started to cry.
Maybe Tiger and Toyota should team up for a comeback with the slogan: “Tiger and Toyota, we swear we can stop.”
Meeting number 2 with the great ! So.. There's going to be a music video in the future.
United Airlines in 1962: Frequent Flyers in the Space Race - Jaunted (blog)
I was going to say that, but since last time I publicly said something I heard about it over and over, I refrained
Sam leaves O.O ? lmao i havent watched the entire series yet.
#GymPetPeeves equipment/space hogs
Staying with tonight :)
My Auntie micro braids just fell out her username is
Wow, all of his tweets are brilliant. Violence against women and "liberals are dumb, etc." Quite impressive!
A good neighbor is one that does not put a password on their wi-fi
#NowPlaying "You Make Me Feel...." Cobra Starship ft. Sabi
so it's late and i'm still up. who fucking cares. not me
A horse with a stupid name won the derby!
Everyone has a platform in life, it's up to them to determine where they go from there
arre that's what i'm wearing! but it hurts when the cloth touches it!
Happy Birthday!!!
Ima barbie girl in a barbie world!
Gloomy mothers day but it was AMAZING!!!
I'm pretty much getting to hang with the older brother I never had this weekend cc
I love me some chad American history
ok r u gonna sing it!!
Barbara Guest interview with coming soon in (via )
I told you on TC, we've had sex. I can see the future, obviously.
I'm gonna have to be more careful around you ;)
Rest in Peace Levon. I think some Whispering Pines will be spun tonight.
"Beyonce's vagina debuts baby girl!" ~ Us Weekly
just donated to thank you, mr. president, for standing up for equality.
RT : We've been spendin most our lives livin in a Bacon paradise (via )
Tabu/ Skydome tonight! Sports gear gets u in free all night.
When did the White House Correspondence Dinner become such the event? Is this C-SPAN's ploy for ratings? C-SPAN's sweeps event?
Sometimes You fucking people make me want to vomit!
I LOVE my Nuggets!!
#smnpchat preparing for layoffs now! in response to mandated large budget cuts -- on the order of millions. not easy!
Interesting, don't believe that was on my calendar!
pm The system we are developing to support #engaging #curriculum is #parent centric. Happy to help if we can
It's awkward when my friends get up to go to the bathroom and leave me at the table by myself...
definetly not looking forward to english tomorrow:(((
#lsuua LSU trying to give the game away. Good thing ar-kansas sucks!
Atlanta and Chattanooga #StreetTeam e-mails have been out. Please tweet at us if you would like to be added to the team for free-tickets!
RT : #Aloha Friday to some great peeps!
frustrating day
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 25
I love when bitches text back right awayy
what the hell
Awesome job your doing!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you for your help with my business! You guys are great!
come on double yellow flag
Today is 4/20......Earth Day! I can't wait to see Chimpanzee the new Disney Movie, released today. 🐵
good thing you are wearing panties
Mormon posthumous baptism. I want to shoot myself.
Having a great time at tonight!!!! Thanks Indy for showing how we can kick off Super Bowl week Hoosier style!
aww why did you have to bee good? Lol aw well thas like in luch
irritated that the exterminator didn't come when apartment office said he would. missed a lecture waiting on his stupid butt.
Everytime we plan something. Some shit gotta come along and fuck it all up. EVERYTIME.
haha well i won't be 18 for a little over a year so that will be awhile from now, but i still probably will!
RT : When you prove yourself to be consistently untrustworthy, you shouldn't expect to be placed in trusted positions.
chillin at home
What would you do if you won the $640Million Dollars? I would do.. Great Things!
is open and much improved after all the renovations last week. Thanks for your patience!
RT : I'm so hungry😔
You're sincerely welcome - and thank you for the lovely words!
May the Fourth be with you!
transcribe lyrics from ur coffeestained notebooks, napkins &, not so often, lines written at the palm of ur hand with a blue ballpoint pen
Thanks for the support!!!
I HATE BUSES!
I LUV YA ASS LIKE MILL HOUSE LUV LISA
RT : RT : Follow this morning as he tweets from the Orange Beach political forum.
This afternoon in Wis.: quadruple homicide, gov. to meet with prosecutors, Assembly leader says he carries gun on floor, tanker explodes
totally don't wanna be here in school :P
Nat'l Human Services Assembly board meeting discussed" Putting Human Needs on National Radar Screen"
If you love you'll follow !!!!
Watching Grace and Hope play Cake Doodle on the iPad is fun
As if you weren't excited already!! RT : LAX airport. Damn excited to get to Vegas now!
that is so fantastic.... congrats, and i like you even more now!!!
Manu is clutch!
Joakim Noah. Make a pizza. Shoot guns.
Thanks to everyone who visited us at the event... if you want to learn more, we have open meetings Tuesday nights at 7pm
A note all drivers: It's only snow. You've seen it before. You can do it. (written hands-free with the aid of Siri)
Always great working with you. Thanks for the faith. Incredible strength gains in just 6 wks! Enjoy home and good luck in KC.
congratulations! Have you found a place to live yet? April will be coming soon!
Leftover pizza. #SillyQuestion RT “: What's for breakfast?”
What happens when any political mailer quotes & cites a news article? Is a picture the same? What % of the pic needs to be used?
Kawasaki for Wells! Are you serious, Wedge?
Soaking up the atmosphere on southbeach....
well, i had a message... not from the person it should've been from .
thank you for the visual....lol
haha noppe, a different guy x)
IFOLLOWBACKGUYS :3 Unless you don't look cool... LOL.
Bitch, you're a homewrecker. My boyfriend doesn't care that your boyfriend doesn't want just you. Go bitch about it to someone who gives af.
Is that a compliment or a slap in the face?
Had a great show tonight ;-) Now, looking forward to my next adventure! Coming soon, stay tune ;-)
can't believe I am missing the biggest mu bball game of the year tonight! I hope all my superstitions work since I can't be there...
For all you #Buffy fans: Parker Abrams is #MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget, but just barely.
No shipping? Even after two days? Daaaaannng... -K
I can't tell you how, but I KNEW you would respond to this one.
Celebrating passover with a couple of bacon cheese burgers
why is this girl named bernie so famous everyone is tweeting about her who is she??
Let us know if there's anything else we can do to help!
Juvenile #curfew laws are a poor policy decision because they fail to achieve their intended effect of deterring crime.
well played
thanks for following guys :) have a wonderful day
Ocean sex rules! Go to hell land sex! Every now and again The Simpsons captures its former glory.
I am going to post it on my Facebook page :)
That's right. It best be Eristin. That's my dream. With Ackles and Peck. :)
Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star.
massage is the answer to everything!
Im not trying to impress you but..... I got a sticker from the dentist
Getting weird flashbacks to The Newsroom all of a sudden. I better track down a bran muffin.
heard r kelly's "step in the name of love" at the bank today--seemed a little risque for pnc, but i appreciated it.
Like going to work on a Friday cuz I know its pay day
uber props! Totally branded her appearance -- from red carpet to performance!
Just now hearing about the Maxim article/spread. Congrats! Hope it gains you a lot of exposure and opportunities.
#Frankie Goes to Hollywood & Fad clothing. I know what people want to wear this year, if you make clothing, do something different! 2612
I can't take it anymore…Mark Sanchez is just so bad. Makes horrible decisions and does not throw the ball accurately.
Important site to know: www.Reputation.com will identify, remove and keep your personal information off the Web and commercial databases.
I'm not actually friends with him on Facebook, hence the creeping. But yeah, shady vitamins make for a real mystery killer.
I'm suddenly turned off by now.
Thank You ( :
Welcome to the #Museum new followers: , , and ,
I bought a Kala after #JCCC1 and have been very pleased.
Watched a Frontier plane land from my new job.
= another extraodinarily beautiful australian that everyone's been waiting for to get a twitter. #WelcomeGiorgia <3
Huge shout out to #mlanet, producers & for a great presentation of #mlamobiletech & awesome addition of music! ;)
iPhone or HTC (android)?
I have 20 books I'm not super focused on
awesome! Look forward to meeting you!
not possible ! I brought your present for you btw , I'll give it too you when I take you home .
! RT : Wade joking on LeBron MVP: "His 2nd one could have been my 1st one, but we won't talk about that."
is the official #steakhouse of the ! Be sure to check out our #PGATOUR Player #wines & our Double Cross Mortini.
Jan, everyone that was around here at that time remembers that one.
Check out flights to Orlando from Columbus today... i saw a $155 flight if you know anyone flying in
Knock on wood?
Come on you young lads join with us old grads. It's west virginia now we cheer!!!!
Also who are they going to catch the bad guys on horses, they can't even catch me but I am a fast doggie
i got hurt in practice smh
That's shirt's been done, right? Obamanos?
Trust me, you wont (:
hahah time to party?
haha yeah, I work at the state benefits office. So communication is my forte'.
lol like what?
im down for it lessgo
The one dinner in Washington where everyone gets a seat at the table! #HHH2012 Honoring
should be plenty of time - just don't throw them away in case you need a reliable pair come race day.
I'm no longer worried about the #cardinals. The #brewers need to stay ahead of the Diamondbacks to secure home field advantage against ATL.
I saw! So excited!
Total Freudian slip. Sorry RT: “: Digital punishing class, eh? Tell us how you REALLY feel about epublishing...”
Love if you're in love. Cry if you're hurt. Smile if you're happy. Don't grow old. Just grow up, and learn from your mistake.
Thanks Chicago for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
what's up next week?? In Baltimore thurs. and D.C. friday
well the suspense on the article is only a few short hours away! Now lets make you a Wildcat!
Work it!
MENTION ME I LOVE U
This summer we will be looking for a location to open a new Berkshire County office.
RT USA Daily Deals Find the latest deals in your city across the USA
-Thanks Mike-- and some of your favorite authors there also!
are u in Atlanta? I would love to shoot u “: haha I sorry. So when are you gonna shoot me? ;)”
Yesterday a student said when they walk into my studio they feel like they can do anything .....#thatswhatimtalkingabout. Make your...
