Good practice Rage. Welcome to the new players and welcome back to some old faces. Keep getting better every practice
very soon! You get some friends of yours together and we will go
What I object to is negative utopias. RT : and you say you dislike him RT : Kurt Vonnegut briefly worked for SI.
Trying to tell Keith, thanks and I'll keep it real too. XOXO
Damn i got along way to go.
So happy #elf is on USA right now!!
yes ma'am! I'll be back in Huntsville at the end of July!
THANKS for the sweet complement! I LOVE the Wolsey website...sweet eye candy!;)
Sometimes the only thing left to do is wrap your arms around each other one last time and then ... Let go!
hey Ariana! Love you :* hope you're having a great time in Florida and also celebrating mother's day with your family. :]
I need to work on a plan to clean up our data on an annual basis
Remember, we're closed today for Yom Kippur. Come by tomorrow to check out The Color of Memory!
i've been in my bed since 1pm i havent gotten up literally at all except for food is this what it feels like to be obese?
Why do I even come to Chicos.
How long is the gestation period of a Jessica Simpson? I just assumed it was the same as a warthog.
Thursday, make the painless please!
Can she cook?
the mailman berrying a gift... just received my very own copy of Genreflecting in the mail, yes I am a nerd!
Karen, pretentious dignity
Yes we do! RT : We need to help people make decision to invest in content
I'm watching...RT : We're watching. RT : #ThePitch starts now! Retweet if you're tuning in.” ^RL
": Good Morning World you are now rockin with the #Blessed" happy hump day!
jam to us!!
Celtics coach also admits they should've fouled Philly earlier than 14.4 seconds.
I meant 5 sorry
taking a self defense class today...better watch it! I might kick you in the magic triangle!!
so glad you could make it out Stephen!
Outdoor Bootcamp in Wauwatosa starting June 1st! Who wants in?
Be yourself, not who others want you to be.
The Guto likes to think he is sporting a 70's porn stash...but knows deep down he's just a creep with a mustache watching porn.
I hate it. She makes me soo mad al the timee!!!
kate is nutty put her in shadybrooke
Need any money? Send me your bank acct# & I'll wire it to you. ;)
Why does Justin have to pay actors for a video when he can just hire beliebers for free?
*shoulder and knee ": Cold weather makes my ancle hurt"
IML is that a booth?
not tonight Just hanging out with my sis. I just can't bring myself to change out of sweatpants. Lame I kno lol
You are so inspirational my prayers go out to you & your family xoxo stay strong <3 please follow back
Does the firm compensate for your rainmaking strengths? You are good at expanding relationships, does the firm pay a proliferation credit?
To be able to look back upon one's past life with satisfaction is to live twice. - Lord Acton
for the same reason that so many people focused on his birth certificate...its politics
Thank you! RT : Happy Birthday !! Hope you have a great day!
video instead of recording?
Every once in a while they have groupons for them at local med-spas. All my friends in Vegas get them like, once a month.
I hate when I run into somebody that knows me but I have no clue who they are lol. # ummyeawatupdoe
Staring a my iPhone in complete darkness, trying to figure out at what point I crossed over and became hooked on Twitter. LOL
I've given up, I've given up slowly. I'm blending in so you won't even know me.
I want to move on, but I can't.
I never knew running worked out her abs
Terry off, oh dear Chelski.
haha me too
In case you're looking for the Bulls game, it's started on Comcast Sportsnet+ channel 285.
Such a crazy busy week - lots of new listings! What sort of #housing are you looking for? I just may have it in my back pocket!
Your right about the Bucks trade, the more I find out the better it seems.
LOL! That's really pushing it, but I like the way u think! ;)
A rich warm tenderness to your peas
Photo Flashback: Gaelic Storm - who will be at the IAHC Saturday. www.theconcertstage.com/gaelic-storm2009.html
Shirtless pasta cooking has its risks.
watching old videos makes me happy and sad rarrrrrrrrrrrr
well, I find it offensive, but not as offensive as the stimulus package, ObamaCare, the economy, or $5T in new debt.
"Gabriel throws himself into the easiest chair. He shakes his head. He sneers."- NOW I ASK YOU
♥ Dear God, I pray for the cure of cancer. Amen. ♥ 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this, will YOU? ♥
miss you guys too! Hookah soon? #iPhones 💜
Damn that #acuransx is the truth I can see myself riding in that
#hastac2011 If we need more collaborative work, do we need to learn skills of translation between specializations? How?
Hey, go here.. www.twitter.com/history_repeats, www.myspace.com/historyrepeats,www.facebook.com/#/pages/History-Repeats/137814635494?ref=ts
Boating through the Inland Waterways of France - Travel Presentation Thursday at 7:30pm (presented by Neil & Joan Malling)
lookin damn fine already!!
Want to know if your daughter will be a good mother, then looks how she treats her mom
Zombies, zombies, and more gut eating, brain bashing killer zombies. Does that describe your unpublished novel. Perhaps we can publish it.
Goodnight everyone! !! Be safe out there! !! *muah!
you'll pass!!!
Abs are like tits on guys.
Cloth and Canvas grand opening is April 12th from 5-9…see you there.
I must say.....Peyton Manning is a CLASS ACT!
Our first business tweet! Looking forward to connecting with Indianapolis small businesses wanting to increase sales thru coupon marketing.
Still coming down from #minnewebcon high. Spontaneously laughing and crying. But happy-crying, y'know. Husband & cat taking it in stride.
it's not Friday? sheesh.
Racks on Racks on Racks!!! “: No lie no lie no lie”
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day too you also! Xoxo #FitMoms! RT : Happy Mother's day to you!
you look so hot over there plain on your phone.
Do you have hand cramps from episode 2 yet?
#edumooc getting ready to join the first live chat for the MOOC! will be interesting to see how many will be live online
Haha I'm outtie too! Craziness tonight tho! “: hell no. Too packed and I'm out.”
Massachusetts Ambassadors Welcome Companies New to the Commonwealth at Fourth Annual Corporate Welcome Reception
Love it when God interrupts sermon study. Full blown, one man worship session in the basement.
RT : Skype Launches a Dedicated Network for Teachers
Levi leer Mixtape release & Pastor Troy movie release TONIGHT!!!!! @ #PearlBistro Be there!!!
of course they r
My hubby's taking me to a play tonight! And based on a Jane Austen novel, no less! #datenight #myhubbyrocks cc
Wake yo lazy ass up !
Those are considered "nice" things?
Even when we not grinding... we still grinding
That's what I've heard...a bit of $ and pressure can cause a kid to want to please his parents.
yes, I like that idea! Also maybe lunch or drinks to discuss our progress?
If I just lived in water I'd be ok
so you tweeted 4 hours ago... any chance you could get back on and tweet a happy birthday?
STOP SHOOTIN' NEW YEARS REVOLUTION......LETS RESOLVE TO EVOLVE!!!
Blehhhhh work :p
I'm so self conscious...
Log On : www.discountdw.com . Get free upgrade from double pane glass to triple pane glass for all windows and patio doors
“: RT if you love cupcakes.”
when I'm bored I pierce my ears
Spurs/Clippers game boring.... Changing my channel don't wanna watch Blake Griffin dunk all nite
absolutely thanks
Thrilled and relieved that today's luncheon was a huge success. The speaker was amazing and the guests impressive!
They secretly wanna go, lol.
i mean dis world aint gone eva change daz y i keep my head up an my nutz let em hang
The plan was, to drink until the pains over. But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Thanks for the tip. I love the Book of the Month section. Just what I need to procrastinate on doing what I should be doing!
I'm really hoping a certain someone text, calls or even email me about his payments tomorrow. I don't want to bug his father about it.
: I don't think there's a pot big enough for a giraffe...may you can use a pool
The Cavs are ugly. Look cheap
Optimist at heart...Pessimist in person...Dose that mean my glass is full?
don't forget the vitamins, b. Vitamin b, b. Be on that d too. Fuck these nutrasweet ass rappers on that splenda shit son. Word.
He's awesome to and our kids! :) cc:
i need to invest in a ac.. being cooked alive...
Got to love this Lehigh/Duke game for a great cheer for the underdog. Great play guys.
When I tell someone theyll be "the first to know" Im lying, you guys will be first to know
Opening Day! It should be a National Holiday, IMO. Go #Padres!
making chicken soup
Mfs Always Got Something Negative To Say. Tf, Just Shut Yo Ass Up, Nobody Asked For Ur 27 Cents. Weak Ass Nigga.!
am I way out of the loop? Where are you moving?
cant take it no more
Really dont want to go to school today...
"My mind starts racing and my heart forgets to beat When you start to walk my way I forget where I am cant find words to say"
Feeling like a zombie today.
Good morning! ^-^
Hines Academy in Milwaukee CLOSED Tuesday-heating issues.
has his garage painted like an NHL goal because he is always driving straight to the net! Nice Work Kid!
hey I sent you an awesome bootleg of "Dynasty" on SoundCloud! Hope you will spin it!
My bestfriend is a superhero ;D <33
If you rely on your friends to make your decisions,
is the "kindle lighted cover" worth $60? i'd like a light for it, sure, but it's almost as expensive as the device itself...
yeah gurl. Ill see you, l8r :D
Ventura and Los Angeles jazz fans follow
I want a regular boy .
Final paper submitted!!
We're building out our Twitter community. Any suggestions for strong voices on Foster Care, Intergenerational Living or the Elderly?
The USA misses you!!
2 Strip lights for rim lights & the mola beauty dish worked great for fitness guru, William
i wear my heart of my sleeve
dude...is that the "Big Tree"?
Thank you for the tweet!
Tell people to follow me.(:
Incredibly cute that the redbirds won baseball's trophy thingy.
tyler thinks im such a fat ass i bet.
Bill Bishop's book The Big Sort foretold the severe divisions of opinion in U.S.
Friends left, now im bored again. Send me some good websites for fun
Is it just me, or has Raw been kinda weak? is a fucking hack, and all in all it's been a kinda dull show...
How many of you are walk-in ET's? How many of you have been inside an ET spaceship? How many of you are parents of hybrid, ET children?
Gave a talk on China. Really fun and gave me an opportunity to hand out brochures. Always selling!
The Silk Tie likes Chris! Ever choke anyone out in a ring with a tie? thesilktie.com
I just finished Chest , shoulder & triceps , it's my 5th week , It was really hard!!!
I just saw that you replied lol! Yes we definitely should have met up by now. What's your schedule like?
:-) thanks that made my night
Really need to spend some time at The Chrysler Museum. Soon. Anyone else been? What was your favorite thing there?
IMO they should share FOY. MT Perhaps this is a sign: Trey Burke & Cody Zeller share Big Ten's final Rookie of the Week award
where is that at?
Allegations of bias against gay jurors in a SD courtroom, Judge is "shocked" by a prosecutor's behavior.I'll have more 6pm
at the risk of sounding cheesy, seeing the scope of it all makes me misty-eyed. Just a little :)
Glad to see you guys working together. You both do great, great work.
monsieur Pierre
working on getting my mayorship back
you're off the air again!
Skrillex as the 100th greatest guitarist... nice move, Spin.
Jesus. You make me look like an armless stepchild.
CAYOOOOT. he was tall
- Hope you enjoyed!!!
strengthening, 44 years to grow strong, Kathy is going to pay a heavy price for doing this style of parenting. Danika is strict but
Every parent can benefit from signing up with They offer a great free service to track recalls on all your baby gear....
Really such a thought provoking question for me RT : Would you rather have a repin, like or comment on pinterest?
haha well drama has Been following me around but not in a bad way tho !!
deal. You're locked in
Company's coming at 4. Is that too late in the day to start mimosas?
$69 and some change! This may be the least Ive spent in Whole Foods and i think I have enough for the week! Used coupons and my own bags
thanks a lot, & also 4 'getting' my attn 2 visual design :)
you're right, there's another label for it but it's inappropriate
Does visibility ensue change? I'm not saying no, but the chain of [re]action must be traced, or we get
Brand new high school and Baptist church in Cedar Creek are now burning.
Wow Carol! That's more below the belt than my Mama Drippy Jugs' nipple rings!
Thanks! Sometimes add beets too :) RT : That looks SO good! Love the addition of carrot puree!
_yeager as well
RT : !! The pizza is magnifique!! RT : What is the best late night place to grab a bite to eat...
no who-ville party for you
Check me out Tweeps!! I got some new eyes & these fancy antenna's... & sure know how to make me feel manly
takin the firefighters exam today!! wish me luck
im advanced to.... im in 10th... lol
RT : Today, you're capable of anything. Don't you forget it.
Brand new weed , brand new high
Ooh, tell her congrats. Did her mexican friend become a statistic and get pregnant?
I really hope my visit to the emergency dentist today doesn't interfere with my drinking plans for tonight and the rest of the weekend.
Best of luck to Davis, Jones, Kidd-Gilchrist, Teague, and Lamb in the #NBA draft. Go Cats!
my home and native land : ), don't get there often enough.
Gotta love sunday funday!!!!
Keep your phone in your holster. No excuses! I'm serious dammit!
“: ABC has canceled Pan Am, GCB, Missing and The River. Details to come... #Upfronts” The bloodshed starts! No one is safe!!
Gearing up for a great week! Speeches in RHE101, Bush & Obama in Presidential, & the play THE MISER W-Th-F-Sa at 8pm at
Excuse me, while i kiss the sky. Do do doo.
“Sometimes I’m terrified of my heart; of its constant hunger for whatever it is it wants. The way it stops and starts.” ― Edgar Allan Poe
Needa get my own car so I can get up &d leave when I feel !
Ahh..very cool. Thanx for encouragement. We pride ourselves with real lawyers handling the documents, yet online convenience.
The New Orleans Swampers!
Man woke TF up with a huge bump on my face..
The Black Album is my favorite album by Jay-Z cold as hell :)
Happy birthday!
Dentist appiont...this is when i finally get all my complete braces on
Will do! And likewise with Jess et al!!
. . . Pair it with a pint of Rohrbach's. Vanilla Porter & Highland Lager are on special during Happy Hour today, Scotch Ale is...
sounds like something I need to get my hands on! Is it online or is it a book?
apparently we missed the corsette memo tonight
scoreboard where you at
Thank you, Madison! Go see THE AVENGERS if you haven't seen it yet!
Aw, I wish I was out there with you guys! Hope you're having fun (and being fabulous) at #RSAC :)
and lottes elbow...
nice meeting u last night!! Bravo;)
Let's go have a drink.
agreed. blue jeans is pretty nice. video too.
Most common lineup last year had Revere, Casilla, Mauer, Cuddy. Can't pay 2nd batter $23M.
Ew. Mom just asked if she wanted a pearl necklace. Luckily we are at target
Open All Week, New Years Eve Til 10pm, and New Years Day For Brunch. Come by and ring out 2011 with awesome specials, cocktails and friends
If anyone sees ask her what baby pigs sound like when they're getting picked up. Funniest thing of my life. #loveyoubabe 😂😉😘
Queen Latifah has beautiful hair!!!!!
oops! we'll fix.
Could you walk with me if I gave you my foot ?
lmao is it just you guys there
yes we are!!!!! Just want them to keep it up :)
An excited group of little girls are walking into their first Girl Scout meeting at Positive Tomorrows right now!
I know yeahh. They're just so adorable and funny! I love it XD
Photos are up. W.colonialsphotosByjen.shutterfly.com
Well done, Browns. Maybe you are turning things around. Maybe.
ive been hungry since 10... I know I need to eat something soon
Op Ivy avi. Instant follow.
Looking for a contractor in Metro #Milwaukee? Check-out 's Fall Home & Remodeling Show this weekend at State Fair Park!
Apologies for my recent lack of tweets. New job, visiting friends - I'm making an effort to get back in the Twitterverse ASAP!
Just got the second installment of Omar Daniel's new piece and it looks great! Can't wait to record it on sunday.
Hello chica!! How is Law school? What year is this for you?
im so happy now itunes is gettin fixed
cious to waste.
Okay! Want to have cute Alemily moments later? I need to watch TSC too, tonight. lol
can I wrap up and Team #GTTR and give Them as a gift for mothers day to my Mom
Genius, wish I'd thought of it RT Guess Bowlsby is more fitting B12 commish than Nationalchampionsby /
omg i seriously need to stop watching HGTV i just wanna buy a house!!
Sad to be missing #phillyETE this year.
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” RIP Steve Jobs
I'm so scared
lmao at wiz...radio dude:"so your not a pop rapper?" wiz:" ha yea im a pop rapper...i pop up and make 5 million"
still, really dope list nonetheless.
do u know where i can find more info about him friends ryan and chaz ? tnks a lot
Thanks Cindy. I've made it as far as Denver. :-)
Doritos Loco tacos >>>>
no worries; you're a natural.
I have enjoyed the series done by Coach Colson!
After skimming, I plan on reading more of your blog.
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love
how can you won when you only get 2 hits since the 2nd inning? Sorry, but White Sox pitchers are not that good.
OMG YOUR BRACES ARE COMING OFF IN 8 WEEKS! #YEE excited and upset :)
what exercise/food/health blogs do you follow? would love to know...
Congrats on being one of the most innovative events pros according to Biz Bash!
plzzzzzzzzz follow me!!!! :)
Last day at dowling for 9 months. I'm so excited.
So tell me why you tryin to ignore love in your life?
Oh no! Can we help?
Come see us in Newark! We're here 'til 5 today. No appt. necessary for optical. 100 High St. 315.331.5721. New patients get 30% off glasses
Love your show, hi Ruthie!
I'm gonna lay outside. Hopefully I get some color.. -_- too white.
If I was da heart of some of these ppl I would kick 1 of ur lungs everytime u didn't follow my lead bc I'm that part of u that knows God lol
oh yes I did! Give me a month & it will debut.
Oh wait, sidenote...we need to talk about Orlando lol.
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $49.7 US, just shy of the $50 million mark! What a triumph!
DRINK SOMETHING THEN...THATS ALL WE NEED IS DEHYDRATION AND A HURT WRIST....
Please don't make me wait another year for cannoli!
The Knicks can no longer piss me off! Goin for the homeboy Durant. DMV stand up! Let's go OKC
Totally! It is hard to do. I love, love, love my stylist , her name is Mayleen. In case your up for a
Thanks bro! Good to be here.
I keep hoping that the next time Roger Goodell appears on stage, he comes along tap dancing.
do I really want to listen to all 24 CDs of Arguably by Christopher Hitchens? maybe someone can tell me which disks are best?
Hi, man, its been so busy. Hope everyone had a great weekend.
i don't see "you better pay him in rubles! Thomas robs the Russian!!" anywhere on my Jack Edwards Bingo sheet...do you?
has been working hard on a new special! Let Italian Steak Fridays begin!
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :) :)
Also today on the show: #JonathanVilma sues #RogerGoodell, #NFL news and a weekend of #Marlins and #Yankees baseball.
I will b at the DETROIT LIONS game tomorrow! Let's get it Calvin Johnson!
Help students build a digital portfolio
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it. - George Halas
put mckenry at first????
feel better soon, eat some seaweed!
I will be fascinated to hear all about what's going on… :)
#Dragonlaunch Watching the SpaceX launch. The next big step in US space exploration.
I have a twitter crush on and strongly recommend that y'all follow him. He puts the yay in mayor.
I Can Make A Good Aszx Lie Out Da Truth.,! I Hate Lying 2 Be Like So Nxxt Year
Thanks for following! Tell me more about your skincare products?
thank you! (:
I feel in abundance need to drive really really fast, it's probably about time to hide my keys
#ThankYou for the recommend! We are about the power of creative expression and how it creates a world of peace (via )
was the father of Jesse, father of David. 18This is the line of Perez: Perez begot Hezron, 19Hezron begot Ram, Ram begot #Torah 97/99
If you would like to submit art to be reviewed by Art Attacks please send a link to your work to .
Mine: within 5 min of saying team should learn cheers song live on air... They sang it on plane. Awesome.
The neighbors mad me mad. So I ran across the street & pee'd on their Sunday paper Will be interesting when they read it at the donut shop.
I want to see in Minneapolis on 5/20!
Any store or event with the words “Kountry” or “Kraft” in it is going to be painful.
Hoping the wifi signal in the conference hall is stronger than in my room
dru is making my twitter i feel special
So excited the spring is here and we had a mild winter. Looking forward to marchmadness, spring and summer tours. #furthur & #phish!!!!!!!!!
Who would win in a fight. The chick from Resident Evil vs. The chick from Underworld?
Four hour games every night
Audre Lorde~ Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge.
If you were to die tomorrow, what would you differently today?
OK, the #VW #Passat commercial with the little kid in the shopping cart car? Too cute.
Lebron takes a seat like a spoiled lil NBA brat that he is. He expects all the calls
I would love to bed asleep right now. -__-
Tourists and locals alike scream for Lee’s Boston Cream Pie Cupcakes. If you’ve never had one, you gotta try one. Or two.
It's too eaaaaaaarrrrrrllllyyy.
When a guy gets out of the car and walks across the street to get away from his girlfriend while sitting at a stop light >
Looking forward to my brothers retirement party today at Scott AFB 20+ yrs in
This burrito from is good, but it sure is filling.
Good ears RT : Song that's stuck in my head now? It's #1 on iTunes - Fun. "We Are Young"... reminds me of a memory.
All right, with that play, I think Bryce Harper and the Nationals are officially can't miss television. Wow
Unnerving toddler quote of the day: "Sara, bring me a knife!"
Rest in peace Adam "MCA" Yauch. You'll be greatly missed! Thank you for all of the great memories and great music.
Oh, baby why do ido that to you?
“: Just think what you do with putting junk and box together." haha
m that sounds fun
I feel like all my problems were toppled on-top of each other and recklessly knocked over....
you are so right!!!!! PRICELESS!!!
I'm going to come to you're house & cut you're throat
But an article on archaic terms we still use to describe actions we no longer do is long overdue!
Happy birthday ! MOM :D :') special day ! <3 #happybirthdaypattie ! <3
I won't look back once i walk away
Time for bed! Work,then home in time for more hockey #nevergetsold Goodnight All!
So we know you just left here but now that you've had time to recover, you should so check us out!
famous last words
“: You're my bestfriend because i wouldnt dare to be this weird with anyone else.” <3
As Vonnegut said of book indexes in Cat's Cradle. Which reminds me - Ice 9 is the Web.
I'm working on that lol RT : you should write a book... Lol
who you telling? I'm on call Friday and Saturday this week & that's it -__-
It was absolutely epic to see Favorite New Country Star October 2010 presenting on the AMAs - They're going places kids!
yea its great I'm all about twitter these days anyway
just got homee... going shopping (:
According to Einstein, absolute truth depends upon one's view point. Correct, but how does one's point of view come to be?
also everyone, is our favorite person over at Gone Movie today. Thanks Sarah!
RT Laughter is the corrective force which prevents us from becoming cranks.~Henri Bergson
I accept
That's right! Watch or Sacramento!
SeaTac is the best and I know that Park-N-Ride of which you speak!? Can't wait to see you in Vegas in April!
“: #Leo needs a strong partner to help keep them in line.” yes cause I tend to be a bit crazy at times ☺
#HealthTip : The American Heart Association recommends eating Vitamin E rich foods to reduce the chances of developing heart disease.
The "article economy" has not materialized - Beebe.
Getting up early always makes me feel like more of an adult. Wish I had the motivation to do this everyday.
i can't take him seriously as a human.. he's just not very convincing.
Also there is a difference between respecting KU, and rooting for them. I respect them, they're a great team. Just another hoops game to me.
Yay! Thank you :-)
sorry I can't be there next Sunday but good luck w your soup!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the neighbor boys start singing Baby by Justin Bieber to you O_o
Survey time, please respond. How late do you drink coffee? Would you come in after six pm? Thanks for the feedback! Fresh Black Mamba NOW!
will do!
hTat's so funny. I loved Labyrinth but never really cared for the Dark Crystal.
lol i just tweeted this to
what did you get?
#Editing is the secret word of today kids
Hold on with Faith and nothing is impossible...
Rev up the 4 wheelers, it's muddin time..
22 hour drive from Nola to NY with Lezz do this
Yes, "viral" content indeed. Not the way they intended.
If you think branding is hard work...get it wrong and see how hard re-branding is
I want cookies. What kind should I get? Nom nom nom. -- Jonathan
S/O to my Publicist
9 o'clock why u no be here yet hurry!
Well that's good!! :D haha got any cool plans for the summer?? Like any vacations or anything?
"Even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid, for you are close beside me." Psalm 23:4
And it's the end of another successful week! My eyes are ready for a break from the computer screen :)
my total workout time per week is currently < 3 hrs.
Over 3 billion people live on less than $2 a day. Could you?
What kind of mother decides to get a colonoscopy the day after Mother's Day?
got to
"THE LIMIT DOES NOT EXIST!"
Cool. We'll check it out!
Looks like chgo winter is finally here. Cue the complaints from ppl from the south...
Awww, I had to cut Dave Matthews and John Mellencamp (No Cougar) from the playlist. What a shame.
Mavs have a lot of new pieces and no training camp. Growing pains were inevitable. They've gotten their wake up call. Not worried.
Its like damn IM NOT GON TXT U BAC !
#KSsynapse Monteggia: In several behavioral models of depression & stress, low-dose ketamine rescued depression-like phenotypes in rodents.
Lmaoooo, my grandma just called rice crispy treats, vanilla rice.
Will they post the T-Plush conference online? Where can a guy see this.
next is the Oscars, Cows and the slots... don't know which order.. LOL
Like things because you legitimately like them, not because somebody else tells you that you should like them.
I know right! 8D
I dont see how btches do it
:) I'm doing all right, trying to keep busy and waiting for softball to start! how bout yourself?
Dang there they go again
Had my first conversation with a Canadian who finishes sentences with 'eh' and wearing a jewish 'chai-pod' shirt
looking forward to it
Power in numbers - group blogs mean each person has to write less, blog gets more exposure.
follow me then
Couple of hours and my girlfriend will be in Nashville. For good. Or, at least til we find another place to work and live in.
I love seeing my kids happy
Thanks man!
I sure hope this is a good indication of our season. Go Skins! With you all the way!
On my way -SF for my show tonight. "Live In San Francisco" Starts at 9pm, pt. SF is so beautiful this evening. I have the coolest job! LM
i ship you with louis, you look kinda like eleanor:) x
Affirm that everyday is and will be a good day!
Night everyone
sorry I got bounced out - forced reboot of my computer due to software updates :( Hope you guys kept the fun going without me :)
#MyWeakness ; Food :D
Thanks! Hope you're having a BLAST in Wicked! And thanks for telling me about She's amazing.
too sketchy,
...I can't stop saying #kettlecorn in a high pitched voice. Scared.
feel dorky saying it, but I am so proud of you. You are super cool. :-)
Wheeler: Key to IU's etextbook strategy: publishers make more, students pay less. If faculty opt in, students pay content fee
Congrats to Roger Woods who became Big Apple Brits 500th member and got a $500 voucher to the BAB store! Wait til our 1000th member sign up!
RT : #DPLA unveiling 1st DPLA platform at #dplawest now. They're hoping developers build apps to do fantastic stuff on it
now that my rebel xt dies and i don't have any expenses lenses, maybe it is time to switch from #TeamCanon to
omg they lied about changing lololol
For some reason I want to be good friends with you
isn't that cool? thx for the RT So curious as to where he is now!
believe it!!!
I've decided that I might just take daily manual labor jobs off of Craigslist all summer
Where is that shit @???I hate putting things away when I'm Drunk cuz I end up hiding it fm myself!!!
If you put a frequent twitterer on a list to get them out of your timeline, do you have to unfollow them? Seems a shame.
Getting ready for Kelsey's birthday party. Theme is this year. w00t!
WHAT ARE YOU ON.
What's your favorite frosting? Milk Chocolate Fudge Frosting? Cream Cheese Frosting? Or Buttercream Frosting?
CHOICE.....ONE OF YOUR MOST POWERFUL ASSETS..CHOOSE TO EMPOWER YOURSELF WITH CHOICES YOU MAKE....live, love, laugh, learn, care, give, hope
hahaha complete ultimate fuckery to the fullest extent!!! I'd literally leave the country.
Happy National Dance Week www.nationaldanceweek.org pass it on!
I'm not stubborn. I'm just eclectic.
#Productivity is the easiest way to be indispensable in your work. How much time could you save if you knew your desktop programs better?
Swear to you that I started studying Spanish at 2:30 this afternoon....12 hours later and I finally feel so solid about this 8 am.
amen, girl amen 
yea freddie thomas
it was all
I'm presenting on Ancestral Praxis and Computer Science Learning towards communal wellness #aera2012 increased focus on
Had a great shoot today with the cast and crew of "The Hardest Love"!!! Thanks to All! What great fun! ;)
RT : Save on all inclusives, family vacations, Las Vegas and more also let me feel your #vacation needs
Happy Cinco de Mayo to the #LTDArmy! Can't wait to see you all at the "Unrest in the Midwest" stoner rock festival in Geneva, OH tonight!
haha  he loves us!!! But mostly me  lol jkjk
Soda tax? I don't think anyone would give up their drinks for ONE additional CENT!
or 'bottoms up' :P
What do you mean?(:
lol, aw I love you too slut
We think people who don't use turn signals should probably make sure they have good life insurance coverage!
what's wrong with being hyper? RT : Wow! I think I've gone a bit over board with the caffeine today! I might start going crazy!
hmm. must have been from the Snuff Convention.
where at? What time? Yeah I'm interested lol
INTERESTED IN BEING PROMOTED AT THE #FREECITIMEDIA IN JULY AUMA EDTION HIT US UP FOR MORE INFO **SERIOUS INQUIRIES ONLY**
Just started and I love it. But I can't decide what my first book request should be!! Any suggestions?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
RT : "Nothing is quite as funny as the unintended humor of reality." -Steve Allen
At least production crew came to Great Neck this summer & took aerial photos of Fitzerald's home & area said to be West Egg.
I'm glad you have standards.
tweet that pic!
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON #DATPIFF!
Nurieza, and Araceli. Love your photos on your facebook. Thanks for liking Booksicals! Happy and Healthy New Year!
Thanks! I just saw this. I don't understand this twitter business. How are you?
MEMPHIS IS MOVING TOO SLOW FOR ME! ITS TIME FOR A CHANGE!
#fridayreads audio: Horizon by Lois McMaster Bujold (book 4 of the Sharing Knife Series). Yes, it's a re-listen, can't help myself!
So I started using Tumblr. I feel like my social life is slowly dissipating... Or any life at all
living. being a human. listening to where i need to be...
How is the social media/perfume business lately?
Why isn't the #indians game on tv today???
so crazy is this thing we call "love".
I know theres a really good reason I don't engage in productive behavior until 9:31 pm on sunday night… I guess I'll figure it out later.
so hows the weather in brooklyn
the IMF and G8 continue with there debt terrorism. a new cable to speed trade by a 6 milliseconds = 100bil annually! sounds like looting
my weekend bouta be the ish
if u do get lost, visit us by the registration table to learn some things about old cell phones
Who has my birthday tweet "11:17" :)
actually i wish i didnt care at all
it has been awhile. How's life and ?
heheh do it :) u get someone famous following youh hehehehe
On my way to work
yes :( make me happy :)
If only and I could be #Alphamale's. :(
both? No need to move the boys.
Idk Its Just Something About Her I Don't Like ! I Respect Her But I Just Don't Like Her /:
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning when people wake me up for no reason
yes there is bro, im just happy to #PayItForward now
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself a fool.
Center watching my Nephew Isaac play at 1st intermission of Robert Morris & Ohio State
RT I'm pretty sure it's drive like a dickhead day. #getoffmyass Well put! Morons, more off than on.
ok I trying to get in on some conversations..u r the only person I tweet with
if hits another before june i will really be shocked
PAHAHA...TWITTER...Y U NO HELP ME STUDY?!
what time?Can we send in question to ask our leaders?
Ops! I don't have the download. Been listening from stream. Dang!
no, I connect in JFK.
Thank you! Will keep that in mind as I've only been up to Sonoma so it'll be my first time to Napa when I visit
Hurry up and give us a new song carly! <3
proud of you JB; keep working at it and be true to yourself ! how is the food over there ? You not losing weight ? lol
i was going to text at the red light, but it turned green as soon as i got there.
When says "My friend" >
oh shoot!
our NEW WEBSITE will be release tomorrow. It will also feature video tech charts from blackops!!!
If I am this tired moving at 35, I must make this my forever home!
Thanks for joining me from guys
Ok I tried... again... I just can't get into the new 90210 at all
And If She Talkin Slick . #HEADBUTTTHATHOE Just Cause She Aint Bout That LIFE !
the lady had me HYPE ova da phonee doee .. made me feel less of a BUM lol
I like you, Alot.
Heading to the mall
Awww. Welcome back stateside, cuz! I wanna hear all about it!!
Break legs & the rest of the cast in 's , opening tonight !
Haha alright in that case - Wimpy Kid, Dork Diaries, Big Nate, Magic Tree House...
I LOVE mac miller <3
it's seriously liberating!!!! And i don't catch myself wasting time looking at other peoples drama! :-)
Hey - I need to send you an email related to SW, but I seem to not have your address anymore. How should I reach you?
I'm gonna punch you in the gooch, Chris. ME and Zac! Duh! ;)
thx for our talk. #uncc's library redesign has been a hit: flexible furniture+white boards+connected study rms=inc collab&study
sorry man late on your bday.. but Happy bday! We all need to make a trip to NYC again and chill with you!
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites! Come follow us on twitter to receive special promotions!
My nail tech pimpin the sh*t out me. I went in 4 Diamond gel refill she send me out with the refill & diamond ring.
Martin Leach set to apparently give us a BROADacious (sp?) talk at
What are some tricks for making big decisions?
Can it just be Thursday yet?
The weather lately is even more schizophrenic than usual for Seattle. What's next? Locusts? Fire and brimstone? Actual cats and dogs?
Sorry, no, I only got one, and I'm keeping it.
My Lil bro is fuckin nasty
Don't forget about ! She stresses getting fiscal house in order to accomplish goals, motivate philanthropy
So is this weather coming or not?!?
Close to signing a deal with the Pats apparently
daughter.-b Don’t go to glean in another field. Don’t go elsewhere, but stay here close to my girls. 9Keep your eyes on the #Torah 34/99
Am I missing out on something having not read Fifty Shades of Grey?
yeah saw that. Where are you? I'm with group just below bar. Standing.
Depends, I guess? When did you see her last?
's spelling bee team out in R4 on "phlegmatic." fell to "penitence." R5: down on "verisimilitude"
Jake Cody and Sam Trickett Lead European Poker Awards Nominations
It's Friday!
RT Boost bar and diet coke , that shud wake me up :)
it's only been 373 days between tweets
That makes a "sad panda."
follow me !! (: i follow too
Good idea! :-) RT Touché ! Let's split time between both
So glad I got to meet you. Hope (both!) your speaking gigs were equally awesome. ;)
I disagree.
Our initiative will focus on the high schools with the largest concentrations of low-performing students to accelerate their success.
Online right now. Lake Shrine has mediation services on Sunday mornings- look into it. I've gone.
Only 15 mins until that great new #MothersDay tradition: The 3 hour season finale / wrap up of
Thanks for the 17 notifications, #Alphascope. Glad you're on top of things.
I got fat while I was in Miami :-( lol
And another happy birthday to Des Roar drummer/vocalist Lyla Vander - We don't wanna do you harm, we just wanna burn your name in our arm.
Life is short, think less and do more.
haha, nice. I had an ipod, but then it died:(
I love my daddy and momma I'm so spoiled lol but I deserve it :))
where you at?
the best day, lots & lots of love 💗
that would be Hartman wouldn't it? Use to be. Was with LA for a bit then in KC b4 Dallas. Also known as "el gato"
LMFAO ! This guy in the cafeteria was dancing..i think you can call it. it was hilarious!.
Feeling very sexy right now...
Im ok... lots to say, just not here. Lol Monday?
Sometimes I want to be optimistic, but every time I get too excited about something it never goes the way I hoped. Too emotional for this!
I try not to think about it to..long..I just Do the darn thang..it makes progress so much easier. ~Stacey Chatman~
Working on Cannibelle Christmas photos, doing laundry, and listening to anime while I work. Wonderful day!
Dear , You should follow me :). Pleasee?(: . I promise to be a true mahomie. Forever and always <3 -me(:
Hey....I heard you like the wild ones......
Starks is a hot mess today.
Rebecca's House of Coffee only place in a 100 miles 103 South Main Street, Elk City, OK 73644-5743 no website
Thanks for the #TT!
lmao! I know right!
The London Crew is back
How does one still have hs football dreams where he forgets his locker combination?
thanks I'm gonna stay on the hunt. I suspect there may be more to it.
Something tells me they're not going to show the replay of the check swing.
Just revisiting the idea that "I hope Brian appreciates UK". Nothing specific. Rambling tweet :)
Thank you for the mention and follow... XOXO <3
Also heard that Deerfield School District will be working with teachers on their handbook.
I hope the okc/mavs first round matchup stays put..
Damn, the game has me all charged up! Giants are Beasts!
Sweet bandana. It's a good look for you.
Then you need to do what you think is good for kids and their learning. Try not to worry about his opinion.
And the Good Rev Joe is just cool w/ those discrimination done in the name of his bigotry hiding behind his version of God?
I've been using clearomizers for about a month, I love em -not sure why people are saying that they are garbage?!?
. I dont think anyone is against micheal bush
Decorating the apartment for next year? RT : Just saw a Crate and Barrel truck and wanted to rob it.
If you score 5 goals in this #soccer league you lose? WWW.ussportspages.com
Wtf I really hate these braces theyre cutting my mouth
today's your day<3 I hope it's the best ever.
They say Andre Johsnon is the best in the NFL - I disagree. #CalvinJohnson is THE MAN. What a year!
so cute!
Subway Work Sinks Prices On East Side Some home buyers are hoping the short-term aggravations of Second Avenue subway construction will n
The sooner gets & JB a better time slot, the better. Best 1-3 hours on radio. Welcome back, Wojey!
yeah why can't I be the guy put the team on my back?
kicking ass and taking names! Life has been good. You?
haha no worries. Portland is painfully far away in June. Happy to reschedule whenever!
Are you still having the workshop/audition in each city your show visits?
Smirnoff is the sh*t.
does anybody know what channel the TCAs are on?
Showerflow in a bit
There's some fucked up people in my town... weirdest experience walking homee!
“Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will. - Nelson Mandela Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela - age 93 today!”
Fuck talkin bout it,just do it....
Thanks to all the young professionals who came out to our event last night at the game!
Ling Out L, right now. :-D
At opening & ribbon cutting for member Freebirds World Burrito in Hillcrest. Welcome to San Diego
Stock up! That's what I'm doing. Just need to figure out where I'm gonna keep a lifetime supply of khaki envelopes... ;)
thank you for your service to are beloved steelers we will truly miss your smile every sunday
Happy Birthday #StevieWonder!!
that's up to Kobe
#Top100Lies "Im Ok""
Dr. Pepper is the shit 💙
ate way too much amazing food this weekend...
#NATO protesters throwing rocks at cars... how peaceful of you
"A team with something to play for can be dangerous, but a team with someone to play for is unstoppable."- AR offensive lineman Brey Cook
Popularity and "being cool" stopped mattering just at the age when it consumes a lot of kids.
RT: 24hr Google Wave invite give away! 1000 invites! Follow & RT to get yours!
thanks Brim! Its easy to love your job when you get to work with great people!
We support pets, pet rescues our military apple pie, good coffee and anything with a hot engine!
Let's all make 2011 our best year yet. Greet everyone with a smile. A smile is understood by everyone at every age.
New arrivals on SALE! If your resolutions include being happier,healthier,and more financially responsible we have the right reads for you!
Michael floyd amd larry fitzgerald thats a dangerous combo
"Then don't indirect tweet about me!" Lol, you heard her
Writing, writing, writing. High hopes for the new beginning we're constructing.
you rock!! Thanks for being the driving force behind Junior Nation!
I'm slow.
It's about to go down. Love it.
Or "I'm thinking"... but then it's been years since I started to just "think". I must continue thinking until I see the light.
Ew, gross. Sounds like germ central.
Infinite Jest by DFW. Enigmatic, witty, & enigmatic characters + ensemble. Needed to concurrently use a dictionary
Before I met you, I didn’t know what it was like to look at someone and smile for no reason at all. ♥
Art is human....
So happy for you!
I guess I wasn't good enough for you and I guess I never will be.
20 new followers since yesterday! Thank you!! Maybe we'll reach 200 by the end of the week? Retweet :)
so upset, is literally 20 minutes away from me & i'm @ home....someday i will see them
Irony: Everyone going blind in the year 2020?
I can't believe "Bust it baby" is playing on my pandora right now .... LMAO
We have followers from all the way around the world! A big shout out to our international friends!
our good friend donated his unfinished so we are now getting a full kit made instead of just a snare!
Excellent work Josh.Keith Jones is right.I know it's harsh but I noticed the same things re:Rad.He can't be treated special.
:) thanks boo!
ironic but great that other ppl are better than me at talking about my work :-)
imma be right down the road from you, plus we both have sundays off now?
Post purchase "likes" drive 20% more ticket sales -
I have a love/hate relationship with my hair.
This bitch is high af in class Lmfao.
couldn't open a water bottle so I got a different drink
WorldShare Platform is " flexible, open access to library data through APIs and other Web service"
Yikes. Just left the dentist :0. He's so sweet, lucky for me. Feel like I need a pill of some sort !
Starting my course works today, got loads.
troy murphy sighting smh
naw you wont trust me its the youth service for ages 18-30 yu will be fine i promise
You know there's no such thing as ghosts, right? Or compassionate conservatives?
RT : Part 1 of our big interview with Lance Higdon is coming up at 1:30 pm. Something to take your mind off the rain.
Michelle Obama is speaking in Omaha today.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!!! <3 you miss you can't wait to meet you again in heaven someday
Got another AP test in the morning :P
it wouldn't be a pretty picture, that is for sure! Sorry - see you 2ish at the Meems!
When you're writing, in your head, who are you singing your song to?
Happy Hours on your phone? There's an app for that: www.gotime.com/mobile
Still, it's ouchy.
excuse me I'm trying to find my ball..... this is golf.
I'm the guy that cheats on Beyonce. Buy my album.
Happy Birthday! RT : Oh right! It's Friday! So follow because it is his fucking birthday, and he is the best.
More and more companies are deciding to translate their websites, corporate documents and company services into Spanish. This short...
Stupid #hawaii weather and it's bipolar issues.
Whats this? o.O
The Dark Ages was caused by the Y1K problem
want on campus to celebrate the release of her new book?She's one of the most popular campus speakers in the US, find out why!
RT The Spurs are gonna roll the Clippers.
Via Forrester: "value is not in amassing Facebook fans, it's what you do with them."
Six inch walker - big shit talker .
im just in my room alone shirtless like always oh yea im bout to leave to sleep
. You're not bringing anyone else are you? Like
My only complaints is that Rhodey should have a larger role & that Whiplash was a very weak villain. But hell he sucks in the comics too.
lots of people say this. like half of the people RT : Man, I sure hope Obama is re-elected.
didn't wear the Arodge belt, but if I did it wouldn't have biggest. Them there country boys were out last night.
Hated hated hated hated hated and I don't give a fuck.
The girls could only stand 20 mins of 11/27/97 before I got "carly your hippie music is putting me to sleep." Some just don't understand.
I'm looking to buy a 2009 Chevy HHR. Anyone out there own an HHR?
Goals make analytics useful.
hands down the Exorcist
When I listen to #NeverSayNever and then #Boyfriend it really shows how much you've grown up! :D
Are you a small business owner or an individual needing health insurance? We can help! Email us at or call 719-520-3232!
i have no words i dunno if i can bare to watch
the lounge at is better than mcdonalds playland :-)
Congratulations to on the launch of their redesigned website!
It's my first Mothers Dayy!!! #HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mothers out there. (:
careful with "reality" shows, I heard they are predetermined
Dear radio stations, you do realize there are more than just 5 songs in the world, right?
Ha! RT : Blackberry crashes for umpteenth time and when it reboots, Bing app mysteriously loaded.
I'M CHASING A DREAM THAT ONLY GOD KNOWS THE TRUTH IF IT COMES TRUE
your welcome! You deserve it dude! :)
I always get a warm reception where I go because I allow people to miss me.
I thought you were cleaning the downstairs sans twitter? want a takeaway?
hope the meet is tomorrow so i can run my, 100, 200 & 400! and do the long jump! :D
yeah girl
When there's 2 minutes left in the #bruins game. Im going to randomly call all my Bs fans friends...just to be a dick!!
cant sleepp, out and about.
Newsflash: The forum on faith communities and environmentalism on 3/27 at 7pm has been postponed until a June date TBA
#Sony finally restoring service, #PSN users must upgrade firmware and reset passwords!
#Greatfood is like great sex, the more you have the more you want
!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT : I just can't get into that tech-pop shit coming from r&b acts just to stay relevant.
good night
American soccer broadcasters need to get cameras, angles right to show us MLS tifo. I feel cheated and match from Jeld-Wen hasn't started.
Isn't NY soo amazing their pizza and hot dogs are legit!(: Hope your having fun!
You are the only person standing in YOUR way!
I know I missed TX
D3 loses by a larger score. Both teams have a lot to build on.
iPhone 5: What rumors are true about the phone and what rumors are false? Tonight on FOX 9 @ 9PM.
#FACT ": I'm only perfect on days that end with "Y"
RT - With the 123rd pick Team Lee selects Rashad Jennings Running Back Jacksonville Jaguars
Mwah thanks! You pitched in with that envelope tutorial, too. :)
I'm a good anon. xD
"My kind of team Charlie, My kind of team!"
Me too! :As a new reviewer e-galleys were the main reason I wanted an e-reader. Almost a professional rec.
Hey MASA! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
good job Matt ! Great listen
Q: In the last 6 months, how many of those FB pages have you returned to? A: 6-10
AND THEY INSTRUCT WELL ON HOW TO DESCRIBE SEX SCENES IN NOVELS
Yesterday, the tricksters were out in full force! We had several calls for help. We donned on our Superhero costume and saved the day!
When I mean massive I mean REAL big like one with an island for the valuables.
Think happy thoughts.
Tomorrow is gonna be a year since I met my idol and inspiration, Oh my goodness. I'm gonna cry!
1 headphone: BoyFriend other headphone: One Time<3
6:20 am flight, don't do it. Onwards
Bruce at the Garden in April is a must!
Quit spam tweeting me! It's mean!!!
Good Morning! We are so thankful for all the rain yesterday! It's absolutely a beautiful cooler day today! Did it rain where you are?
haha, I told you! But no now I live in Orlando. Arbor Ridge isn't the same anymore though.
its aliens shit happens
RT : thinking about our friends in Japan. xx Anna
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Living in Chicago and not having a car, I'd totally forgotten about truck stops. And their bathrooms.
what's the product strategy for #DBMS technology that incorporates the entire InterWeb? The only difference is scale :-)
Nice - Thx man!!
To that end, I want the time-stopping power of the half-alien girl from late 80s masterpiece Out of This World.
I jut love when my two year old cousin tries to take a shower with me
wait ok stop all the ali drama did joSH DO A TWITCAM WUT
: Very sorry, but that is playing at the , not
this movie The Janky Promoters wit cube , mike epps nd jeezy is funny as hell
“: brillion up 1...30 seconds ledt” your so nervous u can't type
we need more lemon pledge!
Happy Friday Tweeter. Happy #b-day Mr.
S/O to You have great Assets
you went to a Mexican restaurant on Cinco de Drinko. Blame yourself guru, blame yourself!
Or drop in a hazelnut Cadbury egg. RT : I may have to try 2 peeps next time, because right now this coffee tastes like sh*t.
“: Only 15 minutes left to enter our weekly #Giveaway! Answer today's #trivia correctly and you could #win! (trivia in Packrads)
Rat pack party! Join us 4/19, 6 - 9 p.m. Bleu Velvet: new cocktail debuts & cigars that Blue is introducing! RSVP
Remember remember the 5th of November.
love you too!!
lol thay dont mean squat! Whats his name? Age? And whats he like? He treating u like a queen? Do he hang in the streets?
Why do we love the ppl that hurt us and hurt the ppl that love us it should be the other way around
Losing hope of Austin finally noticing me/following. A year is a long time.
Do I get more Klout???
When its late & convinces you to buy Vegas bombs and says paying covers for random girls is a great idea
Didnt go to class this week. Its only the first week !
Have a gr8 three days. How's glenn's leg? Is he doing his rehab?
watching tv so bord :(
went to some hole in the wall empanada place. Was not too bad at all.
Quick-fix kale recipes, anyone?
Looking for #ThingsToDo in #Clearwater? TONIGHT at "ANCHOR ATLANTIC" LIVE 8-12am!
Thank you for yesterday's RT!
haha i had two and sold them both so i could buy xbox games. They're only like $60.
Great Healthy Eating article in about and our "La #Salud en Tu #Cocina" program.
We have a large collection of Chinese books on our lower level, and we do have some bilingual books as well.
Thank you, Amy! I've been turning SNAP story angles around and around in my head all day.
where do you go?
#MPF12 Firms spend a lot of money on branding and spend all their enthusiasm. They run out of gas before they've had a first mtg w/ anyone.
"I hope you have a child just like you! You little bastard!" #ThingsMyMotherSays LoL
do you have any pictures of the dress to share?
If you've always wanted a KelTec PF-9, I'm selling mine with an extra magazine. DM for particulars.
Hi there! Understand we have a common interest in Romare Bearden! Looking forward to chatting next year!
you're transferring?!
it's a group
Always make stock in a large quantity and freeze it in plastic bags.
hello Justin from VA Beach, VA!
It's such a good thing to see true ICONiacz and GRANDerz obsessing over the ICONic Boyz and vinny like the first time
When I go home, its an easy way to be grounded. You learn to realize what truly matters. Tony Stewart
are you sure? Cus people are telling me different things..
#WordPress #Tools Codebox – Creates a side scrolling box for displaying code snippets.
I hope not!
That akward moment when your BF/GF see's a sexy/hot guy/girl while being with you and he/she's like "Woo s"
Time to purchase #MLBatbat BEST mobile app out there.
Want to thank everyone that came to Posh and Mirage last night to see Wale and to celebrate the VSU step show after party!!!!
so are 99 year old great grandma's ! Not as sexy but definitely kewl !
movie marathon with 1st up..Silence of the Lambs!
that was soo gross!!
#Way2Go!! RT : Michael Smith should immediately advance to the next round. Made the correct call on KG illegal screen that never...
Watching the minute hand , frozen silent not moving.
#Cats was awesome!!! You guys did amazingly!!! Great, great job y'all!!!(:(:
Good luck with the new car.Nissan makes a good product.
I'm headed to 3yr old's Bday today, will try 'the Oprah' out on him. RT “: Every time I give someone a gift I yell like Oprah.”
We have our CD release coming up November 13th! November 15th the CD will go live on all major online stores! (iTunes, Amazon, etc)
subleasing out my one bedroom in midtown Manhattan. who wants to live in the coolest city in the world?
Happiness is an attitude. You can choose to be happy or miserable. The amount of work is the same.
Getting to the point I hope the barn doors fall off and they eat half the cast LOL :P...
what is pep'e
I'm obsessed with Miranda Lambert's new album. Baggage claim is awesome! :-)
Thanks for the follow. I read a couple of your blogs and thought they were excellent--I just posted one on my FB page!
Haha, guilty. I go through phases though.
I honestly don't mind texting you first. I just can't be doing that every single time
twilight won ever thing @ mtv movie awards
if that's the case i say thumbs up to a nap in the office. pretty sure my supervisor would not appreciate that though
I love crying in the rain. because when i do, no one can hear the pain......---
Ya I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Great health tips for baby boomer guys on my health blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
#ronpaul Can win! Watching the Debate Tonight! Big fundraiser for him tomorrow!
My mom when talking about our 3.5 m/o washer that's broken..."You try calling them. You're way more ornery than Adam." Thanks mom...
Complimentary upgrade to a room with air conditioning at the Hyatt Regency Chicago?
Tamron Hall smacks down RW idiot. You go girl!!!!
I like to think of them as Beliebers.
And they lose again...
To the dome
Titanium is often chosen for its longevity, durability, strength, low weight, and corrosion resistance
An entire day of #topgear followed by
Divine sitting behind Clooney.
You Is Not Da Father.,! Here Dis Female Go Crying Nd Running Off Da Stage You Just Said He Was 100% My Babyee Father.,?
glad I'm not the only one -thanks!
#Travel savings available to #Timeshare owners that want out of their contract
Studies show that there is a direct correlation between the amount of time spent on financial education and Net Worth.
Up and running at about 6:30 am. Emailing my client in Isreal. I get such satisfaction helping my clients. This is what I was meant to do.
Oh, here I was deleting cache and cookies and all that good stuff. Hope it gets fixed quickly!
God made man before woman so the man would have time to think of an answer for the woman's first question.
I've been in Vegas all weekend, and I have yet to meet a person who is rooting for Floyd Mayweather tonight
Now wait, which one of you is the REAL perfectionist! :)
Ugh so annoyed.
I was like oh psh maggie I see how it is
Bought coconut milk for my apple cinnamon Cheerios. Yippiee!
Disappointments are just God's way of saying I've got something better in store
#WhyILoveFAMU I met my hubby there, in front of Foster Tanner, during a fire drill, in 98!
Life is very short and what we have to do must be done in the now
So fucking close to killing this fucking cat
Proverbs 31:30 ; Wow, that is something. I want to be that kind of woman.
Wedding that's pushing it hun!!!
Amber Ice
#seinfeldderbynames real and fantastic. Phantom spitter. Fat free custard. Chang. Latex salesman. Wear the ribbon
This guy next to me seems to be telling the girl he's with the complete history of WWI.
thank you for sharing this! It sounds like so many stories I've heard.
Really great hearing about FeelRich initiative promoting fitness & nutrition for urban audience
I agree, but many will take every opportunity to disagree with someone they oppose, even for weak reasons.
Can't just tell her, show her.
Mik! you look so BEAUTIFUL in your prom dress <33 i love youu and i am pumpedd for the six flags kick-off concert on JUNE 3RD!
I hate when someone calls you and you and answer theyre like who is this? I'm just like are you kidding me? you called me. annoying. -.-
It's coming soon! :)
You know what ,your talk is cheap just like you .
Life is crazy and if you don't laugh your ass off at most of the idiotic things people do..you may very well turn into an idiot yourself!!!!
Wat r u doing?
Hopefully we have this great of weather for the block party on May 5
Thanks Dina! We love you too.
yes it is - times a-changin' - little sad but also an opportunity.
Need to read the Time Travelers Wife again.
Mardi gras facts on #wisn12 the official colors are purple green and gold. Stands for justice faith and power
Wheat Thins YUM (:
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
Took two core reference classes at Central today. Ask me anything about Health Resources or Children's Reference Materials.
he is my eating partner at night . I hate having dinner by myself and my mom doesn't eat past 5pm .
where? Connecticut possibly...ahah i wish
nevermind, we don't have it!
Yes! I love Pinterest! You?
No human being believes that any other human being has the right to be in bed when he himself is up. R. Lynd Happy Sunday!
I have probably missed a few. The first one I read was Tim Blair's in 2004.
New Obsession: C2O coconut water. It's luxury and healthy hydration in a can.
Relationships are about give and give, not give and take. You know you are with the right person, when they give as much as you.
better follow back p.s. im watching your vid. right now<3
beat me to it.
10 more minute and I'm out the door
-- If you have a tudor/homeschool, every day is like Saturday or Sunday.
Happy Birthday Trey Parker!
Messge me, im bored
Took 2 hours to update my iPhone but totally worth it!
Thank you needs to go out to all the wonderful people at STONG CHILDRENS HOSPITAL AND NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF HEALTH. you know who .you are.
So this Heat team might win in 5, eh
Nothing like the smell of a packed 47 bus during rush hour on a rainy day.
Feel like I need a nap. Gym later. Let's lose five pounds before tomorrow?
Now following ...Hi! Thanks 4 following!
Have a great weekend ! Please extend best wishes for a great weekend on behalf of Central Region
wait...you like him?
should they also have mustard in them?
My 2yo son begs to go to the Aquarium. Turns out he's only into the ramps & escalators.
RT : We lost our 2 cancer yesterday.
much respect to y'all keep pushing music is dope
Got to call that pass interference. C'mon ref
So how did you bring in the New Year?
For many salons, investing into a great internet marketing strategy has proven to be the best investment ever made!
and endoscopy yes. Very ugh.
Had been using m.check.in to plug into multiple location-aware services, now it's gone. Luckily works better (now on Android)
EEk - almost looks like it came stuffed with feet!
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
My pleasure... that was a great post. :) RT : thanks for RT
even if it's just the retina display, that's a hell of an update.
I presume you mean the cabdriving part and not the book-signing part. … Congrats?
GO HARD HE AIN'T BULL SHYTING
You're welcome!
as you should :)
Congrats! Can't wait to hear about it. I should be able to swing by ... see you then!
some body that has officially become a non factor
It feels nice to call you mine <3
haha, true! seems like just yesterday that we were trying 2 figure this crazy Twitter thing out :) hope u guys are well!
20% OFF RED TAGGED SHOES AND APPAREL UP UNTIL SUNDAY 4-29-12
Great voice message @ yer office!
We just use our favorite recipes & add Yummy #cannabis goodness for patients to enjoy!
haha i knew it!
I'm sitting in the car with my seatbelt on
Hi Cedar! :D
Give a tweet tweet for We have tons of great lunch deals for FiDi!
always picking fights you are :)
#WiseWords Suicide,a permanent solution for a temporary problem, Always think before you do something &remember things are gonna get better
Just got done rockin Rockford!!!!
LMFAO this kid is in the back of the car singing along to a song and he don't even no it
well, not me
Woke up this morning and though BEACH TIME!!!!
I agree. This is a mess. Team can't keep playing from behind!!! NEED PITCHING!!!
first OSU safety task force meeting over...members refuse to comment...university spokeswoman says no one will be commenting for now
enjoy your time while u can, the real world can wait!! Trust me. Lol
AM bikram yoga - #dedicated #crazy #crazydedicated?
when are we going to connect and hang out?
Amazing panel at Philadelphia BMA -Channel mnarketers from. Motorola-Subaru- Braun Medical
Can't wait to see I miss those "sessions" w/ her. Lol
I'm going to do the Ashevile half in September. You doing it this year?
Yup there it is...he's wearing the mask
I did it!!! Finished my first 5 k!!!
Thank you, Billy!!
Love isn't a necessity ,still nice to know someone will always be there to hold you down
Albert Fish, Ed Gein, and Dr. Satan are highlighted... Lizzy Borden is also shown briefly
perfect for at home moms...www.millionaireminds.org Free discount texts with an unparalleled opportunity attached
I'm glad you're good. I'm too. Oh, okay. How come? What have you been up to today?
Who and i feel you bro GQ
Someone once asked why I have so many projects. I replied, cuz if I didn't I would lose my mind, LOL!
. has one of the best twitter follower/number of tweets ratios in the game right now.
Good job Croce cut out the Cancer
has the most amazing ideas (:
That actually meant a lot. Thank u so much<3 :)
Saugatuck on memorial day with my friends....
RT if Demetria saved your life. ♥
Seems my bladder still thinks its hilarious to wait until I'm comfortable in bed before voicing it's need to pee.
RT haha, good shit. I think he said he was dropping instrumentals and acapellas for the whole album, I t...
Gave speech today using Pages and found scrolling distracting. What app suggestions do you have for speaking from your #iPad?
Happy Holidays from the Dish :)
Getting a new house in San Antonio.. we've run out of room in this one : )
I love my life, and it is my dream to help you love yours...
please follow me i love u so much
What up big homie!
~ Awww, that's sad! Your heart should always stay open :)
Thanks for following Suburban Cowboys! NEW YEARS EVE at MAVERICKS in MUNDELEIN!!Giving away Brad Paisley tix!
Norfolk State just beat Missouri 86-84 in the NCAA Tournament. Congrats to the MEAC and all HBCU's
According to our unofficial survey, the most attractive people in this city are at In case you need an excuse to show up
On the search for
not sorry you're in the convo at all, but deeply sorry to hear of the cuts.
Sometimes I lay in bed looking at the stars & I wonder... Where is the ceiling?
Portland Public Library hosts the Library of Congress' traveling exhibition in Monument Square. September 2nd&3rd from noon-8:00pm.
We do now!
How do I cancel a quest from Papa Smurf? I accepted it before I realized that it required paid content. Now I'm stuck.
Thank you for having my collateral question answered. Much appreciated!
Actually, you can email our GM Nick at - We will need some info about CFS. Thanks!
RT : *looks at clock* yeah its about that time.. ◄ lmao shut up no its not haha
I wonder how many people in this class are actually paying attention... I'm looking around and I only see facebook
Whose yo daddy
good thing: locking an interview time w Sen. Ducheny Bad thing: it's thursday at 11am. So now i have to drive today. Is i-5 the best way?
I nee to chill out.. Im goin crazy rite now
i know right ! So whats upp ? :)
Softball tournament :D
I'll leave it alone then...
he probably does, but still a bummer..I like watching him pitch.
Stale Faced Yo Ass . Thats Was a Dumb Question lol
Looks Like Imma Be Limping All Day!
Im so gonna sleep onw lol
Ok, you get like 12,000 cool points for that shot with the incomparable Dick Gregory!
Thanks for the #FF!
I really want to watch War Horse on demand to finish my Oscar best pics, but it's long and probably very horsey. I'll watch it one day soon.
I Don't trust people who take cameraphone pics in the mirror all the time, but got different phones every couple of pictures.
Wecome to California Coast Credit Union.
I haven&#39;t got my learn on this early since college
I hate running.
I order another mint julep & the waiter laughs at me.
Happy Mother's Day, ! I'm honored and blessed to be one of your eight children! I love you!
Um 's spring band part on April 28 features Beach Fossils. Who's coming with me?
We have re-assembled The Trigon Trifecta & we are heroes.
hey follow me too :'D
Departures Salon Series 4/27 starting at 5pm with ASTRONAUT Mike Mullane and live music from Aaron Lewis
Three words to describe my walk to : Beware the puddles.
Whenever someone asks me how old I am I always pause in thought. Yo no se sometimes.
say what? No love for moi?!?
Hahaha, good to know. I do too. :P Lmao, tmi. I'm gonna shutup now.
you looked hot tonite on the show btw :-)
pretty good!
hit me up when you're here. we can drink whiskey and shit.
AND I....NO THAT HE WONT BREAK MY HEART...ITS TIME....TIME FOR US TO SETTLE DOWN... #CIARA....and I
#ItsInsaneHow most people would rather do something to you than to do something for you
Forgive the self-promo: We're having a "Boston: Inspirational Women" book party on 01/18 at Elisha Daniels Boutique 6 p.m. Please stop by.
New job, new city: who should I be following on Twitter for Portland news & PNW library stuff?
Chasing my sister barefoot in grass > im wearing sandals and she didnt think i would do it >:)
Finna text random people in my phone.. I must be bored
#WhitneyCNN I can say. "Once upon a time in my lifetime I was touched by the person and spirit of Whitney Houston"
Three some of chicks in front of us. Fml
best of luck for tomorrow's TM
No wonder why I can't get a RT!
You all have three choices
I want those pants but ill have to get a sz bigger cuz they'll be too skinny lol
good lookin out appreciate the support
I'd rather just stay at home, talk to you nshit...
hahaha thank you but I am not cute. I am a tan, fist pumping, shore crazy, hair gel dude.
it's very charming.
you definitely should! it's going to be a sweet show :)
might be developing a thing for rainboots.
Hope you aren't hurting too bad & have a speedy recovery!
why thank you. :)
I hate when I do this. I came home, ate dinner and fell asleep. Not it's 1am and I'm wide awake. Stupid naps.
Mcdonalds getting to damn high n they food aint all that good nomore for the lil shit they give u now
are you by a girl with a sign?!
Well, there's a Mum's day vibe -- where applicable.
samesies. Heard it last night at the end of the movie "Warrior". Of course it's been in my head all morning.
