Everyone's at the beach and I'm getting ready for work. Cmon man.
WHOSE GETTING THEIR HAIR DONE FRIDAY?!??!?!??! This girl right here!!! 💆💇💋
alright cool, I'm coming.
Yep that was a foolish comment Tebow led the Broncos its a shame how they treat Tebow if they let him alone he simply WINS
Many girls are excited about Justin #Bieber. I think hes OK but not #crazy about him.
Chase Hammond scores the first spring game TD for the #Badgers since 2010. Caught the ball at the 2 and muscled his way in. 7-0 cardinal
Thank you, you too!
Follow Gudda SLAY On Twitter an I'll Follow Back
send some pics
Feeling happy and hopeful tonight!
liked. Start following people that share things you find interesting and you will start to learn ;)
i love revenge when she gets revenge
Make a turbine with KidWind and ride a bicycle with Xcel Energy today during GREEN ENERGY DAY! Open until 5!
Stepped on a splinter this morning.. >_<
Just had the pleasure of using my paltry Arabic skills to unravel mysterious scribbles for a coworker.
Cookies and milk or cookie dough and milk? That is the question.
TAT chart setup technical swing play building
yes Tom what time works for you??
Plus, I heard we're going to be giving away some CDs! ;)
its raining... 
thanks a million supastar!!!!
Daughter: "Is that Lady Gaga?" Wife: "Twenty-five years ago, yes."
Unashamed of Christ
Jersey shore tonight cant wait. 
Blame Canada.
My aunt just died and we laughed and celebrated her life. I feel it's similar when we do it with celebrities. We just lack personal stories.
CAN'T STOP WON'T STOP!!!!
just because the video came out two weeks ago, doesn't mean you shouldn't care anymore!!!
The Pauly D project? YES.
It's not too late to get a gift for Valentine's day. So come check us out!
one upper.
- stellar news!
I don't pop pills . Its stupid . Did my doc rly tell me to take this ? Its for med reasons.. Make my tummy feel better -_-
#itsuckshavingayoungersiblingbecause you can't say "blah blah was being mean to me!"If there like more then 3 years younger then you
A gorgeous day and just finished a great workshop with Kendra Castleberry who now also casts :)
Love you #6DAYS BITCHES
Stay strong #OccupySeattle and
Glad to see at least one Alpha feels this way RT : The ladies of are #1 in my book..
and you didn't get stopped? Lol
im going tonight to see Celtic Thunder with my bro, i cant wait.
hehe :) and your stressin like cray right now from what I'm seeing lol. why you stressin?
Sorry, the contest is only for people dining out for
Looking good!
MINOR/MAJOR - TV ON THE RADIO TOUR doesn't feel like a short because there was such a massive volume of satisfying content
#youcantdateme if you won't treat me well
Tonight we discuss imperative affirmation w/ our students at 8pm est on #schools2life chat with prepare to succeed!
Thanks, will check it out.
Wanna do a shoot soon for online ads <3
Just made my business cards with B :) bomb bomb bomb
enjoying the ordered, re-centering calm of Monday.
The sad part is..... while we talk about #s, youtube views, iTunes, "Coolness"...ect.......talent isnt a factor anymore =(
Don't get offended, I'm not a "crazy", but I had a dream you sat on my face. That is all. Good day.
Trying to make my own path...#lifeistooshort>
": makin #Bacon this week have several fresh bellys" Making bacon is on my todo list! Sounds amazing!
Ugh! I miss him :(
realist on twitter...sure..
Ewww this guy is fat and bald, let me go throw up...
Josefina, this time they blogged shrewd, artful, and designing
I know that there's a place for me somewhere out there.
When my star class throws me a surprise party >>
Worst call of postseason leads to 14 pt swing in favor of Packers.
head ass lol I can't help it if people enjoy my company
We finally have a twitter, facebook, myspace, and other sites! check out our Demo, Diamond Sonata
because you take care of your business don't take school and life for granted
SEI Family Services helped an amazing 83 families keep & re-unite w/their children in foster care! And the year is only just starting.
Thanks Nina! Still making some tweaks but it's got a bit more personality than the last one. :) Now taking subscriptions too!
Lmaoo! "Stop bumpin the table" ha and yes if it goes on tour we're gonna be groupies and follow every city lololol
Thanks for the follow have you liked us on facebook as well? =]
Im done wit groupie bitches im on my 2008 meezy #heartless watch me change up
This is not a good way to start Black History Month!
what! Building relationships is not "real work". I guess u just hit the "easy" button and money appears. LOL!
It would've been the 3rd D:
I love fudge! Yum! Yum!
Buying #dangerouslydelicious right now! You should too
What are they gonna do now? What will they charge me with? Where's my ID? Where's my "SOCIAL TREATMENTS FOR DEPRESSION, EH???"
well, i'm sorry, i didn't know it would bother you so much. if it's any consolation i can't get the Rush fans to stop tweeting at me
Taking a detour to stop at the on my way home, to pick up some giveaway prizes for our donation drive.
Very good news. By the way both test for my prostate cancer came back negative so now we can treat it. Look forward to meet you.
would love to meet up at the event, come by our table
80's + 90's Party @ Club Curves. Hip Hop All Night. Say Jazzy at the Door. Cohibas Nite Club 110 Broadway Long Beach 90802. Packed Out!
lmfao why do I put <3's ... I'm so unprofessional.
Sole purpose of marketing is to sell more to more people, more often and at higher prices. There is no other reason to do it
um... I clicked on it and it took me to a porn site... are you trying to tell me something?? LMAO
You'd have to ask someone who still works there. My last day was Tuesday. Sorry for the late reply, no access.
4 Days until #atxunscripted arrives in #Austin. So much to do before then. eek!
Lead by example, you're always influencing someone with your actions!
1 bar in the cell phone lot at Tampa Int'l... what would u hash tag that comment w/ ?
I've always said Winkie Frownie, because it's disturbing to read. It's like a sad/sexy version of a brownie.
excellent plan. touch base Saturday morning: we run around with gymnastics & guitar but are usually home by 11:30...so noon?
What up Menage!
Thanks for the follow! If you are doing Super Bowl ad coverage or any other brand analysis, please keep us in mind.
this body's closed until further notice, wondering to close will get you nowhere fast.
// love it
The Giants quarterback has a head of a lightbulb-_- #nooffense >:)
We love Las Vegas! Keep Music alive and strong there! Thanks Las Vegas!
OMG! I am making those next week for sure. Just ordered a donkey cookie cutter. :)
One of those days where I just wanna cut my hair off again
IT dashboard brings together data so people can find it - including visualization of existing data into consumable form.
You don't bring your book to class, then you want to ask a bunch of questions. Come on man
most users are not contributors; why? Tools to contribute to #OSM suck! Fix it!
you did so great!
I love you I couldn't make it through the day without seeing your beautiful smile!😊
On this date in local history, Jamestown native Lucille Ball passed away in 1969. We will always love Lucy!
Well that's awesome. He has to be expecting the obvious questions re Shurmur & WRs. Hopefully he's ready to answer them!
is Facebooking and wondering what can twitting do
Thanks very much guys. It means a lot to me.
I'm using the map inside a NOLA guidebook I got from the library.
sorry, but somebody needed to tell you that your an attention seeker. i'm glad i said most of that to you. #gtfo outta here nasty bitch
You know your friends are asshats w/ a camera when they sharpie make up on u when u sleep, take pictures, and then photoshop/facebook them.
#FollowReader How did I forget this new NF fall release... my boss's book: LE FREAK by Nile Rodgers!
Can't believe how many people like #paranormalactivity3.. should be interesting to see how #Joost & #Schulman handled their directorial gig
I break myself…a piece of Oatmeal Raisin Cookie.
- or guesstimate
OMG! What a cute dog!!'' *Gets Closer* *BARK BARK BARK BARK* ''Fuck you too then
21 minutes until the game starts. Let's get a W tonight!
e gads, Fergie
is too
Bothered by phone booth and little free libraries (birdhouse-like)... WHAT??? What about access to all? Totally disagree right now!
Last week before end of quarter = cram/make up week.
Hanging w/ #2 Son who is recuperating from surgery. He has introduced me to tosh.0. I feel my brain cells dying in vast numbers.
poor guy!
I am secretly dating #josh #hutcherson . He just doesbt know yet. ;) so bitch back off!!!!
If you write a book on Greek warfare, I feel it is a given that there'll be Corinthinan hoplite helmet on the cover. I count 5 on my shelf
handover that hangover to the gods of the morning! Salutations after much of the same, sans the wine. On a train, though.
It's happening! Save the Date: January 13-15th
I know ;) text me babeh!
Its so funny. How you think you're great & that I'm like the rest of your exes, when I think the same bout you.
don't know the song but very nice! i'll RT 4 u to let the fan club hear also.
Fun times!!!
About to experience SLEEP NO MORE. Thanks for being so popular/in demand that you couldn't use your ticket
I haven't actually bought something on itunes in years
Check out our latest post on our Technology blog! | Site Monitoring At With Graphite - j.mp/jW8AbR
Take every breath God gave you for what it's worth
Is mad that and I covered the hole in the wall? We only tease the ones we like!
The bus stop is so lonely today O.o
“: Baseball is theater for the sports minded person.” More like Jeopardy
jus wrapped up final cut on kalii new song bout to write this 2nd verse on this hot song i been working on!!
Just like a shoe, if someone is ment for yu, they will fit perfectly: no forcing, no struggling, no pain <3
Performing tonight at 8:30 pm-Pasadena peeps come on out...or Glendale peeps...or Burbank...ok u get it.
Video shoot this friday:30pm who wanna be in it?
They say KeyKey, you kept it too real for'em
I am more poorly organized than the last Lilith Fair.
why are you so sweet ?:)
we're working on it!
cool! thanks for the info
- Happy Birthday!
mine neither! one of these days I will learn the art of espresso. For now, a pile of foamed milk on top is as fancy as it gets
THANK GOD UR ON! CAN U PLZ FOLLOW ME!! I BEEN BEGGING SO MUCH! #TEAM MAHONE <333
Bill Bedgood, the basketball coach at Sherman Oaks Notre Dame HS for seven years, has resigned effective the end of the season.
I'm happy to see that decent liberals, like #EricBoehlert, #JoshMarshall, and
no worries-just checking! have a great day!
OMB 4more days untill JUSTIN BIEBER BOOK COMES OUT:) im bored lets talk:) eating SOUR PATCH KIDS XD follow me
hey!! Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner. I had TONS of homework!! :)
Could have paid $21
- thanks for the kind words. I will check on the mic. I assume you checked Apple store?
Hey!(: who won?
interesting ride ill say
nutella and apple sauce… not as good as I'd originally thought it would be… >_<
Hanging out at #ESX2010 - Don't forget to stop by booth # 314 and say hi!
Sade tickets.... while supply last
Cold world, down blanket.
hopefully soon! We are releasing our new album soon, and then we hope to do some touring again :)
Today's writing tip: A new year calls for new visions including visualizing yourself finishing that story you started last year...
: Condolences to you and your family. Thank you for your extraordinary strength during this time of mourning.
ok boo:) you have the digits right?
Oh that's right I'm seeing the avengers tonight :D IMAX and then I'm gonna paaartay
I can help you get noticed! message me for more info!
The Circle of Sorcerers is undergoing audiobook production. Should be available in December. :)
I'm so bored ): can I twit till tmrrw mawning ? Hahaha !
!!WANTED!! Chicago bands for Shows!
'Briefcase' was filmed on a Sony EX1 over 5 days, w/ locations in Hollywood, Santa Monica, Venice, & Marina Del Rey
God, this team, seriously...
Haha you sure?
change your PW!! Don't click on links in DMs. (direct messages)
is next level.
thanks boo 💜
Le tired
not to mention there are a hand full of side series that follow that same continuity
A4 Hahaha. Does dancing on the tables at count? (Guilty).
Such dramatic percipitation.
no thankfully. Just sitting in that garage made me feel sick haha. Life has been life for once. I've been going out a lot more :)
Putting on ballet shoes tonight after a whole month felt really really good...glad to be back :)
I might have to watch.. I don't follow hockey a ton. I honestly don't know too much about it haha
#somefactsaboutme i am a HUGE LAKERS FAN and KB24 FAN!!!!
haha what was his recommendation
agreed! Beautifully articulated!
That nasty ass salad from Publix... I'm mad af now.
Fuck what you thinking
Please see because it will rock your world. Beautiful work!
Show this thurs at The Grape Room in Manayunk. 8pm. Be there.
hey you! If you happen to be in town, I have a show tonight. Just wanted to send you an invite. :)
I'm done worrying about what I can't change. Only God can do that! My focus is what I can change in regards to myself!
you're okay now
hi (: can you please follow back? Your absolutly AMAZING<333
reading about making money.
Another day of sound mixing Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie. You folks are gonna love this movie.
Have a great #ACL weekend. Stay safe, enjoy the great music. If you need to talk to Mary don't use a flame use a vap instead. Fire = no good
I wish people could just be happy for me that I'm happy and stop trying to bring me down.
I don't even know what I want anymore
(: Aye Your Welcome You Know I Stay Keeping It 100
OH Lord. I had no idea he would do that to reporters.
Our first Spoken Word! God is good!
Home is the Moron from the fray!
We were just talking about this in our office this morning.
extra long & extra expensive, since it's in 3d lol.
Haven't posted in a while. Doing a job search right now Seattle. Know of anyone looking for a great Ops Mgr or Acct Mgr? Send them my way
New versions of Remote Conductor and Conductor Server are available now. Bug fixes and enhancements to custom folders.
I'm such a nice girl, I don't know why some people just don't give me a chance ..
Not even joking. I was laughing out loud. It was hilarious. The entire episode was brilliant.
Great blog. Sounds like you have a lot of things going on. I'm sending a review request. Congrats on all your achievements.
Have a great day!
i bet you'll be at joyrich within a week,lol!!!
I found out I was expecting. Due July 5 live the morning sickness. Not! I joined Facebook you should look me up.
great things! RT : think i'll clean off my dresser & call it a night... no telling what awaits me when i walk into 7478 tomorrow
I want a girl who stays out too late and when I call, she doesn't answer the phone
just your bitch taking your coffee order 😘
I'm I'm Atlanta bitch.
I used to like birds. Then my grandpa's bird turned mean and vicious after he died and attacked me. Since then birds hate me
Royksopp, particularly the song "In Space" . Brother Ali, jr and ph7, and dnb is always fun.
Take off with the CMA awards flyaway promo and sweeper
How are you going to make it with two game sevens? I'll be here to support you!
Tonight's ep of #PLL was so intense!! I was so scared for the girls just watching it! Lol
It's like they're pantomiming kissing someone and just happen to be bumping their faces together.
My heart hurts and I'm shakey. Bleh
Congratulations to our Domestic Grant winners MIT's Fighting World Hunger and North Carolina Millennium Development Project!
That is cool! I like that technique. Also liked the slideshow / carousel techniques you demonstrated. #cool and
9am in Dallas.
Update from karting's Florida Winter Tour... RT : On the pole again in DD2 Rotax. Lots of fun in the rain.
Reverb working quite well today. Next step: cleanup.
cried her eyes out watching the final episode ... What a clifhanger... :(
looks like you guys are on to something big! Staying tuned for announcements!
goal! Go caps! Boop!
Was falling asleep an hour ago and now I'm WIDE awake O.O
RIP Captain Phil Harris. We all miss you!
Do you not know what Death in Venice is? Google it, then try and tell me that Usher as Gustav and Justin Bieber as Tadzio isn't hilarious.
Haha!! Your too cute!
Be sure to tune in to 190 North tonight at 11PM on ABC! I'll be on to talk about during the 190 Cyber Surf segment!
just win, baby, win.
we're looking for a suite. Any suggestions?
kicks are on the way!
are you coming today?
Feb.16th,6pm,Newark Schools' Cami Anderson will be mting School to discuss its closing.All in the community will be affected.Learn how.
you're an artist? mostly artists are on the mac side...
I feel like I can't take no more GN y'all - it's still a !
My sisters and I may or may not be singing karaoke at a random bar on Fremont Street.
I made my 6:15am flight! :)
OMG POLAND. I WANNA GO THERE ONE DAY !! I love the winter. Poland, Russia. Omg. <33333
I live in Portland. I enjoyed the Portland auditions. Will the "Idol" summer tour make it to the Rose City this year?
Saturday it was a Sri Lanka New Year celebration with curries, daal, & coconut rice, followed by Lao and Thai street food for dinner.
which gym?
A Wonderful Life: Rolling with the changes
Girl mad at me again.
Does anyone know if Moz Thunderbird has an easy backup maker like Outlook and the .pst file?
o i like
M . that's just like fresh water
Anyone Puzzled by #Westlife's tour poster.?? I'm Baffled !! Mad max 4 ? or is it the 4 Arsemen of the apocalypse???
I really need to start going to school everyday man.
alright then long as you knew my dude
It's been a good day if you're a political gossip columnist
Oh I think that I saw before she looks familiar. I think that u introduced us a while ago. Hi
Thank you Twitter for (once again) being over 30 minutes faster than CNN Breaking News. RIP Davy Jones. Your musical genius will be missed.
What is a dogs favourite school subject? "Dog-Ruff-E "
Indeed.Some dont like CJ's I've seen a lot of the artist's work. He does Chiefs caricatures all of the time. Amazing stuff.
My condolences go out to you and your family.
I like Target so I hope they make it right.
Nope, new highlight. My first grammatical error (that I know of) on the Twitterz. "Is", not "are".
if you know the Gazette people can you let them know that the June and July issues are missing from their site? Thanks!
Don't drink Coke anymore, they just said they won't run any ads during Glenn Beck.
They say your penis is related to shoe size. Well, that makes the fear of being raped by a clown much scarier.
Why not follow me on Facebook as well? Trying to grow a strong social media with spirited awaken people with uplifting tips and posts.
No #OKCTrivia tonight - but to make up for it. We're bringing you 100 Bones TONIGHT from 8pm - 11pm!
The Hunger Games: Best. Running Man Re-Make. EVER!
“: I remember when we couldn't play a show without getting iced like 5 times on stage. #Smirnoff haha”lol how silly was that shit?
Cross in the middle of the street while the cars r flying
Happy Mother's Day to my mom from your favorite (and only) son!! I love you!!
At bdubs watching #Bruins game and #RedSox Common boston!
Nike Grapevine has you keep going...
lemme know how that goes?! i have to get mine done memorial day weekend!
Rockin Suspenders today with my suit in the office, feelin so fly and in charge!
Which tweet? As my favorite San Diego reporter I have been in various cities and good tweets sent to you too! :)
What did you say?!
last night was an exception I wanted to wear
Found in Reference Universe: “Jane Goodall in Africa” in The Encyclopedia of Women's Travel and Exploration
Please talk to me about your client's project management needs
Sometimes "Fuck You" is the best answer. But not always...sadly.
This song is all day in my head and it's the first I downloaded!Any other good music?(:
if you're at #dreamforce take a photo of the expo,upload to and earn cash. Its that easy.
Now recruiting State Directors!
yes & are more prevelant during events such as #smacsrit If hashtags are established 4 users more users will participate
“: You know whose Behind The Music I'll be most amped up to see... Kanye, duh.”>>>omg yes!
yo get this bumb from Miami guiterez off! He is horrible and has never known sports, he sucks. I love TBow,and DThom nt md
Waiting at Panda for some potstickers. It is the only reason I'm here, I shall wait.
how many people play football or someing eles
You're welcome Heat fans. He's 2 for 2 since my tweet.
check out this week's tomm, i'll be in it!
thank you for the love, Doug!
#UN on #Syria: #Syrian government attacks on civilians amount to crimes against humanity.
Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations. Expect the best of...
guys these days are such pussies
You can call me a flirt, but when I'm in a relationship, I'm one faithful and loyal person
how's that new parking space? We're glad you highlighted parking issues, a lot of people don't seem to think so.
I love your videos and music! #ANDYOU!
ERROR CITY up in this game
I hate when people quote ignorant ass lyrics
I know exactly what you mean!! That's why I'm the one kinda taking over for that stuff! haha
4th Q! it's kinda chilly. Just sayin'.
Springfest in Ocean City this weekend
From Celebrity's to C.E.O's contact B.C.N. For all your contact needs.
Hi hater u hating I fly by u um waving.but n both um half man n amazin I spit da truth get da luit set back n smoke on dis fruit CHUBSTACKS
siteonmobi thanks for following me on Twitter!
Bank shot is a bad sign. #gocards get it together.
Yes the real lion tamer!!!
Yum is right! What did you have?
a kid from my high school tried marijuana. now hes locked up in a mental institution & spends his time drooling & making sculptures w/feces.
U know things are bad when, hubby spots a backpack on the road & even tho we were running late, stops to see if it was filled with $$$$$$$
One of the easiest and most comfortable Halloween costumes has to be the rag doll
This is #hilarious lol
Really!? So Sanchez vs. Tebow in a #QBcontroversy? “: Breaking News: has been traded to ”
WMDs, Aum Shinrikyo, and Oregon cults. I love this class!
Oh, man, TELL me about it. The story of my life!
he just called her a filthy filthy girl and she giggled.. Don't think I can intercept this one. Mission: Aborted
otay ,otay ill cut it out for a second...but im loosing my mind, I dont know if I can handle this much longer
I watch it at least a couple times a week.
. is clearly not what I expected it to be. You get the point though.
RT Insightful, minimum compensation travel arrangemnts RT Glimpse in Dancer Contract http//tiny.cc/vu4d8
or you can probably divide the work with someone else...probably different views of the same matter
"The funny thing is is ..." Please delete this expression from your vocabulary or I will pee in your coffee.
It's me again. Barfly. When I snore it sounds like a kazoo symphony. That's not even from drugs. That's just from Twitter. Don't be like me.
i saw the one pick...better your head than your nose! see you 2nite
still less stressful than waiting for results on yourself though isn't it?
AND YOU minus the dancing with pants. Instead it's hitting people with bread.
hahahah love your most recent tweet :-)
#Curiosity and #HillbillyHandfishin premiere in the same night?! , you're too good to me.
I'm almost crying for the pure joy of this.
Why does my hair shed like no other? ughh
Turns out is doing Code Year too! It's an IncrediBull race to be the best coder in the office!
Any of you ever been to Malaysia? And if so, any words of wisdom? I am traveling there for work.
Thanks for the ff! RT : Happy
Wen u go into the bathroom and everyone looks at you Cheergirl<333
Casino night with at St. Raphael's!
Thanks for the good time tonight Berger. We owe ya one!
Trust No Dick ;)
There are over 120 different types of brain tumors, making effective treatment very complicated.
I gathered that from your post. I like COA better full stop. Is it a replacement or complementary to legacy SOA?
unless they're creepers like Kevin lololol
you want to have a bite Tuesday at suppertime? i need to make my way to hotel by 7 for airport shuttle... #badtiming?
Around Sacramento, Ca. Promoting "SNO" Clothing, Stay Tuned New Mens Tee Shirt Coming soon. www.SnoClothing.com
"Tantalizing burlesque and titillating improv to knock your socks off!"
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 67
Blue Jays sign P Brandon Morrow to multi-year deal
David, flight att'dent on BOS-DCA 6pm shuttle was kind, patient, informative and helpful. He deserves some credit!
so damn true(:
SAT word of the day: acerbic (adj.) biting, bitter in tone or taste
This picc of me is borin..gonna change it :)
Yes sir!!! RT : concert is on Tuesday right?
ok now im just being mean ill stop, those dudes actually make very amusing paradys/videos
so so my mom came wit me can never get it in like a want to when she wit me
What do you like about Bing that you didn't like about MSN Live or Google?
RT : They always say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them.
how is any1 supposed to wait till october let a lone January?!?!?!?! PLL IS INSANLY AMAZING
Admitting it is the first step! lol
lady it is a damn shame you won't be here to enjoy the unlimited mimosas with us
Some these people in this industry is faker than April fools day.
It looks like I ain't in trouble thank god
Bubba Thompson is one awesome cowboy!!
The lime coming to your city soon!
I hate when you play the pity "who does a girl or what does a girl do" card
Decided I might as well write another movie, but this time, something original...with zombies.
I just want to let you know I pee my pants laughing every time I read your tweets
Enjoying a great #luxury #RealEstate class with
Thanks to all the donors at last night's Memorial Tweetup. We have a check for and also sent some money via PayPal.
DD...Dances again
is fine as hell
Panhellenic Hunger Games Drive begins
Dear Internet, please download my Op Ivy album faster. Thank you. PS: same with the Circle Jerks.
plot twist harry is actually 50 years old, that's why he likes grandmas
It's almost here: we're going to announce a brand new product tomorrow! Stay tuned for more info!
much love dogg!
I agree. RT : "I'm cute like that."
how can u expect to be supported by your community when you turn your back on them?
So many ideas! So little time :(
Look at that 12:22pm and the moon is out.
What a game...a 2 out 2 strike triple to tie it in the bottom on the 9th
Coffee of the week is Punch in the Face. One of my top 5 brews. You never let me down, :-)
Of course my husband is insane and thinks he is going to go judge beer two days in a row this Friday and Saturday.
good question. Any ideas for a better term for "non-traditional" students?
This sun burn needs to go away.... now.
I will and cc you.
thanks girl love the support! keep with me please!<3
Malo --Sauvecito.  R.I.P Anthony.
I have to admit, each time I nail a flapper with the boomerang, I giggle. :)
Wait. Wait. Wait. HOW many kids does Michelle Bachmann have? Holy crap. Holy. Crap. ... Crap. ... Really.
"Your thoughts become your words, your words become your actions, and your actions become your habits." Think only positive thoughts.
Kobe stayed at the FT line during both warm ups and wasn't shooting well. Not shooting the FT well in game either. WTF
Me thinks Justin
The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion. The tunnel is. Epictetus
I did the same thing yesterday minus boo's parents. :) Happy New Year Sis!!!!
Up early for a busy day.... finally taking my first driver's ed class then heading to set to film Day 2 :)
please refrain from kicking my seat.
Thank you for the follow-back! You guys ROCK!!
I guess giving it your all don't matter nomore!
im #Chilling My Nigga :)
What's scarier than Wikileaks is the war on Wikileaks
Say word?
ahh. This is the one I was looking for.
Tomatomania is already on my calendar. See you then!
You Looked Very Pretty in that Dress at The Victoria Secret Event, Daisy! Did you have a Nice time at the Event?
:) can't wait! keep up the good work, you've been hitting really well in the past couple weeks :D
San Diego bro and I gotta leave for a while if I don't leave somethin will happen that I will never ever forget
After 12 years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. She said, "No hablo ingles." Ha!
I miss the french fry feed...having fries at home just doesn't cut it :(
So now that Facebook is going public do you think your profiles will be more or less private?
Being single is no where near as easy as it looks.
Hearing Josh Bazell read the Beat the reaper is great, you all need to hear him read from his book if you can....
tea party!
At New TEech, Failure is an impt option in learning...we want students to challenge thmseves & learn from mistakes. NTN-SXSW
#TEDxSEA Please visit the Seattle Fandango Project Facebook page or join our Google group for more info on our upcoming workshops & events.
"Why do I keep seeing condoms on tv..?" Aubrey:"It's a sign Abbi meow." "Meow I already said that meow!!!" I think were hyper..
definitely DT now?
i love how we live within the same boundaries(: i could just go to ATL or woodstock to see you bruh(; damn i'm lucky!(:
Dude I was kidding, I don't even know who your talking about?
Most definitely!!
They said it wouldn't last, we had to prove them wrong 'cause I've learned in the past that love would never do without you <3
Food Inc ... Wow, really makes you think about the food you eat.
Went through San Antonio, now going through Corpus Christi. Then we will hit Port Aransas!!!!:D
Major Fire at the Daytona 500! Montoya hits a jet drier.
At Will Rodgers Airport for an early flight home
OH today while two women discussed a third, "I love her, she's a little fire truck isn't she"? Fire Truck? Did she mean Spit Fire?
bored only 4 days left of school startin monday
#5bestsmells gasoline, i dont know why it's just like amazing
How many of you follow the rule: No white after labor day?
I watched some #Saxondale a couple of weeks ago, and I *still* have Hocus Pocus in my head.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/29/2012 and was under his calorie goal
My work here is done!
Off to work! Should be a busy day... (First tweet)
hey maggie you kinda look like rachel maddow
Is reading books about how to be an entrepreneur lean methodology?
Who thinks #Tiger should face the media? USsportspages.com
Office closed...who knew protests could equate to a snow day
WE ARE A PROUD MEMBER OF THE
Lololololol. That night was probably the reason Kenny can't come to Riverbend anymore.
Is Rafflecopter acting up for anyone else?
Thank u 2 the artists & bands that auditioned yesterday in Palm Beach @ Our World Learning Center Next auditions April 28...
The problem is the whole FRA phenomenon. Just a chick who goes to games. Not even worth talking about.
Real fucking hot put it in park take a shot higher than a tube sock you a bop give me top top as I load the guap.
Groins are slow healers and linger. Mild concern with him there....
Its simply too many pitches thru 4 for Gallardo. Needs to be more efficient to be elite.
Can't even begin to think about how I'm going to pack for a two week business trip. Smh
Looking for promo models in Chandler, AZ to work a fun event from Feb. 19-21. Contact for more details.
I wish I could drink with y'all :(
Having a wonderful meal @ Hilton wangfujing Beijing
Gonna buy me a weapon today.. I think lol
I don't understand this reference.
Hairy dude from Teen Wolf? RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…
We're falling in love all over again.
Exhibits will be open from 8-4 Thursday. Be sure to budget some time to visit the exhibits as they will not be open on Friday.
Thank you for sharing!
Oh yes, I remember! And I wanted a motorcycle launcher in my van!
UFC fight Money Mayweather fight, 5-diamond starting, hoping its an action center
Longest Recorded Orgasm: 43-seconds with 25 consecutive contractions.
Morning Rick.
Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it! SMILES :)
Regular Show is on
Damn what happened to Pill?
Just wrapped another great class w/the Will Wallace Acting Co! Always enjoy Mon nights!
Watchin the sixers game with my mom.wish i could date a girl that was a real fan they all make me watch friends or somthin
Bam! And I agree with Steve RT : Then you're an idiot. RT/ : I blame you for J Niese losing the no-no.
It's Friday and I'm going to #VEGAS right after work!! Going to be a great day.
what does cba means ? <3 . But it takes only 2 sec to order it :O !
What time you starting today?
Why do people sound like they're trying to get into the next edition "highly sensitive cerebral quotes of the year to make your ex swoon"
Advantage of E-journaling on a CMS: forces students to reflect daily due to time stamp
Sitting in Interactive Qualitative Analysis. Need caffeine. :P
i'm probably not gonna get any numbers. lol
Let's go Longhorns!
I'm finally getting sleepy...
If bubble wrap surrounds stuff in packages what surrounds bubble wrap?
hahaha good memories
Just wanted you to know that I'm waiting on what will be my third Xbox 360 console to come back from repair. :(
Saw our local Arena Cheese Factory featured on #Gameday this AM (video to follow). Love the excitement for Wisco sports in this state!!
Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves. ~Abraham Lincoln
Board Meeting tomorrow. Gearing up for our big fall fundraiser on 10/23. WTS for more info.
I applied but training is yearly and begins spring 2013. They don't ask about which tours but I'd love NB, 'stro, Russ. Hill or TL.
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
Watching Ed Dale discussing this year's 30- Day Challenge
if one day all my dreams came true
Next to knowing when to seize an opportunity, the most important thing in life is to know when to forgo an advantage.
It's My mom's Birthday! <3 Happy birthday mommy!
u pick the beat, we record, and u do yo verse. I say that because we probably like a different type of beat.
“: lol Is it July 14th yet WAR Marquez” They need to hurry up and announce the damn opponent!
I've made up in the lack of trying coffee by having my share of beer.
Ha! God question.
but wouldn't google news be a gatekeeper? google decides who is and is not featured on their news page
Your tweet has resulted in at least one subscription (mine)!
you and him are too perfect for each other. just saynn
It's Ladies Night and our Reverse Happy hour goes on until 11pm!!!! Come enjoy great drink & food specials!!!!
I'm about to be riding the "Sami Train" (; hahah lol
omg yes pls.
It is not great defense but, two teams feeling the pressure of a game 7. Painful 2 watch.
i can't wait for jersry shore! ;"D
I was wrong but technophiles believe i am right
If you could keep your kids one age forever... what age would it be?
Did anyone watch the Baylor game last night? It was an incredible shootout!
Light one, pass it like a relay
Great! Let us know how everything goes :-)
(503): Well, I can't relate. I have no idea what it feels like to withhold sex. Or have self-control in general.
I'm beginning to think the A's got a steal on Cespesdes...
yes?? You're reply didn't say anything
Third, if you don't count the promoted hashtag.
If you know what #CAFA means, RT
lets get happybirthdayjanet #1 on the TT!!! come one
MN GOP caucuses are underway and we're awaiting results. The latest Public Policy Polls shows Santorum taking Minnesota with 33% of the vote
why you sick or something???
Was that husband/father guy really saying those things to you? And he's like an adult?
I use to watch the Rangers, but I got out of hockey. So I don't try to pretend that I'm interested.
I'm gonna have to work REALLY hard of I wanna make it big! #NSN #DiscoverShanice 🎤🎬🎥📺📷
I hate everyone. Brb, going to a cave.
R.I.P. Bingham Ray
Jealous!!!! But keep posting those pics...really enjoy them!
Vehicle wraps, Fleet wraps, Custom Signs, Digital Printing & Store front advertising - Media 1-Wrap This, Longwood.Fl www.pushthe1.com
nothing bored
I have way too many #ReasonsToSayAmen. Great to see such a positive thought trending, though.
Its hard to trust people, after the One that trusted you most broke your trust.
playing this fun game call Obama rider
Does anyone have the link to the twitter archive for #mcn2010? Presenting an update to Nelson-Atkins staff tmrw. Just sharin' the love.
Is watching every video that I can!
never will i ever wait this long to do laundry again.
Pinterest tips: Use content calendar w/variety, add value, integrate w/FB, add Pin It button to website
Why is Iggy Pop shirtless?
My New Year's resolution was to #behappy. I think I'm actually gonna try to keep that resolution this year.
Sad we couldn't watch the show w/ you guys but we are rooting for you and your "good eats" all the way! cc:
THIS SATURDAY #May5 #Baltimore #openmic: #RestInPower ft performances by & designs by
tell it
final edits sent away-i think the new super secret project is almost ready for a spotlight.
smh, no bueno, we need that back. You was the realist hip hop head!
funny how you can get injured walking down some steps. :( #YesI'mAKlutz #YourStory'sBetter4Realz
#2012IsTheYearOfMadonna i cant wait for the new album
The zoo? You were in my area! Did you get a pet? RT : So had just the best time at then Zoo
Just waking up, gotta thank God, I dont know but today seems kind of odd
- got the mailer on this. Gonna hit up SD. See you there?
Liam wouldn't like that very much.
Quietly, huh? Apparently I need to try harder.
David Tebaldi is always --civil discourse is humanistic discourse.
Venti Peppermint Cappacino from Starbucks??:)) #yes!
Social media reveals more of me to my friends & family. Might upset them at times, but I think it's a net gain for everyone in the end
Cappers posting on tonights CBI game has a consensus on Pitt & Un just like the line movement...Possible Was.St. top gun ouy
aye your a cutie(:
Anybody else obsessed with greek yogurt?
Fields has absolutely no offensive confidence. It has really killed the Knicks on a number of possessions.
Don't get so lindignant
Who's birthday is it? :3
Freaking how am I supposed to work when everyone I know is living through 20+ tornadoes.
never heard back from you. Ate you still looking for a co. for your class?
This tweet sponsored by which helped get my butt in gear for a 4 mile run today, tag you're it
The lovely tells us that she finds inspiration by photography, paintings, museums and bad drivers :)
Very often I have no idea what day it is. Its becoming problematic.
Oh yeah. I'm eating duck right now. Fuck you <3
iCal is killing me again. Ugh. I guess It's finally time to try Thunderbird.
dirt and grime be gone, so it was said, so it was done and the concrete thanked me
Next time you'll think before vacationing. #cheesecakelessons :) j/k Enjoy!
thanks so much! We have to plan well as there is so much road construction on the interstates.
do what my aunt does with hers. She points it and shakes it at people as she talks about them lol
Thanks for your tweets everyone!
Twitter needs a "like" button - I used to get so much done on insurance claims at home
RT : Begin your week by reviewing your schedule and creating a list of to-dos. More important for your productivity than morn
I think im going to go run a little then stay in my room and learn new songs...this is going to be a boring weekend.
Always hot as hell in my apt - suddenly freezing! Furnace guy tinkering in basement... Better figure it the f*ck out!!
thanks for the shoutout bro!
SO today was such a good day but then sum bitch had to ruin it -_-
lol im convinced! Mark it down for a foursome on the first tee!
oh! Then yeah, you might want to step it up a bit.
Somewhere over the rainbow..
Can you guys come to Jacksonville please? It's been awhile-we have a new arena with gr8 acoustics-better 2 hear the WoodShed
I hate when people call me Mack
": He is so hot, omg. Be mine already baby."
Please tell me #BuildABear is new network show starring Ving Rhames.
Pink Champagne ♫ ♥
I love Thomas for himself! Love ya Thomas! (:
good, I think I got second in the heat, you?
RT : "The gauntlet is thrown down. The challenge is defined. We have to tell better stories." -
good, thanks.(: and you?
This RT : Them illuminati pills stop working. Or photoshop stopped.
Man u + Barca
I love break. Nough said.
<------- needs a new cellular device
aw but yeah a 90 is still awesome! And she won't take any points off cause it's perfect as it it(: oh and Zayn hit 3 million!!!
There's NO such thing as respect these days. So sick of disrespect.
"WE WANT PRENUP" (Kanye West College Drop Out voice) lol
That's a fine question - I would probably pay for it just as it is online, but a Kindle App would be GOLD - DvL
The key to success is to love what you do and you will be great at it.
True. I'd also enjoy live tweeting on screens in meetings and in the conference center and hotels.
Avoid everything and anyone that brings you down.
Christi Orgeron gets her first hit of the tournament with a solo home run to put the Cajuns up 1-0 in the first.
I am! But mostly in a good way!
Settled D & O claims as Trustee in Goldblatt's Bargain Stores bankruptcy for $900,000 and waivers of $9 million. Creditors to get dividend!
Geez, Ethel. Show some decency.
Thanks for the shout Colleen. Have a great weekend!
NSO invests $50M in Detroit. Mayor congratulates project team for restoring the lives of Detroit's most vulnerable citizens! www.nso-mi.org
#liferegret not caring about music until the end of my junior year in highschool
Is there anything whiter than singing along to a blaring car radio playing Seger's " Old time Rocking Roll"?... Maybe then tweeting about it
next year... or as soon as i get a gig outside of the school!
“: In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher - #DalaiLama #quote” so true! Have a wonderful eve. Fiona!
“: The niggas that u went to school wit a catch u while u in us new whip and turn ya brains into cool whip..”this so throwback
It was great to see check in last week!
You saw the best in me :)
I'm glad is our coach.
Today Erin+mommy+oatmeal album: For Emma, Forever Ago by Bon Iver. Excellent dreary day music. What's your rainy-day album?
I had a good time tonight with and
I love you! Ifyou retweet or even followed me maybe,I would smile for the rest of forever.She is an inspiration to everyone.
praying for you today. Excited that you are with I know God has great plans in store for you. Blessings!
Really enjoyed this. My husband isn't a brogrammer, but his team do have a workout room and most are enthused about P90x
Bumgarner would've had a triple if Pill was playing left for the D-Backs.
Damn working out with my pops is no joke
my <3 belongs to one one girl :)
YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST!!! MUCH LUV AND RESPECT!!! ;-)
Oh hey weekend!
i am practicing a joyful and hopeful life.
: Ya doing the one called "Glitz and Glam" by
ah congatulations!! We live in Los Angeles. Where are you from?
Could be meaningful ;)
TriP Todaay , Heading To The CiTY
RT : Smackdown in Hershey PA tonight gets punked. (that's my lame/clever way of saying I'll be there). Big Show won't be, because ...
Top recs: Artemis Fowl, Origami Yoda, Howl's Moving Castle.
Ouch. I never thought I'd see the day when it'd be $60+ to fill up my Mini Cooper.
good luck, forecast looks pretty wet for tomorrow in nj!
and can't wait to see you kids tonight!!
Satisfy your sweet tooth tonight in Little Italy! We've got Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding!
The AN can kiss my ass!
$2.48 million award to 343 Assistant Store Managers due to Staples’ misclassification of Assistant Store Managers as exempt.
The identical statements can be made truthfully of #conservatives as well. Not equivocating, but No side is innocent here.
hahaha this made me laugh out loud! just ate a brownie btw :)
i was home earlier last week..u was no where to be found
Working with the Brewers Apprentice of Freehold, NJ to get everything for the shoot next Tuesday.
Late whistles are driving me crazy!
yoooo...a saturday worth sleeping in
when twitter just retweets stuff i did earlier today <<
Is your IT group a Business Prevention Unit?
Keller says Tebow & Sanchez seem to have great relationship and play jokes on each other, something you wouldn't do "on your enemy."
they dont. I had a layover in san francisco.
i would love to see #teamJesus as a TT
My decree is to do all I can and make it the best I can...
Boulder, Colorado..
#FollowFriday Superstar Sisters
His OWN. There you go- The End. Of my latest ridiculously long Twitter statements. eat your heart out, Norris Mc Whirter(i can't say Roy ...
Yes, very good.(;
you leave twitter for 5 minutes and pokerface has been re-launched, justin bieber said he's naming his child "Jason Born" & then he died? :?
Cigarette voiced lady at gas station had a long chat with a guy before me. But was irritated when I didn't put my change away quickly.
Thank you so much!
yea! lol i thought u were from NYC?
#TheVoice watch party here at the White House tonight..."Guns N Roses" theme...Biden coming as "Slash"...
thank you for dinner tonight uncle
First new student orientation today. Report at noon. Wake up at...7am? So much for sleeping in.
I loved them all!
Accused #eastcoastrapist Aaron Thomas declared competent to stand trial in PW County.
Taking bets when/where/how #gadhafi will be found
.: I do job counseling 4 and , and I say: use letter to tell a story abt institution with YOU IN IT.
Just flew over Cowboys Stadium and wow it is huge.
lol I like edit pics so cute and funny
GOD is good whether U are or not but choose wisely bcause we all Will be judged
Just got back to the old stomping grounds. Will be here about a day. As always, feels a little weird.
Its all good Bigbro , we all know who was the first to bring it to America.
hey quit Txting in class lol
lovely! me? i'm researching big pharma commercials over here. potent stuff! ;)
Hey How You Doing?
Bring back the BellBeefer!
what does region 1 consist of?
#SLIGHT-HANGOVER Yeeezzzziiiiirrrrr Happy Birthday Momma! Holla at me doe #Avenue #4/20
Hey, thanks for the mention, Nozomi.
Woke up to the sounds of my sisters placing clingwrap all over my doorway. Good thing I have a spud gun under my pillow.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 10
< < "like" and "share" if you see the color yellow in this logo
why is this happening, I don't care I will sit here forever waiting for your answer, just please please let it be a good one…
Hi Interesting article! What are your views on the current #education system of #India?
Just discovered the the band ExitMusic...incredible
Shopping at GSP, anyone else? Come fight the crowds with me:P
Can't get rid of my hiccups...I sound like a tiny barkin dog!
I have like the whole crew following me except for that should change?(:
"Time's fun when you're having flies." - Kermit the Frog
#ntchat this might be a fun beginning of the year activity to allow kids to tell about themselves
favorite Johnny's bartender is in there in all pink /SARCASM lol Trying to get to sign up,but its booked :(
hey sorry I was playing drawsomething so I couldnt open twitter
Dieng that was a huge block
No way to print out my Quechua #linguistics because local FedEx with #SXSW people
Looks like when employed, I was paying $150/month. If I can find good personal health insurance, might as well keep it.
My prof is talking to us about cooking and eating dirt.
Italy rejects old realpolitik and falls in love with web-inspired political movement amplified by blogger and comedian #m5s :)
Follow Follow Follow and we follow back up and coming Crank! MOJO's OF GOGO!!!!!!
At JFK getting ready to board to Aruba! Vacation time and my set on Sunday night at Moomba Beach club on Palm Beach in Oranjestad, Aruba!
storm watching has been one of my favorite things to do since I was a kid.
oh yummy indeed.
Binghamton. What a stupid little city.
True story I fixed my hair before the fire department came :)
I'm out providing awesome TV to another Albuquerque resident this morning. Want to be next? Call John Racette at 350-6428!
so has anyone counted how many Hulk accounts there are on the twitters?
i like your back ground
thanks for the RT!
change is good sometimes & God is real!
And the score by Trent Reznor? RT : Okay, I give it a thumbs up, but I think I would have preferred The Girl with the OM Tattoo
taking steps to the microphone again.
#ifitwasntfortwitter you niggas wouldn't have a life to make up...lol
Is this backwords...? A chef with an electronics company and athlete with fast food chain? + #samsung vs. +
“Was he smart? No, not exceptionally. Instead, he was a genius.” -Walter Isaacson
107.7 The End has a copy of our new EP. Call them up and tell them you want to hear some Ayron Jones and the Way! 206-421-1077
iz my grind
See you champions there! RT : I'm moderating #DAYS panel w
me too. By far one of my favorite teachers.
Thanks for following are you going to do more 1D facts later? :)xx
On behalf of the #SEC, #FSU should not even consider the possibility of joining our conference.
Chris: Electronic records knowledge, DACS, EAD, coding in general
#waroftheroses always makes my thursday mornings entertaining and...uncomfortable 😜LOVE IT!!
One day of holiday shopping a year. One day. I need a drink...
...and hasn't twittered since?!
they determined it was your fault?
SO to for telling Osi what's up. Ask him what it's like to be the third best pass rusher on his team..
We're open regular hours today, 11am-2am. We have the Betty's Bettie's Pin-Up Calendars in stock featuring many of our staff as models! 2012
so good. that beer over there was so damn good.
Ppl that are genuinely nice are very rare esp in this concrete jungle called NYC
one of the best movies i have ever seen
You have an amazing voice! That was a great song. I wish he could still play in Indy, though.
Accuser is the Abuser ...
Didn't know tongue rings were still in style?
Believe it or not, but I am out square dancing or folk dancing or something like that - and its fun!
Today was funny xD
I'm comfortable being put in that box, thank you.
May 1 - We are attending the Apple Spring Tech Update For Education all day event here in Farmington CT, Great Information!
I think, the fact the bar keep eyes keep meeting up w/ mine is causing a problem 4 him. Lady at the bar is not too happy. Time to go. Lol...
remember this? In our increasingly interconnected world, karma has become an instant reality.
Thanks for the follow Brad. :)
ok. create a list to notify too. much love ready to support
i'm shy as hell! but i would love to attend an acting class...i do it in front of the mirror, why not in public?
Letter from America – Pre-emptive Strikes – the Kabilite Syndrome - 1 - Asian Tribune
Timofey is taking it to Bynum...that is sad
we will soon :-)
Medium, always. :-) RT : So...what is your Favorite Roast? Medium, Dark or Signature?
I can fix up your broken heart ♥
I don't know who sang the national anthem but she did respectable job. on another note, celebrating kickoff with a Hop Whore Imperial.
Dream energy + technology sounds very interesting. Add spirituality and you have a dynamo.
Happy Monday everyone! What's on your mind this week?
I put my pants on just like the rest of ya, one leg at a time, except after my pants are on I make gold records.
I would sit by kidd on the bench and follow him like a shadow. wait, was this a bad call???
Back in pittsburgh and Cookin up some portabello mushroom burgers!!
lol tomorrow gonna be crazy! Glad I'm not going to be there...
and in Extras she did say she was doing a Holocuast film for the Oscar.
Wonder if I'm over-organizing myself. Is that possible?
RT : The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears. But it still feels good to soak up the sun's rays like a Lizard.
Follow me please Everyone :p go !!!
don't forget to come back to us! (but have a great time!)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME <33333333333
it pisses me off when I see I girl going out with a lame
Happy 70th birthday to a true genius of animation, Hayao Miyazaki. Spirited Away is one of my all-time favorite films.
Famous photographer Bill Cunningham just took our picture!
RT : Have a wonderful time and congratulations! // Thanks, and thanks for the RT! We'll miss you!
I look up to the mountains; does my strength come from mountains? No, my strength comes from God,who made heaven, and earth, and mountains.
I HATE HEARING MY SPEAKING VOICE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'll gouge my eyes out. lol.
This weekend was great, but now I get to play catch up all night.
Making a New Twitter This one is Hack. Everyone Who Getting tweets and\or Tweets its not me.
Good morning #sandiego! #tgif we live in the best city in the country! Woohooo
Women are beautiful
lucky! I love the Fray! And Red Rocks!
Thanks, it was all the Cox in my face that drew me to yours.
Facebook ? What is that ?
I've heard that a time or 2.
there's no need.
EZ pass steez. Never pay when I go thru the bridge. Call me Toll Gallagher!
Posted new designs: www.wilsongraphic.etsy.com
Rihanna - Roc Me Out
bubble mama :-)
Thanks for the link, was having a hard time finding it.
ServInt Offers Jelastic Java Cloud Hosting Platform
look at her, how could you not spoil her. Love some Oreo. Have fun miss u guys, too quiet!
If amazing was a young bitch, I'd be going to jail cuz I'm fucking amazing.
I need a neww twitter name hm😏
I can't work out anymore. Running horses and suicides killed me!
I love love love Austins curly hair.<3 its so adorable(;
My only regret is not personally knowing Otto Porter.
Sometimes I catch sight of my son's shoes and find myself awed that such tiny feet can be linked to such enormous joy
It wasn't bad last night! Both Bayshore and Target were under control.
Welcome! We hope you have an amazing time with us.
Great... be your own strong self. Love your Twitter bio, BTW
Just spent an hour working on my TV settings because the HD was muddy looking. Discovered I had it on a non-HD channel. Genius.
Nursing students in the security badge office, when I asked if there was a line: "Not for you, you're a REAL employee!"
im watching this long as performance again.i need some janet in my life again. these basic girls aint doing it
Hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful day! Keep an eye out for some new covers coming your way this week. :)
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements define the economic and other relationships in a remarriage.
same here!! Hold on I'm gonna tweet a pic of Lana and gaga and you tell me who were's it best!
Found out what im doing for my hair for prom :)
Hehe. Now you know how I felt on black Friday! We should get matching outfits now that our #Asics are pretty much the same:).
This photo I just saw.. I swear.. That's what molestation is like.
My bff is getting me a and a blanket for christmas.. isnt she the bestest friend ever :) i live you cody :)
Ina's cocktail episode is the absolute best. This woman is drunkk.
Why is Duke getting blown out like this?
Love this weather!! #SLURPEE sounds so good right now. Perfect for this weather
Yep, never hid the fact I was a pro wrestling fan
sleep is overrated
Could used a friend right about now. Im tired of this shit here at home.
that was a great game, but don't forget about UW and UC tonight. Go huskies!
Note: has what it takes to do this job. Every day, he does dozens of reads and doesn't botch a word.
#Bucks appear to have chemistry back - feels like 2010 team again!
Bored at work 😭
There's your girl Kelly Clarkson in that Camry commercial
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!💙
Hey we aren't brewing...at least not as of right now, but doing beer stuff on Wednesday place, if you are free.
Congratulations UNCC graduating seniors!!
I don't for a second resent the fact that it's gotten people reading again. That's awesome. I just want "sparkle" back. :)
I wish you could annotate slides in Keynote. Time to find a solution stat!
interview at your crib talent manager job for shout out request if u want to hire budget needed communication dept
Working on BuddyPress as LMS project and very excited about unveiling my masterpiece. It's a surprise!
True Born Records o
I follow anyone back so follow me :D so tired and sick though D: anyways follow me :P
RT Another fun night now off to LA. happy easter! 🐰🐰🐰
#Keep: someone who can love you for the reasons you hate yourself..
please eat!!!!
Hello Alisa, Thanks for following my Tweets.
Eeew. LOL --> ": You have feelings for one nigga, but you're on your back getting filled in by another nigga? #FakeLoyalty"
We need a Constitutional Amendment to define marriage as between one man with a Swiss Bank Account and one woman with 2 Cadillacs.
Yes, I got my google wave invite!
Between 1940 and early 1943, The Chairman of The Board secured twenty-three top ten spots on the Billboard charts.
These belong to you... “: Great article!”
can u follow me I'm like ur biggest fan teehee :)
feeling good about spreading around the goodies from the #luckyfabb conference. can't wait to try what I kept for myself, though!
FTR, I'm not a big Green believer but I have no problem being terribly, terribly wrong.
Do you have a link to your TweetReach report? If there are fewer than 50 RTs, then the free version should work just fine.
watching the sandbagging at RFK. Bought some peaches. My wife said I didn't know you were taaking me to breakfast and a show...
do u know my birthday is november 23?
same ol same ol. What's g
Hey, is that lovely sister-in-law of yours still in the app-cake business? Big bday for my Pa coming up and, say, Major...
cute emoticon :3 how's life?
as long as you don't have any pain then it's a good day
Ingrid, again I saw it and thought clarity and straightforwardness
is @ Skippers Smokehouse... With Cinnabun Bebop, Kruser, Cleffe, and Sprout. Spiritual rez is rockin it up!
SO TRUE!!! #BlondesHaveMoreFun ... We have it so hard!!! lol
Just got awesome news for me and :)
#NationalHonestyDay why u act as am ur friend u only call me when u need sum
mom put our song on FB... Gotten 3 phone calls from people who have listened to it multiple times.. Not a bad start
o I'm going I already buy my 161 daller tux somebody fucking up people plan boom
Jamie Gold will be a bounty today at Jax WPT $560...his chips will be live so come on down and try to bust him !!!
“: I'm back n Vegas next weekend yayyy :)” Looking forward to it!
Prioritize your life. That's if you wanna get anywhere.
what is it?
do you not have your phone? ):
People don't care how much you know until you show how much you care...my motto for work today!! ;-)
yeah, they're tempting
Someone leaked my short online!!!
Hell yeah !!!! #sweep shouts to and time to celly!!!!
mine was Tacoma I think..
nope, unfortunately left it back home...
Check our deals on Living Social....
Who wanna Go to the gun show june 2&3?
What's going on in Fells right now? Lots of chatter of sirens, etc.
close enough :-)
follow back? i love austin mahone, penguins, and i am from KY :)
Hey NMRT folks — is this committee application due by a certain date or just ASAP?
So the tiny media arts org might be getting master tapes from the big public TV station. Archive seems to be in retrograde.
": RT Gym flow at 7 2day"< DEFINITELY go you need it
I leave it in the capable hands of Gentille.
I did it
Pop quiz: Dessert Island. Three records for the rest of your life. Go!
Omg my dad sometimes exaggerates ; if I don't text him within 5 mins he starts blowing my phone in texts & phone calls.
cam shuffle and meet someone new on www.aaron.tv
california is amazing
That fresh crisp clean spotless room feeling >>>
Hello Josh: Thanks for the follow.
fitting since the confusion of the way the news was dropped prompted the question "R we talking about marriage or anal sex?"
I'm fine . Thanks
RT : Today we Declare and Decree that fear is dead in our lives and Faith is alive! #fb #declareanddecree ~ YES!
Let go and let be.
I seriously need pet insurance
okay, you two.
I ain't know yo bday was after mines! Happy birthday though.
Some say I deserve no credit for the glorious building accomplishments of my time as Your Mayor. That's just being jealous!
staying high to balance out dese LOWS!!!
hola hotsauce.... I think you were making fun of me! Not appreciated mister.
Well, life certainly is never boring. Always keeps me on the edge of my seat.
well I missed you singing "Our God" at mile 8 but I pushed through ;)
Ask me about my new opportunity! Spring time is the time of change. Let me help you!
Just went on a little shopping spree. Got some much needed items at the outlets.
Also installing 20ft. square tubing at ARNE'S party supply. These uprights will be supports for a cage to protect their new 50 ton A/C units
he kills everything on that mixtape.
One Chinese dissident is more important than economic negotiations between two global superpowers???
We need to get those follows & likes up! Please tell people you know about us! Thanks.
Just found out that I was too late for the role! I am going to watch this, & I might just dress up like Annette Fleming anyways.
We are so fuckd rite now!! wanna thank god I'm alive
why the
where's our guitarist JORDAN??
Audition today :15pm!!!
Let's go Preds!
Lol lets all go for sure! xD it's only $25
Do you want me to tell you something really subversive Love is everything it's cracked up to be. That's why people are so cynica
lol I love you too! Thanks for the love and support!
Good luck!!
I took a look at it while back but really haven't spent much time on it. Anything in particular you are wondering about?
It could be worse. You could be playing w old ppl.
Carl Von Vechten portrait of Belafonte captures singer in moment of assumed vulnerability. Face partly masked in carnival reference
Full on UFO lights in effect for maze
Well, Kathi, don't you think I might know a *little* about early reader access to hypertexts?
exercise 20-30/3xper week. Stay away from fat & sugary foods. I can give more specifics if you email me.
As children of the 80s, the cast & crew of EATEN honors your choice. =) RT : Retro Rewatch: I Was a Teenage Zombie – 1987
Can't wait to hear about it. Excited for this one. Too bad we can't make it until a couple weeks away at least!
Working on some TV concepts for a Network... very exciting...
The RWNJ's will go crazier when POTUS gets re-elected! Could be serious drama on the streets.
RT : Blazers 103, Thunder 93: FINAL. Huge divisional road win for Portland. Great win for the Blazers! Lakers on Thurs!!
Yes!! I'm going in May!!
the good ones do.
I’ve heard plenty call them Reesies—which annoys me to no end—but never Reesie Cups. That would just be stoopid…
so thrilled we are officially working with elizabeth wray design!!
my plan is to never actually get drunk during SXSW. I know that won't happen, but I'm gonna try at least...
Got on the jumbotron
RT: Congo's the bloodiest conflict since WWII. People are pushing Obama to name a special envoy to help end the mess. Good idea.
RT : Damn what a blessing seeing out tonight! So grateful. and Purple Films teaming up real soon!
Insidious movie was scary as hell
State of limbo!
Can't it just be 2012 already?!
Geeze I hope they get the bast ids that did this. So wrong.
Only 91 days until my first quarter marathon...if i can run my rear off so can you!
Is this the worst first quarter of mnf ever? have u started playing the college game out of boredom yet?
Like clockwork calls on Mondays to check on me and
"let me shine, shine like the moon, a reflection of You in all that I do ..."
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You care more about your body than you do your car.
Good luck. I love my blu tip electric cig. really helps
do you get annoyed of all the constant attention from girls?!? All asking you to follow them? ...Well will you follow me? ;)
When I'm drunk I'll be the happiest girl in the world if you hold my hand and take a picture with me lol
I'm as surprire as you also...haha
frozen lemonade from dunks >>>>>
I haven't done anything significant today...
At the Houston National Summer Showcase, the 17s won the championship & the 14s won the 15U championship!
I might be able to arrange that, at least the Reitzes murmur part.
thanks for the reminder!
Love and compassion benefit both ourselves and others. Through kindness to others, your heart and mind will be peaceful and open.
Thanks much for the follow, Howell.
"Potential jurors are not grits for a grits meal -- just to be set aside, used up, ... for no sake at all." Judge Perry
way to sell it Simmons!
U can tell if u gotta cheap azz bf/gf... Cuz everytime they owe u som money & u ask about it.... Dey wanna break up... #cheap azz
Was on the toilet the entire second quarter. Had the shits. Bostad was calling the plays. Dip is in and I’m ready to roll.
how long since ur last trimming amigo?
Dentistry of Del Mar offers Cerec Crowns in 24 hours, Digital X-Rays, Zoom Teeth Whitening & Invisalign! www.dentistryofdelmar.com
you also cry at anything too! Don't worry I'm going to school in 2nd :(
Can you please come to Milwaukee and sign my book?
hope you feel better<3 please follow mee!
If all people we as nice and caring as the people at church, I could be an awesome waitress. Other people I would probably slap.
you live where again? lol
I have awesome coworkers
RT : Rt Need one more follower to make 300! Will follow you back! Why do I care about such things? What is happening to ...
Chandler Parsons with 21 points through 3 against the Heat. Elsewhere in Ireland, a pig learned to fly today
RT : yes and a willingness to persevere against all odds and challenges
lol yup girl
if steam punk had had it's way, we'd be writing those emails with electro-quills
Going to hear some beats an stuff in a couple hours. Bout 2 go 2 da bank 1st. Atm fees are "too damn high" lol
Where ever you are, you are leading people and people are following you...as you follow the lead of others
Not downtown and when I am I might deliver so keep asking!
what a way to start the day off, hello beautiful!
I'm trying to get ticket to Aziz Ansari on Ticketmaster, which just makes me angry. So I go to other ticket websites, and just get angrier.
RT : Yoooooo if we aint sexing u aint even getting chicken wings!!! About Mac Book Pro, later!! Omg wow LooOOooOOooL
Yep. It's part of the registration process.
Do you plan on writing any more children's/YA books?
Out in San Fran today for the game - Clients on 49ers and Saints. & Demarcus Dobbs
I hate coming home from work.
:O me right? O_O
damn that ass is
Congrats on your new gig! Knock em dead!
dope video about krumping, thanks for posting !!
"Wherever the people are well informed they can be trusted with their own government." - Thomas Jefferson. Think about that before you vote
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower.
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex.
Jocelyne touched my booty :o creep !
6:17 delivery of a jelly-filled mini-pastry to my bed? Hard to say whether once or siesta is my favorite Chilean custom
So many wineries... So little time!
#3WordsForYou You're really attractive
Pretty clear the UW would like it to go away, and will let MPD do the heavy lifting on policing. Distancing from liability?
i want more followers please
Clackamas County Roundup: jail video of ex-deputy assaulting inmate; Sandy-area man arrested for assaulting ex-girlfriend's new boyfriend...
P.S., I don't know you, but I was in a meeting last week w/ a designer (Bel) from Rokkan who had yr old computer.
All these fake people coming at LeBron like he's bad. you can call him bad when you have 3 Mvps or let alone even play in the nba.
Let's go Mountaineers
"the desire to make an application the "be all, end all" to the user can doom it to failure. take out what is not essential"
Tom Crean is quickly rising to the top of people I dislike the most.
thankfully, it's just me, my little car, and the cassette player that can hear me. breaking. it. down.
if were a true friend he would have told her how awesome we are!
I love CSO as well. It was featuring Yo-yo Ma!
#igotmyearspiercedwhen i was like a month or so?!?! and why is this TT LOL
Don is just trying to get some sleep
I have em, but don't know why lol
The event is quickly approaching! Will you be there?
I have the ugliest tan lines from my filp flops!
On MSNBC in a couple of minutes re: new iPad.
Hahahaha Mhm gurlfran ✋👋👆✋👏 control yo'self before ya hurt yo'self. Black girl swagger overload
Now we grieve for those who are gone
hows the ice cream
I'm pretty happy I saw my boyfriend today. I missed him soo much
Domaine de Pouy is perfect for this warm Chicago weather. Clean, zippy and refreshing!
What does the deal with #Instagram mean to ? More users to switch in the next couple of hours I betcha!
a career of work critiquing patriarchy. The audience member said no one was saying that about women/ or writing positively abt women now...
Sitting watching the surf at Perkins Cove, Maine...Not too shabby
that too. and i always forget NOT to throw stuff in the dryer, which totally ruins the fit.
Just cuz im wierd& i get some m:p jk
Finally got a cofounder for my startup! He said YES! I could've asked others but there's no one else I'd rather work with. Thank you God!
i love your swaag
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared
checking out the monta show tonight in oakland. #fearthedeer !!!!!
That says a lot since you live with ...
idk. it's was all nice to me.
