Which is greater Cole Hamels stupidity: plunking Harper for being brash rookie or admitting it afterward? If #MLB fines, it was the latter.
"It is easy to get good grades without actually learning."- Student response
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize if I don't respond to your first 3 heyy's... I'm not going to responde to the fourth !
OKC wants it BAD
this chick is hoardin dead animals.........
On my way back to La-La land, can't wait!!! Suuuupppper excited!
hey you! how've you been?
Today marks the last day of existence for Kodachrome film. It lived a long and visually rich life in photos and film. 1935-2010.
Awww remember the proud family ( best black show for kids)
Taking a walk near the 79th street boat basin was hot but fun. Now, back to air-conditioning.
thank you so much! :)
well think about it, the class is super hard. DONT STRESS!
"He's an idiot. His parents are probably idiots."
This chick at Euro tan is really pretty. I can't get over it. I feel like I'm staring..
it would be great to see you :-)
lol go get your own !
I did laundry too! I have to pick up dry cleaning tomorrow.
Friday Humor: "There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot." - Steven Wright
We in this bitch!!!
The Cabin in the Woods was a great #film that transcends the horror genre, literally! Go see this #movie before it's too late!
It went really well! Show got great ratings. Smart young woman is now $50k richer w/scholarships. Win win!
That's insulting to teams who can run the 2 min drill properly the first day of training camp
oh wait yeah #dumbmoment but yes!
Discount super bowl XLIV tickets for adding promo code " 44 " at checkout on TicketsGenie.com
Those two little girls from the Ellen Show will end up in a psych ward if they try to perform this Nicki Minaj shocker
I wonder if HR would let me have a bar installed at my desk?
I always get "Happy Endings" with my massage sessions ha ha ha
u hit them belly roles?
Definitely did. Was fascinated to what it was like to work there during that time. 20 years later I fell into the industry.
#CHEAA RT : Bitches I was sucking dick when yall thought it was nasty ...no wonder I can make a man bust in under 5 mins
I just remembered it's $1 Jimmy John's day. I don't think I have time to wait in line forever though :(
Take a hit from the bong, slam the tequila and then let me feel ya!
Thaanks Pauline fer comming by . Had a good time , dyed her hair and she brought me hair stuff . Lool
Welcome, it was a great post!
Rise and grind # GMT
My heart is broken and I don't have the tools to put the pieces back together.
The Columbus Tattoo Artists
Sign at local florist shop: "Find us on social media". :) Okay!
The class action lawsuit against is ridiculous. What an amateur investor! No pity for his loss.
I yield to 's advice. I guess I do talk fast! I've found 3000 words comes in at exactly 18 1/2 min w/o improv.
I like History and art :)
It must be hard. I hope you include that in the essay portion of the lake application you will need to submit.
Haha, good to know!
Tamagotchi, we aren't rain dancing again, okay?
i am a songwriter what you need
S/O to for like the dick on my face(:
This girl is the best dancer in the whole world lol, I always hope she is at the top of the pyramid
Blew. April__2011 was much better. May May__2012 be starting OK though... RT Anyone else agree sucked?
thanks for the RT!
There is no limit to what a man can achieve if he doesn't care who gets the credit Laing Burns Jr.
Me too
Thanks for the #ff buddy!!
is so beautiful :)
Ah thank you
look for me in the blue #Wikipedia shirt & ask me about continuing #international #opengov conversations
RETWEET and u can WIN: 49 winners will win cd's and ONE grand prize winner will win a cd, poster, and $50.00 gift card! :):)
Honored 2 B a favorite author!
Holy cow. How brave of Rep. Moore to share her story. @ BashirLive
Recording another WGIL Room podcast at 3pm. We need a topic. Seems all three of us are out of ideas.
ah, the Dim Sum makes it all worth it in the end. Enjoy the walk over there. :)
LUCKY! I wish I had his number-_-
Aren't irises beautiful? Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Oh I see
Don't waste your life trying to impress other people. Do what you love, love what you do.
We're going to see when they come back in a week yeah?:) It's a deal! x
Happy birthday ! Hugs and kisses and all that jazz :)
All Ima Say Is WATCH Your back , I Aint doing too much talkin PERIOD.
#milwakee Fun Wood Fact of the week: An average American uses about 750 pounds of paper every year, and 95% of homes are built using wood.
Thanks for letting me know. Never heard of #Storify before. Going to have to check it out.
It sure can help
Obama acknowledging Yung Jeezy is so disappointing..but then again....cocaine trafficing and the white house DO go together...
how awesome was that movie?
Thanks for the #FF!
That was rough
re: running realizations...That's why I love to walk and give my characters uninterrupted time to tell me what they need.
I actually missed being at work, lol
Way to go Mr. J!
NF follow back ?
SAY SOMETHIN CUZ YOU'RE DRIVING ME WILD<33
RT : : I can't hardly wait for my winery tour and sampling!! >>Thanks Brian! anytime
just submitted a report of this morning's creeper to and Thanks for the nudge,
Damn, talk about embarrassing.
thanks for ruining my good mood.
. It's the result of knocking on doors, making calls, attending public meetings/hearings, voting, activism.
First: evaluate current programming, identify areas for change, make adjustments!
US academics Thomas Sargent and Christopher Sims have won the 2011 Nobel economics prize
And now i guess i should go to sleep cause the babies get up #tooearly everyday :)
Case study in the Journal of AAPOS highlights need for vigilance
Sweetmeats are candies, while sweetbreads, which aren't sweet, are meat...
what's the name and number of your mr. fix it who can do windows etc?
As you know so well, this society trains, supports, reinforces & glorifies many forms of abuse for profits of all kinds.
You said it. Especially because a "rehabilitated" dog is just code for "dog with aggression history". Makes me so angry.
i'm pretty generous but my last cutoff was 45 minutes
I know the 2nd qtr is gonna be better...it has to be! Come on !! Get u some...PLEASE!! #itsthemothafu$%^%timberwolves!
Lol, we need to hang out soon!
just woke up had a rough day
Happy National Administrative Professionals Day. I like that u recognized it by not coming to work. Haha!
this one certainly kept me awake, and then some! But a bunch of hyper-articulate queer theorists are hard to keep up with...
These American Idol auditions at Petco Park are making life inconvenient for East Village residents.
Last day of school tomorrow!
your welcome-happy u guys had so much fun!
We the people need to take back our country. Working on my New Blog Pureobliteration.com hope to see you there
trying to change my password but my smart phone is being an idiot ugh.
Yes I am!!!!!! So hurry up lol
Now I know where all those horror stories about a monster grabbing your ass whilst you're doing your bidness come from.
Believe PAWS is/was a no-kill shelter, correct?
Every time Natalie Portman's Dior commercial comes on, I pretend I can speak French. Clearly, I can't but it makes me feel so preeeety!
Always love to check out new, fun ways to use QR codes-Sadly your picture doesn't show. Try reposting?
Bing: a search engine who still don't know what honey badger is. Or Google.
The closest Baby N and I are getting to #ACL this year is a jam session with Mr. Will tomorrow at !
Great 2 days of discussing scholarly communication w/#SCIspa. Now preparing for 2 days of making schol comm happen w/the #mla13 program cte.
that's gonna be a long plane ride. Rest up
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather in a lack of will
do u like the raiders? ;)
That joke was lame.....
Everyone on my #TL is experiencing the thunderstorm.
I love me some Him!!! M M M M
sure, anything for youu :)
Happy #FF to some of my #museummascot buddies and Weekend plans?
I rant, therefore I am.
Go hard or become non-existent
No, I'm not w/ now. I was co-founder & chairman/CEO thru the IPO & "back in the day." FYI, MyPoints is still jamming!
Rates ? (: Only Doing Some Tho *
JFG students High School would like to thank Dasha Saint Remy (author & poet) for her support & the incredible delivery of her poems
Stock market is going lower short-term. Bet on it! Buying puts on SPY, AAPL, EBAY, and AMZN...
Looking 4 networking opportunities on Saturday arnd
Combining and balancing personal and professional content is key to successful social media branding!
And generally a terrible one, at that.
I agree, but did you see what the articles was saying??? They even shared some kisses!!!!
Question: Why do some men think that a woman asking for child support is trying to get back at him?
It was supposed to be "on", but apparently I mistyped "ob", which the phone then autocorrected to "Obama".
i would love to come!!!! I'm gonna make it happen.
I wanna be bad. Make bad look so good!
#welovegreyson cause he's the sweetest person you will ever meet In your life(: <33
nah but they upgraded just like ya'll did
Enjoying meeting all the #PRSA Detroit members at the Luncheon. Look for live tweets during the event
Thanks for the shout, if you ever have any questions about photography feel free to shoot me a message!
breakfast soon?
That's what it looks like... but I fear I'm missing a subtlety.
Terry Did you finish book? If so, in order for me to have back on my Kindle again you have to send it back to me :)
heh! Look at your cute adolescent self
It's snowing in West Seattle. Winter is coming.
If you want to appeal your property taxes, you must turn your appeal form in by January 3, 2012!
Blackboard Elluminate is being cranky tonight-- way too many echoes
we got 9 scores recorded for you (bxk-7g)
no #abercrombiemodle you wish. LOL and that Inn is full up in
In the studio
likely unrelated and more just possible general auth issues. home_timeline is now stricter in its OAuth;
“: PB Jelly Time!!!!” the greatest of all sandwiches.
24 hours left! Accounting accounting accounting!! Ready to head back to Carmel!
Fuck cramps! Omg ):
#teamslapaho in the face
hahaha ;) lets say I'm expert at the panties but they didn't make the bras right haha
Spent a lovely day yesterday at Terry's Wisconsin home. Good food, good company, good time!
Next week we will be performing live in San Antonio, Tx.. details comeing soon
thank you for following... love what you are up to at TakePart! :)
Tomorrow is the day that I've been waiting for
Thanks be unto God who causes me to triumph!
u should shoot for early May and try and make it to the wedding
Jason Zuback on Hole 16 Long Drive hole at Fall Expo Shootout. Powerchute samples to swing
Ok got u all on a special list.Easy to keep up
my life is over. no tickets for ? someone kill me now. literally crying my eyes out now.
yes I am:) with you there cheering me on!
good story tonight...
Trying to swing in for Thursday! Looks like a great line up!
where will you be tomorrow? I am heading to Northstar.
yeah.. whats crazy is how many more PR hit jobs these cranks get to make based on the state of what else is going on under hood in apps
doubts very much that Dick Clark recorded Christmas music.test ifttt
We hope you enjoyed the event Amanda! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Really asshole! That cause I'm black!
Today was a success. I avoided the temptation to get a facial tattoo.
Woot. got an interview to continue work at my current place of employment.
That is cool. I haven't read all of his books, but everything I have read, I have enjoyed.
for comedy nite,4 dollars long islands,2dollar well drinks all nite. jazz band on deck, and dj cousin kev on the 1's and 2's
i follow can u add me ? Please? thanks!!(:
Who turns off their alarms in the middle of the night? This girl!
God bless our troops and God bless America!
tweeting all the time even though you know there's a 1 in 600 thousand chance he'll actually talk to you << :/
Ellucian? My goodness, company names are getting stranger b/c all of the good domain names were taken. :-)
Thanks for the free t-shirt #DCBikeToWork day! I score tee shirts like Dwight from !
Guy: I WON THE LOTTERY! Girl: OMG! Guy: Pack your stuff! Girl: What should I pack? Guy: Everything you gotta go.
My house smells like fruity pebbles!
#StayStrongAshley get this to WWTT come on
Rise and shine with WXII Morning News tomorrow and see what SECCA has in store for the opening Nov. 3 of "Out of Fashion." 7 -10pm. Free.
Wow! The psychology for behaviors in kids - linked to video games. Game theory + motivation = healthy kids
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful.
tbh, your post makes you sound like an angleshooter in hand1 and a whiner in hand2. Either cut out your chips....
Changed my username(:
I'm going to plant Lavender in all of the empty containers in my backyard. its pretty, easy to maintain and spells good.
no I mean when I try joking she thinks I'm being up tight. I didn't know I was offending anyone by joking
This girl is soo sweet! You guys should follow her! and she's also a mahomie, actually a proud one ;)
3 games away from glory
It's begun! Tonight's Orlando FOX 35 News jammed with anti-Obama, anti-Bill Nelson, anti-Alan Grayson TV ads. #sayfie #tcot #tlot Karl Rove
oh, they don't? I mean your giving them free food, they should take it and not complain god dammit! Such greedy people lol
My brain can't compute & exploded. RT ": He's my boo now. Back off Kell. RT See you tonight boo?"
Sure, the local pet shop should have one or two :-)
which you'd be welcome to join us for, but I assume it is out of the way and against your diet.
there is no doubt that #AustinIsOurWorld <3
"We wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment." Hilaire Belloc
hosting Smart Border Coalition meeting w/ Assemblyman Ben Hueso, Councilman David Alvarez & others re reducing border wait times.
turns out MarkLogic is a YesSQL company
lol now i finally am!!(:
Get your seats while you can. These specials look amazing!
Breaks my heart to see a homeless with a child beside him.
I like the way you talk to me.
hey my golden friend!!! keep it sexy working it out!
I'm almost ready to go take a London Transport, diesel-engined, ninety-seven horse-power omnibus.
Whats Good Ma?
This class is a joke
It won't happen. Awesome space! Thanks BTW! xoxo
“: Oh, you have a big muffler? Your civic must be so fast...” FAST
Thunder woke me up in other words woke me up since he likes thunderstorms so much...every time it thundered Joe came in mind.. !!!!
2 member quotes from business continuity session "priceless framework" "have a session like this every year". Thx to Richard Sharpe
Best of thoughts to ex D&C news editor Stan Wischnowski, who is taking a new role at the Inquirer.
aww this reminds me of high school high :)
i honestly just got my phone taken away cause i wouldn't plug a light back in when i was using the only outlet for my charger..
Omg just got called gay by a 5 year old baha "that kids gay bc he has pink on"
lol i misses u too :) ive been good hbu???(:
. Ready Foe Easter
Niggaz already wear capris....call it flood pants. Soon they gonna wear skirts....call them pantless shorts.
I don't even know what that means but it sounds awesome.
so bored :/
what I would give to re live yesterday!
"Oh, this Angry Seattle sounds like a jolly good wholesome chap. I should let my 8 year old read his posts!"
Have you taken one of our tours before?
Nice to hear from you btw. Hope the biz is going well for you.
On Fri, 9:15-10 am ET, BJS Dir Jim Lynch, discusses role of corrections in society on C-Span’s televised call-in pgram, Washington Journal.
Even attys fall victim to confirmation bias-- maybe even more than a typical juror. Should be interesting.
Of course! I'll email you in the morning! RT : Hi Gerrard it's Ms. Mae here follow me for Showbiz Tips, Free...
Lets go!
No BCS game depression in setting in.....grrr Court♡Be SIGH
"Serenity is not the absence of conflict or pain, but the ability to cope with it."
So glad! :) Oh, we cannot wait!! Looking forward!
done...what else do you want?
right now it is just south of Snohomish and slowly going more east
Hey twitter fam at home looking at braxton family..
now u no y
I could fall asleep right now. No joke.
James, asked tonight. #Aztecs and Fresno State are in "talking stage" 4 some sort of "Rivalry Cup". More when I know.
a cloudy friday in SD - but still great nonetheless.
#OneThingIDontLike Is when all of a sudden you can be cool with someone then they turn fake with you.
Not at all. The weather have me lazy. It's too cold for me to exercise.lol!! I spend most of the days trembling.
Anyone know why #MST3K episodes are never closed-captioned? In this day and age that's a rare oversight.
I am terrible at that game. so bad.
Good one!
Paul's boutique is still one of the best albums ever!
You look great! Can we put your picture up on the website?
I miss you!!!
You've really had a time of it. Prayers for you to get over this quickly and for safe travels home!
don't take my debate away comcast!
I've had the honor of listening to Eric Newhouse live twice. Enthralling and moving. A reporter I truly admire.
What? Explain.
After watching that Knicks/Bulls game, I'm starting to understand all the Melo hype.
Back at the station getting ready for Admirals hockey.
aww thanks mom!
& it's boomin, bouncing' in the trap goin' ham, I'm a Mayweather jab you a slap on the hand.
lol you will get used to it
Time to go work off some of that turkey and cheer from this weekend.
a bit of both. Plus the fact that you're OG emo.
Is it too late for me to start a boy band?
Paul Gilbert
Happy New Year!!!
Trailers Schwinn Spirit Bike Trailer - schwinn spirit bicycle trailer
Still Shopping with Still Can't decide wat I want to wear to prom
Why is everyone with iphones so jello and stressing the fact androids have instagram.like get over it ,its a fucking app !!
vegan and steak aren't allowed in the same sentence.
Python collection is out of this world! Omg... can I have everything in the collection please?
Emerging theme concerning animal-mineral proprioception.
RT Chef Point Cafe in the Conoco Gas station at 5901 Watauga Road 76148”> gas station restaurant in
I'm good, girly! How are u feeling?
Yes it was great to meet you again too and catch up on Crawford Street classic moments!
Oh and we walked to the pub so everything evens out :)
Off to work i go! Hope it goes by fast
You down to ride?
Well done, Bill. Congrats.
Did anything good happen this weekend? Catching up on the news from the past few days.. So depressing! Too many deaths.
Crap. Are you supposed to tip mattress delivery guys? Serious question. You are, right?
One test done. Two to go.
You're moving to DC? Cool!
RT if u have a BlackBerry!
Evidently Tupac has arisen in the form of a hologram that performed at Coachella. He even has a twitter account
I hope lebron doesn't think he can guard melo
ok I'll most likely be in south beach for the weekend
I guess once all the paperwork is in order they will be signing next week. Congratulations are in store for Fakahatchee. Way to go guys
Woohoo! Thanks for sharing! :)
Next week is going to be weird since most of the team is hitting the Cubs game on Monday Night.
Mammy and Paps are home (:
purpose of jails was rehabilitation &an alternative to corporal punishment
Hey all you bamboozle people! Anyone want to get a picture of Jordan holding up a sign say I <3 Breck? Nah? I thought so.
Bray congratulations on the wife and the baby what u haveing
Instagram has been around for 551 days and is worth $1 billion. The New York Times has been around 117 years and is worth $967 mil. Wow.
just a lot with my grandpa
Iwa.. I paid for the trademark midwest...
I have an upcoming event for Patch. How can I submit it to you?
Stay in your own lane
As a CSU guy, I should know that RT : Greg McCoy was a conference special teams player of the year in the MWC.
No worries, next time!!
Whoa, sky lit up, house shook, thundersnow in crazy surreal Seattle.
Countdown 2 launching #entrepreneurship content/social-networking web platform, Skillcenter.
THE PULSE on POWER 98.3 is LIVE. Stream live at power983fm.com !
I can't focus! this is all 's fault!
lol shut up
RT : Awesome! just got a call from People Magazine and Streetza will be in next week's issue.
Thank you! I really appreciate that. GOod night :)
Hahaha! We were jamming to "Boyfriend" the other day. I'm a little ashamed.
This is waayyy too early to be up and working.
My kids have been walking five months.. wouldn't you think by now I would remember to leave the house with their shoes on them?
Buzzed gonna hit the strip tonight
Encouragement is the oxygen of the soul
Comedy rules as TV networks start new season - Two and a Half Men without Charlie Sheen, Modern Family,Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your...
I goes to sleep late n get up early
-- interesting -- no tweets -- are you mute
Oh, if you're talking about Fifty Shades of Grey you can just skip it altogether.
Follow us face book and twitter and receive a free class
Came across my $1 bill that says Beautiful Series. Glad to see it knowing that series was a true turning point for me. Thanks
And how old are yu gonna be?
either that or they just blocked you heh?
I highly doubt that.
Banana split blizzard >
We Got Your Back Justin ♥
Drunk people always tryna fight
Wanna know what I got for myself? A white mocha frap -___- haha too tired to shop for me
let's get fucked
Good morning twitter! wuddupp ✌
tired and ready for a nap!
We do expect that practice in journalism, even if it's lazy and anti-intellectual. But why would allow it?
Regarding 5k - GREAT idea! We do a couple each year and would LOVE to see an industry specific one.
36 hours until the temporary return of the Bean, our college freshman, now almost a sophomore. So proud of her fabulous first year!
Will completely avoid. Dude has turned himself into a complete punchline. Reality shows, self serving books......embarrasing
Sounds like fun! :) Debating on whether or not I should take a shower...Hmm...x
she cant love you, like i can.
Too bad didnt challenge to boxing match like CPortis attempted in '04, wouldve been interesting
because my honey decided he wanted to sleep wild last night and roll all the way over to my pillow.
RT Join Us Twitter Party w/ May10 3pm ET in celebration #Moms w/our friends Use
ah ok Wat u got plan for today
that's what makes you beautiful 🎶🎶
McNabb: After Data Breach, follow tips for Yom Kippur. Make amends and acknowledge what you did.
the biggest problem with most math teachers is that they love math.
thanks ! we had a blast!! see you soon!
It's been a month and a half since I've had soda!! I feel great :) only been drinking water juice and milk (cept alchohol lol hehe)
It's official I'm losing my phone on Valentines Day
I'll let u know. You can be my first customer, free session for your first time.
Congress asks that only men who are “are good seamen, or so acquainted with maritime affairs be able to serve.”
the Moravians were really passionate folks. Love to read about them
This pain is bringin me to tears no bueno
Resting in Evening Prayer: Turn the darkness into light before me, Lord God, and make the rough places smooth. ~via RT
ugh wtf this is the Astros. Do better!
Come roc my world
My favorite snocone stand is now open and on Twitter!
Sony Tablet S Ice Cream Sandwich update incoming
Life is like riding a bike . In order to keep your balance , you gotta keep moving (:
RT : Success isn’t an event it’s a lifestyle.
Why were men given larger brains than dogs? So they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
....before I left he said next class but idk did he change it?
saltine crackers taste pretty good.
the final score was 8 to 1. I doubt the umps truly affected that game.
Happy 4th of July to everyone.....
Just me, a bottle of wine, and some Grey's.
Ladies if u have a payment arrangement with your cellular provider u got some bullshit pussy or you're single
Que cool! We need to start planning next #SocialChicas event & gifts RT : wore sexy bikini yesterday! thank you!
Problem for rural schools- it's a "small" and isolated view for rural learners and commumities.
Awesome! Love it! BTW, hello and thanks for the follow. :)
These random ass numbers
Funna get wavy
The 3 W's of life.
Sorry, nope. Just to Chicago. We have tix to it, though! RT : is the civic tour coming to Milwaukee this year?
That tree trimmer needs nose hair trimmers
Oh so true I am looking forward to Earth Day, great events happening in #Orlando Legendary Timmy Thomas sending a great mess.
NETH is back at it tonight!!!
and i would like to remain unmurdered ha
strive to be very BEST in your niche, offering prospects most authenticity, real content, & incredible solutions.
I'll let you know when I get back.
I'm glad Twitter made it easier to unfollow people by just clicking their names. :)
Irving Wladawsky-Berger - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Did you buy an ipad?
A! RDA Toolkit is a bigger piece of shit than #RDA! And I didn't think anything could be gimpier than RDA.
na shes not like that.. she's probably with her bestfriend. I have a feeling not that it bothers me but at least let me know..
Dear There is a cute chubby kid sitting by the cameras on the parquet floor who is not getting nearly enough airtime.
nope, other way around. I'm calling you Captain.
goodnight got early basketball practice! :/
Normal is only a state of mind. If the stress of the Man wears you down do something different. I suggest #NoPants ever. :)
i hate that stupid dance the atlanta cheerleaders do during take me out to the ballgame
Happy to be joined by this Sunday morning on #liveatdaybreak. is on honeymooning with Mr. Ritka.
better get those magic pants on like braun
Looks like maybe the red purse belongs to someone else.
Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce is the poor man's Sixty Seconds Street.
Thanks for follow... Interested to speak with you.
Austin Mahone should go on a date with me :)
Ha, right on! My girl Jen is awesome! She keeps me on track & aligned with a meaningful life :),
This Day in History: Make Way for Ducklings, author Robert McCloskey is born. This is one of our favorite books, what's one of yours?
wow! thats soo cool :) ive always wanted to go there, my moms from there I think :) and ive got to go :p ttyl ;)
Work work work. Email, events management and planning. Rinse repeat.
It’s National Chips and Dip Day! Come by Wisma for a sampling of homemade dips, schmears, crackers and chips for your weekend gathering!
who won the new kids cruise that was suppose to be rafflws a couple of months ago
No he justs gets involved in a shouting match between carpenter and Morgan that blows into bench clearing event - didn't concern him
Here comes the rain again falling from the stars<3 everytime i hear that song i think of him<3
Great turn by Schoenfield there.
Hello everyone!!! I'm gonna be giving away tickets to April 28 Solo Boxeo event at the Santa Ana Star Casino, who wants to go????
On my second session of the day
If you need a second camera op, storyboard artist, grip, gaffer or anything else, I can help! I've been studying film 7 years
ugh. I only go to Whole foods for their reliable yet over priced supply of I try to avoid their tiny, packed stores.
Summer Wheat?
I feel you same here I need to come to the block and fuck wit y'all ! I kno I ain't been around
Had a great night at Off to see at the double door!
Berger cookies and birthday Oreos!
"I'll see you tomorrow with my tools FUCKFACE!!!" RT : ": "SHOULD I BRING MY FUCKIN TOOL BOX!!??"”
The start of tension is the end of talent. !!!.
You are the Vice President of the AFL Alumni Association. How important is this to those former players, coaches, staffers, etc?
dude seriously CALL me
Julia Louise Woodruff~ Out of the strain of the Doing Into the peace of the Done.
Haha hell yeah!
probably in the 7 mil/yr neighborhood. We should be able to swing that I'd say.
“: Denver = turnt up” yea we go ham
sunchoke, so yummy, definitely my favorite vegetable!
Over 600! This one has materials from the 50s, 60s, and 70s -- mostly late 60s/early 70s. Pretty cool stuff!
I'll do what I can :) if your into rap music follow my boy and listen to his songs he's doing big things.
Computers have lots of memory but no imagination. ~ Anon
Red walls glazed bathroom
“: Just about standing room only in the breakout sessions today. Wow! #idea10”
Ignorant people <<<<
We really weren't expecting anything from you. After all, you are members of Congress.
One paper down; now I'm looking at pics of lolcats instead writing about processualists and post processualists arguing amongst each other
I sent Mommy a picture of my hair drama, and she responded, "I bleed the blood of Jesus upon your hair" Gotta love African moms.
Ya, they are called dumb asses, plain and simple!!!
getting my MacBook in 3 days for school I'm too excited! for the win!
I'm Not Ready for Dessert, I Just Want Some Leads
Oh. Fucking Lakers man........ :'( how can they not finish off the nuggets -_-
Meeting with a person from Kensington International today to receive some career transition coaching and to go over my resumes.
Homework time
Absolutely, and the sooner the team realizes it the better.
Some good news: Bag with keys and wallet (with all cards) recovered. Phone and cash still gone, but this is better.
Hey , , - did u know has over 30 THOUSAND tweets?
Replay was one of my favorite bars! The patio is bad ass! Have fun in Austin.
Spending the last hour of the workday catching Murray State University's All Campus Sing Live Streaming
Ai-jen Poo dedicates her award to the 2.5 million women who are domestic workers serving others.
Looking good for Spurs in 3.
Do fish sleep?
Been auditing #SAA DAS webinars. Part of the DAS subcommittee work. We have so many smart, fantastic people in this profession.
it's "alliance2012"
*yawn* guess I'll cuddle up to the cute cub next to me and go back to sleep. Morning sex is hot too ...later men!
Thanks for the shout out! RT : Today 1000 days on Twitter: and
I'm pretending like I'm not waiting. And failing.
Direct Message me it.
whoa whoa, at least I don't look like an even uglier version of Jessie J
SmogCheck We're open M-F 8am-5:30pm Sat. 8am-3pm call if you have any questions or would like to make an appointment 951-247-0557
You're only 16 you have the rest of your life ahead. Stop stressing.
thanks for the kind words about knits men want. and please, if you have any questions about any of my patterns, just ask!
that's my favorite question! I hate questions like- so where do you see yourself in five years? Uh hopefully working for you?
raises $1.8 million for babies statewide today. Incredible turnout as 6,000 march in MSP. Great to see everyone out there!
Just trying to understand what is going on with the world, it's 2012 and we still have to deal with the ignorance of those who are ignorant!
that was perfect omg
Can't wait to be able to study at home again. Practically living @ Crown Library due to course reserve books.
says the 2nd most important preparation was to learn multiple platforms. Take video, write, take photos, do audio.
aw I'm sorry soon bb soon
I figured.....but just in case anyone out there wasn't sure.... hehehe
Headed home
RT“: Broncos trainers/medical staff on the plane. And so it comes down to this: Greek v Burton Elrod”
i hope Chris Hart gets hit by a bus... and lives so he can feel the pain.
Back on my grizzy this summer
Going thrifting today for the new apartment and some shoots in the new year. Looking for ripped denim, cheetah print and a toaster oven.
Am i the only one that is disappointed that battlefield 3 is doing close quarters maps? Feels like theyre trying to be another game.....
Thanks for bringing all those great treats for birthday! Too bad he isn't here to enjoy them. M...
Yes, but QR codes are everywhere now. I wonder if it will just take a bit of learning time or if people will give up.
For the Mahomies going to the NYC concert you guys are going to see Austin perform 'Say Somethin' for his first time. LUCKY BITCHES...
Some peoples tweets are OUT THERE..... If ya know what i mean.
New phone works great!
CIVILIANS were being killed by Hamas who was using them as shields for covering weapons. YOU ARE BIASED!
How close are you all?
On the road again.
RT : Sometimes the biggest problem is in your head. You've got to believe. -Jack Nicklaus
Really made me mad real quick
T.Jones is putting on a
What a lovely morning.
Sounds lovely! Downstairs cafe? They had great food!
hey I think it's broke. (;
you know that I'm here for you girl! You can always talk to me. Just keep your head up, and keep smiling. It gets better.
I'm not stupid , I'm a smart little cookie
Good morning and greetings tweeps:-)
SWTOR Support: Try to get put in a waiting queue for an hour, finally make it into one, wait 3 more hours, get disconnected. PERFECT.
Haven't played Gears 3 lately. Lots of Saints Row The Third & soon Mass Effect 3.
All them freaks and geeks......
Sometimes it is better to sit your behind in a real desk and chair without wearing jammies and online multitasking :)
Hincapie: Ur organizing resulted in investigation of , which resulted in cancellation of Maricopa county
it's next on the list. May save it for tomorrow night.
some kid last night asked if i wanted to buy a psychedelic vagina necklace.
So full.
I'm really thinking bout joining bike club
we got a camp I think at CNU on June 17th !
Lets go CATS
Thanks for the RT! Keep spreading the wood is good word!
Ah, James Morrison live on VH1!!! >>>>
All of the lights.
SueAnn just asked who Dick Clark was???!!!
Take all my dreams, and make them true..
Loved the Reservoir Dogs reference on #BobsBurgers tonight.
good to hear! makes my heart warm that individuals w/special needs r living a good life! Ur bro is lucky 2 have u as a sis.
and they're always in the lower level while the true fans are in the upper level. makes no sense to me.
i then did everything i had to do on the computer today
Got ya! Well I only had one my whole life, growing up. Before I found out I was allergic lol.GermanShepherd and his name: Sam
Useless/irrelevant fact of the day: Killer whales are really Orcas, not whales. You're welcome Twitterverse.
listenin to my cousin (Bruno Mars: lol j/k)..i wish<<nite beautiful ppl <3
Blue Bird Named Extra Mile Award Recipient for Commitment to Environment and ... - School Transportation News
oh new grad student chatter
how does a crackhead buy crack if there poor
I'm gonna have no more belly in a few weeks
Hot, scruffy janitor is next step down. Followed by hot, scruffy homeless person. There are surely steps below that.
Sounds like my kind of night!
What me and just did>>>
Hanging with and
aw! Amul! You make a girl blush! Thx! Can't wait to see ya thurs!
Find dolma at: THE QUEEN BEES 2732 N. HIGHLAND AVENUE JACKSON TN 38305
Oh my gosh girl thats gorgeous you'll deff be turning heads ;) Do you go to Avon?
At the diner. Time for tater tots
coffee - nectar of the gods
I just want a RT, or even better a reply! #Grifflan(:
That's Dramatic!!!!
hm i wonder what that is . you should dm and tell me :)
send me your email, ill send you some samples
Let Sammy Watkins' arrest be a lesson. Drugs can and will ruin an athlete. Don't be an idiot.
of course!
Topic for 2012 is dumb and stupid things men/women say lol lets go in lol
My girlfriend just told me we r not getting married. Maybe she is afraid of commitment
Open today at 4. Join us in the Pier Bar at 7 for the Kevin Jacobs Band. SMILE BIG!
Soon to be back at
Boo bye
just tweeted you! :D
I know what will be my favorite album whenever it drops...Gold Cobra!
It doesn't hurt to try.
I miss Milwaukee too. I'm in Atlanta!!
good looking out dawg
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!??
Deciding which I want to watch less ... #CNN: #RickSantorum will be on with #JayLeno tonight.
“: don't be nervous. I'll press my button for you. I think you could make it big someday!”
Mine is your/you're. Drives me up a wall.
what are long-term rentals in Key West going for? Any chance of a 1-1 for under $1,300 that allows a big dog? He's old and mellow.
I like the Hargrove move. Addressing the d line is exactly what we needed. Now let's draft an outside linebacker.
...if only there were recent pics so we could feel close to M. and see what she's up to...sigh!
Which American independent film became the first and only film with an original X rating to win The Academy Award for Best Picture?
I miss u! Ur never over
My laundry looks like the Trash Heap from Fraggle Rock. It's slowly inching its way towards me, about to swallow me whole. Brunch first!
“The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.” ― Gloria Steinem
RETWEET this if you are excited for the Pens game tonight!!!
I guess it will depend on your culture and upbringing.
Mamma Mia...let's talk PIZZA! How do you like your pizza topped? Are you a thin, thick, or hand tossed fan?
WE NEED ONE LIKE!!!
oh girl who you talkin bout ;)
#dearsanta P.S. about the cookies...it may be best to wait until you get back to the n.pole b4 eating the rum balls
WTF!!! what did he say???
awee, I miss you too! (:
YES!!! Thanks DD and AD! Jim Furyk woo hoo!
Wow to the response against SOPA; social media has given the people an outlet to revolt against bills like never before
he's too cute haha.
I think I just might postpone working late. Instead, drink some sleep tea, curl up, listen to the rain, and wake up early-early
Another great meeting for #OBMA Thanks
Bam! Ryan SMASH partisan rhetoric!
- YW! Thanks for the mention!
Breaking news: James Harrison to be fined 50k for Suggs ACL injury.
I had one student there to introduce the laureate that visited our school. It was an amazing, amazing day.
I really love the movie Burlesque. The man in this movie is a plus too!! 
Love comes to those who still hope after being disappointed, who still believe after being betrayed, and who still love after being hurt.
On CQ.com now, CQ Today tomorrow: Congress and Obama officials lay out some plans for chopping, managing, keeping parts of the spy budget.
im sure you could find a million things to say about me and im fine with that if that makes you feel like a better person
Been on photoshop for an hour trying to edit something...nothing significant progression has been made.
Thanks for the follow back! How are you tonight?
lol youre not supposed to put stuff like that on twitter!
Byebye Chase! Hello, LA Federal Credit Union. Closed my Chase account yesterday... and good riddance.
": getting unfollowed is my forte lols"lost a few today myself easy come easy go
Great office into Geynyuk of sea You look photographs and ReviewNumber and the commentary Rating and ReviewRating to verif :-)
Bend and Snap. # LegallyBlonde
Summer is nearing, what are you doing to prep for the ever-warming weather? Perhaps booking your next visit with us?
“knowledge is sometimes the key to authority, and authority is the key to power"
I ride for my niggas.
Happy Birthday !!!
Good night sweet prince CC just put you to sleep
this weekend my biggest goal is to go to a barnes & noble store and buy cooking books :)
Dont be afraid to call timeout after your team scores when making a run to comeback. They need to rest so the stops continue...and the run t
Hey! Back home now, still adjusting to the real world. Travels were great, what are you up to?
the question is are u ready for it Nick?
For sale: One ticket to Game Four, #Mavs vs. Thunder at American Airlines Center, Saturday May 5
MERRY CHRISTMAS! tell us about some of the cool shit you guys got!
PLEASE COVER YOUR MOUTH.
learning about ball pythons and zombies and other gross things! now off to class
the turtles are from NY lol
The new #Mercedez-Benz fashion week Madrid kicks off today
PlZ RT: Any New York actors wanting commercial coaching from NY casting director David Cady. tweet me 4 sides & information. Mon night
We touch I feel a rush We clutch it isn't much But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
thanks for the reblog!
Some people change, and some remain the same... That's just how life is.
Sounds like a plan. A very good plan :)
What a cool option for out of town family and friends! Technology is amazing.
Just checked out Positively Fifth Street Prepping for my Great Read Alike Panel
did you gather headshots and stuff?
yo dude are you still alive or have you had a Caps heart attack yet
ayyyyyy mane just for the world you know u my dawg G for everyone that be forgettin
Karma is a bitch
How old is too old when it comes to trick or treating? Some towns in California say 12 years is the limit...what do you think?
Home Sales Down 13% in Month but Up 13% in Year
Mosquito! Weird
shut up
UGH WOMEN RT : Nothing ruins #marchmadness like ESPN feeling obligated to cover the women's tournament.
Have a good day sweet boy! (;
room 317 usiakabsbkzoshshzjsiejbaban. best thing I've ever read.
hahaha it's literally terrible how much I crave it!
One word comes to mind everytime I do that. "Useless."
Yeah - I know - been a stranger. But I miss y'all :)
Beach again. Lol
Andrew Jean-Baptiste kept the match from being a worse 4-1 #Timbers loss.
lol when u do watch that... Invite me lol
E-mail us your most irrational fear for use on a future podcast!
Available to translate for us? English to French-Canadian.
RIP Junior Seau, one of the game's greats.
but when i order it i still don't get the planner :/ it's for asia only.
I gotta see you soon.
rt we can make it separate but together we can #move mountains
I'm talking to
lol you know this plateau sucks major butthole
Just left IHOP on Brookpark *rolls kush* gonna get blazed then smash these blueberry pancakes *yum yum yum* in my fat girl voice
Listening to Podcast feels like I'm in Artist 101 class!
omg omg omg, that looks identical to !!!!!!
The Silk Tie likes townbound! you are modern, thesilktie.com
I'm good! Pleasure to meet you!
Haha, Lauren Lauren Lauren. I'm good thanks for asking. How you been? I'm going to Jordan this August finally.
Tomorrow shall be the start of Musical March!
Pierce cant defend Josh Smith tonight
Somethin bout a truck
I'll try to find a contact person for you.
SHOT OUT FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 7. British royal wedding, Made up 70+% of all social media mentions....
RT #Republican because I fight for my freedom to be uninformed, uneducated, uncompromising, intolerant, and unjust
I'm pretty sure I just met the most annoying person in the world
I love you too sexy face!
S/O for comin thru and droppin some knowledge on some young up-and-coming producers
Hanging in there... finishing my first year of my new job. Can't wait for year too. Less stressful. How are you?
watching the bears game and were losing
I can take it. See you in Fayetteville this fall.
You're a beautiful girl, and you can do anything you want in life. - Jeanine Pirro
I can't reply to your DM unless you start following me... which would be great either way.
Thanks for the RT and spreading the word!
I feel like all of you should text momma Sprinkle and tell her Happy Mothers Day and thank her birthing this red-bearded beauty bear 7531776
A blast it's so nice to get away, and Lake Sweetwater down in Brown County I love it here, have you been in SC all break?
": be a G and go on at like 1 am and ill play you"i can do this!madden n to 2k
Ohh beautiful Springpad iPad app, why must you distract me from studying for my Russian Lit exam :).
just watching secret life and waiting on eli. Lol.
In case you were wondering what to watch on television, Navy SEALs is on Fox 12 right now. You're welcome.
To find vols for transcription, use google -- look for existing interest groups online that would care abt what you're doing.
You got that right. I don't give a damn who likes it, I'm always gonna be just me. I don't ever pretend to be someone I'm not
Taken modenine lyrics as valium can't sleep
True story. I've gone out w/ lots of bitches in the past couple yrs. Ready for a real woman, lol
Taking a scientific approach is the best way, as you said. Hypothesis, change, test, reconsider... repeat.
congrats! Prestigious victory. UCLA is proud of your defensive performance. OK i'm ready for the offseason now.
some call me radical, I call myself realistic
Party at my house
Mamas oven sound good I'm too hungry
Today in 1995, 'The Charlatans' by the Charlatans reaches
“: #Aquarius ♒ . JAN-20 FEB-18 Ruling Planets: Saturn & Uranus Element: Air Quality: Fixed .”
we stop doing that long ago.......we might be back soon
is in the House! (Helen C. House Party, that is)
I truly dig you and I sing to your shit in my lonesome cuz it just feels so real to me
I'm not alone!
Call me naive, but I am floored by the ridiculous racism coming out of Boston after the Caps victory and Ward's goal. Shameful.
The Heat are DOMINATING!!
#njtechme hearing about this Borg like device from Stevens student
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures
I'm happiest when I'm swearing at the homeless
Change of environment = Fresh perspective. Fresh perspective = Opport to hope. Hope = Fuel to work, create & love. (via )
I want to be a stand-in eater for Best Thing I Ever Ate!! Please!
Just arrived in new York so stoked miss you brotha!!!
PLEASE END>>>
The enemy is a thief in the night and ready to steal your joy at every opportunity. Don't let him! #OurGodIsGreater!!
Oddly, I'm finding myself compiling a mental list of things I will miss when we move. 1) my favorite coffee place 2) no traffic 3) Fresh air
At Verizon. Momma's Droid1 may have finally bit the dust!
listen to ur show every morn. WTF is chili doing on the radio. All he says is, "what?!" Shouldnt u have some sort of a vocab.
If my next adventure race involves blowing leaves look out!
So many librarians, only so much wifi!
hey girl all the vi s trying to get together for crystals show in Lima Ohio on Aug 3 you should come wuld love to meet you
good to know.
OH..SPELL CHECK BOGUS 👀 RT : It's hilarious Marv.
any suggestions to avoid the dry mess? we have 2 dz eggs to eat!
Going to watch #Raw for the first time in FOREVER. Blocking out the world BYE.
instead of saying 'right' she said 'white' lmao
Thanks for the shout-out! You are fabulous. Have a great Friday!
Of that bunch I like VY (Moss in town), Fitzpatrick (surprisingly doing well), and possibly Garrard.
Thanks supporters who tweet me. Now I know you can't be trusted as well.
LloydMartin is fun, but haven't had their c'tails.
The U.S. Senate confirmed Adam Namm as the new U.S. Ambassador to Ecuador.
you're a weirdo. =p
Ball out today Mr. Simmons
Is it sad that I found out was home from an app? Haha
Puppies have a special place in my heart, they make me so happy :)
#waystoimpressme open doors for me!
So....I guess I remember this next year before I go out and buy bottles for everyone else's birthdays.
Hey, do you know who is organizing the Austin Beer Fest? None of the contact forms on the site seem to be working.
#wmata disaster this morning to race. Train offloaded and made us late. No special treatment after all!!
zoiks! the way this is starting out...this may be a rough, rough weekend (...but in a good way...hehehehe)
Makin mistaks is fun sometimes
You'd swear my house just survived WWII. Crying, yelling, barking and more.
You bother the crap outta me. Why won't you let me ask you ONE QUESTION? I did everything for you..
#Weight-Loss: Hormonal control is the key to #weight-control. It is possible to achieve this with #diet. Avoid #carbohydrates excess.
if ya really hated me you should be brave enough to tell me
San Diego in for a good show. Damn wish i was there aha
#np If There's Love by Citizen Cope
*hugs you tight* how have you been? <333
that awkward moment when you argue with you parents about something then you both realize you both were wrong
RT : I wanna go to Di Pasquales..italian food..yum..
I was truly blessed t/know Madeleine.L'Engle.Remembering now as I struggle w/revisions how she was there for me!
done. it comes from ""
": #FF She's only like 4'9" but she's still good for a laff lol"((u funny
#CreativeCloud yea demo time
S/O to all the dads today! We hope you have a great Father's Day!
Me too, me too! it got great ratings too!
BOOING a HURT players is NEVER acceptable. Saying it's just called "playing physical" is such a shame. No room on my timeline for that!!
#SWIMLounge offers pool time snacks for kids & thirst quenching vacation drinks like Mai Tais & Mojitos. Come sip today:...
looking for online space where lots of varied professionals in one org can share, learn, and develop strong bonds
This is getting ridiculous.
Fuck im tired.
And I never thought I'd say this, but Drew Stubbs has been absolutely tearing it up offensively!
it's 5am do you know where your kid is at? LOL
NASCAR, gay rights, abortion, vagazzling and boob jobs all in the same improv
It's obvious the does not want the Heat to lose in the first round. This is not sports we are watching.
what's the 411 on the opening night??
Listening to guest speaker from Marvin Poer speak at our Midwest sales summit about how much he needs his costar. Good stuff!
just applied for summer graduation.... *gulp*
Take Advantage of our weekend specials!!!
Today in physics my teacher said "the light doesn't only move in ONE DIRECTION" I almost fell off my chair
In McDonald mclovin life with John and Gaby. No twitter (:
Is there any in-depth side-by-side analysis of PIPA and SOPA available out there?
Is something going on special today?? :).
Working the reflex points in the feet and hands improves circulation, brings more oxygen, stimulates the nerves, and generally feels great!
Can't sleep like always! So much on my mind
i like bitches who like to get right with it..
Can we talk about the Queen and her pocketbook?
i love your hair.
You know what #GetsMeMad every asshole that doesnt believe in turn signals
oh! Lol! I had a slow ass moment
I watched it I watched it. Ghosts!
#Onlymygrandparents would 1) have 3 recyclable bags from ABC liquors and 2)come back from ABC with the bags filled.
i can't wait till my Hunger Game books get here.. im still gonna go to Barnes and Noble to buy more books..
In the past hour, I have literally sneezed once every two minutes. If I get sick, someone's getting punched in the face.
Wow! Really impressed with the new business model. Great idea!
observation: "mans" is not spellchecked but "womans" is
is anybody else up, this early? Who doesnt have school? Exactly.
Ski North Ga Yes Georgia Sky Valley Clayton Ga on NC Border RT
Having to go find public wifi bc the hotel connection is slower than dial-up
B-O-O-S-I-E B-A-D-A-Z-Z that's me! Red bone caramel all of em stop and stare. all of em trying to steal my underwear...WIPE ME DOWN!
hahaha i know right! add me ill delete someone right now! lol gt is jenny gunz
yes this is real! Can you get a plane flight to NJ by Sat? We'll ship the tix now. Recipient must be 18yrs+.
#everfeellike there aren't true real friends anymore?
Ya, got pretty drunk off the Four Loko...
High, wide, and Happy. RT : Harvick is mowin' down the roses...
Smoke sum'n today, tho. RT : Smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
Looking forward to the Miami 5K tomorrow
"As one door closes, another door opens. The are no mistakes in the Universe"
Everybody's an artist. Everyone's God. It's just that they're inhibited - Yoko Ono
Which is better, drinking a poison because you love its taste or denying the experience of pain for fear of what you might learn & feel?
Just finished first group meeting for #LIBR283. 1st group decision: postpone our meeting until Sunday @ 8:30pm.
Retweets for James J. McDonnell by campaign team tonight.
RT : This Viking fan doesn't want #4 and feels so strongly about it he will drop the team he has spent 29 years rooting for.
Simply tell us who you think will play in the Super Bowl for a chance to win $10! Reply w/answer to enter. Ends today!
Chilln in the student center
Abc announcers so delusional. World peace never even saw who was behind him. He could have been hitting his own guy for all he knew.
avoiding busy-ness today and focused on what matters most.
Hey! Weeks wasn't a fuckup!
Trip over a storm at your own risk, unless it's a friendly storm.
Funny how can always squeeze out just a little more toothpaste if you really have to.
WE GOT ENUFF TO START A TOUR... WHADDUP
#IfGiaWasMyWife well ya know it's going down! #LesbiHonest 😉
getting ready to sign with FBI
First half commercials very disappointing. And the social media pre-game hype only adds to the ad letdown.
Break a leg my friend.
I will never set foot in North Carolina, or any state that votes for discrimination on any level.
Drinkin moonshine w/ Fierce Creatures, who have adopted me.
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
They are the best, right? That performance closes the film. Hope you enjoyed it...
was it the bartender then? Idk he called me like buggn over an onion booty haha had me dyinnnnnn
you just want to melt down! i won't!! (putting my hand to my feverish brow) i won't! you won"t break me again! NO! got doughuts?
hm...hate is such a strong word. Teehee :P How about I just throw something at you? lolz
Hey Big Sissssssss!!!(:
RT #music101 Don't keep tellin me ur Movement/Campaign is "CRAZY" when u hav less than 500 Followers, Likes, etc Be Humble & Grind
Can it please be like this outside on Friday? #brewers #openingday CAN'T WAIT!!
awesome! Just got back from canoeing for 5 hrs!!! So much fun!
if a guy cries its not cuz his pussy... its cuz he's really hurt.
Beautiful fall weather makes for gorgeous salads at ! Come on out tonight, it's fish Fryday!!
The whole shebang, so to speak.
I am Trayvon Martin,Ramarley Graham,Rekia Boyd,Kenneth Chamberlin,Troy Davis,Sean Bell, Jarrel Gray!Damn I am way 2 many ppl! Stop!
Good morning
Did you know that even if you're married, out of the house, and working, you can still be on the 'rents insurance until 26?
baby I miss you
give the defense and the kicker the offenses salary.
“Do not overspend trying to make a super-elaborate presentation”
Zack, I'm not a matador so take the bull outside
I need to get my sleep cuz in two weeks I defiantly won't be gettin any...
is back w/ another #speedbusters Monday night on #TMJ4. We go 2 Greenfield where neighbors literally cheered when we showed up!
We could but u just putting it out on twitter . But its w.e idgaf if u like me or not .
Happy Easter from Uncle Jim's Foods!
First I should respect me like am doing that 2 U...then..my question is...Do U hate arabs ? If yeah..tell me why..?!
Hey Big Papi sweet sun glasses bro. You look like a douche with those colored lenses. It's not 1996 anymore
I heard that you settled down, that you found a girl, that you're married now.
Can't sleep
We live in an era of 'self promotion'. As amazing as everyones lives seem to be, It's important to realize that nobodies life is perfect.
just had a deep moment when I was writing
The merciful man does good for his own soul, but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh. Proverbs 11:17
Ladies and Gentlemen, The A, Z, and A, N, S, R, will be running a little funny today. Sari for the inconvenience.
Not one player on the current Clippers roster was on the 2006 team the last time they won a first round playoff series (vs. Denver in 5).
Liberty Mountain on ENews! Awesome
Hey , thanks for yet another distraction from studying for finals.. In the meantime.. Download Heads up with Christiano!
Has to sleep on the couch tonight. #ohjoy -_-
Loving my first Love....Its what comes Natural, Composing all day:)
how tall is Derek Smits?
People who don't know how to play wwf 😣
People that complain about others being annoying are just as annoying as the people theyre complaining about
Lmfao i kinda figured.
I have been wearing a hat all day.
finally done with grading/ending this is bittersweet
imm good too , lol a little bit in vocation but i never saw you in Rd .:S loveu.<3
Wow! What an awesome #ABAchat thanks to for facilitating. Signing off. Goodnight all.
Fair. We are KILLING it on the Simpsons.
Holy shit I have an audition for a television pilot!!!
Observing tweets w/ BSE vs Mad Cow.Good info.under 1st fear&speculation under 2nd.How2get #BSE info 2 people who only know #madcow?
Me and Ms. Jones we gotta thing going on.
sup sup sup
I c u ontop of shit with the quickness my dude!!! Let's Win!!!
I LOVE YOU. HAD MY PHONE. THEN DIDN'T. THEN DID. AND NOW IM ON MY MOMS PHONE BECAUSE SHE FOUND MI LAPTOP.
I'll be in VEGAS in 2 days! I want to come check out Surrender!!
Mexican food <3 YES.
Just got back from Jersey...Had a snooki sighting..Had a blast!
thanks for the follow! Interested in #publicdiplomacy?
not very good bro
It is not known precisely where angels dwell whether in the air, the void, or the planets
One and done is an NBA rule.
Happy Friday! Have a safe weekend!
Stop trying to manage so many sites I guess [not sure which are yours]. Hard to divide time.
wow!, LA that is outstanding!
Never let anyone tell you you is not BEAUTIFUL .
True and there's a tip must not be a magnum!
we do not yet have an Android app... iPhone only for now
What others think of you is really none of your business when you think about it
So sick of being sick.
is he verified?
Obama endorsed it, and also said its a state's decision. NY = ball rolling. I bet he jumps on.
Praying for to have an encouraging night. Trust that God is in control!
Justin's favorite quote account - go follow her :))
is lame for hacking my twitter :P
do not use Morris Jenkins in Charlotte NC area
Definitely going to need to see the film. The webcam kept blanking out on me. :(
Happy to see over office today.
you swear you gonna influence me to name my son some bullshit. Lmao
What else is there to say. Sad day for the tech world! “I want to put a ding in the universe.” -RIP Steve Jobs
October 18th, 2012. Where will you be?
Twitter Poll! Where do you buy your Banzai Sushi? A) Banzai Website B) Walmart C) Costco D) HEB E) Other (specify) - Thank you!
First stop in Boston after getting rental car? Neptune Oyster for lobster rolls. thinks we need to share one next time.
haha okay I see how it is then!
SocialToaster is still hiring. Sales positions open in Baltimore, New York and Los Angeles. If interested contact:
thank you! I'll keep working!
insecurity? How? Your fucking beautiful Summer!!
“: need West Ham to keep fighting !!! #team #edge” Absolutely YES
Bobcat on #Waitwait this week so....its kinda like #Xmas for me
I have school tomorrow. Fuck.... This makes me unbelievably sad. 😭👎
#ASTD2012 the single best strategy for implementing a Sales Enablement initiative is to do a pilot before you roll it out on a large scale
you bringing the LYT and YT?
blessed to be connected.....muah
I regret the spree!!!!
spot on now if I'm ever missing Whitney I can just get a tweet serenade from you dr
so wut do u think bout dat
Time to wrap up! Hope you enjoyed this hour of #wine chat with #Sommelier Daniel
today's national peanut butter day? today just got x1000 cooler!
2 summer drinks selected. target + abc store. IT'S ON DINNER PARY. I'VE GOT MY EYE ON YOU.
It's so over.
sushi boat = good
Coulda went to Dell Taco but she doesn't like Mexican food. I guess most Cubanas don't.
choose wisely! only have time to give love + receive it nothing else lasts this seems fragile yet all else vanishes (Spanish: desvanece
"Stop to Smell the Roses" is a powerful metaphor for sensing the presence of life or spirit. ~ Maria Carter
lets get this kid trending
was awesome on Modern Family!! Will that be a recurring role? Hope so!
Dudes... do you rock pastel colors in Spring? Let's see it!
RT Among 1000 men who smoke 1 will b murdered 6 will die in traffic accident 250 will die from smoking diseases
Time to hit the streets... My new album titled RealTalk33147 Hits ITunes Real Soon..... Keep You Posted
Im going to canada this summer!
You come down & go straight up again
I'm gonna be better at responding to pinterest comments now. Yesterday I made filter to forward comments to my real email address
are you FUCKING kidding me!?
He will be shirtless. That's a fact.
get that money
Tips To Understand The Google Penguin Update | What You Need ...
I would like to be your first RT please -RT
Okay, that's not normal. My youngest is ~6 months younger than Mini, and biting hasn't even come up in YEARS.
Go follow my new twitter gf ----> :D
RIP Levon. Thank you for the music.
We will be showing the Kansas exhibition game tonight! Go Jayhawks!!!
Great! RT : Affirmations are statements to affirm a new thought and thereby create a new outcome.
Need gas money? Can you lift 50-70 lbs of clothes/materials? I need YOUR help. Dial 2104180375!
All I wanna do right now is get my wank on.
For all our college #LevelUp-ers we know how awful finals can be but w/ 300 merchants there will always be relief - did we mention bars?
seeing Travis Outlaw 2 times in 8 days inspire you to write a "Top 10 Worst NBA Contracts Ever" column?
even though her team killed ours, good game
I'll take under at 3.
No stress! The Physics 6B review is this Friday (5/18) at 6pm!
Isn't that a version of Ubuntu?
celebratin earth day a bit, hopefully watchin avatar later, then headed home for the weekend to climb and chill in b-rip
check out this week's time out - let the good times begin!
Kind words are never wasted. Like scattered seeds, they spring up in unexpected places
RT if you love shoes! What's your favorite brand?
Ice t on relationships: "keep everything going on in the relationship right on the front burner so that both people know the climate."
Obviously #AllGirlsWantIs attention
“Your best chance to get a Royal Flush in a casino is in the bathroom.” ~V.P. Pappy
she is not responding to me, I am sure it becuz she doesn't know me. Please ask her to respond!!
That's good news. Are you not going to see the new baby?
It's going down today at Marlee's Coffee & Tea House come & experience "TAKEN" by ReDeLee.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 293
The effervescence of Romney Gone WRong.... pretty much recycled. But welcome back, Jeffrey.
very glad to hear!!! :)
Snow day in Dallas- good day to explore curriculum ideas
Sadly, I don't think I'm dedicated enough to distinguish between the teacups!
ignore the 10 hour delay and the answer is great what up
STAYED UP TIL 3AM PLAYING THE GUITAR AND JAMMING TO SUM #CLASSICROCK&ROLL. IM STILL GOING TO MAKE IT TO WORK ON TIME THOUGH.
Selena is on!!
“U r welcome! Thank U!”
It's like you're in this world and theres no way out.
;) yupRT : Fuck ya height is ya dick big?
Mm, C u Wed for #ypweek Lunch n Learn @ sōsh MT : Yep, we'll be there next week. Can't wait..great week
You owe me mofo
Kony 2012 came and went faster than The Macarena
nun takin I knew wat u meant :)
Turn on your defrost Eric I don't wanna die.
Thank you for the follow Floppy~! I hope you time in the Washing Machine was a gentle one.((Hugs))
Thanks! I will.
DailyHookahTip#72: If you must use everyday aluminum foil, put the shiny side down to reduce carcinogen intake and reflect heat better.
I have my Bumgravy hat ready to go.
#ff next week at !
Layover in vegas. It's never too early to gamble right?
You need to try the Ghirardelli Lombard Street Hot Chocolate! The warmth will soothe you while the chocolate does the job!
Bylsma: "We need everybody at their best for Game 6."
ever have the Peking Duck at the Peking Duck house in NYC? yum!
You're most welcome.
Ashlyn - good to see you!
Thanks! RT Hey #indy, another late #FF: my neighbor & kick-ass restaurant Drunken noodles w/chicken=my fave
I don't wanna get in any relationships because school is almost over and I will barely be in oklahoma... But I really like oscar.
GoodNight World
Are you serious!? I am SO glad I didn't eat one of those, hahaha! :]
It's pretty exciting to have someone flying in from Boise to attend the on Oct. 11th.
my frend said she told u to... Were u " the great cornholio"?
- if it's not visibly damaged, it can probably be fixed for ~$20. Call a garage - don't use Fix-a-Flat.
All I gotta say is Libertarians are the biggest tools for the 1%.
One last chance to reverse this curse
I can’t stand the sound of people eating for some reason and this year I had to boom operate for two major dinner scenes - torture.
LOVE the Avi
Bed time
LET ME SEE YOU POP THAT BODY!
On a boat because TheWife wants to see "expensive" houses. Waiting for the seasickness to start.
Call me!!! Never got your message before. Can't wait to see you!!!!!!
I think it’s great that your new book has international cuisines in it. Which region's cuisines are featured?!
yeah not too bad! Haha :)
And now, rain!
Just bought a pair of ray bans. And a mustache ring lol
retweet me and help me grow my accessories business! Handmade and custom! W.attagirlbykedrin.com :)
Keep calm and play on:)
I feel like my "Skinny-days" always fall on days I'm not getting naked.
I kinda screamed a lil when I seen that there was gunna b a super you n me stage at edc... once again the best part of Vegas
why cant i sleep? :/
Tweeter it is. I knew you'd have the answer. You're good like that :-)
only if I can ride on your bikes handlebars
#bittersweet yotes gettin their ass beat this series is awesome but also makes the hawks look that much worse
Has anyone picked up the new issue #63 of Indie Slate magazine? There's an article about &
I hate him so much, Dan.
yeah I just realized that after looking her up. Wonder why the Chronicle would even let her blog for them...
I can't believe this was the year we were supposed to lock up Kony and instead we lock up the guy who wants to stop him.
you’ll never know what might of happened tomorrow.
We have plenty of presale tickets for Saturday! Get ahold of or Atch for some!
if u get a chance, u dont know me but I luv u 2 from a distance..I wrote a poem for BK..I hope she c it on her fbook.nuthinbutluv
Cellar? For the lack of blood at the crime scene, is it possible that she was attacked in one or many of the rooms in the basement before
had some seeds un plastic bags should be interesting
The awkward moment when you don't know how to tell someone you can see their nipple, and it isn't pretty. :/
let's go back! Rack city
I've Been Making music a long time, and I still love it like the first time!
The Glenn Miller Orchestra performs at the Cross Creek Country Club in Mount Airy, NC on 4/5/11 @ 8pm.
YOU ALL ROCK!!! Thanks for the love!
Hm, Newbie, here. why would one choose to do that...and should I be doing so?
Shout out to the talented and beautiful for winning Golden Eagle..im pretty sure no one else had a chance lol
My head is POUNDING
it's going to be a long list
haha its all good man... grub hard son
LSU fan in post-BCS video sues Ala. man
355: Gorgonzola = delicious, delicious gratitude in every little morsel. Pair with a little Pinot Noir, and this is one happy girl.
Good luck with your test! Flash cards are a great way to study
Of course I like the whole single, party, fun thing. But sometimes, I wouldn't mind the whole cuddling, holding hands, I'm-his-girl thing.
@ subway they are taking 4 eva
I Think It Was A Great Decision To Save Jessica
Watching "The Boy In The Striped Pajamas" this is such a great movie!!!!!!
Is there a Gonesh scent that you've never tried that you're just dying to get a whiff of?? Post the scent and I'll make it 1/2 off!
plz that bitch knew better she cracked me over the head with a bookbag full of books after and busted the g boi
u never return my calls, what's up with that needy bro?
I've had a this strong independent face on for so long I started to believe I wasn't hurt, until you walked into the door... Please leave.
is a bit lit. Yep. um - what was I saying?
I'm not sure what the means but it sounds kinda geeky..lol
Hi Jenn. Hope your day has been full of smiles & blessings. How's the business going?
yep PHP will take awhile to learn. I don't know much but hopefully soon. Besides html, css, js, I can code a little in Python.
I hope that Shannon Dougherty can afford to stop doing these online college commercials now that he has a degree in Liberal Arts.
OUCH, I'm sorry :(
oh...that's right! Hehe...No wonder people got mad when I use hi- er...I've seen clips. Raw robo-bug, huh? xD
Hey june words cannot describe how much i missed you...
Aww buddy, I love that you said that! I guess I do talk about her a lot, don't I? I'll tell her you said that, she will love it.<3
