I'm good and awake this morning...then I get to work, and I feel like a zombie! Where's the coffee?!?!
DalaiLama: We can benefit others through our actions: be warm and generous, be charitable, and helpthose in need. I'm sticking to animals!
Just finished engineering a string/drum session at Entourage Studios with composer Nick Urata of DeVotchKa.
awe thanks :)
is going to tour Coonley school today
ohh wow:/ I'm sorry girl:/
Ready to cheer!(:
Oh Judi and Matthew won!!!
Jefferson was a pretty dedicated secular, Age of Reason kind of guy & would have abhorred being sealed in marriage.
dont be mean
I'm out #shortboyz! I gotta sleep! LATERZ
if I was your girlfriend I would kiss and tell ;)
Love my new 50mm 1.8 lens! Why did ever wait so long to add this to my arsenal of photo gear?
My pleasure :-) Have a great weekend, Monica!
Your experience so far as a city.vi admin? Trust the program so far? U get the googleads and ad revenue? Is it verifiable?
We shot the gun and jumped the shoot...you mean jump the gun?"
A social media conference at Disney World? Yes please. It's #mashcon. Fact: I will get on at least one coaster.
So psyched for
follow me!!
We do have some ideas about cool stuff we can do if someone *wants* to make an account.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone
U always know when someone is bored bc they tweet a loo
#icantdateagirl who has a wiener
I almost CG'd Senator Herb Kohl as "Senator Bucks" in the ten oclock show
the new voice in Sailor Moon S is very annoying.
I know! DC in the spring is the best!
We are seeking individual instrumentalists for cruise ship house bands. Super sight reading skills, versatility, n 3-6 month commitments!
Because muthafuckas w/big ass mouths talk a lot of shit n cnt back it up
we are so excited! #lsac pool status: we are in permit mode!
aw sweet! I can't wait to see the woman in black!! You seen the trailer?
Thanks to Lillie Coney of EPIC , Anne Klinefelter of UNC, and for their great #privacy panel at #ala10!
Grow up with a big heart in no one can change that.
hung on hooks like pigs to the slaughter
gotta go with barack.us -- rep USA and is really fun to say
Breaking ground with our first tweet! (Get it? Breaking ground? Terra Nova?) See, Terra Nova means "new land"! It's what we're all about!
RT : Yay my Twitter account gets some follower because of #teamfollowback and
Can a dude get a How I Met Your Mother Rerun?
Now it's a party. RT crack a 40 at MOCT for April 14th with , doc b & bizzon
Who's off to Germany today??
How bout them cowboys
How am I supposed to do that if you're deathly ill?
Her acting seems a lil off from the trailers... But I shall see once it comes out. Still love her tho.
LOL I GOTCHA JST KEEP ME POSTED ON DAT :))
positive news?
your friends will LOVE it too! :)
21 MLB pitchers have thrown perfect games. 3 of them are former
#offline for a while. Going for early dinner. Be right back! :D
saved by the bell!!
myspace is back!
i want one of those Lil blue checks by my name.
Pizza essen :) Yummy
did you get my DM on Tuesday? Would love to connect you with Charlie today.
God bless. Kobe's first step is lethal.
Absolutely! Probably one of the most obvious synergies!
bought skinnygirl piña colada today. Love it! Looking forward to summer and being a
I'm Jess, work at MSc in anthropology, interested in public health. I'm tweeting from SF, not in Denver either :/
We'll see you this weekend at SPWF! Is the tea and book signing on Sat at 1 PM a separate ticket?
"Mom I want to upgrade my phone. I can pay you 6 months worth if that helps." "OHMYGOD I HAVE SO MANY BILLS TO PAY YOU SELFISH BRAT."
Moore supporters you have 52 pic badges. Shilling has 121. Catch her! Powerful way to remind friends to vote. //bit.ly/mWvnA8
"That's textbook 2-on-1." Ehhh, not so much because I doubt behind-the-back passes are in the textbook.
Someone needs to tell these women downtown clubbing that footless pantyhose are not leggings!
No problem - thanks for the great Tweets!
Looking forward to seeing the cover of my new book this week.
Good Morning, its almost Friday, a day and half!
hey no I'm not john cena this just a fan page, you can follow that's his official twittet
is vexed that one day after the storm she still has no internet. stupid comcast
you aint give me yo number !
how did you guys finish up? I left after first ot.
Just saw some 1/2" hail on the SW side of #Madison. Anyone else seeing hail?
Each time I do chat ref, I learn something new! And hopefully our users do too...
#WHCD RT : "It's one thing to oppose gay marriage. It's another thing to do it in a sweater vest."
I love that people in Cyprus are downloading our apps!!!
what's your dream date? <3
Thanks Adrianne! (Lee)
Waitin fa sht ta happen<<<Fuckin BLOWS!------> That's y ppl make it happen. The more uW8, The more uLose.
Go check our new friends all the way from Japan! Go give them a LIKE on Facebook! They are really good! :)
I've a foreign student who's piercingly intelligent, a superb writer, and looking to launch policy career in D.C. Suggestions?
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
Nothing much going on other than your O Coordinator making the worst 3rd down call in NFL history.
It's much easier to double your business by doubling your conversion rate than by doubling your traffic. Jeff Eisenberg
Another Beautiful Morning In Albuquerque.
yaaay! :D And you're going to world of dance? o: asdfghjkl; thats amazing! And good luck on finals! :)
did I meet you at that party? or were your unremarkable talents blowing up multiple house parties in 2000?
already have you in the drawing Billie :)
Turns 25 on the 25. I always thought I'd be horrified but I'm actually excited!
Great video and cool site! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Today I went to the consultation... then January I´ll go back to the hospital again
time 4 a resolution
You can stalk PeeWee on Twitter:
sunshine looks good on you
Poor man, he must have been born and raised in Warrenton or something.
March 28, 1859: Baltimore Mayor Swann approves Ord. 44, allowing street cars in the city for the first time.
NOW!!! #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga 1
One day you'll realize that you should have stayed.
I was not built to break!
excited about recording audio script in CodeBaby this week. 2 fun volunteers from the library pretending to be confused freshmen!
always do. My second home.
Today is a great day!!
going through my clothes and seeing a lot of stuff from flags *Tear*
We have also returned to Premiere w/ Final Cut X entering the market.
Southeastern Louisiana State
It's like The Jungle Book has come to life!
Mark your calendars! Tickets for 11/21 Preview Party, sponsored by Whole Foods, will go on sale Mon 11/2 online at www.austinemptybowl.org
research on job titles and job descriptions, nothing too scary ;-)
LADIES: YOUR BABY SHOULD BE ABLE TO WALK AND TALK...AT THE LEAST BEFORE YOU SPREAD YOUR LEGS TO ANOTHER MAN BESIDES THE INFANTS FATHER -CON-
so theres this guy... he's amazing, and I hope hes reading this... RIGHT NOW.
Aaaahhh so jealous. Of all the weeks to be out of town :(
haha its ok and good(:
Marginalia: notes in the margin of a book, manuscript, or letter. From dictionary.com
yep in San Juan.
I've been on hold for 24 minutes to let you know I received a lamp without a lampshade, what's your hold time?
I love you (:
AS USUAL! I Woke up in the middle of the BEST LIFE EVER! (thank you Father God for whom all blessings flow) WOKE UP TODAY FEELING AT PEACE!
calling me out at his lounge preso for saying something was impossible years ago :) yay! for random internet meetings :)
I only drink black or iced black...fewer calories! Now we're on I90 headed around Chicago!
A juggalo just walked past me. On Penn's campus. Tell everyone.
No place I'd rather be in the world than be in chi town at wrigley field right now #Dodgers #mlbdaygames>
Thanks for the RT!
it flys by ... Every second counts!!
RT : Think zero interface. Everything we introduce has the potential to ruin everything. Ask: Is this absolutely necessary?
The iPad is especially useful for making exotic new sounds, particularly when you thwack it with a Basque jai alai cesta.
#bigmistake ...i know u r but what am i
#FF to the #SanDiego news stations we love to watch:
good job!
Thanks for the request. You can now find here at
everyone does it, but it's exceedingly optimistic to believe it does anything.
great to finally party with u guys.
Goin' out with muh gangstas...and by gangstas I mean one gangsta...and by gangsta I mean my sister. :op
Yes, the very same
all Reggae massive n crew be sure to "SUBSCRIBE" to "R. U. IRIE's" LISTS... Reggae Artist LISTS...DJ / Sound System LISTS
Bradshaw falling in for Giants when everyone said it was wrong
Everytime I hear the song check yes or no, I think back to the day it all started...
to heck with a tornado....I live in a castle.
message there everyday, no?
Happy weekend
11 K's for Jimmy Mac so far tonight!
☺What do you want? A cookie? ...
The line about Matt is hilarious. I like that guy. If he were running for president, I would want to have a beer with him.
I'd rather be a outgoing silly chick than a dumb azz stuck Up boring chick!
What are stop signs? RT “: Like seriously who stops at stop signs? Not me.”
GOODMORNING PAUL!!!! Follow Me Please!!!! :D
given up on ap world
nice seeing you buddy!
. mag, its editor, photogrphr & marktng dept ALL manipulated & exploited both the mom & her son for their own purposes. Shame on them!
HAHAHHAHAHA> I am! :D
Elena becoming a vampire!
Great things are a series of small things brought together. -Vincent Van Gogh
DO IT! I have watched every one of their covers, is the BEST THING on YouTube.
Thinking about tinkering with my guitar again this week. See if we can't get that guy working.
wow great stuff you sound incredible
Aaron Rodgers belt just showed up in the Knicks game... Oh, and Lin is making the NBA fun again.
. google+ is great for those who like talk to empty rooms. Meantime, the world is hanging out on Facebook.
Spend more time mining your database, the backend, instead of adding features to the front end UI
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher. ~ Socrates
im having people withdrawls
I'm in my cousin birthday party and I'm doing babysitter -.-
I want Tarsem to do movies like THE FALL, which didn't do well. NOT movies like MIRROR MIRROR, which I'm sure will make a ton of money.
RT : Check out our job opening for a Sr. Software Engineer - SSL & Device Security in San Jose, CA! F5 Networks
ur so dumb!! Dumb blonde! #blondesistersforlife :)
Shiiiit.. For u my nigga.. The bed will still be warm!
...I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss the ridiculous sideshows of California politics though
choppin it up w.Javonte mama
“: Im at a party. And I found a dog. So im just sitting on the floor petting it” I used to do that all the time. Haha
you shoulda came and hooped with Leroy, , and I yesterday
I'll be there Sunday for the show then back out in LA on Monday
I hate traffic...ugh!!
MT : note in : "Buying more books than one has the time to read is the soul reaching for infinity."
Ugh. The "why" of this issue is chewing up my brain; I have a piece on my pet theory coming out this week. Would you share which mag?
Gone to the moon and back...bottle and buds for the morning...
A poem I wrote was just accepted for publication on ! This is a good way to start the morning.
Haha. The elephant in her nursery is Hank.
Excellent, new station going in 2 blocks from my place!
I wish Bynum had a twitter so I could let him know how big of a bitch McGee made him look like tonite
At my favorite place... 4 n 20 hm
at fremont panera
Public enemy number one arrested in California - Fox 13 Now - Salt Lake City
Set your body free to dance to the music we call life! ~ Maria Carter
I feel like just staying in and pouting, but then the man wins.
Mozzarella cheese accounts for nearly 80 percent of Italian cheese production in the United States.
hey I tried calling you but apparently phones do not work during sxsw how old are u now 30 ;)
RIP Whitney Houston....
ohh thanks! You too (;
Glad to be your #2000 th followed. I have #422 I like the numbers.
GREAT FOOD AND LOCATION ,,,CONGRESS PARK DENVER,,
wanted to say hi and thanks for the message
Charlotte loves Austin too!
. My main goal is to get recordings of some conf. sessions available online, allow those with no funding to be in the convo
Poults of all of your tweets these are my favorite updates. What a blessing you are to these children and their families
Just got her bf to tweet for more followers. love ya!
Being on the storms.
Bianchi is on base. Looking forward to this.
Damn right you should thank the Weinsteins, Michel. Brilliant campaign. They should handle Obama's presidential run.
A8: The 5 traits all influential people have is #3 Executive presence.
Last night's game between the lakers and heats...what an incredible shot by Kobe..
Let's go #umass. Double OT...tight game with 20 secs left. Looks like they're going to pull it off.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE FROM OKC PARTY BUS!
In this photo released July 19, 2011 by NASA showing NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity.
I know at least half of them are
CASSETTES ARE TRENDING
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!16
Old Country Hot Beir Sausage today! Also Fudgy Toasted Coconut Brownies!
The distinctive cry of the red-tailed hawk outside my open window makes me want to go camping!!
in solidarity with strangers and friends during their sojourn to dc. time to put people back in we the people...i dunno, was that clever?
Wow, got tons of jewelry stuff organized, & almost ready to list! Just few fine tunes & more stuff for etsy shop! laundry is caught up too.
Glad we could help.
I'm arguing that it is a fact, backed up by years of stats, that he does not play worse in the fourth quarter.
in person or by pictures?
; yes sir
My brother is down there, we may head down there...
"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be." - Marsha Petrie Sue
that's right.... Ready or not!!!!
Buy One, Get One FREE until the end of the year!
. Yes, a #Solatube and about 12 other #energy efficient features.
Cool RT : RT : Majorly excited that AP's is Skyping with my convergent writing students Tues. a.m. A celeb! :-)
thanks babe - you are so sweet :)
That's alright there are 26 team's fans that have no one to cheer for this weekend.
I do too. But we would look silly talking on an IPad. It's too big. :-)
Struggling to move easily now.
The city is shutting down... Use this time wisely!!
What ya got, Timothy?
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
SEVEN! Whoa. How much did that cost? BTW, come back.
3 o clock at that starbucks k?
After conducting a blind taste test I am shocked to discover that I enjoy Hershey's Krackel bars way better than Nestle's Crunch.
Im Glad Im NOT Sick Anymore,Whoever Drunk OR Ate After Me Are Gonna Be Pissed....
really man, come!
follow me back?:)
What is your favorite fish to eat?
RT : We have another pair of tkts for All Stars: #FieldRecordings. Tweet a song/vid sampling animals to...
I kept expecting that song to pick up the tempo, but it worked amazingly, Drew is awesome!
i'd love a way to use your API to search for users tagged in a photo. I can only search hashtags now
#Ilovepeople that are straight up & tell you shit how it is.
Congratulations to all the winners this year! See you next year!
lmao! just put our names on them. wacko & slappy. lol
great job tonite! Always good to see you T!
#Tiger Woods 14 under at Battle of Bay Hill. McDowell 10 under on NBC right now followed by News4. has highlights. Join us
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Thursday Night Football game between the Houston Texans and Indianapolis Colts for a free Scorzie!
On the plus side Friday was my final day for classes in high school time to hit the
Sure no doubt.
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next months #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle area food banks. Are you in?
Cast all your cares on Jesus for He cares for you!
If I'm Philly, I'm lining up my 4th line with Crosby to lay him down the rest of the night. Make em pay for keeping their foot on the gas.
I'm getting the feeling you're into politics.
Shout out to the HOTTIE cocktail waitresses at CLUB NIKKI at the TROPICANA HOTEL. Always beautiful with your new PERMANENT EYELINER!
Im concerned about how much $ the Ender's Game movie is going to make him and how he might use it.
Yea I still remember I was in 11th grade English surfing the internet when I read what happened. Amazing it was 10 yrs ago.
During May, check in on Foursquare to take 5% off of the purchase of a product when you come in for a service!
Rocking an android. Perhaps time to start developing droid apps
May is meditation month. Mediation is an opportunity to stop, breathe, and focus. Try it this month!
Still on a high from #AIDSWalkWI and awesome message yesterday. Pics coming soon.
you are a gentleman and a scholar
Another great evening in Milwaukee... Enjoying the sun then watching the lakers/suns game!
What's the true value of a talking head ion screen as part of online learning? Does it help with understanding concepts?
Looking forward to visiting Museum of Jewish Heritage in Lower Manhattan tomorrow re "The Auschwitz Volunteer"! Great programs
Hospitals don't really run on time...in pre-op with mom...so much for a 2:30 go time.
Hola Greyson! I have some poster that i made for you but idk how to send it to you.
Why everybody always say i gotta attitude, i don't go an attitude i jus don't like youu.
I've repeatedly asked if his play will ever be published and he has yet to answers me so he can't be THAT great.
I am so jealous! Can't wait to get my hands on one! :) Love what you guys did with it!
The Girl with the Bacon Tattoo.
Schools may have to repay cafeteria money
Loving these tunes...looking forward to performing with him next weekend in TX!
Spoiled in my youth, true love is a bitch! And I got so much to give, so sad tweet, some1 hook me up with a date! I'll shave NOT
Do you feel that we still live in an extremely racist society? Do you the world is ready to seriously address the issue of racism?
haha oh yeah!
It is Wednesday! Don't forget it is Jazz night at Salute!
It has to be experienced to be understood.
praying for you to be energized today by God's love. The fever has to go! Blessings!
Puns on !
Sun Out Yup
this nation doesn't even care about the black people here, you expect me to believe that y'all give a fuck about the children of Africa?
One more point on belts...they should (at a minimum), resemble the color of your shoes.
The IL Marathon under 3:05! RT : Random Question: What's on your Runner's Bucket List?
What if those dudes were corporations? Wealthy corporations?
My co-panelist Aaron Wernham: "The future of public health will be working with other sectors (housing, edu, transportation, etc.)
Dear I just dropped Facebook. It's all on your shoulders now. Any advice?
mAKIN weed ?
Do you think my teacher will care if this paper is printed double sided? umm idk
I feel like there's a big chunk of my brain devoted to filtering... and it ALL goes offline when I'm sick.
thanks for the tweet buddy, made for good radio fodder
COOL!! Where are ya?!
I need...a hug.
sounds like fun
Tournament is October 10. We will announce whether your team made it after the last game on Thursday Oct .7. Good luck!
I still love you.
Missing and !! The holidays just arent the same without them!
I hope my brothers do well on the FCAT tomorrow : D
16 banners hanging up. All 6 of the teams you cheer for combined don't have that type of hardwood.
I'm sorry if I wooda know it was u I wooda helped
so honestly, how much do you want to run this race saturday.
Tim & eric Awesome Show is stupid funny...but mostly stupid .
So Liverpool wins the FA Cup 5-3 on aggregate, right?
check my new profile !! its amazing !!
Celebrating a great Cubs win!
the depth that you're capable of in these 140 characters... it's unprecedented
We hope everyone had a great week at #NAFSA11, great to catch up with old friends and make new friends and contacts from here and abroad!
Seen some pretty great moustaches at
So proud of my sis to graduate from Leeds w/ honors after everything our family has been through over the past few yrs. Lucky to have my fam
Sec Barela asks "how do we gather wealth for all of us" but you need to do that by yourself. No one in this room did it by themselves
Everything is funnier when your with your best friend.
Always fun watching hockey with non biased announcers. When they say the Wild got away with a non-call, you actually believe it.
Hope you have fun!
MLB @ Kildare's! Indians-Blue Jays @ 3:05, Reds-Marlins @ 4:05. Get 2 all beef coneys and homemade chips for only $5 all day! Play Ball!
do you take care of your own bookings?
i just want to go out already
Talking out the side of ya neck......
Way to clinch that playoff berth!
Look at everybody like a newborn baby - Lil B
Also: when it's raining. And you forgot your umbrella.
"Most certainly I intend no injustice to any, and if I have done any I deeply regret it." #quote Abraham Lincoln.
Fashion is changeable, and elegance, a constant value.
RN, MA, MIBC, BUSINESS, Criminal Justice/Investigations and Paralegal students welcome to PHOENIX HIRING EVENT
He looked good when you consider he had little support
lol I can only imagine!
If Erik Spoelstra coached the #Lakers, he woulda drew one up for Steve Blake on that last possession.
Answer: 3 seconds. Not much different than some people I know.
Thank ya! Wish I was close enough for pie happy hour…
Our Soup of the Day is Potato-Beer-Cheese. (vegetarian)
With Nike Fuel, the restless nights are pretty clear on the chart! Trying to hit 3000 a day is challenging!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASGFDFJGFGSJS
I'm a fucking Strip Club DJ... I play music while your girlfriend swings on my pole!
It's such a nice day =)
hey did i tell u my uncle is a rapper?
Ayoo! hello World GOOD Morning!! I Be That Hustler That's Grinding While They Snoring #DjRowdyA <3
Screw men
My mom just asked me what I'm making her...All she knows is there's chicken and potatoes involved..
Watching a hockey game = washing a car. Oh the wonderful mind of mme.garger.
We work with amazing storytellers like and informative news shows such as
FUCK ALL YA'LL WE IGNORE FEELINGS HERE
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle The Devil Inside
I love Raymond! :)
When it comes to your goals there should never be any excuses
I have to say Thank you to for lending me some great and exclusive #hats for the #1920's shoot. Will post by next week...
Congratulations Kenna Lindsay! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Retro polka dots and sweetheart necklines at Callula Lillibelle; followed by a Cinnamon sundae at Serendipity I with my love ...
I know. So relieved.
thanks pal. graduation ceremony Thurs, Dec15; least we can do is bless the heaven into with 7 grads arrayed in blue cap & gowns.
st pats social night party was a blast with the irish dancers...knights of columbus friday fish fry tonight...its all for charity
the pleasure and privilege of working with you has been ours. good luck and don't be a stranger
RT “: May shut down my twitter till the coachella tweets stop. Tupacs hologram now has an account.”
thank you
How "civil" of you to describe him that way. :rollingeyes:
Peace out, lame-ass UW bb
Give me a reason to believe
"throw me a text" lol c:
Night all. Time to read some Game of Thrones.
RT : RT : Q4 ...The best way to handle unanticapated problems is to anticipate them < the best oxymoron of...
Market Street Sound celebrates nine years of musical making and noise bending today! Thank you to everyone who makes this possible!
One person go around actin stupid and have everybody #Stuck on Stupid
That chair is covered in birdshit. Bro that's toothpaste. Do you even own a toothbrush?
Im so excited for this summer holy shitttt
I've made my 3+ friends a #MAHOMIE and I'm PROUD :) <3
will never notice me or my twitbif Leigh0320 :(
just charge yourself $1 everytime it happens ~ Chloe has made a mint on me doing this~but I sound dorky~ "oh my goodness"
and are my two favorite people in the world because they inspire me so much! I LOVE YOU!!!
Looks like I am going to teach photography again. I am really looking forward to it!
Fucks are never given
Looking forward to tonight's performance
What is your favorite movie quote? Mine of course is Mr Patrick Swayze from Roadhouse, "Be nice"
So then James Cameron's #Titanic film was a documentary?
You'er to good to me. Thanks girl!
if you have to check with your bf/gf to go hang out or doing something with your best friends, you need to re-evaluate your relationship.
That is a long time to tweet
Ginger & Gooseberry Sorbet...perfect on a toasty day. Nuff said.
it depends, did you take the blue pill or the red pill?
I was a beta tester so have some free pages. Don't qualify as an edu.
We are still tied. Probably not for long tho. Enjoy it while you can
Lebron has got to have the ugliest mouthpiece. Snaggletooth.
Transitions are one of the most challenging situations that our families face. Wishing you smooth transitions as the kids go back to school!
I know! I like hyperventilated in class and now everyone thinks I'm a freak but IDGAF :) hah
Guy at work had first workout. Thinks he's Lou Ferrigno.
my stuffed koala is named Liam and he's amazing :P
I don't understand why I am always the one to get fucked over at work.
RT The GOP didn't sign these "no new taxes" pledges 15 years ago.
Thanks for the Europe article and lo and behold looks like they are making progress today:)
Dear Ex, Just because I'm nice to you, doesn't mean I want you back. We broke up for a reason.
i'm used to that noise..
Happy Friday!!!
super proud of the really great work and creativity my students demonstrated in making their history games. World War Clue anyone?
On the fence about doing a 30 or 60 day Bikram challenge. I'm already on day 5, do I go for it ?
More breweries coming to the FW InvitBrewFest - Bell's Brewery, Inc. Odell Brewing Co New Belgium Brewing and Yo-Ho Brewery of Japan
MANCHESTER: Public hearing covers proposed anti-bullying, Internet policies for Manchester Community Schools
I may have bought a few too many pounds of ground beef for our party yesterday...now I need some recipes to make something of it!
hello from CA. Thanks 4 following!
Can't go bck to sleep.. Ugg dislike bad dreams
miss you!
: a little creepy, I think.
Depends on when he did what with whom… if he'd already filed for divorce, not as big of a deal. But most don't...
It drives me crazy when I can hear fireworks. I'm always like, why are there fireworks? Why didn't I know, I'm missing them!
Air planes I love em
We are finalizing the schedule now, but will have the tentative schedule posted tomorrow. Check back then!
Oh hell yeah, Chinese for dinner!
Is it weird I want multiple twitter accounts to separate the good, the bad, and the belligerent sides of me???
Morning Cake lovers! Mother's Day is May 13th! Retweet this if you're showing mom how much you <3 her with a cake from Elite Cake Creations!
my uncle is a Lawyer
And den u lik oh oh oh baby don stop and i b like no i wont imma take you to the top
Also, is it just me or did Twitter go from "simple and clean" to "DO ALL THE THINGS!!1!" over the past year that I've been AWOL? Me no like.
It was stolen at WORK!
There is a light that never goes out
Yeah NY GIANTS!! Hope You're Having Fun In Dallas Bro(:
your too cute💚
Trying to find an electrician for a couple of paying jobs we have going on. Shoot us an email if you know of anyone!
Welcome Nancy, Niraj, Master of Universe & Emily... Anything you'd like me to provide to help you?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at 15th
your so talented and beautiful follow me :)
Blow what up? There isn't much there.
just missed me
FOR SERIOUS? I might just go!
I wonder if it is for a homeless person, for the dog that is still running around freely? It is always fruit and veggies
I've had it a while but have not used it much. Using it more now : didn't know you were a twitter-er! Nice.
you fell off there for a minute, doodle.
"When the cataclysm comes, RIPM will survive" -Cohen talking about their servers & security
Headed to CES on the Hill tomorrow. Trying to convince to come. Anyone else going?
RT ": The possibility of pain is inherent in the very existence of a world where souls can meet. #CSLewis"
Gee, think the #Bills would be solving their pass-rush woes if they somehow #MarioWilliams?
The lace-up platforms? Oh yes, I love them. The price? My bank account laughs at me mockingly.
Damn! The big guns are coming!
me too all of em are good tho
◊ I'm surprised. I just hadn't heard it discussed at all. Guess there must've been something else in the news. ツ
CELTIC NATION BABY
great meeting you buddy, it was fun! wishing you great luck n see ya around!
Just summerized the snowblower. Jinxing it?
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. -Jared
WHY DON'T YOU LOVE ME??
There is no spoon.
yes one that specializes in parts! very hand-y to have!
What is going on in Philadelphia?
Become a Chamber Partner!
Me too, I'm proud to be an American
your map caught measles
April 17, 1951 - Mickey Mantle makes his Major League debut at Yankee Stadium. Mantle goes 1-for-4 in the game.
got your text
What?! Which one man?
big day at work: info architecture for new drupal site; surveys on student reading/note-taking habits!
Tks for the RT share, really nice!
Trying to resist the siren song of the vending machine...
Dreading seeing all the tornado damage in KY once day breaks. The reports coming in now don't sound good at all
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)17
Did you know Miller Park sells grilled banana-Nutella-marshmallow fluff sandwiches? And they're awesome.
Right. Perhaps an "issue" of a journal could be analogous to a book, so you could take 10% or one article? Who knows!
woke up, lifted weights, played some b-ball, took shower, washed car, then hit up xbox.. yeah, im THAT good.
What!?! Steve Jobs has died? Poor guy. And on the same day that the iPhone 4s announcement?
THANK YOU!!!
I am so fucking worried :/
Yeah our team won laser tag and not to toot my own horn but I got 10th out of 36!
Headed over to UW women's softball after prep baseball game.
dear , you need to meet my friend She adores Porto too. *nods*
Issue #3 has begun! Check out poetry from Edwina Attlee at translitmag.com
you start and you can't stop. Great cast.
We will work with you to secure a no credit car loan if your situation demands it.
Cant wait to see Kurt Buschs ME Ricky Bobby car going fast today at Talladega. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
I'm drinking orange juice out of a Pilsner Urquell glass.
Any advice out there on how to get releases / bios into the All Music Guide system? Sending them stuff—for years—has gotten us nowhere.
Welcome to our neck of the woods (Atlanta)! I can't wait til' the show later today!
now following :)
I really don't deserve to sleep....
I'm going to make lavender-honey ice cream this week. Oh did I mention I'm going to use the plastic bag method?? :-)
have you heard from William, he hasn't shown up to work. Not like him. Worried.
Congrats! RT UMW women's & men's bball will compete for the CAC Championship on Sat! Time of the games will be posted tomorrow
We are pleased to announce that Dan Silverman has joined as a Salesperson
Mother's Day is May 13th! Have you made lunch plans yet? Call us today and book a reservation for parties large and small - 770-671-0100.
I'm so excited to get mine osmdjzjs
Today, July 25 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: David Japka | Film Production Manager | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Let us know what you think and how they fit :-)
So happy 30 rock is back!
Thanks for the wine guide. It's great!
If you work in #Brickell we better be seeing you for Lunch Break Special's every Mon-Wed 11:30am-2:30pm!!
Sure did! MT just crushed it on KOGO. Recruited LaDonna Harvey 2 lobby vs Enterprise Zone welfare 4
you know i always eff them up!! it's like a miracle i didn't haha
Yeah ... that is "interesting."
loving the nice weather here:)
Creative Cause draws 8. Good draw cuz has two favorites just to his inside. He's one of the greys in the
Hearing rumblings that Chael / Anderson II may be moved to Las Vegas if they can't get the event issues corrected in Brazil.
I haven't had a gf in years and it sucks ass!:/
second that, jealous!“: Jealous!! RT : I'm at The Orbit Room for Mayday Parade, We the Kings and The Downtown Fiction.."
Just assembled my new G-Force UT! Going to love this machine.
I had a great day with my parents traversing up and down NYC. We're off to Wilimington, DE tomorrow for my graduation BBQ
Love this quote Naomi! Thanks for sharing it.
Bless you! RT : Nothing I love to read more than the new issue of The Horn Book. HB + quiet + coffee = heaven
Love the unstructured cap. MLB and New Era would never let that happen again.
Attitude is important. Always have a good attitude. Try to smile as much as possible. Difficulties in life won't seem so difficult.
The desert always on fire out here
Just shoved my coat, hat, and gloves in my carry on. No need for them where I'm going!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napole...
You need somebody like me.... Lol!!! GUDNIGHT
check your palmbeachstate email. prof.. Sent a link with the slides
yep. We're 30 minutes north of downtown...makes getting to 8 a.m. sessions...impossible.
will be the Olympic 5k champ!
I hope does a music video for Didnt Mean It its just a great song with lots of feelings and emotions :)
65% of social media-using teens have had an experience on a social network site that made them feel good abt themselves.
tweet tweet I'm writing your poem(;
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
On second thought, I could have died yesterday afternoon and no one would know until Thursday when I don't show up for work.
Thank you to all who came out last night! It was a very successful 1st meeting!
You can't claim it as Breaking News if someone else broke it 6 hours ago. That's like a used car being "new to you."
yeah. Punk.
Best tweet ever.
I think people will watch no matter who plays. It's about time Canada is represented and the Red Wings are extremely popular.
happy birthday to THE . hope its great man!
did u know that's the title of the #sororitygirlproblems book?
or the lack there of, should have kept Howard Dean at the DNC helm.
did you ever get to check those 2 songs
Opinion: A Mansion Tax to replace higher rate tax?
All right, Tommy...We get it...Just keep thinking that.
well I wanna suck on you're nipples until I or you fall asleep but we don't always get what we want do we?
Some driveway weeding (and oak tree prevention). Reward: a Blackthorn cocktail: 2 gin, 3/4 Dubonnet Red, 3/4 Kirschwasser--spicy and subtle.
===NO MORE Grocery or Gas Bills,,,,www.gasandfoodvideo.com / www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I am giving away 125 leads a week at sign up
this is very true. everything is about definition. I was doing that creme of nature too lol. I miss the old days lol
My features tell, my benefits sell!!!
Our doors are opening at 11am for lunch...A glass of Sangria will help you get through your inbox...Call ahead for pick up 619.255.2856...
Talk about being a human commodity..
skit on "friends who smoke pot" Dead On! Shit had me crying!!
But you went away, how dare you, I miss you. They say ill be okay, but I'm not going too, ever get,.. over you. <3
gunna spend the eve in my onesie, eating my easter eggs and watching trash tv
Has anyone laughed during previews of this Man At Work show? Anyone?
Game day!
personnel attack? Nice the leftist white flag. ,)
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both of us. 
CONGRATS, Apple, on another blow-out quarter!! Way to go, everyone!
"Since the fading of the original Enlightenment during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries,..."
yaaay my new pressure cooker just arrived! Can't wait to use it tomorrow.
Word to you momma!
Beautiful day out
not much😒 you?
Well put. :) RT @ DoubledAthlete idk- why is this national news that she has a dream of being a mommy bird?!
For real doe. We're gonna make a sex tape too \m/
where do you get your phone cases from? I know you're the phone case queen and I need a new one.
I just now downloaded it, and I can't believe I didn't get it right away. Love Jack White!
but it was worth it. You were with your 2 favorite Ladies. Muah!
thank you and for all you do to help people...don't be discouraged by the idiots of the world. You are appreciated!
"With experiments you may not always get answers but you'll get richer questions"- Maria mortati
Jr. up next!
That's right. Can you imagine if people did bask in dirt though?
Bruce I read your blog and am a fan, but will take it with a grain of salt given your ad hominem attacks against me today.
im so going to a different school
“: looking for a couple of bands to play next tuesday at the Whisky. No presale. "
Have a Happy and Safe Cinco De Mayo
That's amazing.
you looked and sounded amazing! So proud of you.
If you are anything like me & get inspired by other entrepreneurs then you should read this article: Problem?No problem!...
Are you following ? We can be the creatives behind all you fashion based needs.
thanks for following Rob
wow, twitter post fail O.o note to self, remove the shortcode ;-)
Luckily I'm on a Mac and didn't have that issue. Bummer about the virus. I like Chrome though!
Happy Easter!
Those emails seek time, attention, help + brain space. You start your day being reactive to others rather than proactive about your goals.
I'm feed it chicken lol
I think I have to move lint roller refills from my "household" budget category to "dog expenses."
Rufus Wainwright's new album 'Out of the Game' is FANTASTICO!
LMFAO WITH shots in between each. smh. how are we still alive though? lol
Josh Smith over Joel Anthony might be the dunk of the year
Need help understanding your #reassessment? Call our office at: 1-866-273-1941!
Life is like camera.Focus on what's important. And you will capture it perfectly
Heh…I'll be in DC for the next SOS demonstration…for starters.
So excited to find out that my health insurance will help pay for CSA box. Woohoo, vegetables & supporting local
Peter Lehner of underscores recent #green successes: 1) storm #water runoff management which threatens water safety.
Heading outside for an hour run. Weather is awesome. Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
haha I know it has been a long time ! When are u coming back to vegas ??
yeah secret circle was safe until last weeks numbers. Now it is being reviewed.
ah nice, i just saw my favorite Ray's employee last nite.
has amazing people, content, brand voice, engagement
Sleep is such a gift when you're sick. Lucy is sleeping peacefully away in her car seat.
whats exclusive about 187 beats that all low key sound the same
Whew! I'm beat from driving around all day! Thanks to all of you who spotted me today!
This was the best day ever. Got to see Falling In Reverse play and Sleeping With Sirens and also Abandon All Ships!^-^
Evan Almighty is making me cry. Being a girl is really hard sometimes.
lol were u disappionted when you saw a dick instead of a vagina
I think I want to jailbreak my phone for the sole sake of getting a Nintendo emulator.
see the date but no details as to where/time/what it is exactly?
Thanks for the RT!
YES! YES! YES! YES! CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER WINS BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR! HELL YES!
I need to talk to someone really bad. But someone that doesnt live in my state. Ugh
Except ye become as little children, ye will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven.
not just Leno, Leno on a Saxophone.
Happy Thanksgiving :-)
The day job. I'd rather be writing.
I'm only helpless when my nail polish is wet. Even then I could still pull a trigger if I had to.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie ......
if it was a good deal you should do it
Grind Widd Me
is literally a sexy god sent from heaven, we are lucky to be blessed with his presence HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE YOU!!!
If you wear camo shorts its harder for people to realize you accidentally spilled pee on yourself.
USS Nightmare with the Fam. This should be amusing.
Queensryche sounds awesome!
don't forget to TAG your friends, TAGGING is FREE :) and your friends would love you, if you tag them and they win...
Treat your money wisely as you never know how long it may be between jobs.
you tell me there isn't a play that LBJ and Wade can run together??? Nah, can't believe that
I am going to take mrs mantooth out to a lovely seafood dinner and NEVER call her back! GLORIA MANTOOTH IS A SAINT!
#TextsThatGetNoReply Are you still alive??
I am actually happy about this. Wouldn't have been a couple yrs ago. RT : RT : Bush stays with Packers
Thanks for RT!
Gearing up for junior Club and National Team registrations. Central VA volleyball players check it out: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
My middle finger gets a boner when it sees you.
Torres. Hattrick. He is back.
: A book called "Checklist Manifesto" and - I kid you not - a book about the history of hot dogs.
": Bad idea of the day: "So You Think You Can Trance"" won't be surprised if this becomes reality
Summer Movie Preview: The night is dark &amp; full of terrors
Korver Kyle...come on Chuck! Let your mind catch up to your mouth!
RT : "Check Out HER Public Spheres: Sexist Backchannel Discourse During the 7th Annual Habermasian Conference in Barcelona"
Also pretty sweet to see that a few scenes I filmed a few months ago for an undisclosed project turned out to be for The Avengers!
Alamo Draft House!
yea im tired and wanna go back to sleep i didnt go to bed ill 3 then woke up :30
Americans will lose sleep because the iPod 6 may not do all they wish...
That's Racial Profiling My Nigga..Either Way You Slice It.
good thing we took the bus!
Thanks for the follow. Were glad we share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
TX SHORTS is insanely solid! Great work and the rest of y'all!!
Taken...Awesome flick!!
EAT ALL THE THINGS
NaLee a brand new trilogy check it out NaLee2010.com
What kind of snack? If you could have ANYTHING!
Time going by so slow
n'aaw its tight on you :( I've followed you anyway :')
Slaughter "Fly To The Angles"! I do love the 90's Rock!!!
Three different version control systems in one day. Either my head will explode or I'm delaying dementia for a few more years. svn, git & hg
. finally following nicki! Took her making a twitter come back to get the ball rollin'.
Hahahahaha “: I would pay good money to hear Will Smith say, "The parent who don't understand was inside me the whole time."”
Nice! Campana with a great game today.
skypinggg withh ma main girl LOL <3 you should definitely join us ;D
Without you<3 - usher omg<33
No I'm not famous in Atlanta, I'm "BiggaDen" that. I am Mr. World "FAMOUS" not Mr. Atlanta "FAMOUS"...
3 hours later and #gephi is still trying to execute Force Atlas. #NeedSmallerData or
Taking Lac Su from LA to Woody's Wings & Things in Westminster - wings yes but also huge menu of SE Aaian, Cambodian, Laotian.
of course!
This is a service announcement that apostrophes do not work in hash tags. And an apostrophe is this thingy: ' #see'itoldyou
I'm at Oliver's Twist (6822 Greenwood Ave N, at 68th, Seattle).
totally absolutely killer. My feel are paying for the each moment of glory.
woah woah woah my bad montrail. It was just a little funny... My bad...
and I are the only ones up in Nashvegas right now!
#DailyRebellion: Reflect on how to appreciate the Mommas and mother figures in your life all year round, not just today.
Have fun. Break leggs.
Thunder and Lightning (not in that order) in Bankers Hill...
#OKCupid thought: some women say stuff like "arrogant, narrow-minded men not welcome." WhoTF thinks of himself as arrogant & narrow-minded?
:) Austin, without you, my world doesn't make sense.
I'm always worrying about something, why?
Done, your turn? Xo
yeah i know lol
coming to the competion today!!!! Hope u guys win!!! Can we take a pic with u
Ustream was AMAZING!! Crew love, YEE, Mahomies. Austin's future tattoos!(:
Boy you know I look good ha
If u think about it.. "NOBODY" was on The Thunder when they was the Seattle Supersonics!
If not for Gordon, Zulegar looked like the best player on the field!
Sir! I don't think you're supposed to carry your service animal. But I could be wrong.
Who Wanna Give Me a S/O ??
no thank you :)
Plant yourself at a coffee shop for any period of time, you just may learn about tree geneticists and the incurable Dutch elm disease.
Aint no such thing there's no tomorrow!!!..
yes!!!! OMG call me im so bored
Waiting over H-1 Frwy to see motorcades of pres of US CHina and Russia pass by. Roads are clear of traffic. Anytime now
OMG What Happened???!
no you can't jao...you're asian; it can't get much shorter, let's be honest
please let me know! I've got to book u for 40 & fab shoot! I need a new look
I'm so confuzzled!
Road trip to #Bend this Memorial Day weekend to see and in concert is confirmed--can't wait!
Sully: Yes, he dominated, but he's already a top pick. Plus his lack of conditioning in the game against 'Cuse is a flag.
blue mountain state is my shit.
Cat finally stopped meowing and fell asleep an hour into road trip.
RT : Yo. I really wanna see the Heat lose tho. (Ditto)
I have nothing to glue, I do not wallpaper!
Grabbing sound bites from students for the video finale for #expeditionhewitt "I love working with students in diff grades"
where? In low on money
Congrats! Keep it going!
word up! Tasha you ready? Carol has an entire game plan for the freebies
goodmornin boo!!!! :-) I hope I can get one bk lol
My dog, on the other hand, has an intense fear of sewer grates. He would be a bad choice for Les Mis. Crushing mama's dreams.
Space Shuttle flying over NYC. Pretty cool to see
Good Morning!
good u?
RT : Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it*
I LOVE all your tweets ... SO FUNNY MAKE SURE TO KEEP ME ENTERTAINED AT WORK TOMRROW
We're using your services for our 1st Burrito Eating Contest & Fundraiser to raise hunger awareness & what we're all about! RT?!
god dammit, such a great album...
The thing about dollar stores...everything's a dollar! Less employees having to answer price inquiries = more profit, right?
its FYI!!! Lol-seeya tonight hun....lets part A!
“: congrats on the #superbowl win!!” thanks buddy!
Hey big bro. Got your video reply. I appreciate the comments. Would def luv the opportunity 2 chat with u briefly @ your earliest
HEY KIDS! WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN A GIRL PUTS OUT??? A CRAZY EX GIRLFRIEND WHORE!!! :'D
welcome to Laredo of the Laredo Lemurs
I couldn't tell if that was u l
can you believe a $7.5 mil/year salary player gets a $2,500 fine for that? You know it's sad when most other players think thats weak
Some people on twitter I ain't never seen in my life lol
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
I cried my eyes out when i hugged you at warped tour detroit 2011. It was the best day of my life <3 AA IS LEGENDARY!
that no matter how strong of an artist he becomes or what he does, he is forever deemed as a person that simply "shot a dog".
Thanks for the mention of our opening on Nov. 3rd. We're open most of the holidays -- so bring friends. Thanks. SECCA
Just received the script for my next movie project. 20th century fox anyone?? Whoop whoop!
As of now, each BTW Ball show is grossing at least 3 million.
Breaking news You Only Live Once.
mice and eating as much fish/turkey/chicken as possible. Aww I'm sorry. dhgpdfg I keep saying that but it's just so sad D:
RT : Got an over of the VSP Array today. That thing is pretty sweet!
I would have politely coughed into my hand and sayed "Crazy" at the same time :)
Happy 4th of July :-D
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
:) who showed us to you?
Airport nightmare. :-(
i did a helicopter tour when i went to kauai, too. such a beautiful way to explore that island. i'll look at your vid
iWeb? what's that? WordPress ALL. THE. WAY!
we are goin to get a new principled tho and they will let otheppl come
I never actually am alone I just always feel alone.
Bring that ass back like you Left somethin '
Taking time out from my condos to watch Cocaine Cowboys on #CNBC Rock it out ! :-D
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Nail Lacquer Fun-to-wear shades. Instant high-gloss finish. Stay-true color that does not fade.
i love you!!!
RT : "Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." Scott Adams
it is true that I usually anywhere fromfive to fifteen during my league season
That's where we're headed. Can't wait until our new site goes live this summer.
Is it nap time yet?
Accountability our final theme. Admin to faculty and faculty to campus as well as each other.
I love Light Up Night! I hope folks got a chance to see some of it.
oh dang I'm sorry! I meant to unfollow some else from my phone. It's all good. I'm sorry
Hottie choice female miley cyrus & male justin bieber
a lady after my own heart
I'm glad and my friends on the Israel Venture are safe and sound in Jerusalem.
Chris Austin and Kevin Quigley speaking
Fuck yes! Taking Back Sunday <3
SPQ-YARRR!!! is a set based on a couple of metal bands (Roman epic death metal and pirate thrash metal).
If you need him, he'll out of the ground would get ... Remember!
FauxNews is yellow journalism at its best & it's disturbing that they have so many who live by their every word
We got your vote! Thanks so much for participating!!
RT : e-portfolios work when there is time for reflection and growth analysis between student and teacher.
will you update when there is a fix?
Good morning tweethearts! Today is the day. He's driving down as we speak *smile so big*. This is just pitiful smh lol.
I had an awesome time at the Sidewalk Scramble last night.
Well u just aint seen the right straw
I go your my best friend hands down and he goes hands down where? ;) lmao this is why you my best friend
Hi, my name is Chris. I'm Addicted to..RT : Advertising people,according to this, UR a bunch of hopeless social media addicts
Sometimes <3 is just a lot of heartache, but when you find a person who loves U for U then you are in true <3 and it will last forever.
I really don't know my way around Hamden, Lol .
I realized that a little later. :)
Wassup to all the homies and OGs and the whole twitter
#bcs2012 Awesome discussion around sexist "brogramming" culture by and
I was just feeling kind of left out, on account of that "E" list and stuff.
can't wait for the new Entourage movie! Arii Gold (AKA you) is the man!
Not so far :-) Competitors though
Great info. Thanks for sharing it!
when's good for you guys?
looking at it now...we'll see if we can work it into the 2012 marketing budget!! Haha, thx again.
Just noticed you're local to #Denver! Hi!
S\O doing her thang at numbers 2nite!!! Thanks 4 the invite fam!!!
lol im sorry girl. Lol but what did you do?
The River by Garth Brooks on WCVH.
RT : Good for New Leaf. Knowing when is the right time to stop is one of the most difficult things any org can decide.
Owners of Costa Concordia offer survivors of the disaster 30% discount off future cruises. Yep, a full 30%. Now that's crisis management!
Pres. Garfield's mother was the first mother to attend inauguration of a son as president.
Hahahahahahahahahaha how can you say cupcakes have no self esteem LOOOOOOOOOOOOL am i the only one who finds that funny?.
Sick. Can't wait to hear it
Don't let it fool you, Youkilis marrying Brady's sister was purely strategic and genius. Let the prodigy factory begin...
Lol RT This explains my mood RT : Happy hump day
thanks so much! I really appreciate it!
wish one if the networks would get ahold of his story.
she made me throw a stack
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL FAINT. WANNA SEE ;D? JUST CLICK FOLLOW. <3
Omg Kevin that I get to facetime with emily
CHILL OUT, I WANT TO WORK AS A DISNEY PRINCESS, CLOSE ENOUGH RIGHT?
Atta girl. So does Robert if I recall the last time me & bren talked to him on fb
Not a problem!
I can talk about my full Comm Day exp on that date. For more info there is a decent thread on OS going on
And this is crazy
FOLLOW ME♥ i love your music:D teamo
Social media has changed the business landscape. Customer conversations will happen online with or without your participation
No Dani going forward on the right is giving more space for Asexis to move left to right
Fake pregnacies are for the immature and naive. Who does that?!
cool. We're working on something that will (hopefully) make it worth your while to check in . . .
Good morning! Its finally Friday :D
I'm a regular employee now. How exciting is that? Ha!
there are so many people i care about right now. don't give up your heart. it's got a wireless connection to the cosmic clock.
night Walter, night Ashley!:) sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!
best of Luck, see in back in Milwaukee
What a rush!
then come on over to Casa de Culotta :p
you misspelled Goad.
#1DNewEnglandContest forever grateful if I won, forever
chaz bono = my hero.
Tonight: 100 Bones, 100 reasons why you should be at Whiskey Chicks. Happy Thirsty Thursday!
yeah that show ! I hated that show -_- but is that where the idea came from? Lol
Pizza & A Pitcher Night!! Buy a Pitcher, Get a FREE Pizza! Also Tonight ~ 3 For 3 Deal -- 3 Miller Lite or High Life Shorties for $3!
HEADPHONE GIVEAWAY!!!!!!!! keep retweeting and keep #teenquestions coming, winner will be annouced WEDNESDAY right before the holidays
how much bake can an egg bake bake if an egg bake could be baked :) And I have had a cocktail! Lol! Xoxo
Listening to on #IHeartRadio. It's one way to get the blood pumping in the morning!!
food hole ?
You can now find me on voicebank.net look for ed hawthorne #voices #voiceover #voice over
"deep down" that makes me want to throw up. snubbing ryno will be the new cubs curse. theo is the new billy goat!
sending hugs all the way from Chicago. Did u get them?
The more I learn about the more it fascinates me. I am "able bodied" but couldn't run 100m let alone with one leg.
Time to make the donutes - or perhaps get up - go to work - and make a differrence! Go get em! and ...skip the donuts!
ill txt you
Just remember, the winner of Britain's Got Talent was a dog, so I guess we don't have a ton to live up to.
RT-) Perhaps the full moon had something to do with it?
I love Joshua but I'm not so sure I was crazy about that performance.
Hola Carlos is TT!..mann i love this boy :D
#Quote ~ Success is determined by those whom prove the Impossible, Possible. ~ James W. Pence
Omg I just chockedd
And in all fairness to me... I forgot about the off night MiLB thread until just about the time I popped in...
LOL. weird!! Where were you heading?
Starting this game again, : Curtains.
fuck yeah James!
With all this St. Patty's Day kissing going on, I have to admit I'm not Irish. However, I highly suspect my dick might be!
Bye bye #cccc11. It was a good time!
u is
RT: If Captain America knew how to use the Kamehameha, the Avengers movie would've been pretty short. Thank goodness all he had was ...
It fucking hot in this bus >.<
Jojo's new song "Marvin's Room" is the shizzzzznit <3 loveloveittt
In which case, I'm betting you know what to consult?
I just dumped a hooker's body in a dumpster before 9 am, so for those keeping track I officially have turned into my mother
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 9
War the hack off. Bring on the epic failures and early buzzers.
Thanks for getting back to me.
Follow and we follow 100% back :)
Just registered for the ASJA conference. I'm ready to be inspired (and inspiring!)
note to drivers during snow fall: it is safer for everyone to allow cyclists to take the lane. i appreciate the parade of honks, though!
Its songs like that, that make me think of you...
:') So proud...keep working hard!
Just drop It Off On His Porch & Dont Let Him Know Im Comin To Get It . lol
bought them Uggs? How many women play for the Pats?
Love Gurrll u so cray but I love u. Party btchessblast in a glass!!!!!
Looking forward to your tweets!
She caught an attitude I had to call a cab
I just saw Beauty & the beast in 3D with my wife and daughter. It was fun, but it cost $50 for the three of us. Man the movies is expensive.
Thirty states have borrowed $44 billion from the federal government to continue UI payments to laid-off workers. CC:
In 1952 EHW said"I do not believe I have heard any reason why certain people collect, however I am sure I did inherit the desire…"
Changed up the website and name - took a while for me to find something that was suiting that wasn't already taken.
FINALLY got to go on twitter! LOL haven't been on in a long time!
have fun baby! And BE SAFE!!!! Muah!
Heading over to Columbia College to talk about SLA 2012 with Pres-Elect Brent Mai and other #slail members
i tell them every day even when they r upset
...porky thought you bought those for him??? What's going on here.
and now off to a great
that happens to me all the time, sigh...Shanshan
RT if you're a horse at the Kentucky Derby and need a fluffer
Aww! Love my thank you letter from that noted my twitter handle. Thanks Julie!
I never got any tweets back about good gyms in Boston. Anyone know of any? Tweet
Just when you think all is good shit goes bad...
but I don't care what they say, i'm in love with you
Let's Go Rangers!
There's something bout that dark place.....
Off to work piece
The FBI wants to monitor social media?? You mean they dont????
Thanks so much for the RT!
Thank u aswell and Godbless....check out my Christian rap music page @ www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012. *** Peace God ***
“With All Due Respect Your Honor…But You Don’t Know Me..”
Whomever still believes in 'rational choice theory' is either hopelessly idealistic or doesn't know anyone on their 3rd marriage.
Opening date is now week of 12/12 (lucky number we're thinking!)
He talks more about Hot Wheels than Indy cars. #NowThatLukeBroadwatersADad cc/
Oh yeah. We go way back, me and Wade. Just like you and Bobby V. I was just curious if was on Twitter. What about Jim Rice?
My bad. Sorry about that.
OMG SOMEONE PLEASE STOP THE GLASS BANGER.
Thanks for following
Still in surgery.
NO..... not FarmVille. Step away from the computer.
Growth is the willingness to let reality be new every moment." -Deepak Chopra
when will notice me!! haha i can just hope!!!!
Erykah Badu - Orange Moon...good vibes while im attempting to study
I didn't. It's on netflix, I'll check it out there. Good?
Wtf, you have to pay to watch 500 days of summer?! #waytoruinmynight ! :(
Ridiculous dude! You already had a bad rep! Goodbye to you!
; i got you
Stacks of wax & mounds of sound
Ok I'm up! Feeling great! Now breakfast then off to wrk! What up twitter!
Landed. Was it just one flight cause my ears feel like it might have been more.
There's nothing more pleasing than to create something. It's like bringing a child into the world- on her work
been in a sleepfunk....all day
Can You Buy Me Something?
RT Comin together is the beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success
Haha a New Brighton Lion :(
Cant go wrong with Alan Jackson's 34 number ones
I wish I was alive when Abe Lincoln was around.
You should be. And send me the pics.
so great seeing you on the marathon course yesterday!!
Don't hate the playa, hate the game.
In order to grasp all the joy life has to offer, we have to open ourselves to new experiences.
Eye doctor told me I had the most beautiful eyes hes ever seen
let the sleepless anxiety begin....
wow the Sixers are back lmaooooo
people are allowed to make mistakes, but us cows become steaks.
I'm vegetarian not vegan, but love them w/ garlic, smoked onion, and hot pepper sauce. Smoked onion is not a bad subst for ham.
I wanna be blessed! Lmao I wanna see this guy.
what happened to Randy
4 more days until I'm 16 :D
Are you interested in international news? Why?
yes! We will be open For Texas vs Ok at 11 am
Merry Christmas to one of my favorite power forwards :) good luck tomorrow. I'll be watching from KY :)
": So let's set the world on fiiiiyyyyaaa!" Gurrrl, I can't get this song outta my head!
Should be an interesting race to follow!
#librotraficante Taking elections back from school board on up. Check website update May15.
I can probly come for about an hour.
got confirmations "The merger is done and we WILL NOT be late in filing the 8k. Hope that clarifies everything."
Not much going on lately. Just working alot. ITs that busy time of the year. Cant wait for the weekend!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day!! How many of you are lucky enough to have boss who cares & is celebrating you today?
Resting players loses playoff games. Period.
If the world is all a stage and the people are merely players...what's my line again?
Yep that wld be me standing there with stained pits :) sorry... but could you repeat the question? (:> didn't catch it.
going back to the 305
Weyler: "What other stories can we use fiction to tell about early America?"
Weak ass arm in left. Fuck.
Duke and Kansas are going to be early exits.
Do you have a promo code?
me too. Mine seem to be going away now that I'm getting the right nutrition, though.
thanks bud! Totally forgot about that lol
“: Just walking into your bestfriends house like you live there.”
not yet :( i will keep at it as soon as we get up there. thankfully we're moving for DH's job, so we have that set for us!
Nuggets took it to 7 which no one expected. Wait til next season.
Setting up new products and expanding our current ones is always on our mind
You're like a Macys monkey detective!
YAA YOUR HOT
Thank you Coach Kays...a great AZTEC...and Coach!
I met some interesting people last night at Iberia Bank G.Opening. Thanks Bank #Iberia Bank
ugh , damn man . this hurts lf .
Congratulations Cardinals!!! Way to take it at the beginning!
CABO MARGARITA.......... Cabo Wabo Reposado blends seamlessly with Grand Marnier Orange Liqueur! Come try one today.
make it cool to be from Alabama!!
LOLOL. Mmkay, that was a little excessive but for real. Small bitches better not touch my Ed or Cher Bear.
Hey Austin(:
I done faked a few nuts actually
#IWishPeopleWouldJust give me a freaking break and an explanation every once in a while.
you obviously aren't in Staten Island, the stench is still strong there...smells like hair gel
We're settling in as best we can, considering. On a little writing retreat in Palm Springs this week. Love it!! Are you writing?
Using dada to to drive social media marketing #smplus with
thx same to all of u best moms!
Everybody to follow she is an AMAZING person and every beautiful:)
let's get a win tonight!
LMAOOO o.O
Serpent's Shadow by Rick Riordan and Insurgent by Veronica Roth come out today, and we have them both! Come on in and start reading!
Hey Punk
Check out Pepper Rabbit
we won both games we 2-0 we on a roll
Barney Frank: To have a functional democracy, we must have a functional electorate...Voting in primaries is critical.
#ILoveMyMother even tho she's not here with me anymore i know that she is still looking down on me. RIP.
Got no sleep this morning. Starting @ 5:00am, my street has been full of loud trucks: garbage truck, giant county truck, lumber truck. Grr!
Any idea around what month LAFF will be taking place?
It's a load of crap. I'm sorry... the organization just hauled in a BOATLOAD of money selling "stock" that cost them NOTHING for $250
If we take 6 months minding our own business and another 6 months staying out of other folks business that's 1 whole year of self control.
The big question isn't 'Are you born gay or do you decide to be gay?' It's 'Why does anyone give a shit?'
Just finish writing a very powerful song> my job is to keep jazz alive and to jazz mainstream. jazz is the language we all can understand!
Just made 22 bucks selling some old ass Xbox360 games at a yardsale. Games Gamestop would give me less than $2 a piece for. Good deal 4 me.
Having to force myself to be productive <
hahaha na you brought it around at the end - but you did say shit on the kaleo stage tho lol
We have $46 loge diamond box tickets for tonight and tomorrow's game vs Cincinnati available for $15 each.
Sorry for the delay. Definitely a fan!
you better
Hahahaha! And it was DONE!!! We def need to get together soon. This time I will be the one to cook! ;-) xoxo
Lol I haven't seen it, Jared. Brody has stunk since The Pianist,so pass! Intrigued?That's all ya got? Must not have liked it
Have great hopes and dare to go all out for them.
walmart shoppers hahaha
oh, whatcha watching?
haha i saw you (:
omg are you here right now??
No lie I would love to be friends with Justin Beiber, dude is cool as hell
I LOVED IT. So catchy and amazing ! (: I'm so proud of you.<3
not making good shots and allowing them in the paint with stupid ass dunks
Incredibly bad? Incredible that it's still on? RT This is several days late, but last week's Office is fairly incredible.
hit the black cock. Lmfao
Share all the joy you have - happiness was born a twin, indeed.
#TwoThingsIWant True Love and Less Stress
What in the world?!?
Mo money Mo problems
Yep. Prices are crazy. Thanks for the coffee. Off to work. Have a great day!
Wow RIP Whitney Houston! So sad!
This weekend's cafe special: $10.50, Grilled Chicken Parm served with spaghetti and a side salad with garlic bread
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. ~ William James
At work bored can't wait for my show tomorrow
I cant wait to see the homie knucklez...tomorrow im getting more tattz ...Body inked up like tha subway in harlem...
#ThatOnePersonInSchool #ThatIReallyCantStand because she has everything I don't.
I'm tired of so many things. But always look forward to the next day.
It feels great outside!
Our Debut Single "Time Is Of The Essence" is now available for FREE DOWNLOAD, off our Facebook BandPage. Enjoy and spread the word
i hate it when people unfollow me
- keep doing what your doing - **** those haters
between feeling 'happy' and feeling whole
The wonderful & talented performing at Amber Live this Thursday May 3rd 10PM-1AM!
It's Friday! Who else is gearing up for the weekend?!
i want lemonade but i dont have any
the theory could lead to tru cloning and not just a genetic clone. Let's clone the soul and see what happens.
yes would love to!! Do you have any time next week available?
Today's writing tip: If you keep insiting you don't know where to start, you'll never get started.
Schroeder's song from Charlie Brown is playing over the speakers...makes us think of Christmas! (it's getting close, right?)
Pill gets SF's second hit of the game—also the 2nd infield hit of the game—and Friedrich is back in the stretch...
Bruce all the way
What kind of favor ?
The moment Wen you think your radio is trippin and its just the beginning of Cake by rihanna an Chris brown
Started Jiu Jitsu today. Love it already : )
Good customer service rules. Be 1.transparent 2.relevant 3.brief (GOOD writing is key) 4.top of mind. THANKS
When your own music gives you chills
Tomorrow, confirms that they found the #Higgs Boson -- Turns out, it was inside all of us, all along.
what do you mean?! Hah
please please let me meet you @ the factory In Chicago it my bday weekend I love you Floyd
yeh, Trainor took care of me, I bruise easy too
Yep...totally wrote quests rather than guess...amazing autocorrect!
Same to you! You have a lovely site!
I'm glad I can finally paint my nails and not have to worry about going to practice and the chlorine ruining them!
That awk moment when you customize your best friends tumblr and she get like 350 follower and i do mine and i have 147 follows..
#bettywhite's show is on and I'm dyin laughing!
Get money fuck what a nigga say
Now watching, #Speed. Love the chemistry between Sandra Bullock & Keanu Reeves.
I'm gonna get my 99% shirt
Alright... Back on the plane... Fingers crossed that we get to take off this time... SFO here we come... I hope...
Last few days of spring break, working on my long term photo project and playing ping pong
Congrats, guys! And thanks a bunch for the T-shirt. You didn't have to share, but you did anyway! Good peeps.
Thinking about moving Orioles fanfest to this Sunday at 3, just to prove I can still get fans to show up.
Hi. I don't know John.
Does anyone know of exemplary uses of digital media (audio/video) used in sync with transcripts and other collateral data?
