Where dem gays at gays at??
THIS! YES!
I cannot go through the day without dealing with someone's bs or constantly being reminded of how Im making someone unhappy..tired of caring
: My meaning did not pertain to fibrous arts. I'm simply done and I have not resources to accomplish anything.
I am great love! you almost done with school? x
never... How u figure
thanks, I needed that,
On my way to DC for the Christian comedy conference. Use me Lord.
#GOP says gay rights is not a civil rights issue Seriously? You're all the same, bigots, backward thinking morons
A free haircut with color service. DM your answer daily and be entered to win:)
Tomorrow at grapevines stadium at 7 vs Mansfield.. Be there! If we win we travel to midland and everyone can miss school Friday so be there
Agreed! Shows a fundamental lack of understanding, or perhaps disregard, of different priorities of managers & bedside RNs.
Last #BICSI concurrent session for the day. Let's see how this one goes. High expectations.
oops, they don't have Christmas in Chino. Wann wunn.
#ThingsThatBotherMe This new Twitter layout what happened to simplicity?!?!
hahaha! kids can be so great!
The Connecticut Sun. An Example of the Rich gettin Richer. Gettin Chay Shegog at #21.She is a FORCE at both ends! The draft must be rigged!
Had so much fun with some old friends from Ennis tonight :) . . . Welp, Cedar Hill tomorrow!
we ballin with the big boys
Why, didn't the crew get a copy of the script?
New Mass Alimony Law Goes Into Effect Today. How has it - will it - affect you? Tune-in or call-in at 12pm...
Curled my hair & this wind is fucking it up, great.
you really should be!
Books4teenboys..HUMAN.FOUR by MIke LAncaster. Reads like a short story. Suspended reality parallels "The Twilight Zone". Unique;Captivating.
what do normal people do in between meetings...?
get ready to say Ahh lol
We can't just have measures we actually have to value them
will be filming the video for his single "My City" off his "Passion For Perfection" mixtape stay tuned for location info!
it helps, but what they really love is seeing that you've gone to various different teachers with distinct methods.
Aren't you going to share? :)
i thought i was theb only one
Need that last minute Christmas gift #SteelerNation??? www.24infinity.com - Spread the Swag!!!
I'm up with you homie.
If you cant fuck shut up
I've always wondered what that song lyric said.
Not sure what to do :(
So old!
Just bcuz i dont talk to you doesnt mean i hate u...it means i strongly dislike you or i hope u get eaten
Damn durant wet!
how was your time in Houston sorry I couldn't make it
I just want to devote my life to Diablo 3. Only problem... I don't own it. Does it work on OSX?
Hey, abortion is serious. Cut it out.
You gave us a "go Hoosiers!" fist pump in the hotel lobby at SXSW last year. Do317com had love for then. Party tickets worthy?
was stargazing in the middle of Montana. Clear, moonless night. Miles from any towns. The Milky Way stretched from horizon to horizon.
So it's okay for the lakers to win by 30+ but when they lose by 30+ everyone else has to shut up...something ain't right
Exactly! Always looking for the next Tiger. He's not out there. RT : I thought McIlroy was the next guy?
“: Have y'all muthafuckas seen The Wire? Shiiii I'd rather deal with that Wisconsin cold.” lol
GM, Happy Monday let's pursue our passions, live our dreams & fulfill our destinies
Avatar > Studying
I'm upset because ustream was so short but I'm still thankful that I got to see him. Don't call me fake because I care about seeing him
I've got some shows to pre-screen. I'll be tied up for awhile.
#bizforum Dig the debate format, opp to engage in respectful banter - socratic method for the digital age!
#TravyonMartin - My HOODIE IS UP for Trayvon Martin
Singing with Dad as we fly down highway 65.
Wait, wait, timeout, you gotta be kidding me!
Ah, sophisticated photo spreads at walmart, absolute genius.
Aw :( I get what ur sayin.
that sounds dark man
Thanks everyone. Very excited to get started March 5
Good evening tweeples! The studio feels amazing tonight, and its already cooling off outside.
We second that! RT Looking into fighting next month so I have to soak up all the bad food now lol
Just got some new crazy stuff! Love shopping.
Are you ready for NYE? Last minute manicures and eye brow waxing available! Call us now! 214.521.2112
Well you better be there!
Details, details....I want details!!!
You know, I've been waiting for someone to ask. It feels odd. Oddest in rare moments when I actually identify w/ the character.
MLB is basically threatening future arbitrators into ruling their way.
I've been told im well advance for my age...!! ;)
u know I want to be with u, so what do u think I should do?? B honest
Name one ingredient Just Salad doesn't have. If it's good, I'll go for lunch today. You may answer once. Also, #PingPong?
": Who ready for me 2 post my new tattoo?".....I wanna see
Props to for pointing out that today's Haring Google doodle also looks like it could spell UTOPIA.
Sunday morning starting off with a Mandarin lesson
lets get this done ...
On Friday we return to Stingers to make your dreams come true. The good ones though. Not the ones where you forget to wear pants to the bar.
WELCOME TO PASSION PARTIES!!!!
great game today! Best of luck to you and Brittany this week! Health and Happiness to all 4 of you!
I can't see the video
I'm sure it's warm and moist inside LBVS
In the studio at Tiny Telephone in T-minus 4 days!
RT Starbucks announces a new drink - the #tigerblood latte - a #winning beverage of bitchin-ness available for a limited time!
#round2 let's get it
omg i ran by a ton on my run tonight & it smelled SO GOOD!!!
will you be at word camp or code camp!
CREEPER ON THE LOOSE ...lol Austin! :)
Expert server management at Lithium Networks.
Actually yeah haha :)
well he's normal everybody has their days. But hey I guarantee you next time you meet him he will be in a better mood! :)
Am I the only female left who hasn't read Fifty Shades of Grey? I just saw 2 copies on treadmills at the gym.
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ru Paul Iron Fist Maribou Mule Slide Slippers in iridescent silver
the sound of local filmmakers collectively saying "oh shit" & scurring to finish RT : #MFF2012 Call for Entries coming very soon...
i quit dance because i missed like 4 classes not because of you...mkay so shut up:/
Day 2 of the CMA Music Fest done. we danced our fanny's off. Back to Big Shotz and Fuel tomorrow. Hear the live stream at
yea! Ikr hope it don't get like school where u can only get signal outside -__-
I'm raising money for - sponsor me here (or PM me for another way to donate that includes fondue!) www.mygivethankswalk.org/sabrinah
#opera rehearsals for #MatrimonioSegreto are hilarious fun!
Thanks for the well wishes. Japan will be a blast, but we're also excited to return to the cute Baby Bosmon.
Scott County Cardinals "Red Heat" pep poster in today's News-Graphic on newstands now.
Let's give Marcum his first win! Go #Brewers!
Don't tell me that inner beauty is better than outer beauty, because in this society. What you look like means a whole lot.
Award winning author. I have posted Chapters 1- 2 of And So It Was Written. I would love to have your comments.
Do you listen to ? Then you might've just heard us mentioned on ArtBeat!! One more day 'til you can find us
when I read that I hear "beer pong domination at dukes"
Amazing that iCloud can't pull in events from Google Calendar.
Playing this Friday with Gimme My Moon Back, St. James Society, & N!P. FREE 21+
“ “ #Taurus gives great love, attention, and is good at fulfilling someone's needs.””
Oh What a Beautiful day!!!! The sun is shining and It's warming up!!!! Enjoy your day!! Have some fun!! Smile a lot!
One good way to get cancer is to ignore it.Cancer can be cured , if not ignored .It's scary if you do or scary if you don't. Please do it!
Whats up Mr. D Pete. Whats the slate looking like for you?
noffinnn. just packing for cali this weekend (:
omg I want that Laverne and Shirley album!
If you see a 12yo kid in station north dressed all in black with a purple knit cap, ask him to give back the iPod he just stole from BPS.
I can't even Imagine paying to see the 3 stooges movie. The original or nothing can't be duplicated.
ugh i feel sick
Can be great comedy RT Listening 2 britneyspears is the best way 2 ride the metro talking 2 the people next 2 u is overrated
Weeding my desktop...
I try adding u but I can't wats ur name so I can look u up
Can a dude dress up as a chick and enter the Miss America pageant?
I'll find it.
Game over
RT : An Ghréasáin is also used for WWW :) << interesting thanks
#Terracotta In-Memory Upgrades Add Speed, Capacity, Control for On-Premise, Cloud Apps by Vance McCarthy (Integration Developer News)
Hope so. Good luck.
I'll be attending the 30 for 30 marathon
When men love we love just a hard as women
lol sighs! add a couple people you know! its all about the pics and filters babes
When one person consumes your whole life and you don't give a fuck about anyone else step back and think about how everyone else feels
haha... I will show u soon... I still gotta get organized... :b but u are technically my inspiration right now. <3
Would like to thank all the salsa dancers who represented last night at Club Irie. Kudos!
Bears claim Kyle Orton off waivers? Or return of the #neckbeard. Orton can't do it like #cuttydoesit sadly.
our follower count doubled the day after the first news report broke.
Taking app for the Mac for a spin. See if it can replace Ta-da list.
yes that is her....ANNOYING
Come on in and we'll get you fitted in something your guests will want to copy...
lmfao u should of put ya verse. In
Last day of school.. Its seems so surreal. Is this really bout to happen?
RT Just arrived at the ocean's deepest pt. Hitting bottom never felt so good. Can't wait to share what I'm seeing
Orton on the show now! Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
I had a great time :) now time for a tweet back please !!
Anytime. :) Wish I could go this year, but will keep up via your stories!
's performance was absolutely adorable. Love her!
Now that his campaign's over, Newt "Might Never Repay Debts" #huffpost Why doesn't he take a job as a school janitor??
i suffered full blown phone death today at work, was it the tweeting? hmm ?
I think they'll find her guilty. I've been following the trial a little bit- so many random details contained in the story.
Well, let's just see what all those April showers will bring us this month.
Gaylord National Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Had a number of great meals out this week--looking forward to another one at this evening. Yay for having visitors from #Maine!
Sometime I just want to be alone
I'm definitely taking a walk for lunch. Beautiful day in DT MKE!
I hate editing...now I feel like he might pick Lindzi?
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME -
are you performing at Summerfest in Milwaukee Wisconsin?
"who is calling my phone number"
Do I want to be feared or loved... both. I want people to fear how much they love me.
Twin Anchors is a very family friendly orientated place & I'm sure the kiddos will love it! Come see for yourself today!
Pay phone
Music cleanses the soul. Loving it.
Benefit for scott's brain surgery sat 9/17 11am Amer. Leg. #381 on Kelly St. Food fun entertainment! Please RT and ff thanku!
Being a dad is one of the most terrifying and rewarding jobs ever
I know! It's like can't you get that I DON'T WANT TO TALK?! obviously, they don't. :l
A relationship is built off of TR(us)T!
I think it was invite-only, but I was lucky to snag a ticket from a friend who was invited.
Getting energized at the Higher Learning Commission annual conference.
#NP Weezer - Island In The Sun
Ahh amazing!!! I can't wait!!!!
Find me. Follow me. Exchange with me @ MyBizXchange.com
Does anyone think I should put the lyrics to my original songs on youtube in the video info? :)
Thanks for the RT!
couldn't be assed making breakfast, so had a muffin instead.
hey babe you in ft Lauderdale
Sounds like a wonderful year :)
Thirsty for blood
Also, love the new avatar :) Was Parks and Rec as good last night as it's been lately?
ooohhh nice! Thank you! will definitely try to go!
yeah it's a continuation of my blog. Im excited. I'll keep u posted.
thanks :) hopefully credited haha
just finished "bringing up Bébé" amazing. This is exactly the book I need in my life right now. Thank you!
Damn that sounds good
thank you man. I act like I am 12 according to Lol so I feel young!
ASHP posts new podcasts: Civil War Photography and History, a public panel on the Civil War @ 150 , bit.ly/nbSKNj
Perfect morning for a little David Bowie and the Talking Heads.
Definitely not.
I think I'll spare everyone that one.
Worldwide- need TOP NOTCH Fashion and Glamour models for "career" type assignments with Major Companies.
#MixedRaceProblems , On Job Applications You Have To Check 2 Boxes Or Other -_-
Mom might have all the family come over... So that would be a no going out for me... Maybe
Rise in teenage pregnancy ‘due moral values breakdown’
Driving for 3 hrs and going nowhere
Damm I can feel the change already from going to the gym I'm going to continue going more often
Net proceeds from Songs of Hope From Japan will be used to help as much as we can those who were affected by the tsunami.
I'm not gonna lie. I skipped most of that and all I saw was "the rapist" before I read the whole thing.
I can do bad by my damn self. Im not sittin and just puttin up with certain shit anymore.
So glad that I only have to learn like one new syllable to remember #KimJongIl's successor's name.
Tyga rack rack city bitch
Would love to get out Business cards printed with a letter press.
What about you and Taylor?
def a good thing - didn't miss much. I'm off tomorrow, so trying to spend some time relaxing with k
History belongs to the intercessors. - Walter Wink
AP Newsbreak: #Marines decide to discharge sergeant for Facebook postings criticizing President
MT A2 Social media tools help me find people associated w/ #mainstreet dists, but places themselves? Not so much.
:) man RT : Your man shouldn't have to eat take out everyday.
was wearing a FREE ENES shirt in his video last night?
happy B-Day :D
If your business is hospitality you should learn how to GET BACK TO PEOPLE. Jeepers.
Ok :) Ive been called worse anyway lol
If you guys wanna support a good cause you should check out http//:www.silentchildren.org
I believe the conversation was on just how kitschy a Monet mug was, and whether we were supposed to feel bad for owning one. :)
Premature celebration
We are really missing the Thailand weather. Want to be sunny and warm all summer? OK, and a little rainy. Summer 2011 will be awesome.
we may never be able to have a complete civilized conversation, but with history that doesn't make it into the books,that's fine with me.
tonight at MSG!
Ooh! Relatives want to see my mom's library, which is the Tyson's branch. So I expect I could meet you. I think they're off by 4?
should be interesting to see what the tools & fools over at Breitbart's Bigs will do without someone telling them what to think/say/do.
buy stock in double A batteries
Double loyalty points tonight and every Monday at all of our restaurants!
RIP katie bisson
Maybe it will be better if I end my night with
yeah why?
Directors (and Rochester residents) Matt Ehlers, Dan Petracca & Vanessa Tobis, we'll see you in "Adventures & Challenges" You make the...
Baby you lightning up my house like nobody else. The way that you make big thunder gets me overwhelmed.
hope sometime soon, I could show you some things lol
why didn't he score 50 That's why his 81..points against Toronto meaningless...do it when it counts against playoff teams.cant
Further via : Special Lost TweetUp Paddle Task Force formed w/ & me as members & as Chair.
Don't try to understand the world, understand the world around you!
*Snaking my arms around ’s waist, pulling her against me* I apologize for being late. Hungry?
:3 So adorable yet hard for me to work at the same time
I keep one rolled!!!! -Wiz Khlifa
I still have not told him no. Maybe now I have to.
If ur an outkast u can be friends with the popular kid they can be nice:-)
Hey there! Thanks for the follow! Stop in for a cup when you are in the 'hood!
Foster care crisis looms over 2012 - Morning Star Online
History will remember the greatest tag teams of all time. The Hart Foundation, Demolition, The Road Warriors, Primo & Epico...
It's just a way of life. It's my commitment to excellence in entertainment. My music, my acting, my photos...everything!
Whatever you need.
you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
TODAY : a marathon reading of Kerouac's "On the Road"! Come listen - or read! We'll be here 11AM - 9PM.
Great chat everybody!
plz disregard that last tweet........ i blame the weed
A transformer blew up in our neighborhood. Power is out on our block.
All i want to do is eat right now. Hurry up clock
layin in the bed. Is it worth going through today?!? Long week ahead.
Coffee - GOOD! Swim & Run I'm doing in a little bit - GOOD.... Happy Friday my friends :-)
Yes, it reminds me of "16 Handles" iced yogurt shop in the East Village in NYC.
it's very awkward to eat a salad with a spoon -_-
Xenotransplantation as a therapy for type 1 diabetes
I'm at the tonight with and 7:30. Humans only.
RT “: "Eenie meenie miney mo. Bitch I fuck him like a pro. Suck his dick til he say "oh" twerk that ass and drop it low"
Saw the play my cousin Hannah directed (Footloose) It was good but i only saw it for my nephew lol
Thank you for pledging to support #school #libraries in #ESEA on floor! please join Sen. Mikulski!
um u nt sleep sir
Activity Day next week (: finna Smash in 5th period !
So…that was weird.
Twitter broke.....
Thanks for putting up with my rants though
Thank YOU! I see you're in SF-I'm chatting abt A Tiger in the Kitchen & signing books 3 pm 3/20 @ -swing by!
According to "Stay at home moms know nothing about hard work...'til they've walked in my shoes."
what friends?
Wtf did I do to you? Be nice, loving and supportive gf? Well sorry for doing all of these things right! I hope your happy with her
RT This assessment of security among a set of cloud providers will interest folks in #digitalpreservation #dpc ht...
Let me be Bree. She's perf. Can I have your face and you can have mine?(:
60 degrees this morning
You are there???
We all know what couples are doing this morning -- THE NASTY. Lol
Biggest fail of #12NTC has been the overcrowding in the breakout sessions.
well I had one longer so this is my place
Heading off to Infusion Lounge in SF for tonight's bartending gig. See you there!
RT : Not at all RT : Hank did it surprise you Bubba won the Masters? (cc )
lost five hours of manuscript work due to computer crash last night. Back on the saddle today.
downtown is growing up. Live music is hit or miss. Maybe you'd catch something at (Alice) Cooperstown, but no gaurantees.
Getting back into Minecraft. Disaster.
Hey, Dawn. Happy Sunday, love. xo
At Power Plant I happily bought 's "Burying Small Fires" book, in which he buries Ruscha's "Various Small Fires"
Things change, along with relations.
We definately will if we do. Hope to see you out!
Nothing worthwhile ever comes without sacrifice.
Why did all of the other artists even come to the #Grammys? Once they knew Adele was nominated, they should have just stayed at home.
Newly acquired pick up line: I'm a taxidermist. My favorite thing to stuff is beavers.
Just had a Lean Cuisine Pizza and I have to be honest.....IT WAS THE BOMB!!! Lol :-) God Bless!
say she only fxcked like 4-5 niggas, so you know you gotta multiply by 3
It's really disheartening how the number of people whom I really trust has dwindled to almost zero in the last three years. =/
please share which online bank with me?
Hey girlie! You in Austin? I so wish I was able to go. You have got to post pictures.
Creativity begins with the teacher.
i think it will be best to have someone out again. give me the best day and time and i'll set it up
I'm sure this "guest" post on has nothing to do with the fact that has a "D" next to his name.
#iWish the superstar life.
Good luck tonight!!!
"is he white or black?"
Next up, 832, New Roles and Careers in Learning. Should be a good panel discussion.
Im going to the A to get TF away from ppl!... :)
Whatcha doing in Vegas?
Hey locklanders... Who wants to take me tithe DMV tomorrow? (:
I prefer to call myself "superstar"
never hit me up no more like AT ALL -.-
it is called a urban farm.. ;)
i love y'all boi no homo, y'all sitting on a bomb, due to explode next game
or underhanded deal w ? #savektru RT: In undrgrnd lot to meet stranger for cash-only exchange. Craigslist or drug deal?
they used to eat only home made dog food...
God bless Japan
Starting to spend more time living and less time on the computer......
new follow...and new member!!!
Can you please Follow me?(:
Song Titles Day
On the way to get
little odd but love everyone's enthusiasm
Happy Good Friday and Earth Day! Make it a great day y'allz =)
blatant rip-off of the Holmes & Watson camping joke.
YAY!!!!!!!!! we got two more houses and 3 more to go before the next block oh god were getting loads of candy!!!!!!!!!!
Installing new #gear at the #studio today. Looking forward to all of the upcoming #model, #talent and #band #shoots coming up.
a situation
Alaska One is airing IN THE LIFE on Sat (11/12) at 11:30pm & again on Sunday (11/13) at 5:30am. Thank u 4 spreading the word!
Clarify please? Problem I see is difficulty storing, using, and sharing individual item data
“Sourire” (smile) with your “cœur” (heart), not just your “lèvres” (lips)
It's amazing how you can walk out your front door one morning, and everything has suddenly changed...
It makes me mad when my mom drives 40 MPH on the highway
LOL! Stop, you're killing me! RT I have more fun than any one person should be allowed. I must have been a saint in a prior life :)
#AskPSanders whats your favorite t-shirt?
It's a miracle! A miracle right here in Alabama! Sez the 7 year old prophet...
Hello to all my tweeter folks out there!?
Great time in Orlando at the Franchise Show! Great to meet some new business connections!!
Everything is okay in the end, so if it's not OK, then it's not the end.
is so terribly flawed its shocking. You've got to be an idiot with no brain to support such inconsistent incompetence
this is so upsetting and crazy... I live only blocks away and it seems like such a different world
Not only is the absolute coolest, this is some unbelievably comfortable gear to wear!
Stop. Youre married RT 4th day uve walked by the studio & I haven't recognized u. What's w/ the lookin all pretty?
RT Nothing but #Smiles and
hanging with my couson amd my sisters wbu
That, and rehashing the same thing over and again got tired. The writers introduced annoying love interests, too, after Stella.
to be a guest on Saturday morning at 10:20 a.m. MT.
Yesterday's vid for OcJazz Saturday: Blue Bossa on my Muse #ocarina!
Loud Thunder <
Damn I want some more
Happy monday, hope everyone has a great week!
might go to the y to play ball. gotta keep trying to get to the top of my expectations
Ask your Hair Stylist what "Degrees" is your Hair Cut. Or better yet, tweet with a picture of your #hair. He will consult you.
Working on my case studies. Got any new ideas of stuff to test?
Did you know we're on the radio? Radio 92.3's Inner Sanctum SUNDAY NIGHT 10-12am. Maybe we are famous.... nahh Thank you fans!
I'm so jealous! Send me your itinerary again. I can't wait to see what you're up to.
yes - we do have an Events app! Serendipity is our 5th #bizapp ^jv
Countdown to TCAs- 2 hours and 27 minutes. (: TCAs and other award shows r what i always cant wait for. (:
God damn it would you people stop blowing up my phone? I'm just trying to listen to slipknot while I shower.
perfect - thanks!
ur very welcome boo! U should have known wasn't getting up after the kind of night he had. :)
Store Clothes Now Have Real-Time 'Like' Counts Built Into the Hangers
Fucking killing it...
Can't sleep going to the rink to puck around....
umm hello....hey
Baby do those things that you only do for me
Hunny, I look like I'm packing a pistol to rob a bank! So we good. !! Plus you're no fat!
Follow me please :) P.s i love you and you're great at dancing!xx
Seeing seminar with !
C'mon Gordon! This is your time
Of course we're following you! :) Thanks for giving our music a listen and enjoying it, you're awesome!!
Both are. NOW. Somebody forgot to put his hearing aid in.
i AM FEELiNG A LiTTLE BETTER THAN i DiD THiS PAST WEEKEND. i MiSS MY GRANDM0THER TERRiBLY.
Metaphors we use influence what we do, how we use technology. We use slides in a very linear way. I, the presenter, give audience something
ughh i hate doing stuff im not good at :/
": Having to wake up at 7 tomorrow <<<<<"
yesterday was D day but on February,22,2011 will be Nagasaki & Hiroshima when we drop the bomb & take back the 12 ward to the people
it was yesterday !
i wish my house was filled with fruit. not this gross junk food.
Let's go pacers!
yay!!!! we got da ball! #broncos :p
I'm about to fire someone else from my phone....
- stomach is killing me '
'This guy rates down this ASUS, 's plain he shorted the chipset, probably used it to push the board down. Are you going to be so careless?'
The Cherokee Challenge: Turn an environmental liability into an asset. Apply at www.cherokeechallenge.com. $20k in seed funding per venture
recording with mike :) then KNAPPS UNDERGROUND in BENNINGTON VT !!!
My cousins are coming today wooohoo
but why? it's so descriptive.
Phone storage space is low...maybe I should delete something Lol
currently rewriting these objs: "Demonstrate an understanding of how to perform [BEHAVIOR] under [CONDITIONS] in accordance with [STANDARD]"
Yeah, it's become pretty obvious we don't have a finisher when I watched the video the team posted from practice.
Oh god... How can I view it?
#Swear I Goes To Work Up on That Pussy Like She Pay Me To ! I Dig Er' Up And Now She Walking Like she 82 !
that's far less fun.
I promise I will sleep today. I don't have a fever but I hope I didn't put anyone on the DL hanging w/ them last night
A lawyer without books is like a workman without tools.
I ain't one for niggas wishes, but I wish a nigga would.
And u can't trust anyone these days😒it's sad.
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities
Home Alone
F.A.I.L First Attempt In Learning, don't be afraid of failing for its crash course of learning in the school of success!!!
you sir just made me crave some shrimp coctail...
by the way, love the quotesimages on your site. such as "would you like you if you met you"? may have to retweet some.
#WeWontWork if you don't have a sense of humor.
I swear I'm nocturnal...
If Ron Artest is World Peace, then Stephen Jackson is Ghandi
Today is Wednesday & it's Taste of a Grape&Groove $5.00 Wine by the glass from 4-7pm. & VALERIE ADAMS & THE DIMENSION BAND from 6-10pm
#MyBiggestFlaw a lack of a sufficient amount of sleep
FullTime Assistant Controller in NorthHills. Contact for details
Hi Kat. Please follow me so that I can dm you :)
it's impossible to see in that pic but there are flipping giant whales flipping around out there. Double redundant.
Hi Georgia, Cheers for the follow. S
New Dem candidate for WI guv Kathleen #Vinehout on Ed Show tonight.
I would if I made millions of dollars off of it.
I didn't do hot in econ in college, but I'm thinking slowly deteriorating service & facilities don't warrant a fare hike.
Whatever word you use to describe Beyonce, I'm going to call a roundabout way of saying "spot on." (sideeye)
congratulations! I figure it's an honor even to be considered by such cool dudes, right?
my feminist daughter watching such trash!
happy birthday gurl! Hope u having a cray fantastic day :-)
it's not cool. it stinks like rotten cheese.
I just finished a 1.70 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Just Let Me Go
Vodka is the devil in fancy dress
Sub7 and The Undead will be in full swing by March stay tuned !
lmfao well im sorry ;D
I will not sleep until follows me tonight!:) I love you:) 11:11:)
Me all day today: "Are you fucking kidding me?"
I Need To Go To Bed .. #TOOOMUCHDRAMA. #goodnight. #texts?
Pfft, That's how I roll.
Specials are available! email:
You're welcome and Thank you Too!
remember the days when all we did was wake up early, go to school, come home and do whatever tf you wanted? lol
The Luna chair has a space-age shape & color that makes it very appealing (price is out of this world, too, just $374.96)...
tax codes with progressive rates have been with us for 60 plus years. It's good policy, not class warfare
He definitely looked the part after the game.
What's good Jarrett??
We're making some exciting changes to how the world can interact w/ #ROWE...stay tuned for more coming soon :) (cc )
#continental, staff at gate insisted I proceed to Sen Lounge due to gold status but met there by fanged staff insisting on three forms of ID
Do you have info about how to prevent hijacking Twitter accounts and sending out "I lost weight using this great product!" ?
Song of the Day: home sweet home by Mötley Crüe
Bottled All Hail Ale No. 14 (Maple Winter Warmer). It's going to be quite excellent when the snow comes.
Looks like it'll be a great discussion! RT : Don't forget tonight's #s4pm tweet chat hosted by ! 8pm ET/5pm PT
Your new girlfriend is cute!!! She looks so familiar, what football team did you say she plays for? :D
Don't like that twitter has been around long enough to see ppl i follow getting married and having babies. Twitter is growing up and stuff.
Wouldn't that be much cooler! ;)
thinks it's odd so many famous and not so famous people are dying all of a sudden
Hey! It's Chris Brown!
DMV wouldn't be so bad if the workers actually didn't walk off for 10 min after every 2nd customer
aims to refresh its workers' computers every 24 months, on average, which helps keep performance high/maintenance low
Question From Randy in the chat Does the NBA take an official's history with a team when assigning games?
no, but thinking about it...paul's not on fb, so there may an imposter, or his cousin in bronx with same name
great, you
It was fun--:)rt: I hope the boys of have a great show tonight at the Belly Up!
What is the best holiday for music?
Right, until you need a job :>)
I'm especially grossed out by this: "the magic that happens when she helps others." ack.
I like Mr. Hartman before he went he was mainstream #hippster?
Grabbin on my sheets and hittin notes like you're Mariah
#questionsihateanswering ''Are You Virgin?'' -.-
Good luck to my friends Day ONE!!! I wish I was there!
Happy #Halloween everybody! What are you dressing up as today? $1 #bartab drinks make the perfect costume accessory!
LOL Yes I do :) It's not just mine though, :P otherwise I would name it one of those... ;)
Once I give in he's gonna win either way I loose
RT : Many people dont realize how reliant services you use every day are on Amazons cloud servers.
Thanks for meeting this morning Starting to read your book "Brainfluence", intriguing.
the best thing in the world: basketball all day.
Just emailed you!
Ingram Park Nissan Impressed By Latin American Sales Numbers
Good morning Jawan! Have a great day :-)
2 soccer matches officiated now off to play some
loved the Faux Jane reading/interview. Thanks for making my Sat morning!
Sounds good.
I love you ! My hair looks awesome.
What do you mean chicken isn't vegetarian? :)
Girl you know i i i i i love you.
Sometimes it scares me how much like Joey I am lol ;p
your hair is a danger to mankind - for our greater good you must shave it off!
Film directers like Michael Bay and Robert Rodriguez make the actors mark out.Viva Machete!,Boom!
All Vegan today except for the #Seattle #Chocolates San Juan Sea Salt MILK Chocolate Truffle Bar
yes it will be nice for me to eat at Elsa's two nights in a row.
Thanks for the free 6-pack of apps but all the promo codes are expired. HUH?! LAME. Please renew this offer.
But because of this, sometimes the League really seems to have passed him by.
it'll never happen. they won't let us get married.
suprisingly #ijustwantmypantsback is kind of good.
You were the best tonight on #glee "if you pee in my pool, I will kill you!" Hilarious
Congrats to on his new gig as comms director for House Majority PAC.
Chocolate chip cookies were yummy. Along with chocolate milk. ;-)
Twitter Is Acting Mental !
#HappyMothersDay Papa and I are BBQing for my Mom!
Ah I'm so excited!! My Maid of Honor & BFF Emily joins the club, her boyfriend Julio just proposed to her at the Wiener Dog races!!
These niggas on the bus said Erwin looks like Chief Keef! Hahaha
#gsocial thanks for the shove that I need to get my g+ better established esp pages - been a little lazy.
I didn't I haven't been on here..but this shyt unfollowed EVERYBODY so I'm following everybody back smh
I agree w/that (tho, not 2 the exclusion of jazz ed). I am hoping to make an impact on my local jazz community.
nothing sounds better than going to my room and crying for the rest of the day.
Any pics we can see before ?
Niggas Hatin Cause Im Takin They Bitch...And Later On That We..#ExchangeFuckFaces!
permission to lust after you?
I promise you will LOVE ! :) Go check them out!!
also: & lots of other people I don't remember now
Cantor go get a real job! You are not cutting it at your current position!
I'm really really thrilled about summer and all, but it's possible that I'm more excited about New Years.
#thatawkwardmoment when you get to western Rehersal 15 minutes early and your just sitting there awkwardly because your alone...
I always use Mr/Ms when writing a stranger too. Once a coworker became offended when I used her first name.
Ugh! I'm emotionally and physically drained. Two bad things to be when you're a mom. Idk what to do. =/
LOVES STAN !YUMMY
. MT 17th-century British "trick" poetry meets in magnificent die-cut masterpiece 2 years in the making
Love this --> RT : Once you accept the fact that you're not perfect, then you develop some confidence. ~ Rosalynn Carter
The Arkham City demo was dope.... I wanna get Arkham Asylum Dx and now im all excited for the dark knight rises as well Dx haha
Too tired to tweet anymore
Follow me back or i will unfollow u!
Happy Star Wars day May the fourth be with you .#Happy Star Wars Day
Im sweet but i end up sour, hear my thunder feel my rain!
Come visit the Zipcar team on PSU's campus today! Look for us on the N side of Neuberger Hall & bring your pals down to sign up for a deal.
If you all haven't heard, my band is booked for the first 2 weeks in August 2013 in Sweden with Fredrik Nordstrom who has worked with bands-
Memorial Day Weekend Kick Off at Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale 241 Drinks til Midnight
I wonder what postapocalyptic horror this solar flare will bring? I hope its reanimated toasters with a hankering for the flesh of the bread
Happiness has little to do with what we have; everything with what we think.
I'm good Lil mama...still pushing...u good?
music is so real
thank you for being there tonight.
People are funny. We spend money we dont have to buy things we dont need to impress people we dont like
he said what you good at? Artwork script lettering you know lol
Wtf? My friend just texted me asking if I could call her because she lost her phone... My question is how did you text me dumbass?
was the one I was thinking of. I think there may be a hashtag #opened too, but not sure.
RT : "you are so hot, every your commercial comes on tv I always compliment" Amen to that
I wonder who Michael Moore voted for in the Michigan GOP primary...
“: A French Kiss is called an English Kiss in France.” what are French Fries called?
Keep helping by voting for my friend "Celleste"! Posts on my page!!! :) Thanks everyone! Also, Third Stream and Elby CD's coming soon! :)
Even doe am waisting my time doing this when are y'all gonna follow me?
I really like it!
When haters hate. Don't hate back. Kill them with kindness. ♥ ~Damon Fizzy.
LOL!!! RT OH: Give a man some deer and he has food for a day. Teach a man to hunt and you can get rid of him for an entire week!!!!
Why are children obese? Probably because burgers are $.99 and salads are $4.99. (via )
According to reports, the Iowa Senate will debate the state earned income tax credit increase on next Tuesday.
This whole trip has been God's timing - I shouldn't be amazed but i am at the power of prayer
Hanging out in the XMPie Booth at Print 09...Stop and say hi!
I dont get why is tweeting me the letter "O" but whatever (-__-)
Sen. Boxer praises Sens. Thune, Inhofe and Vitter for their work on highway bill. Last glimpse of bipartisanship this yr?
it was a good win for !!!! she has greatness in her ! she will show it in the summer :) !
When I go to a Capitals game my record is 27-4-2…. Damn!
C'mon spring time... I see the daylight creepin.
Lebron James has been playing with a lot of confidence within the 2012 NBA playoffs. He is also a very friendly, nice person.
shout out too new follower an he sexy as hell
A picture is worth a thousand words-send family photo to MN truth of love and commitment
if I do then I will get pictures :)
Fuck you George Karl! Can't beat me!!!!!!
Kinect Adventures has a river-raft time trial and obstacle course, playable by up to four people.
yay! I hope you can make it to !
I wish it would stop thundering and actually rain...a nice long rain.
oh lmao im out of it
Nice little cold front moving thru Texas I like......
you're just jealous carp!! You know you want to be in more league! Haha
Didn't see it. Dude we have our own closer problems. What happened to Marmol???
I LOVE this POI! Thanks for RT!
This commute from Flo Po is so much longer than I'm used to
You kindly reply more than most people on Twitter! U R a true Twitterbug!
Thank you for posting this petition to your feed and for your support on this important issue! :)
Yeah. I'm thinking about the occupy the farm thing her in Albany; the UC bought land using tax dollars in the 1920's, which
Memorial Day Pilates Party: 6 Privates only $300 + 3 Free Mat Classes! (FRIDAY - MONDAY ONLY)
Me too, lady!
NextEra Energy Resources Opens North America's Largest Concentrated Photovoltaic Power Plant
Awesome! RT : I did! I got a studded denim vest and a beaded native american belt :)
What happened to the '' los ramblin rebel rousers de cincinnati? ''
I think his brother Jebbadiah wanted to have a butter churn off!
The Heat is playing NASTY! So many elbows and fouls. Refs are doing a good job!
That sucking sound you hear is everybody getting the hell out of town for recess
use G+ well as individuals to promote their biz, says
I'm following her, thanks :-)
Playing a concert tonight at the Merc in temecula. It's vocalist Mark Winkler's gig; Hamilton Price and I will be on the bandstand. 7:30 pm.
Yes ;D lol
create a live, cannot be passive, being a writes costs something Dana Gioia #USC #writers conference
There is marshmallow fluff on my trousers
Excited and energized after great conversations with and tonight.
On location this morning with ! What are ya'll up to this morning?
Frst 5-min of Glee made me think it was a total Election rip-off, but I think it has potential. & Emma is frickin' adorable.
your just a phase.
Grills Just Want to Have Fun! It's true. Ask (in person) from noon - 5pm. Buck-a-Burger today (ONE DOLLAR!!)
First time I met you was the mid 90's on Perry Street. You were shopping in the area and driving a convertible! Good ol NY!
Can't wait to speak at Wkshp H this afternoon! We're talking social media/legal issues from app to pink slip.
Advertising is what you do when you can't go see somebody. I like that one!!
Ok sorry again
it was a long day
first round highlight!? I guess that should have been expected of a Texas school qb...lots of choices. He passed that test
Thank you for tweeting this!
Tomorrow: Barbara Katz Rothman "Embodied Knowledge: The Case of Birth, Bodies, Science & Craft" 12-2pm Grad. Ctr. Room 6112. Free lunch!
*faints from mass of gorgeousness you're exuding* 💔
I'm hungrryy as hell
I haven't seen an article about anything specific. I wanted to know where in Gilo and the general circumstances if possible
Goodmorning, hope everyone enjoys their day ! ^__^
m [please email attention Claude Flot for submissions and booking]
Just had a great time in DKEF!
hahaha whys it always gotta be a racial thing
#MissJadyn is adorable. She looks like a future diva of America.
cant wait for tomowrroww ! sister is comingg going to be hilarrious.! (:
cool birthday present!! Birthday wine! giftedvine.com/catalogs/wine/…
smh why u don't have it keem?!
Oh shucks. You're gonna make me blush.
Now let's hear a song about heartache and anger, yeah let's do that.
I wish I was at the beach._.
plz notice me! this is so sad im pathetic for even thinking ur gonna follow me:(
Thank u 2 every1 who voted 4 our DIG Gives Back campaign. U can still nominate ur fave. charity 2 win the donation! just tweet us the name!
Over 18 & my eyes are green, slim trim and im also light skinned
My night consists of Footloose and House Bunny 😊
Alexis, Mae West was tried here for.....obscenity! Her then Bway show was considered quite, quite risque back in the day!
Take the time to come home to yourself every day.-- Robin Casarjean
ha, i've yet to party with you mr. i think it's about that time.
I don't even know I tweeted that. Twitter is weird.
": I like smoking weed"
Christmas tree is gone. Christmas is gone.
If you haven't claimed your #salons Google Places page yet, stop reading this and go do that RIGHT NOW!!
ironically there's a club called the cowboy here..
so scared...so much for my plans this weekend..
lls why is ya name Mack? You ain't gangster ya got a dam poodle.
That's definitely a risk. Which tools will best equip your students? Focus there.
GAMEDAY!!! Baseball hosts Western Carolina at 630 in Game 1 of the Wingate by Windham Invitational ....BIG Weekend Series!! GO FINS!
Show tonight in Norman at the Hidden Castle! We'll be rockin' out with Highdive and The Gunship! Time to put on those party pants
I looked into this a bit ago, unfortunately seems budget options are far away from ofc hotel
We actually only have the 11" of that gen, we will try and get it.
R.I.P. Junior Seau
I like Madonna's new song, Vogue.
Because I feel guilty that he has to take the time to read my tweets instead of his friends and family's.
What a great weekend!
U so ugly ya mamma had 2 tie a porkchop around ur neck do the dog will play wit u
&#39;Live mannequins&#39; raise awareness of high teen pregnancy rate
Along with Vinnie Vocals at the Ugly Dogg will also be Young Midas, Zio Pittsburgh Rapper, and Hollywood Knox. Had to Update yall!!!
If i dont wear my glasses anymore, maybe i wont even need them :D
Can we bring back recess for the adults too? After lunch is perfect to run and play!
lol I love your hair :p
add me on facebook.com/toninkajj
I'm not sure the kids would like it, but the parents probably would! So...did you do it?
“: Long range.....it looking very mild next week...40s and 50s possible.". Thank you Patrick! Crazy
Heres our #Belieber goal try 2 make #welovebiebs a trend until sees it or tweets something about it!?
God dam you auto correct . -.-
night all
#hatred centerville is full of a bunch of duches
<3 boom you just got hit wit tht tweet .
You look like you should be on the Titanic.
oh wow I've never heard a lightning bolt like that
A shout-out to , my 1,300th follower.
"When you possess great treasures within you, and try to tell others of them, seldom are you believed." -Excerpt from "The Alchemist"
RT : GREAT article in about why we love #ABQ! Congrats ! #newmexico [Thanks!]
hahs I know! I'm going with bake cookies...and a quick home workout :)
Excited for David Dani coming up from Ft Worth to do some recording this weekend for a new EP. About to line out some cables
Good morning runners! Happy race day!
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
STILL great to see Andy on the mound today. He will only get better.
Everyone! check out my new videos !! Rate, Tell me what you think !! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes PLZZZZZ Ill do the same
better visit me next year! I'm gonna miss her and our convos & of course our understanding on everything like 🔥💩?! Haha 😂
#HappyMothersDay to my mommy that I love to death
thhx for your follow, i'll look to chat soon !
I swear my appendix is on the left side of me
It soon became clear that #SAFE is an org that had flown under the radar for so long, that accountability had gone out the window
Well, atleast I'm getting my skateboard back. ;~;
confused as to why Aaron Carter is following me..
ART Director - A Developer based in Europe - for more information contact .uk
Currently listening to Billy Beane #iwny . Great kickoff
Rafa Marquez is going to be 50 and still be playing with
My parents cannot take their medications on their own, they never know the days, they forget to pay bills and they have let themselves go.
Sleepy and creepy.
YOUR FIRST CONCERT FOR #welcometoparadise IS TOMORROW, good luck(:
Ghost in the Shell for a change of pace?
hahah shiiit.. Im gone then.. I guess. Maybe. More or less. Im over there
Great show and turnout at House of Blues last night. Thanks to all that made it happen....AS
omg seriously? Ugh :-(
Google Drive provides alternative to Apple&#39;s iCloud
RT Hi I'm Chad and I love you and if you love me back you'll feel better about it being Wednesday
Council will approve repairs for it tonight. We are discussing the matter right now.
this is bad ass!
I just don't understand how you could not like Austin Mahone??
Congrats on being a #Pulitzer finalist for the coverage of the Gabrielle Giffords shooting!
Oh man. That sounds so amazing. The views this weekend have been spectacular!!!
Irvine Trial Lawyer Greg Brown elected to the Orange County Trial Lawyers Board of Directors for the 3rd year in a row. Congrats Greg!
Memo on... don't stay up late, drink wine and then then get up at 4am. memo off
Don’t wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect condi…
#thingsihateaboutfacebook There's not enough people on... ;-/
has anyone in this family ever even seen a chicken?!
WELCOME TO KUSHVILLE VOL 1 BETTER GET DAT ASAP❕❕
A group of unicorns is called a blessing.
yes saw it last evening and absolutely loved it. Truthful, bold, and definitely one of the best docs that "says it all"...
Exhausted and happy. Thanks #arlis2012, see you next year in Pasadena!
Kicking off the afternoon sessions with Nick Carr author of the Big Switch about #Cloud computing.
got you
can it be summer yet? i need to be in nashville...... like now.
“: I Don't Care Who Was Before Me Or After, As Long As I Know There's Nobody During Me, That's All That Matters”
...2/2.../contract year Haynesworth potential. I think Brockers SHOULD be the pick. Washburn could work wonders with him.
They too much!
thank you!! Happy Tuesday to you from sunny San Francisco!
Thanks, Looking forward to some nice dialogue!
You are welcome! I've seen better days but at least me and my girl are great! Happy day to you and yours!
Let's go Tar Heels!
in ten so I will be in the room
RT : Prayers go out to longtime friend John Hilsenteger, who is entering another round of chemo #kickitsassHilsy (Good thoughts)
All pet foods ARE NOT created equal...stay tuned to find out how to know what to look for-for your dog & cat!
I guess I'll see my mommy tonight 😭😭😭😭 I wish she wouldn't have left till now 😔
#waystomakemehappy on perpetual replay
you're running when y'all come to Woodward, why?
Dan Miller from O-Town turns 31 today. I thought he was cute. I wonder what he's doing today.
Soft white flakes starting / to fall, with grace, from the sky / layer on layer
TOMORROW NIGHT ONLY get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage & peppers, or eggplant & fennel pizza. PASSWORD: INFINITY *Dine in only.*
Happy Thanksgiving! What's your favorite Turkey Day dish? Glenn likes pumpkin pie.
See and its shit like that.. its just ugh.
Last minute nap. #naptime :)
Jason Frank asks about tradition of sympathy in relation to democracy in Whitman...
Sleep happens now. But tomorrow, , you get my fierce blogommentary on the experience.
Peaceful Journey Heavs...
i wish i could meet you again ;D Like at the radio station :)
Hello, LA. You're the same as I remember.
Damn its a lot of politics in politics.. Election year..
is in lovely Los Angeles...such a beautiful city! We are looking forward to what's in store for us here. New project updates coming soon!
yes Bae we really are
Yes - both the advocacy and media coalition. This is a topic all have reported/editorialized on for years tho.
wait. In Washington state? & adskljif! Right now i WISH it was 50-60 degrees!! it's so freakin' hot!!!
Well the Sabres lost 5-3, oh well, time to go party with Nicholas Picholas at Dragonfly Nightclub, LIVE TO AIR 10p-2a!
It's 1000000000 degrees in my room..can't handle this heat
all persian parents are like that i think ahhah
Goodmorning twitter lets make today a good day
If anyone wants to see how you should interview after being drafted into NFL, study interview.
we're developing a new kind of LMS - what things do you think would help make an LMS "feel" more like an educational program?
at san jose airport waiting for my flight. lookin like a HOT mess. oh well.
Big Eddy Imperial IPA tasting tonight!
thanks for the the o-dark-thirty shoutout!
8 swipes left WHO IS TRYING EAT FOR
you didnt talk to me poopyhead
work in a few hours. 3-945.
at least your not leaving forever!
except Lehigh isn't a bad school....
Santana looks beautiful in her dress <3
That dream was disappointing, it will be even worse if it becomes reality.
I do so many stupid things
Omg! I love 90's pop & hip hop!!!
It's always the darkest before the dawn
Tipsy... 2 shots and 2 drinks! Ready!
as long as you do it better than anyone else! Ya feeeeelmeh #$wag
it's prom, but after party at your place?! Lol and I know man, I miss you too.
excited for a #thirstyfeesh reunion party! Miss you pretty Tass! 🍸🐠🐟
Man we mos definitely gettin back in!
I like him im not gone tell him though ima play cool and see how it go
Will be playing music from Waking Dreams along with Loren Stillman and Jared Schonig
presents a radical shift "Change from being teachers of content to teachers of critical skills."
Mike vick just got signed by the eagles
when I was 8 my mom thought I was becoming a pyromaniac... my 9th birthday party was held at the fire station... it was fuck'n ill
some people are arguing so loud a few houses down i think they might just kill eachother...=/ c'mon now, let the rest of us enjoy this day!
Scott McG for gov. - nice guy, but certainly not a fresh, dynamic candidate. Ritter certainly did Scott no favor by dropping out.
why won't my iphone photos from my camera roll (taken on the iphone) sync/download to my computer? help!?!
wish I was a teenager.. I'd try that blog literacy out.
"We consider craft to be research" -Gutierrez Studios
Neighborhood wine bar with my husband :) cheese plate and wine flight...yes please!
- thx for being there and singing. I will find out for you and let you know. Did u pick up a copy of the app?
Happy festivus bitches
i already asked Michael out what do u think he is going to say?
Yankees -170 game 1 for a unit....
Mahomies Love Mama ((:
Who or what would YOU like to see featured on WiredIn? Let us know what you're WiredIn to!
I think if Zimmerman is let out on bail ppl are gonna go after him...
Happy Thursday! Check out the weather action today and wake up with the !
Yo, on some time capsule shit... Who was u goin at on BDP's Ruff Ruff? Word on the street it was Todd...
Lots of repeat customers.
Anybody wanna come over and watch MNF?
I want to go canoeing too!!!
People are not smart these days.
We're getting psyched for #CTIAw12 next week! Attending? Be sure to check out the booth: 2633! (cc: )
Ahh I just got MLB At-Bat! Home and away radio coverage of every game! I'm so in Heaven I'm a commercial. #Tribetime can't come soon enough!
#operationfindnextgf Can't be afraid to take risks. Also can't be a push over
Ha! Yes, I know we've been absentees recently, but we'll be better! I promise! (And you'll have fun and lots of wine.)
It can be frustrating for both the kid and parents; and for some frankly too much. I'll take it though. So far so good!
Why would that be different? For diversity and quantity, you're still better w/o "brainstorming".
My amp.
We got are middle fingers up cus we don't really give a fuck
In the end it doesnt even matter
i was serious...
LMAO I did not know Gaga kisses Marge in "Lisa Goes Gaga". This is gonna be a great episode.
If you have the day off and the timing is right for a haircut...I can help! call to schedule an appt 690.0252
It's going down in The Town- Occupy Oakland in full effect and police throwing smoke bombs.
Papi up, 2 runners on, no outs...another big spot. Beimel got Papi out 1st game, but can he do it again? 8-6 Rox top 7
If I wasnt sick and thousands of miles away I'd "knock" some sense into you Richard Cares now quit it
Listening to some #Jodeci "U and I" #classicr&b
FREE training to empower you with tools to integrate and utilize the 40-Developmental Assets in grant writing and program development.
Passed Rules of the Road exam yesterday. One more day of class and one more exam and I'm done!
s/o to my new follower
The first is to not tell everything you know
i guess its easy to disregard me
Woo! It doesn't get any better than a #NYR Game 7 in the Garden. Tweet us some of your pics! -CJ
Just when the heat thinks it has the best of us ... the POWER GOES OUT in the entire county. -_- This is not. Happening.
My news co-workers had Missouri also. One even has San Diego St! My cat's bracket still doing well. He tied for 1st two years ago.
Thank you!
Are the followers so paralyzed by fear..... they compromise their deepest convictions? Imagine educational leadership based on fear! False!
60 minutes of football.... what are we doing!?
got dat headache to it suks:/
This is definitely a college campus.
i really hate when i have to miss your Austreams!:(
You know how you smack a malfunctioning appliance & it's good again? Too bad we can't do that to people! :) LOL!
RT : BREAKING: Miami signs the 48th next best thing to Peyton Manning: David Garrard.
Miami Heat goes down! May not be the best team in the east.
You have a great best friend that supports you!!! Don't forget that when your in Miami making music <33
yea, I thought rems said you were coming over to pregame at our place?
is so sexy can't wait to see him perform tonight at
showin this town how to party
#WhyDoiAlways get hurt?
Coffee is my most important meal of the day
it's raining in San Diego. I think Noah and his Ark just headed north on the 5.
i love music dude :)
I can't sleep /:
MINDS: Forcing something to be an event or big deal can really excite students and get them to be creative
tumblr's down and i'm gonna die.
im in shock, smh.but Im ready to see some hoes be put on blast ! Lol.
At the studio working with new #tech and #photography equip.
OMG IM TORN!! CHRIS MANN WAS AWSUME AND JULIET SIMMS WAS OMFG AWSUME AND AH TONY LUCCA!!!! AHH WHO DO I VOTE 4????
I'm having one of those weeks where I feel like we're focusing on the wrong things.
why thank you!
When he leaves, I'm leaving. &&Hopefully thats within a couple of months. <3
“: Oh don't mind me I'm just sitting in the floor at Walmart watching The Lion King on the display TVs.”
searching for a Director Level Quality Assurance for two positions in California. #Dairy #Food #Manufacturing #Hiring #Jobs contact me fo…
On day 2 of the HCG Diet! Staying very strict to the orginal protocol so I can get the best results. Excited to lose weight, and mostly
lol shiiiiiid lemme have her & then I'll let you get a test drive, but after that she mine for good.
yo call me
is here today at the Artisans' Fare!
just rolled 4 sixes on my first shake and didn't get another in three more shakes.
Dear : I LOVE the new apps for & RSS. But, they don't seem to show up on the iPhone app? Please help... Thx!
I decided live tweeting from my haircut would be uninteresting, like the comedy of Tyler Perry.
I wnat everyone to LIKE SENSATION GURLZ wen they post their vedio online heard it gonna be kool RT if your gonna LIKE THEM
Just arrived at the #Oliver comm center for a meeting with the BCP and a number of steak holders in the Oliver comm.
Oct 22nd marks 4 years, more or less. Stay tuned for directions to the loft party.
Lots of meeting prep today.
FOLLOW ! HE WAS MY 60TH FOLLOWER :]
Congrats Rachel! Bobby, u better propose to that girl ;) MT Women's soccer earns trip 2 London #olympics. DM's Rachel Buehler
Great feeling to cut your inbox in half.
....I think the voice echoed in down the city streets. If you follow it it may reverberate back to you
what's tomorrow?
oh yes abdc in less then 20 min ohh yeah! :D
your hair is AMAZING!!(: <3
dmx is so sweet 4 naming his daughter after aaliyah
#20peoplethatilove #5 My mom, even though she drives me insane and I can't stand her half the time, I wouldn't be here if not for her.
"Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth." -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Was 30 years ago the onset of the condition? I suppose it could be iatrogenic (meds) but if it involved medial frontal lobe...
i'm following the next 50 selenators that follows hurry :)
What kind of money do monsters use? Weirdo (weird dough).
I HATE RUNNING
Delena^^^^^^^ I love tvd <3 I've always been a Delena fan yup that's was up ^^^
what be this positive you speak of?
Good morning, all. Hope you're enjoying this Mother's Day Sunday.
who is stoked for 's new album?! well, who isn't!!!! #totallyjazzed!
Check out youngsiic
I just landed back in Milwaukee and am looking forward to playing skyrim again quite a bit
I am having a great weekend and I feel amazing today :)
im going to seaside on saturday (:, it wont be the same without the flag on the garage. But excited to see the house after a year (:
If you only have 30 friends we apologize for your newsfeed, but today we are relentlessly spreading the word :) !
Yes! Our thoughts exactly :)
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 17
I think someone hit me in the face when I was sleeping cause damn, my face hurt like a bitch.
Gay vampires must have fucked up pillows
When did bars start switching between playing "kei$ha" and ??
Curly hair haircut
COACHELLA TOTALLY ROCKED!
Yo Mahomies, it's here.(: & I switch off weeks. We Also have a fanpage for Alex: (: follow<3
Mighty big puddles, my friends, mighty big puddles.
LMAO“ Shout Out to all the Niggas that got a Porno DVD on Pause at home while you at work!”
Tried to do my best in simplicity. Thanks and hugs, sweet girl.
you're welcome!
Treat Sunday like Monday and Saturday like Friday an see the results!
Ruined won best outstanding resident play and Virginia Woolf won best non-res production!
Yes! RT : #KeepItMoving “Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” —Will Rogers
So, the men in my family will cook for the Mothers. They're making homemade rolls, cooking fried corn, & grilling. My Gma is proud!
goodnight babies!!!!
Interesting monday peoplee
a/b to upload the mastered version of "Just A Sample" to youtube
Unfortunately the GOP are making the same kinds of attacks against him with his White House staff now. Same repeated garbage
I'll always be extremely proud of
If I sacrificed for Lent, I would give up chain restaurants
someone hml tho..im too bored
So who started this whole calln dirty hoes ratchet? Ppl will say nething to try n sound kewl. N most of dont even kno what a ratchet rele is
So how's everyone's only-used-once jars of IKEA lingonberry jam working out for them, pretty good right
What i like in my job is lying is part of my job description. I just love sales and marketing!
we'll be ok. Truth brings us closer. See you tonight?
My tweets are so embarrassing. Like who tweets about getting chased down by a mattress mascot? Me. screw it. Yolo.
Everyone here at Print1Media is so excited!!! We're launching our new local advertising for small businesses
It might be Mother's Day, but I still have to clean the cat box
text me now! lost your number cause i got a new phone
Ersan and Dunleavy are going off tonight. PLEASE re-sign ersan next year
16 candles = the crests teen angel = mark dinning when you wish upon a star = dion and the belmont2 please mr postman = the marvelettes
I wish we never lost to GT tech... That sucked in retrospect...
My new favorite health bar Gluten/Dairy/Cholesterol Free. Quick snack and they are so good!
Steven Spielberg likes #Starbucks coffee
In most cases, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
I could retweet all day long
I hate riding the bus in the afternoon. Little kids be hyper and on my nerves
I hate when the country singers perform and no one tweets :(
Directioners Love One Direction Moms Thank you for making these beautiful boys!
so true dude
we are on twitter so follow us
We believe that San Marcos is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
I want Cotto to win !
On my way to
Can you help tony? : Any Traktor Dj geniuses out there? I just got it and need a tutorial ... Help!
like a SnapBack or vans or something, oh well, I have more money now
live it to the maximum ya penis
Yep. Stealthy Christianization and privatization of our public schools. Nothing accidental about it.
Good Luck You Guys And :D!
When you're tired you can turn good morning into a one syllable word
please follow she is you biggest fan!33
Respect is neither an obligation nor an entitlement; politeness is both ~ J. Steven Jeffries
I LOVE YOU IT'S BEAUTIFUL STOP
After 18 years as Heschel West, the school named for Abraham Joshua Heschel will be called Ilan Ramon Day School beginning 9/2011
Yeah for Aries!
RON PAUL FOR PRESIDENT
Chocolate milk for the boy, new glarus raspberry tart for dad. Cheers & happy new year!
So now we can kill the notion that a wild card team will win the super bowl. Its all division winners now
Hahah. Happens to the best of us. It's funny! :D
No. I did not buy a $135K car today.
Feeling horrible
Just saw this tweet and realized it deserves at least 10 RT's. Can't wait to see it!
Does G*Power not run correctly on Lion?
stop telling me what to do. I help spread the word...ain't that enough?!?! Sheesh! You ask so, so much of me.
I had no idea either, apparently they announced it in Feb. Only found out because my friend posted a menu pic that said goodbye.
You know you're rich when you put 9 cameras around your house just to watch teenagers ding dong ditching you!
rumor has it you are speaking at Humana next month for our learning conference. Looking forward to it!
What about teams like UK who didn't win their conf. tournament, but have won 27 of last 28. That says hot to me.
New things I just baked up!! Available on my eBay sweetreflectionz :) mention u seen me on twitter for a free hello kitty surprise bag!
Omar called Sam a wigger last night for having the Chronic on his computer
Im officially re-joining the tweetfleet. Its good to be home:)
Going out for a run, quick shower, then watching #NBA playoff action for the night. The perfect Saturday night in my book :)
haha! Love it, thanks!
Does a "Craziest piece of fan mail" competition seem fun? The winner would get a prize :)
Solid. Also could have done: Ice Cream Seller Faces Rocky Road. I got a million of them.
thanks! I'm currently on a diet. Haven't touched the stuff in a while. Still keeping the flame lit though.
dang i barely ever get on here guess i need 2 more often huh?
Wondering if this train is one pint long....
I'm really hoping my new dentist is like the one from horrible bosses.
et al Thanks for the 'fractional scholarship' tweets!
Further Decline in California Foreclosure Activity |
For you, I lay them to rest.
awe a snooker. SO cute
Evan Turner man…smh
Dshurricane93 Kosar is awesome, one of my favorite qb's growing up!
Hooray! Can't wait!
At altons for lunch with dad
Hey who wants to start a puppy mill
I'm waiting for the sun to shine. :-)
Get yo shit cut and it won't be getting pulled
Why don't they just put one huge pair of 3-D glasses in front of the screen?
on our way to park this am, Lily & I waylaid by UPS man. Threw pkg in car, late to play date. got home: dual ARC from
Register now!!......don't miss out.
OH .. sorry .. this is awkss lmao
Ahh bro Danielle frm dis season #ToughLove u needed to send her to me she is
Toys & electronics are the big draw at walmart. Stilk have doorbusters incl $49 portable dvd player & HDTVs.
Between Lundquist and Holtby, this is gonna be like three hours of overtime. And that's awesome.
also love idea of "Mercs" after Toombs on Riddick
Thanks, brother. We can do that anytime.
Ha ha ha ha that's when they really pick up!!!
Did you see HW at one of the shows on the European tour with Delain? If so, be sure to tag yourself in one of the photos!
just finished mine. March was tough...but worth it. Good luck!
Finally getting my head shots done this week-end! Soon my days of craigslist auditions will be over!
Peacocks @ obrians 2 night yea!!! If your coming write me a message ;)
Dude!!! What's UP? How did you know? Perfect timing... Thank You!
In breckenridge,co enjoying the winter wonderland scenery! #sobeautiful:)
she was in tv.
Ah Darn it! I'm rolling solo tonight since Shawn is at Class! You should have totally been my date!
There are easily as many girls that wear t-shirts and sweats to class as there are girls that wear sundresses at that school.
ECHO ECHO ECHO ECHO
Reading and writing book reviews today
i feel the same way bruh, team lakers all day but i hate when they do that they, they always got you on the edge of your seat
I'm gonna get my beaver stuck in the zipper.
I just want to tell you that you have such beautiful hair.
- He can move, you mean he can "twist"?
hell yeah, that dude's mixes are a PROBLEM. i personally can't wait for it/them to drop. *elbow's LL in ribs*
What i need from you is UNDERSTANDING .
Re: cost - providers say "we need this information"
We hope everyone is having a marvelous day!
Support Sendik's! Roundy's empire challenged by fresh, fair, and more friendly service
Happy Hump Day! We have Happy Hour going on until 7p.m. tonight!
cant wait for 5pm!!
The new Architects (UK) album is giving me chills. If you like the heavier side of alternative hard rock, seek this band out.
wanna thank & the rest of the team for this incredible ride, win or lose tomorrow
So true! RT : Much of life is just showing up!
heck yeah! We should all like exchange our numbers so we can meet up there!!! IM SO EXCITED!!!
Hey pastry world is here for you if you need any advice on being a teen tweet at me got the swagist advice
It's a quest for fun...
Got myself some fancy new undershirts.
My stomach hurts! :(
im up getting everybody ready for school and work
How did NLM's pill box work? All goes back to community
Show tonight at Cheetahs in Hollywood. Exotic dancers+MP=Awesome time! Hope to see you!
Damn you have a a lot of followers! I bet you feel special. Haha!
Here in Ashland,MA... scattered clouds, 76F with dewpoint in the ever so comfy mid 50's. Another perfect ten!
Life is pretty good.. Chillin by the fire
14hrs n the studio recording. Amp blewup&started a fire.2cabs destroyed. Floyd rose all f'dup. Bottom line the EP is gona slay! ToTheFight!
Cat nip? :o Connor what kind of activities are you promoting?! ;)
goaltender David Leggio is not on list of Sabres non roster players. i know its not a big deal. just thought i would mention it.
hook me up brotha and im not gonna unfollow. Lol
nothinnn. do you have aim?
Kimchi goes with hummus, right? You're a lucky lady, Betsey.
Paulie's Pub in West Allis Tonight !
“: I didn't know there was so many Pacers fans” hahah
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. - Maya Angelou
Bitches Do The Most On Twitter...
tomorrow at noon.? u busy.?
you probably do. I'm everywhere
Does #library exist where you can #read quietly, w/o biz men doing deals, children running/screaming, #homeless peeing on #toilet seat, etc?
It's amazing that more companies don't embrace the work from home flex schedule model.
I wanna annoy all my friends maby I will get a stupid picture and tag everyone on facebook
One, patients being treated for AD are likely to have experienced one or more types of childhood abuse and neglect.
I got my Griffins in Paris, and they goin' gorillas.
Depends on if it's red or white. : D
As if I haven't played the piccolo solo from Stars & Stripes enough, I now hear it daily at work while the network covers Obama.
make me food anything but pizza
Hope you enjoyed The Christmas Note :-) Thanks for reading! Merry Christmas!
Oh yes, I'l be a part of BTR Season 3. Can't wait to see what Scott and the writers come up with!
One of the best parts of growing older? You can flirt all you like since you've become harmless.
awe :) take a nap =D
Why Live By The Laws & You Only Live Once ?
Already having the best #aam2012 and haven't even met anyone yet!
Hahaha. I will be sure to bring my easel. I forgot markers though!
Walked in on Letty cuddling with the battered paperback "Game of Thrones" I use to prop open the window. Sad!
Check your budget: Can you survive on $2 per day? Share your thoughts and feedback.
4. Shadow banking system, rather than banks themselves, collapse, bringing banks down with them. Chaos ensues.
"Don't wait for a prince to steal your heart, he may not give it back. Instead, wait for the man to whom God entrusted the key."
Without love, life wouldn't exist.
