...she drank 1 beer, them took Ambien, Authorities found her driving to Bible study in middle of night, in nightgown & mud mask.
off in 3 minutes bitches!!!
Yes :) I played for barber for 3 years, that's why I posted that :)
I wouldn't mind performing Judas while dressed as Lucifer with a dead goat over a boiling cauldron just to piss off religious entities.
"Great managers believe the people they manage will create a better future when given that chance." - #ALAconf closing speaker
Why is your sister Khloe so mean
Thanks to everyone for your support of the Grandad Turner project. Stay tuned!!
#BeforeIWasAMahomie there was no1 that inspired me NOW i have YOU
Thank you, Kristi and for the gallery on fundraiser w/ +
everyday I am a person that is hustling?
Rahm's budget approved: He needs to share his "secrets" with #Detroit. We are facing takeover.
The Seahawks made the dumbest move today, smh. SERIOUSLY?????
RT GOP-proposed Constitutional amendment would change the Preamble to "in order to form a more perfect Management"
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
They just standing around watching them boys shoot.
I'm off now biatch
We'll be joining THE ENDERS at Sonic Iguana studios this weekend where they'll be recording their 1st EP! RAWK!
Pretty certain my next car will be a Chevy Volt, if you see one parked out side your house with an extension cord it may be me ! ;)
Of course!!! I am so proud of all of you for getting this together! :D
FinancialBreeze is FinancialHott.........! Leaving ATL for Alaska (yeah, right!)
Hey(: i'm bored wish you could come over:/
Somebody save me! It's like an episode of the Three Stooges with the 3 Richards up here. Smh
bruh did u see that big girl tracy with
I know it's Oregon and rain is part of living here. But man, it's starting to get to me.
Finally it's nice outside. Mommy......Daddy.....Someone take me to the doggy park. GEEZ!
Awesome work! Congrats!
Vegas strip. Wow. Just wow.
10 tickets laid out, ready to go! "first number up... 46!". FUCK!
HELP ME GET TO 300 FOLLOWERS PLEASE HURRY!!:)
After visiting CFM in the morning, visit Artomobilia in the Arts & Design District. Great vintage cars.
Why are there such long lines at McDonald's when there is so much better food 50ft away?? Delicious!
Of course! I'm off at 5:30 too and was just going to go home until 7. Want to meet me at my place?
#HighShit lmHIGHao RT RT : Nobody stops smoking weed. They just take breaks
Relaxing after a busy day in Washington.
"Jam tomorrow, jam yesterday... but never EVER Jam today..." no, wait... Jam Today!! Oh heck yes!!
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Just listed a few extra boxes on grab em while you can!
I hope you're feeling better!
thank u 4 the follow and hello from California.
Orlando what's popping
Who takes longer to get ready.u or your guy? Lots of ladies are saying their guy. How is that possible with all the maintenance girls have?
Need a haircut my playoff beard is too epic
MT : Design for verbs, for specific interactions you want people to have -
Not been on:( -shayla
I imagine Obama is popular there?
Strong enough now to lift fingers, have notebook on the ready. After another nap...
getting caught up on tweets - where are we going for pancakes & long walks?!
#MyFavMichaelJacksonLyric See that girl she knows I'm watching she like the way I stare
Thanks for donating! We appreciate it.
LOL! Don't I wish! Er, except, we probably have more intermittent sunshine, I'd guess. :o)
at work... looking forward to watching Michigan State mash Iowa tonight.
has been advocating for recycled water options over costly desal for so long. Today perhaps there was some progress.
I see you! Thats so cool! You're in loads of videos! I still remember the one where that hot guy sat on your lap! Hahaha :))
Happy Anniversary!
I guess Eric Bledsoes transcript issue wasn't shady?
If that girl only knew...
AWESOME!! Congrats!
Is my dream of becoming a Girl Scout shot?
Who doesn't love tacos? is the place to be #wild&crazy
RT Beautiful, perspective-shifting post from : Are you struggling with your life online? Lean in. bit.ly/leanin
20 min away
We're heading out to tonight and tomorrow! Have a fantastic weekend from your friends at BlueGrace Logistics!
Women are like condoms.. they spend more time in your wallet than on your dick...
Team #NARIP is getting ready for tonight's music supervisor session with
M ii lovee green day (: Idk why but it cheers me up
good luck
that's nothin, wait til LeBron joins Kyrie and Anthony Davis in Cleveland.
“: Just woke up from a dream, that I got into a bad car accident😣”
I am pretty enchanted by the Google doodle today.
Happy Friday everyone! Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth! Join us!
tomorrow, i will cry.
I agree. There's no other reason to go to the NBA without finishing out college especially with his talent level.
yes! So much yes!
she needs your help!!
Hey Follow me ?
oh just kidding!
is Marie Callender's Cheese Stuffed Pasta #vegetarian friendly?
Talking to you late at night brings back a lot...
It's kind of sad uploading that very last American Studies document
Emotions will be the death of me ._.
time to fertilize!
Applying to '11. Last year was so great, I look forward to what's in store and hope to see some familiar faces this time around.
Thx for shining a light on these poor losers. Reveals the nature of a cockroach more than anything else.
ask yourself what makes you come alive. And then go and do that. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Flying over Colorado to refuel some B2 bombers. Just a normal Wednesday morning.
I went on a walk today, cus that's how I get my excersise, and I came home and ate hamburger helped and a snickers.
U crazy over a Nigga who don't give a Damn about u
good morning Sarah!! How are you today? (:
ah!!!! Somayeh! Lmfao u have no chill tonight huh?
thank you. i'm doing great. hope you and your fambam are doing fab. have a good night.
Demonstrate empathy.
I can't help but hear the Karate Kid song in my head when I see that.
wait the cars will become better with fuel down the road. Pray that gas stays the same. Gas here is $4.30 a gallon
Welcome to Twitter !
Why are you so sweet???(: <3 #TurnToYou I love you Justin(:
Dukes home I think
The weather is great but I have school work
#Molanlabe ... count down on.
"The most selfish thing you can do is stay in a relationship you’re not committed to." -Bridget Earl Pehrson
Don't call it spin class! Solid "recovery week" CompuTrainer session, keeping avg HR under Z1, still put out 185 watts.
yeah especially now that we're of age, lol shit is serious.
Enjoying Next to Normal with the family. Thanks to Cindy for the great seats!
This line is ridiculous :o haha
The cool smell of rain >
OK - the world's most popular word.
Part of that can be attributed to the fact that he's now a starter, but still, a drop in velocity that extreme is never a good thing.
I'm back from riding horses in the mountains! it was a great little vacation! Ill be accepting appointments for the next 4 weeks until I lea
do not tell me what to do with my life ..
I'm finally finished with that now let me pack my bags!
Thanks so much....you too !
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana yourself... or lose banana
thanks for following our twitter and listening to us!! Hope "Eyes Closed" helps u through the day :)
4 Ways Tennis' 'Big Three' Can Force Positive Change in the Sport - Bleacher Report
I see an Eric on gllleeeeee!!!!!!!
I love how that sounds like a marginal 70s funk band with a white Englishman for a vocalist.
get ready. I'm picking you up at 8. Lmao. All hot. (;
organizing, planning, and moving forward!
love it! Find it funny you sent this to me about 12. Hours after I had a cousins sub for the first time in like 3 months. ;)
I think bugs, stained pages and books with legs.
Good Morning.
He make me happy, I know where I'll be:)
Headache sore throat cough. it WILL go away.
LOL yes. Very important matters to tend to!
Yo , If I was fighting Floyd Mayweather I'd roll with an entourage of Brian Scalabrine, Gilbert Gottfried and William Hung .
when you find it let me know, interested in purchasing multiple blocks of time.
I'm sorry to hear that you were affected by the EC Outage. We do provide information as it comes available as we did tonight. ^CB
Im down too ride any wave that cumes my way . 100% real bytCh
what are you going to get for your tattoo???
No thank YOU. -BF
what comes to Dr. French's mind when it comes to pittsburgh public schools is that "pittsburgh public schools is working"
Wow, had a great day of naps on naps while everyone else played #CODMW3. Kids STILL in pjs. Whoops
Just scheduled my first private dance lesson. A better dancer (w/ extremely low self-esteem) comin' right up! Er...maybe not in that order
Either they're scared or embarrassed about their tendencies, maybe both!
MWW Designs has changed their fax number, new #: (312) 533-2245 // Our telephone number remains the same.. Proceed with your day ;)
Peytons on skype...I'm not gonna call him. He's probably busy lol.
#NF follow back
Oh snap... #thevoice is getting cheeky!
I hate football, stfu!
Those girls who play dumb because they think its cute.
While playing socom4 i realised that running like a loon and firing from the hip is far more deadly than controlled fire
Lol you started sellin out first!
It be like that sometimes lol
you can cal me
lol live it up!!!!
Whoop whoop! Saw my cousin get her award(:
thank you!!(:
I got called Bruno Mars for the 4th time tonight. Not catching a grenade for them but I def won't do anything today.
well done
some of the things people put up with because of beauty is ridiculous
When you start thinking that nerds would make good boyfriends.... XD
thought so! I wrote a short story about offbeat intramural sports at USC. Good to reconnect, John. Monty Taylor was roommate
Report Cards: Complete! C'mon, spring break!
I shall text you later today, we shall find a time to get together.
Everybody buy a Mountain Statesman on Monday!!!! Dads birthday picture will be in there!
you need to consider a modeling career, no joke!
In non-book related news, Marc Jacobs rumored to replace John Galliano at Dior, Phoebe Philo to take his place at L. Vuitton via
Omg less than 4HOURS here in Brazil for the #Boyfriendvideo. It could not be more excited. RT if you're excited!!PLS Follow me
Obviously, not "premiere" yesterday... "screening" with an intimate Q&A with the director and actors. Losing my mind..
For #cloud admins looking at your database logs from 1am, don't forget
<==== thoroughly enjoys stayin in my lane and flying under tha radar...
Not giving you an hour a second or another minute longer, I'm busy getting stronger!
How is everyone's Sunday fun day? I've just been catching up on laundry, cooking & reading.
Making myself a little something to eat because a bitch is hungry!
working on it! sorry! technology is killing us over here
That's great - you can show us around town and tell us where the best lemonade stands are. :)
Have a great weekend everyone. Support Live Music wherever you're hanging this weekend!
im a dog. i have no clue how to put one up. is the one who taught me how to use twitter(:
Tar balls are washing up as our water's are being closed...what is your biggest concern regarding the oil spill destruction in our area?
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: be specific about which part of your site needs fixing.
I really wanna know more about ariana's dad. :] like why don't they see each other that much often? I'm so curious! help me?
Haha i know!!
[We live. We learn. We grow] People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them. -Tony Robbins
I hear you on that !! and she has her work cut out killed it :D RT :
you have a tour today?!
A double by Andruw Jones gives New York a 5-2 lead over the rays
its only tuesday..? the weekend needs to come now !
Now you the feeling of being left out.
Only a week (or so) until our User's Conference in Santa Fe!! 120 attendee's this year - we're so excited!
How come people with fever blisters always initiate the conversation?
#DudeinaFedora accepts on #Oscars ... I hear Eddie Murphy laughing in the background
NEVER trust anyone! They will take your heart, soul and money and leave you with NADA!!
I need some energy.
I didn't think that was possible, but it's true!
I have to recant an earlier position. I saw a woman in a pair of dressy capris that were both polished & professional
A big topic & I meant only gentle poke. Many get caught up in fight at expense of goals, no arg. Good q abt party loyalty. [+]
Next trip Miami June,7 b day weekend bash
neither. Doing some creative writing.
oh god no!
Ha! Yep. Happened to me last week too. “: Had a Milli Vanilli moment on the air today. Thanks bunches VoxPro!!!
Good Morning Fed Hill! Have anything left in the tank? Its Sunday Bloody Sunday! Stop thru and make your own Bloody and enjoy brunch w/ us!
Hey, nice name Stewart...
US troops have remains dumped in a landfill, #Navy cares not to tell families.
Is anyone else having problems accessing Facebook Insights reports? I've tried 2 different accounts & 2 different browsers (Chrome & IE).
& bw3! RT : at bdubs , ran into :) ..now about to enjoy wings with my bday babe
Where they watching the LA Okc game tho
you're high and trippin hahahaha
shit got real once I found them almonds
We are planning for an awesome summer on the compound with the ladies of Remnant and our friends in Gulu!
ahh cant wait till the Grammys gonna be fangirling to the max!!! XD #BRunoMARS for the WIN
headed to philly to see a show at rosenfeld gallery and dinner with the family at fork. happy b-day grandpa & uncle tom!
Really looking for #stoke to score here. Good pressure and build up the last few minutes
“: "The talent on this show is better than ANY ON TV!" - #idol” but the judges aren't as good as #TheVoice!
during the buildup of enforcement laws in the 70's the term continued to appear. Those same laws are now disenfranchising them
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
#SusanPage are you sober? RMoney has defined himself the 1st time he ran for office. He's everything and nothing.
I'm sorry but this made me lol I just picture it only in NYC.
I hope Lahair lahits the ball
When I get a cashing shift it makes me appreciate helping hands so much more.
Seeing these deadbeat people makes me never want to drink / smoke #straightedge dude
UGH WHY IS IT RAINING SO HARD THO
Most of my fruit & veggies are now frozen to #preservefreshness! Time to #replenish #raw food: #Kale, Carrots, Spinach, #Celery & #Flaxseed!
James King: use your SLA involvement as your sandbox for new collaborative ideas or tools!
Seeing is believing, but the feeling is the truth. -Thomas Fuller
Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
Looks like we are all Clear here in Southern Kentucky No major Damage just Wind and some Trees down and Minor things TY LORD ♥
Its not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life, it is how you handle what happens to you.
I think I might return to Facebook tomorrow.
Make that the last day of the first sabbath year. Pesky ordinals, as bob says.
there is never sleep on tour :(
Gym, training, lunch, game and dinner with the fam at Not relaxing Sunday but #SundayFunday for the kids!
Merry Christmas to you too man
We are energized. We are powerful. We are ready to learn and share our knowledge with others, both in 2012 elections & year-round.
You can always tell when some people are pissed. They always have that pissy face on them.
You're instiscriptionalized.
2 p.m. and our patio is open and waiting! Glass of rose, white wine, Lakefront beers, happy hour specials, whatever you want. We've got it.
hahah! I thought of this question this morning and now I can't find the answer anywhere! Driving me crazy!,
slow. I had an uneventful coffee date. The online dating is weird but I'll keep trying. What's your new gig?
I love to do sports
#MyPastRelationships made me a better man and taught me how to truly care for sum one also prepared me for true love who ever she might be
Tomorrow is going to be my last day off in a long time. I need to relax and enjoy it.
I know it was no double defense, but with his speed?
Heat would be NBA champs had and not deferred to in the 4th qtrs.
I've been getting a lot of requests for a Specialized Monaco. Weird that they never sold them in the US.
I'm pretty sure I wrote a few weeks ago about the last shoot for the film being done. Silly me...
hahahaha I heard the bus engines start and I got so scared and I was running in flip flops hahaha
St. Patty's Day Pop Quiz: An "Irish Coffee" is made of what?
completely missed the supermoon last night but just got to LA for the SUN
have fun without me!
Live Music @ Main presents: Brothers Kuter on May 12th at 2:30 p.m.
Lea and I both get distracted from our homework...and what do we end up looking at? Baby names online.. ayyyyyy. Lol
Obviously I'm not interested. Leave me alone, you creep.
Today men are terrified of their aggression as if it could make them a rapist.
Keep up tips! “: #PPC campaigns can help you identify key phrases that convert better before starting your SEO campaign. #SEOTIPS”
gotta starve myself and workout like fuck if I'm gonna fit in that medium vest for Thursday night, lol.
what in Sam Hell is that?
Looking for a Sr. Producer with big site experience, send us your info
wow, so they finally moved it to October
it was built. People say it's haunted... And it's on the way home! Gonna check it out!!
My ears are still rining.
I just rock climbed! And I was horrible! Let's do it again!
We will try to get out there as soon as we can thanks for looking that up for me:)
Thanks for all the RTs
we could meet halfway! :)
There's a thin line between "I should tweet about that" and "I should talk to a therapist about that."
Were looking forward to tearin it up at Joe's witchy'all this Saturday!!!
14 days till my birthday <3
Happy Father's Day to all the Colonials!!! Great job out on the field yesterday, I will post pics soon!! ~Jen
can't do it :( going to Sweetlife today.
congrats....now you can not afford to get sick like the rest of us
Today's late lunch is chx noodle soup and grilled cheese. Love this chilly weather.
ima check it out
Patuxent naval Base..They are the Gants whats ur people last name.. u no in the country they go by last names..lol
We're heading to kristen's bday bash @ howl @ the moon, so we'll be downtown. What are u doing?
Haha :) Or don't plant a tree...that's cool too
Good Morning & What's Good Ppl!!
ditto RT : Gah! It's so hot! I want winter! Haha
Keep your head up! you went hard today if it wasnt for you we wouldnt have been in that game
RT - New Orleans Saints (Me) Vs New England Patriots..Score 21-7 Saints...Setting..All-Madden..
What do tons amounts of hairspray, hot dancers & big egos have in common? All came from the 80's! Excited Rock of Ages is coming to town.
#stm2012 PDFs are awful because preset text & image sizes, no dynamic elements, cumbersome to separate out figures from text
Was at a gala honoring Latino artists at #SelfHelpGraphics&Art tonight. Great party, wonderful art and artists. Thank you
AH #UNBROKEN is coming out in 10 days! It's going to be EPIC!! Can't wait!!!:D
Enjoying baklava delivered straight from Jordan. As I always say, if you can't get out to see the world, invite the world to your home.
Top that, New England and Denver!
Bender: "this program is unique in the world"
I'm totally getting ready for school
Last tweet should have said on site, not sure. We apologize for the lack of intelligence. And we blame beer...
We've got some used equipment to share with you. Email with your shopping list!
Publishing books is a lot like wildcatting - you do your best work every day and you have no idea which one will hit, but one will.
man when I move back to LA we have to watch some games together, I'm a Raider fan and an As fan! Who's your bball team?
thanks Heather Cheers!
I don't do boonies.
just chillout. Kevin gates - brains blown out . Look hard simba all the answers are there
Quad Graphics always hiring bro I got an interview monday!!
#top10Lies Yeah, you're cool...
Trying some new pictures here for 2012.
NAP has flirted with 1300 followers for over a week now. NAP hates that noise. NAP would like more followers.
Making New Video For Youtube
DAMN DAMN DAMN!!!
Are you thinking Downs can keep the job?
I think I'll cry in tears if Alfredo followed me, he'llknow when the time is right, nothing is impossible
For Ridley: Was the other 'planet' CGI or set pieces or...b/c it looks fantastic!!
big things popping at MIA then! Haha, love the word "Ratchid." Have a good break bro!
Breakfast burrito hour? What?! Now there is a breakfast burrito happy hour? Thank you for fulfilling all my burrito dreams! xo
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!10
Yes! Wish he could have stayed to finish that saga. 1st appearance of adamantium that ish.
Go badgers!!! Great victory ...
GRAB YOUR TICKETS TO TEXAS IN JULY TOMORROW BEFORE IT SELLS OUT! www.collaterallive.com
"that hustler just raped me, he raped me good!"
Waiting for Luai at exchange 28. John ready to roll with an ankle injury. It's a short one, 2.9 miles, he'll make it.
People who still believe the Trickle Down economic theory works prob feed themselves through their anus.
Im filling one of my walls with posters. Like all covered
Heading up to New Paltz with my roomie, his gf and her friend. Expect instagrams.
Olivia is single.. Awhhh yeah!(: done wit deez stupid boyzzz
Gay male classifications: Top – Refuses to be penetrated. Only consents to be the penetrator. Bottom – Opposite of "top." Versatile – Both.
Look out, world- there's another Bond out there! RT : Beckett William Bond (It takes a village, y'all.)
Thanks for the RT. And list add. Does it get any better than super important awesome? Not without more adjectives!
“: "I'm like not that hungry" hahaha #shitgirlssay” do you want to go halfsies?
how do you like it?:)
hows that throat
wrong answer my nigga cameron knows what school I go to. tell her I not u.
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try
Lol, give me 4-6 weeks so that it can ship
on my shop in a bit ^.^
I swear, has more sources than the CIA.
What an amazing spring day in #PEI love it!
I can't say enough how salty I am that this Battleship movie is adding an alien gimmick to one of my all time favorite board games...
I wasn't. I was born in Poophole Maine. ;<
Popcorn does sound good. I think i even have some movie theatre pop-secret
yeah. they set up literally at the bottom of the hill into the south oval.
yeah bro God is good! I love being out in the community lavishing Gods love on people!
no, just now catching my breath from this morning.
its a chill sunday
Thanks for the follow, Tony! And how awesome is it that you're working on PLAN9? Pretty effin' awesome.
mega64 podcast 169 has been nothing but awkward and uncomfortable to listen to.
Figuring out a new phone...
W.brooklineelectric.com for same day power restoration services by a San Francisco electrician
Thanks to everyone for coming out to this past weekend's MTTS lecture with Prof. Elzinga. Podcast coming soon!
What's good new follower?
any questions since we are an hour deep into the show!!
you're seriously getting a tattoo ?
Used the Citra Paste ink cleaner today and it works great. Recommend it to everyone.
cause you're mean! :c
think i got insominia
Great Times tonight! Fun show at Taphouse followed by the deep hang at Aladdin's. Hadn't been there since we played with
no problem :)
2nd day home and my moms already pissing me off.
#occupyburque isn't camped at the moment, tho ppl do protest at Yale Park at various times. Mtg tomorrow same time/place.
Thanks for connecting and the mention! (Boy, way behind on my response!) Enjoying your Twitter updates!
Coming up with Marketing Ideas!
im so soar right now from exercising my legs they feel bruised
so enjoyed the #istefeud! You All were fabulous!
That should have been P&B, not P&G.
time is money so I went & bought a rolexxxx
this is so embarrassing....
But in all seriousness hope all our friends who are out there have a badass time. We'll hold down the fort here.
I want a raw platter. right now and vodka.
you dont ask someone if you can rape them. HAHAHAHA
I'd like to share a revelation that I've had while watching ABDC: Justin Bieber is this generation's Pat Boone.
#ICanHonestlySay I can't wait for Football season to start. RT if you agree.
I LOVE Mary J There's no voice like hers,she's amazing!
She makes her own money so that make us equal!
break a leg!!
I found him. He claims he doesn't remember.
Forgot, eh? U must get interviewed a lot. Q&A were great/smart, no surprise; just wish they'd asked abt your latest work on O.
thank you for following! What's your connection with food allergy, may I ask?
Collisions in agencies create greater ideas. Work next to/with each other.
ya tu sabe hun-ty even tho we don't spend much time together hopfully that all changes once ur home!
I want to put this on a t-shirt: Show me the monad!
I'm getting in the shower now so if you get here while im in the shower, you know, do whatever :P
Looking forward to Floyd-Cotto, and Floyd-Merchant too - ESPN (blog)
S/O to the avi of iThink this is the longest I've seen the same pic there. Cheers to you mi amor
Is our site still down for you? We didn't know about this. We are not having any issues on our end.
Heck I wish that Justin would go to Hawaii while I was there. Man that would be something.
My fourth week
Cnt wait to see you with IaMmE Again.. your one of My Biggest Inspirations!! =)
Hey does anybody know of good work on the Vertreten/Darstellen discussion in #Spivak's "Can the subaltern speak?"?
were u in a lower socioeconomic background area?
Oh look, it's 4.20am!
“If you're going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.”—Marie Osmond
Math sucks
Any museums out there using I could talk to?
On my way to the ER yes because of me! ~Maddie
TRY JUDGING ME ON MY MUSIC TASTE BITCH I DARE YOU
you are the man!
Hello sir!! GREAT hearing from you stranger! How are you! “: hope all is well”
RT : Kind of fun to read opinions on big $$$ divorces: "each was enormously successful in their respective careers and lived a...
Panera Bread?! Yum!! Only 4 more days till I head back East. Can't wait!!
Tom Boasberg at NSVF: preliminary fall enrollment figures show a net choice into FNE Denver schools after massive turnaround.
what do you think airport security will do about these new nonmetallic explosives? Scary stuff
Thanks darling daughter! Love you too!
nice haircut! I got a slot! For that barber
Thank You for all of the birthday wishes
& Winners know when to Pivot if shit get ugly. I saw The Source when just a list in the wreckastow in Boston. Couldn't Pivot
Tomorrows gonna suck...
Get with it, or get lost.
Feel better!
Any recommendations for places in Florence?
Im sorry. But, I dont believe you.
I love my bae ♥
Filming for Hub :)
when we gettin drunk
Almost done with the first real agenda item of the meeting.
Yeah, I just think August is too soon after NAFSA to be considering sessions...but that's just me.
fuck wit me tonight
I hurt my foot so badly, and we have a dance showcase next weekend, shweet
Another Google Play email, another sale on Jay-Z, Kanye, Rihanna and Coldplay.
15 more minutes of overtime. (Not sure my heart can take this!)
Just found you on Twitter. Favorite.player.ever!
what is the significance of the # tag? People appear to use it randomly.
It's still very early.
watching #Sneakers before work. Really good hacking film. Can't go wrong with Robert Redford, Sidney Poitier, Dan Aykroyd, and River Pheonix
“: . Not to start a rivalry or anything ... but go #Tigers!”
I LIKE TO KEEP PEACE NOT MAKE WAR
wonderful tweeps to follow!
Truly saddened by the loss of Etta James. I'm a blues girl through and through, and found her voice inspirational. <3 RIP
I was about to get up from this bench because I'm freezing to death. When suddenly a lady sits next to me, now if I get up it will look mean
I love you for all that you are, all that you have been, and all that you're yet to be.
Felt like gift-giving so I bought my mom some jammies for a belated X-mas gift. Hope she likes them, but in case always have a gift receipt.
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Wish I knew off the top, I can absoluetly get it to you after an email or two.
Good ass burger! RT : Lunch time w/
Q2 I made podcasts in libschool, but honestly, there aren't library related podcasts I listen to.
Visit my site, www.thetotalpetspa.com or follow me on facebook to get more information on when and where the product will be sold.
Won our first game. Waitng to play in the championship next
Don't care how hot a girl is, if she has a disgusting pet rat she needs to go.
RT : Music is the weapon. has its own page.
#Oomf has a girlfriend :'(
Just saw American Reunion and Titanic <3
Fresno was as good a place as any to grow up in the 70s/80s, except for one thing: STAR TREK was only on once a week, Saturdays at 9am.
I'm passing roanake call me
I overheard a conversation that they were supposed to launch the site here, but they had to push the date back.
We can experience being physically tired, emotionally tired, or mentally tired...combined we tire spiritually and put ourself in danger!
argues Collins amendment to restrict #BoilerMACT will result in 8100 premature deaths & 400k lost work days
ANYONE---- whos nicole andersons boyfriend?! im so out of it :/
I would really like to know why both Microsoft and Oracle have not made much deeper inroads into healthcare.
What's the secret ?
Way to go to my staff....we handled over 432 guest tonight!!!! I'm proud of you. We are proud of you! mmmuahhh!
What is the best video game ever?
YES ": Every minute you waste judging someone is a minute you could have used loving someone."
it feels like somethins heatin up can I leave wit you???
No wasn't mad. I just live by the philosophy of "when Im done, Im done"
"body storming" looks like it was invented by RPGers - just sayin'
muahz beautiful woman with the beautiful voice..
": And I'm keeping you in my prayers. Stay strong brother."< Thank u so much :-) . I need all the prayers I can get
2/2 Arch Moore won #WV Governor because his plane crashed right before the election. Sympathy likely put him over the top.
Second week of 2012 almost done. Anyone else still writing 2010 on their checks?
no pictures?!
where are you from?
"Tri Delts you look so fine." - Luke Bryan. What up.
so true! Great share
He's mad :( What did I do?
Walking on campus in my umiami swag right now rock chalk?
#oomf needs to tell me how they feel... Or text me... Or something.
I can't get mad at what God has planned already, but I can change that way I go about doing it
lol that's funny
PopWatch Planner: Behind-the-scenes at &#39;DWTS,&#39; new &#39;Dark Tower&#39; out, and the Boss plays Jazz Fest
who wants to fund a Delicious Planet in Phoenix? I would love to sink my teeth into that project!
bout to qo bak to sleep after i walk my brother to the bustop
no Q the sixers are VERY fortunate for bulls injuries, tho the sixers now could be a sleeper for Eastern Finals vs Miami
You've got to have the heart and soul to go with it
Fluffy pillows are used for hugging. But neck pillows should be small but ergonomic so that your neck would have better support.
RT : Thanks for your hard work during #LiNC. I feel like I had to be over there in the Marina room! See you next year!
": you're terrible at twitter." Jesse eisenberg look-a-likes don't scare me
Out the door to buy a b-day present for a little one's party, then off to a brunch with friends!
Watching the vow for the first time :')
Two commercial callbacks tomorrow! Nice way to get the week rolling.
Conversation in India PT1 Man: You do not want to walk down that road at night, sir. Fisting is very popular on that road. Me: I'm sorry?
This hour went fast! that sucks!
Didn't you have a band or something? O-O
My teacher wants me to bring a lamp..... Who the fuuuu is going to bring a lamp to school!?!?!?!
Thank You!!
#soundtracking 2 The English Beat right now! Tell London Hi 4 me. xx
the city of CLE shot the ball really well this year. RT Irving says that award isn't for him as much as it is the city of CLE.
omg that was you!? I had no idea.. You look so different. I'm sorry 😔 did you apply?
I told her to go to bed 247526493483 times so don't blame me ;) ♥
Sushi! Who's ur daddy?
. Take some hot toddies!
Rapaport prize winner says that best mba skill was learning which case you had to read and which you could just bullshit.
Tweet me if you live in Ohio !!
If you're in #SF,order by noon tomorrow&we'll guarantee you'll have your SF > LA t-shirt with you by Xmas Eve. www.WeBeGreater.com
Any chance there will be a sacred craft Santa Cruz 2012?
“: Great Lakes happy hour tonight 5-7pm with Rally Drum Red, Doppelrock, and Holy Moses on draft! ”
It's only Tuesday -.-w
stop twitting on my twitter.
Wheaties may be the breakfast of champions but Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch is definitely the champion of breakfasts.
how could I forget !? :p
ah how freaking cute!!
you piss me off
I need a job so i can buy games ugh
Had a little slip up with #imdb today. A rough cut was released to the public a bit too early.
I hate when my Twitter starts acting up!! >_<
CRAZY news and traffic day. Gotta love Portland.
julina goes home today YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!! the celebration is short lived back 2 work
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Us, breakfast. Chicken moms, unspeakable offspring armageddon.
RT : Interesting... “: "Though the sheep may fear the shepherd, it is the wolf they respect."” :-)
I had to pick up my daughter..where is he starting?
Awkwardly watching Sister wives with my family
Hi there! Thanks for the RT :)
Light show at Epcot tonight :) 🎆🎇
i can't believe this and i don't wanna believe this.
moving too fast, eh? So what's for lunch then? Something healthy...
Im on facebook see this bitch picture im like I HATE THAT BITCH LMAO
A little Breaking Dawn action before bed sounds just about right
I love running out of food because it makes my pantry look clean.
My WD hard drive just crashed. Everything in Pro Tools is gone....
therefore cannot partake in the Flat #2! Or the peanut butter cheesecake with chocolate sauce! :-/
Landlord of the boy's new apartment refuses to do something about a roach problem he didn't disclose. My mama bear instincts are enraged!
My EVO already suck
I only saw after reading posts by Mr. Hockey -- Didn't seem to affect Rads during series, we now have to wonder
Free screenings tonight: What to Expect When You're Expecting at AMC Northpark and Crooked Arrows at Studio Movie Grill Dallas.
Thanks, gents! I have to give credit to for the prompt that sparked the story, though.
While you were sleeping... I was up getting a Bar.
I see u been gettin it in.
And now Cory Booker on equal protection under the law, 2nd class citizenry. Basic rights should not go out to popular vote.
Well I haven't tweeted in a minute...We lost our City Finals looking to next year. be ye blessed.
get out while you still can! Lumpsteritis is a very aggressive ailment..
Yea cannot be missing Celebrity Apprentice and how about Ivanka's shoe line, gorgeous right?
A much as I hat to admit it, Yankees fans do the wave also
Danna Pools Inc is now on facebook!!! :)
Going to lunch in The 'Couv today. Should be fun.
I cant give u mine I'm sorry my mom will kill me
Gave into some Bacon today was to hard to resist
ya boy d dolla is on twitter finally. watz gud
you got me. But next year...
During interviews: be prepared to not only ANSWER questions, but ASK them as well.
Appreciate if fam, eye see u!
haha that's not a problem. Tomato Tom-ato!
love u peanut.
If Kardashian can't be happy, how dare we measly 99%-ers try to be?
Now yall see that we NEED Bosh
i feel bad for everyone that is on a youth team and has a standing full...they cant use it..): so dumb.
Is anyone looking for a Natural way to gain good health and learn how to become a wellness coach and entertain a residual income!
Breaking news: totally just tripped completely sober! Thank the Lord no one saw it:)
I heard delta sandwiches her employees so hard that delicatessens want to fine her! #thatshitcray cc
The eyes have it! 75% of you like to play up your pretty peepers more than any other facial feature. Shop online www.marykay.com/jhallinan
#WhenISee Speed Limit 55 on a country road, I see "no speed limit"
Worst dream everr >>>>
one time when i was making easter eggs i had two sets of twins in the same carton!
Dear North Carolina, fuck you
No rules...... n e thing goes lol
If you swallow poprocks right away you can hear it in your brain
Bang! bang! Bang!!! (pops voice)
off to catch up on some Tivo.
just tryin to maintain my g-i see u do music too
Hot. You make my teeth sweat.
I ain't as good as I'm gonna get, but I'm better than I used to be.
Anyway that gets you put on worldstarhiphop
nice. RT : I passed that mark the first day I got a smart phone.
Want to know more? Consult the Comment FAQ and legal terms
Perhaps if we presented an alternative submission/supplement for those who opt out of scores, maybe.
lotta noise thrown at Tebow man...have you seen Gabbert! It's sad stuff bro!
Yes. I happen to be rather fond of boobies of the avian persuasion.
,i love you
I ain`t no joke...
just hanging out and being awake.
I admire your brain. You tweet, retweet and respond. You are a genius. I mean that. I gave birth 2 1.Peace
#deleteyourtwitterif You liike the :) Im sure alot of people don't
Dominican till I die Mom made platanos everyday
Thx! RT needs to open an Arcadia location. the line would be around the block every day...and i would be in it!
anything for miss kayleigh! Gmail me.
Fixing to die of boredom!
I don't even know where it's at. Or when!
you need to join us
In 2 days, the next best thing to hit the musical stage opens in Downtown Los Angeles!!! www.2ndclasscabaret.com DON'T MISS IT!
OH MY GOD
Great presentation today on #11tips - as usual you provide great info, great energy, great interaction!
send me one I'll kill it send it back do u can knock ur fans out wit some dope shit ya dig!!! I'm a beat eater!!!
Greatest statement of the day higher education has a lot of parallels to law and order both are dark and gritty
Great turnout at for #UConnFootball & #UConnBasketball! Good luck to in the Elite 8 tomorrow!
Maybe this is a stupid question, but emmy award winning? that's real?
4the enemy comes but to kill, steal, & destroy! It feels gud but u dying man! Choose Christ I did
Gimme head til u brain dead
Awesome! Thank you, I think PSU has a lot more variety in programming and we rarely hear about your events at PNCA.
Davinci Virtual Office Solutions was selected for the 2011 Houston Award in the Secretarial Services by the US Commerce Association!
You realize how much you loved that person and how much you knew that person and you think to yourself it's all a dream.....
anybody plan for a good dinner meal ?
0-0 wow...tight defense on both teams.
#NOW Following
The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you're finished.
yes. Yesterday in my womans history class this girl made out aggressively with her girlfriend
Us too!!! RT : Love, love, love e-mails from blog readers! :)
I think it's weird that Brick and Champ appear to only have one leg each. I hope that's a plot point!
RT if you are ages 15-24 and then follow for 150+ NEW FOLLOWERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Really works!
Back in the day you could go to Egypt and bring back mummified hands and feet.
So I getta pick out one lipstick from Lime Crime, what color shoul I pick?
And just think, not too long from now, we'll be in Dijon together!
Although it began life as Hengler's circus, for most of its life The London Palladium became known as the world"s greatest variety theatre .
Trust is the mother of deceit
“: Devin Ebanks must of heard you were having try outs for the All-Idiot team tonight.”. He just won 6th man
Agree has nice creative features. But PowerPoint is better for business: consistency, sequence, branding.
if I get kicked out of IB u can't
RT : $$$ over equality, unfortunately. <- Agree that's reality. How do we change it?
Your video is AMAZING! I loved it! <3
The next moment goes as it comes. We're pregnant with the future and past. We need only give birth in the constant present between terms.
I am about to cry just got vampire diaries season 2 on dvd n i took it out of the case n my one disk cracked...
still trying to find my xbox 360 game cases and missing games supper was great work was awesome & live is a amazing gift #CARPEDIEM #LOVEIT!
Heh, this makes me smile MT ": Christian Science is filling the reflecting pool!"
you have our admiration and respect but at what point in the 80 miles does the run become fun? ;)
While I'd love to get to a Brewers game sometime before I die, at this point I think I"d settle for seeing one on TV.
I was like Joe Walsh, I was the analog man!
yea. Imma do it in a lil bit when I'm by myself cuz I told my Mommy I didn't have hw.
First day rehearsing the new song, its gonna be awesome!!!!!
Rahon hits the 3 and the #Aztecs pull within one of the Rams. The #Aztecs trail 8-9 with 13:45 left in the half.
Hey Browns/49ers, y u no release inactives?
There are times when you need someone, and I will be by your side.
Dream: meet and discuss with him the finer points of X-Men and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Part of a status update from my personal Facebook..."It's safer..so I'll stay married to my music..it won't let me down or break my heart."
Of course, and thank you for tapping into his vast knowledge! We appreciate his hard work in and out of D3 cc:
Follow me on twitter you know!!!!!!!!
how are you going to tease us with that Costello cover, Annie?
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear i have moved on
My stalker is , angry librarian & failed community actress.She talks about ethics, but stalks & harasses. beware
#BelieveItOrNot People are very gullible.
- It was a great session. I will definitely be inviting you back!
ugh sigh
The risk of dementia rises sharply with age, about 25-30% of people above 85 have some degree of cognitive decline.
Join Socialtique on 4/27 at UWM School of Nursing for their next fundraising event! Proceeds benefit the Malawi Project. cc:
sometimes I feel killing myself because thats how much I HATE MY LIFE!!💔
How is spending his 75th birthday today: 'Working,' he said.
What does everyone think of the new Gmail?
Just crossed 5 lanes on I80 to get to our exit RIGHT THERE! I'll be ok if that never happens again.
Had the very same thought today - it's time to re-watch. “: Walk the line. One of my favorite movies of all time.”
Stay hydrated!
Great times, but great to be home. RT Ah back in boston. Rip
The weekend got me hella tired but well worth it me and my cuzzo/friend went hard
Why isn't life more like Multiplicty.. I need a few clones to do all the stuff I dislike..
Felon convicted in explosive arson case
Thanks for the mentions. I'm looking forward to your presentations at #NESHCO2012 too!
People tryna say CHECK & don't kno wat it mean ,so said we gotta find sumn new lml
welcome :D
With Ashley and Keviiiinnn.
thanks for the follow Laura!
you'd be better off just paying a site to host your images & doing the page yourself. Try godaddy, cheap domain and hosting.
Hi Erin! Thx for the follow - nice to meet you.
Look on the bright side, he'll obliterate the record for sacks taken
hey! I remember when you first made your twitter and we talked all the time :) How are you?
Fans get your FREE tix for media center fan gallery tomorrow thru friday at NFL Shop near Near NFL Experience!
how do you find time to clean your paws with all of the Tweeting that you do?
interesting guess tho! I do believe its on the Greatest Hits… Apparently.
I have only got one re tweet but hey at least I got one yup ;)
Hosting a National Championship party tonight at my apartment. Wish it was the Gators playing, but I will cheer hard for the SEC!
dan i was saying it to both you and laura lmfao
Best day of the year. First day of the spring training games. WOO!!!
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE BREAKING DAWN!!! :D
gotta find a new hobby...
Pouring out some of my 40 for my fallen homie.
Lord give me the patience right now not to beat up a Walmart worker.....
The comeback of the automobile industry must possess lessons for other professions, corporations? Reading "Overhaul" by S. Rattner.
When a year5 asks me and to "kiss his ass" what is this generation..
couldn't find whistles, but I got us funky teeth, sunglasses and bubbles!
Has any article about Biden ever described a time when his bluntness or gaffes actually, tangibly hurt him or a cause he supported?
My new office set up makes me feel like I work at CTU
Quote of the week!"We are defined by the stories we tell ourselves. The question is, does your story empower you or cause you to fall...
getting ready for a busy night at Hillel! come to tacos and Torah from 5-6 and improv from 6:30 to 8.
I barely realized how much the Frost Bank tower looks like an owl. Weird.
“: Whenever I meet somebody that speaks highly of Nickelback, I know immediately that we will never be friends.”
Would love to work with you. My email address is . Drop me a note and we'll make it happen. And thanks for thinking o ...
Your age is only an obstacle if you let it be an obstacle.
it's the light lol
I want too go back too bed, like now.
I think one arm is preventing her from falling over.
Girl to guy ratio at Hershey Friendly's 20 to 1. I.m still going.back to the hotel with Mary Jane. Leaving lots of empty ice cream bowls
yes sir, H-town
Scheduling IYL before trip if I get recs. If you have any for Daughter of Smoke and Bone or Perks of Being a Wallflower, please send my way!
good bec I'm putting billie in there to(:
Thanks for tonight everyone! This is getting better as we go along. We seek now designers to work on interface wireframes.
Once the playoffs started, every girl started acting like they watched basketball O_o<<<<
Been watching jury selection for Casey Anthony Trial
Follow back?
sad!! What about the Poshmark party next week - I was thinking of going there too - would love to see you!!
What channel is the debate on?
So excited for this weekend! Going down to OSU, sissy's birthday, and playing softball on Sunday :)
Mom is so #excited, she already asked me to make a playlist of kids christian music for Marietta on the plane ride home from China.
I don't give a fuck, keep giving me 10 hour shifts the money is worth it
goodnight everyone xo
Yo my twitter is
how does it feel to get dangled in 2k?
We're trading places. I'm leaving for Chicago on friday lol!
what do you think ? Question is are you ?
hope you guys are staying warm! we're taking cocoa breaks between packing orders for monday shipment. remember our cut offs are soon!
I miss youu...
I think my Pandora just won with Stevie B Spring Love #nowplaying on
Great! I've been in Chicago for 3 hours waiting for my delayed airplane which has now arrived. Yay!
This is focus- 3-0 count, bottom of the 9th and you are a pitcher throwing a perfect game. Humber is focused (I'll post this after the game)
- when website polling goes wrong: the 3% who said they were laughing at that story.
5:30 in room 3161 of the Student Activity Center, which is at 333 East Campus Mall.
I know I know I know I'm just saying LA"s not even sweatin them and we never had control against them that's all
oh. Yeahh I did
Finished an invigorating 45 min snowshoe hike tonight with my b-in-law Rich.
RT Hungry.. but i decided to go on DIET HAHAHA
& thanks for a great talk!
Yeah & i'm trying to leave by the end of the summer!
Long, fat blunts >
A Perfect Pantry at 21 E. Congress is a charming mix of new kitchenware and vintage household items.
Trent Johnson leaving LSU for TCU to start a new 5-yr clock of 'not getting fired.' Same as Christian leaving TCU for Ohio
Republicans a few weeks ago: "calling it a 'War on Women' makes light of war!" Now: "WAR ON MARRIAGE! WAR ON MARRIAGE! WAR ON MARRIAGE!"
she is so cute with the fans
it's definitely up there haha
the most inspirational movie ever! Also the best(:
Great job with your first dance tonight SD's!! Can't wait to see the next!
Hey, it's kinda nice out today.
Hunkered down for a solid weekend of editing client video! Totally jacked in feels awesome.
we do to
Lovely, brand new humidor is seasoned and running at 72%. Time to add the prensados.
yo phone suck ..!
Such a nice day outside!!
Or Guy Clark's "Boats to Build"
Can't wait until October!!!(:
It was certainly a day! Animal house <3
Dirk always looks like one of his skis just flew off his foot as he was sailing down the mountain.
lol.. Whaddup homey! I don't be on twitter as much anymore,sorta got a tad dull.. Lol
I do. Im a strong advocate for equal rights of tiny titty bitches
sufficiently ROCKED the house!!
Hugo = this week's Adele
WTF?! He should never have gotten through 3 of our players!
dude your bro is in Memphis?
That's awesome! Congrats.
i lock the world out , and God has the only copy of the key
I could live in a bookstore or library and be content.
Fittingly,UK Spartan Philadelphian"Simon Thunder the Savior of Rock -n- Roll"has returned.Perhaps,visionary acceptance&affection will follow
Once again, if I were in DC. I will have a spotted cow for you at Miller Park this weekend. Lucroy bobble on Sunday
Well, the dude from #kony2012 had a rough night tonight didn't he?
im embarrassed watching this game.
Just aced my fin463 midterm, never been to class, studied for 1 day, schools so easy good grades don't even make me happy
Hey new friend! Have you ever been to ?!
A #Scorpio s matches are Aries taureses', Leo's & sagutarius'
I think the answer is COUNTRY MUSIC!
Having struggles in your life is a sign that you are transforming your world
Bitch ass niggas got ass and breasts
Blessed by the best!
Well we knew it was coming but man, I'm gonna miss these guys so much. #BBN #WeareUK At least we're reloaded for next year.
that is a hell of a climb, she's doing!
The next dog I own will be named Delmar, regardless of gender. Mark my tweet.
omg i saw a story about this in a magazine the other day it was on cnn and the guy was making fun of them lhf hahaha
hey thanks for the follow! i am guessing you know my brother?
#13thingsilove 5. pulling pranks on people kind of a prankster ;)
RT : I won 3rd place w/ where I have 5 FREE days of access to their site. didn't even know about
I find Peyton to be such an amazing rapper because unlike others he is original. His lyrics actually have a meaning to them
Loved it! Good times
Send as many as you want! The sooner the better : ) Also feel free to tell friends about I am trying to get the word out!
I wish some people, would actually think. & let Austin have this for once! I mean i support Justin too! But deserves it!
YES, such a step in the right direction! We're excited to see what happens :)
Good Am world wake up & smell the coffee, every day you wake should be a day of success... Keep negative folks out your game room
"The land of healing lies within, radiant with the happiness that is blindy sought in a thousand outer directions. - Swami Vivekananda
falling asleep to the sound of rain #peaceful ☔😌
right dude he is fuck hot as hell
Thank you! Well....the gym I got to is pretty lousy. But it's something. And good for you too! :)
sure makes a girl feel pretty on the first day of school. Can't wait for our rendezvous with
No it displays the same. I was suggesting that you will want that unchecked. Also see my reply on my blog.
i want to go sky diving
Heading to the crib
my dad says those trucks are so dirty - A and Rob didn't care / the kids want what the kids want! Haha
9th way to save on gas is join Giant Shell program/make use of all extra points promotions that make sense 4U. Saved lots!
haha they must have been my brother and sister in laws dogs ha
did you go to the game today?
good morning
hm, you are still speaking jibberish to me :) 100 yrs is a long time, bro. best we get this sorted out in person.
Rick Siskey - Your kids don't want your money they want your time.
damn I see how it is. Everyone goes to Costa Rica this summer and just leaves me in Norfolk
Yancey Strickland on why of fact that only ideas that have value are ideas that will make other people money.
nice seats go power
Can not say that as an entirety but for the most part know's what it would be truly costing ProSand. Yes for short.
aw ight den
YOUR MY BESTFRIEND FOR EVER!
Off to shadow before I get hired 🌸
Yes, after reading your blog, I, now, understand. A heartwarming story. Thanks to your for saving a warm heart.
CAN I HUG YOU THEN!?
Uh... Are you serious that you would go?!
Finishing up work on next cover. Find a copy Wednesday.
More of what we saw yesterday. Cano hurting the #Mariners. RBI double there. #Yankees extend the lead 6-1.
Blackburn singing in the dead of night!
RT : Junior Parent College Info Night 6:30 tonight. Cnslrs will provide interactive program for parents of collegebound students
they are really cool guys too, what other bands do you listen to?
“: It's crazy how: Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday.”
School sucks!!!!!
dear world I love check em out!
ew... mrs pratt!!! her voice is annoying
Six more weeks till the semester is over.
WHATS THE F FOR?
Creating a drag and drop interface with & while listening to & = perfect morning
I'm dreading the day my youngest child realizes that my kisses have no magical healing properties!
Wish I spoke Chinese.
thanks Julia! You're the best :)
me to! Yay!
There were so many events last week Thursday that I feel tonite is relatively quiet. Agree/disagree?
you probs should just stay off twitter, everyone's talking about her :)
Pop quiz for adub fans: who is Tom Norris? First person to answer correctly gets a shoutout! Go!
Having a very good #sportsbiz weekend in Denver. At Avs-Canucks game tonight. Golf tomorrow at Omni Interlocken.
Absolutely - our fans & friends are the ONLY reason we've had success. Merch production, recording, promoting, you name it..
When the lights go out just put a cookie in your mouth
wassup my chocolate bunny. Lol what's going on Rekena
"#OneThingIDontLike Niall & Latinas" ...that's how I read the trending topics.
Good fight!
"Thug Angel" lol
Have to get ready to shoot an audition for a Lottery TV spot.
amen to that !
My printer has its own email address and access to the internet, which I was fine with until I caught it looking at www.kinkyinkjets.com
Remembering how silly report cards were O=Oustanding, G=Good, S=Satisfactory, SomethingElseINeverGotOnMyReportCard= Need To Work On It
Thanks to for the presentation during our class today !
If you are a fan of the show Bones holy crud on the season finale wow didn't see that coming.
Billy Cundiff must be kicking himself right now. Oh, wait... he probably missed.
Kinkade&#39;s death prompts debate on definition of art
YES! It's cold. I need a new coat! Hint Hint - Cough Cough
I thought tractors use diesel
Our blog/business is just starting up, but there is a LOT to come. We're still looking for more creative minds! Ew, that was a serious tweet
what are we celebrating?
did you hit up rome
Are you ready for the moving season?
Cedeno...not the sharpest tool in the shed
how did the whole Smiths thing go?
You can always spring your gym body on Marina and Ulay.
re:BBP - BEP need to be snuffed out like trash on fire. Just makin sure you got my FB note from sun. No hurry.
Heyy im gonna be at the radio station next week with ricardo(:
No... he is still killing and abducting in other parts of Africa. LRA is smaller but it's still going on.
Do you think Jimbo would make that pickup?
I got some bad news earlier. I still haven't got over it
y did u break up with him??
When a bus in new york hits your bus it sucks dick !!! ~Devin.Anne<3
Making a couple technical improvements to our campus page right now, but will have updated results shortly! Sorry for the inconvenience!
Why is he attacking your friend like that?
It feels so Damn good outside!!
Renteria for who? EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW THE ANSWER!!!
Pain is something inside of you, trying to get your attention.
it's Okayy
basketball aint gon get me this car, this apt, or pay off my loans. Yal the hoopers
We're going to find "Bigfoot."
I'll be at Ramsey park tomorrow at 8am, and Brentwood Friday at 8pm. Would love to see you!
Glad to see my "friends" have so many jokes about my golf game. Just remember, I've NEVER played golf til two weeks ago! #you'llgetyours
You should probably inform them just in case.
I can only be myself and she's great! lol!
ATTENTION! We are out of Sriracha at the brewery! REPEAT: We are out of Sriracha at the brewery! Everyone please still come to work!
I am a statistical king. I own stats!
..now im debating on whether i should sleep on top of them or spend the next hour hanging & folding them.. grrrrrrrr
I want someone to care about. But not bad enough to lower my standards.
Holy hell. Sorting through resumes & cover letters at work. The poor grammar is supernaturally awful.
Never actually seen a full episode of Growing Pains, but I love that theme song so much, it's crazy! It needs to be on Netflix ASAP!
omg, I actually just laughed out loud (;
Are you at the show?
Mitch Daniels is somehow doing a preemptive impersonation of Darrell Hammond's future impersonation of him
RT : I am a responsible adult who thrives in the world.
And you get a baby! And you get a baby! EVERY-BODY GETS A BABY!
Prior to starting your landscaping, sketch out how you envision it
no nigga, sometimes! Cause sometimes I laugh at you, not with you xD jk of course you do baby girl (: haha
Counterintuitively, a major gift ask for too little may be more awkward than one for too much. Think ego!
party ur face man!!!
No it don't it suppose to be 80/20 lol
Its uploading! :D
Switching out weights for cardio, because the idea of lifting heavy things repeatedly still makes me want to curl up in the fetal position.
Getting out of class.early poppin
is so good. Saw him at Ultra in Miami for the first time. It was a beautiful experience.
Updating our transaction search service - transaction searches will be unavailable for about an hour while we complete this work.
i <3 my church! spent the evening with 30+ teens & other leaders helping feed & clothe the homeless.
Excited that my friends will be in DC to meet me next wknd
Post backward design, concept driven, student centered, transdisciplinary, reflective planning for learning speaks to me!
somehow, my body and soul are capable of dual counterparts. my body is in MKE. but where is my soul??!?!
I love u
's internet is up & running - no problems! Hope to see you soon!
I had a moment of weakness and ate a leftover bagel from this morning. Tried to make it the whole day. DAMN YOU, FREE BAGEL FRIDAY!
Worth the wait eh Wolfy? I'm loving this so much,lets go to Scotland babe!
I hate mrs huffs class
Girls these days: /!!
Henry Melton is making some plays tonight. Digging it.
RT : If Romney loses Ohio, CNN decision desk should call the election for Obama right then.
Swag super hot your swag not i be gettin money while these lame cats not haha
Am getting the hang of #CrossFit ... Still got my butt kicked
Well hello there!!! :)
on my way to Galaxy Zone gonna go Lazer Tagging :D
Trying to figure out what is on the menu for #SkinnyTuesday... Ready for the #WarAgainstFat to be over!!
setting up cron task makes me realize how impatient I am and how long a minute really is
You are Stronger than you seem, Braver than you believe, and Smarter than you think you are.
Great NY Times piece by on digital humanities -- looking at several NEH-funded spatial/GIS projects. nyti.ms/obQgaL
Hawaiian Islands are aprox. 6,470 sq. mi. FED,state,county own 39%,Corps & trusts own 20% ,which leaves 41% for all other private investors
i just saw it the other day. we didnt have anything to do with putting it together.
#YoMommaSoFat when she turns around, people give her a welcome back party!
the day I move out.
any updates on blackberry 10, new devices and new direction from new CEO?
You just made me crave waffles too.
In need of a mani & pedi
Listening to a lecture by David Wolfe. While the information is interesting and useful, he is giving me a very large headache.
well, they'll have to pass your approval of course :-)
that's crazy. How you feel? About to be in college. Which one are you going to?
Thank you!
Schoolbrary – disagree that District should spend $s, let alone Prop S $s to fund SD’s downtown library for a Charter School of 200 kids.
That's what you get for going during rainy season RT how amazing would this place look if it wasn't raining
Have to wonder now, Does Joel Ward even dress for Game 6? Halpern, Perreault perfectly capable replacements.
While your sittin on your as, theres people bettering themselves. where you at on the potem scale
congratulations on your promotion, your iPhone, AND your IRA!
so that means u love me yay
Just finished with class and got something to eat! All fueled up! Now more gym time!
I am completing 3 credits of my total 31 completed credits of my MBA tonight.
Congress is regulating volume levels in TV ads. But who watches TV? The ads on CNN.COM are #annoyinglyloud compared to the content.
Basketball 101: Want to reach your goals? Nothing is stopping you. Make it happen.
Thankful and blessed to have the support we have, and been getting. Much Love & Peace to all of you! If you need us just hollah!
Need my car back
haha will do :) have u even heard my music yet lol
well idk bc my birthday is june 14 and my mom said she ia gonna get me and iphone and so idk I REALLY WANT TO GO
I'm sorry dear :-(
Once the bandwagon starts, buy-in is so easy because of the ease of interaction and character limits.
Dinner @ #LaReve makes everything better.
Take a look at URBANAUDIO1, it can help with law school studying!
#AmITheOnlyOneThat hates when females put all their buisness on or then get mad when people tlk shit
Another great issue of put to bed. #happy thanksgiving
Nothing better than watching a bunch of half-conscious, hollister-wearing houstonians struggle to ice skate around a gigantic fake tree!
Headed back to the homeland for a week to take care of my mom after surgery--I feel like a real grown-up, taking care of my parents!
I am a disabled Veteran and Actor in NM. If you need help out this way, feel free to contact me. Thank You for what you do!
bye -Thomas
Luv It.....U damn rite am dancing to this #BOSS BITCH
Erked , with a capital E , lol
if i have ever used anyone on this twitter in the wrong way at any point in life just know that im sorry and there honestly is way to many
She can do so much better than you.
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...-_- lame
I was doin good, doin me last week .
well yeah this is America!!
Guys, do I have swag?
And now for some "vitamins."
why have i not had a gps system my entire life? i want to kiss the ppl who made this thing. hard.
Hi Holly, I'm a fan of yours on TV and stuff
On the way into town we saw a bald eagle standing over something in an empty field. Symbol? I'm not supposed to use birds in poems anymore.
Teddy's gay,Adrianna's life is falling apart, Silver and Naomi are kidnapped,And the only thing I can think of is,"M Liam in boxers!! :3".
FOLLOWERS! Make sure you're following my other OMG twitter: AND my personal twitter: ! That'd be awesome! RT!<3
RT Producer just got 4th email pitching"segments on footcare,more specifically,bunions<<<they are a major problem, not surprised
Blue Moon Soup & Tattered Roots tonight at ! Come get down!
Flights delayed in Nashville is not so bad. Good music from a sweet couple
please follow back. (:
Food billboards in spanish still look tasty but now more confusing
Looking for #ThingsToDo in #Clearwater? TONIGHT at C'NERGY is performing LIVE from 8-12am!
Another good day today. Mind is clear for action, lets play chess.
Reading on the front lawn. What a perfect afternoon
The Future Is Coming, No Matter What! Why Not Quit Your Boring Existence And Live In The Phenomenal Purpose You Were Created For?
I'm about to hit the gym, meet up with yall afterwards :)
Totally watching the At the Drive In performance live at Coachella. Thanks YouTube
Between the kitchen and the rain gutters ... the caskets. Genius!
My fiancé: you're the only bride in history who wants to spend more $ on trees than your wedding dress.
Can't wait to ride with ya tomorrow! I missed ya! xo
miss you too pal! Definitely need to cause I miss Madalyn too!
Sorry for the lack of updates, big things happening soon. Stay tuned.
yeah there ain't many more straws to grasp for....
Mayan Culture Holds Secrets for Today (Part I)
Jennie is talking about the agenda. More then 30 people here and 5 on soups
like vampires, or....
We all deserve the best guy for us. I believe I've found mine. He can admit he isn't the best but is going to try his hardest for me.
#PeopleILoveTheMost Gay women
Shooting the concept portion of the video for "Torches" tonight! Pretty stoked!
2.8 earthquake today. It must have been shallow because it got my attention.
Thanks again for the amazing write-up.
- Yea Thursday should work.
I hate moving. But that's what I've been doing and will be doing for the next week or so. I really don't like it.
LOL. I thought it might be. Please get it. I really love it. I'm not being ironic.
R.I.P. Mike Wallace
going off to class ugh lord help me
RT - Anybody who gets drafted to the Cavs are probably thinking,"Hell naah, this team sucks." ROFL. Poor Cleveland, ...
should be asleep by now.
I hate your commercials about missed opportunities. it makes me want to cry
: where we had to reright are conversation
That's great!
Rip Whitney Houston
That's what kind of man I am. You're just a woman with a small brain. With a brain a third the size of ours. It's science.
Function In That Thing That Charges Your Dunamis! That's Your Kingdom Position!
thanks! Hope you enjoyed it
You need a ham radio RT : Crazy meteor broke up in the upper atmosphere over Reno.
oh no no no no no u wont no part of this franchise that's for sure. lol id rather "play" with you instead lmao xD
that's right.. I still prank doctors offices,taco bell and an occasional convenient store! Miss u guys
come play at Brunetti at 6 dude!
Interesting... Two dates, one friend and a few hook ups. This online thing ain't bad however I hope he comes back from LA soon :)
THIS IS HOW I GET GROUNDED FROM TWITTER.
Interfor&#39;s Q1 Results Down on Lower Sales Revenue and Higher Log Costs
Been away for a bit sidetracked by life for a bit. Website almost ready! Stay tuned!
There's a memory inside my head; It feels like a part of me is dead, I should save you, but I wanna watch you drown...
I was sad it did that=( I miss you too=(
Everything is now on the accountant's desk, so everything but the signatures (and check...) are left to worry about.
WTF? Did you get hit in the head by a tennis racket? For the love of fat bassets Phats say it ain't so.
...dangerously AWESOME. i better see you one time.
FUCK YEAH RT : SbB has learned Bill Walton will serve as a Pac-12 college basketball game broadcast analyst for ESPN
It isn't the truth. It's your g-d opinion. More people can learn to code than you want to admit.
how's shopping going?!
your tweeting a lot today
There is no question about it, I'll be going to bed when I'm done.
For something different on day 3 #LTNY, stop by the TyMetrix booth 120, and ask us how we can help you assess AFA suitability
what does that mean
enraging! I can't tell you how many times I've been at a bar with the big glowing Honey Brown sign and they didn't have any.
I have no idea how this convo started or what it is about? Lol
#WIUMBB Final media TO of the game, Western trails 76-53 with 2:23 remaining.
what's the sub-head?
we all gonna have to die some time
I diss like when bord'em kicks in at times
You use to live alone?!?
would love to chat about your 3 target users. please DM.
May is Teen Self-Esteem Month
Cold as fuck. unless indy changes its mind over night lol.
#ChulaVista City council meeting underway; already talking about the financing plan for the Bayfront Master Plan (only action item tonight).
thank you for the shout out, Janice! Hope your Monday's been marvelous. :-)
Excited to pick up at PDX this morning! Looking forward to the things we will be doing together!!!
Just became best friends with a raccoon
Congrats!!! RT : Oh wow, did I just get a tenure track offer? Just when you think job market season is over...
RT : Its International Walk to School Day! We're live for the 2nd half of Wakeup at McKinley Elementary in Tosa
I might for Father's Day
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x9
lol...they need love but NOT from Moe -__- I'll discriminate if MY CHICK gains weight, be like "babe....I feel different" lol
I'm exhausted.
I can't believe no one has mentioned Turley. Only one around is
yeah nah it's good work good school I'm taking off this summer but it's good :) you?
My girlfriend is stupid -.-
#TheReasoniWillSucceed Im going for a degree and a dream
I got my lil wayne swagg on
Happy National Peanut Butter Day! What will you make to celebrate?
I literally just saw quite possibly the most hideous bloke alive! If only my camera had launched more quickly as words cannot describe! ;-(
If you are on an 11" MBA, that is the sole reason I got a 13"
I'M A BANANA, I'M A BANANA. Add this banana. (?)
