I want to throw up on today's face
When I walked into the showroom at Wilde, Robbie greeted my father and I with a nice smile and a handshake. I needed to find a new...
Love ya man!
Absolutely, when do you think he'll get the respect of everyone else?
Off early but I get my 8 anyway man im ballin out of control.
O has been up for hours and I am very jealous of DH who got to sleep in this morning. I want sleep!
Ugh I hate when that happens lol RT : I need a new avi but all my pics too big
Good morning, guess who's back!
I have a huge crush on this guy.. And it took me 4 full years of high school to realize it..
let me brainstorm...
Beautiful day. Heading to the InStyle Golden Globes beauty lounge.
"I have to tinkle"
Day 21 on the platform, feels more like a boat than a fixed platform. Pretty stormy today, rumors are we are supposed to get 2" of rain.
what up bro! shit was live at Envy wit 2Chainz that loud was tight too
Can I have a follow please
Hanging out in a blackout with Apparently 80 degree weather is too much to handle.
why the hell can't I sleep
Seattle here I come with Alyssa :D
Poor 4th Qrter #Champagne volumes lead Vranken-Pommery Monopole to report a decline in full-year sales for the 12 months to the end of 2011.
Chck the new video out! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
RT : Q5 What's your favorite slang running term, or acronym?
even if I bomb this final there is no way I cant pass this class since I have only missed 3 points this semester #yayyforbeingasmartypants:)
Can they really win without Bosh!?
dude good luck
I am stumped when I comes to setting up my website...again...so excuse it for the moment....
Happy Friday to all my friends and family, have a safe, blessed and fun weekend.
Happy Earth Day!
i'm just going to say it, based on your previous sexual encounters, i'm a fucking model.
the money??
That's how I started off with my first year of it
follow back please???
"Depression is the guardrail of the person with no road map"
We become aware of the void as we fill it. ~ Antonio Porchia, Voces, 1943, translated from Spanish by W.S. Merwin
Hi Jim, fun playng this w/end ended up spending nite at TurningStones: not a bed but a chair...left w chips. enjoyed the limit
Haha we should tag all of them(:
#youaintmyvalentinebecause You have a scorpio tattoo next to your thug life tattoo, thats next to your face, which is next to terrible.
Imani (discussing her best moment of the previous week): OH! And I'm making a mural... out of...yarn and...thumbtacks."
Good Night Tweet Hearts . Sleep tight xo
And that's all she wrote
I really hate #Dudes who trys to take another mans girl its like what you having trouble finding your own girl? You look desprant then cool
What will make you smile this weekend?
Did any of you participate in "take a child to work day" today ?
I have actually never dined in Vegas. I have heard good things about Robuchon.
For those who attended the CCIM webinar please take note that the report will appear in your property documents.
Back to work after an amazing two-week vacation to Hong Kong and the Philippines. Big day and lots to do!
. goodness and oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. We feel loved. It'll be a good day. How's your Thursday?
Congrats! RT : Woot! Got my "letter of completion" for the Audio and Slideshow Production course
That millisecond your sure your going to die when you lean back in your chair a little to far
No troll
We agree! “: Hear! Hear! RT : #ff to all #Blogtournyc sponsors & x”
on ice... Woo
Hugo said "I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one!!!"
U.S. stocks suffer steepest decline of 2012, extending losses to fifth session.
Big night for new music at the
cause I seen something about his babymomma now I'm seeing he dead that's fucked up smh that shit is crazy
just seen a cold ass pass in soccer
I choose to see the funny
20 more days...just 20 more days...
Hey greatest video sharing site on the Internet...why did u just block India from using your service? They make videos 2!
I'm not sure how I lived 16 years without screenshot
QoTD: "Who lies for you will lie against you." (Bosnian Proverb)
Ha! While avoiding lava & making the fort!
lol. evil to my wallet, yes they are.
@ class Man cant wait to start working & make a better future for me & my Family! I love my boys to death...
When Rdio unexpectedly plays a System of a Down song with the volume cranked up.
Really good luck then! There's nothing like the perfect place! My spare room has all my yarn.
Wow! Great questions fans! I see them all, thank U! We'll air the interview at 7:35 ET tomorrow morning on
Watching on Go Aztecs!!!
How come there were no brain surgeons in that #kobebryant commercial?
Thank you for the kind and flattering blog post!
Love is fragile, you have to know how to handle it in order for you to know it exist....hm!
I want to apeer on "Falling Sky", feel me? She seems cool and affible, so enjoy! -Stronodelarosa
big thanks to for hosting tonight's cool event and for all the great tips!
I mean "hit the wall today" not literally, emotionally...maybe should try punching wall, might "click" back from this constant fog...
Could make love to #SKIN such a hott song
-starts to tears up
After weeks of moving, painting, carpeting, and cleaning we are finally settling into our new offices!
Just got the news that Frank Payne, star of STARF*CKERS, passed away this afternoon. Heartbroken. You will be missed!
lol indeed im hanging out with the folks in occupy toronto.. :) fun bunch of folks
check ya email fam when you get a chance ..let me know wut you think..aight peace..splitzwizard
Yay! That makes us happy!
Busy day! I'm so thankful for everything, especially that I didn't feel the earthquake! =)
California here we come!
Intriguing.... A place I've never heard of that has gambling?!....
: To dos: Review your opt-out process and privacy policies, review how your co. collects and uses consumer info.
Overheard in the office this morning: "That's got some girth to it!"
Your Welcome & thanks for the love ready for ?!
Hello Twittiverse. Who is joining me tonight for #CMLbookchat?
We have them right where we want them!!
Today 1934: FBI raided Little Bohemia Lodge in Northern Wisconsin on a tip that John Dillinger was there, but Dillinger escaped.
I feel like that's a given.
so very tempted to follow 's idea of #uk/#us with #business/#bar: "feedback" #business / "you are family you are! (big hug)"
O & ofc score 1 for the media creating news as they wish it 2 be seen instead of reporting actual facts. Guess what? Sex sells, dickhead.
South Doyle boys >>>
Followed, could u give me a shoutout ? & hey did vote for JUSTIN ?
How areyour studies going?
So Cellar Selection went pretty well with the artichoke pesto on ak-maks ...
#growth11 you own & control a unique & difficult to enforce trademark. How do you balance being a "friendly" co. and being a brand bulldog?
innovative p2p sites like extralunchmoney are also a part of the project i'm working on, and just noticed you're active on those..
lol..U already know..
Thanks to old and new friends that came to the show! What an engaging audience and powerful performers! Thrilled for what comes next!
If u r going to pray, why worry. If you're going to worry, then why pray.
'lo. random new follower from seattle. big fan of the FAQ.
Today, visit the library from 1-2 to hear about Mendeley, a free citation and pdf manager. Training & Events Rm, 1st floor.
awesome! I've never heard Two Door Cinema Club though. Definitely worth checking out?
Now I can gloat #halaMADRID <3 #RONALDO yes good Saturday :)
With all of the modern technology in our house, I still cannot bring myself to use the "popcorn" button on the microwave...
Just watched a rest. owner ask an arriving customer to leave and never come back based on what he did last time. Dude, what did you do?!
Life has no remote, Get up and change it yourself.
Such a joy meeting & Lauren Miller @ LAX! Held back the urge to power-cuddle their adorable dog, too! I'm calling that a success.
Your final exam is in New Orleans in February.
Thanking God for all he done for me #blessednostress O:-)
To #print folks attendingthose #Drupa in Germany how's the show been?Any cool industry innovations or cool sightings?
Taking afternoon off work. Too damn cold to be out there
A-ok. How's your Monday?
in your words...GROSS.
I have no idea, but it's the elegant starkness of the ads, the subtle allure, kind of apathetic, muted dull hum of the art.
#highschoolmemories ...one large plastic jar full of pickles
Duty calls and I can't make the Hacking Edu happy hour on Thursday. Does anyone need a ticket?
It's a shame you all think this way about 'homeless' people. Hope it never happens to you....
Vinnie Pestano takes the mound for the Tribe in the top of the 8th. Tribe leads 2-1
I have a bad habit of pushing people away..
I love you !
Try on They have a lot of subjects there.
gearing up for this weekend! Come by and check our booth out! Its going to be insane!
I can't stand when girls chew their gum like cows. :-X
Partly cloudy overnight with temps dropping into the 20s. Mostly sunny and mild Monday. Rain & rain/snow mix look to move in Tuesday...
haha i always win. htank you.
Not ignoring at all. that's the pt. RT UR ignoring people get rewarded 4 dressing bizarrely & acting out by media.
That project bout killed me; finished right on time .
Just read your column on #arsenic and rice Thanks for the great coverage of an important, complicated issue.
Good Monday morning! Sheesh It's not even daylight & the temp is above 90.
No peace until Charlie Brown kicks Lucy's football.
Saw Red Tails this weekend...Good Movie, Actors did great. If u haven't seen it go see it
Your profile pic is stellar! Hmm...I'll check that one out. Looking for a card that works hard for us.
Nope. He's playing The Entry tonight.
i know ^-^ hahahah tweet tweet
It'd be nice to see you at Go
what's up big girl?
are you serious?! Shes so annoying! Where do you sit?
Woohoo, can see out my car windows again!
u will find more of it in college
An action task force should be formed in #ChulaVista to deal with the problem of unscrupulous people taking over vacant foreclosed homes.
hey thanks for following :) have you checked out our music? :)
lets go!!!
Sacia: This will be one of these votes that determines our moral compass. We are very poor stewards of getting our house in order.
Looks like I'm goin to bed early tonight:/
okay, tell ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS to watch& LIKE it. We really really really need to get this(:
Damn you sports Gods!!!...did you have to put the #NYR and #NYK on at the same time!?!?.....DAMN YOU!!!
nope, only today!
he's an artist in the show and made him self like hot pink and neon blue haha
Hate all you want, you can't break the girl who thinks nothing of you.
Previous Tweet was quoting Bernie Sanders. Thank you, Bernie.
Turned it on just in time for the final pitch. No hitter Jered Weaver.
miss you, too! You were witness to my early #controlfreak days when I spent weeks coding the site from scratch.
I feel 5x more productive today than I did yesterday :)
Gotta tlk to won.
It's gonna get real in house tomorow
The cobbler's children go without shoes, as they say.
She coming to drank and smoke some of this good dank an go back to my place you already know
Well now pretty much know everything bout me thanks to my parents. That was a hilarious family dinner
all the time! And Lainey, I would probably visit that website.
Good I'm Glade u made it safe.
RT : Calling all media interns, we're looking for fresh faces !! - Marketing/Design PAID Internship...
beautiful voice...waiting on that solo album..In Jesus name I pray amen!..I forgive ya!
yea that's true talk. But who that meant for??
cheer up ! No need to be sad , get glad !
Awesome RT : Four Serato people in this hotel room and not one of us can figure out how to work the iPod dock.
#25 Kentucky Elite vs. #1 Dunk Dog Elite first game of Georgia Stars Classic Saturday! Big time writers/exposure around!
Hi, Would you be willing to exchange links with us? let me know.
"Of course, you know, growing up in Michigan I've always been an enormous fan of the Pittsburg Steelers." Oh SNL.
it'll probably be just simple shooting on the gun.
Enoteca is a great place to have a glass of bubbly and watch the oscars!
Welcome aboard the tweeter train!
A photo-shoot.
#edchat Also, even if admin. were effective once, many fail To stay in touch with the classroom.
Everyone cusses these days...
#SocialMedia are those wedding vows you wish you said..." ~ Anonymous
because nobody is there ;)
Bout 2 have a bitch fit...not even me but...
hey Californians, follow You won't regret it! :D
Flat tummy ... I need that ;)
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also filiming a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Had a great time with my family today #neverforgetwhereyoucomefrom :)
nice shots Matt. Looking forward to that new album!
Love is not for me.
OMG 208 FOLLOWERS TNX SO MUCH PPL N MY AMAZING FOLLOWERS!!!!!
chicago code 3 im gone ft chas
NW Quilter's Show all this weekend at the Portland Expo Center.
you're probably right but I do love okc bigs vs lakers bigs especially if Bynum or gasol get in foul trouble
I had Milk Duds at an Xmad Party tonight! Opps. But they were good!
Deafula is such a good zine!
": sweet! That was lucky! Busses suck ... ugh"
Help me get to 500 followers by Christmas. Blast out to all your friends.
PET film shortage over? Calling all analysts ...
text me now.
Ever used "It's Complicated" for a Facebook status? Tweet me back why for a non-work related project I'm working on.
We are still negotiating with Shaggy 2 Dope and hope to have him on the side of the CTA buses before the next Dark Carnival.
i miss you dogg...
Need to learn more about #RDI #relationshipdevelopmentintervention? We can help. We have online education.
I love your avi. Cuteness. :)
Q. How are men like noodles? A. They're always in hot water, they lack taste, and they need dough.
Maud must have taken a vacation. Missing your style in my life.
"What did you learn about putting today?" Student replies "I am beast at it!"
watched the movie twice, only in our modern age could the #STOPKONY message spread take the time and make him famous
Hey Thanks!! I had a blast doing the Wendy Williams Show! - Thanks for the mention! The Storm xoxox
What about Chris Gaines?!
Can't wait to get back into the gym
Timing is everything, and everything happens for a reason! <3
I want in. ESPN is solid with me.
Headed back to work... REALLY don't wanna go to this staff meeting.
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Still can't connect Mac or iPad to wireless at #ITC12 so tweeting Josh Jarrett's keynote on phone
It's really hard to tell twins apart....
that's all you can say...
I like pictures because they never change... they even bring back the memories of people who have changed.
thinking of you girl!!!
Hate the cast line up for Dark Knight 2. ya'll get a thumbs down!! wasn't tryna see catwoman just yet, but maybe Johnny Depp as the Riddler
A sound with which I am very familiar . . .
Hey How about you call me and we can bump uglies. I will be the best you ever had. 414-429-3973
I can agree with that, though I think initially it will surge artificially.
Lovely story. So what are you working on?
Client just asked why "Table based layouts are bad" ... <face palm>
Sorry inner stillness. Need more coffee this morning.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don’t need.
You try to be nice till they make u pull out that thang and give them a better understanding. Hood hooligunz affiliates nigga getitright
jealous I want to go back
I wish she would hurry up so I could clock out
Memorial day sale 11 AM to 2 PM 30% off all regular priced items. Happy Memorial Day!
I'm going bummy to her metrotech graduation :c oh well.
Why did that have2happen?? Why? Im staying home for the rest of the day. Idc what anybody says.
he sucks bro
: lol how would they?
Describing my love for One Direction is like describing the taste of water. I love them so much, it's impossible. ♥
Big Hugs girls especially Eileen. I'm sending warm thoughts and prayers your way. xo
Really need to find apartment in Boston.
Senator Marco Rubio has endorsed Mitt Romney.
Always Be Closing!! ABC
haha no I wanted to know where my liver was located!! Shits important 😝
Spotted, by : man dressed as Snape.
Can a nigga see his friends for once? Yeah he can.
Uhp Early, Stomach hurtn like crazy
Just learned that hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is defined as "a fear of long words." Look it up!
Ha! One of my best friend's non-internet just finally called me back! Man, was he up late! LOL!!!
we are staying in the crappiest and most scary motel ever eeeekkk
Do You Really?
Great to see Jill Hurst-Wahl (and her book) at #CIL!
My 6 year old cousin is teaching me how air bending works.
Insert the 'the more you know' music.
HoeLies #25: I don't remember last night.
Thanks for coming!
love you guys but your short staffing really stresses your servers & guests. Wine glasses empty for awhile now
M too lazy to get up
Why Less is More: Less Paper in your Law Office saves the expense & time delay of getting docs from close storage. Less Paper = More Time
Pleasure! Already enjoying your tweets and looking forward to more. :)
#iLikePeopleWho surprise me in the best ways ever!! (:
My body feels like it's been hit by a semi
S/O TO>> FROM 2CEE OF TRACK HITTERZ..GOT BEATZ 4 YOU MY BOY!!
his name is bryzgalov in this game.
Reading "The Mysterious Benedict Society" by Trenton Lee Stewart this
Noticed that Lopez was on the TV on mute midway through a hulu show
Joe ... Joe is ... WOW!!! ...lmao, There's a difference between being honest and being insulting! I ... I can't .. lol
“: Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes  Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes  Real Niggas Hustle For Goals ”
no problem:')
Which means I can accomplish nothing
New york city for new years!!!!!! I'm so excited! :) woo
prolly should reconsider word to shorten. Attacks by flying black mammals conveys a lil different message than criminal injury
RIP Jim Marshall. A huge influence on the soundtrack of our lives.
with pleasure lol
#GhonimLA: "We tend to be braver behind the keyboard." --Wael Ghonim
Why did the boy jump up and down on the letter?He heard that you have to stamp letters or the post office won't send them.
My home studios looking too nice right now. wish i could stay here all day
and why aren't you?
lol eating late
- Barrel aged in your own whiskey barrel? Do tell!
i have hope now :D
Thanks for the RT. Hope you have a great week.
How does something so good end up so bad
: nothing much you? <3
Welcome to Greensboro!! Just got in town, bout to get setup at the hotel then go have dinner with my brother & the fam
How do designers make money when normal people can't afford their clothes, and the privileged receive them for free?
So, I have to say I cheated and had the Private Bin last week when it arrived! Saved a glass for tonight's
Im tryn to make the goosebumps on your inner thighs show
I appreciate you listing us under the category of "sports without bases," any feedback we get helps us do better, thanks again
did i tell u im movin to ohio
Rushing Waters Rainbow Trout from Palmyra WI for feature tonight. Think
Well the SONGS protesters didn't show. But the Arts Alive banner vote made banner backers happy. Story to be posted soon!
wow, small world. Neat. What'd you rent?
#fiction5 cannery row, sometimes a great notion, gatsby, all the pretty horses, lord of the rings
you were onto something........
i don't know what others are saying to you.... but i don't like it when people seek $/Gifts
Bless you! :)
For Robin, Now that you live here in my chest, anywhere we sit is a mountaintop.4-15-07
Watching that halftime interview with Leslie Visser, how cool is Tim Miles? Colorado State playing its pace in first half for sure.
i been tryna get on there but i cant til summer
because some people are just dumb. Think liberals.
I think Adam is overstating some things. The HG didn't 'inspire' me. I have never aspired to that kind of bad behavior...
oh your magic. ❤
SHIT. Did not know we had an exam today
yes, I think ima go thursday instead cause I have softball tuesdaay
ok then. This is surprising. Shocking actually. Nice for pico tho - show why / how he got here. Course he'll prolly get broken now.
can't wait to get to Utah!! 55 days and counting!!!
I need waffles and donuts stat.
aw thanks u too! & have fun cherish those prom moments! :)
Tool? I'm sure you've got that one already. Anyway they seem to be available!
yeah some of us have sensitive egos too. Its hard being a manly man sometimes. heh.
Let's go San Diego State Aztecs!
is growing up she's getting her first tattoo 
nice piece. Hope you get to cover the March 3rd event.
haha. It's almost too appropriate.
i miss you, when r u coming back to the Nap
dark chocolate is good for you say Doctors! ;)
please please choose me :-)
please please please check your DM like asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg!! My bed and this breeze feels So good!! There's room for 1 more!! Lol
Buried in work. I'll be back :)
When they know they're your heart, and you're their armor, and you will destroy anyone who tries to harm her.
#Denverpolice say one person in custody in incident next to #Regis University.
Please just tweet to me instead.
Hello little-little!
I heard that segment John and I want to give credit to Marc Burns, the guy I work with who talked to Sly last night...
now dats a beautiful cute sexy smile...
I miss you and :(
Agreed. I have to order & make available books by lots of people I don't agree with, but I too would defend it.
The soul that can speak with its eyes can also kiss with a gaze.
#BestSportsRivalry Brady vs his receivers hands.
I'm not eather ha
In a bar less than a mile from my place, with a carry on suitcase. Because of course ...
sadness omg
Good morning everyone
I can't do a gangster walk. I'm to.."my mom's a therapist".
Mitt Romney has probably never been in a dive bar.
Happy Friday!
So what did you think?
Nice job salvaging a decent finish tonight. You represented yourself well throughout the entire race.
What are you even talking about ? I'm confused , you think YOU'RE gona do something ?
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : April 10, 2012
trying to link home & wireless at&t accounts. their website really stinks. it is nothing even close to easy. i am becoming annoyed
why are you such a freaking lier I mean if you want more followers then just ask Instead saying you have haked his twitter!
Your predicition is whack and Ace like
I'll have the Murk salad. Also the prime BLVDGNG grilled medium rate
the Producers never received your music to play on the show!!
Oh okay(: Just send them in by April 18th (:
Just unsubscribed to the last of the 15 or so Vegas resort email marketing lists that I have been receiving since 2003
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! Who is the teacher you appreciated the most?
Third-party hardware and software products that work with Microsoft's new OS will get a sticker that says so.
Rondo bout to go tf off!
At Cafe Scientifique talk at SRI. Nuclear powers future?
Take a Chicago food tour to get to know your new city more - check out and
haha and it bothers me when Hollywood ending fans "love" Marianas trench like shut up you don't even know who they are hahaha
Thanks kindly!
hey what's up buddy
WHAT'S BEEN UP?
didnt you get the tweet telling you who i am
OMG!! I love Monty python!! Are you one of the knights that say nee? Lmao!
new FB layout. pro: timeline shows even more about you! con: still doesn't prevent you from lying about how awesome you aren't.
i have consistently good experiences with the DC DMV - particularly the G'town branch. This morning they were so speedy and friendly!
I don't know yet, probably come by tomorrow to see what they talking about since I didn't have time to today.
I'm running a happy hour tonight at Sarajevo Lounge for 200+ people that don't know each other yet. Join us! I'll be wearing bunny ears.
It's crazy how mfers act towards you. Always want something but when they don't get it note all of a sudden they dont fuck wit you. Petty!
Doing nothing today
you're just awesome. But yeah it's quite entertaining. Hope to see u soon bud nj @ PCA.
had a vision of myself during a journey last night working with herbs in nature.
Morning twitter
hanging out at IAH waiting for London flight.
Pro side. I have tomorrow off. Neg side a rich asshole called me an idiot, but then again he's an ass. So maybe it's a compliment?
Yo the jam session this week felt awesome! We wanna get @ it again maybe write some beats or somethin. Hit us up next time ur back
there's an idea.
There are deck guys for that. :-)
Got all B's!
You don't. I think that's capitulationist, but you have a right to your opinion.
thank you!
reading some posts to get going for the day and thinking about how much we love him at Fresh ID. Really, it's almost sinful :D
Wrong, your small, tough and cute!
International Love on the radio:)♥
About to go outside... after a half of day of sleeping... -_-
Nate has more of a social life than me. Haircut. Playdate w/ Logan. Majesty B-Day party. His Grandma's house.
it's like a juice cleanse for gutter palates.
Cool. Nice area. :-) ": cool. We are over on lake Michigan, by Benton Harbor!"
No offense to FSC, but the Timbers radio commentary is far superior with Robbie Earle and John Strong on 95.5 The Game.
try one of my songs/ into jazz?
Oh, and you have to join our Race For The Cure team ;)
Compared to the stories I read after last Year's 5 Borough Tour, this actually sounds like an improvement.
I couldn't BELIEVE it was happening... like watching a natural disaster or the world end in front of your eyes.
naw a house u kno my dad a real estate agent so we tryna work some shit out
Day 4 of #fullframe15 ... So many great int'l themed documentaries , so little time!
Get like me
Tavis Smiley- Respect the seal and the high office that President Barack H. Obama occupys.
I often get tired of having long hair and I haven't had a hair cut since August… So it looks like I'm shaving my head tomorrow...
HA! what's the topic?
do it!
Really lost for words
"Ladies and gentlemen, boys-" "WHAT. ONE DIRECTION IS HERE.?!"
He's got notoriously bad taste. Smh. Best programming on TV. I'm happy someone can else is on board.
RT thank you sister, love you! I know/: hey ! happy birthdaay sister . i love you ♥ :') ew.. ur old. ;p heheh.
studying fonts in the most boring shit ever
Sometimes God doesn't give you what you think you want, NOT because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve MORE!
Welcoming the UNCA board of directors to Chicago, Illinois on 12/1 for its last business meeting of 2010 - safe travels!
If my brother come in my room again to use the bathroom n its one in da hall im gne shot off!! Smh
Book your Christmas party today!!!!
YaYtks Happiness is free organic BOTOX lol YaY enjoy
thank you for being my 100th follower! :)
Me (or "mine") RT You. RT What is the oldest word?
Your actions should inspire, your actions should teach, your actions should motivate....That's a true leader
That's funny. You know its our study, right? We're the first to link neural ad response to the behavior. That was the point.
We're so excited that will be on Hollywood From Home on Jan 25th. Im watching A.N.T Farm right now in celebration!
i need a hair change. suggestions?
Sweet ride Greyson. I can see you in one of those one of these days.
You Know She Wrong For That!
StarsDieFeed: I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
Oh I looked and it's hilarious! Fortunately curiosity got the better of me.
Richard Vargas-- I've taken so many jobs I could not identify with b/c I'm a writer, not a UPS worker or a postal worker
What's your favorite Thread and Sugar beauty service? Tweet us your answers and tell us why you love them:)
first of all Zac is my best friend! and 2nd you broke up with me. if we were still together I wouldn't be flirting!
Thks. RT : "We are slow to realize that democracy is a life; and involves continual struggle." Robert "Fightin' Bob" La Follette
Just tweeted out an update.
Who are you thinking will bust 4th?
haha Eric's grandparents live up there! lol :D tiny little town!
Funny, that's what I was thinking. Where does the time go?!?!
God is love !
Thank you Congressman Blumenauer for adding your name to the HOPE for Alzheimer's Act!
a million things run through my mind, you aint gotta be in jail to be doin time #Np TIME GOES BY
thanks! We love the neighborhood too.
Stoked about my Aggies finally gathering some attention again. Whoop!!!!
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are. -Arnold H. Glasgow
Going to the Marlins game today :D
This ratchet girl had the nerve to ask me if she was ratchet.... I said yes, your ratchet af'. Had to tell her the truth.
:) RT : Proud to be named the first Sultan of Smack for 2011 on Great way to start the year!
yo ed can yu slide me some beat vans
thanks for the mention! Have a KickAss weekend!
Parents are the biggest cockblocks.
Sleepy drive home from work...😲
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also producing a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
#BOOM BIIT'CHESS
Matt Kemp v. Stephen Strasburg. This is what we get League Pass/MLB.tv for.
OMFG I LOVE YOU, fucking ahmen. I think I have the right to say what I feel don't I? And thanks <3
I look forward to my unit testing discussion meeting all week, and this week it's canceled! At least I have #sqlsat118 on Saturday
Watch The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor and Pittsburgh native Gene A. Pietragallo tomorrow morning on KDKA Pittsburgh Today Live
#west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west go #west even tho i am from the (east)...Hehe team #west!!!!
Guess Imma play my guitar for lack of better things to do....
Really hoping I'm not coming down w/everyone else's colds, but the space where my tonsils used to be tell me otherwise. Where's my zinc!
“: I think it's cool that you help to empower others!” thanks Joel!
Oooow "Get E'm High" <----- went in on the Kanye beat. #HeScores!
Good morning beautiful people!
RT : After much thought, I've decided to vote YES on the SAG/AFTRA merger. We are stronger together than we are apart....
Do you know what happens when you give a procrastinator a good idea? Nothing! - Donald Gardner
Are you in the show tonight? Please say yes.
TEAM INDIA.... SEHWAG DROPPED for next SERIES...
#SometimesIWonder what you see in me.
I love this show RT : HBO renews "Treme" for a third season. Are you watching this series?
I don't understand...
Hope everyone had a great holiday :) Looking forward to celebrating the season with a few of you at #MSG this week!
Need a set of ground rules that users don't have to think about. People can look this up, but not necessary
You can't be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesn't work that way. You're already hard to want.
We hit the 100 mark for "LIKES"! Woot Woot! Tell your friends.
Everything going smoothly. I used some of the old pen work mosaic patterns and a new pattern emerged.
You've taken such good care of your shoes, I don't think anyone could ever fill them. We appreciate it.
I mean, even I know you don't throw a low bounce pass to a big man...
What event are people doing today?
Thank you so much! We've got some fun plans on the roadmap.
Are people on them like they were the concords?
If the people in horror movies would listen to me, They'd still be alive right now
I have used peroxide & baking soda my whole life to keep my teeth white with NO problems. Very very safe and cost effective!
Hilarious. RT : If Cro is on Marshall, Revis better be on Mark Duper.
Almost 2am and is on the floor searching for zayns follwers determined for him to follower her?!
xmas colors are very bold! hah and yeah no problem! Everyone knows you're awesome already, I just wanna make you awesome-ER! haha
And mars and earth makes 4.
#NEU The Writing Center is hiring Peer Writing Consultants for spring. Great opportunity for those interested in writing, teaching
great music, drinks, n ppl
#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality ... SUCKS!!
EVERYBODY GO AND VOTE FOR IN THE NEXT BIG THING CONTEST AGAINST 1D!!!!! Austin all the way!! :):):):):):)
congrats omg #1 cop daughter!
and to you as well
Brrr! Chilly morning in the Mile High City <Denver> Time to bundle up, take the dog out & get the busy day started!
Cleaning, cleaning, cleaning ugh!!!
My homemade chili lunch > your sauerkraut.
ThanKs for picking up that question
You can be fat & fabulous beauty is with in & out...love yourself* dont mistreat yourself :)
thanks for the shout out! , we do hope you can come by!
There need to be more men in the world named Bunny.
#Thanks Happy Sunday 2U2
Its almost game time. #skybluefc and #magicjack. Let's go sky
It's too hot in the car, but it's too cold outside to roll down the window.
Surprise guest (or 2!) at tonight's fiction fest! See who at 8pm, Orpheum.
Do you realize that if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
FF some talented people to follow in
I must've spent an hour on the phone with him a few weeks back. We had never met prior. He is great.
bangin out another session at with a mixing class scheduled in the #writingroom with
Thank u
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Forgiveness releases your heart and mind from the stranglehold of anger, hurt, and other toxic emotions."
I think so, but the big cities are tough. Something tells me Chicago would turn out for this one.
pssst! "Divided USA" ;)
you know, lasse gjertsen is norwegian, just like me :D i love you
The 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival Artist Lineup - Now Feat. WALE!!!!
thanks for the follow, great picture,
hahahah do you remember me from before
Salutations and whatnot! Said the Cheshire cat: "We're all mad here."
That was a fun interview you did on
I wanna go for a walk
Had a good run and such a beautiful day hoping it will last!
Lol not that i ever read Man-thing, but i do remember Fangoria cover this movie when it was hitting DVD. Any good?
Snow, snow go away, pls don't come back ever unless u close the gov!
Good day.
Above the clouds on a plane headed for Sin City. Equal parts work and pleasure for 7 days.
Hi. I want you to play on warped tour. (:
send the G-6 you've been promising me and you've got yourself a deal!
If someone uses "life's too short" as a means to get you to do something stupid with them, know that that's probably true for them.
great show last night, fellers.
Juana: I'm here to support those fighting against #287g, what happened to me is a result of this program.
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I can't stand when people wear snapbacks and adjust them to the tightest fit, and that long plastic thing just sticks out (that sounded..)
unfortunately, some kids talk that way now. Go in a high school and you will hear white people call each other that.
My motto: When in doubt, write it out.
Reichman: copyright and database protection laws much greater upstream threat to progress of science than gene patents,etc
Rise and Grind PPl!!! Have a productive day PPl, A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TO WASTE!! #TEAM GIFTED MINDS!
We want to celebrate alumni in #PhxFocus. Email your most-recent accomplishments to .
Somebody is getting nervous Lol.
Watching a movie on a Saturday afternoon on my #iMac. What to do for tonight? What to do?
my sunday night consisted of The Simpsons, vodka, and Mad Men... i'd say a good night!
You know - what you visualize and speak will become reality. #imlivingproof . Great news today!!!!!!!!
if happy ever afters did existt.
“: DJ DUB Locks late night At Ohmstead Music Festival Aug. 27th Silent Disco with Juan Cosby and of "
Been a crazy couple of days lol
You go girl!
#LMFAO is going to be great!
oh, and my daughter's solo is to "Concrete Angel" by Martina McBride, so country is not out of the question.
Got that season ticket in the for this season!!! So stoked.
About GreenTechUpgrade greentechupgrade.com GreenTechUpgrade (GTU) is a sales and marketing consulting agency
does anyone know details on how OGL (Open Government License) overlaps with Creative Commons license (CC0-by)? if so, please contact me! thx
615-496-3044<<---FANS in j'ville,this # belongs to 'Tony'(Blues cafe j'ville beach)He keeps dismissing my attempts to perform at the cafe!
*wow* awesome site! thanks so much! i will def. use and also link to our faculty wiki
#20thingsaboutme I would die if I didnt have eminem to listen to
where do women like yu reside? i cant find any where im from
Hey you want a 'Battle'? Challege the crazy KPOP fangirls. I DARE YOU. #Cassiopeia + #ELF + #VIPS + #SHAWOLS UNITE
that's so awesome. congrats.
AUDITION: Stanley Steamer
QT : as long as I can keep going with ...I'll be g-string bikini ready by June. (cc: )(lol.!!
Dear North Carolina, you can still marry your cousin though right?
Take a bow XOMBI No2! You're the reason I now know what a WIMPLE is. AND you feature a dope cover.
Hope you like prison food...and penis!
Pure luck my friend! RT My cab driver keeps farting. Get me out of this moving Dutch oven. #startingthenightoffright ()
I'm somewhat amazed that Ryan Braun is hitting .313 with 10 HR & he has little to no protection.
I have my calendar on too many devices. Reminder notices make my place sound like Doc Brown's array of clocks.
Haha, yes! Hard to take a bad photo of food.
Congrats! We had a blast.
1D made history and there trending worldwide with two diff. Hash tag :D go 1D!!!!
It's official: Joel Przybilla is a Trail Blazer again. Blazers waive Armon Johnson to make room.
likes to blame the elitist media for focusing on the clear attack on women's health, but it's his party that began the assault
Now in second period of game six?
Especially with all of this music now days! Clearly artists are just out to make money, no thought to it.
RT : Now we bout to check out #REDTails! The movie theatre is like a #Morehouse vs Tuskegee classic up in here!
RT : RT : RT : Happy Anniversary & Anita Perry! Here's to many more.
We're so good at baseball...lol just kidding we're the baltimore orioles.
"Today's businesses need to recognize that customer loyalty goes a long way." (D. Dowdell, President of NJ Restaurant Association)
Come & party with me, MOJO BOYZ & DJ SKKI! With a host of other Folk's! MARQUISE TREVON WILSON'S BIRTHDAY BASH. Request me on Facebook!
Morning World :*
Local Jobs (Hiring Now) Positions open in your area. Hiring immediately - Apply Here.
chillin hoopin and working out. how yall season went?
Damn, these are some bomb ass noodles. Dey hot too! #FAT!
Busy, busy, busy!
Tomorrow Chef Hiran Patel of Klay Oven Kitchen will be holding a morning cooking class. Come by and learn about Indian cuisine!
Don't think he's untouchable by any means, but it would take a lot to get him.
Find people to connect with in any way
Thanks to I'm hooked on A$AP Rocky!!! Goldie on repeat :D
ayo Mr. Porter follow me? please man
Arlencia, I Like That
LOL wanna go to the mall later?
I will reply as soon as the lady picks up her little girl. Until then I can not sit more than 5 minutes.
Gift was pretty cool for 1 tix
i WiSH YOU WOULD TAKE SOMEBODY ELSE..FiRST OF ALL HOW THE HELL YOU GONE GET THERE?..YOU PETTY AS HELL FOR THAT ONE...
My day: Sioux Falls to Fargo, 30 min meeting, back to Sioux Falls. Ran out of gas in the middle nowhere. Phone died. Yeah.
I'm so addicted. RT pinterest drives me insane
You have the swag of rick morranis
go away.lol
In need of a good project management system
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
the snow is so pretty XD
The awesome thrash spanish is called molotov if anyone's interested.
I couldn't tell you how many times a day I listen to Under Soil And Dirt.
ahh now that's gaarrrbage I tell you ! Lol we gon remain like this "II"!
What are your thoughts about Newt Gingrich comments about poor children in the recent news? Let us know, call in to 713.652.5080
Welcome to our newest volunteers! I anticipate volunteering w/ you
hope all goes well with your wife. Hopefully the #Brewers will have a new Axford as closer in about 20 years
Bring your love baby I can bring the shame. Bring the drugs baby I can bring my pain.
Why can't Jackie be an idol? Why do we have to be stuck with the Liu who is a derpface troll?
webinars attendees are typically women
I'm having a really hard time getting over you. The worst part is that I never even dated you.
Thank you! Nice profile picture ; )
I'm sorry u couldn't
Now I'm waiting for the backlash/uproar for being the guy who caused to shut down twitter!
Welcome new followers!
- Gotta love the time changes! :P
Hear us poke fun at Baltimore's hyperlocal news racket, in #MidAtatlantic region's #funniest #podcast, the Inverse Delirium!
Havent been on here in forever
Happy Friday Everyone! We have Souvenir Duvel Glasses, great for Holiday Gifts!
oh damn, you caught my sub tweet... #awkward, wait no it's not! no Hoff reference necessary
the Miami one, those kids aren't even their real competition team. That girl Sammy doesn't even go there anymore. That
how can I find an old school Loveland Map? Need a wedding gift for a special couple who got engaged @ the top of lift 8.
i did
Onto M and A panel
Just finished working out. It's about 90° outside and even hotter in here. Think I'll go do more yard work now and sweat off more pounds!
Plz follow me pit I love u DALE!!!!!!:)
Commence 8 hour day of testing...
That last RT 
This Dunkin Donuts is showing Dragon Ball Z.
yes really aunt Toni they want it all lol
First. Having a revenue model does not automatically imply enterprise. It is people trying to innovate without selling out users.
Tweet me and I'll tell you what I think about you? (:
4/13 on PBS: premieres Season 6. Beautiful and important short films on contemporary artists to watch, learn, and support.
of course. It's probably the same as iPad #3 but with 1 or 2 changes
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
thank u mama
Pay attention to your cabbie and the road, not to serfdom! RT : Right to be a serf.
and then they turn into Brett Favre. and everyone--even former fans start to hate them
The works of Epicurus and Lucretius are saved in this "Name of the Rose"-like story about a 15th century scholar. The Swerve,
and you still haven't started?
SURF REPORT: 4/11/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft knee to waist high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 60°F
Learn to create opportunity for yourself. Don't wait on others. It's you that you must face in the mirror at the end of the day.
Congrats! How exciting :)
Happy Fat Tuesday! It looked like there was quite the crowd at The Parish!
Thanks Deb! Feeling must better as the day went on
Happy Easter
CDMA will not last!
Oh fuck, you weren't playing!
IIIMMMMM WEE (got more PLENTY more) CANT NOBODY SEE MEE IN C.O.D when a niigga feelin good ~ AYEE BOI ! ~
Evacuate Manhattan? Everyone needs to CALM THE FUCK DOWN!!
Tomorrow we will witness losing streak end against Sporting KC from ! It should be fun and UFC-fan crowded!
Somtimes I really hate that I'm extremely hormone driven!¡!
{ YOU KILLED IT } FUCK A HATER CHRIS BROWN ALL DAY
Same.. there's almost an embarrassment of riches thing going on.. I'm not really sure what to try with the data..
he came last year
Now your just somebody that I used to know
Born in OHIO, But im a PA Boy till the Death of me
Jacked for the first baseball game of the season tomorrow night!!!
Thanks a bunch, Bonnie!// : Happy Birthday Idee! Enjoy your day. :-)
Good day. Came home & went outside to tan & reading my new Justin bieber magazine 👍😃
So heated.
one for one.
Beautiful, wonderful organized happy chaos!
So what does Josh Hamilton have to do with gay marriage?
aren't our summers always crazy?!!!
Late night new follower shout outs!
Celebrating college success stories from the past year. Our students have been accepted to: Sweet Briar, Georgia Tech...
Working on anything fun?
Are you making the most out of what’s left of your summer?
I hope I don't meet a good divorce attorney at this kids birthday party that my hubby refuses to go with me to... Cause I can't afford one
already do, how about you follow me - killahmjay :D
where are you?
. And I'd add 's WRITE LIKE THIS.
are you following ? Amazing string quartet!
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. But when you're single, nothing..
Eating chicken wings for lunch = hiding in my cube.
lol dont let it fool you, I'm beautiful lol
do they have iPhone cases? I really really want one. Haha
u always looked sexy in that catsuit. th best thing about that suit is you delicious booty.
Not currently but if we ever need to outsource for a freelancer I will make sure to post something here on Twitter
thats what I thought (: is it? Because if it's not 12:12 then obviously thats why my wish hasn't came true!
The more public i am, the harder i have to strive to remain brave.
Half day today :)
I need a gig this weekend!!!!!
What is football? Why am I watching sports??
I thought the original was 50? I went slightly under that.
Free is my favorite kind of makeup :)
when are you returning to the homeland?
The rest of the interview is very good too, just not in the same painful/funny way.
Best for last!
U should check out SAALT! South Asian Americans Leading Together. 15 of us just finished up a Youth Leadership Conf with thm!
#Mariners haven't scored a run in 23 innings. . . Rough, losing exciting about home opener
Cincinnati what about "Chicago"
Good call on the overturn.
"Why you over there looking at me while my girl standing here?"
I'm crossing fingers for good news today.
": #Gemini's are very popular and well liked by everyone and everything."
Goodbye soon Verizon wireless. Getting rid of my unlimited data and I'm going back to AT&T.
Deliciously true. Happy weekend :)
Many companies use repeat advertisements repeating the product name many times in hope the audience recognises it and take it in.
"This last paragraph needs more sweet, delicious nectar."
This place is amazing! (Checked in at Breckenridge Nordic Ski Ctr)
Community Calendar
They chose the Easy Button.
Commin from the girl who complains when I don't :)~
lol ehhhh if you say so
A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never quite sure. ~ Lee Segall
driving on 40...we left at 1030 - what do u want to do?
Sonic for lunch. I've missed this place.
I didn't DIE! Jesus Christ! I'm still here girl! And now I have ALL the time in the world, so get ready for my daily emails
lokos don't have caffeine in them anymore silly??
Fuck joining a gym. I got one right here at the apartment. It look like a miniature LA Fitness in there
that's wassup....when/where is the contest
I would like to personally thank the Lord Jesus Christ for ending this Tim Tebow BS.
Oh boy! Go follow to hear the HUGE news!
You would...
#educomm #digitalbrand translating your brand into a powerful online presence
Y'all are def gunna hit it then. Haha
Liahona - Ancient GPS. Iron Rod - Navigation Device Book of Mormon - SmartPhone.
Logged in to candidate for #LPC VP (English) James Morton's virtual townhall call last night. A thoughtful discussion.
your in the palm of my wave.
Finally Back.... Missed one whole day from Twitter... I feel like I have missed everything
You bring up a really good point as I think more affordable housing options should be out there 4 all.
Save the date: Our May General Body Meeting will take place on 5/24 at 6:45pm at NPR.
on premise of : that it should be fun, encourage collaboration and collegiality
How sweet that she'll likely be trick-or-treating in the same neighborhood her mom did!!!
Between the Lakers and Heat fans they always have so many excuses ..
this is truly heartbreaking
Fabulous BBQ dinner at the Zeckovich mansion! Even my dad ate his steak w' no additives (Cavendars, etc). I impress myself even!
a CAPS Bench model can do that for the birds on #RhinoTech #facebook site.
ex. "San Francisco...the Lemon Sharing Captial of the world" meh. We need a really awesome title for the winning city.
does it have lecture/discussion capture for asynchronous folk?
True! :) RT : Three little words that can really change the world: I need you. :)
Faith is dead if it is not acted upon. Open up your hearts for Christ!
how do you get a Bill Cosby mold? ;)
“: To All the people who went to today that don't go all the time.. make it habit!”
I'm looking for ppl willing to talk on flipcam @ why its impor for sch lib to join or go to ala
yea, i watched rock of love too. even the specials...lol
i regret going to that party lastnight .
The SuperDome is too big a venue for basketball in my opinion.
Really, its just that the show takes a pretty long time to produce. I just want to start focusing in other things.
Fav new song Glad You Came ! <3
evrybody needs to follow because shes sexy and she knows it. jk shes watching me type this. and i have to be nice. jk :P
; i put Willie :) how many guests ? & you can come at anytime
You better <333333 (:
Making final preparations for our big event on May 4th,5th,6th!! Get ready for the Oregon Trail Rally!
thanks for the input!
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us. -Parks Cousins
O I'm Such A Jelly Fish Right Now! You Luckkyyy Gurlll But At Least You Got A Picture With Them!!!
“: I've listened to Tesla for like 3 hours straight” That must mean you are all Tesla coiled up.
what you up to
Great chat once again! See you all next week!! :)
Good luck with that
I love you because we hate the same stuff
Can u fill me in? If this is next week, I'll be at the Amer Ethnohist Soc annual meeting in Pasadena.
The silence isn't so bad, til I look at my hands and feel sad, cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly
Los Angeles would benefit from another riot just because we could redecorate and fix a few pot holes and get rid of some graffiti.
A5 If I see a job in my network that would be a fit for a friend, I often ask that friend if they'd like an intro
is today your birthday? It is also my son's birthday!
Wake up n do this take home part of my final
it was all up and down the east coast... New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia... It was crazy.
likes baseball, movies, good clothes, fast cars, and you. What else you need to know?
I love when I 3bet pre and get called by Q5. It's pretty awesome.
totally agree. Which one are you going to try first?
Excellent #lgbtleaders conf and Campaign Board mtgs. Tks to the staff. Energized and returning home to elect LGBT candidates.
Partially functional/ half of me is comfortable/ the other half is close to the Cliff, like Mrs. Huxtable
No Remorse, No Regret. . .
What is "Hunger Games"? Is it like the Olympics for Supermodels?
Why u trying to play fire with fire ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY =D
The walking dead Zombies
yawn? are you serious? that album is hot RT : 2 songs in to nicki minaj's album
Finally the world acknowledges database builders as rock stars....next thing you will tell me is the EU crumbling
Yo Congrats on the fight sunn!! You down to hear some new Hip hop knowledge and Wisdom based??
I would like to thank the states of OH, KY & TN for treating us like real lady strippers today. You made it rain on us the entire drive.
Omg I feel horrible. Maybe if i keep bitchin they'll let me leave w
awww brand thanks for making me smile :D
Ready to get this #boxing show on the road! Let's rock! #dc #dmv - ms
i Dont need a phone .
I don't fuck with that cereal dust at the bottom of the bag.
nancy, thanks so much!
yes please homie..user name?
Davidson: questioning the myth of monotasking, questioning the newness of distraction (yesteryear's cell phone was once the book)!
Good morning everyone. I'm enjoying the solitude of being the only one awake in my household...not counting the cats.
Going to lunch !!!!!, I'm not hungry I'm just going to sit at the table alone :(
Damn might leave #NYK he better not hes cold and he's my favorite player on my favorite team the duo JR and Melo!
Ashfield, of course. I love that particular waterfall!
Touché. If you are secretly the man who made the Pirates of the Caribbean theme... You'd be at least 78 times cooler.
It wasn't as extreme when I was a kid, but the 'derp forgot her lunchmoney' lunch was so gross, it was a great motivator.
i haven't watched yet!!!
10 but i need to be out by 9 /-: you kno where is?
thank you. we need more
Have a peaceful, relaxing evening. *making a kissy face*
Thanks sweetheart <3 your the best!
Delaware and Lindenwood underway...
hahahaha, I know! SUCH a good laugh :)))
So many #anhkc events this weekend to choose from and so little time.
your grass roots culture is pretty #BA dudes
that's so tru 4 me too
Don't miss this special presentation of "Dear Child" on Thursday, Dec. 16, 2011!!!
Terribly disappointed that shot clock was not approved for high school basketball today.
If everyone played same amount of games, home and away, and comparable SOS, there would be no debate at the end.
A little afternoon barrel tasting of our '09 California Pinot Noir. Almost ready to be bottled- and drinking wonderfully!
I love Facebook Timeline - I'd love it more if it came with a Beast of my own!
sure she can. she's gotten mixed up with the wrong sorts of kids since she's been following the dead on tour.
That is great news! MT : We're back! We are tabling in the CSU Monday from 11-1. Stop by for #ProChoice goodies!
GMAT studying to the sounds of Tony Bennett, my favorite Italian-American. Happy Columbus Day!
Now, I'm on board. And if we have leftover lumber, maybe we can finally build that Tweet Deck we've all talked about so much?
SNAP, TEFAP, CSFP, HFFI, WIC Alphabet Soup! (How many of these acronyms do you know?)
Bob's Burgers on #Fox never interested me... until they named a food truck "Genghis Flan".
Happy Birthday Robert Pattison!!
Really loving cover of 'We Are Young'
how dare you!! Trifling while I'm in class.... Rude.
nothing quite like a random drunk lady shouting in your ear. At least it was in time to the music.
It's hard to offend someone who walks in forgiveness.
Through 18, NY Choi sits on top the leader board at -6. With one hole left G. Park is at -4. 2010 champ Ai Miyazato is T12 at -1
"Can I hear Beyonce "Bring the Beat In" please, Mr. DJ?" Thar just happened.
I talked all dat sh*t about dat man &he looked out for me! SMH
I hate when a female question me like man off my sack.
Great visit this morning! Loving having them in the neighborhood! Roxanne is great and taking Tonk in a couple weeks.
#TrueUberFact RT : Listening to music helps keeps minds active and memories alive.
Dapper Dipper on Blue Cheese Bread from easily the best sandwich I've ever had.
Woke up with massive headache
I been hating on him since day 1.
Congrats to for the full page in today's !
can't live without AdBlock Plus and Delicious add-ons.
put cheese on everything ice cream if u have to...well....maybe not ice cream
Aye bitch try this
Storm spotters are confirming tornadoes on the ground once again near Dallas, TX.
Hadn't read tons of NSR, but I had a positive enough impression from other pieces to be sad to find out she did this.
cool, let me know where it is..ill actually be there ;-)
It's better to feel like shit/hungover on company time than your own time..happy hump day
I know! This is fun! I wish I could figure out tweet deck now!
REJOICE~Canadian Scholarship Presentations this Sunday!
hey my beautiful wife I love you so much @>------
What if you work graveyards and didn't wake up until now!? Don't worry--Our lunch special goes till 4pm!! $5 Pastrami Sndwch =)
i slept already so im fucked :C
Seriously.. Waking up to my neighbors screaming for the third day in a row 😒
can i be your beach wife? ;) haha
Celebrating #ColumbusDay by going to work...like I do every Monday...yeah!!!!
Don't think I'm going bowling...
registration is going well. People even signed up over weekend for Accessibility Camp DC bit.ly/fWOb8
who all do you know of that has it cuz I have it and I can't find anyone:/
Some people have too much time on their hands, my friend.
good stuff, eh? i think i borrowed that one from a 6-year-old haha
this is a powerful episode and truly enjoying it. So many golden nuggets. Thank u
Too bad Wilson is too smart for that.
Why am I still holding on to u......ugh....
Ugh: on-line chat support is now unavailable for my provider-after waiting 10 minutes. But 3 sites hosted for $12/mo - should I be happy?
are you repped for speaking? We have someone interested in hosting you for an event. Pls DM us if you are interested.
The weather outside may be frightful, but a brisk walk in the cool air really gets the blood flowing in your body.
Snow Fender-Bender
asdfghjkl; jill from dance moms follows me now.. yay(:
S/O TO ALABAMA THE LOVE FOR NO4 IS TRUE."TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE
Saverin leaving the country to avoid taxes, Mitt must be his idol, with his millions of dollars offshore to avoid taxes.
You are the best! Thanks for the RT :)
#thatawkwardmoment when you don't feel safe leaving your car anywhere but home because you know people are out to get you.. lmfao
Do people still use the term "Guinea"? That was a derogatory term for Italians when I was a kid.
Work/Life balance is a horrible term. Stop using it. It implies an invisible fulcrum which shifts dynamically. If one side is great...QED
Y is it everyone else who interviews talks about the pins and the greens etc... And PHIL just talks about himself.. Cont
its like chocolate peanut butter without the peanut taste its amazing.
that was jose.
Thanks to all who came to our show last night at Largo! You were a beautiful crowd :)
was I one of the first 5?!
Finally going to learn how to lift heavy things tomorrow thanks to !
I'll be writing about great social media campaigns for #wbnamerica. What publishers & authors are rocking it today (& tonight)?
Scratch that. I love she feeds me(:
ok ok, I accept the compliment. And you don't look like every other Asian, sheesh
Bloody Marys and nachos = sunday!!!!! Happy Hour all day!!!!!
That cookies and cream were so good :P
Y'all talking about good morning? LOLOL I HAVEN'T SLEPT YET!
Getting paid to play with my phone.
Made it to 575 "likes" on FB. Now we just need that many followers on Twitter. Actually how about that many folks at a show? Better.
For someone who is terrified of frogs, this episode of #duckdynasty is torture. Aside from the normal amt.
Agreed. Just like NFLs problem with Goodell solely making calls, Shanahan shouldn't be end-all, be-all. Discipline by committee.
Sitting in Miami traffic with my dad.
ohmahgahh i feel like i've been living under a rock broo
Do the D.A.N.C.E. 1234 fight
follow me so i can dm u back! And figure this out!
Who shall get an ass kicking ? Pittsburgh, Boston or Tampon Bay?
Only a few more days to stop in at your #local ParadigmGardens and get 15% off #ProMix #Soil and 10% off on
You can check out our granite displays as well---
As much as I don't like Nicki minaj, I can't resort to calling her a whore just because I dislike her music & content
Congrats, but if you plan to work after college, chances are that will include 9am on Fridays.
re-visiting the Lemon-Red Mix Series this morning, almost 7(!) years later remains an awesome run of blog mixes
hey, I just arrived at #dcdh. where are you guys?
In my bed. its god (:
When you take that first step you don't know what ur getting into.then the success starts pouring in.Then you know you did what you had to.
I think more could be done there. threaded convos in gmail helps, but I think there could be much improvement
Yep. Unanimous decision.
I was the happiest when there was a Me and You.
I knew I shouldn't have fallen asleep at 7:30pm. Jeez,
yea its feast or famine you know lol right now I'm gobbling up all I can get. What are you working on now?
jamming to boyz to men
It's good to have you back...I miss everything :)
you're welcome! consider it a virtual cupcake!
Long digression (way too long) by Gary Price on problems with Google - company that's lost it's focus and is now too diffuse
but I replied.
I guess i just had to hear it from him to fully accept it...I'm so glad, I've hav'nt been this happy in a while...---
When someone tells you that you cant do something you just turn around and say "watch me"
Basically, Metro is realizing that the system isn't new anymore, and maintenance has to be continual.
Wow, glad to be on the outside looking in for once.
To me he a lover to him he a killa !! -Wezzyfbaby !
Oh man, I would LOVE to be a part of this!
You are more than welcome!
RT : I'm not even invested in #idol anymore. But I'll say this: Joshua Ledet MUST. WIN. That boy can sing his natural ass off.
be more specific of what your going to do
Never have I ever fell asleep after drinking too much mommy juice.
In this place that we live In the blink of an eye babe, the darkness slips in Love lights the world Unites the lovers for eternity
what?? uhm no.... of course not Wtf
The worst aspect of the walled garden is it seeks to replace many small pieces loosely joined with tightly coupled systems.
love that place, what are you doing in my stomping grounds :)
that's all the things you do to me JACKASS ask she know.
It appears a trip to Midway Atoll is in my future.
Ugh. Just deleted three tweets because they make me seem confused and bitter. Beware the Ides of March!
Honoring Life, Honoring Death
If you already have a FREE PHONE, don't be greedy and apply for a second phone, when you aint doing nothing with the first one. *JOB SEARCH
Good point; institutional change in HE sector is risk factor? MT : Fedora isn't the preservation system, our institutions are.
Good Morning Everybody! :) Hope Everyone Has A Good Day >>>>
thanks for the mention!
awesome InfoGraphic. I just pinned it!! :)
Zayn wishes he had prescription glasses because he likes the big nerdy glasses.
Florence and the Machine is a go! Look for some great music coverage next week. (, and more)
She said dont preach to me, nigga hold up..
Presents: Only The Hits Online Radio Show Tonight @ 7PM Sharp. Spread The Word And Tell Your Friends And Make Sure You Tune In!
I am the real Mr. Steal Yo Girl my nigga....
Health is worth more than learning. (Thomas Jefferson)
Thank god I grew up in a family that can cook and more importantly that taught me how to cook!
Future of Academic libraries in Magnolia.
Just finished talking to Tonya Antonucci of the Women's Professional Soccer league!
thank you friend - great job for Easter Awesome!
i got two weeks to get better at volleyball. tryouts are gonna be hard.
pumping some while packing up the NYC apartment. then long island for pesach! HAPPY PASSOVER!
Black Nite Ize Wide Universal Clip Case Holster Plus for ...
go ahead. How are you doing?
Can Karma be cleansed? Is it possible to have a new fresh start? Releasing all my negatives and even my wrongs? Would love some feedback.
Oldie but goodie. I'm surprised that they haven't turned off the water seeing how cold it is!
OH at the pond show: "yo, where's tame impala??"
Telling "Gene in a car" to crash into a bridge embankment and not walk away was TERRIBLE! Come on .
is a baby and has 200,000+ followers. Um, okay.
After an infusion of food and caffeine, we're back to discussing #RDA and #cataloging matters. Afternoon: all about authorities.
Why can't I just be a stripper? Fuck school get money!
Double w00t! RT : w00t! MT : Twitter is opening an office in #Detroit & Facebook is buying Instagram. Big day!
Great Job!! You see me
someone text me. :D
Just spent the morning cleaning the house. Happy mothers day to me
There's no such thing as "low budget" in the porn world. It's called "amateur"
thank you I will be there soon.
"interaction is the goal" for twitter -
Excited to play this friday. So amped!! Gonna drop some sicck tunes :)
you have lots great and interesting information.
It aint never no one I know in Chipotle that I can cut. FML.
So pumped up to get this trash talking week going I woke up at 6am to do Mason in the Morning on
We're going to be swimming in babies and money
Thanks! You are too. XD
kicked as soon as we got here
Spending a nice birthday with family and friends
I wonder how gaming is like educational reform? Gamers spend hours working through the stages and levels of progression...
Opportunity starts on Monday! Go get it!! Have a great week!
nigga I dropped outta school cuz they had recess and I don't play games
I have to go and and get my passport today. But I don't want to get up.
Somebody get me on a lane home... Wyf is this shit
I Hope Kurt And Blaine!♥
Why do things have to be so confusing?
Bomb! Unicorn is open for lunch @! 12noon starting tomorrow! Get there!
oh balls.
It's James Brown come back as Dancing in the Streets! Love it and the wig!
Just checked out #offLabel at #TFF fantastic doc from the directors of
Good, isn't good enough
:/ What can I do to help you for that?
Thanks! Its one of our favorites!
I've been expecting a knock at the door for months. I'm 1. Christian 2. TCOT 3. Constitutional Construc. 4. Verbal
Some guy said I wear as much makeup as a clown so I'm under his bed with a knife. That's what clowns do, right?
Asik with the block!
will be in #Shirlington today at Campbell Ave & Quincy!
If I could take a time machine to any day in history, I'd go straight to this year's Suck it, Renaissance Era.
nope. I'm sure Mik is tho
AH my favorite
Thank you for your business. Please let us know how we can improve our service.
NEW MERCH FOR SALE! GET INTO IT!
Thanks!!! I looked for you on Skype yesterday at Carla's house but you weren't on...We painted a mural in the baby's room!
Whatever kathy ;)
Can't wait for "Lisa Goes Gaga"
Buying new tires is a crappy job!
everyone please follow my talented buddy > she is very sweet, nice, and cool
#Actors, come from your soul and you will awaken another's.
You are a retard! live with that.
I miss you bud :/
man she aint gonna do nothin but fuck you over too
Kate Freer is a fucking genius. Come see our installation on Saturday!
♥♥Welp... Once again waiting for the second service to start... Im rly bored and wish someone would talk to me.....♥♥
Thanks for the mention! We love the article.
I see Nashville Fashion Week is next week! Who's going?
Is straight w/o friends! Family & sex w/ my man is what and who I need!
What are some Indie Slang words that musicians use? Can you define them? (Looking to define some new words this weekend!)
It takes#power to keep the weight off my shoulder.
Nothing like college kid drunken induced random vandalism on the East Side of Milwaukee. Fucking assholes.
No cat, you cannot has my tater tots! -pouts and protectively hovers over food-
Cool! I'm going to try it out on a site that I'm working on. I like the flexibility that it offers compared to AT Commerce.
Great, now zombie Jason is after you
Dude, you're just messing with us now, no?!? MR. THE ALTUVE! If you want Weeks in, put him in your misc/DH slot...
It's the goddam Twins for crissake. just
Saturday craze tonight with &
I shall stop you immediately!
I'm really surprised there are currently no anglophones at the Académie Française...
headed to mad dogs/ bad dogs in Lincoln square. Come hang.
well aren't we just so lucky lol
Just booked my flight to Minneapolis for mom's BDay. Minneapolis May 11-14 and South Dakota May 15-16. I hope it doesn't snow...
the carson daly show is so boring, but i can't stop watching it...
so, if the terrorists get acquitted, do they get set free? And if there's NON CHANCE of that, then its a show trial and silly. And naive.
Indian drug giant Cipla slashes cancer drug prices
The Nomu Lounge in Bellevue is closed tonight for a private party. Sorry for the inconvienence!
np thank you too(:
I got a Verizon iPhone 4 for sale... Im asking $1.2 million, but for u.... A millski even will suffice LoL
I am going to start #brewingkombucha at home. Any tips, warnings or fave recipes?
5 am is never a good time.
We had classes this AM and couldn't attend your #DCCashMob. Congrats on its success.
why's that
he probably wanted that
It's free week in Austin y'all! Get out there and support live, local music...XONZ
Class of 2012: More jobs, bigger paychecks
I don't even know you like I use too which is fucked up but I guess it's life......
hell yea man. Shit u only live once
Pierce a pin through an egg before boiling it; this helps in taking off the egg skin later.
