Hongos taco with Union Jack IPA draft...Nice!
The by our house is pretty incompetent. The ppl on the phones suck.
it won't let me:( lol i'll try later.
fuck cancer and fuck anything that has to do with it...this shit is unbelievable....going need my family this weekend...
Amen! One of the greats. “: Jim Keltner whatever did I do without you”
Now that it's time, I am calm as can be. So very happy! I cannot not wait to look him in the eyes and say I do!
Flossing is my hobby. What of it?!?!
yall pray for me with these finals cause Ima need it
Juliette Gordon Low "failed" at wife- & motherhood, so she taught girls to be self-sufficient.
Headed to bed just gonna watch this game until....
Thanks for reposting this! Hope you had a fab V-day!
SAT at AREA702: Inherit The Sky, Sanity Is Lost, Just Like Scarlet, ACityMisleading, From The Ashes Of Hope, Viator Saint!
where am I getting what from? My tweets? Just saying it how it is bro;)
I have a feeling sophomore year is going to suck -_-
I'm on @ 12:51 w re #PayGap report report requested by & me, 2 B released around noon
New follower :D
Their pho is really good! CC RT Alright Foundry, let's see what you got.
Whats your favorite place for viewing fireworks in #Cleveland?
Looking for a job? Great news, all you need to work for Spirit airlines is a brain stem and a shitty childhood
hey LJ. Can I get a follow back? Much love.
Wishing everyone a Merry Merry Christmas
Would like to be at home in ur arms. Ilykbo.
I'm jus a weird dude apparently. W.e.
need i remind u were n L.A. lol
guy has a crazy voice! reminds me of someone but can't place it
I love Stacy Burton!
Have finally tamed the beast, which is AWS ec2. Until next time & goodnight my old foe.
Ha! Others might have a different description. :-0
Support independent artists!
good luck!
Library all day today... and every day this week.
Only things I love in life are my family friends Eminem and Pittsburgh. 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
Looking forward to volunteering at Habitat for Humanity! I hope the weather isn’t terrible tomorrow morning.
Boo miss you in de koolaid "how do they do this" dummies still bothering me ugh!!!
Now I want to hear Dyack maniacally defend it on a podcast.
yeah I tried growing one out to be Reza's replacement.
Lovin Trey Songz "Successful"... I want the money, money and the cars, cars and the clothes I suppose, I just wanna be successful...
Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value. Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary commodities.
Basketball History 101: Rick Barry, his 2nd season (1966-67) in the NBA led the league in scoring at 35.6 PPG! WOW...
it was hard but i got over him we dont talk much anymore idk y we both dont put in the effort
Woot! Playoffs Round 1 Broomball victory =awesome. Hannah, have you tried to win a race lately? Maybe consider cross training?
will pass along another and concert announcement tomorrow morning at 11!
nah not that I know of bro
Huge. Swaps in DC sell out and get lines down the block.
if I feel better :/ im going Friday forsure ,&thats when I'll take the shorts <3
not suggesting a cause or timing of the nose break.suggesting the nose, like all evidence, must hold up in cross.
thank you Stacy Malkan for ur amazing spirit and knowledge. Thanks 4D honor 2B part of our documentary
about to watch the #VSFashionShow in 5 min!!! excited lol ;P
Sandy, are you speaking of #social boom?
lol swagg I gotchu on that... It went good we got some super dope pics for the site and tumblr !
Congrats on CORE-designed & on #RammyNoms this year!
It's Pi day!
#help first, talk later..help anybody that needs help that you can help..some or a lot.it does not matter. Helping heart is a Healthy heart.
Maybe birthday week can start tomorrow? :) RT : Tomorrow night we tap Big Eddy Imperial IPA! Stop down for one!
Is back to being myself...
Mayweather vs Cotto who cares #boxing is as good as dead
If I had a nickel for every time I heard someone bitch about how much they hate their generation i'd have some serious cash right now.
Tony Ambrose being sworn in as newest member of the El Cajon City Council
Shaving My Whole Head Because My Phone Got Stole . lol
Flight from SEA to DFW, highs from 50's to high 80's. Might not need this fleece jacket when I get there.
oh true dat son!
Why do I even bother anymore...? Never gunna win.
SHE SAID SHE DIDNT KNOW HER OWN STRENGTH ...
You only live once, that's the motto, nigga #YOLO, We bout it er day, er day, er day
I just wanna go to McDonald's and get a million mcnuggets -_-
Highlight of my year, spending 20 min with Stephen Wolfram, thank you
Set stomachs to stun: "Copper carrots: done! Sweet potato casserole: ready to bake! Chocolate chip cheesecake: done! Mashed potatoes: to do"
Wut up!! Get yo butt naked ass up, Salute TOPFLIGHT!
several groups do them, esotouric, japanese and Jewish groups- most charge, but you can find some unique ones
Way to take care of business Holy Cross! 2A Title Stays in NKY! K FULLER played a great 2nd half of the season!
Yes, perhaps we should get Kleenex on board as it will be one big waterfall!
it's in the Network tab, you can filter by data type at the bottom of that tab
Sweet!!! they play the same as the #Hawks. Just made my day. thanks
Yay, perfect application for my new noise-canceling headphones!
“Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.”
Isn't it wonderful?! I love it! I'm going outside!!!
Just made a secret handshake with the little love bug #OhYeaaahh #Boom ✊
I still struggle with people who stop where there is no stop sign. It is more dangerous that way.
A Davis, Harden, Kobe, LeBron, Bosh, Griffin, Melo...not Dream Team or Redeem Team, but #MemeTeam?
RT : Never abandon yourself to please another...
Business is business let's keep it moving!!!!!!!!!!
If you're attending #TXLA12 today, stop by the "1001 Great Ideas" poster session 4-5:30 and visit me! I have ONE GREAT IDEA!
I heard a one direction song.... And liked it
When it's all over and you think you've "won", stay humble, for in the future you might have to face THANOS!!!
Here I go again...whether I win or loose
Congrats & best wishes
Good question. But how do you seperate those people from the ones who are truly struggling to make ends meet?
ok ok i feel bad 1$?
Headline: "#Norway rampage culprit calm, expects life in jail" Um, yeah, ya' think?! The whole thing makes me sick.
I love scott
Dick in a Box?
Thank you !!! I love that you enjoy it :)
We shd have your courage, KD2 : #FF "Karen helps me to be the Martial Artist I am & the person who I am today ;-)”
serious discussion this evening with about whether a pen is more deadly than a razor.
you are marsamazing i just made that up and said it to may on
Saved again by the
Haha thanks - lots of people are passing it around; I wondered who made it.
we are going to miss your reports!!
Word to yo momma n al hurr baby dadies!
Had appt this morning at the Endoscopy Center- fun, fun!
I found a fun kidlit book for Ancient Rome: Tiger, Tiger by Lynne Reid Banks.
Heck yes - Can't wait!!! #BacheloretteParty #LetMeSeeYourHandsUp!
I Have Three Big Ass Pimples On My Face . #ThatShitAintCute -.-
I understand bulimia a little bit better after I eat McDonalds. Mistakes were made.
What do you mean
facebook spam is mad annoying PREVENT SPAM don't remove app just remove the post! (:
right me too
really salty about my headphones
Congrats the website looks awsome!!!
Pulitzer: The Leaked Fiction Memos via Ahaha, cracking me up.
LOL! Thanks for the response! Loved the song -yeah and the video too-love to play it on
u wont have a bad hair day if u did something like cut all of it off. That isn't a hairdo u have. Its a hair don't!
I love you, you're amazing! I think you all your performance's are amazing! And you didn't deserve to get sent home! js
are there that many exclusive titles anymore? Seems like most games are for all systems these days.
Fallbrook Technologies Inc. Announces NuVinci® Variable Speed Supercharger Technology Ready for Adoption by OEMs
which comedian lol
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. ~Henry Ford
Even the refs can't stop Cal from its own crappiness this time. Texas ball!
yes how absurd that the British press should write about the British prime minister
lol Fran we read that too!!!!!!!!!! I didn't mind it to much though... Haha!
She slowly falling out of love
Alright I'm for real this time…. I'm leaving to get something to eat
sweet pic. Beer makes it even better! I'm out friends, night!
": That's awesome, "The highway's jammed with broken heroes a last chance power drive."#RIPClarence" true dat
Cold Washington morning. Looking forward to some southern warmth at in Little Rock.
Lol at least you gave something up RT : Happy Easter !!! I can finally drink a soda ! God Bless you'll !!!!!!
I Love making you look stupid!
still wanna #bootytude today, Mr. PTO?
Yeah boy!
Truth. RT RT : Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. CYRUS FARIVAR
Thank you for all the #FF's!! Ya'll are the BEST!!!
A little hockey with my breakfast.
But you didn't have to cut me off. Make it out like it never happen and that we were nothing.
Taco Tuesdays! 5 types of Tacos (beef, chicken, shrimp, crab, fish) great music & people also!!!!!!!
Changed the office water bottle. Feats of strength for the week completed.
exactly, it's easy to get caught up and think with your cock not your brain. You have a good head on your shoulders, use it.
huge mistake avoiding cabanas. Come join us at bellagio cabana tomorrow...or bank now.
don't stop being yourself because some jackass did you wrong, just don't be nice to that person! Be true to you :)
When I feel smug for getting up at 4 a.m. I then remember people like are not only up but dressed and looking good for TV.
E-waste recycle event June 26 & 27 Vancouver mall and Olympia mall. www.GreenCenturyOnline.net for details. Recycle responsibly. GCER
working avp volleyball in Huntington Beach.
If you can't afford to do it right the first time, how much more does it cost to do it again? Just asking.
Haah I have no idea why I spelled it that way either sorry
I wonder how many college kids were about to sit down and write a paper today, only to learn that Wikipedia had been blacked out
no fried foods huh?
I'll reiterate the consensus from #RonPaul insiders: He's not suspending his campaign.
Was very proud of and
Anybody want to comment on handling cramps on and off during workout even while on a clean eating regime?
Had a Kindle since Christmas and only just figured out that there are FREE books on Amazon that you can just HAVE, without a Prime acct.
yes, i work at zara (:
GRAND OPENING JULY9TH 4517 E 131ST COME OUT AND ENJOY ENTERTAINMENT AND GREAT FOOD, & HELP US CELEBRATE OUR BRAND NEW HOME!!!!
#youknowyoubrokewhen canned tuna keeps u living
e-llo! Weird - I thought I already followed you? Did you get a new account or something?
mello is like a brother to ME HE luv meh this i know he makes me feel so gooD ND ONE THING ABOUT MEH AM NOT SCARY ND AM BOUT MINE
Thank you to Next Act Theatre for helping to make our 2010 one-act plays a success! Please support Next Act's 2010-11 season!! :)
Snow!! Weak effort, Michigan, but I'll take it.
So u r ok with the way Rush characterize women in the context of this story?
A conversation about dim vs dark storage logically turns into a discussion about aliens... right?
aw now come on gtl - some things just should not be changed - leave dumbo alone!
You don't know what it's like to be in my shoes
the final score was 2-2 and so i made like 200 pounds off that shit, which is like 340 bucks to you yanks
thanks so much! All I can say is awesomeness!
UNLEASH THE POWER OF MOONSHINE
It's so hot in this house!!
no sir
it's okay, you don't have to be sad anymore:) and it's good how's yours?
Unless you wanna go to breakfast, I'll be at work during the day after 12 :(
people actin funny now wha did i do ?
DELTED THIS PAGE U HAVE NO L.IFE THATS WHY U SUCK ON COW NIPPLES BITCH
Feeling so guilty..:\
Pushing for a win tonight. Schedule gets ugly and, while we want to be kinda bad the rest of the year, we don't want THAT bad.
Sometimes I feel like outsourcing my life…
On my bullshit niggaz betta not let they bitch get them hurt!
cause i slept on it for 8 hours it was stunned i was freakin out
We have built our family-owned business over the past 4 years by providing a complete range of cleaning services.
example ---> RT “: No Girlfriend Should EVER Feel Like She's In Competition With Another Hoe PERIOD!!!”
Go, #Cowboys! (and #Patriots!)
It's also great for freelancers. Perfect, interactive way to self-market your work.
Other people might have given up on you. But I wont. Everyone has given up on me, And I couldn't give up on you.
Currently listening to: Dogs of Babylon - Sustain Its Feeding My Brain
It's only 9:28 am my time, but no joke all day is going to be funnier than this one.
We are looking for artists for an event this march!Send us an email:
Thank you! Very glad to be here!
The #Highlandtown Wine Festival has been rescheduled for May 20th! We hope to see you then!
good times:)
You have time to chat next week?
Running off of an hour and a half of sleep. Alex can suck mah bawlz for this one.
Next meeting set for Feb. 18 at WTHR! Hope you can come out and network with Indy's professionals!
..or that people are using elec. mediation to try to impose tidiness/control on pers. relationships...?
RT if you want me to dm for you?x
#REPENTREDEEMRESURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: John 11:1-44. Roll away every stone between u and RESURRECTION!
I believe that was the unofficial title of August 2011 Movie Night, no?
Um....onside kick worst call since the overturned fumble.
Been contemplating the idea of mentors. Did most people have one in their professional lives?
Thanks for the RT's :)
So glad that my friends aren't so judgmental / "people can't change" attitude as you. Sad you only see the bad and not possible.
Let me be clear, the WORLD WILL END if we don't raise the debt ceiling! Human beings CANNOT function without the brilliance of government!!!
Bedlam Fans or Friends of Bedlam Fans, we have 30$ gift cards for 25$ just in time for xmas.
You know who my niggas are ..
What do me and have in common? Both new to Twitter. If you like him, follow me. Trust me it makes sence. I said trust me...
Contemplating about turning my phone off for the day. Maybe the week.
I Reflect at Your Grave
haha, I was trying to help the girl!! Turns out she needs more help that I thought....
like who rocks JUST a vest. Not a three piece suit. A vest. Straight from Todays Man in J mall.
hi hello this is mitchell davis
Such a perfect day! :) What are all the other #RObotz up to?
Trying to get noticed by and is hard even though we all live in San antonio..
Did Detroit boo nickelback? This is some ugly football.
and the coolest person on the planet =P
#40DOLLARS per paycheck pay for medications monthly I would not be able to afford otherwise
I know NOW lol bum ass
Ur welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app. Offer promotions w us
RT Had a blast today at ascarate park with my Gz family. Life wouldn't be the same without them ♥
About an hour left. You can win THE KING'S SPEECH. No stutter or Academy Awards necessary!
I didn't buy anything, I just went with my cousin! :)
farmer's market or the smoothie ?
awesome, just direct message us an address and how many you would like and we will get them out to you asap.
hey thanks, king!
Should I be forced to write a letter supporting reparations for African Americans?
okay twitter, help me. i'm going to prom what should i smell like: pink grapefruit, night-blooming jasmine, mango/pomegranate or gardenia?
Crossing things off my to do list even though they weren't ever assigned in the first place
Check-in & brag about your #HCG #weightloss here! On the HCG Diet I have lost ______ pounds. (Fill in the blank)
Lol at peoples perceptions I was told by two players I am the loosest player at the table, but I am the tightest by a mile and they r loose
When you think you can't, you must
Thanks for the RT! I agree, we need more funding for school libraries
Not bad not bad. Ready for some sunshine!
Getting ready for our Women & Families dinner program which is open Mon-Fri 3-6p. See someone in need? We're at #1525NewtonStNW, pls tell!
Should be grading...but instead I'm yelping and considering rewatching the Reichenbach Fall
Twitter is officially Seinfeld! :D A site about nothing
he #geeked up
hey girl! Your mousepads look great in Real Simple this month!!! Congrats!
looking for beats for next mixtape send some heat to my email roundtablegenerals up north down south dont matter IRS IRS
Wow, is it just me or does Paul's Twitter avatar look really skinny?
About to murder someone at work. Good thing I work from home on Fridays...the streets would run red with the blood of careless coworkers!
easy to spin those front wheels huh?
no way. That's dope!
We don't own our social environments. Our fans do." from
Hey hello there!
EVERYONE FOLLOW THEY WILL ALL FOLLOW BACK!
Wade was worse, nigga played like a bitch today
“: Apparently according to Bets, LSU fans will kill your grandma in the parking lot after raping her...Right,
Way to go Marquette!! Let's finish this Wisconsin!
at first I thought you said in dead but then I found out you meant indeed...-_- lml
and i want u...
Phila Inquirer previews AAM conference = Topic A, B, C, D: money: is.gd/v0Q5. I, for one, hope to have some discussions on other topics.
Rick Flare Dont Ever Need To Cry !
Had dinner at Bully's East in San Diego. Was as good as the food we photographed there. We'll definitely go back.
Impossible. I don't believe it. Just like I don't believe in fairies... except the ones that scare the Yeti.
Jesus Christ is...way...truth...life
Let's Go Heat
I'm giving myself a Me Day :) yayyy
Okay? we can make another still lmao
Do you even know how beautiful & sexy you are?
#WeDontLikeYou tee time bitches
that's awesome! He is so great!
oh now this ones good
On the way to the mall jammin to justin bieber <3
Stop in and see us, say the word, and get 50% off some cool froyo on this hot summer day!
any new stuff you are up to? :)
I really want to break 100k
Thanks for the RT!
Nevermind, I was downloading starcraft starter edition. I'll stop until I go to bed tonight.
Why did the Philharmonic disband? Excessive sax and violins
I bet he sings along too...too effin cute
Wow! Totally honored -- honored -- to be included on your list. Thank You. cc
Today is the day i want to go out! Not stay home with my mom
It's 3 days since my tweet to & still no reply. Guess they don't care for customer service.
"Marty, you have to come back with me!...where?...Back to the Future!"
Ladies dont depend on a man when your kids are dependn on u. Ijs
you're so sweet. Thank you! We're glad you found our youtube too! Hey follow our personal & Thx!
let's hope Ron Paul takes second.
My girlfriend is leaving for a week I'm really bummed
nothing right now just thinking
The more time im in school the shorter the time for me to get on with my life...
you rock!
Thanks! Would have a better time if I wasn't going to sit in a puddle for 3 hrs. But it will still be fun.
I'll be rocking the red tonight. How bout that Sawx victory!
Congrats to and for the award to GMR!
I really miss having fridays off
you will die a slow and painful death
It's a beautiful day here, in my neck of the woods.
Thanks for coming & sharing pictures of Circus-palooza fun yesterday.
I know I do Im sorry pooh who u goin wit
You females are more then just a sex toy carry yourself like it.
Cuddling on my couch with a good book >>
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
What's up with that Mc Donalds breakfast ! Lol
Game 3 is going to be off the hook. GO MAVS!
Boy, you needs to git you some REAL Mexican food.
going to signed autograph with on Macy's plaza 750 W. Seventh St. Los Angeles, CA 90017 at 9:30 am on Monday :)
Only Fuk Wit Chick That Got Shit Too Loose
On pre-sale for just 1 more day! RT : 'Family Tree' is still available for just $12 www.tilteed.com
wishin that you come outa that closet?
thanks I look forward to expanding US-Russia sister city relationships
Oh my Kobe!!
Excited tonight for my country at hand, that mistress of mine, France. If even a naive dream elected- what are we without dreams?
Most boring day of my life.
winky faces are kinky
RT DC; cherry blossoms in full pink pyrotechnic bloom. Humbling & convincing. 3rd great prayer, after Help, and Thanks, is Wow!
Gotta hand it to the NY Rangers.. good lord!
Trendy Accessories at www.shop.justmeboutique.com
You kno you're a poker player when you try to type "right" to someone and it autocorrects it to "KhJh"
Ok #dallascowyboys it's in your hands now. Take the NFC east by storm!
RIP Dick Clark
Rosie O'Neil will be in the CCAS Boardroom at 3:00 p.m to talk about the IBD program!
#parenting You are your child's best toy. The most valuable and inexpensive toy is the relationship you have with your child.
Probably want more flat at the top unless we want to flip... I'd rather just catch air and cruise... Especially for the electric.
Everyday I'm shoveling! Thankful for the snow blower that came with our house.
That's very feminist of you, Big Brother. Will have to check her SHOW out. Thx for the tip.
Hunny I'd do ya, so aim high, know how pretty you are, and as you get older the self esteem thing gets easier
: omg!! A real tweet!
": I give up. Back to using Twitter a lot less. This is getting moronic." Or hang with fewer morons?
Hey - time to start cheering for Loes!!!
Half priced tacos is a perfect way to start the new year! :) what do you like on yours?
ill be panda express but you the Panda
WHO WOULD BE WATCHING THE OSCARS WHEN THE ALL STAR GAME IS ON!!!!!
Great. Now no bruins OR Red Sox.
Friday the 13th! It's going to be a great one, lots to do and no time to hesitate on anything. Yowza Madre!
Sometimes it's necessary to go a long distance out of the way in order to come back a short distance correctly. ~ Edward Albee
Brew House tonight in NHP, NY! 9PM to close, 21 and over/ID at the door!
::Treading Lightly::
Wood-Ridge NJ police are on the 300 block of Union Avenue investigating the homicide of a man who was found dead inside a home.
I am attempting to build more support for Milwaukee Soccer. Even at the Amateur level.
& on the #innovation future of automotive #manufacturing 7pm tonight at Plush St. Louis
RT : RT : Mobile marketing technically refers to any form of messaging or advertising targeted at portable devices,...
the day went by fast
congrats on Celeb App. I have 2 know what lipstick r u wearing on RhONj at shore house in beginning? Xoxo
I never realize how hungry I am until posts a picture on Instagram.
agreed. I usually have my reasons - your view belongs to you :)
If GK doesnt start JaVale next game I already look forward to reading your tweets
Sorry I dont think I ever paid enough attention to what he said to notice his dialects
if you don't tell four square where you are then no one can find out where you are from four square. That's what I meant.
* hehee , im petty .
Wine bottles made into lamps! Or ... RT What's your favorite #upcycle, #recycle, or #repurposed #diy project idea?
One of our students' on KTLA 5! giving back to cancer research :-) such a good kid! Yay!
GOP debate: truth and grace. Wait, both of those are currently in question... #whatwouldDFdo?
love it bro!! You going to dump your protein down throat!!!
Today is going to be the longest day of my life
I just about when his musics on the radio &' when the fans wanna trend something . other than that, I just talk about his music &' thats it.
WE ALSO HAVE MODERN GOING ON TONIGHT AT 7:30!!!
awesome! thanks for letting us know!
Sadly. In other news maybe going to see the Avengers tomorrow or Wednesday.
does it ever make a difference?
it's your birthday??if it is HAVE A HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!THE HAPPIEST OF YOUR LIFE!
lol he'll end up letting you .
I had a Dick's cheeseburger, fries, & chocolate shake for lunch today. It was delicious! Shoot what you had. Tomorrow: change your pic.
“ Appreciate it tell your friends to follow me and I'll follow them back.”
There's going to be some changes in my way of scheduling clients. I'm just going to have to suck it up and stick to the master plan.
Q: In Ariana's bio, it says she likes to dress like a ___ __ girl♡
My throat kills. Ugh. 😲
Too Funny..being retired..now have same confusion:-)>
IN REAL LIFE, i wouldnt get a tv show if i got pregnant, i would get beaten.
I think should come to Washington DC, Maryland. I live 2 1/2 hours away, but I would drive just to meet him and see him live!
Eating at the Firefly...this place is way too "upper-class" for me! Haha
RT : So excited is following me! Can't wait to check out the festival for my first time this summer.
I'm sexy.
Remember Herbstreit saying B1G=MAC in 07? And nowhere did I make the argument that the #SEC wasn't No.1 for the last year......
At least is wasn't a bitmap.
That is the most New Yorker-y article about a thing that only the New Yorker cares about.
Thank you! That seemed to do the trick. (And, no problem manually entering credit cards. Just something I don't want to do!)
Planning something very exciting for the #MazdaRoadtoIndy drivers of ! You won't want to miss it :)
A guy that post more pictures of himself on Facebook then you do #notokay <
follow me then :)
RT : Wow! Can't believe it! This year has been a dream!
"Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
11:11 ❤ bestfriend tell people to follow me ima tell people to follow You YOLO
Fred Meyer in Portland decides to get rid of plastic bags starting Aug. 1. What do you think? Good idea or bad?
Could monday come sooner please!
True. But the children...?? They are NOT going to be around forever.
Dolphin with my niggas
Yes!! I would Love to do Film, but I Love Theatre as well, so I'm going to have to find a way to juggle both coasts!
RT : RT : I'm not good at keeping stuff to myself.
YES YES OH MAN. I CRIED A LOT.
Only Source of Knowledge Is Experience, Git Busy!!
lol this is true. Have a good #stpats day! Don't die.
Just ask her <3
I'm swirling away into a black abyss called the back of my eye lids. ;)
ok so today wasnt a bad day getting ready for school !
One Minute Of Kissing Burns 26 Calories. No Wonder Those Sluts Are So Skinny.
#inside why is on this show?
The problem with Yanks is they are wimps,
I can't even watch this anymore since I have to watch the Cubs feed, so glad we didn't go to the game tonight.
LOL. I feel the same when riding my bike through my neighborhood. I almost got hit by some moron two days ago.
What's on your Christmas list?
anyone out there intersted inonline or live poker coaching feel free to hit me up 816 726 8938 . my biz section will be up in a dew days!!
sure am!
I can't wait until I'm out of school and its only the morning..
Trust me, everything's going to be alright. There's not a day Austin failed me, and this time he still won't. He's going to make me us even
If I see one more blonde woman driving a Suburban that she doesn't know how to park I'm gonna have to get all Kanye up on someone's ass.
haha...we will find out
those rapids are in for some rough riding!! Come hang w and me!!!
haha I'd be alot nicer if I was getting paid for it
bro, we need to spice up that website... Gimme a holla some time
bye ashley. Watching smash now too. Ciao bella!
It's chalk. I assure you it isn't permanent.
Hey!! Like the new pic!
ok time to crash night all.
katin, do the right thing and follow ya boi
Tired as fuck
Clare Coleman: Feds pay 90% of family planning health care including contraception, they DO NOT pay 90% for pediatric care.
Nope, it was in response to the "Evil Empire" (NYY) RT : sure Raider Nation is the undisputed "Nation" originator!
Thanks for the follow!
Learn to play pieces efficiently in half the time it would normally take. But, make sure to also give yourself some time (cont.)
omg #brewcrew. givin me a heart attack in this bitch
Fact: the minutes that pass between waking up and the first cup of coffee are each 120 seconds long.
I am glad to have to go to see modern dance with. It is important to have an expert be visibly not impressed sitting next to you.
hi bby hi
FASHION FORWARD: THIS SUMMER BATHING SUITS WITH VESTS ARE TRENDING
oh forreal what u bout to do then
I wanna sleep but then i dont :-)
Today's #Pricing Tip: Many online consumers more often than not buy based on price or at least are very price sensitive- price accordingly!
I like to believe I'm honing my trolling for when next season begins
My life is too freakin' complicated..
Well technically you'll get the free food but, I'll place my order through you.
lol! Girl between the weaves and braids I can't believe it...but my hair grows too fast through the braids Smh
i was watching #NEVERSAYNEVER it makes me cry every time i see it i dont know why<3
I haven't seen a call that bad at Yankee Stadium since...every day. These umpires should be drawn, quartered and fed to a pack of donkeys.
I'm just sayin. I don't consider him a qb guru anyway. Farve woulda been great, Hasslebeck was good & Brunell was avg.
is it Gyu? If it is it looks so delicious.
Jon Fitch vs. Aaron Simpson coming to UFC on Fuel 4 this July!
Trying to decide if I want to be a juke box hero or a pinball wizard
Yeti music 2012
I think you may want to be in a Google hangout at some time, so I'd keep it. You can't get back your user name (so I've heard).
Spent 4 hrs at auto dealerships today. Customer experience of buying a car is terrible. Opportunity for major disruption? Any suggestions?
Its so fckin hot.
If lebron really wanted a championship he would've just made those freethrows.
Just noticed Jen royle blocked me. So she insults you then blocks you when you retaliate? And all of Baltimore are the classless ones. Ok.
Enjoy your meal and thanks for sharing your Friday lunchtime with us!
Yayyyyy =)RT This weekend was wack. EP next weekend! (: should be fun.
awww baby we love you too <3
Awww I miss you too neighbor! See you next week!
I thought this was easy win for the #saints but the #49ers look good!
RT #EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho annoys the f*ck out of you.... you just want to beat them up. >_<
welcome back!
Being sent to the tardy room in R8 because you already took you ECA in your assigned room earlier that day. <
Plastic Surgery Slumber Party.
karma has no deadline.
If only u knew...
Man people are really optimistic about me going down to florida
Going globally soon. www.joborworker.com
And the winner of the 50% off Groupon code is !!! Just send us a DM to get your code!
Heading to Las Vegas today for the #ASA2011 meeting! Hope to see you all there, and don't forget to visit at Booth #306 for 20% off!
Happy birthday!
Look at the numbers. 100, 000 progressives would assure that Dems control Senate, Governor, & Presidential majority.
U fony asian pig...u look lyk a fucking whore from bangladesh...ppl cant even c ur face u bastard...
Now Following ...
Yellow Thunder Media has a platform that “seeds” your videos to rank on YouTube charts. They run campaigns for enterprise level clients and…
Hearing there was a body found in the woods behind ARINC this morning. You guys hear anything?
Going to Cooking Up a Cure tonight #CUAC2011! Looking forward to seeing Beautiful people!
talking about oral sex in my TA english literature class
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 4
i have mine next week which is werid...
WOW Y AM I A FAQ.
men & women spend more time trying to figure out the opposite sex than figuring themselves out.
books on my devices are "bound" by code-who's gonna privilege thread & glue?
Thank you everyone for all your get well wishes!
Hm I've been told I make a pretty mean biscuit and gray from scratch even :)
Apparently 6:30 is my new wake up time. Yay...
Good morning :) looking at my schedule. The weekend of February 4 looks good to me!!!
point I'm trying 2 make is this team needs & always has needed fan support to be successful. We haven't backed up good seasons...
I knoow. I woke up at 7pm and have been playing Batman : AC since. This sucks D:
Lindsay: There is no accurate reporting on how often Ambien causes adverse effects, but it was prescribed 23 million times in 2008.
Lovely day is ending with #HeavyRain and bad #storms. :( Ready to go home and have a hot cup of coffee & snuggle my blankie and read!
Its so funny when you see certain batta foot know nothing yard gal, get a pair of red bottoms and now reckons there prestige or high class
thanks, I hear the thick frames can bump you up 15 IQ points!
like to think of Baby Jesus as a mischievous badger.
sexy like a chocolate strawberry!
Just finished up eating the best scallops my husband has cooked yet.
#math “: My cousin's pit had 9 pups but one died so its 8 now”
Networking at Mile Hi Stadium was crowded & long lines. Tour was GREAT! Met interesting colleagues to stay in touch with
RT : Ticket prices going up real ass soon. Save bux and get tix now! www.freepresssummerfest.com
forty love
m Brussels sprouts are awesome!
always stop by for a fabulous convo
also a 3-2 pitch, if I remember my saddest sports memory correctly.
If you're over 18 years old and still getting grounded, I see no reason to have you in my life.
Hey happy birthday!!!!!
I'll consider it. However, my present advertising budget is a negative number.
i'll be a judge this evening at the elbo room in san francisco. come out!
I need a really inexpensive place ($150 per week or less) to stay while I search for work. Suggestions?
This Thursday : Gypsy Jazz at 1905 Restaurant : 2 Guitars, VIolin, Bass and Vocals. Show starts at 9pm. No Cover.
get off my timeline
so glad i got to hang out with yesterday :) can't wait to get her to Charlotte!!
Is very sleepy. Wish I didn't have to work. Damn
swagged out today
i make it 5k with 500 behind he pushes flatter folds i call he has 1010 flater says i folded an ace i miss
Got 119 million dollars? You can buy Edvard Munch's "The Scream" for your dorm room.
im finna make a song today ion care
By his wounds you have been healed. 1 Peter 2:24b,
Don't judge me by my skin color!! Lmao
ha we walked and i was like that was so awkward ... lol so what you doing??
Bo Van Pelt might win us low round
Reading Churchill's Memoirs of WW2 and his admiration of FDR really stands out.
today i dissed this hater. they said justin was a man whore. and i got so pissed that i HAD to say something.
Royce White is one good player but he may need a 25+ pt night of Iowa State has any chance. Does have 6 already
Sometimes you have try not to care, no matter how much you do. Because, sometimes, you mean nothing to someone who means everything to you.
Anyone try Google My Drive yet? Looks like it "replaced" GDocs, much like the G+ Photos replaced Picasa Albums
Evening shoot here in-studio with at the helm...
Chief Michael Maloney was set to retire next week.
2things about Mr.Dennis's tests: 1)he never tells you when youll have one 2)you dont remember learning any of it
iSpeedShop at #swdc10 showed fantastic work for the weekend and was able to see there is a clear bullseye for a target market: Men!
not sure where that figure came from.
your welcome
Derek I cant save these females
I agree. I said after his rookie year he'd never win a ring. And I'm sticking to that.
Avengers was sold out. Damn. Seeing Dark Shadows instead. Hahahah.
Opening day at Fenway! Anyone going to the game?
lol! Ur not being realistic. Ur just upset. They really are. It's just Westbrook.. Lol
Time to change your password. Spammers are using your account to send out DM's.
I wish would tweet me !
I dont think the word hot truely explains it...how is everyone else in the country feeling?
Robbie Cano, don't ya know?!?!?! Ok, no more baseball updates today. Must work. Ah, Fukudome!
I have a fox on my head
Glee Concert in Sacramento - Need a ride? Call J's Taxi Dispatch of Sacramento 916-501-8171 Get 20% off your ride! Don't pay parking!
OLLY! 18 days till i see you in Chicago! i can't wait for this!
RT : Bargaining with the #truth doesn't change the outcome of the struggle. It only gives you the temporary illusion of control.
can someone help me get more followers..awk everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! hehe ucanhelp
Men always want to be a woman’s first love – women like to be a man’s last romance. ~Oscar Wilde
Love seeing people from my past
#NCAAFinals single digits maybe!
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy followers! <3
Gonna see The Avengers with + !
I wish there was a delete button on people so I can get rid of people I dont want in my life
Jersey Shore needs more Situation and less of everything else
Did you know when you ask for something - your brain immediately starts to figure out how to get it for you? Today's Text You "I want____"
what a pefect night for cocktails and dining. 90s next few days. Enjoy today..
well said lyric
Thanks to for putting on, as always, a great TechCafe event last night. cc
love that part I was rofl and cryingㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
RT : Q6 What are some of your goals for
The thunder almost reached lawlers law in the 3rd!
If Austin come to Indonesia, I'll beg my mom to buy me the ticket and I'll beg my mom to et me to see you
Great stuff my friend thank you for following
Love this, Mohamed.
says #Facebook is about communicating with customers you already have, not generating new customers
Where you at ?
INSIGHT-The market squeeze, metals traders beat regulators
Have fun Mom! P.S. I love that you're on twitter ;-)
Everyone's singing We Are Young right now. LOL
It's a beautiful day outside! Family dinner-fried chicken-Yeah
Wait I think I need a vacation.....
tweet and make my TL more interesting.
Sore throat and a fever. Ugh.
If I had xtra day here, that's EXACTLY what I'd do. Not go back to the beaches or lakes, or take ferry to Victoria
Yup. But I'm tiny so don't expect me to drink like u. 2 beers would do me justice.
Tonight is the perfect night for a cocktail since i have to pick days now and shit. Dont workout until 730pm. what on?
Their most unidentified object - a woman's handbag
Happy Birthday!!!!!! Hope You Enjoy Your Day Despite The Weather !
just saw some pics of Justin Bieber's 'Baby Momma' I'll be laughing my...off when he sues her for telling a bunch of crap to the whole world
is on its way to sunny
Right on! me too!
Interesting... deeper view than early categorical perception/correct discrimination analysis.. is it?
I want to make a Harry Potter altered book!
Just got professional confirmation that I "destroy" food! cc:
Didn't expect id spend my night reading for 5 hours but I'm finished. Thanks regenbogen
Last night's #whhlallstars special was CRAZY fun! Is it time to create a housewives version of Battle of the Network Stars?
you guys are crazy in that fun gaming kind of way
- that Cowboy Dawg was AMAZING!!!!
. Look both ways before opening a door?
Getting a borat text from makes the studying all worth while! Visiting home in 9 days #cantwait!!
LOOKING FORWARD TO BILLIE BEING BACK ON DAYS HUGS FOR YOU
Took an AWESOME class @ Colorado Free University (Denver), taught by Charlene Murphy about Twitter for your Business
Did Pierre LeBoner get called for high sticking on a regular basis?
I disagree I don't think he can hold a tune it sounds like a cross btwn mumbling and constipated while playing a drop d gtr
It's what happens when you're terrible for a long time in the NBA.Hoping Mil can stop teetering and just suck or win
Your Twitter handle is awesome. OWN IT, right?! Takes the sting from those who think this is a hilarious epithet.
The new Brian McKnight song is too good
can you describe the earrings a little better
d* homie yhu aint been on here in ah minute.
Thanks for the shout!
Make all necessary repairs–sew sagging hemlines, replace missing buttons, fix split seams–before cleaning & storing for the season.
Ok guys who's it gonna be taking home a ring tomorrow? Guess right and win an indigo gift!
Gus' performance in the season premiere cemented his role as "my personal demon."
I agree. Idk what's gonna happen with the finale.
Absolutely; it's for a great cause!
YES. This film is going to age so well.
better win!
Happy B-day
Sleepy time
Yeah good. I should win too. Got Jennings vs. Peterson tonight. Come on 3-7 lol.
- I'm puking with jealousy you, you, Nerf Herder! ;-)
Do you ever wonder if falling out of bed in your sleep is caused by the most lame poltergeist ever?
Late night dessert hunting in East Village with and
nothing like listening to a little backspin to get your day started #np Nelly air force ones
"Mosquitoes are attracted to people who just ate bananas.." B-A-N-A-N-A-S
Someone hid my grits
lol I'm tired if people talking about every move the players make . I don't even have to watch the game to know what happen .
...queuing our UniversalSoul divine destiny with the sweetness of mornings dew. © dmp
Is ready for the Mayweather/Ortiz fight and hopes it's better than that ridiculous early stoppage in the Alvarez/Gomes fight.
hahaha I just saw that!!! What a weirdo
what's with all the muppet movies lately?? Now there's a xmas special??
I wish I had more self discipline
Wtf? Is anyone having Twitter/Facebook connectivity issues?
happy last day of being 20 !!!!
Bree mama deserted us...
Foundation Medicine tumour sample sequencing; 750x depth of coverage standard
heey :) thank you so much <3
SWOP is doing a similar project to your 'respect' project, just found it today, AWESOME!!! Have you seen the steppingstone.com?
brevity! (thx!). I'm doing it w Modern Times, tho I like the idea of "bringing in sthg hilarious"
Summer kickball team name "My Couch Pulls Out, But I Don't" Can't wait for the season to start!
can't wait to drink Baileys out of a shoe with tomorrow at KEXP!
"Just wanted U to know I got a bogus DM from your accounts less than 24 hours ago." ~ Solomon
im still saying yo..like im in DC
Experts recommend watching your trees for stress signs, watering properly and, if their situation gets worse, calling Just Trees. 467-8733
gary comer is whack !!
OH re : "I had dreams of running through pulled pork fields while it rained house sauce" LOL funny i had same dream - c u @ lunch
#uppers Pres. Obama has had his character questioned at every point. So, Romney's shouldn't be?! I think not.
(Also, just to make sure it's clear, you could get set up now with credit card processing if you'd like to try it.)
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.- Vince Lombardi
: Already used one! I'm hoping for another cleanse this afternoon. I'm lucky to work remotely, but I'll be in DC plenty
Does not like Giants inside redzone
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A.A. Milne
Thanks Marissa out in Downey for calling in to and spreading the Bday love! You rule.
When will michelle Rodriguez get her big dance movie break?
shut up
is so cute lol
We are closed today to share in the reverie! Happy Mardi Gras to everyone!
I'm surprised my heart didn't stop today. On top of my 24 oz coffee, little did I know that Midol has a bunch of caffeine too -____-
There's at least 150 orchestra kids....all playing at once....but not the same song
literally on my iphone is boosie, meek, and webbie
I think at one or another most of the guys starting thinking to much. I know Poe seemed to be thinking and retraining himself.
[Num14:28]As truly as I live saith the LORD, as you have spoken in my ears, so will I do to you: + [Isa57:19] I create the fruit of the lips
hell yes you have to it's the only way
Who would you help if you won the #640million? top my list.
I'm watching METROPOLIS: RESTORED. I've never seen this movie.
If you still need a #BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket NOW is the time to get it. Marquette AMU 137... Here until 11pm! $25.08 cash only!!!
"Dont make me make you fall in love" -
strike that. Filner just offered a job in his administration AGAIN.
That's great! Productive mornings tend to set the mood for the day!
RT“: That picture of Bette Midler in a tub of baked beans... it brought two of my favorite things together.”
vampire Elena will be fun
R.I.P Jim Marshall
ok then, any interesting guys hollering at u?
that's crazy!
Responded to FIRE @ 7 Spring St, Port Henry, NY 12974. Red Cross auto update.
in a friendship or relationship if you dont have trust ...whats the point
great meeting you yesterday
come through, the ny shamrocks would love to have you. we played a polish team at mccarren today. next match in two weeks.
Twitter is here to stay. Getting solicitations from porn sites. Facebook did it. Craigslist did it and now Twitter. Hello new followers!
#SLAMR GIVEAWAY ALERT! Chek our #fb page & tell us your team name. We're giving away (2) $50 gift cards! on.fb.me/n3rv3v
But When I try to speak words won't come OUT!!!!!!!!! #KaraokeWithRyan <3 <3
Because it makes no sense to sit a year AND give up a year of eligibility.
AP Stats makes me so sleepy!
I haven't unfortunately... I hope there were no unfortunate racist incidents at the local fruit stand
Go Tribe!
Seriously. omg i don't even know what to think
Holy Smokes! pun intended RT : I've also enjoyed every cruise we have taken, short of the one that caught fire and burned!
Watching an incredible performance by
Thanks for the follow - something is soon coming up on getclassical
There is about an inch of snow in Fells Point. Very quiet.
On the bus I'm shaking I never done this before but I couldn't miss in my city Denver 303.
Serving lunch SPECIALS today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut starting at 11:30.
and its bday weekend too him and will be joining us
so incredible! It should have at least a million hits!! :)
ANd with that, I'm done for the weekend. Hope you all have a nice couple of days, and I'll see you again on Monday!
What, really? “: Freeney traded to the Patriots?! For a 4th round pick this year and a 2nd round pick next year?!”
mayweather wont do it
Love my daughter!
In some parts of Ireland, if a woman eats a four-leaf clover while thinking about a man, supposedly he will fall in love with her.
LETS GO BRUINSS! :)
Figure flattery: Nipped waists, peplums, belted coats and A-line skirts and dresses @ Jill Stuart. Ooh la lace, sheer and florals, too. LOVE
Sugar can cause tooth decay. Did you know that a 12-oz. soda has an average of 12 tsp. of sugar in it?
Jk I don't have friends
Good night Twitter, sweet dreams to all.
#dontstopbelieving that there will be a cure
my attitude is based on how you treat me...
I think the Leviathan are kind of like the Borg. They are connected - it's one monster, not multiple. They are like an infection.
As soft, delicate, and indestructible as a feather...I love being born with a woman's soul.
"I'm Going" buttons, huh? Where'd you come up with that idea? :)
I'm totally down for a road trip.
What's up with the bombsquad outside my ? Any idea?
Eh I don't really know haha no reason I guess
is giving away a $50 gift card today (good at Paesanos, Pronto & Uncle Vito's). Please follow us & help her spread the word!
RIP Whitney Houston! Definitely a Music Icon...So sad :/
George Jean Nathan~ There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
thoughts on or to play the 12th doctor after matt smiths 11th?
Amanda Knox - not guilty. Pretty amazing, safe returns to her.
It is characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
yes! we toast ms with a big ol glass of champagne in the AARP hood. You all have great HH places.
I use my phone ;)
"Sometimes the beauty of life / Hits like lightening washing everything clear/ And these dimmers of doubt flicker/ Fade out and disappear"
i'm sure you will, looking down your nose at your less victorious but equally awesome competitors :) &
You'da thought that Tony Parker and Manu and four rings woulda taught the world that wouldn't you? Sometimes we're just slow.
right!? Like...nigga what you doin' right now??
I dunked in high school, it's been awhile though
Working knowledge of C++, Linux, Unix, Java  Preferred
OK so I am thinking of taking on a design job. Are there any #Joomla Gurus out there that could shed some light on the security of it.
Weird Food Habit #53: Refusal to properly heat leftovers & thus admit I'm eating them. Instead, one cold bite on every pass through kitchen.
My Aunt is so wacky! RT : Still need 700 more umbilical cords for my performance art piece tonight. Please RT!
So excited for my first HouseParty application!
hey chris (;
Your slides are gold! Can't wait to get them after class. Thank you for speaking to us!
i got them this week to bring down for the weekend so i intended to!
are you making a face at us??
Lemolo (LemoloMusic) thanks for the follow.
Been wanting to see
"I can't stand all these sparkly unicorns riding their chariots in heaven!" (Dude at Lightning Bolt show, Detroit, 2002)
I was takin a nap damn I cant take a nap on a rainy day???? We dont do that anymore when we in are mid 20s?
Glad to hear it, Alan.
YOU are awesome! Thank you so much for the support! xo
Life is simple...we are the ones who complicate things.
I see thanks I posted thx on your wall ¦ )
“The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.” ~Unknown
Liz Allen: Accountability and responsibility are key components of contemporary def'n of authorship
that's awesome. I want tats but I'm to skinny lol. I need to start hitting the buffets :)
probably not worse. Should have hired Jon Koncak at least. He is younger & could sell the 4500 seats Brown hire might sell
i am not going to lie i would love to see them beat the hell out of Oklahoma. I hate them so much !! Lol
Don't judge me mayne.
I'm not digging 's comments about today. He may have lost some Wisconsin listeners today.
Casher bowl picks.... Byu, iowa st, mississippi st, oklahoma.
#educationnation this thread is very interesting/informative. i wish i could have this type of convo with my co-workers.
Dammit. That's what I wore last night, in Chicago, no less. RT : I hate sport coats with button up shirts, jeans and dress shoes
hahaha i wish i was staying up all night doing anything BESIDES reading this book! but thats what i get for slacking!
Love Love Love!
I making funnies. Don't correct my grammers /twitch
I need more ink!
I think it's a good idea
have a good one!!!!
Got home at midnight. It's 7 am and still haven't slept.
i have think u gave me the wrong number.
Tomorrow is DC! So excited! And what made that even more exciting? Knowing that i have 100 followers! #LuvUGuys! <3
The only thing negative about Trader Joe's is the saggy old snatches who don't share the aisles, inside and in the parking lot.
FUUUUUUUUk coffee machine is broke!
damn B where u at
Yeah, BID's are diff. It's PBID's and poss. CBD's when public/res. property owners start objecting.
I'm such a good dancer..
that always happens to me. but srsly. I need to go to Minnesota
It was excellent stuff! Thanks for your investment!
haha, no ma'am I ran just around the block, I don't like to go to the gym by myself people stare.. And it gets akward! :o
agreed! Thank you!
Go and follow shes new
Oh heck! My Klout has fallen! Why? And what the hell is Klout anyway?
I would like to thank everyone for their vote and support. I also want to thank my wife, Beth, and all of my family for their support too!
understandable! I'll watch that doc tomorrow!
RT “: And a fashion icon. RT : I guess Matt Kuchar is a Republican”
Follow me please!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
also Mahalia Jackson Theatre is participating in "Banner Day"... wish we could have been there today ;( work called.
But hey, I'm still the bad guy, right?
Sounds good. Hopefully things calm down in June
I did it last week. LOVED it. Can't wait to do it again.
I love Barry! Did U C the special the other night on locker break-ins in Indy b/c of the show? stealing treasure! :O
i just had sex by akon
had a buddy use icyhot because we convinced him it was like a blowjob in a bottle.
My rescue dog Fancy is in need of some Twitter love. If you are an animal lover won't you consider following ?
Kidding. I don't think the chain will ever make it there. By the way, did Starbucks ever break into Italy?
Happy Holi-daze!
happy hour till 9m $2 Miller bottles, $1 PBR & $3 TALL rails. PACKERS kick off. That is great to say, feels right. Cheers
no, not yet. Bring me a shot? Lol
I’m excited to see what the future holds and how EVMS will thrive under his leadership.
you from europe
Morning Rockstars! > The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
Not an excuse, but I wonder if this day being on a Sunday has turned a lot of people's April Fool's Radar off.
Super Lockman Service are all set to help you with world class professional locksmith services around the clock
been too long need to get dinner I'm back in town. Stoked Ashlandhigh.com is in effect! R
time to see if the party of "no" has used the last 2 yrs to figure how to fix the mess they made the previous 8!
Go super excited when I saw in the audience on
Hahaha ... Rick Perry's favorite movie is The Conspirator, because all of the "bad people" get hanged in the end. He's a murderer!
Cuddling weather..
so keep up the tradition
…These days, if you write “would’ve", you look like a frickin’ genius.
do you book your trip through someone specific that helps you with the allergy planning or u do it all?
um #fuck you now get out my life
You're right. I put the tweeting in bad driver.
thanks much for watching!!
...planned by the story before he was involved.
Shoulda had the hit and run on. Damn.
#RumorHasItThat you wanna get back together but i know better
Conversation with a beautiful woman >>>>>
SEASON.OPENER TODAY! 7PM at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County or watch live @ http:://www.n-xbl.com.
Right there with you guys. When you figure out your average age, let me know.
Thanks for the love , lord knows we're going to need some fashion tips on the journey!
WHY THE FUCK DO I HAVE TO GO AND RUIN EVERYTHING!?
Mom didn't realize you guys wouldn't get it. Her bad!
So happy the Spurs/Jazz will be on FXSHD, can't stand ESPN & all their BULL!! GO SPURS GO!!
Happy Mother's Day love!
This morning I am getting a red "Failed to enable Spotify social" warning. It worked fine yesterday. Any ideas?
# floridablue - Why, so often, do we let others measure our success? - Darrin LaCroix
RT : If you've never eaten at The Stanton Social in the LES, you need to correct that sh*t fast. Fantastic restaurant.
Yep! It's all about me! Karma put me at the top of her hotlist years ago. Sorry! Lol
#YouKnowYouLookLikeATwat when you get half way through your day at work and realise your jumper is inside out!
Such a fucking prick. Home for vaca now
You arms like towers, tower over me.
no room in my bungalow for you, but my schedule has big blocks to fill with PK time!
I hope i can make it to school tonite! I miss all crazy folks up there n need to get the fuk out my house!!!
Kentucky can suck it
Signing VY is a fucking stupid decision, and a disaster waiting to happen. If speaking my mind gets me unfollowed, c ya
Throw... Fuck you.
That awkward moment when you don't realize he committed to UCLA months ago, lay off the ganja.
‎I message someone, get no response, and am left feeling like an idiot
The more descriptions you put for your Google Places page listing, you can get higher page ranking - just use the right keywords.
Morning xx [: School -.-
What finals do we have Monday?
i am jeoules right now.all you need is a good glass of wine and some cheeses and youre set.what type of wine do you like
I am at the one in brea
Can't wait to make big bucks after school is over and then head to Mexico for the partys!
There has been carrot cake at least once during those six years!
WHY ARE YALL FIGHTING GUYS<3333
About to perform MicroInvasive Spine procedure using the MicroEndoscope. #back pain
Hopefully both. Apple claims to be intuitive, but people still have issues and questions, for example.
Mr. Sun is very bright this morning (:
yeah or it was actually Barney's wedding like said.
dont be fucking tell me what to do
Chapter 2012 Page 44 of 366 Keeping order w/o stunting creativity and spontaneity
It is fuckin freezing in Spanish !
Well, I don't think so. My perception of for many years is that they prefer the dark side.
can you please send me a message ,tweet me,or retweet please..i beg you :/ ♥♥
She Works Hard for the Money
I Got A Lot Of Living To Do Before I Die .
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life. ~ George Carlin
Happy Easter everybody!
#Myst is my favorite video game. You can't just turn gears and press buttons, but in a specific way - the whole game is a puzzle.
My secret is #tebowing after every tweet. RT : I think you have me beat by one. What's your secret?
Grinders Doin What We Do!
that underutilized #MARC College Park station mocks me every Wednesday night at 8:30 pm
Seriously people! Black, white and shades in between is all that's acceptable!
Man imma kill my mom
way to lay into #AIG jimmy!
so I shouldn't needle you then or keep misunderstanding your posts?
People sure love being retweeted. There should be a celebrity retweeting service.
IDK re a link. this AM they were talking about how for $500 to their Cap Campaign you can get two names on the wall.
lol i don't get it to much either. it bores me a lot of the times so i just don't put much attention to it lol
you think he would want to stay with a winner..
Ya think??
Catching some rays and Rod Stewart pandora..I could get used to this ☀
think people will finally realize the defensive problems in the infield (awful range, errors) after yesterdays game?
what are I talking abt? She's the best singer in the competition
what up? we need to reschedule that photo shoot
I thought sneezing and driving at the same time was rough---try eating and sneezing!
I love you too daniel , why don't you reply to me .
I love that song!
In July is another Teen Hoot! Please recommend me! Tweet 2 &/or that u would like 2 c me there! Please help me!(:
Lol! For real though RT : Come on Lala with this show... And the way Melo looks she should be pregnant every year... SMH
Hello hello hello! Good Night everybody! I'm back, what's up!
that look so much fun wait until i become an actress we r gonna hangout eeppp! cant wait that is my dream to be an actress like u
That message >>>> OMG.
she look old af tho lmao .. Where does the name came form !!!!
. With the summer ahead, I can focus on weekly precepts and mentor texts to accompany them.
Hungry Hackers. April 1-7 Be a part of the Hungry Hackers Campus Challenge. Find 10 access point "flags" and win up to $2000 in prizes.
Make sure to enjoy your food, sit down, relax and try to chew each bite till there is nothing left to chew. Body does't work right stressed.
Thanks for
I'm a potato..
you Already know! Keep that head up... Only a Real Boston fan can even talk with us... HARDWEAR says it all
Q0) joined an ILT as student, listening skills. Great class, learned new collaborative techniques
I dont give a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor. Instead, I give mouth hugs.
Saturday is pool day. Please hurry up.
Yes! and there is more to come esp. the end of the week.
Titanic in 3D!!! With and Dai!
First drive-in movie! #woohoo!
": Most of my ex's are mixed." Hm. So thts watchu like huh.? Lemme b ur nxt then. (: lol
bahahaha!! Best line of the whole movie.
What are we most excited about: our 30 leases as of today, or our Halloween costumes tonight? It's a hard call...
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate & Sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS. Mind = Blown.
Thanks for following us!!
i wanna come do that with you!
It's identifying with the circumstance, (eg I am out of work) vs just accepting it as temporary circumstance, that often keeps us stuck
At least it looks new!
We r back
Our generation, my generation, my people must turn from our evil deeds and obey the laws, each part
Hey Nashville only 1 more day to sign up for our newsletter and automatically enter to win a chance at winning 2 Holiday World tickets!!!!
oh yeah!!
Last day of at the Indian Institute of Technology -showing Flickr Gettr for Mumbai - stop on by ;D
Just made a super delicious stir fry with Yum!
Santa gets milk and cookies the reindeer get this "reindeer food" now I hear,hope they don't leave behind reindeer droppings
awww shoot I'm excited I know I betta c him!!!!
No ginger but myself.
Shout at the devil kiddos.
Can't wait to hear! MT : just in from invigorating day asking Seventeen Mag to start running unretouched photo spreads
and i do answer my phone when it rings unless Im sleep or not in the mood to talk
I think you need to check yourself before you reck yourself. LOL.
On my way home from awesome backpacking trip. Ironically, my iPhone had better reception on top of Cold Mountain than I get at work.
because I can..
don't do it fam. You make that double in a year. But it doesn't just to for extra gwap.. hm
Just another great day going down town to see the people should realy help out down there the kids are amazing
#InsantTurnOn when your nice,!
you're amazing. you make us smile everyday just by tweeting<3 tweeting us would make us smile even bigger. probably scream.
Thx - back atcha! RT : #FF -w/improvised narrative works, plays on the spot! #improv films, jams, more!
I know you were the best hotel roommate ever!
Fuck bitches get money they catch feelings n get ugly !
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt .
I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit.
Why is every #vimeo video I see so goddamn pretentious? It's a film student circle jerk. Moody music and 1080p do not get you into
you at MSET
Atmosphere Salons Danielle Valiente shares Last minute NYE Hair styles....See if one will work for you! Subscribe to her channel for more!
RT The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
But I know Jack Donaghy. He's no Jack Donaghy.
I think I'm just gonna play Sims 3 all day.
Lori was named one of the Dean Dozen during her 2004 campaign for Assembly. Another? in his US Senate race.
WTF Twitter get your shit together
let's have you back soon! :)
Yippee! Freedom awaits. RT Final is done for today. Two more tomorrow and the semester will be over.
Shoutouts to ! they rock!
Sarah Houghton tells of her experience at raising tech literacy of San Rafael Public LIbrary - staff and patrons
Non-linear video editing + real-time collaboration tools = no. Just imagining a shared editing timeline makes my brain hurt.
thank you dear april, don't feel much like a powerhouse tonight but God is forever good.
keep that shot on lockdown 🔨🔫
But giving it does guarantee that you will get it. But that is good reason to move on.
Went running even though it's such a hot and humid day in LA. I feel better though!
Still going with Utd for the title.
First day back home. Very nice.
Ew. That almost makes me want to cry. Still. Good luck and thank you for your past roaching-killing efforts.
GO Flyers & Kings
Trying to find something to do....ideas?
Proud to have been elected to Board of Greater Sissonville Development Council yesterday... Don'tcha be puttin no extra S in Sissonville now
. points out that Tor (who dropped DRM this week) is subgroup of Macmillan, which is a Big 6 publisher. Movement!
Sick with a nasty case of the flu. Nada on the 180 channels I have so I am watching The Walton's. Good old time fun or I am just very ill
you have to by your own phones
All day, every Monday, I have a "Make me an offer" sale. Make a resonable offer and it's yours. I'll throw in gift wrap too!
I really have to poo right now and this computer just said something about logdump. Not helping.
I think it's funny how we all hav friends comin into town this summer :D
good job mixing tweets.. gold star
check out www.villahol.com, the best villa rental site getting released soon.....
I gotta step my tweet game up
Please, people, don't spell Sjögren's Syndrome without the diacritical mark. It's very important. Please RT.
How's everyone doing? :-)
Thanks! We want to make sure you have plenty of time to make plans for next year. NYC bound!
It's hump day. Get humped everyone.
Good buddy,how are you and the family doing?!! Your boy is getting big!
oh yeah sexy?
Check out the Sweet Shirts we printed for Grambling State University! These shirts started as basic white T n we printed on the entire shirt
I wish I was going to the drake concert.. , wanna take me with ? 😉😘
#thatawkwardmomentwhen some guy starts taking to you about how he saw you at a restaurant last week & you've never talked to the kid before
oh! Got it! Step into the 23rd century. Put away your dell an android, and prepare to make life awesome! And easy...
OH YES SHE DID!
Thinking of making some kind of my own version of coq au vin for dinner tomorrow. I'm really into this cooking thing lately...
Our Drawn Dead Pro will be playing cash at the Bellagio today..wish him luck!
#UWOTitans baseball vs. UW Platteville with myself and coming up at the top of the hour.
#LBNL Sci Data Mgt group seeks summer student (grad or undergrad) for project in data intensive computing, on data mining.
UPS & I are about to fight if they don't get their ass here like now.
Be good to each other, and it will always come back!
We need a Turnover!
nice night for an RFI response...
I don't think I've ever been at work for just 8 hours
I follow back!
#bad news. Someone threw a rock into windshield.
Brian Stone: 97% of U.S. households has a television. Me: I am the 3%!
On a non-bookish note, glad I watched TVD last night. Otherwise twitter would be a dangerous place today.
I guess that's what I get for living near UWM.
Just started 2 learn #python. Need more practice but I really love it so far.
So I heard is mean...is that true ?? I hope not! He seems so funny! Lol
RT IT'S HERE TONIGHT!! THE OFFICIAL PREMIERE KICKS OFF AT 7:00 PM. SHOW IS COMPLETELY SOLD OUT!
:) and that is why I love you
ha! Dude! I am in new Orleans! I didn't even know about it!
aww I wish we could be there!!! I know you'll be super tan though:)
yeah, i hope they go to your city :) you deserve it
Check out the profile with infographic by & in 's latest BePollen:...
been there done that Hahahahaha
Great website, easy to find your strings & order, and good prices!
RT“: I will never understand why some guys feel the need to act like such a dick. and you wonder why you're single?”
Celebrating Labor Day by working, and helping others get work done.
if only I wasn't in my pjs an hour away :(
thinking ahead always saves you time! 👍
So pumped to play Ohio State Dance Marathon tonight!
Writing educational curriculums - what a world it is, where I can do anything I want.
Fuck Her So Good She Wana B My Customer !
Hey I got two tickets to the corn maze and hayride outside of Madison. Free to anyone with a smile:p let me kno
The biggest surprise tonight so far was learning that Courtney Thorne-Smith has a job
that would be wise, Super Geniuses usually can solve such problems
“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!
UofO or Arena League. The rumor of a classic look was so totally wrong.
Can I get a follow back from da king of memphis
hey, i just met u and, this is crazy, but here's my number who sings this song? Lol
Product simulations allow learners to get in on the action from anywhere, any time.
So much hate....so much respect lost
I love my team <3 good job girls
I enjoyed writing it. I just never really expected someone would want to read it. I wish Frank well on the editing.
thanks for the link!
Dan thanks for following us back! Hope u enjoy our #tweets and that you'll party w us soon!
We think it's worth the investment for the convenience it affords us. Thanks loads for your reply!
Hm. The March Madness app for iPad is epic-level cool, but twitter has less of a time lag.
Does anyone know a store that I can find cheap Cleveland Browns or Cleveland Indians bed sheets or c…
#honestyhour I don't have many friends :\
How about politicians focus on rebuilding America before we explore manifest destiny to the Moon. Is Newt serious?
watching some more #PrisonBreak waiting on the dryer to get done. Dang, it's late. lol
Any buzz is online forever but anything in print has a shelf life of a day, week or month -
Rat Race is on.. I love that movie!
Happy birthday, dad! Hope it's a lovely day full of chocolate cake. Sending you a big hug from New York!
I Maybe Young Right Now. But In My Life. I Always Know How To The Truth and Be Wise To My Fam, Myself and Especially To My Bestfriend Right?
The Beatles last night :D
#10ThingIHate putting gas in the car.
Thank you for folliowing Suburban Cowboys!
3 Ways To Attract Quality Men Into Your Life
The icing on the cake is that I'm still in 3rd place in both my pools!
. Somehow that is not a surprise.... knew they would roll out something ......
S/O to all our new followers we fux wid ya the long way!!
haha Daley IS a butt. Tell him I said WHADDUPP.. and thank you! Hows everything at the rock school?
I will have them back out there tomorrow to clean that out.
I'm there for everyone but when I need someone noones there.
Great shoot today!!!!
Damn! R.I.P #DonnaSummer smh!!
RT : $1 Bud Light Taps and all Bud Bottles. All Day!! Stop on in @ Rookies!!
Also, happy Free Comic Book Day (via for participating stores)
#ShoutOut right on for the follow back fam!
it feel so much better outside than n da house
You know its love when y'all dance together for a full song...
Feeling The Best Feeling Ever...<3
The days of living in the #web is closing near... The #Semantic #Internet is going to have A LOT of
The Rattlers never seemed to get on track tonight. V Gray was "dearly" missed
R.I.P. Dick Clarke. TV Legend. :'(
southern guys are the best and no i wont be bored and until that happens id like to be by myself
