a weekend full of block parties and community events!
ion forgive or forget .. i just move tf around .
Your A ★I LOVE YOUU
ok I know the girls describe n ill point u in the right direction :)
Gross Shot time! Not sure if Prairie Fire is gross or just painful: shot of tequila w/ Tabasco & pepper on top. Video or it didn't happen.
Regarding the naming of my mother's dog, whose name is Reba..."You shoulda named her Dolly, that bitch can yodel."-my sister.
I like unicorns <3
#thingsthedevilinvented obnoxious children!
Knew I could count on you.
YAH baby!! Same w/ ur roommie! All for sharing a great message!
You know it works when you burn yourself while curling your hair.
All of you voting NAY for racino are lame.
Man what a day coaches brought there A game today and thanks for the push!!!!
Outside, deep frying some fish fillets in the cold air, this Thanksgiving morning...! Yep... and frost still on the ground...! Wow.. Great!
Walk Away - Lara Fabian (with lyrics): via
This is message from friendstream.
thank you (:
Fast and furious 4 .. BOoty everywhere !
Hey Diego Dex, thanks for the retweet! You're a pal.
Caught me over seas flocka of Bitches blowin dank...
Dam this old lady fell off her bike lol dam it's not funny but u should have saw how it happen
during big games those 4$ thickets sell for hundreds
All Muslim countries have a baby boom generation right now. All great revolutions had baby boom generations behind them.
It wasn't enough. Don't get me wrong it was amazing. Best show Iv'e been to. But holy shit do I want to go again.
Indiana won, now it's time for us!
The Discovery #OV103 flyover is amazing! I'm not ashamed to say it's brought me to tears.
Only 29 days til Date for a Cure fundraiser for kids w #cancer! #LLS did you buy your VIP ticket yet?!
The girls in Lakoda Rayne all look beautiful! Oh and they sound great too!
Sexual dysfunction is closely associated with sexual homicide.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Yeah, I did like around 6 to ask if you were taking reservations for Sunday, and the girl's name was Samantha and I wasn't
AUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHH. :) All better now.
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu includes Sinebrychoff Porter and a Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast
hm maybe following me, on twitter of course ;), could help. Never hurts to try!(:
I'm breathing for a purpose.
Sometimes the templates in Publisher work well for a simple trifold. Ive worked w Econoprint to get them printed high res too.
Time for another rally Gents, do they have it in them?
The mofos rallying against gay marriage are the same folks that have no political stance on anything else.
going to bed. gn all
its that radio commercial where the mom says ” football is my favorite show!” Lol I got her a tebow shirt for her birthday
If happy ever after did exist. I would still be holding you like this.
Its cinco de mayo bitches
that game was mortifying. let's blame wine or something.
u rang?
I just cracked all my toes 
I hope okc send kobe home crying at his mj poster....
The sexiest curve on a girls body is her smile (: -- Lewis Amous . ()
Sure, but I find it very hard to believe that many of the million invitees weren't Egyptian... Especially those who RSVPed.
NO SKOOL 2DAY!! (: the district is closed!! (:
Scrapes, cuts, and grease all over my legs... good ride.
I love you with all my heart
Yes they will! :)
dont care if she got good pussy , jus as long as she got good credit !
I like staying the night at a family members house and talking to someone that's it.
2 black Cadillacs meeting for the first time
I think things are a little meager here as well...
Form follows function always
That's one way to begin a beautiful morning :)
Thanks for the retweet Richard!
Good thing I attacked myself with sunscreen!
I hate #maths with a
... with the donkey? I'd really like to meet the donkey too ... ;) Thanks for the RT! Thinking of going?
Time to get that Obama/Biden 2012 sticker
Heat lost this game but we not losing anymore games this that wakeup call
I've slept all day and im kinda tired now tfff
Happy Mother's Day
Continuing my Sunday morning tradition of ironing and #TheBigBangTheory marathon. I'm hard-to-the-core.
doing great Mal.. How've you been?
giiit it girl
Watching the DBacks play
GO YANKEES!!!! Have a great weekend!!
Faith, Hope, Truth, and Love, Kiki....... Live by that, and you have it all.
I never bitch about acting here, but getting a 12:20pm commercial aud sent at 11:30am same day is NOT OK! #SAG-AFTRA should not allow this.
why would I peace when my mom had already offered to get me food ?
Just @ Westwood Whole Foods Market doing a gluten free grocery tour. Yay!
who needs a radio?!
I hate when my parents know I have to be somewhere and they take forever to get home 😠
RT if you love Niall Horan, i will follow you :)
When for profit entities invest in non profit unis and "share revenue" what happens to integrity of curriculum & faculty?
I'm great! despite the fact that that's probably not the only one of your red flags I can relate to...hm. how are you?
Oosthuizen on his way to becoming most unheralded double major winner since Andy North.
hello, Your a cute Dog. ^^ who's your owner.?
- I was just talking about old BBSs last night. Anyone every play TradeWars 2002?
“Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection, we can catch excellence.” – Vince Lombardi
I haven't seen the numbers for other titles, but that's my sense. The industry took big hit in the 1990's and hasn't recovered.
French presidential candidate Francois Hollande bets on boring - Chicago Tribune
make that rookie of the year push and make Irving jealous
yea, you should have cause i did
Hello World
What kind of pie has beer in it? Sign me up.
I'm following ! Best children's books ever!
also congratulations!
Quarter finals!! Go Cammy!
Only one hour left of Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo! Make sure you make it count!
<~~~ Happy National Siblings Day! I love you, sisters!
You're welcome Laura! ^^ I love you too <3
who do you have?
We love to see y'all getting along!!
Apparently its frowned upon to make macho man jokes in aisle two at 7-11. Which reminds me, aisle two is officially out of slim jims.
New Mexico Satellite Man has a great antenna for bringing in the free local channels off of the Sandias. Call John - 350-6428!
Hitting the spots in #DTSA tonight.
Hot bubble bath too...
Also Go Texas. I don't have to hate since they are no real threat this year :-P
get my own place...but so want a roommate that would be fuckin awesome
You are looking wonderful tonight, Anita!
Thanks, love! :)
omg i have no idea hahah i dont think that question is worded right
/ Hey there... Your BUZhunt game stats are displayed below the game card panel. You've been BUZd by 6 targets so far!
:( feed your tummy
"Trust the Duck Luke" - Yoda
"...an expert on women in sport says the key to greater respect & support lies as much in the boardrooms & press galleries as on the field."
Cool fun fact!
Thanks for checking in! When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was. And follow us for perks and info!
Oh, and I believe that '08 "inevitable" candidate who lost Iowa also won New Hampshire before going on to lose the nomination.
Well thankss. I wish i had more time of vacation like you.! Haha
So pretty. I saw some at Lowes today but already in trouble with what I had in my cart. Hubby's going to take my card.
We live in Club Play
We're looking forward to regularly joining your Monday night #petchat! Do you have a "class attendance" sign-in?
Just completed Week 3 - Day 2 (completed 2.07mi with run pace of 10:53 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
I need some late nite text. Buddies
Talk on coleg suddenly switched from civilunions to Lobato, not a good sign IMHO. Nothing from nic or Eli.
thought you were putting out song?!
Snow in April ... global warming is a BIOTCH ain't it!
wondering why the customer service people at United aren't really into customer service.
it's okay . And sorry to hear that ;/
Get your creative mind back to working on that dormant money making breakthrough. Some folk need to eat. NspiredBy Proverbs 13: 2
where are you!
“: the awkward moment when your trying to go to sleep and your friend hasn't left yet.eh hem.. l” HAY PARTYS STILL HERE!
Wheels down BWI. Good to be home.
awe you're too kind
OWASP Orlando Q1 meeting went amazingly well. Huge thanks to and for presenting. Stay tuned for an awesome Q2!
you never really can fix my heart <3
you know people of said my band kinda sounds like them, wanna check us out :) ?
Hey what president would you want to hang out/ play hoops with?
Dylan Thomas's response: Scotch.
41,390 words down, 8,610 words to go! About to post my inspirations for two of the main characters in the series!
Decent first half. It's all about ball movement for us on offense and traps on defense
Vandross or Campbell? Because if it's the latter, I can see why you would wait until no one's there.
i am going to call u now
Yo Guys! Ive Decided That Im Gonna Be A Stripper :-)
knows how to make you regret am avatar bet. Especially last minute drunken avatar bets.
Ohwaaaoohhh trust issues 😘
Michael Jackson passes b4 the BET Awards, Amy Winehouse passes b4 the VMA's, & Whitney Houston passes b4 the Grammy's.
The only good thing about being at Jury Duty today is that I won't get called again for 2 years.
It has been a perfect day for swimming.
Santa has been getting a lot of requests for for YMCA gift cards this year. Be sure to stop by your local Y and grab yours today!
these fees taxes gotta go. there so much wasteful spending its pitiful. 1 group getting richer while common man suffering
lmao... That's probably what it is
Hot beats on deck get @ me
With a month left in school, I guess I can check out the library for the first time this yr
I'm really disappointed that the beefy crunch burrito isn't a permanent menu item! Boo
at this tea shop called Teavana
You walked by, looked at me and I rolled my eyes. What I'm I supposed to do smile at chu?
Is it standard practice to NOT charge customers for major upgrades?
Good morning to you!
that guy is such a queer
tweeting about birds
wat it dew g??
lucky you lol. i work.... 42.1 miles one way. thank god it pays well
On to the next one...
Sour Diesel for $35 an 8th
YOUR READING THIS. AH, btw, I love youu<3
ikr! It was so funny yet so sad how the judges totally crushed her hopes
that just made my day.
GOTTA FIND YOU!
OMG its cold... Congrats to the New England Patriots!!! Didn't get a chance to watch the game got a bite distracted, but it was worth it. <3
A Happy Hippo! I can't ever find them ): but they taste like heaven in a cookie!
you know when its real when you afraid to tell how you feel
#chrisbrownfame Love the new album!
i think that was the most stressful week in my life^^ :'D but I had fun though ♥ :DD
We are shipping out our Anti-Radiation Patches thru Amazon. They are selling and they work.
Today's gift card winner is MANDI RHOADES STALLINGS! Congratulations!
i love kate upton
> on their Hillary articles. Hillary isn't remarkable bc of pastel pants suits, it's her accomplishments that matter
"Things aren't what they used to be and probably never were." ~Will Rogers
I did! I can't have the poor child walking around clueless about her school lol
well scratch it then lmao
I can say with confidence that you cant. And I welcome the challenge... Bring it!
A Smart Person Learns From THEIR Mistakes. A Wise Person Learns From YOUR Mistakes.
I jus swag in
NATURALS Pomegranate & Mango Refreshing Shower Gel: SPECIAL - SAVE 66%! SPECIAL OFFERS
I am suspicious that lemon Chobani is less substantial than other Chobani. Also, it's not lemony enough.
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 85F Fair: 85F Fair
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 1~~ 1.Be extremely well prepared. 2.Join a Toastmasters club for extra practice.
oh, you mean that's not how you say it?
I hope the 3 lucky winners like art and artists....
Treason is 12 GOP leaders having dinner the night of Obama's inaugeration & plotting how they were going to destroy his presidency.
If NBC cancels Parks & Rec or Community, I will burn that motherfucker down. DOWN. TO. THE. GROUND.
why do you say that?!
Excellent gyro today, !
Yes please.
im not even in a bad mood
Now I am homeward bound.
I know ppl that have seen it twice so it probably doesn't suck lol
you got it, whens your bday?
is joining forces with Fremont Outdoor Movies to bring you the same neighborhood fun this Halloween. We're excited!
Shoeshine guy at 30th Street Station singing spanish lullaby over cell phone
Monster truck rallies often times have 1$ popcorn
Ight bro keep me updated
well, look at that! Haha.
Yo Loueyyy peeps, check out tomorrow night (4/20) you don't want to miss Bear In Heaven. I'm working on making my way there!
you need to add to do interviews on Fox/Fuel & find new PBP as well, move Anik to color
don't judge him CONNOR! we can't all be good at everything! i got your back
Hot sauce on my burrito baby ..cuz u taste so good to me
thanks, i enjoy your comments and reviews
To much stuff to do. I need at least two days to clear my head but it doesn't look like that will happened
OH YEAH WESTEST YEAH
Just finished clearing the backyard of a recently purchased house. The new owners wanted the old swing set out of there!
That's what I used (extract). Just wasn't strong enough for the sourdough.
Hope you're trying out Chris!
Preparing for another weekend at Sports at the Beach....baseball in Delaware #SATB. Stop by and see us if you're playing there!
I'll expect to see a new tweet in a month or two saying you lost those 10 lbs! Keep those running shoes on!
Annie what's up?
sherie at Aidan Gill has taken care of me for years cc
Ha ha! Have a good evening! Hope all is well. Btw, I'm in Houston now but visit Austin quite often.
I do what tells me to do. RT Everyone follow my friend on twitter! Shes new to twitter and its freaking her out!
Ugh why does it cost almost $400 to fly from Philly to Columbus.
He's not here today. ...
thx for follow kenny, returning the favor, looking forward to you're tweets, hope u enjoy mine, peace {^_^}
Come on #UNCAshville .... you can do this... play smart....
Hey Guys Check out my Fb Page its called AJL Photography please like and comment RT!!!! Please!!!!! Thanks
Chen is my hero. I could never do that.
yay your going!? But that I can't do.
Pedophiles of America: Stay away from 800 W Katella Ave, Anaheim‎ CA‎ 92802, United States. It's the National Cheer Championships
the place looks nice.
You would think that since we have 4 managers on duty, we wouldn't be waiting 10 minutes for a manager at the registers. You would be wrong.
Check your personal dictionary and delete the ones you don't want. Likely under settings, language, keyboard.
learned some good things in class today. the great news for emerging film makers/writers...content is still king
sup wezzy a bro i got to talk to u u know my parents hit me back
Another day of meetings. Excited for things that lie ahead!
Follow back ? (:
yeah totally agree
needs food! I'm spacing :-)
Fantastic opening night for Strictly Painting 8. Stay tuned for pictures.
Look at ya... Finally posting on Twitter!
Doing a podcast on Starship Troopers later this year. We should talk.
...kids off to school soon. 7am... coffee... Paul Chambers transciption...
That awsome moment when your teacher ain't in the room for the last 30 minutes of class! 😌
Hate it or love it the underdogs on top, and im gonn'shine homie until my heart stop.
I've been really good! Same old stuff just working.. how are you baby solo and rae doing??
textandshout: #health2dev Code-a-thon feels like the locker room before the Superbowl! Its on!
The Magnetic Killing Fields
U do sumn for me baby, I luh ya #Truuuuuuu 
I watched Transformers today. I've spent 2 hours in my garage telling the car I know his secret. He's shy. 😔
what's on your mind
I was voter 120 at the Doyle Admin. bldg at 2:30. Still think it's going to blow other primary turnout records out of the water.
There are some great people on twitter
Rough start to the day, had AK whiff a few times then lost A9cc vs SB 18bb jam into my BB with Q8. Down to 25k
Awww, that's really nice. Will retweet.
thats awesome! I'm a huge fan too - was made he didn't come here on his last tour
Come to zebraclub today, buy any outerwear and recieve a FREE beanie!
What was your favorite April Fool's joke from this weekend?
today is a new day. Its past 12
The most creative people are often the most crazy. I say be authentic and embrace your craziness.
I believe self-marketers should see myspace as a cautionary tale of how to ruin a bulletin board and not as a marketing guide for facebook
Yes. I know you won't give up. You're the romantic ;) Cool. I hope you will find her.
<<<===Amen Kelly. I needed to be in the house of the LORD today. Just singing the Black national anthem had me in tears.
There's just something about Bella in Breaking Dawn that makes me wanna SLAP A BITCH!
Controlled, polite, to the point. A very Hoosier debate.
had a great 7 course dinner at Upstairs on the Square... great food and service
That's too bad. I hope the next movie you see you will love!
I've avoided work for as long as I can today. It's so beautiful out I don't want to sit at a screen. But alas. To the writing, Robin!
A little birdie told me that In Union will be on The Katt's Local Talent Show next week. Stay tuned!
Nothing good is coming from giving the 10-month old a pair of cymbals. #whatwasi thinking
Crazier that it's been 10+ yrs since he killed a man RT : Crazy that he's 37. RT : Happy 37th Birthday !
can't find them listed on iTunes, I'd listen if I could find them on there
Happy Birthday! Have a blessed day! RT Lol I don't think my sister knows it's my bday very pitiful lmbooo
war on women is just stupid on so many levels..i mean..is suffrage still going on
#FRIDAfund/ talks about participatory grant making in action at
are you tuned into the #grammys? ...where's the party at?! oh there it is.
In Oregon, we are not allowed to pump our own gas, so we have attendants. I love it. HATE pumping own gas.
So you made it yesterday after all. Congratulations! Keep it up.
sorry for your loss!
We love our service team! Enjoy the show > I'm SO excited Jen helped out. She's our hero today :)
lmao , i guess so .
but i'm scared to go to the hospital because they're gonna ask 5827567863574256 questions -_-
K thanks I'm done :-)
Cannot wait for harris and bigby wow..im so glad we finally have my boys back also a shout to S Anthony Smith the guy got talent
to late! Lol
Happy birthday :)
Once I chose to be happy everthing else fell into place.
hey(: we haven't talked in a long time!:o
damn u raw for that one..lol
Prioritized importance in #edreform: Corporate Profits > Student Learning. #FYI #$$$
Looking into my future I see I will be a Successful Female Leader....... Truning Dreams into Reality
I knowww. I love it!(: haha.
Money has a tendency of acting funny! U can't worship God & money! U can't love money & God. God comes 1st!
Why bother....
Just discovered your site and book yesterday. Excited!!!
Shut up -_-
hilarious! Forced low res, I like it?
is the little bird right?
Time to head to the comic book store for Free Comic Book Day.
Hmm, that's a long drive lol. I was more passing it along for you. Let me see what I have that week though, I'm a maybe.
I joke around a lot. But when i speak to you personally it comes from the heart.
Heard ur #UTSMW talk via UStream today! Lovin all you guys are doing & would love to learn more. Is ur blog the best resource?
Not a cliche at all. Glad you feel that way.
This nigga look like a roach lmfao
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Yo anybody want to fill up my truck? Just $65, that's cheap!
#ConfessionHour i like some of my friends as more than friends ; )
Thanks for the open dialogue tonight &
I'm bummed about Whitney.
Follow follow follow follow follow follow follow folow
At work already on a sat must really love the money
at this point I have no more grandparents. Not even grandparents in law
Even President Bush supported civil unions.. Romney also wants a federal ammenment to change our constitution. Wrong side of history.
Have fun tonight! RT : A couple hours before our tour and tasting with
and you don't know shit you're just an ignorant lil white girl from the burbs that really thinks she's gonna be a rapper
Hating on
In case you missed it I posted a new letter today.
Heartfelt. You're a real pro. So great to see you again. But I might not eat with Coy anymore.
that's blasphemy. I'm rebuilding the site. Sorry ma'am.
just think of it as 17 or 18 tweets (if average English word is 5 letters, in prose). No problem.
My prayers to all who passed away on the DC train crash..what is up..something is aloof with DC...shootings at museum & train crashes!!!
we're too young, this is never going to work.
Theme Music...everygood hero should have some "I'm Gonna Get You Sucka" Lol!
Yahoo! Goes Beyond Gold With Global Programming Coverage of Summer Olympics
Nothing like a power outage to make you appreciate windows in a processing room.
fantastic, lemme know when you get in,
We officially have a beer sponsor for our New Years Eve event!! Can't wait to share...stay tuned!
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "serese icpsee". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get B1G1 #Free!
Thanks so much for sharing!!
HoeLies #36 I didn't sleep with Tiger Woods.
very cute!
please follow please !
Alarm clocks that are sensitive to your sleep patterns are not a new idea
What's next for members of the #GSA accused of blowing taxpayer dollars on lavish trips? The story in 20min on the
So I can't eat past midnight and I have a DR Apt in the AM lame!!!!
Favorite song performed live...."L' is Gone" by Musiq Soulchild....this brings back so many memories. 2003 Lake Buena Vista HOB.
RT : saved ALL THE #DOGS on the kill list in the Dallas Pound this wk. Vote for her for Most Beautiful of Dallas...
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. My daily snack is cheddar cheese popcorn and a fruit punch Arizona.
#pleaseletmesleep My one day off and I woke up at the crack of dawn.
What's your favorite childhood memory?(:
lol. Somebody at the D1 level better be scooping up my boy Buckets soon.
I love them times when your just sitting there thinking about her in your wondering if she's thinking about you too<3
Morehouse Men have more respect for their neighbors?? Think so...
Dipping my feet into the Pacific. It's actually warmer than the air!
What up peepz?
Thanks for the re-tweet. Again, Snapper was awesome, thanks for having him on last night!
So is tweeting so much of his session that I don't feel I'm missing anything not being in the room
I once tried to convince a room full of employers/HR people of that. I don't think they believed me.
You know you're not working very hard when...you're using the wrong hand to control your mouse...
Ya, sorry, we've been super busy trying to get our beta ready for SXSW. I'll call you today.
There is nothing you can't do unless you try.
i guess its good but doesnt really matter and prob not
Didn't know we had a shark attack victim in our oral comm class.
I like it.
#LAWind damage any of your outdoor sculpture? Tweet us your questions or contact #artservicesguild member for assistance
Can't decide on dinner??? WTF this is an important decision tonight!
yea sure. i HATE it when ppl do that. so i unfollow them
Hey Ash, are either of your parents professors?
I NEED summer...now!
Time to get my vote on
Have a fabulous day, Rose (:
Thinking of a master plan...
Awesome, I may stop by for a super fun Saturday night. How much longer will you be there?
How to implement open access to federally funded research is keeping me up at night.
Congratulations on your home run!
After tonight's #BIGGERTHANJESUS show join the "Faith & Tradition" conversation with a panel of Religious and Performance Studies Scholars.
New York turned on Amare Stoudemire quicker than #Browns fans turned on Josh Cribbs.
I thought for sure that BIG TROUBLE IN LITTLE CHINA and THE RUNNING MAN must have had overlapping art departments, but they did not.
welcome Cafe41 to the neighborhood & twitter :) we r right down the street from john street dorms!College friendly prices & deals
LETS GO GIANTS! (CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP) LETS GO GIANTS! (CLAP CLAP CLAPCLAPCLAP)
Its hot outside cant wait to the pool open
second day of the #NIST conference gaithersburg maryland.
Enjoying a great #coaching session with
OpenClass- integration w/institutional SIS - for users, but courses in, course content rollover, grades out- harder
RT : lol. It's fun to say "must listen to the voices!! They're screaming to be set free!!". so true
Everyone, even and #Obama get 24 hours. What you do with it is up to you so make the most of it. Be productive and help mankind.
we gotta start with a name first lol..u got anything marinating
well go you're gorgeous shouldn't have no trouble finding a date
Me six!
There's a place in your heart nobody's been, take me there ❤
and GM 2 U
Loving #DC so far and looking forward to seeing the sights from the boat on the potomac cc
i'm now determined to listen to more of kelly clarkson's music! "the sun will rise" is my new favorite :)
Feel like butt :(
So you pick a day to go to different thrift stores?
Channel Brad Ross on a breakaway!!
Double wammi Victory in my basketball game & Relationship status:taken:)
Raul/Del Piero would add valuable experience, Owen has to be released.
Hey, girls on bikes. You're just great.
every time I see "something/something/bluegrass/something else" in a band's genre title I'm all "pshh"
let us be frank: 's "Leonard the Lonely Astronaut" is an incredible collection of kickin' songs. you should preorder now!
thanks for the reply! I am using Mac and it is commercial. I want to Share a clip of a movie to go along with a book we are reading
The reason why people respect what I say is because they've seen my actions
on twitter yu dig me
Its okay to change the methods; but don’t touch the message. Share the message in places where people are most likely to receive it.
This is the longest it has ever taken me to make a cake what the crap.... Never in my life and it was not even a designed cake jus basic
definitely! Tonight I am headed to a bday party and possibly a crawfish boil. Maybe an afternooner 2morrow?
xD But they're so fun to take at the same time.
THIS! #TheStruggle RT I'm so distracted by the music videos in this club. Especially when they play the throwbacks. Lol
confirmed there was indeed something rotten. Three-month-old yogurt in the back of the fridge. It has been removed.
thank you so much for RTing that!we now have 204 followers. :)
wady is so hot.
I know. Oh well. Next year ... RT : Yes! I thought of you there and realized we never indicated where we would be.
Of course they are there for you. Have fun.
Agreed! Good first day in London for me :) Hope your travels go well!
Now to refinance, you need a new #mortgage, causing a jam. Intention of #harp. Eberly of
Going to knock the dust off of some programming books tonight. This Friday is shaping up to be a wild one.
Did just hickup?
- get your bob from sidestreet pants ready for Saturday!
you're quite welcome! Hope it went/going well!
“ “If I can't have you all to myself, then I rather not waste my time dating you.””
One day I'm go rep that MMG with we goin straight to the top all hate is welcome fuck boys
At a birthday party.:)
Good night twitter and Facebook. :-)
"This My Last Time , Not Asking Anymore, If You Don't Do Right, I'm Walking Out That Door."
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way. ~E. M. Forster
Someone suggest a good middlegrade fantasy adventure read. Go!
RT When I'm bored I like to eat.
meet me in the trap
The weekend always goes too quickly, doesn't it tweetahs? Have a wonderful Monday!
Things have taken a different route than I expected . #ForTheBetter #iLikeThis (:
classes are out. My calendar should not be this full or double-booked. what's going on?!
If you have any questions you would like to ask Hershey's Chocolate company, please call 1-800-468-1714.
Bazaar. Never heard of that.
Gonna go rollerskating now.
:( it looks like it'll be a couple weeks. After superbowl.
Life is full of risks. Take them, because you'll never know what could have happened if you don't.
wtf? Haha. What kinda fruits are those?
“: #smwsportsbiz panel what's the newest, coolest, innovative way any of you are utilizing social media?” great q
#IAlwaysWonderIf I've met my future husband yet...or dated him. o.o
It's time for my iced vanilla latte
Never waste a moment, it may be the last with someone you love.
Why do you have time to like all my statuses but you can't come home?
can you say #houseparty? (with of course!)
looking forward to the awards!
Lol... Let's chalk this one up y'all...
I've run out of excuses to not get out of bed. There are monsters down stairs right?
OMG! I CANT STOP WATCHING NEW VIDEO #RIGHTBYMYSIDE <3 I LOVE IT SO MUCH :-)
at 11 I'll be switching between the debate and Reliable Sources so I may miss some.
SD Society of Professional Journalists sponsoring a "Grade the Media" panel 1/26. Do we want to know how the public views our coverage?
Neil Woelk from the Boulder Daily Camera talking about Big 12 expansion now! Also, your thoughts, 303-297-1510!
Could not get anything going up here at the Golden Gates here in
yeah I think you're right
I've been accepted into the Master of Creative Writing program at Ball State. So excited to be heading back to school!
Sweet Dreams RO! ;) Nutty Night xx
One year exactly since you broke my heart you insensitive little prick. I'm so glad i'm done with all that shit
help a momma directioner out
QOTD: "Smart phones are hella scary, dude. They're getting to smart." -Edgar Lima (my little brother)
“: I bet that DVD will also come out "soon".” THIS.
So does that mean I can officially stop trying now?
but does a pity #FF still count.....
ALways good 2 see ya :) Have a Great Moms Day :)
Great job on Here Comes The Boom, I had fun on set!! Keep em coming!
am on some shit really doe
its been a crazy year:O heheh and i loved every min of it ;)
Beautiful Day Here in Miami!!! Heading to work!!!
I loves chocolate! :)
is SOLD OUT !!
So, whatever doesn't kill me makes me stronger, applies to bug larvae. ...although it does help to wash them down with some whiskey.
The Drake thirst on my TL tho and its not just females :/
“: My mind was blown when I realized "OK" is a sideways person.” HOLY SHIT
Thank U! Thank U for the follow! :-) have an awesome day!
The Pari-Mutuel Tax (if anybody can take any pleasure in that blood money) is up $14,800,000. [1944]
pay the lord be with us 🙏🙌
Perfect. Will Intervention be right after that then?
Dont want to come back yet
50% off a Signature Facial and Brow Wax at the Wauwatosa Wellness Center - head to www.crowdclick.com to get yours!
Happy Mother's Day! Waiting to call mine until I know for sure her flowers have arrived...maybe will give me a heads up??
Wow its nearly midnight and im wide awake and i have a test tomorow
Here is a toast to MCA #another dimension
We have some new staff members. Stop in and say hi to them. Open till 9 Monday through Saturday Sunday till 7 :)
Have a great night everyone DMV tomorrow I would hate to wait in that Line,, call me for an appointment 702-882-6007
Cool im just chilin with the wife
He's making me suffer...lol
"I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids...I will not buy any more presents for my kids"
Not true at all, we gotta hook up...
Had a couple absinthe shots, the smuggled in kind.
what rivalry? and its goodbye to atm...for good! 2-0 on the day on game winning kicks what a great
Congrats to for his new gig at #Transalta. Another successful escape from journalism.
It's my birthday! I'm 25!
thank you for coming!!
Wish I could be there! Break a leg!
I'm coming with you next time u go away
My boyfriend >> yours.
Watching jamie fox in jimmy kimmel,i didnt know he was that funny ..
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your tweets
Try my patience prayer: Lord, give me patience,....and I want it right now! ;)
Let us know if you hear anything you like
I was wondering the same thing last week. #voiceof90'sbball
Got my car money today,,, now to find a car -_-
Nice! Free receptionist!
it is rather nice.
The actors are going over their lines, and the DP and Key Grip are setting up the rain rig - 'cause we make it rain. #TooCheesy?
You never realize how much you use a body part until it starts hurting.
The what, now?! lol..
We change your oil rain or shine. We come to your office or home. Discounts available for groups.
Friday Happy Hour at the GOLD CLUB from 4 to 8 grab 2for1 drinks from the bar and 50cent wings from the kitchen!
thanks birky. Miss my bp partner
that's what they get for wearing those hideous things!!
that's awesome. I love seaside! =] not much, just hanging out!
Evan Sandhaus of NYTimes discusses in details NYTimes's upcoming "See Also" semantic web #lodlam prototype - coming soon
Checking out what this #Banff Film Festival is all about.
Hard to imagine a more depressing template than 8 years of mismanagement, war, and debt, followed by 3 years of misplaced blame.
but since my dad moved out hes been nice to us now
RT : #AmericanU campus more excited about government #shutdown than the NCAA champions. Realities of college full of
Attempting to do this book assignment. I hate my lit teacher. That's why people say her ass smells like hamsters. Bitch. xD
First impression is everything
Ok! I will(: Bye
hehe. I could quote that movie in my sleep, dawg.
anyone awake and working today?!! Hit me im bored as shit!!!
I've been working my ass off, no sleep, not eat.
Let's go, #Astros!
the fault in our stars is a much better title
Thanks Ken! I'm a huge U2 fan as well!
Lovely meeting you last evening...looking forward to possible collab in educating youth and introducing you to !
Oh, yes! So hungry now...
What contemptible scoundrel has stolen the cork to my lunch?
your Facebook was deleted cause you posted a "duck face" photo
Top notch work you guys! cc/
Atkins: Moving bill today on multi-family housing. Need to find permanent source for affordable housing
Im so ready for school
Maybe you should consider that I'm trying to help you
goodnight baby, thank you so much for making my dream come true. I love you <3
I wish it was that easy!
": I'm tryna hit up the titty bar" lets do it
correction. Lin says it's periwinkle blue. Do edit your tweet, before Lin makes you edit it.
Yes please you must! that would be so fun!
>: "some organizations have learned to embrace the nerds, and the importance of nerds out there" ;)
One More Hour Till CB Drop Dat
Hey my BFF just earned Top 20 Under 40 for Decatur, IL...and you know, birds of a feather...#40under40 ;-)
“: RT : Two superstars can't beat 12 good players”
I love how my timeline is filled with boobs :')
dominant show. I will warn you though, the last season kinda is a disappointment.
Last Minute #Holiday Shopping!! Now Where's That Gift Wrap...
You're a teenager if you're in love with someone who doest even know your name
Sellcomms (Sellcomms) thanks for the follow.
The Nuggets go up against the Dallas Mavericks at home tonight at 10:30 p.m.! Go, Nuggets!
Android Device Returns Cost Operators $2 Billion Per Year
Pinkberry WONT do the trick . . skinny bitch (:
call rich n tell him too I'm not up there
MUAH!! Loved meeting Angel and seeing you!! So excited that you're back in NYC!
Germantown treating Madison Memorial like a red-headed stepchild. I'm loving it.
I does :D hahh
RT : "We Talkin' Bout Practice"Bet your team doesn't show radnom Wednesday practices on ESPN
yeah man theyre wicked!
Did you catch the Country Music Awards last night? Who was your favorite winner?
pi day gifts
Mike Brown <<<
#whynow?? Why not?!
What a beautiful day in Boston, 51 and sunny... can't wait to see what the spring will be like!!
What the hell is Jennifer's body and why am I watching?! 😳
Both of them will be home real soon tho! <3 :)
I should be sleeping right now.
Best mistake I've found in my first chapter: Instead of "Maintaining social order," "Marinating social order." Good thing I caught it.
Thanks for sharing Trenni! If a newbie runner (me) decided to do this, what do you recommend for training, etc?
Your Chicago Cubs. Finding ways to lose since 1908.
Thanks for everything :)
Up early working on this new design for this athletic camp.
Good Luck today honey!
Sound check.
see you tonight????
it never ceases to amaze me how many musicians i cohabit with in L.A., and how few of them are even remotely interesting.
He won't walk over anyone's feelings, won't push you into a corner. - matthew
are puns about blackberrys and kettles/pots you idea of "taste of originality"? If so, it tastes bad.
Attention WORLD – rocked it as TONY. as MARIA! Fierce. Thank you for coming to !
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to tell our story in 90 seconds
just had the best tacos al pastor washed down by ice cold horchata.
and you aren't ghetto.
No laughing in the glasses!!!
i still hate the Cardinals...with all due respect - lineup is really impressive. hating them is my way of respecting.
strictly speaking prayer is an ultimate form of worship if done genuinely I believe
NEED to listen to NEW music. I love being at with everything but sometimes I miss all the new stuff. Any suggestions?
Done for the night! We start tracking tomorrow!!
Yes!! Braveheart is on!!
whoops I meant you're awesome not your.
telling u. I eat it twice a day, haven't been sick n five yrs
dude totally ... I try for a new one everyday lol ...
I don't want to be bored to tears on my cross country flight next month! I need Wi-Fi.
Trapped indeed. Believe it or not we're working on it -- we have a vendor chosen and are testing the security of the system.
sure, I followed him :)
we even added some more modern songs, you know, ones that were written after 1972
I just don't want you leaving, even though I give you reason.
Cold play
When you laugh a little too loud in a quiet place.
Molly: 333 professors have signed our petition, so some are being driven out by the climate here. We're immensely wealthy.
no snappy response to that one, eh?
Helped manage a nonprofit event yesterday. More tired than I've ever been the day after my own events!
What is art? Prostitution. ~ Charles Baudelaire
I am rewriting radio.You could hear anything at any time in any order. No potty talk. CyberStationUSA.com Mp3archives.
People thats press to be peoples friend <<<<<.
Wise people understand that courage is an exhibition of intelligence, esp. when displayed in pursuit of a noble cause!
Definitely going to have to use at least one of those if I can. I think "disembark the page" is my favorite.
Bud light on my right hand 420 in my left!!!....chillin
We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys
Literally in tears. Hollie. I love you baby.
I came empty handed, I ain't leaving the same.
today kicked my ass
my old phone died, had to buy an iphone, damn
RT : I just saw my hotel bill. So glad my library is paying for this shit. True that!
its because you aren't interesting enough
Got questions about #tefl, #esl, #tesol? Join us for a tweetchat at 4 MST! Just use #bridgeteflchat to follow and join the conversation!
waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for to have a shirtless picture!! Follow back? No.. Damn :'(
I want to make people smile:)
Justin Bieber, Carly Ray Jepsen, Jersey Shore, Ryan Seacrest are also here!
The chupacabra has been spotted at union station, we're open and ready to suck your goats.... I mean serve you tacos.. See you soon
Best feeling ever = LOVE
ah I see.
Strange, it seems like a character mutation
we shot down under 471 by newport high school
oh someone poked me. this means war.
I wish today I could get a happy birthday from :]
Your emotions are leaking.
I have seen that... not clear enough to see what it says. someday maybe. even if I could just manage to ask him.
That should be it, but it's not turned on yet. I'll see what I can do today to get it working.
Looking for a femme fatale, little person PI, and a villain for our series. Not typical hollywood types. Eccentrics who have really lived.
Wonder if the Amish buy their kids Christmas Presents from the Cracker Barrel Toy Shop.
Break time on a Friday!!
total A-hole.
PeoplesSummit rocks U have 2 be here.
yes, I will, it would be great to see you, are on the jazz fest?
#facepalm, THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO WILL DETERMINE OUR FUTURE!
tone loc, jolly ranchers...not the candy but the little cowboys. Cake & Ice cream...SPRINKLES lots of SPRINKLES.
Thanks for the retweet, Valerie!
It's beautiful <3
haha i knew what it meant but i dont use things like that
Please welcome kylifegoeson to the Max life
As hard as it may be to start fresh, keep in mind that with every ending comes a beginning.
Ya know Bradshaw only fumbled because of his broken foot.
very excited because I am now on Twitter. Please follow me and I will follow you too! :-)
going to take a leap in the brackets tomorrow?
I was screaming that when I read it for some reason.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 2
hey can you PLEASE follow me? k thx! lol plz
I would love to, yea, email me bout the plans
No one said it would be easy
It strikes me that we take some things in #HigherEd mostly on faith (eg performance funding) but not others (eg the importance of diversity)
I hate you a little.
Justin is out flawless idol. lol
someone ate way too much chocolate shake...
Just watched a neat movie: Lunopolis. Conspiracy theories, found footage, and maybe time travel. Really enjoyed it.
My bo ;) Goodnight loves. Its a dolo nite
I'm so mad all world playing online and we have shit hole sites like a Cake
are you going to their concert this summer?
I have the lakers get the sorry ass mavs in the first round
OK, let's get back down to business. I lose another awesome team member today to a nice promotion. This calls for Sokowlowski's.
Sweet thanks, I'll check it out!
#NCCAF is always over my birthday (17th), and it's always the best present a boy could want. Thanks for an incredible festival!
I always ask myself this question, why are the people who always help others always in the most pain.
I love you so much and im dying to go to one of your shows! Please tweet me!!!! :)
For coaching tips, contact the NV Oral History program. RT : Nevada to play Oral Roberts in the first round of the NIT tournament.
We are here!
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know! I'll fix it right now.
I'm diggin' my new tumblr page :)
my blessings go out to u on the book!
I'm tryin to go to sleep but I can't
haven't been there yet, but we're hoping to make it there this year!
« You know why it's hard to be happy? Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.»
Follow Shes With
Cashier gay af at this store..this nigga got pink snowflakes on his hat
thank u so much i found a perfect one!!!! i love @ slickwynn94 and especially taken cutler down...lol
RIP Mr. Edwards. My best friend's grandpa just died. Please pray for her family. :(
Please RT: Board positions available for this year's show. for more information.
Damian, Hudson Taylor (😉😍❤) I dont think you'll like them though, The Script and Ryan 😍
iPod app allows publishers to automatically render content in digital magazine-style layout when content shared socially.
It smells so fucking bad in this school
DM me your email, and I'll get the questions to you tomorrow.
my mom thinks Piero looks like harry potter, Ignazio looks like ricky martin and Gianluca looks like rico suave...wtffff...they do not...
Rest in Peace Sherwood Schwartz
Symmetrical 20 meg here, 50 meg there. Vegas businesses are starting to get it. Move away from that user dependent network. Get Airband.
THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT EVERYONE :-)
If you go, please blog it! Makes me wish I lived on the east coast again.
I can't wait to see sack peyton manning!!!!!
TY 4 #FF - today and last Friday - I trust you and your family r doing well!
at #IMEX , Las Vegas. Meeting great industry leaders today and tomorrow. Impressive conference.
'HOMEOWNER BILL OF RIGHTS' MOVING ALONG IN SACRAMENTO - U-T San Diego
whats up wit everyone gettin a twitter now ive had mine forever
check out our new FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/ateapot
Who can cut hair like a pro,? Cut mine, down? :))
Yep!! Try living here!! Sucks!!
alright. 4 job applications to do today. GO!
right track?
Well nothing feels real anymore I'm not taking my time anymore To show you how i feel To show you who i am Cause it's locked away...
yes you do you are a brave forever!
Great piece on by in the new !
doesn't mean anything unless u cut the nets down were cutting them down for#8 this year
Retweet if you want to #Bring1DToSeattle!!!
happy birthday ! & remember to take notice the fire exits INCASE of a emergency hehee ;0]
Confused #ProjectRunway - wondering why in last night's challenge they started in Central Park, but ended up finding people in Union Square
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you....
The Sultan Of Swat!
I got two more years in this school until I graduate! Bahhh. I just want to live on the moon!
Fear grows in darkness; if you think theres a bogeyman around, turn on the light. Dorothy Thompson
Denny would want to join in too :-)
Laying out in the sun, tanning what a beautiful day <3
Glad to have Abdullah, a man from Jordan, stay with us for a bit. He's a fellow student in my graduate program.
I think the officials have been great so far.
Hey Singing Bee fans: I'm doing a live Q&A on the Bee's Facebook page tomorrow at 3pm central. Come join and ask me anything!
lol nice! tell me if you can air guitar to this --> www.facebook.com/spencetheband :)
roll over to what???
Interesting read. I was just thinking on this topic and how nice it is to buy *short* tech books with no fluff.
One of my favs!
you still have MySpace? Your just cool of it! In class tweeting you! :) follow please
84?! Lmao i don't even think they had a 3 point line then : just be ready Sunday!!
happily installing adobe cs4; looking forward to the new features
Its My Birthday<3 Im Turning 14 today shout to abby from missouri on ustream please<3<3
OMG. I just laughed so loud on the subway..everyone looked at me like I was crazy. That was hilarious!
Thanks, Misty!
I am not willing to pay a single cent, so ...
there's no way O knows.
Is the ZICO from the OC Fair?
it's called shanaban
Third Annual Week of Bacon at Restaurant 3
Wow - that looks amazing. Have a great rest of the day!
Crispy Whitefish Sandwich, pickled green bean slaw, spicy aioli, mustard vinaigrette, soft bun for brunch at Perennial Virant.
I'm such a lazy girl today. Geez. X
She Acting Odd This Morning
Agreed! It's why having a daily success routine - a morning and evening ritual - is so important!
So bored.
Congratulations to the Museum’s Education Coordinator, Maurita N. Poole, who graduates today with a Ph.D. in Anthropology from Emory...
The story is called Things Happen 4 A Reason if u want moreinfo plz tweet me n audition n yes mb are in it
The Lonely Island Go For Greatness On Turtleneck And Chain
u wrk today?
*~Did u see yo son and that pic if u didnt may god cool u down~*
Omg...milz at twilight
yay! We r on the metro
that's a lotta miles. Here in DC?
you win.
thanks for creating this page
Amazing artist created a rad design that all of us are stoked to share with you! Arriving soon from Gulu!
: WORD. Bye nasty Bruce. Aston is so much hotter anyway - and a suspected Republican to boot. Bye
was off of school for a week. i am dreading going back.
lol the only time I don't text you back is if you talking bout LEBRON 😜
Parents and caregivers with kids - Mother Goose Story Time Library Program at Barrett Branch in Old Town. 10:15 a.m. Tues.
Neither. We always called them potato bugs.
If i lick your vagina, you swallow my cum, you got all sort of juices down there,
that's what i thought it might have been.
I say fuck you less Im wit ya If I take you out of the picture I know real niggas gon miss ya No lie no lie -Drake
You, too, Dennys!
Rondo is the king of passing up layups
Homer Bailey has a bad game, and Twitter blows up. Johnny Cueto has a bad game, and Twitter is silent. What gives, fellow #Reds fans?
Clearpath is hosting a technical session on the VCE (VMware, Cisco and EMC) coalition Thursday the 15th in DC. Email me for details
Cool :) I'm sure you'll breeze through those classes.
thanks bro
The nurse said that with everyone being stuck at home, due to snow, she expects the delivery room to be very busy in 9-1/2 months.
Another day another video put on the first page of google.anyone know a biz owner with an earth friendly biz that want free marketing help
thanks girl! I packed too many shoes : )
I'm strong on the surface not all the way through. I've never been perfect but neither have you.
weirdo! x)
Bud Select and silence are nice things.
alas the dog does not talk in The Dogfather.
Dawn. You are are dumb. HE HAS A KID! Things will change.
Optis are Available for Sailing School « Port Madison Yacht Club
If you're serious about it, send us an email: We should do it after the next album drops.
Yes, this will be my first time legitimately in Chicago!
Thinks needs to do a live version of Mean Planes and Taylor Gangs mixup by Brenton Duvall
#Flizzor Im going to #NewYork who's with me
Welcome back to Twitter, my friend.
It's a good life on a boat!
This line at Men's Warehouse is outrageous
the one from overseas? Tell em to hit me up on here
will be in Bristol next week will try and keep you updated!!
#twins game now officially postponed to June 30th. Tickets will be honored.
I think every tweet should end with the tweeter saying, "You're welcome!" Let's get this going guys! You're welcome!
"Get a job? What for?"
wats up then
: Thanks Niel for the awesome support! :)
what's going on in Vegas?
KT tape = lifesaver 🏃
How so?
M Asian Beef Vegetable soup today! So good!
Hi Congratulations on your Indie Intertube Award! Well done :)
I can,t really change the "world"...but I can try to make GOOD music!...ya know?
True: Delivering Happiness books are up for grabs.
give me shout out :3<3
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.'
Sloppy joes for lunch
i just want #taylorallderdice to drop so my focus can be off of fab...
That's really lovely, and seems like good advice for life.
"Time is only right when YOU make it right. If you just sit and wait, the right time will never come"
cool. What are you doing job wise now?
No real surprise, Raiders' McClain active for Dolphins game
I have to clean this french press once in a while.
Work at 5 .
But..it's amazing. I love living here. We experience so many different cultures every day. I just hope Other "new Yorkers" appreciate it too
Portofino Key Club & Resort: Northern Italian trattoria overlooks the Moorings' yachts. Handmade pasta, sensational seafood & vino
NO LONGER WATCHING
should've called it Modern Swag, cuz I'm sure there is plenty going on in the EP!
Really enjoying California
Today, better go friggin fast
have an amazing work day sexy ❌❤❌❤❌❤
hahaha I just saw the commercial and thought of you(:
Use #ThankaTeacher for National Teacher Appreciation Day! Such a rocking hashtag. How about a shoutout to your parents?
I want tickets, I NEED tickets!.
Fools will be slayed...and that's a fact
Best wishes in retirement to - the Great Center in the #NBA, One of the best of All-time! And my favorite player Since
ICTs and girls: in Nepal a radio show "Chatting with my best friend." Text message to address access issues. Combined Technologies
follow me back to :) i just followed u! u sing or what?
Where the hell did this false count come from?Is that what got us to 15-1?
and they won't remember. Waste of money and sanity. My rule is, if you're too small to carry your own stuff, you don't go.
need to get some shows/tour happening. def interested to come. can we open for you?? let's make a plan!
ok I digg dat they do stank I smokem & I hav 2 let the window down 2 breathe
Parks and Rec is literally the best show ever
of course it was Fag Mayweather gotem right back and it was over as planned! Ortiz got two checks! One for fight and one from flyd
<<< She is good for that!
chyea it always satisfies
watching x factor
Anybody following "Lost"
Supermoon was super beautiful tonight.
The fact they're doing the WWE Championship Chamber first all but guarantees a surprise in the World Heavyweight Championship Chamber
How when they get done with phase 2 of Bush policies there won't be any good paying jobs.#righttowork only.
yeah i might not either
He clearly can't stand ... So I guess im going to bed angry / sad .
Enjoying a little SG-1 before bed. Back to the grind tomorrow!
Something I learned from Google today: "KMGH" can also stand for the Kapiolani Maternity & Gynecological Hospital in Hawaii.
I stood up in class and screamed,"AIRPLANE MODE!" then through my phone across the room and it crashed..
Ed Farmer is fond of giving cross streets for his childhood events
we are going about 3pm
Find someone who will change your life, not your Facebook status. New Facebook status, you welcome
fuck, I forgot my headphones -.-
hmm. scale must be broken.
April 1st Disappearance of Butterfinger® Bars Linked to 2012 Prophecy, Fans Urged to Save the World via Online Game ...
thanks again, this latest issue is great and is proud to be included!
thanks 4 the follow.
Where are you moving?!
it's not even 7th yet lol. Tell her i said hello
um yeah...thanks for the reminder :)
Was asked tonight if my work is a real job or if I'm "just gathering experience." I'm not in jail so I must have reacted well.
I'm almost done w Catching Fire!
how are you doin that while layin down? Lol.
Satter made the point that black migrants traded the debt peonage of sharecroppig for the dept peonage of segregated housing in urban north
I'm no Chris Daughtry ;) that guy's in a league of his own! :P<3<3<3<3<3
Follow my boo
Live with m-o of mainstream music that we have. stop by to hear some very random stuff.
wats the obsession with justin bieber im srry for this but i dont get it !!!!!
Jordan says "other actions may be forthcoming by the district"
#MyResolution is boring so here's a (nonviable at the moment) one: Finally move to San Fran.
Good luck Danya!
We're honored to be one of your fave places, thanks for stopping in! Did you try any of our new flavors?
Finally, I have a hot gynecologist! They really do exist!
and PLEASE feel free to follow my personal twitter account, i update there a lot more and maybe i can actually talk to you guys . (:
road trip!
I was just chatting with chair of oversight committee about this issue Tuesday.
SO CLOSE TO 1000!!!!
I am a humanities salesman.
And just for fun one last time , #newnordstrom green
I do replace them with proteins. Until I run out of proteins and don't go to the store and get Culver's and relapse.
drinks are yummy so far so I'm happy ;)
Ugh I'm so annoyed right now!!
” Cale Yarborough“Advice is what we ask when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t
Rick Pitino has been at Louisville for 11 seasons now? #wherehavethepast10yearsofmylifegone?
it made me throw up today though....30minutes nonstop cardio!!
Hobart, I won't miss you :D
Charles Barkley Aka chuck is so country I always wanted the country boy accent
Wake and bake at 4:30
Saturday morning #GYMTIME. You had yours yet?
So happy to be free of BS and be inspired daily with positive inspiration! #Cantholdmedown!
couples -1. Lee westwood for the lead.
Sitting in the car, and the song twitter lover came on, while im on twitter..
I wish I was at the karmaloop sale and not getting ready for work
Yayyyyy so happy
Might be doing a State Fair over the summer cool!
Hosp/Major Deductible- Common Incident Provision means if everyone is hospitalized for the same incident. There is only 1 Deductble for all
In the Dome...ready for the game to start!!! Go Saints!!!! Who Dat!!!
Great ad placement #thepitch!!!
really?? I don't mind. I actually prefer Bill Hall over some of the no-name young players.
Who wants to go to Residuals? ER just sent me a check for $5.04 and I think it's best spent on a pint!
☼ Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike. J. K. Rowling
Thanks for the follow!
dude I was jus tellin we need to go!
Thats so sweet(: Cherish your time with them!
Boston Bruins!!!!!
enjoying your piece on simplicity! cc/
who's sad
Our 1,000 Tweet! Help support us and get your friends who never had their eye health evaluated to us!
I bet McGee has a break out season next year. Bet a bill on it...
“Be not the first by whom the new are tried, nor yet the last to lay the old aside.” Alexander Pope
#astd2012 got some great tips on what I can do to increase my Brain Fitness! My favorite session so far and I will be using the activities
on my profile in the favorites
Gregg Doyle could at least elaborate on his comment. Sometimes I don't think he deserves his audience. What a comment. He's full of it.
And a Thank You for the re-follow.
“: best roommates ever?! #R&R” Uh, YEAH! Hell!!
I didn't tweet about my shattered right arm? No way. Rocked the art commission for $500 with one arm tied behind my back (so to speak)
gonna get some pho, m
I appreciate your support! but I have bad news: is named Tim Lee (and is a really smart guy to boot)
Flipping between european tour and #game7. Great night for sports! Go #rangers!
It's little comments like those that really makes me worry about my family.
Aaron Hernandez is cute. But SXREW YOU.
Movie tickets cost 15.95!?! Back in my day you could take $20 to the theatre and you and your date would be satisfied. Damn you inflation!
is on with & in about 30 min! Singing & cooking on
I drafted Mike Young this year, so feel free to cast him a pre-season mvp canidate! Haha funny i had u in mind after pick too
How a Simple Change Can Make a Dramatic Difference I was just reading an article in Sunset Magazine that covered a variety of interesting
I think chachi and JB should go out I luv Selena but still
never shout never always makes me think :/
since i've done nothing productive all day, i'm loathe to just sit around. but that seems to be all i'm capable of at the moment.
Totally enjoyed talking with ! Thank you for the book signing!
Was inspired listening to Motor Company's Raj Nair yesterday at the EMMP Program. The future looks bright!
RT : The In-Heat Wheat is just OK. I wanted cloves... there are no cloves.
Wisconsin THANKS YOU Ed! Solidarity!!
Who else is going to be at SXSW next week? Let's link up.
Countdown to Starbucks time: 3 hours
Taking my oldest girl out with me. She's so much fun!
RT : What will you do today to support your local economy? Shop with a local independent business. Make an effort.
My lil cupcake Diana decides to bother me when she's bored 😘
It's a complex issue, but I think one of value of qual is the human component. It seems like a missed opportunity
Don't pull away and lock myself away
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
That angry moment when you can’t find any meat in your soup.
this box can't hold the details we shall discuss! Its funny :-p
have the people who made this movie even been to NYC? cause there isn't a Tudor style house across the street from 30 Rock.
cool bro!
The submissions for the Open City Challenge have arrived at our new storefront! Come vote at the opening event June 17 5-8pm Cc
Why did you miss me? ;)
thank you! Let's hope it can withstand another 10.
Peaceful Journey.... RIP Heavy D
just life & music fam. whats good w/ you bro?
u alive? Haven't heard from you.
but you're really not ugly. You ARE BEAUTIFUL! :)
Laying in bed .
Ready to rock the red !
Rehearsal this Friday, then V-day weekend!
Bad Brains
A little Maker's and a nice Romeo y Julieta vintage corona...must be Friday night.
you don't follow yourself.....
Do you want Italian for dinner?
my nose is full of boogers
my agent it's having me wait on workshops, but actors connection and one on one are the two biggies...
yeah I want it if you still have it. I could come get it. Where at?
Bro I Cant Wait To See The Boyz On Abdc Again! I Know For Sure Im Gonna Cry Lol
Im looking at rich people eating alot of rich food, seriously ?
94% of women will preface their parallel parking with, "I suck at parallel parking."
whatt??!! They hate because they can't dance as great as you :D . .!! Love you Jaja<3 and come back to the US :):)
I will make the wealth of my son's life & future the motivation in my daily life. Within their future ,lies my purpose.
just saw your tweet -- hooking up your computer is no problem.
NE is not looking good
Breaking news: Tito Rojas and La India to perform live on July 8th at Milwaukee's lakefront Summerfest 2012 in Wisconsin.
I would imagine. If not then best buy. (:
HOW THE FUCK U A LVL:60 AND THE GAME JUST CAME OUT YESTERDAY???
So I'm only awesome just for this? pshh lol xD and, I'm positive we can.
hahaha. I hope you feel better :) im sick too. I cant stop coughing :/ well i hope you had a wonderful New Year! :)
Thats my brother tho ; Crazy Tail(:
post the most ridiculous tweets
I love a girl that has pretty panties and greasy lips..
#NP dj khaled ft chris brown rick ross nicki minaj && lil wayne- take it to the head!
Football combines two of the worst things in American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.- George Will
thank you!
Good morning Milwaukee! Warm day today, and for Wake Up Wedding Week- bridesmaids dresses and affordable honeymoon ideas!
Hometown show tonight I will def be at Rivertown prior.
at the dr office getting my last treatment WOOHOO!!!!!
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i really hope you see this, i love you
I still haven't seen everything. And I drive so slow. I should just get out and walk sometime.
is packing for South Beach, drinking Shiraz, and listening to Xtina Aguileras Xmas record :-)
Who's excited for draft night?! What do you think the top 10 of the 1st round will look like?
Tomorrow I just want to drink coffee, listen to music and read.
to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at Wentz Hall, Sat 4/21 at 8pm! Must see!
she's a little bit of heaven with a wild side <3
Watching movies in math 👍👍
Congratulations St. Louis Cardinals.#worldseries. Championship #11 in '11!
An idea worth shouting! walking over tiles in the built environment that capture energy.
Couldn't be prouder of and - thanks for the ride gents.
I won't be able to watch them for 2 wks. #youdontknowPAIN</3
Nd we gonn party, like there ain't no tomorrow
Great. So numb after the dentist... can't even call my dogs back home. They just keep looking at me like I'm a retard.
well I hope he told you all about it... and that you're going to share it at the next
I'm a producer from Houston, what type of music you into? I'd like to send you a exclusive package of new ones I've made
Kicking ass at pool with
haha thank ya
#americasgottalent is ON!!!
hey! (: met u guys yesturday! i followed <3 please follow back ? :)
please dont give me up for lent :(
RT : #MusicMonday "I Need Thee" by & #TheEncounter Needing God to get through this work day.
woman warrior
Ok, have to stop trying to do everything in this one paper and just do what I can. Done is good. Save improvements for the book.
or perhaps he's been offered a spot as a Fox News talking head.
yep yep your very hot :)
No ones replying to my text messages./: Great. I'm lonely . :(
I am now in pre-production for the video series, storyboarding the first season.
Wow aim <.< Whats aim? lmao Aim is getting lame -__-
interesting....RT : ty to #GoldmanSachs inviting 600 peeps to talk on meditation in investment bank-who'd of thought?
What is #Elul? Elul is the Hebrew month before the Jewish New Year. Its the signal to get our resolutions ready and our life back on track.
I forgot how beautiful my drive home is. Or even how much faster others drive when it's daylight. CHEERS, to sunset commutes& longer days.
SHRIMP TACO'S tomorrow on SINGLE CHEF! Easy and Freakin Delish!! LIVE @ Monday 6pm Pacific 9 Est. link is www.theroomlive.com C ya then!!
Great Album guys,much respect!
me and my best friend sent in a letter to Ellen talking about all the amazing things about you :) Btw 11:11:)
These are literally my exact words. RT : "may the 4th be with you" *blockdelete*
I think we just hit Gene Hackman with our van.
hey Adam! Huge fan. Would love for you to check us out. We're a band managed by !
go look them up ,)
Omg ,ok if you gone have your ass out in a pic ,please make sure your underwear is not shity
If this year would just end, I think we'd all be okay.
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF ASK HIM TO PAY YOUR MORTGAGE
ahahahahahaha .... why, yes. I suppose it does. 0.o that's QUITE the title
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
yup its just my little snack before I go to the gym lol it was low fat burger ^.^ “ sum diet”
What happened to the emergency alert test? I'm watching CNN and.... nothing. :(
DO IT BRUH
I haven't been to Toys"R"Us in SO long!
u took me out of ur thing :(
I need a fuckn job ASAP
Been writing anything of late? i confess to not checking your blog.
you never on when im on
I didn't see anything in the press release that detailed funding source. Did you?
Cal won't be after their loss and our win. Go Aztecs! I...I believe...
not shaving so you keep it in your pants...or rather out of your pants
maybe if u kept ur white phone you'd attract ur perfect Asian man. Think about it.
Why am I up so early on Saturday morning?
