But … I’d like to share my new book/blog post/product/seminar with you! Thanks, but no
The trainer? We just started last week - good first session! Learning "sit-stay" like a champ!
I SEE THRU U.
To do list: 1. write a To don't list
go ahead and give Coach Cal your commitment. Be the first to start the dominos in your class.
sign a bunch of them and when I fly over Africa to Armenia, I'll drop them out the window
im on my knees daddy lmao
Seven. Don't you own an iphone? MyFitness app.
Andrewww ): I can't see the video 😢
**WHY the fuckkkk did them Harry Potter movies go so IN!!!
Thanks, bye.
I'm good I guess :) you?
So many bbqs today, I'm eattin good!!!
I LOVE Evernote. Notability is great, too.
Committment is the Glue that makes a relationship work
Having major technical difficulties with #lyris today! Don't they know I have deadlines? :(
What's the one thing the Easter Bunny doesn't do? Bake! Let us do if for you. Pick up a Just Desserts Carrot or Lemon Cake! Hop! Hop!
what the actual fuck?!
last night was awesome! Thanks for having us! Let's do it again soon! : )
Will it be on City Channel 25?
Yes, and they're also not allowed to tack signs on vacants...yet so many of them do.
Wolf: I'm not granting a Rule 29 motion to dismiss any charges against Vitale.
#psu this weekend to see some fools
Thanks for the support, Will. We're working our tails off to make things happen.
thanks just got it and replied
I recognize the Armenian Genocide. Do you?
YES! What a bitch...complete w/ hard core enunciation RT : Sally is turning into a little Betty, isn't she?
If it doesn't exist when you are sitting in silence, then it doesn't actually exist. -Adyashanti
7 game series
You're a real cutie, like me:)
Malcom McClaren, former manager of the Sex Pistols and the New York Dolls, passed away this morning. RIP
Exactly 5 more months until I'm 16!
We know right?? Have a ball! RT : THANKS! Horses + Margaritas + best day ever.
“: 142. Before I die, I will visit Italy.”
Ask any guy 10/10 he say every girl he dated did some crazy shit..
": Thursday already!?" Happy Thursday lol
You sound like a man who made his way around the entire league. You make a great point, though.
Yes! Love 's work and also supporter of and the #nomadness #travel tribe
tommorrow? Are u tweeting from the future again?
Long story.
I am very proud :) BUT i am not so proud of the chem exam! lol... jk atleast you tired.
Ughh i hate getting up early getting ready to leave
Gonna see my girl friday. Hell yeah
Yay! I've been at work and MEPS since 8 last night & still have to swear in, I'll be sleeping when I get home haha. Excited?
merry xmas to you to bishop
Thanks for the follow!
hey are you and the parentals sharing a room on thursday or did pai want a separate room?
Thanks Frank for following!
Fondren is closing at 6pm on Friday, May 15 and the phone system will be down, so don't get caught in the Library after closing!
What's your plan to win?
had too text it to you lol too long
Things are lining up nicely for the Browns to get the RT or WR of their choice. Come on baby!
RT : your mom! ^looks like Charles Barkley with a dress...Oh I think those are all the ads on the internet already..LOL!
The Civil Heretic came from moi. Ever since I read his writing on the origin of life, he has been my favorite living scientist.
bro I think I am going to get the cool grey 12s
Great to hear Double Trouble is on the bottling line.
That sounds AMAZING.
Tell ya the truth, Ion need ya ass .
Everything is Always going wrong ;(
o ok I feel u...dats wats up u on yo business
After the #dem and #GOP conventions there will be spikes as pimps flood those cities with child sex workers.
Audio Interview from The Used coming soon!! :)
Up tha road I go! Business trip..
Got it. Will Do.
:) and thanks for bringing me all that stuff when I was hungover Sunday<3 it helped a lot!
My boys getting his swing back! 2 games in a row. Bet he comes close to 40 again.
thanks for the RT!
lmao with who?
Thanks for following! Do you have an electronic catalog of your global properties and partners?
fingers crossed
reading up on Google +
Yes, I know I layer like a Mormon; it makes me feel cozy and comfy. Or, maybe I layer like a camper. It works for me.
lol :) i miss you and hey i'm not lying haha you're beautiful kid!
"good people, good loving, good music in my life, it makes me happy, so happy..."
I can get those camo foam customs for you
This is gonna be a great week for me and my family. It's already written. I can feel the spring breeze coming.
Wat up babe how u
what are they saiding
what language was that?
If u have prayer requests or know of others that do please forward them to Allow us to go to God on your behalf!
#thingsithinkwhiletextingyou how i wish you were here with me :(
hell i have to write an essay hell no! >.<
Go positive or go home.
What's your favorite song off Let's Get This Straight?
Happy Mardi Gras! As if this day isn't reason to celebrate enough, Broken Yolk on Wisconsin Ave. is finally open!
Bumpin' oldies on my cellular phone
Bout time too lay des joints down
omfgggg why are you such a hoeeee
Tiger is looking really good. A lot is going his way, will be hard to beat this weekend
These #Lexus commercials are obnoxious
People judge quickly. Dont let people get the wrong impression about you.
IT'S GAMETIME!!!!
I'M DOWN!! LETS DO THIS!
Tired af .. im sleep deprived!
play some of my songs send me email address and Ill send u some of my music mp3s
OH: This is my third outfit today. Since you've been here.
Thor and DD are. Cap exists in a separate TV movie but I like to think its the same universe. Head canon.
i'm pretty sure one of my students is pulling in the plot of The 300 in a response about the evolution of the classical style in scupture
put on socks
your welcome (:
“: Deal in place to keep Texas, Oklahoma at Cotton Bowl through 2020." best tradition in sports and best college wknd ever
Thanks for following & RTing!
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL again! Wow!
can't really tell a good story over this thing without going over 140 characters
have a good trip
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks forgiving more than once is dedicated and loyal
sitting here with and #partying!(:
Just getting better every day, Janet. No one ages that fast!
#RepYourCity Boston stand up
lol man I swear
I'm trying to get trippy tonight! Lets do this
9 times out of 10, a writer’s “recurrent thematic fixations” are really just a lack of imagination. But don’t tell the lit crit people that.
i wanna go =P RT Headed to play B-Ball
yes! Me too.
Nominations open for GLORIAs
told me what?
I have a craving for broccoli.
Nigga you gay ... - Riley's Voice-
The 2004 version of Ben Sheets.
Who's ready for tonight at #poppinoff text for reservations/ guestlist
Thank you and much love, can't wait for next year!
I'm not saying there was tampering. I'm looking for possible explanations for certain schools' inclusion on the list.
god i just used the phrase "making bank" but shit i need a job more than paula deen needs diabetes meds
It's good to have a helping hand but a lot of times that hand ends up slowing you down
How can you put more FUN in your life?
heard that. RT : I think God wants me to fail Comm Law. I don't understand.
Be really careful tomorrow. The roads are going to suck. *worried*
Check me out hosting "Faces n Places" on MVTV Channel 13 today @ 5pm.
- Raisin' a pint to my homestate bc the pigs flew & we'll have good beer! Whoo-hooo!
he just needs to get a hybrid suit hoodie of some sort
Utah activist reflects during time in prison - San Jose Mercury News
Thank you kindly! We love you too!
Pinoy workers needed in Angola Recruitment starts on April 24 in Pampanga Capitol
Air and Sea Show? ☁✈
Don't worry, the videos will be up soon, and there are lots of other good shows coming up!
if there's June Hoops in MKE it will become life or death in 2 min walk from 3rd to 4th st
I just want my own , because when you have your own you don't have to depend on anyone but you and god
If you're tired of trends why even have a twitter? and learn how to spell.
Don't you just want Pete Carroll to go back to the NCAA and cheat some more?
Ugh... still having issues w/ even after cancelling and going with - they're like a bad ex-boyfriend that keeps coming back!
Women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.
lol! Now that is the power of positive thinking! You bet!
know why
FLORIDA BOUND :*
Happy Mothers Day to all of you beautiful mothers!
f u
The right thing, what I want, and what I deserve are 3 completely different options right now and I can't decide which one to choose.
what the heck,they're like in a gov.t lab test experiment thing or something, wuuut.omg.
In my feelings right now, tryna get out! Lol
You're welcome!
Okay that tweet got ahead of itself, another acceptance speech pulled from Clueless would fit here, but we've been there...
Putting my $ where my mouth is; I like RB Toby Gerhart. I got him for $8 / $200 Budget.
Thank you, both! is one multi-talented guy.
Jus got done looking at a draft for the mixtape cover looking pretty guuud
Every day. RT : Anyone else feeling like there is way too much to do &life is going too fast? The year is halfway over already!
I gotta go top this hell whole today this is not what's up gotta get another gig if the hours don't pick up
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Congratulations Philly 100 Winners! Amazing Event last night. Check out the website for Winners info: www.philadelphia100.com
This is gonna be one hell of a weekend!
Need some????
Hurricane Roy has you covered for lunch! Sweet Potato and Maple Soup, Shrimp and Sausage Risotto, & Cucina Povera - a tuscan peasant dish.
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving
thanks I just tweeted it
It is. I think, at least, they should be required to identify themselves as non-medical professionals and third-party collectors.
well thank you very much!! :) glad you like it :)
Aww KANE... Peggy ...leave my KANE alone ...:-) Trade him to my house!
- Very cool!
it's pretty hilarious that one of 's biggest fans is a perpetually retweeting cat
Thanks for your votes yesterday at the #DCcaucus. Early ballots to still be counted, but looks I'm coming up a little short.
Not gonna lie.. Watching cowboys and aliens specifically for Daniel Craig !
Gettin' ready for this new sound that's been knockin' at my ear...the fam hungry too!!
Laying down in bed contemplating whether or not to do my hw
You block your blessings when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
I miss our 'I love you more' fights, and the nicknames you'd give me. I miss being able to call you mine and talking to you all the time </3
Nothing personal u just bug the shit out of me
why thank you :) I would have just RT'd you, but you're on lock down!
Yup. Without a doubt that's true. It's very easy to sell youth and potential, because everyone believes. See also: Jennings 09-10
James Sallis is autographing his new book Driven - sequel to Drive - tonight at bookstore 7pm in Scottsdale. It's here!
If I Die Tomorrow don't feel sad god didn't for a reason. I didn't die, my spirit just went on the next level of life. I'll always b wit u
i wish i could go<3
I kno imma day late but shout out to my nigga for gettin his song played on the radio. Look him up and follow him yall
Congrats buddy! God is good.
Some idiot is blasting his shitty music all over my neighborhood. Been going on for like 4 hours now.
lol trust me I wish I could go too -__-
Okay I get what u saying they do to him like they do to me
headin to columbus for some black metal
wow i think i love dallas so far ! i am having a great time and meeting some great people cant wait to see whats in store for me tommorow
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you ♥ u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday.♥
The Skatalites performing tonight w/ The Georgetown Orbits. Tickets available at the door for only $15.
hey, got your email back. What works for you?
Dude, sick. What in the eff are they smoking where they think that's ok/sane/legal to put that on the Internet?? Wow.
Just ordered a milkshake with my breakfast. Stoked
- Great post- great org!
I hope you are fairer to old Bill on your tours. After all, I built most of the city's best parts!
While at Universal Studios, check out Jim Morrison experiance, its 5 hours locked in a room with screaming apes, with air full of paote
FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
Hi, It must be the Kosmic hive mind in action!!:)
Cool, where y'all feasting?
this bitch I work with
oh man, now I just feel washed out for not knowing :(
*Snoopy Dance*
whoo! do it
Where are you playing? Looks like my home game
Great show, learned so much, best theme song in history.
Kim Kalicky speaks about her new book "Away at a Camp in Maine" at the Local Brown Bag Author series...Friday 7/16 @ noon in Meeting Room 5!
You're welcome.
The Big D misses you and Ryan!
Someonee help me get into the show tomorrow! i Have to see and i miss them!
I can't wait to just go to the gym and go to bed. Today just needs to be over.
Where u at homes
"Fraud is required in a capitalistic culture, especially in the arts." - a line from the new play , paraphrased.
Don't forget to go check out this Friday at Mad Hatter in Covington featuring Cincinnati's own & others
Hate going on vacation>.<
on right now!
Westbrook look like his name should be gooch and he look like a tranny.
will text you soon!
hand claps for beasts with upcoming birthdays!! yaaaaas!! lol
with this biggs yuyu , at the plaza lol with some white bitches
yeah that is about right... lol but what can you do about it, apple charges a premium.... RT : my MacBook
Money money money I needs it
Hey fans! We are at the #Milwaukee #Admirals for #Vday !
sorry XD you asked so i told XD haha
This song ugh. RT You even sleep over sometimes but we stay in our clothes. I'm only there so you're not alone.
we both do ;)
Hope everyone had a wonderful easter weekend :)
2 spots left for the Texas class
where u from?
Thanks for the RT! Your photos are beautiful!
why are photos on news feed so big as well now?.
blue jacket with a white hoodie underneath!
Up amd at 'em :) time to hit the road for another 12 hoir drive
All I can now do is hope reads my tweet.
All my female followers follow and they will follow u back
Find your freedom in the music.
Female told me that it only takes her 10 min to take a shower..... Ewww bitch I know yo pussy #Stanks #SadShit 20 min or better lady
a huge collection of exclusive designed t-shirts for all ages. Ready to buy, ready to wear at affordable prices. Pick, click and order.
Re:#8 - Was it a ritual to throw people down the stairs after they died? Or just the emperor? I demand answers!
1 week left on submissions for July issue! Send your poem, story, recipe, rant, cartoon, etc. by Thursday, June 23rd!
Recall those god damn Minnesota tourism TV spots.
tell me what you know about dreamin?>3
OH (in complete earnestness): "Justin Bieber has a lot of good leadership"
Soo I made a friend in my math class..he's a registered sex offender
Pickled garlic? Hm...
lol me to! Just wish we where cool like coach ;)
How do you decide you want to follow a stranger on twitter?
Also, why is he not at IEM?
Anybody own a tandem or kayak I can borrow!? :) tweet at me! 
Can you persuade your party's nominee to follow suit?
I seriously doubt that he RAN.
of course! how could i not give you a s/o!
"Your jewelry looks really cool. I am excited to get it!" Anna from South Williamson, Kentucky
What I do for : Up at 3am to appear on Channel 5 at 5:20am. If you're up, tune in. If you're asleep, STAY ASLEEP! -Matt
Long week, definitely need something fun to do this weekend!
we should do lunch ;) I know a few great cincinnati places if you like crepes I know a great place
awesome....or insane?
#100thingsilove 2; I love everything about him, more than words can describe.
Hi Kim - Thanks for the follow. "Awesome and awkward..." A good way to be.
this is bullshit.
just walked back to my hotel and ran into bob kravitz... Really cool guy.
haha im sure it's fine!
the Mumford quote like my Zepp quote?
just booked an interview with a principal dancer coming to the on the final US tour of Riverdance & will let you know when it airs
Would Santonio have dropped that??
Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end.
hey, we're not for everyone. That's the beauty of it
I think I ate too many desserts today.
Up late. Las Vegas plays tricks with time. How are you doing?
It's a known problem with this phone...There's like 1 sprint store down here.
The Last Troubadour at Boomerangs! With CGS and Eat The Rich! TONIGHT!!!!!!!!! COVER IS FREE FOR 21+ and only $3 for under 21! BE THERE!!!!!
Whither DeSoto? Who will be brave enough to bring back Sunbeam?
Alright Timmy B. full disclosure. Who is on the don't-like list?
hear hear....
Open Mic tonight, as usual. Always specials.
Justin performing after the commercial break! have i mentioned that i hate commercials....
Operation: Sound Off! Featured on American Country Countdown website with Kix Brooks. Watch it at www.OperationSoundOff.com !
Programming candidates conclude. Good 1st round of questions
Going Back-To-Back for a few with and friends in Old Town Alexadria. Bringing a lil Florida flavor to the DMV.
Yes indeed!
RT : how do u relationship
We're opening up some presales for our new Operation Orange shirt today. Limited quantities. Only $10 & support a great cause.
It won't get to conference if it comes to the floor like this. Hoping Taxes will take care of it.
Come on #REDS! Finish this now!
I'd go D Jax but for the RB that seems like a rough one. Maurice Morris aval? take him if so. if not go thomas
Social networking is becoming less and less fun for me.
it sure is & the line's coming along GREAT! The new summer stuff will blow you away!
What am I doing for lent: Giving up Facebook, I'm going to talk to people less, and I'm going to paint more
#FunkFest later today stay posted .....
Thanks a lot! Just did one.
loved the new place, you guys did well!
I just got called from a blocked number and I didn't answer OF COURSE. And yet I'm dying to know what it was. Stupid me.
Andrea 3000 playing Jimi hindrix in Jimi's documentary, can't wait for it!!!
Where there is no vision, the people perish
O: the serial liar.
not so much today. He's got a big xray tomorrow.
Champagne, blackberries & ice cream....day one of being home and I'm already feeling spoiled haha
#TOO HUNGRY
are very legendary. They are very sweet to everyone. She supports ♥ ;)
k i have to get some sleep before im delirious goodnight to you all Z
#winning #nerdfive :D
About to cook somethin to eat.
My dad just got skipped by an old man, and all he had in return was to give him the look 😂😂
co-sign. also: on everything else I bring to work. somehow there is red rot on my kindle case.
When you stop having fun, it's time to move on to the next thing.
thanks for following ! Yes, #education is a priority.
Do you check links that you tweet to make sure they work? Takes just a few seconds but increases your credibility with followers.
#CPTupdate Just had a great meeting. Big news on the horizon. Be on the lookout.
When your crush likes you back...:)))
Who would you vote for in the next election?
Before we can change the world, we must start with ourselves then our world around us will change. So what keeps us from changing?
thank god(:
You also have dignity and sel-respect
#ASECS12 mtg will be for informational uses only. Exec comm approved budget, committee appointments.
uh i hate school
Happy St. Patty's Day! Our neighbors, Future Shock will be opening today with some great sales til 5pm. Get your Healthy and Goth/Punk!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful break! Enjoy the time off from the books!
LMAOOOOOOOO isnt it gorgeous though? id tap that ;P
my song guys
If it were not for this, life would be dead
hey Joshie!! hugs, love you!!
Ñot pushy, just a gentle shove :)
thank you love
HIT ME WITH IT ASAP !!
Remember when the Goodyear Blimp was the Goodyear Blimp?
wups? how did I end up in new haven for the night? and since I just got rejected by !!TCG!! where's the best bar?
now im gonna actually do it, BRO. cause you want it.
Good luck everybody !!!
We bet you all are ready for the weekend. Almost time for some relaxation & therapeutic cocktails!
I really should start scheduling chats with professional colleague friends every week. I'm much more enthused about life after them.
Yooo when the played "Mrs.Right" I was screaming omg omg then the played "My Girl" best night everr
Join us Sunday at 9 &11 am for "Weathering the Storm - Dance with Life". Lesson: Rev. Ray Nelson. Meditation: Rev. David Belton. Music:...
But we can have sex while you sex other women and we have no title? Smh ugh
Ladies, always use the men's restroom when out. Time is $ and I guarantee this strategy will save u 5 min at least
Who's in Vegas This Weekend? If you need anything, hit me at (310) 971-3346 - got all clubs and pool parties on lock.
I have a strange feeling the old traford curse will end today with a 2-1 win to
Just saw ESPN plays of week #2 was catch made by CC Hooks, from Sat. was that #SAMissions they were playing against?
In #pregnant #women who are carrying #syphilis, 80% of the #fetuses contracted the bacteria as well. (#CDC.)
has an amazing voice. You should really follow me and
happy easter everybody
what happened?
Pop Quiz: David Duchovny voiced the lead character in what cell shaded video game?
heard the new kanye today?
Love it when brunch lasts 6 hours.
RT : 150 years ago today (2/19) A trial run of the USS Monitor in NY harbor highlighted some problems.
Thanks for the RT.
Tonight's Purely Social @ Harbor House will go on as scheduled, so drive safely, guys!
Hard days and harder nights....
: Printing has never been profitable! But we do it because we love it.
If so, don't we have to look at those processes as mediated?
Just sayin'. That's why they think you're a gomer.
my experience with ala/pla for actually in-person talks is rejection upon rejection - not getting my hopes up
You also have a good day.May the sun shine bright on ur soul and in and around ur heart (peace)
Hope so--I checked your calendar and mine, and we'll be at the TinCaps the day you plan to be there!
Give her a hug from us!
aw Chickens Morg
Err...technical difficulties...will try to fix. Hootsuite crashing due to the lively Indieviw disc, I'm sure.
“: Pacers won't win 4 games tho… #anybets? I aint think so”<< bet
I need 1 more follower to reach 50. Who wants to RT for me?
Goodnight world! Hope to see you again.
can u follw me thanks
say say bye bye say say bye bye hahaha i love chris brown
Who has downloaded the Mango Mobile Library App for Android? In the language you're learning, tell us what you think about it!
I'm sorry to hear it. Your work inspires. I will buy more of your books and tell all my friends to do the same.
“: Mike Wallace Going Some Where Else” doubt it now
don't think I will be in DE until thanksgiving. Using up my vacation days on Iceland and Bosnia! come to Houston though :)
what do you think of Mora Jr. getting rid of "Over The Wall" tradition at UCLA? Was this needed, or just him making a statement
like, do of the show?? LOl
Sighing is Good!!
hahah RT : "Yes, I'm so glad Facebook bought Instagram!" - No one.
Sorry I forgot them ...;-(
Posting a new Remix Cover Tonight!!! Music Produced by Instigate! #BOOM!
Can't wait for Cali.
no problem sir.
I have a heavy heart tonight. Two revolutionaries (very different, both so important) have passed. RIP Fred Shuttlesworth and Steve Jobs
Will be in the bay all day an night! Whoever wants to hangout twittle little tweet me ha
Congrats to Linda Rodriguez, the latest winner of the Malice Domestic Best First Traditional Mystery Novel Competition!
sounds like my kids! :-)
plz follow me back im dying for you to follow me back
Will professional tackle football be replaced by flag football because of the big problem with concussions? How can head collisions end?
Today some tax lady sent me a text message and i said i dont need yo dusty as help and she called me lol
u can keep da pine ridin for da jags sideline we going to the bowl dis year
Ya good idea push away everybody in your life who's trying to love you and then bitch when there's nobody there for you.
I miss you, Leo Piano.
What? AT&T sold the Yellow Pages to a company called Cerberus? What horrors does The Illusive Man have planned for humanity now?
I'm not the same woman anymore, pain has changed me.
We agree! Love ! Congratulations!
Yeah I'll be there on Monday and Thursday.
Let's have Lindsey unload 30 boxes half her body weight, then bitch they're not in the right spot -_-
so CASA panel is proposing a CASA religion caucus to be connected to ASA religion caucus. ... thoughts?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're curious to know the girl you graduated with who her baby's daddy is. Lol #SoNosey #OhWell 😜
Ten years of double digit wins and after one bad year the fan base goes wacky. That's why I'm a Bears fan!
If anybody knows how you feel, you know I feel
I seriously don't give a fuck about History anymore.
That awkward moment when you're sucking your ice-cream and you make eye-contact..
Come to my house… You can make me dinner!
which link? sorry about that.
the casey anthony/troy davis comparisons arent needed... #RIP ...half of you people probably barely heard about this 20 year old case anyway
she has had detention before, so its not like its a 1st, but last time she had it was 6th grade for a food fight. shes 11th
In most cases, it's also good to establish working relationships, keep in touch, be a part of the lives of those teens.
Hope everyone had a great passover and/or easter. I ate way too much. Ugh. Now I feel sick.
Aolani hey girl
Be on your guard, stand firm in faith. Be courageous, be strong, do everything in love.
I'm ready to go home
What Makes You Beautiful on the radio again! (:
Training at my new job!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 19
better to cast The Rock. He just shows up and the sequel makes more money. I'd shell out for him in either follow-up.
maybe at least this time I can make it to some #bluesdancing!
thnxs for notice!! Plz tweet wen it is up!!:)
What is everybody on today
When i said someplace new I wasn't thinking dessert actually. Silly me!!! LOL
I miss yo crazy ass :)
can't wait to see the spurs smash the seattle-southwest space needles in the WCF
Browser.apk: No space left on device... Had to delete a couple of ringtones. Seems OK otherwise, thanks.
i saw a snake on my run today.. fastest mile i've ever ran
oh. haha lucky!
A Slow Hot Wind (1st band-1979) Jeff Papez- drums - went to the Heavenly Jazz Band yesterday. The Big C got him. I loved him.
Someone fearless! Those roads are crazy.
i don't think that i've been this hyper for this long in a long time
Busy baking 1000's of mini cinnamon rolls and glazing them. Now we just need to let the cool before we pack them up for you to enjoy!
Hate doing tax prep...
haha really random
New Girl can't end like that! I've never had a show piss me off as much as new girl just did. >:c
No running today - nice to have some rest from time to time.
No doubt about that..
Too little too Late, re: Obama Jobs package, Banks seem to have gotten much better deal!
,i loove u
no I know so
find out why delay yet? We are waiting too. Would love to know why such a delay!
Great article in Parade today! You should have talked more about your favorite salads!
Got any promo codes for Score Big?
when someone can keep a coversation goin:) makes it alil more attractive:)
More info on thr event
I had to leave right after Alvarez. Next time I'll come say hi.
Murder ballad #1 in progress in our Oakland studio - hooray for recording and old country standards
I LOVE reporting spammers to Twitter. Although I don't think Twitter does much about it....
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and be entered to win a FREE PIZZA! Normal msg rates apply.
Trey and Matt Stone Parker~ Family isnt about whose blood you have. Its about who you care about.
thank you mayors for defeating the gas tax. www.zanbeelart.com
My battery life and I are losing our power at the same pace. #exhausted #9%
WMA has WFR recert options. Let us know if you need any help! www.wildmed.com
Jacob, Mason, William, Jayden and Noah are the top 5 boy baby names for 2011.
Going to be working on building the RIYC website this weekend. I'm excited 'cause I really think it's going to look great!
#OCFIRE. air assaults look to have subsided
my finger hurts #nobueno :(
Like, the Governator, or the actual Predator? President Predator sounds awesome. Big game hunting for all!
Is it bad I have a crush on
1st purchases are often the highlight of a customer relationship. Try to make every customer experience as positive as the 1st.
oh ... I don't think so. That might be a problem for you ...
It's funny how people suddenly want to be apart of my dream, but what they don't understand is how hard I've worked to get where I'm at.
I'd go up and check on her.
We're thinking about offering a blow dry package. Unlimited blowdrys Monday-Thursday, sold per month. What do you think?
--~~!! SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
RT : I am not shy, I just don’t talk when I have nothing meaningful to say.
Good morning young world
Remove me
Feeling good Friday!
Use your tags people! You are giving us a glimpse into #pcbw for planning the next ... tag it even if it involves pierogi.
^When Israel saw the sons of Joseph, he asked, “Who are these?” “They are the sons God has given me here,” Joseph said to his...
had quite a #concert last night. Rick Braun, Richard Elliott, Kenny G, Dave Koz, Babyface & Toni Braxton! Nice!
Song of the day is coming up. Be ready!
The typical American phrases "you bastard" & "you son of a bitch"
Digger Phelps is lucky he doesn't use Twitter! ESPN should have him apologize to the Kentucky fans he put down like we were his kids.
ah, still cool enough for the brown liquors. Beer is all season. And tis the season.
home in SD and hoping to pretty much sleep straight through to the superbowl. thanks for the good times down under
Hey, if we're going to have Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich leading the news like it's freaking 1993, I would like Nirvana back. Thanks.
Did they start selling the tickets to OC yet?
i already did
In the words of and "Its all over but the crying
Anyone want back links for better ranking? send us your website address to Note this a a mutual backlink
Following a clock snafu, #Spinners hold a 9-7 lead over #Constitution at half.
No hiring JavaScript hipsters!
You got that right! Go Stuy!
Bus driver has an eastern european accent. Makes me feel like traveling!
aww thank you!!
Michelle Malkin wants to know who's a bigger dirtbag than Bill? Try swingin' a dead cat Michelle. (You work for Fox. Remember?)
way to lure me onto twitter and then never use it again
Imma cook u on the court soon as i get home
Spy Kidsis da movie to watch at night!
If your gonna be rude you might as well unfollow me. I promise you I won't deal with you.
Looking forward to tonight's reading at stories books and cafe
no one cares.................... (yanks at shirt collar slightly to gesture something awkward)
It's all those strange chemicals you've been making us take.
lol don't be taking smack either lol
What happens when the State is in contempt of court
hello, my name is alyssa.
Yup! Raw okra! I love it!
so not funny
Bored in Spanish ha
awesome! Congrats To Him!!
Happy Easter!
A great show, Kevin rocks. Check out his appearance on Baltimore's Inverse Delirium podcast, Webisode 39!
Hello Twitter! Currently trying to figure this thing out... Follow me?
whos everyone going for tomorrow?!
ur sacred material spaces) richer, lighter, faster- full of Comfort & Joy May you continue to Give & Receive the Unconditional Love & Wonder
Eww nasty guy decides to whistle at me when I'm with my dad -.- like really ? t-.-
We've got SELECT dishes on the menu BUT r knwldg of #Greek cooking is endless! Feel free to send over questions about any #Greekfoods!
and thank you for the mentions!
Dang I really don't see any Miami Heat fans, they was tweeting all over the place when they were playing my Knicks tho
Happiness is achieved when we pursue our Purpose, with Passion, making others lives a little better.
I can see the red tail light heading for Spain.
The Krusty Krab Pizza is the pizza for you and me!
I'll be there with ya tomorrow.... :(
Cant wait till my friend melodys party tomorrow its gonna be tha sheenits XD were gonna do it BIG
Some women love only what they can hold in their arms; others, only what they can't.
thanks! appreciated.
even though i stand agaist everything beiber, i can't stop myself from singing NEVER SAY NEVER.
Yeah I think that would be my dream scenario also. I LOVE that we have options this year
Do you think it's true that your shoe size goes down too when you lose weight?
"It makes my stomach turn" Nick Anderson on Dwight Howard not speaking up & possibly leaving Orlando...like ex teammate Shaq
I'd be interested in hoe you do guided rdg in middle school. Kind of a daily 5 format?
good luck!!!!
I have all those details for you in the full report but can't give them to you until after my a.m. workout. Stay tuned.
hahahahahahahaha, this bull shit i'm getting fed
#Chess is a #fabulous way to #exercise your #mind and #develop a #framework for #strategy #formulation for nearly any #field of
Good morning, the start of a fresh new week!
I bet Isiah Thomas would love the job
p.s. you're going to be famous someday!
hm... fire in the pouring rain? jkjk, we all know
A1 With fiction, I don't doubt the story in my head, but get frustrated when it's not yet there on the page.
The amount of spinach I've eaten today is just stupid.
Ty Lawson is a beast.
When talking to VCs u must know answers, know ur biz inside & out. Don't say "oh it's in our biz plan" or "I'm not the #s guy"
Happy birthday a day early! Spring break- what a fun way to celebrate your day! :)
too many people at my crib
Changes are coming for how your child takes their SAT's and ACT's. The story at 8:15 on the
I've come to the conclusion all gay men are fucking hot. I'm questioning if the boys are.
I don't like what's been going on with Google. I think I'm going to change my browser and calendaring.
We're writing some new stuff together now so I'm hoping to release it soon!
What signs? Seriously, I keep seeing people say this, but NOBODY says why or what the signs are.
Wow-didn't expect to projectile vomit this morning... That is not how I expected to start the day. Better now-but yikes!
Lol rob to mad
philly cops think they still are in a small town in the midwest!
Five hours to go I feel Hung over from sleep deprivation!!!
Reading about HST and NCLB. So many bad decisions on so many levels. Sadness.
": RT if you're impressed by Liz and Kristi's technique." Hell yeah!! Them r 2 tough women right there!! Love Troy & Jacob too!
Smalltalk programmers would say so; some of those features got dropped from VA when it became Eclipse, though
what would we do without it?? Hope keeps us all alive, or at least wanting to live:)
The Florida Panthers win their 4th straight game with a 3-2 shootout win over Buffalo. Panthers now 5 points up over Washington.
Preach it.
alrighty, heres the deal. it was all gloomy and rainy today but on Wednesday and Thursday, its gonna be all hot at 80-83 degrees.. wtf.
>50% individual ownership of all renewables in Germany, <3% utiltiy-scale. ~25GW installed #solar in Germany v. ~5GW US.
Glad to hear it! Good luck.
I'm going shopping, too.
you should go follow and re-tweet me <3
Volunteers are needed to help with the SLIS Graduation Ceremony on May 20th! Email Tanya at .edu if interested!
Pls add me to your #iUMD twitter list
Dawn of the downpour
You are the most beautiful woman in the world, and played my 2nd favorite character on TV.
Sounds like a blast, have a killer run
stop by The Bar! Happy hour from 4-6 EVERYDAY! Located off of St Rose & Bermuda
oh! Haha I didn't know you were on the last season :P I'm watching season 3!
Yes forreal forreal. I'm done.
Great photo Don! Thanks for coming in for brunch - we look forward to seeing you again.
MetroStage's production of "The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Tickets for 5:00pm and 8:30pm today are on sale now. www.metrostage.org
It's amazing how just one sip of good coffee can make all your Monday grumpiness just melt away.
#GreatestSportsMoviesofAllTime The Replacements, Any Given Sunday, and Coach Carter
hell yeah we are!
done :p
@ the VCU school wide business competition. Congrats to all the finalists!
It's Monday! How was your weekend?
fry sauce, fry sauce!
Tonights going to get a little bit cochon ville
No, you know it bitch.
you make me feel like i'm living a teenage dream <33
Let’s celebrate family participation! MPS along with UW-M hosts Education: A Family Affair.
Letting off two different choppas at the same damn time .
Y does college costs so much? Then ppl wonder y so few attend.
Thanks for the shout-out! We did a rebranding and are now :)
“: The smallest human penis ever recorded was only 5/8 of an inch (1cm) long.” damn they know about lol
I miss the hand wave. You could Clooney wave, maybe.
"The traveller sees what he sees. The tourist sees what he has come to see." - Unknown
Reading Agile Coaching from the pragmatic bookshelf. Shoulda read it 6 years ago.
Thank goodness work is going by fast 😓
Perfect day for the program fleeces to arrive! Nice when a company does little things for you
RT : Finally wrapped up the "Poppin Pills" Music video
“: Today is beautiful! Sun shinning and perfect weather! It feels good to feel good! Hope your day feels good?”<< Yes Dear..:)
glad i'm not at school tho . . kinda .
Salsa at Madrigall tonight, let's break 200 tonight! VIP raffle at midnight for those who come before midnight...I'm giving away free stuff!
Holy Smokes, peeps. This has been a day. Going to bed. Not just saying I'm going to bed, like usual. Really going... really...
This guy asked me to prom. I didnt go. Day before prom, I find out that the boy I like who graduated w/ me is going.
On my way to manchester airport....:D.
ok spread da word if y'all really want to do it
Action indeed is the sole medium of expression for ethics. -- Jane Addams (1860 - 1935)
Real soon! RT : SOON! RT : Hey , when do we hear about PAA 2012?
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.23
I'm about to be at the big 10K tweets
Awwe I gave my mommy her things I bought her she loved it she started crying!! I love my mom shes the best mother anyone could ever have!
God, I fucking hate snow. Summer,
Good Morning & thanks for the follow, DM sent.
JUST ADDED! OCEANO! w/Suffokate , Oceano(special guests), The Red Shore , MurderDeathKill, Blind Witness, King Conquer , Kill The Masses!
April's customer spotlight comes all the way to us from Caracas Venezuela !
So apparently if you have more than 1 desktop in Lion, any desktop not in fullscreen mode and is not the first desktop has no top bar. #WTF!
it hurts... right in the heart
That's why you got accepted to
I thought you hated me..
Glad I came home and the best thing on TV is Cradle to the Grave
yes, yes and yes :) I teach and perform...couldn't have one w/out the other!
Q9- daily in lunches
working on my MVAT marketing project... with chocolate on my right, water on the left and a rockin' pandora station.
should follow (:
does that come with the hangover companion?
Wishing everyone participating the #NYC an amazing day! What you are doing for others will always be appreciated.
In the last 2 years Remington Capital Inc. has obtained offers of financing for 40 deals totaling $247M.
Im doing COver the night too! :D
Thanks for the tip. We'll keep an eye open for it. It was filmed in Atlanta so that makes sense.
I cannot brain to day. I has the dumb.
Go to Rolling Oaks mall today at 6:30 in San Antonio(:
Hey! How have you been?
No problem! Awe your support rocks!! Thank you for loving #HartOfDixie <3 xoxo
": hey TINA! Love you! Tell Marcus we said Hey!">>> sending him the msg, we love & miss u!
Lost weight my ass, You've gotten bigger.
Last Chance! Today and tomorrow are the last days to snag a $25 gift card for just $20!
Review: This feeling of peace continues through the entire book, even when the active is thick and heavy. This was such a treat.
Never picture myself with someone like you.
so glad to be watching the mavs with you! Especially since they're gonna win this game.
me! Please do a cover song episode!
Pickup Line: You're ugly but you intrigue me.
Pete Townshend once spoke about ending The Who before they became parodies of themselves, a joke. America is becoming that joke globally.
Who plays tonight ?
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over; but had me believing that it was always something I'd done.
No worries.
Will you be livestreaming the Celebration of Junior Seau's Life from Qualcomm on May 11th?
: tell me what to read next & I'm on it.
Not really. They started before it ended, but they streamed it at a random pace. Last ep went up like three weeks after Japan.
RT : Currently hiring technicians. Know anyone intrstd in learnng a new trade? Please let me know. #cville / re CATEC
I think my tongue has gotten longer. Is that possible?
wow we have a lot in common, I volunteer at the dog pound
Wow. The Sixers actually pulled off the upset. I still thought the Bulls, despite not having D.Rose would come back and win the series.
High in the 30's with snow on the ground for Minneapolis.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose
i look forward to tomorrow because being able to see a new day makes each one special
In the words of Alexander Hamilton: "Vote or die, bitches!"
I CAN'T LISTEN TO JON GRUDEN!! There is not a player in the country that he doesn't LOVE! Come on buddy, you've lost all credibility
Water shut off to KFA, CSH & Rodli Hall on Tues, May 1, from 9 am-noon due to the Cascade Project. Contact Facilities Management at 3827.
The band from Puerto Rico' slogan was "Puerto Rio does it better"
Jordan should fire his staff an cut every player on Bobcats team
Commission discusses Assemly districts for No Cal
How does everyone get those abbreviated URL's?? I must be twitter illiterate. tee hee.
Meeting went well!! :) now time to shoot!!! :)
Thanks, Ellen!! RT #ROC friendships started & strengthened
Praying for people in North Carolina. Standing for truth isn't easy or popular, but it's necessary.
love mine. Might be a bit narrow for camping with two big adults, but it's possible.
Missed you at the opening but thanks so much for all your recommendations!
Yeah.....it happens
Don't feel good :(
Thanks for the followback!
No prob, G! Anytime. Thanks for dinner!
At my first drive-in movie in Maryland since moving here. I'd happily pay more if I didn't have to listen to the 20 minute lecture.
i hope is cheering for the #STEELERS and not the #JETS :) jets are going down :P
Sounds interesting! We can all use more help with prevention.
his clam is playing 1B
Where will that be? I think he's a great actor, love to watch him. I won't be seeing Avengers though I don't think
Simply a great song.
If catalogs from his company aren't digitized yet, I can give you my email address via DM & I'll see if we can scan them for you.
have someone help you if you can, use a wet q-tip to pull it around to the front of your eye.
Great venues on Saturday night in #ABQ are Library (3rd&Central), QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque, & Envy in Route 66 Casino!
So Think Like a Man is #1 in the box office. That's another movie that won't end up on BET.. Lol
Am gut laughing. Porn lawyers fight Cali law as "unconstitutional" since male "actors" must suit-up. Ah, the irony.
You're welcome :)
Is"Kidding on the square" an Al Franken reference? Seem to remember him using it on his radio show.
LIES! Sugar makes you pretty, just like Wilford Brimley.
ok cool. Is the strike still popping?
Thank you for your kind words Allex!
Apparently Canada is taking lessons from the US, as I asked the same question last year.
I'm so sick of this shit
great pairing
no :D hah
RT if ur horny all day every day
Party at jays house this weekend, bring our own drug... puff puff give....
:) QT : believing that two angels came to Market and prayed over me this evening.
Im gonna start tweeting like a real person lol cause i have a feeling people think im a twitter robot faggot.. i just like followers haha
The last convo I had wit Los he said " WE R RISKTAKERS WE LIVE FAST AND WE GET MONEY HE SAID NEVER SECOND GUESS YOURSELF JUST DO IT
lmaoooo you both saying the same so i guess ya both smart yay case close now 100$ both and buy me a new phone
Any pools open today? It's gonna be a hot one.
ala your picture moves.
follow me :)
Yes; if you click on the cue list itself (in drawer) the inspector will let you assign a hotkey trigger to list; works as GO
Yes I would. RT Hey, would you be interested in doing some guest articles in our Sport section?
Yes micros this weekend ;)
Watch my brilliant colleague talk about the need for a smart U.S. #energy policy on here: bit.ly/v499jc
after #ymiw #whocharted and the Conan appearance you are easily my favorite comedian. Thanks for all you do!
I've missed my iPhone activities!~
my mom talks to herself on FB. It's hysterical.
“: your hair looks so nice in your avi:)”aw thanks girl! I miss you
thanks RT : Welcome new bee friends!
So addicted to Downton. I even got Derek hooked. The dresses and filming alone are worth watching it.
need some good bars in Denver
Lmfaoo!! He said I told her youu my groupie! Im dyin lmao
We can neither confirm nor deny that EVERY major celebrity in town will be dining here this weekend.
Sometimes I wonder!
Pretty sure I need to bind my rib cage together before it splits apart. Oh the third trimester joys...
Beautiful weather in #chicago....out and about
Do u like black veil brides?
Briefly at #roflthing; not #si20, but worth it for J. Scott on and (brilliant!), plus giveaway colored condoms
#SuperBowl Madonna doing Party Rock dance is not going to change my mind. Just saying.
that's what washing machines are for!
Maybe will actually say something worth tweeting today.
very stressed out
yep. It's a little scary when you can't stand to live with yourself in your own head.
I love summer simply because i become such a morning person #motivated 8)
Coordinating media outreach outside of the country much easier than expected.... good deal as allowed me extra time today!
Sweet. “: Just finished recording a MarketingPRofs podcast on #Humanize - W00t! Can't wait til it's up!”
Agreed. RT : I still think: the best story in American politics is the tension between reality-based Republicans and the...
I won't
Biting my tongue & I think it's bleeding
Just a day away for our next 2-Day Sale. These weeks are flying by. Valentines day is just a few days away. Who's ready?
I'm here in my new apartment tonight with just a suitcase and my cat. Can't wait for Monday morning when movers come with my stuff!
I live for those types of phone calls
OMG RIP Carlos Fuentes (I know I'm a day late...)
There's not enough time in the day! AH going crazy
I need your email addresses for the invite.
art is not a crime
HAHAHAHAHAHA! Keep going! This is awesome! And let's be realistic: Cary Elwes is the prettiest of all!
Where is the best place to have lunch on a friday, of course!
say dat stuff to my face bitch kk in like real life i dnt fuckin like u k dnt com to my house n dnt call me bitch dnt talk to
What beats faster printing service than NYC Printing 123's Rush Printing Service. Have your print job printed and ready as fast as same...
Great #music!
hey Taylor I love your music your my isperation and you are the reason I smile everyday so if you see this please follow me
we did it once in the middle of winter driving over the 14th st bridge. Hands were freezing by the time we hit Crystal City
yup yup
"tweet"...Yay!! 300 tweets! I think I'm losing my voice... :D
Heading to Vail for my story today.... wish me luck!!!
I got five tweets already
you know those two 8th grade fish you stalked at church? App caroline thinks the blond one is hot!
Woo! Lincoln Hall is CRACKIN' HARD!! System is bangin' and killin right now!! I'm up next!!!
Go Knickerbockers!
guess I'm going exclusively digital !
2 spots just opened up for tomorrow's date night class. Rack of lamb anyone? (720) 287-4823
The Predators answer the Power field goal with long drive that resulted in a Roper touchdown pass to T.T. Tolvier, Preds lead 27-10.
“: Toured Coco Chanel's apartment w and Clearly am going to need to redecorate when I get home.”
You should have bet your life savings on United beating TFC.
Thanks for the RT ♥!
do you want to know what isn't mine either?
That's not what I wanted to hear RE: Batman:AC. I still haven't opened it. I knew it was bad, but that bad?
Yea, you have the markers right?
i'll take those gloves off your hands
Did u just say Luis Fonsi confirmed to be somewhere? Where?! Was so focused on work y creo k escuche algo de el. Tell me =(
i hope so... depends on (a) how much the england trip cleans out my wallet, and (b) how much paying work i get this year...
LOL I know, they are SO not memorable enough for real names. ;)
yea probably...
"Like" Clean Water? Follow ! We fight for Wisconsin's natural resources everyday!
#Shoutout to all my #followers. Thanks a million.
Massachusetts is boring.
Just a reminder, tune into your local PBS channel tonight at 9/8p for Masterpiece Mystery & the Season Premier of Sherlock! Very cool show!
Time for cardio, pa rum pum pum pum. Don't wanna do it now, pa rum pum pum pum. But don't wanna be a fat cow, pa rum pum pum pum. Ho-hum.
Hm, I like bacon
got the perfect track for !!
Which hat u rock? Original GT or Flat Brim GT? Hyped to hear this.
Ppl suing Skechers because ShapeUps didnt build muscle/help lose weight? Here's a crazy thought: Hit the gym and stop relying on a shoe!!
Going to guam with and a big box of freezepops
That option is really only open to rich hot lesbian couples.
Softball Update: was 3 for 5, 4 RBI and 3 Runs. and Did Not Play
sry wasn't around this weekend... today or Wednesday the 12th?
same with you but I like Harry styles (:
Lunar flares & full sun. See: the strangeness has already begun.
It's time for GREEN TEA!!!
...... dont read the comtract less a mill in dere
love it
you have no idea lol
I like my balls fuzzy as opposed to haunted
Thanks for RT! :)
In swank ass Lincoln Park, sleeping on strangers furniture! Only known them a few hours, but I love to smoke fine cigars and expensive beer
Almost home :) passing vail Colorado.
Stopping at Lili soon for some java inspiration....
Haha, we're so gay!!!
Headed to the 'ham to celebrate the wedding of and David Farris. Hope this day is spectacular for you both!
I dont feel like calling this guy back at work. He's crazy!
i quit playing june last year.. don't even have 3rd abyssea yet. going to be dorking around on low level characters for while
jam session soon - TfknC
Got to hold a newborn baby just two hours old!
yeah for sure - but procrastinating politicians will figure something out in 2032 I'm sure. Hah
yr real voice is sounding more and more like yr impersonation of yr parents every day :-)
Just woke up in Miami...music day!
So over guy drama especially When im trying to get ready to go out
Hey Christina Aguilera, you should really put some more clothes
Got out of work for Wednesday!! Going to see in Madison!
your welcome boo :) what city you reside in young lady?
Dancing around to my baby 
Beware the ides of March.
You really asked who's taking, smh #CIAATourney #OneCity #OneSchool #TwoTitles This is our house!!!!
R.I.P Nate Dogg
I love u wish plz follow me
For tomorrow's Urban Garage Sale, we're bringing SUPER CHEAP amazingly priced items! Wanna know what!? GUESS YOU BETTER BE THERE! ;)
JUST ANNOUNCED! George Hamilton will star in the national tour of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES, coming to the Hippodrome Theatre November 1-6, 2011
Love you Jules!!!
Cowboys fail. Better yet, Wade Phillips fail. How in the world can this man keep his job.
Kenny Chesney released another album. All of the songs are in the key of "Kenny Chesney".
NO DONT GO
why u jump in my mentions in the first place if its only opinions? U may fall for her new shit I don't I like the mix tape nicki
Shawty said "I know when he add a new number to his phone and delete it he can't play me" 😳 inspector gadget face ass
lol I'm going for a ride later ;)
Oh lunch is going to be provided by Jambalaya Girl again this year plus tacos with locally raised grass fed beef from
Wonderful! RT Loved it. Will be back lots this summer. Had been looking forward since 's piece in
C'Mon. Vogue.
Fear what you dont know.
WAKKKK. TWEET LIMIT ON MY OTHER ACCOUNT :'( </3
Thank you! We hope that you will like them!
enjoy the little things in life rule
#RoseBowl this year felt like a game for the ages. Much respect to both teams for going until the refs stopped you. #GoDucks!
Whoa! I was unconsciously walking without limping? That's a big improvement! Hello, world!
Tuckered out after water polo.
Waiting for to write about the seven stages of AE / supporter grief.
happy mother's day pattie! i love you from all my HEART ♥ thanks for everything! beliebers love you <3
follow me because your cool like that ;)
Thanks for the add.
whats with these dumbass trailers for trailers their doing for movies now? i hope this fad doesnt last. first prometheus then total recall
KLAC is reporting that Peyton Manning for sure will not play in the NFL again!
hey i miss slater
A roaring comeback by Eastbound & Down. Fucking awesome season premiere.
Screen printing shop is up and running. Who needs something printed? We beat all invoiced prices!
Happy New Year from your IncrediBull US friends. We've had a great 2011. Welcome 2012!
My car will be delivered tomorrow morning!
Glad i could help mama ! <3 Thankyouu
Juan on Juan ... Lmfaooooo
I can't wait for prom tomorrow to see all the bitches I hate with ugly dresses on.
Oh, hey there, SF. How's it going?
this is awesome, your tongue is so fake...
i thought it meant facebook for a second hahaha i was so confuzzled.
i know it sounds horrible but where going with family friends and were just walking xx
Pep assembly today for UCHS boys basketball team for winning sectionals for the first time in 25 years!!! #goodjob guys!!!
25,000 people are having sex right now. 50,000 are kissing. 70,000 are hugging. And you... well you’re reading this
My phone died nia D: Sorry - Tyler
He Studied Mayhem
Hm. You're very transgressive looking. Thanks for the follow!
yes it was amazing!
While I am sorry kiss fm is gone.... I love my sport n I am happy for ESPN on FM. # 1 on my radio
“: The only time someone should say "boom" is if they are exploding”
I need a caption for my profile pic. How about something along the lines of what I'm looking for in that pumpkin?
new display picture ;)
It was decided that I'd tweet it b/c I'm the one who doesn't know you. Specifically to make it kind of creepy.
Shock me like an electric eel.
I'm speechless
i <3 my sister
Everyday parade in LA traffic?
I love your new twitter background!!
“: Sydney Traffic - ACCIDENT Car, Pedestrian - SURRY HILLS Elizabeth St at Devonshire St”
Big thx for great time at Science communication is important!
Bouta go visit the civil rights museum and stand on the balcony Martin Luther King was assassinated on..
Here's to a better 2nd half!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 9
Doing well with the channel catfish right now
in your neck of the woods today - you around?
Just saw Jay Z wearing an Oosthuizen cap with the sticker still on it
« stranger! -_- » you have my number!. :pp text me i lost all my contacts.
Oh, gonna see if it's on my Kindle!!!
Its groceries. Who cares! RT : This isn't even a debate. Wegman's > Tops and it's not even close.
Not sure if the the penguins cant hold an early lead or the Flyers play well from behind, either way I like Philly's chances
indeed he is.
You're right, they run them but execute? RT : I think coaches are mostly running pick and pops now.
Poker tables!!! Up to 75% off! www.eproducts4less.biz
RT : Hello #downtownmiami Tweeps! We've changed our handle. We're now
damn my printer broke
I'm believing with you, my friend. I'm proud of the work you guys are doing.
Mitt Romney: "I'm not concerned over the plight of Lana Del Rey"
Ty is great, have you checked out his music?
Everyone becomes invisible in the land of dreams
Andy fixing the computer like he fixes his xbox may be the funniest scene all season.
Another #TGIF moment. Watch the movie Growth... Wicked flick. Check it out if you're not doing anything else. Anyone seen it yet?
M great dinner tonight!! Grilled Ahi tuna
finally put a picture of herself unedited! 😳
2NITE! PAUL OAKENFOLD & Body Painting @ RAIN in The Palms COMP ENTRY! Ladies FREE/Men reduced. Say yr on "Sheila's Guestlist" @ Sunset Tan!
Haha! With ya on that one
you're welcome(:
I love - so did my dad.
Don't forget to vote today!
My flip flop just broke #wah that means I have to go buy new black ones
superb. Brendan Benson rocked. And he looks just like a younger Lindsay Buckingham.
What happened?
#SO to those who
I was just gonna tweet you that!
Party is good.. I like this crowd
you bet chief
Just Reduced to $775,000! Beautiful 3 Bedroom Spanish home in Mission Hills - Open this Saturday from 1 - 4!
The Miracle On Ice, Buster Douglas Over Mike Tyson, Appalachian State over _ichigan.. any of these sound familar Tarheels?
About too take me a nap
At 8:45 we have Noah W. in studio to talk about the Vintage Guitar Show going on today thru Saturday. I heard he brought some cool guitars!
you see it but others don't.
Drawing Club is in residence at the AAM expo today till 6pm. Come join us!
Sleeping is for sissies.
You can bet that we will pray for ALL people!
says its live at 11:35 sunday night, not taping.
gr8! Shooting email now! :D
That's it RT : Hey...Hey. The Spurs have won 15 games in a row. Haven't lost since April 11. Uh, yeah.
The biggest enemy of learning is the talking teacher
Watching someone who is high give a presentation is the funniest thing in the world.
Lots of thank you's to get to! Here we go! EROCK
Pumpkin spice lattes work miracles!
via Postal Service Celebrates Another Awesome Day Of Delivering Mail
My mood these past couple days >>> smiles ((:
Expecting great things as ALWC gets ready to worship our GREAT GOD this morning at 1030. Finishing our #WINNING series up
Finally got to see The Wolfman yesterday. Nobody will ever play the part as good as Lon Chaney Jr did.
4th of July is around the corner... What do you have planned? Vacation? BBQ? Tell us what you are going to do.
Can we please score already! We are so close!
First day at my new internship.. Hello corporate world!
Gearing up for Superbowl Sunday!
Try our new BLUEGRASS POPSICLES bluegrass = (blue berries, hibiscus, orange peel, and berry leaves)
I need a miracle stat... And the iPhone 4 is nice but no miracle. Def need to talk bro...
I think he's with his girlfriend ):
There is something wrong with my phone. Any GIRL call it for me to see if it rings?
: morning is always the best time for me. It wakes up my brain and gets me ready for the day!
- Yay, back home! How is
no worries. I might feel the same way, I haven't made up my mind yet. Fun series to watch though. Who do you like for the finals?
i fell asleep !
Throwin' up West Side, cause that's where I reside !
Nope ever say u gay
Let us know if you decide to buy the ring - we will help you find a good coupon code!
do you #hashtag when you talk at the dinner table?
who thought sporty spice was best spice girl. had the best voice out of all them but couldnt say that when was 12 cause she the "dyke" one
I owe you an I/O joke!
Omg I need to smoke to calm my nerves n go to sleep
Neck kissing
Kill those kids with dads and moms
I used to play the song "Splish Splash" on repeat while sleeping, because I couldn't picture evil spirits making an entrance to that song.
I hate everything east coast in terms of Bias, but the pre game Fenway ceremony was pretty freaking sweet
6:29 pm ET kickoff? MT #BCS source to SN: want to make the champ game--through the 4 teams + 3 games--more like the Super Bowl
One of my new years resolutions: To break the 10,000-tweet mark.
RT : #Libras have the kind of presence that energizes and inspires greatness.
How many #RObotz bought 's #RObot bracelet? The winner gets flown to hang with Ro!
please DM acct info, i'll see what we can do.
You can find them on Twitter
I love watching people try to run in snowboard boots.
if you ate bread like me you would learn to like it too
On a lighter note, I'm loving the new cd from
Don't believe Niecey Bash son soft ass on tv crying because he getting a tattoo acting like a little girl
": hearing Randy Moss lit it up today. "looked like the old Randy."" #savedhislegs or
off to Mickey D's :) who doesn't like mcdonald's!?
Welcome to my fantasy team, Jeremy Lin!
"I want to put a ding in the universe." -Steve Jobs #occupywallstreet <--SO DO WE!!!
Woke up covered in sweat but with 115 text messages.
Rise and Grind Beautiful People #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
“: The awkward moment when you're singing and someone asks if a cat is being strangled.”
they supa wack for that. Smh forever switchin stuff up...on the bright side we still have : )
Literally 99.9% of all artists have other people write their songs. is not nor will he EVER be unoriginal.
Oh! Trying to confuse a girl. Your a tricky one
Felt down all day, then realized it was just due to a coworker's terrible Pandora station.
same here, im mature for my age. That's what people like about me.
not a problem
No luck in the woods today. Lots of birds, just not in range. Hit it hard in the morning.
Lotta watery puffy red eyes on Idol 2nite. Not contestants ;)
The 3 IDF are heros. They risked their own lives to stop the terrorists
No cell phones at the wheel! Let's think not of the lives saved but of how this law might affect Alec Baldwin.~D
Game Set Hatch
Today is a great day!
#OETC12 right now, Colleen Macklin is showing you how to make a game of game critique.
That sports massage was bad ass.
Always listen 2 Ur first mindset
People keep asking what I did this weekend for Cinco de Mayo. My response of #freecomicbookday seems to lead to confusion.
Whatever the woman cooks.. :)
Pretty funny. Thanks for sharing.
Well they birthed NASCAR ....
Just tried to send a message on the site, but I'm getting an error. Any other way I can message you guys?
I'm greateful 4 all the beautiful tweets, tonite!! :)
do u know us? I dunno but please be kind www.Facebook.com/fastcarband we promise we don't sound like shit!!!
polar bears can jump. I've seen it happen.
Lots of rain today in Vancouver. Still having fun traing. Its nice to be able to work indoors on a day like today
This is a reply back from my phone as soon as I get on line I will accept your invite thanks for the love
Im looking for somebody that can talk and love me somebody that will hold me;)
funny how one person can make everything so different.
In Seattle prisons, the leading female gang is called The Sisterhood of Aryan Pants.
Just went down a 10 story slide #nasig11 ! Yep, working!
Kids bored again!
Yay! more hidden treasures in the garage. 2 typewriters. Royal and Remington
#Imagine Niall grabs your waist and won't let you go. Niall:"Look at me!" You look him in the eyes. ''You're beautiful. Do you hear me?''
thanks! If you're ever in town on a weekday feel free to stop by.
alright, about to see what this skyrim buisness is all about
I loved that movie
Like I've said .. I wish you two he eat of fucking luck #Bullshit #WontLast #AnotherOneBitesTheDust 😒🔫
and i are native :o( RT I'm in a room full of folk who are native to this region, and frankly, I'm frightened.
Thanks for RT's and the networking!
NEVER we love you Ian
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
I'm bout to do y hair and then make a #YouTube video!!
My mind just seems to can't comprehend the fact that you left
do I have to buy anything or is it just health tips?
Excited to go on a kayak tour when I get to Key West
Maybe yours will meet mine somewhere in oblivion.
well then you shouldn't go to
Yep. And bounced into the upper deck. Stretcher.
Wow! That's really awesome. There are definitely some tools I'd like to borrow.
WHAT IS UP WITH MY TIMELINE? It won't load any new tweets.):
" RT if you're watching baseball right now and tell us which game. #MLBFC” #Dodgers v
I think it's sad that some of my Facebook statuses are better than some of my essays.
I can't help it, I'm a hopeless romantic. <\3
Ha ha. Jokes on you! Those weren't police reports we were filling out. Those were mock drafts! - Deion Sanders
& if everyone else fails , I know my breanna will be there for me . Always has been & always will be.
haha. Not taller & heels. Taller IN heels (yes).
Johns Hopkins employees don't know how to clap along to blue grass.
Just finished a two day class with Savvy Actor. Learned all kinds of techniques to help actors market themselves well. Highly recommended!
“: speaking of alumni, at Studio B with holding auditions!” // Love it!!! Hi Nils :)
It's a good game! It will be even better when the #caps win & I can go to bed. I gotta go back to work tomorrow. :-)
when your with me dork!
Sleep is the best drug ever!
I had a great time, too. You guys are the best!
Baaaaarttyyyy Crouch. Junior. :O
excellent will keep you in mind when we put our field team together. Thanks for reaching out!
Researching network monitoring systems, mostly #argus #nagios #zappix. Looking for something that works with
Wonderful!I'm very sorry for the late reply!It just popped up now!My ipod does that sometimes!Lol So anyways Hi Amy Again:]
MT : Q6 #BVBchat Engage n activities tht mobilize constituencies to make change 4 students of color & low-income students
Hey! can I ask you something?
