I really wish that you would hold me closer when your stresses instead of push me away
RT : Strive for excellence, not perfection. ~H. Jackson Brown Jr.
all day even in the after life
Nite all! Heading off to snooze! z
“: Jessie on dance moms Miami needs to wear something that covers her fake boobs.” i praise this.
Seat 29E [HUMOR]
b/c she doesnt want me to pull off anpther all niqhter
You're welcome :)
i remember listening to you & Rodney on Oprah& friends & your son was just 3 :-)
At Flour Bakery + Cafe with mom enjoying a nice Saturday afternoon. So greatful!!
why do you think that?
Spent the whole day yesterday with my team...
Sports event or dinner out? New
I've missed you too, darling.
RT : URL to IRL friends are the best! Agreed :)
Never a failure. Always a lesson.
Did you ever find a person to sell merch?
PLZ RT THIS CUZ I LOVE U SO MUCH!!! :)
Thanks for the related article!
I wrote an extremelly amazing letter. It explains how I NEVER told Steven anything -.-' and how she's a dork. :D Lmfao.
We skype with students and learn about their different experiences from our own!
Hey mort, what's favre up to?
so much to do. so little time!
Oh don't mind me, Officer. Just casually driving down the road crying because of ' voice and feelings.
Despite being at home to pack and get ready to leave tomorrow I am now doing work :/
that can't be real
Ok fine. Retweet me.
I don't kno what u want me to do. I tried my best. U didn't
im talking what? Lol
thanks for an awesome conference to tweet about! I look forward to it every year!
Share With Friends: | | Music - Jazz News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
When it rains it fn pours...can't handle anymore :(
The Gaelic chicken is delish!!
thanks for following!
I prefer no rack! Let it soak in the juice! Yummy!
I know I am wayy behind with this... But... I LOVE #pandora .. Lol I just discovered how much I enjoy it
. I have a "caution" kid too, man I love that in a child. :-) Seriously, caution in teen years = yes plz.
I love getting my haircut 💇
Very true!
all I'm saying is, we're hiring at Urban.........
Wishing the happiest birthday in this great, great year!! Have the BEST day, Danielle! Happy birthday.
Happy Friday!!! Have a wonderful weekend.
Allergy pill... dry eyes... heavy lids... screen going fuzzy... more coffee...
Get over yourself. Stop taking everything so personally.
Well Reddick really lost it for us when he tried to steal home....
While is recovering from #sfbeerweek we'd like to remind him he's needed at #sacbeerweek in just a few days.
PA people: vote today!
Celebrating completing week 6 of 's #TurboFire workout #I'mOnFire
New NPR CEO starts this week. Interview on KPBS FM today at 11 followed by a Twitter chat at noon. Tweet to with
My whole body hurts.
Thank You. Looking forward to it as well! RT : Looking forward to your Elevator Pitch at
can i get a Chicago style hot dog in the Bay Area?! apparently i can, in Alameda. will give full report tomorrow.
what?! No way! Is this posted somewhere?
way easier to get somewhere using 'barack.'
No matter how early you go to bed, you're still gonna be tired when you wake up...
Wisdom is best evidenced by the questions asked rather than by the answers given.
Happy Mother's day to the most gorgeous inspiring person I know 💜💗🌸
Yes, please tell me more about your hernia, old man.
beautiful, universal church we have; that's 2 different prayer givers that barely speak english, but oh, the Spirit that was felt!
What does your website look like on a mobile device? If you don't know, take a look. If it looks like squares and jumbled text, that's wh…
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them in person.
I'm so missing watching the voice... the last time I can recall when u we're still there lol... how u doin?
Why education is so important: "sicsors" was written on a legal form.
Because I have ideas, but they mostly consist of many of us relocating to Circus Island, where we run the world from our carnival silos.
Yawn. Wake me up when it's summer.
ok I'm going to go home first to change then I'll head over
-36oz so im riding round wit that Nina:)
Boyfriend taking his mom back to Mo. this morning. I'll miss her, but will probably drop a couple of pounds.
I need to get to 1000 followers b4 my friend!!!! Hell ME please! <3 I love all my followers!
Leww is the bomb. He found me all the Liyah acapellas so I could do her tribute mixtape. <3
The Master Cleanse lol !!
#HoodAwardCategories Least times evicted
just stating facts you know. 😌
When your dad tells you the only reason he bought really good speakers was because they feel good when your blasted...
We keep passing unseen through little moments of other people's lives. -Robert M. Pirsig
yep no lie there..could turn around and see it again tonight RT The Avengers movie is outmotherfuckingstanding.
I know just give you a hard time.
Happy Monday! How about those #Redskins?! Happy anniversary to #POTUS and #FLOTUS!
Rangers putting that pressure on
Great ending to #californiacation season 5 going to be a long wait for the new season
How do I get my text msg icon back on my blackberry?!
Replacing it with fiscal & economic policies that continue to grow national wealth disparity and are failed models?
Patriots>giants
taking Mom to Italian Affair for dinner, fasting today so I can eat a whole lot of cheese tortellini w/Alfredo
Ah, but the men indulge in constant pissing contests. Social passive-aggressive, no?
Back at the wheel with finishing up this week's print issue. Hello again, everyone!
Early to bed and early to rise, makes me grumpy!
Wat make u thank u the one, that position comes with a lot of responsibility, ijs
follow back please? ;)
so yeah today just isnt my day.
Nothing says "still pretending we haven't given up" like Slurpee Lite.
Can't wait! I'm
good night Pokemyhontas
Full of win!
I won't need another one if we got one another <3
A bowl of oatmeal with blueberries would be nice.
Grilli's 3 straight FB's made Ankiel look old and slow. STRIKE OUT!
"Happy zombie jesus day! Instead of looking for brains, he was looking for souls" - Best Easter revision story of the day.
": Saturday Night is at " " !! Miami Ready for a House session !!! Mix live !!" See you soon w
Happy New Year to you too!!!
The headband look is finally working RT My mom just texted me, "Hillary looks fab." She is correct.
May he forever be heard by future generations as we seek to create a more perfect international community for all. Jah Bless, Bob Marley.
my glee over things like this doesn't go with my new plan to be less nerdy.“: Couple Things Are Illuminated #lessambitiousbooks”
knocking out this to do list!
i've been prayin all night that the most electrifying man in sports entertainment puts the smack down on cena
same here!
Thanks! You're very welcome! :)
Happy #FF and shout out to fellow Angelenos this wk--
Saw a guy just got his vinyl in Ireland. Should I worry that mine hasn't reached Rochester NY yet? Looking forward to getting it.
Fresh Friday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. DJ 12 Tribe and Kaztro spinning the best Hip Hop, Top 40 and R&B from 9:00 pm to close.
#sloancres I suspect accessibility accommodations may be a barrier for some of the lab and multimedia solutions discussed today?
I find the more I clean up my office, the more room for misc junk I find. Fill that space with something useful, or don't clean up.
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement, nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
so depressing
hey I've seen them too don't worry! Nobody believed in us this year either and we came out one game away.
I just did my Science homework this late at night and it actually looks like I'll get an A+ on it... I guess I'm just good like that...
The best? No lyin'? We'll take that compliment and raise you another. You're the bestEST.
Aww I was subtweeted while I was sleeping so peacefully... ?? thanks for thinking about me. Next time just mention me. ??
Watching Snapped..
Hello how are things going? Hope you had an outstanding Memorial Day. Dont forget to to tweet. Tweet! Tweet!
Or, conversely, what does it say about their views of representative democracy? [this has been "studying for comps and talking to myself"]
you should have gotten him on the Rangers! Don't you have some pull? :)
Why didn't you tell us, Alexander? Stick with us, save your pounds, and go digital on those flashcards.
Celebrating my Dad's life my taking my son to
Margarita Party Tonight! Come and join us. 55% Off Margarita Pitchers at Casa De Lara only through www.dealoria.com
Dear charity walkers: Please don't give your 7-yr-old an iPhone to play with during the walk. Especially if they're in front of me.
no I'm sure did well too, he shouldnt be mad!
Love the coverage. Keep it up!
good then lol ;)
Wanna advertise directly to those customers in coffee shops? Inquire here,
RT : I'm just going to stay under the covers and pretend like its still dark outside.
we support your cause!
Congrats on your accomplishment!! I love you so much!
In life, as in football, you won?t go far unless you know where the goalposts are. Arnold H. Glasgow
How about that #Lolla lineup? Who are you most excited to see?
exciting for goal scoring but some pretty bad hockey from good teams in that series.
another reason to support public transit “: Today on the bus I saw an old man masturbating thru his pants. Uncool.”
WHERE is our check?!?! RT Lovely outdoor dinner in E. Village with
Wow! I'm not the biggest jb fan but thats real good :]
Great write up. I enjoy your stuff. You and I see eye to eye much of the time. Thanks for the insight this season.
FREE tix to see PERLASCA:THE COURAGE of a JUST MAN. Mon. 2/ 20, @ 7 pm at Angelica-Mockingbird Station. Email
Great Quote! “: "Stone crumbles, wood rots. But things as fragile as a thought, a dream- they go on and on.” ~Chuck Palahniuk”
Tommy says cash is king--create some jobs and get a stack of Benjamins from Pasco County!
Who are the at-risk members and how can we keep them?
I need to slow down & take a break..lifes moving too fast
Having worked in Madagascar for years, I need to read 's article "Blood Timber" on the fight to conserve hardwoods there.
Yes! Depending on what part of town you're in, but I would say definitely Oscar's in the Plaza on Fremont
Today i met and from by chance in the , union square. Really cool guys.
Br stall doors should be made so that they open outward. Hate opening the door & falling over to avoid touching the toilet with my pants.
Stuck in traffic on way to Solheim cup, flat battery on car rental delayed me this morn, now taken an hour to do 1 mile. 3miles to go. :-(
I say DON'T do it for just an hour. Let your mind wander instead. If it was 2 hrs it would be a different story. Safe travels.
Are you man enough to clean the house and get the kids cleaned up before wife gets home from a business trip? Can your fucking ego take it?
I am doing great thank you for asking. Any new projects?
WOW! GREAT DAY OF FOOTBALL @ Clackamas Youth Football! SUNNY AND 70!
I'm finna listen to some music...
Having to support Java code that interacts with DLLs is painful.
I know we can't but damn show not gon get ran out the gym lol
guess what is telling awkward stories about your favorite fireworks bartender to his parents.
The joys of farming. The first tomatos are tasting so good. #localmke. Family farm grafton. Stop by and see whats growin...
Congratulations to Cirque du Soleil on the opening of IRIS, their new permanent production in Los Angeles this week. Which city is next?
You must be under 30?? Eat before bed = acid reflux. :-(
Smile a lot. It costs nothing and is beyond price.
#SoutheastMemories wen me an used to steal chicken sandwiches an sell em for $1 kuz freshman year dey waz $2.we used to boom
Thanks, friend!! xo
shout out to you fam good lookin' out!
girl me 2
Inappropriate work convo #4,527: Tiff: Donuts in the kitchen. Todd: Oh man, did I miss vegan-donut day?? Bummer. :) Tiff: Suck it, snarky.
Also figuring out that the same thing is happening with other people I follow (and long since been approved) w/ protected acct
PROGRAMMING ALERT: Badger FB coach joins The Mike Heller Show at 3:45pm
Where would we be without Damon Fizzy? :o!
Thank you SO much! :)
Great time for a company/organization retreat!! Check out just 1 of our many wrkshps. 2 bring trng. to an offsite.
I repeat things for emphasis. EMPHASIS!
Thank you maam! :-)
you need to be our talent at 2012 Denver Pride. 2010 we had En Vogue.
back on
shit I can't find my D Wade jersey
I RT'd it the other day.
haha i bet I can extend your record with Orgasms lmao
Omar was killed by a boy from Greenmount West.
Nothing like seeing the happy mother's day tweets and retweets from assorted porn whores.
Bet y'all ain't know Braxton off The Jamie Foxx Show is Tim Duncan's brother..
Whitney Houston is dead?! Weird...
who the hell tweets at 1am oh yeah me
Thank YOU, Cynthia, for your support and hard work for the campaign. You rock!
Ready to cut these records n take my ass home...it has been a TRYING ASS day...1 person I talked to today that didn't aggravate me...1.
Most clicked items in last weeks newsletter 's article and What will the S&P downgrade do to housing.
dont got no service out here
That quote was made by Wally Amos
Currently working on lotsa music .. my other job
Lunch is calling you. Don't try to skip it. Must. Not. Resist.
Great to see a So Cal native making it in the big leagues and on my blue jays to boot! Keep it up!!
Searching for new Christan death/black/gothic metal bands...
Sounds perfect!!!!
Do it!!!! RT i just want to eat a whole bunch of saltine crackers.
Ima Be Wet As Fuck Prom night
I can't scroll down my timeline without seeing a Tweet every 15 min from a teenager tackling another for having the same celebrity crush. :I
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? ♥ Wish i could meet you someday :-) Much Love! Reply pleasee? ? -
if you can make me laugh with cheesy jokes, that makes you 100000000% more attractive!
I want to meet
the preschool final <<<<<
nice! Hope you have as good an experience as we did. Post some pix too!
how is u and ur GF
check out the beautiful and talented
Finally the weekend!
hahaha I started on wednesday... haha
I could use a screwdriver right now
LMAO thank god!
That dude no Celtics fan Minty is the new Steve from fall river!!
Watching The Hangover... This movie never gets old
I knew Justin Bieber was gay, he's got his own line of nail polish!
"They sang to me, 'This is yours to wear. You're the chosen one, there's no turning back now.'" ::bat for lashes::horse and i::
They say #men are dogs... But what does that make a
haha, yes. while flying in a parallelocopter.
Paul McCartney's "My Love" is such a great love song. What's one of your favorites? Oh, and so is Rihanna's "California King Bed"...
Tough one. Trailers for Get him to the Greek looked hysterical...
Had an amazing class today with Tim Phillips.....an AMAZING ACTING COACH!!
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition "taking 1 step @ at time and these jams won't stop until I reach what's mine"
I will be at Sculpterra Winery this afternoon for the Songwriters at Play showcase. Looking forward to a beautiful Sunday afternoon!
I've been Thinking Bout You ♥.
all i need is 3
i dont feel right wen ur gone awau i miss you more
Thanks for supporting us!
Working on new music about to have the game in a choke hold this summer
Just reading a bit of your time line. Don't waste your time on Ass Hats like that. We all love you and think you're Awesome!
Really dislike the new parking deck number system at MCV.
Hi have a fun weekend! I'm also now more often...
dem niggas weak
Hope your day is awesome!
WTF??!!!! Wow today's the anti-homophobia day or something like that I think that's a cause that's worth fighting for. #justsaying PEACE!!!
OMG I LOVE YOU
You guys need to expose tech hoarders on your show. So many better uses for old tech than sitting in the closet.
“: Manipulation and persuasion have negative connotations, but it doesn't have to be that way. - #idea10”
Start shooting Echo at 11 Oak Drive tomorrow. It's going to be intense.
okay cool I guess, who's all going?
I hear that, especially after last night. This place was an apocalypse of green clothes and slurred desires.
I'm jealous of your x100.
Liquid content includes emotionally compelling stories that quickly become pervasive
To the guys in the VW who just yelled at the Wisconsin Club limo, "Lock your doors, motherfuckers."
Yes! Thank you! Few things are more irritating than a falsely ecstatic (or begrudgingly neutral) blurb.
All those fairytales are full of it.
Whenever I feel like this I don't eat 😌
Reminder to all Company dancers...Open Class tomorrow 5:30-7pm. Join us for contemporary class with Miss Chrissy!!!
Watching some Conan!
Flying over capitol...views fr my 3rd floor
they're people too bob they've missed a few each way dont forget the "late hit on osu's first drive"
Avengers is the only movie I've seen where the audience clapped...hell they did it twice!
And it will never be enough.
puppies behind bars, sounds interesting, rememeber there are kids in foster homes the same way
#JustinDrewBieber is trending... #BELIEBERS OWN TWITTER!! TAKE THAT HATERS!!
BANG!!! ;) *blows kiss* ": More Xmas shopping! Shoot me! Lol :)"
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!
Loves that Miami is 0-1. Fear the Deer!!!
oh hey I'm going to steal your turtle. Thank you for postin such a wonderful picture aha<3
ADV ENG I - Don't forget about tomorrow's Socratic Discussion on love! Also we will be reviewing for the Romanticism test as well.
The sun is out and LitFuse is working... cracking the whip around here! I can't wait to show you what we are working on.
Yuckylicious: Have a Heart
I get out there occasionally....love good BBQ! Thanks for the shout out!
lol yeah buddy. we da best >:)
Loved meeting our Kentucky librarians /fellow book nerds at the Kentucky Library Association meeting in Louisville today/yesterday!
my iTunes claims I've listened to Black Kids' "I'm Not Gonna Teach Your Boyfriend How To Dance With You" twice in 2012. my iTunes is a liar.
played it for ya playa. Have a gnight.
Love RT : OneRepublics Good Life always makes me think I should have the top down, wind in my hair, road tripping somewhere
Aw sorry bud. But trusting people is a good trait. The people that betray that trust are the jackasses.
It's a surprise you havent caught on yet. It's noothingg personal, you're an embaarrassment
Not awake this morning blegh
I feel like should be a 24 hour spoiler grace period for all tv. Twitter has spoiled #RuPaulsDragRace within an hour of airing.
": Calling it a night xo"
Finally, some inspiration.
Just wait till you hear our new song #TIMEBOMB!!!
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
*nodding my head to "Call 911 for Emergencies"* Lovin' how you guys sound =]
it was awesome running into you today<3
slicing figs
yes indeed it does :)
RT : If the founding fathers had been in favor of good health care, they wouldn't have died at such a young age.
Best meat - Hinterland
ESPY'S WEEK BEGINS TONIGHT @ COLONY!!
Enjoy! Was wondering if you were in the house this season.
That party last night was awfully crazy I wish we taped it.
#aam2011 "10k followers" session: Walker found that prompting memories with images was much more effective than just "share your memories"
I love #ChillontheHill in Humboldt Park.
hard core! Best of luck.
hahah omg so dad wanted to go to this German restaurant tonight. Just imagine how much food I was given lol
I can't sleep it's almost 5am and I have to work today =( it's going to be a very long day for me *tears*
hey jack
SMTips: Make saving a game. Challenge yourself/other family members to see who can save the most money. Winner buys lunch?
give you all the wellwishing in the world get well much love and respect BROSKI hope to be close !
something like that
we would tear up Coachella!! ;)
My opinion doesn't matter much. But it would inconvenience everyone who uses the Rose Bowl Loop jogging path.
#Wellingtonswag I love how you call your fans !! your awesome
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?!:)
Just got done with this order.....im tired as heck....but we love repeat customers who always order big!!!.....
When I think of "him" I smile When I say "his" name I giggle a little When "he" says hi to me my heart skips a beat<3
Success! Closing racial-ethnic achievement gap included in college completion goals. ( budget briefing)
After art-ing it up nearly ever night this week, it's time for lake cottage hibernation >>> KH out
Gearing up for an awesome show with and CSPS at the Canal Club. We may even have a new song for just such an epic occasion...
Also congrats!
Lol they good its my first time eating them RT That's my fav!!!I I'm jealous lol
I like the beauty in games. Especially ones found at GenCon!
Yep, 10 levels of strength on spiked dong of doom. And The Red Dragon. Like a rabbit, but a dragon.
david rosenthal (lockss): with web personalization, we may have to settle for capturing "a" rather than "the" user experience
time for you to get the hell outta there like for real....
Akinade: scholarly publication faces many challenges,most of which are money-related:educational budget, scholar pay, equipment.
Come on Lakers.. Do your thing
The TNR article on Perry makes a point about how out of touch the academy is. Perry's proposals, however, seem unhelpful.
Kendall. Jenner is my favorite. Kardashian!
well Nabokovsanity isn't quite cutting it for me...
Anyone here familiar with FFMPEG encoding?
": When you say you're "in love" make sure you do love the person you're with and not just the idea of being "in love"" truth
Knick fans parting like the red sea all quick like bwahahahahahahahahahaha. #letMiamiGo hahahahaaaaaa
Is ready for some time with & our boys this weekend!
OOh No, I forgot my markers
So apparently being a lesbian is the latest fad at Mater.......
I knew it. Guess I'll just stick to watching series from beginning again.
writting part 2 for the story :)
Why is internet always 100% more interesting when you have homework to do.
Dear Math, I am not your Therapist, solve your own problems
alright, thanks! :)
Hello! Do you have any cute rain boots in stock?
In that 'everything pisses me Hoff's kind of mood.
Just had a fabulous prepared by Mary at oraclefortunes.
You feel speacial.!!
Found a dress, just need a date! ;p
If I could have liked your comment on the blog, I totally would have. Such great points with a healthy dose of sarcasm. Love!
Well, that happened.
Glad you liked it Steve
Its a beautiful day, how is everone?:) -Ashley
Something tells me I deserve this...
thank you so much!
There's nothing more that I want than to get a college acceptance letter from the University of Florida already
Excited to see play!
Isaac's dream! loll
thanks for the love! we couldn't be more excited!
"Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it"
I wake up at ten to seven, at my own accord, on weekends
just here for a week of shenanigans.
that's an oxymoron, right?
Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours
let me when you want to and I'm there
Really don't wanna work today, just wanna play video games all day and not be bothered
that's funny cuz I totally didn't bring her around you, real classy to threaten her that way too.
- what does ragge mean?
Thanks for the RT. I see you work for Safelite. Have you had success in social spaces?
check out ma boy his music bang hard y'all should
I saw the same thing yesterday! Love it!
Thanks for the suggestions!
whoever claimed #sleepnessnights was an amazing action packed french film needs to get their brain checked. the stupidity was overwhelming!!
Thanks for the CEM Daily mention!
He Good With That Bitch ( : Cause Im Doing Better
between, the Rt 66 sign, NM license plate and classic car it paints an image of something "different" not just a pretty landscape
happy birthday bro
what's going on??! :-) whatchu up to?
Gearing up for the start to another fantastic school year!
don't forget the margarita! ;-o
thanks so much for following! Be sure to chk out for all of your mktg, adv, pr, & graphic design needs!
Hey, did anyone order a Windows Phone 7 device from #microsoftstore for a $0.01 back in June?
4-1, 5-1, & 6-1 in different places from what I hear, but thats on paper from what we've seen in their past....
sleeping all day = awake all night. oh boy.
Good morning to our new followers; !
I love you, Levon Helm.
“: Cool story babe. Now make me a sandwich.” :)
Where the cash at that's all I ask
Y'all better just hamonize!
This is stunning!
Venus, jupiter & mars were all up there! RT : what planets are out tonight? I think I see jupiter and mars.
Just wondering why these children keep acting like this!
Q1) Imagination and creativity are appreciated.
i want to kiss a boy.
Yeah fuck all the people who act like there doin somethin but there just talkin'
and again as others have pointed out its a start to the discussion only equality of PW's, not other artists
RT: With runners on first and third, #Padres' Dale Thayer strikes out CarGo to save a 3-1 #Padres 3-1 victory over Rockies
Thank you for including info about my blog on #citybranding as one of your favorites.
I'm well man, fresh off vacation in the bahamas, burnt. Whats going on this weekend?
Happy birthday Mista Newton. (:
Watching Martha..man I wish I had some of that cake..Wish I could win that sewing machine too..I have a damn KA mixer!
w holidays nick :) hope u remember who I am the one who came up with #rouxer ?
Are you volunteering this weekend? Tell us about it...
Game & Fish bill passes, among other things raising fees for fishing and hunting. That amendment failed in the House version.
Lots of great "real" demos this AM including article level #metrics from #PLoS (Pete Binfield)
There's a OLLG ticket? Wutttttttt
Cognac is now fiscally attainable! RT : Ha is only in it for the booze 'Cheap food' indeed. Lies!!
Are you okay?! RT : Wow-finishing- I handled this but shouldn't have had too-crazy- #strongwoman. But it is troubling
Who do you see as the #NYRangers biggest threat on their way to the #StanleyCup? Pit, Bos, Phi, other?
Saturday morning! We're gonna brunch it up :)
Dude, just started following you. You're killing it on the Jets beat, keep it up. CC:
Tell Walmart to fuck itself. Far more appropriate imo, not that Monsanto isn't bad.
I can't believe you tweeted my private prayer request!
no :( my furniture finally came today & i have a feature due this week so i'm swamped. are you going to any other iny events?
well last night you wanted someone to talk to....
it's hard to follow the best, y'know?
I WANT PASTA!!! - eugene OF COURSE IT'S ME EUGENE CAUSE LAUREN NEVER TWEETS!!!
The sound of kids singing in the morning...happy faces...I'll take it anyday!
Mornin' all! Hope everyone has a great day full of basketball, basketball, and more basketball!
developing the daylights out of a new site for , it is coming soon - a lot of hard work going into this one!
Bought some twizzlers to eat while I walked home
My feeling is that he is 2 much of a project at four. I need more of a guarantee at that spot on a team that needs help EVERYWHERE.
Copied from Facebook, bro!
Hey Nikko! Hope you are doing well, you been on my mind. I know you're strong tho girl.. keep faith :-)
In 60's/70's ppl spat on military service folks; my plane just applauded for soldier on board. Progress in public discourse, beautiful hope.
thanks Dr. Mark!
Give us your thoughts. What are your thoughts on Braun, the Brewers getting Gonzalez and Ramirez?
social media is a democratization factor, it doesn't enhance diversity, it equates everybody
Commuting blows
maybe next time you should help the old lady cross the street ;)
mynewteam gotta be the 76ers for now ....nuggs then rockets....
"At some point, we have to create one vision-- one D-- so everyone knows what their role is." awesome panel
Pay attention to everything and everyone....RT : I'm thinking of going into the field of PR! Any advise?! (:
Per the last tweet- is nothing sacred anymore??
Check out for the Newest releases from Neal morse...
somebody wanna come hot tub with me ??
Hello NC, I wish it hadn't taken so long to get here! #ATL #Hartsfield no fun! could do a bit better w/ customer service at night!
no can do. What about October? My mum was going then.
thats cool I wouldn't have gone even if I was invited- emma
Been doing well! :) thnx drop on by sometime RT : How's cafe Sevilla?
clearly I meant to say "daring" not "dating". :-) lol
There is no excuse as to why Paul Pierce can never have a Fresh Haircut Period!! No excuse, 2 many Millions in is wallet for that nonsense!
hey don't you think TLC's "Toddlers & Tiaras" is just like a "Jersey Shore" kids edition?
My mother was the first woman in her family to go to college, and she says it was possible because of Jimmy Carter's Pell Grants program.
Excuse My French lol
Band was #swangin tonight at Dizzy's!
Thank you Twitter for welcoming us in a few short weeks! We'll work to keep you posted on all the details of our book and movie projects.
10k a year to blow bubbles with
Testing Friend Stream to see is it really works ....
I am accustomed to sleep and in my dreams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake. - Rene Descartes
It's awesome that us paying Google Apps users can't get on Google+ yet
Welcome...Great Tweets
<<=== you boys found a good one. Read some nonfiction and learn something bud
Party tomorrow with <3
Aloha Harry!
that is true #friendship I love he has to be one of my favorite and intriguing ppl!
Looking for exposure FrecitiMedia dropping 1st issue of magazine June 1...Get ur ad today 6 different markets....we in the streetz!!!!
when do you need it? I have two at my parent's house!
I've been missing your food pictures!
hahahahha scrawny. That's funny. Ill beat the shit out of him
Yeah, its worth listening to. There are some really good songs and then some not so good ones
RT : RT : just fucking killed the studio with New song will have Cleveland killing Sally BIK
Haha, that's too true!
RT : Yes, I am a professor for USF. Social media certification just became available for enrollment. (very cool!)
Oh okay so all the dipshit gods die in the end except for hades. Wow hahahahahah gay
For those who like to kick it old skool, our walkie talkie handle is SMOKEY THE PLUM.
Saw you on the wall at Busy Bee's.... is it not the best!?
I'll call and txt him too...I LOVE the SHAMBLE!!!
Off to Florida with :D
I texted you
Totally Boy Band! Cool
Getting upset,, need someone to talk to....
So what we get drunk so what we smoke weed we're just having fun and we dont care who sees ;D
Just saw a guy propose to his girl here at in front of - she said yes to much applause!
I hope Ev is feeling better :(
Found my old Mr Twist album by Kids said it sounds like old people music. I said no....it's music to bowl by.
Debate with action, proselytise with results.
Thanks baby for the 3 muskateers, they are so good
nice ride!!! i have the same frame but the ISP. Giant makes some wicked bikes!! enjoy!
Great Prices on New Construction call for details scottbensonrealty.com 972-249-7219
Watching I Love Lucy
haha okay. Then tell these bitches to hurry up. Jk
So loving my coffee mornings with - its the gift of unemployment! H - seriously think about my chicago idea.
Highly recommend the new GALAXY NEXUS
"I'd like to bring these guys/gals to you because they are different. They have their own purple latex fashion style..."
cool! I've only heard a couple of her songs. How do you get tix for that?
omg I love you
girl: ily boy: awww i love you to girl: I'M LEAVING YOU!!!!!!! xD fail
Today: Evaluation of Systane Balance for Normalization of Blink Patterns in a Dry Eye Population (D963) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Everyone is life is gonna hurt you, you just have to figure out which people are worth the pain. <3
mine to shooo I got tha heater under the cover lol
every one have a great weekend
going to target when you're a parent is even worse. Always a few random cool outfits that end up in the basket.
Bring your tween down to for Tween #Knit today from 330 - 5pm
Plan a shredding block party and all your shredding is free. Call for details.
Aye! Well said. Better to make nothing than to make crap. Crap inhibits and delays the good stuff.
Seeking an Application Developer in the Boston area to develop and implement iPhone/iPad Android applications. Call Maria: 617.262.1313
i need help makn this flyer let me knw whos creative
"The LORD make his face shine upon you, and be gracious unto you."~Numbers 6:25
Making a dairy-free "kitchen sink" quiche today using whatever's in the fridge: jalapeno, applewood bacon, mushrooms. Yum!
you should add alcohol to the mix. Trifecta!
Congrats to he was Fridays random winner! If you want to win tell your friends to follow Happy St. Paddy's Day!
10 minutes to weezer. Thank god for pro equipment. This rain is a bitch
I was literally thinking it was the same thing, I was like "awe Kayla!"
I swear I hate when someone says nut when they're not talking about the food. Just say cum please
I agree with that 100% babe
you're in the city again?
Live and let DIE!!!!!
I wonder do remember my dad DULAA!
Was #Thucydides describing American politics? “The Greeks did not understand each other any longer, though they spoke the same language.”
“: we about to get this party tonight wit ” what party???
Who.s the drunk guy directing traffic? This guy that's who.
It's 3am. She won't put out,
PLAY The Number Game :)
- Ok, someone whose taste I respect. :)
sorry, I was working :) I miss you too! How are you?
Come grab a pair of Levis we still have some fair weather around for u to still rock a pair of 569 or 501!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$1.00 OFF CHLOROPHYLL ALL MAY LONG!!! Detoxifies Digestive Tract & Supports Intestinal, Circulatory & Digestive Health! Fresh Mint Flavor!
haha yeah this is hard (could be worse things though)
i'm always a tweet away :D ..how ya been?
just got HBO so I could watch #gameofthrones. My bro in TX is watching right now, how many more minutes do I have? #winter is coming
do you mind having so many actors follow you?
Does anyone have the date the new #GopherFootball unis will be unveiled? ? ? ?
cool my mom loves that game :)
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining, and dies disappointed. Sir William Temple
hahahaha, so true. Books always go first.
There are 2 types of people in an organization...first kind you have a party for them before they leave...
We could save the world with our laughter. Haha
Dont take a shower with your window open...cuz then a bee will fly in. youll scream... &fall. Fml ouch.
that's what she said! Byaaaa!
If you put my whole life right now into a song it would be Payphone.
thank you for the RT!
watching Home Alone and the Cowboys...you?
Seriously, shredding papers is the worst thing ever.
I just saw walk in. He doesn't see me yet.
do you man and make moves that matter. Coolest Canadian out there.
That's Wat it do Then Bro Hit Me
#DaughterOfABeautician You have to wait until she's done with her clients to get your hair done
Tonight I will be a grandma and be in bed by 10 at the latest #sleepy 💤
Put it like this ... the 3rd of april will be at Have A Nice Day Cafe with that official
U know its a good game of world cup when u have to stop due to fact u can't see a fucking thing due it darkness or a good keeper
Anyone wanna go to an indoor pool with me and the family?;D
If Obama is talking to the Nation tonite, do they pre-empt it for the Braun decision?
The older I get, the less cynical I get.
A perfect engagement gift: Wedding Day Assistant. Email me at jensbriderescue[at]gmail[dot]com for info
Asham is my hero
Can't sleep again
Hello there!
Ah #Community good to see you again!
Tomrrow's Easter?
Learning hindi in the bar with the roomie! #FRIDAY!
And it Is higher than #intellect. A great #soul will be #strong to live, as well as strong to think.
Just finished a class with about 25 of our foreign staff members from our embassies. Great people doing great work. Wish I worked with them!
i'm down:)
I really don't feel like going to class today.. UGH
Impressive group of rising seniors on campus yesterday. 2013 recruiting is off to a good start.
May 1,1942: German bombers first attack on Liverpool. Raids continued for 7 consecutive nights.
Hey you should really follow (:
Let's go eat
roasted three-kind green beans. with which,brewed coffee and tastes much bitter than i expect
Not being able to breathe through your nose when you're trying to sleep is a fantastic feeling.
I love this crazy wind... :-)
Thanks Dustin, you're on my list
glad I was funny...twice!!
Still waiting to hear all the details from our reporter..
Lovely picnic at the U.S. National #Arboretum looks like spring has FINALLY sprung in the District.
Pretty hungry though
close enough lololololol it's late and I'm tired :p
#KANSAS WINS!
Kobe a beast tho, can't stunt.
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope things are better now that you've had a weekend off and time away. What did you end up seeing?
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly & Win $200! Email answers to . There is a tiebreaker question. Good Luck!
very classy
Talking to myself again!
People need to kind their own Business
hey man! You do promotion? Were back on twitter w/a vengeance and looking for new followers. Also
oh my god, Puck with Becky...... HEART IS MELTING!
there are sober kids all around the world. Be greatful!
OMG!!! Big Time Rush is having a concert in #Vermont this summer!
gosh I was just playing bo bo
LTS Heather Woods & Eileen Hardy start off the event. "future of library spaces and services on campus.
Thanks, at the fest! RT :
love all, trust god....shout out to my family
Yes, I saw the invite for #WWF. It was your move; I was waiting on you!! lol
Uh its only Tuesday? Friday, plz come faster?
My 26,000 tweet goes to all my family and friends and # castle fam too hope everybody enjoying their summer thanks for entertaining me xoxo
“: THIS IS SO FUN, LOL, PEOPLE JOIN ME.”
i just realized that the house party will be the next time me alan and are together.
#resume #tips When you interview, USE Google to do background searching of the company to get keen info about the leadership, and mission.
I love waking up to cute messages.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Yes, they are onion and we will soon be selling them in store and at our farmer's markets! Hope that helps.
If I was younger and going to school I'd be in a bad mood it's annoying hearing teachers yap all damn day lmao
No not quite, just meant thanks for the follow! getting there...
The only way to expand your comfort zone is to get uncomfortable
psshaw, i shall start NOW >:3
ya lo sabe loco.
Oh and I can send you pictures of what my book had. It's Jace's perspective of the alley scene from the 4th book & I took (c)
That "In The Heat Of The Night" tweet is a killer cuz niggas KNOW they remember that show as a youth lol
excited to see everyone at the LA division of this weekend at the annual Holiday party! It's been too long!
I've haven't worked with #LadyGaga although I saw Her #Grammy rehearsal with #EltonJohn last year
Thanks, girl!
jokes about rape aren't 'office ok'
follow Dam hottie
IM CRYING TOO...THE PARTY & PARADE WERE RAINED ON...NO KEY HITS...SUNSHINE AHEAD...PO MO!
#Women do not get #BV from toilet seats, bedding, swimming pools, or from touching objects around them.
we just don't try at times and it bites us in the ass. but #ship sounds like you no were going on a boat lol. so i put
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!92
I know I tweeted it before, but I think a combination of Game of Thrones and the movie Alien is a great idea. Get on it already.
Congrats, Brad. Keep us updated. How have you like the Practice DVD set so far?
I'm in such a sugar mood, I want brownie batter and a cake and dutch letter bars and something with carmel
When I speak Chinese in my house to myself, my cat runs with concern to my face to see what's going on up in there. #sadcatladypost?
Hey everybody! Don't forget, we are playing tomorrow night at The National Underground here in #nashville. Come on out!
Glendale! the for Lovers us Festival on 18th Wisconsin Join Beer June in
Almost post draw time!
Np : New World - The Clips
they're all yummy! Hope I run into you sometime there :)
Friends @ CILE in Pachuca. Thank you for being such great hosts. I had a wonderful time.
Falk: "we put a big dent in that over 100 year old glass ceiling at governors office."
$275 for both amp and guitar
I learned three important things in college - to use a library, to memorize quickly and visually, to drop asleep at any time given a horizon
when your over the age of 12 dance battles shouldnt be ur priority in the club
haha omg no i was totally kidding! i would be a real bitch if i was being serious!
nice meeting you at the wonderful event last night! Go #women #entrepreneurs in #tech & beyond!
yes, project based learning, collaboration...doesn't need to be cut throat, but in many ways Biz & school r similar...
Thanks Eli. You just cost me 20 bucks.
more fascinated than obsessed, Ms. Burnett.
I also think you guys deserve another announcement, too. You've been good. How about later today?
great you
Can we get some #FF's goin on? RT!
RT : Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
#Phroum12 Four key things to building a #Cloud infrastructure. Hear from what these are.
good luck ladies!! RT : I'm about to announce #Mamavation Moms...drumroll please.....
Marchers return to Zuccotti Park/Liberty Plaza, several arrests but no major altercations.
#AskAlexConstancio how tall are you ? :)
I am reading #Code 2.0 now, transformative in my understanding of the #Internet. Hard for gov promote #privacy and
We love us some Archelon Enclosures. The best enclosure system money can buy!
Leo tweeted and he's username on instagram is #whoisleo and sorry the I only tweet u now i was busy ..!!
I needa stop bitchin cuz my job could be way worse...
Listening to some getting ready for the big show Sunday that got and I as a wedding gift! Psyched!
“ “ Niggas only act funny when it's somebody else in the picture!!! #fact”
“ Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like hugging a cactus. The tighter you hold on, the more it hurts.”
After taking a beating where we've become a wounded animal, I like to quote Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto because it best fits...
Did you know that any #digitalsignage screen owner can get involved with locbit as long as their screen(s) are connected to the...
I'm naming my kid rdawckabsemaneradipoots.
I see lol and not shit man chillen what have you been up too
MACRONUTRIENTS - Know what they are? How many? Kcals per gram?
I probably already told you this, but the doctors thought I had Downs Syndrome for the first 2 days of my life,
So glad I didn't listen to the lazy me and not workout.
The Loving Story is an #HBO documentary on the Supreme Court case that abolished state bans on interracial marriages.
Working and playing some today.
People are going to start thinking that all of your tweets automatically come with a star from me.
I should be over her house right now
No inside defense game after game they get beat in the paint
I need to stop falling for straight guys. It never has a happy ending.
Its an all night party that we're getting into. If you think it's all over than the joke is on you!
was recently, how was it Becks? cc:
hello... please follow me please
you too brotha. Always a pleasure
is heading to the #Jackson #Mississippi airport after a successful day of meetings in
Make a little space and get out of your own way. -Rachel Platten
Finally getting back to for happy hour! Monday at 5pm, I'm going to be a very happy Scribby with !
Chewing like a pig << 🐖
at another Diff. Instr. workshop -- my second one. I need him in my head all the time as encouragement.
OH GOD. YOU DID THE WRONG THING TO THE RIGHT GIRL.
This demo I just got to one of my records is the SHIT!
Running Rebels is now featuring Youth of the Month! Check out this month's youth- at www.runningrebels.org
Would love to see list of reasons why facebook+instagram. Would have given Google competitive advantage?
At first when I saw him at the res. I was who is that cutie and than i looked it up i was like "WHAT,AWWW,CUTE,SORRY YESICA"
Today will be difficult. Not saying goodbye to a friend but only saying we will meet again. RIP James Williams aka Luda.
Excited 2 say ~starting Sat., 4/14, the "Overwhelmed" CD is available at Shepherds Fold in Rock Hill. #Overwhelmed all over again!
Looking forward to delivering Super Scarves to the NFC champs this afternoon. Welcome to #Indy!
Monk's is just getting over the weekend hangover. Join us tonight for beers in the window.
#interfaceUF Also, the constant plugged-in-edness. What about the need to condense in thick tweets? Inherently challenging?
yes! Love my dynamic fabulous women Tweet-meeting each other!
“: 6hrs and 36min logged so far.. Go for 10 tonight? ” I got 36 minutes so far. Going for an hour tonight! Hahaha.
you love me though :)
The #betascape team is looking for other Tech + Art inspiring events in the US & Abroad - which ones do you love?
Get over it.
The beach chair is outside near the loading/offloading zone of the water taxi...
got a random call at 9 that woke me.. now its 10 and just going for a shower now...
omg that wasnt what i expected!
Our Ministry jut got our 1st Copyright!!! Thank You Jesus www.BarefootDrumsofHouston.com Ministry for Abused Children Ken Rector
unusually motivated for a Friday. Go!
Yeah!!!!! RT Wowzers. Congrats to the UNI Panthers for bursting a big ol' bubble. Cedar Falls lemme hear u!
I really appreciate everyone in my life.
Damn right! :) Was watching it again before Prometheus. And you know, when I think about Ridley Scott...
This elderly lady stopped and asked me if her oxygen tank was working? I checked it for her & said "yes ma'am, you're still breathing!"
Que hay de nuevo?
100% approval for Papa Murphy's from the crew. Take&back just means you can plan ahead, no tax/tip/delivery fee either!
what's ur number???
the beatings will continue until morale improves
What? :o
I wanna watch The Dictator, but idk, I don't wanna ruin it yet lol
How bout that Evan Turner as a Top 5'er in the draft now?
hope you had as great a day yesterday as we did!!
good job :)
While He's Growing Up. I'm Graduating From High School Next Year & I Am Going University.
I still havebt seen the avengers -.-
You should follow me because I would enjoy that. :))))
Show and prove. You threatened for me to speak to your lawyer and I said go ahead. Where's that tough talk now?
maybe just a quarter
on the James Bond tip?
« Dear God. Today I Woke Up. I Am Healthy. I Am Alive. Thank You.»
America doesn't deserve Newt Gingrich because it has people with cancer in it.
Thanks for the check-in & we hope you enjoyed our BBQ!
Want to send a big shout out to Congrats on winning the contest, we practically doubled second place!
Maybe her penis leaked?
Q: How do you embarrass an archaeologist? A: Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Seattle one is really awesome too! Tom Leykis mentioned it on his show--I miss his show... and flashin truckers!
I gotta be patient though
One word #weather report: Incendiary.
Thank you for checking in. Hope everything was Extraordinary.
Finally eating
#10Until10 Start us out at Following 50 and 30 Followers !!!
Catching up on #smash replay
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Fuck ya! I fuckn knew Luke Holland would be in The Word Alive soon. Look at him now.. he's their new drummer :D crazy!
Check out the New England premiere of #DETROPIA on April 27th!
poor is gonna have to delete his Twitter account tonite after getting hammered by
Say something<3
is the biggest waste of time! #customerservicefail 3rd time still can't set-up #iphone email!
Slept on the most comfortable bed last night
We are slowly taking over CHICAGO one CURRY plate at a time...Truck is out(dearborn. Btw monroe/madison) LAKEVIEW & The LOOP!
Who wants FREE BCS tickets??? Be at Walk-On's Coursey Jan 3! We will be giving out FREE tickets from 11 am - 9 pm
has anyone thought about the environment today
The bags under my eyes are sagging so low that they literally could sweep the floor.
I'm bout sick as hell
The 2-14 Panthers have resigned more players than the Super Bowl champion Packers
Sometimes my mind travels n I wonder if I will find a person who is willing to travel wit me
Seriously now, I'm really off to run. Ridiculous the delay when I know the bennies. C u on the lakefront! chow
It's a 248 kinda day.
I still can't believe Eva Longoria and Tony Parker are getting a divorce! What has the world come to?!?!
whats up everyone, check out our newly posted videos from our most recent shows
thanks for the follow Friday last week.
This game is crazy
The morning clouds form curious shapes, shifting into high burial platforms, disappearing through the stand of old "turpentines".
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
this wicked sunburn made for a very chilly day.
maybe can help :)
So excited that SXSW is back! You know what else is back? "The Halftime Taco". Try it! Only from You'll love it!
best Titan to go delivery girl
I wouldn't habr. I would've been like "HoW Are YoU?" Mixing it up and stuff, LOL
how are you babes?
Such a fascinating speech by #gatoradeguru at priority sports conference.
I'm sitting here watching the freaking news because my remote ran out of batteries....
Not good enough, I spent more money than you to get this PhD
Don't worry, baby, the rumba can make even the most obnoxious editors seem to dissipate. Viva la Buzz!
I want Papa Johns
enjoy my stupidly long hashtag in my prior tweet. i remember you really really really like them.
Wow. Which church was it?
follow me please xoxoxo
thank you! im typing up part 10 now
I can't do 8 things at once.... I'm not an octopus!
search the names of your local source farms, +Reno. Restaurants will brag online about using them.
They spotted the extra car in the drive. I think the Mayor will be coming over tomorrow to give you a key to the city.
I think that is a porn movie
Fraser keeps getting collection calls for someone named Jaclyn. He's asked several times to have his # removed, but they keep calling. 1/2
It's not cheating if it's not consentual.
Weekend is coming up and all i think of is one thing, and no its not drinking, hookin up with girls, clubs, football games, or sleep!
I finally feel like a true Asian.
RT : Most call Wisconsin for Romney but Nate Silver not so sure.
RT : I adore the beautiful expression of love that is the scoreboard proposal.
&#39;Wrong again!&#39;: Jennifer&#39;s spokesman denies Greek wedding claims
when we were there and my daughter had just turned 3, that was the only ride she liked. We rode so many times. It is funny tho...
CONTEST: Juiced characters need names! Pick the name that is used, win 1 free juice per week for entire summer!!! let the naming commence :)
is on #twitter now! If u want the most cutting edge lighting systems in ur facility then call these guys! Incredible!
88 yesterday, 55 today - Autumn in Washington
Good morning. Ready for another crisp fall day of showing houses.
To me a book is a message from the gods to mankind; or, if not, should never be published at all. Aleister Crowley
I likee the view from here.!:)
Listening to all 's songs! #HappyBirthdayKidrauhl ♥
Trap all day, play all night...
Hahaha i love you dude
Put on MLB Network! I predict an ugly fight in Tigers Angels game. Weaver already ejected. Verlander stare down after bunt during no hitter.
Ha. oops... Meant to say "a dude." Hope you're having a good one!
sound fun hope he will race good
This aint no fuckin' sing-a-long, so girl what you singing for?
No joke. But today I had to watch the game with two Bears fans in Georgia, which was slightly worse than Aikman!
Thanks to & for hosting another stellar Amazing night!
Oh please, I know you can do it! I've been doing a lot of red lipstick lately! It's pretty fun actually.
Cool, hit me up when you're settled!
Today might be the day I like my own status on Facebook.
thanks for the #FF!
is still looking for a great communications professional with 6-8 years of experience. Ping me if you know anyone.
Congrats to Reganne Sheely who has scooped up a Ford Modeling Agent, a theatrical agent AND a producer's session all in a week. I am dizzy.
thank you for good information about google Adsense
Trying out SmartyTask. It looks like it has potential. Has anyone used it?
Did anyone else used to go to a store and jump from tile to tile because every other one was hot lava?
Why be defeated when you are free to draw upon a highier power that can do everything for you?
i love you
SAD! #RT #Wells #Fargo Has Blood on Its Hands: Desperate Man Commits #Suicide After Shocking #Foreclosure Mistreatment
Waukesha county election returns are completely FUBARed.
All seats are BIG for Panger!
That man David Beckham inked up!!! 4real
jew knowz it!
Beautiful drop by July in the #GSL final. This could be a series yet!
Yes. Thanks.
Only 2 days till the primary!
Oh brunch! What we do without you? From 11 to 3 today, full brunch and regular menu and 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas.
Hagadone is a tony name in no. ID- the richest of 'em built the Coeur d'Alene resort. which is to say: I don't care if you're a NW kid: boo.
« #pause my shoes cost more than yo outfit .»
Nothings better than a good smelling boy.
Yes, but this semester is online only so I didn't have them campaign for your visit to Oak Creek... next fall!
you definitely should!
Love my frosted flakes with bananas
Making the bachelorette invites, etc. for 's wedding and, I must say, it is exciting stuff!
Follow your dreams and the will come true!
Does Willie Mitchell always have that shit eating grin, or is it just me?
I'm frying two turkeys on Sunday, that will be fun. Std creole rub.
I wanna go swimming. :D
Organizing our friday dance party _ American Bandstand. Come dressed in theme. Carnations for the ladies
oh yea I'm sure there were. There's idiots on every side!
At #NEworks session 1B: roles of higher ed in workforce dev feat CGS , HMcKiernan , RCaret of UMass and LPelton of Emerson
OMG, just finished a string of big projects and now breathing. Ahh, the relief! (Relief will last day or 2, then antsy 2 jump in 4 more!)
To early to be awake. Going to work on a house today though. Might go swimming. :)
Getting my hair done :)
“: I know right!!!!!, my teacher yells at me for no reason!!:(,
#ask doug I THINK MIZZOU IS A LEGIT FINAL FOUR TEAM WAT DO YOU THINK DOUG
Good morning. We hope you have a nice Thanksgiving.
thanks lady!
Drive for Charity is THIS Friday, Nov. 19th. $1 from every trip goes to local charities, including Homefront San Diego!
Thinking summertime soon...
depends on the vibe I get from the guy. If a girl offered would you be offended what if she didn't? It's such a fine line.
LASSITER!!! I need you....now
Happy Holidays to all of our friends!
If You Tweet Mang!....They Will Follow Mangino!!!...;-)p
great choices but hey it is ALL abt Israel even tho netanyahu says leave us alone.
What's it like being the Associate Editor at ? Did "Parks & Recreation" get Picked up for another Season on NBC?
no more procrastinating fml
ray allen to the heat is the dumbest trend ever yea this dude is gonna trade teams when he cant even play.....
"OMG MY PENIS IS HAVING A HEART ATTACK"
I know he wants to go to London and Canada! He wants to meet everyone everywhere! Gonna take some time tho!!!
1 point for every story yo.
Mind wondering
Best site ever is textsfromlastnight.com!
Other student orgs have the same benefits of sororities. Why such a narrow-minded view, ?
Super exciting for #DemiLovatoInUruguay !!!!!!! Y love U ♥ you know ! ♥
Great finish to this game! I want OT!
I saw someone in the crowd with a Pirates shirt. Although its in PA and everyone is wearing one, I assume it's you guys
Wisdom teeth out tomorrow. Any words of wisdom? ....:)
"The thing about making a point is that there is no point to be made' - Richard Pryor
GIRLS, you are beautiful no matter what they say. Words can't bring you down. You're strong, remember that.
funny thing is that we were $36B in the hole a couple of years ago...he's being way too timid
Welcome to my neck of the woods, Chris! Are you here for work or pleasure? Sorry about this awful weather. Cold & rainy.
The locals here look you in the eye when they say good morning. I look like a tourist, but it's not high season yet.
My advice to parents: Make your kid work for and earn those extra things they want.
aw I miss you too matey, I'm sure I'll be seeing you soon!
There's going to be some "crazy" tomorrow at , 1030 You have to come to see it yourself
Happy St. Patrick's Day, Gentlemen!
+30min on hold w/ tech support Meanwhile ^BH is handlin it like a BAUSE over DM!
is a kickanotch hall of famer! tweet like you got some
Thank you Sporting KC! YES! YES! YES!
Without imagination, all human activity is riddled with unconsciousness. - Thomas Moore.
Thx for a gr8 volunteer dinner tonight!
people LOVE food!
ding ding ding you win! Teal jeans it is.
How can amazing music bring you back in time & feel so good yet be painful cuz you can't actually time travel to relive it.
Duh, cause we're too swagalicious fer them!
studio session
Ahh picnics this summer n the ville hmu
Just ate a Wet Burrito, now Drinking a margarita. OH YEAH!
one of my faves of all time.
are you going to LJT?
yeah Im fangirling all late about it lol. Twitter must have been crazy earlier when he posted it. I wish I came on earlier.
Want to throw a party this #StPatricksDay? Call for a reservation in ! (480)994-1888
You are. RT : iTunes? Who's the stoooopid one now?!
thx!!! Tell ur dad the same & enjoy ur day together!!! :)
My nose,my nose thats all ya spaghetti face got pick tht shit up fugly ass poodles!!!!!!!!.....ugh
Wtf man I was sleepin good, dreaming of sleepin n what not. Jus had 2 go n ruin it 4 me.
hey nikki you so fine you so fine you blow my mind hey nikki lol im funny miss ya girl D:
LA Commons is all about the creation of public art in Los Angeles! What are some of your favorite pieces of art in LA?
. away record:19-8-4. Do you think they will improve on this tonight against the ? Let us know your predictions!
Had a great time meeting a ton of new fans today. Appreciate all of the kind words. Happy Mothers Day!!
I have an account with 150,000...
That hypothetical tweet question brought to you by frozen margaritas from Applebees of southern GA.
MUSHROOMHEAD to perform at Elite Series 15 in Elyria OH on Feb. 25
Prescription Discounts - Save up to 35% - Winn Dixie - SIMVASTIN -
I like how Dallas is drafting this year. Smart picks based on needs, weaknesses from last year
I'm pretty sure I saw you like 100 times last night....
- the porn teacher, really that should be no ones business but her own, I side with her NOT that crappy school !
HEY LADIES! Need a job? Like to dance? Like to drink? Like to flirt? Like CASH? Come out to the GOLD CLUB Mon-Fri 12-7 for AUDITIONS!
Why are you guys having all the fun???
Hold on to your hats, folks, time for some #FF - been two weeks, so we're long overdue!
"The Lord your God is with you, He is mighty to save. He will take great delight in you, He will quiet you with his love.." :)
got in pre-ipo, not a lot
No clubs in AZ? Where's the closest club to ya?
What do you have against Seguin? Pure curiosity.
Living without faith is like driving in a fog. -- Proverb
that's even annoying to me! People try to hard!
Guy comes thru my line with a box of lube and winks.
Whenever you're ready to frame that sweet looking jersey give us a shout!
I Cried When I realised how many people have left my life in this past year
with your sister!! #loveher we're talkin about Vegas!!!
Thanks for following me! I hope you had a great Monday!
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 32
Vegas will be rockin'!! So cool you'll be there.
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it". This applies not only to people and countries, but companies as well!
Those two things don't go together--birthdays and letting go of material possessions (thanks for the bday wishes).
I want DETOX and STREET KING to come out like this I can buy them!
I'll let you know when my instincts about someone end up being wrong.
placed 3rd in BJJ state championship
Excited for this #BCAN Webinar right now - Planning a run/walk with for Bladder Cancer Awareness in May!
Stanford needs to regroup !!!
Heavy fog always makes me feel like I'm in The Secret Garden. Even when it's blanketing downtown Los Angeles.
I don't even get followed by fake porn accounts anymore. Way to kill my self esteem, fake bitches.
I love it when my company is cited in a review of our competitor as a better option!!
you know why I say this right?
Dude...it's not even the middle of May. OBVIOUSLY NL MVP is still wide open.
Lost my fav new lipstick I got today ;(
thanks! “: Happy
2012 film watching! #39. The Thin Blue Line (Morris, 1988). Excellent documentary about the murdering of a cop in Texas. Outstanding film!
Thanks for making me a contributor.
homelessdogmusic.com There is a homeless dog in all of us. Please tweet me and let me know if you like that slogan. Thanks
Thanks for the ff, Wendy. Y'all have a great weekend.
Real Housewives of Dallas, I mean Deion Sanders.
on my way to lax at the crack of dawn the 405 was empty, so I looked to check the speed limit and couldn't find it anywhere..
i think its gremlins! My samsung android did this on its own also check all your settings mine went back to factory mode
HAPPY HALLOWEEN! Treat yourself to a Red Hot Youpon! 5 classes for $25 - through our website or at the studio! A deal so good, it's scary...
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.
Bulls look awful. When Carlos Boozer is your best player there is a serious problem.
you find a new song yet?
& all I can say is I'm so im so im so proud of you
oh awkward i'm on twitter on my laptop and phone at the same time because 卐▼†☯卐☨♡✞卐∞☣✝ cunt titties.
Oh yeah... Those chemicals they use to treat the roads in storms stick like glue. Need elbow grease to get that stuff off.
Yay, now everyone has a car but me.
Memphis show some Class...Injuries aint no Joke
Why do I always decide I want Chick-fil-a on Sunday? So unfortunate...
Sounds so heavenly!
So excited for tomorrow! You can still register onsite from 2pm - 5pm tomorrow (Wed)! It's not too late! Come join us :)
Act Like A Lady Think Like A Boss!"<3
RT I am 99.9% sure the person I like doesn't like me. But it's that 0.1% that keeps me going. Fucking applies to my life
Seduction leads to destruction.
it would mean the world if you followed me.<3 your my inspiration! ilysm<333
A belieber is reading this tweet. A proud belieber who wants Justin Bieber to win on EMA's is retweeting this tweet. GOOD LUCK KIDRAUHL
Mother Nature got April and May mixed up I think this year
whoever is messing with SonyP's time will answer to the business gods
I've had about seven straight losing days and today is the worst one.
This thunder is keeping me awake...
So happy to be back in Miami for a few months to get fully caught up with projects, good self-care, and reconnecting with friends here. Yay!
you are a really cool person i would like to get to know you and jb need to figure out if he is dating selena gomez or what
I come out of the shower and it sounds like an exorcism is happening in the common area. As long as it doesn't come in my room..
Its weird for my mom to tell me I look pretty before I go to school. Lol
AdWords For Video Lets Small Businesses Target YouTube Users
I find you can replace "anti-equality bigots" with "asshats" and make that statement more generic and no less accurate.
Heading to the Maryland craft beer festival today!
Song writing is at our core and we hold our fans close to our hearts! We have a knack for crazy cool live shows and punishing hooks...
Rip to the souls that lost their lives
aw my true love kirsten m
This tweet is solely for my friends at Novanis who clearly understand the value and importance of social networking. :)
But you got yours in the first round, so it was about the same price. Plus the discount didn't apply to the first round. ;)
Tweeting and retweeting till the kids wake up.
It would appear that was the only one who understood the joke. "Everyone but Romney camp?" cc
Ah I found you on twitter!:D
what's up with the fat black dude with the "Chunky Bieber" tee on in J. Biebs boyfriend video?..
that would explain why it didn't load on my phone...
Yea, that would be great. DM me your email? Thanks!
thx for the follow looking forward to connecting.
Ecstatic that is following me. Finally haha. Massive #Domination to ensue.
“ When u assume, u only hurt yoself!” ' TRUTH!!
You know what smell doesn't get enough credit? Banana
You are the best followers !!!!!!
direct message us real quick got something for ya
Is it really necessary to have 3 cops, a fire truck and an ambulance for every fender bender? No wonder Vegas Traffic is the way it is.
lol and OMG that's so cool!!!! Can I have ur autograph?! And it's ok Sorry if I'm late on a reply as well
What Up Doe!!! Lovin the Cd! You gotta get that out! Playing it Loud in South Central PA"! Foxy (Love from my people)!
Almost one year after moving into an office, we finally broke down and bought a printer. Still no phones, though.
also I know "bollocks"
Happy Monday, All. Hope u had a refreshing wknd. May I suggest the brunch held @ Boerner Botanical Gardens put on by Bartolotta Catering.
Stop driving and tweeting! Oh wait I've done that too.
high ponytail w/ fishtail braid 😁
I truly hate my body.
Gearing up for a busy day, despite feeling like I'm still asleep. Apparently I start hibernating the day after Labor Day now...
#Callback and an audition for today are done....I love productive and fun days!
I'm so ready for this week to be over with.
Thank you TNT for another episode of Law & Order
gets money gets paid
When your friends backstabb you or change with you. Yeah they were fake friends.
I decree that it's okay to eat two #cupcakes in one day. Officially.
Hey I stopped by last week. Didnt see YOU but great party!
When I'm with you, I'll make every second count cause I miss you whenever you're not around.
Just saw "The Entertainers" @ #WIFilmFest. Got to meet a few of the pianists beforehand; one played me some Hoagy Carmichael. Amazing night!
Woman are so busy trying to act & think like a man they forget how to act like a lady....
immature stupid boys get a life.
my friends organized me a surprise party, but I cant go. thats awkward :/ que party??
really though lol
RT : "How are we not winning by a td or two at this point? #steelers” We were just wondering the same thing!
I need a vcr.
Sir, I say that justice is truth in action. -Benjamin Disraeli
Just survived my last garage sale. What were we thinking? I think I made 25 cents an hour for the last 48 hours. Whew!
it grows on ya RT : The last episode of "Seinfeld" aired on this night in 1998 ~ Fourteen years later, it's still an abomination
Yes indeed we would have one fun time I'm quite certain! :)
I don't think you realise how much a follow/tweet/RT from you would mean to me<3
Tell Ur Mom Us ICONiacz Said Happy Mothers Day! :)
“: ugh, my stomach!” - ours too, with a double Frangelico. Xxooxx
Mr. Sharpe do you ever wear any of your 3 Super Bowl Rings?
Baby can we make up now cause I can't sleep through the painn
“: I'd like introduce you to - she is 's gf & NY connections" Happy 2 help! Send me an email
I was given the authority to dole out $48 million dollars in student fees and didn't have to answer 1 question
Bout to hit this gym and get a workout in!
I Hate Wen Random People Try To Start Conversation With Me
Members Card Pacers +2 (25 units)
--likewise. thanks for the support!
if i had any
Don't remember you looking any better, but then again, I don't remember you.
your link does not work
Gonna get ready for my day'(:
Don't forget to check out to win Beer Lovers tix and stay tuned to Twitter for one last ticket giveaway before the festival!
RT : Today's breakfast is a hot cereal of #oats, #quinoa flakes, #chia seeds, and dried cranberries! You?
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. William Ellery Channing
Jk I feel fine z
yeah, 93 expected in Austin...
Joyce: "His own identity was fading out into a grey impalpable world: the solid world itself...was dissolving and dwindling"
Good morning tweedos! ☺
I Remember when i Had the Cassie Hairstyle lmfao i thought i was the shit !
Get on our payroll! The #WorkplacePayoff starts tomorrow! $100 EVERY hr! Grab your share!
All Eyes On Mii :-).
I'm thinking of getting something to do with hops as my next tattoo. Any thoughts?
may want to double check ccap
Good Morning and Happy Monday :)
did go to Michigan. Those Wolverines are all geniuses.
i will promise! i was just there last week... but i got really sick and had to come back home...
Going home early... Wahh :/
IM PUTTIN TE MAGIC TRAPPER BOOK PAD DOWN....GOD SHOWED ME A DIFF. WAY....
