the sky;P
Allow your client’s customers to check their current balance and real-time activity on your client’s website. www.clientrocket.com/rto
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
it is biased... I "ignored" her on a different day... and u seem happy she was busted
and a bit painful, not what we were hoping to see after the break
Basketball, Azteca, Pong, Flips flops... could be day of the year (and maybe taco cabana????)
So sad about Amy Winehouse. Another overdosed rock star dead at age 27. Keep ur kids away from that stuff!
Listened to 's #BigHoops on repeat to psych myself up for spin class! The bigger the better in reference to a tight spin booty!
lmao shell bring zac with her don't worry
to sum up everything i could say, God is good :)
RT "Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence."
Thanks for the RT you gorgeous thing!!!
how about rageblade on misfortune
I'm having a great time at Silk. is tearing it up and are a blast and I am having the time of my life.
thx Jerry! Hope all is well!!
The awkward moment when you're staring at someone cute and they look right back at you.
Can't nobody say I changed from moving !
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN!
text me and letme know how that experience went
YOU have school spirit?! Shocking!! ;-) RT : that spirit stick is OURS for homecoming
Curious what you think of #denver. Obviously we have variable weather. Have you seen the blue bear? Ask me about 1% for art.
Thanks dude. I've never had anyone tell me I have a nice wasp.
that will change once you talk to me
never let ya pride get N the way of sumtin good.
Dentist appt tonight! 😭
Make plans to see our Every Child Has a Name exhibit before it's gone! The last day to catch it is March 18.
what a nice tribute to your friends :)
Talking about pros & cons of TILT. Free, saves time -- but outdated and dated, too
Thanks, Denise! We all need a little more relaxation in our lives. Enjoy!
“There is no graduation from education.” ~Rachel Denning
still... that's sad =( the cheese stands alone, my good sir!! i at least have like... *checks* 0.56%!woop!
yum...grilled cheese
Recent studies reveal that 83% of American girls are lame.
My mom took mycomputer awayAGAIan -_____________________- i didint do shit this time and my room is clean , lml she forgot i have a ebook :D
I bet there are plenty of skinny people on WW too.
Cleaning a restroom that pre-teen boys use <<< I cant do this blehhhhh.
yeah he was in children's there a lot at the end it was presby as he was to old for children's. How often r u there?
Now and then I think about all the times you screwed me over, part of me believing that it was always something that I'd done
Come on Pacers keep ...it..up!!!!
trying to reach customer support by phone. our LNA databases not loading. are there problems at your end?
damn that shit look good :(
"I would send bill & ted back 2 get me a 1st c roman... take them down the candy aisle 2 c the look on their face." Love it!
“: #BiggestLoser is not even enjoyable to watch this season with all the drama. #STFUandjustworkout”... I can't take it nemore.
I mean...that's what it looks like to me, but his guitar case is kind of concealing it.
great to meet you also! Made it back to Portland in one piece.
ok, what direction should I head? East, west, north, south? #ohandcanmywifecometoo #shereallywantsto ;-)
Painted Words wishes you a HAPPY TURKEY DAY!
Good luck, we're cheering for you, "Mike"!
I Miss you To, Yu Ben M.I.A Lol
mashed potatoes with caterinekaz at 4am
that guy is such a little bitch, why doesn't he just retire and move to florida allready
I get all my political news via my Facebook newsfeed. Not sure why that is.
I am proud to announce that this Thursday Chispa Marketing will be a sponsor at the United Way’s Miami Taste & Toast Fine Wine...
haha, here's my recipe: a lil wine + a lil = so far so good!
awesome... what'd you shoot?
We appreciate your support! With your help we can and will do this!
the crimson chin is trending. haha!
h lee its kylie i changed my name to my idol
Really love this weather!
QoTD: "There are no failures - just experiences and your reactions to them." (Tom Krause)
PLEASE JUST LET THEM WIN.
on tap, Imperial IPA (replaces Demolition Ale)
Who are you? -who, who? Now I've got the song in my head, lol
Where did you go?
#Texas now with more ft's made than fg's made. Getting dumptrucked by
Read as "feet trash on"
Why are the days that should easiest often the hardest? Geez.
I'm finally, not sick anymore...
ill bite you back >:)lol RT : then ill bite you >:/
thanks buddy LOLL
nope. The minivan already has 2 #Recaro baby seats.
where they do that at lol
SAVASANA is playing tomorrow afternoon at !
Gonna have to start getting my musical theatre back on.
Thanks for all the memories Ricky!
ah, i see! at the moment we are adjusting to our 40 percent annual growth rate in submissions! Please be patient!
Heaven On Earth Foundation checking in at Woman's Success Summit
when will college basketball rankings be released? Didn't know if the holiday would cause a delay.
How long has it been since you were last sick? Mention or DM me you're answer. For me... 3 years.
Thanks! happy Easter 2. Love me some chocolate bunnies & marshmallow eggs covered in chocolate! Thanks again for your help!
Back in the boot
25th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft!! oh how that number reminds me of our amazing season! #GOBRONCOS! GB^2
In 1803 Jefferson bought the Louisiana Purchase for 233 million in today's dollars, witch obama spent while you read this
See , this is what lying does .. learn from oomf mistakes - dont lie on me , dont stunt on me , dont BULLSHIT me !
I actually recognize you by your Geomicons icon set! Nice job on those!
Great, see u Saturday! : Yes we do! About 25% of our menu usually is or can be made vegan. Love to celebrate with you!
Happy day to all the moms!
The eternal Friday afternoon debate: to bring home papers to grade or not to?
sure! lets get started on email:
Press pass . let me know what else you are planning to see this week. maybe we will meet up again
#WhatILove "The sound of a distant train..."
AWESOME...I'm all connected!
Both are great favorites of mine.
please call the hospital I'm in and tell them I need my bravo or let me out of here by Sunday 9pm. Heart trouble
I got that game but haven't played a lot , as far as i know most if glitches were patched with the 1.05 update
thanks for the follow Brittany!
Sounds great! We'll give you a call this afternoon. Thank you so much!
She say she needed somebody
21st Birthday Update: It took 15 minutes for not to remember this night!
#BJA Associate Editorial Board
"long day" was an understatement lol
99% of my cousins are fake . That's why I rather not talk or hang out with them .
-- 513-529-x is the miami campus exchange, right?
Thanks for a great first day at #gilbane everyone. Looking forward to talking with you at the booth tomorrow!
Social media analytics 101 1) Gather lots of data 2) Segment, Segment, Segment 3) Tie to business objectives 4) Act on data!
I love fruity pebbles, music, playing basketball, talking sh*t, anything Kentucky, eating, dancing, gettin $$ and girls too <-- I got ADD 2!
Gotta throw GATORade in there for the ex-gator too! Might help the taste as well...
thanks! abt. 90% of the movies I watch now are Indian, several languages. been watching for years now. :D
providing the soundtrack to the 49ers game... Dreams Into Reality
Hosting the Girls on the Run coaches training session at the Newberry. What a great program for 3rd to 5th grade girls!
it dont matter, u let me know when ur avail. Also, need u to find me a lil somethin
This is where I have to decide whether I want to be lazy or crazy with DnD.
Men getting married, If you don't acknowledge the red flags before marriage, believe me you'll see them again if you get divorced.
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
My dads killing in dice! He's the master grew up with this!!
providence rhode island :)
Thanks for Retweeting the Un-Competition Project!
Guy in FLVS Final Exam Review: "Good deal, Good deal."
Finally the #Bruins get a goal on a rebound.
Thanks! Somehow we missed Corduroy Day, but the connection is obvious.
Cyber high-five to E! for adding scripted programming to their slate! Reading all about it in this week's Hollywood Reporter !
casual attire and atmosphere for Fire & Ice. Good question! :)
Whatcha gunna do with all the junk, all that junk inside that trunk!
LMAO, I ain't bite this time, sometimes an old flame needs to stay that way.... OLD, lol!!!
lets go together. :D
sounds wonderful. Let me know when you finish!
its coming(:
Anyone see Avengers in 3D?? WAS AVENGERS WORTH SEEING IN 3D??? please let me know!!
I have been getting too used to the gym, I'm gonna check it at least.
Niall!!...What would you rather be, a monkey or a banana?
No #arbitration for
- Mine is sawa. R u still jailbrocken?
I wanna watch Bryce!
no remember I said I couldn't for graduation.. I wish I could see you though!!
True or false... and I attended SAE Christmas last night as if we were still in college.
RT : “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up-we love you so!” - The Wild Things. RIP Maurice Sendak.
Time to brush up on your photography skills! RT : "Literal dream come true thanks to #tumorroowlandz"
Bringing religion to my office by blasting Jesus Christ Superstar.
I want to share happy moment! tell me!
EVERYBODY was telling me I do last night
Bus rides to game <<<... but listening to music on the bus rides >>>
I accept any and all blame.
Homer Simpson: Kids, just because I don
#kings up 1-0! Goal by Williams with 6:30 left in the first!
I really want to figure out who those women are. I have some leads. Duncan Mackintosh is unfortunately a very common name.
officially in colorado! heading up the rockies and skiing tomorrow. can't wait, there is no better feeling than being up in the mountains
Just passed an accident at 23rd and p...i think a pedestrian might have died... o_o
To be a real man, you gotta be a real boy first."
😳damn lol alright thank you!
F you What a coincidence you just left my building an now I have no Internet.
(626): He did plead exhaustion. And I made him push through it. I am like the motherfucking badass football coach of sex. /via
I love the pink
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #6 The Power of Conversion - people are taking longer to make buying decisions give them enough value to buy
damn beautiful state for beautiful girls and im from ohio :)
I'm at the pharmacy reading thrasher mag and I spotted kreayshawn and her photographer GF
Can't wait for #abduction to come out. Super excited and ready to watch on the big screen over the weekend.
How's the finals grind treating you?
Or "Oxen of Sun" in which you have to play through the entire history of gaming from Space War to Skyrim
Leaving Las
I love you guys &if i could have a day where you come to Kansas City Missouri Sprint Center that would be a dream come-true
#givebackDetroit RT : If you're a shelter, soup kitchen, charity etc. We would love to help promote you for free
without further ado let's get this show on the road shall we!!!
twitter couldn't find the link!
Keith thank so much for the retwit. Have to connect soon.
Good luck this week!
I Never Knew Love Could Be So Sweet. The Joy You Give To Me , Peace And Harmony !
So adorable! =)
hippos are going to have to take a back seat to my new obsession.... Narwhal Whales!!!!!! love love them!
Thanks for the RT! :)
That would be sweet if you won and they gave away free drink tickets at the gate. then, you pay for however many are redeemed.
...I'm aggressive these days.
Look 4 a new blog on VS Phoenix game 6 following the game tonight w/ game pics & commentary.
Preparing for a meeting this afternoon. SheaMoí Naturelle™ coming to a store near you!
Indian Country today article on sovereign immunity defense.
2012 already kicks 2011's ass.
Up to my eyes in HW.
Japan's soccer chief has blasted Urawa Reds manager Volker Finke for encouaging players to take dives, I am sick of it too!!
Today is national Pig in a Blanket Day. What's your favorite finger food?
ginos in teays valley delivering pizza
Ok the album is off the chain. Sang to me girl!
I believe RT : Hey, man, just go with it. This Tebow thing makes you feel good. Great story.
It wasn't all that bad! the first essay though.. i was like what until i read the documents
Radio: All the hubbub over Rush Limbaugh...Love or hate him...Great for the power of radio.
Wow you guys are tall but pretty^-^! I can't reach my coffee at Starbucks sometimes and it's embarrassing XD
Home to Austin. And St. Arnold's Christmas Ale. And KALE. And GOD DAMN strawberries and CHARD.
These guys are making a zombie game and i had a zombie dream #coincidence?
new York! Haha it's more fun
I know. I don't believe it either.....I thought she would have an account by now so Chad would follow her.
<3! which show?
Me too!
Hey everyone!! How are you doing tonight??
Go to Caddies RT Argument at the Bethesda Morton's. Only 1 TV and we want the Wiz. Little old lady wants the Series.
is amazing! Great #NFL Story
Ground ball up the middle BASE HIT FOR GANTNER! Castillo SCORES and the Brewers again lead, 7-6!
intense. left me thinking about so much. should i tell you the end scene?
I'm back from overseas just two days ago. Can't wait to catch up!!
Relationships are a two way street navigated by women who are backseat drivers and men who refuse to use maps
Roll Tide
Still morbid but funny. Ha! Now no tweeting and driving, ya here! Just looking out for my fraand. And come back soon!
“: So tonight will look suspiciously like Royal Wedding coverage. We'll be back next week unless Prince Harry elopes.”
A beanbag round to the groin may be less than lethal, but you'll probably want to die. Good shooting WPD.
Too true. (cc: ) RT A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. -Jerry Seinfeld
Big time kudos to for his line of questions for Josh Beckett tonight. That stuff (w/ an angry player) is never easy, folks.
I guess when you told me you found the one who made your life complete, you really didnt mean it, or it wasnt about me..
Mo money means mo dough to blow
House of Prime Rib in SF?
“If you don’t think about the future, you won’t have one.”— Henry Ford, American industrialist (1863-1947)
We live in Reno and we do do tht!
Should be good show even without this time around
I was thinking I had a 4500 word limit for a report I'm writing. 1500 words in, I remember it's only 2500. Oops. I see editing in my future.
''Ke$ha is a wonderful human being'' -Dirt Nasty
I have some invites. Who wants one?
congrats on your deal Lance! See you in Tucson.
uGot evry right to think&kno that wat u offerin him is more than wat he deserves @ the moment.
What's everyone up to, tonight?
'husband' loved it and the black zip. Amazing what men notice!
I stand corrected. THE ARTIST was perfectly inoffensive.
Sorry for the no-show on Friday, not enough hours in the day.
Got a list of 120 pro wireless systems at legit closeout prices. Email to ask for a copy.
Lmao my bf just got mad i was tweeting & wasn't tlkn to him..i laughed at him ctfu #jealousy *Shrugs* oh well get over it!
I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, stabbed, cheated, burned and broken, but somehow still works.
Sorry, dude. Keep pushing!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Thanks for the follow
Shockers harvest wheat, and wheat is the main ingredient in my favorite food: cereal!!
I hope that's a U2 reference. (Also, those pajamas blend in well with the sheets; I hope you don't lose track of Linus.)
Heck, I am 15 years old. But I don't act like that.
i get it - he is old, mood, flops on the pitch - but when he brings it he brings it. why sell him? Because our other goal scorer is.....?
My sister LOVES to make fun of me.
I'll learn someday
Just gave another community member directions & tokens to get to the rally to fight budget cuts! #dcfy13 MT
It's cool, I didn't want an #ff today anyway.
FWD: : on facebook We need 1 more like 2 hit 400 ,lets do it ,
that movie sucked ass.
Sorry, dude. Baby Boomers aren't allowed in mosh pits.
haha yeah they were!
yes we are having our first tweet up next. Hope u can make it. Will be a great time.
people need to lighten the F up!
Up soo early
what's wrong?? Working to hard or did u hurt it??
sweet ride! How much was it? Do you ride for work only?
Hey there! Working on a style story. Can you direct me to PR/media relations on the West Coast?
RT Invites are going super fast! ! RT & Follow ! Last invites to be randomly given to followers.
Clemson is for squares
How do you find out if a girl is interested? Good Question, I usually just assume they're not...
all i want for christmas ....is.... UNDER THE MISTLETOE ! Thank you for the best album of this and next year !
In the studio right now and Anthony is laying down magic! This record is going to crush!
working my first Saturday at the m.... printers not working and all other sort of awkward entities afloat :-)
I don't always talk to Kentucky alumni, but when I do, I always ask for large fries... ;)
NO, you don’t have “haters”. People just don’t like you. Get over yourself."
Kick Axe is great, but C-Dog is special. Great beers. Thanks
i want some doritos
...to the hard of hearing you shout, and for the almost-blind you draw large and startling figures...
Florence + The Machine is coming in October, in San Diego and Mountain View. LET'S DO THIS!
always in the wolf pack
your little tweet about skyping with "Matthew" apparently wasn't me...
Let that would had been onee of my nigg's He would had died a little FASTER
California stars
Nice, solid run!
My thoughts i have none... "Boing"
I write in MLA and edit a journal in APA...most of my first drafts now are a weird mashup of the two!
BTW, love the name--both of them. Two giants of history.
The competition is fierce! Have you gotten your vote in yet? #brewersolympics at both Rohrbach locations
any ideas for exact dates or countries?
Spent the weekend in Austin at South by Southwest Music Fest-- incredible energy in this town. A beautiful city that still booming!
listing to pink floyd 's - obscured by clouds. in the new crib.... i need a life.
House is standing at ease until 2:35pm.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡25
Happy Birthday Alice Paul, author of the ERA!
Old enough to know what I want, young enough to get it!
awesome show tonight....
Great . . will be entering clinical rotations in a few weeks. And you?
I have to say right now is the coolest mofo on the planet to me...following his program and my body is morphing!
Rap City Bitch!
people who cheat at 'fuck, marry, kill' are the worst kind of people
right on man, where you out of?
Craving wings and fries again... There isn't a place close to me though :(
CAT sucks monkey balls
Yeah, I thought about moving them. Pretty deserted around there.
Collier to weigh fire, EMS mergers - The News-Press
Here You Go
The Hard Knocks retrospective is outstanding. Check it out on HBO.
Does get Subway endorsement deal now?
Actor Edward Norton's career could have used the boost that playing The Hulk in "The Avengers" would have given him.
she would hep a lot (: and GSA at school helps too
#RIP Whitney Houston
what is a consumer/patient's threshold for Health app burnout? How many apps can I possibly use and still find value?
Only had one final exam today ... Swag swag
Ten Athletes w/ Type 1 #Diabetes Will Run 3,000 Miles from Oceanside, CA to NYC bit.ly/nbqa8Q
I had to leave early, who won? As if the Star Trek domination of the event wasn't apparent
Crazy, eh?? I was absent for a while. But I'm back-ish LOL
#sharkweek who wakes up and says "i want to touch great whites when i get older" LMAO
Everyone check this station out they are amazing!
As Tina Fey would say, BLURG!
Haha, I always say that, too!
But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? -Albert Camus
Tweeting, for fun, from iCab for iOS.
Fuck that rip shit. I'm not disrespecting that movie. Imma buy the SE blu-ray too
Buy 1 Bottle get 1 FREE only at #RevolutionSaturdays . Reservations:
“: Now putting words in my mouth that's just to much. You seriously need help.” I do need help. Remind me what's your point
Then, in 2010, he abruptly became less involved in the seed exchange, & told Dr. Goldman he was distracted by a divorce from his 2nd wife.
: there is very little in the world that offends me, but "fuck Derby " is one is them
cool! :P
Don't be afraid to ask for what you want when working w vendors. Use your use data to define your needs.
thanks buddy
I'm having a great time with family today. I hope everyone else is having a nice day.
#Weightloss by tracking your every day calories! Works for me! Check out the
Startin "Good-Looking Mondays"
love your pic it makes me say my darling :)
"Jesus accepts his vocation and He does His work incredibly well."
Morning to all early birds getting their day started with Starbucks! I swear Starbucks drinkers are in a whole different universe, lol
hahahahah I know :)) there are some creepy people out there though hahaha
Yes, good suggestion. Thank you!
if rawr is i love you in dino then what is i hate you in dino? Answer: Grrrr
Looking forward to feeding you soon. P.S you might get hooked.
Thanks for the support :D
oh I am sweet and nice! But I'll be a bitch when I have to, naa meaan!
RT idea: "Breaking relationship between learning & time in Alberta" #abed rocks (more proof)
P***y is p***y but I'd rather it shaved! Ijs
Forgot to have my black eyed peas and collard greens today... hope this isn't a bad omen for the year to come!
OFF TWITTER. WATCH IT.
It's a beautiful day and I can't wait to play!
Things is my brother doesn't even want to go to this college.
Hi there Marina_Dee
Tune into ABC's Good Morning America this morning during the 8am hour. I'll be modeling some great spring fashions!
Thanks for tweeting about
What time do you think traffic will die down tonight? I have to drive to Phoenix...
Oh u fancy huh?, Oh u fancy huh? :-)
Pray for you and your community’s resolve to protect children by reporting incidents of child abuse and neglect
Indeed you do!
I'm gonna go be social tonight. See you guys at 7pm
you had me at "Death"
she needs to go :)
I like Taylor Swift, but no honey. I'll dislike you if you ever date Harry. I have my reasons.
ASCAP has a pretty useful online setup for publishing your songs. You can easily take care of that yourself
Shes part of a group who kidnaps kids like jake&emily to study them & try to profit from them.
I'm not a morning person....
Happy to have everything set to attend the 79th Annual Meeting of the Music Library Association, being held in San Diego
You're welcome! Our reviewer had a wonderful time!
ur so sexy can I lick u
Evil Alliance mascot?
Lucky you. Pathetic him.
I will always in my mind be the best in the world :) GN
Why is there always so much drama, get over yourselves
Twitter has been contacted... Now I wait and then delete if they can't help.. Sorry if anymore annoying messages reach y'all from me :(
If this was a ... free writing? Better ReTweet ...
Sitting down...
I wanna go
Boutta get lunch hungry
RT J of Audiences: "Why do they keep making these awful movies?" Answer "B/c u keep going to them."
Thank you new followers!!
Uh, how do you find people to follow on ? Anyone? Why can you only find people through FB?
a must read from the latest Western Historical Quarterly: "Rock Music and the New West, 1980-2010" by Todd M. Kerstetter
no there's like a minute left
uhh yea.. expect tat I didnt understand anything. lol
Wowww, niqkas be jacking my SWAG!
Back to School FX up now in Sound Design! Check it out on #productionvault!
Go Justin Go Justin almost 12.000.000 #followers !!
Wow. Gwinnett County Schools is facing a $90 million budget deficit?
TONIGHT - THRILLER with Lotus Resident DJ XES & Special Guest DJ's Justin George, Amy Lopez, Turtlefeet & Panda @ ABQ's Best Place To Dance!
Cool! Work or fun?
So true! RT “: Roman Harper is so tough and cool he doesn't just hit people, he penalizes them. Gosh, that never gets old.”
Don't forget to get your ballot in for the primary!
A little more than 50 percent in, Brooks, Doorley, Randall holding their leads.
I'm actually watching #Survivor finale that immunity challenge was intense
Do you think that Mac will be able to maintain its unique innovative quality now that Steve Jobs has passed?
FYI: MT : Tomorrow @ 7pm 5 pours of award winning Compass Box Scotches for $15
burbank i believe
Thats how I read it, but I have been soccer drunk for fifteen hours. Your definition makes total sense.
Heh. I also think of that whenever someone talks about cooking with broccoli rabe.
I am imagining Web 2.71828183 - The Transcendental Web
not at the present moment but the sidekick is ALWAYS ready lol
RT If you can't dance, don't blame the dance floor.
Yes ma'am I'm fine. Thanks a MILLI for thine concern
thanx for your leadership against #humantrafficking & followback. Share in a blessed 2012.
your really cute(:
I have some magic beans to sell to whomever believes this RT : RT : Pedroia was measured at 5-foot-8 3/4 today
It's nice when someone you love reminds you of the truth...I do deserve the absolute best. I really do.
Cue "Aoki-Mania" in Milwaukee.
good morning bestie!
Going out to eat & shopping(: Are you doing anything with your mom?
I know I saw some other cameras filming Skyline Park. Does anyone have any good crowd shots? We need some more for Guinness
Excited as heck for Hotel Foster Residency Week 3 tonight with and Hello Death! 8PM!
New office, new branding, new office manger, new master mind, new bigger network, Yahoo I'm ready!
my dog was throwing up yesterday it was nasty...would not want his life ha ha
Did you know that on this day in 1919, big band singer Anita O'Day was born right here in #Chicago?
Today, two people next to me hailed a cab and said. “Oh gosh I hope it’s the Cash Cab!”
Funny how #lakers fans were so happy with that win... LOL... Just wait til next week when ur gettin swept by !!!
I'm looking for a few good computer nerds who like money. www.budurl.com/techbiz
new Fforde novel! Joy, now I know what to add to my reading list.
what was you're dream
There is a large diesel fuel spill in the area of Clays Mill Rd and wellington. It is best to avoid the area for a while.
oh my....this is not a good look for them.
#kamakaze San Rafael is half full with people, there is a huge loud family taking three tables, fast service. The hamachi Kama was great
I hate to retire my brushes for a while. You're making me sad.
Sitting in a hot seat at the hard rock! Thx for the 1000 free play! The HRH is the only place to play on 10/10/10!
your cake is super cute!
First tweet in two months. Been balancing family and personal crises. Haven't written in nearly as long. Just posted first blog since 12/24.
Goodmorning/afternoon too all
It would be a cool opportunity for you. I think you'd find that it's a lot of fun.
Okc ball clearly
All bc I'm not around 24/7 doesn't mean it's the end of the world.
Slight change of hours for Wednesday September 28th. We will be closing early at 5pm. Sorry for any inconvenience!
Th community in #s don't attend mtgs Only the ppl who get off,eat by 6:30&dont have 2 chk hmwk go . Its a monarchy.
Ok let it out honey, let it out.... Miss u.
Order sent to Ashlee in MN!
Thx for the mailing! Dig the Romero Pharis disc. I am admittedly biased, tho, considering how desperately I want 1 of his 'jos
Hands down Hugo's surprised they are still open. RT What has been your worst restaurant experience?
#YouKnowShesTheOne when you can drive from SF to LA and not turn on the radio to drown her out.
: love your #ladiesoftvissue #itsTVinAmerica people say I could be sister... ^_^
is it from the transformer fire?
just because he isn't the one...doesn't mean there isn't another guy out there that you can love even more than the one who let you go. <3
Hope your boss isn't on Twitter.
Big things have small beginnings.
The last post was the First Round of the Alliance Semi-Finals.
it could mean you have to use the phone and call everyone the rest of the day :)
i think I'd actually watch footage of Mitt tap dancing...
Hey you should rename the Sounds of Coachella channel to the Jack Johnson channel.
Wondering why the deadline is 11:59pm. Would 8am suffice? What does the registrar do over the next eight hours?
no problem. Popped in for a few minutes during your live broadcast . Neat session.
Alicia still sexy
i guess it's a good day to have green in your team name and kit.
To celebrate the latest ruling on #prop8, come in btwn 11-2 today & get 8% off your lunch food if you mention the Prop 8 special.
3 pairs of Mallard ducks swimming in Rouge ponds today. Wonder if they'll nest on the Living Roof again this year, or in the wetlands?
hi! Sorry I missed this yesterday. Hope ur having a fabulous wknd!
Mark your calendar- Thurs 3/11 Harrisons on Third: GOKickball pre-season party. We've almost made it to spring! Lets celebrate this shit!
New player on the block Will Ferguson (Herndon H.S.)
Well, hello SoMo. Hope to introduce you to Ramon soon.
Feeling fancy listening to Sarah Vaughan eating raspberries.
Yeah, I think it finally counts. We watched it at work during lunch.
The Red Sox jab was by far the best in that Top 10. Well played.
Twitter-inro: and if you don't already know each other, you should!
I literally just laughed out loud! Hope you and Mrs are doing well! Let us know if you are ever in Clt and we can get dinner!
SKC keeps playing like this, we'll qualify them as a nation-state so they can win the Olympics & WC 2014. ; ) It's fun to watch!
My right hand is finnah match a blunt with my left hand..
Why care about being buzz worthy? Because all roads lead to conversions and $$
“We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.” ~ Maya Angelou
what pictures I post?<---enjoy your narcissism!
what are the stat people by the sound guy keeping track of? In front of 210
What's for lunch? Tacos? Brunch? Diet shake? Too many choices.
You have good taste!
Welcome to the team ! Glad to have you here!!
I wanna go to Phoenix.... The temp tomorrow is 104.!!
Lynne Ramsay is too indie for that (jk but the Morvern Callar soundtrack is picture perfect)
I'm still selling candy
I still can't believe I talked to earlier. <3
Happy Holidays!!! We at the #RVA wish you and yours a safe and blessed holiday season!!!
You're welcome! :)
now, that's wicked
TRAFFIC: 2 car crash w/injuries EB Beltline after Rimrock. Some blockage, use caution.
Rhetorical question: When are the "powers that be" going to concede to reality and label FOX as partisan propaganda hate speech?
RT Facebook petition in #TheKillingJoke. He really wants to do this!\ Fans want Mark as The Joker again!
We just added our latest song
did Jim Vance really just say "Stay on top of Irene with NBC4"?
Kay:* I want my something on fb btwww
online place to watch???
Dreaming of love is not enough.You have to work at it. I love because they're classy and fun - and they get results!
your ah-mazing and i heart you! A tweet back would be great but if your busy its okay i understand
me likey too!We have been together since 1800 followers,does this mean you guys are really dating just like she said?
just got my hoodie!! 1 word Dope!! really digging the steez! really love what yall doing fam.
Can't wait to hear from the fabulous today!
where do you find strawberry soju?
Thanks for listing us as a part of your "great people list"
If a group of midgets stand up at a football game and do a "wave" is it a "ripple"?
when is it dropping?? Strange Clouds IS Dope
btw did i ever tell you that my cousin's name was jenny shaw til she married, became jenny black (coulda been bshaw tho!)
did you all not play last weekend?
lol nothing just woke up too.:P noow just chatting and listening to Riri .♥ xD loveuu.♥
#BroughtonMemories Fussing out Mr.Vandervort and getting kicked out of class everyday .. lmao !
“: Must be nice to be hung over on a Tuesday at 3 -_-” hahha YES!
Who is you favorite jazz artist of today?
and #Baltimore city by 10?
Feeling better then yesterday :P
Yahoo! The Pirates won! I hope they can keep the momentum going.
I can find good out of any situation, that's why I be smilin.
"Is that rain?" No, Zooey, it's everyone who hates you peeing on your house.
for sure!
I'm thinking about watching some mad men on Netflix....
MediaTech Institute (Media Production / Entertainment School) been trying to get in for the last 4yrs almost.
No need to RT : Someone today told me not to change
Some girl here thought she was Santa and tried to go down her chimney to get in her house kuz she was locked out. Lol
Oh wow I just found out that is coming to WA tomorrow. Who has more details?
YES YES YES!!! i wanna see the cover:) pretty please with sugar on top?
haha well thanks for the thought
Has anyone else witnessed the "Forever Lazy" infomercial? Promised to leave you forever dumbfounded.
different races...different cities...same goal...
Watching my favorite MUA LIVE at
Have you heard the song "Take a Back Road"? I think it's going to my summer 2011 theme song...
“: 1st reason why N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: It would be redundant. Marriage is already really gay.” and incest
Way to think big! May the fourth be with you! :)
Just had a conversation about this w/a friend who wanted maid service as a gift for Xmas.
In celebration of #ToniMorrisonDay I will give you 5 reasons why *The Bluest Eye* is my favorite book of hers.
ya doin secret Santa tomorrow!!!!!!! ;D
Just 22 followers away from announcing winners of the #VampGiveaway Follow for your chance to be 1 of the lucky 20 winners!
faaaaack, gotta get up and do that cardio my little goat nuggets
Congratulations on a job well done!
Watching impractical jokers and literally laughing out loud. 😂
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
NBC has ordered 13 episodes of the new show GO ON. Congratulations !
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. ~ Julia Roberts
does that mean it was actually a bomb?
Let's just get through opening weekend...baby steps!
gl play g00t and get a modicum of good luck
Hahahahahaha. It's cool that bitch doesn't need to live.
RT : its kind of fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney
We realize we get a ~lot~ of AT&T bills, but sometimes it looks like the post office has stomped on them in a fit of rage.
Route 24 behind Suffolk Federal Credit Union
I've never noticed anything out of the ordinary. What's ordinary anyway??
Come play in the dirt on Saturday at Marion! We've got a mountain of soil to unload, weeds the need to be pulled and veggies to plant!
If the heat lose ima b hurt...
That's why I do the online dating thing. I have no idea how else I'd meet men.
Scratching your head over an answer to the "Tell Me About Yourself" job interview question? has tips for you via
"Step outside your shoes and think how people use search engines to find things" - Sheri Fitts, moderator
“: Jazz are about to come back!” < stop it!
Can't sleep
For every startup that makes something new, there are 6 startups there to support it, it seems. We truly are a "service" economy.
Fly into PHX Tues. Hope I don't need my passport from WI like Little Ax. Congrats on contract renewal!
Alright, made it out of the house, now what to do?
--aw thanks. miss you too emmygene....miss you too...
Happy FIRST Friday in May! Swing by the B tonight to grab a bite and some free stuff!
Yay! Fletcher saying no six figure pensions!
oh, thanks Ashley!! Those were some good times, but you can alway come to Kings Fishouse in the LBC!! I hooks it up!
its fine no worries :)
Enjoy It! “: Just got home and the postman has dropped of my copy of DVD that's tonight's entertainment sorted!”
Glad I'm going to north carolina
On break. Ready to go home.
": You're a monster" you are.
I didnt get to go visit MY FAMILY because, i didnt take 4 tests in two days.
read a few self help books, donate some of your time to charity, and STFU.
I love them and there's no complaints... Just a little bored I guess...lol
"When arguing with a fool, don't answer their foolish arguments, or you become as foolish as they are." Proverbs 26:4”
Lot No. 10 is a ROSE CITY Timbers jersey, autographed by team, and MLS ball autographed by
Progress without Destruction: would simply not happen without & They are crazy, hard-working angels
thanks! RT : Putting captions on my storm story, reminded of how talented photoj colleagues r. u'll want 2 buy 2morrow's paper.
Jealous, I am
Don't hope something good is going to happen, be stronger and KNOW it will...
how do psychos find such great masks?
OD tired night everyone :)
NOTHING...AND I'M WAY IN THE 407 :(
sounds like some exotic kind of purely medicinal marijuana
Once everything is finalized, I'm letting you know because we have to meet up, okay.
Turn Up The music , Cause We Found Love In A Hopeless Place :)
So it's called "the new iPad". Next year: the newer iPad.
I LOVE YOUU
Seriously, honey? I so would have gone with the movie. ;)
Carless: Is there some point to being able to trust an unelected admin?
great article on the SB. , , JV HS athletes, with a journalism degree & pen
What volume considerations are you concerned about? Different versions of data (one for people, one computers), etc.?
Thank goodness for my music <3 this would be the longest and worst car ride ever without it.
Wet them babe....
Whitney Houston is dead?? Wtf? 48 is way too young!
Sounds good!
Our open house showcasing our green roofs, living walls & rainwater tanks was extremely successful. Thank you to all who attended & helped!
I got this pizza but no microwave :/
Oh, I know about those ;) haha
just aloser station 963jackfm posted all internet radio are posers, I motivated my entire staff2 go after them...have fun.
The hottest models in the world
"Keep calm and get social" "Make your company social" Facebook
199 summer registrations and counting who will be number 200?
send a link
-- hooray and thanks! will play tonight via the program on
Totally off topic, but I found some good tea here at the convention center. Happy non-coffee drinker here.
I liked 3 in one solid glass frame_horizontal or just 2 in separate but matching frames. I couldn't decide either haha
Pretty fucking awesome weekend with friends in a TP cx, can't wait for next weekend to go to horror nights FUCKYEA (y)
3 more followers and we hit 500 followers!
hahaha isnt proper grammar a turn on! And yes I am yummy why wouldnt you be with me if I wasnt...hello! Your DILF day will come
I get the feeling his "evolution" will be well guided by gallop polls and think-tanks.
Yes, and we're looking for interns too! Great opportunities.
thank ya, I don't know where I'm going yet
"Stand by those principles [in the Dec of Indep], be true to them on all occasions.. whatever cost." Fred. Douglass July 4, 1841
Working on super fun luggage tag Save the Dates for a destination wedding in Puerto Rico!
#Everify legislation has been catching dust in for 7 months. HR 2885 would help millions of unemployed Americans
heat suck, GO SIXERS
Hard to believe, but finals week at #EdgewoodCollege is here.
What like 10th parking ticket this year idc charge it to my bursar
Re-reading "One Writer's Beginnings," by Eudora Welty.
Something crazy is gonna happen tonight regarding Favre!!!
Airport food breakin' the bank
has new hair, and he looks damn good
Wow.... Micheal Kay probably thinks thats actually true
Do you like apples?
no fighting fellas.
Can't wait to see you in Oakland at the end of the week!
LOVE IT! has to be a good feeling to finally have your official season tix in your hand, right?
You know what you should do....? :D LOL.
Spelling errors in my tweets make me cringe.
Remember to #live a little and enjoy #family and
Nothing spells out "how to bond with family" better than a good drink!...or at least how to tolerate them...
Final film of the festival and Mira Sorvino looks beautiful in person!
Good job. Thanks for stepping in to do the presentation.
"#GuysNeedTo realize she's tired of fighting, She wants to be fought for, tired of caring, she wants to be cared for. & Wants to be yours."
will u help a fellow mahomie get noticed xx please DM austin to follow mee its my life long dream please pleasee help me out ♥♥
do they BBQ in CA?
obsessed with coffee
A dog bite is not my preferred way to start the morning. Oh well...
Yeah, sorry about that. But I'm not kidding. This was an utter disgrace.
Planet Hollywoodresort – Hollywood Action on the Strip from $75/NT
EVERYONE TWEET
And he's never looked back since. RT : Peter Criss left KISS on this day in 1980 to pursue a solo career.
Sunday Liquor Sales One Step From Reality In Connecticut
Movie Night ♥ No School Tomorrow.☺
Tear it up down there guys!!
RT : S/O to the girl who just fell outta the booth. That's what u get for coming up here & demanding shyt. #mandown <-LOL
Good Morning Stephen! Just letting you know that class Twitter accounts are now in Blackboard for our #WorkplaceTechnology class
great show congrats
I could drop a dime on Joe Starkey at anytime but I won't do it.
They're playing The Cab at Bdubbs.
Kev, you just killed me with that pic.
I thought would like to know Payne's BBQ was rated in the top 20 best BBQ joints by Southern Living. 3 were from Memphis.
#RihannaNavyHatesBeliebers that's nice. hating on other people's success gets you nowhere.
Woohoo! Plans are being made to open Burger-Fi locations all over Orlando, including LAKE MARY (where I live). Loved that place in South FL!
our population [the mentally disabled] also suffer from abuse and neglect. we work to prevent this.
he was proud that the canoli was only on the floor for 3 seconds
Nathan Sharansky + Michael Oren + Birthright and Masa testimonials = good plenary!
SMOKING IT
Good morning tweeps! What's the most interesting thing you've read so far this morning?
What was your favorite show you went to see us for this 2011? Who do you want to see us play with in 2012!?
Just finished Crank last night and got a msg from my library that Bossypants is waiting for me! Can't wait to start it later.
needa new word besides " swag "
Indeed, it is! MT : Thanks for a wonderful women's leadership society kickoff tonight. #STL is full of amazing women!
They say that good things take time But really great things happen In the blink of an eye ;) katy perry <3
Photos from sat are up, check them out...
Republic Wireless Officially Unveils $19/Month Service: Unlimited Everything, No Contracts bit.ly/ujPc1i via
Wednesday, the 18th (:
:\ Good thinking. Hope your headache fades away forthwith. Maybe think of bright copper kettles & whiskers on kittens :)
Instead, they were non-competitive anyway and destroyed their franchise in the process. Probably another 1/2 decade away still.
i was wondering cuz on the we are heroes website said the 10th
thanks for that bro tip..i sorta needed it..
I hate that the Kentucky Derby is on cinco de mayo.
Still awesome, just much, much faster. :)
Mark sold Facebook to the Government too they're both monitor and tracking systems.
UK Hacking Report Out Tuesday - Wall Street Journal
I am loving this California Weather, hope everyone in ATL holding it down.
Good choices :) RT of course and rachel roy
"Will Quicken WillMaker work on my Mac? No. Quicken WillMaker is a Windows-only software." < Not cool to die cool, I guess...
I might adopt this. Sample list of movie soundtracks?
Logged the related ColdFusion Defect for Error While Reading Header in built-in exception handling as 3132879
sorry to hear that... Send her my love
haha thanks its totally awesome :D p.s. i like yours too XP
fugger L.a is my town!
Happy Valentine's Day
Dont make me come after u Rampage!!! LMAO :-) U KNOW U SCARED :-)
We tend to judge others by their behaviour and ourselves by our intentions -Albert F. Schlieder
Thanks for the RT's!
A2 A good spaceship needs a lot of ducts. You can't have science fiction with out ducts, service passageways and corridors.
here you go:p
Zooey Deschanels voice is like butter. Or cream. Or buttery cream. It makes me want to fall asleep and be awake all at the same time.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at New Mexican Kennels today from 10 -3! 4401 Yale Blvd.
o & by the way that pic looks very very good. M
ksleidkqlw our mothers need to say yes
Fuck. We lost. Oh well. Game 6 here we go!
Chip Kelly just told the fans to shut up hahaha! Priceless
You shouldn’t cheat. If the feelings aren’t there, you shouldn’t be either.
Trick or treat?
uninstall now!!!! Terrible one.
Benches warned as Marcum hits Soriano. #Brewers not happy about Braun/Weeks getting hit twice each this weekend.
Bakersfield 99 Tulsa 85 with 7:07 left to play in the game... Butch leading the Jam with 19 points
Has it rained in chicago before?
they did and I respect it but she's still fake
do you have a #sdcc correspodent? Omaha native will be there promoting
what is what
Okay. That kind of scares me.
I never loved someone i didn't know until now <3
Rain, rain go away!
ok loves dem gritty ass drums! Refreshing :)
that's a little creepy...
You see this <0? That's how much I care of what you think of me.
_=P) I'am Very HappY
Love dustin Brown cant believe there were trade rumors bout this guy hes a phenom
Look for kids with positive leadership traits, not exclusionary leadership traits. upstanders > bystanders
Okay, fucks and fuckettes, stop tweeting and come screw with us live on-air and skype/chat with everyone. -- ZenLive.tv -
Never mind me, it is showing up now... thanks for sharing.
now he's back to "yes we can"
I hope maywether gets slept
patience grasshopper. Working on an plan:-)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x5
tell the kiddos that prim found a family She said she misses the girls but respects lunas decision to be the only cat
Dunwoody. Objectivity is good for capturing info, but does not add much to validity.
Can't wait to get my OF shirt ♥
I can't lie, I had a brief love affair with the Rangers in October
Now they are. Boom.
RT : #WeWontWork if you're still cool wit your ex
#alamw12 bright and shiny faces at the careers-in-federal-libraries @ placement center. Come learn about #newfeds and fascinating jobs!
the streets let you breathe again, but evil men will soon be on the receiving end
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at
Sitting around a fire, drinking beers, and talking never gets old
Really want #KickboxFastfix! I teach. It'd benefit me & my class mmbrs! The world needs to know the awesomeness of KBOX!
Going to with my best friend Carmen for Cinco de Mayo! Woo Hoo!
Our collections team is presenting now on the status of our collections cataloging project.
thanks </3.....sorry I'm too fat for you
Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain
: Former Redskins QB John Beck agreed to a deal with the Houston Texans.
What's the odds that I would have a golf ball size knot on my back and a pounding cough at the same time. I am seriously fucking awesome.
Thanks for the RT!
How was the Music side of sxsw? Did you get home yet? Jerry needs an address to send Cameras too. Do u have his email?
oh, cool!
Next time just reverse the question to them.
I realize how great my friends are when they leave, and all I do is talk about how great they are to anyone who'll listen.
Fucking love you , stay strong <3
:) no problem. Great work!
Just looked thru ur pics & damm..Blow dust on da haters!!U only have 1 #LIFE and it looks like ur living it Winters Way :).
i'll always be here for ya Bro,
Thanks girl, I hope nothing kills me!
nice So ur digging the album then? :)
Something about driving the new-to-me to work this morning gave me a new found confidence.
up on today, on responses to Letters in The Mail
That is better than anything I ever expected. But we'll see if it's true this summer.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. ~ Peter Ustinov
You ain’t gotta, you ain’t gotta, leave..
making cupcakes...i know their getting boring!
What are "Tron" and "Wargames", Alex. Potent Potables for $600, please.
Life ain't about waitin 4 the storm to pass, is about learnin to dance in the rain
tks its very complicated and frustrating. But I can sum it up as a small child that behaves like a teen.
me too hahha
marry Christmas! <3333
No better feeling than sitting on your toilet, carefree on a Friday afternoon.
soo cute!! what where you for halloween?!?!
Do you LOVE to dance and perform in front of football fans?!?! Well than the NJ Sky DANCERS is JUST for YOU! Email NOW for more details!!!
If you guys need any help in getting more fans/followers tweet my other account I have over 9K followers
End Spring Break in style! INSANE prices on OKC Party Bus this weekend! Call 405.447.2446 now!!
ever miss an event/show/party and then see the pictures online to realize how glad you are you didn't go because it really looked horrible?
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson because he's utterly amazing.
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <3r
so say hello to falsetto in 3, 2 swag
Never underestimate your own intelligence and never overestimate the intelligence of others ..
working out of the PN Boston office this week, Dunkins never tasted so good
Damage control time Rangers
Popcorn and A movie . All Nighter Here I come .
just search your model there. If there are any big "gotchas" those folks will know about them.
Know it's old news but still cool that Hokies led only twice during the BC game--at the beginning & at the end, when it counted. Nice!
How can you pay someone through an email? It doesn't make sense to me unless there's something I'm missing. Thought PayPal was good enough.
CP3, Bynum & Kobe have knees of players 3x their age. Getting rid of Odom would have made Bynum annual injury a season killer
Havent been home in 4days just got home leaving tomorrow for another 4days
Birthday hangover, which I feel is only gunna get worse as the day goes on.
Hey your finished with your food. I'll finish that.
So sorry. My condolences. Sad news. :(
TRUTH you have an amazing voice and tweet about food quite a bit <3
Watching Memphis implode a second time is just a delight.
oh I'm all up in it for sure!
Congratulations! Things are really coming along! So exciting!
Bombarding my Indaba session with different versions of my song.
if you use Outlook, it's a way to keep messages outside of your inbox. Every new year I create one for the year before.
ima txt u
LOL... It's silly, but I think I just get stressed with numbers. *Especially* at tax time ;)
I'm excited too. I kinda just want to launch it right now. :)
Just landed in LA. Happy to be home, but wish Futures of Finance were my life.
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite Thanksgiving day leftover is ____________
#RememberHow I hated sleep, yeah, that hasn't changed... ever.
Some exciting new additions to the market this season including Cream City Forge - on the spot traditional blacksmithing!
I increasingly feel like Twitter is junky, and I don't want to add to the junk. I still have a work account which I'm active on.
Thanksgiving is so close we can taste the turkey! 2 days left to contact for our Holiday Shopping edition!
When selecting plants for a #landscapeimprovement project, look for a variety of plants with different sizes, colors and textures
u fallin off in obsessions this weekend my nig?
Had a great photo shoot! Hard at work at rehearsal now! Photo shoot day 2 on Thursday! More pics to come!
There comes a time when walking away is the best for everyone.
ah awesome ::) I want to make a actual fansite but I don't know how :p lol
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars are turning to rookie quarterback Blaine Gabbert.
Nice. I like their little faces.
Tell your friends & family to "like" us and help us grow our page!
In talking to a veteran reporter for the Inquirer on journalism: "You're young enough to get out while it's good!"
don't worry he will defend that by saying he different from potus because his dad paid not Academic scholarship thus better
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/17/12 is Sally, Dan and Ian!
OEL is one of the best prospects in the league and miele has a lot of potential, hobey baker winner. winnipeg fans are clueless
listen to 's #TurnToYou tribute song to his mom,it sounds exactly like this.
": I like immature comedies so much Im considering adding the phrase I like immature comedies 2 my bio." You're watching the debate?
lol, adult stories only suppose to be read at night, lol
I would do
Sorry but if anyone can 'Drop the world' it would be
you look fine the way you are!!
#On-site shredding! #TheDataShark can travel to your location for your hard drive & media shredding needs. Call today to schedule a feeding!
Smack time! Let the rain feel your smile... About to take my lil brother Ipod and go to mars...
The global mobile advertising market will grow to between $13 and $14 billion this year.
I'm digging the profile pic Leah!
can't fall back asleep. let's tweet about it.
Somebody really stole fucking $400 out of my safe. Surely this is a fucking joke.
Hahahahaha. Good point.
Walk off, Chipper!
What do your visitors get? Provide them the details with Google Places and you've got a customer!
I am going to work on that once I'm back at school. I don't think my advising team really gets what I mean. I need a sample first.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox2
Interesting. But when 60 mins devotes 12 mins of the segment to one POV & less than a minute to the other view, I wonder...
hello. Thanks for the follow.
Victory is mine! Victory is yours! Put God first in all you do. And stay on the winning side! 1st tweet.
I fixed it! Haha
I just viewed an image that will not be soon forgotten.
When 10 year olds act like they're the shit.
Think hiring a Healthcare Analyst is a snap? They are when you use us to phone source them!
Congrats, Shimo! :) RT : Closing on my house today, an expensive early bday gift to myself
I'm doing Dallas. And by doing, I mean eating steak in a bolo tie.
Are you at home for when the boys get home or do I need to bring them here?
where is you?
I can't wait to watch #Yankees game later on d-live, gonna lip-reading all game out of
Final 3 days of Sectional Sale! Sale ends April 1st!
alot of goodby's at Rice today, sad and happy
i miss monique.
“: graduslly learning that Snickers doesn't satisfy me.” sounds like the title of a blog post
call me wolf?! Wtfff!!! I felt something with the accountant guy
what happened?
"our company is 160 years old" that's just a little bit older than chamber!
Thank you for the RT ;) xo
thanks for coming in and supporting .
Surprised no one has named me yet!
I Was Hoopin All Day
RT Happy Mothers Day!!/thanks a bunch :)
YOURE ALSO ALLOWED
#ABA update: #IRS official states they do NOT share individual taxpayer information w re worker classification program
You're the 1! & don't worry. Ur invite is "standing." Alwys fun times w n on News4
I knew it RT Men who pop their polo-shirt collars are three times more likely to cheat on their taxes and get away with it.
Waiting as usual
Upon my return we shall commence
Child ate all my Almond Pistachio Ice Cream >:( Well I guess she'll wake up to no Girl Scout Cookies!!!!!! And I wonder why I'm a whale! ;(
I was just called a tall drink of water by a creepy old lady at work..thanks I guess..to bad I can't say the same thing about your old ass.
I really like Chris Webber calling this Memphis/Clippers game. He's doing a great job.
don't text me, cause I won't text back. I'm so serious about what I said.
From Vince (6:50pm): severe t-storm warning NW Racine & NE Walworth cos. Quarter size hail East Troy moving E.
it feels like it lacks a certain amount of depth, but as I drill through I don't think that's actually true...
come back soon!
when ever I update using blackberry it cuts half of my update...what's up with that?
#Durantula strikes again! Sit down Black Mamba.
Good Morning! I hope everyone has a wonderful and productive Wednesday! :)
My final speech was a success :) Now I'm just 1 class away from getting to see my baby after a month of not seeing him <3
First time I've had some serious thoughts about how I've been missing out with never going to Europe.
My children are following you as well... if you see them, it will probably be too late, though. :)
Thanks for the follow Pat! Sounds like the home show was a huge success. :-)
Did you get one too?
you missed getting an iPhone.
Way to Mississippi! Personhood my ass.
Apparently I'm dating Tom Luna. Hahaha
THat pussy heat wat I tell her wen.im in it!
aww thanks! I feel like I haven't talked to you in awhile! Since London!
Oh, how I long for a garden to call my own.
For too long, students have become tourists in our schools rather than citizens
On the Chinatown bus to New York to see "Anything Goes."
She use to call me asshole, now she drops that ass low.
yes sirr :p its on right now! On mtv.
#customerservice sucks, their iphone accessories deal doesn't work and they want me to call the manufacturer, what a waste of money
I'm following too many people.. I'm going to have to unfollow everyone that hasn't followed back so that I can follow new ones. ughh
icing my leg with a bag of cold fries cuz of last night!:)
Days like this I want to drive away...
Observing the Day of Silence
RT : In 2010, Sweethearts added a "Tweet Me" candy heart for Valentine's Day.
My committee approved my proposal today. Submitting to the IRB/ARB tomorrow. Nervous!
But also great is
Thank you! Please do.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
-- I haven't had the wild grape ones yet... :(
Go Listen & expand your tastes & your mind
Ok, I have 4 bakers hitting the kitchen hard for my team challenge fundraiser from Cedarburg to Milwaukee! Go team Wisconsin!!
don't let people fart on your pillow!
ya :) im new to this so im still getting use to it
Reeling after mixing a great show with Grammy Award-winning songwriter Loudon Wainwright I. Gotta get the whole catalog now!
Kalleberg details North Carolina's transformation from manufacturing to a service economy. Transformation = more rapid in NC than nationwide
I agree. It may technically be a discovery layer, but you're really just using a fancy catalog, imo.
I enjoyed The Voice tonight, how about you?
wats good ppl im cripin and u should be to.
I was just in an elevator with 4 sheriffs while blasting a track on my ipod called Sex N Drugs @ full volume & i felt super naughty!! Teehee
"Be careful with those drugs" Says the drug dealer. Don't worry, if i kill myself i won't mention you kind my suicide note.
One Day My Dream Of Attending One Of Concerts Will Come True& I'll Get To See Amazing Choreography!*Dreaming BIG*
Showing some luv for my new followers 😘😘
Sex is better than love
Supporting the local music scene.
I liked the profile pic; )
I would like to wish everyone happy holidays and the best of luck in 2010. Special thanks to our customers who made 2009 the best year ever!
Athens is def not my scene
Someone call fashion police cause idek what my history teacher has on...
And your running man dance, apparently RT : Getting my drink on!
when you think your life is all messed up and you keep trying to find the right guy, maybe its time to see that he's right in front of you.
make a blue phone please. The next incredible :)
Time to get this marketing executive job on the road! :)
We had a great time raising $$ for & ! Raised almost $500 in a one night - great job! RT
Well. My work here is done. ;)
At the Louisiana Art & Science Museum - us! We're located in downtown BR on Rivet Road :)
Today's #MusicMonday! What is the farthest you have ever traveled for a concert?
Oh and happy 20 to my brotherman,
Thanks for asking Chris. He is fantastic. Recovering very well and on his last check-up, cancer free. Thanks for asking.
i dont be on twitter too much cause im busy workin n gettin my money
i love you.
Damn good win by the Kings! Now 10-1 in the playoffs!
sure! I'll join. but im just gonna tweet something.. my parents wont allow me to post a pic.. :(
Great find! Love the lecture and visualization of the concept. Sharing with my cartoonist father.
I would survive forever !
Everyone follow , they follow back! Get them to 300 followers by today? :)
...so you are so disconnect, missing the bigger picture.
Thank you for following us! If there was ONE tweet I could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me
lol! I loved that speech
Not yet.. We are going to see you in 6 days!
thanks my dear! Great to see you also!
he looks so big and fuzzy. I saw his picture last night!!
Haha(: uhm i have to keep both hands on the wheel(: lol andd no i drive again Friday.
oh cool. glad you liked it. i appreciate the feedback. best, pete
thanks cheeks
You got me fucked up...I see you everyday,smile so bright it could make my day& and now it turns out you mite be leaving :/
There's two possible outcomes if the result confirms the hypothesis, then you've made a discovery. If the result is contrary to
So I'm gonna try and save em before I spray the yard with bug and snail poison :(
I'm so sorry I didn't know you were waiting for the story in your car. The next version will air at 5:03 PM. Thanks again
Still down on Aug 15 draft deadline..July 15 makes way more sense to me..
Still no reply for me?/; well, i love youu..<3
: Who's coming to #WangoTango then? It's gonna be wicked!
wow. So what else has been up with you? Speaking of Piracy, have you seen Avengers? LMAO
Excellent! Thank you :-)
If ur going to be a big man, be able 2 finish; so, Vesely > Kanter now (in light of Seraphin)
Political does not matter - opt out
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!
Glad to hear it! Where's you're husband? We could use his support too ;) Thanks for following and thanks more for caring!
hello good morning is on dance central!? I'm playin that NOW!!!
::who doesn't love a pbj? we had in last week, we should swap folks across coasts more often!
March show at boro gallery. Mate Torres, check her work out at WWW.mayetorres.com March 4th 317 gold St, downtown Albuquerque.
yo what's your middle name and birthdate my mom need it for the tickets you can dm it
Thanks so much for following us!!
“: I Roll Up . I Fuck Shit Up . I Leave .” & Leave Smoking Tree Lol
I guess it's a good stress when you're buried in projects, so I'll take it. Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
I Cried When you said we'd be together forever but you left me on our anniversary.
the fourth of july is nothing without FIREWORKS:)
2 hours of exams for 4 days :c
Whose even playing right now. SOMEONE ANSWER.
rt "It's not a water bug, it's a water feature."
I Doubt it. RT : am I the only one who didn't know that Tami was on the Real World
I will photograph that band anytime.
i dont know how to put mascarra on my bottom lashes.. -__-.
follow my instagram and i follow back yayaya
Yes, Goodnight
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business – Henry Ford.
interesting; tell me more.
and thanks for thew mention and support on the rural #broadband loan issue!
need a cure to this pain, im about to go insane
At 2:07pm CT, acknowledges death / suicide of / LB Junior Seau along bottom line, over an hour after first report.
Prayers headed your way! We missed you this morning! :)
Hunting for the correct weight and color selections of silk sewing threads.
Follow this girl.
word... dust that Spaceship putter off it's go time
One thing that didn't change: First official Earth Day green cleaner #Shaklee Basic-H is still powerful, green, safe & healthy!
"She fills up every corner like she's born in black and white" --KT Tunstall--Suddenly I see
Reading Gone Digital and it's making me crazy--half of my comments are "B.S.!!" and half are "Yes!!"
'twas a collective vision, of course. Also: ask Webster for the original email; this day was foretold…
I felt the presence of a predator in my vicinity. Thank the lawwwd!
When you don't have to work during the week time sort of stops mattering.
...I love to see God laying the foundation for a new thing....
I gotta ask: Does the "Vote4Sex" email really go to your wife? That's a bold move, if so.
tonight's the night! live at gramercy theater, 8pm. if you want the ill discounted ticket tell us now. if not, see you there people!
How about you vote the will of the people for a change and vote against SOPA/PIPA. You're a rep not a leader, remember?
Touch down in the middle of the city massive street jam up to new berry!
who hangs at work on their day off....
OUR NEW HIT "GO TIME" IS GONNA SPREAD LIKE WILD FLOWERS
a lack of agility that resulted from bloated management structures.
I think you guys should make bodysuits too! Ultimate inch loss! I'd wear that thing everywhere!
it was good, but now im at my house bored -_-
yea its good what interview are you watching?
He already has, several times.
Cool. Wynton Marsalis named cultural correspondent for CBS News.
Dinner outside now for first time this year. Thanks for picking up the tab!
So grateful for my friends and family. Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
my muffin is so beautiful ains
Just left Earth. Surrounded by busted-broads......
Spotted: Lots of Beta Iota Brothers in the library this week for FINALS! Keep studying, it will pay off!
#onthelastdayofschool im gonna ask Mrs. Parsons why she hasnt had her baby yet..
Step up in the place just me & my buddy everywhere I go they screaming out "KID CUDI"
I found out that I have reached the "limit" to the number of people whom I can follow (2001 users). Love to all!
I think I just got a 12.
...all I have to do is cut thumbs off gloves, sew a small hem & write-off my new sewing machine as a biz expense! Ur genius!
Of course! Gotta be aggressive to #getrecruited Good luck!
Simeon Got The W. Yesterday
If you're like me, very little.
#fb mobile hack boston just starting James Pearce MCing for the day
Follow your Bliss, Live in your Passion, Do what you love!
Bosch! Carroll
RT : bringing a bunch of bad bitches to - I wish I was cool like that. cc:
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
oi lad Pikey here..coming to the match on Sun? Carpool from the pub at 2
i swear by the moon and the stars and the sky...
Whatever, have a nice life.
Super bummed to miss all the fun at today. I'll play a few tunes to send good #thatcamp vibe.
Wait now I hear them laughing insanely loud... What do I have to do to get some sleep around here?!
Giving up sucks, but sometimes it's your only option..
my bad- totally different taco shop in north beach. Rob's fault but he bought it too.
RT : pleasure meeting #MTVMade Pageant Coach Kyle Haggerty at Miss VA United States Workshop! Loved the tips !
Hmm, maybe if you wear them in school colors..? ;)
Ooh! Always wanted to do that. You like it? Was it spendy?
stop tweetin n school girl
Starting a 5-10 NL. Come play. Call (702) 770-7654 to add your name to any list.
It's CHEESEBAR Wednesday! Stop by and see in Little Italy tonight for our weekly Cheesebar Happy Hour from 5-8pm! Just $12 per person.
I can only imagine...as every job does...still though, very intriguing
Natasha, clever thought emotional warmth
right , right ?
Need to quit playin wit that thang!!!
491 - Discerning Undiscernment, the intentions of a lack of intentions in the digital age, wp.me/pIKxz-Dw
I am lol
#10FactsAboutMe I laugh when I tell the truth as opposed to when I lie
Yes indeed. Hope to see you again sometime soon.
Thanks for the pointer to #PerstLite! I knew about it but it had fallen off my radar. I'll give it a shot now.
During times like these, the best advice is in the music.
she str8 but she still a buss down
When making your new twitter profile, to get the best quality logo your image should upload a 128 pixel x 128 pixel image for your profile
Ugh im right there with you :/ but if its meant to be the it will happen.
Here we go again with Manny!
yeah, it's called the bright side of waking up at 4am. :-)
LOOKS GREAT!!
What does Larry Sanders between tip and the start of the game that requires him to go to the locker room?
statigram is so slow lately
I've been known to either Stomp The Yard and or Serve.
that picture is absolutely ADORABLE!
