I'm also reading Glamour magazine. This is how I spend my friday.
that's ya twitter follower. All I do is tell the truth. Scracthimg the record and backspin. Keep it gucci
the keg is Electric once again!
Does your pooch need a new, bike-powered, ethically-minded, walking partner? Get in touch!
I'm Sickk Smhh` I'm Not Never Feeling Good ... = [
didn't see this one coming
At all! Listen, grad school applications will eat your life. I've been a shell of my former self since about October.
Focus on #autism symposium today from 6 to 9 pm at 651 Colley Ave. Learn what EVMS has to offer and hear about ongoing research!
Evidence 1900's fashion is back in - Instagram.
Sinise is like the #1 fundraiser for injured vets. Watched something on him about a year ago. Gained a lot of respect for him
acabo de subir las fotos de la fiesta de Halloween... feel free to tag yourselves :P
This week is Food Allergy Awareness Week. We must shed light on this life-threatening issue. I suffer from many food allergies.
Motel 6? I'm SO there! Tom Bodett’s keepin' a light on for us!
I'd be screwed if I wasn't :) Have an AWESOME day!
Mike, Thanks for the compliment. Yes we are connected on LinkedIn. Sent you a message a little while ago.
i have 86 followers what you gonna do ? ya thats right, im a boss
Dissnn Kobe and you got no rings
6/11 10:45 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: David Baker
Hahaha ;D Bumming It Today But I've Been Great♥♥ How About You?? We Need To Catch Up!♥
Transitions in libraries are never fun but it's hard to imagine doing it as poorly as this. Way to maximize the stress and pain!
Ok. on to football season!!!!
Im off from work now! Time to chill!!
Probably right!
Following thanks to
Go to sleep -.-
haven't seen you around in forever. How are things?
#YouProbablyShouldnt vote for Lebron as MVP if he keep ducking like the other night
you know you will be sporting some red lipstick in your pjs. Oh wait- that's me
I am blessed to have so many amazing friends.
I wanna knw how many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur b-day is this month # Retweet:) #Team Aries an Taurus_
The correct answer, now that I think about it, was not writing a massively inefficient method in the first place. Doh!
Did you see our video & read our press release? #PassionForChange #Chicago #Movement #StopBullying #StopSuicide Help us stop it.
Happy Revenge of the fifth!
Our card game is based on geeks and their fandoms. We have a set in the works featuring Swashbuckle and Ex Deo.
I would. There are WAY too many Jennifers. It was a trendy name for like 15 years after the movie "Love Story" (1970).
Mario Lemieux good!
Who wants to come over and cuddle?
Give light and people will find the way - Ella Baker
Especially with a little black pepper, a little cheddar, and a glob of real butter...
11:11 i wish for to tweet me <3
Fuck .i can't take this anymore.
Important college & student aid talk this week. One key piece very much on our radar right now: #communitycolleges. Announcements to come.
you said you tweeted me but I received no such thing!
Love! Thanks for sharing!
Meditation creates inner contentment. The experience of Truth is knowledge, and True Knowledge is Bliss!
Happy mothers day evrybody
Congratulations. Good for you.
Congratulations Dr. Meredith!!!!!!!!!!!
You're right. =) Every day will be 100% worth it. Just gotta stay strong and keep my chin up.
i completly agree with you. one of my many faves of that year.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah ♥
haha for sure!! :D
Man , My #Pirates can't do nothing on offense. I'd know it's early but come on
ND may not win tonight, but they are running some stuff i'd like to put in for nxt season
Ugh, I am so sorry you got the #drupalflu I am glad you escaped unscathed!
At what point in this transformation do I lose my unique personality & reason I wanted to become a teacher (to create relationships w kids)
what?!! you could never bother me! :) 85?! I bet you guys are thawing out up there! Headaches are better (knock on wood)...
Two great sessions thus far today: Angie HIcks of and on "The Relationship Economy"
I Cant wait for
Big things are coming your way, Snackers. Stay tuned.
Going to have to delay the stickam for a little bit because my computer is being a piece of shit...but hopefully we'll be on soon!
Keep us updated! (: RT We hope you will check out our #kidsapp #Kandoobi - Animal Edition for iPad when it launches soon.
You can't interview Darryl Sutter on the bench...it takes 4 minutes for him to answer one question!
Breaking out the yellow polo for the big wedding
Pro•to•type ► the original on which something is based; someone that serves to illustrate the typical qualities of a class.
“: Nothing is this world compares to the glory of our God. Nothing. Nothing compares to what He has for us.”
Yeah. Maybe it's just a season not for me and next year they move away from the stuff I found annoying/repetitive.
same to u, thx!
Or you could just use so I can see what you're reading!
Cam Newton named to NFC Pro Bowl roster replacing Eli Manning who is well IN THE SUPER BOWL!
I know. Your tweet just reminded me of the lifestyles of many of the rich funders of progressive magazines, esp the vacations part
so much stuff happened while i was gone..
Now listening to: MGMT - 'Electric Feel'
yes! Daft punk Tron!
#CloudBrokering check out #Cloud-eVerse product
it's Andre. I'm Standing next to you right now. Follow back
my pleasure. also thank and for the tip!
oh awesome!! And yes, me and Matthew are great<3 thanks for asking!
What do you do when you're sad? :(
Signed it! Thanks for the link!
save her , save her.
#IfIHadACult...I'd make my followers kick flash mob males in their privates
Three Peas chillin
Im sorry honey :( i deleted it.. :(
Have a good time ! the night life is live ! ,,
This is a new one: soaked to the skin and watching a wet, sideways-blowing snowstorm from a Flatbush coffee shop.
There's a sweet spot bet too much & not enough. Right at the moment it feels silky on the outside wrap it & chill it 1 hr.
Money Stay On BodyBuilder
6 mile run yesterday, 7 miles today plus a swim. How many Cadbury Eggs will that cover? Do Peeps count too?
Each day rain's been forecast this month, I've biked in & parked in garage--no rain. Today the same--it's only now raining in Polish Hill.
We have a service called Wildblue. There is three packages; $49, $69, $79.
Looking forward to lunch outside w/little D today at UMBC. Great way to start the weekend, to include surprise visit w/ Sunday.
There is a certain Buddhistic calm that comes from having....money in the bank. ~ Tom Robbins
Fun contest! RT : Having lunch ? 1st person to tweet us a pic wins 2 tix to concert tonight !
It's official- I have graduated.
Beanie Wells or Ryan Grant ?
Thanks :D
The Bobcats should be forced to play in the WNBA.
My guys will run them into the ground in next 2 games,be a shock to see them get in Denver
I pray I never become complacent
Also why do all narrators for books on cd sound like 90 year old women? no younger people want to read books aloud?
#fridayreads Have Mercy on us all by Fred Vargas and listening to Ape House by Sara Gruen
WHOA WHOA WHOA. Crazy harsh.
!! So true story
Had a great time teaching the workshop at BioCurious. Looking forward to more!
RT : in the building! NEW AT 9 mix on the BLOCK PARTY ON TUNE IN NOW!
Happy B day to the guy with the greatest hair on this side of the missippi
love little notes from dads! Happy Valentines Day
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight. Phyllis Diller
On Wumenguan - koan 31: No crack of the whip Need rip hands from the cliff's edge. Lightning from shadow!
Making Pancakes for my three favorite little girls. :)
You are the star for which all evenings wait. <3
we're happy too! might have a diff cooler name but it's still just me & johnathan writing everything, so it's all good :)
Should not have taken that nap today.
OMG ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!:O im SO jelly. You saw him in concert!!!! And he told you Happy Birthday in person. :O
Just entered a record in but it seems to have deleted one I'd created previously :( help!
Anthony January of Taft HS has gotten it together in the classroom and will qualify also he will visit Univ.New Mexico in a couple of week
On my bucket list RT “: for me it was in 06/2005 went to england.”
Wow! Wrote 5 offers on 5 prop in the past week for 4 different buyers. As rental rates rise, renters see that it's cheaper to buy!
Fantasy is necessary and meaningful
Maybe if my band ever gets signed we'll tour & play in your city! LOL
Words are loud. A lack of words can be louder.
I'm here. What time on Sunday? Noon? I think I might be able to swing that. Where at?
My 6 year old little brother calls you "Scotty McTooty"
Happy Thanksgiving World!!!
I slammed my laptop shut too! & I ran out of the room! Ugghhh! I legit almost pissed my pants!
Example: Blue light
Just you wait and see!!! :)
not too bad, how about you? how's the little one? not so little anymore, I bet!
3 30 in the mornin and i'm up smokin a blunt....in Alabama.
Getting ready to start #CCDay with NBCUniversal and Comcast at Lankershim Elem. in North Hollywood!
I can't get home fast enough to take a nap.
you are so perfect I just want to cry
Listening to talk about chaos and creative destruction
Unfortunately we don't as of yet!
No problem! We look forward to our feature!
SHE SAID I LOVE YOU BOY I LOVE YOU SO
SWAG- She Wants A Gentlemen
Honestly, I can't think of any feminist issues around the wedding. Lots of dress/body image stuff, though.
APRIL 6, Keythings Ent. Present ladies Night out Concert. W/ - KC n JOJO - Next -Horace Brown - Tickets on sale @
Happy Babies Diaper Bank's first delivery of diaper's will be tomorrow at 2 pm to St. Stephens Community Center.
Yes lee RT : is Bryce Harper from Vegas?
I need a massage.
Gym stationary bike...trying to get my mind right! Nerves are shot today.
thanks for the follow :)
Dear hoodies, thank you for always being there for me. Sincerely, I'm sexy and I know it, I'm just way too tired to show it.
How did your nutrition weather the storm? Read more on my blog at: www:eating4achieving.com.
pretty well!!! Went to the city earlier and now I'm relaxing while eating a gyros fries and cheese sticks!!! :)
Lord, be with me while I take my STARR test and please hold my Dad's hand as he undergoes surgery.
ohh snap i hope i didn't miss anyone's text
I can think of several more. Kind of like that Paul Simon song about ways to leave your lover. ;>
": #Scorpio #20ThingsAboutMe #1 I am choosey when it comes to love and friendships"
For real, say that. You're better off just getting a license forget about the ID.
I look up to Kanye West. Always will, hes an egotistical genius and owns the confidence of a demi-god. Fuck you, hes number one.
I love running into random friends at the airport at 5:30 AM!
I never would have thought I would hear a line like, "gay money is replacing Wall Street money."
Another 1 gone too soon. The funeral of Akkad Wynn will be this morning at 11. May he R.I.P. My prayers are with the family. We will miss hi
The #mcn2011 #greatdebate is on the proposition: there are too many museums. Initial vote: 65-35 or so against.
#youknowlifeisgoodwhen... you know life is good is trending. #Atheist #Muslim #Christian #Jew and
Damn that was all Penner!
you got a ticket?
What are the major recent movies in indie Seattle cinema I need to see?
I think the smell of rain has to be one of the best smells ever! 
downside, spending their college fund on chicharrones, but hell they will prolly end up being chefs anyway
In school and reweeting statuses... Thats when you know im bored
All have to do is what I can do and He said He will do what I can't!!!
The bread will look up and shout "Toast me!"... and I'll look down and whisper "No."
I wouldn't have a problem with a #robotprostitute... seems like a problem solver.lol
An EP is an extended play, usually something around 4-7 songs. Like half an album sort of!
#BirthAnnouncement Welcome to the world Baby McGregor!
lol... sounds about right!
Private classes available, low prices, compare and save @ http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
It's 3:02PM EST, do you know where your children are?
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia. ~E.L. Doctorow
We're doing it again this afternoon... performs The Beatles, 2PM at the Moore Theatre
Where is lol
itz fuckd up how ppl dnt realize how good of a person u is an shyt until u off dis earth
Ha. Nice. " Greatest one-liner ever, but one that only & may remember.”
hope you followed me back pls..
Ha, I'm pretty picky too.
RT : Food industry used framing to prevent regulation of food advertising. responded w/"We're not buyin...
ZOMG is the same as OMG
It was a fun day! See you tonight at the Bet on the Pearl event?
Happy Mothers Day!!
it isn't latent, she showers with knickers on!
(if you CAN help out with a charger and happen to be free at 5:15, please come to 204A/B--thanks much!!)
Can't sleep.
you was smoochin with my brother ;)
RT : Shout out to New World Symphony. Truly an amazing venue and outdoor space unique in
happy mothers day
New Radiohead Saturday!!!! New Radiohead Saturday!!!!! New Radiohead Saturday!!! New Radiohead Saturday....YES!!!!YES!!!YES!!!!
Here we go Bubba!
DBSA offers information on depression and bipolar disorder as well as listings to patient support groups.www.dbsalliance.org
Not a chance. He needs The Result Octagon
New Assembly Committee spotlights promising solutions 4 young men of color and the state. Follow for news
Happy Earth Day, friends! Take a moment to think of your impact on mother earth - we only have one!
RIP Dick Clark
I don't care what you think about me, i don't think about you at all
yes, it's happening. We are quoting and beating co's like Geico and Progressive!! Easy sell when you add the value of an agent.
please. It's not a narrative. She's dumb. Along with several of her counterparts on the other side.
If U are with the #wiunion cause twitter is the way to to go.
about to shower & dress ..
But just how many speeches go into overtime?
The best places to pickup women : everywhere but the bar/club
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL s new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!
Festival International Lafayette ,La UPC we out hea!!!!
Getting any skiing in?
I am experiencing vicarious tragedy! RT Dead Milkmen tix sold out! Lesson learned. Imma go cry now.
Good life<3
Thanks:) and thanks for the follow.
Can this new Grand Theft Auto come out now!?
Yall better be ready for TONIGHT...Keith Sweat & Montell Jordan at Sunset Station & then headed to BAR 11 to get CRAZY!
What a waste of breath, this coward no talent auto-tuning cause he cannot sing
ISS astronauts (in Q&A interviews) say "Planet Earth," (no definite article, but emphasizing PLANET) and "Space Station" (no "the," just is)
And soon I will have sushi! have a lovely weekend, friends.
We appreciate the follow! We hope designers will keep the Audio/Visual design aesthetic in mind when creating spaces.
Bare with us, everyone. I know you think Broken Glass has been snoozin but we'll be making some big announcements very soon!!
Lol I'm gone it don't take but one time 😂😂
Do the suits come with an excessive amount of pleats? Sweet!
airing an 8-11 marathon of the ORIGINAL #HardKnocks, starring the 2001
A correction to a recent update: TALISMAN YOU'RE friends you want to be part of Untoward's twitter army.
OFFICIAL HU Graduation party is at #ClubIbizaDC tonite. Congrats!! Saturday night Hookup :: 21+ Free all night :: will pop off
: Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
Sounds good. Thanks.
Thanks U Soo Much! I appreciate all ur support :) And :)
Today's #9RoundMinute is going to be brutal, but it's the best way we know how to send off 2011. Coming up at noon!
thanks, my cousin is loving this!
did you go to soslam?
It says something when heads from your home town/state stop fucking with you.
OH: "It's like this ritual in France. It might be outlawed now."
#Esri license renewal time!
Twitter can be like talking to crazy homeless people through protective glass.
just follow people on the other side of the world...fun boozy foreign tweets!
I'm not home--is the debate that bad? I'm probably missing out on drinking aren't I?
Save me! And make me feel alive!!
look ahear it aint my fault u cant read
Listening with ones entire body is a special present moment awareness practice. We learn so much when we really listen
Just watched the best video EVER....my life is now complete
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. Deuteronomy 6:5
Improving Pirate Metrics with Product Design with from Boomerang!
BT Elder Law attorney Janet Morris served as keynote speaker at the Taiwanese American Lawyers Association’s Annual Law Day.
Are you serious??? Really!!!
March 9th! Rap music changed for the worst. RIP
#pghPC Don't forget to register for our event on September 14 with
“: Both and pick to make it to #ZouOrleans. #Mizzou”
SMi is not a tout service, we attach importance to value not volume.
SO DID I!! You shoulda tweeted me! We could have gone together! ;D
yeah i love making them..i love film
ok great and I won't. And ok I'll ask her tomorrow. Good luck with the video making Canadian friend!!
Does Lady gaga celebrate Halloween?
RT People always wonder why I'm happy all the time. UM do you want me to be sad or? I don't know dawg.
wow, I am SUPER DUPER IMPRESSED with the new CFA LOGO. I find myself INSPIRED TO BE A BETTER MAN.
thanks C!
I think it has a very good chance!
Thx to student designer for helping to brand the Crowley social media pages. Much better!
I want to go home. Soon only 4 more hours. So sleepy!
haha great minds think alike :)
Oh daddy
#Ladies #WOA...if ur coming to bed with ur hair wrapped at least have on something sexy. #ImJustSayin Thanks!! -Management 📝
c u on foursquare
Follow your heart with whatever you do in life and you will know you're on the right path.
Thanks for checking it out! Its a shot I took when I had lunch #with Lisa a few weeks ago :)
When you miss that one person.
na.. I liked her better when she was serving that #ModelAnorexiaRealness lol when are u free this week??
In exchange for The Walking Dead TV time I am now watching GCB
that's a proposition I would vote for.
forgot the joy of wading through irigaray and beauvoir.
#sljsummit10 Don Leu no state in USA measures students' ability to read search engine results
Greetings on the Church New Year!
First topic of the day: the Enola Gay and the bombing of Hirosima
app columns lock up to prevent scroll/update, plus no sync bt mobile app and web app! Really? Novelty at this pt far from useable
I want to try this damn Dr. Scholls machine. I wanna know my foot pressure number.
Planning my birthday WOD. I smell Burpees!
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 9
Thx 4 recommending I'd been using Apple's #iDisk, but it still has issues with not syncing properly. Hoping for best!
about to body my breakfast, that my mother was so kind to make, and then kill on Goldeneye.
Thanks for following me Ben!
Come on Sun!
thx for letting me know you are home safely. And, my genuine pleasure meeting YOU!!
2.5 hours on telephone hold and still no representative
They smile in your face then turn on you!!!
I feel that
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
This school is going to burn down!
April was a great month of progress for bfest planning. I'm looking forward to finalizing plans by the end of may and releasing info June 4!
New oil pump, new oil pan gasket, but no oil pressure. Wtf, don't think I did anything wrong...
had no idea they were archiving this RT : Hoffman: Most terrorist websites password protected. Major barrier for archivists.
you and my husband are both excited! #worldseries have fun watching the game
#FF If she gets 5000 followers by 2/1/12, she'll let us see the deleted scene between Mara and Noah! *squeals* Get on it!
#NW One Day , This movie is so sad :'(
R.U.H A.Y.H!! IF U DONT WAT DAT MEAN IT SOMETHING FUNNY...
i hope today is a chill day cuz its starting off like that :)
OHMYGOD. JASON'S COMING HOME SOON. AH. c:
Theres always people that cant see the good side in all these stupid riots lol -.-
Happy birthday from Pedro and Poncho and me. Pew! Pew!
didn't realize you were a Lebron fan bro!
Headed out to show my farm listing. It is such a good buy! They are practically giving away the farm!
Off to n.c this week
Melzer and Mathieu advance at Monte Carlo MONACO (AP)—Jurgen Melzer of Austria and Paul-Henri Mathieu of France both won in straight se
After you ROCK OUT at WINTER JAM tonight, wake up in the morning and join us for PRAYER 10AM in The Garage!
Ugh, please less Ellis on
Watching Children of the Corn on the train this morning before work. BART is my second home.
We will give the first new announcement tomorrow! Exciting things to come from us in 2011!
Oh no.. based on what you said, it sounds like it's in the later stages.. is it? I'm so sorry :( :( :( :(
a place to fell better about yourself!
My account is un suspended :)
We're getting geared up for the #RW24 race this weekend...thinking we have a pretty solid team this year!
I really need to catch up on #IJustWantMyPantsBack I l❤ve this show!
Talkin all draft today
..had a friend, B.J Sund..caught apparently, in Katrina..so didn't seem to understand what ever happen to his wife and set of twins..
Saw your spot on MLB Network last night. It was great. Well done. Enjoy the games this weekend
I love Mad Men, yet I can't place my finger on why.
Motorcycles. Everywhere. Steel Ponies opens at the Eiteljorg in 27.5 hours. Get your motor runnin'!
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. - William Shakespeare
I'm cooking and everyone else is resting or sleeping. Therefore I'm drinking.
Rachel Maddow nailed it last night when she compared Republican law makers and the debt ceiling to kids putting metal in the microwave..."He
USDA On The Hunt For Offspring Of BSE-infected Cow
That can't be good.
do it like a brother, do it like a dude
Im so excited I can't even sleep! RT : Dr. Oz is coming on Friday to talk with Jay Towers in the Morning!
Stop playin, I’m fresher than a Degree stick.
hold on, ima look now
I really cant wait for ur album! Iv been supporting u since 2008 (yes before victorious) and u have come so far i love u so much 
Good Morning everyone Have a Great Blessed Friday!
OMG REMEMBER ME GIRL? we used to talk:D haha thank you :)
LOL : Alex Rios with a nice tribute to Juan Pierre there.
You're in luck!!!!
This is perfect nap weather 💤
And friends too, oh yeah, I have the best of them too
Loving this weather.
i can't remember too many others, outside of Cutch's 2 last year & the Rob Mackowiak walk off Grand Slam against the Cubs
Today is EARTH DAY! Come in today and receive 20% off if your FroYo contains the colors blue, green, and brown.
On the hunt for a fabulous wine rack. Any suggestions?
In class not feeling no movie right
Why can't I be happy?
you are one of my favorite characters on TWD! You looked beautiful on talking dead tonight! ;)
Verizon magic
Chapala for dinner!! :)
My new earphones are the best.
Wild blueberry scones in the oven, and Ethiopian Harrar coffee percolating. Time to get my breakfast on.
Lol always :) let's have more adventures! RT : It's always an adventure with !!
Gods gift of knowledge and understanding of the body is not limited to healthcare professionals:
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets and sharing how we each make a positive impact in the lives of others.
When someone tells u about theyr problems, it dosnt always mean theyr complaning, it means they trust u
Me tittzz are like pepperoni :3.
Lol, my bad bro!
Mon: CD Review. Wednes: The Beauty and the Beast of Summer. Fri: ??? Stay tuned....
I've been reading blogs, finally. You guys have such good words
Thank You - Ditto! I Thank God for our friendship - we were right where we were supposed to be.
Post lots of pictures for your listings! Lack of picture(s) is a turnoff for buyers
The team expands beyond measuring!
Goodnight everyone have a nice night i know i did!XD
Thanks for the follow - we'd love to play a show for you sometime!
#imagine you and Liam in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring. L: i love you *kisses you*
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 49
Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight hmu for tix
Double O_o RT And she had a TWA! She said she seen me in YT. O_o
From the Lillian Schwartz to the Jo Dery films, so much good abstract music/sounds
do you prefer hypertext and electronic literature OR hypertext and literature? How about hypertext and new media?
Dined at Piccolo tonight. Bourdain was not exaggerating. I am totally feeling the Doug Flicker love tonight.
Looking at the Mets roster rite now do you think we he a shot at the wildcard?
ehh your truck is enough for me:)
you should really try to get more out of your day! :)
FYI, #AAS3rdCentury RT : DeLucia's work is genius. She has a great article in the recent JAH.
RT : *big money big money big money*!
How does it take many dyslexics to change a lightbulb?
#replacerihannasongswithCAKE "go on and CAKE a bow"
Considering how much labor could be saved just by getting rid of money, I don't get why we can't put our mistrust aside to accomplish it.
ran into Frank Ritz at Holiday Valley yesterday. Great to see him. Sad he's gone from the Cleve, but glad he's still with you.
Sounds good!
a wedding is also a soup
Living the high life with at the bucco game
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation! We thought your were looking sexier!!
Is there any minimum age for registering a copyright in the US? I have a 16 yr old student asking.
thats your cue to tweet a pic of it havesnt seen it
boom strike!
That's fine. Still better than "Thin Red Line" Army Men. All they do is recite poetry. And they won't shut up.
See prior two tweets: interesting how the world trends...
:I wanna check out the movie the assault but there are two. Do u know what year it came out in?Thx
What goes on with Internet speeds in Kansas City (locals need to know)?
Increase your security while on facebook - use https:// instead of http:// Keep in mind it will disable certain features, such as chat.
you at the game?
with power....until you get the holy ghost....until you embrace conviction and standard...and your testimony
Best of luck to those running the Lincoln 10k today. Including a BH team, Team Andrew & Co. and Kerry Hall amongst the participants.
Noldy's Ashy ass knuckles
Who thinks Roger Sterling's going to hook up with Megan's mother tonight?
FLOP is written all over the poster!!
Top #marchmadness visual? Draymont Green literally mopping the floor.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut. ~Channing Pollock
Mom thinks it's weird i'm eating pancakes for dessert. Told her I don't conform to eating them solely as a breakfast food.
Ok. Twitter. You win.
Bout to fuck the shit out of my girl
Had a blast in Baltimore. Thanks to those that checked out my mixing demo at the #bmorebookfest!
I know...lolol,bring it tomorrow!
HELL YEAH
What is it about the late night that I find so appealing?
They sell it in Indiana. My kids love it.
yo u said u wanted some more food right
Thanks ! RT: You have one of the best facilities in Chicago. Daughter and I visit from far west burbs as much as possible.
ARE THY STILL HIRING?
I wish I liked milk.
my tongue is still kinda blue.
I appreciate update and admire the speedy reply, but they've been working on this plane since 8am and move dep time every 20 mins
If u shop at use the rep code "dope187" to get 20% off and free shipping
Considering attending
enjoying my birthday. gonna go volunteer at the library, cos that's how I roll.
and for Yanks.....that is a deal breaker!
I HAD TO BOOT A CONCEPT AND CREATE A NEW ...DAMN
Holy nervous excitement batman! #ToughMudder is only hours away...I should go to sleep...but HOW?!
stay away from that Wal-Mart & drive a little further to Porter Ranch Wal-Mart...much nicer :)
I do lol!!
Marijuana prohibition is over!
Thanks for helping out yesterday, Patrick!
"Someone said true love was dead and I'm bound to fall, bound to fall for you."
People think it's holding on that makes you stronger, but sometimes, it's letting go that shapes you..
oy vey! But many thanks for the help!
Wowzers! That's one zippy postman/woman!
Don't forget to stop by OKC Russell's the Stars will be performing tonight!
That's it for our conversation tonight, folks! Thanks for following along!
Touchdown ! Woof Woof!
this song is amazing. ~
He's shutdown guy,and keeps Black Mamba from having to use himself up D'ing up but hey,gl
did angel really.... pass away?! ='( I'm soo sorry
haha! Yeah is great late night for food for late night peeps like me!
Thanks! No Smartboard, but I think we found some good Web 2.0 resources. I'll tweet them out!
no i missed you :(
cool to see you out there saturday night. I told a few girls that I was your coach. They were impressed. I hope you don't mind.
I want something but he doesn't want me to:/ im glad he's looking out for me but it's like...idk:/
Yes! RT : Frugal is reusing saran wrap. Cheap is buying generic plastic wrap, the stuff that doesn't work.
Conversation in my family is like an Aaron Sorkin movie with rabid, rabid ADD.
Do any college wide outs catch the ball with their hands anymore... Every ball caught is with the forearm.
I hope so too. I've seen 2 acoustic shows and 1 live performance
thank you Abigail!
As for bdubs i'm saving that for Brit & Lauren again lol
We'll be in Lafayette with my parents or we would. Thanks for the invite!
My brother says im just like jade from victorious(x
get weird!
yep mine too! Nothing can be better than Victoria :{)
And just like that, my days with the are over.
Baby are you down?
Does anybody know how to get blood out from under your fingernails? Also, it was like this when I got here.
We heart you too!!! Haha. Have a happy cinco de mayo!!!
So tomorrow afternoon I get to drive home from Louisville, KY. Sounds like it's going to be a fun tornado filled ride down I-65.
My HS is playing an alumni football game to help raise $ for the Chardon victims. Wonder if I can take the FOX chopper to get there?
no words. Sad no matter what at this week!!!!!:( What pose girl.
OOMF HAD ME CRUSHING SO HARD ON HIM!! BUT HE KEPT LYING SO I FEEL OUTTA LUST!
Mom: "There's an app for your iPhone that locates it when it's misplaced...Please get that app." My mom knows me way too well.
Lets just hope I'll get over you.
A women who cookes clean committed thats the C's i like
Thanks for hearing our feedback on advanced search capacity. It would be nice to have that back.
I didn't know wrote :I look to u for Whitney..he such a talent
Excellent! Glad to hear, hope to see you and the kids!
And Zactly! : EXACTLY!!! : Conservatives want less government for same reason robbers want fewer cops. via
Round 3 begins tonight. Predictions: Los Angeles in 6, New Jersey in 7.
Drink Specials are the $3 Miller Lite Big Beers & $3 Absolut *You Call It! Add Monster or Juice
Inventors, Computer KIA's: if people WWW search 2 see if something has been invented yet, can the webmaster/comp produce or sell the idea?
Relaxing is harder than it looks.
I once wrote a poem about a swimming pool. It was so deep.
For every great success story, there is a list of failures along the way
The Geisha Room, Austin Tx.... Tonight.
taking care of buses for Kuvia is more of a pain in the ass than I originally thought. i just want to go back to ignoring this mess :(
One major different in Cotto's entourage. No girly boys.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Love you seester!!!
attempting to sleep;
Work the middle , work the middle ,work the middle , work the middle ..
Higgins -- qualifications of a critic - not just like movies but also know a little something about life.
I have to sign into youtube to watch that, since it's pervy or whatever. I don't have a youtube account.
I wanna go to sleep.
Love with snow sprawl. Mindstorm. Wondering: given writing's contact w/abstract algebra, what dangers in elegance as measure of composition?
Can't wait for this week! Not gonna miss 106&park at all! Can't wait 2 watch OMG GIRLZ & MINDLESS BEHAVIOR!!!!!!!!!
" nice pants" on the little one. :)
Mention the Padres, Dodgers, or Angels today for an $8 64oz growler refill.
Congrats on graduation today! :D
You seriously disgust me
Also, I view the purpose of twitter is to butt in.
This game isn't over.
New designs on the works...
Wow this season finale is really god!!! 👍
Fair enough. Glad you got the work and you are a good read. Regret that JM wasn't so open when he was on the public/elected payroll.
it was AWESOME! im gonna have to try really hard not go again too soon since i dont have that kind of mullah
Could you please please please please please please please please please please please please follow me, or RT this.. Please..
I love so much. <3
Wow, 28 followers. Go big or go home.
Crying yourself to sleep at night because you know there's nothing you can do anymore <<<
I'm going strict on this diet .
Thank you Anderson for keeping this on people's minds.
As well as Eyre, Neshek, Villareal, Paulino, Tolleson. So much depends on how the big league pitching situation shakes out.
I said before it started that this wasn't a big game but it was definitely a big win
I love seeing old people holding hands, it's so cute. It proves that love does last. :)
lol. Dude I will. q: You need to try one with this Chile stuff I have.. it explodes your taste buds. (:
no problem - and thank you for the compliment :)
I am convinced that when someone has a physical or verbal fight with someone that they do not have it together...pause on the associate.
Victim made a call saying Hernandez, her boyfriend, "took control of the car."
This weekend I was part of a wrestling match, called roller derby, and played an anti-Scott Walker show. Life is a dashing, bold aventure.
": A Bully is someone who just hasn't picked the right guy yet!" - Preach it Hot Rod!
Sorry TweetFriends... :( I can't follow people any more.. Off the limits! -__-
Sometimes I think this job is best done with a partner to slap sense into me. Me: "haven't worn this top in 2yrs, but I'll keep it..." NO
The only thing that can save the city of Baltimore is if HBO bring back The Wire #ravens disaster in New England
Im just not feeling it right now. I need a friend and a hug with ice cream. A prayer would be nice as well
Heading out with Social Media Caddies to reward fans for connecting with the tournament on social.
Super excited to see sing the National Anthem to night when the
the d-league dunk contest didn't compare to k-dobbs dunks in the amature dunk contest
our merch?! That would be awesome of you. Whens your birthday?
maybe go back to your normal color, but with purple streaks?
To celebrate #AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC & , we are asking another trivia question at 3pm today. Stay tuned to win tix.
is looking for the best way to embed video on a wordpress site. Any ideas?
Pardon: promiscuous osculation. The jokes get stranger by the minute.
4 hours to go! If you can't make it tonight you can catch the action on 1620AM or 1620thezone.com Go #nighthawks! #Derailthelocos!
Thanks Laura : )
that video just made my day.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. - I didn't write this, but I wish I did.
I didn't even bother photagging the doubles. Thanks - I have a thing for running shoes :)
you have some nice pieces!
Another great outing by Mark Buehrle. Hopefully the pen can nail it down for him. (via )
: I'm afraid so.
RT Happy 107th birthday ! Doing great work across the globe for over a century.
isnt putting out?
hey man school today hey add me
I thought someday I would love being all caught up at work. I was WAY wrong. Go figure...
ah mercury still in muddling sign of the fish. got your elixir! it is WONDERFUL! thank you & best of luck in your scribblings.
Mike Mayock: "Brandon Boykin to me is a football player." Everyone else: "He is a football player to us, too. Mike Mayock is an imbecile."
2.8m on dinner break thanks for all the encouragement. 8 left and we enter the thunderdome at 7
Watching a girl on her old white #MacBook and actually feel sorry for her.
#Thatawkwardmoment the asshole friend who needed a ride turns off his phone after your other friend woke up @ 230am willing to help him out.
I don't trip about 1st time prom girls b/c most of them I plan on being late...and it always happens but still, am I missing something?
Man you're so quiet on-air now, did ESPN yell at you for being opinionated?
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW YOU BACK PLEASE I NEED HELP #I`LLFOLLOWBACK
much appreciated
We're #CommercialFree in 5 minutes... that means NO spots and FREE tix to the soldout Flo+TheMachine show this Sat
True true
what else is new?
I don't care about your prize...so i've an even better idea EADIAF.
Some Congress Democrats Split With Obama on Gay Marriage - Bloomberg
., how about making former Sun 's one-handed grab of a ground rule double at #DbacksGiants a #ScTop10? ~ Sincerely, Phoenix
No way! :P She sent that to me:) But i didnt want it so it got sent to you xD lmao
Once again President Obama LEADS while Mitt Romney just goes around in circles.
Just came back from the grocery and can't believe what I saw...They even have a milk specially geared to the top 1%.
Good job Mavs
Ignorance is Fear's favorite dish.
thanks! I would love to see it. They are a slowly fading bit of Americana.
The other side
The rant was a classic.
don't send me a text talkin about some BS Ily shit that u send a different girl on the same damn day.
My credit card got charge (temp. authorization) good luck!
New song from The Shins so much doesn't suck that I had to Shazam it to verify it was them.
the skinny blue fox jumped past the boring dog.
George Kuchar is gone? Crap!
I'll be starting the DQ Blizzard diet in about 6 weeks.
Fuzzy dice, bandana, baby shoes.": Name 6 Things people hang from their rear view mirror. #familyfeud ! Good Luck !"
'Story So Far' the name of One Direction's new book, out on September 1st.
Oh, that's so clever! Would be hilarious--do it!
Sweet Victory Mariners! It feels good to see this team deliver when it looked bleak.
Synders Nuggets, FTW! ": Pretzels are salty, regardless. But Rold Gold packs in 2X more sodium than its competitors!"
The most recent episode?
Friday, where you at?
Happy 5th birthday to Twitter!
Never try to school a person that grew up in the 80's...they rode bikes without helmets!
Any idea which ad companies involved?
So, declined two of our videos, said we didn't have rights to our own work... hhmmm
My God the thought of that lineup makes me weep openly...Barney & Soriano main culprits
yeah, she's cool!
Happy #WorldWaterDay make a difference, give up your bday & support in bringing clean drinking water to the world
For the good of metal!
BTW, when am I going to be able to buy The Istanbul Puzzle in the US?
On the road again! Bubye Columbus, Michael, & Brittany! Hello Dayton for Paige's grad #party! 🎉🎓
u know it super loud
Tim Wakefield should hit 200 and home anyway! :)
Did you know, Christmas is one of the most popular days to get #engaged? Congrats to those who said "YES!" this weekend!!!
haha you too my friend!!
i'd say a tour
In desperate need of a time machine.
I'm always stretching myself way too thin
1 in 10 impacted by unemployment. That isn't Silicon Valley.
ha! we wish we were that highbrow.
Come to Cream Stereo Lounge n catch us live on the decks at 12:30am
I can't wait to see u on stage in a few! xD I Love u guys! <3
Don't miss this great event with YA YA Boom and TYS
WHY ARE YOU STARTING TO COPY PEOPLE. MILK EVEN USED THAT ONE I THINK
T-Minus 6 days til Jameson shots and Irish car bombs until they're all gone.
: reason 4 steep decline in network viewers has 2 do with way networks now parcel out episodes of their more popular offerings. AMEN
I'm now helping out with media for , a fantastic environmental org!
R.E.A.L- Remember Everyone Ain't Loyal!
Inching closer and closer to setting a date...who knew this would be the most difficult part?
thanks dude!
Kids Are Worth It! Conference Advisory Commitee will soon begin to idenfify workshops & presenters. Have Ideas? Email us
And their skin color had NOTHING to do with the characters or THE PLOT so it shouldn't have mattered anyway! Oy. #whypplsostupid?
Im only gonna be nice because what comes around goes around
"That, right there, is a proper 18-year-old, someone who probably knows how to draw an excellent dick on a grease board.
Why is kyles new avi not showing on my IPhone? #JankIphoneThatTonySoldMeFor20Dollars&2PoloShirtsThatHeForgotProbzzz
"Tell me off for a fee"
really?! haha i'll have to investigate this.
I oversee the HIM department at both jails in denver.
Off to go see Dark Shadows.
God I wish I could smack this girl . I don't need my mommy to protect me oh wait my mom never has I've been sticking up for myself since I
Who wants a $50 gift certificate?
usually wear my panties underneth pantyhose now as mistress susan insists
hey there how are you?!
Happy birthday, Megsters! Love and miss you, friend. ...P.S. I miss how we use to celebrate our May b-days ;)
Banned to a coffee shop (not the Amsterdam kind ;p) learning lines for #wiwo rehearsals. Oh, the fun of not having a house...
Thanks to everyone that came out to the show last night! It was so much fun! Thanks to Brandi for making us an amazing cake!
How did I not know about this site before!????!?!?!?!?!
I just thought you were being clever. Hear... earworm.
She tryna blow my high... Not tonight... Delete delete delete!!
Hunny when you getting money you dont have a care
": Happy New Year Gorgeous! Here's to all dreams coming true!
When niggas mumble shit & dont speak up oh scary ass
300 Followers! Thanks to Everyone Who Follows! Weather You Support Gracie, Nat&Alex or Ari, Thanks So Much! (: xx
As we sleep, our eyes enjoy continuous lubrication. Also during sleep the eyes clear out irritants such as dust and allergens.
. False and truly ridiculous. Your tweets, on the other hand, are reasoning crime on a small scale.
We are in dire need of baby blankets for cribs. To donate call our office (305) 637-6711. Thank you! Please RT!
#Huguely lawyer: "George didn't kill her but he contributed to her death".
Our next show is February 23rd at HENNESY's AT FANEUIL HALL!!!! BE THERE!!!
Still not ready for bed
Have a great day everyone! Check back later. :)
interesting story. Thanks for sharing!
Do you have a list of what was cancelled?
I haven't used one for domestic travel in years. I have used one for international travel.
Or actually I love money
Beautiful here too! Good luck! :)
The hotel I stayed at in Cincinnati had a big "no firearms" sign on the entrance. They do have good ice cream though.
Cann a Bitchh get a Break?
I'd love to see info confirming existing #openaccess publishers can handle the volume and meet ever new requirements. Would be nice
Why are Sunday nights so fucking boring?
any pictures of the FB event we can use on the NPR blog The Two-Way?
Gotta face Estrada, Gallardo and Greinke. Then again, they also face #Brewers offense.
Proud Day!
Electric violinist? Check. Wine & beer? Check. Gr8 contemporary art? Check. Almost time for closing reception tonight, 6-8pm. Come join us!
Is that Director Scott Compton I see?
Any chance you can meet at 8:45 before the presentation? Grand Sonoran J-K
I'm in Vancouver: Obviously in town to be a guest on
Don't let what you can't do stop you from what you can do. ~John Wooden
#askjosh Josh, you skyped me one time but then hung up...i was wondering why?
what's up man, you run LA all the way from Miami... Nice stuff
#FF my homie and the collab , wrapping up an epic 2 months working together in
Is your son enjoying Missoula? Prbly don't want to hear this from me but I had a lot of fun in that town. =)
thanks for the info, can't wait to see what this is all about. I'll be sure to check my email Bill, thanks!
This week's concert... Arctic Monkeys opening for The Black Keys at the KeyArena.
Race for the cure!!!! Denver, CO 10/02/11 TEAM BOOBYLICIOUS BABES!!!! Please register under our team!! Support is much appreciated!!! Xoxoxo
and I'll make sure it's a perfect fake prom
UGH! Can't sleep
Okay enough taunting for tonight. Lots to get done!
Someone come make me breakfast
Tell that bitch, hop up on my dick, rolled up on her quick In a six told her suck the dick, motorboat her tits.
BACK ON BABE FUCK THE LEACKS AND FUCK THEM HATERS!x
Knowledge is knowing that tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in your Biryani. Ahem, Sindhis & Memons...
The internet is also very strong right now... Me gusta. ;)
I'll be working in the communications dept. so excited to work there!!
Why are so many countries testing missles? Seems more frequent lately.
A Walk To Remember ❤
#BetterWithChicago I don't want to spend my Friday doing ANYTHING but jamming to my idols<4
Im a give it to you al night long.
Mobile twitter is great.
Cant stop listening to Big Sean Ft Nicki Minaj - Dance(A$$)!!!!!
: I'll buy the 1st round
So true! "Entrepreneurship is an irrational pursuit."
enough of u miss teen maine
Good job
Congratulations to your graduates!
I love my unions they make everything so easy for me
how about taking Blatche and Mcgee? it's a no brainer, and exactly what we need.
I'm glad they found a place, but the fact that the restaurants around there pushed them out is so lame. Get a competitive offering!
WWW.HELPINGHANDSINDIANA.COM
Louisiana is Texas mixed withh California
someone in our office makes Sumatra every Monday. Makes it a little easier to not hate the fact that it's Monday.
Thanks Christy!
congrats man!
seven murders reported in Grand Rapids, MI we're monitoring the situation. Suspect believed to be holed up in a home possibly with a hostage
there's a new starbucks logo?
My birthday is this Sunday. Any suggestions?
Stay tuned for live pics of tomorrows opening night festivities at Hennesseys in Boston 9pm. Crazy #beerpong action to come!
It takes CHARACTER to play hard when ur tired&not sure what it takes2 play when ur tired. Something short of character.
Not a bad idea. I will look into it.
What a fun day of football!
Indeed, time is the factor here. I may figure out a way to fit it in, or maybe have a coding party at GLS!
Walking out of OPACY and the usher just said to us: "good morning". Not good enough.
Oh well
LOL...luckily neither is the case.
I just absolutely loved the recipes that made on the Today show, earlier(: amazing taste(:
it does that from time to time is supposed to come watch but he's on some lame shit
Layers are so fashionable. The Big Mac has layers of sear-sizzled 100% pure beef & melty cheese. Fashion never tasted so good.
Diana what happened?
Ew nasty trend ever.
wait what do u mean?
Headed to the track tonight. Can you recommend a Plan B if I need to work up to Cardio Sizzler?
You too Handsome! Hope you have a great one!!!!
You Kant be loved, if you don't love yourself!! Stop asking people to do something you're incapable of doing yourself!!
A hazy Monday for me...dental work, bo
so, i have added a bunch of people to follow. going to step back and see what happens and think about things. will check in later.
New action plan: whenever in articulately upset, tweet "motherpussbucket!" until vague feeling of normalcy returns.
I'm sure there's a good historical explanation for why Astoria isn't a major west-coast city, but I sure don't know it.
"Fish discover water last!" - French Proverb
My home state is apparently AIDS, which I'm kind of baffled by.
Kim Jong Il loved American cinema so much that he thought it'd be fun to reenact Tommy Boy with his son.
lol maybe xD I'll check/look for them over the week end xD
What kinda crowd ? RT : soundbar, the shrine, privet....
what's up wizard?
« Damn mayweather need to get off the ropes»
My stupid foot problems have cost me a fortune. I just bought ANOTHER new pair of shoes to help recover. Nearly a grand down.
Thanks guys!
i love you too hunny <33 ": I LOVE <33"
who am i gonna hit now? lol
There's a conference in NY this year. Great place to learn more and to network.
Everytime I look in the fridge there's Indian food. Fuck that im going to taco bell now!
This hoe said she was gunna hit me! Haa! Hit me bitch & see what happens!
This extra day in February is perfect! Lots of sunshine and warmth! Happy Leap Day
Finally off wrk.
Listening to some #FleetWoodMac makes my day better.
I know!!!!! I didn't have to wait :D
Just got a load of yarn and fabric dropped on my doorstep. Thanks, kind friends that think of me when they purge.
When a bitch becomes good, evil is in progress ...
RT : Nuts-just nuts": GOP Sen De Kruif offers "Right to Work" amendment at new #Vikings stadium. #mnleg"
aw thats what i thought! bum ass
The legend grows... And provides inspiration for the Dunc Tank
ugghhh twitter was live but noww wa wa waaaaahhhh :( soo good bye
watch every game tomorrow with me yes? Skip class with a fever
Bc thats what I heard on the radio I think
rotation of less than three.
Hoping for 3 big soccer wins tomorrow! My two dots plus the Timbers!
Nice! RT Hey you! Yes you. It's Happy Hour at Ella. Get half off your G & T's and all other list handcrafted cocktails.
Don't let the geese bite xD ;)
Is Jessica Chastain trying to take the redhead role in Lari's Angels? Your move, Amy Adams
Just had the best time vocal coaching Kaylyn's daughter Kathryn for her audition for Footloose tomorrow. OMG she is adorable.
I am going to try that right now. Do they realize how few people use QR codes?
I hate girls that wear make up caked on their face shit is just not a gd look. Makes the best lookin bitch look so Damn ugly
where and what is this?
All this talk about being real , fake ,hoes and good girls. Like stfu ! Just do you stop being a fucken story teller. Being all dramatic.
Too many moving parts. Part of beauty of small sided games is more attention from coach.
Thanks for the #FOLLOW and
Un-Freaking-Believable!
Great seeing you last night...good feedback about the game.
Because ... no, actually, I can't help you there.
Which #BeastieBoys songs do you guys want on tomorrow's playlists, friends?
There are so many locks, &&not enough keys to open those locks
aw how cute :)
greatest facts I have ever read
At first, I got jealous. But then I realized, she's ugly.
Fuck man, I did not want to fall asleep. Now i'm going to be up all night....Smh
Artist come get your next music production done with #Unlevel DM or email for rates. We offer Mixing and Mastering Available..
The driver was just trying to give you some extra practice on busting through the defensive gaps. Next time try a spin.
I hope the drive home is better than the running around at lunch!
no, I didn't! Hope its better today! :(
The best way to kick off break is getting back a test and getting a 95. Spring break leggo
U think I real cuz u gotta pistol homie. Look pussy to me
"Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity."...
Specials Jan. 19-25....Chap Chae, Korean Rice Bowl
Thanks for following. Excited to share information with you!
...and it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Happy Friday.
no boo it's not raining over here yet :'(
I woke up with the Inspector Gadget theme song in my head.
You are most welcome :). It was a really, really good one.
A nigga just made it home and I gotta go to school hell nawl dat shyt aint fair a nigga tired as hell& it hurt when I walk cuz I been sitten
I been back for a year now chump
At ISP America: ubiquity equipment at 2.4 can use at 2.5. Finch says good money saver and big news
Dolis nowhere close to Izturis. Put the ball on a fucking tee.
Submitted my next to last graduate individual paper, AND THEN I HIT THAT DOUGIE
Thanks for fixing up the stats charts on our dashboard! Now if only AutoDJ can transition from track2track seamlessly...
No, haven't tried that. Actually, I wouldn't know where to start, much less know where to find a producer.
The tubes are clogged!
Oh that opera song brought tears to my eyes
Love it! I can't stop playing Wake Up! Y'all killed it on every track - incredible!!
But I don't think that's quite it; it's more like jazz
: Hilarious! I will try to get you your own notepad.
Old flames are never a good idea.
K.S.Rhoads: BEST ending of the day! #tedxnashville Definitely picking up his new record.
84 push ups, 99 squats, 239 crunches ...holy crap.
Haven't seen it. Now you have me curious.
... Purdue didn't help you do better handstands homie
#CityChase looks pretty awesome. Now...let the jokes fly freely. I'm ready.
There's no such thing as a "down ass bitch"
is about making public affairs reporting more efficient and modern, focused on accountability, methods and tools
Seeing the girls off to prom yesterday, just made me wanna relive that moment :)
its sad that he's gotten that bad but I think its sadder that the promoter actually used him in that condition
heey guys its ashley (:
I so wish I could go 2sleep WTF
That awkward moment when your girlfriends mom says she really liked her ex right infront of you...
you gotta show a little pink to make it in Hollywood. Haha
no doubt in my mind. I could name them al (:
RT Hey kids! Don't bother getting married, just find a woman you don't like and give her a house!
": The average man will spend a year of his life staring at women" GUESS I'M NOT AVERAGE
RT Sex ain't better than food
'Avengers' Surpasses $80 Million in North American Opening - Wall Street Journal
i made a pic look on my profile
This week has flown by
I was trying for about 20 seconds.. doesn't work! Lol
Time for one more moderately unappealing experience and then Denny's.
drake performance tonight can't waite
April Fools' Day is gone...don't confuse everybody!
Too funny! I've asked around, but nobody in my office has claimed it yet. =)
Have allergies? Spring in coming. Schedule an Appointment today.
The only man I need to be better than is the man I was yesterday. The only man I need to impress is the one in the mirror.
Yay! Those are the best! RT “: I wanna play drinkin games”
NO! stand by what you think.=)
If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament.
Why cant people just except u for the way u r.....mom..... >:(
Wow, that really is a very on-target photo of Steiner...
This vegan lasagna with zucchini, eggplant, portabella mushrooms and asparagus and homemade marinara sauce is so good.
Dude, Outlook is SO MUCH better. Microsoft is forrealz when it says that.
Eating #thinmints feels like brushing your teeth
Was Gala and was reminded again why I love honoree
RT : Live with faith that what is possible will become real through the loving effort and energy you give to it.
Yes, Evan. She was chief of staff for Superintendent Lorenzo Garcia.
lol....Chels! She actually did better this year!
Hopefully I get to use my nationals broom today, been led on all season
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Great Mustard Relish 4 / 5 Stars | 1 Review by henriksmom "An easy blend of pickles, onions, and your favorite m
Jayne Appel some big boards, a couple of baskets and even a steal down the stretch for the Silver Stars.
they back on melo dick
Dave did you work for Bull Taco in Cardiff, and Blanca in Solana Beach?
I would ask a prof. writer at what point do they feel comfortable sharing their work, and doing a table read?
I'm so touched by all the love demonstrated today. Let's keep working to eliminate hate and intolerance throughout the world.
yea like if you showin a lil bit but if you rippin off your clothes then yea you doin too much lol
Election Day today to fill open seat in LA City Council 15th District (Harbor to Watts), replacing U.S. Rep. Janice Hahn. Don't forget!
My toenail just came off !!!!
THANKS! “: Congratulations to on their 50th anniversary! #ROC”
Merry Christmas
Being an elected official is easy. You're just a finger to press yeah or nay based on the majority opinion of the folks who elected you.
Playground with the nieces. Where do they get this energy from??? Beautiful to watch.
Hey, how's club Farenheit going
play more GNR shows in New York!
We removed an old bird nest from an attic yesterday. YUCK! Check your roof vents for holes. Contact us if you need help. Happy to help!
We need an insurance goal. My heart can't take much more.
better than ray's hell burger? lemme know.
Why this nigga breakin my boo heart. S/O TO alyssa jack. One mo again
And most of all I appericate my mom :)
Jonah Lehrer's talk will be reviewed by in the Dallas Observer on Monday. You missed a good one.
Good Morning and Fuck Clone Clown!!
U got friends I dnt I'm losing all of them! x(
Do-do-do… just checkin’ my 401k… la-la-la… entering my password now….hmm-hmm-hmm… *click* … … … AH!
I'd like to see Lakers use Ebanks on Durant like they did when MWP got ejected and put MWP on Westbrook. Mike Brown needs to be creative
French Strawberry Pies on special tonight at our Balboa Park location! Served with our homemade White Chocolate Ice Cream. Yum!
Mocha Java Coffee Scrub. Indulge in this chocolate skin treat infused w/ mocha coffee & super moisturizing coconut oils.
Wow. There's a drunk guy here at this restaurant and the owner is driving him home rather than allowing him to drive. So awesome.
Please #IUPUI, more coffee venders on campus for those all day classes.
I get so sad when people unfollow me :(
hahaha dang it! :P why do I have to be so adorable?! And I'll check when I can lol
If looks kill, I'll take our secrets to tha grave.
"She was one of those really pretty girls who guys were afraid to talk to." -boy I went to hs with when asked if he remembered me 😳
Is it harder to potty train girls or boys?
Hey girls, what runs have you signed up for?
I knw that is right congrads on that.....
Thank you! Happy Friday!
Thanks for all the retweets!! I'll keep digging up fun stuff to post for you too.. :-)
i'm being semi-facetious... i didn't learn to ride a bike til 23 (tho to be fair, i didn't drive legally til 19 either, heh)
stop coding. Lets hang out soon! :)
u totally will! I've often said ur a good catch! So somebody's gonna pitch it to u right sooner or later! ;)
Strength and honor
How are you all today? xx
Percy is doing a lot better today. He's FINALLY drinking without a syringe and he's eating on his own. I'm slowly feeling relief.
I'll guess you'll find out tomorrow! Sounds like y'all had fun!
AND Drake is coming June 2nd
well that's how celebrities manage their lives and career at the same time.. got to learn from them..
was there any doubt? We take pie very seriously! :) Happy Thanksgiving!
Monsieur Cobweb, good monsieur, get your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle...
There is a reason why "gay" is widely used as a metaphor for "wrong"...
Where's Sushi @?
what an adorable little guy!!
you hit nail on the head, but PC said it out of nowhere with no context & I thought he was eluding to the song we working
I can't wait till my baby Is here <3333 #excited mommy
Morning Loves
"Happiness is right in front of you"…. yea the Internet!
Helped an old Indian couple move their Van that had broken down on Irving on to Ravenswood today .
Libraries providing spaces for curiosity, collaboration and compassion
The guy at Pizza Pros called me "Miss Ratio" - Love it.
Gold is gaining - look at GLD I got in $89 - it is now $119 will hit $200 not too late to make some money. Cheaper gold play is NG $6.64
Follow insane workouts with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Hairston is killing the
YES! I would also like you to come to our holiday party and act out the dog's part while your mom does the trad. retelling...
Making the news like this is low and cheap
loopa.. Did u mean loop or loompa from a chocolate factory??
Thanks to and for my set last nite at Flappers Burbank. Highlight video of the Doosh rockin it tomorrow
All MJ FANS FOLLOW ME. Im new to twitter and am holding a toy drive in his honor. Thanking you in advance.God bless
I just realized… Nobody's cooking...
Im on one
Going to watch some taekwondo black belts do their thing this afternoon.
she left if like a whole different outfit hahahahahah without her shoes too.
Thank you, dear!
Time to go into hibernation for a while so I hopefully feel better!
Go Bayern Munich- HUGE game starting now!!
I'm out to lunch have my assistant take my calls. #BossingIt lol ima dumb ass
Okay so I feel like such a hypacrite. i am a hypacrite. ugh is that even how you spell it idgaf.
FB needs to chill out for a day please.
How fun to get so many messages, til I found out why. Sorry all! I'm fixing it, tnx for telling me, I wouldn't send those thongs...things :)
just had a crazy idea: ALA Anaheim. It's like a crazy Epcot Center for librarians. My heart is racing.
rip #chuckcolson < - a beacon of light to the world
Do you believe in love at 1st site or should I walk by again…?
EXACTLY. If I really care, I'll just go to the site and find the article.
Woke up with a nasty headache /:
Alexander from the art institute of san fran wants me. Bitch won't stop calling me.
Lunch time with co-workers!
Living with allergies suck. I HATE THIS. Can't have coffee cause it has nuts in it </3
straight up cried and snitch smh
Eager to learn ballroom & ballet in just 1 day? At the Day of Dance, Rachel shows us we can have fun & stay heart healthy. (3/20/10) @ 5:30
chase looks like Justin bieber haha
I really try to like people, but seriously they are so effin stupid
135 miles to
Happy first day of winter!
thank you Ronda. You are so awesome.
"One thing have I desired of the LORD. That will I seek after...to behold the beauty of the LORD."~Psalm 27:4
Nice to meet you. :)
The procedure will be blamed, but the procedure is not the problem.
False: The Penguin.
"RT: Politics: Clever men use right words to hide their wrong hearts."
great senior photos today!!
just woke up.....horny.......the usual..lol
Hello Follow Friday! Follow SPI for a study abroad experience of a lifetime!
the little red desk is coming to work with us tomorrow, tell your little guy. :)
I think needs to try
Hunter Hayes <3
Believe first that nothing is too hard for God and then watch how He changes your perspective! He's the incredible God of impossibilities!
If it ain't about money, why we
because these days can erase something i never saw. this is my "yolo"
Had a brilliantly comic insight about #IRENE but the power flickered just as I was about to send it. Somehow seems less relevant now...
When my mom buys the stuff i dont like at the store<<
Maybe the Coyotes needed me out of the building to win in the playoffs.
RT : thought leaders from finance world
Tami Keeling, president: I specifically asked that we do not mention parent's names.
I can't believe after just getting my phone back , I left it at my dads house -_- blaaahhh
Oregon Ducks.
Re: bit.ly/pzgHU2 Bubble not limited to online info & probably built upon a lattice of our core beliefs.
Justice delayed, is justice denied.
right on, good to hear
silly spot for such a joyful yet intense journey of soulmate-finding
the financial markets and in many of the world's economies. However, the uncertainty will inevitably affect you,
hey I watch your show a lot especially the one when dia was trying to get a weave!!that was 2 funny!!😄😁
omg I just ran into Sammy who had that :)
It is the wildcats vs the run devils this morning at the turkey bowl
Derrick just hit it on the hehead. Scotty mad for commenting by Denny and he is doing the same thing.
Watching USA play Guatemala in a World Cup Qualifier on ESPNC. US already quantified for final qualification round.
Had a wonderful business meeting today... I'm excited for all the new big things popping.
I made myself a Planters Punch last night. Made my own pineapple orange juice for it.
Are there testing frameworks for Coldfusion other than CFUnit?
I love you Molly!!
great im so reading
agreed - I was surprised at amount of pundits who think Dalton hurts Ds chances. He knows what he's doing.
laying on my grass doing my comp&lit homework .. I feel like such a hippie ✌
To all the #dcedu folks: break a leg with your pitches. So bummed I can't make it on account of planning/grading for this week.
#Dallas United we win! Divided we crumble.
People are still willing to do an honest days work, trouble is they want a weeks pay for doing it. ~ Joey Adams
I am burning up in Angel Fire.
"And now, I miss everything about you, cant beleive that I still want you, after all the things we've been through."
MT #Preds are 5-0 when scoring first, 0-4 when giving up the first goal.
service credit union
is rather behind on all things Pitt. Oops.
Love BBQ sandwiches!
I have had the worst day of my life
we gonna see who the fuck nigga is tho! Watch!
All a dis come in like its a dream
No, I am a man. I can shut my brain down by command...ah SportsCenter,,,Later...
oh, those gremlins are evil little buggers. #accuweather ;)
S/O to all my new and old followers.. Now let's keep it real and follow me on instagram I will make the follow back instantly!!
do u go church nw dayz.
THATS BIG BRO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY EVERYONE!!! THIS GOES OUT TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO TAKE CARE OF THEIR SEEDS. WE TRULY APPRECIATE YOU!!!
Oh shxt I'm #Winning haha!
Signs it's time to move to a new building: Passed a guy on the stairs that smelled like an Ambercrombie & Fitch
Taylor swift on punkd is great
Tonight on 10 A yr. after historic floods nearly wiped out Brew-fest, it's back on tap, but just barely, plus t-storms tonight!
and We love Versailles !!!
#swag if I was yo boyfrann id never letcha go
I was abused... By a 12 year old girl.
This is true.
thank u! I need all the inspiration and new ideas I can get! I'll let u know how it turns out ;)
I care not! Haha
As sees it, they expect: self-service, customization, velocity, resilience, and ease.
Anyone have any questions about us?:)
Idk Why But I Found It Weird How Chachi Was At The Vma's Yesterday AND In A MINI Skirt ! Like I Know It Was Part Of The Dance.But Just Weird
u do what u r told. Lol.
Today's BTU inspiration: "It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." ~J.K. Rowling
hmm looking for an iphone or droid for verizon.... anyone?
making ribs sourcream and chives potatoes with creamy chicken noodles while rocking out to
Drop everything now. Meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk. Take away the pain.
thanks Wayne! “: that's phat!”
Maurice Chevalier~ Old age is not so bad when you consider the alternatives.
Our twitter hotline is open the same hours as our phone hotline (1-888-VOTE-SMART) 8-5 Mtn Time. Tweet us your zip and find out your reps.
Are you kidding me? They're saying she didn't do good this time. She slayed that. She's so original.
Watching raw and rangers baseball.. GO CRUZ...
wordpress or blogger-what do you prefer and why?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Bob Brenly: Punchy
we missed your tweet. Will you be anywhere this evening?
www.Platinumposts.com Support us!
Happy Friday folks! Who's going to All-Bal in Cleveland this year?
The prerequisite for getting on the show Bachelor should be to go on Tough Love. Them ppl never stay 2gether cause they have issues.
Why is Sonic the Hedgehog music playing in Einstein's Bagels?
It was funny! RT : haha then at lunch xD
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Broccoli and Tortilla. Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Awesome! Hope you enjoy it!
Heard on the radio this AM that kids are drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk. It's not more potent but easier to get. Really??
I've lost track of the expectations primary in the past 24 hours. If Romney wins MI is that counting as a win or a loss?
pumped for your gig tomorrow?? I am!!! See you there! xx
: I can go whenever... they have day/night classes... I'll send you a message on Yelp w/ the current days/times. Yay!
The important thing is that YOU aren't working this week.
Nothing to start off the week like prepping for an 8:30 meeting only to realize it starts at 9:00.
Research shows that only about 70% of businesses will last for 2 years; within 5 years, half of them will have folded.
Business trip done! Released.
are you tired of read lovely mentions of your fans? I just can say: much love from Spain ♥
What is your favorite quality in a leader?
are you coming to our formal?
for my vote.
haha great not listening to what the doctor said
LA vs. LA tonight ! Lakers gettin a beat down !
