Thanks for the shout out ! We are very proud of our fully loaded brunch! We also cater brunch, so have it at your house or ours!
that's ok I prayed for you baby! U'll do ok in life as soon as you find one I promise you :)
If the BCS wants to make the title game more like the Super Bowl, the only way that's a good thing is if the kickoff is moved up to 6:29 ET.
he be trolling like crazy on fb and be stalking me...i put up a lms and 1 sec later "Matthew Kelly has liked your status"
HA HA! YOUR MOM!
party in the city...
well obvi. that dumb shirt. but imma wear a black tank top under it. And if its warm i'll wear shorts. Wbu?
wow little man is busier than super mom lol
In Lunch want to go home sick:(
um wait ... is that a good thing?
“: Why is the coffee that hotels provide in the room always so bad? #Hiltonhotels” because it was ground months ago.
watching it now lol
An educated people can be easily governed
I have a Chinese mfgr client looking to acquire electric motor technology for use in tractors, locomotives, ships, etc. Any info DM me.
thank you
im so in love with you riqht now (:
is in urgent need of a funny monologue 2 minutes or under.
Oh dear I am going to barf. #skeptic watching
In one version of a speculative future, yoga rooms may replace airports entirely...
you need help alright!!!!!
If your really on your job you are all the way ahead of the game. Im getting ready for august of this year.
that's awesome so u think u could hook me up with some tickets to see fulham an man u play
That is weird
Mongoloids tonight!
haha that's awesome. I'm glad to be a fresh-faced eager student. :)
has started and I have been at it non stop since then
#libchat Q2 we allow moderated reviews to be posted in opac. I answered before but autocorrect split my lib chat tag up.
I will sunshine. Thanks.
After years of careful thought, it is my belief that "Genius of Love" by Tom Tom Club is about black dick.
Candlelit Valentine's Day dinner at our kitchen table. Empanadas, champagne, perfection.
are u a guy
That is not right lol thanks babe
Yeah. I put on a condom every night, just to remind myself.
Sometimes when people tweet, I think it's about me but then again people think mine are about them. It's a vicious cycle :( Oh, Twitter...
I am just now reviewing NSF apps. You are in my pile if you are still looking for feedback. Let me know/send new version?
I type things into Google to see If I spelled them correctly.
"When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills."--Proverb I mostly see wall-making right now.
Updated my status and he liked my status in less than 5 seconds ;O
Cal wants to thank the team for letting him throw the first pitch today. Ford wants to apologize for his 'tude. Go Heels!...
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese... Mouse Traps only kill the early bird...get it lol
Sad 4 Them Daisy.Its Problems
I can't believe how much attention is paid to people that are late with their taxes, you realize these people are late with everything!
Thanks to GCC and the crowd at Fairmount Temple tonight. Justice,compassion and accountability is my goal.#prosecutor cuyahogacounty.
Watching harry potter 7 pt 1 in preparation for tomorrows midnight showing!!!
I wonder if my dog understands that my parents are married and Im their son or if he thinks we're just a bunch of friends that live together
Heading onto the set til 9:30 EST, keep me posted on the #caps #rangers match-up!
#INeverUnderstood What you saw in him... And look how it ended!
Bitch move seriously fucking old people I swear
I try to stay away from the straight-up sniglets but sometimes they're too fun.
Come out Tonight and lets kick off the weekend right! 6pm
But, hey ! At least those kids would eat well with all that
hahaha, I was even confused about that part! But I'll let you know 👍
Still cnt find my damn glasses, smh my eyes ne killing me
Another busy day,night spent #downtownvegas with my man and drinks Now off to bed..nite,nite.
At the end of the day the day I still got me thats all I need, thats all I want :)-
thanks! You are too. Are we friends on RN too?
Time to show the #Chargers how to #BeGreat! Go Pack Go have a great game today!! GnY!!
Im chooseing outfit one as my primary.
Don't Be Sorry Ho Be Careful
Wondering what the fine people of the motorcity think of megatron/Cjohnson doing an ad for a japanese car company?
On wings of rolling flame, We Ride
hahaha going hard?
If you are over the age of 18 & still love pokemon u need to grow up
Putting off plucking my eyebrows..
and my dad are bonding
Life size shark would be the best thing ever. And it would be your carry-on.
thanks im go check that link out......and thanks for liking my show ;)
I walk around just sayin' your naammee
Is thinking small safe?
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 :D
my bad. I can't keep all your baseball trips straight.
about to auction off a Sony PSP 3000!
Today's Highlight in History: On May 18, 1926, evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson vanished while visiting a beach in Venice, Calif.
Hip Hop workshop at Powerhouse in Wheeling Thursday 7pm -hope to see you all there!
It was a good time. Didn't even plan on a PR...didn't plan on running it even...registered Thursday night! :-)
Yooo we gon shut it down again tonight!!!
awesome! Congrats on your graduation!
Police:mam the neighbors called worried someone was getting killed all they heard was a girl screaming prince your kiling me
Project X 2 RT : Bounce house getting delivered to the castle as we speak. Dear friends, COME OVER TONIGHT!!!!!!
Thanks for the linkage!
Lets think about our future. What will they have if we continue to live in a world ruled by fossil fuels? Lets move toward
RT : You are my 100th follower! Congratulations!!! (Thank You Sir... It's an honor!)
25. I'M A HOMEBODY. Love to chill at home.
Now go own another presentation tonight!
What the hell kinda name is "Mitt," anyway? Well, it does rhyme with "twit...."
Thanks. I checked out your blog. Is the background photo your place?
Most women has eyes for Robin Thicke
I love how someone wants to act hard once they get around alot of people.
#FWYH come ask me
..would you forgive your enemies?
is back from last year! "To learn to think, is to learn to live"
Opening Day for Z, clinic with Oscar, adult beverages with fun people... a good day all the way around.
kiss my ass
Diving into coding up the sound design GUI for the VST Instrument.
thanks for the follow! If you ever come across some great vintage graphic design, send us pics for vintagemeohmy.com :)
RT : Can't decide which is worse being on... Schindler's List or Craigslist?
Blueberries Lane
is Doing BIG THINGS INTERNATIONAL w/US #StrangersFamilyTour Hottest South Asian Beats
nigga i cant call u on twitter and wake u up -__- oh and sorry :/ wont happen again..
Well my bracket was ruined by #FSU #Duke #Mizzou and #MichiganState... But my National Championship is still alive.
I miss the people I shouldn't miss.
Time for a Smoke =P
I will fight you!
I DONT THINK YOU REALIZE HOW FUCKING EXCITED I AM.
of course you can!
I still follow you :)
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
Tough Mudder you are officially crazy lol..looks like fun tho! Yeah I hope to leave soon maybe an hr or so..
Where have you been??
Starving:(( ...this diet is killing me
is my hero
Horford shaking the rust off his elbows.
Loving the absolute Twitterverse revulsion to this USF game
Hands-on with the Dell Streak 7 tablet
Sparky going do this. Just feel a big upset today.
oh. Well he could be. I get shy a lot... haha
#HappyLeapDay! Doing anything special to celebrate?
Bases loaded!! Granderson up! Let's go boys!!
Sounds delightful! Any honeysuckle to perfume the air?
I love you more.
Of course! I would consider it an honor :)
what did Mary told you?
on 15th has been restocked with epic cookie-ness.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth. Pearl S. Buck
It's about time politicians and analysts balanced US economics against the rest of the world. Example: 20 countries pay more for gas..
What class? RT : Can't believe I am excited to start summer school at the end of this month
Glad to have Doo home for snuggles and hugs. Now we all need to get and stay healthy!
#RT if your missing someone right now
1 of the best! RT : Big Thank You to Dr. David Porter of Methodist Sports for fixing ankle.So thankful for his skills!
We've had some urinary issues with our pugs and I think the cranberry treats are helping :-)
Excuse the douche .... oh wait
just support for Peyton manning just like me we still a die hard colts fan :)
CONGRATS! I am super impressed about this
I miss that strawberry fizz too..
Jessie J - Sometimes Dreams Come True (Unreleased Song 2011) - Send to friends
Its Crazy How SomeOne Who Love You Say Some Of.The Shit I Heard Last Night
Yay I got a job interview tomorrow :D
At a #constantcontact #cityofchicago social marketing seminar
What the Lord has placed in you, is the very thing that's suppose to change the world! We need you...
Experienced my first migraine ever today. NEVER. AGAIN. kthx.
Amazing and unforgettable night in #baltimore last night. Going to miss this town.
Denver public library I love
#mentionyourcrush Ian Harding/Chris Evans/Ryan Reynolds <3
RT : My girl, the brill is sharing her experience today on #wgbiz - topic: personal branding
Need some pop bands for a showcase in november! Email
so close ... shifting focus between "bring that chicken home" and final project
I need to lose weight.
Free open gym continues tonight from 5-10pm! Just bring your JagTag and de-stress from finals!!!
every day the wings play I don't wear underwear, shhh don't tell my co workers at
Bears lose by 5. That 6 pt swing at the end of the half was a killer.
#iwishihad enough ?? to make sure every homeless and poor person was ok
dude, u get me all excited that ur on, thinkin ill get some of the love, but ...NO, country women need love too! :'(
just broke down and bought your jersey today...confident you'll stay...I hope lol
Woot woot! :) thanks, it's gonna be awesome
New Yorkers are rude!!!
Oh yea... this is what its like to be a Dodger fan. We were almost starting to forget!
It can't be easy to make digital distro both more expensive and less convenient than physical.
Well....Farley would know.
Now craving ice cream in the worst way. Chances of being allowed an ice cream bout in the library....
haha my day was kinda boring.
Beer - it's not just for breakfast anymore
Happy easter erryone!!!
Friday, working in Brentwood on a large front yard hardscape and pool project.
Perfect day in #Austin. Think it's a work from the back porch kind of day!
I know right
That's great! Send them along: mcdermott[at]jhu[dot]edu
I don't know if what they are doing is legit or not, but their aggressive response wasn't what you'd expect from a business
Got the director I really wanted. In pre-production for my film. Yeah!!
Hahaha ! RT : corrected : My religion is very simple. My religion is glitter - Dalai trauma
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe not to get attached to young black girls
you are too kind, my friend. You are truly
EEEP!! He said I love you too!! My day has been made
thank you :)
I dare you to try and name 3 things better than a cherry icee.
Have fun storming the mall! Say hi to Claire's for me.
#liber2011 Not just library usage; can't pull apart from how courses are taught, faculty's contribution. But definitely a link w/ lib usage.
where u going out at?
I was so pumped to be home for about five seconds then I walked in the door and Quinn starts an argument...#sisterforsale takers?
Never said she was,?
#ReasonsToLoveTexas and are from there
Claire, you kill me! Ha. “: Mitt Romney's son, Tag!!!! Hubba Hubba!!”
Lifting my guitar & case above my head to get through a turnstyle, then running up the stairs to make approaching train
will do!
Burning man last night couldn't have had more hippsters and minors bumming cigarretts!
Iuvycfvuhgvb you're so good at writing
For all those traveling to #Portland for the 2012 #WPSA meeting, we'd like to offer you a warm welcome to our fine city!
do YOU follow ?! Love it.
#alliwant for xmas is a gift card to
Thanks!!! W Hopefully we can tour everywhere!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 59
Breaking: Investigation the founder of uber-cool SF startup who once had a connecting flight in PDX en route to NY.
what inspired you to follow me? can i tell i like bacon too?
Hate not knowing what to do.
YES!!! Say hi to Mary Alice!
Glad I could help!
Follow Falling Forwards !
Truth. RT : IRS Should send librarians at least one free-drink coupon in every shipment of tax forms
Hello fellow indian, Do you by chance know when your special will be playing in the good ole' USA?
I GOTA DIG BICK... WRONG READ DAT... YOU READ DAT WRONG TOO
Mwahaha just friended coworker that starts next week on Facebook. So excited!!!
so, today CU got an extension from NASA while CSU is celebrating the anniversary of their bug club... a bug club. seriously. via
2 news sources stated PS was meeting w/ DOJ yesterday. Pokerstars made a statement that they will comment when talks are over.
Thanks for the follow - look forward to seeing your tweets!
pink dolphin
Either my height or taller then me has good grades and treats a girl like a princess and will actually like me for me and . . .
hey, do you remember any of the examples of continuities mr.cyr gave us for the ccot? I can't remember any :(
I feel like now is the time to be afraid. Be careful what you ask for.
Very good career choice! RT : rocking out to instead of working
Honduras just put one foot into the Olympic soccer tournament.
Yo Momma So Fat When She Sat On An Ipod She Made It An Ipad.
Black Dog Animal Rescue :)
Turn heel, for the love of God.
and that's why us bananas love you so much ^_^
In a waterfall delivery, progress reports are on intangibles–designs & code that are not complete.
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate cats
Wow Corinne. Thanks for making me feel like a bitch for not giving your daughter sweets.
gotcha bro! DM me ya email so we can take the world by storm!
Finished writing another song for the EP titled "Blackout" I am so excited! Stay tune for more info!
that's quite a name..
LOL! Patriot Sea Goyls definitely leave their dropping in unexpected destinations.
... Wondering if your smoothies are really all natural with no preservatives?
"You can't fit a square peg in a round hole" You can if the diagonal of the square is less than the diameter of the circle
hey girl plz help me get 100+ followers
Been past that water tower MANY MANY times.... :)
In contrast, the disorder is “situational” if the delayed ejaculation is limited to certain situations or with certain partners.
Only slept 4 hrs and feeling pretty good lol! Have a good weekend everyone =)
Always knew Mickey Hatcher had a vendetta against Albert Pujols.
We are giving away 25 pairs of tix to ZZ Top/Lynyrd Skynyrd as well as our grand prize a pair of FLOOR PASSES TO ZAC BROWN BAND!
Alright, Ill deliver your gift from me to you soon
When I'm alone I think of so many things to say to you. When I have a chance to tell you, I go speechless.
Nope not intense at all. Feeling great! RT : Thx for follow, glad to be connected...Paleo huh, is that intense?
but for sure u missing somethingz! ;-)
Bought a wicked red dress covered in little white skulls and anchors from Hot Topic. Let's add my worn combat boots, shall we?
Who's dropping by Hennesseys tonight for some tournament #beerpong?
Thanks for the FF love!
Who has 4th period lunch?
#FEDUP To stop NAT'L DEBT/Debt Ceiling RISE, HAVE 2 CUT Annual Budget 2 point where SPENDING = INCOME. ANY Deficit grows DEBT/Debt Ceiling!
Happy Pi Day! Make sure to tell your favorite round objects how much you appreciate their ratios! :)
all i really want to do is write all day and read and narrate things in my mind...writing=affliction...
If you insist on being committed to your music, this will help you greatly.....www.outwardvisions.com/straight-ahead-ebook/
Bet it smells like Jimmy Carter down there
Peggy Noonan: proof that a person who is not very bright can write beautifully.
I followed.
One more win LA.
why is it better?
I hear ya. Sucks. How you been?
Due to quake and some customers I'm munching on a glazed chocolate chip cookie from the cake shop I work Yum
Pizza Rolls >>>
M&A Tip of the Day-Make sure the M&A firm you hire to sell your co. has a securities license.Since 2005 rescission rights became effective
Turn a $250 investment to $1650 within 30 days in a biz that provides Savings in 27 States, would I have ur attention? Call 1-646-397-9817
Do you judge a company by it's online presence or website? I need to know..
Attention #CTA : we have smart phones and Train Tracker now. No point in lying about the phantom train immediately following.
nah not really. Shee, wish I looked good enough to do porn. Lol
the round blue fox waslked past the lazy dog.
I am the Jonas brothers.
Excited to talk about things that change our perspective in home group tonight! Love my group!
lol, i know... gotta love a little office rivalry though. if i have to hear about her carolina blue all day, ya know....
Darren collision is playing some very good ball. Hope your watching !! Haha
Swingfest 2010 is in Orlando Fl. You may want to come a day or two early, so you can visit the long list of theme parks Orlando has to offer
Enjoying at #KMLECountryThunder. Excited for & tonight!!!
#ConfessionNight I have somewhat of a foot fetish.
ESPN's show open makes a big deal out of Kemp's two homerun night. Whatever intern is logging the Brewers game needs to speak the Hell up!!
lol thanks your calling me a old fuck
Hm it all depends. How shiny?
Of course, we do what we can. Some have become true friends : thanks for caring when the rest of society wont.
<3 I love you
#nowplaying: The Return of the Jitney Man from 'Metamorphosen' by
head over to and vote for #Iaintnoquitter !!
Figured out how to edit some ContentDM PHP code today. Way too excited about this, but don't get to play with code much now as manager.
I70 westbound starting to slowly move; get back in your car
Dream the impossible and live the life you imagined. Why settle for anything less?
Psychically prepared for connecting flight back to
Indonesia in da house!! Thank you!!!!! RT “: Happy birthday Karina, keep beautiful. Luv u :*”
when I apologized? Nope!
Happy Wednesday! Remember to do 1 random act of kindness today.try it!
It was nice to see you on #TigersLive. You look good in that jersey:)
I was looking for bloomers for boys. I actually tried 2 shop local but only found them 4 girls also tried Etsy but 2 expensive
I need a date for the drive-in! All my dates bailed for a sunny day at the beach. (totally understandable but bummer for me)
Remember: I'm around Thanksgiving Weekend, for those of you with cats who are going away!
All actors wanna be singers and all singers wanna be actors.
awesome! Today is definitely going to be a good day!
“: Morning Lori ” Thanks for the mention!
Not easy but very rewarding! :) RT : Feliz día a todas las mamás! not easy to be a mom, a wife, a friend and have a career
I honestly thought Sullivan was joking when he suggested Jefferson could figure out Jesus' true teachings better than scripture!
"Do you have constant persistance?"
Eat only grass fed animals instead of forced grain fed . They contain higher amounts of vitamin C, E, beta carotene & health promoting fats
Money is not the goal. Money has no value. The value comes from the dreams money helps achieve.
I will definitely do that.. You and are just so dang cute!
ESPN is reporting that Michael Finley from the San Antonio Spurs will be released.
okay pretty ricky
#20bandsilove Black Eyed Peas
SMH @ these gas prices
“: It's a good show, actually.” Agreed
read the last one
#cnndebate Mitt Romney won the debate tonight.
Started with 10k. 10,125 after level one. ABC. Great turnout here come down if you are on the fence !!!
There is NOTHING wrong with bragging on your kids. Brag on!
. TY for follow. How far are you from Cincy?
If arianna is bummy then I am too.
county canvass today RT : #ncpol final absentee deadline was Monday, 2101 votes to be added to county totals today
wasn't excited when they called it Twilight.
It'd be great if you didn't touch me in the morning. Seriously. Do not touch me.
Hot Latino mess
You're only hurting yourself with your bitterness. For your own sake, learn from it, & let it go.
We ran out of those...
how sweet! Thank you!
bitches be crazy!
So true :) but thats why ppl like u.
it is only 10 & 11 in the home markets. I'm ok with that.
I am seriously so tired of my hair. I'm tempted to cut almost all of it off after school. Anybody have hairstyle suggestions? Lol.
Yer sister is a shirt hustla. Let me know next time + we'll set it up better. Great set! Good times on el radio
ah, wish I was home! -- from Chicago.
. did you see Steve Harvey's "Think Like A Man," cause I'd like to see you do that review?
what should i get you for graduation? #LetsSee :)
Maybe like everywhere.
Nash was slightly more efficient on offense, but that can be attributed to a significantly lesser usage %.
Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
chats with Judy Smith, the inspiration for #Scandal on #ABC -- Tune-in Sunday on #washingtonwatch 11am ET/PT.
killin it as always! cant wait to hear man! Get it in!
Folks aint got no life like y u playing on my phone
The jury of the 99% finds the corporate pig GUILTY!
dang! bitch slapped right outta hurrrr!
heard its your birthday! Have a great one!
Thanks! I'll check those out
Let's just say I think peace signs have been overly used. Seriously.....
RIP Joey Vento-Took on Freedom of Speech & Won! #winner His Famous Sign-"This is America. When ordering, speak English"
so support for the ordinance means that Carl believes it's equitable? How's that kool aid taste?
i barely tweet need 2 tweet more
hehe, i'm still here
Q: Solid Monopoly game strategies? A: Take all the pieces b4 the game starts--then make other players buy them from you to play
Really not looking forward to resetting all the clocks.
"Every day is a good day when you run." via
What is your favorite #bukowski novel?
That awkward moment when someone isn't as cute as you thought ...
I LOVE The One, one of my favorite Kylie songs.
Great idea for the Contagion promotion! Cutting-edge OOH.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one nowww
Kill them all
#DesireThursdays- What part of yourself is whispering your name, wanting you to unfurl?
Another day of great wisdom! You keep the thinking man thinking! Thank You!
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF WEAR SLUTTY CLOTHES AROUND HIS FRIENDS
Only the 6th time an 8 seed gas upset a 1 seed. Thats like Duke losing to Lehigh thus year. Pretty crazy bro
guess he is one of those people not following you. hahaha.
you can do a million different things as an org. or museum w/ pinterest boards. I could pin all day long :)
But when I sit and think about it baby, all of my dreams are bigger than you..shine on!
would that I could, bubba.
Please email and we can help. 140 characters isn't enough :)
including students
Thanks Love<3 wish you could be there:)
Something handmade? By you or someone on etsy....
Rule number 1 was just broken..no number 2's on the bus #c'moncoach
OMG I got offered possible positions at Louis Vuitton and/or Prada AAHHHHHH, In OC.
May issue now out on iTunes store: bonus photo galleries, 360 views.
#askharry which one of your bracelets is your favorite?
my bed has to be made just right before i can get comfy
Thanks, Susan! It's been fun. So great seeing you in Minneapolis.
Relationship? How about just sex plz! : Just because a guy doesn't speak English...it doesn't mean you c ...
What's Up
Oh No! I reached my following limits. I can't follow more people! Please follow me or give me S/O to ur followers..
ill be landing in Phoenix in 14 hours! Cant wait!
Court...whites man justice
I think i watch this show every night. They also expanded to a Texas version now
lol wats a vacation? neva heard of that one b4, i wish
hell yeah i'm gonna get my party on tomorrow
Funny how after single digit temperatures, 78 feels hot. Not complianin' just sayin'.
Of course!
Opening drive down the field and a Score!!! #GoBrowns!!
HA no you don't have to do that :) I just want to see it really
There is no single social graph! It is always plural! FB wants you think it is only them!
Whew. My brain feels better. Got me some DQ.
I think serving in the military is the hardest job. RT : Being a mom is both the hardest AND best job. RT if you agree.
Wow... Reaaaaallllllyyyyy jealous. But, I gotta ask, did 'x give it to you?
Good luck to you and your sore knee(s) I know that pain, and it is TERRIBLE! I'm so glad it's not your wrist, though!
Just registered for #sxsh social health meeting in Philly next Monday. Can't wait!
Wow, is Tiger Woods the new John Daley? Quits when he's having a bad round, WTH?
Reggie Evans looks like a smedium Kimbo Slice in a headband.
This was supposed to be My Sweet Fall at the doctor, but it turned into Aaron sitting alone in the waiting room. sucks
This sub sandwhich wet.
Me too
I just had to hide from Thomas and he finds my shoes and goes "a clue! ^_^" ..lil bro got to love him
come to america! can't wait to see you on your 2013 tour!
Things I miss about college: People Watching with on the Quad.
Haven't went to bed yet :/
What's a king to a god? What's a god to a non believer,who don't believe in anything?
NO BODY GREATER LORD!
hey my stupid smart phone wont send messages grrr:/
Shout out to everyone who is following their dreams:)
We've got THREE upcoming shows -- includes the Lummis Day Festival on June 3 -- in Los Angeles. Stay tuned for updates!!
a little scheme, nothin but a dream. gonna be doin it til we're sittin sittin on top with jim beam.
Beautiful weather here in sunny SD. We hope everyone is getting their base tans going for this amazing summer that we're sure to have!
I am so JEALOUS!!! I want to hear every last detail!
I wanna skate.
CAKE WALK!
Why not? Don't buy them if you don't want to.. I'm sure people will be selling the tickets too.
When is #BBC12?
fuck life RT“: can't sleep & i have to be up in 4 hours for work -__-”
#HMD To the ones that make sure their kids are always number 1
no !!! Your making me panic !! Stop . I'm just like expecting it like you don't know lmao like every second I check!
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - Shred Head
New art! New baby onesies! New terrariums! New soap! New Zombie Socks!
I haven't smoked cigs for years, but it always makes me a little ill when Marlboro sends me "Happy Birthday!" coupons. And many more, right?
To me these niggas suck BUT IM JUST BEIN ME haha
today is your lucky day. and good weather is a recipe for fun!!!
I'm Tiredd :/! G'Night Dollss :)!
Lmao all these #FatGirls tweets are horrible yet hilarious. I'm going to hell for laughing. :/
Come follow as Annette R. Martinez from State Farm delivers her keynote!
will the Dare to Dream book be sold in target..?
Hey, if is becoming a chick, it's none of my business. Homie wrote some of my favorite songs. God Bless
When asked why a student was attending my charter school, he responded: because I know the teachers love me. Nice.
Congrats, Quentin! You deserve it!
Yo respect to all the so called proud mothers out there. We feel you! #
your guy Rory is waitin on his "executive" tour. Ha!
thank you for the crash course in twitter. i am now a pro.
I am Spartacus!
All the freedom jokes on my timeline right now A+
#EcoMonday shout outs to for all things green chicagoland and for all things science + tech
“: Javale McGee's mom looks like she was beaten to hell with the Crazy Stick” LMFAO
Heading out for a creative with Digital Stories and
#PhillySportsTalk How many games do you think Chase Utley will play in 2012?
Blue cheese exists.
Need break. Lying on bed. Dying. Will report in the morning. #ptfo nao
is so pretty!
#Brewers cant check a break this year. Too bad the baseball season is long.
Thank you :) RT : the new album is sick!!
have not been on n ah while but weres my friend i missed u very much
Say "Tex-Mex text message" five times fast.
Well... It was fun hanging out with you for a good 5 minutes
i always knew there was a reason why i took french ;)
elated to know me & have something in common re: golf::i dont use a swing coach either
Stop friggin' Rt-ing Oprah into my TL, can't we catch a break from her already, she annoys the shit out of me!!!
lmao at people who post their own wikipedia links.
Omg, you gotta have all of them back on for a reunion! Wow, the feathered hair !
yep. Pretty typical for April out here in #Colorado It'll be 65 again on Thursday.
don't think I have ever seen you use "so", SO much before
While watching social media video for class I kept thinking Seth Rogen would have made a MUCH better Shawn Fanning than Justin. Just sayin
Loved 's cover of 's Harder to Breathe!
I should be finishing up for this move but all I want to do is sit on the couch and watch some bad tv.
strange even when img loads in separate tab, won't load in page- tried with different theme? same img, dif blog?
2012 Canadians in College | Canadian Baseball Network
I know I just followed a bunch of folks bare with me I'm trying to #market a brand that I feel is worth your time :)
RT : It’s #NationalCleavageDay! Take our fun quiz to match the breasts with their celeb bombshell owners!...
I have a secret dread of the parent meetings?
Yeah, but just no way the Brewers could invest that much money for that long
stalking my life
I heard you were in Del Mar, my buddy said he met/saw you..!!
i followed you. please follow for an instant follow back.
i told you i couldnt... I went to d-land with jb, his girl, and some other people. Sorry.
I've heard, dearest..that it's all really focus & repetition..learn to read and write it, then your mind remembers, savy?
I have a bunch of new followers! (reciprocated, of course) Is there an #alamw10 panelist I should thank?
Failure will not overcome me so long as my will to succeed is stronger"– Micheal S. Kirby
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 10
I just don't understand why they're called Ritter Sport.
Hm...a B. Antonio's app?
Thanks for the RT, David!
Make sure u can laugh at yourself. It's called personality.
Thanks for the #follow suggestion!
About time they called it.
Lovin it! Lets win that NL West! RT : It was good seeing at the stadium 2nite! The #Magic era has begun.
It sold over ten million units Jellyfish have been on Earth for over 650 million years
MAN SHUTT UP. u aint even know how to tie yo shoes til you met me...
I dont know if I should just give up on this contest-_______- hmm
I wanna be right. Show me how
apparatus, and you've got to make it stop. And you've got to indicate to the people who run it, to the people who own it, that../..
Subscribe to our newsleter "Dispatches from the Drafting Room"...
"Austin, are you seeing anyone right now?" Austin: "No, I am single." "Even if you weren't single, that's still the right answer."
or just attach their initials so I can sort whose is whose? pretty please?
...i think we all forgot about the bugs that come along w/the summer
Wow! Just pieced my noise twice..and still the stud wouldn't go through...perhaps a professional Moment is needed in this situation
No school for me today :D
Look forward to seeing you again so soon, what a treat. #ewomen2010 here we come.
No foot pedals in the house!
Come on ! Huge game on right now on Who else is watching?
Yea, I've had a handful too. It's always awful to hear things like that. It really does make you re-evaluate things.
*ba da bum bum bum* im loving it! <3
Haha, I can use all of those I can get. ;)
be there in da am
I think Chrome is a bit lighter and more stable. Doesn't make my laptop fan rev up like a jet when 30 tabs are open.
Trying to wake up after waking up at 3:30am. Going to GM plant at 8:30 where "GM is reinventing the automobile and its company"... Ahem...
easy to be behind your laptop with SM, learn trades that set you apart #FacFaceOff cc
ESPN draft software just screwed every auction league drafting after today by not allowing them to set their lineups. grrr!
Celebrate the equinox and stop by for a spring cleaning today. We'll wash away that ugly brake dust and get your car looking great!
If you work with Drupal on a daily basis and you're not contributing back to the community in some way, you're doing it wrong.
Come through Willis party this Saturday at Palm Gardens for his celebrity bash
Reporting that the "prescription drugs" Ibuprofen and Midol were found in Whitney Houston's suite isn't investigative.
watupdoe fam oh dis how to get in contact wit darren ass huh lol
Alright, guys. I've been talking about this a lot. But I would just feel guilty if I didn't say it again.
Had meatloaf for lunch since last night's veggie dinner resulted in a dream best described as half Chronicle of Narnia, half Deliverance.
Any TE sleepers I should be looking at for week 9? Lost Cooley for year. Will Jamarcus Finley be back? Todd Heap? Fred Davis?
Thank you so much for following
Spots are still available for the market this season: Call 414-502-9489 and leave a message with your email to receive an application
Please Be Patient, we expect to have things resolved within the next few hours and are looking forward to one of the Greatest Contests Yet!
I'll be back maybe later! Have to fix something! And waiting for to come online and chat with her! </3
Does have an instagram?(:
5 Ninja Linkedin Marketing Moves - www.BrianEZimmerman.com 5 Linkedin Marketing Ninja Moves To Inc.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
She like to Do it wit the Lights on Dnt matter to me If its Dark or not
How you apply #personal accountability to yourself?
Wow! What a terrific Midwest convention this year! Very large attendance!
Cant wait! hope all the verses get done 100% today, so i can start to mix and master theses tracks!
That sounds great.! I'm in! Leaving in the morning tomorrow unfortunately. Only time for one paper before I go :(
I want to buy the paint for my room, gaaah.
Just spent over a hundred dollars on tanning lotion, so it better work.
RT HOSH!T FLYING ROACH OMG
I am going to be a good law obeying Citizen for the next 4 days .. Lol
Get some cash and give me a call!
Cam snapping today.
gr8 ways to use Video in Recruitment: 1> Employer Branding (YTube) 2> Assessment ( etc) 3> Communication (HangOuts etc)
where was this fail?
thank you <3 it's amazing :) <3
No one likes a beer line...
Best Easter dinner ever... #mole #ceviche #oaxacanchocolatecake ridic enjoyable!
Who is going to AdobeMAX from Archer? Michelle Martorell our Creative Director is heading to LA to learn new tech for Archer!
I love simple foods. And I love how quickly I heal because of the natural foods I eat. Be good to your body it will be good to you!
ABC News now on air
Ohio by Cincinnati
Congrats on a good day, but Stars is just easing you in for a huge Sunday. They don't want you to be shocked winning a major
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
I love this and Story Traveling. Great stuff!
U Welcome And I'm been Following u.
I swear the moment I find a girl who likes This Will Destroy You's "Tunnel Blanket" as much as I do, I'll get on bended knee and propose.
#Agoodboyfriend knows how smart you are--and takes you to the !
uhh no im good.
Yep I definitely have a crush on Albie Manzo.....it's a fact!
Starting, operating & maintaining a business is really tough these days. Having smart, capable people around means more than ever.
You, too!
u and don't know what a dogfight is!!
My back is killing me, but the back garden looks killer
to from freddys
-_- you just made me get my sore ass up! Lol
we're gay, wouldn't we all be from district 1?
I don't know about that Floyd undefeated for a reason
Going outside when it's warm >>>>
ik but next time
IM GETTIN READY FOR THIS SNOW STORM!!!!
now at #nacw, panel on state & natl. leadership on #climatechange. Eric Pooley, former journo, now SVP at Enviro Defense Fund is moderating.
That awkward moment when you have headphones in and someone tries to talk to you and you kinda hear them but ignore them
nice shoutout in the journal!
haha I'll get on that
Of to school...
i need dick on the regular fuck a one night stand!!! GO FUCK YOURSELF!
All aboard!
lol=) we r never online at the same time=(
where can I hear your woke homie?
im dying without you!
Pay him so much money he's your franchise guy RT What's your definition of "build a team around"?
cannot wait ladies! xoxo ps. #revenge is back that night ;)
Which #superbowl movie trailer has been your favorite thus far?
Mario Kart and old music? This is amazing. :D
Exactly. I used to do a lot more music writing and usually had fun with musician interviews. One exception was Kelly Osbourne.
play with ME !!
And to think I had hope that these kids would be quite the whole train ride but no. They all cry at once!!
follow me please!?!? (:
you mean I may actually get to meet you in person? Cool!
but being black is pretty awesome :)
we should later today lol
Ike Davis is 0-2 today, bringing his seasons average at Citi Field to .00000000000000000000012
Women should not be underestimated
It's been revoked? What the hell, thin's my middle name? All dressed up and no one to blow? Go spit? ;)
Sun please stay out so I can take my senior pictures tonight
New timeline; new woman.
in the past that would have been a fair statement. Different coach, team, n era. Just ask the #Lions what difference a few yrs makes
I think I just ate a whole pizza by myself..
kind of u were pukin it up for quiet a while haha :p
I feel you
Tue Morn: feeling refreshed.........
grilled hand & cheese
yeah, sometimes I go dark:)
Frozen custard FTW!
On my waaaayyyyy. See u in LV
Phoenix, Sun, family and peace.
I got some sexy friends (((:
listening to the sounds of african tribal music while studying for economics
if you are the owner of please contact Isaac Shmaschemov at 774-277-9202. i would like to manage your internet everything
More than 74 people following me already. Special thanks to Alex from #GulkinGazette for her nice message!
please gollow me one of ur biggest fans
It is fully functional again! lol!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!120
Thx for the add!
Finished that scene and the next. Now both the h/h are ticked at each other. I love conflict! Will be back for more #amwriting tomorrow.
I was sort of hoping for sewage everywhere. Would have made a better story...
Goin hard the whole night cus im not goin back to my old life...
So Fringe was renewed for a 4th season. Love it! Now NBC needs to do the same with Chuck. I would be so pissed if they cancelled it.
Another beautiful day ;)
I would do anything to go party with Paul McCartney tonight.
Poised Creation is blessed to be backed by some of the best business professionals in the country!
May the Lord our God watch over thee until we meet again.
The #Dog Days of Summer fundraising event 8/28/10: enjoy vendors, pools & pet pics w/your 4-legged best friend. www.cantondogpark.org/
Great. Strep throat. :(
I spend more time preparing status reports on what I'm doing, than on what I'm reporting on.
Murmur project out of Canada promotes an outlet for location based personal storytelling using phone
Haha! Well, your personality sparkles even more than your outfits.
miss u!!
Average mph driving out of Miami right now: 0. Oh wait: 15. No, it's 0.
Secrets destroy. Arthur Miller shows us how. ALL MY SONS opens tonight. actorsbridge.org for details.
A slow Saturday afternoon where I can *see* the sun go down. Good. Let's have more of this thing, whatever it's called.
well you're basically done in ONE WEEK so you'll be there too :) minus the procrastinating backdrop...yay embassies!
I think that was pretty much the best birthday speech anyone's ever given me. <3
Some girls making fun of me. Oh tonight will be great.
What happened?? Oh wait... #Seattle happened.
I hear my bruh is doing great things in his baseball career.
Lord work on my foundation!
Some people are just mean and cruel!
Happy Valentine's Day !! You are Lovely...
let's get it on .
Dinner round 2
I couldn't possibly out-nerd you on this. Even if I really like the Discovery channel.
GRAND OPENING of new FRIDAY party line-up "POP" 911 St. NW DC|Guest DJ: Lady Gaga's DJ spinnin the hottest music 2night 7034073810
Why do you even have a phone if you're never gonna pick up or reply to texts?
miss u too, how's school?
totally addicted to tiny tower..
Great podcast tonight! Thanks to and for the show ideas. Your topics were discussed on Episode 14.
Happy father's day. buy yo daddy a ticket to Mahi Gato. lapunknoir.com
Anytime for a sister. :)
28 more days until school gets out. 29 more days until my One Direction concert. Asdfghjkl. Can't it come already?
i wish my lamp had a remote bc i don't feel like getting out of bed to turn it on
Researchers hadn't agreed on recording wet or dry weight #data, or standard wet weights for location (ex: Africa vs. USA).
Sad to leave #thatcamp #se and all the fabulous people - new & old. Great sessions today & lots to think about & DO! Thanks y'all!
major pros & cons to both :S
Jesus can walk on water... I can walk on Cucumbers ... Cucumbers are 96% water... So I am 96% Jesus.
All the evidence is right in front of them! Is the system really that blind and twisted????
Thanks for the awesome mentions Gino! Rock on! :)
You must send me recipe.
Instead of getting a frappuccino and going home to my cool apartment, I decided to take one on a walk yesterday.
Is it me, or is EVERYTHING Coach Hubie saying have a sexual innuendo behind it?
I'm gone but Ali. Christina, mark and others are there!
Done and Done!
ahh that makes sense thanks
I guess our ancestors drank so much they got immune, works for me doe
What picture are we talking about. Please send.
this Pitbull Bud Light commercial is horrible, i have to mute everytime it comes on now. I wont drink a bud light because of it
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
You should teach a class in Dallas Geo(:
-- sad, so sad / to miss the plum flower / before it fell #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
when you have the time i would like for you to listen to my music Its really hot.....
How do I manage to get yogurt in my hair at lunch?
I'm good and ill be home for a bit in may too so well ref catch up.
does Nissan have, or will they have, an iPhone app to track maintenance, expenses and other details of an owners vehicle?
Ditto that! Those green chairs make the entire room come alive.
“: #hth2012 introduces serious games, but does not give out t-shirts.” you do that at the end so people stay.
So excited about my new logo designed by !
ikr! I miss you already! :(
IF YOU GO #BUY1111 ON ITUNES WE'LL GIVE YOU A SMOOCH BY ;) :* -MAJD
More information needed. RT : idea for D2L12 social event: "urban kissing booths"
Yay!!! RT : A good night for the #CapsPlayoffs and
Matt startled me and I spilled hot coffee all over myself....good start, Jamie....good start.
It's racist, discriminatory, and fucked up. It's achieved nothing except to criminalize men of color.
Yeah I became a Vegetarian 1/1/2012. My body was telling no more meat! :) Am I happy? Oh yes. :)
Hey Followers!!!! This guy is awesome! I highly suggest following him. He always brightens up my day. 😃😘 👉👈
After a Pagan single and stolen base, Belt strikes out in big spot vs. K-Rod; not an easy assignment, but...
this bra is much too small on me ffs
go straight through it
Kirwan: Cam Kerry , John Kerry’s brother, called my legal counsel on behalf of SAS during 2007 IT procurement.
Sometimes I don't override my auto-correct just to see where the conversation goes.
i am teaching myself to be a better #digicomp teacher :) thanks for the rec!
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don't start the conversation, we won't talk. If you don't put in the effort, why should I?
what does 8 hours of sleep feel like? lol
Got me sum elite socks, shorts and sum hoodies
last night I had the honor of performing at the World Famous, "Tootsies" in Nashville! I must have been dreaming!! This was a great night!!!
The Digital Skeptic: Google Isn&#39;t Answering on Privacy
We are one of them! RT @ artinshanaty i just finished two postcards for two different non-profits...i really love it!!!
“: It's okay, I understand. She's skinnier, She's funnier, She's prettier, don't worry I wouldn't choose me either.”
I don't have viddy. Sorry baby<3
I guess Huntsman's ticket to ride from NH only had fare enough to get him south to Massachusetts
RP Julie Brown "We the Southwest Atlanta community want Raynard Johnson to become the 11Alive web producer."
Sorry, Dan - arena was booked Saturday. But as an STH you will be receiving a free ticket to Friday's game
please don't. Please.
Perfect weather for a strong coffee buzz!
I think came through with the closest thing to an inarguable refutation so far: Flipper.
#rv show in st louis coming up in a week, stop by our booth and say hello to Brian! Lots of great RV insurance info
"It takes a good man to prevent a catastrophe and a great man to make use of one" Richelieu 3 musketeers By Duma
One day I'm gonna meet !! RT if you want to meet him!! austinmahonedeservesarecorddeal
Like us on facebook during the month of January for a chance to win a free single person occupancy office. Winner to be announced Feb 1.
Your Birthday today? Have a happy one - did you also know it's: Dork Day, Gummi Worm Day, I love Horses Day and Cow Appreciation Day.
Check this video out -- Water and Spirit Baptism by Bro. Lee Stoneking via
Why not?RT : Didn't go to the Louisville game today! Waist of a ticket! Smh
I actually ended up injured and just ran the half, but I'll be back to run Eugene again, mark my words
the person on the sound boards on unemployment in... 3... 2... 1... bummer
#Adulthood The opposite of jersey shore
exactly what I was fearing.
What are your thoughts about Komen/Planned Parenthood funding? Jody.
European girls >>>
The Ignorance ...
Well, at least it's Friday.
Marty is always good for some interesting and entertaining comments! That's why I love him. I'll be sure to be listening tonight!
How is Ike's zombie poop manuscript coming along? Or was it poop zombies?
i hate getting a trim, i feel like she's gonna accidentally cut off too much! 😳
what yu mean what its Yo fault
Board of Sups votes to revisit their redistricting plan. Cox says he will not vote for a plan that violates the voting rights act!
Testing GSiteCrawler, so far I like it
dude, all what you do is RTing?
I go 4 days on weekdays, and on the weekends it's pretty much all I do. I get Friday off, to do what I want. Hbu?
Designs!! Drawing #ILOVEIT!!!
Thanks. Gotta answer on the Facebook page: http:/www.facebook.com/jazzcolumbus
Too early for this. ciggerette!
I can't believe i decided to work overtime smh... never again lol
The musical untalent continues: ": Are you guys alright with a Madonna halftime show at the Super Bowl?"
kings croos or st kilda - looks identical .... funny that!
Not sure, at this point you'd have to consult the pile of ashes.
Preparing to announce a major initiative affecting all USC undergraduates #GREATBIGVIRALNEWS!
Oh, yeah, THAT's true.
Very cool.
I Expect To Be Great !
Sounds like something unfortunate already happened
Oh. Did I mention I was getting a llama? #yolo Haha. Dont even know what im going to so with it.
They look way better in person too
Haha. This is just the beginning of my journey.
I lost my train of thought. But whatever it was, I was excited about it.
Have to Focus on MYSELF,my GOALS,and my FUTURE
Got the sickest farmer tan today! All set for PCB
Died my hair, its so dark it looks black :/
I heard a few weeks back that he didn't have much longer. Could be true
This tweet might get me on to Pinterest finally. . . .
acoustic music/open mic night tonight with Jeordie..9pm come and jam or come hang out and enjoy the music.
i Feel like you and luis (Carlos should get my early bday/christmas present tomorrow...cuz its very important :)
waste of time and money
So I'm finally over the fact that our home sellers were brats. Onward in the search...
Never had that experience -- what's it like?
Dwain T. Pipe and Naughton's are celebrating earth day this weekend at the Tucson Earth Day Festival. How are you celebrating earth day?
I work for Frontier Nursing University (formerly Frontier School of midwifery and family nursing)
Pretty annoying when I hear things about other wrestlers going on media and burying other performers who don't deserve it....
aw:) You're so sweet. It makes me so happy to read things like that!
Marina was going to start dropping boats in early next week, until they heard there was snow in the forecast
No matter how scared I am I know it will all work out.
I been watching Clemson BB since 1976 (freshman yr). Has ever been a good free throw shooting Tiger team?
RT My iPhone Is about to 
Naughton's is thankful for our latest follower Thanks for the support! We're excited as UofA's Nick Johnson after a made 3pt FG!
I vote We have A Kissing Booth On the Cruise ;)
lol. Hell never be as popular as drake tho. But hes deff got more talent
Trivia tonight won't be the same without !! The Advocates will try our very best.
Tonight, we have an Acoustic Guitar player from 7pm to 9pm.
The world is so rich, so forget yourself
Having some difficulties locating the Facebook headquarters with
Good morning! How's everyone doing today?
how long can i go with the alternator light on? it came on last night. i drove to work today-fine. radio cut out when i arrived at work.
Giving a tour of Portland neon signs somehow ended with Karaoke at the Alibi Tiki Bar tonight. :-)
Just boarded the rock flight to KS. Get ready NERDS!!!!
well time to go print to my spanish essay, go get coffee, check out the international festival, then spanish class :)
Who up?
And just when did George Zimmerman began his "uncontrollable" crying??
i have no intrest for its good in all that they pay for schooling or whatever but thats something i dont wanna do
yes, but the case of "the NFL not disclosing the dangers" I don't agree, especially when many guys played since pop warner.
Young & full of uncertainty, Sigma made us grow up fast. And we took responsibility for the growth/wellbeing of every brother we made.
He's cashing in and I can't say I wouldn't in his shoes. On the other hand. If you're rich, make some art.
Classifying generator power sources - Consulting-Specifying Engineer
and it might rain :/
Shouldn't be a problem. ;?]
I hope it blows u away...lol
thanks so much enjoy your day!
Real Hoopers wear Nike socks and Sperrys
Idk If I'll Watch It Tonight :/
lol u feel ya on that
. is pretty sweet, but if gets a desktop app out...
Watching Glen Campbell perform at the Grammys. Go Glen!
Voicing our opposition to gay families we dislike “: Noon rally today in support of #Colorado families against
.. RT : We need some pretty bitches on the cheer leading team
“: Hot about my KD's” bet Nike will do something about it, call em!
Going to attempt to start my professional blog this weekend. On track to building my brand
Thinking about having our oldest daughter try Lacrosse next season. Guess I'll have to let go of the No running with sticks rule.
RT Peter Parker was lucky that radioactive spider bit his hand not his ass or he'd have shot out web every time he farted.
Oh goodness! Sorry! We misread the 1st time thing and thought she was an intern! Please give her our apologies!!
#oomf is cute but i dated her friend.
We had such a great day celebrating your birthday SIR Packy!
hi susan, would you consider writing about the ocean and scuba diving? I have an idea for you.
I guess that is the downside to not living in the city
its me!
Are you watching Felicity? That's when I know I'm very, very far down.
shout to my "friends" who do shit without me.
''I wasn't that drunk.'' Dude you threw my parrot and screamed "Angry Birds.''
I have missed u, big time! Welcome back. I love u man. I hope u notice my tweets and follow me...one day soon:-)
good point
"You have to look at 11 year olds at recess to understand how we make laws." - Paul Keckley
Damn. That HATEFUL Bishop Harry Jackson has really got me fired up tonight! Breathe in. Breathe out. Repeat. Have a mocha. Okay. Better
RT : where else but ? Tickets still available at the door!
how was your trip?? See u back in LA ... Hillbilly haha
Like I said, genuine opportunity for Moscoso. Mets lead #Rockies 2-1 on homer by Duda.
Q7. Your Royal Wardrobe shall consist of...
I just woke from a dream in which I thought Tom Waits and Ron Perlman were the same person (1/2)
Just the beginning...
girl you are hilarious!
If your looking to get in shape this summer for LA pool parties check out easy fitness and see if its a fit for you!!!!
. It's so nice to have you back, you crazy woman, you!
“ Iont think nobody on my timeline is about that 2k life... #anybody”u nt ready
Need a land acquistion specialist for webinar. Pls contact if you have used self directed ira to purchase and sell land deals
The saddest thing in the world, is loving someone who you know loves someone else.Anonymous.
nigga bought one stamp for a dollar today. never again bruh.....
Appreciate yr kind words, ! A pleasure & a privilege 2 meet you & so many wonderful lawyers & judges while writing 4
“Compassion is not religious business, it is human business, it is not luxury, it is essential for our own peace and mental stability, it...
oh man am i sick of #chrome saying... oh snap.. and closing my window. is there a way to fix this?
You're a damn guy, you should NOT take a shower for that long!
I dont have to worry about anything
Studying blows
If I don't get to see this year I think I might kill myself...come to Atlanta please!
SNL with USY #life is good
CIO CG meeting will be friendly. Maybe intimate. Visiting the room now.
You can do it!
thanks bro.
:D thanks! too bad you can't vote ;)
Amanda I'd love to speak with you sometime about Ward 5. Great thoughts on your website!
we will get Justice for Trayvon.. He became the nations son too!! Peace & Blessins.
is this maddy? if so YES BISH I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH!
Still hungry :/
and I decided to keep twitter :)
Very sad RT : Sad story, reporting teen fell through garbage shoot of Gold Coast highrise. Police investigating
Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a Pitcher and Get a FREE Pizza! Also enjoy $2 Guinness Taps and Our 3 for 3 Deal - 3 Miller Shorties for $3!
Always funny when "that guy" in a bradford beach pickup vball game gets serious lol
Pizza or Pasta ? Pasta :) .
Ha! It did go off! Luckily it's just a big red flashing light so it's never annoying & always super fun. Thanks for setting it off!
At Symposium listening to virtual intro by "Let's show the rest of the country how it's done."
I have a cookbook from 1920 with a chapter called "The Sick-room Tray." Recommends using "the daintiest china available."
Bunnies have made a home beneath the pool deck. This is not going to end well from them.
thanks Deuce Lee!!
(( love and peace ))
Thanks to everyone - like - who helped make our Annual Awards Luncheon a huge success. Pics and recap to follow!
If I had a gun, I'd shoot Justin Bieber.
Got so much cute clothes 💋👠🎀🎀
If you're cruising through E. Rochester roll down your window and see if you smell smoke, Good Smoke. Any day now...
Meeting w/ Matt Kano parks Dir. City Of San Jose. Discussing Parks, Trails. Bike Paths
Amazing nite with my best friends
Really liking him...<3
I just killed a huge spider crawling along the floor with my shoe. I don't care how big a spider is, nobody steals my fucking shoe!
There is no escaping from today, is there?
I realized today I'm a hot yogie not a regular yogie :)
Last college final tomorrow, then hello summer.
sweet!! Hope you love it! Take a pic!
RT re Amend1 " Thank you for your efforts as well. Best wishes with your campaign" #nc09 REAL CONSERVATIVE
play Tri-City in game 3 of their Playoff series, we have live reports at 6 and 6:30
Who r u
literally a bunch of south American fags
Good late morning! It's been a Fantastic Week and now for the weekend! T. Gozney Thornton at the Wall Saturday & Football on Sunday!
#LMSunSIG accessibility: until faculty is informed by disability office, faculty is not responsible
Breathe. Tho. RT : i have so much to do Im overwhelmed
“: will do! :))))” Mission Accomplished
I feel sorry for you.
Sure am glad the Mayans figured out what 100s of other civilizations have gotten totally wrong. I'd hate to have to live on with uncertainty
getting dressed
Thanks for getting the word out abt Speak Up for Future Teachers! We greatly appreciate the support!
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning,but anyone can start today and make a new ending
...seriously, why is this so much work?
Plaintiffs' law firm is seeking experienced legal professionals for its personal injury practice. Apply at
you checking out any parties tonight?
Get excited because tonight is the two hour #Glee! Even better: it's Nationals, but most importantly it's written by !
A few nights of no sleep & stress puts me on my death bed for a several days... Worst immune system ever!!! 😖
can u post part 3
that awkward moment when you eat wasabi.
looking for four #cubs tickets on saturday. suggestions/offers?
oh that must have been fun we need to hang out here soon
En mi calle hay muchos semáforos. / There are a lot of traffic lights in my street
Sittin here watchin Nickelodeon wonderin why Spongebob is such a dick.... huh my nieces are not allowed to watch dis show no more.!!
this is awesome.
I'm gonna go stick my hand down my pants and see if it goes somewhere
its 3 in the morning and my friends are sitting in the living room analyzing Harry Potter. meanwhile I'm scrambling to finish hw. effff
I think you landed before that rocket you launched today
Went to see Titanic in honor of the 100th aniversary of the ship sinking....April 15th 1912..
. perhaps he shouldn't tout FNL in his description. Can't wait for the new book though!
My two teams are going to the final four!!!
: did u read the Baird Harper story in your Printers Row yet? Love.
Its truly amazing how individuals just can't take the truth, more so playing lies out until you believe them yourself
Anyone sellin any T-Mobile smart fones ???
hm tour with them in 2013. :) I have tix for their Columbus, Oh date. No wait...tour with and come here..NOW.
These fucking retard hicks on the max are whipping out knives and shit.
Happy First Friday! We have over 77 new artworks on display for our second installation of the Inaugural Exhibition. Come see!
Is there ever going to be a casting call for the next season? I looked & didn't see anything. Thanks :)
Getting ready for a BURNING NIGHT OF JAZZ at my gig: Allerton Hotel 701 N Michigan Ave, Chicago. 7-11pm. No cover, $10 parking validated. ;)
"Today is rich with opportunities and I open my heart to receive them."
Sorry! Account must have been hacked. Password has been changed. Sorry about the confusion!
I can never stand on my two feet and I'm not drunk or anything lolz
Tonight open house from 4pm-7pm See you there!
hope you are having a wonderful holiday season!
Let's not use labels. Use analogies.
Nuts like almonds, hazelnuts and walnuts contain nutrients that help prevent Alzheimer.
Hey Teyana,hw are u ,are you looking 4 tracks @ this time
watching breast reduction Roseanne show ! Lmao
Congrats to all 37 Flyers fans that stayed til the final buzzer.
It's the
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
These Bush-Era kids are so uptight.
Thanks to all my friends today who made me feel better love y'all 
at this place called eclipse up north
Audubon Bluebird House in Cedar WLLNABB
And, chill.
Home... Sleep time
I am a real estate agent working in Manhattan. When you buy, sell or rent with me, I will donate 30% of my fee to your favorite charity.
Train sings the same kind of blues
Hey all you mermaid fans check out my reviews at Clarion and Blue Ink I am in Foreword Magazine!!!
I'm really missing Skylar. The show could use some of her crazy energy right about now.
So who has tickets for #secondcity? Anyone see my #braillecoin?
Action is the antidote to despair.
"Named must your fear be before banish it you can."
Battle of the #Exes premiers 1/25....who do you think is gonna make it far? I'm thinking Emily and Ty. But who knows.
GOOD MORNING BY THE WAY. Although I kno this won't get to you lol still got mad love for u tho 😉
Shoes are my thing, I'm curious to know where does get her shoeesss?! :)
The week is almost over Portland!
+1 RT : Whether you celebrate or not, happy International Hug a Medievalist Day! {♥}
my favorite pair of Jordan's
We are going to New York today because we can!
I don't have a dirty bedroom, I just live in a whimsical world where all my clothing love to play hide-and-seek in garbage.
And so the results are in. You cannot easily determine the cheapest flights to anywhere from your city against a date specific request.
I know you're on dirty 6th
I don't need drugs or alcohol. Music is my addiction.
yeah, why??
Happy Thursday, ninjas! Hope you're reviewing all your self-defense for promo ceremonies next week! Remember.. Use your words!!
Hello to new friends -
RT : Women are the biggest users of social media.
Why is my twitter saying that I unfollowed people when I didn't? Ugh.
Nice catch!
Loves being early..
Queers for Fears #replacebandnameswithlesbian yea not fav trend.
t Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 514: Bar that will serve the Caipirinha prepared with Cachaça Velho Barreiro
no hun i live n tennessee, hbu
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
so um guess what... I forgot my phone and I don't have to test today...
Like Nixon's secret plan to end viet nam war, Romney's immigration policy is also a secret. Elect him and find out what it is
My phone is ALWAYS dead.
Nothing like hearing my voice being blasted out across the empire polo field by
The wrinkles were caused by the expanding and contracting of the c.1910 cellophane they were encased in; now to flatten
New SNOCLOTHING Shirts coming soon
Perfect RT : AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU TONIGHT. AND I FUCKIN NEED YOU MORE THAN EVER.
that's probably why net meeting and adobe connect have been promoting hard to consumer markets lately!
Anyone using Flipboard?
I have a guy coming by a 6 to pick up something I'm selling. You still going to be there?
Hi Tweeters just got in from work was n e one hurt in the D C shooting I hope not. What is wrong with people today?
Are you satisfied where you are as a photographer?
I'm spending my Saturday with a bunch of 18 year olds making a movie in a bowling alley. Flashback to the Cinema Floor!
Funny...the Weather Channel rarely actually talks about weather. This morning they're playing Password. Weird.
The Johnston Spies are everywhere! Luckily, they use their powers for good.
Taemin looking totally HOT I want to take him to my room and teach him a few things HOT DAMN boy!!!
Stop talking-start doing!
I'm done.
That blows my mind.These machines are something else.
Kobe hot!! This won't happen next game
the one who claims miracles but runs a magnet school
YES WORLD!! JESUS CHRIST DOES LOVE YOU!!!
Didn't you say that last year too? No wonder your invite keeps getting lost in the mail :)
hey friend
do you think I like YC
Nice to hear from you!
oh. Okay.
nice! I watched it while on a plane flying to Tokyo. Good airplane movie.
Gaddafi would have a real problem using twitter!
left Panama today, Neptune Day tomorrow, Galapagos Islands the next! Too fun. cc:
Great time at RPM (Reconnection Prayer Meeting). Somethings moving, somethings shaking! New season!
Do you believe in the theory of evolution?
parents are already planning on going. It's about an hour 15
thank you!
But I am VERY jealous you'll be seeing Kathy in a few days.
Dr.Small, I'm so focused love u
: We'll be appearing in the show Sat May 26 :-)
If you could change anything about your teeth, what would it be?
In bham eatin with the fam I really don't get to see them, feels good to kick it with them. Had to take them to a 5 star restaurant
we are in there!
Louisiana 4th of July weekend # excited
That poll is more accurate than people know.. James from Plano, Tx.
So glad a guy with an already established career in the music industry working w/ one of the biggest artists in the biz won #thevoice. : |
Good things on the to-read list: The Women of Berkshire Hathaway by and (way unrelated) Saga #2 by Vaughan and
Earth&#39;s Most Precious Places
sure, but so it's OSU's job to search a player's @'s and make sure no douchebag is tweeting him?
NFL is so overproduced for TV now. It's been years since I watched. Time to dial it back. No pro player should have to make those lame poses
One of my best friends was in the audience & found the entire evening absolutely stunning. Thank you for your passion, Yo Yo!
“: I like my men like I like my "I like my men like I like my coffee" jokes: unoriginal, yet self-referential.”
Who has no arms, no legs and hangs on your wall? Art.
Hah. She can't win - pisses off Silicon Valley or Hollywood. Guess SV won't be contributing in 2016.
Wonderful Photo. U should have a contest so people can win 1.
So there's like a 99% chance you want get a text from me . Lol
Family Guy
You think I don't hear what you say...? I do
Call 321.287.0670 for table reservations. They are selling out fast! $100 bottles of Ciroc all night long #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
i agree, a lot pro's and Con's
Finished up the Spokane Shock Dance Team Photoshoot.
Follow Me Back?(:
When my 3 year old is around it's like playing 21 questions without a turn. Back to Back to Back.
If there were 28hrs in the day, it would help me a lot.
Loved #BillMaher on #PiersMorgan last night!
Dude good stuff. I listened to your show for a little while :)
they got VIP?
but she'll LOVE it.
haha that avi is the greatest. follow back
I'm upset i had to leave my friends :(
Well, I'm cleaning again! Wonderful. :| x
Plugging into house PA = less sweating carrying speakers for me!
lets just say your one of a kind :] ♥ ♥ ♥
Morning tweets have a safe and blessed Thursday
Thanks for sharing the cute pic!
Everything is about growing and learning
It's always my pleasure to tweet out your posts :-)
And you can't be a hater if you wanna be a teacher/coach. Lol
Omg did you see him thrust? :D
depends how passive aggressive you are. ;)
Gov. Perry has just announced Apple will build a new $304 million campus in #Austin. The new facility will create 3,600 jobs.
thanks. Love me some Las Americas.
maybe . Sam might be comin ova after her graduation though
When you refer to "cheap ass" hotel are referring to a) "By the Hour, b) "Dead Bodies & Police Tape" OR c)"Lousy & Crappy w/BedBugs
Bike tuned...new pedals...60º forecasted in KC tomorrow!!
Our friends in Wolves At The Gate just released a killer music video check it out! Also go and 'like' Amurica Fest!
if that's not heavy metal, I don't know what is.
Tf Yu Mean Yu Don't Want Grilled Cheese Two Nights In A Row...? Shit Yu Aint Hungry Then.
what is it then?!?
Did u just RT your own tweet....?
The Used's song I Come Alive has been on repeat all day.
RT for a shout out(:
Hey Annabel! Thanks for following us. We followed back.
