I'm trying to figure out what principle underlies your argument. Rape is not to be discussed except by licensed professionals?
Saxon Pub. Hill Country Live Showcase. If you're anywhere else tonight, you're not at
Good Morning! It's supposed rain today! Bring it on, we're so ready for some rain! Only 5 more days til we're leaving for Caribbean!
“: Can't even play pandora or pay Online cuz the Internet is with the cable!!!!! Lol classic!” Looks like your phone has Internet
Not too sure how I feel about Lou Reed recording an album with Metallica. First blush: disbelief / confusion. Now: Intrigue.
“: Cannot think about the great Dick Clark w/out childhood memory of Danny and the Juniors At The Hop” Mine is Sam the Sham!
36 hours ago I was 40 feet away from usher..
Sipping on a glass of wine...Thinking
Now I'm actually getting hungry.
60° @ 5:30 this morning ...fired up the wide glide went to work.....what was I thinking....why did I stop....oh yeah...fucking money!!! \m/
Strange night tonight. Eerily calm and warm
oh yeah fa sho
Two bitches.
Getting drunk :) with the nigs
Yea I think I can fix it up for you... ;)
Thanks(: Austin is following me already tho. I always forget. Hahaha :D
Some guy dies at a strip club... :o man that sucks
good luck, Eddie!
People only bring up your past because they're intimidated by your present.
Girls has the worst sex scenes of all time.
Happy Thursday! Enjoy your day...SMOOCHES!!
i havent been on here in forever! wassup mahomies? :) -Melanie
in Syracuse for the *last* of my library school classes... social networking for libraries starts tomorrow!
i know... it's terrible. Let's cross our fingers for this weekend.
RT : So good! RT : I forgot how good the food at is.
no thats raw
Hey Ed! Hear you were at Ryan today. Hope all is well.
If you could re-form Evolution....
We have a new product we are about to launch, would love some feedback. www.greengridpartners.com/colderflow
First draft is next week! Mentally I'm already there!
Take in, assimilate, release! Thank you
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! GET 5000 FULL COLOR POSTCARDS FOR ONLY $175> CALL 1-800-PRINTING
whatever , Ig hater . On another one today
I know one thing.... Miami dont wanna see San Antonio!...
Great appointments!
“ Disinfect your life of negative ppl, habits, conversations, & relationships. Time for spring cleaning. ~ #TheSW”
No mug. Been resold to some other chump. :(
DEADLY CRASH: OR 47 closed 4 miles south of Vernonia, detour in place
Had I seen this 14k tweets ago, I might have made an about face. I'm afraid it's too late for me. All others, save yourselves!
The Knicks & Bulls too 😂 RT : I'd be willing to bet I'm the only NBA player that bow fishes
Ah, I like that turn of phrase.
thanks u too!!
Boo. I was betting on dollar store brand. RT : Not real. RE: Morgan's grape soda
#whereveryouaretour ! Who's excited?! :)
Headed to the crib done wit work
probably including your own Mama....you couldn't do it with your own sperm, vause you have no balls (OSU boy)
Your English is really good. "What we learn with pleasure we never forget" A. Mercier You seem to enjoy learning English.
I absolutely do not have a problem with beliebers following me, but there is one rule that err'one follows.... No hate.
Woolard: Reading David Hondula's email.
Congrats to for being the Adelbert Parris Scholarship winner of 2009. Thanks for following!
good! it's going better now that I've regained focus .... Only tweeting to you, u should feel special lol
You just RT'ed your candidate Kenyan's post from his personal and campaign accounts. My way can't be that off right? Have a good 1
If my computer runs any slower I'm going to have to start calling it "Matt"
Ouch my atoms!
Vitamin C (strawberries, broccoli) and green tea are our friends in the battle of the bulge. Both help to break down fat!
Who knows. He may be back.
las vegas lol
I had to watch the replay to be sure RT Let's just forget I briefly had a heart attack thinking Gomez didn't touch the plate
i got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these hoes keep grinding on me
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
Thanks to for the follow! Ask us about GeoFencing. Communicate with customers when they enter your parking lot via mobile.
Staff of University of Delaware English Language Institute enjoyed #nafsa10! More use of social media on the way--very exciting times!
Thanks! Hope you explore the code more, and feel free to ask questions of and
RT: "No one would ever have crossed the ocean if he could have gotten off the ship in the storm."-Charles F. Kettering
If you want to NOT get something done form a committee or commission a study. Sounds like the DC Ethics Bill.
Enjoy! We hope you have a great time with
no ea framework that will cause the unimaginative to innovate.
WHERE DANGER LIVES--the perfect movie for Arizona haters.
RT : RT : Seniors, don't forget baby pictures are due tomorrow!! ☺
thanks..:) i love italy..i'm from LA..:)xx
Yo, you better be in Eugene soon!
Every week, I make the same joke in Zumba. I introduce the class, thank them for coming, then say "ok, great class, bye!" they never laugh
I know that feeling! lol
who is paying for boatwright's attorney?
Junior Lieutenant Beefheart
recalling the time Bart thought George Washington Carver was "the guy who carved up George Washington."
#10FactsAboutMe 6) I always do my best at everything whether I'm good at it or not. I expect the same from everyone. Anything less kills me.
tweets are in this corner
They were right in my face and didn't know what in hell the numbers were
WMYB was just playing at my dentist office..And my nurse lady was singing along she said her favourite is Harry Styles ;)
My dads day gift... Another 24 of the flu. I would have preferred the lame tie
forgotten about that photo! Will make sure sees it :)
Packing for along trip to vegas
RT : How much is HC effected by lang & cultural diff? It is a huge issue in the medical field. Contact me and let's talk…
Kevin Harvick celebrated his big NASCAR win, Sunday night by going down a giant water slide in his wife's panties & bra ... #nowthat'sclass
SHOUT Out To ALL My Followers! #MUCH LUV
4 team monster tease for the early games - over clem/mia, BC, Bama, Navy. That's chicken right there
Powers out again. Stupid Freakin Storms.
Congrats!! Is there a digital version?
Having one of those talks with Dennis ... again
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Oklahoma City!
Rain rain go away! But at least it's 60 degrees today. Gotta love NC weather.
How are you going to make your mark on the world? Start with your passion and your values and let them lead you.
You don't like Josh? Oh, I'm sorry, could you repeat that? I couldn't hear you over the thousands of girls screaming his name!
Thanks, but it doesn't feel like it.
F in Biology test, F in warm up, phone got taken away.
Lol she said im a twitterho
I'm glad you came <3
yes it was a hard hit but I think he exaggerated a tad
PickUpLine: Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under
Walking to work, great idea. Walking to work in worn down chuck taylors
now if they say your full address call the police . . .
You don't know him like I do.
Dear #Bosu ball makers: Never thought I'd be so up close and personal with a variety of oversized kickballs in my life.
omgoodness you are one lucky lady ;)
ahh...yea thats not good my mama , step mama,and step daddy smoke...
#whenitwascoolto shuffle... wait people still do that
Watching "The Way We Get By" and keep bursting into tears.
Do you feel me on the whole Kristen Stewart pain too? From what I can tell girlfriend not only can't act but has no personality?
lucky you. I have had far too many lately. Spam followers too. Darn.
Commentpress would be great--awesome suggestion, thanks!
I'm gonna run #baytobreakers this year. For real.
Just saw Think like a man...f u n n y movie!
I survived an earthquake?
Is it safe to say you have joined the left??? Could you really vote for mittens?
An obstacle is something you see when you take your eye off the goal.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROBIN! hope it is absolutely fabulous :)
Oh, your reading the 3rd Hunger Games Book? You must read all the time
"I was a 2 and 1/2 tool player" - Mike Lowell - I LOVE this guy - Week after week best interview of the week.....
Thanks for the #FF love!
hope you are having fun! miss you :)
Can the rangers just win please🙏
"Dude, you are a straight misfit and I love it."- Response from an EWU employee after I said I'd miss an hour of class to help w/ his panel
He's right it's not.
Yeah lot of folks don't know I'm a sound guy & got to play with the toys the double 'Lexicons'
I suck at scramble with friends, so if you want an easy win find me
"Just stop worrying." That never works. So keep worrying and stop it.
Dang it!! We are starting out freaking DBQ next hour! -__-
Just one more fight about your leadership and I will straight up leave your shit cause I've had enough of this!
haha we have to have an existential crisis too? I'll add that to my list, right below "for the love of God, write more"
Perks of Being a Wallflower is next on my list of books to read/purchase
texting my man and watching bgc
cool, will drop you an email in the morning.
How can u Track a Iphone if its Lost Um???
askk ..maybe she would know lol
I'll come get you.
damn i been tryna figure out for the longest why And
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. -Charles Dickens
Water Gun fight With the guys... They're seriously wetting up my hair and butt. It sucks being the only girl. I need back up!
thanks 4 the followback! if you need shears or sharpening call text or tweet! my new webstore will be up very soon!
Happy Easter Rasheed!!!!
RT : Our Re:tail Thrift & Consignment Shop has moved! Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand Re-Opening.
I was so embarrassed for Don Draper.
Flavors of Philly Food Tour through the end of April
:D How are you?:3
I'm tearing my ASS to sleep I can't afford another fight on my heart -_-
The Pacers really are an underrated team so I understand why Ralfy is going for them.
I know huh
When is gonna b in #vegas. cause i live about 6 hours away. my mom says she wont take me..but the world will hate me if dont..
I just find it impossible to write well when putting in tons of OT at work! stress at work+stress about not writing= O_o
I don't get why Zuch couldn't come to NYC for anouncement of massive new offices. The mayor and US Senator came?
I weighed in and gained 2 lbs.
Looks like Mariano Rivera tore his ACL chasing a fly ball in batting practice for Yankees. Thats not good
You bet!
you should look in to the 5% mathematics it's pretty interesting
hey to u
Want to learn about #RelationshipDevelopmentInvervention? We are offering education courses online and in person!
Who needs $500 mil when you can listen to all the Justin Bieber you want for free on Spotify?
349: Thank God THAT'S over. (But I am pretty grateful to work with a team full of awesome.)
Lung is good and I'm able to work out now! Thanks for all the support everyone!
This dude Nick Swardson is hilarious
Know what space your community wants to engage in. Is that Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, YouTube, other?
Dear migraine: you have horrible timing.
i hope so too! it's been a little too long since we've come to Orlando!
Thinking about hitting Wrigley for the 1st time this year on my next day off.
My editor + I chose the same breakfast off a 10-pg menu. Gotta love like-mindedness!
- Who cares? He'll never win an NBA title with that mentality.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting. - Buddha
oh not NOW! lol
Another day, another home inspection.
#ThisSummerImTryna spend money and travel nonstop
things to do in wichita ks
"Some of this has to do with the corrosive influence of money in politics." #sotu Money and politics go hand in hand... this needs to stop!
Hey RT : Hi everybody :)
This #Cubs lineup, offensively..is uglier than grandmas panties. I'm fairly confident I could bat cleanup for them and no one would notice.
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work.
Yes! RT : We know agrees RT If In-N-Out started charging $50 for a chezburger I would be sad but understand
Mitt said he is not “concerned about the very poor.” I wonder if he would be if he was?
God it's good to hear your voice.
Barca coach leaving
I have not changed, I just need to disappear a bit ... I would come back
It's 's fault that I just inhaled a bag of sour path kids and a bag of gummy worms. Why did you let me but them?!? Haha
Marriott delray. VERY nice. Very nice.
I hate waiting on ppl
I'm gonna have to third that!! Come to us right meow!!
follow your nose? haha
I should go somewhere nice to grade...
you would! You do realize ur the wackadoodle king pin right!?!
Sobriety check point on 95 near king street.
o/h stat last wkk that avg person carries 3-5 devices today. At #IntelIT we see diff usages demand diff devices. PC alive/well.
no I was talking about me lol.
Howard Jacob presenting about sequencing and personalized medicine
Weird--> RT : Thank you to our dedicated public employees in WI! We appreciate your hard work and sacrifice.
Big THANK YOU to our hosts and our sponsors at You guys are the cat's meow!
hahaha. I washed them :)
oh my sons bday party next month at metro beach on 16 mile if you wanna come :-)
Cant wait to see my dog and guitar!
Might take an ice bath tonight. I'm feeling like I need one.
God won't give u more than u can handle carry these boulders,give it all I got untill I get older,
I HOPE WE CAN APPRECIATE THE SUPERBOWL WIN NOW! I BE LISTENING TO U ON D LIST.
"Relationships fail not because they are destined to fail. They failed because one of the two or both, made a choice to give up"
Cool , Cool do you work?
no he was too cool for school I guess.
Fantastic performance last week! Thanks again for stopping by!
misses me awww
It's also NDAA, HR 347, voting that employers can demand FB pw's--all in the last few months.
In early June, 1807 USS Chesapeake encounters HMS Leopard off VA. British demand the right to board looking for deserters.
Fun times with :)
Meeting over
THAT DOCTOR LOOKS MEAN!! WHY WOULD HE SAY THAT 2 U!??
can't wait to watch! :)
mother of god... So it begins
omg are you selling those?! 😱
I cannot deal with people who only want to get stuff quick when I'm worried about building things that last...THIS AINT GONNA WORK!!!
Frozen custard what.
when are you NOT moving tho??
Q: what is the role of patient advocates?
you're pretty sexy.
but we never said you was a HOE ! your assuming. we was just telling you how we felt.
How can I not have known that Google ownes YouTube?
Yesterday I tilled a large patch of yard by hand, with a shovel. Good to do manual labor after sitting & thinking so long.
man that video fast lane is dope. Where didi you shot it at?
ROBERT HERE!! retweEt IF ya AiNT REadY TO Go BACK T O SChooL!?! DOWN WITH TWINKES
Just starting "The Shadow of the Wind" by Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Listening to and talk with Nick Johnson of on
Too many others agree with #prdude They definitely need to evolve their thinking.
When a fire truck is charged with violating civil rights, you can rest assured that people will be videotaping them too
you are an amazing guy... I wish I could tell you in person but I know you'll never give me a chance...
winner of the obscure WWE reference from 1990s
Gorgeous drive to Vancouver BC to watch Aaron speak on a panel at the ASIS&T National Conf. Wish I could attend the conf, but work calls.
Want to succeed against the competition? Make your #purpose; make your #vision different.
ok I have NO idea what you drew! Lol
'I only wish it was true, and you were incarcerated.'
"You don't go from one to a million followers in a day"
HOLY SHIT IT WAS INSANE.
surprising I wouod have expected you to have a black book of #bbc on demand
Got a new cat(: with and !
Thanks for spreading the word about #BeerTAG!
- meant: misses. Still, I hope you've been good.
a fire engine called "Tender 4." Tender for whom? Is this a Prince song I haven't heard?
:'] Lol. Im sorry! But that is awesome. Ahah. And yeah I can't wait for Thanksgiving ^_^ Happy 11/11/11
You supposedly go to church but you out here acting like you got no sense & no class? Yea ok.
But seek his kingdom, and these things will be given to you as well. (Luke 12:29-31 NIV)
HELLO TROPHY fans!! We wanted to thank all the bands, DJ's, MC's, and comedians who came to perform at the Trophy Club Austin. Much Love
"People don't buy what you do, they buy why you do it." Great point by of on building brand advocates
Can someone kick Merril Hoge in the head for me?
Mom thought today was the 1 hour delay, when it wasn't. And I knew it wasn't. Guess who got an extra hour of sleep
I'm clicking through your links and your mobile stories are not working...Android based.
good advice. don't want to over-jam too quickly.
Lyrical Trilogy climbig up the reverbnation charts. Check out hit That's not hip hop!!!!!!!!!!!!
have you stopped by their booth. And checked out what they offer at their resort.
Everything offends me. Therefore, I offend everyone.
Hey hello you can not come to Palermo? Please twt **.
Huge game tonight! GO CATS! Rangers-Ott game last night was super, too.
#worldfest this upcoming Sunday 5/19th We'll be there! Will you?
haha aww well you know now! :))
They're gonna have to name the love baby Mercedes...
I forgot how long mass transit takes.
Quick Daily Survey: Who do Denver restaurants use for their accounting? CPAs, Managers or Quicken?
yes, I'm watching! Yes we can!
I mean an he a dumbass for even posting that on there like I would never have the thought to even t Post sumthing like that
The division leaders get the top 3 spots.
Ching looks so much better without that beard. So glad that stadium got built, ! :D
Racism is simply a pretense. The truth is that we are all madly in love with one another.
Obama backtracks on Catholic issue. Sounds like semantics in his speech.
For 2 tix to the game today: What #Cavs record did set in Jan of this yr, & on what date did he set it? (be descriptive)
Come on, Crew!!! Focus n let's win this one!!! Stressful game....SMH!!!
This Grizzlies Vs Clippers score can't be real...
That freestyle you did on Loui pg tho. OMG! >>>>>>>>
looking forward to seeing you at ! xoxo
Whether you're celebrating graduation, Cinco de Mayo, the Derby, or just another Saturday -- Remember to play it safe, party animals!
Too many things to choose. Text me before you come and we'll send you some of my fave's! Kobe sliders and tuna poke r up there
oh hang in there, waiting is poetry, if you do it right
tortilla soup at Frontier, pizza and beer at Saggios, I'm so glad to be back, especially after a 2500 miles drive
Only if I have dark-rimmed B/C glasses to move this campaign forward.
Guess whos not Going to sleep Till 12 again cause she procrastinates to much THIS GIRL :/
During parking lot road head be cautious of speed humps.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
Congrats to all the teams great to meet awesome ppl! Shout out to the man ! Thanks 2 him & organizers
lol my bad broski, at least I made it look bad ass
RT : Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
Get ready for the update video tomorrow! We have great news to announce.
I'm just confused-- the world knows that women are people too? Sometimes it seems like no. And eff Rush.
I'm back on the path of exercise! It's summer again =) time to shed those winter pounds and jiggles!
U can't save ur due wen ur due is dead! -theajzone
>>since replacing our old windows (thanks to a Reduce Your Use Grant from the PNM Fund), we've seen nearly a 3% reduction in kWh use!
Christianity needs a "Jack Hanna" type tv show to help kids learn not only about bible but all the missions and outreach around world
i just unfollowed alot ppl now my twitter messing up, well they wasn't following me bck
So far gone -j boog
Congrats to Sarah Peckenpaugh for winning our Academy Awards Contest & a $100 Eat Out In Gift Certificate! Thanks to all who entered.
I need clear clear skin tips!
I tweeted too fast....
you met Haden?? I'm very jealous right now.
C U soon! #ChopInspiration Twitter party w at 7p ET! Win prize packs including coupons & new Weber grills!
that is great! Thanx
ah, but did you evolve wanting to do that?
I just love getting hot guy's numberrs! Lol, :)
How is #Evernote better than other social media? Seems very similar to several.
they look good!
I wanna beat the pussy up up up up
I ♥ EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! (':
Some people look so dirty.
Don't you mean Nancy DruPaul? :)
the flyer says 8 but I'm driving straight up after class, why don't you come to the one tomorrow at respects its closer
Hate the new bobby.
: thank u for following me, I'll follow u too.have a good day.
OXY MO: MUTED SOUND
welcome back we missed you:)
is that a serious question or a Sting and The Police reference?
I would think the advertisers would need to do an ad that was actually engaging in the first place to engage in return.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
yeah but how quick does Giroux go skate, stick, five-hole... I agree, but Claude is filthy. Bryzgalov is not so good.
Omg Jocelyn is always taking off her diapers and leaving them everywhere!
thanks for having us last night! You guys killed it!!
Fighting the urge to text you 😳
Not till Monday! You might have to schlep out to Hillcrest for one before it's too late :P
where are you currently living?!?!
Kick ass! “: About to be on with my peeps from WOOT! #ThePitchFKM”
Colosus is the hottest rapper in Miami. If you haven't heard him, please check him out.
We have no air conditioning. It's 90 degrees. Pleasant.
A 5yr old told me tonight that I need to work at a grocery store so I can make tons of money:)
Marcia Clark is here!
I spy at #CovertTU!
If you can't understand someone's side of things. It's this simple. Just put yourself in their shoes...
I'm so excited! I have no idea what this means!
makes me cry sometime with the things he do to me 
Anytime you want to meet me (aka ) I'm all yours. Until then....
I hope this is our Wendy <3
if you have a Google account...Blogger - another one is Tumblr...but is a bit more advanced.
it doesn't take very much.
Attn PDX people: come to valentines tonight!. Dj friends wit skills. By voodoo donuts on burnside
(2/2) Blue Chip winners con't: , Ali Donohue, and Maggie Kimball. Congrats!
It sounds good when you turn it up loud
And yet I would have thought if you're watching on NFLN, you probably already know about games on Thursday nights.
But in this volatile GOP race, we've been here before
you know the Rox r bad when the hometown announcer says no one on team is deserving of all-star appearance
I've been eating WAY too much celery lately
Shorten periods :)
Vodka from the bottle. It's that kind of night.
Aww. Ur awesome. Talk to you later bro.
I'm glad she has responded to you. I agree that you should not vote for Shade.
Dang thats Scandales ! (: any whoo Girl watch me get some jeff When i see them ! (: lmfaooooo but umm what prince say?
It's just the fact that you walk away like you just don't care man, w/ a big ass smirk on yo' face. -_-
Lol you are not 5'4! Im only 5'2 and we were like the same height
#followalibrarian because she's saucy.
The start of my week begins today! Oh baby here comes the Masters!!
i got my hair cut like 8 weeks ago - but i'm addicted to the Aveda smells. :)
We will be at tomorrow launching our first kbc affiliate that is a first crossfit and functional training center! First of many
discusses #TextsFromHillary and that only she and the United States can get away with it
Who can you trust if not yourself
loved you on The Middle but miss you on GLEE!!!
DNA of the #scratch game? Giving credits to our influences #dml2012 say something nice! They will say it to you
Air conditioning in mid-March? Just can't do it,
Cant wait on this natural hair man
French Meetup tonight!
Yes, there are a lot of ads. Companies pay millions for those commercials.
Is in the mood for justice.
Everybody follow NOW lol
welcome back
you are EVIL!!!!
Great PT Alumni event tonight! Great to see my old PT, who taught me how to walk again 8yrs ago, Mike Vito and meet 100 more alums
At the cowboys game GO COWBOYS
Why is this nigga's shirt so tight??? Lol
Decided I'm going to make a 13x18 print of a hubble photo tonight. Haven't decided which one.
tis true. I had a dream me and you took a picturein the mirror,wearing bandanas and captioning the picture"bout to work out"
<3 i don't understand why people like me. but i love you and this is my valentines day status. thanks for being there and loving me,ily2!<3
Start small, pick a measure that is relevant and make sure to tell everyone about your successes.
i really need to talk to Destosaur and Coley!!
copyright shmopyright... I'll get this remix posted again ASAP.
Thank you as well!
What, you mean you don't like The Hills theme song?
RT ": ain't said shit since he said the heat was straight. Hahahahahahha"
Just had lunch on an outdoor terrace. In the warm sunshine. In Seattle. In February. Amazing.
I have absolutely nothing to say. There I said it!
It's only bc I have a great trainer :) RT That's what we like to hear!
I wish at the soccer game right now
Thanks for RT & email! Will be in touch with more info. : )
"Mom! Is it morning? I thought the night skipped a little bit." Me too, son. Me too.
yeah it was hissing at me so i hissed back and it came after me. Its fucking crazy
To anyone that has tried to buy Clay's CD from www.claymcclinton.com and got an error message PLEASE TRY AGAIN. The issue has been fixed.
The last hair cut I got was Dec 2000..until tonight that is
Jlo has such a nice body for an old broad
get it get it get gurl 👧 haha
Someone hacked my account. Sorry about that
One bad ass----- can spoil the whole bunch. ;)
its fruity its so fruity
Tough, but Duke just choked (no thanks to refs) so I'll trade the unfortunate for jubilance! That's
your Transformers 3D review on the podcast is spot on.
Yes!>>RT : Truth RT : Discipline from fitness spills over in to every aspect of your life.
Stoked to talk #socialcrm with the #socialsjsu tonight. Thanks for having me and ping me with any questions here!
Pick up your yellow coupon book at any participating store and start saving today! Spend $50 at any Maui Mall and receive a FREE gift!
I guess we should say "au revoir" to Sarkozy. Socialist candidate Hollande wins election.
Thank you Americas community center for your invitation, great audience and participation
#MLBTVme It has to be the kiss cam, the wave is just a sign of fan boredom and should be banned!
you're not allowed to be having fun in class!!! lol!
when your trying to be serious and you laugh.
Jeter's performance yesterday was no fluke. His swings looks good and the balls he hit were with authority. He's found it again
its makin me mad and i aint even playin nor are they my team
Alternative energy sources reduce the volatility of energy prices by weakening the link between electricity and oil prices.
Haha I'm feeling better, how are you doing?
he looks ready to party. or like he did last night and is regretting it today...
do you think you got robbed of a 2nd homer last night. From where I was sitting 3rd baseline i never lost site behind the pole
Did you see our interview with in ?
Had a great time a Genghis Cohen tonight! Saw enjoying some Chinese food. Come check out the show next time Bill!
did you see it?
i love thunderstorms. :)
citrus and pomegranate green tea :)
Marino? Farve? Young? Aikmen? Montana? Trust me, I am not basing this on my opinion or emotion, but history, stats, facts.
my biggest fear is to not live up to my moms expectations
if you're lost and you're tiree, if you brokn in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.
seriousness going on..
Last night was amazing!!! Tavoria showed up and showed out!!! I hope y'all are ready.
going to dinner at 7... Maybe printers alley after???
the shade of it all, im sure that will be a rule next year no phone calls to kicked off members
Apparently the climate in Richmond is pretty ideal for long-term storage of books; they chose it over other places (e.g. desert)
Its more of an optical illusion standing next to Eli.
indeed bruh we are the Trailblazers
is there a workshop tonight?!
One day im gonna look #YOLO right in the face a say .... Screw u My friends r crazy
Cultural-heritage peeps! Making a wordle of fave Twitter tools/apps for AAM talk, what's yours?
Headed To a Chelsea Studio in NYC to shoot the upcoming MOTIONLESS IN WHITE's music video in which I will be a Roman Warrior.
Well, I was thinking you could take her to the beach and demonstrate Sensa-free danceability, but that's good, too.
I barely lost.lol
Wow a cool breezy night in Dallas, I'm feelin something in the air.
Katy Tackett / - see you soon.
great examples, but where's Founder's Hall, Girard College Phila., PA?
& Thanks for including Ss in the Nobel Laureate summit today. It brought our class to life.
wait, make you a bicycle or a clown? use commas woman!
"Our choice is between the politically dangerous, and the politically spineless".......-Cornel West
get that swine. Yum
Guys who play the drums with gloves on...Suspicious.
Hi Rosie Gary Schaeffer here. I am doing a new Outer Space Men Graphic novel; would you like to be in it? enjoy the summer, Gary.
Built a list of "I should've seen these movies by now" movies. Starts tonight with The Graduate.
Saw 5 troopers on 52 this morning...Yup patrol is definitely ramped up today!
oh my goodness u done got sexier..i mean u looked gud beforre now i just gorgeous
Best Chef MidAtlantic is - Honor Latino!!
I took a minus, now the hard times are behind us, turned it to a plus..
American Asshole represent in this one. HA, LOVE!
AND a light light light pink bandanna too.
Flying to #SanFrancisco to shoot news footage for www.counsyl.com .
great seeing you both as well! Hope you enjoyed...bringing the beard back real soon! Feels weird.
Postcard from Raleigh Diocese telling me to vote for Amendment 1. Money well spent, Church. No need to feed hungry. (Never going back, pt 2)
Our likes are at an unlucky number! Somebody else like our band! lol
RT : This is my first mother's day as a stepmama. And the kids don't even hate me yet! [obviously you're not doing it right LOL]
applied for three jobs today.
Visiting the home town and doing some work and seeing some of la familia at the famous El Rancho Grande
it's true! Makes the world go round lol
David Simon says if crime drops by 20% all along the east coast, it's not because all the mayors figured it out, it's a switch to heroin.
Happy Easter!!! Hope you're having an awesome day today :)
PLAESE PLEASE PLEASE MAKE ME SMILE ¿¡¿¡¿ Ari I would exlpode:-)
There's something tragic about advocating for less drinking but....yes
Ugh back 2 the work :-(
It helps to just sit back and listen
I did 5 new estimates this week, I am doing 10 next week, one could be for you!!
she was drinking a leinekugels in a Heineken plastic cup? Very classy.
WHERE U GO TO SCHOOL AT?
If #labor hopes to reignite youth activism in the movement, digital outreach and fundraising can't be seen as a line-item investment
dare you to move. <3
Not even the one in Lake George or Disney World?
I love the sci-fi channel, but some of the movies are so stupid.
Go to iTunes and get album #TabloidTruth. While ur there cop the single ft
C'mon Vernon. Act like you've been there, because you have.
Today’s big surprise – this script is funny!
doing everything we can to be better twitter friends... so HEY! THANKS FOR RAGING LAST NIGHT!
James Cameron backwards!
R u watching raw tonight ?
I thoroughly enjoyed reading Mr. Holmes' recent memoir of your early acquaintance and eagerly anticipate PIRA!
I met this weekend at Icon studios in ATL real, real cool.
Rest in Peace to Junior Seau. My heart aches for his mother. He was a great athlete in the NFL.
enjoying a beautiful morning with india.arie
Anyone have any experience working in a student union (operations)? What can you tell me about it?
"I'm Always In Lau" - Wilco
-- Beanie and Wells made the top 16
yes. Sigh. At least it's to a cool city. Not as cool as NYC. ;)
Let's hope not!!! RT From experience? RT : Dating someone in your ward is like peeing in a pool....
im taking it that u took my advice ehhhh;)
Thanks. Shouldn't you be in a golf course?
don't ask me any questions you don't want to hear the answers to...
thank you so much! I'm really happy you are enjoying it
Aw thanks Jamie, you too! To be honest I am counting down the days till June 14. When do you move? We should meet beforehand
MT : : Source close to #WVU's coaching staff on DC Jeff Casteel: "He's gone."
I wanna make love.(:
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination." - Tommy Lasorda
let me figure out my sched & I'll let you know. ( cc )
YOUR MY DEVIL, YOUR MY ANGEL, YOUR MY HEAVEN, YOUR MY HELL, YOUR MY NOW, YOUR MY FOREVER
Gifted children, accompanied by a multitude of performers, sing, dance and drum to the beat of Langston Hughes' song-play this Dec. 17-19.
I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills. Know what happened? I ate faster. —– Joe E. Lewis
Theres a song that goes ''i dont want this nite to end'' but today ''i dont want this DAY to end!! D': RememberTrust
I hope Apple accelerates opening use of siri to medical education beyond Wolfram collaboration; great potential good
Blessed is the man who always fears the LORD, but he who hardens his heart falls into trouble. Proverbs 28:14
In a good mood. I really want to learn more about all the military branches. Wished I could join the navy.
": " the most fun we ever had was during the downpour when Smarty Jones won
Going to NY in August
Haha you are very funny :)
Couldn't agree with you more.
Not heard anything about the video I sent in last week.
Please do come visit us at the #WPSA book exhibit (3/22-25), as we'll have a selection of new books in international political science.
Cannot wait to see your face again tomorrow night...
who's the first driver to go out on slicks?
Ohh, , I guess my 100 votes, 2 downloads, and 10 online votes was only good enough for 3rd place. :( You're still 1st in my book<3
40 fashion students who designin all my merchandise. & she hella shallow damn, she could be my perfect wife. this is for my hos
Yes! has the right idea.
So you needed my gold high tops?
Thank you and same to you. Hope we can help support your cause in some way.
"If two of you on earth agree about anything you ask for, it will be done for you by my Farther in heaven." Matthew 18:19
New icon ♥
it was an #awesome message tonight at #epic! Well done!
Former Tabloid Boss Brooks Faces Phone Hacking Charges
At Cesar Chavez Foundation dinner w/ Si Se Puede Learning Center, which helps K-6 graders living in
you know there is an only 2hrs away from LaX, right? RT : I just had a salad. A SALAD!!! I haven't had a cheeseburger...
Thank you for the RT! I've moved so many times I don't know if it's fun or depressing!
sweet. The good stuff lol
J-Ham just went yard again..
I put on my new shoes today. ugh, the rain ruined them :(
Did you get a chance to see Eli on SNL yet??
Today's affirmation: Each day I am moving towards my highest potential.
What's good O
lost another chance at a job 'cause I can't drive
When nothing never goes as u plan it
"This was the Iraqi situation. You entertained. With an AK47. You slept. With an AK47." - On pushing media policy reform in Iraq.
Freshmen and seniors, be sure to fill out your NSSE survey for the chance to win iPads, giftcards, and glow-in-the-dark Naz t-shirts!
Miami Dolphins Super Bowl odds went from 30/1 to 60/1. Denver Broncos now 6/1 only behind Green Bay Packers.
4 those who Dm re list. I have list if what my daughter eats but just wondered if anyone had found new items at the major grocery stores.
Just finished putting together BLVD prize packs for tonights party at Come by and stay a while for a chance to win!
"Remember the past"
BURGER NIGHT AND TUESDAY TALK w/ and 😁🍔🍴
Mrs skannitto in studio now! Next show Oct 8 th
Use your head, and follow your heart.
Ford continues to make inroads into alt-fuel vehicles
Put me on g!RT : THE PINEAPPLE IS DOPE TOO G !!!
Aw! I miss you too pooh.
been hittin u up about the footage. I really need to get my hands on some of that footage so I can move fwrd w/ my reel.
Apple has put out a press release saying iOS 4
What does "to be fair" mean? FWIW, I don't mind being an etcetera.
Reallyy wish I didn't have to work today.
if you don't ditch me again... It's been like a month
Thank YOU
Adding Happiness to all the Mother's Day wishes...It is mothers that give us life...thanks.
watching Hunger Games in biology....lol
Hi from We met at Loukoumis Celebrity Cookbook event. Good to C U and I will post the photo soon.
I just Scrabble-scored on your wife using "Coxes."
yikes, sorry to hear that. That's why I lock mine 20 different ways.
"anonymity" good point
oh it ok p.s you like justin.b?
Just finished work :)
I'd like to submit a Tweet tagline: "Moments Matter."
“: When you try to look out side of the Bible for answers you are wasting your life failing. #atheist #TeamJesus” lie
I love it when my coworkers come to work hungover like a mofo cuz they be cracking me up! Which burns calories :) LOL
The beach... A long road trip... Overseas with friends? What's the best vacation you've ever taken? Leave us a comment right now!
is planning an on air interpretive dance
You're lucky you can get on Pottermore!
Shake of the Month: The Grasshopper - Mint Shake with Chocolate Cookie Bits. And yes, it's that good.
Just saw a commercial with Dylan and Cole Sprouse or what ever then I saw Belle Throne omg what is happening!?!?-Kelly
One hour after I saw videos, I made this account :P
my arm is fucked up. i hate that damn horse i swear what a bitch
lets go get drinks
text me, my phone broke
Everything is funnier when you're not allowed to laugh.
A 2000 foot leaking fuel pipe needs to be removed from the MKE airport. Exclusive details 10pm
You are so awesome! Thanks for the RT...I thought it was a great article...and was honored to be quoted in it. :)
Terminology lesson: A POD of whales, a HERD of cattle, a PRIDE of lions... and a MURDER of children.
If you dont believe in God then you never had Entenmanns chocolate frosted Donuts. Cause that sh!ts heavenly. Note to self:dont say heavenly
Jimmy Graham just aggravated his slight concussion.
Oops wrong The pic still rocks tho.
#iLoveWhenYou nibble my neck ;)
and its never sad when this films on x
This Saturday help by leaving a bag of food near your mailbox for your letter carrier to collect.
It was a wonderful sunny day in Santa Fe. I spent it hanging around with and Mo, just enjoying the day, no more no less
My brother asked me who I wanted to see at Rockin' Roots and I said OM&M and PTV and he said "Gayer & gayer". I'll fucking punch you Jess<3
Just went in on this disrespectful lil shit lol
What is your favorite theatre superstition?
Saw an old man loudly singing Def Leppard's "Photograph" on the bus. Not only are bus riders crazy, they also have bad taste in music.
Ohio City is the place to be on a great Saturday night like this!
Dear Summer, Please Slow Down !! Cant Believe It's The Last Week Of Summer !! :'(
Do ya thang bro!!
RT : I think my birthday present to myself this year is going to be a bottle of the Dark Side Of The Moon cab.
You were just recommended by Rob Thomas. How awesome is that. Good luck with your wonderful organization.
Gotta go with THE KID on that one. Comical and sentimental at the same time.
Watching some Texas Rangers baseball
I got a haircut and don't entirely hate it. Maybe God is real.
Just finished getting ready for the VMA's. I looooveeeee my outfit! Getting ready for a crazy night (;
Thanks for the RT! Do you have any to add to the list?
That, and opportunities.
And a tasty cinnabon cinnamon roll
Really thought for a moment you had a luminous, glow-pulsating rodent pet. Best Tweet Misunderstanding EVAH.
~ Preach! Time is so precious and every minute should be spent pursuing our God given passions and talents.
help! I lost the cap to my heel on the way to work today and no chance to get it fixed before needing to walk somewhere...
In Somerville with
Occupy. Inside. Out.
hey thanks for the follow +VP
welcome to #Patsnation ...you next to Mayo is gonna be one of a helluva thing to watch every week.
RT : There is no kindness greater than opening your house to strangers, and having them leave as friends.
And guess what? Its box wine too hahaha. We'll have to do this whenever I get out to Austin! Miss you
blimey ears burning this morning. xx.
I have low self esteem, and terrible habits.
something wrong with tht right. I love you boo :-* and thanx again.Bad! Bahahaha
Gotta make the swing up to Watertown.
I feel ya lol
I need a movie to put on.
need to talk to you about training. Please be in touch.
United Airlines? RT : United ruins guitars.
beautiful day. taking care of some spring cleaning, bumping some #Nujabes ... Catching some shows tonight after rehearsal
U of Illinois has a nice summary of what the considered when designing their mobile optimized site. #casev nice job.
Going out w/my coworkers seemed like a great idea last night. This morning not so much.
i miss you...
I'm pretty sure that homemade chocolate chip cookies are what's for dinner. What?
: Would you be able to be an impartial juror in the George Zimmerman trial? ^no *denied* ...lol
By using Twitter.
hey hipster <3
Damn! Rondo pass to Hollins just smooth!
The LibGuides template session talked about embedding Twitter.
glad you are enjoying it and we appreciate the RTs! Have a great Friday!
hm...maybe the other way around
ok Ez hit me with a few link to son video up to 5000 view
Buwahahahha. I have all A's and B's and my little sister has an F.
have you taken 463: Marketing Management or 469: Marketing Internship? I'm considering taking them over summer
Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons !
I appreciate you worrying tho.
hope any girl who this happens to this will help cuzz stevan is just 1 of them so watch out cuzz he mite be come 4 u next!!!
Is it still being stupid? Lol a lil, nothing serious. SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY BTW. how have you been? :]
I liked it...but needed something more. Don't know what....
nah, just the truth. Kids these days are making today's world look like trash.
Better go delete your Instagram account too …. they just got bought by FB.
Old Thinking + Old Habits + Short Term Viewpoint = Predictable Consequences;
is retiring?!?! Did he not get the memo that we are winning the Super Bowl this year? 🏆🏈
why do hangovers last all day when your over 30?
Layin down wit a killer who thinks he's a lover may be bad for your health. Maybe not
that's a lot of what I do.
Good luck!
What on earth did i think about all the time before you ?(;
I just noticed your twitter name xD P.s I have sausage jr on here lol
Man it felt good to get back in the gym and put up shots. Just like the old days in the ville and the dub.
Next Thursday- no matter what happens- there will be yoga! We can't wait!
they don't have it
okay i know that we don't really talk much anymore, but i just wanted you to know that you matter to so many people& just because
Help spread the word about all the info for Miami Hamilton baseball scores and stats.
<<< Thanks for the
The man who gives little with a smile gives more than the man who gives much with a frown. -Yiddish Proverb
Master beats the student, great game
going to skool tomorrow [:
Some things really do make me mad.
I'll keep my head up and smile, just because I know you want to see me fall
As you see fit
Look for details about our Junior Clinic presented by and hosted by on 7/13 at #PumpkinRidgeGolfCourse by going to...
Decided that I'm going to take a full rest day. Legs are getting progressively more sore throughout the day. Back on the grind tomorrow AM.
hahahha you creep :)
Not sure how to start when cold-calling folks for interviews. Usually: "HELLO I'M FROM THE NEWS WHATEVER YOU SAY WILL BE INDEXED BY GOOGLE"
What the world need now is love
Props to the first post-game recap that calls this final score "deceiving."
Happy Mothers Day . 
congrats to you for winning the "two weeks with a crusty sock on your head" award.
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
So happy no school tomorrow. :-)
whoops. thanks for the correction!
RT - First Concert! Was it at #bankatlanticcenter?
Wrote a couple of new tunes last night. Real party anthem material.
Great #iPad presentation at #NPMUG last month. Now can you squeeze 6 hour presentation into 2 hours? #iPad2 ;)
Saying thank you is more than good manners. It is good spirituality. Alfred Painter
And the award for most awkward interview from a movie star goes to .... Kristen Stewart!
I'M SO DOWN-_-
why do i still love you? fml.
Sir Charles on SNL tonight....That's TERible1
pick your poison, I got you.
I am done with my last final and I am now a senior.
I misheard the TV guys. I thought they said Sveum had three arms left.
nice my man was about time:-))
Thanks! This is a great discussion starter.
Do they still exist?RT : “: Half of my TL OKC fans O_o” And have never heard of the Seattle Supersonics. SMH
I smell cover appearance.
On the way home.Chicago was great but da Bears traffic was not.
": It's best to tan on a SUNday :D hahaha lmao I'm too funny" lol I havnt heard that one before! XD
Very Vera Wrong Wang we don't glove you anymore.
I think tonight we need to drink out the hookah
15 Minute Dinners Don't let time constraints keep you from putting a nice, healthy home-cooked meal on the table for your family. With th
“: 85. Being replaced is worse than any kind of break up.”
The office is buzzing - first design meeting for the Maryland 9/11 Memorial. More on the process to be posted soon.
4 GIGS DWN & 3 TO GO!!!! AWESOME NIGHT TNGHT, S/O 2 ALL WHO CAME OUT, TIME 4 SUM SHUT EYE, GOODNIGHT PEEPS!!!
Whoa. Xtina forgot her pants tonight.
It amazes me when I meet someone who is in the PR field in LA who IS NOT on
Planned yours? RT : #cashmob a flashmob burst of organized consumerism 2 drive small biz growth
Writing session with Bryan Austin:))
totally agree...can't complain if you don't take advantage.start transition out 1st day you begin
Yes reached over 300 follows! Thank you followers x
Also on #lunch special thru Friday: Italian Sausage & Mushroom Calzone and Crispy Fried Top Sirloin w/ Mashers & Gravy
Thanks! always does a bang up job with the Hannah Vogel covers!
amaazing patton shots you got there.
maybe schedule the vote for during a major snowstorm.
Lets go !! My boy #TomBrady is about to do his best #DanielDayLewis impression... Sorry
Essential Festival supplies (candy, treats and toys) just arrived today from former #sourcefest producer Jessie Gallogly.
Opening long term position in XOM, scaling into it over the next 4 weeks.
Gn. Sad n tired
Tie over a branch. He survived but the second time he hung himself with a belt. Carl Robertshaw 13 hung himself. Nathaniel Pritchard hung
About to be a guest speaker in a consultation in psychology class at the University of Denver.
Twitter is now my only means of social networking.
I never get tired of The Green Mile. One of Stephen King's best works!
ill only bring it if there is a ZERO chance of rain
Well, heck, I must, my name must be nobody, because I like you xD lmao, cheesy as fuck, i know.
We are located in Indianapolis, IN
no doubt
Could someone please bring me a blanket and some hot cocoa? Great, thanks.
i really, really hate myself.
Great lunch meeting and walking @ little tokyo sipping honey green tea from Ozero.
Check out my melody.
Just submitted the first Zimbo production The Little White Bird to a festival.
You're right about these links. Really pisses me off. I didn't know they were putting their stupid advertising links up.
oh no lol
Thanks for noticing!
It's $49. Next week is week 3, so I will prorate it for you. Give me a call 414-364-0181 and I'll get you signed up. Thanks
Good morning. Have a great day :-)
Whats your favorite holiday.??? :D
RT : Did you know that "Dammit I'm Mad" spelled backwards is "Dammit I'm Mad”
you know it! Sketchy camps here we come!
The Dictator looks like its going to be Aladeen.
Listening in on "6 Rules for Content Marketing with Webinar Programs"
Finished my online Application to UTEP for my Masters Degree.
Watching "My So Called Life." So. Much. Plaid.
1st party just got shut down ): now off to the 2nd party. Going to twerk it up! Hahahaha.
Jk I just strongly dislike you.....
How many people would turn down talking 2 MUFC 4 vacant mgr job?
Little Bit Country free concert Thurs. Sept. 15 at The Paramount to benefit Special Olympics at 7pm
welcome to the neighborhood!
Definitely. C-Pete was going to set up something up. Admiral, Alaska or Morgan Junction?
Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year. ~ Victor Borge
He fell in love with the #Baltimore Police Department after living a relatively sheltered life. Born and raises in the city. Maj Russell
dont wear child clothes I yea mens or young mmens clothes tho
#BandsILove Senses fail, the wonder years, brand new, taking back sunday, the doors
let's goo
#nowplaying - Eye Know - de la soul
came home tonite to see the husband had put up all the fun, summer party patio lighting. i am redz to bbq!!
"Never, never rest contented with any circle of ideas, but always be certain that a wider one is still possible." Pearl Mae Bailey
I wish I could sleep.
just downloaded "need to understand", love finding new music. thanks!
#ireallywant to curse..but its nearly impossible for it to come outta my mouth
I have been saying this country needs to fix our education. We are falling WAY behind.
Big boos for the #NDAA #sopa at
well if it's a really funny one I might be willing to let it slide..as long as it's on twitter and not facebook...lol
I cant wait no more till May 15 but it so gonna be worth it , ,
Catch us #tonight at Kitchen 305 in Sunny Isles #Miami #Florida. Complimentary shoe shines from 8:30-10:30PM 2-4-1 drinks and appetizers!
Heading to lunch, but I'm treating it as brunch - that means I'm drinking
What the fuck, Grey's Anatomy!
I'm hesitant to take a shower in fear that I might fall asleep and drown in there.
When you all leave the exile and return to the Land you'll have a right to say something, otherwise like foreigners.
Im in a goofy mood this morning & I like it. Maybe it's bc I'm done w this mutha luvin semester, maybe it's the Starbucks #maybeitsboth!
Great old theater! We stayed @ hotel across the street for TX Historical Assoc meeting. Plaza was closed then, alas.
Dates & schedule for PPC Aruba II coming soon
So, about 3 hours 'till I get to watch the #bruins get slapped around some more. Shall I live tweet it for you?
Happy earth day
"And a nigga told a joke... and the chickens didn't laugh..."
When people speak about their #pets, they're actually speaking about themselves.Listen carefully & you can learn much about your new friends
If only you knew
Starbucks drive thru not as nuts as I expected. Just had a nice fight tryin to let someone cut in. She declined.
is that the tropical depression over there too? maybe that's what the pilot should be called....Tropical Depression
hang in there Brian! Catch some Packer TC up the road from the Apple-town. I am sure crutches won't be a prob.Get well soon!
#Read it and weep, Pens!
Ahhahahah.. I've seen the most funniest thing i've ever seen in my entire life
lol well I understand a lot u just haven't talked to me :p
how you gonna do that to good ol' Jobby?
lol ik it's bs and your my BFF I trust what you think:)
Ready to get my drink on with and
Can't sleep. Blah.
ok , ill see you tomorrow :0
Oh I am SO with you this week!
A pigeon is trapped under the netting on the platform at the Tarrytown Metro North station. It's lain two eggs and is cooing for help.
tomorrow is our First Friday! Snacks, drinks and sales from 6-9pm! drop by and get 10% off the whole store plus 50% all outerwear!
Goin to the mall!!! I'm wearing my Dance Gavin Dance tee! Brightly colored like a Scene queen! :) ♪♥
Lol! When are you coming to Chicago?! Ya know, Chi is only 5 hours drive away from St. Louis :)
RT: “: Less than 500 followers to reach 10,000! Who will put us over? Stay up-to-date w/
SICK :( feeling miserable here
Happy Thanksgiving from PAEME!
What's going on 9/25...text me b/c i barely check this thing. I will miss something if you invite me thru twitter lol
like I said - Cubs + Marcum = home runS
I make $$$$ by Driving Traffic to my website ! I don't talk to people, sale any products or make any phone calls check it out bit.ly/ayFFcu
Thanks for the RT.
We r happy to support the arts! Can't imagine #MKE without them or u!
Saints have to play on Saturday because the BCS needs the Superdome to prep on Sunday
I'm sure he makes life easy for announcers and he is a Christian and real good guy and an excellent defensive coach, no HC
oh hi paige i made a new account cause my other one sucked.
Niggas be paying to open up for people don't believe the hype they lying
For all these people who don't care about the Oscars, a lot of them seem to be watching it.
You're welcome! Good luck.
Open field under the stars <3
Börner wishing that contemporary data mappers were as honest as early mapmakers about where there are gaps in their knowledge
3 games in a row... $75 mil and 3 mansions
Two kids on my lap listening to Wendy Carlos soundtrack to Clockwork Orange.
thanks, sponsors bit.ly/odcufi Still looking for more. Attendee registration is open as well bit.ly/oH0LAT.
Going to be in New England for July 4th. Socks play the Stankees July 6th. Def rockin' an O's jersey to Fenway!!!!
Had VIPs in my hand. Lost them. All because i have no credit card.....FLACKING COOL. -g
#ghettocrayolacolors Ashy brown
amazing. You prove Godwin's law in less than 140. Well done.
Psyched to see in The Bullseye Let me know if you want a review copy of
Excited for Friday. An entire "date day" with my favorite guy, on deck. ;-) 😊
Laughing out loud because we all know Cody just saw every one of your freakout tweets about his lips. HAHAHA!<3
A concerned resident just asked me state for the record that I remain unaffiliated with the Harry Thomas Tea Party. Ready for fast change
I have a date with Hurricane Earl tonite. Im wearing a black dress and black boots. Hopefully he'll sweep me off my feet...
I've been in the mountains for less than a week and I'm already upset that someone has MY spot at the coffeehouse.
How were the #Kings an 8 seed?!
In the past 2 hours I've: finished a slide deck, been in a meeting w/ our CEO, and changed light bulbs
Predators again! Now time to watch that other Tennessee sports team. The Grizz.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
true. Persistence is the key in these matters. Blessing is that when we finally get there we are actually ready.
That awesome moment when the guy you like texts you.
Thanks to everyone who's entered so far! Have you entered to win $100 from yet?
☼ Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example. Francois de La Rochefoucauld
you're the bestest friend I have , even if I don't know you <3
just have a feeling tomorrows going to be fucked up
I did a wireframe in color today. Big mistake.
RT God says YES and gives you what you want, He says NO and gives you something better, or He says WAIT and gives you the best.
Don't think I'm expert enough to lecture but I'd love to sit in if you do Sudan. Mamdani should be great! You're teaching at UVA?
Staying focused avoiding distractions and unnecessary drama
I love that video! (: I love all their songs especially chasing the sun <3
and your future is very bright (:
I think the cavs fans are getting tired from booing. Too bad cuz it seemed to give the Heat more fire :)
Paper Trail "Raw War"
because we are fans of zendaya and Bella !!
How annoying to wake up with hiccups ...
on grandad haha , naw school n sports maintainin that future u kno
Is there a doctor in the Twitter?
I'll be there, w/ Von, Jack, Dre, and Holbeck...C U there Frat.
Merry christmas. And happy holidays
Just read a news headline about a rod being exposed for two hours...they talking about me and my weekend "dancing" gig??
It's official - 926 Main Street will be our address in about three months!
DWTS=Donald Wins The Show!
Good morning Twitter!!
You just gotta get a real job and call it a day. Hopefully in Denver
Wishing all of our fans and followers a very Happy Valentine's Day! Don't overdo it on the chocolates and candy hearts!!
What do you think was the hardest diss song to ever come out!? #hiphop #jadakiss or #50cent ? #icecube ?
omg the carrot cake!!! Also, omg I somehow ate $97 dollars worth of crab legs! Ha ha ha ha.
Just bought fiesta dip party tray. For a party you ask? Yep, my party of ONE! Muhahaaahahahahahaaaa!
The sad thing is that it doesn't even matter.
haha I LOVE OUTGOING PEOPLE. and you are. So i followed you. :)
Everybody didn't show up but we still having fun RT : Headed to the sip gotta turn up..
Suns out, guns out!
If I had a girl I'll tell her to give. Me some head RIGHT NOW!
so agreed! That's why I moved to vegas!
Alright, both of us. You think they're ready for AL this??
Lindsey what did you do to your cheeks girl!? not cute.
So much resume / job business today.
I was told my writing was new blood surging through the body of lit
settle down kid
to use game 3 as a rest game for Ray. Need him more next round than this one
well I'm just saying.
Just saw ANOTHER article picked up by Congrats - I swear - I'll read it very soon!
That is way cool! For $500 that is a steal. How far did you travel in it?
from what SEX
On my way to #startupVeterans - Today I'll be building Collectio - an online collection management tool for collectors of all kinds...
RT : Thank you to the coordinators of the for being so hospitable! Looking forward to future events!
Oh my jeezus. Heat, what are you doing?
'But you had to get the BIG salad!' -George Costanza
me im size 8 and i go to glades middle how much
Hey, is that really a fake, because I have his number lol, and me and him are talking right now
Broke Guy Lol
Impressive. Will GOP show us same indicators if they win office & promise to quit if not met after year 1?
“: Kanye is a genius. I'm glad I've been acknowledging that since 2001.”
Happy Easter!
I'm so hungry all the time..
You guys! Captain Von Trapp just won an #Oscar !!
RIM unveils BlackBerry 10 Dev Alpha device - SlashGear
not quite by 10... What's that, you meant the halftime score? Ok.
with muhh girl:)
Darkness she is all I see #sundaymorning 👍
I wonder if anybody cares about my tweets..
is a better start this week.....Maruqes Colston or Mike Williams??
Baby + I watching Avengers cartoon on DisneyXD during bottle. Hulk threw bad guy into river--baby pulls out bottle, waves, + sez, bah baaah!
Relaxing this evening..
; <---- always the villain, I ain't shit.
do you two have a celebrity couple name? Sculap? Kucott? Happy holidays Ty for all the hard work on the podcasts!!
(still not over it.)
"Young men know the rules, but old men know the exceptions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Will you be blogging too??!!
YOUR ONE STOP SHOP TO BUY TABLES AT #IBIZA FRIDAY JUST CALL 202-200-7627 NOW
I seriously cannot wait for the weekend, this has been the longest week ever 😒😔
Disappointed in Priceline.com. Geniuses over there package flights to JFK from SD stopping in San Fran & Seattle- All for $500- what a deal
you still im NEWYORK?
Wish I knew half the people here on twitter. So much better than the people that I already know :p
u just now finding that out? I told u that 3years ago! what?
Got a 95 on my essay!
Get ready for the SuperMoon! The moon will go 'full' at its closest point to earth on Saturday at 11:35pm Eastern.
How is Rinaldo a tough guy? He is like 5'11" and 170.
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
my boyfriend is the sweetest <3
ewe is def my new favorite word lol
Did you win?
Bout to really get my tweets up
another week, another week with Steve in 3rd place.
My last tweet :) have fun with your new boyfriend, and I love you :)
"George and I have never been involved in hate." Oh really? Ri.dic.u.lous.
aww no problem!
Nothing like thumbing through rest. issue to bring your appetite back to life after 2 days of oj & chicken noode soup in bed.
Snow starting early in the morning? Should be interesting leaving the city tomorrow #njtransit don't let me down.
medium...not taco bell, but not Rosa either.
You gotta lick it before you stick it... Ah so true!
Ewww my post didn't post!!! Ugh! Ok first 6 people to tell me who sings Red Solo Cup, gets on our guest list... GO!
now bio exam...
I'm sorry! A physician's assistant-similar to a doc but w fewer privs, responsibilities, & way less school
I help talented independent artists get the exposure they deserve
Watch this space for 'go' or 'no go' for tomorrow's FREE outdoor show, 'Scaling the Mountain' @ Century Plaza. Fingers crossed for sunshine!
On WRTI FM Philly tonight talking bout The Colored Waiting Room w J Mike Harrison
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
": Just because I don't talk about my problems, Doesn't mean they don't exist."
what is this
lol thanks, im joining this week so i can mete him here in Méx.
The best sights of life can't be captured by digital photographs.
It Took This Long For Me To Learn My Lesson.
Twitter may be the 2009 expression of ADD
not yet but fully intend to
I hope he has a meet and greet
hmm, right now we use the DA Atom feed to grab the description text so if it's not in there there's little we can do about it
where you headed in Indiana?
I don't think so. If he did he would understand that capitalism depends on imperialism.
looks like friggn Rocket Launchers on his shoulders.
“: Lmao hold up New Balances was the shit!!” not yours lol
I agree, keep up the great work guys!
I'm sad I missed you on tinychat today/: iloveyouthemost
I know, I crack me up too. And stuff.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
That my friends was the luck that accompanies being at the top of the league.
are you using app or desktop?
minka kelly or the hottie on Vampire Diaries!
u need a spot? I'll get karcher up there for ya!
Hey are you people following me back? I have to delete you if you not. Sorry but you not following me back puts a limit on who I can follow
The Game of Propaganda « TheRR9&#39;s Report
THANKS! And right back at U. Congrats on all ur success! BTW I'll be in Toronto screening a short film at June 23!
Relapse when I fuck wit Jameson
thanks for the follow! Come by for a waffle sometime!
ModynoOmahaNE thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How do you get over awkwardness?
or for an unneccessary General Public tribute band.
TONIGHT. Night. Party. $10 pitchers of booze, and the 1st 3 people who mention this tweet get $5 tshirts!
I followed
surpassed our goal for the first annual fundraiser campaign. THANK YOU for your support, confidence, and generosity.
Give people what they want, not what they think they want. These are often different.
Way past my bedtime. Busy week ahead .
#aam2012 tweet of the day = tell "This Guy" to leave me alone!!!!
MS Qatar research - just 1% of parents have used internet controls
I don't live close enough. Sorry. This is gonna break me. I cried for like an hour because I did't go to playlist-live.
Are you interested in rumors and gossip? Why so?
We're seriously making hamburger helper right now lol ctfu
Thanks Robert:) #FF right back at you! Have a great weekend.
Its dumb when people post anonymous stuff bout someone on Twitter bout someone & how their stuff annoying obviously just unfollow the person
thats a good movie :)
The Center For Feminist Research announced that its 2012-13 New Directions in Feminist Research Seminar will include iMAP's Micha Cardenas!
Need to cool off? Enjoy a Freshly-prepares Chargrilled Chicken Fruit Salad at with a freshly squeezed Lemonade
perfect sense
fans unite! Vote 4 MIGGS' Girls & Boys video on MTVU. The more votes, the better: www.mtvu.com/category/music/the-freshmen
last night i went to an 80's & 90's club and they played mambo #5. thought of you.
I still dont understand why sulia. Why not tweet normal with a link to JS?
oh, that's rich.
Just so you both know I saw that! hahaha!
my eyes are getting heavy...i'm off to sleep. 'Night Jen san!
Willow!! I ❤ you. I am sorry I have not replied back. I have just have had some urgent personal matters that have come up.
I checked out your booth at the #PRWeekVTS! I love the virtual summit idea, very neat!
how can i get you to come and cook a pig dinner with us in milwaukee?
Brewed today: House and Day at the Beach (wish it was warm enough for the beach!!)
SAVE THE MALES! RT She is a shrill, emasculating, whiny harpy and my ladywife loves that show
Floor seats next to spike lee?
Successful night for ... broken phone, missing id and debit card.
U r right! I'll write 2morrow. I promise. :) RT : - Just FYI..."Writing" doesn't mean "Disappearing" !!
was one of the best talks I've heard in my life. He puts the "Genius" in the MacArthur Genius Award.
: yea, but how often do "men" follow THAT law???
Countdown to #RMAF 2011 Begins!!!! ROLL CALL! Who's comin, and with what Goodies????
Glitter is the herpes of craft supplies.
Sore throat :(
The people that I follow be having good tweets only late night .
Probably not. I'm working on something and I'm downloading a beard vector.
Can you lift weights while drinking white wine? I suspect you can.
tell her I said I wanted to start over & go slow ...
“: if this is the one in pond creek I found him” Murder?
@ I just want mine to come home so we can work it out.
Thanks for the follow.
Has everyone gotten the chance to check out our new band ? I'll be posting a song of theirs as a Song Of The Day later!
": #indy high was 84, breaking record from 1907 of 82. #inwx"- Wow! I hope we don't see triple digits for this year's 500!
Immature fix Toni and Tatiana necklace after this game
Your ego gets in the way of greatness, you arent a humbled athlete yet. Get it together and meet us in New Orleans
I know!
Selena Gomez's Gothic-Glam VMA Look: Love It or Hate It?
#Waystoimpressme: Play a musical instrument or enjoy hearing me play.
And that last tweet is likely all you need to catch you up! Hope you're well.
"I should be an iphone photographer! That's one great pic." - Random Person at The Table across the room
Do you anyone who will do Ender's Game for me? I hate it!
Hi There All chek out our new web site just launched www.tazzlighting.com
So y this dude say he was gone kill my kids & my mom cause i dont wanna fuck him? Wow really?
We like to LOL at AOL... Oh, wait...
yeah no kidding. Thanks for transferring and being wisconsin's 1st legit qb in a....forever
Dirty chai break, extra dirty!
Google Places is available for your Android phone.
In the next year or so, my signature will appear on 60 billion of United States currency. More important to me, however, is the
gosh yer nice
yo chris, no problem chris
gym at 1?
#AGirlJustWants a good man
Ugh. I'm so behind on my blog for #adrintro. Anyone else??
you know I am excellent as always. I have some big news coming up end of next week. :) soon!!
Spread the joy!!! Come in and bring a friend for Brazilian Waxing. 2 for $70!!!! ($30 Savings). Call today!!! 773-342-6333.
im trying :l
glad u like song its hot! Keep me posted if u want it 4 da guys My boy in LA produces 4 Diane Warren and may b a good look 4 MB
The New York Times Crossword in Gothic: Id Est
Odds and ends A couple of openings, a few charity dos, and some totally random notes.
Great day! Everyone is exhausted, but it was worth proud of my hubby , Michael, & his friend, Jeff. They both completed the Spartan race!
both crewed mived on
writing a blog post seems appropriate since you're in the press corps now.
