#unbecoming right? so inappropriate
Stop spamming me with this shit i dont care fuck off
WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE.
Thank you, ! It was wonderful seeing you last night!
it's the truth. It's cool though
Hey there! Thank you! Whoda thunk it?
gets his braces of today!! <3
#TellHimYouLoveHim lol yeah cause that would go well not
I love those random late night phone calls. The ones that was just to say goodnight but you happen to fall asleep on the phone ^.^
yes i do
My head: Food Food Family Food Food Ariana Ariana Ariana Ariana Food Food Family Food Food & Food Ariana Family
Who's your money on tonight DW??
embarrasing...and painful haha pullin a #Molly, and yupp, did you take that pack of gum?
We can practice those moves in Port A. Potential dance for wedding!
sorry Mac just missed ya
I saw the dude moments later and he was clearly compensating.
Anyone have any thoughts on best Christmas gifts for 2009??
M ... Burger joint at the meridien in NYC. The most delicious out-of-place little place ever. And it has the thing with the stuff, ...
Hell yeah. LA Dolly! I even like the horns.If you have 2, you can always go back 2 Wills & Cooley to justify horns in country.
WOW! I haven't been on Twitter since Sept. 5?!?!?! How is everyone? Anything new?
At for some brunch!
You are welcome! Doing well, no kiddo as of this morning. ;)
Finalizing the new brand and website for Romines High Pockets Keep an eye out ...
I want that to be a match up come September with Gio winning 1-0 moving onto the world series and wining the Cy Young
My 3DS is a rockin' little box with Resident Evil Revelations, can't put it down!
Ha ha ha! RT : Apocalypse Now ... More like a Cock On The Lips Now!
Whoa these girls think they can shuffle better than me. Not gonna happen.
Thank you Jim! =)
awww :( i hope u start 2 feel better!
Lick my pussy Betch ! #get into it
its my birthday 2day!
#UFConFOX now its time for Jim Miller to #DoWork on Diaz
Good Morning Pretties...planted some trees for #earthday! How did you help save the earth?
little angel me?! I wouldn't dare compromise the mission! -.-
I really hate dumb ass people .
Well, that injury to Alex Gonzalez certainly doesn't look good.
It couldn't have been that bad!! All you mass holes just don't know how to live in the great outdoors.
Come eat at Moe's and leave me a big tip:)
it will be good! And I hope either one beats the AFC choices!
Hey...thanks for following but I don't use this account. I tweet about marketing/mobile/social from
#koa2 was such an amazing success!
Fight the good fight, sir. The rest of us have your back.
RT--> RT for your chance to win 2 tickets to see at on June 6th!
Don't want to start today.
preach it! thanks!
I'm ready for Saturday
Help! I am looking for the play of the day from last week. The little league kids throwing an out. Link? Thanks!
Haha! Awesome! Thanks!!
The difference between flu games of Kobe and Jordan is that Jordan had a much better team.
We build dreams of the world, & live in them, thinking they're real. And they are.
s/o #TeamJaylonTate ! Where Our Motto Is..."Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater".!
if dont come threw with the W ima quit rappin
Brian Williams and my cats.
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do. T. Harv Eker
Didn't even notice you could write in the snow tell you sent me that pic. Cool!
Word. 400 followers. S/O to all you pruney faggots.
Organic House-Made Granola - dried fig & cranberry / macadamia nut / goat cheese yogurt
"Success is never convenient and easy"~ Dani Johnson
Sure! We are a social review company and we want to connect with movers/shakers to get their thoughts/feedback.
The man who chases 2 rabbits catches none ~ Roman Proverb
RED ALBUM!!!
Just fork the highway on GItHub and put in your own interchanges wherever you want them.
RT : "The Packers will trail in the 4th quarter today." - #boldpredictions But going into the 1st QT, they'er all tied up
you probably know of someone too that you haven't told don't you!!? lol jk
Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix!
yea i know!!!
S/O MY MANS
Hey. Tune in at the 4pm hour for a chance to win tix to Neon Indian this friday at the Metro Chicago. Yours truly, 88.7 WLUW.
so sick of "so-called friends"
thanks for the rt!) You can always email me at - we're jolly good designers and cost effective too!
Thank you for stopping by the other day!
Congratulations to the Class of 2012! Once an eagle, always an eagle.
Good Morning Everyone :)
seriously—that was a tweet of the highest order.
oh thats awesome!!
i can listen to cowboy casanova all night. it fits my mood PERFECTLY<3
“: “Everything happens for a reason.” No you just screwed up.”
- Happy! Happy! Your Day! Here's hoping its the best year yet!
A happy day on our set! RT Thank you to Bob for the pick up. Crew is very happy! Lots of cheering this morning!
that new meek mill goes hard tho !
Just found Disney's Aladdin on Family Channel HD. UFC 144 streaming on the laptop.
It'd be awesome to see you at THE PUB on Broadway today. will be there with , 5-7pm doing our NASCAR Game Tourney
Hooray! RT Brand new tonight at 8pm PST! Talking all things Fincher with of the !
The Giving Of Love Is An Education Its Self.
You too! Keep up the good work and keep me in the loop!
Looks like #GameOfThrones guys don't want to offer any more boobs!
Witch owls and Christian saint revealed in Mona Lisa landscape. New visualizations of the Mona Lisa Code have been released recently.
That's horrible. I hadn't heard that yet but I'm really surprised by the news.
I have an overwhelming desire to correct people who pass me on the street spewing historically incorrect information.
An ex should stay an EX. They're an EXample of the wrong love & an EXplanation for why you deserve better!
Its raining sideways :P
i love working on saturday nights. sundays too. fun fun fun.
They also set the technological trends and delivery mechanisms. EX: Beta versus VHS
Natalie portman is so pretty!
Thank you Tiger! I needed that today :o) RAWH!
I just saw tweet tht they said wbout the soul train award DOES THT MEANT THERE GOIN TO BE IN THE SOULTRAIN AWARD Peace&Luv
We are wrapping up some great projects! Check-in and checkout whats cookin!
Shailene Woodley likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
AGREED! thank you!
If I could, replace "faded" with Photoshop. lol
Laptop or mobile?
Thanks for the updates today, I am very interested in your tweets and I think you are doing a great job.
thus making you insane?
Happy Independence Day! Where do you think the best place for fireworks is?
all about awareness...first step to get ppl thinking about ordering if they don't win
what it do just got up feel like shit but im meeting wit dolocity today so i have to start brain storming for my next song.
Our strange perversions add to our charm, & we don't consider u vapid so much as easily peer-pressured. This = part of ur charm.
At least they're the type of people I'm used to, and can be "normal" around.
no he shouldn't that bad written all over
ok. working at 5am after working till 10pm and baking a cake the night before, while working a half hour away...really sucks! so tired
thanks love, I wish my eyes were open though. Yours is sexy btw
I love it <3 ;) RT : i remember introduced and to weed. haha danng im a bad. :p
Pm BlackF1r3 at i4i to that how ive been talking to him
HBD to the Heat's king of the court...27 is the lucky number for a championship
Welcome to the Twitter page for Larry H. Miller Hyundai Albuquerque!Follow us for exclusive content about contests,deals, news and more!
#LastTimeIChecked Taylor was beautiful.... SHE STILL IS! <3
aww well thank you how sweet of you ! =) have you heard any of my music? =) jw
Thanks for the follow. I really appreciate this
I would do that to!! but with out the snow storm part lol
Alexander. Not his finest moment
Can you please DM more details? Which particular group are you referring to? Then we can get it taken care of!
Tumblr app not working.
Who is your favorite band?
You tell me ... will it work?
Am getting involved in local foreclosure mediation program - it appears 7th circuit in fl is now officially inundated with these cases...
Get $20 for $40 worth of food/drinks at Los Toltecos Mexican Restaurant in Winchester at www.cityciao.com
On that #College shit
"We only need us, and the funny boys on myyearbook" <3
BTW, can you DM email address. I still have to send you the info on the teenpreneur from Bridgewater
P.S. they bumped us up a division because we have a black person and a 6'4" asian on our team
You go girl! Dig, dig, dig!!
First time I've ever seen a Broadway showtune during a journalism conference. Thx, of ProPublica.
Ariana we got it back (: It said that they got confused and now we have no followers anymore can you please give us a shoutout?
we always make it at home and it is so much healthier!
Please pray for our dear friend Cindy Morrone! She will be going through cancer treatment soon...
102 more 'likes' and we will release some music that you can download fo free! Please help spread the word!
It may be snowing but I hear robins... spring can't be that far away
bitches keep it clean!
...when you were cleaning your backpack out and you couldn't find it in the first place, until you found it in the trash?
are you done with youtube?
Another BIG math test today:/
All intelligent thoughts have already been thought; what is necessary is only to try to think them again
what is he doing with tomatoes?
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our Tweeps - Irish or otherwise. Have a fun, safe weekend.
": When a critic dislikes your work they're talking about the work.." That's called an Ad Hominem!
Shared Btown Kids and with hundreds of people tonight.. lets just say I'm pretty stoked right now :)
you finally met Mr. Toothbrush???? :)
Thanks to all who are tweeting about your performances on the app! Happy Thanksgiving!
I won't date you. I don't like you. I'm sorry, but I can't force myself to get feelings for someone.
I've poured out my heart today.
Very very inspired by Shine a Light at the Portland Art Museum. Katie and I have ideas, lots of ideas... :)
Dr. Staubus is up next on principles of pharmacology required in drugged driving cases.
I Remember being a little kid watching the sabotage vid on MTV and jammin out and rappin along with the beastie boys.
After a week of being stuck at home, I'm beginning to understand what Terrence Steadman was going through.
Do you love any sport? Which one is it? Which team do you support?
The Native Daughters of the Golden West have formed two tug-of-war teams, and propose soon to have a contest. I would watch. Who would not?
Thanks Steve! Happy Saturday to you! Looks like another perfect day out there in #ROC!
I get immediately frustrated when people call me "hon" but I usually let it go because it's just a part of their vocab
Congrats class of 1971, Arcadia High School (Scottsdale AZ)! Happy reunion tonight.
Oh don't worry, I got all up on that!
There's the Eli we all know and love!
Congrats TMLA Seniors you had a fantastic year and made me so proud ! 💙💛👍
Nice complex combination! Cheers!
Nothing says it's Recycling Day like the cavalcade of crashing beer and wine bottles at 7:30 AM. We do like our bevy up here in The Couve.
It's like they're completely clueless
I wish followed me
slush's are the best just take #Makers crushed ice and slush! Add a classic coca cola for a mid day delight!
Threw the baby out with the bathwater
As a Sharks fan, I'm just hoping the Cup doesn't go back to SoCal in my lifetime.
Bitch better have my money
NEVER!❤ I'll miss you! (:
Things already getting crazy tonight. Local celebrities and bartenders already getting wild. Get here now!
I just registered for in #Sacramento on August 4th! Can't wait!
"To reveal my hand It's like i'm doing the worst i can To make you understand Maybe one day you will know"
and the boyz need to come back to rollerjam :/
only kinda? :(
would love to see Gomez lead off
liking waking mars. Not sure if it was their goal but I get a retro sci fi film feel. Maybe I'll ask them at screenburn
grilled chicken, string beans, carrots, eating healthy
#whenihadmyspace, " Heart of the King"The Worlds greatest Elvis Tribute Show comes to June 24th www.heartofthekingontour.com
oh shut up! Lol
Dani my Colombian instructor : hey mostafa , Me: wuts up bitch , dani: shikabala is really good player, Me: Wut thank u so much sir hahaha
Venable singles!! Just need a homer. I wanna see history!
RT @ none Thanks for the mention
Thanks for the follow New York Update!
Great game.. I will admit that.. I'm on the edge of my seat
Just found out I've officially lost 12 lbs since starting in February - pretty awesome.
We're looking forward to the #DesignCast #webinar hosted by #HOW Magazine at 1:00 #today! Is anyone else going to be there?
yeah I get ya! I am too tbh! But there's really not much we can do but try! <AB
Lol --->> RT : Someone tell Kobe to fix his face lmao
Sticks in a bundle cannot be broken. Bondei Proverb
Do you feel safe parking in downtown Portland parking garages?
God, Family, then my crew, then my career, then whatever.
DETERMINATION ---> At Times It Takes Sheer Will To Overcome Adversity.
Wizard needs sleep badly.
Packing for the O-Town Salsa Dancing, dancing and more dancing what better way to spend 4th of July
Now i'm at some lame straight bar ewwwww
WHAT'S UP BUTTERCUP? WHOA WHOA WHOA WHOA.
Chuck Mead has them dancing.
my pleasure. See you tomorrow!
loser ass nigga
“: This is ridiculous. Another kid from my hometown was killed in a car accident.”
good luck at the ACMs tonight!
yeah you did. He yelled at me
I might have just exceeded the optimal green tea intake for the day...
60 degrees in Chicago today! I'm ready to be outside!
so happy to have seen in Hawaii. Want to see him ASAP.
:10 yrs ago 2day was the earliest morning I've ever been 2 work. U were worth it! Happy anniversry frm NY! I miss you & everyone!
I can't stop thinking about what one of my teachers did today as we gave her a flower! OMG! I'm going to miss her so much!
Hey Julie... Did you get my email the other day?
Wow.. I tweet "DONE" to and and they haven't done a shout out :( plz guys! I'm begging you, I need a shoutout!(:
I cannot deny this
I love Watkins this time of year!
Daudi Were was at the frontlines of 's development during the #Kenya elections in 2007
I'd rather they use #panthers than #UWM myself..
No Problem! Thank you for helping Baltimore's Babies!
I had great experience in a recent visit to your store in the King of Prussia Mall at #FNO - The staff was amazing as are you!
Psst. You gotta password? If so, enjoy true speakeasy style jazz with Bob Tate tonight in our Black Diamond Lounge. 5:00p-9:00p
HBO GO is the absolute nuts. Totally recommend signing up for it.
Awesome. I have diverticulitis. And a 3-day old baby.
I hate being a hostage to my lack of technological knowledge. Send me a geek squad please!
When I get back to the crib I'm dropping right into bed
Thanks, we try :)
It's not good to suck that
This stressfull week is almost over.
Thank u Tina! I will keep you posted.
We've been out for beers before, haven't we? Perhaps with The Bennish?
But first off to for #cleaning stuff
LMAO, I am not crazy boy
super straight forward on that tweet #knowitall 😉
We have our spare change ready for trick-or-treaters. Cc:
that's just gross
Happy Easter!
I think kaylee and dani will both make it, both have played well
Register for #Resonate2012 Worship Conference and our 38th LIVE Recording! April 11-13 ~ www.cfnmusic./resonate (RT 4 a chance to win!)
awesome we'll get you in on the live tweeting action. Did you download hootsuite for android?
new jay oh bee? Tell me what's happening!
Oh how I missed my team over spring break!
Amen : : Thank you very much! I'm glad you enjoyed it. Let us pray they deliver what we want!
What happens when I try studying? Skyping with of course... :)
sam hurd screwed up but lets focus on this new year time to clean the slate#cp3 lets get on that real ish
Thanks, Tommy. Auburn Chautauqua represent.
I love the Retro dress it reminds me of my Aunt's wedding dress circa 1963
Incoming MBA class will include employees of Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, BASF, Dominion, Genworth, Federal Reserve Bank, Altria & Bon Secours
Apparently shifting books leads to back ache... Who knew?
preparing shrimp cocktail and steaks tonight. Stoked!
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
We need to have a dialog with students as a university...
Thanks! Appreciate the props.
But now to hit the books!
what a beautiful day for Philly's favorite shopping event! we lucked out with the sun. :)
what song is that
okay that made me snort!
will see you there with !
</3 I miss you too.
Up, out and on the move. Make today count!
Thank you, , for including me in your mention.
yeah... ill see what happens  i hope everything works out 
Thank you! Always appreciate your RTs.
Listening to Velvet underground and reading about Lisp
just had a yummy dinner of Mahi Mahi with chinese cabbage, spaghetti squash and TJ's sweet pepper sauce.
It looks like it's not #alwayssunnyinphiladelphia perfect excuse to work on those bucket lists!
That is what you get for not going directly to his social secretary! He is in -- and tell your wife to come too 4 a zoo date :)
Only @ Grand Central Market can you get spirulina, a hand made pupusa and freshly juiced carrots/apples/beets
how can I remember if I don't even know what wes talking about
let's do work soon in LA mat 18th-20th.
So that's Arsenal , Juventus and St.Mary. Well done! Hang u boots up and maybe start training ur two boys.
Insane thunderstorms are here. Showers for my wedding shower?
hahahahaha, just spit out my iced coffee looking at that...
spelled it wrong but ok
I'm such a crybaby..my dad's gone for two weeks to visit family in Mexico. I hate goodbyes. :'(
not on this account he doesnt. but on my personal account he does (:
Loving our Lakers in the 2nd round playoffs! Clippers battling with Memphis - all heart! This is LA!!!!
What does #OccupyPortland have in store today? Follow all of the continuing developments on #Fox12Oregon tonight at 5 & 10 p.m.
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble-notarize, 2days WORD:ccyotnena HINT: joint, "u cn't bild reputation on what ur going 2 do" henry ford
definitely would love the #smashbrothers in your magazine & we'll be submitting our EP as soon as #selectohits gives us the OK!
Yea just workin hard and playin hard!
BIG TIME RUSH was amazing at the Dolphins vs. Cowboys game
you should have a DM day like on saturdays where you DM fans!..
its been so long, i'd love to do that again!
Thanks, Anne. Our clients make us look great, and we hope to do the same for them. So, it seems only fitting ...
Chillin' on my old block :')
finally feeling the effects of that root canal today.... uggghhh
Question of the night...What makes a sex addict a sex addict??? Tried Tiger but he didnt answer his phone ha ha
through this. Please take my word for consideration. I'm just looking out for you
would love to see you in Munich!
I do approve. Well, I don't because a CF means things are going wrong, but I like your style.
If I were president, there'd be no wars. The U.S. would develop comedy as a defense mechanism
For now just sleep my sweet.Don't worry about what tomorrow brings.So lets pretend that we're giants among common men.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
what did you find particularly true?
:D thank you!!!
you got this, one mo' minute!!
I love watching Dexter! Who else dose?
School Leaders Network meeting in Kansas City this morning. We have great charter leaders here working to provide quality education.
I know she is! Jus wish I could see her one more time to say goodbye! I never got the chance 2!
You know what's really awesome? Going to sleep instead of waiting for inevitable server explosions at a Blizzard launch
sry for twitter/storify spam, figuring it out (only my 3rd storify story!)
I would show up, but I'm not sure you want some strange fanyboy mouth-breathing whilst y'all eat at Frank.
Passive language, sir. It "shrank" cuz econ improved, & Reagan no longer Prez!
BEST PUMPERNICKEL BAGEL EVER! :)
#10FactsAboutMe 4: I am a closet fanfiction author. If any of my friends found out I'd die of embarrassment.
RIP Steve Jobs
is going running...yes i said running...for the first time in 5 years. Gotta get back into shape...summertime and 30 are fast approaching.
Don Cornelius, the producer and television host who created the television dance show "Soul Train," RIP
theres like four hallways -.- gonna be lost.
The past is bullshit, the future is bullshit, i live in the now!:)
live on Tue! Dance party? Yes and thank you! 8 PM $10 AA
Where is shivan? ):
Hahaha thanks for pointing that out. (Yes, pun intended)
Great idea :) And you can study while on the treadmill. . .
AERA went fast! Heading home
FRIEND: don't be judgemental. ME: fuck that i'll say what I want.
Good lord son. Hell of a night, ahe? LOL
They asked me to play the Old Spice guy but I refused to wear the towel.
Customer said he spent 1st 15 mins of his massage smiling. He was looking for affordable massage option & found it. Mission accomplished!
I tell my mom I love her,she goes yeah right -.- lmaoo
bella you are the girl you can actually shake it up better than anyone but your the best please reply and follow me please!
hahaha yeah hahaha and cute :) talking about cute lol your pp is adorable
Come at me bro!
I keep walking by but being tempted by the "birthday" Oreo.
#FF and for the best #mashup #startup EVER!
holla atya boy. i got that music on deck 4 ya
to single handedly put a smile on the world.
Awesome! Just left a comment on your comic strip! I'll try to follow this ^^
Al Sharpton look like an Old ass katt Williams.....
Not as sleepy as I thought I would be
The Browns picked a Weedle? Don't they realize he only knows how to use String Shot?
will u be here tomorroww?!
if jordan shaved his head, i think id scream so loud thatd he even hear it
Thank you! We're so glad you enjoy :D
You gotta love so why won't you follow him?
We hope you have a wonderful visit and we wish you a very happy birthday!
Stay at HOME. Make money. Lose weight. XYNGULAR! Join me! ;) www.Xyngular.com/tigger
Thought for the day: the funny thing about life and working out- no results until you push past what you thought you could do!
thats the key. If he loses his rookie status then the timing of the big league promotion becomes an issue.
Alright, what do YOU think about them remaking Dirty Dancing?
It was a real honor being included in this esteemed group of professionals!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 42
Gary your a wonderful dad :)
Advance Auto Parts Introduces Exclusive Wearever Platinum™ Premium Brake Pads
Its ok baby I feel much better now thanks to you! :) Thank you for taking such good care of me!
what the heck was it? It's driving me crazy!
Cunard Line & Princess Cruises have great Holiday Deals available for sailings in the Caribbean, Panama Canal & Hawaii! Call us 800-803-7245
I hate it...but I love it
I KNOW RIGHT? hahaha. Be familiarize though. I know your a dog. but try to add more knowledge. HAHA!
Holy balls, man. If tomorrow is anything like today imma kill myself.
thank you- nice to hear!!
It nevr fails 2 amaze me when a topic is trending thr is no way 2 actually read wht's being posted due 2 the share vol of posts.
"The guy sounds like a matinee idol." - Schmidt has the best lines. #NewGirl :)
You know what I hate about Minute Maid Park? That we're down 0-2 against THE ASTROS.
The LSU coach lost the game by not making player changes in an attempt to improve chemistry!!!
Movie recommendation is Stephen Spielberg's "The People Under the Stairs"
The Great American Party 9 was insane. Great job
nailed my audtion today....
My shoes got shipped out :) Jus got the email.
I ate all the nachos...ALL THE NACHOS
hmm no I don't know him
What, no Outback love? We're crushed.
what do you want to hear?
My dog is scared of a cat. I thought cats are scared of dogs. Very unusual.
Waiting in a "virtual waiting room" for tickets. The only reason I can imagine wanting to go to Wrigley.
It's Friday!!
“: I LOVE those shorts! 💜” #thanks #metoo! I'm obsessed. I have a pair if not 2 pairs in every color ever.
watched 2 tonights eppy already and those minute clips I was bawling my eyes out..I am not prepared for this at all
Cant wait for your new album #believe , Hope you have fun in that studio (:
“: Honestly, I don't know which one I'm in love with, you, or the memories.”
Don't you have a ways to go with college classes? #justcheckin'
invest a lot more in expertise than they have traditionally (not just messaging). build an echo chamber.
Thanks! Now I'm embarrassed I just realized I misspelled claps as class. Doh.
Good luck!!!
Thanks for the retweet! Charlie Z
Audition for New Era, lay down more guitar takes, interview with Goldman Sachs, then another audition.
I miss Lamarya and Lamar.... Don't u ? Dem was my roll dogs
Making money tho so I won't complain!
hope it works as beautifully as the packaging! If it's fab, where is it available?
RT : RT : Q3: What tools or resources does a small brand need to go up again a big brand competitor?
Less than a week until Colorful Fantasies at Hedo - I have all sorts of fun "accessories" that I am bringing down with me...
Beautiful day for a run :)
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired..
Awesome reminder that our readers want to find themselves in the maps that we create
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Singer Songwriter charts for Portland, ME. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
I wanna go home and sleep!!!
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Coach Paul Snell for capturing the Big Shots DC Championship today.
Follow me and i'll follow you back :)
are you at Body Central?
The Beatles' final concert was on this day in 1966. It was in San Francisco. My college professor attended.
Ok so I had my sleeping scedule back in order and then the snow hit and I was out late and sleeping in again but school Monday got to fix it
just wish something would go right
Josh Hamilton: " I will have another one"
The Fab 5 is what I call,"The What if:". Great talent but, not get the Brass Ring. They are not losers but, not Champions.
Dom Dom Dom. Peeps - follow him! He's one of our talented #NewStage actors!
So glad Believe tour dates are coming next week<3 omfg.im BEYOND excited<3
#LoverBoi i wanna thank all of you fine ladies for likin our page.....
only when you stand between me and my egg nog.
im about to throw a stereo at my mother b/c she's snoring so loud
Can't Nobody Do It Like Us 😉
International Jazz Day--Concerts streaming live NOW from New Orleans...and later today, New York & Paris
good to see cliff lee in the world series. just wish it was in a phillies uniform.
I'm happy to say my makeup came out phenomenal! (:
you're almost never online!
Losing to Orlando without their 3 best players is CRIMINAL!
what on earth? Amazing.
What time?
is wondering if he can afford "An Evening With Leonard Cohen."
Hi, I used to live in TX, hot!!!. Thanks for looking at my page.
- Entertainment & Event Marketing
So excited to see everyone at party at ACRE/SF in a few mins.
Aw! I saw the FBk note. Sorry! OK, forget the pics for a bit.
Burger cravings commencing. :(
I am really honored, Ashley! Thank you very much. I enjoyed learning a little more about you as well. Have a great week.
My Compliments Makes Women Blush All The Time!!
me too! can we share?
hey I'd the other girls doing work out the boy from doy can carry a Burkin like no other! Think of me!
#factswithoutwikipedia the 2nd shooter on the Grassy Knoll was not Richard Nixon. He was firing from a sewer grate down the street.
Yay! Come look for me... I'll be in the tech room until my 101 class, so stop by and say hi!
hope you're excited for Boston. Can't wait for tonight! Hope you are doing a little meet and greet :)
Sentence of the day: "What's crackin'"
please tell me didn't change their name to New Directions...
Hahaha I prob will ;-) Good one! RT : Die Hard
tell NeNe to give me a follow so I can design his new dream house
Phone screen spider webbed. This bites. Gonna test me insurance. :/
Turns out 7013 isn't much of a "computery thing."
hahah that's exactly it!
Tweet after you've watched #101things and let us know what you think! oh and trend #101things (:
You look nastier and nastier with each passing day
I love how on Americas best dance crew, the judges are people who think there all that and they ant even dance/never had
Girls want attention. Women want respect!!
I almost melted trying to roast a marshmellow...my plastic toes will never be the same
I just dreamt I was interviewing the robot who plays bass in Demon Hunter (in addition to the normal bass player) for a documentary.
Powell's again.
thats gonna be sick i want to ride in it first lmao
I don't have "ways". Thats the secret. No games, no fouls.
Anyone listeing out there?
have you beent o the US?
Holy Guacamole! Our friend Josh just donated $25!!! What a Chum buddy he has grown up to be! Thanks Josh! We're up to $1780! YAYAYAYA!!!!
What you'll wear and how you will style you hair for gameday. Maybe finishing work to enable you to go to gameday also
Anybody have recommendations on finding inexpensive flights to Europe?
who the fuck are you?
we missed you at 3:45 a.m. each morning. would have been fun.
workin on a new track "misfits remix" with elle and jonez
Smoke 🍃 for my medical condition.
Just replied
Your legacy lives on in digital glory.
Some Padres blogger made fun of me for liking LaHair coming into the season.
please follow me and
thank you so much! glad to be the big 399!
Yeah, baby, CAKE and CHAI! [Frickin' spell assistant tried to type "chair". So maybe you'll have cake on a chair...]
Nice to see TaRhonda Thomas anchoring tonight.
Hope everyone had a great 4th of July!
not fighting.. Just tweeting... Peace out!
Psyched about our SOLD OUT matinee of #SarahsWar today!
you know it. Wish I had ten minutes to tell his story instead of 1:45!
RT : Friendship Style by a #Virgo: Virgo friends have a knack for knowing when you’re down and when you really need them.
My record is intact, I still havent ever watched a Super Bowl.(#howgirly This time I even missed halftime show & wanted to see madge.
I'd compare it to James white on the psu guy last week
What it is ??? Presh8 the shout out....
I love those guys. One my Lake Street go-tos right now.
you dont have to answer that question, its kinda private for people.
Voracious is awesome! want wingy!
RT : App as dialogue, perspectives, pathways
count me in too....4 girls here!!!
Double you tee eff?
The ONE time you raise your hand And some idiot screams the answer out. t(-_-')
Looks like all the power/lighting issues at is fixed. Yay for no dark hallways!
lol! Yeah it was. Womp. #Stanford will be haunted by this game. Like for a long time.
Lake Michigan 1 Meagan 0 ... cought no fish froze my butt off in the boat still fun tho!
I just left with lots of goodies for dinner tonigh
lol not anymore.
watch some boring on tv...
I'll make a note of it!
I just really hate having to walk places... in the cold... Like a whole half mile... It's just so grueling...
love who?
It's only fair. Ramires first RT : So will all the Chelsea players get to sleep with John Terry's wife now?
RT : “: Sneakerheads aren't people with shoes alone. You gotta have them and know about them. #SorryHypebeast”
6200 bus anystop said bound to Montgomery Mall going to silver spring 12:51 am at Bethesda J2
N Korea jams signals on Seoul flights - Financial Times
Is this locker next to the shed where his 5 tools are stored?
#Fitness must
Breaking: School bus accident at 20th & Highland near Marquette has left at least one person dead. Rielle Creighton will be live at 10:00
Super bummer.
Congratulations to our Social Studies Tutor of the Month, Anders B!
#linsanity spent half the game on the bench and still had 13 assists!!! And a couple of awesome moves. Garden was hoppin early
You know what I shouldn't do? Cut my own hair. You know what I'm doing right now? Cutting my own hair.
I don't believe in dinner, so I just eat 4 lunches of varying food-types and quantities evenly interspersed between noon and midnight.
heheh aww Maya your so cute, you tell em..aaron let my feet live without ur sausage commentss
See you tonight at the 98PXY Summer Jam!
Tonight is the opening of Creativity is Creative exhibit 7- 9pm
I wish!! The lady on mine sounds like a Drill Sergent! ;). Happy Wednesday!
1,000 fans pay. Michael Hayes on color commentary says "I held the attendance record" in Dome "until tonight."
My 100th tweet! Im so proud!
I think it's fair, because they want them to win so they're just helping out. I can see how it could be unfair, though.
I think the social media blockage threat was the best! Steve wins tonight!
f*** Texas
Thank you for the inspiration! #FF ,
Happy Mothers Day to all...
He was such a proud papa this weekend. Couldn't tell enough people that he's got two SU graduates now.
I love that kid that argues with the teacher and entertains the whole class.
Familiar indeed. :) Hope it goes swimmingly for you, and thanks again for the kind words!
I like to mix kindle with old-school: kindle for recreational; old-school for work/research. (Ends up almost all old school!)
ahaha, thank you, but you're the cute one here..
Love is for the weak
The haikus of the winners and runners-up in our Passover Haiku Contest are up on the walls of the Distrikt Bistro...and they look great!
There is no instinct like that of the heart~Byron
They say a messy desk is the sign of a busy person....at least that's how I justify my messy desk lately.
Finally! RT : BREAKING NEWS: The term #lehgo is not cool anymore.
a ship shaped like a star
Super Bowl love!! Huge!!!
Extraordinary wonderful, is what you are to me. Undeniabley beautiful is what I see, all for me, and I love you…
What caused it to become unavailable?
I want a handheld recorder so i can say "note to self" all day
Damn. I'm full moon horny tonight. ;-)
qi's 'habitat' image in for Utah
Anxiety dream last night. I was taking a seminar taught by George H.W. Bush and owed him a paper.
Today marks 3 years on my breast cancer/survivor journey ~ still grateful, joyful, humbled how He cares for us! There is no one like my God!
#10factsaboutme 1) I shall not steal 2) I shall not kill 3) I shall remember the sabbath and keep it holy ♥RT if God's law is the only law♥
Had a great time at Mickah hornes bday party. Thanks to all who came and had a good time :)
Okay so the show tomorrow night is now FREE! NYU Battle of the Bands for a slot at CMJ? We better see you all there =D
love love love :] *dreaming*
Russel brand is hosting the MTV awards. Ok. Ew.
- Korea put up a good fight... I didn't know that Darren was huge Korean Baseball fan.
yes! I love it!(: they're so much better
So pumped about new overpriced Leica BW-only digital camera that I'm going to spend the weekend shooting my Hasselblad w/ BW AND color film
seriously though. They're good.
“Man’s mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes
im great my brother!!! Just had a baby girl and working like mad!! You know, doing the family thing!!
Today is the day April 30th – Celebrate the Seasons Fashion Show and Greenie Awards at the Plaza of the Rockies Doors open at 6:00
i followed the homie. how about a follow back brotha?
Big Dick Bandit aha Lolz
Thanks for looking!
Technically, off to rehearsal number three . . . What was I thinking??
TURQUOISE SKINNY JEANS TODAY!!!
Happy Leap Day! We hope to connect with as many of you as possible and Build a newark list Network that Is a Resource to all!
In West Hollywood it looks like a lot of its denizens went to the same plastic surgeon and ordered the Nonchalant Gay Boy Face.
Like the universe, your #advertising #media choices are expanding. Already use TV, radio, print? Travel to the outer reaches of out-of-home.
sure! what was the first atl song you heard?
omg that would be even worse!!!! xD then some one would sue ToysRUs
Saw Mikey. FINALLY. i thought i was like going blind or something.
#schoolmemories getting drunk and not going
Not yet... I have a few producers I will be talking to. I will be more than willing to show her what i got.
Idgaf what you say. Loiter Squad is dope af!
Free book Friday is back! RT this tweet for a chance at winning $75 in books! Reply with your favorite baseball team for two chances!
i cant open it
and not as spooky as the one we went to
are you a secret country star? Strong resemblance to Luke Bryan on the cover of his album...
Best idea ever!! RT Thinking about making a trip to
Suspect in deputy involved shooting dies of wounds.
That cons have greater #s that libs = key to Rubio's point. While technically inacc., his claim achieved same net effect.
Hmm. Considering switching from Mustache.js to Underscore.js. Same compressed size, same templating features, but _ has more usefulness...
i'm exhausted. i wish i could just sleep all day.
I wish I could but I'm in AZ for 2 weeks.
Missionary? No, not me I like my p*ssy from behind
Up early to work on homework. Just discovered Sliderocket. Cool. Quiet in the house today with Liam gone.
I learned the most about very LARGE scale enterprise #business modeling while at JPMorgan Chase. Some of the best tech guys in the business.
damn right u are
I totally want to take the comics classes & Caroline Picard are teaching, but time & money conflicts prevent me...
The Movie Sensei officially gives #XMenFirstClass the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Woo!! :-D RT : AWARD WINNERS: Maryville and Indiana University Purdue for Best Print Campaign! Congratulations!
Calling all Smartphone users! A HistoryMiami Smartphone app is in the works! More details coming soon.
Had a good workout in the gym tonight! Now it time to eat some grub!
wow….so mind blown
Since Sept 2010??? how did I miss this ???
cmdr-in-chief made a decision 2make the country safer, a tough call, & now Bin Laden is dead. Every1's sounding off.How about u?
Im Hiring customer service, sales, dispatch operators, & managers in Union, NJ
My TL is all about the match and then this---> ": Sex is bad.....Sex is a sin....Sins are forgiven.......So stick it in."
my computer twitter works, phone twitter = nothing.
RIP Leslie you will be missed!
Stadium may be big winner in cricket tourney: "This is what we've anticipated for many years, bringing international top level cricke...
Yikes Kansas! Better wake up!
This bus is hilarious omg lmfao
TGIF kiddos will b at nanas...mommy gets to work :)
its wednesday and people saying it looks like im getting ready like its friday
Is it just me or did Nike start making thicker headbands for lebron?
It's not #FF but you should follow - she's 1 of the most amazing teachers I know! She'll be Secretary of Education 1 day.
Have you checked out It's our big sister site. It's pretty cool.
Super psyched about getting suits/shirts back from tailor, now just need an excuse to wear 'em. On unrelated note, tonight's plan: sashimi!
Review: An engaging and well-written detective novel with a hero quite unlike any other in detective fiction.
Happy Birthday! :D <3
A million words spoken are far out-weighted by 3 simple words spoken, which are followed by action...
The real people n ur life don't take them 4 granted
We are! We have a beautiful patio that I'm sure the pugs will luv!
don't know what's going on, but pray everything works out!
I have an email composed to you-I am just waiting to hear back from friend- Plus I had another good idea! ;)
Today get a free medium drink with any purchase of a burger or dog and fries.
shes lucky i dont hit women. Plus she was making slick comments toward the wifey.
you gonna be able to watch the red river shootout from Namibia or do they not have satellite in the bush
Going to be keeping my editor busy!
Done sat thru bout 4 lights already. It would b nice if every car except mine breakdown.
Or kitties. You know, if she's not a dog person.
After a marathon #PSAid season and a mad dash to midnight last night, we wanted to thank all the participants! Stay tuned for winners' info!
Too bad you backed the wrong horse.
Hi Kimberly, Looking for a specific designer pageant dress? If u give me the designer's name I can check to see if we carry.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
But I want to hear all your other comments!!!
#Lakeshow will be taking the series tonight.
Just when you think things are looking up and everything is going to be okay, the world crashes down on top of you.
Quaker! “: Cedar Rapids smells like chicken.”
Da Future is Now
S/O TO MY FOLLOWERS...I HAVE REACHED MY 3000TH TWEET
A drop in the ocean, a change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together
Yes! drop them off at the Mission 3 NW Third in pdx or at our thrift store in Tigard call 503 639 6488
Teaming up with other sites for contests soon. Working on finishing the promo cards and we are mailing out prizes for past ones as soon as..
#BestAlbumEver tom petty "your gonna get it"
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
indeed.. just got off of work now though :-)
ugh, always unfortunate to see a bad spray tan.
This is not the Droid you are looking for. This is an Incredible 2.
I hope the #Chiefs get Powe developed alongside Poe. I'm digging Po' Boys as a nickname, personally.
I guess that's that Warrensville education...lol
Prophecy Image Consulting's website will be down for a short amount of time due to a cosmetic rehab. Stay tuned!
Thanks for the help! I e-mailed you about surveying the event. Do we have the OK?
Looking forward to your #Type A Mom gift list!
He is Awesome and such a Hottie!
ahahahahha! Hey! At least your back on twitter? Did you see the pic sent you?
I'm not sure! She didn't reply yet do idk :/
My drum = my Heart Beat, very cool! ; ) keep dancin, James!
- Thx Kenny! Have on your iPhone? If not, check it out. Ppl can even share where they see speed traps too! /cc
Can we talk about it???
Open mic follows program tonight @ Olmos Bharmacy, around 8:00. Bring your guitar or whatever.
It is better to have thought you had two days off in a row and not had than to never have felt like you'd never escape your job...right?
Oh! Didn't think u were referring to ME... Na I don't think that! My discerment ain't THAT far off! Lol
This kid just keeps running his mouth
Well today was definitely one of those days that the to do list go tossed to the wind
Website almost ready. Stay tune! Follow us
Here he goes again.
RT : A4: space to dance? where ever you make it!
that's pretty awesome
had a power workout my abs are killing me. got to be up early. taking the bike to the track for a test run. night peeps.
What Should You Do When You Have No Money To Spend? Do you have no money to spend on the things that you want and need? That is the gener
Watched "Waiting for Superman" documentary last night. If you are interested in educating our children, check it out.
No work today?
People who help us GROW our money....Priceless!!!!!
": "If everyone thinks you suck, they're not haters. They're right." Daniel Tosh please father my children." After mine ;)
KUSH and cool aid
I literally just saw a bunch of ELEMENTARY kids jump another kid!
You know you've been w/o a couch too long when you think, "This camp chair is pretty comfortable." C'mon Tuesday: I'm staying a city girl!
not sure if you guys noticed but the Sasha Pavlovic show is on TNT right now.
nobody likes to get spammed.... calm your balls.
thank u so much.
Set your mind on positive things... What you put in is what you get out!! #positivity!!
Boutta pass out
what dat be like??
And Whos That?.
If I don't get a text back imma be pissed.
I don't wanna get raped! :/
watchin the walter payton doc on nfl network the greatest ever
Cheering for Hansen in the Derby!
Off to purdue with and
Working in the garden. Weed block my a$$! It's barely a weed speed bump.
#sexualcultures Patten describes customs using magnifying glass on shipments of porn in Aus, determining legality by age
boo, you whore.
Goldfish fried fish combo! Clams, shrimp and scallops with fries.
Have a wonderful holiday weekend and be safe. I'm heading south to visit family.
Say my name, say my name.
CANNABIS MILK & DARK CHOCOLATE BARS ARE BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND! Potent Indica Saturn OG & LSD Bubba flying off the shelf 2day! WEEDMAPS.com
In 5 min Ruby Dior will perform her first show! J Lo - "Get on the floor!"
The Blackstone Hotel
Plus doing a bake sale at the local "market days" in a couple weeks. What are your bake sale secret weapons? What's hot in your area?
Please say you'll be performing your magic in Washington DC....when? When?
Your so sweet!! :)
neighbour just asked me if he could have a skip outside our house, i told him yeah you can do ******* cartwheels round the block if you want
happens to me everytime.
Richard Parsons, former CEO of Time Warner, reported to be stepping down at Citibank.
i be wildn cuss im youngg
where are we going? ;-)
Cooking out today, nothing fancy just burgers!! Baked Beans and French fries!!!
if we only had faith the size of a mustard seed, we could say to the mountains "move"! and they would move!! :))
happy birthday! Hope you have a fun time! c:
On the air tonight with all coming up
Uh yeah there was a period when you broke up with me. You can go to a girls house but i can't like a picture? That makes sense
I can't wait for The Avengers!
Of course I'm being sarcastic. If she said "Nice Ultraman shirt!" I'd have been shocked.
one time?
lmao, well if u were fully insulted instead of slightly I may have actually felt bad :P hahaahahahha
Da Nada. :) safe travels for your family.
feel like i skipped a beat here - applying for entry level jobs a year or so too late
swag, swag, swag, ON YOU! (; hahaha
Yay Donna & for receiving grant for American Antiquarian Society project!
Something is rustling in the dead leaves next to my deck. Snake or salamander?
Julian Assange has plans to launch his new TV talk show next week.The Pentagon will DVR every episode because it's on the same time as Ellen
gotta love indiana high school basketball richmond v. new castle 930whon.com
TEAM STALK HOPE I DOT PEE MY PANTS
Thanks for the follow Corpus Christi (CorpusTXDaily)! :)
Kill em with kindness 😊
#TenThingsToKnowAboutMe I'm super athletic
love that one too. Also like: "I bet that you look good on the dance floor"
Portia's speech in Julius Caesar!
Just ran into my favorite professor, Professor Ganz. He's so awesome.
I like how comedians use that one stool for their only prop. lol
It'd be funny to make a label for your own brand of salsa and go around to grocery stores sticking them on other brands of salsa.
Just finished my best workout EVER
saw that on your Facebook, if my house was pet friendly I would steal that cute punkin.
I'm pretty sure I know what Stockholm Syndrome feels like now.
Well said.
I hate when people be touchin my hair like its fake. ! Lmao all natural babby. !
Congratulations to my good friends Sergio & Crystal who today @ 9:35 am had a new little baby boy named Santiago. Let the BBQ-ing begin.
Putting it on my list! RT : A7 Read the book #FrenchKidsEatAnything Q7 #Foodiechats - How do we improve the food kids eat?
Had some #chustin bonding time this weekend!!!! <3
Heat look terrible right now
I'll take that bet for 50.
Hate when I absentmindedly change the size of everything on my monitor.
Haha. Looks like my day's about to get a whole lot better, too!
She hated everyone... lol
Sometimes its the smallest decisions that can change your life forever. - Keri Russell
I'm convinced the Clippers are trying to make a mockery of the game. The 4 worst possessions I've ever seen all back-to-back-to-back-to-back
great to have u back at #CLA2012. U belong since we have "LA" in the name!
Do you only thank your clients in December for supporting your efforts? Why wait & get lost in the crowd? SeanLetwat
LA is up by 1 in the 3rd. Is anyone surprised by this?
Witnessed Hoffman's 560th career save....awesome.
You're welcome.
Damn is it really Monday???
i bet u cant wait for monday [;
my yiayia's chicken & noodles w tomato/onion. It's my fav from my childhood, served with a big glass of milk ;) you cooking?
and 4 losses...I CAN say that
glad we are sharing our beautiful weather with you this weekend. Enjoy!
nothing like random drunk ladies screaming at you mid performance.
I'm going through withdrawals...
who hasn't touched her ebay app in a month? this chick
I'm starting a new hash tag tonight I will use for stuff I say say that should be written down...it won't get over used..MAYBE once a day..
Looking forward to the NFL Draft tonight! Have 2 friends who may go in the fist round! Good Luck, guys!
its easy to make waffles, just buy some egos, then heat that b!tch up :)
Going to #Qdoba for some free queso. Thanks :)
depends on the house, but w/ WWTT: It's...lower case if still attached to ellipsis. And then... Capitalized if not attached.
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself
Thanks for having David and Brent on Sunday morning's show. I owe you guys some root beer floats!
frog strangling lol I like that
Can u guys follow her plz :) Thanks HMU for any shout outs
Anyways I'm gonna have a good lunch today.
"we are like butterflies who flutter for a day and think it is forever''
Scary/true: I was 15, alone in a maze in Versailles, flashed & chased by a man in a trenchcoat. YA dystopian fic has none of that real fear.
Stop alex really.
She is a thing of beauty!
(Cont.) but you never replied or was ever online enough.. But I'm just glad that they contributed to a good cause.
Im following...best wishes and much success to you!
LOVE IT, "That One Dude" 8)
Q: How many Cancerians does it take to change a lightbulb? A: None: A Cancerian would worry herself to death with the problem.
i wish. you can't edit or delete anything from a former guide. it's like starting on square negative 600.
My dad just locked the keys in the car....
aww! I used to do that! Why did I stop? Don't recall.
Ol I fuck for pop tarts
Congrats on your hard work! We may need extras for our production if you're interested...
she doesn't even understand hungy games.
Where thou art, that is home. -Emily Dickinson
God please show me somethin!!!
ThMorUKno Scholar Adele Yarbro Collins writes, “Revelation is a historical document [&] a literary creation…of artistic beauty and power.”
worst spring break ever >>>>>
I'm off to see the LOBOS...the wonderful Lobos of
Haven't heard from this girl all day
1st of all you ain't s'posed to be up in the bridal shop but since you insist if your bride-to-be wants ballgown. Shuddup and let her glide.
Do you know the steps and processes of managing accountability?
I saw you guys got Byrd. That was a nice pickup
Bummed I'm not at Little 5 right now. better feel pretty important
thanks for sharing, I hadn't caught this yet.
Which is the bigger crime, forcing ugrads to cough up $ for the next edition, or repackaging freely available info?
Pretty good progress on finalizing this score. Wondering how faithfully to transcribe piano part. Vocal is done.
the dildo, strap on & lube.... I got chuuuuu LOL
“ Get rid of that skank Ashley. #revenge”
I feel like Austin has seen Sleepless in Seattle one too many times.
US history sucks nuts
Everyone has wounds. Some we're healed from and some we're not. Give others permission to be flawed.
you should, and hit my panel at 3pm :j
- " Age Is Just a Number" - Yeah Well .. Jail is Just a room
I'm at #BlogathonATX today, surrounded by the glitterati of the Austin blog scene.
Bummed to miss #GoToExplore. Rock it & ! Be good to & And have some bourbon for me :)
Constant #latenights #midnights in #Singapore is a norm. Can't help it. The adrenaline for success is worth it. My new set coming out Tmr!
I had a little bit way too much fun last night.
yaaaay i got over 500 followers. :)
: My buddy, Fluffy, wrote a nutty sexy dark detective book. Free on Kindle until the 22nd. Baby Shark by Robert Fate htt ...
Brother, your comment on the world's longest trading card was priceless. Good, good stuff.
I like it! Love the sparkles.
Backstrom continues to get raped in the face off circle.
"Someday you will find me, caught beneath the landslide, in a champagne supernova in the sky" original quote by , stolen by oasis
Toms are the most beautiful and most disgusting shoes ever created. ((i have really sweaty feet okay))
sometimes :D
Workaholics on Netflix. Not bad.
you know, taking it easy blessed w/ #Favor!! How the fam doing? Btw How are you?
Listening to Intel #CIO - what we do in #IT is often invisible - interesting thought
It's hard to believe but has made an even better product. A near perfect reading experience.
Noo not Thursday, I have weekend tickets. So excited for the game!
doh! of course. looking too hard for patterns i am
it looks good thooo its not much taken off
I likED you before I got to know the real you.
moving to a house in Wayne! :(
aw you look so cute with your family. 😃.
That would be correct, can't go wrong with a Simpsons mug!
yes,yes i did Emma. U know me too well :)
Great success 👍
So juiced up for clippers and grizzlies. Come on Z Bo!
Just heard #Different. So good! Hope you make it down to Central Florida!
I refuse to take any type of advice from people that don't have doctorine degrees in physcology or therapy.
“: hope I'm invited 🎉”no im sorry you didnt make the cut #wuhahaha jkkkk
Come to tampa 8
well not that I'm not enjoying u...cause I am! But I must get dressed and go get dinner. Hav a gd nite sexy
Kq hearts < aj off vs this maniac blind vs blind for 1.1 million at 12k and chiplead of tourney. Turn k river flush. 52nd $3880.
My dog Winky gets to stay with his uncles this weekend!
I know I'm a little behind, but god damn #WWE why is it that just b4 leaves, you let him REALLY be CM Punk? Huge loss 4 us fans
thank you!!!
My LINdolences go out to Whitney Houston's loved ones....there I'm done with social media for the day
#Oomf have me thinking back
I can't stop fangirling over Say Somethin. Omg.
there's something about my friend that i can't stop thinking about like he understands me...
Got the SICK. Cold, fever, boohoo. But thanks to Jennifer Jarrett for subbing my class. She will love you up Tuesday night!
A real man wouldn't care about your past, because he knows with you he has a future."
The images we have of ourselves and the worlds we live in are fraud. To believe in what you see and hear as matter of fact is self deceit.
RT : I'm going swimming 2moro and working to a more healthier diet. your advice helps!! thankyou :)
That was me who sent the present.... just had someone else deliver it like a champ.
Thanks, guys! ;)
It's a special screening. That's all I know for now. I'll keep you updated.
WOw. Am seriously awe-stricken. Clever, clever cleaver!
Mini edibles food Att part tonight at h&h building #bmoevent here with puffs
Casting Crowns tonight with :)
4:30 am get a text from the brother "tootsies!!!" nothing more
Stop in for a beautiful hand-tied bouquet for Easter, only $14.99!
ii think im in love with icp
ok then lol
$CHK got four May 11 puts
Well, I'm never washing clothes again. A fucking spider came down from the ceiling and landed on my hand. I have officially lost my shit.
No! In a way, it's a much bigger problem of course -- considering that ballplayers usually don't fly off the handle....
We are a gypsy company, performing around Pgh. However, some of our favorite places to perform are in the #Cultural District
Ok so it turns out that changing my username fucks up Echofon and whatnot...which kinda sucks. Oh well.
I get my most up to date news from Facebook.
Grats to Monique and Kiera for being October's Darlins of the Month
Feeling better now, still hurtin a little
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune
Looking forward to that. Glad he's in the NL....
James Rodgers is the early (and I mean EARLY) MVP of the game.
what'd y'all eat? We got yellowtail, kale, tri-tip, spinach, and white beans over here
when a teacher leaves you in charge of the classroom>> (: i feel powerfull bahaha
nah, he has a point.
Pitt fans - was Andy Lee this good in college? This is honestly one of the best punting performances I have ever seen. Can't get field pos.
Horace~ You traverse the world in search of happiness which is within the reach of every man. A contented mind confers it on all.
Sleep~ I wants it right now xD
Jack and Rose had the strongest love for each other..She never did let go #WishLoveWas like the movies
How? I'd support. Link? MT Encourage informal convos in phys & virtual spaces. (I'm working to make this happen)
Fuck that's it I'm moving to the uk.
Thanks, Jordan.
RT : Scott Walker is pulling ahead in the Wisconsin gubernatorial recall election: /Whose head is he pulling? He can't be leading.
I really need to not sing so loud when im recording concerts..........lol
RT : #ThingsIReallyCantStand women talking. Seriously, shut the fuck up.
not you, DIS BITCH ON THE BUS.
Many NU fans say the same RT : WR Kyle Prater transfers to N'western from USC. "This is one of best days of my life" Prater said
Beloved Dad Lenny Bernstein hung alone w/ old friend McCoy Tyner a long time@ Kuumbwa Santa Cruz 2nite. Honored McCoy sent me his regards.
At the Granada for KT Tunstall...
says the hater RT“: came through clutch”
I'll have Another!!!
:) RT : Whenever I’m back in NYC I always make sure to call my grandmother! – ZS
Fall in love with me shawty you just might.
This lady better stop scratchin' that chalk so hard on the board!
GoodNight Twitter :)
Thanking the opera gods that I have a night to rest before heading into busy weekend of labor negotiations, auditions, MGF and Stern Grove!
I stay ready
RT : What is the end goal of the social media program? Figure that how and then you can find the unit for evaluation
When you don't know your value, you will pawn your affection for temporary satisfaction.
RT“: Do not buy cat food/owned by who supports Rush Hate Radio #stoprush #boycottrush”
When I'm mad I don't think before I speak.. I try to say the most evil things
Again I ask r Ur CDs sell'n bitch mine is
just because you didn't get called a loser for once though lolol.
The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966Money doesn't talk, it swears
Wait, don't be quiet! We (software devs) need to hear exactly the kind of things you're sharing! It's the lifeblood of our work!
aw but being a kid is so fun. I have one in pink. :) You're too adorable.
Filner: cities like Minneapolis, Seattle have a Public Art Fund and you can tell, the minute you step in the city. SD needs that
My home internet is slower than my phone internet.
make two dreams come true but following me nd 42
sure, and you can buy legal forms online... but is it as good? my tomatoes are amazing.
which article? The SWs in Cali one?
I'll give you easy!
School, work, and then more storyboards!! :)
l'll make like a baby...head out first. lmao...made me giggle.(:
I'm sugar and spice and everything nice. But if you want to mess with me, you better think twice!
Would like 2 thank everyone who came out 2 Lalo's UIC for Tropical Wed and left it all on the dance floor. Que Viva la Salsa Mi Gente.
I used my Carvin BX250 micro bass head last nite with my Hartke 2100PRO(2X10) cab with excellent results!.good volume and BIG sound..I like!
That is so funny!!
I'm not even gonna sit here and go back and forth with this dumbass on facebook .. tumblr i missed you ;3
A Friday in east OAKLAND.
Shout outs to and -- awesome Reno folks using !
that's like one of the best jobs ever :)
haha I know where'd they come from? & I found out you can turn notifications off, its on the upper right hand side of the page!
yo who u talk to book that event
What's with guys and bikini pics? I mean seriously.
...why arent we married?
THANK YOU! :)
oh I'm so embarrassed! How could I get that wrong!
Producer just canceled an audition on me...our lives for sure dont revolve around yours mother fucker....find someone else this was a favor
Lovin the things I got
in the show this week - sessions live performance segment features at check out #sounddiego Sat, 1am after SNL
It's only a problem if your dignity is worth more than $20.
Trying to decide on my new #headshot... Harder than it looks...
SO last week. There's only ONE DIRECTION now.
Emily's 5th grade Mission (about the Am Revolution): "use your passions, talents and areas of interest to become active citizens!"
The more I watch the #Pirates the more I am getting pulled back in! Great game tonight
I outta do both, haha. Maybe I can make Bill Gates scared. :P
Wow, it's all going on down reyard way today, cloverleaf market is turning into a gas station!
Hey! We have a show at the KEYNOTE CAFE. Doors open at 5:30 at the show starts at 6. Try to make it out! :D
Paul Simon - Graceland - 09:31 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
“ You got everybody fooled but me,”
Make me over again by Tonex has to be one of the best alter call songs ever! Still love that song!
KDWB/Minneapolis braces for the arrival of new PD Rich Davis, who transfers from CC sister WRVW/Nashville. He replaces Rob Morris. RAMP!
Listening to the new Aborted album Global Flatline! :)
i know! I'm mad they made me aware of how dirty they are, and I can't get it til August!
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!♥nowww! 4 more awesomee people!
Loved from Loreal at OMMASOCIAL esp liked the community of hair colorists.
ohh! hah(: i live in PA! :( Im trying to get him to cm. To Washington DC, cuz i live 2 hrs away!
haha u in Houston? I was just in Dallas and Houston touring with Rickey Smiley
yup, he's my Dad's little brother
It's National Volunteer week. Have you participated? if so, tweet about it with #Idothemostgood and get noticed!
Oh, my. Who can forget how Popeye had to save Santa Claus and Christmas from *her*? :-)
Got my hair did :) homecoming tonight!!
Green Door Labs' first tweet! W000t!!! Hi everyone!
good to see you Gil,) Jonni A,)
“: When did you renew? This deal was valid from Jan. 1-31 only.” December. That explains it!
Well no but it will
and i definitely just fist pumped the finding of a petition. i'm still cool, right guys?
Q: I'm not sure if this was already asked but what is the turnaround time from writing a children's animated show to airing?
titanic 3d...not as bad as i expected. still love kate and leo.
It is a really great house in a terrific location. Thank-you for the comment!
i want some new people to talk to, hit me up!
I like the idea of getting the work done first thing in the morning, then doing other things. Might have to try that. Thanks!
Man I Miss How The Old Novelas Use To Be! My Shit Use To "Al Diablo Con Los Guapos" Best One Ever! Lol
Don't scare me. I have virtually every doc I've created in five years stored on Google Drive. With no backup.
You should be with me
Watching a re-run of Gilmore Girls ♥
TODAY!! Crab Spinach Omelette/ Bacon, Cheddar, Onion Browns or “NurburgRing” Sausage Benedict!! Last day for the "NurburgRing" special!!!
Finished at the gym and done with my yoga time to get ready to go to work!
90 minute cardio/weight workout, healthy dinner, and a nice sunset.
Congrats to your son and your household. Go on and do the happy dance. We wont tell anyone.
ur really my hero in so many ways
Juggoliterature in the Spring RT : What a beautiful day to lay in the park and read about Juggalos.
Well I'm tired after a long day fun night. Later gator.
Wow I hadn't heard that - awesome to hear that & hopefully they will get their act together on the attribution asap
Good Fantasy Numbers doesn't make you a Good NFL QB.....sorry geeks
Hope everyone's getting their fill of baseball. It's been a while since the batter batters have hit homers!
I agree
RIP Elizabeth Taylor :(
If you forget why you live in New York, go to Washington Square Park on the most gorgeous afternoon of the year
#INDIETIPS MAKE SURE YOU EMBED YOU INFO IN YOUR MUSIC!
I'm going to invent eye dye, baby blues will finally be mine!! 👀💙
at your show now in bmore laughing our ass off . anway we can get together for a pic?
; you a annoying stupid stupid hoe :)
Awww Thanks Friend!!!!
I'm very social, but lately I've preferred the quite life. Some wine, a good book, a scary movie, & some cuddling beats shitfaced any day!
hope all gets better for you, I have had my share of bad days, best part is they end eventually
Just liked your FB page and will follow on Twitter. Look forward to your updates.
He tops my list over humidity, mosquitos, I95 & the smell of old people RT : jeff ireland, you are the reason i am never happy.
And all the winds go sighing, For sweet things dying.
-Gudmornin happy to see another day a lil mad but the man up stairs makes mhe happy if no one else can he can Thanks God-!!
please follow me love you justin
so glad I am not the only one who still thinks blue crush is the best movie of all time
Huh, more Canadians have read my blog today than anyone else. If I had to guess why... I'd have no idea whatsoever. But thanks, Canadians!
Loving this fall weather. #PumpkinSpiceLatte from is what I need right now.
My last U.S. dining experience of 2011: waitress screams back to kitchen "Don't throw away the chili!" right after I ordered it. Bon voyage.
thank you for retweeting us.
From all the staff & members of UNCA, have a great holiday season & a very happy & successful 2011
"Strangers telling 'I love you' Fuck it I don't know why but I love you too!"
Couldnt be happier :)
& Hubby SPLIT! Watch Twitter EXPLODE!!!!!!!
iTunes podcast.
It’s the first official day of #spring! How do you plan on celebrating?
Last night's reading had a lovely audience and a spotlight that made me wish I'd worn sunscreen. is not as fair, so OK.
Ugh. That's the worst!
9-12 RT : Don't forget about the winter this Saturday. It's the last one until May!
HIGHLY doubt tampering by Bennett & UVa. They reportedly requested permission through proper channel & was denied.
But Roberts cuter.
Basic app features for a local chiropractor? Provide helpful easy to reach information to your clients
Cassie:Did you hear Raven Samone is lesbian? ME:OOOOOHHH...THAT'S SO RAVEN! *SNAPS* LOLOLOLOLOLOL!!
SFA defeats SHSU 68-46 to advance. Gardner (Yates) finished with 13 points and Scott (LaPorte) added 9.
“: tickets for the showed up in the mail this weekend. I cannot wait for June! go !” See U there Jason!
Yes i am
Yes can you e-mail me more information.
#onMYSPACE . . . Oh wait, I deleted mine a long time ago!
I wanna go so bad. June 8th and 10th. I really want to go.
Enjoying "Zilch" by Nancy Lublin and learning a lot too. We have a lot to learn from Not For Profits.
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
Why cant I just masterbate and fall asleep like everyone else?
I am having Cheerios for breakfast. It has been a while and they taste really good.
StinksRT Apparently , a sports bar, is unable to play audio on the final four... That makes total sense. 👎
"To Infinium and Beyond" says Sam Adams and ( cc: ) This badge will be a pleasure to unlock
Dear Candidates: None of you has a uterus. Don't tell me what to do with mine.
The music business is undoubtedly unfair, but if you had to choose between being #Mozart or #Salieri, whom would you pick?
has some fantastic food for tomorrow's gala! Thank you for making #ypweek happen!
Gary the snail's full name is Gary Wilson Jr.
EXCL. PREVIEWS: "Buffy Season 9," "Conan" & More Courtesy of Dark Horse, CBR presents exclusive advance looks at new comics hitting store
you never really thought you were entitled to public records that might be embarrassing, did you?
Symptomatically speaking, a good man is a man who helps others without any expectation of reciprocation.
you can come by our stand at 14th and U on Saturday or Bloomingdale on Sunday. Does that work?
With so many sports experts out there, the only numbers that count are the ones on the scoreboard at the end of the game.
So, if you have art for our new show, HOBBY FUN FOR EVERYONE!, bring your pieces tomorrow 5-8p or saturday 12-5. I'm getting excited y'all!
really, your gonna hate on the people who can help you the most and that you've already worked with........
haha I got you!
is acting up again! Is there anything going on I should know? Evernote for Mac is getting annoying these days.
Be safety conscious. 80% of people are caused by accidents.
We have a ways to go still before folks like could use us, but we'll keep chugging along!
but I avoided the reckless and didn't get got
": respect. Let's build man." I'm a big fan! Let's build soon. Peace!
A quiet man, is a thinking man. A quiet woman, is usually mad.
None of the music on the site is working man. Can you send me a link for megaupload or .rar file?
Let's do this ! RT bdix73: will there be a check-in this Wed-Sat?
Let's stop listing pagers on that list of electronic devices that should be turned off.
having not enough polos or real clothes
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
We need to vc and play guitar together again. I got better ;)
