Well that's fucking AWESOME! No need to cus though. Cusing is bad for the soul.
WOW! that bus didn't even beep-
don't be so hard on jimmy!
I think we replaced your replacement?
Ok Thanks
Anytime! The idea is that GETs are safe and idempotent and POSTs are not.
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." ~Henry David Thoreau (via )
Getting excited about a fun week of food, family, friends and giving thanks!!
Wow go all day in a house with no service then as soon as i get home i get 9 texts i feel loved
It's a sad day, one of the great sax player past on. I guess God needed a sax player for his R & R band. You will be missed by all. RIP:-(
Lol i can give u sum of mines its the big bottle.
Greatly enjoyed teaching #CyberPRMTSU yesterday! Great questions and even gave me a lot to think about. Thanks
Who else thought that Jos A. Bank was an actual bank at first? Lol
Im tired of the people i love treating of like shit..
Pondering photo booth props for TC Disrupt NYC...any ideas? The more creative, the better.
How many more #Brewers will be HBP before this series is over!
What a great time last night at the Federal Affair, so many great players out supporting music.
I love u so much I live right near Washington dc come by haha guess Wat my moms bday is on Christmas always will b fan love u
Isn't our family famous for knitting? I have three scarves that are half done in the closet. They have been half done for 7 years.
I'll be in the RF bleachers on Saturday.
going to get my hair done!
haha GO TO SLEEP (:
Early bird rate for SMILEcon in Dallas ends Sept 10th. www.theSMILEConference.com
Awesome, well hopefully, it helps you sleep... but you should run more anyways, it's good for ya!
awesome! Great job!
things are good. How was your weekend?
Reminder: Early-bird discount for the May 8 #sentiment symposium ends today!
I cant fuck wit a young nigga they always expect a bitch to do everything , square ass
ah!! Thanks!
I think we should be rooting for the Mavs to win tonight...in 12 OTs.
“: I'm just a summer girl ☀” oh. cool.
I sure am hungry. Resisting the urge to buy food at the airport.
Colder Weather - Zac Brown Band
have we learned nothing from the Geico commercials? Cave men are people too!
Drinking my green juice from my coors plastic cup for breakfast.
no respect is what it is
I think they shouldn't have spring training...
Oh! That's bull! Me n killed y'all!
Thanks! You should check out some updates we just posted to the site. ;)
i did!!!! but we only stayed till about 11:15 anyways
Job fair coming up soon for a ATL office. Stay tuned!
Off to get library cards in Highgate and Kentish. We love Highgate Library Day is 5 March
not gunna say i dnt like it wen ppl holla@ me Wat woman dnt? But ill ask u2 respect my marriage &keep the convo decent...
i was using txt. did u get my msg about ur song i wonder and its impact on my life?
Hope you're feeling better and back on the field in no time!
Never apologize for being positive! Fingers crossed and good vibes being sent your way!
I'd love to work with you. My work is mostly commercial and I have installations on the West coast.
Nearing completion of the movie adaptation synopsis.
Traffic signal problems in Minneapolis. noticing delays? Email
Made my morning to see u!! RT delightful monday morning ...got to feel 's baby move!
It feels so early...
NO! It is going to be me and Maddy and Jade! NO KAYLA! :P
Obama and Clinton off to Cartagena gabfest - Washington Post (blog)
it's actually hurting my eyes! Lol
Scallop n shrimp Skewers with a special sauce... Its gonna be good!
Best offensive inning of #Brewers #postseason history?
THE MEN at Mississippi Studios, 6/23. Fuck yeah.
Left hand, right hand, it doesn't matter. I'm amphibious- Charles Shackleford
Refer Somebody and receive a $50 discount on your next AD!!
Just know no one can take your place<3
Awesome Mother Daughter date, now off too bed!!! Goodnight ya'll!!!!
Add me on Facebook, and like my Facebook page!
I'm ina silly mood today =P
Last Day to Like us on Facebook (SBXThe125) & post where you would go in SD with $50 of gas in your tank and win a $50 gas card!
Too early to tell w/o seeing whole plan. But can I call Rams the LA frontrunners now that I'm a columnist? Guess I just did.
Good luck with your phone interviews #JMS581! I was in ur shoes-trust me, you'll survive...but it sure ain't easy : ) Don't get discouraged!
“: I love things about her but I don't love her.” love this song ❤
New Background <3
Right now I'm working from microfilm copy though, so a look at the original should solve it, thankfully
Oops! Accidentally approved someone who's been spamming me with job opportunities on LinkedIn.
A few things I love about being single is that I get to focus on my music, get to move 2300 miles away without caring.. And masturbation.
o thats cool, whats the theme if there is and whats the color of ur dress, im mad im asking all these questions lol
ugh i can't even like why do i not have jack barakat like in my house right now? This is a legit logical question thoo.
Seeing starting #optometrist base salaries around $90k + productivity bonus. Need productivity if they want bonus to pay off their loans.
Happy Birthday to today! Hope to see you and get a hug- have a great day.
ADAAA - the "assume disability and attempt to accommodate" act not Americans with disabilities act amendment act.
[jack gilbert] the first fist, the thirst
*16 and pregnant
I heard the 'National Lampoons Vacation' remake just got the green light. Knock it off, Hollywood! Quit ruining these film's legacies.
Yay! I think I finally convinced the people in my household to get rid of cable television!
Fuck, I second that motion (for myself of course). If only I could afford such a thing!
That was well done. Wakefield to Mirabelli.
that's cause I love that picture of you three!
The Best Diabetes Treatment « cre8tive M.V.
im sad that the first election i get to vote in is such a boring election. Z at both candidates 😒
ha! I like that! thats my new slogan!
I don't care Booboo I just miss you so much u.u
Any Super Bowl plans? or forgetting they're even on
Just saw a homeless man with a sign saying "hungry & ugly." Makes me sad :(
oh yeah..... AC bills off the charts.
From the "Far Right Conservative New Language" 1) Kenya: an island in the Hawaiian chain where President Obama was born.
I love camping. Like you I can't get to everything to participate and talk as much as I'd like to...
SPIT YOU OUT!
If the Devils stay out of the box, they win this game easily.
running my 6th half-marathon this year! Shooting for under 2 hours this time.
Your very welcome ! We are so ready to learn and meet everyone
Louis is about to get this FOOT!
#thatawkwardmoment when the person KNOWS they deciphered something wrong but play it off as if they are right ...lol =P
take your charger
Another great time at WMSE #rockabillychili! Favs: Stubby's,Wicked Hop, Molly Cools, Jake's Deli, & Palomino/Attebury.
My mommy is the best cooking me a separate dinner cause I'm a princess 👑🎀
Definitely! What time? Any layover?
I love you.
EBGamesAus Demon's Souls for greatest PS3 game of all time. Until Shadow of the Colossus HD is released that is.
Bout to step into this pass life regression session...let us see
excited about the Spurs game tonight!
Haha ok... But you should pull for them everyday because they're so good! And Kinsler is so cute!
I just realized its thursday. Thought it was friday
Im securing a TV show for fall, a group of industrials here in Chi, and trying to finalize a few partnerships.
Tell your fave joke & win 2 tickets 2 our show Oct. 8 @ The Box! Can be original, off a popsicle or a fave comedian's! Submit by 2 tomorrow!
Piano bar-ing with and the Acrees lol
I absolutely do have the best girlfriend EVER!!!!:)<3
ARE YOU AWAKE? Did Chanel crash in your room last night?!?
feelin good. rehearsal later.
I am a huge Train fan. Even the new album and its mainstream sound...I can't not support them!
Can"t wait for the Club T tomorrow night at Red Rock
Like how Colts war room ppl act like NASA landing on the moon. High fiving eachother for picking Andrew Luck
I'm seein you in less Than 2 MONTHS, I am #SOEXCITED :D
This game is turn up!
Yum! Thanks for the tasty Mexican Hot Chocolate Brownies yesterday! It was nice meeting you guys!
why u sad??
Tebow!! this is the first time that ive been on and you've been on, haha its kinda cool :), God Bless, your a really great guy :)
Bagel and a banana cream yoplait light yogurt :) yum
Thanks for stopping by #LocalLoveEvent !!!
Fuck Bitches Get Money .
Going to sleep,
Took new company phote today for our catalog. My ugly mug is going out to 400000 businesses nationwide!
Mind blown and stomach on the verge of exploding after Adventure Time marathon/feast at Alamo... And now back to Cine Las Americas...
Thanks JAzmin for following us :D xoxo
Running through my apartment dancing and singing to
Titanic exhibit, Shark Reef, Bellagio fountains, were kinda cool. The real highlight of the day was a woman answering her phone, "Annyong".
SHRED SOME GNARRRRR
Thanks to Cody Simpson for following me. #ohWait he hasn't :(
rip late starts on wednesday.
RT : #ideas2action udemy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online & free.
Just realized that I forgot to call my Grandma on her birthday. Want to cry :( She is THE BEST!!
Nice! How was the fairgrounds and ?
thank! :D
Dr going to retest in 6 mos- then poss. food challenge
SORRY but Elise does NOT belong in the bottom 3. No way. She's probably one of the most unique ones there. Glad Skylar made it though!
Everyone follow this girl ----> She works her ace off and her parents own a fantastic winery Check it yo!
Melo is too clutch
RT : I'm excited to photograph this event! “: SELECT 2012 opens tomorrow! Saturday, February 11 6-8pm! FREE!...
hahhhaha hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
Do you remember being surprised when I didn't want to keep going to swim meets after you aged out? :-)
Just heard your name previewed on 1250. Best of luck on there sir!
good I'm at school already
the town is in hiatus cuz im here and not you
Utah (for quite some time) was a hub for aerospace and aeronautics - military. So lots of technical expertise and engineering
For the first time in a long, long, long time, our benches outside are visible! However, it appears the plow got one of the arms.
If nobody is making a SpaceChem MMORPG, I shall despair utterly.
This morning I saw a #Christmas gift sitting on my desk from the Boss. Needless to say it was a Leatherman. I am now ready for anything!
Omg dude is having heated argument with wife about infidelity via phone on bus.
#FF Lucky to have amazing colleagues as part of my PLN:
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 36
I wish my freaking laptop worked
Well I was born in the sign of water & its there that I feel my best. The albatross & whales they R my brothers. Time 4 a Cool Change
west coast pals-don't miss out on sunday's annular eclipse! and don't look right at it without eye protection!!
Happy Saints Day .... www.worldchampionfans.com GET YOUR BANNER TODAY!
we deliver #sushi right to your door.
McKenna's Timewave said nothing about the world ending, nor did the Mayans. Hollywood did.
Nice dinner with Daniel Coulon of Beaurenard last night at La Mere Germain; now off to taste some more CDP.
yah I fell asleep last night
feels like you dnt really wanna wake up tomorrow morning lol so u say that to motivate urself lol
A true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate
jakeeey i like cake! FOLLOW ME AYE?
Ugh headache! 😣
Not in them heels! :D
I saw a kid who looked like Nick Mara yesterday.
Watching the shuttle launch online makes me even more excited to attend the #NASATweetup next month!
Call it the same way that you call it the first 10 seconds. Hope they meet them in #NCAA Tourney.
Join us! -MT : Tomorrow's #CrawfishMambo Cook-Off has been relocated inside the Cove! Close to parking,far from the elements!
ok ok FB bought Instagram soo wat? i dnt get y its a big deal
Who cares? Your opinion matters less than mine..
At Serb Hall to hear Vinehout, Barrett, Falk and LaFollette tell me why I should vote for them. Starts at 6:30!
La Dispute is such an inspiration.
New Orleans this one is for you H-Town stand up
Gotta say this #broncos #patriots mash up is making for a pretty riveting game. It's only 1st quarter!
Burress possibly to the #RAIDERS? Damn that be nice.
Can I get that shirt though?
#Howaboutwe cut the bullshit and stop acting like we really give a damn :))
If you want a new entertainment and sports complex in Sacramento RT this!
Angel just had her baby! Omg I luv him already!!!!♥♥♥
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
The development environment looks very clean. Moving files from devl into production requires additionals SKILLS. dmp
Can u send me another link? I can't see it :(
Yep. There was bipartisan opposition to Bernie Sander's proposal that would have simply raised the cap to fix SS.
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A JJUSTIN BIEBER VALENTINE FAN VIDEO? TWEET MEE
She is a scary cat she ran
Every #soccer team has'em. THE MIND READER: Will announce to her team that the player playing against her is a b*tch based solely on looks.
Made me think of Titanic
me too. Worrying about too many things.
or you can shop on line at jcwesternwear.com
Who's going out for Draft fun tonight?
Flat Tires are dumb.
I'm really angry my Twitter was suspended...
Hate morning classes
Dear Coastal San Diego resident , we have no sympathy :P
We fought hard Avon.
my favorite note of the weekend. Miss u guys.
I missed this. Chris Brown for worst lip syncing performance, right?
I've never seen you mad. How do you do it? BTW, do u know any engineers who are in need of a career? We have positions open
“Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.” ~ Henry Louis Mencken
i need you, like a bird needs his feathers. if there's some one better, i still haven't found her yet.
We have a new server ready - vpn-in85 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York, NY. It's available in your customer area now.
doesnt Laviolette deserve blame for Pitting Lilja on ice after his game 1 blunder?
hysterical bachelor link. Ha !
": #WeirdFactAboutMe If I had the time, I would change my dorm room around every week." This makes me happy (:
Thanks for this weekend. It's only Saturday and it's been lovely.
life in the fast lane
being authentic RT : RT Be memorable by walking your talk.
oh that sucks, I'm headed back from LA's gray/brown cold haze, was hoping for some sunshine in #Miami :/
no suit, but the man does fill out a button down shirt.
Oh, yum!
have you seen lately? He had a crazy hot chick last time I saw him...
Ever suffer a sex injury?
u wanna go?
is excited to see what this new year brings...hopefully lots of good things! :)
I'm sorry
Why We Can't Farm Out the Teaching of Writing - Chronicle of Higher Education (subscription)
Morton: Biosphere as an ocean of anxiety where objects bob up and down.
Smh I gotta stop talking bout eating pussy in the rhymes
RT : ehh thats not a terrible idea but thats like having two melos but then we would be forced to draft 4's
yes girl I've got to
im hungry loll peace bbl:)
hey guys please spread the word about this page please<33
we have a jealous #lawlorff over here because of Sophia. may have a tiny crush on you.. ahaha :)
DJ Lance is my boyfriend.
well haha just felt like tweeting you Good night!
Call Cascade Florists for that Late-In-The-Day Gift Delivery or Last-Minute-Boutiques! 1-866-767-3247
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I've been thinking bout going to church lately
Chloe what's your skype name???
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK! Get 1/2 off your appetizer or entree every third time you check in and free drinks for the mayor!
go vig or go home
Got my new phone:D
hey good luck!! I remember my first quilt.. and it is still my favorite...
I think you're going to get a lot of guys signing up for next weeks class after posting this picture! :)
Iowa State won!!!!!!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Woah guys!!! Lunch with my cousin N my grandfathers in the house. Today's lunch: Pasta, beef, tomatoes and grape juice.
word. I tried packaging Bernard Scott as well but a different guy has him & he is being super difficult, wants way too much.
how though ;o....you one lucky gurl</3 i woudl really wanna be you</3
Right?! My god...fans these days.
I think i Decided where I'm going to school next year.
She's young. Give it time.
Ew, this guy outside is walking barefoot and his feet are all black O.e
Thanks 4 following me! Do you have a bakery of your won? I am looking for an Artisan Bakery to feature in a future article
Living and loving life... Blessed.
wondering if , and I could entice you to a hike one of these days?
“: Tony Shaloub?” yeah that's the guy
The Vikings weren't the only thing to collapse in the Metrodome this year.
“: how many times must we play the same damn song on the radio??? We nee to take the radio over!” Let's Occupy the Radio!!!
(i just said that by accident HA)
go to extra time podcast 30th April min 59
Spent 4th of July visiting my dad in the hospital. Cancer sucks!!
Lovely... Impact on Financial markets?
#Rangers acquisition in simple math: (Wilson/douche-factor)^Lee = Yu
Hey #Flyers fans we don't celebrate regular season wins, we celebrate playoff wins AND Stanley Cups.
If I go to your Tweet stream, I can see all your posts, except the direct messages.
#InCaseYoudidntKnow I wish dead people had visiting hour.
omg. You're one of those crazy people. And theres no point in trying to reason with crazy
Brewers beat the Cubs again.
hey make don't you have some yard work to be doing?! You light skinned shit rat!
Im in the kwik-e-mart hahahaha
every art project I do I always use ur name in it ha :] #just.Thought.You.Shuld.Know !!
unless there are trusted independent location escrow services - ala FireEagle
nice, i think you'll kill it there, btw i really liked that Basquiat portrait of yours
Got it :) : An asskisser with no point of view #PeoplePleaser lol
#SwaggyB doesn't believe in Oz but does!
Not block, more like remove inappropriate pictures.
My nephew visited me last week, I had a blast with him..Miss him!! Its good to have kids around!!! It brings out the child in you!
there is no end to how much I love erasing things from my to-do list
Bring back the Whalers!!!!I agree 100%
RT guys ;please help us trend #BYEonRadio :))
sipping on some stuff
LA bus drivers use two speeds when driving and two speeds only. Way Too Fucking Fast or Entirely Too Goddamn Slow.
my mom is doing it now and has lost 24 lbs! its the only thing that's worked for her, so i figured i'd give it a try
Me no speak english
Check out our Video and give us a vote"God's Anointed Soldiers",, for do the Jingle
Thank You --> Mindfire is the SABRE Awards PR Product of the Year?! Big congrats, !
Also went to a Nashville AFof M meeting this week. Really love what Pres Pomeroy & VP Krampf are doing for musicians.
Writing the pages of history, this page.... Denver, p.s. u guys ROCK!
We’ll be at the Yelm Home and Garden Show April 28-29! Come and say hello if you’re in the area?
Just peed in a field with Angela
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
BBQ's does and don'ts. Cinco De Mayo Celebration and who will be headlining. Fun things to do in Denver in May.
Surly Abrasive is back...online and in the store
#ThoughtsAtWalmart Walmart is wack! Target is soo much better!!!!!
Record late snow to spring fever! RT : How's everyone diggin' the 60s today? My car showed 69 on 217 near Tigard.
yeah, that's what I'm thinking.. but if it's really him I'm totally skipping!!
bum man boogie
Order TonyTat Art, prints, posters, customized Art? Check out samples on TonyTAT Custom Art design page on FB. tonytat8789 for orders.
Now thats for sure RT disagree. White pants on the other hand lol
I'm a grown ass man. Imma call you RON!
Haha i still have 3 more years!
Thanks a lot Kim. Hope you are well.
Hey ! If you love SOCIAL NETWORKING like FACEBOOK and TWITTER try Mr. Info's Social Network at mrinfoguide.socialgo.com
LOL! I was just loud at the spa thanks to you;) (Ross' quiet hands)
BOOM! It's gonna be HUGE! Tell all your friends!!
We I'm waiting YEAH
Please Help me to have more followers !!
Whenever life has you down, check out Missed Connections on craigslist and think, "At least I'm not at this point in my life yet."
am i in love.? or is this a crush like the one's in kindergarten.? :D
I care for special needs men. 6 super heros singing loudly to ur Live NYC DVD last night. Life is good! Thanks for the joy!
The Pirates! Band of Misfits opens this wknd. For local theatres & showtimes text PIRATE & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text
Check out the latest InterActivity 2012 Concurrent Session Teasers on ACM's Facebook page!
I can finally move on when my heart finally understands, that yesterday remains yesterday & it will never be the same again.
When I'm bored people never text me or they take forever to reply but when I'm busy people text me and reply right away.. -__-
Nothing wrong with being a skeptic. Shouldn't simply use a tool because it's there.
RT : & – be sure to check out the success stories of companies that benefited from the 35% advantage....
wow no one follows me so i'm tlaking to myself.
cholesterol? High blood pressure? Not good for these people...but looks delish I must admit
Damn, watchin the #Badgers win got me stoked for Indianapolis
oh ok
give me back my phone, or you'll never see your computer again.
The KUIK Auction has started log on and start bidding. Support radio you love. bit.ly/9Wn1ps
: almost #5Minutes until the #BOYFRIENDvideo premieres - get ready LEGGO
Are people liking the kinder, gentler Howard Stern on America's Got Talent? Not enough edge, or just right?
Same with Outkast - Funky Ride
I have just invented a pass that is way to complicated. It is overkill, and awesome. I will be adding it to my book.
i think it would behoove occupiers to hold some sort of vigil for the victims.
Good first inning for Pettitte! Now let's give him some run support!
Open Jam tonight starting @ 10pm...great drink specials all night!!! Call ahead to get on the JAM LIST.
Know of any #emac students (especially grads) doing interesting things on the outside? We want to know!
"Racial profiling is unAmerican and counterproductive in keeping us safe" (D-MD)
Rereading Asimov's "Foundation." I forgot how good it is. A bit dated. Everyone smokes, for example, but still a great story.
Happy Good Friday everyone!
Google translate doesn't do latin for crap
Personality marketing is the latest trend in branding in an era of information overload, virtual relationships & ADD
Lets get #Solisten to play on in NEWYORK!
I find it funny how #oomf is talking shit about pregnant women..when it was a pregnant woman tht brought his stank ass into this world
Hey, uh...neighbor? Your alarm is going off. It's midnight. And I'm trying to sleep. Think you can do something about that?
Hillis is my homeboy.
whats good my man? Did you call last night? I got an unfamiliar number. In any case how you doing bro?
which burger is that? Doesn't look like a sticky monkey?
*cough* racist RT Whats this the "white guilt" segment?
Excited and humbled to be in this show. Please help to make it see the light of day. Spread the word! Thanks so much.
Rediscovering my obsession with Amy Winehouse's "Back to Black" album. #np "You Know I'm No Good"
Lucky those made it to Nobel Prize! How many died before they even get there due to manipulation of "invisible sensors & Qigong?"
oh shit! I remember that haha I personally favored ninja turtles
What did we miss?
No tweets from how will I know how the ranger really are doing
I have a wedding this weekend lol.
Big Dog! RT : First day at Chrysler... We in the money... Lol
Check outvthe 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com ! Share a laugh, feel inspired, leave some love! :)
Worst night of my life! My car broke down in the middle of nowhere nd my fone was dead fml!
Next stop... Dunkin donuts.
I love you Niall
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
May have had something to do with my instructor =) Enjoy Colorado!
Aw Thanks Lady!!
conscious beings
Wade throwing batting practice
Twitter should have a claws fur dealing with bad cat puns. I Manxious enough already.
Happy Year of the Dragon Everyone!
I saw them last night at the Share This Party- were amazing!
"TUFF" loss for the Coyotes.
Excited to her #socialmedia insights from Michael Stelzner of Definitely my fav social media resource.
GM, lemme know how that works for you
Ma goes to her purse, pulls out a camera for the babe, and a red bull for dad
I've never driven one of those, but I bet I could have a ton of fun with one at the Mid-Ohio racetrack. :D
Ever wondered why the people on those TV makeover shows never seem to get dirty on the job site? Me too...
omg Austin is so cute when he sleeps!!!!
yep. and then I took it down 2 hours later. I'm a bit more trusting than most. :)
My phonebill is going to be insane this month
A little girl just screamed "you're pretty!!" at me
yo man DM me your info. forgot to get it.
S/o to the dudes that lied and said that they cared about me!!
People in #Chicago: do not ride in cab #912, he would not pick me and Charlie (dog) up today and take us to his vet appointment.
favorite bball shoe of all time?
oh nice!
haha pretty sure you know as much as I do about what it take. You just got to do it!
No problem! Good luck tomorrow!
Oh why the loss of followers :(
very cool
grew up here came back for the weekend to visit friends. Hope you're enjoying my hometown!
Check out the new video teaser for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough. www.radiantrecords.com
lol too funny
Showing some support from Gambino and Darichboyz Urocktour success here we come time to "Travel the world"
WTF is #pennhillslies TT for? I live in Penn HIlls. IT SUCKS! Funny to see it trending though!
Want to learn to change oil on my car. 1) It would save $$$, and 2) it would give me something interesting to say on twitter afterward...
& I LOVE YOU
Together we are Giant ...
so good to see you too sir! :)
your welcome:) haha
If you have a holiday event coming up & need a DJ, get in touch with He's awesome!
brand new???
Can't wait for BUZZOV-EN on Feb 15! It's been many years Richmond. The RETURN OF BUZZOV-EN on FEb 15
not a damn thing is going on i am so very bored right now ..
awesome! We're already starting to think about next year.
Job hunting <
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.”
I've put in a few DISH Network satellite systems in Mariposa. It's a beautifully designed community! - New Mexico Satellite Man.
NO Davy Jones!!! :'( RIP Davy Jones
im still looking for another music video to do in june. so far I only have one and I need at least 2 more.
Not sure I understand correctly... Are you looking for a designer or are you a designer looking for work?
that's good:)
I remember when people liked music for music.when it was real and based on their life. What happened to all that
Typical Wednesday night: full up on veggie pho for dinner and now sipping Malbec and reviewing a manuscript at Aster in B-lard.
Love McAdoo's game.
Go figure - MT : What happens among individuals with mandatory mail offered a retail 90 alternative? Most preferred mail.
i wanna write a song ... a song that's good.
IM GOOD IM JUST ANNOYED ABOUT TRAFFIC SIFAJJSODKDIFJS HOW ARE YOU
So ... now that you are home are you back in the present? I know what's going to happen to u in 2 hrs because I'm in the future :P
"I don't like you I just think you're hot and I check your Facebook 30 times a day" lololol what kids in my school tell me
Oh my gosh I cant see like anything without my glasses. I have the worst vision ever.
I now realize where I get my dangerous ass driving skills from.
Today's Soups: Cream of Spinach, Chicken Dumpling, & Chili
hell yeah we are
idk. I'm not on senior board.
#TheWalkingDead continues to make strides, but Lori has got to be the dumbest f'ing character in the history of TV.
We're Skyping with 's mama and grandma. It might be the funniest video chat ever. His grandma is Betty White 2.0.
Everyone wish a happy birthday! And if you're not following her, do so, thank me later.
I'm so serious when I say "WHO WANTS TO MAKE 1,000 DOLLARS A WEEK FROM HOME, NO SELLING"...its my job to make sure you actually do it
Couldn't agree more, if there is no website, I think twice about going there.
When a girl follows you It means she wants you for sex right?
Thanks for the RT!
Good seeing you again. Kyle did very well in the studio session. Definitely seems eager to take up the banner and run with it.
Four more days for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies at #Burgerville! Hope everyone is enjoying the sun!
please follow mei love yu so much <3 <3 please i love Glee and i love Quinn <3 please follow me
Hey, #musesocial gang, what do you think of art museums on tumblr? On pinterest? Should we be there? If so, what should we be doing?
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : ) TYTY
Very proud of you baby girl! Your word is everything. RT~ “: I'm just a kid but I know how important it is 2 keep ur word.”
sex..y
Today will be the death of me. Especially next period
Kid today in my PE class tried to tell me my were terrible. So I hit em with a dodegball. #playoffs #gospursgo don't wry he's ok lol
Oprah has more than 10m so maybe that's what it will require to reach true bliss.
Send lawyers, guns and money. Dad, get me out of this.
So, optical fiber is better, faster and more flexible than traditional copper
College life is keeping me busy!
awesome hand shake but an even better good bye! Head up shawty I will greatly miss you! We only gonna create more memories!
i agree
I don't know how anyone else feels about it, but I think if RG3 really wants to be the face of the Redskins he really needs to cut his hair.
Just followed a person back..
RT : Our #FF in #Leadership are and Grateful!
Found a secrete compartment in my car today. Now, what to put in there...
#BOL see! I no where u live lol
Rediscovering a lot of things I forgot.
AH! BEST FRIDAY THE 13th EVER!!!!!
don't think that exist seis de mayo is today
Just kidding,scared of bovine beasts!!! Too big!!!
New season of Project Runway starts in 2 hours and 20 minutes!
with who
Had fun 2day with my bestfriend n her friend friend... lol
Opposition testimony to HB 1228 mainly focused on generalities not on actual opposition to bill language.
U can take #NewEngland out of that tweet.
Order sent to Rodeo in TX!
#cnnnye Happy New year from Chardon, Ohio! Kathy Griffin is such a randy little mynx...
Around family for holidays now I can say I've seen my grandfather drunk...
Blue Ivy huh? ... Blue Steel!
What's going on with the site?
Time to make some homemade pizza and watch a movie
If I had your love, I'd be happy :)
Just listened to "The Barefoot Executive" EXCELLENT! Will buy the bound edition soon... very soon.
Back in town!!! Anybody need to buy a home??
yall still on the road ?
That was fascinating. Thanks for sharing.
I know! We actually joked about finding one to attend! LOL!
The need for someone to sit down everyone involved and say "Look assholes, here's how it's gonna be"?
Aint really had a great day!! Food wasnt great and y girl just accused me of having a hicky!! WTF
May you have a wonderful Good Friday. See you tonight at 7pm for a service that will prepare you well for Easter.
trying so hard to be patient for the #SoListen video, and #paradise. But HUUURRRRYYY!!!
omg i'm your 22 follower :)
NAB NAB NAB NAB
$10 Target GiftCard w/ Purchase of $50 or More (Printable Coupon) via
Good morning! Lucky day.
I made a small deposit on cake poker and now find out there is no way to cash out. Min. $500 for check. Cant use other. This true?
- that's totally inspired. :)
but let's invent "Wine with Friends' - much more fun! Plus, it might be harder to get thrown off your flight (or easier).
The office got weird
Thank you! I've been looking forward it since last Christmas, it was snowing as I sipped the delicious wine~new tradition ;)
On this day in 1789, George Washington was inaugurated as the first president of the United States.
What's got you up late? Or maybe it's early where you are...
Catching up on the #DowntonPBS finale. Maggie Smith's "Do you promise?" to Carlisle is just perfect.
your phones broken awesome but now I got to listen to you complain about it for 50 min
hey there are some real assholes out there everyone! Stay cautious.
Finally accepted that you're a nice boy.
that's great!! I just left there.. Trying to get the bicoastal thang happening mayb I can get some advice on the scene
thanks for lunch and the sangria!!!
Hey Interview me, just because.
Congrats on your BEST ACTOR award at the #barebonesfilmfestival!
when ii meet justin im gonna be like your shoes untied, make him bend down AND SMACK HIS BUTT ;)
Something tells me you don't need to worry about the gym.
Twix ice cream bar is far superior to Snickers.
that shark was crazy scary/damn no more body boarding for me.
get faded just like a flat top
can't see the total!
Have you heard? We're on 90.1 WFYI. Listen in and when you hear our name, tweet about it!
- What's your favorite drink/bar in Chicago? We'll send you a $1 drink, but we're certain you'll want to send some too. JMo anyone?
Do you have a blog or somewhere else online where you write?
why ppl keep challenging you man you gots the energy pimpin keep it goin cant wait to see u blowing up
Is crab legs an option? Because I would order a lot of crab legs
I asked my mom if she would cry if I get married, she said "No, I would cry if you get a job."
revoke access to twitter from any outside apps, that might help
Happy Birthday Jeffrey! Hope you have an excellent day sir!
This is belated, but big props to Jesus for not shamelessly begging for retweets on his birthday.
#pr20chat Thanks for a great chat, everyone! If you want to be added to one of my Twitter lists or connect with me on LinkedIn, dm
who's we? Lol
Does your perception match the reality?
It's my mom's birthday today. She is the best. :)
Feeling like a zombie!
you racist fuck
I once slapped a bitch cause' she wouldn't show me her tits.
not sure if serious...
Late to the party on this Black Dice album, but... DAMN
How was your day Doni? By the way Happy Mothers Day(:
Nervous laughter happens, but try not to have it happen while discussing the Nazis
if double-standards are fun, I am having the time of my life.
No water = no pizza, and that makes us sad. We'll be opening at 4 once it gets turned back on. Thanks for all the advance notice, DCWater.
You two crack me up... pies & baseball.... Good old fashioned banter??!!
Did you see that sick layup by Galo!!?
YES!!!! RT : Shout out to Miss Jackson Looking Fresher than a Mofo..at 45!!
.'s looking pretty good this year. The only artist missing on the line up is soundtribe.
#thingsthatpissmeoff everything on tv is a fuckin reality tv show no dance show or a singing contest !! i miss tv shows i miss funnie
"For where your treasure is, there also will your heart be." Matthew 6:21
watch the notebook
Holy balls. Freaking out now guys.
Pius XI is entering the Woodland in 2012-13 for all sports. Muskego takes Pius XI's spot in the Classic Eight.
Hot sub getting engaged is probably the worst thing to happen to every single boy in HF
I know, right? Haha! Oh, well ... duct tape IS silver! :D
Congrats Michael. Great things happen to great people. You've earned it. Michael Coe=SB Champ
yes. Minus the tree delivery. (it was too heavy for Tree Baltimore to deliver). Oh well. Onward with the shrubs.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Congrats to my Nephew Cody Patterson signed letter of intent to play football at College of the Redwoods.
This Friday at 7pm my trio is at Somethin' Jazz 212 E52nd St, NYC with Marcos Varella- Bass & Bruce Cox-Drums. Swing by and dig live jaz…
Liberty Hill beats CC West Oso 68-51 in a Boys 3A regional semi. Will meet CC Miller in Saturday's final.
also do not go see G-force because i heard it did bad at the movies
Shut the fuck up with all the #2012 stuff, no man knows when the world will end.
Hailing in ffx
#NSD AND AUSTIN DAY!! :)
Q: What's your costume for Halloween?
maybe it's your twitter icon
#NowPlaying Chillout Worlds - The Best Of The Extreme (via #chillout)
If Michael Sadler and Lady GaGa did a duet, it'd be called the GaGa Saga.
I'm one of the only people who can cheer my sister up .
Let me know what you're looking for.... Thanks !
Amen to that!!!
#Hawks ticketing staff participating in pictures to come...
He loved her, he trusted her, he made one mistake, he lost her.
I feel like I should watch Labyrinth today in honor of
Who said that?
Had Qdoba's for dinner. So much better then Moe's.
Feeling nervous for all of my loved ones in Arlington! Prayers!
Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one. Japanese proverbs
Just keep doing what you love and the experience will come:) Lots of hard work but worth it!!
Hahahah, "gets wind" :)
Did you call your mother today?? Happy Mother's Day!
3 papers down. 1 to go.
people who make things awkward <
Just Announced with Father John Misty at July 7th. No priest jokes, please!
Love Doesn’t Need To Be Perfect, It Just Needs To Be True.
Looking for scholarly research on the educational value of storytelling... anyone have a resource to share?
lol ! It's so cute(:
#salty my Michael Jackson shirt messed up...damn
you got it!
Cook-Required for a newly refurbished play area near Newark.Experience of working in a commercial kitchen is essential, you should hold a v…
Who validated your gangsta?
Attending ? Stop by the LJ sponsor table for a chance to win a Nook Color, Kindle 3G or tickets to our #ebksmt!
Insomnia is no joke :(
I can't play around with the spirits.
anything that gives you time to be creative without worrying about $ is great.
so glad you're enjoying!
i wont judge. Ill still sit by you at lunch.
. Think one of you could fix it where I'll get the TV Guide earlier than everyone else?
that's because the internet is made of BACON
Yup! Andrew Prinz + Scott Cortez= bliss RT : astrobrite w/none other than in tow, as well!! must. monitor. breathing
Well, my judgment includes plenty of experience with editing, haha
I am discussing cuts to TANF at a Committee on Human Services hearing going on right now.
shout out to everyone who follows me ! :)
Steel Cur Oatmeal. Takes about 1/2 an hour on the stove but worth it!
Not sure why.. but registrations are closed..for (sighs) What gives?
We now have a corporate office
I know It will take a Xmas miracle for TU to win. Just really want Blankenship to do well.
what type
Damn you had all angles covered tonight! Lol
KNX brings 'On Your Corner' to Anaheim Resort Area on April 20 - OCRegister
Where did January go? Finish the month with our Detox, Twist & Flow Workshop - Sun. Jan. 29 from 1:00pm-3:00pm with Niya.
It looks like Gossip girl episode 19 this season is gona be surprising as much as 2011 is !!!!.
i suppose i definitely don't dislike confrontation. Or double negatives.
My mom thinks I should b stocking shelves at Target. She sees that as a huge step up from writer/producer/editor/director.
happy birthday to me
thank you very much. I appreciate the message.
I must not drink enough water.
Look people, Ron Paul named his kid after his hero, Ayn Rand. This should tell you all you need to know about him.
Happy Friday!
"There are more than 260,000 teachers doing incredible work in this state," Padilla introducing SB 1530 regarding teacher dismissal
for a guy to do
Beautiful Sunday-- beautiful brunch. Happy Easter friends!
Where is your favorite cookies from? We just discover yummiest treasures
Check my background fareal !!! You already know, I Get DOWN!!!
Someone has to have a link to that Tamron Hall clip.
I'll be away for a while!
"You know, being a test pilot isn't always the healthiest business in the world." Alan Shepard, US first man in space on this day in 1961.
Thanks for the RT! Any chance I could get a copy of Endsley's original technical paper? It's NOR DOC 87-83.
haha yeah really
Watercooler OH: Passive-agressive behavior in reality television (cc )
Did the same for Biden whom I met in Baghdad Iraq in 2010 =D
Hope everyone just caught that Aaron Rodgers' E:60 piece. Really happy to call that guy my quarterback.
Ready to wrap up with a great panel, thank you MSLA!
Did you know that a healthy mouth can reduce rheumatoid arthritis pain? See J Perio, Apr 2009. Learn more: www.closys.com/research.html
Tacos for breakfast, HELL YA!(:
love today's blog! :)
I hate evening business meetings. Planning and Zoning. My only hope is that we're first on the agenda or we could be there until 10:00.
"Jane Lee" and "Hiroshi Senju." One or more may have just been books we ganked off Huff's bookshelf.
shit bored out what's up
Or any fee's
Bidding on my #afundforjennie auction is now closed. The final bid: $100.
Branyon with the bases loaded and one out
follow my friend
So excited for with this weekend
now i could've either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned... (its get tweet limit :/ )
I need to get a free flight to marry my best friends in San Diego
Zombieland. Another awesome movie ;)
is always getting her fitness on! Thanks 4 coming 2 spin class! 😊🚲 She'll get thru that Airforce bootcamp easy! #100%Athlete!
are there any new dunk sb's coming out this month
so many to choose from! Zotero seems to be working for me so far!
So chalmers. Get the last shot. (・へ・)
Innotrac to Present at 2012 Internet Retailer Conference and Exhibition - Sacramento Bee
They can't the data plan expired.
Jus made my new Twitter
Hm. $829. There's the kicker. Of course the one I want is $829. Back to just one of them.
i'm hearing it more than seeing it, but I know Lamar is flooded
May or may not be suffering from a nervous breakdown.
Yes! Or like The Green Mile.
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You................... =]
Good luck Lady Golden Bulls!!!!!
we could have takin you?
07 Hidden Ridge 55% Slope #Cabernet. Sleeper worth searching for. Big nose. Thick mocha, pepper, dark berry, oak. 30 sec finish 93 pts
omr is so freakkin hard #-> now
Love the photo, Dru!
I'm totally going to rt ur number lol
Dinner for Lunch.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
I want to start a heavy metal trio and call it "Threeitnam."
I told Edward I'm having a bikini part,but instead he walks to my house in his underwear!
ready I'm not even gonna open up the link and guess its alcohol. More specifically a Bud light lime??? Am I right?
Everyone have a safe and happy holiday.
Manchester United vs Everton later this morning. We need this win to be one away from #20! FORZA UNITED!!!!!!
Back in town after a nice vacation on Hilton Head Island. Now to catch up on email.... (this may take awhile)
After a night at the Union Terrace and the Greenbush, Erin says "nights like these make me sorry for anyone who doesn't live in Madison"
tell that to Wade Boggs
Potatoes are gonna' potate.
I have my parents to thank for that, those pesky bloodlines :)
boo uptown, yay downtown.
Thank you! Don't forget to #ShineYourDivine with us from time to time!
Mary Louise-Parker, Ving Rhames, & James Woods will be filming #JamesysBoys in #Baltimore starting on March 5th!
#BREAKINGNEWS - FOX 12 is breaking into programming right now with the latest on a three-alarm fire burning at Woodburn High School.
make them one then decide
Lol you're such a loser
Anthony you know that was not nice to beat my team. Glad to see you doing well. Congrats
you better be bringing some of them out west!!
If you an artist of any kind music sculpture whatever after you have established a hometown base You Must TOUR somewhere! Get out Get Going!
deserved every one of the #GRAMMYs won! She's amazing
Watching victorious. CAN I PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK?!!! 💗
What's the best way to reach hard-working, lower income earners in Lex? (Want to spread the word about free tax service through 2-1-1.)
Tea time? Quilt time. #hipster #grandmas :)
Building Dashboards for Recon... the joy...
i am going to commit suicide if doesnt follow me!
take note from the Phillipines for dry cracked skin!Use 1/4 cup of ginger, 1/4 cup of limes;chopped finely and rubbed onto problem areas!
So anyone who attends a college athletic event that's open to the public must pass background check? How could tOSU have known?
is the cake for a girl? You could be a gentleman yet!
i am launching an original music site to raise $$ for death row dogs. Will try to come to your fundraiser.
aw! RT : just heard the Met's players are going to have the beastie boys as their walk to the plate...
Also, hope they didn't OH me say to him "Hey, wanna watch season six of Friday Night Lights?"
Did I mention the #Brewers only have one out against the #Cardinals in the 9th? This is not over.
Its funny to hear people in miami talk about getting peyton manning. Bastards
A few more years!
That moment when you realize you've lost your phone
Judge Smyth says he hasn't seen the ad. Prosecutor Leon Schorr says he hasn't seen. Says prosecution not involved in campaign
was nice to RT my post. Wonder if he will ever accept my invite to spend an evening in Cincy? (Smile Doug!)
how was ur sound check r u still sleepy plaza retweet or answer me or follow me
Were you at the Monfort Lecture last night? Trying to CHANGE THE WORLD? Blog about it on MyCSU! E-mail .
tired and tooth hurts. Guess I'll play some more DC Universe.
Searching for new SB party food ideas. Starting w/'s cookbook "Eva's Kitchen". Love the stories + tips + recipes!
RT : Great teachers don't take students to a destination... they give them the tools to get there on their own.
usually critics hating a movie means I will love it. Those who can, act; those who can't become critics
Hello to the new delicious hearts
Makes you wonder if she was an #iubb fan before they were together RT : Please, ESPN, no more shots of Cougar and Meg Ryan.
High of 80 degrees here today!! It's never this warm in March. I love it! :)
#50 Madison definitely:)
Attending creative practice boot camp At the curb center
With the violence story local media had the well founded excuse of fear but now?
$10 stila Exclusive Palettes! I'll be in this weekend!!!!
How's it going twit fam? Hope everyone is having a great week! I know you're probably looking forward to the weekend like us
5 strikeouts in a row? Not very good.
looks awesome friend
Chihuahua hugs. <3
Awww what a cutie!
Don't hit on me while you're with your dad... How does one react to that?
I keep trying to turn off the lights downstairs in my kitchen and living room because it's too bright- can't turn off the sun.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
whitney is not dead! My drummer just bought an 8 ball from her
“: Re-Recording EVERY song for the album! Wooooop!” I can't wait!
Twitter can be confusing sometimes. Like you're back in 6th grade and the only kid not in on the joke.
like why you should win and tell them about urself. they want interesting and yeah stuff like that haha
Omar Infante with The Miami Marlins first home run!!!!!
thanks! Did you spy the damsel can too?
Been a long time. Randomly was in LA last night and caught your show. Great times and music as always. Hope you are well.
working, working and sometimes playing! how about you?
it okay everyone pretty in there own way!!! :-)
I can't remember what song i wanted
Wow! This made it to Nashville. Sweet. Look out, Tennessee, here I come!
So, who's going to win tonight's #SuperBowl ... New York #Giants or New England #Patriots? And what's going to be the score?
nobody's getting sassy
Thanks, it's a lot of fun. You wouldn't believe the amount of insight we get from only working with unscripted business owners.
best advice: watch out! hubris and omniscience are UR greatest weakness. if U always win, C U on the cover of forbes. ; D
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack arrested devolpment!!! That was the best show ever!
It was the most PC name I had in mind, but reviving another blog is good. OK LETS DO THIS! I want to see your post on Tuesday
Oh dear, he better run for cover. I'm going to abuse him. Ha.
is one of the top 8 on #TheVoice tonight!!! I'll post the number up later. Every vote counts!!!
what color should I get my braces next week?(:
hey cutie.
You're welcome!
help!!!!! Get me out of this so call magic city!!!!!
My boys probably know everything about me, so they know exactly what to do to annoy me haha
Getting scooped on a story is the greatest fear in the world of journalism.You will definitely get coverage if competition is introduced.
Thanks John! I really appreciate the kind words and your help spreading the stat.
#FridayReads Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins
I saw the hunger games today it was so good amazing I want to see it again!!!!!!!!!
Almost had to fight a raccoon on my walk home from work.... those things are much bigger than I thought. It may have been able to take me...
Even the sun sets in paradise...
I wanna get super wasted tonight but I get off at 10:30pm. :( FML
The wild thing living in me is crying a little bit. RIP Maurice Sendak. Thank you for know children and the child within us so well.
It's fun to stay at the YCMIU! Hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl. Bsst & success.
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
lmao me neither
Why is Fox "News" still on the air?
Yoga and Tea... Perfect combo!! Feel so much better afterwards :)
tigers need one right handed middle relief pitcher to be able to go an inning or2? If dotel goes 2, then he is lost 4 tmw.
God Bless Him!!!
where the fuk are you ?
I have a lifetime membership to epicenter (base of cap hill) but haven't gone in eons
wow 91st min disturbed
I just realized Im madly in love itch Natalie portman but I don't know how to tell her
thanks for the mention!
Love that pic!
My hair at night>>>>>
Johnson Publishing (Ebony Mag, Jet) is looking for an experienced #PR pro in Chicago. Reach out with any recommendations...
I'm gonna smile and nod from now on like a bobble head .. Haha cause my brain has gone to mushy mush .. Ever feel like that?
MISTY you rock! My encore career is helping baby boomers adjust 2 new normal/teaching at U of Denver. Retired after 22 yrs @ WMT
Honors class lunch today at the #steakhouse >>>>>>>
Man, the #jazz crowd went so silent, it was as if #Jordan just jayed up #BryanRussell again.
Effin holy week, all I want is some oysters on a half shell, but everywhere I go is too crowded! This doesn't seem like fasting christians.
partners in crime last night. 👊
Thanks for following.
I just hope you fall down some stairs.
I think the world with make more sense to me as soon as I master Spanish.
Capitalism, Socialism & Communism will not work if the people that control them have no morals or high standards. Look who leads now - vote!
Pathetic pathetic pathetic.
Anyway to create a custom #wordpress publication status for a CPT? i.e. "Archive" in addition to Published, Pending Review, & Draft
you make everything fun! Hugs!
I'm sure you could deep-fry it... :)
Awwhh why nott??? :c && please follow me i always ask you but you never do :(
Washin my hair always makes me feel refresh
haha ok will do. Yeah my bro got David Wright on his fantasy team and I thought of you ;) Roberts still hurt?
i gotta go to school. >=(
We're in high school. There's no need to fight over fucking seats...
I already have a job in northern indiana!!!!!!
Thanks for the shout-out. Hope you'll jump into the conversations underway there. :)
Celebrating #bannedbooksweek by finally reading Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Just got my first paycheck since Feb 2010. Whew! THANK YOU #Interview #jobsearch (oh yea and I landed a dream job to boot)
RT : Peyton Manning has not eliminated any teams he he met with - yet. Now comes the Titans today.
Great things have to crash back down at some point, right
Hopefully I don't have any homework.....
yes yes !
End of the second half, USF 0 - 0 RU. Going into overtime. Come on you Bulls!
Constitution Day Observance t Medgar Evers on September 17th. Voter Registration Drive during the day.
Yeah, they've been up to that since 6:15 this morning.
RT : Got in the fall play at LU!! Come see The Last Nights of Ballyhoo October 29- November 12!
Great service tonight. Looking forward to tomorrow am All who gather in the holy place, bless the Lord
It was a real sweaty morning.
Shout out to ..... the halloween party yesterday was a hit
Tune into now for a special on the film festival
That awkward moment when you bother a customer who you thought was a salesperson.
Lol i'm so tired and I have a shit load of stuff to do today.
Is Bristol Cider a reference to a style or just location?
Love your new CD Hullabaloo...can't wait to blast it in traphic I love when heads turn and mouths drop....Tee hee
Good morning!!! Hope you have a great day!
Thank you! Let us know if you have any ideas for board themes.
Rolling in +K' achievement on - it's a fun ride!
time to get classes!
It's sponsored by INCTV, overall controlled by our US Bureau. Executed by District INCTV bureaus w/ collaboration from CFO.
I haattteeeeee making decisions
I am because I'm not watching the Super Bowl next week.
#drank and now #drunk HAPPY #NewYear !!!!!!
Honors English workbook.<<<<< Especially when you can't find the answers online
I wanna win a ticket to the and party at WPPI!
Here We Go Lakers Here We Go!!! I Believe!!!
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Madison!
Rock shop can't contain the power of BNP. Soon Madison Square Garden. After that...All must bow down to your new BNP Overloards.
ewww you like those??
I know! Miss ya, little brother :) maybe I'll go to LA this summer if you're performing
Omg this resturant is wird and nasty..i want some freaking
hey girlie did you ask yo momma about the bag?
See you all tonight!!!
just got my renewal notices for Tiger Beat and Spin! today!
Head west young man. I'm on my way to Cali.
not falling asleep anytime soon
WHAT IT DO!!! YOU KNOW YOU SHOULD NEVER BURN BRIDGES
Back sippin a Cherry Fat Dog Oatmeal Stout on cask. M
Pure genius RT : Maybe a tattoo on your butt check saying "Ryan Braun was here."
Funny how the third toy story even gets you adults. I felt the same:)
Happy New Year to you too! We're just doing some low-key celebration here.
Today is one those days where the words and feelings can't be expressed! Therefore I must slap a ma'fucka!
Lucky you!
Post your favorite Office Equipment Jokes here! :)
Oh and they are a homophobe.
your interviews with Alan Carr are hilarious! Haha :) x
on KOBE & tryna get the ball from ?? I CANT deal Ima bout 2 cry
I got stuck in my alley but I did make it to work, eventually.
I want some of those Big Bang LeBrons now, but the resale prices are (x_x).
is researching the Wysong optimal feline diet!
You heading to Capital tonight for Common Thread tapping, or Alchemy for KBS?
Last session: Audience Building with , ,
Hey do you have a free moment?
#Corey booker how come the homeless are in penn station station here on #Newark and police don't say nothing and get them out it's annoying
the producers made me!
I have not seen one attractive cheerleader all tourney.
Supreme Court rules Black can file libel cases in Ontario - Toronto Star
you know i watched that video on your youtube page many times to get those lyrics right?
Getting started with Cloud 101 by Great crowd! Are you here? Use #Phorum12 when tweeting. Thanks!
Wish the police could have been more on the ball and set up a dummy home phone # for the zimmerman case
FUCK I'm depressed and tired but my thoughts are eating away at my head so I can't sleep
well have a great nite!
Hate being the only one up in my house I be bored
“: Brian really looking forward to testing the Swingbyte. #greatproduct.” Cheers, Brad!
"Why didn't you answer my phone call?" Oh, sorry I was dancing to the ringtone
There are some very normal and acceptable things that become abnormal and socially unacceptable when done alone; like laughing.
Thank you! Have a lovely day and happy writing. :)
I love you to death <3 #Bella<3
my obsession with #storagewars is completely unhealthy.
just spent the morning listening to Circle K in Mt. Vernon.
Definitely not feelin' being at school today.
: Startup Machine would love to have you come out to next time we're in town!
its just so much better that way, isn't it? :)
Jesus fed 5000 people with one fish. Holy mackerel.
I'm counting! :) RT If anyone's counting, that's 1 run for the new look Miami Marlins in 18 innings of play so far..
Thanks for the mention Pablo. Have a great day!
Waaah I didn't even start on my lab report._.
RT Thanks and everyone who attended for a great reading #Northeastern today!
Panama City "A Place Where Young Adults Get Buck"
What a great compliment. Thanks Kim!
Lol Its ok ....... Not the best I think but alot of other people like it but the song makes me want to dance!
Happens like twice a week anyhow! lol RT : im unfollowing you!!!
It actually means "haver of a seminal nu-metal band."
Listening to President Obama's online live speech at the LGBT reception
thanks! its very homey w/ a lot of character & we're so excited! seems like a great neighborhood. girls night in store pronto!
It's not anyone elses life, but yours...so live it up
I need somebody I can truly Fuk with
Well, it's only taken me...45 minutes to write the intro to this paper I'm writing for my Child Development class. #FML -_-
I need more guy friends. Girls cause so much drama. -_-
true but are Linux users likely to pay 4 games? I'm not sure. Maybe using some kind of freemium model would work
u can talk to her tomorrow tho
kill me.
OT in Lakers-Thunder, Capitals-Bruins. Thank you Lord...
When Leonardo DiCaprio let's go of the door, and sinks to the bottom of the ocean.
Headed away for Spring Break? Please remove any trash & perishables before leaving. Be sure to close your windows and lock your doors too!
AW I LOVE YOU GUYS<3 you are seriously too cute
I will take the CPLP in 2011.
bitch, I know.
Anyone know a good SQL DBA?
I wanna go out.. /: Then theres TAKS this week... /:
We JUST left walmart 8/. Fridge was so weak. I think Tab is feeling better now. I was going to settle for soup at first though.
Here we go,,,Wade will win
killed it last night at BITTER END good job
The hubby & I are debating whether "6 Days 7 Nights" is a Christmas movie. Doesn't the opening scene involve Xmas in Manhattan?
Their Some Bad Storms Coming In.
The Lake County Senior Shootout was good until it turnt into a circus!
IDK I just have a gut feeling that they will win a close game tonight
Jimmy Carters in bankers hill. Getting my pacifico and chili relleno on.
i hope:)
great mtg you at the #UAFNYSE event! Very fitting to have a conversation around financial literacy at the
i always think-- when is #apple going to release a TV? It just seems second nature, yes? Their monitors are already huge...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. God I hate that so much.
i have a song stuck in my head.... so not even a cool song... i hate that
RT : JESUS - are you about that life?
Critics: I'm least concerned with dinosaurs when it comes to a Mallick picture. Unless he would be directing Jurassic Park 4.
Happy Friday!! How's your weekend looking?
Thank god it's Friday :)
I just published my first book and am trying to get the word out! Check out #JulietAnUnpopular!
Is it really the best slice? Never tried it.
I think being a #LakerHater4Life might really pay off with a sense of great accomplishment this year...GO OKLAHOMA, Let's Go up 2games-None!
As an educator/parent/engineer, believes you learn by seeing how things are built, and open source hw supports that.
Tommy Shaw of Styx has a birthday today. Does he remind anyone else of David Spade?
i hope u had fun today of what ever u did
Goat curry at Dwaraka on Hawthorne; I just ate the equivalent in weight of an over-grazed goat. Yummy stuff!
Cinnamon X. Defenestration. :P
-STABS COMPUTER-
43°53′48″N 114°50′25″W - altitude 7,342 feet. Deep powder snow everywhere, sunshine. surrounded by mountains peace, fresh air & clean water
it was all news to us! Sideways calendar for the win!
I just love spending all of my time waiting on your ass. That's all I do. Wait.
Watching #Mavs game on tv on beach in Ft Lauderdale while vacationing. Go Mavs! /cc
"Finally be strong in the Lord, and in His mighty power." ~ Ephesians 6:10
you know you love me c:
Holllllaaaaaaaa!!! Pre-gaming time! RT : Noon time work out is going fuckin HAM :)
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up
Where is 41E Studio Cafe? Is that just a name for an existing locale for the show or an actual place?
next to fosters freeze?
Jus did the treadmill for 45 mins i did 2 miles at the speed of 40 at planet fitness I feel so great!!! #36pounds!!!!!!
baring away. ;)
last night was a blast. now going on a run to sweat out this alchy ewwww
oklahomahomerepair.com is live take a look and tell me what you think
Miami is so funny.. No one is actually wearing a bathing suit to the pool party!
I'm going to bed, Bieber fans were just pissing me off 2night being SO rude towards the voice and every1. So immature and petty.
Underworld imax 3d... Wooooww!!! Amazing!! Go watch it
This next session challenges traditional thinking of #circulation: The Shift in Publishers' Revenue Mix taking place in Ziegfield
Do you own one?
Money Saving Tip #61: Buy a smaller house.
Photographing Robert Cohen's office bright and early tomorrow for Overflow Magazine .
How does the vicar explore the Internet?With the church mouse.
Mine is engaging better. I need to take time to do it. RT : What is your biggest Twitter challenge?
need to get outside for a bit
When you come in tomorrow ask for Jeff. Still need to work on getting you a speakeasy membership card.
New Icon<3
Watching life after- jaimee foxworth the little girl from family matters that turned to a pornstar. Her story crazy
Been a while since I stayed at the #hilton, and now waiting 20 mins for one check in in SFO, I guess I know why I've been staying
I really need to stop procrastinating and finish packing.. #ihavewaytomuchstuff 💼👜👙👗👠
NO THE WANTED IS ON THE VOICE
Anyone know how to get a count on the
PS3 Is the shizzzzlee
I know!
cute!!! Green butterfly today! :D you must have some green on you I'm sure :) love it!
If you're struggling to pay all past dues and special assessments on your condo, Nexus Debt Solutions can help. Just call 1-(866)-326-5155
Softball is the best therapist I've ever had in my life. Always makes me feel so much better :)
you love it
Nothing like an ice cold glass of water with lemons after working up a good sweat.
“: Thank you for the Retweet:)" anytime!!
RT : Thanks for the Premium Salad Coupons for all of our guests!!
It's not even refreshing. IMHO.
Sorry #thereisnolove in the capital! it's time for a #revolution!
when they busted the gnome open was the best!
heey! iM the shoulder(:
takes time. This is new regimes third season, draft is the key. Remember the garbage that previous regimes left them with?
Michael's guesses for how many letters are in the alphabet: 36, 32, 28
Lol your bf suck at lying!
In the Beginning, God made the Heaven and Earth. The rest was Made in China.
At the end of the day, this is a job.
Love the new small #apple keyboard w/o a number pad. Provides much better ergonomics for those who mouse a lot!
thanks for the SHOUTOUT
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
Yes yes! I really want to go to the movies, kind of miss it.
greatful. blessed. thankful.
Adding #NBALeaguePass on via phone is futile: 15-minute waits, awful music, poor wknd hours. The way to go? Live chat w/
i would never vote for anyone that says they would not defend Israel
“: Please refrain from confusing voters with facts and statistics. #gopmath”
thanks for the "advice" ;)
It was your heart on the line.
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? Answer: Smart and remembering 911
Just Had a Deja Vu Moment !!!
If your phone doesn't ring, it's me.
homeless dog will launch jan 2012. music recording starts december 2011 at timewarp.
You're the baudelaire of our time, Jennifer Love Hewitt ...
Pizza it is .
I don't know what to do. #help :(
Love the new default
Helluva way to find something positive from this game.
I hate chipotle. Except for when I want a burrito.
Oh boy oh boy!
Sorry, all sales are final. These r side and rear seats that are left. I assume you have a premium seat, center and close.
Yeeesss Love you!!! Thanks for your support!!
Everybody runs around in their underwear...most of us just cover it up with other clothes... ;)
paretns of 8 yr old DC child / Yes - I am ready to re-enter workforce but do enjoy making school lunches,
Fuck Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split Bad Boii Babbie R.I.P. 2 Pac
God gave Himself to you: give yourself to God. -- Blessed Robert Southwell
it's everything about you, everything that you do, from the way that we touch baby to the way you kiss on me. <3
i voted for you shhh.
Guess dats dat A1 swagg, I said "get it bitcccccchhhhhhh" lol niggas love me, they bitches hate me..... I know why!!!!!!!! ;)
they're not 'gone', they exist, but have been redesigned. Nowhere near as tackily-wonderful. Still see them 200 miles before S.O.B.
We're looking for talented #actors and #actresses with a passion to succeed. Auditions being held in May... Are you ready?
Love the picture!!
I thought we were done with the tests and the projects? Guess I was wrong-.-
u mean friday ? RT : What you wearing Saturday?
Why does Brad Pitt look like Ashton Kutcher tonight, and how in the hell does Ashton Kutcher look like Brad Pitt??
They asked Tony about her in the media center lol
Q: which would I need to create a "hackerspace lite" in my library? I have only 1-2 computers and a tiny corner.
"I have to watch my best friend die."- Sonja. What about my sister, huh? You don't care about your neices medical
They're not inside jokes... they're: "HOLY S#!T THIS IS REALLY OUT THERE!" jokes. They're best described as really funny "outside" jokes.
you cursed!!!
Temporomandibular joint pain, more commonly known as TMJ, affects many people in more that just pain and discomfort in your mouth.
Since the Devils won four in a row, would that count as a sweep?
they should have courtesy guideline videos on planes like they do in the movies
The courage gene is the single most important trait for the perpetuation of your family line.
Ladies night tonight at the bar! Half off all drink para las chicas!
Im working a Warrior Dash Event with Red Frog. We will ne working moat of the day tomorrow but I will let you know if we go out
should i send you a Harvard t shirt? I think yes? =)
Poker night junk food runs are the best! Well junk food runs in general are the best!
Infographics graded! Now all that's left is some spreadsheet wrangling. T-minus 27 minutes.
Thanks, we had sent you this message before we heard back from you this week. We look forward to talking when you are ready.
i hate macs so much.
sometimes you just need to relish in the small accomplishments - like making 4 perfectly poached eggs in a row!
If I hear the word Iowa, Romney, Paul, Santorum, Gingrich, Bachmann, Huntsman or Perry one more time I am going to become apoplectic!
Hope you dig the Album... All indie production! CD Release Party at the Kendall Pub in Yorkville 4/7/2012
REMEMBER!!!!...THE SHOW STARTS AT 8PM BUT......WE DONT GO ON TILL 1145 SO PLAN WELL..GO NUGGS!!!....N SEE YALL THERE!!!...LETS GO!!!
no hate just dont like politicians...black, white, chinese,,what ever...they DONT care!!!
Alton has built a career on running his mouth about food. You have built your career on running your mouth about digested food.
do u know
One of the best things that can happen to us in life is to discover that the work we do each day connects to what we believe in. Live life!
I can't now either Derek and I are going to a party and I gotta get ready but I'll fill you in tomorrow
had to close my eyes 😳RT “: Very much RT : There's something disturbing about in a speedo.”
