Every out fit & pair of shoes alaysia got Jessica got fa her from doing hair!
Those Miller Lite commercials are really funny. I don't usually like commercials so this is a first! Good job Miller for making me laugh!
Arrived in #NOLA 4 the #AMAconference! Let's go
All smiles :)
Good Heavens! Hadn't checked #Klout for awhile, but apparently now I'm influential about Costco, Marriage, Cars, Sports and Math. WTH?
Excited for my DC/NC trip but hate packing.
Realizing I've spent 14 years loving the album that destroyed patty schemel's life broke my heart
Thanks for the RT. Have a wonderful evening!
OH: "they're having like boner parties"
part of my tattoo is either art nouveau or art deco, but I don't know which.... it's geometric, maybe art deco.
: - I have the same setup - I'm sitting Fitz I think. Ryan is due for a big game and it'll need to be a shootout.
It was a fantastic night with Nick Mueller & friends! RT So how was the ride in #Bacchus last night?
My daughter wants to watch Episode I. I'm trying to explain what an offensive racial stereotype is.
it sucks when has ustream concerts at either 1 in the morning or when I'm at school :(
I feel like it's going to be a "Buy a used copy of MacGruber on DVD"-kind of week. I know you've all been there.
hook it up I'm trying to GTL. lmao jk thats cool though sounds fun :)
Most of what we call management consists of making it challenging for folks to get their work executed.
Going to #WITS tomorrow?
Jurassic Park is the best movie of all time, anybody that disagrees can suck it
thats a start watch u end up liking him in like 2 weeks
Just woke up from an awesome dream about Justin Bieber it was amazing :)
thanks for the tip. We are at Club Acela now getting ready to hop a train back to #Boston ~ will check it out next time.
the on screen kbd is better than I expected, but I am getting a wireless kbd as well. Should be a big help.
Just started to listen to some of your songs! You're good! Thanks for the follow! Gonna have to buy some music from you!
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com is the Communication Coach himself, Todd Reed! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
I might kill myself
Amen! RT The world of TV should be ashamed of itself that Steve Carell never won an Emmy for Michael Gary Scott. Goodnight.
Been addicted to the High School Musical series lately. Takes me back to middle school. :)
yeahh I know I really wanted to go. But I might go during the summer
I know its hard to find a JOB after graduation right now, if anybody needs a reference or rec let me know. Im all about helping others
what are your faveu pickles then!?
I swear dude is going in on me lol but im a lil confused what and why
hii!!! I just followed you <3 Please follow back?? :]]
If you are reading this, you are the resistance.
I'm convinced that's why #Rush went deaf...his own ears couldn't take it anymore.
I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired
was awarded bid; employer responded w/radically different job requirements, want 2 abort, costing me $$, any ding to employer?
It's so -ish out today. Whatcha listening to?
Never chase love, affection, or attention. If it isn't given freely by another person, it isn't worth having.
Back in the office editing today!
Now following: because Kit is so adorable and is a fabulous petmom. :)
The break has been wonderful but it's not as much fun without my hus. Ready for semester 2
Just the right amount of wrong and a good amount of bad
low tech.. and the guy doesn't blog externally? sounds like the lawyers won over there.
It's warm out, but I'm ready to go out & sweep my driveway in my Kopitar jersey if they win!
Went from sleeting, raining, snowing, and now the sun is out all in about 20 minutes. Gotta love pittsburgh weather
Does a good employee make a good manager? Good employee turned bad manager equals more charges.
Gettin our sang on (w/ )
Why are so many people for my hometown pregnant? It's disgusting. I only drink diet coke when I go home. I refuse to drink the water.
You don't need a turkey to have a great Thanksgiving, you just need thankfulness..
performing tonight with The Aaron Shapiro (banjo) Big Band at Village Records (2010 W. Roscoe, Chicago) for EveryPeople Workshop. 8-9pm.
Aww man. I could've swore this all came from sitting in this cold class on this cold chair.
Stop complimenting these hoes & compliment ur girl...Priorities all fucked up!
oh just thinking about some jump rope, no big got 99 hair ties and she ain't missing one excuse me, can I borrow a hair tie?
Type jokes on #HappyEndings tonight. Helvetica... good choice!
Thanks for playing Nick Lowe this morning!
Never heard of that show, I'll check it out. I need a dog.
GoodToSee broad, balanced summit talk on
Linux: because rebooting is for adding new hardware
and probably not the best tasting...
Husband has quickly pegged the single dad with a passion for fitness as having great potential for season's biggest d-bag
I hear you're heart call for love but you won't let me make it right.
I just logged on to buy and they aren't yet posted :(. The look book looks great although.
"What is the value of a statement?" Nothing, unless it's backed with actions. Statements should mobilize.
Brides, what are your skin care goals before your wedding?
Brandon Phillips has been trending for three days. I'm ok with that. Lets go
This DVD will be the death of me. So perf.
The better works, the less he's pushed
-all was good, thx. i'll make a full report!
well bullet or belt u choose
This is a TSA security announcement. We are now at threat level "Lemon".
Around this time 4 years ago I became Ms New York! I still continue to promote my platforms HEALTHY HABITS FOR LIFE & I AM 4 WOMEN with <3
G'Night Twitter...
So true and great advice =)
Me too!!
Glitter, wings, push up bras, jayz and kanye...my favorite things!
RT : Okay one more contest- I'll give another 5,000 Amex points to a random person who retweets this tweet.
said it for a LONG time. You too.
I find an ice pick inserted through the eye socket followed by a gentle jiggle to be very helpful in this regard
That's hard! Chandler or Rachel...You?
I cant believe ESPN is comparing a perfect season to a running QB who has won 7 games, What's the bigger story? C'mon Man!
A word of advice to anyone thinking of eating 4 apples in the space of 2 hours: Don't.
thank you! Def stay up w 4 more art! RT : you are absolutely amazing...keep creating..share your gift!
I own a landscaping business. I've had it now going on 5 years an I've been blessed to stay super busy as bad as the economy is!
You're the only person that's been able to make sense of this for me. Wish I had a prize for you. Thank you.
what will happen to traditional retail? Get Ready for a Kitchen Revolution: 100% Natural Spray Cooking Oils from Winona Pure Now in 8 Var
Wish people would just be real for once...if you say something u better have the balls to back it up- not just flap ur gums!
I guess bryans considering himself one of your "girls" lmao
Kinda getting sleepy now....but still dont wana go to sleep and on top of that im hungry now....
Just a few simple issues installing #nagios Core 3.3.1 on Kubuntu 11.10 but I got them worked out time to add devices now.
Sad to leave the best facials and waxes in Chicago with Rachael of Rachael's Spa!
Someone just won $100 in their empanada... Might or might not have more of that to come.
what!!blasphemy
let's here it for ... doing great things, one day at a time!
Thanks Louise lots more to come ;)
Everywhere I Go (Album Version (Explicit)) via
About to drop another song... damn
sue! What time does practice end tomorrow?
awesome! Maybe we should look into doing something similar for smaller shows we attend that we don't intend to write a review of
I wish people would listen as much as they talk
"Affordable housing & health care are terms with emotional appeal that politicians exploit but have absolutely no useful meaning..."
Elmer Fudd and Bugs have changed roles?
Beautiful morning for our second day of work on the #Habitat #VetBuild in Pen Lucy!
Congratulations Where to Eat Guide Seattle...you're full!
high n horny n alone is not da biz right now, lol
hahahaha! Thanks sweetie and I'm SURE you could do it ;)
I want to be able to have girly sleepovers in each of our apartments without the chance of my lungs closing. Pleeeaaaz.
Get a photo with Bucky at the Helen C. House Party – Today from 8-9pm.
Think I'll take some of my coins over 2 the coin show today n Murfreesboro, Tn & c if they r worth anything...Comfort Suites Thompson ln 9-6
We hope to see you all this Sunday at 1pm at our Mid-City story sharing event!
i think i did idk hahah
hey whats shakin gamers?! its thursday a day before THE best day of the week, FRIDAY!
One of your students in VCD 2 told me they were scared because you said the class will be a meatgrinder.
": totally on board with you now. Robinson blocked me for asking him why his Miami piece has been edited 20+ times"
Thanks for the awesome #FF & sending some #FF <3 your way!
where are you going?!
Music On World Off.
o u poor bastard
hootsuite, though I'm new to twitter so if you find something great, pass the word. Also, I love newsrack for rss feeds.
Prayers go out to #Muamba! Hoping for the best.
#cgxemerge Noha is fantastic... Back by popular demand for sure!
bahahahahahahaha! so funny about rob lowe! omg.
Sometimes you have to
yeah that's just like east coast because you guys colonized it and everything.
& when he said it to me, i said NEVER. y'all shoulda saw his face.
I hate it on my calender..: )
Welcome to Atlanta where the players play.
Hmm. Can't say that I have.
goodmorning my love!!!
One of the judges at #atthack came up to me and said " I fought very hard for your team!" aw....
Great day yesterday, 2 hours sleep, now off to Chicago.
Just saw ALBERT NOBBS. Wonderful, original & touching film with a career-high performance from Glenn Close. Highly recommended!
Merry Christmas Eve!!
: Thanks for welcoming us to the B we are proud of our A+ rating.
Merry Christmas to you all. I also wish you all a special season of faith, hope and love.
Is it me or does throwing bread out for what I can only assume is birds seem like a really bad idea in this city?
time 2 bust out the Bull Durham lines...that thing needed a stewardess!
Who's gonna watch on Punk'd?? :)
ordering my prom accessories...
If anyone has instagram you should follow me! Mine's liveeittup(:
Tomorrow we have a 350Z rim repair. Love doing rim repairs for clients. Can never find where the damage occurred once completed.
Thx Ellyn! U need to come by and see her. :)
Happy Birthday to my Dad, who continues to the stress the importance of changing my oil, being nice to people, and urban living.
Got these tacos and burritos jumping off before the kids get home!! First snowfall with a great dinner by moi.... Life is good!!! :)
im good and how are you?
Not in a good mood. Surprising my coach at her wedding today. Negative: seeing those girls today.
wtffff o.O
Going to Frenchman, might play some on the street to help promote Search & Restore! (badass music festival happening this week!)
don't work at lowes if you're busy.
This is gonna the good life .....
Whenever I find a bug in a piece of testing code, I feel like there's some kind of great crisis in the universe.
.... I'm confused but ok. Ahaha
Dinner @ sweetwater in Falls Church VA Done. Next up up next indian leg wrestling round robin tourny... Marc vs Frannie D first bracket..
i cant stop listening to your song 11:11!!!(: im gonna buy it on itunes!!!(: <3 RT?
I'm about five minutes ahead of you! RT : best part of the day: pajama pants time!
sounds like a spreadsheet edit is required.
Nice at bat by Lucroy! Takes Bailey to center on an 0-2 count. Braun and Ramirez score. Lucroy hitting over .400 with RISP this year
Nicolas Cage's real name is Nicolas Kim Coppola
Have the Time of Your Life.. Dying!
How are the Indians doing.
The amount of employee applications we get is phenomenal.
Vicariously living, thanks to fb and twitter, through each of my friends here and in Vegas... Go out and party! I miss it so much...
At 1 pm EST join us for 30 minutes to talk about how to stay on top of all the lobbying activity!
Great dinner in the beautiful city of Boston with wonderful people I work with.
can you please follow me back
This rain makes me way to sleepy!
I know it was an automated message but it still brightened my day
dr jeremy j velasco. he's probably not even far from your work. hes right by union square
Looks like #SportingKC is going to be wearing the dark blues again tonight based off what I'm seeing for foot wear
I'm loving my commute: a five-minute scooter ride through downtown
You lucky duck!
Happy Birthday !
you and the Mrs better come!
Way to close out the half!!!
Waddup up doe !!
RT ♫ New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6: Your Ad Here ♫ New House Music Mix 2011 vol. 6 FOLLOW ME ON: Facebook: www.fa......
Superb walk today -- SO sorry I was DST-challenged. All clocks set now!
Getting some lunch at chatham tap
RT: SEOers online dialog vs. soc media experts: former better understand importance of connection between social and SEO
Off work b4 5o'clock? #TGIF!
Thanks to all my tweeps for the birthday wishes, since I am in Alaska I still have 4 more hours to party woohoo!
Thank you for following us. Hope to see u in soon,no #pinkslime here! Lol
News Flash: Men are not the problem, what ur asking of them is where u screw it up!
no hq yes, but do you have a data center?
“: Who has an iPhone?”~~~question is who doesnt?
After a travel break, now doing my second airport dinner in two weeks. Glad this isn't a regular thing.
Go-lives are exciting times. Here's to a smooth transition away from paper!
You know on at least some level Condi Rice is bummed.
There is an orb in my fridge
I don't know how many times I read "In the Night Kitchen" to my kids. It was one of my favorites too.
All this talk about S.O.P.A. only gets Hispanics craving home made soup or (sopa)
aunt you have a big talent #yee you're the best singer <3 (:
Was great mtg you, too, despite Megabus' best efforts to thwart your visit.
God is awesome!!!
Grier: Wants set aside in Title I for turnaround/low performing schools. "Turning around schools is hard work and takes $$"
thanks for sharing!
but like she still got the cell phone .
Can't wait til they come here & just TORCH the table.
Shakopee is trending. Never thought I'd see the day....
oh Aha
You might be a Communist or Socialist if your marching in a May Day Parade today. See USSR, Cuba, Venezuela for examples…
Ready for the #Brewers #NLCS and the #Packers, going to be a good afternoon of Wisconsin sports.
*are administrative decisions
my dog just crop dusted the house. i hate her. so much. so so so much. lol
Randall Saddler of a university with too long a name: teacher training w/technology. Student teachers developing virtual comm. of practice
Hm, maybe once or twice, so guilty as charged!
#Flyers1975 have fun golfing!
TWO NEW businesses for your home improvement! Los Angeles Garage Door Repair and Randall Weidner Fine Art/Palm Springs.
Tonight's Food Special: Brie & Balsamic Onion Burger!
Hello Met fans!! Enjoy DJ Carrasco for me! :)
Say hello to Larisa Zade, our Communications Specialist!
I've missed tweeting on this account lol(:
Amusing that Sally has Betty for a role model & is deeply intelligent but Bobby has Don & is basically a human hairball.
#WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly They always get mad and the board ends up getting flipped over.
for real:\
With elections coming up and the economy not doing so well.....is this a good strategy?
Where's the sermonic selection?
To a man who has only a hammer in his tool kit, every problem looks like a nail. -African Proverb
Better than ticketing people for jaywalking, another favorite activity of bored Seattle cops.
Blake...Jordis is "The Voice" Our Musical World NEEDS Jordis Unga's Soulfulness...She is a Beautiful Soul !!!!!
Mahalo to all of our followers! Mahalo to those of you who joined Island Connex! Support Polynesian small businesse! Join
stick to the script BROTHER
LOL!! RT #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate : Excuse me while I check in with my parole officer. :/
RT : The first and only hurdle is believing in your own ability. What people think of you does not define what you're capable of...
GO LIU Brooklyn!
Mahomies , do any of you live in London , UK ? or anywhere near it ..?
Didn't catch the Spiritualized reference the first time through. Always nice to discover a fellow fan. Cheers.
I can't stand the ginger juice either.
If ur reading this tweet! Then follow my other account only need 2 more to reach 1000 followers! Please =D
Ahh! I can't wait for AVICII next week! I'm ready to go wild! TEXT ME!?(:
that was this am. earlier. I would have loved a happy hour at 930 for the night librarian.
Roses are red, violets are blue my heart beats for you. ♥
It's not often a department head calls you and says he's completely ignorant about the library, then asks for your help.
how's that I don't get
follow back?
haha im not even with u right now im at my house!
Some ppl are just a mess!!
Why is it that I always pack for vacation like I'm never coming back? Maybe it's a sign that I really should stay and never come back...
Please Lord KEEP my Family in your Arms!!! Help the Emergency workers get to all TRAPPED in the Buildings there in Indiana! I TRUST n GOD!
much appreciated!
Reporter: You gotta admit that's a hell of a drive, 400 yards. Shooter: What did he finish again? Dead last? Oh yea he had a good day though
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. ~Mark Twain
Wine school is in session today at 6 p.m. See you there!
Not even following the Big Bang Theory can save a show as bad as ROB.
Orders going out to Washington (D.C.) and Washington (State) today, how is that for ironic?
if tomorrow morning you're up early enough to catch daybreak, then check me out! I'm getting my 15 minutes of FAME!!!
Having a boyfriend is so damn complicated and stressful (n)
Sure! But, uh...SPOILER ALERT much?
"if you're 1/16th Cherokee, colleges will suck your dick!"
It's GREAT to be ALIVE!
“: Can I just fall over and die now?” Rafa , are you okay ? :(
#NickJChat Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe
A voice activated virtual recording engineer...someone make it happen.
dammit.. server crashed, I don't know what you're talking about!
Power is out...
I Hve all the energy in the world for this late night cardio but my legs seriously want to give out
Thank You Chris R. For Liking free vegas comedy today!!
Sorry knicks who? Lin what? Oh I forgot Miami Heat left no room for the knicks to show out
nothing much, wbu?? :) btw i think im you're 1st follower ;D right?
Is very proud of her Lakers for winning game 1 last night!
“: Miller on Sidiki Johnson: "Hopefully he can work to get better, but I'm not counting on it."” <--- did he really say that?
Ahh yes, good times...
RT : "I'm a beast, you a pet" lmao- aka long neck Keith sweat haha
lol yeeeaaa Ohkay...i already took it as a compliment by default....but that's bc I KNOW YOU. A stranger would have got LIT!!! LOL
come on. you know you want to ... all the cool kids are doing it. if you don't believe it, just ask them. ;-)
What is your favorite #movie or #TV car? We're big fans of KITT!
Yeah mom! Obama just gave a shout out to teachers!
please bring us more Spy stickers soon!
awesome stuff. Really digging the new lattice work.
#geekend #fa111 great job ! Loved your transmedia storytelling presentation.
fuck exercise b
Who me? Tell you about what? :)
I'll call you soon
excellent dude. hope it's a perfect fit.
RT : ": in the mood to retweet stuff . hope u don't mind"< in the mood to retweet stuff . hope u don't mind
Too funny. Was registering 4 #googleplaces business kit & watching on Then read hotpot tweet from game
yes, we are getting so close!!!!!! it is a fangirl squeal kind of moment.lol
Most men's erections are five-and-a-half to six inches long.
We made it! We are going to play at the Hard Rock. THANK YOU SO MUCH for voting. It is only because of you that we have this opportunity.
LETS GO CAPS! LOL
#NP Dream Chasers 2 - Meek Mill
I guess I should be happy, it could have been greyhound and greasy chicken bags.
Darn you, now I want them too! Oh well, a gal can dream. =P
he never ceases to amaze me, THE Kobe Bryant
Gr8 day at for lunch. Much love & support 4 finding cure 4 #foodallergy proud to participate!
Editorial about #librotraficantes in Friday's New York Times, y'all!
Met with the AD's from Kansas and Illinois today. Talk about depressing. Might as well coach a Pop Warner football team.
sag member with nypd uniform available
you should put on there "thanks" and the twitter handles that donate
Lord you loved me through my good and bad you didn't erase my future because of my past. You just keep on loving me.
Alfred North Whitehead~ Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
aww no problem!
Cooking channel has great recipes for fun and easy dishes. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME the Neely show
U can take the mega bus from cbus for 25 bucks lol
Miss you. PS: Wine night asap. Probably some time this later week. Maybe sunday… HMM??
Yes Kirk that does sound familiar which is why no one wanted to see this game again.
love the music! keep it up!
Good game... Didn't have a good feeling about it but it was good. Nice plays good throws AND good stealing for BOTH teams.
The only things in life you regret, Are the risks that you didn't take. ~ by Anonymous ~
Catching up on So good!
Really wish it was 5 o'clock already
sweet thank you :) no I don't know that line. What's your website and your friends? I'll look at them
he wonders if you think about him anymore
We don't have one yet, but as soon as we do, I'll link it to you. Want to make a reservation?
yes!! that is definitely where my school is headed.
": we come from two different worlds ❤"
Who wants a Watermelon Gimlet!?
Congrats on your big win!
Thanks for the follow e i was you 799 f0llowr
What a day. Quite sad and interesting all in one. I would be more invested in it, if I wasn't so rested and ready to move on to next week.
Jesus Christ...what did you do those 3 days you were dead... cause this problems gonna last more than the weekend
great advice! But I think it makes for good songs hahahaha. Terrible mentality huh?
No Its Okay Finish Your Story I Always Yawn When Im Interested
still sneezing. so much sneezing.
My favorite chocolate or candy is __________________?
Lazy Sunday! HELL TO THE YES!
So, now that the super important football title is decided, can we get back to Syria?
damn i need some ppl to fwm bored as hell right now
fortunate that hospitals so close to shooting site. Hopefully, injured will benefit.
This will NOT BILL anyone who want's to help me out. just FYI I need to make sure things are working properly. tks in advance.
My thoughts go out to my good friend Rick who is recovering from back surgery today! It sounds successful. I wonder if OHSU would let ...
what you doing youngin? any more trips to the creek?
hey watch your damn mouth young lady
I'm feeling good about us forcing +30 vs. the enforcers (terrible follow-up to the movie 300, set at #paxeast)
How bout those boys from Denton!! Congrats !!
dont do that
Mark Milliron takes the stage for The Learn & Earn Baker's Dozen. Education matters!
Trimmed the fat off of Email::Sender::Server, no db per-se (no DBIC), home-grown MQ, less code, better performance.
I love Rudy's! Especially Jimmy!
This tow truck pursuit is boring!
This sunday come out to our show at the live bar in greenville NC
Indeed! RT I think we gotta get DaVinci and Roger from together.
It only took a month to hit me that J. Stamos is in those yogurt commercials cos he's Greek. Oops.
Are there klouchebag perks? Bc I deserve some #Klouchebag Site Mocks #Klout, Measures Your 'Asshattery' cc
": Tonight 7pm at Harrah's in New Orleans is the Ticket Release Party!"
Linkin Park is FINALLY back to releasing good music.
I'm such a liberal I love it.
$1 for $10 Worth of Food and Beverages at Mad Dog's Eatery. Limited quantities. This is an unbelievable deal. www.dealoria.com
“: I have an 8 AM exam. I'm sad.” I feel you man
#200 - Great job #Wake!
Really good feedback from the German course delivered on Thursday 'A very enjoyable way to learn and pitched at a good level'.
Why do I invest so much time and emotion into my favorite sports teams? Because of days like today.
Learning how to give and receive homework on cell phones, who would have guessed.
u love the dilly
wondering who is using oral history in a museum context?
<3 This! RT : This week I taught 3 fourth graders how to use mentormob at home. Both kids & parents were all so engaged!
im in the mood for a beer and a burger.
Working on quilts for the shop today! Have you checked out our kickstarter fund yet? Find the link thru
Childhood memory: playing roadkill bingo on long car trips. Really messes with the illusion of humane influence on animal population.
good luck tonight
People need to lighten up
Irving plaza nyc sat. jan 15th. Tickets are 20 bucks.... or 100 sardines! Waddle waddle
Ariana i love you!!<3 i am such a huge fan, i hope you see me :(<333333333333333
When I was growing up most kids wanted to be sports, music, or movie stars. I wanted to Henry Gondorff from The Sting
I want to see you so bad tonight. Give me a hint where you're playing?
RT A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. Ayn Rand
Christopher Nolan is a genius. Your arguments are invalid.
please stop that noise.
Hoping for win for the blazers tonight!!
Brides, wedding vendors check out
HI, can you please add a Seattle or Portland or Vancouver B.C. date? Or even better, all of them? :)
It's Dark and Rainy Out, Maybe There's a Song in There Somewhere!
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pinacolada!
Lolz I'm always down for the cause when and where??
LOS ANGELES (If you know of someone, please forward this along to them please) Talented actress needed for a short Dark thriller for the…
My hotwings turning out to be great
hey there
yes of course!!
because i refused to have sex.
Strange Journey reminds me of what vid games used to be like before they became infested by sally's that can't handle dying.
Hey AU! Come to Park Place community center for the Gap tonight at 7pm...we will be leading worship and sharing.
Employees who don't live your brand (Brand Zombies) will slowly, but surely, kill it. One customer interaction at a time.
A full pot of coffee and I still cant wake up
They take students if there's space not until they run out of it.
:S *hands an icyhot* better? ;P
I finally finished season 5 of #Californication! The finale is intense. Take care Hank Moody
Hilarious show let's ride nigga!! Lmao
BEER FOR MY HORSES - TOBY KEITH W/WILLIE NELSON
Ugh i fucken hate world geo or history, its so boring! -_- my worst subject!!
No - that's a myth. You idiots.
The efficacy of Virginia Tech's "no weapons allowed" policy is evident again today. Some people are just slow learners.
I don't step on toes n I don't share women...cuz until men out# the women, evn the math says I don't hav 2¡
tweet tweet! it's a beautiful saturday morning! off to
can I send u beats?
I've created a MONSTER
#PR is a very intimidating profession. People w/ disabilities can work in PR, but I feel many don't feel it's an option for them.
I know I am late with this but congrats to on the #21st prefect game
On my to do list today: find a way to get into SIA...any suggestions?
Law students on my train excited by rumor of school-wide GPA bump. Didn't seems to quite understand implications of discussing it publicly.
New to twitter (:
Last night I saw you in my dreams, Now I can't wait to go to sleep.#RIPMa!
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is one of the best movies iv'e ever seen.
#SignsYouAreASneakerHead If you have > 100 shoes ...
Huh? It's been sunny for awhile in Douglas Co.
Happy Membership March!! We have some exciting things in the works. Check your email inboxes throughout the month to learn more!
There's a way to avoid randomness in socializing when you're online. Don't do it. Follow a few people you have nothing to "gain" from.
Friday come faster
Send a text...who wants to go for fondue? *crickets* sushi? *crickets* hooters? 4 "I'm in" Again, I need more chick friends.
By popular demand we added #GREEK PASTA to the menu FULL TIME and today its on special for $5 till 4!
I love . If I were serving cake at my wedding it would be their Weekend Cake! I've been pigging out on those since 1993.
dang cant pm you on here...i'll leave you a fb one, xo
: Because we're drinking your #wine. At least, we are in Laurel Canyon.
Well, it looks like I might get to spend my tax return on dead animal removal!
cANT WAIT IMA TOUCH DOWN IN DA CITY..NIGGAS GNE LEARN TO KEEP DEY HANDS OFF OF FEMALES
I fucking hate ghetto people .
I guess lol
Tweet with your city’s hashtag here to help unlock the #Battleship screening!
no, thank YOU!! brilliant stuff!! made my day :)
Metta World Elbows!
just a little intimidated. just a little.
Grades are in, yet school is not out. Summer=doctoral exam, dissertation prospectus, 3 courses to prep, and two weeks of intensive Spanish
I read "Pinterest nutters" as "Nutella." Guess we know where my brain is this morning!
haha well if you're going to make a mess you could always come in and use the shower
This Shining Night will premiere at the Soho International Film Festival. Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
Male librarian rocking the urban lumberjack look.
For your Apple or Dell desktop, notebook or peripheral needs, follow our colleagues or visit www.techstore.uwm.edu
#jasonaldean is coming to miami in August 11 !!!!!
haha thanks for the giggle! ps lunch = yes. cc:
Yes. Kid has strong three stripe ties. It was a motivating factor, for sure.
Seski confused, fly fishing on Deschutes end with Flatbread pizza on table? Down by Old Mill Stream (Seski singing)
The evening slowly unspooling. Billie Holiday on the stereo sweetly inquires "What's new? How is the world treating you?"
Moving very slowly this morning. Need. More. Coffee.
Always and forever is the lock and were the key
I think the rule should be 'Don't be an asshole'. After that the specifics are irrelevant.
Hey ! Interview us about the Zombie Crawl! (voted Westwords Best Free Event)
... and applied them to their various situations from the 1740s to the 1810s
thanks to our new followers!
its a shame the paying fans have to watch a that lineup. Harris over Frazier ..... come on!
yeah- you looking for one?
How the heck does someone screw up egg salad?! That's what I get for trying to experiment.
wear all three of them! Lmao
no, i haven't... there are a few in town, i want to try them all! yuummm!!
RT : #OccupyRichmond #ORVA candlelight vigil in solidarity with #OccupyOakland right now at the corner of Broad and Belvidere.
I have family in Spartanburg...small world!
started with a few weeks ago, your tools have been a great help :)
I know I haven't said much during this tour, but goddamn do I love hearing every night.
That's fantastic -- welcome to the ROC! See you in the fall.
you're more than welcome!!!!
Yes, Monday has returned. But boy, what a nice weekend! Was it fun?
but it's so purtty.
My daughters math teacher failed 19 students and they all have summer school? #doawaywithtenuresheshouldbefired !!
I tipped the barista.
By the way, I was out-of-town for a few days so I'm just catching up on new followers. Welcome!
a few months ago, I hated spicy foods. Now I can't get enough of them.
Fighting is essentially a masculine idea; a woman's weapon is her tongue. ~ Hermione Gingold
#Patriots cold blooded!! Cuttin' folks the day b4 the super bowl!
My swag is like a Jehovah's witness dude, it doesnt take a holiday
I'll also be going to the one next year but that's far from now. haha
shiiid i aint even at the crib right now ill show yu lata
Baseball season starts in 4 days... wow.
Alright I'ma do that .
It's starting to get warm here in PHX already! Better hurry and fine tune my new iced coffee blend.
lucky that we r losing plyrs, but packers will b SB champs! If not, I'll make a donation to the charity of ur choice
It's a bitch girl, but it's gone too far cause you know it don't matter anyway.
gonna be a great day(;
“Why wait to have a problem to have someone to solve it?” -
#TellMeNicki how im gonna get ass like yours ? :)
At Gordon Visualization Conference in Rhode Island
All your swimsuit talk makes me want to be on the beach now.
it was so-so. Not as good as Spirited Away.
hey you!!
Hang in there! back on Twitter! RT Feeling like my life is ruled by project trackers right now...
One day left to have my cake and eat it too
Dear #MiikeSnow, "A Horse is Not a Home" is the best song you've ever written! Please write more, thanks!
You've got a clone!
RT : Google facing WHOPPING FTC fine for Safari privacy gaffe - Millions of juiced Apple surfers adds up to financial blo......
Im exhausted.
I understand; but I don't think it will be silent for the entire 6 days....
Goodbye, #ClassOf2012. I'm gonna miss my big brother<3 Good luck with life and congratulations!!!!
ur so welcome! Follow me!
We now consider selves Republicans (were Dems) because unfort Libertarian isn't going to win, but could be spoiler for King O.
Better question: Will a NY-LA Stanley Cup Final be what the doctor ordered for the NHL?
Cusotm made varsity jackets See the GodSpell Crew @ Times Square today 1:30 In there Red Jackets
I have an upper limit, too. If I see that someone tweets 30+ times a day, I usually won't follow, no matter how interesting.
it takes amazing leadership, clarity on what innovation is, passionate employees and real problems to solve.
you're just a hater and a waste of my time.
how can a cool radio show DJ have you on & get ur new music? Hook a bro up!
I'm on at 8pm at the Airliner tonight. So excited for this one!
Well, I'm a total pedagogy nerd so I'm happy to share ideas! :-)
Wisconsin Bike Fed's Bike to Work Week moved to third week in May for 2012 to align with national week. #bikefedsummit (via )
Follow Back:D
Stoked to see the film. Gittin' my tix at LA Film Fest... ya hoo.
Is that the Yaris?
We have kitchen and bath cabinets
i wouldn't leave you:)
july 13 at the ritz ft lauderdale. womens international holistic conference.
I bet I win that trophey!
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. God bless you always.
I agree, watching you in the studio was life. RT : Watching someone create is one of the dopest things in the universe!
Oh ESP how I despise you.
RT : Yes, , we the people are, in fact, serious about Congress enacting legislation that violates the Constitution.
thanks again for the intro to Garth, off to a great start!
lol Breisha are you even fast?
Game 5 today.. (y)
Wait just because you think Ben is more attractive doesn't mean you have to tweet that to Cory? They're both precious go fuck yourself lol.
Thnx! P.S. Welcome to :)
oh yeah? I think making SUV's still perform well and get good MPG is something they haven't perfected!
New headshots Friday with new approach (colors, styles, personal branding)....thinking positive thoughts about the results
I do not wanna work 2nite I wanna stay in bed and give my pillow do head and sleep with my bed
i already have :)
dang you hot js but Yeh but I won't date you
End of an Era RT New System Bakery is closing at the end of the day, for good.1 of the oldest businesses in Hampden
because of wwe
awesome and u will rock it
Check out our Thrift Shop Manager's Special for tomorrow - 50% OFF all framed artwork!
LOL! No dinner, just straight up dobbin'!
Not a freshman anymore.
Questions that keep me awake at night: Why don't we own Wayne's World on DVD? Where do my missing socks go? What of donuts? What?
lmaoo. Just leave me there for a few hours. Hopefully someone makes me a millionaire 😁😁
Thanks for the follow!
Good luck Indiana!!!
I'm right about everything......
thank you gorgeous<3
Did you ask your father? hahah :) & instead of tweeting me..you wanna text me?
Ik . I might die . I hate not having my phone . Fuckkkk me ):
keep in touch;)
Go for it!! Ink is the source my friend. :-)
It rains hard af one day and get low as 57 another day..
I'm getting it now, when I use my IPad it's TRay and when I use my desktop it's Raymond because I'm signed on wth oth id.
App. thinks of bacon while in the shower...
The more you work, the more money you make
Local experts explain why corporate recruiters like #studyabroad via "not all experiences are created equal"
My acting is like hearing a Funkmaster Flex mixtape...explosive, edgy and always on some real ......
hi Brian, where is your fireside chat with located?
Wasn't able to sign in/create account via twitter or fb. I'm assuming you are getting slammed at
Wanted to work late couldn't. I was installing software and OS updates to a new HD because my last one melted. It's been fun :)
Zimmerman couldve pushed him aside or use his fists. No need to use a gun against a teen.
Congratulations You are the winner of dinner for 4 at Thanks for RT-ing 's contest w/ DWTS
word on the interweb is they are coming out with an #iPad mini
[2 - 2] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 9th inning. Houston Astros 2, Pittsburgh Pirates 2
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 110
One of my favorite spots!
Rio, Instructional Designer /consultant in Portland, OR
Pap smears are for pussy's
#np How to love
Chilling at the office...doing the tweeter..
what's the word mocking bird?
bro!!!! Shes my stylist there at north star!!!!!:D
I really hope my mom let's me buy another copy of BTW but she might just say "oh you already have it"
sorry, don't know of any of those
let me just go make my profile picture harry styles cuz that'll show how big a fan i am. lol no i'm not a directionator i am a directioner<3
I love watching Fresh Prince of Bel-Air on my lunch break :)
Bitch stop staring at me when i eat
“: A leader sets the climate in the home. Are you a thermostat or a thermometer?” // Thermostat
The last thing I wanna do is go to work
Burnin' up burnin' up show em what you got babe you got it baby let it show.<3
I feel awful and can't fall asleep. Someone please text me and entertain me.
best of luck! *good vibes*
OMG WWE Wrestlefest for the iPhone is out! They have HBK!!! But no Koko B. Ware? Billy Jack Haynes? Barry O? or Tony Garea?
Jewish people do NOT teach their children to hate anyone. Jews always look for peace -but you don't want to mess with the IDF (bad mistake !
Gonna get all dressed up and head out to the big ol' Wal-Mart to buy some stuff...then heading over to my honey's for the weekend. Yay!!
Bought SHAMWOW cloths to protect my camera in rain/snow Works well but the frantic SHAMWOW huckster that comes with it is annoying on shoots
One week and counting! Not that we are keeping track or anything.
Shooting more with - fun fact: Rachel has to do two hours of yoga and three shots vodka to pretend to be my wife.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves
Eating dinner and watching The Voice
I'll break out the keys for your arrival to the
Can we have a referendum to ban North Carolinians from voting?
YAY!! omg you know a lot of your fans are fighting?? It's sad :'(
humble brag alert!
Looking at cute hair do's. My awesome aunt Kami is giving me a haircut before I leave for my mission. Any suggestions are wanted :]]
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full. There is clearly room for more alcohol....
Time to wake UP!
Beautiful fog all over this city and all I'm seeking is clarity of purpose.
black hawk down is definitely one of my favorites
Can you tell me why it took 30 minutes for a waitress to take our bill at Hosler's? SMH.
Editing some band stuff on the Facebook and website later tonight.
I disagree. Tulo thinks some guys need to step up and if pick up a bat over summer then can win now!
We will win I got faith! Demo <3
Obama: We need more than ever 2 call upon Mlk teachings
Yes I saw you trip trying to hurry across the crosswalk. Hang in there pal.
Edwin Rodriguez steps down. :( Thanks Hanley
lol you're going to get some prank calls tonight haha
We're awesome! And yourself??:)
Yes, I've actually started.. on your website :)
Yeah o's!!
Hearing one of your friends cry<<<
You are the reason for all my good days
Oh Chase Bank! How i love when trying to buy gas, only to find my card will be inactive for an hour while you "update your systems"...
Yay!! #excited Wish it would stop raining though! #justmyluck haha.
I believe in music the way that some people believe in fairy tales.
Thank you!!! What is SMPP??
i will seriously loose all my composure if i meet you in july. seriously like you would make my summer.
Generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as this ever in flesh and blood walked upon this earth. (said of Mahatma
Its no secret that I dont fuck with the Lakers
Today is the last day of our $100 gift card NCAA Sweet 16 contest. Stop by before tip off of the Syracuse-Wisconsin game to enter!
Special call out to our followers to Retweet the prior tweet - "we" (Nelson Mandela, people of Mvezo +) appreciate the support - thank you!
Patience comes in handy
And if the Big "10" can have 12 teams and the Big "12" can have 10 (and soon fewer) teams, why did the Pac-10 have to change its name?
whats up for friday :)
I am listening to Breakfast with the Beatles in the morning for once. I already ate breakfast
Humble as a fool
So true.. RT “: #Capricorn's may love routine but we get bored very easily.”
this photo of yours lol.. great seeing you the other evening. I'll DM you so we can connect when you're back.
Looking for winery's, suppliers, and distributors to help Know anybody interested?
Thank you. Yeah I can see what you mean...but all that variety still has a strong common thread—I say stay un-settled.
should work.
My tl dry ppl must actually be doin somethin with they lives today lol
Today sounds like its going to be ordinary, but I know better
bagged up 36.5k to end day 1 of the main event. had a good table until Lee Nelson arrived on my direct left and made me his bitch for 6 hrs
a bad reputation? well i think mostly that's just fear.. unknown meat to most folks, and their sideways eyes.
TB greatest QB in the universe..maybe next yr ravebs..technically is not winning..winning is winning
Off today, BBQ with the fam later;-)
Do you read every fan mail that you get sent? ;)
we're not there yet but we are growing and quickly!
Spending the day at the park tomorrow with some people playing football! I miss having recess in School!
Right on! Success?
And she will be loved
“: you guys got good shit! Keep it coming with the good tunes!” thanks brother, stay up!
RT : RT Thinking about a trip to Portland? See our beautiful city through our Flickr friends' eyes:...
Energy Focus, Inc. Wins $1 Million Ohio Development Grant to Support the Development of Low Cost IntelliTube(TM) Light Sensor
I'm in the car with Tays & Kaylee with the radio on. So much rain.
HIGHER THEN A MUG!!
Not sure what it being Walmart has to do with anything, but ok.
Have you visited www.undawareness.com today? Please encourage a friend to do the same. Thank you for your support and purchases.
you are great!!
Agreed RT : I would be very happy if I was never included in a "reply all" email again
Lol ! so you like bein watched . I wish i had your gutz dude . I'm not muscled down like u but have a nice cut body......
congratulations on your nomination skip
I'm helping a number friends w/Paleo just bc I love them.They are telling me: I FEEL SO MUCH BETTER! Bonus-fat loss too.
star student "didn't realize" she had to do last assignment, which is 20% of her grade and by my policies is looking at a 40-point penalty..
she only taked abt what i would classify as a #RatchetAssHoe yeah white girls can win against those kind. She never said real
Strong coffee + scripts galore. Reading, working, envisioning. This time next year... well, you'll just see. ;) Happy Friday, y'all!
Thanks to the team at Bascom Palmers.. I've been getting treatment and everything is looking stabkle/better:)
Great 4th of July! Parade in Patriot, meeting voters.. celebrating freedom!
Stop in and see all our wonderful teas. Whether you like Black, Green or Caffeine Free Tea; we'll have one you'll want to take home to brew.
Heading to THOR premiere to watch my husband, Josh Coxx, on the big screen!!
Do you remember back in the good ole days when you could get someone to do it all for only a single nookie?
Art is just another way to keep a diary. - Pablo Picasso
Sadly no!I must study Cemistry -__-
Cat annoyed I was gone all day: food overturned, underwear drawer ransacked, shoe chewed, looks like our old party aftermaths act'ly
you love me
"Talent is only the starting point." -Irving Berlin
oh lion king is on favorite
We pray that God blesses each and every one you through the night! xoxo
Looking for #Interesting #Quotes? You should #follow There are some pretty good ones!
OH SELECTION.
I love you Jann, screw the haters. Your music has helped me out of a funk many times. You are lovely!
You should check out blogs. They're more fun :)
Um what -Same As SHIT)
Bruins v Capitals tonight. First taste of playoff hockey for me. I hope it is a good game and all the action comes my way!
Spring is around the corner! Let us know if your neighborhood park needs attention.
Listened to all the way home from #Athens. Learned so many interesting things! Thank god (or Dems) for Public Radio!
Thanks for the enthusiastic recommendations That's what I was looking for & expecting!
#FF <--- Moving & Shaking up the Social Media World with her Fantastic Positive Passion to Help Jobseekers WorldWide!
great now that i dont see much of you ;)
this dude funny af' bro .
I will win the #Libertybakeoff IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO
Stay alive
You should read these
poco states took over the mantle of subjugation 4rm colonialists,theirs will always be Eurocentric sovereignty
Doing what's uncertain and risky isn't easy, and that's why the people who dare to do it are rewarded. - - - Jessica Stillman, London
Congrats to the SD Chargers on picking Corey Liuget in the 1st rd of the 2011 draft. Welcome to America's Finest City.
LOL!! i giggled at that.
will they're earnings from November-February keep up given the warm winter?
Of the 10 things trending right now on Twitter US, 8 are related to Beastie Boys & Adam Yauch. He sure will be missed.
Why don't u sleep?
awesome. Hope it all goes well.
Follow on twitter to track the adventures of Captain Freedom tomorrow on the mall between 5-6PM
Y'all rock am socks!!! “: I second that!! An inspiration. RADIANT.”
Yeah, I'm pretty awesome ;) Zoho has a free plan & comes highly rec'd, Bizroof is also free, & Nimble has a free option too!
I'm wearing chucks with skinny jeans today, my feet have never looked more normal size.
Nap time was.glorious
Maybe it happened on the one hand alley oop dunk by Davis when the roof came off the Superdome.
#Quote "I never #Pray on the #Golf course. Actually The #Lord answers my #Prayers everywhere except on the course." --
ur snarky? At that place? Nah
There is still plenty of time to train for our races! Choose the Marathon/Half marathon/5K! Sign up at monumentalmarathon.com
lol what is that?
WOAH I NEVER SAID THAT!!!! I disagree strongly.
Sandieija, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Good point: MT kyleejohnson a5: "social" use of cloud and "educational" use of cloud is different.
I'm sorry about that Peter. We'll get those picked up for you. Could you email us at ? Thanks
Already out of candy! This was a busy Halloween.
Kinda wish was not stuck at home all day/:
): i loved that show
will do!
Ok, time to continue working on a spaceship, I hope my idea works!
just breathe
Taking new promos with tomorrow!
we use blogtalk, im in san diego is in lv
this tribute page was a great idea!! RIP Dan Wheldon!!
Peter Alfonso : glass is half full. There are things that can be done via tech transfer, etc to connect #highered #
I dare you to cut sugar from your diet this week
"It was in the nice part of Target. It was $12 instead of $4." - Me trying to describe my shampoo to my hair guy.
s punk'd is the best
ya ik i typed it in and i didnt get any results
Thank you very much ;) I can't take it any longer haha, sweet dreams love! xoxo ♥
What a GREAT win for the CLIPPERS tonight against Okla City . Can't wait for the playoffs to begin. ClLIPS are the hottest team in the NBA
Has TRUST ended up with now that they own the Republic library? Hopefully they'll finally do right by it.
you mean, like people and machines? whoa, dude.
Commission's public input hearing from Santa Ana is in session. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
I was just saying this > RT : Ucci Ucci is my LEAST favorite song yet she STILL slayed it.
Have fun kids!
Compose new Tweet...Love is more than a 4 letter word
We delay removing the sin from our lives until "tomorrow", but tomorrow we grow older and weaker, while the sin grows stronger and stronger.
my computer is really laboring right now. fan on blast
#Aging is a Treatable Disease and #Immortal Again Secrets of the Ancients. Finding The Truth
What the lick read
We hope everyone is having a great #Monday!
night and Happy Mothers Day :)
Yay! It's Pop Song Correspondence Time!
not saying its impossible but DP made the same mistake twice and couldnt recoop. He also didnt fight to his strengths either
Recognition is the greatest motivator | Gerard C. Eakedale
Good bro talk with segei
Do the people who don't think the sex scenes in "Girls" are funny not understand comedy, or sex?
School districts need to revisit policies that relieve parents and students of their responsibilities.
Our protagonist & her daughter Angel are enroute to Mexico. We left off at the border crossing.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #travel because they bring the world a little bit closer.
I grabbed that one too!
Thanks for continuing to make my Wednesdays awesome.
RT : Look at the Laker haters....already saying OKC will beat us. Just keep letting Russ shoot. It'll be a series.
It depends on what kind if acting school you are looking for. A college? An art institute? A place to take workshops?
American Reunion with !
fuck wit me. I got all types of beats!
6 Days till Graduation...
why do you like SNL?
Mingus or Monk?
Our phones must dislike each other or something :/. I'm sorry . <3
drunk me says they are dogs and that you shouldn't argue with me, woman.
God be praised. How often does HE come in like THAT during OFFERING!?!?
You're welcome! Glad you're enjoying the new
#Nats Insider coming up at 1130am with Leon/Ramos news, update Brian Goodwin, guests, your calls before Nats pregame
Never reject anybody in your life. Good people give us happiness and bad people give us experience. Both essential in life.
Please tell a friend about us! We're so close to 2k Facebook likes!
Hey, that little crypto thing was a long time ago. You journos have long memories.
Only a couple hours left to submit your journal entry one for full credit. #NoExcuses!
FWIW, I always added the 's' until she tweeted about it. :)
Now Now, mind the F-word....
no a king
I thought I'd call it a night when the drunk man screaming across the street came in the store, bought a beer, & said he'd be back for me.
My day has been made 😂👍
Your Hair Looks Really Really Pretty! (: xx
Those are amazing!
i can't believe i'm already sore!! can't wait to go again! #goodworkout!
I want to order a swimsuit. How do you order?
“: I stayed in Miami with my parents this week :)”
man I'm sleepy as fuck!
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. - Lao Tzu
In DC until Tuesday morning. When are you getting back?
Alas, not personally/up close! I met some nice San Antonio alums though.
you mean the wiz! RT : I'm not usually into hype, but Wicked is seriously the best production ever.
New packers fan club named titletown fanatics titletownfanatics.com. Keep watching site for details.
Am I the only person that doesn't know what #oomf means?
Asking the stupidest questions, and getting the dumbest answers.
Oh she looked way cuter sitting down
all I really want for Christmas is YOU ;)
HATE this one- :3
Liam Do you want your home clean? We lOvE yOu TuRkEy FaNs pLeAse cOMe hErE
I just had a random old lady tell me my zipper was down at #chs Marriott. I guess it's scared of heights.
followed me back
Fun project! We are converting an apartment into a temp office.
Tried to change my name to kookoo4Crawkopuffs, but it didn't work..
Not a good start for what's supposed to be a awesome day
beautiful girls all over the world, I could be chasin but my time would be wasted they got nothin on you baby, NOTHIN ON YOU BABY
I used to practice how to C-Walk in my bedroom to Emenim. I'll take tater shaking to Ying Yang over that.
My last three words on Words With Friends were "be" "give" and "tape". Brilliant.
i'm IDIOT! U.U'
Check! RT : Q1) Pilots have flight manuals in the cockpit, some airlines have gone to checklists on the iPad.
thanks! You guys were fast, we're up and running.
Those are the best gifts!
Been in phone withdrawal....so glad to have my iPhone back....
Don't forget to submit your scripts to for the 2010 One Act festival!!
I have my own problems.My own friends.My own relationships.There not yours ,so worry about yourself. I can handle what life hands me.
Merry Christmas! I am counting my blessings tonight. God Bless!
“It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.”—Mark Twain
tweeted about the muffin man. Now...i can not get the muffin man song out of my head!
Thank you HUD for accepting my buyer's bid.
Everything including our lives are so disgustingly fragile and finite - better make more art, consume more arts, and say more "I love you"s.
Ok guys Time to take it to the next level!!
i'm tagging your name into tweets so often that i'm starting to say your name is 'real liam payne' in real life.
Happy Saturday Tony!
Oh that sounds a bit harsh.. I better add a smiley face to that shit.
I'm gonna be scalping for a tix to Game 6 if they win. I live 10 mins away from the Pepsi Center. Far from over tho.
it's saved me twice in the past month
you bet! Thanks for coming!
I think I'm going to get ran over by a nascar or something.
Thanks for joining us at -- your insights were useful and provocative
Oscar nominations this morning and a new Neil LaBute play at the Geffen tonight. Not bad for a Tuesday.
*Mom yells your name* You: Yes?!.... *silence* You: YEAH?!! *SILENCE* You: UGH! *gets up and see what she wants*
SOX: Alfredo Aceves gets out of T9 jam and the #RedSox take game two of series, 7-5 over the #Indians. Felix Doubront starts tomorrow.
I stand by my decision to bench C.J. Wilson on my fantasy team today. Decision pending on his next start.
You think I wanna be here?!?!?!?! only safe place for a Sox fan haha waiting for my flight to LA
Will the #Celtics break 70? It's a valid question.
Did you know, the . universal savings key tag is yet another eco-friendly way to eliminate printed coupons? Do you have one?
We are debriefing and amazed you have had three back to back early hours late nights. Must be the Brit influence.
Art played for before transferring to us
I entered the SUPERFAN Sweepstakes to meet the because #IMASUPERFAN ! www.discovery.com/mythbusters
slept much needed 11 hours last night, first show in chile tonight
Welcome to the new It's All About You Magazine Twitter Feed.... based in Newark on Trent...please RT
She need her arse whoop bad, and that will slow her down. : that's the exact same thing my grandmother said,lol"
It's gonna be so weird not spending easter with my family :( have fun in Florida without me!
yep and my mom saw.
Never was a fan, until today. She likes teachers! It's never too late to enjoy anything. Who knows what today will bring to you!
***SPECIAL*** Get 1000 Targeted Twitter Followers for only $49 & increase your sales, fans and More... Guarantee Best Deal!!!
I just listen to can I kick if with you bc you said it was your favorite.
Can't wait for "Mad Men" to start again on Sunday!
ah we've been hacked! sorry about the spam :\
4 originals wrote praying for more and believing that "Jeremiah's Moment" may just have theirs.
For some reason many average consumers have forgotten what #CompleteAlbums r.
Choices are endless.... BE CHOOSEY and join our fb page.
Twice I've missed the bus right as its leaving...smh give me a break!
WAY TO GO OFFENSE! SHOWS UP WHEN YOU NEED IT!
now time for Beltre to make them pay. Lol
cool. DM me and lets chat specifics
go kick rocks .
I got a chamois for a pet!
"There are two distinct classes of men ... those who pay taxes and those who receive and live upon taxes." Thomas Paine. Which one are you?
My brother just broke my leg!! And ran away !! Don't leave me there crying ! U just broke my damn leg.
SEA may be slightly east of pdx , but calling it more inland shows a lack of understanding of PacNW.
I can't even watch my favorite movie
Agreed! RT : Wow. Such a beautiful day ... I'd love to be walking around the Wilmington Flower Market right now!
Gearing up for a DP gig at the Surfrider competition in Malibu tomorrow!
K.D. You gotta takeover!
Don't think you're hurting somebody's feelings when in all actuality you're only hurting yourself!!
hell naw they took my role model, my everything. Shit just ain't right
No kidding. We're so unhappy right now. RT : The Lakers need help bad...
Football game you are looking most forward to this weekend?
ALL PRODUCER RT
Lol. Water helps. G'luck.
"Identity: I, too, dislike it" Farid Matuk
i luv that song :)
what about online?
yo yo. Jackson lets go surfing when I come to California.
Thanks for mention
when you finally decide you want me , I won't be there anymore .
been eating a lot, but i'm not satisfied.
i was in like toy soldiers and songs like that. and the music videos... like lolwhut lol
Moves like Jagger
1982's BOARDINGHOUSE, one of the first shot-on-videocasette slasher. And they have a 35mm print of it. I can't pass that up.
Thanks for the mention!! #my boyfriend bites his cuticles
I need to learn how to let go of my grudges.
I have now been on my diet for 6 hours.
Who is that?
I miss you too poopface 💜 maybe if SOMEONE wasn't going to BVT... 😭
oh really
Does anyone know the exact date of when graduation is in May?
Tune into tonight at 5:30p PT to hear tournament host talk about The Umpqua Bank Challenge!
Ryan seacrest reporting that dick clark has died... yet another sign that the world will come to an end this year
#FF wonderful music, I so enjoyed the beautiful solo piano suites.To a wonderful new year of creativity
#winesolveseverything and then some...enjoy your weekend!
Delta Theta brought #WDA to Univ of Maine for 29 years, starting April 25, 1959. Happy Founders Day Delta Theta alumnae!
drawing to attention to the Sudan! Go George!
It's errand day for me - bank, car maintenance, DMV, etc. Whee! Grown-up work.
Update on Dontaye Henderson trial -- action won't start until Monday in Dept. 20 w/ Judge Kearney. Expected to last two weeks...
2 bad the big miss wasn't there for the 'blood spinning'...
If your definition of friendship is causing very public nervous breakdowns, then this friendship is over. Thanks a lot Lori.
what's your problem
Did Ke$ha disappear off the face of the earth....or what?
Weekly #HCG P3 Tip: When choosing dressing for P3 avoid using 'low-fat' or 'non-fat' dressings.They add more sugars in replace of the fat.
Todays plans: Getting my birth certificate downtown, Getting my haircut(hopefully), hangin out with grandma, and then the overnighter! :)
It's going to be fun!! Get the word out to all the other trainers.
Just heard a string quartet version of "Such Great Heights" at a cafe and I hereby revoke every nice thing I've said about New York
4th quarter, 3 mins left, Denver and Pitt tied...ok now it's
#100CosasQueAmoHacer Y'ama M'is We'bos... I Would Like That;)
OMG, I FOUND OUT WHEN I GOT HOME AND FREAKED OUT! WE BETTER GET PASSES THOUGH <3
=( i wish i was as cool as you
Co-taught with my boss today and will be doing my first solo session on Tuesday under threat of a tornado drill.
Why do people follow the republiCONS like sheep??? Do what's right people!!!
Thanks for the follow. I'm really interested in your service. Probably around the first of the year.
Have you tried the summer menu? Breeze in and see what's cookin' on the patio - come to our Thurs "Retro on the Patio" night!
Anyone else having problems with twitter because it says I have no followers
A guy who looked like the shooter on #onetreehill just walked through the SAC. I froze right up.
a lil bit:)
Can not wait! I got mine RT : One more month till my book signing at AT&T park! Can't wait!
Tweet me your fav pics of Austin! I'll choose a fav and the winner gets a DM to either , , or
Nope we did.
Thanks! That's my goal lol
Thanks for the fun event. Great to watch do a live interview. Looking forward to next one.
Going HAM on my homework, then bed time fo sho!!!
d(-__-)b Headphones in, rest of the world OUT
He doesn't have money but when I get pissed off at him he all the sudden has some -.-
Throwing caution 2 the wind & eating a pre-weigh-in burger at
"Patty!" I still can't get over that. Sorry.
Thanks to all who stopped by last night at the tree lighting! Come in today for a burger &sweet treat, or a Pulled Pork & Avocado Empanada!
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
So excited to have baby Kendall here in about 3 months
I bet is the best boyfriend ever<3
not back until the fall, back to the Chi for the summer.
oh my gosh! Saying an extra special little prayer for u right now :)
When I was younger I really liked that movie #LoveDontCostAThing but I just watched it and being older must say that movie is awful
Throw a dummy over an overpass into traffic, that'll make your day! Jking, Really don't do that. lol! Just stick to gettn drunk
...HAPPY BIRTHDAY to you Mercedes! !!! :-)
Underestimation is your secret weapon. With Over-estimation there's only one place to go. And it ain't good ;)
Looking for national + state data on stuttering/speech disfluency by age, race, gender, severity - any ideas?
Holy crap! RT : I saw Boogie Nights 12 times in the theater during its initial release.
Sidney Crosby scores within 5 minutes of comeback. The man is unreal.
who is Christian talking too.? 
I'll tell you everything tomorrow...
always play to win
Enjoyed meeting you and addressing participants with you at You were an excellent on-stage presenter!
Some crazy @%# happened to me today. No details to follow.
Q1 “equal” doesn’t necessarily mean “same” an equal chance at bright future means providing each child what s/he needs 2 succeed
NoafWes recording session.
Faded ha yaeeee
Somedays i wish i could go back to last year and change the way things happened...
why did you go?
Calvin Johnson is not human!
Thanks for the shout out!
keep your acct twitter is fun
Packing up and getting ready for the last dinner all together with the fam in Hilton Head.
thanks!! She will be I think she's just having a hard time adjusting to the insulin. As for me sinus infection :(
If you see something, ladies, say something.
I think she will warm up to the idea!
This week is pretty fucking awesome :)
happy birthday!!!:)
Mom said she would go into kroger real quick. ITS BEEN 3 MINUTES.
hi Dave, we've got Teen Boat ARCs in the HMH booth #1626. Come by and say hi!
Watching the Grammys! I have a new goal!
I just following you
is cooking for 400.
whoo bout to get my whip back
Andre Iguodala. Wow that was cold blooded.
Thanks for the mention!
my life is brilliant..MY LOVE IS PURE
Today is Monumental Monday! Get an entry discount by using the discount code tweet at monumentalmarathon.com
Nail Salon Infections in news today again - yuck. To avoid always bring your own files, tools and even polishes to the salon!
Im lovin this game...Heat getting it handed to them. Shane baby..you gotta go to a real team..go Celts
"you never know what disease can crawl from your dick to your butt when you're sleeping." 😂😂😂
WE'RE GOING STREAKING!!!! COME ON!!
D& tha BULLS, are given the Bucks a run.... GO BULLS!!!
S/O to my neighbors that are ignoring that loud knock at their door! It sounds like the freaking police.
Not so good. I'll be practicing in the library tomorrow. Hopefully I can absorb this material by Wednesday!
I think we'll arrive in early August, just missing you. When do you think your dissertation will be published?
Thank you for that! Our animals thank you, too.
"Kids Tested, Corporation Approved" -- ALEC motto
opinions are like assholes everyone got one . . . Smh
my tumblr is such a faggot though.
I'd like to wish all the Mother's out there a Happy, Happy, Happy Mother's Day! None of us would be here without our mommies!
Follow Me Pretty Pretty Pretty Please. #Mahomie Please Austin It Would Make My Dad 10x Better! :)
Heard there's a new show coming out on March 5th at 5:00pm on Fox Kasa 2 -
Great day yesterday! God is amazing!Excited 2see every1 Connections! Stained Glass Story from EU was awesome!
I like Amanda, and Gigi just fine..But I LOVE Cricket #GCB! She's hysterical!
Thank you, dear :) That was just what I needed. Assurance.
thank you!
After talking with a photog buddy of mine And doing some research. I think a SSD hard drive is in my future.
Man I really hope it's not raining tomorrow :(
The National Museum of Play is a year-round collection site for the Bring a new, unwrapped toy for a child in need any time!
Have the day off today and already have 2 dudes lined up to breed me.
Do the trade downs, value loss, reaches & overvaluations, missed pix, etc show Elway has a plan... or is incompetent?
Looking forward to it!
Big "sorry dude" to the guy I whacked w/ my umbrella on the parkway this morn when I tripped on the sidewalk
You are more than welcome. You do the same!
What are your dreams?
I will be at SD Mom's Night Out Event this Thursday. Will you? I wouldl love to hear who is going!
this Monbiot chap needs to disappear. Goddamn lies.
Yeah- I thought it was a spoof, but apparently she's dead serious.
of course!
She doesn't speak Spanish.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Take a sec to follow some great Tweeps! #FollowFriday (via )
Angled parking on the 3200 blk of Toone St (@ Canton Dog Park) is complete. Caution: the block is now 1-way eastbound; access from East Ave.
I've been to Houston. It's all parking lots and sprawl.
I sent Adrien this long ass message for like the first time and all he said was Goodmorning -______-
yall trying to get some grub tonight ur boy off
Happy Birthday !!
m nice set of ear phones! ;)
great. u can already see it in my eyes.
I'm at 8008 Slide Road, Suite 1, Lubbock TX 79424, drop by let's discuss your commercial real estate needs! Or call me, 806-797-2190.
Hey Kevin! You should check out They're a clothing line right outta Missouri. And they have free stickers!!
In 2011, only 15% of #DC apartment building managers were willing to lower rent for a tenant, down from 69% in 2009.
I'm lame.
You aint got no pancake mix bitch
Have you been waiting to take your trip of a lifetime? Well, your time has come! Vacation values have never been better. www.FreeXpedia.co
be sure to check out our special SGK Race for the Cure Women's Wellness Section in this month's !!
Safely in Kalamazoo. Cool place close to campus. Sound check soon but VERY relaxed. Ah gigs in small town America.
Lady Gaga I AM yOu Big Fan Because you are my mother monster i was born this way...↨♥♥♥♥ Answer Me Plase Say me hello
Hey guys, Chris Jones, Charlotte NC, arriving 2 minutes early for our convo on the #K12 #ECOSYS now TUES 8pMT. Pull up a chair
I found your id in NYC tweet back so I can get it to you!
haha thats not hard to spell those right
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake !
a win is a win. Sometimes u gotta put the team on your back.
RT : When I'm passionate about something, I become a perfectionist. I'm looking at you vodka & cocktail shaker.
RT : Sunday and SET. Like meat and potatoes.
oh u kno it! It's goin down
#artpolitics living amidst disaster people are constantly surprised. We dontknow what comes next. The historicalpresent is an aspiration.
my blog just went haywire! All my side bars are now under my post and the bottom attribution bar is where my side bar is. HELP!
woohoo! That is outstanding! Congrats to u and the team of writing wrongs
I think Google is doing the later. SOPA could affect their bottom line, but they're defending their users, not exploiting them.
Hey there Kwabs....how's married life!! so sorry that I missed the wedding...rod said it was beautiful!! Blessings!!
take a music theory class
chills up my spine
Joe: "For some reason I still have to take a class that's writing intensive." Rammel: "Can't you just tell them who you are?"
JDrew: Community Action is one of the last open doors. One of the last places where they ask "what do you need?'
sad to say bye to CDL's visiting Japanese scholar Kanji Kojima -Nagoya Gakuin Univ who was one yr. Studied Blended Learning. Time flew!
elephant nose
You're right, I'm talking about people,a reality, you're dealing with money, an idea. You began this discussion, I didn't want it.
Good morning evry1... church was gud(:
I need help with my new band name!
wow i totally forgot about you... uh HELL YES! Tomorrow night?
Sleeping for me has turned from peaceful to evil. I'm scared to go to bed.
Ive said it all along....dope defense...efficient offense...play through the bigs....that's the identity
#FF a project close to our blackened heart part of our dark family.
Is it impossible to shop for a trench coat without humming the inspector gadget theme song?
bitch you been riding his dick for how long??? Haha. Worry bout keepin yo babydaddy before I come take him.
Like I thought, u don't have the guts. Can 1 b a Muslim if he rejects Quran & Hadith ?
Why is that all the girls that go out & drink all the time are the tiniest? Shouldn't they have some kinda beer belly?
6months today we went to 's concert :)
It's a beautiful day and is going in with the reggae at noon. And now I want some Jamaican pepper steak. -_-
The Woods are lovely dark and deep but I have promises to keep. And miles to go before I sleep. and miles to go before I sleep. Robert Frost
The Acoustix play tonight at 7, they cover a wide range of music so you will for sure be satisfied!
