Walker is destroying lives – our neighbors, family, friends. He is a puppet for Koch & Alec.
Watching Jeopardy! with Viggle Wed | 7:30PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Of course Obama is going to beat Romney. But then again, a Dan Quayle/Joe Biden ticket could beat Romney. It's not an accomplishment.
After 7 hours, finally finished that skeptic bullshit
Today feels like a Granville Moore's kinda day. Makes me miss DC!! And all my DC loves...especially and
omg I'll call & leave a message& you can listen to it forever
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
Super Sleeper Ontario Christian defeated Brentwood, 55-54 making a shot at the buzzer.
You're kidding me. This is the 4th bus that has driven by...
morning and i just wanna get drunk. get me the fuck outa this office
The girl I marry has to know how to sing. I've always wanted to do a duet w/my future wife and write songs together. :-)
Looks like my tweets about thr trip have been stored... some kind of google security thing.. ah google. well here the, some a few days past.
we are cool! What do you mean dramatic! I had drama too
do it big! #stuidogangsters “: HUGE day tomorrow. I should be in bed, but theres to much going on to be tired. #outworkeveryone!”
RT of you say bless you when someone coughs.
If Kyle leaves, I'm blowing things up.
Amazing! Congrats, friends! RT : We are close to 500,000 followers! Stay tuned for a thank you gift to be announced later today!
You are the bomb! Can't wait to follow you!
that and a growling grill cook is bad for business lol Eh. money is money though
everyone keeps telling me I ned to do this twitter thing, so im gunna try iy
heh knee starts to throb as I inject belly. I'm sure that's not psychosomatic at all.
xxoxo great piece!
you're bringing me back home guys! thanks for that. xox
"Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident." LOL, saw this quote on today. What are the odds?
These allergies have me about to forget myself for a minute. UGGH! Sudafed, Claritin, Flonase UGGHH!!!!
Obama’s staff got raises of 8 percent, more than double for regular Americans. But to be fair, many will be unemployed next November..
Everyone should follow my new #hockey blog:
9/28/43: Jews of Rome temporarily forestalled their deportation by delivering, after frantic effort, 50 kilograms of gold to the Gestapo
"Beautiful Dreamer" on repeat kinda morning...
Alejandro De Aza is what Juan Pierre would be if Juan Pierre actually had talent.
Although Ive been hurt I still remain strong. You think I have regrets? Well, youre wrong.
i dreamt quite sweetly though :)
piece of shit
come on in and warm yourself up with a sweet new tattoo or fancy new piercing on this chilly friday the 13th!
Judy Moody should've prepared me for this.
Because we do know all the lyrics...and ad libs...even when she takes her breaths...!
Wow, the Cowboys suck!
haha this some judge judy shit.. hahah duck supports gotta be cheap
I saw the Eflux today and thought of you.
“: Oh, you have 'the real' in front of your twitter name? Glad I found you, there's so many impostors.” awks hi...
why? Only losers cut. So be a winner and be stronger than that
Feeling famous !
I never miss a episode! If I'm not home I'll record it! One of my guilty pleasures!
My north face keeps getting caught on this bong piece.
Go Woody!
Kay good!
Pine Trees Soap & Green Cactus Soap are both back in stock at all of our online shops!
Pissed off at the moment. Hopefully, #Raw should help improve that.
Thanks, Will :) Wishing you all a good weekend~
You're insecure, Don't know what for,You're turning heads when you walk through the door...
“: Is it too early for me to be this drunk?” No.
#COSIGN lol RT : oh i know the feeling lmao...never again...regular funnions it is
The Cost of Love and Care is known only at the time of Loneliness...!!!
Got an acting coach today. Polishing the old skills to have killer auditions.
I opened the door for people to let unload on u. The kid was doing his job & be thankful he wasn't rude. #can't win! Lol
Let the Lemon Grove City Council meeting begin!
- We're hiring! Know of any upcoming or recent grads looking for a job in the music biz? Please pass along our info! Thanks!
Only about 13.83% of all content on the Internet today is translated into Asian languages.
You are correct & I thank you for pointing that out. I will add it today.
The view of Corey Hart's second home run from my seats, which are sensational, was quite good.
You're welcome.
Thanks for such a rousing #FF!!! Do you manage to get to Coventry very often?
ElPolloRey, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Volunteer Center of Milwaukee Inspire by Example 30th Anniversary Celebration, Thurs Apr 12 11am to 1pm at the Italian Community Center!
That's Right Baby!! U bess believe ;)
Counting down the days for my new camera...
I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.
Indeed! Or sooner, if my wife can land an interview at Dartmouth...
Corny feels loved. Thanks for following him!
Remember, no matter what life throws your way, situations change. Just keep looking up. That is where all your help comes from.
If you tell her " I love you " and her response is "thanks" you might have a problem lol
Thank you so much you were FABULOUS this evening! Moderator= ROCKED!
Had some kick ass Thai lettuce wrap "tacos" tonight. Amazing how fitness and diet turn things around.
Ha im being followed by 280 people.
Three buff teens standing around in the men's room awkwardly file out when I enter. Wh...what did I just interrupt
michelle what did you go to school for?
Hell yea!
Tax collector RT Before he was a disciple, Matthew was a _____what?
your Tai! Of course you can!!
HAVING LUNCH WITH MY BABYGIRL TINKY WATCHING ALVIN & THE CHIPMUNKS CHIPWRECKED!!!! SHE IS SPOILED ROTTEN!!!
singing Tupac verbatim...makes me smile. Thanks
RIP Mamaw. Everyone has their time. Make urs worth it
Yes I do.
O that looks sososoo good! Gimme a piece? (; and congrats on ur confirmation! What saint name did u pick?! :)
#Dodgers officially sold by Frank McCourt to Guggenheim Baseball Management.
then what am I? Lol
Sorry I'm late to this party... All I have to say is Boo!
“: “Hi, my name is Jackie. I’m a drug addict. Blow me.” –Jackie” Love this show
great!! How are you?..have a great day!!
Gonna chant Brock Olivo outside of your window when voting opens.
Because of this inconvenience called a #heart I might still film the GGB protest to make sure the people I care about don't get hurt.
actuporg Thanks for following...
#awkwardmoment cop comes and you arnt wearing pants
Great mtg w/Georgia & Rod from ! Check out www.artslant.com, an amazing website for the global art scene.
Barbosa aint SCARED that's what i'm talking about, just give the ball TODAY to West and Barbosa, then we good.
Oh, I've seen those before. They are neat! Like my single line slate too.
tweet tweet
Yes I have. A mess right?
Hey go see my Facebook cover photo
true, but Bissinger seemed to be arguing at times that they are a fantastic alternative to college sports.
They talkin... I'm on my phone! This is such a bullshit class
I had no money today or I would have
Was it a car or a cat I saw? #palindromes who's got a good one??
Just be on the go.
Thinking about Law School? Meet at tomorrow's MidAtlantic PreLaw Conference at Howard in Armour Univ. Center, 9-4pm
don't waste that margarita mix, drink it. I promise it will feel much better after drinking it instead of icing it
"I always apologize when I'm in the wrong, it's a hobby of mine"
Thanks for the DM, dude!
You guys should probably hire her, then.
I know he didn't bring me this far to leave me.
double down DVD and cd showed up in mail today. Check these guys out.
(Now my partner won't let go of "research findings." Gave me java stating, "Research finds Heather Corinna much happier w/coffee.")
I like her
Bouta chief one!!
F.I.S.H. - Fuck It Shit Happens.
Invitation code to CraftLaunch: CL-KBNFFF ...Good for the first 20 people
Playing #POOL with some niggas
ya miss my friends....but of course I have lots of homework
MT Snyder: MI reinvention means supporting a system where 100% of our kids are college & career ready
I WANT TO INTERN FOR YOU!!!!!!
One of my favorites just showed up on my TL. Hope you're well & hope Tahiti rocked. Try Cook Islands next. Great beaches/no crowds.
There's gonna be times when Twitter blocks 'Justin Bieber' from trending. This is what I tell them... Bustin Jieber.
Cool tools breed cool presentations. And mediocre tools (let's say, p-o-w-e-r-p-o-i-n-t) breed mediocre presentations.
you guys are funny =P
Dear you know who you are... That shit is shady as hell. Not cool!
A bootcamp sounds great
Just got up .... Very early for me though
Read Sally Perkins experience about developing and performing a story for the Frank Basile Emerging Stories, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Are you following all your favorite trucks? Check out
i keep putting SAY SOMETHIN' on repeat. its AMAZING
Former #Ducks TE David Paulson drafted in 7th round by Steelers. 240th overall.
wow thanks -_-
curious to know who Kalinda's husband is
That it is! I started that today too, ready for a good nights rest after all the hard work. :)
Dear Dodger Fans: Magic Johnson is a figurehead for the new owners. He's not making financial decisions and did not lower parking himself
UWM is canceling classes that begin at 4 p.m. or later today, Tuesday, Feb. 1 and all classes on Wednesday, Feb. 2.
I haven't seen my family or close friends in five months I miss them!
So cute www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJnrtoGDjPY
#sixwords - you mean the world to me
At the dentist with my son. Sucks to b him right now.
Our Companies 50th Celebration is today! Phillips Event Center in Austin TX, from 3-7pm! Be there
Getting ready to launch our unit with second graders today. To start, we're drawing conclusions using Owney related clues.
some actually cheered a vicious cross-check that hurt an opposing player. He was ok, thankfully, but I just shook my head.
Couldn't "84 visits" (if true) be result of computer browser refreshing pages or going "back" to page?
I didn't throw you away.. I thought you threw me away... That I didn't matter to you.. Because why would u want me???
Dyingg my hair and getting my nails done nextweek! Summer here i come ?!
Time to be creative.
Allready got you!!!
#WhyDoIAlways eat like a donkey :'(
Thx for the RT , the super kind words and thx for adding me to a list
yeah i need Kobe to actually have his head in the game today
what the heck? no. no. I was making a joke cause of a show were watching. Wisconsin. D:
We are just absolutely blown away by all the pictures for the MODEL SEARCH! Keep them coming!!! This competition is getting good! :)
My baby just called me <3
f you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen
It feels good to get on twitter and see new followers when u havent get on for the longest
i knew that ! haha jk.. my first year at a Lutheran school ( :
RT : Got a kid that plays football? Check out USA Football's new website: www.usafootball.com. Great resource, great stuff.
you beautiful person you 😍😘
Respect my come up
everyday at da arena
I can get on board with that. But I am also prioritizing catching up on 30 rock & doing some writing for fun
is one microscopic ass nigga who resides in my pocket all day every day!
It feels like u hate me even more...
Canada :) Quebec :)
No one texts me anymore ):
I had a boyfriend break up with me because i was grounded for 2 weeks and couldnt hang out with him.
I love it!
:( my aliens always fail to help me out
really really wanting this new job
Rumors floating around that Texas A&M AD Bill Byrne may soon be bought out. Interesting timing given recent SEC move.
lol seriously u wit one right now
Please Lead & Guide Me from this day forward... Never the less, Not My Will but Thine Will Be Done!!!!
maybe you should just let him do it?
it's been too long! I have a client referral for your friends at LatinWorks - can you point me to the right person?
did you go to prom?
Emulate This! ... The New Name of Our Company. ;-)
#3importantwords I LOVE YOU
It's normal for a Major League team to have 1.1 errors per game... right? Thats only around 180 errors in a season.
Concrete creates affordable climate-appropriate termite-proof housing in the economically challenged tropics.
Shout Out to my new follower :D
epic game right here. this one's a must win.
Just you or us?? We come as a set...they need to know that!!! lol
i never understood wen ppl said "dnt do things wen you mad" ?? like i would fukk yo car up, break up wit you.....etc if i was happy!!!
THERE we go! i was close. ;)
pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. ITS THE CIRCLE OF LIIIIIIFFFFE.
it gets better I guess, idk We all have different taste
Storytelling. No digital library without the mathematician Alan Turing.
Sometimes I wish you were worth my time, but your not.
God believes and realizes whatevers he's in, eventually it will be successful.
Anyone else remember the badass ROH videos That Wrestling Show used to put out before the PPVs? Yeah, they should get him to do more.
Can hardly wait to go to the Indiana State Fair..not sure when I'll go yet..but it's my favorite event of the entire year.
: Amazing. That's a site idea for someone, somewhere. A compendium of amazing Internet connections.
Where you at G?? Probably in the studio making that real N music/on Duncan Block! U should have won best male artist
Have an interview on Sunday for an extra bullshit summer job that's gonna make me extra car money
Ok i'm so relaxed right now.. i dont get it
baking a chicken and stoked because 24 starts tonight!
RT A little exercise will do for now..the best thing now is,i got a flu..perfect timing man!!!
I wanna b your Princess ur everything ♥
RT : Making fall semester or quarter #StudyAbroad plans? Make them with us and come to Ecuador!
High expectations... Let's see(:
Omg.. You were depressed? Jenna! Well I hope your feeling okay!
did you roast them in anything special ? Spices ?
Interface for Latino art archive is really friendly and looks gorgeous! - what software is that?
If im angry, I tend to tweet alot. I apologize in advance. Lol
Just realized I did not do the Carlton once last night. we gotta go back!
DesignALandsca1 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
well I hope you are planning on learning how to fight
i wont give up on you even if the skys get rough im giving you all my love cause i know ypur worth it<3 Please follow<3?
#liber2011 Planning to contact subject teams who teach info literacy, seek to correlate hours of lib instruction with attainment.
She's so old her voice went out on her when she was teaching! Hah
haha not this again
S/0 for still doin it n putting on for
The trees are sparkly white, like tree princesses.
#iGetRealMadWhen i see a stupid trending topic like this one -.-
Brand new Jamie Sadock group just hit the floor! Visit the #Golf Shop for all your on and off course
Gotta get my fix.RT #Brewers exhibition game Monday night (8:30 CST) at Giants will be televised by MLB Network.
What's your favorite place to stay when you visit Sin City??
What time & channel does KY bball play tomorrow??
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
I'm a master of brevity.
Emma seems like a cool person but her + Rob on screen together, eh... too much awkwardness RT LOL WHY?
Thank you to everyone who entered or tweeted about my blog contest! Y'all are the best!
You did great tonight. Keep it up for the rest of the reg season, the playoffs and beyond :]
Don't even try to act like we are friends. I do not like you, it's that simple.
Hi all! Happy Friday! The most productive day of the week for us! How was your week?
thank you!!!
I am beginning to like riding on the trainer during the "winter" (we're having a winter this year?); good for after-work relaxation
Awesome, thanks for the update. Jazz and festivities are always a welcome combination
I wanna dress up and take pics in Soho.
I hope the cavaliers don't find out that I dropped a couple brownies!!!! XD
too late. Haha.
Yeah. RT : i use to talk to all day everyday....till he started to hate me :(
LifeVine Works wishes its supporters, friends and youth participants a happy holiday season!
thanks for the shout out ! XoXo
Good morning beautiful people. ;)
Sounds awesome! RT : Making black lager-provencal herb sausage. With homemade beer. At Inovasi this week!!
Same here--good times. The Farewell Food Tour is a success so far.
Play A-rod till he breaks down!!! His bat sucks but at least he can field
College Planning Workshop in Rancho Bernardo tonight. See you there!
AH My other #Yankees Shirts are Dirty !!! -__- So Mad. I guess I'll just wear my jersey & a tank top under.
Was trynna tweet somethin else....where did it go?
Anyone an expert with OneNote?
where in Texas?
So glad I've changed & it's feel so good to be DRAMA FREE!
His backup dancers were so close to sucking his dick on national telivision. May god be with them. Amen.
right on!
Ite cool. Let me know.
Aw, I didn't think it would actually snow... but my dog will be happy, too! lol
Not sleeping when you want to sux! This lifetime movie is no good.
Then I saw you in the music video "I'm not the same girl" I was like, bitches that's Brandy! I really wanted you to win. <3
miami is looking real good right about now.. Smh
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) :P
More hugs. xoxo
An apple a day keeps the dentist away. Or makes the gums bleed.
Happy to hear! RT Really informative session from on sports&social media Lots of New ideas
A beautiful message of hope and peace for the world and everybody in it, Hilary Downey said.
I'm glad you can get laughter off my pain lol. It's ok though.
I don't think you like me as much as I like you. But that's ok because I just want to see you happy.
have u left sd sir?
*hardcore #british accent* I'm not laying on the floor tonight. "What are these curtains going to do? Im on the floor." ;P
twice, right?
fully agree. 35-second shot clock is the worst rule in sports. Also, college players just aren't very good at basketball
Ok im back my mom was using my phone and she talks FOR HOURS
Bout to retire my jersey at Kroger.
i need a new icon... but le to ugly to take a good picture
I'm a fan of Bernie Sanders although I think it's a lost cause within my lifetime
i love how all the adults on my facebook stalk me and tell my mom whatever i say...deleting you.
only half of the groups did the project, and those not very well. Lots of off task behavior, little motivation, some fighting
Even God makes mistakes.. I mean look at your face
I'd love to be living in London!
will need to see that! MS daughter possible future high school!
its never too late for masturbation...
Spiderman: Who's 100% in? THIS GIRL
Annoyed at 99% of everything and everyone. So yes, I'm probably annoyed at you.
My ear hurt
If you think you are a sports fan, you should check out
Making some Twitter progress THANK YOU SO MUCH for the new follows! Ask away if you have real estate questions :)
Reflecting in bed, sweating my ass off, listening to animals. Love you Miss you mucho/thinking of your positivity
Hi Aaron! Thanks for the RT!
Talk candy in my ear. c;
a sad story
Jump on the bamdwagon, you arent worth anything alone.
I'm sorry :-( I do not like taking pills either but sometimes I have no choice. Low pain tolerance.
#NP "wild boy" yea Bitch, yea Bitch
Donald you deserve the finals with Peta!! Good luck!
Lol i gt 50 more tweets
The English Beat this weekend!! love the Belly up in Solana Beach, what a great venue!!
Happy Mother's Day! Give your mother a hug today!
#DearOomf , stop sending me followback mentions ! I see that you followed me !
I'm on my way to Nashville to play in the IHG golf tourney...look forward to seeing you!
On The Phone With Jessica <3333333333
Found it on my U drive. Guess I'm the unofficial keeper of CUNA history. Lol. Wait until u see some of the others!
Yep yep!
Coming up at 6 on a woman survives an overnight fire in St. Paul.
Thank you all for following us! We are looking forward to seeing you on our pages. We are International Job Board. www.joborworker.com
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and 5 minutes to ruin it. If you think about that you will do things differently. - Warren Buffet
Our sincere condolences to the Lance family on the tragic loss of their son, Montana.
Is anyone else having a hard time waking up this morning. I guess I need some coffee.
My dad is telling me not to yell...and the game hasn't even started yet!
^ “In the greatness of your majesty you threw down those who opposed you. ⁰You unleashed your burning anger; it consumed them like...
BTW, Jacob's Ladder could use a tune-up.
man I hope! No plans as of now but I'll need to talk to Ali about it. London is going to be wild in summer right?
Glad you enjoyed it!
#OOMF loves his momma… and for $19.95, you can love her too!
Pretty fuckin sure I deserve at least breakfast bought for me. Oh, yeah! Pancakes. Yum. Can't wait for tomorrow morning :D
Hello from a fan! Saw you in Three Days of Rain at SCR! It's a great play. Loved the character shift from first act to second
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
now followiung follow her doe!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I am so thankful for all the wonderful people in my life. You are all such blessings! Let's eat!
no list required - I'll send you the FB invite, bring a $10 donation, and just come.
$ELEV support looking as solid and strong as their product catalog. Looking long and strong going into summer!
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" MLK... what are you doing to love up your world today?
What a great finish! Now I'm even more excited to go to tomorow night's Brewers game!
Bye bye Pittsburgh.. bye bye Asham d-bag
is dancing the robot to gang of four
a Day Late: My fav. Gave it to my sisters when we lost our mom. RIP L Bernice Miller
#sowing RT : RT My dude got fired from McDonalds for sowing a Champion logo on his apron
“: Purchase a $200 and record the vocals for free!”< or
you know you have our vote for #obama2012, can we get a follow for the new year?
my shoulders are burnt so bad :(
Friday fire sale on Rhino Magic #WeightLoss ! Buy 2 boxes get 10 days free!
I'll be discussing TAPE with Kathleen Hays on Bloomberg Radio Fri 9/9 Playwright Steve Belber will be with me: www.bloomberg.com/radio
love it :) ya outfits were smoking hot
Remember to purchase your Hairspray tickets! Show is Saturday and Sunday
You did well! Why do you think it wasn't good?
Hey want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find today?! Let me know -- TWEET at me!
Joe Mahoney is literally the only player left at A that is a "prospect". That is about the most non-exciting team ever.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
saying #Broncos are serious players for Manning. Good reporter, but color me skeptical.
Some one take me to school please!!!!??!?
THANK YOU! :-) So excited!
very fun :)
Are you guys showing at NAMM? I'll be there, I would love to connect.
designing a pipe wrench favicon 16x16 is tiny
Cried three times tonight
Touch down Giants baby!!!
Thanks so much ! We love playing in Chatt. It's one of the coolest cities in the southeast for sure. We'll be back real soon
Listen to Principal of the Year finalist Gary Baird talk about the joy of being principal of Lead Mine Elementary bit.ly/q7Yp7N
so are you going to dallas to party or do you have a ticket to the game?
Commission is discussing setting a process for the approval of draft maps.
Did they take traveling out the rule book?
Bucyrus Plaque Unveiling at Heritage Place September 24th 11AM
oh babe u got the good stuff good lips
5 lbs Korean Short Ribs (Gal-Bi) finishing their marinade and getting ready the fire.
I'm blessed and Highly favored :)
come with
just gotta hope for the best
RT Wow. has the best twitter picture of all time.
love this!!!
haha, thank you!
Wass up luv yuh guyz hope i can b the #mrsright one day that would b epic! Cuz i will b able to kno so much more about...
just watched that one last week. Didn't love, didn't hate. But, yes, lots of awkward situations going on.
turned it into a library scavenger hunt since we have wifi there! Making it work!
Ima whoop you, him and me's ass
Man I got all comfortable nsh*t. Slipped my mind for a second that was flying in tonight & wanted to get into something.
Voodoo ball fights....I miss Da Hood!!
dude, Ville Valo ! But you cant have him he's mine !!! :)
Life is now officially keeping me from Skyrim,
Ahem RT : Im embarrassed for that goal your defense decided to take a nap or somthing? Anyway thank u for that.
Thank you for promoting the AALS call for papers on technology and crime
Saute' those veggies with prosciutto, olive oil, salt & pepper. If that doesn't work, then throw on a pile of cheese!
Easter Break*
I'm down!
Still cheaper than a drunk in public ticket at #mifflin2012, so consider yourself ahead!
Small steps while the path unfolds.
I can't think how hot summer will be. It feels like summer today!
Congratulations to for his 2nd Ace yesterday. You da man!
#20thingsaboutme 15. My favorite singers are and Luke Bryan.
Meanwhile, (some) SENIOR CITIZENS are still trying to pay off their Student Loans!!!!! WTH???
no problem, thanks for following :) <3
Totally. And yet my cousin just did it.
But they said the book would come out in May! Now they say June! Better be in June I wanna read it. I love Bryn and Chase. :)
Never Forget.
#whatmakesmesmile the thought of Obama leaving office in Jan 13
The kid: If you don’t watch a movie with me-right now-I’m going to read your diary. Me: It’s blank. The kid: I know. I checked. Movie?
O'Banion suggests adopt principles to achieve completion agenda - Gamson & Chickering, CCCSE, D Jenkins, Learning Colleges
The Stock market plunge protection team is hard at work today "painting the tape" to hold on. Things are not improving in a day or a month
Just woke up ?
When you follow the dream in your heart, you're energised, inspired, & motivated. -Dr. John F. Demartini
I wish I didn't care so much..
love the #blast program - orange team!!!
With God All things are possible. Nothing is Impossible for you when you believe. Are you a believer or a doubter?
hmm. I may need to check this out. How are you & the family?
at the crib. whats the move for today ?
That would be the band Train. Yes, they are a bunch of nutsacks.
I wish people would not use the word "deliver" when talking about education. Is it just me?
That was the worst 40 min of my life
don't forget share buttons on e-mails. make it ridiculously easy to push content to your friends
tonight and I hit the turntables around 9. come check out the spot, its on point!
Even though i met youu, i still feel like you dont know my exsistance
I'm okay, how about you? :)
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw therapy is used to define the issues and if they can be resolved.
well you do that and we will bring the rocket ship (:
Girls who try too hard to get attention from me are annoying
Have you ever gone to an NHL game? It's an awesome experience.
I noticed that as well! I have no idea.
Thanks TaylorMade! Just got a black box full of white balls in the mail.
Sitting in the car waiting 4 Maurette Brown Clark's song "It Ain't Over" to finish so I can go in the house. Love that song!
woo what a bitch!!
looking for a house to rent near the coast of ms....any suggestions...hmu
thanks for following me :)
not true
Dean Martin and Tempurpedic mattresses are scientifically proven to cure a hangover when used in the correct combination.
Vertical ombre as in give my magenta to light pink multiple times around each jacket as to have them all appear 2b snatched in the midsect
Very well...thank you! Hope you are well too! :)
Let's start Thanksgiving Day in advance by coming to the best Latin Club in the whole area!! Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix !
LIVE tomorrow on #TWC Chan.411 @ 4pm, Helix-LaMesa goes head-to-head w/ Del Oro-Loomis for the Division II Football Champ title!
Thinking of doing so DYI on the long President's day weekend...Prefinished Engineered Brazilian Cherry 3/8 x 5 would be one to consider.
We have maintenance fixing the temperature issue in the auditorium.
I don't remember the quote.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP!
its like a mixture of blondes! It dnt look ghetto or anything lol its hot, ill send u a pic! & red! I want a pic!!
Join the team! Looking for: Sr. Media Buyer and Media Buyer #adjobs #austinjobs DM me if interested!
Investors lost over 3 million dollars just in marketing that World tour. It was put together too quickly without real commitments
I still hate meryl hodge
RT RT : RT : Having my hair played with and/or pulled >
"I was gonna have to move in with Ma, who's dead and doesn't have a house so it wouldn't have been good."- Moe
RT : Pumped for the producer showcase next week!!
don't forgot your other nickname OOH-Lisa based on your newsroom noises
I agree with Barkley, this game should help Rose advance his game even more, help his teammates take it over
u already know
How do u be there for a person who won't let u in AT ALL
Follow ...gorgeous apartments..
Absolutely will man.
The new Tim McGraw song is one of the best songs I've heard on country radio in a long time!
I hate my sperrys they always stay untied
Can you use #OHwaronwomen for your tweets and spread the word in the hearing room? It will make everyone easier to follow.
Alejandro and the low anthem onatage, too. singing This land is your land
Wow, turned really cold this evening. Was hoping to slip off to the mountains tomorrow for a run. Going to be below freezing at altitude!
Seven minutes is NOTHING! I've waited upwards of 20 minutes.
All of their damn testimonies happen in such a way they can testify on Sunday. Sit down.
#FF awesome supporters of original content
Goodnight ladies and gents.
Hey Tator! See ya soon! From the ol married couple sitting at the corner avoiding the crazy loud crowd in front of the Paramount.
Happiness is the best facelift. Diana Krall
Want to learn how to plan for an unknown future? Check out our Scenario Planning class on 1/23 at bit.ly/ypTmIv
did you have a good time at least?
Omg go away stupid bitch
#TwSIG Explain the dot before the again. How can you use this? = to you. .= public
this is just another sign that you should only use Titleist!
Just watching HardBall with him and Bill Maher which was great liberal porn and it reminded me (of the anal sex)
thank you my friend! Hugs
Gratziz :) See i punked out your Crew member she aint tweeting back like a puss :)
#MyBiggestFlaw I have no medium, either I'm 100% nice guy Mr. Rodgers or 100% The green Hulk . I can shoot from 1 to 100 in seconds flat.
I got a little angry today when my lunch got messed up, but I had already voted so my anger was a non-factor.
: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding
There’s only one thing you can do to combat a liar; stop believing and start leaving.
dark chocolate helps
Before everything else; getting ready is the secret of success. -Henry Ford
found my third wind...lets booze
HAHA dudee yes lets do that when I get back
Thanks, Jared. I've having a great weekend. How is urs?
we can't. it would be akin to believing we are in post-racial america.
thanks for the very enjoyable conversation this evening! I think I better get to bed. Goodnight!
Just got through my inbox!
We wrote a song called "God Bless My Man" that I think you would love. Download it for free@ harkerwolfley.com.
Man. Really hope comes back next year! Pleasure to watch...thanks for a great year of ball to him and everyone
it's okay madam. (:
“: Thx for coming to north side!” - Thanks for coming out & supporting #FoodtruckFridays for the
You're not too late! Tickets can be purchased on site that day!
The MVP votes were apparently miscalculated because you are actually the MVP. Congratulations! Good Luck Tonight!
Lockheed Martin has developed a special smartphone that can help soldiers posted on the war front with translation in real time.
Good morning. Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
lol you like them as much as I do. Hush that nonsense haha
Invisible forces are the most motivating ones.
Man with Hawaii ties solves his own missing child case
Amy Ames Autism Song awarded the front cover of the Christmas CDX Release to radio stations.
I guess I have to be dying to get off early from work today.smh
#OneThingILove #HATERS appreciate the luv n support.
My 5yo was angry earlier & said, "I hate everything!" I looked at my wife & said, "Wow, he's kinda young to be a nihilist, isn't he?"
wine is open. yes.
I fucking hate spiders.
goodmorning. follow me? ;]
Nigga u know how many Awards & Achievements are fabricated on mine?! RT : So how much embellishing is justified on a resume?
Issue One has the endorsement of the Columbus Dispatch!!!!
I wonder what I'd do if I couldnt have coffee everyday
Don't buy mine. I'll send it to you gratis.
Just pointing out- GOkickball aint ridin dirty... park permits paid, refs provided, t-shirts, & r PARTIES can't be beat. (ie free beer)
The French vs. French tmrw at 4pm w/ Patrick vs. tune in!
This nigga Melo tripping hard as hell on the free throw line...
Totally! Great to meet you tonight. RT : Thanks and Talking social is fun.
My b-day is in two days I'm so happy 17 here I come
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL Draft Review - Fox News
thank you :)
The Santa Clause! :)
Kill them tonight lol
Good Afternoon my fellow Grinders.. Let's reach for the star$ !
got your request on Facebook! We are all defiantly going to @ least 1 game this year! Keep in Touch Val :-)
have there been any recent updates to Bones for #genesiswp?
"Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually."
Amen! #truth RT : we're born special, our problem is thinking we need someone else to tell us that
Running another back2back today, this should be fun...
i have been featured by several national outlets and most recently CBS-K-Cal 9. Any opportunity would be an honor. Thank you
with such soft materials and scarves anyone could wear, who can say no? :)
hawaiian caramel soy latte and some yangling before the MVP summit, now that's relaxing...
Haha as tempting as that sounds...
Street date set for May 22nd. Mark your calendar.
great talk today at Rice! Thanks!
One week till Disney!
because you love Japanese TEXTING RT “: I'm sorry you guys, but why would I want your Japanese texting QR code?”
Thank u !
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there! You are greatly appreciated!
Quote of the day, courtesy of : "I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me."
Ha! Thanks, man! I'm definitely a fan random/lame jokes. Glad you're one of the few that appreciate them. Lol.
I've never seen so many pitches in the 60's...yikes!
- saw this story on the military channel last night. He had real gravitas.
Nice work from Randi on this interview.
i'm feelin' this starks fella.
how's the essay coming??
Amazing 2011 !! Thank you everyone who made it happen !! More to come in 2012 !
We are reviewing application #130059 - Edward Bernstein.
Friday Night Live @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar-Mark & Pablo flamenco, rumba, latin grooves. 7:30-11:00pm. Wine specials all night !
Right there with you on the DMB. Is it bad I immediately lose respect for those who enjoy it?
Good question !
never ending pasta bowl and unlimited salad and bread sticks how could I go wrong.. thanks olive garden lol! hanging with dad for lunch!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways send a good night & good morning text 💗
3 more months to be 21
you're like the sweetest! x
no problem, we are happy to help
hey minnesota twins,
Bomb ass sandwich at 1am. M
31 points! R u kidding?! the heat should be put in the championship automatically now that d rose is injured there is no more competition
@ Da water park w/ my nephew 4 his bday, dave&busters later 2nite, gud ahh breakfast this mornin, this gone b a good day
i recommend tipping your waiter the difference
Also follow back?
The classic bob is timeless.
Happy Mothers Day to the BEST mom in the universe! Wouldn't be who I am without my mom, her support and love are what keep me going! Love u!
I wish! I already use it as little as possible, but have to have it for my job :-\ RT next step... ditch the car?
I don't know what I'm doing
Aww! Thank you! : ) I'm liking 38 just fine!
i never seem to get tweeted back by people like , , mahone, or other great ppl i tweet :(
In downtown Milwaukee at 8 am for no reason.
please tell me when your coming to florida?! I got people to buy all the rage! I love you so much! Your my idol<3
Take yall azz to sleep, coughs and then hit da send button
Dear , please get back to re: HH. She is starting to grind her teeth and shake like mad squirrel... :)
Beautiful New York fall Sunday morning starting with nice pilates class. Feeling great after a great core strengthening and body lengthening
How much you make depends on your own ingenuity, determination and willingness to work at it.
To many thoughts at the same time ...
new blog post at johnsarahjohn.tumblr.com: JSJ does dinner with
That poster gives new meaning to "grind forth" Haha!
Reggaewave.net check out the live interview with up and coming Reggae artist MikeyWild with GeneralCulture between 2 and 3pm eastern time.
I sure wish I could knock out 4.5 miles!
where are you!!?
Zap is the name of the gay bar Harry went to last night (: xx
Ben taught me a new workout routine for upper body :D Now to have the energy to do it every day.. -_-
u forgot diaz
#TFOB amazing event today - gorgeous weather, tons of food, activities, music. Nice job organizers!
You want to buy me some (;
sometimes I hate when that happens. But sometimes I take matters into my own hands and enjoy myself or I start shopping on the web
Getting my lil girls off to school then gonna go do something later wit Jamie, Heather and the kids
"on behave of both of our bands, FUCK YOU" all time low and boys like girls will forever be my favorite bands
Do agents have a role in #selfpublishing? Agents panel at
::; Just got done with my homework!!:)-Energy Fitness laterr with Morgan&&Whitneyy
I'm getting strange direct messages from you. You should see what's up with your account. Just FYI!
Awww... I love it! Should really be my new mantra anyway ;)
There have been so many #Coyotes penalties in this game that I think the Sacramento Kings are now on the power play.
raves going on in the quad while I am try to study<<<
bad bitches know wassupp, he tell me dat he love me, i tell em join da club.
What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?
#dermal care: push & hold the piercing down to keep the anchor in place & to keep any fluid that may be under it expressed.
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers
Visit feefyefoe.com
you guys played a great game just gotta improve in the red zone, like the way matt moore played looks better than henne
The Pella one-week sale ends Sat. Get 33% off Installation! Call Jeff (505) 362-0529 or to get locked-in.
Franks Red Hot Sauce... I put that shit on everything
eggnog + captain = christmas
UC Irvine Extension Announces Spring Internet Marketing Courses and Webinar
Thx--heading to Shreveport this week to record RT : Whoa! Brian Blade Fellowship - where have you been all my life? Amazing music!
I love that video, I'm hoping to specialize in pediatric or neonatal nursing.
Star ships are meant to fly! thanks for reassuring that for me. I needed it. OMg I so funnnnyy
that will be in Hollywood Florida
There was a babygirl found alive n a Field in Salem IN. She's about 20 Months Blonde hair Blue Eyes. She was Flown to Kosair Children's Hosp
Never seen a D5, though. D6 and D10, sure. ;)
It's hump day and I have no one to hump what kind of ish is this! lol
hey I just picked up a used mint con. American Tele. I love it. In a tube amp you can sounds so sweet.
At the same damn time
I never sleep yo.
I was legit sleeping and I woke up when I heard him and started like dancing . ahahah
I would never, ever, ever use the word "nummy." But I enjoyed my lunch there.
I feel like this does not bode well for DD.
This to shell pass. 🙏
Just waiting for that insanely great steak burrito at Bandito. So hungry..m tamale too?
Treat Yo'Self Day. Every single day.
just looked through new issue, amazing issue, nice work! great spaces and great references
thanks for the follow!
Have you heard 's new album? Its amazing! :)
We'll be interviewing Tyler Hilton on Sunday any questions for him?!
lovely evening celebrating 's bday, discussing ''s Congresional testimony & debating politics with good friends!
"The typical Portlander has no problem driving a funky old Toyota, as long as they can drink good coffee and eat at good restaurants."
totally jealous!!! have fun you two!
Bo! Betty Lou just got the boot. I have a new (to me) car now. No name yet, though.
T3: There's a slew of social media monitoring #SMM companies that are bound to discover oppty's in healthcare, too.
midterm week. blegh. thank god for starbucks :)
r u serious? Girl u made me happy :') ima cry. I really love u. And thank u. <33
get off my brother !
Studio day! Boom!
RT : Forever may be unreal but I can see it. (......and if you can see it, you've made it REAL... <3)
So great to be home with my family and dog
well then CongratsX2 . Welcome to motherhood. Your life will never be the same :)
oh yeah?
I can see 3 U.S. flags from my office window. Wonder how long it will be until they are lowered to half staff as per Protocol.
happens to me like daily >:0
Would be nice if I was delivered the wrong pay envelope again. Actually, I'd like to see all of them.
Tears are the safety valve of the heart when too much pressure is laid on it ~ Albert Smith
Old crackheads r so sad! So u just couldn't shake that habit huh?
I sold my ticket, revised the attendee name, and sent it to the new owner. Thanks for your help.
very busy ...making toys for ...and about madmen.....!!!
Ended up eating at Rudys.
Uh oh, grizzlies look like they are choking down the strecth
" When a girl falls asleep texting you, it doesn't mean you bore her. It just means she didn't want to end the conversation.”
I'm in school, but I'm on twitter haha. #rebel. Just kidding, just bored tho. ;)
you lucky so and so
#Sixers win!!!!!!! They advance to the 2nd round for the first time since 2003!!!!
Grammys no so good this year... Im missing the standard kanye drama
I think we will resume in August because there is so much going on with our family still. Once mom is moved in!
If you need someone, feel free to talk to me (: or DM me your # so I can call you
Sure thing.
Alcatraz come on
I hope you're drinkin 40s tonight
7 of the 14 teams playing on NBA League Pass now have at least one UK player on the roster
nothing means more to me than your two boys.
Let's do it!
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou... Hm... Our boys... ;) If you directioners understand it...
or big elves! Or... ELVIS! LITTLE ELVIS IS GOING TO STEAL YOUR KINDLE!!
Who else from SF is going to Design Bloggers conference in LA? Excited to see and
Lethargic and lovin it.
I need to get some discipline to get back to lithe. I'm going to try to go tomorrow. Miss you!
When I want something, there's no stopping me.
yeah ok lol..... "mr. Depew why are u late for class?" Me: "um I was getting a lap dance.....and she did things"
VINNY IS OUR INSPIRATION :D <3
It's definitely surreal. 95 percent of my grad class still lives in the same town.
dude that would be amazing!! We need to do that!
The immunosuppressive cream I'm on for my eczema is the same active ingredient used for transplant patients. My MDs don't fuck around..!
I'm about to change the world.
bahahaha! Oh well! :)
Looking for speakers on #real estate investing topics send me a tweet to find out details
Kochs help Republicans catch up on technology
The Negro League's Josh Gibson is the only player ever to hit a ball out of Yankee Stadium.
I dare you to follow me! :)
Republicans Agenda pt 6. 20.No Regulations 21. Slaves and illegal Workers for Corporations Profits, 22. Kill the Gay Rights
Uh I am 12 what is this?
Excellent pitch yesterday, but was most impressed with your comments re your parents in the audience. Well done!
I like people who I can just sit and talk with for hours and hours and never get bored.
Witnessed some of 's rehearsal today for Britt Brewer's 'The Death of a Diplomat'. It's going to be truly wild. This Wed nite only
I'm team Rose!!
Have fun! Rich is a sweetie. Please tell him I said hi. Are you having a chordal instrument or just bass/sax/drums? That's fun!
Nyc rain is made from human urine. Be afraid.
Off to Vegas ... No time this trip for fun... :(
I can forgive, but I don't think I will ever be able to forget..
How u doin?
This is the journey of my life.
save me some
im kinda obsessed with "want u back" by cher...
A BIG SHOUTOUT IF YOU FOLLOW ME!!
NCM's Launch Zone, with RJ Smiles Inc., is collecting school supply donations. Donations will be accepted through Sept 3 at the Launch Zone.
its all about the Dalai Lama today
yo, so did u have to have the talk or what? Didn't get slapped up while u were sleeping did u? Haha
"Sometimes, Later is Soon Enough."
I'm winning so call me TIMOTHY TEBOW!
If you ask me to give you feed back on your track. Do not get mad if I'm givng you constructive critiscism...
What a beautiful day to start the week!! :)
I ALWAYS pack at the last minute...
O the ups and downs of production. I guess if your not being challenged your probably not getting any better at producing.
sounds Good I am doing the same :)
i'm starting a riot in Stevseton
When the butterfly emerges, does the Caterpillar cease to exist?
eww i totally agree. It is just as bad as nails on a chalkboard.
Thanks to everyone for submitting and making this another great season! Announcements will follow soon, see you at the festival in October…
Warren Buffet's rule is that taxes can't hurt him, because he will continue getting richer.
Woke up with my right eye swollen, who tf knows
Any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election or other major Stories?
For anyone taking bets - #Gatorade bath was orange
Sorry You have to show me
Excellent! What is Papa's drink of choice tonight?
Waaaah, I'm still not done with these coloring sheets, wth :c
You should send that fly to hell and go home to your family in triumph.
Love u guys Thanks listeners SO MUCH!
I appreciate the valuable RTs. Thank you!
that list certainly makes you think "not me!"
Crushed waste glass can now be used in roadways. Glass recycling will soon follow.
i think i'm more candy hungover than drink hungover, but i distinctly remember getting really upset over a game of jenga i wasn't playing.
Home from the first 2 weeks of my journey in Seattle. So thankful for you all who prayed, encouraged and followed! Blog when recovered!
Taking pictures <3 This place is gorgeous!
i lost 22 followers
It's FRIIIIIDAAAAAYYYYY!!!
wow.. That was close..
We have a new alert coming tomorrow morning
HOw r u?
Chicken wontons, apple cinnamon oatmeal, bag of Skittles.
Please plan to attend the Philanthrofest, this Saturday, April 14, 2012 @ Midtown Miami
In austin for sxsw interactive. Also, tom finley is a pretty darn fine fella.
Proudly stood w et al today for protecting women's health and defending admin's policy on #birthcontrol coverage.
lmao you bringing everybody up
Since I've officially moved I guess I have to update my account. My feed is filled to the brim w/ #DC related info & it makes me miss it!
new playstation ID is "MajorSeven1" boutta finally play that modern warfare 3
I've got another casting opportunity in western Mass, Twitterverse! Looking for renters ages 20-30 who've dealt with bed bugs. DM me!
Hi Aaron...LTNS
I mean, Titanic tickets* are not included. Hate those grammatically incorrect Tweets!
I'm not a toy; stop playing with me.
OK, I'm embracing it. And only 9500 or so more tweets to go to catch up to Sonya...
haha while the pic was loading i was like it better be angel and not some girl :p
Stamped polymer top layer provides opportunity for more-efficient hybrid solar cells Upper network of thin channels further enhances the
#NASCAR's version of the #Madden Curse? RT Dale Earnhardt Jr. hasn't won a race since before we all started tweeting.
thanks man!
Good luck!
Interesting a succussful supply sider in Sweden.
For me, it's like, I'll notice an annoying tweet and then check to see if they've tweeted anything worth hanging on to them for.
Great session, Stacey and Next Gen. Team....I learned a lot!
He makes me Feel so special.
Why wait until the New Year to make a fitness resolution? Join the mma revolution!
One Of My Followers.
I think I'm gonna cry watching ur video of Burts Song :'(
I will find out soon I know people lol and could you please follow me back :-)
Its a britney spears morning🎧
Check the stats, my team winning
can you give people to follow on tumblr? :) like your personaalll people not the 1D blogg
Its hard to go through losing everybody i once loved.
haha same here!!
I'm craving YOU!!
I'm good scared tho LOL
“: Is it so important to have long hair that you'd rather wear a ratty weave than your natural hair?....”
Nice job, Dusty!
What you are saying with that last tweet is the scenario for Win 8 is worse than we already fear ? Clueless in Seattle
s/o #NF can I gain some #followers pls
This what weekends are all about... Hit it twice, its a cool spring day, and it's time grab some lunch. Ahh, this is freetime!
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Sun, May 6 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
I've been doing good keeping it
Making something for our new apartment. :)
Beautiful wedding day for fantastic day at Huntington Beach!
The winner of a brand new Keurig brewer is.....! Congrats, dm coming your way!
new job :D
RT : RT : SLAers, tomorrow is the last day for early bird registration for #SLAChicago! So. Get on that. I want to see...
I HATE MATH SO FUCKING MUCH OH MY GOSH
When Marge goes through some changes the family has a hard time adjusting to it. Tune into this episode of The Simpsons at 5!
At la jolla strip club, the restaurant, for boss' going away party
we r stoked 2 have gerald on board- follow 2 stay updated on the film u helped him land!
#WealthyWomanTip Smile more often it attracts positivity and success :)
Im leaving tomorrow for Scotland and school isn't out for another couple weeks or so and I had to say goodbye to all my friends :(
If Content is King, is there a Queen?
I was gonna ask "how short do you have to be for your elbow to reach someone ass?" then i remembered you were in Taiwan.
So I guess is Maya Angelou tonight.
6 meths for that day, Hanes medium boxer briefs, and a pair of new shoes.
My mom just called to tell me she enjoyed meeting Sen last night and that is she is proud of me. Never heard that from her b4. :)
monsters + music +friends = a good time
Got the music in my soul coming out of my fingertips tonight
Thats too much thinking at 7am
Omgg Sharon Needles & Robin Mansions FOREVER!!
The city doesn't plow the streets in my neighborhood either. Way to live up to the social contract,
Photos at Facebook.com. Check out Dahmers's boyhood home
R.I.P MCA! I'm gonna blast the sh*t outta those Beastie Boys albums. :( :( :(
So many nasty feelings & issues that don't have a home in my head but there they are, squatting, trying to take up permanent residence.
come on, let's get #2012YearofTheHungerGames trending!
Okay so now you and are going out...I guess i'll be happy for you :T
at meridian pint for trivia. starts at 8 but peeps are already trickling in so get here fast
I finally changed your emoji in my phone...guess what it is?!? It's super fitting!!!
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
do what you love and it'll never be work.
This kid is awesome <3
Apply some lemon juice on the cut surface of the apple to avoid browning. They will look fresh for a longer time.
The Gauldur Amulet! +30 to Health, Magic and Stamina. Also a cool quest line.
O.O The number the bad guy just gave out as his in this movie used to be my number.
My Valentine's Day will be spent watching a movie about depression and the end of the world. How romantic.
Maroon 5 is the only rock band i would ever listen to, they go hard af
Talking at the , pretty much implied he'd seen in her birthday suit. No way that's true.
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 7
Don't forget: CCA meeting tomorrow, 7pm @ UE Church @ corner of Dillon St & East Ave. Come hear from your state delegates.
The (Thug) Saints should have to forfeit their 2009 Super Bowl championship to the Indianapolis Colts.
Excited!!! Doing my first paid t.v. gig, in the NYC, for Oxygen Network!!! YAY!
SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKING!!!!
Ask the slaves in the 'sweat shops' how their lives were improved--or are they easy to forget because of the 'improvements' here?
If you dare cycle down 4th St on Bike To Work Day (this Friday), be safe, motorists please be kind;)
Will be using #eddievedder and as inspiration tonight for my gig! Throw in and for good measure
Pizza of the Week! >>> Wood-Roasted Vegetable Pizza :)
okay well I'll just plan on staying there and see if anything comes up. I'll bring you and mitch a nice present
damn you know I would have been!!
Massive protest in NYC and CNN has Jack Cafferty reading emails from viewers?
When are you headed out?
2. Get the details on company benefits. The inclusion of these plans can make a huge difference between the effective pay of a job offer.
Buy CITIGROUP stock. It has no competitors globally. It is an oligopoly
Fat black dude always wearing that Green Lantern mask at the Grizzlies games
New motto for Taco Time: "Yep, tastes like fast Mexican food from Eugene, Oregon."
this worked really well. Thanks so much for the idea.
#saysomething it's amazing #yee i love this song :')
“: I love that haircut I agree you should get it” Sweet! I think I'll try it out:)
Sitting at the Snuggery watching DaBulls and DaHawks. Good way to spend time while waiting for the next train, eh?
your elitist expectations are contrary to your politics. Apple stuff=usable by naive users. Linux IS NOT.
Awesome! RT : We will be at tonight, 910 N Damen, Chicago from 530-730. Free wine tasting! Wine & cupcakes, YUM!
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” ― Marcus Aurelius
happy birthday:D
tweet me #AustinTo700K and i'll retweet them all! LEGGO before wakes up it's a suprise:P
That's a pretty tall Big Brother in action, there.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place
Is it arrogance, ignorance, laziness, or just plain stupidity that causes so many people to turn or make lane changes without signaling?
so I say those don't count lol
USA hipping cut offs are soon! Tues 12/20 for free shipping, Wed 12/21 for priority mail, Thurs 12/22 for express! Happy Holidays!
There's a time and place, When and where they'll bury me.
Don't get stuck building campaigns. Think strategically and build relationships.
#RAIDERNATION What up?
Yay! Over 200 followers! Thanks #echelon !!! Remember if Im following you please follow back!!! Ty! <3
With the 6th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Jose Bautista. Surprise pick Cano at
I hate when he sad... i kno when something is wrong with you i knew 4 so many years...jus tell me when something is wrong
Our one rule: Swag. Hard. So, nope!
you should follow us Omaha fans! #1DtoOmaha there's a bunch of us
Absolutely! Call me with the details 690-0250. I don't think I have your number.
you're welcome!! have a great holiday weekend!
Sounds good- I'm pretty much always around!
Thank you, Swiss Air, for giving me not one, not two, but three pairs of complimentary headphones. One for each in-flight film?
It wasn't so bad. It was my first Earthquake, though. It felt like the ground was sliding, not shaking.
“: Just got called for a gig... They fooling wanting me to do it for 200 blah ... Next” mobile?
I'm lazy as Shit LOL don't feel like getting dressed can u help
I guess you didn't have clear eyes, full heart because you lost
rain in LA makes me reminisce.
Excellent choice.
EW fix your face.
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first
She didn't think you would know her, but she and her husband raved about your service and such! Awesome.
Good Morning world, I hope you are having a wonderful morning
Nice to see you yesterday
#NP Scream - Usher. My song for the night 😄🎵
I don't care if you're big, small, dumb or smart. It's all about the size of your heart
Canned-ham with glasses.
Gisele is talking crazy "My husband can't throw and catch the ball"... Bitch thats why this is a team sport.
still searching
Cecil B. DeMille~ Creativity is a drug I cannot live without.
Why aren't the other teams drafting Massie? His grade says he should be a 1st round player.
This one is more amusing than murder-inspiring, thankfully. Or maybe I'm just too lazy to feel murderous.
Legal people may love court battle, and that's fine, BUT getting football back on field, not court, is key.
It was a joke. Relax. No one was ignoring you
MR G RATED THE MAIN IMPRESSION MIXTAPE TAPE IS OFF THE CHAIN
my thoughts exactly...MontcoPatch just tweeted it as breaking news.
hey hunter!! Thanks for the follow...you have nice flow ps
according to Will (who works at Target) the company pockets the money from their tip jars!
All about the Girbaud Jeans Brand - lee jeans mens
Just one week left in our June Body Month specials on Arasys & Sudatonic ! Call today for an appointment! 617-227-5499.
You are very welcome! Have you tried cooking with it yet? I make a mean brine for grilling out of it!
I decided to join the Twitter Craze. I am attempting to mainly tweet about food. We shall see how that goes...
Public service announcement: using the phrase "make no mistake" betrays your incompetence as a public speaker.
DC: Say goodbye to Knickles, Ruben, Lanier, Rhee, and the rest of the most arrogant bunch of mother fuckers I have ever encountered!
I dnt blame unfollowers who unfollow us,we should talk more :( i promise 2 record the auditions we're gna judge! Hope u guys still
Great question. Yes, at the end of the day I am fully satisfied that I made a difference in someone's life.
RT : q1) it's natural for us to explain the new by reference to the old
come check out the Art Star Craft Bazaar this weekend at Penn's Landing! over 150 local artists and companies. live music and food too!
I Love my cousin
When you can see something its easier to do.
Need to record some music? Co-write some songs? :-) www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Shedding, reading, and rehearsing up a storm.
Waiting for snowcopolypse.... Snowmageddon.... snowtastrophe 2012. They say we should see over 5", but I'm seeing blue skies right now.
Fill in the blank: The film that I most want to be in that has already been made is __________.
What's the problem? :) MT : MT : "No matter how you remix her songs will sound like Katy Perry"
Excellent "confessions of a new university president" Robert Nelson UT Pan Am #SACUBO - #8 feed the president information: no surprises
Preach it son! agreed. TM stuff kills it.
*RT2WIN CONTEST*RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & more on 4/11!
the clown running our contry had the nerve to stand on an aircraft carrier and say, "mission accomplished"?!? Yeah, *THEY* sure did.
just kick'in it back @ the hizzousss! I'm hit u up bout that BBQ... It might be a change in planz... Me & Manda work'in on it!
It's the least confusing one! And it has the least creepers.
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL!
Lincoln 10K this weekend; a team from running to support us. Good luck to them & to Kerry, Dawn, Christine, Julie & Teresa
Biggest freak on twitter ! Follow her. ( #RT for a followback )
RT : Today exceeded expectationsRT : Hope #barcamptampa was a great success today
Told me because I wore his hat, I have #SWAGG :)
I endorsed Richard Thomas on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
RT That last post needed a hashtag: #evanstontweetup proposed for 2/26, that's a Thursday. What downtown libation house?
When my family shops, they shop! When I shop, I come out with like one or two bags..
I love being stuck in a cave for a week with and , shunned from society
Auburn won the BCS championship, so SEC fans will be chest thumping all year again. Come to think of it, they'd do that even if Auburn lost.
I LOVE YOU TOO! (;
Int'l Festival was soo funn!
Free pancakes though!
business is great. NYC has a very strong market.
Visited the #SantaFe #CenterforContemporaryArts #CCA yesterday. One of the city's jewels! Art and movies! Fun!
random but LOVE MY !!! TO DEATH!!! dont care if kobe there or not. #Lakersforlife<3
Reading > everything
Finally reuniting with my girl !!!!!
San Antonio: Despite a cool front today, highs will still be in the 70's. Today: M/Cloudy, 20% shower. high 76.
YEAH I STUDIED. Then I forgot everything when I saw the paper.
yeah his tiptoeing lately is worrisome. His review of How I Learned to Drive made me think he owed someone a favor
praise God
man-toe holy crap
I'm having a bad day :(
omg.... I just realized I'm hearing a fiddle version of Aerosmith's "Walk this Way. It's down like a clown, Charlie Brown.
Dang, he's young
hey everybody in the valley just wanted to let you know we'll be open 2moro from 8-3pm so come by an get your car smoged wit the best in biz
RT contest still going on! Retweet this message for a chance @ a $25 gc to any broad ripple bar
zelda is epic. needa start playing again.
I'm pretty sure allot of people know lol
Shin splint's suck.
Previous post in regards to my group on bjpenn.com. Check it out if your into health and fitness. "Friends don't let Friends eat Fast food"
wanna come to let me know!
Haha I think it's more like 99%. :P
We're expanding our financial planning features. Would love to see what you think of our ideas. Email me:
Information is knowledge, knowledge is influence, influence is power.
3 day weekend YAY - have a safe and happy 4th of July everyone!!!
hey guys(:♥ -erica.
please tell me you watched
I love AT&T u-verse
Storytelling ethics: If the people you're representing are involved in entire process and proud off result, you're golden.
If Someone Seriously wants to be a part of Your Life they will Seriously make an Effort to be in it. »No Reasons No Excuses«
Chocolate Stout + Bacon sounds great!
everything in the planet, what's good wit u what u workin on?
Sometimes I wonder if the people who intentionally put bad information on Wikipedia are just bitter encyclopedia salesmen.
I agree- the apps allow for personalization of each iPad to suit individual students' needs
Apologies for the bad day; can't imagine I made it much better, but I will find a way for us to work together soon ^_^
sorry I meant indiana lol
Listen Hhahaa Ok But something Idiot
We're BIG fans! RT Happy Hour! Oh hey!
#Pysch is such a great show.
hey did u see my last tweet
#student Armada Township allocates CDBG funding
I love that!
If every one of your tweets is a subtweet. Get a blog.
At work hungry all this food
still the best place to watch a game in
Next at 9: Travis Cty Emergency Services want a new fire fighting helicopter. It's designed to actually fight fires.
I don't know what I did to deserve this, but I'll take it every morning til I die!!!!! Thank you!!!!!
Still awake from #thebachelor Ben is blinded by infatuation
Follow Friday
For every day you don't start, you lose day and are one day further from your dreams!
happy birthday!
I won!
I did! I hate The Underworld movies and I don't give a shit who knows! :D
thanks love!
RT : Guys, please check out this anti-bullying !...
It's funny how everybody is so appalled about Ovie's ice time. Have you seen him try to play defense? He is the most one-sided player in NHL
sorry bro got hacked can't change password on my phone. Hopefully will get it changed when I get home tonight.
i taught you well. RT Yes, Here we come highschool, everything I do will be lowkey af, and my circle will get smaller and smaller
Whoops. Forgot about my essay and test tomorrow..
RT : Seriously RT RT: If Tom Cruise still looks this young in another 10 years, I'll try Scientology
I like being in the back seat sometimes lol
Avast ye scurvy dogs, Happy talk like a pirate day!!! :) And thanks to for the reminder
...i feel so violated by lil wayne. and i quote, "i wish i could fuck every girl in the world." sick. love him and all, but sick!
It may be a little selfish or self centered but make me your main priority & don't give a fuck what people think.
neither. Its a collective of individuals with different talents collaborating/pushing positivity through action and creativity
got a great idea and drunning with it...
You sure did Eve! <3
When my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back Cause he know that it’d be a wrap when I’m riding it from the back
can you please ask all your followers to retweet #levilowrey? co-writer for "Colder Weather"? He deserves a trend =)
a Garth Brooks kind of day #NP Rodeo
"I Run for the LOVE of Running!" This is always my answer. If you are a runner, you understand.
must be a P.O.S. lol
I'll have to keep him in mind
I can't wait for Spring training. We'll never hear anything about Boston or New York once the baseball season starts.
Completed The Help! SO GOOD. Now whatever shall I move on to?
Carlos Lee hammers one for the Astros. 3-2
": Oh, you got Starbucks? Please post a picture on Instagram."
Mac Miller <3
When are we going away for a day? Take me now!!!
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
all TRUE (no pun intended)
I hope. Have u ever got to meet anyone famous over there.
Good lord, it's an expression! I must be just really old.
We are #Khalid Zalitin We don't forget We don't forgive. We don't give up. We can not be silenced.
Just bought up all night! amazing! u have one more fan! :) Cheers guys! -marshall
has the BEST tweets!(:
I'm encouraged to tweet from the #hhawards! Yay! I'm sitting next to one hawt actor: Thanks It's theatre week in DC.
First two volumes Scags Series available at: www.sullivanstpress.com
Melissa is convinced I'm just being stubborn when I won't dial Hannah Montana for her
Thank you New York State Council on the Arts!
Organizations need talented people more than talented people need organizations
Home alone, so bored. And the weather sucks.
Probably not sleeping tonight ... This stalker off facebook is telling me he is going to ind out where I live ..
haha I know, I had to call him out
No, I haven't. What are they? Where can they be obtained?
That Career Connect stinks, it didn't help me at all since I've been unemployed! So depressed!
Not needing to set an alarm >>>
Wow I got so much drama in my life, and fb makes it worse now I come on here and theres all this Alexis shit, I fucking hate the Internet
Just as a shout in the mountains can start an avalanche, so a single word, spoken in Gods way/time, can have a seismic effect. Solzhenitsyn
those shoes are THE BEST. Other then of course.
cat lady. awake. pedantic lecture: activate!
House party !
Damn fine lineup! See you in Seattle.
nigga you get shot down here you if you say something like that
Congrats on an amazing season on #TheVoice, Tony! I'm an old fan, and will continue to do so :) Come back to NYC soon!
Dark Corner is probably the scariest book of mine, according to readers. Thanks in advance for checking out!
and u should come over and stop acting so distant
Can your smart phone train your dog?
Sex workers who are survivors of rape OFTEN do not report because they fear arrest and marginalization. This cannot be tolerated any longer.
it's a sad state of affairs but you could start making your own. I've been doing it for 3 years.
I am really feeling your new Avi!! #Gorgeous :)
More 80s flashback news -- I just finished reading Sweet Valley Confidential. I'm disappointed. I loved that series when I was in jr high.
who likes wilson's hot tamales from cleveland ohio
By the way Mr. Vice President, you'll buy Ice Cream for randos at Dairy Queen, but can't make a Baja Fresh run for the First Fish?
Looking for another blogsite for a new blog. (Confused?)
Mail says I have 1 new email but I can't find it. This is going to drive me beyond insane.
amen! It's insanely hot!
#whydopeople think anyone cares about these stupid twitter trending topics.
Terrible news about I injury. I'm ready to suit up if the #Hoosiers need a big man! Always ready to help out a friend.
just tried scheduling and posting, neither worked. Same error message
hahaha I totally forgot about those. Now I want one.
Sorry ! I thought I followed you. I followed.
nice! Platforms?
things are going my way today :)
Welcome to the world of Twitter!
y u stressed txt my phone
You know you're high if the second you see a yellow light you slam on the brakes.
The Tebow Abides
You can tell the quality of a person by how they treat people they don't need.
Clearly noy funny
Just packed for Vegas in 20 minutes! #impressedmyself now off to work for 13 hours. Sin city tomorrow!!
