ok cool
14 more school days until graduation...omg...
Best hotel lobby music in Los Angeles goes to !
Now following. Or you can email me beth (at) bondimaging.com. We can accept Visa MC Amex or EFT. And yes we can scan to cd..
that's the goal god willing
Jamming to MJ at work this morning!!!!
N/F follow back
Yeah....understood there...
Indiana offense = complete opposite of
Hail 2 the Puppets, b it communist or n imperialist, so long as v get our cut ;) what's the diff. :)
Interviewed owner of 101 y.o. hardware store in #Cleveland Heights for this a.m. - stay tuned for the resulting app site!
You are Mark!
Ok, 2 new posts up. Glittery holidays to all!
I've been hacked!
Tuesday, you have been a little better, thank you. :)
Hitting the #gym on Friday with . Gotta stay in shape
yeah. I dont understand what the hell is going on with that. You got a point
i wanna thankk today to because she has put up with for this long & supported him the whole way <3 ThankkYouu:)
No valentine.....any takers?
Pray for peace, but prepare for war
I would call your amcs and request work. But it is show everywhere. Should pick up mid feb. Visit appraiserincome.com
THERE IS A COLONIAL WOMAN ON THE WING OF THE PLANE, THERES SOMETHING THEY'RE NOT TELLING US!
Just heard it's bday too! Doubt she's bailing on DC for a drink, but that Compass Box sounds good!
After months of delay and a lot of pressure, Rick Scott made a good decision today to approve Sunrail. This is only the 1st step.
hell yea lol. It's worth it tho. The chef goin in
I need some Python guys or gals, anyone looking to work with a SaaS company?
awe thank you so so so much!
Audition tip #11. Actors, if you go from homeless to famous, Do Not Go on Dr. Phil!
part three is royal fun so far.
I think I'm pulling for and the Clips now.
It's odd to see a Papa John's delivery sign on the top of a new Mustang
Check em! RT : Grl...people take so many liberties its insane. go ahead and laugh but God knows I did!!
"Get the f away from me." - Meryl Streep's body language
Okay I officially want to hear The Black Keys play "Little Black Submarines" live. That song rocks.
It is something I grew up eating and I always have the stuff on hand. Love it with hashbrowns and ketchup. LOL!!
I would love it if u would follow me :D
Effie to the crowd before the reaping.
I would love to see you & Will do an acting gig together. A music gig would be awesome too :)
Blogger seeking creative examples of ways to save $ on car rentals. DM Thanks!
We think so!
Black T-Shirt special, blanks $1.50
#Summer2012 is getting closer and closer :))
Studio session is going great. Heatin up the ssl
Currychicken for dinner (:
PHARRELL: “Don’t you know that we swallow guys” (From “Rockstar Poser” by N.E.R.D.)
YES, and he was chewing gum while making it. How sexaaay of him.
last weeks eastbound was the best one this season
I think I under estimate myself.
- You're gonna make me cry again . . .
#hottopic is a prime suspect
Paul McCartney - Jet - 10:05 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
no specific due date:)
naa some guy
Musically inspired by
Why don't we just require them to stay home? RT : Veils, more likely. RT “: Requirement that ladies wear hats? ...
wat part of the school is the meeting.?
Blight talking about the juxtaposition of the centennial of the Civil War and the Civil Rights movement.
have fun studying you loser
Haha - no, the very cute #jillstuart wedges on But I would like some hairy boots too. where can i get those?
why he played just about the entire game. But he does need to move the ball quicker when the double team comes.
Play the #bookpeopleunite song for your sister. I'm sure she'll love it as much as we do.
Kindest prof award goes to for asking abt my health, sleep, etc.
Good Morning my favor Sis!!! Cloud nine!!!
There are a lot of similarities between the US and UK courts, but there are a lot of differences too, especially with case law.
The best way to predict the future is to create it. -Peter Drucker
that's the way it should always be. That's what NYG do
no clue
Black & red wit tha stripes on it : im furesh 2 death . Who want it
should get online :'} now please
RT : Today we are excited to welcome LaCausa Charter School
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow urself 2 B made a victim. Accept no one's definition of ur life, but define urself H.S. Firestone
after st pattys day weather permitting we should be out on the regular
love this!!
Beverly S. of Rockford, TN, won an iPod Touch during our Apple A Day Giveaway! Watch Big Bang 2night at 7 & 7:30 for yr chance to win!
really? makes you sleepy?! need to try
Is Rickie hurt? Remember I'm not near a TV. Just a radio.
If I grew a stache like that, could I get some run support?
why am i always hungry and have the urge to eat so much food?
I'm about to exhibit the Duncan Principle. Anyone who gets that reference deserves a pat on the back.
RT : The remainder of Mad Men will be peppered with tropcalia rarities. #SONY/ATV
Gonna post this a couple of times today: Anyone know of any Maker groups or 3D printer groups in middle Tennessee?
you tell your boyz you played me like a bicth and i tell my girlz you have a lil d!ck!!!
u shld congratulate your sister, she asked out a boy and he said yes
Yes, will do!
are you pulling Kashi products due to issues with GMO?
But its caused me to act in such a crazy way ..
It's decent... Nothing fancy.. But I guess it get's the job done... Just make sure you bring 2 DVD's.
Buckling down on on my preso for 's Staff Day -- I'll be talking about Social Media -- What, Why & How for Libraries.
good morning! Have a great day!
Great day shooting video.
completed Chapter 22 in
ugh this day rite here is a fool
phone's off for the rest of the night. i don't wanna talk to anyone.
What do you call a Mexican that can't find his car? Carlos.
a movie, it's really rude haha, aww have fun! :) I was having friend to sleep but she canceled:\ x
If you say anything else re: the I will find you and kick you in the shins... ;-) Can't wait to see it!
Congrats #Brewers on a great season! So exciting to make it as far as the Crew did! See you in the Spring!
Wouldn't that eliminate the ENTIRE FUCKING POINT of Hulu Plus?
“No matter where you are in life right now, no matter who you are, no matter how old you are – it is never too late to be who you are...
Nice work. I might have to stare at the pics for a few more minutes, just to be sure, though.
as well as in my car/iPod, Disney Channel, Glee omg..if she was ever to be on that show I'd DIE! She'd make awesome character
HEY ! YOU GUYS ROCK MY WORLD ;D
You sing to us; it is beautiful.
Farmnatura, thanks for following us on Twitter!
If most employers (potential) require an official grade report, I will have to borrow from a friend. You can't pay if u r locked out of work
Congrats! for your Emmy Nom! Proud to work with you!
Found a shop that carries the #fonic prepaid sim card starter package. Finally back in the cell phone biz after almost a week.
Not since we left it! I think Missy has, though. :)
Miss you at the WUW meetings.. Looking forward to seeing you tonight!.
howw oabout following me? who am i kiding he will never notice me :'( </3
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
Those are quite possibly the most adorable dogs I've ever seen!
Foods that actually have more sugar than a Twinkie! Yogurt, tomato sauce, granola bars, fat-free salad dressing, muffins and canned fruit+++
Everyone that came to Terror Town, THANK YOU. Spread the word for next year. Most Authentic and scariest haunted attraction on island!
oh no..are you ok?
Will the Richard Dreyfuss Law Day lecture be live streamed?
Sunny in Milwaukee! Amazing what 90 miles can do.
Just finished eating there. Good stuff!
Finally... Hulk was awesome, about time, thanks
Why men are sensitive?
Wild! Go on FB u see all the crazy pics,but it was cool ran into some people that work wit music. Other then that eat Pizza!
Wonderful time w/some of the seniors at the Hilliard Senior Center today. I always love the chance to have a conversation vs presentation.
share the syllabus?
It's crazy that ur future husband is walking the Earth, doing something right now? Isn't it also crazy, that he might be someone you know?
some songs are about love... but you dont see me crumping to any of them
Big shout out to my parents for ditching me like always
I love
lmao I will when I get home :)
of course, followed ;)
Eliza is PHENOMENAL this season. Follow us and for updates!
Lots of great new tv show this yr - cant decide which was my fave...
Last time I checked, work doesn't reassure you that liking a finger up your ass doesn't make you gay -___-
yea im like y i got all these direct messages tht i didnt send out man
Maybe Pixar isn't interested in the superhero game now since they've already made a perfect superhero movie themselves.
My neighbor told me that we won't have to worry about alleycats now that we have so many Asian restraunts on H St (cc )
What is up with all the crazy traffic in Newton?
I'm so confused right now whose side do I choose??!:/
I'm super shitty that chef put me on bakeshop. I don't want to bake! 
Things will get better.. I'm praying they will..
It's been a long, long, long, long, week and I'm trying to shake off a particularly yucky day yesterday. So ready for the weekend!
Or his lit agent was the 1st birther.": Seriously. The answer is staring us in the face. Barack Obama is a composite Kenyan."
Kodak Expands Web-to-Print Reseller Agreement with Online Print Solutions to Europe and Asia
I know! I can't wait! Are you going to watch it with the Demetrians tonight?
lets get bleeped tonight!!! DADA at State Theater for Winter White !!!
Love the boots! Hope your B-Day was a good one!
Beautiful barn! I love VT, my home state.
did you just ask me if they know me....? But the worst they could do is not accept lol it's not like they will remember my face
Too much credit for pain, not enough for shame. All that hand-wringing. Pained had the answer, chose wrong one.
Audience suggestion: "CHICKEN!" screamed at the top of her lungs. Roaring applause. It's going to be a good night.
it's so hard to wake up when my house is so cold...
I miss seeing a lack of teen moms everywhere.
except for tv, obviously.
I have been stumbling lately, but I'm going to keep going. Grateful.
Ouch!!! Avs come on offense.
Sounds like a good plan! RT will def be visiting when I go home to PDX in june!
Considering a weekly three martini lunch
2million and ONE, and until infinity. Greetings from DC with unwavering LOVE. Asante sana!
#mymommaalwaystoldme look both ways before crossing the street..
BASICALLY SAME i could be getting mine in a month but instead i'll be getting it in november..oops.
Nature is the ultimate pragmatist: what works is what survives, and what survives is what works.
Absolutely! They were grt. RT : compliments to the servers during #sdp2p forum luncheon!
": Excellent!! Taking my son out next weekend to shoot his Mosin." --> A great American tradition!
This girl think she bailing cause she just made it to 102 followers
Turing's paper clearly well-read in paper--couldn't tell so easily if it was a PDF. Have to keep better track of downloads.
We are always accepting apps, send your stuff over to and we will get back to you if you're a fit!
neh,. it's ok
I HOPE THAT YOU WIN!!! REMEMBER US WHEN YOU REACH THOSE HIGHEST HEIGHTS!
#FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON ME #FOOL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME
do you have a subscription to MLB tv? Considering trying it out.
I love this hot weather!
Moreover, those who do usually are not willing to do what is necessary to make a difference.
Arts news in Sunday's Times is a bit funky. Between the coverage of "Magic/Bird" & rock music cruises I am feeling stuck in the 80's/90's
Today I'm cooking for lunch
All Blacks Air New Zealand Beech 1900D ★★★★★
Went to my first away uva bball game yesterday. NOT impressed with Comcast nor UMD fans.
Responded to FIRE @ 56 Devon Loop, Staten Island, NY 10314. Red Cross auto update.
ticks must be bad this year, pulled a dozen or so lone stars off about three weeks ago in Shenandoah Valley
getting kicked out of kindergarten #hadmefooled!!
just got home and had a wonderful night. but now im have to many thoughts to go to sleep...go figure;)
And just like in most modern situations,the people who are harmed most tend to be ones who are already at the bottom of societys "ladder"
I would have waited to follow!
The Sharpo Murder Mystery Dinner tonight in Altadena is dedicated to Peter Falk. May he rest in peace. One more, thing...We'll miss you, Lt.
“: detained again! Do US airports not have access to Google?” Where's the love for the great SRK!
Got mom an iPad for mothers day. Win!
Since I'm down a computer, I'm considering buying an iPad. Less money, same function.
but they are gonna win sucka! :)
Coffee is good at #THATCampVA12 , ; get it while it lasts. Already had some convos abt teaching, learning, technology up in here.
Finally, something on Twitter I can use! But your link didn't work, how do I sign up ;)
It does look like I may have to leave Twitter and the internet for a time, due to financial problems. It has been a pleasure to meet.....
We've come far w/ micropayments - see $.99 songs. Publishers shouldn't only think of advertising for $ - says
is growing and hiring!
Turns out, the $.99 Store is the top distributor of the worst flavored everything, the reject snacks. The shit nobody else wanted.
when do u play playoffs
16 more days until with and !
“The role of the artist is to ask questions, not answer them.” ― Anton Chekhov
How can we translate OCCUPY into positive systemic governmental change. To change the outcomes we must change the system.
be grateful for the small things in life...
That one person that's always making little problems a BIG deal...
THANK GOD FOR WATER LINES BREAKING!!! Just closed the center down with pay!!!! Yayyyy
I almost dumped a tub of rice down the garbage disposal...then I remembered Briand. The things you learn in college.
Intangibles and wow factors must be considered as value issue
Breakfast at Tiffany's at Brooklyn Bridge Park. August 11th at Sunset, Free!
Honestly I made this decision to save you and myself from a situation that could have gotten worse.
i got rid of my dip-dye now everyone's getting it done..i cant stress enough at how much it ruins your hair!!
The end of 1st quarter Dakota leads the Jam by 3 (24-21). Trey Johnson leads the Jam with 5 points
follow for a shouout!
Hit the ball. Na. Seriously hit the ball. Na. Hit the damn ball! Na. I quit.
Long story within a story within a story within a story short:
#Thingsilearnedfromtoby:Jump in a giant room completely not seeing the obvious button
hit me up on aim (RGNjay) haven't got skype yet. lol or PM me
how very hunger games of you ;)
PLS FOLLOW !! The Premier Bollywood Fusion Events Group. #
All new on bike drills for 2011, check us out @ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
100 homes evacuated after a dummy missile falls in neighborhood. Next!
Nope. Just steroids.
#jewishpeopleproblems RT : Why is my Israeli falafel spot closed on Easter Sunday?
Another #Browns victory means 25% OFF YOUR ENTIRE PURCHASE all day Monday! Enter promocode: browns25 at www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
amen to that
Welcome to my world. Much as I want to turn the channel, I can't look away. ;-)
all good; not like it's father's day or anything
MAKE A NEW ONE <33333
un huh
wondering if mark twain would have annoyed me as much alive as he does dead.
SC Desire 2011 Meet N Greet on Yahoo chat going on now. Come join us!
Pensacola my dude. Where are you at?
Wed at Faith and Whiskey where $20 gets you all-you-can-drink tableside keg service for 4 hours, plus a free pizza buffet. Bottoms up!
What a fun contest You're so creative! Can't wait to see our hard-earned eye candy in July! lol
#Sixers just.. Common.
With Apple announcing Lion, good time to plan new building network, with help from Offices, media, planetarium! Ready?
aw so cute!
Thank you for getting my name out there! WooHoo!!! Have a great weekend!! RT :
I really want to read The Art of Fielding.
Captain Howdy is having an all-day sale. Twisted sisters half off. :D
Christmas Weekend is here!! Buy tickets for any of your favorite sporting/musical event happening. Call us now: 888-493-0004
I hate to see dudes with blacl ass lips ! Thats nasty lol
Is it just me or are those demonic monkey type things in Temple Run... like, really creepy?
Since when does jefree star smile? WTF is this the end of the world? I love you @ mtHINCHER!!! Goodmorning
alright, I will!
#saw you in #class and hoping you'll think enough of me to #follow back. You got 1-day! LMBO
Congrats to and Dukes for having great supporters turn out at the Common Council today! It made a BIG difference!
Baby girl, what u inspire to be
A pass rush.
Big film event coming to the new W Hotel June 3.
Gonna Make A Ocean Tomorrow.<3
thx. we'll watch for others w/ same problem. you've got to open up & quit being so protective :) How r we supposed 2 market 2U?
you go girl!
evil is wise, be wiser...
Today, I have begun the process of unfollowing people that don't follow me back...My TL is way too busy. Time to purge
Enjoying a nicely uncluttered Twitter timeline...YEAH!! It was hard to keep scrolling through spam to get to one actual post sometimes...
I think I'll be able to come for a little bit. Maybe, if you are lucky, I'll let you see me.
Wish I was there!
Marie Calendars new "Luscious Lemon Cake Pie" is a must have delight. M...
yo I sent a vocal idea for that first track
PickUpLine: Lie down. I think I love you.
Who's it going to be? #Steelers or #Packers. I just hope the commercials are good!
We have no choice but to be successful if we manage our time and productivity better
Considering if it's worth trying to grab a TouchPad before it goes ... and for how much ...
Got to put gas in the car for the first time
yuck ate too much this weekend, not feeling good. =\ back to the real world...work 6-3.
This day and age, the business has to conform to the consumer and adapt or else it will fail. Plain and simple
RT : #CALIFORNIA #Senate Bill 98 on the governors desk awaiting signature to reestablish #Board of
power outage in East County. Know why?
Thanks for mentioning my Telephone Game post in your Startup newsletter.
You have to get thE insurance
NO,NOT STARLIN!
i'll be 31 in May; lifelong O's fan - absolutely loving watching you guys this season! keep killing it; good luck in NY!
Don't take the nipple away from the baby- Heimerl
#weliveinaworldwhere people don't care about the value of their life nor anyone else's
Goodnight twitter....
Too scared to post pictures of Corey and I, I swear they're the kiss of death.
Spent 50 bucks all night last night. Great success.
RT RT Prayer changes things. Pray BIG prayers tonight, God is listening.
Dude, you've been hacked... I've gotten two spam DM's from your account in the last 8 hours.
the bungler resumes tonight! don't miss it!
Let's TREND!!!
going okay thanks. And yours?
Love my family, but may go crazy being snowed in with them.
Be on the lookout for my new single "GO GETTER" coming soon!!
Yeah Buddy! When are you coming back to San Diego? I'm making a trip back to Phoenix mid-December. Cocktails?
I don't understand why banks put chains on their pens. If I'm trusting you with my money you should trust me with a pen
": Lol “ Puerto ricans love cocaine.”" -Rick James voice- "Cocain is a hell of a Drug"
I thought I'd tell you, since I know Brandon hasn't. I went & picked out the tux colors yesterday. they said with shoes the tux
Oo La Lucci is on Army Wives now? I might start watching it now!
It was my pleasure! Glad u guys enjoyed the visit. Safe travels and talk again soon! Keep me posted on BBM!
Huge applause to on just now. Sounded perfect
The difference between "Like", "Love" & "In Love" is the same different between "For Now", "For A While" & "Forever"
#UMass getting a lot of good looks (excepting the last Freddie Riley look) but they're not falling. #Temple leads 18-13, 10:24 to play
awww, it's okay. sweet dreams about catching it :)
Obviously they were better that day and that's all that matters. If SnD only required camping why did A4V get 6-0ed and 6-2????
Aw I feel so loved
Home from falloutn it was scary... Bu we cudn bring electronics so i missd ustream!!! :`(
First monreo done on to the next one, c:
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
Favorite addition to Mad Max's costume? The butt flap. The butt flap totally makes Max more threatening.
That big brain bug on #starshiptroopers always reminds me of a vagina
We're busy making sexy music...
“: he did the super sad face and walked way 😨” aww poor guy :/ if he did that face I'd be quite freaked out!
I get the impression that some is excited.
Good luck, Ozzie. Sox fans will miss you!
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
have a great show. Thanks again for the tix. My 7 yr old girl is at her first concert.
Ill tell you about it later, kinda busy.
ya my bad, I deleted my reply, after I read your other posts. That sucks :(
T minus less than 2 weeks! 13 days - huzzah!
Lol, that was a GREAT attempt though.
I'm feelin that!! Aye!!
Well, the two teams that predicted to be in the #StanleyCup are now one game away from elimination. and
at GC. my second favorite bass
boys are getting it together. This real life stuff is on a different time schedule than college! I am blessed they are home. Hugs
Teachers who know how to play classical guitar
We are but two adults and one small child, so how in the name of all that is sacred do we generate piles of laundry I can't even see past?
Rejoicing with the bride & groom whilst honoring my father & mother!
Thanks Brett!
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Read the book cause it can't read itself...like duh!
When two people really care about each other. They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
now THAT is funny
Hebrews 13:6 So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me.
I need free drinks in Austin pronto. Where should I be?
that shit happened to me once
Still thinking about the 360 #Fela twerk. Think I got it. We have to practice and meet back up
*Blushing* Have a great weekend you two!
Horizon Report metatrends 1) Social Computing 2) Visualization 3) Digital Storytelling 4) Educational Gaming - All mobile
Cleveland appreciates your dedication! You're truly a role model not just in football, but also in our community. Thank you!
Haha, good one Luke.
I'll be there
I think I'm going to be really sorry I didn't watch the Oscars this year....
Yes ma'am! How YOU doing?? RT lets rock.
FOLLOW AND HELP GET SIGNED -
Just watched The People Vs George Lucas. Funny how I have such conflicting feelings about something that means so little in the big picture.
I have reached my 2k max following. Anyway you can allow me access to follow more people? I am not a spammer, nor a bot :)
no........ Yesterday he told me it was his...
i read your story!! i want you to put a new chapter up so bad but if you cant or something its fine.
lol cool. That looks pretty cool but looks complicated hehe
i wasn't i didnt even notice tat my caps was on so when i posted it i didn't feel like redoing it...gosh
That's what you'll be saying
You'll spoil her! Next time I see you don't let me forget to give you Slumdog Millionaire to borrow.
Does Shanny keep anyone in check anymore???
Do Gay Couples practice the 90 Day Rule too? "No Tremaine, you ain't getting none of this Booty hole til August sir!"
I love #baseballseason!!!!
Then who would pitch the 8th inning? Soriano can't handle it.
Never lose sight of your dreams; all it takes is belief
Heh, I have a title in mind for a post on the Paul & Joe spring collection...if another blogger posts it before I do I will be mad!
“: season finale of big bang.... womp womp wommmmmmp :(” I thought it was next Thursday ??
OH YES! Tho on children inclined to give pass if parent seems EXHAUSTED. If parent seems PLEASED I say
WHERE'S FINN?
I NEED to see Shut Up And Play The Hits!!!!!!! Please hook an LCD lover up. Oh and James Murphy's DJ set.
Happy hour till 6 with a 630 kickoff at for game!!!
I know u looking at me and my tweets like WTF!!! .. #NOFilter hoe..lol
"Your ass is the perfect shade of golden brown"
oh I've never been there will have to try it out.
This chick said our generation doesn't crave broccoli they crave big Mack's #thiscantbelife 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Almost at 2,000 likes!!! Support Fit2go and help us grow :) Thank you so much!!!
18 followers to go till we giveaway a autograph
I got you
RT yo is one of the most versatile producers I know lol.. def. not subject to being categorized. #respect. <- Appreciated
(shameless begging warning) PWAs Facebook page has 113 likes. I'm not crazy about that number. How about 114? Can I get a like?
SPOTLIGHT ON Crystal Healing with Talbott Maxey - SPOTLIGHT ON Crystal Healing
Happy Mom's Day my sisters.
i loved 's shamwow reference last night
Weekend make me forgot about school. But Sunday just brings it all back. :|
Virginia, Maryland punt on billions needed for roads - Washington Examiner
NY-11 is Dem by registration, but conservative. I think it voted narrowly for McCain, & earlier for Bush by a lot.
I have court 😔
Collaborate, share an idea, or recommend an article Stop in for my 3rd Annual Toy Drive for Children in Foster Care - This Tues. Dec 13th …
"If your friends were to jump off a bring, would you jump too?" " Um, if my friends were to jump off a bring, it was cuz it was my idea..."
My mom is about to do my eyebrows, if she fucks up, I'll have to start sharpie-ing my eyebrows.
Getting the evil eye from a bowling alley bartender from Ohio.
that's great. My mom called me this morning. I said "I'm supposed to call you!" and we laughed.
Thanks for thinking of me today! Happy Wednesday!!
T-Bone? LOL I wasn't ready for that.
IF the music is Right the sex will be on point !! 10X's Better
Happy 4/20, ladies. How many of y'all still look bad as fuck with low red eyes and the munchies?
jus let me kiss u from head to toe ill make it up to u
No one response me.. Everybody just ignored me here! :/
I prefer pepperoni and bacon. I call that the Infidel Special. Muslims can't eat it and it goes all jihad on my gut.
Good morning, everybody :)
I'm on a boat....take a real hard look at....
Alright, it's official. I need to play football. Just caught a rose that was in 's mouth. It was a good interception.
good luck tomorrow! So happy for you guys (:
I wish they'd invent a vacuum for unwanted periods. Not just children.
Raining so hard, water is starting to back up in the basement!!! YIKES!!!!!
you're welcome :D and hello ;)
lmbo that movie is funny as heck yo hehe
So I really want to buy the Billy Jack CD but don't want iTunes to take a massive cut of the proceeds. Any other options? :)
Predictive Analytics Scientists-downtown Seattle hot opportunity in BIG DATA
I <3 Saturdays , what should I do ????
Romney was the chief executive of the Olympics at one point?!
wut kind of beat u lookin for?
Old National Hwy in College park on sundays be live miss those days
Opening Today in Houston! Elegant Perfection: Masterpieces of Courtly and Religious Art from Tokyo Natl Museum new Arts of Japan...
your note seriously made my night! Love you!
#Avs traded Shattenkirk and Chris Stewart to Blues for former 1 pick Erik Johnson and Jay McClement. Thoughts?
MAYBE I'll break open my Season 1 disc set for my Vancouver flight.... MAYBE.
Nomophobia is literally ‘no mobile phobia’ – the fear of being without your mobile phone. I get that the second my cell isn't in my holster!
already dorkily psyched for the #archives and library tour in two weeks. Tnx Student Archivists for organizing.
YES FLIPCUPS.COM has Rocked the Beer Olympics and Showed the World that we can Drink..Well at least my Teammates Did!!
RT if you think deserves more solos!!!
haha! i love that jacket. i wish it was from the 80's but i bought it online brand new last year.
Gdm twitters up early, y? Had a long night, no goin anywhere today nd to rest
Rob's Thursday tip: Kissing the floor at work will get you sent to Occupational Health for evaluation.
Ireland in Sept for our 5 year anniversary. :). Super excited for that!
Who shares cell phones tho
They should rename the #AMAs 'the show featuring all the over played songs from the past year'
follow back please
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 10
Listening to #Rhapsody while I write... Steely Dan is one of the most underrated bands of all time, IMHO!
Thank you! Can't believe we've been swirling in uptown on for 2 years now!
The game will be at 1:07 pm today!
These fab biz ppl rock my world!
All my South Florida Tweethearts, follow - the newest hotspot in Miami for Thai, Japanese and sushi. DM for VIP info.
Trying to remember what was the last thing I bought on Etsy...
Who occasionally like to participate in ignorant activities because it's in his savannah blood. Lmao
thank you!:)
Just noticed. Patients DO NOT like getting wet. Rain + stretcher =slipping + hills = not so good turnout D:
Drop by our booth now to have Brian Reich sign your copy of "Shift & Reset" then see him present on it at 1:15 in room 211!
Welcome to the team: Anthony Burk, Luis Rincon, Andrea Velasco, Melody Beals, April Henshaw, and Jess Martin
its like a dream and we have good seats! Im kinda like jumpin up and down punchin walls and shit im so EXCITED
The Davinci Virtual Office team is hosting a fun #ironchef competition tonight for our team. What company events do you host?
fine by me :)
Will send a draft over in the next couple hours. Thanks, friends!
yes ma'am I figured as much.
I could not care less about Wrestlemania, but anything that gets Keith David trending is OK by me.
Just make sure you all wash your hands and wear masks! Course that might make the drinking and eating a bit tough. :P
Maybe she keeps a jar in the nightstand.
Last day of #calibconf its been great. Excited for the last round of sessions, then back to work!
The storyline doesn't end here. I don't want it to
the city never sleeps its full of villians and creaps
Huge thanks to everybody who helped make our Charity Days the past 2 weeks such a success. Big hearts help build a better city!
lol you can have some of mine
One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother. Proverbs 18:24
Wondering where to eat for lunch? How about in the #firestonedistrict! Can't go wrong with Greek or Irish cuisine!
Prom tomorrow
How much would it cost to have someone play some deep, sexy saxophone music near me everywhere I go?
Yes, but we are not sure where at this point. Best place to guarantee a copy is at www.radiantrecords.com
Taking my parents to the airport ;)
Thanks Mallory! You were great to work with and I know we will film together again someday!
the chocolate one sounds good. *smiles, sipping more cocoa* did u make it?
Haters love me, they're my number 1 fans!
be proud slim,
Golden Eagles manufacture another run and tie the game 2-2 following bunt single, stolen base, groundout and SVA error in the B5.
u will n can be anithing u want jillian u have the look n the confidence to be n do so if is a judge is in the mind well hey go
I have on good authority that when you call up heaven, their hold music is the Boredoms.
The Real Slim Shady was the first rap song I ever memorized.. Lol
you seriously need to come to Edmonton!!
Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it. ~Harold Hulbert
Writing the #WPSLKC feature right now.
I keep feeling like it's Friday. This is the best day to feel like Friday.
Twitter Poll- Did Paula Deen irreparably damage her brand? Should she lose her Food Network show?
-- Check your DMs. I think you've been hacked.
Pretty cool! Miss America is Miss Wisconsin. Now all we need is a Packer win over the Giants.
Santorum is done.
JUST WHEN I THOUGHT I'D NEVER ACTUALLY FIND IT ON TV, #DUCKDYNASTY!! #quack. It is real!
Cmon Broncos be smart and get DEFENSE!!!!
bout to lay back down for a good hr
ugh, forget it ill tell you tomorrow !
hello friday. i am so glad to see you even if I don't have this weekend off.
now I really called you haha
Thanks! Where did you find them?? I wanna see?? lol!
Merry xmas
Heart test helps in COPD prognosis
I'll ask them if they know B&TEA tomorrow
I am following you.
Yes, we take paypal and credit cards.
I'm at work during those times.....sorry
a bust on your face
I saw heaven when I made sweet love to you
I was on youtube and im like whooooowww she suuuupppper pretty ohmyg she is ss pretty im like i have to follow her.!(:
hey jay
as I said to , I see the point about not many SWC (thankfully) and that you guys are doing a great public service. Tx
>yeah but this position statement won't be fun if I'm tipsy.
And Nick Cave does amazing covers. You've heard his Stagger Lee? Frightening.
I like that -- give 'em the 'rules' *after* they're excited about materials.
So far rossesse has eluded me, but it's definitely on my list. Had a ciliegiolo recently that I liked quite a bit.
Especially when they are teenagers! The fun just never ends and my pockets stay empty :-)
Thank you!! We are so delighted that you enjoyed your stay! Please come back again soon. :D
Bowling for Soup - 1985
You guys are awesome! Love the boxes and the customer service! Thank you.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 16
Today marks the third anniversary of my fourth cousin's sixth anniversary viewing of the 25th anniversary of his first film. Celebrate.
I love #GCMorningDrive! The #Golf Team! You got the little guy with BIG voice, Guy with great hair, and Holly has it ALL!!! :)
Don't you mean Dallas is going to be beaten by MIAMI!!! HAHAHAHAHHAHA
so true!!
Enjoying a legal moonshine of Junior Johnson's, procured from #Binny's...smooth
Robbins Geller announced that a class action has been commenced in the US District Court on behalf of purchasers of Wal-Mart common stock.
Sounds like NYT made mistake in data analysis that led to wildly wrong estimate of % students borrow for college.
i swear this place is like a jason movie lol and awesome bro
#vawine Expo special today: 10% off 3+ bottles, 15% off each case!
Time to get this money today
my back still hurts but I'm still scared to take aspirin incase it thins my blood and I bleed out from my tats.
If Smith doesn't get suspended THEN I'll believe is off his rocker.
No #onthebus tweets?!
He has risen! He has risen, indeed!
right? haha i hit everyone up. what are you doing?
doing what I can.
I need a picture looking out from your dug out.
ANSWER YOUR PHOONNEE
Lol my mom said "I would hate to be ur friend, you too mean & bipolar"
Watching smash right now. Seriously hope I like this show. Real actors. How fucking novel is that!
A Day To Remember today! <333333
On 12-31 major TV ntwrls will honor Steve Jobs - & they should. But will they also honor the 131 #police #lodd?
Cool story! What's the source?
Saturday! What's everyone's plans?
i had a dream about you. you were trying on wedding dresses :P
Jasper - Jacob, imagine you had a box full of beads and dropped them and they all fell, what would you do? I think i would cry
May is for Miracles and you can be a part of it! Visit a Costco, Sam's Club, or Wal-Mart to buy a Miracle Balloon for today!
Exactly, it's a habit. If I won't get my apple, I don't feel satisfied, haha!
I hope Margaret doesn't feel nameless now! ;)
Me and my boyfriend make hand drum songs together, so what? Lol :)
Realized it's getting sticky out again
U R Welcome!!
Thanks It's all about engagement and using the right hashtags! He found me thru a search! Candidates are out here!!!
will definitely be past 7K and probably close to 9 or 10K by the time he returns home. jealous.......
don't worry I'll keep lookin for some
Wow it is a lot to learn with the timeshare industry.
I wish I could be hangin out with Perfectly Cute tonight.... Though now I think I should just call him Mizzy. Hehehe :)
I see the rules but not the nominees or where to vote...forward a link please?
#KONY2012 #StopKony We're changing the way we use social media
(Yana)" jazmen your vocabulary is bro swag and yolo"
On my way to Warren Central 🏈🏈👍
April. Best sports month. Without a doubt.
I think so
This week we're sharing the top 40 hits from the summer of 1970. What songs do you remember? Tweet back w/ the hashtag
MONSTER YUM YUM I LOVE THEM MORE THEN REDBULLS EWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!
Going to start listening to the wanted music to start off
We're offered Moet, we don't mind Chivas, wherever we go we bring the monkey with us
nice, i hope you get all hopped up on Coffee for the world's earliest show 6AM! haha
Stop enlisting in the military. Get your college money somewhere else. Being cannon fodder is not a career.
I know that I can't get my head around how much money that is, so much that I used the word "really" twice in that last Tweet.
well once you start listening to sleeping with sirens, never shout never or mayday parade, then well talk(:
Some one take me to kobes. I've never been there in my life. :(
Did you ever hear of moving the tab on a soda can back and forth, repeating the alphabet; what letter it breaks off on [cont]
Just watched "Para vivir" The films ends with a walk down my street. You can see both my car and mailbox. Weird!
cleaning my room (: how Bout you!? Btw I'm Nolan :)
u got my boy fucked up lmao
Preach!! RT : must check out Superchumbo!! at Vanity Nightclub Las Vegas tonight!
damn. That's a classic move by Lahr.
i love JHJR! plays every position RT : They actually miss Jerry Hairston Jr. Can't believe I just typed that.
Renegade by Stixx
I'm good and thanks!
follow a #beauty please?<3
Im. So. Hungry.
Just finished Tamsin by &--my God--it was breathtaking. History, myth, ghosts, an old English house=Perfect on so many levels.
cool head and strong hearts help us to find a truer sense of reality....don't you think?
cus i am
i love you <3.
How you get up on that song?
That was fun!
Hello World!
8 weeks till m family and ST LUCIA! ahh cant wait to hit the Caribbean sand!!
if my mami and the three generations of women who had tvs could do it.... so can I.
0808 madison and followed(:
I LOVE old school music!! It stands for so much
I'm so sarcastic tonight, damn haha
Okay I'm fairly certain I just heard a gunshot outside
thanks to you and your skills!
Just some random jackasses afraid to allow religious freedom
Tired of ham? Don't worry, our hamburgers are 100% ground chuck roll!
dude this chick looks just like Rainbow Brite! I loved her!
Gearing up for workday number two at Marion St. Intergenerational Garden! Join us April 7th at 10am for more food, fun, and #gardening !!
he looks little! Omg! Spicy us freaking manly! Wow! M:-)
A weirdo but I'm rare though.
Hahahahahaha RT : SHIT is about to hit the fan and its ALL MY FAULT...smh
you will never be prepared! :P
aw thank you :p it seems kind of odd, ive never heard of it before but my mom said i should still go for the experience !
Every1 follow Now she is so grand She is So ICONic Shes ICONiclyGRAND ;) follow now plzzz
freed is the best place
in my exp, for short-term absences it's usually the dept they're rotating on, but for long-term it's the dept they're from
already tweeted and join that contest :]
#HeatFanExcuses I knew this one was coming too ": But we lost because no Bosh"
had an awesome thanksgiving with and
Sleep is the best feeling ever, but I hate the process getting there...
Already RT : Thats why he my favorite dj... No homo
Haha have you put your two cents in yet?
Giving the rich more money DOES NOT create jobs. Demand does when lower classes have money. Why hire if you already make profit?
Can someone explain to me how a live tweet session works? I see tweets about them all the time but have never done one-thanks!
RAY RAY
It's been a month since the move and I've just changed my twitter profile location from "Boston" to "on the banks of the Wabash" ...sigh.
GOODNIGHT Y'ALL! <3
Thanks! Gluten free options too :) RT : you should try eating they are so good!!!
Foo Fighters tonight, Mastodon tomorrow, Aesop Rock on Thursday. SOLID!
Was just perusing the vinyl /back bay. Ladyhawke sounded pretty good in the store. Reminded me of Kim Wilde.
Thanks to all of you for your support!!! : you are all amazing!!!
Before motto came out did u think u could live twice?
I am fortunate to not have any AM appointments.
if u look, dress, act like a slore, thats wat ppl will view u as and treat u like.
"We're blaming 'society' yet we are society. So to make it a better place, we must change ourselves first.
WOW I can't believe it's May already!!!!
well it's been canceled.
Thank you so much!
Good luck on your concert tomorrow sweetie<3 I'm sorry I can't be there! I will be watchin online though!:D
How is my freshman year of college alrady over.......
It's the little things that mean so much & have a Big affect on people who can embrace them
inspiration and realisation : Fashion and Home DIY: DIY D&amp;G multi ...
see 127 hours, all you need is some rope and swiss army knife I guess
Had a tasty supper at qualitymeatsnyc.com; it lived up to its name.
watching Source Code to end my evening. Oh Jake please marry me.
that was getting applause during so many scenes. Seriously, I was impressed with it, it's pacing, characters, etc.
Rethuglicans Joe Wilson & Joe Walsh...idiots separated at birth....
i believe that we shouldn't have to print out our work. online sharing and editing are def. preferred AND it's a green practice
i just burnt you a cd with the weeknd's first mixtape on it
old enough lmfaoo
Lundqvist's last save has Kovalchuk talking to himself.
We did a study at my inst and the overwhelming majority wanted to interact AFTER. Experience bears out.
I thought I heard that S bomb.
: wow. very surprised at how much i loved the moviemaybe the key is to go in with low expectations... #breakingdawn TOTALLY!
its actually pronounced Hyena
Started today, thank you!
That's just what I heard...but, I would look at a 48 and a 24 year old a little strange. I'd pat the guy on the back, but not much future.
Missed you brother! Next time we doing family style!
having the same issue
well that's also because I procrastinated a little but I mean it should take me that long! She better give me hours! >:|
Somehow my 9-year-old daughter's arm has been grafted onto Matt Garza for fielding bunts.
Sleep is for poor people...
I feel weird. and not a fun weird.
Don't miss your chance to meet w/ representatives from: & many more @ The Mesa Annual Transfer Day!
Let it be known: every form of #coconut is delicious. Good thing I'm a professional schlepper or I'd be pure fat.
content is key, good content brings people coming back to you
food, drinks, t.v., friends, check. Bring on A!
did you roger that? cacacopy cat?
Third Annual South Asian American Art Festival May 1-8, Santa Monica check details www.zanbeelart.com 30 artists over 100 artworks, stunning
Why spend so much time being sneaky and trying to keep lies straight. The truth is effortless.
I didn't get the day off and I am a President... of myself.
Get work on ABC Soap "One Life To Live" - read for CD Sheryl Baker Fisher Tomorrow night.
Ok I'll check it out! Have a great day! :-)
I live in a land of exhaustion. Well met.
why is papa Gomez suffering?? Because the food is healthier ?
Mitt Romney wins the NH primary.
So excited about hitting Tulsa with and of course my lovely wife
Awee you should have added ireland to the poll :)
140 characters per tweet is 136 too many for people typing "moist."
don't get jumped up there.. You know those folks are crazy.
doing ok. How about your guys?
We are thankful for partners like and helping us collect clothes for
Looks like it's going to be a other great day! And have a great Mother Day!!
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well-known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. ~ Fred Allen
All of them -- that's just counting unread.
So happy to be on stage. Getting ready for tech for Glendale Center Theater BEAU JEST
I don't hate breastfeeding. Kid's gotta eat. People can watch murder on television, but get hung up on a boob. That said, 3 is too old.
still trying to work out oc, you have any ppl that r going? If my bros pass, may stay with cousin
Go tribe!
r u upside down in ur pic
I'm getting the shishito bisque
The #knicks could use her. RT : A new New Yorker: this baby girl giraffe born recently at the Bronx Zoo. Very tall....
And now has the 2 bestcommercials.
Shared at activism session: Getting together [, connecting and mobilizing] is a feminist act.
Thanks for the shout out! So much change and the possibilities are endless...
If checked his dm's I'm sure he'd save lives....
RT : A special shout out to the spouses of deployed heroes. They are the strongest men and women in the world!
thanks! i look forward to reading it! (She's a client and she will appreciate it!)
that braves game was ridiculous.
Its enough 2 be hated, but I draw the line @ lying....
Accommodation is when the vertebrate eye changes optical power to maintain a clear image on an object as its distance changes.
Force $hits on reason's back. (aka Might Makes Right) - B. Franklin
[P&I 2012 opening] Asia's largest Photo & Imaging Industry Show to get access ... - Sacramento Bee
cool :D I've only seen snow once.. it was on the side of the highway and there was barely any on the grass.. ):
shame :/ reunite tomorrow.
Crazy night for #Brewers last night. Garth Iorg's wife fell and broke her left wrist and right elbow. Corey Hart's wife hit a deer.
What's with the tear away clothing on #toddlersandtiaras? Was that mess there last season? A dotted line between pageants and stripping.
RT : Super excited to try out the app that I just got! Thanks Jack and the team!
Will you follow me?:D
: They might not have an issue, just might not be logistically possible. (Think a room full of pre-schoolers w/no supervision).
I don't mind if we take our time, cause I'm all yours if you're all mine.
Let's Go Red Wings!
RT : Thank you, Detroit, for coming out and supporting our 1st event, , it was an amazing turnout.
wat u mean by that
We love seeing all the kids and their familys coming from the (CA Railroad Museum). Trains & Ice Cream sounds good to us!
Let's go 10 o'clock I do not feel good rite now
is a Union that's just joined #occupywallstreet !
If you try it, let me know how you like it. Post it if you want to. Super busy/submission process. Sorry about article promised.
Thank you for helping us reach our goal! "2000 Likes" by April 1st!
What our mind places there is far more terrifying than the threat itself... >:)
That is adorable! I'll wear neon just because the puppy is!
Pose a question from the point of view of someone who will not agree and try to answer it.
great idea, just started following you guys :)
guess i didn't get the duck boots memo
lol hey that's stays between you and me.
Sound Familiar about a Marauder Rally deflected shot in front is pulled off the goal line by a CBA defender the heat is truly being applied
I can name that tune in 3 notes!
Sometimes, I wonder...if I would have been a good father...
I like to cruise along with my followers in the double digits. He tweeted my State's Dem party spokesman too.
Im loving this weather! 💙☀😊
(2/2) It's better something well done than well said.
"Institutions do not simply block innovative change . . . they also can, paradoxically, enable change." - on
It's like 110 degrees out here. A great day for a swim and tunes! the return of the coupon. Just type "heatwave" to save $10 on a Shuffle.
Got the best seats!!m
The stage is set for the market swoon. If your not short, get short. If you are short, get shorter. Bumpy next 6 months. Stay tuned.
Selena Gomez Says Her Ex-Boyfriend Made Her Miserable - Gather Celebs News Channel
They include the Transit Connect Electric in late 2010, the Focus Electric in 2011
If I Ever Met Carlos I Would Be So Tempted To Makeout With Him And/Or Grab Him In An Inappropriate Place XD
Sitting at the dr office...again. Hope the baby comes soon!
Disposable income
Will you just be doing simple abductions? Do you need soundproofing? Shackle package? - van salesman
18 episodes later, its safe to say im in love with How i met ur mother.
#edtechnyc : #Education is about learning, which is lifelong, not merely getting a badge.
What If all I wanted for X-mas was to hang with ?
Like the rest of #Milwaukee, powering through today before #Brewers #OpeningDay shennanigans tomorrow!
I didn't like his performance & he looks like he's in pain when he sings!
How's everything?
HA Buffet at Bottoms Up RT : I've never been to rock bottom, but I'm pretty sure it does involve a lunch at the strip club.
Cole World on repeat
Bryce Harper show
Ready to get my "Praise-ON"!!!! #Movement12 God rocks my socks!!!
Beauty is skin deep. A tattoo goes all the way to the bone. - Vince Hemingson
Sex and the city movie. Yay :)
The weiners circle is the best show ever!
Former #Chief Ray Whitney reached 1,001 career pts tonight. Had a goal & assist in 4-0 win over the Ducks. He's the 79th all-time to 1,000.
Happy Cinqo de Mayo! Celebrate with $2 Cerveza ALL DAY!!!
Getting ready for today's game!
Middle of February and the are ALREADY after me for season ticket renewal. Oh well. #likeihadachoice #gohawks!
Do you ever wonder why guys refer to us as "bitches" not girls? I can take a wild guess.
What?? No! Sanchez.
nope i promise it wasnt me. hah
Bake sale tomorrow 10-2 right outside Starbucks at Student Center!
Movie selections in the jury waiting room: the blind side & the proposal. what is this courthouse-Sandra Bullock connection?
is this coming sat early member morning?
Dennis Lim is calling DREILEBEN the "film(s) of the year."
You can email me
It's all part of a secret Socialist pact, you know.
i guess, over-confident?
Aww, thanks so much! :D youre too sweet.
'preciate that Dan RT : Happy birthday to my man
We took Pelham by Deadly Avenger - so I love freaking Pandora!!!
Woah. Rocking out on the W rooftop w Flosstradamus & Tommy Lee?
Don't really speak on my day job but gotta train 3 female fit models today ;) they were so #fun &
spontaneous target runs...
what's up with chicago's never-ending boner for rain?
if Mack keeps spending it on absurd ads maybe it's enough
#Spurs to bring out the brooms tonight? I hope so!
Thank you! Glad that you are enjoying the content. Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
good luck lol
Keep your vehicle running smoothly. will check & top off your transmission fluid with an oil change.
I've taught games/platforms that I don't know super well. Goes fine if I create "We're all exploring 2gether" ethos.
Will you be our lucky $50 Dibbs winner? Hurry over, like and share our page!!!
Our band Bar Fly- 4 hr a night shows, we book our own gigs, work w/ bookers, run our own pa. Not handed a thing!!! "That" is determination!
happy birthday !!!!! miss you friend!
a little pissed... my screen on my laptop is a cracked in the corner...
Just for back from Wally world!
Hope everyone had a safe holiday weekend, and that all are ready for the New Year!
just bought one of the last jars of Curly Pudding in ATL. No Buttercreme either. Pls make them restock the shelves! ty
Should I include a reference from I Maccabees? I'm getting along with everyone at my new church. Then again, the text is useful
Tonight! : Overkill
You know what's awesome? Not hearing Puddle of Mudd on the radio anymore.
that makes me so happy😃
In the past 2 years I have flown approx. 75 flights. I've been upgraded on 3, and only 1 where Atlanta was involved.
I wanna bike.
SPH Dean John Finnegan welcomes those watching online. Where are you tuning in? Let us know!
haha that was me 😊
Brothers coming home from college today! #yay 😁
Here's a clue for you : sessions limited to 16 (not 1000). Supervisors love our format, get great music & come back 4 more. xo
Today is #BeyondThudnerdomeWednesday!
u better invite me if u do
Festival announces winners from Cuba and Argentina
Billy Nelson is the reigning USA Champion in the steeple, how is Huling "the best in the US"?
#Sagittarius like to be the first priority. It's what they want from their partner because they'd do the same thing.
I didnt know you had a twitter lol
hey you kelly osbourne , what did you say ah , hey you bitxch gaga is a queen , you say thing idiots ok gaga no have go on the floor ok
But it is funny when it rolls up in the prompter and their eyes grow to the size of silver dollars...
Who else just ABSOLUTELY can not SLEEP with SOCKS ON? O_o :-\ Reply with your comment or "like".
I can't believe you went to Roden Crater. SO JEALOUS! And The Salt Lake is so high this year! I hope the journey is fantastic.
Thank you for the RT. We hope you had a great weekend.
Damn I'm hungry.
Vint Cerf= One of most important issue in parenting today is teaching children how to think critically about what the see and hear.
Prices in farmers market are usually 50% cheaper than those purchased in commercial markets
you hoes know each other?
Haha, I don't think you understand this level of dullness! I'm sorry, for your own safety I can't let you do that. Ha. (:
you are a true global citizen!
- Why homosexuality gets promoted in our schools, why our children never learn about their history, genealogy, and traditions
May is actually national stress month.
If we did an event, how could we get agents to participate?
Final addition opens at all-accessible playground in Tennessee
Baby girl, turn me on with your electric feel
Finally thought of a proper business name. I going to let this marinate in my head for a bit before I commit to it.
Trying to find a short story: YA SF written maybe by Yolen, but don't know: woman travels back in time 1000 yrs to plant a folk tale ...
Attempting to ball
I'm gonna get a mac and put stickers on the lid. That's customization!!!
This Philadelphia/cards is the is the least disciplined inning of hitting ever
Believe in miracles
RED because of Austyy (:?
By that logic, reporters should never report on lapses in national security. Yet we do, and it helps make the country safer.
Tyga is so garbage man.
You guys, on a slightly rainy day is the best.
a female rapper lol
Loved the CD
the next few days should be filled with spinning since I can't spin for the next 4 months
Lol, I'm just like... whatever.
Just when we thought it was getting warm for good, a frigid day like today happens!
Thanks for thee follow ♥♥
Exactly what year is North Carolina living in? 1812? I'm shocked at the audacity of people's belief that your life is theirs to run.
Adorama Giant Contest
Was Dire Straits dissing the keytar?
The primary source reader for my survey course has attributed John Adams's "extraordinary code of laws" words to Abigail. GAH.
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 5. Wear helmet - use bike lights 6. Think ahead - Break earlier
hey! Welcome to the jungle!
Beats on. 2k flow. Feeling pretty decent.
Or #Josh He's equally as talented in his own wayRT : melanie amaro is by far the best! Should deffo win
Seriously. #MarcAnthony needs two big servings of Mofongo.
What else did Chris Rock said?
yeah you're right.
Been following Deci for about 15 yrs & SDT is the best theory of motivation (IMHO) out there. Looking into AM & CM for poss PhD.
We are working late tonight! We are open till 9! Don't wait to come get those last minute finishing beauty touches for the new year!!
"To be in time means to #change." - CS Lewis
On my way to Reno...for some rest and relaxation. Wish me luck in my gambling efforts!!
EXACTLY. "Hey guize i met juz10 4 teh 2542523rd time!!1!" "Okay that's nice." it's annoying. it hurts us who haven't.
no lie, itd be me you jeremy kyle matt andrew as the guys on our survival team
love you andy 1001
Yeah! Let's call it Club Seal!
#FF Students looking for spring internships -
beyond tragic!
What questions do you have about US Dept of Ed Waivers? Ask them now using #edwaivers and get them answered starting at 11:30 EST!
of course, we are VERY precocious.
Beautiful response to question of why she dislikes technology.
Anyone who has an eye for art let me know cause I wanna see ur work!
Listening to the strength to survive album all day 💛💛 #love 🎶🎵🎶✌
Totally fine with Kim winning. Deserved it compared to the rest of the bunch. I'd like to see her do an All-Stars against better competition
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
Ironically, it's the same time for me
the DAVID commercial is even creepier on the TV. #Prometheus is going to be pretty cool
What does victory feel like? Finding the fam on page 35 of 42 in the 1940s Census on
#Chorizo related tweet. WHAT FUN!
tell him its for a really special person haha
cuzzo u make me sick
FYI stop by our curling demo and give it a go. We'll be in Super Bowl Village near the zip line.
your account is seriously hacked or something
Man I wanna be the he calls his wife
Sensing this day, like any moment can be one of: re-creation & renewal.
Ten years from now, will the Broncos regret adding Manning and dumping Tebow? This decision way more risky than Elway and Co letting on.
Just heard "dental care" by and it reminded me I need to reschedule my dentist appointment tomorrow. Thanks!
For most men, life is a search for the proper Manila envelope in which to get themselves filed. ~ Clifton Fadiman
: thankfully its back on. watching with packed house in Portland
Celeb/Company Owner? Too busy 2 manage your social networks? Social Network Media Management. Email me
you wanna oovoo in a little!?
Hey babes RT : Where my buddy at
Lol everyone wants to have the upper hand
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Kenosha Wisconsin on the 14th at Dukes Country Saloon!
“: have fun!”thanks Tracy!!
we like the sound of that RT : It's #CincoDeSporting pun time:
aw why?!
#turbo #piyo #hustle=
I have sticky notes that match noelles plates!!
Debut CD is going to press. I'll have 1,000 of them in hand in about 4 weeks.
Hey Vastu!!! Hope all is well.
Full court killa.
Guy running runs into a branch. Said branch hits him in the eye and takes out his contact. What are the chances of that happening?
Anyone who tags me with a picture of a shoe, hacked or not, is dropped as my "friend".
So whats everyone think about peyton manning being a bronco!?
I might be going crazy cause for this girl i'd do the most
Oh boy, oh boy! RT : Word on the street is that they made a sriracha vodka.
DAMMMiT the #Bulls blow.
Can't wait to see in full makeup tonight... cloned!
how are you gonna ask me to follow you if you're not even following me lol!!
Yes--and mine just took me into unfamiliar waters. A lot of research is in my future. Enjoy!
2 hour delay!!!
I went home in 2nd period.
Loving Florida found a beautiful house in a beautiful hood lol.
He love it when I sing to him .
AARON RODGERS MVP!!!!!! Best quarterback in the league, better than tebow, manning, brees, brady and any other quarterback
Advice: Do a little research before buying into Invisible Children's Stop Kony media campaign.
he's great. Come see gaslight at the Roxy on may 18. He'll be there too.
Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by At @ Island Cafe 829 Upshur St
Super enjoyed the game design panel featuring That woman never disappoints!
a kindred spirit!
As I wait for 's train to arrive, I am reminded of how humbling it is to make out at your parents house past the age of 30.
..ok ok, I'll give u a min then.. Lol
Breaking news, Roger Goodell suspends the Metta "Ron Artest" World Peace for a year from the #NFL for his hit on James Harden
OMG that's even worse! I'm just an hour away! Ugh such torture!!!!
yay! Congrats! Where at?
im already tryina put out the tracks i got for my mixtape lol. but were all gonna have to wait
Hi! I'd like more info on your tours, but I can't seem to find it anywhere. Any chance you have a link with info? Thanks!
Starting to get used to seeing theKC Royals and Texas Rangers jogging on my sidewalk! Love spring training time of year!!!
Happiness is having a TARDIS phone charm that spins & lights up when you have incoming mail & messages. A gift from a great colleague.
u going to disney
So good to hear! I can't wait to be here just for fun. :-) Things are great! Can't complain. How are you doing? Date soon?
Baha! Luv it! QT : I am starting a write-in campaign for your cat for learner "little helpers" at home!
I wanna slap that bitch that posted something on your wall. I hope she knows were talking or I can tell her too.
Heard of "flash projection" advertising? A bright light sears a logo in a viewer's vision and it lingers even if you close your eyes. Um..
exactly, my daughter didn't play today so tomorrow should be great. Like you said a new day
let's do this! Where?
Yes it is. Precisely "pretending that one knows less about something than one really does" to deny the obvious.
Very sexy :)
Just started a street team and super excited!
waitaminutethere... where are you looking where you'd need to post your resume, mister??
"A Goal always leads to Gold. Thats way its important to have one!" —Delano Johnson (Talented&BrokeNov26) ReTweet
Can't wait for Austin!!!!
please come back this summer! we can hold our breaths all we want :)
Present RT : had to unfollow some people RT if you want me to follow you again if i accidently unfollowed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !
I'm so lucky I have such a nice life.
Some "Most interesting man in the world" ads are funny. The latest Cinco de Mayo one, meh, not so much.
the run improves with time!
Thank you for your constant support Peter. I'm really looking forward to
guess I'm going to drag show tomorrow night with the family...should be interesting
Driving around #brickell blasting Niggas in Paris with = #priceless lmao
Bynum a little cry baby man. Always complaining when he don't get the rock.
Happy BDay Good to connect
send me your email I can get you the description tmrw when I am back in the office !
Its only Tuesday ...
Wal Mart is giving out knives to those who are 21 years of age or older. Is that safe? Haha
#YouCuteAndAllBut Beauty doesn't matter. What's on the inside counts. So if you're a snobby bitch, just keep on walkin'. Keep on walkin'. :3
I could watch videos of our National Championship dogpile all day
Damn, but I hope you're right RT What I tweeted is my personal opinion.. I am just as clueless as y'all...
Tanks man!
Awesome! It's so great! I was impressed with the locations that were on there that I thought were hidden gems!
Cereal before bed>>>>
but then again...who doesn't?
The Burnie Thompson Show thanks for the chance to chat! It was a pleasure!
just wrote a new scene to introduce the character "Jared" being played by !!!
Let the mooning war begin.
Just got back from Denver it is hot as hell here!!
sorry dude
I'd be honored! Doing so even now.
sleeping is the last thing I need at the moment and it is the only thing I can do!
Print on both sides of paper to conserve our trees
I cant wait till tomorrows over just so i can relax
making girls ovaries explode since 1994.
Thanx! To all the ppl who been followin me
Let them say what they want. Your actions speak louder than their words.
I'm going to try and thwart you more often.
*I'm* freaking out and running in circles!
I've never done presale before! I'm nervous!
hold off all day?
Theives Grotto pics and a live video of "My Mind" from the show will hopefully be up tonight. Stay tuned for the Allston Pudding write up!!
Ok, well then SOMEONE ordered them wrong...
Geez I hate how every has migrated from Facebook to twitter
Who do you think is sadder right now, Apple freaks or Conservatives For Palin ()?
recorded Mele Kalikimaka with the family last night. You have any good Christmas tunes on uke?
Me: Heyy(: Friend: hey ... BITCH WHERES MY SMILEY FACE!!! :/
umm... Let me think about it
You've got to check out the awesome new printer in town: Give 'em some serious #FF love.
Official says George Zimmerman to be charged with 2nd-degree murder of Trayvon Martin; Zimmerman is in custody
Yo & ... Team "Will Run for Cupcakes" for the win?!?!
opens in october. Thanks for the love
Wow. I'd like to know more. Will you post it up online in the future Lea?
Frankie's lame -.-
The weather is right.... your dog wants to come in to Lofty Dog and see us today!
Oh, Burlington, IA. I've missed you.
My Son Just Busted My Lip. Happy Birthday Mommy :).
Yeah :D I <3 To Draw :P I Love Drawing Flowers :) I Like Drawing Roses/Daises :) They're My Fav. Flowers :D
I lv Oprah! I dream of working for her in Chicago of course :)
Keep us updated... plz..
awww <3 hehe..and lol my best friend in like real life is a ginger through and through just saying..:)
Aimee Bender is grading her papers in Westwood!
has a hankering for Afternoon Lemon Tea. Why don't I live in Japan anymore? (o _ o ),
My neighbor just hit on my mom oh dear what
MT: Get well soon Vin! Legendary Hall of Fame announcer Vin Scully is resting at home w/ a bad cold and will miss
This bus driver knows what he's doing in this #snow!!
Pal, why don't you stop trolling and read me on
Welcome to our team Nicole Moen, and Patrick Watson!!!
follow back?
could we still get autographs or pictures even if we didnt get vip tickets?? Because I made braclets for all of u
I really hope to fulfill the only plans I made for today, to eat Indian food and drink a ton of Icee.
So I've come to terms with the fact that I currently don't have a choice on going to sleep any earlier than 1:30 am..
LA is not the same without you...welcome back!
Yep, good PC + NAACL should be very strong this year. 8pp long papers, 4pp. short + positions papers too.
I was just writing with a purple pen, and thought I smelled grapes!
Nadal v Djokovic has been great.
I advise my peers & family to not mess with me tomorrow. Returning to school + lack of sleep = cranky.
going to mall...and go shopping...woohooo.....christmas is coming and alot of gift to be given......heheh
what Up Homie?We in Arizona Recording.So bless to be In this position.Much love From this camp
Thanks for the follow Tom :)
we'd rock them!
Every time I eat somethin greasy I get a headache and that bacon was TOO greasy n my head is throbbing smh
Shoutout to central time. Im anhour late to wacth the game
David Guetta's songs >>
Of course I was also in a school of 1500 people before online learning existed. I thrived in that close knit environment.
Watching some clips from 'I Love Lucy'- what a lovely doll :-)
O Lord, Vroman's -- probably what I miss most about life in LA County -- they are going to adore you there.
it really does!
He messeged me back on time on myspace :) and was gona come! ": What happen to that dj Charlie star guy? He was cool :0"
... and have my handwriting on the board
I know who I am
omg me too !
This is much more about Molina than Garcia.
21 on Monday, can't wait!
Just had lunch with and the boys and now waiting for the cast and crew of to show up.
90% of people get a chance to see their BF/GF every day. 10% Has to wait till a specific day to see them. Yeah I'm part of the 10%. :(
I agree it's not really creative, we could incorporate something else. I just thought its a good way to get everyone involved
Happy mothers day to all the mommies out there! I was blessed with the best. :) #loveyoumumzy 😊❤
When your stuck at home
RT : I'm back! I can't believe that upshaw is still on the board
thanks for the follow. Awesome band sound.
Who slid last night & gained a follower?
now that's a good one.
So I was @ West High earlier today. Felt good being able to help out students that are struggling. One I helped in math, seemed to got it :)
Yaaay set up my standing closet successfully with the roomie 😊👏👏👍
The DC Fair Budget Coalition came to the Wilson Building.
“: I'm rooting for you Bergman!”.
sure why not!
Why would any follow someone that has never tweeted anything? I just don't get that?!?!
ready for the weekend. Any good things happening to people?
22 milezzz away. You're in the wrong state. Get yourself a new map.
Watching a documentary about the sword. Goatees and robust pot bellies seem to be standard equipment of the modern enthusiast.
I swear you two are one in the same.
That happens to me when I'm at school
Teach me how to dougie
. You're welcome Chris. Glad you like it. There will be many more at #CelebrateAU on Monday.
no i cant delete my twitter shit.
"baby you light up my world like nobody else" .x
Just finished TYE and have pages of notes & ideas. Thank you for sharing your passion and perspective!
what up!!!
"A NO uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a YES merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble" -Ghandi (the manager?)
