If you don't have table games, you're just a shitty, expensive arcade so tell it like it is.
Fat lasts longer than flavor. Remember that!
Lascorz injury unclear until swelling reduces
#SomeFactsAboutMe i take everything way to seriously
I'm gonna try to follow every Ariana Fan there is on twitter!
Who will win Philanthropist of the year? Better yet, who will win best dressed and party animal of the year for the 2011 TNF Awards!
Really upset about it, but we'll do what we can to make it up to you guys.
Range element arrived, but broken due to packaging. Frustrated that will NOT gty the new one will arrive before T'giving. Grrr
oh good. We talked about this long ago! Hurray! I am permanently in the mode of "lobbying" for openness and collaboration.
It sure is a good one!
Making hits!
Glad it's fixed; go Team 208!
Just cause a woman fine dont mean she worth shit.
Keith will do a great job at Gannon.
Purchase a downloadable gift certificate online. It's not too late! W.loyalteeshirts.com
Can you hug your child today?
I hope you are enjoying it! - David
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Thought All The Cute Boys Were Gonna Follow Me...
Hate getting called into work
Not too late to join #scicon! We will be streaming live with Reed Timmer at 2pm! To register visit : Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon
OMG OMG OMG I can breathe again.
My 11:11 wish is to meet you<3
Juss :) INDEED I DO DARLING.
Not that I know of...
#soooTired TIRED OF THIS HOSPITAL.
talking about old records, costumes, concerts and why it is good to let things go with Ex-#Manilow background singer
Funniest commercial M&M's.... Always makes my day
Chris Cristi (R,NJ) as president wld b like hav'g the head of Suprano family in charge. Pres GW "shot from the hip", look where that got us
with airplane sized vodka bottles. Good to hear from you!
Not on Lebron!!!!
What is more important to you in a home? That its energy efficient, the size or the quality of life it brings? Please let me know!
If you don’t eat enough fruits, vegetables & whole grains it’s likely that your body is deficient in one or more major vitamins or minerals!
bought sporting blue spray paint for doughboy helmets
There are few feelings that are better than the tiredness that results from /thinking/
needs to get his butt over here!
My aunt&cousin&grandparents isn't going to the beach this year. I haven't been on our family trip in 5yrs since ive been sick I wanna go:(
we need to reschedule lunch. This Tuesday 12:30?
What is the definition of Schwag?
Thanks for the follow Andy!
yeah true!
Nashville here we come! Well, one of these days maybe. Thanks so much for being a loyal AmazonFresh customer.
AMEN!!!! Sage advise, darling Mark!
#np "Wasted Time" The Eagles- and yes, that proves I really am a white guy
We will be passing along great deals via twitter...follow us
The NEW TRAILER is up. Check it out! Just posted today April 3rd, 2012
we're design sisters!
Sick this is why I'm not happy when the weather changes
hi everyone :D
Where? Market at museum 10-2pm!
Both insane in different ways. Playing w/ so much freedom over such hairy changes is inspiring (of both admiration & jealousy).
Stuff is really getting hectic! God moves fast!
I think we're both reading the same thing. I just tweeted that too! Great doc!
will your music be released here in America too?
Haha -- I'm sure you'd outrun us any day! Either way, I plan to bring my exercise gear -- nice surroundings for jogging!
EG to be honored at City Hall this AM for 6 strong years as Council President. We'll be there.
Filming for NY Pain Management today!
Great weekend 👍
Happy Friday everyone!! Come stop in to Metro Eye this wknd for our Spring Fling Clearance Sale and get 50% off designer frames!
Ya know its national grilled cheese day lmfao
It takes a devoted lover of trivia to retweet something like that.
I don't know what to say to u anymore.
Sadly we're not! But we'll put it on our list for our next day off.
RT : OH FUCKING HELL. MY MUM GOT ME A TRESOR PARIS SHAMBALLA. YES OMFG YES.
dont be sad your dominating the spread the word contest!!!!!
Love the way your name is spelled... I'm Aaron as well. LOL.
Bring on this 16 hour shift! Hopefully I get my patients back for this one day!
lol going to the other bathroom tomorrow...
Just found a lone 6-pack of Central Waters at the convenience store across from work. Strange and wonderful!
pac man would have an overdose with all those dots
U only sent 1 pic yesterday
Too tech-challenged for Skype! Did your client adopt or "inherit" the 3 kids? Or (OMG) did she have trips???
Oh, I see! First tweet was free. You my tweet dealer? ;D #igotsahaveit lol
Why thank you! Nice to hear because sometimes I'm not proud but I think that's just how life goes sometimes.
Digging all the retweets and shout outs. You guys are awesome! <3
In tears laughing so hard.
How funny is this?
8 hrs and I'm free
RT GaryRudolph Watching Steve and Josh speak at #JavaOne about #eHarmony matching with #hadoop on
Awesome news!!! #ABC RT : It's official -- #OnceUponATime has been picked up for season 2.
Loving the vibe I am feeling with all the positive changes, congrats Karen!
his mum wasn't happy abt his twitter handle :) received DMCA takedown
Asked wife if detergent was on grocery list. She said it was in her head. Classic brainwashing.
whoa another Earthquake in the world
dude be psyched to see Gerald Green!! I'll be watchin for sure, go
call me nerdy, but I'm dying to see "the best exotic marigold hotel"
Enjoying doing these freelance projects w and her communications company !
The conclusion of chapter two!--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
It is doee. She is like "Im not making your f*cking bed, You sleep in it, Not me"
How was that postgame show?
Do you understand your company's financial health? If not a #part-time CFO may be your answer.
Congrats on getting your butt into the gear. You can do it! I'm running my first 5K ever on my bday so I'm w/you.
Talking to you keeps me smiling ;)
Puss in Boots (2011) Puss: Got any idea what they do to eggs in San Ricardo prison? Humpty: I'll tell you this, it ain't over-easy!
Welcome to the family Andrew Luck.
I love #omnigraffle too!! Just met it. We became fast friends.
Sending a shout-out to Salem, OR!
We are also coming up with a system where people can submit a shirt to us
how is this not considered a broken game? Reviewers should give 1's or incompletes.
I just want to call you mine [:
miss you best friend..... Haha....
ma says hey and get upstairs and do the dishes.
well that's always good
#WORDTOSCOOB that's my shit bro and you got Bun B on that hoe
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Zachary Berry ⁰Rising 11th ⁰San Antonio, TX ⁰Travel Team: Texas Extreme ⁰Point Guard 6’3
Roll joints bigger than king kongs fingers.
Obama verbal statement on Libya pretty much repeats last nights written one. "Libya is in the hands of it's people"
Perseverance is a great element of success. Knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.H Longfellow
Just helped a guy jump his car. Poor guy, I remember when I use to have a POS. Thank god those days are over.
Flying to #SNA for our Sales Meeting; looking for the latest new on strategy, products, and more, bit hate to leave Seattle on nice day.
Bitch I'm not like Rihanna, I Don't "Love The Way You Lie"
d00d i wish @
NO deaccessioning....EVER!
thanks for your support
oh hush and sumbody totally forgot about smh lol
haa lol my friend made this book about the ICONic Boyz and she dropped it an my teacher looked at the cover and it said "NickyBallz" lol!
Ah, now we're talking the quality stuff
you are a very bad man on mister! Kinda makes me miss Chuck
Its nice to have someone that #compliment your life and not #complicate your life
Be a pal,
i know that i put walls up but ehhh cant help it when you have been hurt so many times
ABC - Always be closing - every page should have a primary call to action.
iraq and now kuwait
You belong with me <\3
lol very clever
It is officially December which means the countdown begins to the opening of Hotel Eilan Resort & Spa, the Dance Studio and more!
Lol yeah i'll try whenever im done when is it?
Cruise Ship Entertainment Booking Agency - seeking bands, musicians, performers for gigs! www.MOneStudios.com
Be on the lookout for a new A Sound Heart music video! Can't wait.
Lil girls out here getting they lil vagina ate .
Huge sculpture of a banana at commuity college... This confuses me
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
how do you eat so much and stay so skinny?
Ending Exam
When i die I wanna be buried upside down that way the whole wrold can kiss my ass.
#hth2012 huge penetration of mobile phones in Philippines (lots of text messages exchanged)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers! I pray your day is filled with appreciation and love! Pas
Seems like everyone likes Animal Collective now, I love mango and watermelon
Wasn't a lie but wasn't the truth either.
#thingsifindsexy joseph morgan and his awesomeness in the vampire diaries
. needs 1 more follower to get to 300. Who wants to make that happen?
bathroom key, computer sign-up. and think i as hit-on. it's way too early for that.
just registered for Ebooks: The New Normal. I get to participate from home! Nice.
this has been debated and it seems there were lots of fed regulations that stopped airliners from doing own safety
Good advice for any occasion: "Find a cowboy...and bring him back to... shake things up a bit."
True for almost all hold music. “: The Free Conference Call dot com smooth jazz on hold music haunts me in my dreams.”
Order a guacamole for me!
do you have any socks to wear?
they're a bit slower and Ruby is almost a ballad, but still good. Looking forward to the full album though :)
coincidence that they launched on super bowl Sunday?
He is severe to dog then dust mites, mold, grass, etc. Just whines & cries alot.
30 minutes until #revenge ... Are you excited?
#erl12 #gokb session here. Open knowledge base with enhanced global data elements APIs to interact with data and uses Kuali OLE
Hubby's studying on Sat afternoon so I am getting a mani/pedi :)
"them too" as in also. Not "to"
There is always #goodthings and #badthings about being
Where are 2012's #TEFLhotspots? Are you #teachingenglish in one now? What's hot about it?
I'm a dime.
Big East 2 Big Ten nada
Not anymore >:) ": 69 followers... I GOT THAT!"
It's raining. It's dusk. Shouldn't a POLICE OFFICER have his headlights on while driving??
no problem!
Got you.
Had great time w/ listening to tonight
“: I just got my skirt in the mail - oh, my gosh - this is AMAZING. I'm in total love!” YAY!!!
New terrific serving pieces! Our Truchas pattern if featured in this photo.
Limited by 140 characters. I was going to say "evil genius" but didn't have the space.
Got some stocking up to do? May as well win a #Wii while you're at it! Buy 5 meals before May 31st, and you'll enter a #WiiFit raffle!
Well maybe not 365 lol but it feels like it
Sophisticated theoretical collision physics lies beyond my practical comprehension of spacetime/motion. Car collisions are easier to grasp.
I love the White House Correspondent's Dinner speeches. Always hilarious.
Discover the World of Communication is a summer program for high school students who want to explore communication studies.
Jesus I am fat
In class chillin
Modern Day Hippie
yankees bringing it back to the bronx
haha and this is why I hate tweeting from my phone.
Artmageddon is LA's 2012 Carmageddon. May be a festival on the car-less strip of highway. -Project Audience demo
Are we friends on facebook yet? Facebook/robjenkins3600
Watching Passion Of The Christ never gets easier. I'm shedding tears beyond my control. :(
#NUAN closed today at $26.10. Don't worry about Dorothy. What's next. Come on. We need maximum
Don't forget to get your pets spayed or neutered!!!
Looking for the next Jedi...
Thank you to Joe Squared and Lebanese Taverna for joining us at #ThinkBigBmore visit joesquared.com and Facebook.com/lebanesetaverna
Yes! Overtime = more money for me!!!
Love having a park follow me.
Fuck I miss you
Gonna miss her! :(
crazy fool
we love you go
Artists don't make objects. Artists make mythologies. Anish Kapoor
Goliathon just taking the stage Local Underground Tent Party. wines, beer, & food!
I'm not in a bad place yet, sister! There's still time!
Refamiliarizing myself with Django -- have two apps planned already!
#ColtsDocsVIP contest on Tues. for NFL Draft Party! Two followers (+1 guest) will win VIP seats at for Thurs. night!
Note to self: Some people have real problems.
Cam!!!!! I can't wait to see you again:)
You are quite welcome -- I'll be able to look over what you sent me tomorrow or the next day
$4 wells, $4 wine, $5 martini, lemon drops, cosmos, and margaritas...3$ bud light/coors light...$4 micro brews! We have 10!!
[] I DONT CARE GIVE ME A MONSTER!!!
#hoarding ... Fat lazy slobs...
There's more people on Facebook then there was on the planet 20 years ago
not sure -
My mac and cheese has bacon in it!
We erased one another...
i want a welcome to paradise tour shirt ;o
NEXT GUN SHOW! MARCH 6TH & 7TH AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE NEW MEXICO STATE FAIR GROUNDS. NEW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE!
Just watching #thebachelorette and I noticed 2 common factors in the guys: owning a dog and being fit
I did not see him getting fourth, perhaps third, but below Juliet? Crazy.
#FF , one of the shining stars from #140cuse. Big things on the horizon for him.
thanks for the msg and FF. Headed to the night shift. Hope your weekend is great. Adam
One week and the iTriage team will land in Austin for #sxswi! Come find the iTriage Man for a chance to win big!
"nosh"? Like, the Yiddish word for snacking?
Let's go Maryland
Nothing i do Here is as fun as it is at Tennessee. Can't wait to go back #home <33
out in sit n go. my A7 hit against his AK when i raised and hit our Aces. super loose player and thought he was making a move.
that is so nice of you!! :)
not really, they're at the top of the arena :/ but if I see open seats after the first 2 songs I'm moving
thanks as well, guys!
“: Nothing worse than your whole family not having school when you do”
s/o for being so badd
Have you been to new Amway Center in Orlando? Best NBA arena, hands down!
#ididnotreport i should have told someone what was happening to my friend.
Seen Italian Primitivo labeled at Zinfandel, never as Plavac though. This mean Plavac is getting hot ? :)
don't dream through life, wake up!
LOL. What time shall I be over?
Natalie Portman overdid it a bit on the hair gel. Guess she's still a Long Island girl at heart.
Long island city is a post apocalyptic mess. Cars and trucks abandoned in the middle of the roads everywhere.
& - sweet meeting you ;)
I'm coming on Friday! Gotta see Monet before it closes.
having a conversation about being a water elitist before 10am. It's gonna be one of those days. Haha
I watched the #bachlorette and guess who's back baby??? EMILY!!!!!(: <3
And I may have honked and waved. :)
Hey! Look what I found...peyote!
the video is looking good shout out to david!
#ThanksToMyEx I never need to feel responsible for anything negative that I have ever done or experienced.
I hate writing my annual review. I'm awesome, isn't that all I need to put down?
Web Hosting Locker Intergrates Facebook for easier registration and login fuctionality.
Atlanta Falcons
It's the simple things: a new Speech4Good user said our DAF feature is "10x better" than {a competitor's}...makes us smile :)
SUPER Pleased with the Customer Service I have received from the last few days! In-store and over the phone! WOW!
I always rep #Lambda. Family time this weekend w/ kids, not enough time 4 everything be safe what happened 2 data blackout
I will be in Memphis the 22nd. I was thinking I could come stay with you and we could go do something :) so maybe you should stay
Should I be concerned that this male bartender, who I don't know, has given me 4 free shots & has yet to take any $ from me?
I AM UP AND CAN'T SLEEP AND I AM BORED AS HELL WATCHING BONES
I am tired of people talking shit to me becuz i work all the time guess what people i got a fucking life..try and get a fucking life..
Happy birthday, buddy!
The Packers of Green Bay took on the Giants of New York the giants gained victory by kicking an oblong ball through a big H!
why does it matter gay, straight, whatever why be such a complete bitch to others who have done nothing to you
You just like it cause it means "pretty" haha.
SMH is all I can do..
Ill be heading to San Antonio on the 28th! To shoot at The White Rabbit, for
heck.no.
Wow you guys!One more follower till 400.Im amazed.I thought id always have 100 followers!Thank u!Game/contest soon!
I meant the twit name
OMG Luongo looks like the butler from Mr.Deeds
Where did this rain come from
yeah it did and pk
thank you for following us! Did you like our video?
Get on www.FishbowlRadioNetwork.com in the Green Studio at 7pm CST!! Listen the the Primetime Comedy Show!!
": Deleting twitter. Now" heart attack!
Well you aint gonna know how good of a girlfriend i am untill im gone!
Who edited that teaser?! Its amazing! = P haha
RT : Relationships are defined by who we are when we aren't looking.
Touchdown in Heathrow. That London fog rekindles memories nearly forgotten....
she is all WTF and i feel dumb haha
if your looking for somewhere cheap and close to southside look at southcrest!!
that was not nice!
Entering into Hanukkah in a few hrs! I'm believing on behalf of my family & yours, for God to bless us with any miracle HE wants to give us
Seriously tho, as long as you have tight hole, I could care less about anything else. I have a good imagination.
haha this is true! and i still love you anyway :)
“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.”~ Colin Powell
Our butts got completely soaked on Jaws. Adios Amitty.
oh I didn't forget, I was just trying to see how much it would cost for a plane ticket and a hotel lmao <3
hahahahahahahah I thought you would.!! 
"do 3D movies make you sick" words of
Celebrating Cinco de Mayo with dumplings at Myers + Chang, think I may have my holidays confused.
That's great!
I just need something different.
Shout out to da homie Happy Birthday! #Salute P.S. I know youre gonna celebrate with a new tat right? Lol
Have a great weekend my friends.
You can't tell me nothing *
watch for my check-ins for clues on my location.
Stall. Definitely to stall.
That's the worst back to back effort I can remember in almost 30 years and there are pro bowlers on this team..
Let's see what y'all sound like without that auto tune
ah.... I thought u were downtown somewhere having an epic feast
Ian Eagle has a pretty cool voice for broadcasting
Does it need more x's?
you don't know that for sure I didn't think it would work with the amity affliction but it did lol
he is being sarcastic madi
Are you a poet / Who knows it? / Well, why not show it? Open Mic Poetry every Wednesday. Be here at 8:30 for pizza, beer, wine & verse!
Your avatar is hysterical!!!!!!!!
Happy bday to my sis !!!!! & hopefully theres no photos of us living it up on the party bus what happens on the bus stays on the bus
Glad you can make it (to hear )!
Spotted at opening night 's Hands on a Hardbody: Ben Millepied, Martha Plimpton, Stark Sands, some guy fr Glee, et al
If I could look like anyone, I'd be Miranda Kerr.
4 hrs to go, then I'm off for the next 3 days, which I know will suck cause I live with MY family...
Give us a shout if you're in the house for Dolla burgers!!
a tool that automatically unfollows those who tweet Foursquare checkins from Starbucks above a certain threshold would help
oh :o
wow! -.- haha I went yesterday
Thank YOU for coming out! RT Thanks, , for a great time at #ThursdayTherapy tonight! So fun!
Pleasure was all mine!
If you are trying to decide on kids halloween costumes check out pottery barn app. Great stuff.
What a lovely lap you have, Karen! And those sexy legs, M...
Bottles? Cans? I'll have draft please.
#somerville, consider yourself federated. Thx to 4 bringing #federator to the stage. Yeah yeah!
The Final Wiscojekt: DELA + SIRFICE + JASON ALLEN - this Friday. Deep Tech in the House/Pub! ALWAYS FREE. ALWAYS FUN. COME CORRECT.
If Rubio didn't get hurt, him and Kyrie would've shared the ROY award
Hahaha "It's a you-fo!" I wonder if the writers of Spongebob got that line from gmama trying to pronounce UFO? XD haha.
Good life.
Avoiding red meat? We have Veggie Burgers!
Lots of options for your next vehicle at Melloy Dodge! Check out our many certified pre-owned cars and trucks.
Wondering if Meg McCain & Bristol Palin on opposite campaigns about youthsex is the true expression of parents feelings today-opposite!
Video landing pages generate 5x higher engagement and response rates than pages without video.
I've done my best to contribute.
Can you give a link for DoJ ant's eye?
I love my clients. Way to go Mrs. Harmon!!
Haha, it's a pretty competitive program with limited space, hence the application :)
Hi Twitterfam, I'm glad to hang out for awhile with you. I consider that a great honor. Thanks to all new followers!
it does indeed. the quantified self, writ large, with hidden algorithms.
can't give you credit...Heard it b4. You gotta admit, throws a mean right hook. would be proud.
#hug Everything happens for a reason! Perhaps round two will be even more mighty and impactful!!
it's 1110 wow..fail
We had to move fast and with a limited lighting budget, film gave us an edge and the look we were after. I could go on :)
happy birthday, I hope your day was magical;D
check my YouTube out..
Hello...""Appetite for Life" by Noel Riley Fitch
keep em coming Lisa!
Albany area people- I'll be participating in some teach ins in Academy park today. 1:30-4PM. Anarchism praxis kind of stuff.
Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men. (1Cor 14:20 KJV)
happy birthday Pattie! :)
I'm in the lobby waiting on my team to get here
Traveling? I just. I didn't even hope for something like this.
God can carry you through anything, no matter how huge
im going to make MahoneScarpBook soon, tweet me if you want to be in it, follow first! Thanks, xx
So, who's going to see The #Avengers this weekend? (Me me me!) ;)
So when is the blogger party 2 #BEA!!!!
ok, if you tweet something nice, i will retweet it. so tweet something nice.
Great experience with today. Would totally use them again.
I see they're back to the halo meme.
I ordered the new 10" record by but to make the shipping cost worth my while, I ordered his 7" as well. That'll show him.
SolarWinds Sales Opportunity! Federal Inside Account Executive: lnkd.in/pdxMQn SolarWinds - Austin, TX
definitely, word of mouth is always the most powerful, we listen to people we trust!
You can always work Big 12 baseball too and extend the fun into May! Also, yes on conf. call. I'll let you know. :)
if you're hot, chances are you live far away.
I hate dealing with the trolls at the Grafton Radio Shack. Apparently the cool, helpful, normal guy doesn't work there anymore.
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
Enjoying a great presentation by on the #KCCXR initiative during #EDC luncheon. You must check out KCCreativeCrossroads!
i did for the first time!
Swear! Im always the one that goes to visit you. You gotta come visit me for once fool
Almost finished with this paper and then it's studying for finals all weekend!!. This never gets old!
been there. The nerve!
right? i don't follow nascar AT all, but i flipped it on and followed that guy just because. pretty crazy night, it seems.
I thought we were friends
I need something to do tonight
Rip it in
Yes; good question! Haven't given it a read yet, but it's near the top of the list. I'll let you know what I think.
My husband wants to do solid state to my MacBook Pro as well. Will let you know how it goes.
oh that Tulsa "where are you?" Call.
I'm a stickler for realism in violence/plot so a few things about Breaking Bad S4 bugged me, but overall it was as good as other seasons.
I HAYE WAITING!!! JOSE GOSH!!!! LMAO
Come on heat. Don't disappoint me again.
Like we are the team of Exlpore Fulton Market. Learn about us, join in the fun and celebrate the #WestLoop!
Genesee Bakery & Deli has the same policy, and I stand behind that policy in general.
Ha ha -- I think it may be time for another email one in general.
just thought I'd let you know I got you beat. Dropped $80 on a case for my new phone.
How bout I get you a pass to the con n hang out with you @ the bar so you "appear" 2 b cool
no no. you don't see Beyonce. You Experience Beyonce ;)
And lo, chunks of frozen water began falling from the very skies!
send me the picture of us two!!!
#HoldMe come on guys trend it!!!
It's hot as fuck outside.
your fear of looking stupid is holding you back
#oomf was really nice to me today even though we don't talk like that..
Ready to go home already!
She can get it
Why you should own "Taken." Nights. Like. These. RT : Eastern Conference basketball or "Quiz Show" for the 35th time? Tough choice
In my humble estimation, the best use of "high priority" red exclamation marks on an email is when it pertains to lunch orders.
Check out my project "Dollar and a Dream," available on itunes, cdbaby, sony, napster and wherever u buy CDs
girls are known as hoes for guys. guys are known as players for girls. #TRUE SHIT.
Is anyone awake in this town?
seriously weird - if they've already been there for a few days, I'd just report the suspicious activity.
agree happy birthday to
Congrats (and !) for being named among most influential museum tweeters by !!
Out to finish spring garden clean up....I think I can.....I think I can....I think I can......
is my crush
Don't make the man the center of your life; visualize your own dreams and goals; maintain close connections to others
stickK works quite well with financial planning goals. Let us know if you need any help with the site!
love that woman.
The invite season is just getting started! Never fear!
Thanks! Successfully de-hacked -- that was exciting!
LOVE the up do!! So sophisticated and a great change from her usual down style!
sliders for president!
#TheAvengers rocked. Little dude totally dug it. We had a very detailed convo regarding superheroes, powers and nemeses on the way home.
There is crying and shrieking outside my window, and I'm inside listening to RadioLab. Shoutout to my hermit buds.
Fuck the rain I want summer
sweet dreams evanna plesant potter dreams
Assuming you're testing Internet at the Stick. Working RT : test
Too. Much. Wine. Last. Night.
can you tweet your formula sheet to me, i just want to see what you put on it. and
Sam: your killing thousands like hitler. Me: at least I don't do meth. Sam: don't change the subject
Oops, didn't realize Colonel Blimp was so long. Think I'll save this one for another time.
FOLLOW A GUY ICONiac?? I got a Mac book pro 2! They are so sick! No virus! Lol
Hey Guys Brunch is going strong!Come on in ... we can do brunch all day.Finish brunch off with Scooters Frozen Custard!! Yes,Yes Yes!!
thanks for your support! Xoxo
someone promote my page please.? :c
hey qt I miss you
RT : We are no expert in love or #marriage either, but take a vacation to ignite the passion!
Pool season is almost over! Take advantage of the heat and come get wet!! 2 for 1 drinks will be flowing until 7pm!
What goes up......after breaking into new territory yesterday, the bond market had a major retreat today. Best Exec 30 YR hovers near 4.25%
Some outrageous John Travolta stories on the #edge today...
Up 6 at halftime. I'll take that.
Patio sipping in March is the new black!
YOU STUPID COMPUTER! *it starts working* I'm so sorry... i love you.
Finished vocal sessions with She has come long way with this track & will surprise some people with her songwriting maturity
“After a perfect meal we are more susceptible to the ecstasy of love than at any other time.” ~ Dr. Hans Bazli
Come and check out an awesome new performance by Mezclando Milwaukeethis Saturday at Wherehouse!!
that's was u
are you standing in front of your locker after game 3 of the WCF right now? Your #playoff beard says 'yes.'
shout out to da followers dat do
The demographic most affected by Multiple Myeloma? African American males.
Hey, I was at your table at the $200 WPT Friday. GL in the rest of the tournaments.
I heard this edge rap song....it was HORRIBLE.
Just hit snooze so many times I can hear the judgemental tone on my alarm kicking on.
Welcome home, Justin!
#BnBWed Slight delay a we've stopped at Mickey Mantle's for a drink
The Historical Thesaurus is now part of the Oxford English Dictionary Online! Visit our Electronic Resources page and click on OED Online.
indeed my dude
good luck!
Now go and sell your soul for some happiness :)
"you give my stomach butterflies , you give my penis boners " loll, I just thought of that.
did she lose a bet?
#seniorconfessionhour I never expect myself to say this but I am going to miss high school just a little bit.
Dozing off in class<<<> sleep!!!
this dude in my hood. Insomnia + #laarson don't mix, so me and the pup hanging now at crime scene
I didn't take you for a football fan.
Enjoyed the Dallas Police Honor Ceremony this evening, thank-you DPD for all you do for Dallas!
Newport, R.I., is much more than mansions
but then im water ); and then the're nothing left from me... Omg im gonna die for the second time in one day );
Just win
Im getting use to this twitter stuff!!
Get , you're gonna be in Knoxville on my bday...do ya think you could hook a Pilot girl up with tickets?? #prettyplease :)
Happy #EcoMonday 2 U! What easy things have u added 2 your life to help Mother Nature? Turn off the water while brushing teeth? Others?
personally I think you'd look better in Cardinal red.
Recorded the very FIRST office last night! Oh boy, I hope it's a good one! (:
You rock! I followed all from , my curator
Happy Baseball Opening Day!!
With blueberries and mango ss ggggooooooooodddddddddd
I am following you silly!
I got asked to book Alex Goot.
JILL DID NOT JUST GIFBOOM
aside from the Cain campaign, that is
...the logic of three dimensional space.
Hi ALHFAMily! This is how a hash tag works - just put it in your tweet!
Two very nice, gas dryers for sale at the Washington Co. ReStore.
Still we sing with our heros.
nice ur cousin must be a good drawler!!!
watching Daily Show from last night - you're famous!!
that was random... but thank yeew! <33
I drink alcohol and they call me an alcoholic so ima mix fanta in it to be fantastic lmao
so ready for the rest this week! tomorrow normal, but thursday get out early and friday no school heck yes!
How's everyone doing today?
Was it Stand Your Ground or stalking that got Trayvon Martin killed?
I <3 that my kid sends me pics of Farraris when he sees them!
Glad show is over... I will say that if I had kids... i'd want them to be fans of hers.
ha. I laughed out loud watching that.
Spring Real Estate market is in full coarse. Homes are selling and rental market doing great.
Roy Helu really is bringing it lately for the Redskins - it is just a pain that it took Shanahan 13 weeks to figure it out...
I pretend like I don't care but it makes me miss you more.
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it
awhh why aren't you a doll! :)
I have no idea who that guy was. Lol
ayee Subway and they cookies >>>>>
Oh, that's a great name. What inspired it?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
of course ;)
The future of medicine? Follow for latest on DNA sequencing and clinical applications
It's been a long ass day for me.. think I'll go soak in the tub.
Wilson's hot Tamales make you Jolly 1290 HAYDEN AVE (E.CLEVELAND)OHIO NEW LOCATION 216-905-9143
The roasted cauliflower with chiles from is my favorite vegetable, hands down!
MDHI LOOKS LIKE A RUNNER!
Thank you doll:)
I found your ceiling tile at school today!!
#planning a #conference #event or #meeting? Whether you need a #keynote #speaker for #tech, #economy, #leadership, #eco or #innovation DM us
Tough week for Michigan, but we'll get through it all! Go Blue!
u know know them ones who always WANT your support, but give NONE. yep i see u.
at the moment :p but for long? Who knowss haha
i got u lol
You take a #shower every day, but your #dog doesn't need a #bath nearly as often. #Groomers: what do you recommend?
hey Zack!! ~hugs~ hows new jersey!!?!
was it worth the 3D? I know its a good movie
Just configured the TechBits blog to auto-tweet to this account when there's a new post. We're doing a "12 Days of OverDrive" series...
DUDE!!!! I'm so sorry!!:( I love you more than you know! When you coming to see me?
Congrats! What a great way to celebrate.
I don't have any friends, recommend some people for me
I say "I love you" not to hear it back... I say it to make sure that you know.
Gearing up for UFC 101 by watching Ken Florian vs Din Thomas. Love that Flo Flo!
My favorite nouns so far: puppy, tricycle, paczki and Fiesta Ware. Fantastic.
There always seem to be three witches around every cauldron ;)
follow me<3
doodling in new moleskine
Save travels - enjoy Cambodia!
Who's all going to ' 1st Thirsty Thursday tonight? LIVE music, food, and drinks...what more could you ask for??
Is it true USC is reestablishing its MLIS program?
Thanks to Kaiser Permanente in southern CA for supporting food banks!
i have cheer tryouts today..thats fucked up i not ready ima forget everything
Loud city smoking loud packs
im pretty stoked for tonight. scarves up with a ton of green! :)
Luisa, thank you for following. It is wonderful to have you as a partner.
Yeah. Definitely. Kickstarter is a lot of work. We have a whole team of people working on the campaign.
Thank you everyone for the #ff mentions
what am I supposed to hit you up for lol?
"I got a smile on my face but that's just tears of a clown" </3
Hehe Taylor L. Just got slimed! He looks hot, green.
Sunny drive in on MLK, choco muffins in the cafe, new desk & a fun Google doodle to start my day.
Switching my mid day coffee for a prune juice cocktail....what was I thinking???
yay! congrats. enjoy the last 4 weeks :)
yeeeeaaaah! what time does your flight leave NC?!
Holding long term grudges is wasted energy.
I wish your tweets weren't protected! I'm just trying to retweet you but it's so much effort
Discussion taking place regarding tweaking the championship week schedule, talk of rest day before semis and championship games
Jay Leno is not even remotely humorous.
12 more hours left in my shift, going to be a long ass night.
Partly cloudy skies and highs in the upper 30s today. Thanks Patrick Hammer
Dreamy glimmers of hope and promise :)
RT “The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is cupcakes."
#familydinner menu? I mean besides bourbon
are you retarded
You're not the boss....
praying for Delta Tau Delta and the Vanstory family
RT “: The attacks on you, are for what you might be in the future, not for what you have been in the past! ”
we need to hook for exchange info for the chicago G8 bro
TY x RT : Every reform movement has a lunatic fringe.Theodore Roosevelt
Jimmoth we need a reunion. Come hangout with us!
Could now use a beer...would take an old Iowa favorite if thats all thats available: Busch Light.
hey Todd, what exactly is Tilson Wireless, eh?
everything about today is annoying me
is cold!
What up? My phone be dying out. I only need a few cd's. Check ur dm in a few minutes.
Fuck people who can't enjoy life
Mixing the new Cd!
Dinner is chicken and mushrooms
on a scale of 1-13 how badly do you want class to let out early!
being yours >
God morning! What's going on today Tally?
i'm so happy we can talk now!!! Yes you're right I had an argument with a friend and it made me a little bit sad..+
Anyone else feel the momentum swing?
Wow my Sunday is awesome. Hello my twitter followers:o)
I speak for the trees! The Truffla trees! #iamthelorax <3
FRESH BABY!
SlideShare acquired by LinkedIn? Now what am I going to do with this $118.75 million in cash and stock...!
have the 1st pick to bring the best RB, Trent Richardson..establish the run and the pass will come...QB's are deep this year
Working on a story with way too many pieces. Ever read Goosebumps' Choose Your Own Adventure stories?
Love & Light backatcha, Karen :-) Thanks!
My friend became the love of my life... (just one more... lol)
Leaving for Peru in a little over a month. Getting a little nervous...but excited!!
just school stress.
It was real and it was fun but it wasn't real fun
All the stupid shit I did in middle school, hilarious xD
Stoked to be back!
I can't do it anymore, I just wanna go.see my grandpa.
just did :)
Finally tried Pepsi Next. I think it could satisfy my cravings!
Wuz good world...my phone been actin dum all day but im back in action now
French toast sticks are our favorite, too! M ... now that we're thinking about it, April can't come soon enough!
Working...radio interviews to support the new album, "Setting The Standard: Volume One" in the works...I'll keep you posted!
Besides, pending application is sort of like a lotto ticket. There's always the hope that'll be the one!
Thank u lord!
Kudos to , , & for a great #prssa #chilichallenge cook off event!
we love having you as a guest on our patio! Thanks for joining us!
Also, why pay for a roller coaster pic when you could hold your cell phone out while going down that hill?
No, but the argument before was that Montana should be in the CFHOF, and mostly for what he did after his CFB career.
I have been waiting for this weekend since announced the rumor! #teampettis is Elite!!
Game 3 LETS GO RANGERS
i totally forget what i was going to say
Warm pop tarts in my right pocket
Follow Sarah for live updates! RT : I'm at SGA and class council speeches! I'll tweet some pics later!
It's building; happy w/ the progress over last 30 days. Nothing happens overnight; pleased w/ May biz. Day at a time : )
Santiago Casilla enters the frame to try to shut the door on the Rox
Can't believe Kurt did that!
Think of auditions as your final night of performance. Make it exciting and be on top of your game.
Way to go!! RT : Just finished my first 10K in 53'54. Great weather, tons of people!
Ha! Love the opening line of the 2nd paragraph
Typical Forde. Find a negative for Cal and UK if you can.
It's gorgeous! yay!
Goodnight,I hope Tommrow is better x10
lol very awkward.
What happened to the option to schedule payments? My account only shows "Pay Now".
Jason Mraz: the worst thing to happen to sound since the invention of the dentist's drill.
Glad actually be done with Sociology before finals week! More time to study for CSE 222 and Physics!
Stylish and fascinating.
Bing a father tha best feeling
#BCSBlockparty LINEUP 5p Ryan Jenkins w/Patty of Fiasco/6p Jonathon "Boogie" Long/9p Super excited
That he's had a lot of chances and it might be time to fish or cut bait.
Kristin is in Boston for orientation. The girlies leave today for Nana & Papaw's for a few days. Things are about to get lonely around here.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Awww!! Two very good men!
If I ran NASA, I would have the ground crew at Edwards Air Force Base dress as apes when the space shuttle lands.
Applying to scholarships as I am returning to school after a break as an independent student with no financial support.
Eat, Live, Sleep All Basketball
Yes.Upsets me 2 think how the #GOP pulls so much crap & so many people still vote 4 them. Are they sane or ignorant or both?
and what was the answer regarding withdrawing support?
Collective Desk Concert with tonight. (As soon as they all get here!)
yes!! Hopefully it's all healed!
Some kids want drugs, some want alcohol. Honestly, all I want is a good nap.
where was it at?
I wonder when will show up.
Long day.
I once taught a class where I talked for 10 minutes total, they talked for an hour. In a discussion. Pretty incredible. Rare.
i always start to LOVE country music right before summer. #why?
have any dubs for me to do?
RT!!!!! ": "Sold Soul" or NOT was & still is a musical GENIUS !"
There are so many new music genres out there, compared to the 70s!
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. - Berkeley Breathed
insane. and I thought it was just gonna be another wednesday!
This is very wrong sir - you are ahead of me. However as long as you stay ahead of , I shall forgive you.
doing Hyjal a bit under geared always hurts
Oh, just driving along crying to a song.
Who wants to volunteer with us & for the marathon?
hi. what do u look like in person?
sup kid !
is attending the SAG mixer and acting workshop in South Florida. SAG needs to negotiate a much better contract for online residuals.
I just don't understand what's going on and were or when this problem came up ?
Tonight at the Wild Buffalo in Bellingham. Publish The Quest opens! Its going to be shweet.
...now onto Absolutely Fabulous!
Thanks for a great finish. RT : Think a few people are forgetting Tevez started the fracas by throwing a punch to the head...?
ULM has tied the game up at 2-2 at the bottom of the second.
The mani pedi place we're at is playing bob marley and I never want to leave.
. hyper-local news platform, in Davis, CA 1 in 7 residents contribute. Seeing similar trends in other markets.
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx5
thank you! :) even though, it's been my doing.
In history, every opponent of the American military man has said we don't have the courage to fight face-to-face. I beg to differ.
I think Hawk just flipped someone off
I hate when people in that shit all the nigga I kick it will forever be my bros
"Rensselaer County, seeks individual for Library Director.This is a part-time position that will be scheduled to work 22 hours per week"...
Work hard, play harder ;)
awesome weather to have the seafair parade
Black Beans & Rice = Yummy!
Anybody... & I'm not talking about the 7th as a whole necessarily, but with 2 outs & 2 on.
Thank you so much for the birthday wishes! Hope you have a great time with your friend!
We are having so much fun reading these music/musician jokes! What are your favorites? We'll be posting ours the next few days!
what are you looking to learn?
Whoa!...impressive you can sing...who knew?!!! Oh yes and you're not a kid any longer. Crap you're all grown up.
Wrong part of the ball park...
heres something out of thought man boobs or a fat priest singing in hawian talk and dancing his a** off
When you're finished changing, you're finished.-Benjamin Franklin
Too busy to workout? -- Workout in the morning. You'll have more energy during the day than getting an extra hour of sleep
Thanks so much! Glad you are enjoying the album :) How are the lessons going?
New #giveaway toy consultation www.knowledgesafari.com click blog from
for sure. I have to support my clay pigeon addiction.
High Point Beach Music Fest tonight on Main Street. Come out and shag on over to the Grove tent!
RT : Get free beer from Lazy Oaf Lounge on Stoughton Rd. today when you say the code words found at www.phreeps.com
Just returned from HQ. The Peace Corps is 50 years old and 200,000+ Americans have volunteered already. Who's next?!
if you didn't win the Flo tix, enter here... Flo + Weezer + Jane's this summer! We're picking winners on Tues!...
I want empanadas tomorrow! Metro Center please! I have a visitor in town and need to show off the food truck splendor.
Happy Cinco De Mayo, happy national Hoagie Day, and happy National Custard day! Its fiesta time!
Weatherford fist pumps
RT : Raise money for jacks foundation!! Hope everyone supports him. Have an awesome day everyone
Starting the drive to Let's see if I remember how to get there...
thanks so much for the #FF and RT!
OH! Good one! No FAZZT food though... RT : I need something tasty for breakFAZZT - any recommendations?
Glad you caught the videos by on
Let us be Your hands and feet God, to declare to the world that #HopeHasCome through the love we show people.
omfgg i miss you
Dear GOD, While U handin out injuries, & doin the right now PLEASE stop by the SPURS...Amen
Spurs David Robinson talks about discipline and serving. Applause from
-you guys did one hell of a job promoting our single! THANKS!
Give me Tevez, Silva, and Johnson anyday and bring out Richards in Defense
Curious to hear about that, as an LIS student interested in digital stewardship.
you should follow me because yolo
This time the book club is all teachers:) All female so far.
Day 2 in St. Petersburg, Russia. We are on a whirlwind tour of the city. Interesting city... Did not really expect what I found :-).
hahahahaha omg totally forgot about this hahah but I have something hilarious!!! To tell you Hahna I have to text it!
Treat a military mom to a treasure box! Donations for $30 pre assembled food kits - feed her family all week www.thetreasurebox.org/donate
matabak time even though i feel sick :L
UR DA BEST MA KEEP IT UP!!!
You're from Indiana?
Why does my hair always look so much better when I'm home instead of in public?!
RT : Boosty?! I love Bootsy! I really didn't know that|yep! learn somethin new everyday!
it's all good shit happens right?
I miss my bestfriends.
why do people do covers of really good songs... and pronounce the artist's name wrong
Glad you could dig it, Flint.
Please consume your margaritas and mint juleps responsibly today.
& this is just the
Rallying with after a long day of rest. just ordered food and moonshine at a speakeasy...
Video from 's inauguration will be posted soon! Check back later this evening.
aye(; you're a cutie(:
That sounds like a fun vacation! :)
you know what tomorrow im going to make a poster. :D
Okay, that was scary.
RT : RT : "It's not about a large audience, it's about the right audience," Eric Schwartzman
Oops! Thank you.
YMCA interview tomorrow 👌😉
I meant it Chels - u know me - i dont throw compliments around like that :)
I thought it was pretty funny...
I wonder how it would go if Facebook introduced a "who's viewed your profile" feature like LinkedIn has.
come over and dye my hair tonight its fading bad bra!
As part of “New Voices of Vietnam,” the Academy salutes legendary director Dang Nhat Minh on Nov. 10 at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater.
Having to make an impossible decision. Go to my senior prom...or go interview Forever The Sickest Kids. What the hell do I choose?!
Alex"How do 5 guys walk?" Me"How?" Alex"ONE DIRECTION!" Me"Can't argue with that.."
New Years Eve is just around the corner now's the time send us your request for NEW YEARS EVE COME PARTY VEGAS STYLE 8 HOTELS TO CHOOSE FROM
please come to columbia mo! I would love to you see you guys!!! <3
One of the few music publications that isn't a total rag these days. Well done.
Hearing someone non southern say "yehaw". Is like hearing me try to speak french. It sounds weird, and no one understands it
My mom just bought me gray VLADOS online! they're not Atlas-hi but who cares there effin VLADOS! Mom be ready for the best Mothers Day ever!
Been cleaning parts of my house..geez it was dusty...sorry been so quiet..
welcome hon!
Thanks to recent rain the City of Madison has lifted it's burn ban but urges people to be careful with the high winds
finally making the move to the dark side?
APPROVED!!! We are ready to go. Please go to www.IEPPal.com to sign up for your free trial.
It's crazy..and a personal thank you for everything we've talked about,you made me feel better when I needed it this season.
On a call w/a group of emerging leaders from the UNCA network . . . 'like' us or RT us if you're on!
Thanks for including us!
I am beyond thrilled to see you on twitter, !! Welcome!
Biggest pet peeve. Waiting for others to be on time. Already 30 min late for grandson's 1st Bday party.
good to see you man!! Safe travels!
you forget that for at least another 6 months the loop contingent counts as 'work people' for me
Starting Downtown Abbey with 's - what - third watch? And listening to newly bought Andrew Bird album x2. Decent Saturday.
FUN EXPERIMENT: If you shit on a map…nine times out of ten it will land on the state of Michigan. (It really works!)
Boyd Crowder on "Justified" is my favorite character. The man sounds like a genius and a hick all at the same time!
when you say you need a sponsor for your book, what do you mean?
Time for bed. Finished one web project, time to start another on Wednesday. Anyone need a website built?
So ounce I wake up in the morning its present time yes gonna be the best I hope I get a new phone my phone is crappy
thanks for the RT!
I'm gonna be in Towson tonight getting a henna tattoo. Be there.
I've been on a calendar, but I've never been on time. -Marilyn Manroe
-- Ahoy out there! Planning to see your face in July! Stay tuned.
You'll infuse the cheese, Don.
Then don't!
Just let me know when and I'll be there ;) haha
Follow us on twitter!!
when u gone let me text u
10 years ago, on this day, was one of the greatest rants in the history of American sports. "We're talking about practice, man!"
Did you know we have party room? Yep! It's perfect for birthday parties, tea parties, cupcake decorating! Call for details @ 503.222.4404
Do siamese twins pay for one ticket or two tickets when they go to movies and concerts?
Would somebody please tell Greece to start developing apps?
#blackparentsquote "Remember, chocolate melts in your mouth, not your hand."
Magan, thanks for following
Sweet Tomatoes. Yumm-O!
iMod: audiolingual approach to math rules, steps, and mnemonics; great for auditory learners; linguistic, interpersonal intelligences
#chicago #mstech reunion to recap on friday in chicago?
aaww thank boo!! Soo glad you're here!! Love you!!
General lee you're so wise, like a little Buddha, but covered with hair
i wish i still had AIM so i could post lyrics to Africa by Toto as my away message
I am on the call right now listening to my man TP talk old school people stuff. It's a great education.
making cookies and pizza for breakie with my besties<3
RT From NM to VA to DC to NC #SUMMERTIMEGRIND ...when you heading home ill be there in july..
This lady in the old main office just offered me a bite of her apple o.O lmfao umm
You may think you're going to win. Then my pitching will trample you like a herd of wild bison.
lfaooooooooooo omg that was funny Cus they wouldn't pop -.-
wants to live. And live freely!
everybody knows what you knew #beliebers and #NSN so we know
Thanks for stopping by yesterday! Looking forward to seeing you again!
I miss you
It's my pleasure. Thx for checking out my TL, I like to keep it interesting. Look forward to tweeting with you:-)
Shout out to my girl feel better!
haha! Cooler than mine!
RT : God is made of soy milk.
Joey's got the good shit, I'll give him that.
If God invented marathons to keep us from doing anything more stupid, the triathlon must have taken Him completely by surprise.
"I'd better learn how to face it / I'd pay the devil to replace her"
Here we go again with the Refa
The wisdom of the wise is knowledge applied and the love of haters is venom.
Tray: yea well its always next sunday ,Oscars Tonight!,#ToastRedCarpet,3pm/PST
wow. so incredibly sore. my forearms are sore. oh well, day 2 of moving begins
omg so excited
My mentions won't work........
Hahah I try.
Glad you enjoyed it! We will be recording a new EP next month and will be uploading new videos soon. Thanks for listening :)
I miss you too ;c
u should get the hallo app!!!!
Or I could just hire you to git on up thar and shovel all the snow off! Get at it, Z!
I have a feeling that when I get my own place furniture will win out over clothes as my new obsession.
"I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least."
Have class at 8 I should be sleep but up listening to my music
That is bound to be interesting. Too bad no power when you get to DC!
Delorean, VW Bus Camper, jeep w/ gun turret, Subaru Brat with racing graphics & seats in the truck bed
Sweepy head still
My iPhone corrects all of my hashtags into nonsense words.
No wonder I can't sleep... That café mocha did its job.
did you guys know that Ryan Johnson is here for the Super Bowl, I can hardly contain myself!!!!
Can't decide :/
could you make the news anymore depressing on the 4th? Take a break already and talk about something positive. FAIL!
A firm runner in my list of Top Office Pet Peeves! My co-worker and I JUST talked about this, too. E-mail f/u + Verbal = too much
You & Judge Judy!
Lena Sang and would warm the hearts of all. She was known for her sultry moves and grace. Please listen to Lena performing in her most...
hey - thank you!
is my favorite human being on the planet. He should Benin a reality tv show all his own
Tune-in to hear & CrashPad star live on the radio (& online) for Sex City on 89.5FM / CIUT. Hosted by
Dude bro dude
LOL have fun on the bench bro
if your iPhone breaks inside a we repair/replace - BOOM!
RT if u wanna text!
Haldex announces new organizational structure and new members of the Group ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Hey thanks for listening! And im glad you enjoyed it. It means a lot to us!
May 23rd god willing
that looks good.
Tony Luca was fantastic! I disagree with . Not one dimentional. His performance was sick!
yes please send sponsorship letter to
UT Dallas We will give away a pair Beats by Dre Tour earbuds. a $149.99 value, if we hit 175 Likes by Friday 6/24!
Oh cool! How was it?
Try Tweetchat. You can control the pace.
my mom wants to know if i cant come to ur house at like 6:00am wednesday and thursday because she has to go work on a tv show!
fresh pipe
No problem babe ;) >> “: S/o preciate the follow babygirl!”
he tlkn bout I been gettin thick. -_____- you're like 100 , why are you looking?
How was the after party?
Happy Hanukkah to our fans & followers!
Thanks for the easter egg hunt, at least I can say I found 100% of the eggs!
what's up!
Me too! RT Is it Friday yet?! I'm ready for the game!!!!
Oh, I liked that one, much better than The Shape of Things. I found a movie written,directed and staring Josh Radnor
Finally stopped bring a bum and did some data collection today. I'm all excited about my project again!
Don't argue. You can't beat a woman in an arguement. Cause men, we are handicapped when it comes to arguing cus we have a need to make sense
Hate when people are unprepared. I could be watching Saturday cartoons damn it.
i am ready for dtv.... is everybody else????
We have always been very thankful for our supporters!
#IfonlyYouCould Understand How Amazing Jacky Is! But I Dont Think You Can Comprehend Such Great Amounts
Pedro Barros 1st place, Rune 2nd place in the pro division. Perfect. Congratulations Steven Pineiro for taking 6th in the pro division.
I never argue, I just explain why I'm right.
Stop in tonight for our happy hour with drink specials and half-off selected appetizers!
5 yrs on Twitter. Time to get back on for a bit.
Click the "LIKE" button on our page! Its good for you! :-D
Or an epic bike ride. That'd be a good way to burn off the calories.
DEMI INSPIRED US to Wax all the time!
hahaha no actually what about the girls you slept with ??? Oh yeah your like Jeff you still a virgin an will stay that way
Olivia Pope will cut you up. Don't mess with Lady O.
thanks for following me back here on twitter, that's so noble of you!!! God bless!
Oh, awesome! And so good to hear from you, Ann!
president Obama you are full of shit stop the shit and put some jobs out there for me and the people of america
HOF Legend #TonyDorsett is goin on #WFAN radio in ny to discuss football check it out
I could really go for a massage right now....
Learning how to play piano from
We are all excited! Enjoy the trip and THANK YOU for this experience.
writing part 1 :)
Golf Realty Network Worldwide Radio starts October 5th on the VoiceAmerica Variety Channel airing every Wed. at 8 AM PHX time
O or Goth drama. I was a part of but not a part of aka I wasn't even there) People are morons J
dont be mean!
#ItsCrazyHow one day everyone loves you & then one thing goes wrong & they all hate you
All these #Mifflin2012 kids tweeting photos of mimosas and bloody marys? At #Mifflin1990 it was kegs of Old Milwaukee. That's the list!
I use both the screen & keyboard for the ipad just not sure how to max. the use to work w/ it. I'm doing well! How r u?
"Dwarf blood diamonds." Awesome!
Hey NCAA, if you want to end dishonesty & corruption that is college sports, pay close attention to what Godell & NFL did today
Yo you ready for the supermoon?
Worrying is like a rocking chair, gives you something to do but gets you no where!
When you miss someone, and barely have the control to not text them every second that you have free time..
yeah it was fun
ugh...dnt feel good..ima try to get some rest...nite:)
I Feel Like A Lot Weight Has Been Lifted Off Of Me.... I Thank U Lord U!
Annual Jirschele Banquet.
you suck. I wanna play later.
Meeting time, but I thought that was a thoughtful discussion And on Twitter!
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. -Thoreau, Henry David
you are trying WAY too hard.
Every night, I hug my Baby Jack Skellington and my Baby Garfield before I go to sleep. They remind me of what used to be.
too bad they only play six innings - back to Blow Morgan.
We're excited to be a part of Chicago Ideas Week. Thanks for having us as your #CIW Community Partners!
Cthu I really made this boy mad on the train & I didn't mean to
Aaron - we saw Modify on Fab yesterday and the LaunchSquad Boston office is crazy for the new designs!
so very true...
what's cracking... Jus enjoying my bday!
what's that? Lol "Walmart" I am not PuertoRican!!! How dare you!!!!
I just wanna curl up into a ball and be in his arms right now 
where u now? We r headiing to rockafella center.
WILSONS HOT TAMALES OTHER NEW LOCATION ON HAYDEN AVE EAST CLEVELAND OHIO 216 249-2659 @@@@@@@
just got vlingo this program is sick voice command your iPhone, so awesome!
congrats guys on moving on to rd 2.
writing/Photography and like stuff. 2accts= it's easier to separate everything....harder to separate later lol
"Without Bias" is great, "Hoop Dreams" another good one.
is speaking the TRUTH
Oh and at 9am we will have here live as well.
you're gross.
Bradshaw has had a big game for the giants today
Honestly, everyone on #TheVoice is beyond talented. I would be happy for any of them to win, but I'd be EXTREMELY happy if Tony won! VOTE!!!
Been so lazy then break
Watching the terror trial on BBC instead of TV2, to get another perspective on the situation
Nice! Love this! I am in need. The emails are winning.
Looking forward to future endeavors Cheers and have a fabulous Easter.
Good night folks. Have a safe, happy, warm weekend.
at least she had the baby though... I was beginning to wonder how long it was going to bake
Intel grows its business through I.T. in many different ways. They are:
Missing today! Hope you feel better soon.
New things coming this summer. Sorry to keep you all waiting! :)
yes we have a shit zu. I spelled it that way cause that is all she does. hahaha! We also have a cat named oreo
‘Don’t worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you’ll have to ram them down people’s throats.’ — Howard Aiken
I think today holds your record for the most tweets
TONIGHT AT PALM GARDENS DOORS OPEN AT 9:00...YALL BE THERE!
is there any question that rondo is not a top 2 NBA PG?
Are We Really That #brilliant?: Bowl Fresh: Safe to use around pets &children, although not rec. that either permitted to drink from toilet.
I love you
Don't be so open minded that your brains fall out
I'm doin good pretty lady you should get my number from your mom and call me I miss you
O'COMEON her teeth hurt! Isnt that enough suffering?! You really need to help out your future with here.. :)
thanks for the suggestion, but I installed it from source (make)
much love bro
feeling better! LOL “: Word heard my trainer got allergies &not feeling well today yay party when I get off 🍸🍻👏”
Our full service law firm offers criminal defense, civil litigation, family law counseling, and collection services for Southern California.
#latenightconfessions I wrote #oomf a love letter ..and haven't given it to em yet
Stop trying to please everyone else and do it for your own damn self!
Chicago! You always get the off the hook show we don't do anywhere else - we have a very unique party planned for you tonight!
holy cow ! crazy people ! lol
Anyone else feeling like 2012 might be the new 1982 for great geek films? (More on this in the next issue of Champion! Magazine.)
life gets rough, but you have to remember all the people who care about you and how much they'd hurt
RT you might think your going to win.but sadly your not.thanks for trying.oh you want your money back.sorry no refunds.talk to you soon.ok.
cause i have cardinals that just keep crashing into my windows all year
Got a job in Hawaii Been here since October. I miss home!
Dude responded to my comment with his number, offering to give me the "truth" about Alamo. I called him, he paused, then hung up.
The only reasons "ex's" keep you as a facebook friend is to be nosey.
Tempted to brave the cold and see the phenom get tagged by the #Pirates tonight for the sweep!
2012 is the year to #TakeaStand. is taking a stand for at-risk youth. What do you stand for?
People and there attitudes I just don't understand
If the Indians remain baseball's Cinderella story ... well, let's just say no city deserves it more. Couldn't agree more!
Suzy Kolber only interviews white people?
“A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.” Henry Kravis
Right? We need someone to write the 21st-c Molloy...
Look at the stars, look how they shine for you & everything you do. They were all yellow.
will I need a jacket at the timbers game? Or will the scarf be enough?
uncle Internet
Shooting the new simple question video in downtown Waterbury
OK, I slept most of the day yesterday then half of the day today. I didn`t even stay up late last night.
Beekeeper, on what he does with the honey from his hives: "I typically don’t like to fool with it because it’s sticky business." BADA BING.
HAHAHA!! “: I wish these plants would keep it in their pants. This pollen is killing me today.”
Its been a lot of work, but I've enjoyed serving parents and teacher as the PTA President.
need to b ATE up nn DICK down !!!! lmao
“: #LibraHumor can range from silly and ridiculous to dry & sarcastic.”
What happens in #Portland stays in #Portland but only because no one understands #Hipster talent.
“ “ Charge fast. Die fast. Smartphones do it well””
Getn my new iphone today ;)
Pulling for OKC, but c'mon home court fans, it looks like a cult meeting with all those white shirts.
Special treat tomorrow! We're breakin out the mimosa bar :)
throat still sore. no rest for the wicked and weary though. two classes and studio time today. i'll just spray my throat w/ that numb stuff
Hello to everyone attending the TLA 2012 Conference today! Use the hashtag #tnla12 to share your experiences.
appreciate the RT
Be the friend, you would like to have.
so instead i'm watching forest gump
do you think you can give me a shoutout? LOL i want more followers(: <3
#LeBron has NOT earned the rep he has gotten in the last year - that's just a damn lie. the hate has been a virus
Seven out of ten people suffer from hemorrhoids. Does this mean that the other three enjoy it.
I'm giving in, going to the park, meeting up with my friend for a going away lunch, wine tasting then cleaning until 10pm...busy!
The reason I take pictures is so I don't have to explain myself in words.
can you share more info as to what you mean?
Happy Easter 🐰
"There is no irony font!" said Margo Howard, re: email etiquette. Thus emoticons are useful in conveying meaning.
youre a twat. love, everyone except your cousin <3
THAT SONG WAS OMG! ndonasoncksndkdbskaosndjxk PROUD OF YOU AUSTY <333
It's me, Deezer
Does that mean that you DO embrace gay Christians? Because that's what I take your response to mean.
Thank you, same to you.
reading projects? For what? :P And doing hw
thank you for following :) now come back to Chicago please !!
YES! Glad to hear from you, to see you're on twitter, and that you're joining the #sciencescribe team!!
she flipped cause I sharpened a crayon. It worked! So I spent 15 min cleaning it and it's basically a brand new sharpener.
Yeah exactly keep wishing.
Scariest eyes go to Heatley.
Happy Monday! I'm busy working on marketing, post-prod/editing, and design projects. How are you spending your Monday?
I love myself. I hope that you do but if u don't it's ok because i already love me.
heading to boot camp with Eilecia :-D
Congrats! Not just to you but to them on a great choice.
Dan: What do you call it when somebody steals a #StiegLarsson book? Me: ... Dan: Larssony! :-/
"Holy Shit Batman"
...and to all a good night.
Can't wait to taste the results of the new partnership between GFA winner Artisan Preserves and !
its a cold world man!!
A5: I agree with - we need to continue building on our rich cultural heritage & celebrate community wherever we can
American Reunion best Comedy since Hangover one and Bride Maids. Got an applause at the end.Funny & Nudity.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving
Navy Yard, PIERRE wants to thanks all who visited him today. It was a great day!
Long Island Championship tm at 3 30 at Hofstra come support #HF on the road back to Glens Falls
I've wondered about how artists might be changing their approach due to digital. Hm... Interesting.
def'ly will be doing that , & for school , i gotta get the fuck outta NC ! lol
just checking if you got the forum email?
Its going to be a long night.
I try to be, lol. As soon as I can get my mind under control, my book will be out!!!
Why is it only tuuessdaaayyyyy 👎
Bingo! Found m-i-l in the #1940census as a 4yr old!
I could tell you horror stories about their behavior! Appalling! Even to the ship crew members! Turned me off to them.
follow me! (: poo
Who wants my 10,000 tweet!!!??? Ill make it amazing
Money, Love & Happiness...
lookin hot like fire in that red dress. Shout it out girl
#FavoriteClothingBrand none i like wearing shirts with quotes, super heros and favorite rappers
I just noticed I'm not really using twitter as frequently as I used to. Oh well Follow the LOTUS to get in contact with me.
I give up . . . I gotta do something different now.
that one is not on me. I'm fixing it but Madison said she is giving them an apology when she gets On.
I think should auction the opportunity to do a session with :)
hahahaha(; So do I, we have something in common!
Yeah I agree he is from Ohio right?
Ha! Happy New Year, G.
Girls that know LeBrons a bitch nigga are sexy. You women truely know basketball.
#The best feeling in the world Knowing that you actually mean something to someone♥
Excited to finally try the with my lady love tonight. Cocktails are the best way to relax after house hunting.
#celticschat I think were going TRIPLE digets!!!!!
florida cops are annoying. you can cry your way out of a ticket im sure(;
Booking for SOBE today!! Many thanks, Joe Blake!
we can hope. 0-21 is quite the slump.
Someone broke into my sisters house & took my puppy ):
I've been rocking your world lately, haven't I?
Melissa McCarthy is my idol
