Josephine Mining Corp. Announces Resignation of Director and CFO
1st off get it right, name's Cynical-rip-a-Mic, sicka than Vlad the Impaler stickin ya to the tip of a spike
Ah, was that a dig at the intelligence level of myself, , & ? Cause we all seem to agree.
i joined the coast guard to avoid college
If you want to see some yo mamma jokes,go to my second twitter account
#Summer is on it's way to #Milwaukee! Make sure your A/C is ready to go! Pay just $69 for a tune up! ttp://cot.ag/m0m8D2
Dang. C'mmon that's half me, imagine the other half and i'm complete xD
What time are you due in now? We have two spots by the PGH airport. Cc
sorry for the spam messages! I didn't send that! I hate hacker spam!!
The title [furnishes] the means of comprehending potentiality... painting must be an individual reality - Picabia #quotes (fun times )
Velvet goldmine is on netflix. I almost forgot about this gem!
-25% = impact to growth of GDP in 2013 as a result of sequester, what calls "balanced"
Happy Guy Fawkes Day, all. I still remember watching my English neighbors heaping old furniture on their bonfires many moons ago.
There is only one happiness in life -- to love and to be loved -- George Sand
The Canyon Theatre Guild ☺
#Jerzathon today on #MTV!!!! So happy :) my weekend is made.
very cool :-)
No matter what anyone says, we should always be one. Lets get reunified.
I need to pee but I just painted my nails :(
you know New York Lately is next on my list. For real. Love it!!
but really, it should be sooner rather than later
thoughts w you
So many new followers! Thankful to have you! Craftin' Carnival is gonna be a hoot! Can't wait to see you there!
bad timing I'm afraid....enjoy your visit to the 'croft!
that sounds like fun!!
Talking about Loki so much makes me sad that my dog died. I miss you, Loki. :c
I Get To OPEN UP FOR YUNG NATION Next FRIDAY !!! na nana Boo Boo!!
OMG Salma Hayek was an illegal immigrant before! How did we not know this. It must of been her blond hair and blue eyes.
game 7 picks leo? #sabres and #canucks are about to get the job done
You can get in big trouble if they find you hunting without a hunting liscense. It is against the law!
Quiz night starts at 8PM, get here really and get a good spot for you and all your friends. 's imperial pints are $2 off!
hahaha!! Bridget the Midget, you know they get all on you like white on rice! Get u some. Hahhaa
my teeth hurt so bad :(
Tune in to The View today for airing of yesterday's visit from Barack #Obama. I heard he talks about JPMorgan &need for financial regulation
good to know because I really want a macbook air and I mostly do web work too. Why aren't you happy?
I'll be leaving you a sign at the dinner table if you keep it up..."No Feeding the Animals!".
Playing powerpop records tonight at Cactus Club 10 til close! Also is bartending! Happy Wednesday!!
Thank you and as always thanks for your efforts toward those with #Autism in their world :)
the worst is over ...but you already know we #Goodfellas ova here
"Sun is shinin', weather is sweet yea..." #sunshine->happiness
Lovely weather :) RT : Isotopes Forecast: Mostly sunny at game time with a temp of 70°. Temps will cool during the game
#kids Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre: Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 4:00 PM V Theater at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas...
when's the next race? I'm ready right now dress shoes and all!
It's so muthafucker nice out there OMG daylight savings 2 its a gud luk lol:-)
I introduced a spring special to the menu today at #CityTavern. It's Salmon Oscar w/ asparagus, what r u #cooking this week?
Happy Friday!
sorry frank
I'm getting the exact breakout of styles, but can't post until the show airs.
Brady lost 2 of last 3 playoff games to.....Flacco & Sanchez....
Most of your unhappiness is due to listening to yourself instead of God.
willdo, on travel now, but i'll get back to you next week.
As much as I dont see me growing old... Dont look down on it! Some people are denied the privilege
people with bad hairy asses who refuse to shave should have a boyfriend with braces rip all that hair off tbh
yea same. being single is SO much easier than dealing with a boyfriend xP
You are the fairest of fair weather fans. Move to Portland already!
it was awful. Alice Cooper joke was funny... But the story was very stupid and didn't make sense
Some Earth humans are angels, and archangels, and ET's. They came here to help normal Earth humans.
SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE #BASED.. ALL THE HOMIES SHOWIN LUV! VERY SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO THE WOMEN THAT SUPPORT ME! SHOUT OUT TO MY OVERSEAS FAM!
the rain, it is purple.
lol if you say so -.-
games on the computer. You?
Thunder Mountain?
Who says I can’t be free? From all of the things that I used to be Re-write my history Who says I can’t be free?
In dark times we cry out for true leadership.
he can't guard all 5 positions at one time. Jennings, Ellis, Gooden is going to be a horror show on both sides of the ball.
that's what it sounded like.
NBA: Daily Dime Live Daily Dime Live
Learn Lace wigmaking & how to weft hair & watch your $ more than $double$! Recession?-SURE, BUT NOT WHEN IT COMES TO HAIR! www.drwiggys.com
I've got another 1,000 words of KIMBERLY if you want to see it.
They are devoted to finding relevant solutions that meet our clients' changing Inbound marketing needs
Gearing up for #JBWebinar: "Leading When Things Get Sticky" featuring
lmao I know
If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don't invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth.
i heard...I'm just bummed I didn't catch these games yesterday. Will have to make sure I watch upcoming games.
10 hour road trip...
when are you starting your US concert tour?????
I didnt actually meet nelly hahahha, I was making fun of my friend, who also lied and said he met nelly.
My mama and brother did fed time, I have a cousin on death row and others doing time.
Finally made it to Charleston.
Don't forget! Last day for Spring 2012 grads to submit online diploma application is tomorrow!
Up before 8am on a Saturday. I must be crazy... So worth it though!
Just had a great meeting with ! Lot's to think about for , but I'm excited. Thanks !
Cooking Channel: Chucks Day Off - well I wanna quit my job, fish & eat the catch of the day forever
well I am from Cleveland, so at least you know someone from there.
how likely is Blazers landing Crawford or Maybe Josh Howard?
WILL DESTROY CLIPS WILL HAVE 2 DESIGN A WHOLE NEW GAME PLAN 4 CALICOE & I ROCKS WITH CLIPS BUT CAL DAT DUDE
Please follow us we are following you so please be kind and follow us:-)
Nick Nolte earns Oscar Nomination for "Warrior"
Still looking forward to your soupy debut, don't let us down buddy!
Some songs just grab you and take you! And I love it when they do
Who says that?
i miss the horoscope app on my droid. it was always dead on. i can't find an iphone one that I like.
you in inspiration , Someone Like you Cover is AMAZING ! :))))))) #ProudOfYou and #ProudMahomie love ya!
: Great review, lady. Super excited to try this place... maybe next weekend!
Listening to New Media Talk w/Dave Olson from & Michael Edson from
Definitely! RT : Oreo macaroons! looks like i need a vacation down there asap!
New Dr Who? Some of them are hot. That might have been it.
painting the day away.....dancing to some Michael Jackson, Off the Wall.....GREAT day! :)
You hurt your back? How? Running away from good taste?
lmfao like i seriously didnt wanna look- but had to go back n look bc it was tht nasty
Good luck youngin
Its 3:10.. I think its time for bed. Good night chirpsters!
Its a trip hearn people talkn sleep or tiered....When I been up for 2dayz on 5hrs of sleep...
I had some laptop issues, like it not working anymore. Sorry I have been off. I hope all are well.
moderating 's closing discussion session
I'm listening to the most hilarious episode of This American Life I've heard yet. Trying not to bust out laughing on this bus.
Hey man you forgot to follow :c
Do you have kids? I thought the movie was incredible.
yeah buddy me nd are back from our trip it waz crazyy
I talk through models in class to highlight argument/structure.
I've got one seat left. You're name is on it if you wanna come :)
C-Lo is saying FU to the guy his ex is driving with! He's also pissed bc the guy doesn't have a blue toof on while driving...
I'll retweet all day, But I will not Repost on Facebook, Different vibes
Marriage is the institution where the woman loses her the name and the man his solvency ~ Anonymous
Thank you for the best coffee ever!
yay!!!!!!!!!!!!! finals are over for me wooh my brain hurtz from all the studying at least i got mostly "A"s this semester:)>
I have Restless Mind Syndrome.
oh yeah I just saw that tweet. All I know is he needs to drop that album sometime this decade hahah
hoping to have a new home by June!
“: STICK YOUR MASSIVE DICK IN MY THROBBING VAG” hm.
Thank you for the mention the other day!
Justin Bieber follows me, you should too ;)
She has a huge house (fits 20+ comfortably) that would work. We'd be able to figure out a partnership.
Anxious as hell, freaking out
when will this shoot be available?
Heys guys not to complain, try to use Twitter to converse those that just use it to blast out info, either get ignored or unfollowed
Don't miss out on the tour of Leimert Park this Sunday! RSVP at !
Can't wait to make it home! I need my bed
Pre-auction price/yield concessions are obvious as well as little post-auction hangover following $32 billion 3s yesterday.
jeez, why is it so freaking cold???
I think the NFL should study the brain of . Now.
#DarkShadows is playing at the Cinemark! Does going to the #movies make you #hungry? Come in for our all-you-can-eat feast!
I'm sure (see I could have gone all crass with this but I chose to do otherwise ;) )
like that?
I might switch to the iPhone.
Heading to #NY with my #Shool with my
give up now. There's no hope.
Questions on floor: making public investment data more accessible/ readily available to the public; also attracting biotech firms to city
After scouting trailer tape, my complete #Avengers mock draft: 1) Iron Man 2) Hulk 3) Thor 4) Captain America 5) Black Widow 6) Hawkeye
Spontaneous or bust.
Wish I Could Go Hoop Right Now..
Did you know: The sandstone to build the South West Battery came form a quarry in Newark, New Jersey?
hey guys
Tron Legacy is a technological battle b/n God & Lucifer. Like Religion, it is celestially breathtaking but makes little sense when analyzed.
Denver Mayor Michael Hancock giving touching, sincere speech @ Memorial Reception of the Great East Japan Earthquake urging more donations.
Great feedback and discussion by
Happy Easter to all! Give your little ones it's of hugs and kisses!
We also deliver to all of the Gaslamp District , Downtown and Little Italy areas. Delivery hours 11am-11pm.
Before I lose my phone, end up naked, drunk and/or possibly arrested, I would like to wish all a Happy Friday!
Still ... what a program last night. Talk about ending a season with a bang!
“: People just don't say YOLO enough.”
what's your tumblr url?
And as a meal...
how bad do you want them? I say just stick your hand in her pocket and find out just what is in there
I have 3 skip the line warped tour passes who wants to be VIP with me? Lmfao
you left school to go home and watch eclipse? -_- wth
yes, I gots a new number, I text you but I hope you're not kidding because these shirts are amazing lol
Need 4k for it. Listed at $4500.
American.edu experiencing periodic issues, OIT working to diagnose problems – Terry Flannery, University Communications & Marketing
Speaking of movies, a bunch of us were comparing notes on great programs and we realized they were all (audio) podcasts.
Developing a serious cookie habit from
Eckhardt suggests that deal is not statutorily dependent on County support
Was going to go out but can't find anything I wanna wear :(
Living 5 mins from work is nice!! I'm sure can agree!
Time to start knocking out these last two papers for tomorrow.
Derby Day
Rick Reilly is easily the worst contributor to and certainly #Masters. His reports remind me of 6th grade book reports. Awful.
How was Safe House?
just submitted three proposals to goruco
Love that has same birthday weekend as me. (am I ????? Hm....)
I love that song and the band<3
We <3 Our Residents! Bring us more just like you & we'll give you a check for $200 after they move in!
Yeah I keep getting tweets about someone talking shit. I'm tired of it I'm going to close down this account and open a different one
Tired of charlotte...
hm, what will today bring?
It's Not Mothers Day in The U.S (: xx
Living the life RT : off to bed! covering the trust for the national mall lunch tomorrow then the russert congressional dinner!
Why do we care what Obama thinks about gays?? Just saying guys!
just did lol
Fact or Fiction: A ducks quack has no echo
you got suspended for unfollowing people that is stupid
12oz of a typical American pale lager has fewer calories than 2 percent milk or apple juice.. Get down here if you know what's good for you!
wonderful range of expressions :)
Welcome to the team Samantha Pepas, Stephanie Poelman, Taylor Coppock, Graham Funk, and Dirk Gage!!!
Come Spirit of God and make within us your dwelling place and home. ~RT
Lookin forward to checkin out set tonight! Been a minute.
I play the same game!
Everyone's complaining about the ACT. Already took it. No stress for me!
...wonder what parallel to public health field there is in teaching/education?
Thanks for the follow!
Thought about suicide twice when I open both of them doors
hit the phone fool
In the next day or so we'll hit a milestone that starts with a one and is followed by six zeros...
Unbelieveable! Kids 2day r asked 2 learn 2 much in 2 little time.Would no more if we pick most imprtnt & slow down!
What is Tyson Chandler doing, I'm going to need for him to grab a rebound and throw that down w/ 2 hands...SMDH
Darn it, I think I reinfected myself with a Glee obsession.
Today's tip: Choose exercises that you enjoy doing. You will stick with a fitness regimen when it includes things you like to do.
This week has been only creatives that make my life easier and hell, no in between. Luckily on shoot with a "life easier" team.
Beyond tired. So looking forward to some deep sleep tonight!
leave me alone,ok?
But it'd be a frozen tank to make it really awseomer, right? heh
I think it sixteen or seventeen times a week. I guess I don't say it as often as I think it. ;)
Rusty Carpenter is at #ucf describing the Noel Studio for Academic Creativity and Eastern Kentucky's Minor in applied creative thinking.
Thanks for tweeting along with us yesterday, ! Hope you had as much fun as we did.
I believe we will squeak out King.
Its important for the public to be more educated regarding the environmental & ecological benefits which can be achieved by landscaping
. is today "job handout day?" for notary petition-circulators?
That sounds expensive.
Good businessman/good Mom, guy knows fat son eats a lot of sushi from buffet, man charges $2 more, Mom pays, I win. :)
Love the DP! Get me out this inning!!
the lakers outscored the thunder in the fourth quarter!
Teenage years are comprised of tribulations, confusion, agony and love.
3 centuries of beer later, our tweets might be getting a little less coherent dsfjnercuwie
''I call Myself a mahomie, I hate on other mahomies and bully ppl online. I talk crap & Hate on others b4 I know them''. -Fake Mahomies.
Money and music catch the vibe
WHen are you coming?
iTriage man made it to the convention center!!! Find him and twit pic for a chance to win big!!!!
Hey , glad your account is all better - but we prefer the term "compromised". Hacking isn't a bad thing.
Thanks! Have any links to your music?
Had to reboot my #Droid this morning to get bluetooth to work and now Twitter isn't updating.
Rite now ev one wuld find happiness and peace n kno they're luved
Don't worry..baby you got me..
She said she wasn't a freak, but she was down to try things.
“: I have a d3 body with D4 talent”. Westy U got the most out of ur body. Now I need to get the most out of "blackie"
This is my last cry. This is the only way, this is my own prison. I'm frozen in time.
She wants to do the wobble at the reception....gotta get my camcorder ready cause she has NO rhythm at all!!!
is there a synonym for didn't?
There have been more perfect games thrown (21) than there have been 4 HR games hit (16)
In which I shamelessly (and somewhat incorrectly) use the term "human obsolescence" go.usa.gov/nn3
now that my friend I dont have the time for lol
just discovered his home servers are on a gfci circuit. oops.
great catch at the end for the win!!!
I'm convinced no one from my generation uses a flat sheet on their bed. Idea: flat-sheet-not-included sheet sets. Costs less. Less waste.
Home for the holidays! Enjoy it, dude!
sounds good.
We appreciate you! RT : I see we have a new follower who is a great supporter of our company & our artist
look before you leap.... You might SMASH!! a frog.... lol
Okay, awesome night, lots of photos to come, but that bike ain't going to ride itself in the morning...... g'night! <3
Somethin gives me the feeling Sarah Phillips wears underwear with dickholes in em.
my last day of classes is June 12th then I have to take regents -__-
Journalists Who Stare At Goats?
“The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.”
#thingsthatpissmeoff iPhone freezes, when u only have one button it needs to work
NFL Mock Draft 2012: Chicago Bears Get Defensive Help With Michael Brockers - SB Nation
check out (myspace.com/poemaofficial) they will be playing warped tour this summer @ the girlzgarage tent!
SHUT UP THEY JUST WON HOLLLLLAAAAAA
BOTDF Tonight At The Social Who The Fuck Else Is Going.?!?!?!
I always bet on the dark dark horse for at least one bet you never know!
Today is just a werid day
Never to early to make plans for fun Get your Napa On!
now im lost
Happy Mother's Day, mine isn't on Twitter though.
Send in your ?s for the Young Arabs panel at #fosiQ re gaming, Arabic content, addiction, etc
It's hard to make a program foolproof because fools are so ingenious. ~ Anon
they are of course.
Hopefully you're enjoying your holiday break! Just wanted to wish you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving...from the team :)
When he says he wants to axe you something, he is not speaking in slang. He is
One of the bigger things keeping my from the Burn.
Hoping for a decent night's sleep before our big appearance on with at 7am. See you then!
simply does not work. You do an excellent job illustrating this.
Still have not seen or met a single turk in dc.
Thank u. I moved from Alabama. What about you?
...it's the transforming power of the city. You up for chatting via "claudio's" by the bridge.
you're coming back to New York?! Can't wait! #party :)
War Room Brigade!
sad. i hate breaks. RT : Last new episode for a couple weeks- TONIGHT. The return of Todd Packer! Should be a non- PC riot.
<3 RT : just got my #weddingdress today :D and its #pretty..yeaahhhh!! so excited to wear it...
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Tortilla and Cauliflower. Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Super busy day today, no time to tweet.
Don't tell that to Habermas!
we aim to please! Thank you for the kind words!
do you drink vodka with your grandparents and talk about girls? i do.
RT": Can't wait to get home and knock the fuck out!!!!!!!!"
So many tweets about food...It's making me hungry.
We'd definitely shift in the overhead compartment. Mainly due to flagging down the flight attendant for a drink.
I woke up cuz I had to pee && now idk why im tweeting.-. bahaha
Alex Gonzalez is a Brewer? Why does that not feel like something to talk about?
Enjoying Mark Lowe's Understanding Court Records, its a hands on workshop. We are working!
RT : ladies and gentlemen, today's demo day conversation will be under the #GLdemoday please love it and use it:)
Dang! and the proper response would have been "Thanks."
I know My Mom was a Floridian! Parents had a little beach house there! I miss it!
Getting ready for NAPEO in September. Link your Social Media and get listed.
How a guy is supposed to get 500 people without causing alarm is beyond me
That awkward moment when you think someones waving at you but they aren't.
3 Finalists Named in Dodgers Bidding
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.
I could only hear the bratty 2 year old. Not sure if the mom was around. Regardless, don't take a kid like that to a restaurant
Today thank you for today
“: A #Libra will love you & love you, until you give them a reason not to, then love you some more still but from a distance
RT : Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude, and a lady with class.
The Rabid Vehicle is en route to Kansas!
All of these comments will be available to students in the fall prior to course selection. So there's that!
Calling all #TCOT love to ehar from you so I can follow.
the funk you up dj team is throwin down @ striker lanes in oak park il.
Sometimes, the outlook rules I set outsmart me
A5: She's selling soft drinks. The brand is facing heavy competition from the other category leader. Same demos.
I love u
"can I take a quickure" nervous kg to Jeff Garlin in the elevator at the ritz
If i catch you skypin we gonna be figjtin Got this blade off in my purse and your face I will be slicing
O! Lmao! ROTF! U uh fool for that
How to Find the Right Style of Yoga for You //lifehacker.com/5803333/how-to-find-the-right-style-of-yoga-for-you
Done! www.eggfast.com www.eggfast.com/franchise
BUT, WHY?! :/ JUST LETTME
Went to bed early because I was acting like I was Cotto and lost the fight. Was so upset..
bro I'm down I know a bunch of good ones man! Take an east TX to ARK tour
soo true I love it!!!! I wanna milkshake now! Just hearing her name!
Ha ha halarious! I'm talking about Video Stop the movie that premiered to a packed house tonight @ the IMAX.
Watching saddle bronc riding at the St. Paul rodeo with a new cowgirl hat and boots and corn dog in hand. Happy Bday America! #4thofjuly ...
Too bad!
RT: I'm gonna be at the FYE on Randolph St. for an Unexpected Arrival cd signing! Gonna be a dope day in Chicago tomorrow..
ok good! Never like to hear about someone going to a hospital at this time of night, never a good thing! :(
Just think: if the #Saints had beaten the Rams, they would have hosted this game and surely be moving on. Ouch.
Still to be announced: two more films and our panelists.
Get Rock Hard Abs with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Follow the Number Boxing News and Updates on the Web
Open Saturday 9 to 4. Box Lunch Delivery Free everyday for 3 or more people!
#NowPlaying Girl - The Beatles
Don't get in my lane you'll get ran down I promise you
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com####
Pamper yourself in Palm Springs! Studio M Salon and Spa offering 20% off your first visit!
Who else is going to the OF concert tonight?
#Kman's favorite Pandora channel is LMFAO. What does this mean?
#nowplaying Body 2 Body- Ace Hood Ft. Chris Brown
Wish I knew who doused me back. Was right down my shirt.
SO WELL, to prove that in a broadcast live session gig she did for Capital FM here in London.
can u post it now cause I want to no if I got the part?!?
RT #CorporateGreed and the attack on good jobs is out of control.
can I get a pair too?
I'm about to watch the Whole First Season of #BigTimeRush and Then Watch #bigtimemovie! Thats how much a fan i am of Big Time Rush!:D
Hi #libchat, I'm Christian, library associate (public lib), LIS student, and intern (health sciences lib). From MD.
3.25 a gallon in Dearborn: Telegraph between Ford and Warren! Being excited about this reminds me that 2 years ago I'd be weeping at same.
on way to sfjazz collective gig in ny at jazz standard. great shows last night! tonight -- saturday, ny, crazy fans -- can't wait!
Awful, Corey. Awful.
Well, I deleted your message, so the answer is probably "No."
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms OF engineers and all the moms who ARE engineers. There wouldn't be engineers without you.
yeah your tweets are boring haha jk but yeah I got a waterproof iPhone case now so I gotta tweet about it haha
pee on u
opening the finest bottle of champagne that an office party white elephant gift exchange can provide
He sure does!
I bought a bunch of brushes and nail polish because everyone makes it seem SO easy, but it's NOT! Yes, :) hr please! U choose
Hey Neen....... why I don't never hear from you no mo ????
I don't worry about shit cus I really don't care about nothing. #That'sMyAttitude
Yes they do actually have one here in Dallas!! :) 13350 Dallas Parkway Dallas, TX 75240
yet another reason you rock - part of the proud anti-sandal brigade.
Gotta start watchin what i tweet!
MENTION ME IF YOUR TEAM ARISON!!! ;) so I know you would approve of me and madison dating, ya know if it ever happens #neversaynever lol
Apparently there's a football game tonight...
haha. It's okay she seems really cool. 😃👍👍
Calling someone pooballs and them not getting it
My boyfriend & I need help.
threadless has that but its a sticker
Great to hear from you. Hope all is well. Not racing for us just yet but the pros are off and running. March/April for us.
American Idiot at the Opera House was a blast last night.
I'd let Artest have that shot all night. All series really.
He did so well last night. Love his singing and his character! Seems like a true artist.
#2 looks great!
and better than the best?
Naked on the bed
So glad you enjoy your time there! Have you taken the tour?
I like your Avi kid.
I am who I am...aint no changing me now.
my biggest fear is the dentist, does anyone have a big fear?
Dying to know how "Gimme That Hat" is accomplished. Twitpic me?
Good news about being awake right now in U.S., awesome tennis to watch live while feeding Ava.
Thanks for the retweets about
Clustering is a way to identify patterns in the absence of student self-declarations about intended program of study.
A perfect method of adding drama to life is to wait until the deadline looms large. ~ Alyce P. Cornyn-Selby
I know I knew you would looks like you came out of Being in denial.
WATCH ME BEEF IT UP... AYE TO CRUNK RITE NOW
getting shit done!
Hospital bound
I need to go eat .. havent ate anything yet
I know, baby! You are awesome!
Wow... is opening up soon!?
Happy Happy Birthday!
This game has the worst umping!! cc:
Coach, has the NCAA officially announced this?
i wouldnt have wasted my entire day watching NFL had i known they would end on two bone headed mistakes....
staying in town this year for that reason alone!
so disappointed for Bilbao on the night. Madrid was class.
Aha yes I am. :] For now. xP DUDE I HAVE NO CLUE. LIKE, I GUESS MY BROTHER? Idk :/ Aha. </3.
=O OMG!! he said "Shawty" OMG *faints* i love itt
Text me zoeys number if u still have it :D morning .
answered! thanks for the heads up.
Where The Clipper/Cp3 Fans
im better so much better noww ♫ ♫ ♪ ♪ ♩
#OSA is how i roll
The Power of positive thoughts.
Ron Paul just advocated to eliminate the income tax (16th amendment) followed it up by challenging others to a bike race.
Who?? I mean you don't have to tell, but you can always DM me. I have NO idea who hacked me :( ♥ ♥Bretana♥
Why are all the boys from 1D beautiful?
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Cotton Tale Designs Lizzie Musical Mobile
Hooked on iPhone Solitaire. My life is over.
I just feel bad for Cody
Hope everyone had a lovely Christmas :)
Good game but Cotto put up a good fight
designing #danceriddims trying to fix the login
nice fact. Knowledge is power. Useless or not.
The Chocolate Dominoes are still on clearance at Williams Sonoma. Divine handcrafted bites melt in your mouth. Ordering more for V-day!
Nvm my dad said I can't get rid of them..
I think the word you are looking for is false profit?
Great relat between Tabata and Walker there for that tag out!
Thanks for the @!
nothing im mad tired lol
Anyone had luck updating a Harmony900 remote via Lion? Contacted their support & no response.
do you know that song? It's so old! Haha
RT : When being line leader was the coolest job ever...
hey girl,! Wanna do me a favor,?
I just finished my last #libraryschool assignment of the semester. One more semester to go!
Close your eyes and see the beauty...
Phrase of the day "Icing on the sh*t cake"
If dirks Jersey moves its a foul smh
I agree!
I also play good and lose daily. Does that qualify me to also be a "poker legend?"
I likes th square one best, personally
Can't keep my eyes open any longer. But if the Brewers blow this in the 9th, I don't want to see it anyways.
Folding up some nautical charts. Sailing Adventure ahead.
boy howdy!
Because so many people went to our benefit at Pinkberry on Sunday we raised over $180 and now our team has enough to bike against MS!
Today is the day of spiders (killed another that was creeping around my desk).
"Great acts are made up of small deeds." Lao Tzu
In a far off land a courageous band of freedom fighters are standing up to a repressive regime. But enough about Wisconsin...
You guys are doing great stuff with the interviews, keep it up!
Salli is an underated beauty! No disrespect to her hubbie, playa stay focused!
How much time did you spend playing with your #dog or #cat this weekend?
Sleeping, best way to pass the time <3
I think bringing Gibby is a brilliant idea=) just saying. haha
NYT A1 sty on poverty bookended by ad for $10K watch and photo of $$$ designer dresses.
Oh it scares me too! Sigh. Eventually i'll stop being such a baby about it: )
thanks for helping spread the word! :)
It is true I swim in a perpetual sea of #sex but the actual excursions are fairly limited
My daddy & brother just left. Came to visit me & Gia.
#AdmitIt when you were younger you would take showers and when the water ran down your arms you thought you were a fucking water bender!!!
Our latest episode is about Swordplay movies, including Gladiator, 13 Assassins and Hanzo the Razor. What's your favorite swordplay film?
Up and at em'!
Hey Dan!
Be one of the first to stay in a new Disney Story Room at Disney's Art of Animation Resort. Contact us for your free quote:...
As advertised at a coffee stand "No pastries, just pasties!" how classy.
That Blog is Super Duper!!!
Lots of screaming and profanity directed at my television right now.
IOWA STRAWPOLL WILL DETERMINE NEXT PRESIDENT
pretty sure it's an A-. You Did some good work this semester.
FOLLOWING SOME FOLLOWERS OF
im in the mood 4 tacos to bad i cant eat some lol
“: My husband gabs on the phone like a 12-year-old girl. #gossip”mine too...hilarious/annoying
that's what's up, I hear you on the $$$ tip.
Chillin watching ghost adventures
Already feeling a little wistful about the end of 30 ROCK.
Gabi and I have been questing for the best pumpkin ale. Might this be a contender?
Lame game, ducks got jobbed by bad refs!
Late nights. Early mornings <
I'm such a sweet heart n I'm keeping it like that 
With the little sleep I've been getting you'd think I had a newborn. Nope, just a sick dog and a neurotic cat.
Why are stripclubs so pretty lol.
I want to be your first,last and everything or nothing at all....
he is so amazing:)
#Brazilsaysvashappenin ... and Alexis say POTATO
I got rank fool
if someone claimed them, would it not still be just as bad? Lol.. Either way it's still shit!
We are only 32 followers away from 200! We'll start giving away prizes once we hit 200! Who is going to participate?
Looking forward to a quiet travel sched for a while...focusing on planning a wedding, writing, spending time w/ friends & fam!
interesting pov... Thanks... So much to unpack with Tebow football, religion, and media...
Thanks sweetie! Your the best!
Okay no more requests. I am live, warming up on ZenLive.tv -- I want to hear you sick fucks calling in tonight when the show starts @ 9!
Dam shit getting crazy out here niggas using pocket cameras to shoot #videos lol
Given the gloom outside, it's a perfect day to lie on the couch and watch tv. Enjoy it while you can!
So birds, bees, and now tree frogs... never a dull moment :)))
#IHateToBreakItToYou but you're the creator of your reality. So, stop blaming others n take control of ur mind. Become a conscious creator
omg that is so good!! i love it you r a really good singer!! ;D
Long day of location scouting for #webseries yesterday for Cigarette Cinemas. Pictures to come! Some great spots to shoot!
When's the next LA art fair of note - getting withdrawal in SoCal when hearing of big NYC #armoryshow & sales!
they'd be horrible porn angels if they didn't.
One more time... Happiest of ageless birthdays to the amazing ! I simply adore you
BYOB? That's genius, haha! This party is going to be a hoot! (:
Only I can stop the rain
Dog sitting at mom's, missin MY dog
spring break is here! Next couple days to focus on a presentation at Mac Tech Conference and some other major projects (i.e, MA Thesis)
Teenage girls, hell. The "couldn't shut up" champions in my theater were a couple of middle-aged dudes over my left shoulder.
i just really dont trust him haha.
Opened LONG $NZDUSD @ .74968; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 74% SHORT
haha and even he's got issues! Lol but at least he earns his friggin paycheck!
#Characters on my line.lol
Save money, and print with us.... Contact us today for more info and pricing.
what's good jay davis what's miller street studio adress,this is for your cameo for the shots fired video for this saturday.
what scripture would help me through temptation??
would like to help you with your project. I saw a completion date for 2011...are you still working on this?
Well, he was playing pretty darn deep, but still, argh
Walmart Introduces Top Quality USDA Choice Steaks Just in Time for Summer Grilling Season
i knew that... yeah! haha :) Hows the weather right now?
probably wont play but its good to know if we do, we can pick a decent qb lol
Thanks for the #FF Spencer!
Happy Birthday - I can't wait to celebrate with you tomorrow night! It's going to be wigtastic!
Mine will be. Tattoo + nose pierced + moving out + FREEDOM
Damn it, Mako!
misery/rejection loves company! #neverforget why we joined this field, do your best everyday to serve others.
okay upstair's neighbor: Cee Lo Green's F*CK YOU is a good song, but not 30 times in a row good.
RT if you love & support & will always love & support him (:
Just took an online survey for free sandwich. Mainly b/c customer service is ALWAYS above average. Great training! Thanks.
haha go to hell...oh wait u are.
Bye Bye Birdie callbacks today, then Camille's wedding! Busy, but I'll put on a happy face!
Good morning twitter peoples! and the people that im following!
is that near the summit? I might need to have oxygen choppered in by that point
aw have fun!!!
just found On Omegle ! Go Follow Her!
Btw, if you ever see Popcorn Indiana at Wal-Mart, get it, it rules.
Yo man...I got something for you in a few weeks bro.
Right back at ya brother!!!
Betsey Johnson filed for bankruptcy /: what a sad day. at least her stuff is going to be really cheap :D
It would be cool if Starbucks & subway delievered tht way u could get 2 things u crave haha
knowing what you want
Solving a math problem when you first wake up will always put you in a grumpy mood... And I had to solve ten to undo my alarm. Joy.
Love this response from the team: "Somebody needs to tell Senator Santorum this isn't golf. Having a lower score isn't better."
You guys should see the iphone case me and kenzie got . Hes gonna love it. :)
Please. For the sake of all Directioners, let the rumors about Harry and Taylor be false.
delectable eats and Caribbean beats
Local TV media at #CU420 almost complete; News4 Denver just arrived. Morning show coverage won't have a lot to show yet.
You can't say you're a pacer fan if you ride lebrons nuts bad enough to want him to beat your team.. that's so ass backwards
It's just one of those days... Sigh
nothing else to do so im facebook creepin'
Beth Perlman, former Constellation Energy CIO, will kick off the HBT IT Manager Training and Mentoring Program at an open workshop on May 5!
RT“ HAPPY MOTHER 'S DAY” THANK U
. Armato says make case individually to unis that you are part of their research mission. Press become part of campus life
Have a networking event coming up? Post it here.
Not the prettiest game, but it should seal a 1 seed for us. Go Orange!
it's serious stuff :)
what's up then, lol jk
Thanks for the follow Nicole! We'll be sure to fill you in next time we've got an event on the East End.
My back hurts....from dancing.
Gonzalo Higuain might make some people pretty happy
I need to chill out.
I love offensive stuff and the French. Oh wait, I'm being redundant.
Prepping for (Heavy Influence Trilogy) webisodes meeting at Raleigh Studios.
Matt Flynn to Seattle and the acquisitions by the Rams will make for an interesting NFC West Division this year.
Everyone thinks they can do better
Nothing really. These were two strong DFL seats that went heavily for the DFL. No surprises either way, both DFL candidates...
ur a child grow up lmao
oh yes! And if they ever learn how to use twitter I'm sure I'll win daughter in law of the year.
It's gonna get, it's gonna get, its gonna get louder
Oh YUM! I love crepes! RT : A1 #Foodiechats crepe delivery in NYC!
thanks rach u Betta b at my birthday party!!!😜
Could have died 30 seconds ago...
it's a new animated show 'bout a burger joint -> flights of the concords meets awesome! you can watch it on hulu~
Oh man, after working on a bunch of PC's in the past week, each one with some form of virus/malware contamination… garbage.
hey, I finally found you on twitter. Didn't see you at "Like Crazy" tonight. I went to "Mumbai Diaries" afterward
Try to see "Newsies" you'll love it.
I will see you soon and I better get hook up with some breakfast lol
Brewers in first place. Will it last?
Raspberries and blueberries from #stultsfarm + #wegmans vanilla yogurt = red white & blue smoothie yum! Happy 4th!
A case of butt-dialing at its best. is live with more on how a phone call led police to two criminals!
www.Shastic.com is for #artists and #venues to promote #events! Join our beta program and try all of our services! DM us!
Artful Watcher: Don't miss Beauty & Bounty: American Art in an Age of of Exploration @ Seattle Art Museum. Ends 9/11/11
There is nothing in this world more depressing than UKs spring game
For the 2nd day in a row, I've seen a Bald Eagle sitting in the same dead tree, just on the edge of town. So awesome.
#RANDOM #COD #MW2 advice.......try scavenger with claymores....see how much fun that can turn out to be...LOL
Been Zooted since first yawn... Wats going on today world?
They keep playing Party Rock at Chuck E Cheese. I really want to go shuffle!!!
lol, thanks. and i'm not rude! someone threw your post-it away in lunch detention , ahah.
Walking the paper route in The rain...
Slept on my neck wrong last night now I can't whip my hair today..dang
ur so mean u never tweet me back !!!!! Uggggg
5 more "likes" to hit 500! Help us get there today...suggest us to your friends!
Good Luck!
only TWO days to get your early bird registration rates for the JPA 5k! Register now at www.juvenile.org Pls RT!
We've expanded to the #Charlotte NC market. If you're in #Charlotte please let us know!
good night what time is it over there
Time: Heals and Reveals.
i smoke nuthn but loud packs
that's bad, that's bad.
I don't like Rush, but don't understand the uproar. Isn't he just another radio side show act? Did all of you boycott Dan Savage too?
I Love It When She Talk Crazy , That Dick Make Her All Crazy !
doing some practice on 5D.. Expecting for better output...:-))
They have till Monday but everybody wants to get this over by Thursday
You have to on typewriters because the type is fixed width.
the credits though. Thats all i am saying, no spoilers here! We are relaxing for the weekend, and then is back at it. Playable material
Wow was arrested on weed charges held with no bond!! Really NO BOND!!!!
NOW HIRING promoters for Miami's hottest venues!! DM for details...
Well good news abounds. We are no longer in the land of the unemployed....
Hello Clara nice to follow you on twitter. James "Jerry" Thomas
I actually don't have any work due tomorrow even if I did it's not like I was gonna do it
It's lunch time at the ! Come out for our new sweet & light salads &, for the guys, our $9 sirloin sliders!
I sent you it on YouTube
I can be such a bitch.
good thing I've ran 1 table all night. Wishing I was with you!!
“: s/o to always a humble soul. #salute n #respect”
No school for me
Just booked a wedding video for May at #knoxvillezoo. Here's hoping the couple works a tiger into the ceremony.
Thanks to my "Party Rock Rule" I've listened to Party Rock Anthem over a dozen times on my iPhone. It's a jam every time.
I knew her intentions now i proved them
Our website is back up and running! Thanks for all your patience :)
Yep. It was the nurse word that did it for me.
feeling great, heading to the gym 💪😁 &you? coffee ☕supply good?
she is in the air lol. She is on her way to France
RIP James Normile paddle out Sandbridge Beach
I'm lactose intolerant so for me, bad decision. You, mildly questionable....Jk :-)
"The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money." Thomas Jefferson
#Mets Santana owns #Rockies. He's held them scoreless over all 20 innings he's faced them. Rox have one hit through 4 innings today.
I follow back, may not be the same day but i get around ...relax
“: Sanchez is you have a scared kid who should be mature but still throws 4 TD passes. It's a maddening enigma. agreed!
Blodwyns date of birth! Weeting like it's 1999!
I'm fairly certain I could take Davey Johnson in a knife fight.
Just heard moves like jagger and made me think of
LOB CITY.
I follow back like a boss
your new address is 6502 Odana Road and Potomac Lane
"I hope you didn't jeopardize the story just to come here & tell me that." "I love you more than any story."
Thanks for sharing. Have a succesful day! Samuel
March is looking pretty good. Mad Men and Community are coming back! Can never have too much
We are wrapping up some great projects! Check-in and checkout whats cookin!
There will never be a best friend like
Not too surprising to see Apple jump into txt books. They walk this fine line w/ iBooks, Cards & more. But a very delicate balance for sure.
Feel better Dan!!!
Absolutely LOVING #Smash Music via the website or YouTube! The original songs & remakes are so catchy.
on our site it's all static. not sure whether making this dynamic would clarify or worsen the issue...
KG and ray allen are phenomenal
alas some teachers are still think that way about wikipedia
oh where at?
Chili cheese fritos and one big glass of chocolate milk.. Here I come! c;
RT : Celebrate Mother’s Day this weekend at BJ’s! Treat Mom to one of our new specialty drinks and BJ’s Famous Pizookie®!
Nice, looking forward to the review.
Tomorrow! Help Rice GSA raise funds for Relay For Life. Buy GSA t-shirts, bubble tea or stickers from the GSA Lounge from 3-5pm
Took my dog to the vet and he tried to make a run for it. There is nothing funnier than a dog on the loose in a public place! xo
Last year, finals made me puke. Round 2?
Animal name drinking game is on.
Have a great day. Keep studying hard. Romeos rock.
ugh my throat kills so my mom called me out of B-block thanks bbg ((~:
So blessed to have a Love of all loves!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pinkberry - Dessert (live updates)
Do you accept product submissions?
At north naples country club with my good friends jerry n sherri beauchamp
i just laughed so hard at 's video. i'll be picturing that while i'm watching you at bamboozle... thanks.
kinda obsessed with researching everything in life. some ppl say i have shopping probs, but idts. i just research and determine I NEED.
I think u did a WONDERFUL job !!! :-)
I need chocolate
That's why it needs to just be legalized
“ #Pisces is drawn by #Gemini's wit and communicativeness, and #Gemini is fascinated by #Pisces's mystery”
well frankly dear i don't give a damn. 
used to fire people like the guy in 'up in the air'. One of the many similarities between him & George Clooney.
Luckily I was recording. Wow -- he was fantastic. And that jacket was spectacular too!
_Silicon Date_ If I look at my / ipad when you talk to me / don't think I'm not yours.
I'm glad the two of them were able to laugh off such embarrasing moments.. shows true character
There's nothing like setting the bar really low, then celebrating when you pass it.
No doubt in my mind - tonight was the greatest sports moment I will ever experience. I would wash Dirk's feet with my tears of joy.
Stomachache and headache today. Slept them off, pretty much. Maybe I can be productive tonight.
We are using "PR" as a shortcut for telling people what we are doing, announcement style, right?.
Darn again mine is 150x150 I can resize it quickly?
THE MOTHERFUCKER WITH THE HAT is simple and strong in it's direction. Great play, solid cast! See it! YUL VAZQUEZ is a pleasure to witness!
Jon Kyl is looking for a factual statement #notintendedtobeafactualstatement"
Can't wait to watch on X Factor! Mostly just watching for her.
wat up sexy
Has been posted on Facebook, and will be Advertised EVERYWHERE, SOON
Alexandria's raises $42K for Madison Annex project thru Spring2ACTion. $210K needed for buildout and move.
Hshxudjeje. I'm bored.
Reggae at its best! #VintageReggaeWinterFest in Miramar, Florida this February 19th!!
Just taught a class to a bunch of lawyers. It went surprisingly well, thankfully.
true true, i feel for them in a way, i looked through some primary pictures and then like now people have changed so much!
Facebook this, Facebook that. Mehh.
Is that a confirmed account? If so, hilarious.
thanks for the following)
thanks dear!
Miami Income Tax Professionals
Lena Horne sang the MESS out of Believe!!! Just WONDERFUL!!
#TheVoice is almost done and there have been some great performances! "RT" if you will be tuning in on May 8th for the
100 years old! and dont worry "the enemy" hasnt been lookin so good... i still love my red sox though :)
i love #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE and you so much ah u changed my life forever in an awesome way. please rt!
looking beautiful I just kissed u from my phone now my phone bill will be decrease lmao ;)
Teens - need something to do this summer?? Sign up for Mosaics, Comic Art, Drama Troupe and Sewing classes - yst.org
Just woke up...time to get my game face on
Shifman: Beatings and rapes are daily occurrences for children who are being prostituted. Same kids are escaping violence at home.
This is absolutely what I was going last night.
Really missing you today buddy. Hope climbing is a blast!
Alrighty then,slap the cuffs on him!
RT : Prospective customers will always tell you what they'll buy & on what terms...if you just listen.
Fuck a duck lip pic. Girl SMILE !
My Baby Finally Sleep
Really? I'm going to google that. If so, good. Maybe that'll clean it up. It's really annoying.
oh ok cool me to bored ready to go to work
I hate New Hampshire
Beads galore--celebrating Mardi Gras in the Gaslamp tonight.
Josh Benson's News Ramble | A Stroll Through a Newsman's Life ...
Oof, TONS! Thanks, Justin! RT : Anyone else following the #libmade twitter chat seeing some twitter spam? Don't click!
Emerald Bay Equity should rethink as a tenant on Queen Anne. July 15 will be a sad day.
Sun, Mon, & Tues our board certified physician will be authorizing patients who qualify & providing complete care, e.g. BP meds, etc.
“: Welcome to the world of #Pisces and their multitude of personalities on any given day...”
I'm great! How are you? :) Xo
Is anybody? We're sort of in a dry spell here...
oh i wanna see it! and im jailbreaking my ipod D:
follow me and ill follow back :D
could be worse.
#RelocateTheCoyotes <<<--- Get it trending!
Lmbo!!! I don't blame you homie!! RT : A spider 6 inches from ya face removes all the gangsta from ya body lol
I wanna start my life over.
lets do something good waiting for who
camping it up tonight in Momon, Indiana! Ahead of schedule!
Have you heard Mobley?
yeah...just read the quotes by my students. That's all I really contribute to twitter. That and theater related topics.
what player in draft would I be excited to play with? any name but anthony davis!
First off... Good morning nd stay blessed
I need to watch bama lsu w you and john
There is no such thing as justice--in or out of court.
My Bus Cum Late EveryDay !
nothing bothers me more than sales blast emails - when it's so obvious my name & company have just been copied into a template.
Can you please explain how Columbus, OH, is in the home TV territory? What network?
What's going to happen to Greys if everyone's leaving?
I always work better under pressure, or maybe that's just my excuse for procrastination.
show TONIGHT at iota! I'll be there! 9pm! yippie!
thank you<3
what a wonderful cause... happy to follow!
GONNA PARTY TONIGHT. ITS FRIDAY
someday again when I see again I'm gonna give her a huge hug because I still remember the day in the library 9th grade year !
You go Sherri Shepherd.
If men are disciplined and contented, old age is [only] somewhat laborious-Republic 329d, Plato
After 15 minutes I wanted to marry her, & after half an hour I completely gave up idea of stealing her purse.- movie Take the Money&Run -hah
A London based hedge fund is launching a million dollar venture. That makes investment decisions based on a 100 million daily tweets.
If you say you're my friend and give me the runaround about membership, you are not my friend and I hate you.
Hope my bay feels better. With them red ass eyes..
I have so many scenarios about how they made this video, its ridiculous.
haha truth. I love my Delta Sky Lounge in Atlanta, so fancy.
Of course, that was my point. If GS mistreats their clients, they should go elsewhere or stop trying to beat markets—you can't
warner bros licensing so convoluted it will be a long while before we see that.
Today is May 16th .. so, today in a month is the concert in #Berlin .. I'm so excited! :D
Sorry Bro, butt hurt that I didnt get a callback. I S-A-N- Double G'd my audition 2day. They chose kids who had never sang B4
I think they should rename it Z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-zyrtec. I am just now getting out of my all day drowsy haze.
this nigga paris better have my money tomorrow cause his ass know he can't hold ryone' ...
great can do attitude from Gen Manager Gardendale, Al. Awesome dining experience!!
": I just watched your "You & I" cover. I loved it! You're really talented." thanks! :)
/ - Just saw 's tweet about your new Chicago office. Great to hear! I assume Boston is next...
dont be, at least u making money
When I was watching the interview i was like, "who tf are code 5?" I still don't know who they are. Judge me.
Great to have join the team today! More formal announcement forthcoming.
^ Perfectly Paired Puns As Valentine’s Day approached, I tried to think of an unusual gift for my husband. When I discovered that his...
No Super Bowl rematch
how can be apart of Brazil's Pride? It is one of my dreams to come and perform tell me how or if it's Possible?
I am in incredible shape.
Speaking of which.... it's way past 5 o'clock here in ET. I'm finally reading the Hunger Games and I think it's calling to me.
Develop an attitude today that flows from your own vision of what you want your life to be.
Happy Birthday ! And now, I'll go to Facebook and make it official ;^)
RT if you love
RT Don’t chase people. You’ll grow tired and they’ll keep running. Games are for children.
I do mixing and mastering hmu if you need anything
S Janikowski's brother? RT VTech's kicker was charged in armed break-in at basketball player's house, reportedly involving drugs
Emotional bitches!!!
that or cut back on the vino :)
Obviously you can change the location but when it's set to Pittsburgh #pennhillslies is trending
would be proud of me. I'm working remotely at on my iPad. So techy!
Current TV should thank you now for all the press they are getting! Hope you land another gig soon buddy!
Getting it!
yeah, I'm in Alabama for wedding so I couldn't get it out. It'll come out April 6th
With out of the studio today, I got to browse the - (my favorite!)
Good morning everyone
Stagletii RT : I'll be back n August , we gotta make us a song lol
oh. How did u go last year tho?
Yes, presenting. I've never been to Ireland so I'm especially excited.
Damn you are good
Hey guys keep on voting for Best pop artist ! <3
I'm good thanks just getting ready for bed
Staying busy! Rehearsal tonight. Working on new material for our show on the 27th.
Lol.!(: The beach's an hour away...?(: And there's a big ass mall with three floors.? :D So Houston has its perks(x
congrats! how exciting!
A bestfriend will notice when you're upset when everyone else thinks you're absolutely fine .
because I'm sure as hell a Turkey Breast Footlong isn't a $5 footlong
Today is All Souls Day! "A home without books is a body without a soul."---Marcus Tullius Cicero. Do something nice for your soul - smile!
le Carre's 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.' Deliciously complex, what a thriller by Henry James might have looked like
This weeks mission is to reach 1,000 ppl and help them acquire their much needed medicine. Help us help others!
Talk about a bad hair day! #toosassoon?
Publication "bean counting" is obstacle to new publication models for up-&-coming scientists
#BroadwayBar tonight...$1 margaritas all night!!! Join me tonight...
Happy Monday Morning!
Moments like this>>>>>
How can I get an autograph?!
Just when you think you know someone, they stab you in the back and clean the knife on your shirt.
He wouldn't be the first hot shit prospect to fail miserably. He could need Tommy John surgery after a month...
for Nathan!
Happy Commencement Day, Northeastern! Graduates were all over North Station this morning.
Lacey can't get sucked into an ideology of adopting no growth policies advocated by many in the region and expect to survive as community.
Not including earned interest, of course.
"you're ugly Christina, get over it" -Nicholas -____-
When things in life are not as monetarily accessible to you as they were once before, you will do almost anything it takes to get there.
Fingers crossed. Seems odd it came down so quickly after they closed.
Mac'n'cheese with #bacon in the oven right now.
Waking up textin ...I'm bound to spell everything wrong!
Usually when I say get out of my face it means GET OUT OF MY FACE!
A special Excal Radio Network presentation this week will feature #Wheelock and Daniel #Webster basketball!! 12 pm tipfrom Chestnut Hill!!!
How could I branch out so far from what I was born to be, what I so deeply and distinctively was already once…
M... I just ate a spoonfull!!!
Wonder if she's still tryna go out ..
one tiny hand!
That fucking sucks. Is that work related to fashion? because that has happened to be few times..
At least I don't dip my peanut butter and jelly in tomato soup like you do. That's just sick and wrong.
New book-- It's Even Worse Than It Looks-- by Thomas Mann/Norm Ornstein-- offers invaluable insights. Read it!
Great ideas are coined everyday, people just need an avenue to voice their thoughts...
Yep. Chopper 10 on the way to the working fire in Clark County now.
you look more like now <3
Be memorable. Customize your communications. Differentiate yourself from every other person with the same job title.
what's difficult about being an actor? What's the hardest part?<3 Oh and te amo mucho, Ariana<333
that's what they say...but research proves women in leadership are still inherently considered inferior
good seeing you out there!
may be the kewlest person I know
I assume it's for a cardigan! Or a suit jacket. Can't go sleeveless at work - I'm no Michelle Obama, mmkay?
RT : The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face. ~ Napoleon Hill
so like who has instagram ?
"Titanic" was my "Twilight". Just sayin'.
:I bet college can be ruff! Mom & Dad said it's a lot of work. I started Puppy Preschool & I'm pooped after class! C U soon I hope!
Is #GCF And That Won't EVER Change(: 👌
Thanks for the RT!
I'm sad. I won't be going back to what was one of my favorite places. Bummer.
She deleted her Twitter. You always have
That's the idea
Red Wings win 21 in a row at home!
What cool stream, I just saved that tweet about brain surgery to my SawBoard!
For people to stop hating each other & to start using proper grammar more often. But I will settle for the former.
Well we don't want to put D&D on hold! Are you still having problems?
Nah, you didn't piss us off :P Just wondering why you're blastin us?... that's all.
Acorn Bags
RT : thanks so much for voting! #rowforfreedom /// absolutely!
yo ass lol I need my cd back!
What's good fam? How have you been?
I'm too coo to be fuckin w/ you broke hoes , they call me true religion shawty if you don't know ! ;)
On a large enough perspective, not even photons, immortal as they are, move in a straight line. They curve and bend with spacetime
How often does somebody smash things, I'm rusty.
lol. You are evil.
Go Buckeyes!
Team Follow Back,So if i followed you then follow back,gotcha girl miss call i'ma gone call her back,*TeamFollowBack*
#ds106 #4life -- What an amazing, generous, supportive, and creative community. Proud to be a part of it. Thanks to everyone!!
thanks for RT Jared. I like idea of having my own space but can do just about anything anywhere w/ iphone & laptop!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. Closed today, back open tomorrow.
HOW BAD CAN GRAHAM BE???
Got to give it to the ATL Hawks as they beat the teams they need to beat. A center would take them to the next level. Hawks 97 Bucks 92
Just heard "When We Were Young' by for the first time!!! Uplifting and so beautiful!! Can hardly wait to drive & sing along!!!😊
insulted by booze breathed woman on my bus ride home. what did i do to deserve that? she said i was rude for blocking her view. uh, crowded
Rex, thanks for connecting! Matthew
Excited for tonight’s roundtable to discuss #onlinesafety #AVGSafeKids with
RT : "Zones" are interactive playrooms that we open in Children's hospitals around the country. Denver will be our 7th....
Starting the short week off right with the new album...then its off to #Rockies spring training in AZ Thurs a.m.!
Spectacular weather? No traffic? A sweet game of basketball? Carmageddon you're more than welcome in LA anytime! LOL
Tibetan monks use a breathing technique call "Tumo" to increase their body temperature in the cold, high mountains.
LOLOLOL i had that moment a couple of times and then I ended up in philadelphia.
I want some
Home sales are up in the Metro area. What's behind the surge. Tnight @ 6:30PM on KGW.
So enjoying all the musicians and music outlets that I'm following. Books and music are the only things I've really given a damn about.
yes saturday again. It's a Edc tradition . Lol well for me & you . Lol
Follow us today and learn more about studying around the world. #France,
In the same room with Donald Trump..very heady!!
Glad you enjoyed it! What'd you have to eat?
I like apple jews, orange jews, banana jews...
it's not beer. It's hard cider. So. Yeah.
Follow us
Great meeting with and Doc Burkhardt!
Since you get an extra 24 hours this year, we feel justified in your professors giving you an extra 8-hour assignment today.
Beautiful day for a site tour! Getting ready to head out to the to look at the layout for some sporting events!
Will probably be 2014 before state economy can be considered recovered. Lockyer.
Just Did :D !
The only reason I'm sucking it up on Scamtrak is bc a madhouse in Philly (eastern shut down). Plus lucky star cut back.
tell me about it
too typical haha glad you found it just as funny as me
My friend just made out with the keyboard player from the White Rabbits.
Washington State Arbor Day--April 14th! Ceremony at Marshall Comunity Park 11am til noon in the 'Couve
It's raining 3s! Keep it up #Buckeyes!
gonna b raucous!
As much as I don't care for how his 2terms went, George W is a pretty kick ass dude
This little kid here is so adorable, omg.
Starting work, yuk
I changed my mind.
thank you. it's been rough. and I had to take 2 years off. but I'm so happy to have a year under my belt!
I found THE perfect poem for Vivian!
Do you know anyone who's dealing w/Leukemia or Lymphoma?Our Prez is running 100 miles to raise funds for
Thinking about the relationship between personal #identity and #neuroplasticity in the context of creating relevant #learning experiences.
I love him so much.. <3
Hello new followers! Hopeful you will engage w/ this project. Share, comment, write. Add to #180voices180stories. Yours is a story to tell!
75 pages left to go in Book 3. Not sure what to do with my life after that.
If I'm going to figure this thing out for reals, I need to pick a "Claire" related name. Any suggestions?
Hi Kewl One! *Waving*
Yay my friends are here visiting me in Hawaii .. Yay .. So much fun to be had .. Woo
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!! Please be safe tonight!~~~Many blessings:)
Printing them programs, boss
This morning the computer was acting totally stupid I was like OMG you can't be 4real at this stage in the game.
My favorite part! I just hate the early mornings.
thnx 4 the follow G. Chi town in dis bitch
Hope everybody caught Super Sunday this afternoon! Beautiful Day to be outside!
Strategies when program begins, First – “If legs are trembling, lean on lectern /table or shift legs.”
Windows down, country music on, flip flops, tank top, and shorts. I love my life!
Sorry, I meant a girlfriend not "girls"
Boyfriends mommy helped me make a tuna sammich (:
Well follow back then....-LOL
congrats! Very nice house.
Beezy Told Me The Realest Thing EVER Yesterday, He Said " Keith, Your Going To Have A Great High School Life ! " :D . #AllICouldDo .
I thnk jus got on to spy on my tweets..lol
Happy birthday You're the man! Can I get a RT so I can rub it in my friend's faces for life?
Imagine Tomorrow is a student driven IT conference presented to middle students.
Absolutely the biggest reason I have probably yet to invest. UGLY!
Talking bout yell bra u heard my mix tape.... Yell i heard dat hot ass garbage
Anybody else like Foster the People?
angry bird on chrome (Y).
So true. Do you use the GTD method?
by business u mean looking through your couch for change.
Wu-Tang Clan - "Can It Be All So Simple" at a time it really was....(sighs)
Shoutout to the patron who (jokingly) wanted to pay an overdue fine with old CTA transit tokens.
I don't like it when people I am fond of move away.
same here! Let's go!
Best Beastie Boys song "Brass Monkey." Can't even Tweet how that song was a part of my upbringing. RIP MCA
7th grader already asking me how to improve his chances of getting into higher classes because he finds school challenging...wow.
Dear GOD...please help us with this Economy thing...I don't mean to beg but we really need help
Whether you own single family homes, apartments, duplexes or condos, our company ensures that your property is well maintained. --RPM
turn your lights down low 🎶
Uhm, why did I just see an internet explorer ad on TV?
I think u guys will enjoy this album coming late this summer. Dropping something for the ladies early in the fall.
: Nice to meet you! I read historical bios, police procedurals, scifi and just a plain good read!
beautiful Howard and Beth. Always enjoy seeing your work.
Hey There Bear!! Funny stuff Mike!!!
I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
too much fun! jump off plane & come back!!!
you should also start refering it as expriencing "the Joe"
HA! Even if they dont win any games the intro will be fire!
Watching #TheLastSong. One of my favorite movies/books of all time :)))
yes please! I'm looming forward to it!
I love Pumped Up Kicks!
You're welcome. Check out--
I know like I said don't worry  i got you 
I HAVE OFFICIALLY MADE 44 FANS...WHAT INSTRUMENTAL DO YOU GUYS WANNA SEE ME ROCK????
They will help you find the right lawyer!
We are a great platform for exactly this type of digital campaign, particularly targeted and interactive ads.
Congrats guys!
If you're are going to change than change for the better..and don't wait bc tomorrow is never promised
Yeah, those flares can put you in the hospital. Sigh. Maybe one day a cure or better meds for it.
#813 what is your favorite movie ever?
It's interesting how they maintain their "small, idealistic company" brand while owned by Kellogg.
Misperception -> technically possible to geo-target, though not effective or as easy as generally perceived.
Given that TFA places teachers in high-needs schools is their retention = to traditionally trained teachers in these schools?
#MM Tune in today 12-2pm CST 6-8 pm BST to #music from Me will get some playtime! Thanks
i know im drunk when my mouth feels numb! lol
That is nice and all but DNC is throwing Wisconsin under the bus.
GOD IS GOOD, but Jesus is Better!
Now everytime I see the grizzlies on tv it makes me miss memphis and the fedex forum even more lol
Eating Chilli & Fries, food not good.
I always feel so fabulous at night time but then in the morning it's like self-loathing central.
Gov. John Kasich calls for an Senate Bill 5 compromise...We'll let you know what Union Leaders are saying in response---at 4 on
We just qualified somebody for a mortgage of $250,000 on a home worth $150,000 - rates under 5%!
What really?? :O but did you see him on tv? :)
Did you know-The red rocks of Sedona, AZ took millions of years of erosion to cause the formation of its majestic shapes and narrow canyons.
Up next on the TJMS: Wendy Williams!!
best friend even tho he loves his saints and is a season ticket holder
what up bruh
Is #organic #milk too much to ask for when I go to my moms house?!? #sheesh!!! Lmao
Capitol Hill Block Party is amazing this year...great weather and sweet bands...today is going to be one you're not going to want to miss
My phone's wallpaper is the rhubarb hand pies.
Missing out on Tijuana panthers tonight but it's alright ,Dodger game seems more epic Maybe I'll draw something inspired by the stadium/game
hahaha.x) I swear the last two tweets made my night #OddFutureKarla #KarlaGangOrYourJustTheFucknTardOfTheYearYouPussyAssBitch <3
Hi! Tells us more about The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete! I heard the writer is incredible and impossibly handsome.
GO 2 SLEEP!!!!!! good night love you sis!!!!
did good on out science project wooh wooh !
Thanks for your help! Yes, I've leaned on support....
we used to use 2 radios....1 to play the beat and one to record vocals. cant forget the tissue, that was our interface lol
THANKS FOR FOLLOW
Good question via " is there a point where we need to draw the line in terms of collection development policy?"
I can take this guy, no worries!
"I should either do something to develop broader insights and answer these questions or just shut up about them." - J. Bishop
Thanks!! I love Pinterest...I haven't joined yet but, I'll look for you there. Lol, I'm doing packages too- Glad I could help :)
I am so tired. #41 days
Richard Walkers down town cafe is dog friendly! I do not have a great answer for you, but that one I know!
Fixed: KENNYWOOD OPENS TODAY!!!! #notaeuphamism thanks guys ;)
“It’s important for actors to have a strong and positive social support system in their personal life.”
let us know what you thought. Thanks for supporting and giving us your time
impressive. Spain is on our list of places to visit. Will you be venturing into France or Italy?
L'Enfant, Friday is Ficelle day for you. Get excited!!
The union is crawling in children!!
My husband is assembling a changing table and I'm reading the new Eileen Myles.
Congratulations! Glad she's out in the world and doing well!
“: You can't make somebody love you. You can only stalk them and hope for the best.”<---THIS OMG.
Had a great time listening to Mr. Will play today at ! What a #gorgeous day!
i will believe it when i see you at mcdonald's--- eighth booth in the back...(wait for it...wait for it...) bwahahahahaa! lol!
Im like so glad that #Stelena is back together again<3.
Autoglasslocator.com is getting traffic from ALL over the country! When we dont have shops listed, we get the leads. Want them? 469-202-7148
im up bro . i look up to you
Congrats to your teams. However, in spite of my admiration for Trifecta, I must respectively say, "Go Butler" !!!
My head hurts. 😓
Now is the time to fix the next ten years.
Hit them in the heart.
My orating of the word nigga is at an all time low
We're just 20 followers away from a celebratory book giveaway! Stay tuned..
Dear Youtube, quit censoring our right to share. Unless Metallica is on your board of directors I don't want to hear about it.
Stormie turns 3 tomm. She is such a joy, I am so blessed. I wish that my Dad was still around to see her, maybe he's her guardian angel
I'm on my way to becomng a #sharepoint developer. I have really been enjoying building an analytic system in sharepoint.
that was embarrassing!!
#ChernobylDiaries is trending have said it out loud about 10 times already hahaha
Fuck you, stop bitching, or I will kill you #promisenotathreat 👿
5.5 magnitude earthquake felt in Mexico City
thanks girl! :)
Shout out to my haters; sorry that you couldn't phase me RS
Might hafta hit the backseat
The Knicks haven't been this good since the "sprewell" days. Plus their doing well without Melo!!!
Cudiff now kyle Williams. These have been two games ruined by two players
Congrats 2 the Ark and A&M girls 4 their wins in the 1st round! ... Can't believe they'll b playing each other. Really wish I could b there!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 6
I don't have a solution, but I do admire the problem.
“A women’s like a tea bag You never know how strong she is till she’s in hot warter”
twitter's strategy was to use twitter offline...bringing it to the real world via tweetups, etc.
Hogg : Look to automate the capture of metadata rather than depend on users to create it.
Everyone has an opinion, just be prepared to defend it
haha, 'indy celeb,' you're too funny. =) Good to catch up!
you welcome follow me :)
