Yum, apples sound delish! Fondue was complicated though. Did in slow cooker, did not fully emulsify...still troubleshooting!
Yo bull this L,A
< FOLLOW HER AND I'LL LOVE U FOREVER
I have volume V of DARE, which completes the set! :)
We're thrilled to be on a list with such esteemed company Chris! Come see us again soon.
Did you by chance use Cincy Bell's TriState Online service back in the early '90s? Your screen name seems awfully familiar.
i think i am DONE offering make-up exams.
It's raining cocaine! Winter rules.
Hi my name is fifth wheel how are you
RT : COMING SOON! – Major changes to DataInherit including new look, new name and much more. Watch this space for more updates.
#nowplaying apocalyptica I'm not Jesus
Roger that
I don't know why I insist on trying to be something I'm not. In this case, a runner.
Any time! Porn's got my number, or hit me on email:
thanks! it'll be over in a few hours in any case.
I think you mean namaste
We're approaching the $120,000 mark for funds raised for local charitites!
I will bring or send footage him crossing the finish line & we would love to share it. I'll DM my phone number!
That the Schmittian clarity of the enemy is not available is among the horrors of the morass of nature.
the boisterous voice howling wisdom, joy and love, still sounds in my ear. HAPPY BIRTHDAY POPS!
It Ain't Non Of Ya Friends Business ; )
THAT I can agree on.
specialized competence and success are all that they can imagine
I don't think meals have any business being deductible... I'm for separation of calories and corporations.
great cast, but terrible movie. Danny McBride wrote the script. He can definitely do better.
➠➠➠ Had a lot of people stop by today
babe please im sorry
To succeed in life, succeed in BEING YOURSELF! Live your own life on your terms according to your heart's deepest longings...
Dodge Dementia
In jersey for the weekend!!
hey OpsMarkets peeps, the password for the 82 Mercer wifi is admonsters2012
SUCCESS! I couldn't have done it without you, my beauties!
Aw i miss him already! :(
2. Understanding human genomic variation - Dr. Green,
I am still awake. I have planned this poorly.
Thank you Jesus for enduring my cross. Thank you for dying and rising again so that I may have hope that I do not deserve! <3
Today is National Pie Day. What flavor pie are you baking today. I'm baking a good old fashioned Cherry Pie. M.
ss you know what happened. we got a referrel and a 1 hour. FML. i told him that we mixxed up shirts ....
What are the odds #JAP gets caught on a counter? Can we get another?
OD-ing on poblano peppers tonite. Dinner = chicken & white bean chili w/ side of poblano cornbread. Recipes on Monday!
Follow back pls :)
The TASS board at the Art Institute allows excellent visitor involvement: appropriation, production and re-dissemination of media content!
wait, when are you posting it?(:
hey I am a songwriter..can I send you some records
fantastic eyebrows
OH I am signing up TONIGHT! RT : and for the record, I AM speaking at blogworld NY.
Still doing hw. >.<
Oh lmfao. It's on July 24,&31. That's what I heard.
Were having it at the Bonnet Carre Spillway 6 right outside of New Orleans! You can find out more at www.warriordash.com
girl me either! We're gonna go #cracra!!!
Smhhh . . I seriousllyyy don't understand anymore ...
I hate it when im not tired, but i am.
no problem
While I appreciate the opportunity to gain your business, not super crazy about the 4 - 5pm conf call on a Friday. #givingit110%
Shiit gonna be a long night 🎉
nothing really
The Movie " John Adams" is an absolutely amazing, patriotic and inspiring film!
I wish she would just pay attention for a little while so she would see that I'm on that with her...
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples don't count on harvesting golden delicious.
OH. MY. GOD. STOP IT.
El vino did flow ( ) best patio ever!
When my phone shuts off -_-
“: RT : you gotta bring SOMETHING to the table...and not just be there to eat #Period”
Awesome. I'm sold. /cc
i remembered my password!!! yayyyyy!! <33333
Chris Paul has been doing that a little too often lately (running into the key, jumping w/out a target to pass to, leading to turnover).
Tweeting from #Mexico! My goal is to make it through all of the drinks I get responses to this tweet with. So, what's your favorite drink?
Here it is! OVERTIME - Puck about to drop!
My mentions are like so dead ......
#FF and thanks to new followers:
Y U NO FOLLOW MEH?
What a crazy night! Very successful, but crazy nonetheless.
Welcome everyone to our first tweet chat! and I appreciate you being here. Now let's get started!
if u give me a shoutout ill give u one to :) (im desprate for more followers) im also following every directioner i see!!
how many wide open shots did duke miss tonight? Come on...this game was simply about Duke not taking care of the basics.
love this movie! Just saw that it's on and I don't care that's it's almost over
It would have looked more boss, had you kept the "Karl Strauss Brewing Company" part at the bottom. ;)
The point is that language is very powerful because it is the tool we use to express ourselves, yet the words have meaning
I told you man! Welcome. Now all we gotta do is get you strapped wit an iPhone. Lol
still cant believe this girl in my class is dating matt forte from the BEARS! ahh can you say jealous?!!?! but anyways madtown 2 DAYS :)
He may not see I'm hurt, he may not see my cries, but every time he acts that he don't care, I die.
umm I might need to block you for the feed clutter. ;-)
Whiteboard wall works like a charm now that it is plenty dry. Starting tonight it's time to really
Please help me with a special plan for my friend. She really needs this. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. #PLEASE :D
I love my Amazon Prime free 2-day shipping. Now I get free movie/TV streaming - no extra charge. Next, will the stream my purchases?
DUDE! I'm out back reeling under the effects of drink. Come say hello.
Evan Turner! But lotta basketball left.
Just got a text from the sexiest guy I know. I feel bad. I am really depressed and he just texted me to cheer me up. He is so sweet!
"I try falling out of love, but falling out of love means falling into someone else, and you were the one I tripped for."
Cocky ass bitches <<<<
Alticast Partners with Brightcove to Expand Television Outside the Living Room
Can't wait to see how many white RB's get drafted this weekend.
hahaha yw follow it's my personal account
Name above all names, worthy of our praise, my heart will sing how great is our God.
THANK YOU!:)
Wasn't me. "Between songs, u could hear a pin drop, or some dude slurping a drink." Delimag on residency.
Check out all my special tweets. All about big boob beauties. Galleries and videos.
Passed that test #winning . Now I don't have to stress over passing this course anymore !!!
thanks Kim. I appreciate all the concern. You're such a great friend. (Janelle Monae) lmao
combating #foodcoma - short hazelnut soy latte from :)
Ever had a banana waffle? They're DELICIOUS!
Guess Every Team Don't Come Complete Wit Niggas Like Ares
congratulations first, and agreed second. Reducing motherhood to a one day celebration smacks of a dismisal of sorts
Unbelievable! : BREAKING: Curtis Granderson hits his 3rd homer of the night vs. Twins. In the 4th inning.
Unbox the rubber stamp of apathy. Here's hoping there's at least a nice little tirade from Jack Young.
// Good morning! Have a great weekend everyone!
Men dont treat women right after they get some pussy cuz the challenge is over
RT For our clients currently on Wordpress, check your dashboard to see some awesome new custom features!
#this #hellyes RT : the crown isn't enough!!! must give me my own Halloween special!!! who's with me?!
Still searching for the Outliers at World Wine Meetings ,Chicago.
Getting things all situated for tonight's boot camp! It's time to take things to another level!
How did the clippers come back and win....
B Schutz next great challenge is to est. Gold OA journals and moving publishers to change subs. Models to OA.
Conquer your fears
Overheard at #SXSW RT: Openness, lack of ego and passion required to collaborate. Ego with a title is destructive.
don't quit us yet!! We are running around crazy...
I really wish I could see you in concert this summer.. but my dad says it's too much money
But seriously fuck you.
what a sweet tweet!!! I miss your face, Kansas!!!
Had a good eventful day wit my bros & KJ .. I think the sun definitely played its part
lol thought about them old single people with 10,o cats . thats sad . i hope i dont be like that .
Last night's mtg a success! Excited for 's Storytelling for UX in October - sure to prompt rich discussion!
it is
Hey, , your RSS feed link has a code error when I try to subscribe in #Chrome. It worked in #Firefox, but wanted to let you know.
do you have an in at Zella's? Someone we can chat with?
new suit I see! I need me a new one.
Watch movies!!! :D
i wouldnt go too that shithole place
fuck my life!? bett
Another day of working on the magazine, totaling 8 hours. Great job, team!
If you can't join em, beat em
I can't front, I love my Yoga pants!!! RT : RT : #FavoriteClothingBrand are yoga pants a brand.....
Can't wait for my shirt! Y'all are the shit!
Thank you beautiful!! I heart you :)
suuurrrreeeeee. You went alone didn't you?
Soul clap dance off Win a $100!
Hi Rich, it's good to connect with you on Twitter!
Chef Paul Virant of Vie to be featured on this weekend! Tune in Sat. at 11 to hear from this green gourmet!
We'll miss seeing and reading you. Best wishes for whatever is next RT : Leaving USA Today. Thanks to all
I miss the juice press
Eye love ewe!
Come on and hate hate.
This is getting more and more real.
Having a tiny adventure researching a set of color prints from 1900. Chicago Printers Row, St. Louis World's Fair... hit me up & I'll share
I hate when people try to expell gas from their mouth, it smells nasty as fuck.
Sometimes I wonder why people have their #Twitter and #Instagram private when they just accept everyone.
My socks rubbing on the inside heels of my shoes makes a little farting noise every step I take.
Nothing like a warm L.A. day to make ya smile! Happy Tuesday!
heritage, heritage, general lee, blah blah blah
On to the next project ... goddammit. Can't stop. Won't stop. Never stop.
For another family friendly comedian, check out Heywood Banks. (I liked your Brian Regan choice)
well FAM(ILY) just left peace lol Tbh my family is the loudest family the ppl nextstore said we was to loud smh lol-Tamya:P ily
I Johanna! Yes, there is a fix we're working on. Certain players need some extra TLC before they let the Video Radar tab show.
What to do? Parade? BBQ? Picnic? Park? So many choices, so much sun! Why is everyone sleeping?!?
I'm facebook messaging you the story. Sorry to make you get on Facebook.
Wait Brad's gay???
If I offered you a book would you take it and read it or look at me crazy.??
I love pacsun
RT : BE the change you wish to see in the world. ~ Gandhi ☿
Thanks , , , and us for debris removal and ground cover deliveries.
4 days out of 5 I've had my bike on the road! Love this March weather! Today yet another great day to be out on the bike!
Going swimming with camille & vanessa(:
RT Shattered Glass II. STARRING Philip Seymour Hoffman as Mike Daisey, and Ryan Gosling as Ira Glass.
Feeling some major wanderlust today. Must make our Globe Trotting Freedom Quest a reality and soon! #wouldyoulike to travel the world?
your right it probably wont. ICE AND ICY HOT AND ICE AND ICY HOT. thats all i have to say love bug
THANK YOU! I'll take all the good luck I can get!
bad home opener?
i dont know what im thinking anymore
Talking about Disney princesses on 's photo lol
Did anyone else see that terrible call in the bottom of the 9th to ruin the perfect game? Someone needs to fire that umpire!
Oh I will!
I now understand this quote. "there are no problems, only solutions." ~ John Lennon. Guess now I have to follow through with it
Almost have enough saved up for HHI<3
text me this weekend foos
Board Member Zimmer just acknowledged that "Arts education is not a privilege, but a right, for all students."
I'm sexy and I know it
I'm so glad I can actually consider Anderson an option now!
how 'bout The Dirges?
That Allstate commercial where the foreman can't rely on Randy is probably how Del Negro feels about his Randy, Randy Foye.
See how great the future of jazz is - 7 great HS and college bands perform at the emerging artist stage.
good..i miss u luv
Finishing paper for Actionable Intelligence class assessing Mexico's degree of cooperation in Drug War.
+1 RT : I never GOT the Three Stooges; always thought they were mean.
the famous Lexus
Any one else suffering with a painful knot in their chest?
if you have a Mac try Echofon.
I haven't, but it's on my list!
I'm still working from home & coffee shops but thinking about finding something a bit more permanent. Let's grab a beer soon.
should do a while acoustic CD ReTweeetttt if you agree(: RT RT
Sunny day in Portland and a soccer double header. Today is going to be a great day! I love my days off.
I don't think it works that way
I don't care about a longer walk. I care about people being inconsiderate fucks with their SUV's
yea, just hate poland
Finally Raining after weeks of drought. Nice slow drenching rain. I feel rejuvenated myself after a scorching summer.
life expectancy just drastically diminished...but hey I got a lot of thinking in
Jammin acoustic today at stoked!
thanks for the RT!!!
Fuck off mark
Looking forward to the new shows at &
In my opinion, there's no reason why you shouldn't go the full distance. A 1/2 isn't so far that it'll take a huge toll.
I do not like mackenzie she is such a dork
i got up out of bed jist to tweet yozu that.
chloe please direct msg me your xbox gamertag i want to be friends with you please tell me i will not bother you on it
where you going?
I really want to visit GA before I go to bootcamp. I have to see my dog
Wishing I could lay by a fire with someone while watching the beautiful rain.
Men are always trying to make the world better or worse while most women are content just to live in it. Howard Koch
But you don't know what you've got until its gone
I think this is the first season of idol where America has sent home the right person (except Jen Hirsh) every week. I'm impressed. :-)
I did... i've been following you for a few weeks now!!! get with it slacker
It's okay and yes.
RT Becoming a groupie “: Urging employees 2 "think outside box" If you trusted them, wouldn't be in box in 1st place”
im happy for you
Yep! I love the jersey concept one. Think I might get the away...
Join us tonight for happy hour! 89 cent oysters and 6 dollar martinis! Enjoy!
if someone is a real good friend of mine, I will go to length for them. It hurts when you find out other friends you have aren't
So this "private" elementary school looks like a college campus....wudve never known this was a school #old$$$
let us know when you have a game! We'll come cheer for you! :)
need some help?
We are so glad to hear! :)
is the new Ric Flair right? lol waiting for him to appear on
working on 2,000 USB imprinted memory sticks with advertising burned in - China here we come..
School Running 3.2 Miles today.
Both. Food and the trucks
RT : "Much as I'd like to throw my hands in the air like I just don't care, I do care. I care deeply."
everytime I die and Chelsea grin too. Memphis may fire also!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Renos Chop Shop on saturday we appreciate the support!!!!
Extra Innings AGAIN!!! My heart can't take this
What's that mean?
nothing makes me more mad then when people aren't on time.
EXACTLY, Cassie needs to tell him she loves him before she loses him!
When you lose followers, that usually means 3 things. 1. your corny 2. your tweets are wack 3. or you dont follow back!!! :p
I just watched Modern Family "Leap Day" episode #ABC and I have not laughed that hard in a long while.
Being followed by a dog while running. <
Don't forget to bring a donation to the Hope House to #CovertTU today!
Yankees game right now >>>>
you just ratted me out Jessica about getting the writing center date wrong, didn't you?
When you get scared of being happy, it means that its actually real this time
Ha, you make me laugh ....
Creator, reshape my heart, God, steady my spirit. Do not cast me aside stripped of your holy spirit
Omg i hate wearing my tight shoes cuz The fucking rain fucks up my shoes!! Ha not wearing any good shoes this whole week blahh..
baby woke to eat at 3:30 UGH, 2 year old had a dream about her dog stuffed animal attacking her at 4:30. i never got back to sleep
Listening in today's #amaaquent webinar on "Marketing to Your Customer's Brain." Interesting start.
We have some more exciting stuff coming for you all in April. Get ready to have some fun! More information coming soon!
Watching the South Park episode where Stan & Kyle build a clubhouse to play truth or dare. Totally forgot Stan's parents get divorced!
most women want that atheltic build guy with the pack and muscles i got the personality jus no the body
you guys going to make it to your Skillshare class tonight? Just seeing if the rain is going to keep you away.
My girlfriend thought Swami's (you know, the gold-toped dome place on the 101) was a rehab center. Laughing
Media ladies #FF! (looking forward to chatting tomorrow!)
Between last night on Dockett and today, you have me DYING! #stopit...nah I'm j/k keep on LOL!
Did we expect anything else lol RT : And the lose. :(
the one i retweeted
oh yes. Bil and Jessica (Sr pastor and wife) are great friends of ours.
Where do I find this bacon popcorn?
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
Just watched the film "W.E." about Wallis Simpson and The Duke of Windsor. Too bad this one fell flat with such interesting subject matter.
the contractor in my house is listening to norah jones and evita....
I'm getting so tired of this....
Gotta find a place to get my tattoo....hmm ~Devin.Anne<3
Literally seeing other's joy. Greed.
thinks it would be great if we really burped bubbles when we were drunk... just like in cartoons.
Pa pa pa party
*If you are a veteran or active duty member of our military, please ask me about the “Our Heroes Special” in honor of Jim Visser (A retired…
Miller Park with to support UWM :)
What's your name? INEEDMONEY
Sarcasm a way to insult idiots without them realizing it
": I'm sick of feeling like I'm my only friend."
Today is gonna be a good day I don dern diddly tell ya!
WHY AM I TIRED??
Haha, somewhere in there you said that. I missed you too. Always good chats. Just caught wind of interesting news.
So should I shave my sides today?! Yes or no, I need opinions.
You are amazing, Superhero! And GM (not the carmaker) really digs you! :-)
It was so nice to meet you, too! If you're down for a beer before you leave town def. let me know. :)
wen did u txt me tht?
“: It looks like iOS 5.0.1 has solved my iPhone 4s battery issues!! :-)” That is good news. Thanks!
thanks for defending Coach Cal.. So tired of everyone always saying that Cal cheats.. Where's the evidence?? Go Big Blue!!
Wow - Josh Scobee nails a 59-yarder to bury the Colts as time expires. Clutch.
Oh joy. Car battery is dead. Dead bug dead. Call A, get a tow to Les Schwab, and by a new one dead.
another great teaching. The book STUFF is a must
Now dally is dead. why am i still watching this?
Buenos Dias or shall I say Afternoon ;) That sounds nice, Gr8 music = Gr8 start to day :)
Flop hard Reggie.
Jack Frost why have you already arrived?! Glad my Halloween costume consist of a full on tuxedo!
oh yeah haha that would be good. :)
Please, as if men use them without the woman pushing the issue ": Men are missing from the birth control debate. Why aren’t we
IT'S FRI LUNCH(11am-3pm)@ THE SMILING MOOSE! Tons of Specials Today Including Tempura Shrimp Tacos & Peach-Roasted Yellow Pepper Bisque Soup
Hello my lovelies! I'm ready to give up on the company twitter and go back to mine alone. Also going to experiment with liquid latex soon!
Skillshare Philadelphia teachers are looking for teaching venues! Where would you like to attend classes? Let us know
Easy killer. Was just last summer. Or the last time I got a haircut. I'd cut it but it's people like you who love it so much.
Seussical was awesome! Good job ! :D
awesome phone.. if they do have it in definitely il buy it right away :))
Yes, well, the ones that I'm friends with/know personally. It's their choice. Let me know if you want to know anything else
Boating & Water Sports Store » Deals Garmin GPSMAP 740S Radar ...
You are here? And isn't it your birthday?! Happy thoughts!
2 hours to friday fish! 2 hours to friday fish!
FREE LADY BEAST YOU FUK BOYZ
I'm a proud capitalizer!!! I got addicted to
I'm tired of my glasses.
Happy Birthday to the best fielder I know. Can't wait to see you FRIDAY
The world would be a nicer place if everyone took a chill pill. It'd be even better if some of them choked on it.
"Fake Empire" by The National gives me a mini existential freak-out every time I hear it. Thanks Pandora #whatdoesitallmean?
well I'm thinking a dress.. I have two of these parties/ confirmations today
Post practice meal at chipolte
Terrific program on using Twitter tonite presented by the San Diego Press Club. Got me thinking about tweeting as a way to get the word out.
you can still tweet him he will see the @ reply
wish i wouldv stayed at the gifting suite to meet you, your awesome! Did you recieve a gift bag?
This is a first for me. Received galley proofs and print is too small for me to work with, at least for 100s of pages. Have you had this?
I just saw that you were in a Red state that turned blue in 2008. I am in NC which did that in 2008. So just wondering
Did you know... TODAY $350 million in disability benefits are dispersed in the US (that equals $127billion/year)The leading cause: arthritis
Doesn't Andrew Bynum look like the uncle from ATL in the face?
Remember if you guess the correct location you get $25 sent to you in the mail
This one's really one the razor's edge RT I need a list of Ian Darke's adjectives. So descriptive, rarely repetitive.
no problem (: I'm #TeamFollowBack so yeah (: plus you seem normal unlike some creeps on here :P lol
"HAI FATTO BELLA FIGURA" An Italian expression for making a positive impression & pleasing to both the eye & mind,the essence of our service
Just got a job offer, so I should be happy, but the pay is so low it's actually insulting and not worth giving up 9-6 M-F
This is why I'm single. Niggas & bitches have their priorities fucked up smh
My new favorite spurs player/athlete
Guess this week's #AfricanAmerican Notable. He was the oldest practicing attorney in #Indiana & member of the Buffalo Soldiers. Who is he?
i know! I'm so bad. I live by the philosophy "why do today what can be put off until tomorrow"...lol! At least on Sundays I do
lmao I am right now
I'll check out your site in a sec.
Off to speak on "How Video Resumes & Social Media Help You Find a Job" to the PWC Networking group in downtown Dallas.
I would love a crack at that hot little body!!!!!! Any pic of YOU is a bonus to my day!!!!
SURE! haha since i probably need help too. he's gonna be a tough one. heheh and we can creep on him.
when you get a sec just message me for an invite we have 4 people playing 6v6
PLEASSEE wish a happy birthday! :)
Black dude on survivor is clearly High. Tribal council won't vote the dope man off lol
Turning to my next thought- + conversation-provoking column. I'll rejoin the conversation on today's when I return. Thanks SD. Keep talking.
Just wanna watch some baseball
Vegetarian meatballs. Contradiction much?
If there is one thing I could teach ppl is don't fight cause once you start you can't stop and it fucks everything up
I'm going to appeal my financial aid award!
“: please play some and ” THX Patti! Happy #easter to you & the family! \m/
did he?!! Yay!! He was my favorite from day one. :)
There will come a day youth will pass away, then what will they say about me?
I'm going to need my own Red Bull-Wing-Guy...to deliver endless Red Bull & take me places. Lots of Red Bull. Lots of places.
nashville tomo nite!! the muse! we play early
Thanks for the recommendation! So glad you found our post, it was our first! We'd love to have you.
you have a lot of questions haha. hope you're having a good night out!
Hey I'm on the way w/ 's iphone. Where you at?
Adams/Morgan Farmers market in DC, Mike Tabor, Organic Farmer selling apples and cider and things that go bump in the night
love your live tweets on the r miller panel that I couldn't attend due to a conflict. Thank you & keep it up!
Its gunna hit 80 today.. I feel bad for these runners!! Hot weather!
So I saw John Travolta in the TT and looked at tweets outta curiosity. Biggest. #Fail. Ever. Eeww, it's just nasty. smh.
Deadly fire on LSD in Chi-town. Occupants out; death by fumes to tenant using elevator which didn't shut down and went to fire floor.
Karaoke w/ HILARIOUS!
well don't steal my two favorite, Roc Royal and Ray Ray..!!!!!!
Two ways to instantly get me to unfriend you on Facebook: 1. Shit head posts about how non-atheists are dumb; 2. Own an exotic pet.
I love
Free show tonight at Cass Cafe (Cass and Warren, Detroit). Oscillating Fan Club is going on shortly, we play a bit later
He proposes a contradiction. He wants capitalism, but doesn't want the imperialism that comes with it.
I think all reporters who gave Farve such a hard time after NO loss need to apologize to him, targeted and hurt during the game.
My aunts coming to ATL today! Excited to see them. :)
My snack mix is 97.8% raisins/berries, which isn't snack mix in my bk. I blame for guilty feelings re mid-day grilled cheese
“: Yeah they really do be getting over”
thanks!! :) sorry for taking to long to response <3
No, I hate using my hand for anything.
Morning Monday!
you take that back!
Hey, #neworleans - radio says power is out "uptown" - should I wait to go in to work at #Loyola #LoyolaNewOrleans ???
Very cool cloud pic. I see airplane shapes (I see airplane shapes in everything).
what is beauty? You got this! Sit down and let the randomness flow
YAY! Our Xmas card goes out today! If you were naughty sorry you won't be receiving one :( jk you probably just weren't on our mailing list
south side babe come thru!
I think there is a fcc rule somewhere about broadcasting after midnight.
Another tough loss tonight. As Staci from NY said, it's tough to win games regardless of pitching when you only have 4 hits.
no, like band name.
RT : Happy B day to our millionaire gentlemen (via )
RT Follow get the best hair care products. CELEBRITIES ARE WELCOME TO TRY. PLEASE EMAIL RACHEAL
just setup this morning
Who is the best couponer you know? (It is okay if it is yourself.)
i wasnt arguin juss bein difficult and poking fun at ya =p
I like Ra Ra Riot's Boy!
how come your check deposit feature hasn't been working for a week??
Thank you for the tasty love!
1=10 inches from the driveway. You gotta appreciate simple pleasures when it's January in Wisconsin.
& I are off for another whirlwind weekend of weddings in Key West. Hope to see some of you! xoxo
Forget a glass of champagne, the first thing I'm going to do when this baby pops out is touch my toes.
hacked you and I luhh you boo!!!(:<3
R.I.P. Donna Summer! Your music will forever live on
Beautiful weather in Dallas ready for
Why do I wait for it to look like I have 20 kids to do my laundry. ( and yes I tell ppl I have 20 kids, so they don't judge me)
At least when Portal 2 and Starcraft II launched, I could reason the love from the PC crowd.
More Notable Birthdays: Mike Oldfield, Emmitt Smith, Amy Chow.
I hate to it, but you're 100% correct. He will. He's doing his job more than well, just continues to anger fans while doing it.
looking good!
Emotional people piss me off...freaking rub some dirt in it or somethin.
what are you working with now?
you'll look great in all of them. :)
you definatley should!! we would love that.:))
Yeah. I heard he's gonna be there tomorrow though,. -_-
People and things change with time, but memories remain the same.
Whew. I'm off to bed. Rehearsals start in the morning! Super excited. I feel like a kid on Christmas Eve. LOL
modern true love: when you entrust your SO with your facebook, twitter and email passwords.
mid-late september or early october depending on weather
Ovi's playoff beard combined with his missing teeth make him look like a dirty homeless sexual predator
Thanks for the continued support! Come and have one with us...
question regarding contest... do i need to be in the picture (i promise it won't be photoshop'd) holding cam and posing is an issue
get it under control ...
Time to get a fresh cut...
That's awesome. My resume needs a much needed workout just like I do after the holidays. How were your holidays?
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! That's my jam!
are you okay?
Organize your flight pattern.
Having the greatest time with Mia Joy Candles!!!
My natural environment is to be surrounded by blacks and mexicans
Loving the new two men and a truck home office! This is one cutting edge moving organization!
Enough photoshop tonight. San Francisco photographer
nothing much. How u been?
im sorry took me so long i was on instagram but now your officially followed by
Thank you!
glad it aint just me! :)
You are not alone. I'm assuming iCloud migrations. Doesn't instill confidence.
Done! We're still finishing up on Netter's final portrait, but it's getting there ;)
Watching #Revolver - The movie defines #BadAss - Check it out. What's the most bad ass movie of all time?
Clearly not getting this paper done ha
hi :D
#Wiunion trolls have abnormal obsession w/teacher-bashing. Like hating on librarians or nurses: odd. Were you not such successful students?
Nice standing O for #LamarOdom tonite
The have their challenges, yes. But blowing the whole thing up wasn't the answer. Very important offseason though...
If the Pack wins tonight, I just might have the biggest hangover of my life at my company's holiday party.
SHOW FRIDAY at the Double Door - Chicago w/
Can't wait! RT : Our 15th annual Hedgebrook Womens Playwrights Festival is going on right now! Free reading
I got his besty
Full color outdoor banners on sale! Call us 800-724-0577.
Awesome! You set the orchestra in tune with your "A", the love and passion of music is ever within us with each of every day.
North Carolina did NOT raise up today.
Ugh my day tomorrow <<<<<<
4am and I'm still playing Family Feud. Thanks, - you've created a monster.
When was the last time you did something just to get... a smile? Put a smile on a strangers face and experience how good it feels!
Criminey. Spent probably 3 hours debugging a login problem on new project and it turned out I hadn't set the enabled flag to true. blerg
Going to see The Dolls (oh yeah, Poison and Motley Crue are also playing)!!!
you need it if it's going to be a kia! ;-)
Sure thing! Us too!
there I fixed it lol.
#ATX's art scene is bursting at the seams tonight. Events at , , , and !
I ate an ear taco last night. Not sure what kind of ear.
: Yes! Can't wait to see the pics!
I can't make that but we can plan smthng for nxt weekend, no? Lol
I definitely agree. You can check off diversity on your list!
Just take me as I am, or have nothing at all.
Obviously :) RT : I'm on the edge of glory over here.
#WeWantMontrezl to come to
my boyfriends hot..
Deals on summer flights to #Paris & #Madrid via ... check it out!
If you have been admiring a certain Rocket Fish or Minnow, TODAY is the day to claim your prize! Bid sheets will be ON the Fish until 8pm!
You are the best, thanks so much for your advice - tailored to my needs and practical as well! Ready for the May challenge!
Strongly encourage everyone to tune 1310 in HD for the tonight at 7pm. The show looks amazing.
we just had lunch...? But I really am hungry too though.
Send me your pictures of nasty homes!
got #talkthattalk on #itunes im #obsessed !!!!
"Pop, pop" - Magnitude. #Random #Community Tweet
today sucks. tomorrow's gonna be worse. :(
Just went to 2 different Dunkin Donuts after checking their hours and seeing one is open 24 hours and the other until 11. Both were closed.
Submissions for 2012 summer internships are now closed. Many thanks to all of our applicants for having an interest in our company!
": #WeWontWorkOutIf you don't show any affection and do cute shit for me. Actions speak louder than words."
Count the W and #CLIPPERS moving on to #Spurs (should have lots of #MAVS supporters on this one LOL)
Sweet vermouth on the rocks with a twist. That's my favorite drink. Mine too! Too early for flapjacks? That about sums it up.
Spontaneous Irish step dancing by team at Jeni's ice cream
is today the day you're gonna follow me..?:)
that all men are created equal. Abraham Lincoln, Gettysburg Address.
it sure is!
tht moment : when sumbdy getcho number & tht person anoyying . but you cant do nun about it
Great workshop today with CD Allen Hooper!
I'm the buttcheek whisperer, don't follow the imitators.
May i have a shoutout? I'm here to help ICONiacz get noticed by the boys! :)
Tech can help make it a flow instead of an event.
"Line up ma advisaries blast on sight,and fuck yo boyfriend bitch I want some ass tonite"
AP News Alert: American Airlines and parent company AMR file for Chapter 11 reorganization.
How are you?(:
Do you project any Frogs going in the first few rounds?
Pain is anevitable. Suffering is optional <3
Great show this morning @ #Memphis Farmers Market, Playing the #GreenBeatle w/ tonight @ 8pm, c'mon out!
I think he's giving it away, hoping the publicity can get him a new TV gig.
Stoked for show tonight down in the springs with t-shirts for tomorrow and forever the sickest kids!!!
lol. it's cool bro. we gotta record that song with brandon soon
my bad. Think I was projecting. Hope it gets better.
Now we're heading to Ihop lmao...
Damn u hungry aint it lol RT : Wonder what's for breakfast....
Just had the most difficult time logging in. What's up twitter?
yeah im going to a sleepover!!
its ok.
No current plans, unfortunately. Sorry!
BOOM!!! Congrats on finishing! What high school? RT : Woo! i'm certified in Everfi! :p
THERE IS A HOLE IN MY SWEATER. WHERE IS ????
Last day of Broadcasting): #AVTnextyear <3
Seth Godin *is* American Gothic!
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.4
follow me :D
I would love to go to New York.....The music business....there.....$$$$$$$! That's pretty much all I see as a music artist...
": they gave us more cd's of our last photoshoot" oh god ... ew.
I CANNOT WAIT
uh huh, i caught u in action last nite...busted, bro n i snapped pics of ya ass last nite.. Dont make me expose ya ass lol
psyched about tonights show at shark city we got a great response and a couple of talent scouts r coming to check us out.
the granny panties were flying
#BlackHistoryBusinessFact Booker T Wash. started the Nat'l Negro Business League to encourage the recycling of black dollars & economic
Massage helps athletes of any level prepare for, and recover from, strenuous workouts
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for disability insurance.
Is it rainy in Chicago?
May is definitely my month this year, a lot is happening for me. :)
YOU'RE WELCOME.
"He said it first, he's gotta go too" Morgan
FB and Twitter are not the solutions to problems. They're just channels. The value you deliver is the solution says
WORKING ON MY NEXT MIXTAPE ARTISTS GET FOR MIXTAPE PLACEMENTS DEADLINE THIS FRIDAY
#ThatsYouHuh ? where ? in that back al the way over there ?
"It's Going To Be Epic"... -ASBMG
the 16 hours!!!
it's official all my shows have had their season finales vampire diaries, greys anatomy, & 90210 wtf am I suppose to do!!!
I had a BLAST at the dance. So much fun seeing all of my kids having fun!
Catherine: Why? (1) because I feel sorry poor/homeless people and I want to help!
Homework for this class is absolutely pointless for me. Career Development my ass.
Thanks man! RT “: Dope stuff over at 👍👌”
Bouttah Smoke A Sweet && Go Back To Sleep !
Sungha Jung is absolutely amazing. Every time I see him play a song on his guitar, I am blown away and awestruck. ♥
nah I have a certain time to go to class haha but yeah. Not as hard as a regular school.
my motto's to do it for the culture.
Why is there like 15 UPS TRUCKS in front of me
Cheering in Spanish: Obama immigration reform or no election!
Who Hates Lil.B. More Than I Do?...Fuck Lil.B.
wtf do you do, when you don't know if it is real.
You make me laugh
can't wait to see Letters to Juliet, pretty sure i've been bugging for months now
did you tweet me back? :o my phone is trippin
Stay strong...all ye 8AM exam takers
thank you for being awesome! you have made 2011 better for me and many others. have a great holiday!
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
Holy hot Jesus pants, this is terrible.
It's Monday- Texas Holdem LoCash Style come on out and eat-drink-and play. Game starts 7:30ish. JC
Oh my gosh! Lol, wasn't what I was trying to say lolololol.
omg you would. >.>
sorry, thought I was following you! :)
RT : : People often assess the credibility of a website in less than 3 seconds -first impressions are key!
hey man, you sure?
This just in Cleveland doesn't like any FA WR's or any in draft for that matter, but love the ones we have. Solid
Be very careful, a friendship that has lasted for years can be completely changed in an instant & never be the same again.
New day new blessing. Don’t let yesterdays failures ruin beauty today, each day has its own promise of love and joy. GOOD MORNING
Calm down Tigers.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i have a size 11 shoe you know what that means right *raises eyebrows twice and winks eye* 😉
That awkward moment when someone yells at you because you clicked your pen more than once & you have to click it one more time to use it.
awes. You're so sweet!
Started a diet today (:
amazing concert this is why I love ! good job baby
going to bed.
Did you feel like you needed to bathe in liquid nitrogen, or are you good?
love it! you can never have too much feathered hair, right?
should I not spend $5.99?
Thursday @ Plan B Don't miss BOO FROG & Hairspray Blues -Phil White opens
Awesome new song
Is playing the drums in Rock Band exercise? It does a really good exercise impression.
Mavs-Suns tonight in PHX. It's always fun when Dirk and Nash get together. 9:30 p.m. on TNT. Don't miss it.
Thanks my man!
hey, thanks!
These Pancakes Are On Fucking Point ! Who Dont Know How To Cook?
Rebirth Brass Band The Baddest Band In The Land 6 Ward
It’s hard for me to get used to these changing times. I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Anyone have anymore on this?? RT Antti Niemi to sign w/SJ according to
Social Networking does work I had an issue with Dell Customer Service Phone agents wouldn't help and I was mad posted it on facebook
#thingsiwontunderstand why the Hulk wears any pants at all.
Danny Grainger bout to get yoked up by LeBron.
Great play by Walden
Awww Yinelis fell asleep so I'm watching Honey 2 all alone. :(
Everyone is so cinco de lame-o
3more days until the show! I hope you ALL get a chance 2 come out. www.MRCJE.com get your tickets.
#pdaebook DDA-demand driven acquisitions- providing as much content as possible for immediate use. Levine-Clark
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho buzz kills everything.
I'm tweeting right from my iPod touch!
i love u Ariana!
I do not want to go out tonight. But, SOMEONE must keep the dream alive.
I'm inviting myself to this too. K, thanks!
Y'a'll have a good time!
Good game Lady Gorillas! Whoop whoop!
Ugghhhh don't wanna go.to.work
Yea!!!! Loved WALL-E
Your a freaking weirdo!
O.J. was found 'Not Guilty' as well.. chew on that
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho strapped a #dog on the roof of his car and pinned down a classmate so he could cut his hair.
Congrats to for being selected as a #Pulitzer finalist!
btw, i went to a silent disco last night in an enchanted forest. it was amazing.
Can't wait to see John Cusack as Edgar Allen Poe in The Raven.
The funeral will be Mon. At st. Lamberts in sioux falls at 11. Visitation is Sun. @ boom funeral home @ 4-6 with prayer service to follow
Check out this video my friends and some of our awesome Alaskan Native students at UAA made. Just 2 weeks ago I taught them screenwriting.
Theoretical monarch is detrimental for creativity and intellectual growth
Just traded my 1.09 and 6.03 rookie pick for J. Baldwin, S. Bradford, and the 2.11. Adding myself some young depth!
then u have my permission
how many cats do you have?
no lo veo
Wish I had known about #WSM100 announcement. I would have headed down. That's what I get for limiting my time on social media yesterday!
needed to do notecards for anatomy & i didn't even touch my bookbag this weekend..
According to Wikipedia: Encyclopædia Britannica was founded in "Your Mother" by a bunch of "ugly Wankers"
Flipping between the #Caps - #Wild game #NHL and the #Kansas - #UNC game #NCAA. Great sports on TV while the kids are sick on a rainy day
#Imagine Austin: Your lips look so lonely.. You: huh? Austin: Would they like to meet mine? *kisses you*
Oh my god ! That was HILARIOUS !
I'd prefer if Danny Strong wrote adaptation of 'Steve Jobs' so we could all see what Jobs would've looked like in a power suit and lipstick.
Had rehearsal with Dean Johnson, he is playing with us in Mexico next week. Can't wait !
Finally home & I'm wide awake.
it's clear where we are like not even a drop!
Don't worry. Latex sheds rain.
Thanks for thinking of us!
"You've lost your arms in battle! But you've grown some nice boobs!"
Mendeley, Cite-U-Like, Zotero...RT : lovely people of academia, is EndNote good? or are there better ways to manage citations?
still watching Coupon Wars?! :D
I miss Gushers. Do they still make Gushers?
I hate thunder storms
I love getting wonderful snail mail from
"I blame the internet" bahahaha
I'm so glad I had to work today and miss this game...
I strive to be the best
cool...I won't be that early probably, but I plan on coming down...
We have no rental fees - call (317) 264-3585 to discuss.
Is craving guacamole.
Bing Surpasses Yahoo to Become #2 Search Engine according to Comscore, Bing is up to 15%. Something to remember when working on SEO.
To the guy wearing a blue button up that looks as if the buttons may pop off any second. U don't need to be eatin a snow cone
Clearly, I have completely underestimated the use of tags in umwblogs. No longer.
On the air early today on for Hollywood Hamilton until 7PM!
that choir rocks!!
#jermainePaul is awesome. His performance was beyond words, he deserved that win! #TheVoice 🎤
Have an amazing friday twitter friends and a blessed and safe wknd:-) Keep It Elegant.
is a twittery zeitgeist. a sampling of real seaches people are entering now.
Spitters gettin heavy. Need a new bottle.
this has it all.......someone is keeping #chelsea in the game.... the best goalscorer in the world misses a penaly!! #messi was messy
Saw The Help again w/ Bryce was superb as always. If I was a nominator, she'd be at the top of my list!
is the modern day rolodex. and it works. well. Add that to the list the gmail should have but doesn't.
The weird and wonderful Françoise Durr.
ya!! 497.. Text me! I gotta talk to u too! Lol
I work at a FOX station so my co-workers tease me for A) Yelling out the wrong Jeopardy answer and B) Watching CBS.
I thought my friends shirt said peace love and drugs. But it said thugs.
Final task for JAF revision: re-work genre diagram. First impulse was a 3D graph. A few calculations later, I realized pwned me.
Dicks my new home
Why dont bus drivers ever listen to music from this century..
can u say loose den a mf
Did you get your Chelsea Grin tickets yet?
Success requires you create a positive environment. Then impose strict deadlines on yourself and be ruthlessly resistant to wasting time.
Be sure to bring your tin foil helmet! Looking forward to seeing what you get.
I mean regardless the latter had a ton to do with it. Manning did not want to feel any pressure to make this decision.
Using rails engines to segregate long running feature tests... Very interesting.
aww I love you.
Entertaining a guest from NY. Short list of food/drink to showcase for SD? Right now at showcasing
What's an email for both of you I can send this track to?
sexy, sexy, sexy, sexy, x
and fresh watermelon!
Tomorrow's Matinee @ 2- Paw what you wish tickets for "Once in a Lifetime" World premiere @ the Cell!
We've been lucky here in Richmond area, not a lot of snow this year, keeps dropping just north of here.
record is going to be epic :-)
Birddogging for homes then doing comp reports. Who's with me? #vegashomes Investment opportunities are sprouting up everyday.
hint it isn't the cat
All I know is that is an amazing actor! I am now on 2 teams. #TeamDrew and
If Barkley was in this draft, the Vikings had better take him at #3. Christian Ponder was #10 in 2011 QB Rankings.
Sweat pants hair tied chillin wit no makeup on Thats when your the prettiest I hope that you dont take it wrong
You can not gain peace by avoiding life.
"the credits for im gunna get you sucka list you as rib joint customer"
I just tripped and almost died.
I read freedom. It was terrible, but I read it.
In the immortal words of Guns n Roses: "Nothing lasts forever, even cold November rain."
I can also recommend the Mocha Coconut Frapuccino at Boozeless, unfortunately. :)
Thank You!
'he didn't know what the bill would do, but he went ahead and voted for it anyway'
For sure, it will be so nice to see you. :)
Happy Independence Day from your friends !
Come out to Lake Lawn (Delavan) tonight. Chris Kohn and Big John will rock some brains at the Lookout Bar 9pm-1am. We want to see you!
got you boo
Talk time is being held at the Main Library every Tuesday in February at 2pm for non native speakers to practice English and meet new people
It's Thursday... That means we have happy hour at Claire's and free museum admission until 8. Come on over!
oh.my.god. They are obnoxious though. >.>
Self-storage packs top low-risk real estate return - San Francisco Chronicle
Gotta love Xfactor.
Has our packages arrived for the troops yet? Let us know. Thanks for what you all do
i cant wait
#MostOverratedMusicArtists well this is sure to cause some problems on Twitter today.
i am looking for more friends on twitter.
Are u saying you hurt your finger on purpose to take a break to enjoy the sunny weather? lol! I would probably do the same :)
its all good I thought thats what you meant
well I still don't have your number..7819159232 but you have mine.. Again lol .. Well see who's to blame now
yeah, well...im sure theres a book i can read at Red Lobster
coco lee rocks!!
Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.
“ Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!”
RT : Does anyone know how 's son is doing? - I am worried sick as well. No news.
I bet the dragons are just out getting Dany a Mother's day card. Aw.
Giants got a steal with Reuben Randle though...
Coworker will DJ Jam on Hawthorne tomorrow at 9 p.m. If you feel like dancing and don't already have fix, stop by & groove.
Boo Radley will be on stage again tonight and tomorrow night regardless of HotGirl19's attractive emails! Maybe...maybe...
It's going to be a good day. I just have to get to the point where I'm awake enough to BELIEVE that.
Craving some delicious sushi? Go to Kiku Japanese Restaurant and make sure to bring you student ID to receive a 40-50% discount!
West End streets are literally bumper to bumper right now with Card fans in their cars honking, waving flags, and throwing L's.
Goal of protesters in Vietnam Vets Plaza is to occupy. Question is: will the NYPD let them?
me too, but it was way too much fun
These are the REAL #MadMen.....Watch #ThePItch on #AMC and see how it's done!
Pinoe has fluorescent feet tonight too! Haha. BEACONS.
Show me a nasty fruit bat, and I'll show you a 23 year old man screaming like a little girl.
good luck!
I'm your first follower!!! I love this. This is good.
You can't have one of the greatest champ games in your 1st year if you give away seats and ppl would rather watch big 12 regular season.
I enjoy bossing my mother around.
I'll be making a video soon like I promised I'm just waiting for my voice to heal. And I thought of a song. :)
This is one of those times I wish America loved football/soccer as much as the rest of the world. This has been one hell of a match.
Ok, So What Yeahh I'm Mad My Cuz Gon Be On 106&Park On The 16th of next month -_- He Ain't On .... Yet
- i'm lucky to have a disability and as such, Medicare and Medicaid. If not....
yeah! and they say the weirdest shit.
Appreciate you man. I'll get back to you soon
#Vegas never pays...
it's called Emoji2. You have to copy and paste the icons though kinda a bummer ☹
Hopefully after what did, less people will say horrible things thinking they can hide behind a computer.
When in doubt, name call. LAME. told me not to reason with morons like Stacey.Its not worth it.
there is no way in hell I'm waking up at 4.
I CAN'T WAIT! and no you won't :)
. great conversation and company! Thanks for introducing me to my new favorite lunch spot!
stratus of cumulus = everywhere all over w/ appearance of horizontal layer but w/ the depth and energy of a thunder cloud.
Reading Young Romantics: The Shelleys, Byron & Other Tangled Lives by Daisy Hay. Like a soap opera of the brilliant & witty.
Lot's of rad men's clothing added to the racks today!
": ..lmao...no fainting..its bad for the baby..lol <<< it's so true....not fair!! *screams* WHAT ABOUT ME?!! LOL
Next up: background tour of #NoWasteProject catering for
RT : If you ever see me staring at a light bulb, I'm probably just trying to sneeze.
We need some more Park faculty here to join the discussion on the merits of tenure...
Witness, we are holding on for dear life to those lights RT : You can take down your Christmas lights now, everyone in Queens.
that's because you suck
any thoughts on this? or in general?
Lunch at Alamo Drafthouse Ritz and movie #9 - "Leave Me Like You Found Me". Or perhaps "Don't Change Me!" should have been the title. :-)
whats going on people
CBGB shits? Fairly certain those happened to Joey Ramone on a regular basis!
If Olly saw that he'd think Santa's face was a dog toy attached to your shirt and would probably attack it.
I'm feeling sad today. May I have an Emily Blunt RT?
hahaha love it :)
Secret Crush ;P
umm...per my sister, it kinda sucks. Better in the city than the burbs though. I can introduce you and you can ask her if you want.
Hahaha it's okay. Did you know because of my Phillies retweets? Or my excessive use of exclamation points?
2104- Your really pretty,nice & sweet. We should talk more(:
Hi Justin! Want to join us for lunch sometime? We'd love to have you... Is your father a Rotarian?
Wow! Great job!
had a great Christmas and New Year's. Just started working out again. Here's to a healthier and happier 2011!!
ok thanks
there's the team I know: bases loaded 1 out then a 3-2 double play...
Thanks for the .... >:o RT : Thanks for the Livestrong band :)
when are you gonna start letting us know about your great specials like "Lobster Wednesday" on the app??
How much longer until UTSA Football season?
I can't wait (Well, not for the turkey, obviously, but for #pranksgiving) - I'm en route to nyc now!
“: If you think women are the weaker sex, try pulling the blankets back to your side.” Hahaha!!
Gotta love Ozzie
congrats on valedictorian!
I just finished a 3.16 mi run with a pace of 7'47"/mi and a time of 24:39 with Nike+ GPS.
Is the oil spill in the gulf Obama's Katrina? I hope not!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <314
The bottle is clearly pointing at us
thanks for the RT!
Nice pass by John Lucas I
I'm trying to picture the porn for which Queen would work. Apparently has seen some.
Please sleep. Please sleep. Please sleep. Wait, the clowns will eat me.
Ok, so Lenny's bass guitarist is kinda creepy & his rhythm guitarist looks like Anthony Wiener crossed w/ carrot top.
when i meet my new
plaaaaasee follow me
hope he stays. Not getting enough attention. Future top 5 pick.
I do not consult with sum of u niggas
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. - Berkeley Breathed
Who's your pick to win the NCAA Tournament? Will you be cooking up any great snacks for the game?
Shooting some Playoff hockey tonight! Go Chiefs!
KEEP IT LIT PIMP THE NEW SHIT SLAPPIN! !
I was watching that too! I don't know how some of those girls get pregnant..
He is on that car flow
#Edcampss is open for registration - www.edcampss.org Come join us in Philly March 24th 4 a great day of learning & sharing
I'm excited for the Williams signing for the #Bills... but why does my mind keep going back to Bledsoe?
Getting a jersey mikes sub for the first time!
Sundays are so boring..
MT do you know if well have projector in presentation room at #cwcon ? Attn:
The Longleaf Pine, native to the southern part of the United States, does not have heartwood until it is 18 or so years old!
Less than 12 hours until School Pride Day starts at The Fair, anyone up right now?
Being in sync within allows you to see the best in others without being blind to the facts of who they really are.
You're welcome! Thanks for checking it out.
M... Like a little under a month
I'm coloring my hair with this foam stuff and it smells just like soy sauce, oddly. Hope my hair doesn't smell like soy sauce tomorrow.
Full fridge >>
I cant stop thinking about her..she is 4ever on my mind....I LOVE YOU.
actually, it's my first one :D
go to sleep Super Bowl bound Ochocinco.
. The cherry on top was the "If you're single" postscript. As. If.
I'm an idiot i only uploaded half of the show, ill send you the new link in a few
Know what sounds good right now? Strawberry Belgium waffles m
- great. Just got back from JA. You?
A good win tonight at the grizz game. Just got home and kicking back.
I know everyone had a good time
TV for sale.... 32'' LG Flat Screen. Basically brand new.... Inbox me if u want it... I need to sell it ASAP
Such a nice day! ☀
Franz Ferdinand was assassinated on this day in 1914.
nontrad #librarian path doesn't mean leaving the learnings: currently turning an old 501 paper into a blog post for my company
#SportsExposDen is just 3 days away! The news is spreading everywhere thanks to our friends , and !
I'm out
Great day ahead in #roc ! Lunch with the sisters, sewing and shopping.
Just fell in love with an aussie stranger! Beautiful blue-est blue eyes! I love you!
Please RT We are trying to make #RyanKennedy trend for 4th grader fighting cancer.. He wants to see his name trending on twitter.. Thank You
yeah I guess.
#LoveLost had two women in my life had to come clean do the new year feels like I'm loosing two good friends great women Bad Man..
We will be CLOSED tomorrow in honor of Passover. We will be OPEN Sunday, 4/8 from 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM. Have a wonderful holiday weekend.
Wow I'm home alone on mothers day
Right? That was awesome.
The Knicks need to give it everything. By the way, how is Amare going to come back next game? His sling is ridiculous.
Kudos to Christine Moore of ATT for the $4,500 grant to the #ChulaVista police Explorers! It's a great program; the money will be well-used.
getting back into work mode after a great few days in Portland
no worries... should i resend then?
yeah we are beyond amazayn were so awesome that chuck Norris wears shirts with our faces on them :D
ya and blew up my damm phone
1/2 and if y'all need anything anytime of the day don't care when u know u can text me and I would be willing
Hope everyone has on deoderant.
didja see all the mud that was throwing this weekend? sad.
I see it all the time! Must be trying to achieve the state of perpetual anxiety that comes naturally to me (and most NYers)
#SometimesIWonder should we not accept a 3rd party in 2012 ?
Just FYI, it's the first in a five-part series I'm working on. Part II is a story on Juan Nieves' memorable no-hiitter. Look for it tomorrow
lol u dont hit me up
already did and not letting him back this time!
Did you know Apple Rock has the ability to design, build, & manage worldwide with 3 offices in NC & an office/warehouse in Las Vegas
lol oh yea.. im jus tryna fit in. goin to get my camo shirt now
Working a serious "party down" styled bar mitzvah in the Hamptons right now.
The Fly is packed! Get of Facebook and come join the party!!!
#waystomakemehappy buying me snickers and Cheetos out the blue because you know I love them <3
nice idea ... join our ad campaign, we'll give to your cause
- fun fact: i cannot be faded.
Science World! I think it's more kid-oriented though.
it was good kicking it with you at . Always good to meet another corky's BBQ fan
aww! it sucks! one of my friends is moving also!
Thanks to everyone who checked out our new promo site www.scoresluda.com and gave great feedback.
I am thinking sushi for dinner, that sounds good after a hot day on the lake.
If that's what your gut says, I'm with it.
maybe we could meet halfway at Umamicatessen soon? Because nothing says "cute clothes" like lots of meat.
this asian bitch keeps starin at me like .. not even tryna hide it. fuckin looker n shit.
At the theater about to see "Percy Jackson and The Olympians"
Tuesday is always good for some BBQ and a Tallboy Special at LoCash!
Romney running 17% under his 2008 margins in Michigan. Bad sign for him...good sign for America.
A 2 guard offensive set is my favorite because you are ready for anything the defense might try to do - press/trap/zone
what do you need player? Hmu
any chance of u coming back to the buckeye state or motown? #SugarSticks need their Loni fix! :-) #shakesincornerlikeanaddict!
Just sat next to Ryan Grigson's wife and adorable children on my BOS to IND flight. Go #Colts!
Going well. How's by you?
it tis, LOL. and speaking of where folks been...what u been up to???
I would love to go to the ESPYs.
lol! Dude ya know I love ya, ya know I care.
5% of sales for the month of March will be donated to The Chardon Healing Fund. Help be a part of the healing in this wonderful community!
#WWII by is pretty damn epic. As good as ever. :D
If we are interested in Hazard then we have to sign him. Period.
Ball so hard...Good night
#AMERICANIDOL!!! vote for !!!!
That last view was great props to great camera work.
dm me your email address
Good night world
Nothing like a nasty voice blustering out mean-spirited opinions to help people shake off the post-lunch blahs!
“: Guys, go tell Rian not to leave :(” don't leave your girl man 💑
I specifically didn't shave today so that I'd fit in during our company wide recreation of Bartertown.
Check out our new feather hair extensions and feather earrings at www.clipitz.com !
and they need the experience (which you get in 10 fold at a startup)! It makes the startup ecosystem go round.
Nothing like watching impractical jokers by yourself hysterical laughing! 😂
you thought that was good? too bad you didn't know .... haha
PINC's featured cocktail of the week will be posted on Friday...just in time for the weekend...
Checkout my facebook location.
thank you so much beloved but you should be included too!
New song in the works? WHA??!?!? STay tuned!
Sorry I don't get on this account much, hows everyone?<3
It was crispy laughing bird shrimp!!
All wild cards are out.
I'm glad he called me I needed some understanding n venting cuz I was hella frustrated wit him
He make HOES talk but now im like fuck it
you say you don't lie about all that, yet after school you had your arms around, not one, but TWO girls. one being mj. #dumbasswhore #wow (x
Merry Christmas. Hangover breakfast while my brother plays us his guitar solos.
Does anyone know any online tools for sharing student poetry?
I tried to design a website for children one time and it looked like it was designed by a child. Primary colors are hard.
im sorry :\
eat something
I'm just sayin he is a talker
Good time with the friends, need to do it again soon.
: We will always need the verve of Chuck Klosterman's sportswriting!
Just saw a guy in the parking garage at my apartment wearing a Hawaiian shirt an a sombrero. God Bless Jimmy Buffett.
Hey! We're looking to tour at the end of this month. Any places we can play or is someone having a party we can come crash?!
Pizza hut with :)
all that Shit yall perpetuate on tv ain't respecting a women. So kill that noise. We know what's up.
LOL. Lakers look like they've never ever practiced that situation. Ever. Wow.
Just poppin' in to say goodnight and we'll see you back here tomorrow. Don't forget to turn those faucets off tight! Night everyone!
Non descript brown moths. Every 7-12 years ABQ becomes overwhelmed with them. At least they make the roadrunners fat and happy.
korean zombie wit the 7 second k.o wow!!!!
Im here to stay twitter!”)
oh ok
I hope isn't too jealous when I steal and Jill from him for at least one day this summer :)
I caant listen to #saysomethin on the radio.... My life's over.... ;(
Don't judge the next mf based on wat they have and dont have just be a good friend or dont fuck with them at all... KEEP IT REAL
Thanks my man! Trying to get the word out, glad we found you.
give her husband a son who looks like him. Peter Bayles says,"extensions of our egos."
Stubbs double to the gap for #Reds' first baserunner of the game.
I have also done "tune ups" on their toy cars before doing the adjustments for little boys and girls....Great memories... :)
ouch. I've had that happen years ago. I twisted my ankle so badly!
which show???
i thought we did but then wasn't sure if the dog had not just jumped off the bed RT : did we just have an earthquake?
Just logged on & had more than 20 new followers!
RT : grillin', chillin' rocking. that is my plan for the evening. :) <---- That's what I am talking about Cbus. Luv this weather!
hii allie! its natt! Please tell Nick I said happybirthdayy and I hope to see him again! Xoxo
Thomas Bryant will hands down be the best basketball player in Rochester for the next 4 seasons. If he works he will be an #NBA player.
East Coast or West Coast? Or in between?
So happy that you finally made it to TX. May the rest of your travels be much less exciting. Merry Christmas.
Congratulations to on raising $20 million! and I were thrilled to be involved. Thanks for your support!
Agreed. What shall it be? Find us West of the goal tomorrow!
Please acknowledge the audio issue and for God's sake mix the in-car stuff down a little.
A very happy #FF 2 , mgr par excellence of The Europa Challenge Blog!
The expression of life involves the rejection of our natural disposition & preference & simply allowing Christ to operate in us & break us.
the stuff you design, makes me upset sometimes I'm not a girl...ok that sounded odd.
did my netflix account get hijacked by a 12 year old from the 90s? all my suggestions are old spiderman cartoons
hey The Fox and The Hound is great pub Frankie! Nah I'm thinking sushi dan then walk F&H or Casa Vega?
Thanks for the leadership lesson from Kirk!
as long as that Jack daniels in the IV then I'm good to go... round 34 leggo LOL
You ever see a guy ash a cigarette into a small child's drink? I have...
At work gotta do a double shift today. Pissed at d snow
yes! I miss you guys too. You'll have to come up soon(:
aww good morning to you too sweetie! :)
Cure #caseoftheMondays with our #trivia and $9 fried chicken dinner. Nothing better.
awe @ such a young age. So helpless & innocent :( I cant imagine but im so happy u rescued her :)
yeah buddy!
words cannot describe how much i fucking love your voice. oh my. you're perfect for Get Scared! :)
What's good doe?!?!
u no how 2 turn me on nigger.
Yes, folks. Weather happens.
Seductive new #Avi pic = #winning Hard work pays off💰💰💰
Let's go.
Virginia Supreme Court to hear #AlexandriaVA Wales Alley case Wednesday.
O.o
I hate being unnatractive with no personality .
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! "It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge."-Albert Einstein
Happy Canada Day!!! p.s. did someone say a Canadian invented Superman!!
; I don't need you, that's why I left you. So please, stop trying to grab my attention with your stupid comments. K? Thanks ;) <333
Feeling completely relax, mentally and physically. Have a great day today.
Ah snap retweeted my tweet. Can you follow me? If you want to
Im still in shock right now....I literally refuse to believe that really just happened.
dm me ur building and number
Listening to Lyfe Jennings just chillin' about to start on some homework in a minute.
did Adam say he hated the song until you sang it. You and Xtina are amazing, love u both! Cant wait to buy ur album :)
I can't handle another season of Gerald Laird in my life.
And the page that it sent me to was not at all mobile-friendly. So I Googled and got the info I needed. :)
#ProbablyTheOnlyOne who hates when it rains while I'm trying to sleep ...
Too bad its Costa not Costas RT ": TAFOYA: Phil Costa out with a concussion"
I'm tangled up in you
When you have an ant in your hand & you leave it there because it tickles
Marvel's The Avengers Crosses $1 Billion at the Global Box Office!
True! RT First gingerbread latte of the season. It's the simple things in life!
People say #facebook is lame and boring, yet they go on it all day.
Thanks for that retweet,
im not sure if im following you but thanks for following me:D
Uneasy feeling this morning has turned so far into 2 interviews in the next 6 days! Still praying for my dream position- we'll see!
It's times like this when you learn who your friends are..
That was a killer game!!!!
The Washington Redskins WILL sign Peyton Manning.
This. “: I can't even remember the last time I cooked dinner. So much easier to order in!”
It's May.
I'm glad someone else noticed that.
only #23 can do that lml
Get $$$ AllDay I can sleep when I Die!!!
Merry #tax day everyone! Now quit checking twitter every five minutes and finish them.
It was either Aston or HP Sauce. RT Official: Aston Martin named Britain's coolest brand yet again
Summerground tonight Come hear and hear some stories from their Kenya trip NO FREE MEAL TONIGHT Ultimate Frisbee afterword
ah someone who finally understands! We get up when most people are going to bed :)
What do you call the perfect woman?
I am very sad to see the demise of the WAC. I hate to see a conference with such a prestigious history fall apart like it has.
steven this might not even be a girl! lmfao
Have you heard? is the official Rose Festival station this year! What's your favorite part of the RF? We'll cover it!
Time to get them thunder chickens!
thanks for all the pics!! She is so sweet!!
I got 2 bby mommys Kea and Beautiful and they ass on CHILD SUPPORT
is that Ryan???
born on the 8th of November. Well time for a 4 hour power nap & back to the daily grind.
What's up guys. Need last minute plans for nye. Still have a few tix for Derby, Irish Oak, and Jacks. DM me for discounts
love that necklace!
Not a good day at the cash tablesminimized the losses though, bad days come too often..Check out the new "Royal Flush" shirt also!
Chicago's sports teams need to watch "Glengarry Glen Ross" together for the "Always be closing" speech.
Pretty glad to be out of the NYC taxi right now. I may hire myself a coach!
boi you need a new fitted in your avi
No! You must finish soon :)
i just sw hangover part 2 loved it so funny!!!!!!!!!!
good seeing ya V!
Be positive
Hopkins Football "Get-Together" in NYC this Thursday evening in Midtown.
i highly doubt would ever follow/rt me, but after all, he did teach us to #neversaynever <3 1
Let the peace of GOD role over your heart continually #purpose driven
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.:-)
i will:) but then i wont go to west:P
Hello sweetie hope things are going good with you
No, but the vehicle that Zodac travels space in is known as "the space potty"
Good moring Joshua
Thanks for the embarrassment me
umm make sure to take me with you!! haha
You'd think. OTOH, there is the $17.20 per day. Sweet.
always. We're here for you!
You mad bro?
Dude... I hit a deer in Bucksnort on my way to a concert... Kinda ironic...
haha well I try! ;) i understand though, i asked a taylor swift fan to follow me back and she was very rude and said no
Hey Laura Lee! How are you? It's been way too long.
It's coming... Someone's coffee is gonna get the treatment...
stoked for tomorrow #backtoschooljam its gonna be epic!
": I'm having spelling troubles today" would have been perfect if you spelt this whole thing wrong. Lololoo
Akismet goes down for 5 minutes and I get attacked by spam. Thank goodness for when they're up and running.
Hehe, we'd love to help out!
me and my mom are outside watching this drunk ass ladyasking for candy. is this real life? lol
The Avengers was AMAZING!!!!!
I'm so mean I make medicine sick!!
Remember when I got engaged? Wooohooo!
The tweet gets good ... Until I see a typo
A view from
“: they just phoned now and offered it to me ;) so happy !!!!”>>>OMG!!! Congrats
What trendy thing am I going tonight? Ikea assembly!
Nice use of explanatory photos and diagrams in this webinar. Reminds me of a trip I took to the Harvard Depository last year.
"The Life of an Entrepreneur". Talked about overcoming the fear of failure, taking chances, and the 5 questions of success.
