Follow me on my second twitter account if you like to laugh! :)
Do you drug test?
I told her!! 💛 She loved it!!
iPhone Games... Yeah!!! Time to leave the office!
RT Forgot I had that insanity workout, gotta start it along with this Nike Training Club app!!! its a beast
being lazy with the girls, 2 more days till i can see baby <3
Come join Chispa Marketing at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove. Register right here!...
is OVER the family drama. If you can't be supportive...be quiet.
"A Goofy Movie" was playing in my dentist's office this morning and I walked in just in time to catch the "Perfect Case."
wholesale Gucci Horsebit Nail Boston Bag 189893 - Go Green ...
Reflexologists are trained to study the feet before a treatment, looking for classic signs of disease, like hypothyroid/circulatory/fever.
Orgs can optimize & keep talent when people can self-organize to solve problems+seize opportunities, using best talents together
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press book.
Just because I'm a dreamer doesn't make me a sleeper. - S.Rippetoe
Tucker's Blues in Deep Elum
Well don't mine me, I'm going to help myself to a stiff bloody Marry to kick start the morning!
thanks for the shoutout. it should work since everyone love nails ;)
You betcha baby!!
King center ito undergo a "dramatic modernization". What do you think? Do you go there a lot? Why, why not? let's talk:
ok, goodnight bitch
#nowplaying I speak real Flip ft Bird
I have a lot of hw, I'm going to fat ass it. “: Excess homework has been linked as a cause to childhood obesity.”
Please follow and DM us to get the details on how to receive your tickets for tomorrow's Avalanche game!
RT : Should be called amature-nouns. (#Pronouns will be the death of me. What did you mean? i can't be positive what "that" is.)
Engaging, dynamic programs and success support growth of within communities. Show the data!
uh oh...have weird obsessed by me fan.... does that mean I am famous..*nervous laughter* ..hehehe
Kaleigh and Ashleigh invited for a special audition with Joyce Piven for her upcoming production!
not everything that glitters is gold...its still glittering too...
The 1st HRD bout of the season is officially underway! Don't miss out on the action: official roller derby after party tonight at Big Star.
hopefully the flash will make the shank unnecessary!
Fridah is reading exceptionally well! I'm so proud of her!!!!
Nick bringing back the 90's! This rocks!
spoke against publishing "nonsense" and for "gatekeeping" and even "civilization" (have we heard that word in DH conversations?)
hey! I will drink a bacon milkshake, so I will see you in Eugene soon, yes?
The Museum will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. We hope that everyone has a happy and safe holiday with friends and family!
Time to go home!
following up from this morning: how do universities reinvent their organizations to be fault tolerant and move faster?
Foo thinkin that I'm tryna get at this chick just cause I'm close with her -__- Smh
We're tasting Oregon wines today. Not just the Pinots. Try the Viognier from Stageleft Cellars. Who knew Oregon could make great Viognier?!
Good luck!! RT : I'm determined to be on varsity this year for softball. . Even though I love the whole jv team.
If the world hustles, Who's getting hustled? Make friends not fans!
To show Customer Appreciation, will be giving $5.99 loaves of Rosemary Olive Oil Sourdough bread for FREE until we close at 8! 1percustomer
Trying to figure out trip to NoCal for #stagesonpages. The first big question -- drive 7 hours, or fly? Will need a car there, so torn...
Lmao! --->": Do vegetarians suck dick?"
Agreed. "CIO's must embrace mobile first mindset...innovation in mobility & cloud" SAP CIO Oliver Bussman #Appnationconf /via
“: Hardware + Software + Mobile Cloud services are the focus for Playbook and Blackberry 10. #BBWC”
A crazy gun "enthusiast" followed me (on twitter ) recently and briefly (I blocked him).
Everythings a dollar?
Waiting for #Discovery by the Potomac!
is being invaded by chipmunks.
#SSAC is playing "Cleveland Rocks" before Drew Carey takes the stage. Fun.
That's a given! <3
I wish everyone a great day! SMILE, because God loves you!
Glad you saw the post, I was going to text you. lol
I got that summertime sadness.
#maxmilner all day
cool story bro. But really, you been good?
I knew somebody like you
Not real interested in the #BCSNationalChampionship. #LSU - #OSU would have been epic. Guess I'll take #Bama to win.
Okay, trying to post a comment to Google+ on someone's post who is hugely popular is a very trying experience. Constant interruption!!!
Reference services should always be personal.
found your bag in front of our shop! Tweet or call 414-967-7344
WANT TO KNOW WHEN WE REVEAL IT ALL? www.sofiafellini.com
Cannot predict now, we'll have to wait and see what blackberry season looks like.
hope so. Haha
Occupation begins tonight. New press release shortly.
great movie
I'd do it but I'm not passionate. I will miss that $8. That's 2 cups of Starbucks coffee!
I left my phone somewhere and am really pissed and worried b/c I can't buy a new one. Had a great time tonight and hate to end it this way.
Thank you! You're so kind! ^NE
Who? Who? Who
I can't wait for a shoot out with you!!!
SCars let it out, Bleed to Death
ever since your boys left tx they been quite
Melo and most of all Chauncey will be missed.Thank god we have the
I so rarely get to bust out my Fine Young Cannibals impersonation, so thanks dj!
"wounded people wound others" ~mark vega
Yeah, have your lawyer call me. Send the cops too. I have broken no law you ignorant letch.
Um, well, the third agency is, um, well, um....
If you don't like me, remember that it's mind over matter. I don't mind and you don't matter.
Leave for tour tomorrow afternoon\m/
They passed no more. The Washington Redskins are rich in talent and John Beck can kiss his roster spot good-bye
It's my birthday in Australia!!!! Rad.
Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. Charles Swindoll
I'm excited that I'm moving out of Cali soon
I wish he was. RT : "I've got butterflies man, like I'm about to go in." He's behind #uwhuskies bench
(Rich) moved IR upstairs. Investigating down. Swapping teams.
Hang the DJ
start sharing it with people. It'll help you get clarity on what exactly it is.
Trying to explain a song but not wanting to sing it to the person.
128450 at the color up (break 2)...chips didn't move quite as fast that level
Another sunny day in the DMV. I should go downtown for a bit, but I still have five more things to do on my to do list.
Romeo Concert was Amazing!!! Alex Sensation se lucio!!!!!
we think alike. you too :)
I Bet! Tease!! Lmao
I need to find someone to go to the brewers game with -_-
May God bring peace to the Kramer family and Joey's friends as they grieve such a tragic loss. Tosa students wearing green for him today.
OMG...Craig Ferguson voices Owl in the new Winnie the Pooh movie??? I might have just fallen more in love with him! :)
#Irene hope all my 413 friends and fam are safe. See u soon
omg you have a twitter <33 Hey :) thankss for the follow .
No, nothing says birth control. (And I am a mom... LOL)
haha i have the same problem -_-
Ah okay :)
Those are the tweets for Thursday, April 26, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Some students were upset that Romney, not an evangelical, was invited to give Liberty commencement. 1st they get to hear minister Luis Palau
- nice! Thanks bro. Hope to see you there
certainly many customers seem to feel that way. wish it was looked at more as art.
Field trip to the office my company is moving to. Oh boy. It's pretty.
You're really good at it. Were you a teacher in a previous life?
Funeral by Band of Horses is playing. is obviously quite sad to be absent in this moment.
Trust me, I AIN'T NO PUNK BITCH. I get sick of listening to a toothpick rap about weed, bitches and champagne.
I'm in the same situation...
This geography final is going to be awful. There's so much to memorize.
so according to Caleb and Mikayla , my boobs got bigger ... i have great friends ... 😁😘
Have an opinion, don&#39;t stick to it too much and never agree with someone&#39;s opinion just because someone would like you to.
wow, did not know this was coming out. Should be interesting!
makes my heart happy to see two guys I know REALLY wanted tickets, able to go! :)
Check out our music video for "The Breeze!" Click on the link below! Don't forget to "like" it and share the link on your facebook page Thx!
So... I'm no longer single. But changing anything on facebook from my phone is proving to be difficult.
I think I'm having a mid life crisis.
I thought you said pierce the veal for some deason
Lucky I ain't have Jay drop him from the team.
Haha "cause I don't have your number!" gotta love Joshua ;)
Loving the new Oatmeal Squares. Tried them at the FMI Health & Wellness Conference today. Have you had them yet??
Ideas for what to do in DC today?
I'm about to throw mine out the window.
73k. Played well this level but really mad about a river bet of 6200 when I was suppose to give up. Had it around 95!
The definitely missed his size and scoring in March this year. Hope you're having a blast!
#Zane with that
Is fall in the air? I think it it-is that a pumpkin spice latte I see in my future?
90310: Inglewood, CA
aw its over :,(
Ms. Zanditon, your clothes are stunning. Thanks for finding me now I'll follow you! I <3 Twitter! Where in NYC can we buy?
enjoying lunch on a beautiful patio w/Diana while Sheryl Crow soundchecks just across the river
Rehearsal was crazy...this June 16 show wit Nipsey is about to be crazy...
I get outta school may 24th for summer. Hollllaaaaaa(:
"Its a Vain world, Beauty can take you far~But without Heart + Brains, what will you do when you get there?!" ~Kimora Lee Simmons
you're attractive.
Yes, that last tweet was for you, et al
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you’re afraid to do. After all, you’re only young once!
My pleasure. I am there on business on a regular basis. Thanks!
-c- w/ respect. & we can have a cute relationship that everyone brags about &we last a long time where people are like your still together?
Working instills a new appreciation for Fridays in everyone. Cheers to working hard and playing hard with Dundee!
I have so much shit to do
If you take a leprechaun's pot of gold, are you breaking the law? If you think you've found one, are you legally insane?
Happy Founder's Day, soror.
I love you ♥20
Lol! Is that bad? I still need to come visit on Brady!
Indeed we do. The museum ed folks at naea are using
7 days left. 8 Days till the big day.
Refill Elle Varner
Oh so u dont complain about anything?Tell me how beautiful ur life is,u can touch the sky..
last night i tweeted about the sad state of affairs for women directors in 2012. let's turn the tables & create buzz about female directors
aw thanks hun i play my main roll 2morrow and friday ;)
Does your organization plan to onshore offshore purchases w/i next 12 months? Poll results: 40% currently have no plans
If you cannot measure it, you cannot improve it.
Nothing like watching #FamilyGuy :)
The quarter hasn't even started and I've already got readings and assignments!
Yes sir almost like u did me in the NOLA Haha... you gotta find ? ? He went MIA on you huh? Lol
Wassup Tracey how's everything?
Keep it coming!! 💜💚💙❤ become my #300 follower and get a #special #shoutout !!!
who you think? 
Heads up! On stage at TED today is Wade Davis! We're currently reading his book The Wayfinders for next month's TEDBooks group.
damn this david axelrod joint is too dope, give him a listen when you get a chance
- "8 Years since Mama Died" is beautifully written! Loved the whole thing! Thank you for sharing.
Crap! I'm on call with the Red Cross tonight and fire dispatch just called saying their are folks in need. No rest for the wicked tonight!
Listen up all you young hipsters, before Jack White there was Eddie Van Halen.
I'm sorry, but these refs are cray.
I was thinking the same thing. Spring was just teasing us I guess.
Changing lives, passing out yearbooks. is hard at work.
My heat are blowing my high
Well it's about time made a twitter!
ide have an amazing monday if you followed mee :) x
tomorrow I go back to the precient and I talk to a detective about you. Sucks to be you right now. Have fun in prison, bitch
#fridayreads Silver Girl by Kirkus raves "has a master's touch at characterization."
At this put everyone can suck it. That's how I feel right about now.
Murder murder listen to the chorus. Niggas wanna know how I get it when I get it dont worry just know its murder
If yah boyfriend/girlfriend isn't happy when they are with you, then you are obviously wasting your time and effort.
We are a collection of our choices in life. -Herm Edwards
They went on a panty raid to mr krabs mothers hz haha
If you would like to receive monthly emails about my music ministry, and free music leaks from me please Direct Message me your email
Oh Sunday night, you are perfection.
Dr. Maness BrainTek Institute Now Include Passion 4 Life Liquid Vitamins Minerals in Treatment of All Patients with Stress, Depressio...
I try to stay optimistic. ;)
Pick a Peck of Positivity - Personafied.......!!!
follow me??(:
is even better in studio than on the phone! Didn't think that was possible. Signed, BOBBY!
Country Music, Texas, and Mexican food make this girl
that's it!! I don't live far from there at 85th & Cherry!!
Umm...maybe tomorrow
I shudder for both the language and the PowerPoint presentations.
Don't you hate it when people complain ... (lol)
Hi Joel! How are you doing today? ♥ Wish i could meet you someday :) Much Love! Reply pleasee?
This is for a concert in September. Hope I get in.
congrats to Darrick Watkins-(HD-Marshall) for being selected by The Write Thing Challenge! Achieving in the classroom.
nice, in SF I assume or are you at
i know i miss u taking up my whole bed to!!!! i knew u were in love <3
RT Bitches front like FUUUUUUUUUUUCK for twitter !
DON'T LET SOME OTHER PPLE RUN IT. I'M WILLONG.
#LCGrad. Anne Gibbons is giving the invocation who was inspired by grad James McDaniel to use a prop - our red chair
Grand Theft Hoopty
How many people frequent coffee shops during artwalk? your ad/ msg can be on those sleeves.
I'd love to cash in some of this free baseball. Come on #redsox!
Did you miss our triathlon kick off meeting today? No worries. I'm extending our early bird offer to 4/14. Email...
dammit, missing a rare San Francisco thunderstorm.
What fun! We used to do one as a thank you to the teens who volunteered w/ events, classes & games all night.
Going to #COLORADO tommorah
#ICantDateSomeoneThat can't eat an entire pizza
I can't respond on DM... I think you have to follow me...
Fuck it next time your fav rapper perform...I'm snatching the mic from his ass
Ladies & gentlemen I'm bringing sketching back (yea) them other artist don't know how to act (yea) lol
Congrats and and rest of on series A!
didn't know you tweeted. Yeah buddy
Edible book festival = Nerdy fun!
"dude. your hair. it's so soft." haha.
did you say something?
Will today ever end? Personal worst Tuesday in a long time.
Im tinkling all ova the house, dadyj he put this mishuganah xmas bell on my collar. DADY ,Im not a cow!
thats a pretty good idea since I sit in the back against the wall
Good morning Wicked Tweeters. As you go out today remember that you can be the difference and the one to bring about change. Be exceptional!
u actin like paris this morning was great, seizure salad lol classic shit
How much did you have on the #MichiganState ?
Turtlenecking the media?
I was expecting something a lot older than that. I'm not saying your old though. *open mouth insert foot* ;)
Glass screens on phones: planned obsolescence?
#Remind me to wake u up this morning. ;)
I can't believe Desperate Housewives is over. It hasn't hit me yet. Was one of the best shows on television!
I don’t wanna brag, but I’ll be The best you ever had
Had a great conversation tonight with a new friend about the greatness of Jeff Buckley. Very awesome convo.
Wounds are ways to reveal us.
woah guys god obviously doesnt exist..
All I'm tryin' to say, don't sweat it. Don't be a next, be a first. Make people say there are no Bennetts :)
Happiness = putting away your lunch bag and realizing there is one more piece of chocolate left in it :)
A big thanks to for playing songs from our NEW EP!! Thanks!!
I hate Mondays....
i missed your tweet about N4P....were u on host committee? I dont know your real name!
lol so make sure you watch LOL
NFL prohibits players from tweeting 2 hours b4 and 1 hour after their games
Omg, school is stressful.
right?? Flip cover and everything!
Welcome n.n
Every project has different requirements - it's what's best for that film/show, etc.
#NeverShouldYouEver Hate on Austin and his Mahomies!!!!!!!
SO excited for Relay Race on Friday AM! We leave for Gettysburg in the late afternoon tomorrow.
I was just thinking the same exact thing lol
There's no truth to the rumor that Our Hero has been eating nothing but wolverine since scoring two points against Michigan on Wednesday.
Jeydon!!! You never see my tweets but if you see this... Can you reply? :D
Few things I enjoy more than overhearing a group of utterly stereotypical nerds passionately nerding out over nerd things.
Walking 8 miles & then Dr. Pete saying let's stop at Mrs. Curls made it better :) 
": I hate treatment but it's necessary. Takes too long." Well think of someone on chemotherapy, maybe it won't be so bad
Yea it's in one of the sections we wanted. What about you guys?
Got your text (obviously) I like it! lol
why do u hate our country so much?!? Try to tweet something patriotic for a change!!
hi can u follow me
In interviews they always ask me how I feel about Nicki Minaj and I always tell em shes a good Artist I respect her success #no hatin
your pretty awesome the way you used those wood pieces and turned them into ball light fixture's ;)
Tennessee Volunteers Power ‘T ’ Lapel Pin – 10KT Gold Jewelry
I wonder if trannies can tell the difference between stares of "gross that's a guy" and "gross that's a Guy...eh I'd still do it"
Glad to have you on board! RT : yes yes yes!!! can't wait for the fall. Looking forward to starting
Up early today. Time to be productive!
Commission meeting is in session and streaming live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
People's minds will be blown when they see me back on the mound . A whole new Matthew will be on that mound .
thanks so much for coming!!
Looking to purchase an apartment in #NYC? Call me today, Id love to help!
Maybe school becomes facilitator for further convos using sm. Muse becomes just member ofthe convo
If ever there was a euphemism for a secret tryst, it's "birthday cake in my office break room." Maybe that's the line Arnold used.
scrape scrape scrape scrape spray spray spray spray pull pull pull pull pull scrape scrape scrape scrape spray choose another 90's playlist.
Start with the cross identify with the needs of lost people and develop people into devoted followers of Christ. B. Cox
Gotta love those piezos.
... RT : If god was a man and we are created in his image then why dl we look so different and what are woman
Chi Town Come & Check Out My Nigga, Ya Girls Favorite Rapper & The #CloudGang Sunday Night Rip The Mic
- I'd love to learn more about the competition you host to aid int'l humanitarian crises. How do you choose the winners?
thanks for 'body beautiful' exhibit shotout! The show's last day is feb 18th.
Right now cannot think of a more unappealing person than Scott Walker
Hockey until this crap is off the screen
Great tip. Intranet Connections looks like a great tool - I'll definitely be exploring this option. Thanks!
tell em don't bite my shit... and stop using the term "fresh" so loosely...
“: Life is good.” everyday
thanks for the love get at me this cridisizm of Street Groove Magazine also check us out on myspace.com/dastreetzmusicgroup
Ive got to be honest The Help made me tear up a bit...
Great job on "The Talk" today.
Back in Washington, DC after a few quick days up in Boston. A cough is developing.
I got NBA playoff fever!
DISASTER AVERTED!! 😳 😝
#cgt256 how awesome was 's virtual visit today? Please follow him and thank him for chatting with us!
Thanks for the follow Loku!
better with the lights off <3 :)
Fix me some food
I wonder what this means for satellite radio.
Time to get creative on a Wednesday. Who's with me?
Well i guess no one does! Nera mind.
Ugh......guess its time to try to go to sleep
AH-mazing. xo RT : remember when we got hit on at the #blocstar party last night?
's #ALCTS "Linked Library Data" was a great introduction to RDF and the semantic web. Looking forward to that short bibliography!
Thanks Ryan. That's great to know.
O well get ready for this Heatwave!!
I just shook hands/hugged with 2 guys from the bar. I have never felt so intelligent in my life after the conversations we had
Thank you! Back at'cha! RT :
DID YOU WATCH IT? i missed it.
Oh, Wendy! Tornado redux?! Come to NY until it's all better! I am so glad you are safe! Surround yourself w/bubble wrap & love.
Final day of Leadership in a Sales Organization is underway. Another great series with Todd Henshaw for our group this morning.
can u plzzzzzz follow me I'm ur biggest fan!!!!!
For sure. Not many needs there, so guessing plenty of best player available picks
Fill in the blank: My favorite wine is _________.
On stage, ready to speak to Jr & Sr at Jefferson HS. One more opportunity to try and make a difference!
I'm addicted to flannel shirts. Bring back grunge.
what else do u actually do that allows u to make meme's all day?
Not sure but felt like an aftershock in Fluvanna, Co. Virginia!
yeah. Guest user, all refrigerators say not avail in store and 'fail' delivery date.
Never put your watch on top of electronic equipment such as a television or a computer, because this could drain the battery quickly.
You are not wrong. This Friday will be the final day for the Italian Steak sandwich.
Mitt Romney's base is going to start to waiver if he cannot win a Southern State.
BRYCE HARPER DID A CURTAIN CALL FOR 1 HOMERUN!?!?!?!?!??! I can't stand living here....
RT : ooh la la.... Me next!<< I told you that already!!
Hi everyone. Looking forward to another great chat.
Grab your tickets for the Super Bowl Parties at the Lucas Oil Stadium Parking Lot. Call us now: 888-493-0004
First exciting announcement: We have a new rockin' drummer Bethany Palkie!!! :)
It's nearly the first friday of the month! You know what that means...Fish Fry Friday at Sprecher Brewery! Great suds and great eats! ;)
Nice! Enjoy!
When shopping, have a good idea of how payments relate to price
Thanks everyone who's following me on (:
S/o to .. Fuck all the tweet watchers !!!! Lol
Wow, very sad about Steve Jobs.
Maybe it'sme: can stay off forever! Love seeing Rob and Sunny.The chemistry is so much better.
A modern day #shibboleth RT: Today it's easy to tell who's not on Twitter: the people who don't know what Star Wars Day is.
getting harder now though, as the shadow moves toward the mound.
I'm pretty sure, that I can say with all honesty that: My job is cooler than your job.
one Saturday in December apparently.
this is going to be a multi-parter. give me a sec so it makes sense. (possible it still won't.)
On the way to boston this bus is sick
I know some people requested to see me create live....#UStream tonight...stay tuned...
Hey MarkMan, I'm looking to upgrade to a better stick, just wondering your opinion on what i should get?
Tell mama C I said happy mothers day:)
Old Looney Tunes cartoons >>>>>>
WHERE WERE U YESTERDAY?! so mad
I would like that.
#TruthIs life is precious so live it to the fullest
Did u get my Tweet about possibly being in a Compton Hood Movie w/
Touching tribute to bullycide victims at
Our special today is a favorite... Stuffed peppers and French onion soup! Come try it out and see our renovated restaurant!
You know you've been working too much when you tell your 4yo that you "strongly recommend" he climb down b4 he gets hurt.
Will do, thank you!
Best friend... Are you mad at me? :,(
have a great Holiday everyone and if you don't celebrate it then just have a great day just the same
Express Lube can benefit your business through our Fleet Program. Visit www.expresslube.com and click on Fleet Info for more information.
yes that's a great way to describe it!
OK. Matt is qb. We r winning. Defense is doing well. Why not add trickery to 4 n 10 ...we run it? Go for gutso!
omfg, exactly! I wanna slap people when theyre like that!
More about the #GeorgiaState #eres #copyright lawsuit - new blog post from Kevin Smith at Duke
Also Lex Luthor on the Superman Animated Series.
Better than having your poles crossed.
You were one of the reasons I went to Bard.
I wouldn't feel bad at all....just think what would have happend if the shoe was on the other foot!
Look for ASP at the NAA conference in Dallas
#Foll11 I think a lot of young librarians think of themselves as 'already ready' - a mistake.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 16
SAD to say goodbye to and today. Good thing we have ice cream cake to drown my sorrows.
Still need/want a Red Bull....and chocolate. Approaching hour 6 of this take-home exam...
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: 1998 inductee who was a was first a beautician
Hm what color sha'll I paint my nails tonight?
Oh, you have a British/Australian accent? Excuse me while I take off all my clothes.
We know very little, and most of what we know is wrong. ~ George Casaday
Show at the Slowdown this Saturday! Only $8!!!
The felling when u upgraded headphones and your music sounds sexc nice...yup
Thanks for the mention! Stay tuned for more updates on tech & social media.
are you going to see Megan and Liz tomorrow?! You should make a poster! They said they're signing posters for free tomorrow!:D
Yeah right and take a $20k a year pay cut? LOL!! No thanks!!
Thank you for the retweets!
Went running and played tennis with Nalani this morning.... And now Lychee :] !!
RE: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY @ the Hippo with Marty O'Malley and the Mayor to share in the big celebration.
POP BOOM POW!!!
I was hoping I could see all of those people and re-decide who should be blocked or not.
good morning tl .
I'm darker than you lol. 😂
RT : Every1 in #ABQ should be able to see a very large sun halo in the sky right now. Use polarized glasses / this is totally true
Do you think you have what it takes to be a Beckett’s Pub Quiz champion? Find out tonight at 7:30pm!
Trucks are at Seminole Hard Rock tonight till 10.
no problem :})
We had a PHENOMENAL time last night! Thank you so much for such a gracious welcome to the neighborhood! Keep your eyes open for pictures!
It is OK to be glad that Osama Bin Laden is dead. It is a justified byproduct of self-defense.
You don't even fuckin care
LaRussa "under the influence" double-bubble night
Hey thank you for following me. I'll be returning the favor shortly.
Had a beautiful day with my mom and fam
In hand, & in process of syncing: NEW iPad! Fresh off the (boat? plane?) from China to Newark. It's even inscribed (love my boyfriend)
did you realize that Goodmorning Austin is TRENDING? ;D
not a stunning design, but it's usable - and that's saying something! Not bad :)
To make up for the lack of dog food factories RT : Why does Edmond have so many trains?!?!
I can attest to that lol
That SoulIISoul remake. Wow!!!
Yea, I just saw you had already tweeted it. What breed is she? I like her coat
please follow on this somber anniversary weekend.
hahah i was just about to tweet that!
Ha! is a supporter. Enough said.
I'd think Dan comes back unless: NBC thinks he's a liability OR he doesn't want to work without Neil and Garrett.
oh, loll . You still got a phone nigga?
polyurethane is a beautiful thing
I love your muttness ;)
you all are the cutest ever and I wish I was enjoying the vino and music with you!
There is no room for a non Muslim country acc to Iran. We never had a problem w Iran. We have never declared war on them
oh yeah.
And I'm thankful 4 your friendship! RT I am thankful for It's important work you're doing. 75/101
i've decided i'm going to treat #rawconf like the 25 days 'til christmas -- tweeting about #rawconf at least once a day until march 24!!
wow lucky !
Congrats to first place online campaign
hey im good how r u and this is Tyler (:
Remaking some of my top coin jewelry designs out of reclaimed copper!
@ what up homie
The post I made to my yahoo group got a crazy # of responses.
true dat!! Finally we agree LOL
If you trade something for the world, doesn't that thing also come with the world? Worst expression.
this is awesome, I had to retweet and share.
Just got back from our auction in Gibson City, IL. Who knew there were more than 200 people in the Gibson City, IL/Paxton, IL area!
Corey gave me a pedicure tonight. #iminlove #hesakeeper I couldn't be happier:)
That's true, its so pretty though!
Learning lots and having fun Excited to hear the next speaker "making your voice heard"
RT : Dear Lord, if I'm ever be stuck in a mine field, please grant me the good fortune of being stuck with Ty Dillon.
It all depends on how high the elevator goes. I say a National Service Organization...
According to WDYTA you don't have to document your ancestry to join the SAR. What kind of message does this send?
Vico Software: A customer since 2007, Vico provides software and services to the building construction industry
making "bili", a sweet liqueur made with queneps...
I know so many people going through positive changes which is so encouraging! I hope my positive change is coming soon too :)
are you kidding me...first ugly guy in this draft.
I need some me time.
Who's coming tonight? #BowlingForRolls ?
#Top100Lies I love you....
who wants to go to Tabu with me.
i can #buildawindmillsteeple tonight after 730pm. I'll text you!
yep & my twitter was gaay<3
OMB ita kinda weird how tweeted wat i was just thinking O.o
I love everybody. Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and some I'd love to punch in the face.
that's a good one lol
There's photoshop, auto tune, and plastic surgery. Too bad there is nothing for your ugly personality
woah I know right where you are. Miss my southern fried afternoons sometimes!
yeah, they actually draft useful players. Imagine that.
Morning #Bmore! Today's word of the day is team! There is no I in it! When one person leaves the next steps up! The beat goes on! Team>I
oh gosh i'm going to be crazy nervous! but i can't wait!
just got off the air when the warning was cancelled - it takes a minute or two to get everything on-air...
One of the best usability resources: Jakob Nielsen
ayyyy I'm just saying lol
thanks for the invite over!
Happy V-Day y'all! Show yourself some love! Get tested!
Say Hi to Alfred!
Cotto is gettin his ass whooped right now 👊
Time to perk up and get my wheatgrass shot!
"Think... It's the new sexy." --Sherlock Holmes (via )
From acorns come oaks. どんぐりからオークが生まれる。
same happens to me! Tilted me pretty hard
Comedy Awards... Incredible, I hope they keep doing this every year!
Need to clean your criminal record? Call NOW. Serving Pinellas County. (727) 474 9988
“My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.'” Mitch Hedberg
Red Space Gallery is movin' on up!
Oddly enough, I've had cable for as long as I can remember, yet I've never sold my hair to a wig shop
Game 6 in Denver #Lakers vs
I'm doing a CNN interview today at 2:30. Not sure if, where or when it'll air.
Always happy to help out a fellow pirate. =)
Come on Rangers!!!
Yes my guy takes #TheVoice big congrats to picked him from the first show big fan!!
#culturalmuseums Ques re how gender b handld in women's mus. R Suarez asks what that would look like.Meanwhile all men on stage here.
KIDNATION CONCERT tonight at August Wilson Center at 8 PM. Support thsi worthy cause after dinner at Braddock's!
alright i put it in the video (:
#countdown thank God.....
Burn RT Boom RT : why did u ever leave the Pats and play for the Browns?
70 today....not too bad. I can be a morning person with an afternoon like that to look forward too!
Listening to a Pandora station based on Work is so much better this way!
just saw a commercial for some new 3D #legendofzelda shit. yeah- pretty sure the #NES og is the best
#20ThingsIlove warm milk.... yummy
Good job murray.(: lets see uk wrap this up and win.#BIGBLUENATION.!
This is a fry short of a happy meal.
I think you'll be okay, unless your afternoon DCs(cokes) equate to 2 gallons a day... on the other hand...
The current space will remain for standardized patient simulation. All procedural simulations will take place on the new floor.
Golf is not a game of good shots. It's a game of bad shots. - Ben Hogan
thanks girl.. Yess we need another applebees night :)
What do you consider to be the perfect food?
in the bedroom for the ppl to come fix our car and a bunch of my stoner friends were there and you were there too...cont
lots of talk @ iPads at #ignition2011 -- places 1 billion ads on iPads every month (iPads only)
do they know what's wrong with him? :-(
ConfigMgr 2012 allows simulate deployments to see if errors will occur. Talk about an awesome way to test!
Well afaic klouchebag can go 2 hell. Hm, I bet it measures caps usage. I CAN PROB SAY ANYTHING AS LONG AS I USE CAPS!
Apparently Ozzie Canseco has a Twitter account (), but how do we know it's not just Jose tweeting in his place?
for the hour of choir practice that I was there for, it was AWESOME :)
Cannot wait for my workout!
ah shit, u gonna drive the morning crew crazy tmrw, lol
how you gonna spend all your child support on everything but the got damn child? FUCKING SHAME
I'm deffinitely makin a grill ham and cheese with an iron.!...
Here we go Buckeyes!!!!
you mean next weekend?! :)
The snuggle bear is so creepy in the commercials.
Great reports coming in from around the Country. Keep it up everyone!
Of work. On the way to the crib. Then to whitney young 4 shannan...day never ends til I hit them sheets
A guy like you needs a crazy girl like me!<3
Tryin to get used to tweeting
McSweeney's "Ultimate Guide to Writing Better than You Normally Do" is particularly apt for me today, as I stare at #dissertation notes.
i know you went through a lot & your life isn't that great, but that doesn't mean everyone else's life around you is perfect.
Drama free
Some nerve. I hope Zambia isn't bombed.
Work then watching the Knick beat the Hawks
Wishing I had a convertible and a mullet right about now. Some people have all of the luck
wish me a cool night?(:
At this point I could hear less if I'm taken or single ;
#IfItWasntForTwitter # would only be used for annoying phone prompts and quickly texting how much you want waffle fries
sure. Your body may or may not have an initial reaction to it but it should work in the long run. Good luck.
Hey everyone, less then 2 weeks until the #FreedomWalkNYC!!! Make sure you tell your friends to join us and Unite for Freedom...
I hear ya. Just curious. A friend coaches at Jacksonville- Juco in Texas. I mentioned to his dad and he was going to pass along.
RT : can we pls retire "cray"? white people at my corporate day job are starting to say it.
congrats on Paradigm! By chance I met Sam Gores years ago and always had Paradigm on the radar. Lovely pairing.
The expert panel is speaking about video! Something we know a little bit about :) Do use #video for your online marketing efforts?
omg I know and the song I was just like why u soo cute
I'd pretend to be your housewife any day. Cartoons, soccer, what's next? The Biggest Loser? My "meaningful" career is over
it would have to be Johnson that demoted himself for the cause #RonPaul has done too much to be VP on that ticket..pipe dream
I appreciate the follow and I return the favor. Looking forward to your tweets.
Your guests may not remember the type of cake they had at your event, but I promise they will remember the entertainment.
I just noticed something, you have LONG hair now
Gas is getting so high I can't afford to drive to work. I drive 35 miles one way. I don't know what I'm going to do.
thank you, too!
Don't find fault, find a remedy. - Henry Ford
Great services, for now ;)
i hate clothes
This is just a test.
YES! #BabyLuxForPresident is the greatest trend ever!
They were in miami??
Last night My son and daughter-in-law announced they are having a baby, sounds so weird to hear I'm going to be a grandma
well u would b "the 1 and only" woman. I'm home evr nite now. Don't travel out like I used to.
So after a day of sitting on it, that show last night was weird as hell
Holding interviews on Wednesday at 5 pm for servers and bartenders. If you need a job this summer. Come on out !!
Diverse group. Two songwriters, garage and hardcore leanings respectively. #dinosaurs&thunder
Is it possible to F up your ankle without remembering how? It's been swollen and sore since Saturday.
The Little Things You Do Together
Couldn't have asked for a better way to end a Friday night.
Waiting for the right guy to be with
I think I missed the driver ed class on how inching forward every 5 seconds at a red light makes it turn green faster.
#GoTribe I'm proudly Yoruba, any other tribe could go to hell idgaf
I'm going to try
just got back from a Greek festival here in cincy. Had an awesome timeand got too much sweets. Did you like xmen 1st class?
the Ridley Scott movie?
Man i Cant Trust Nothing
midterms week is always hell, so friggen exhausted
On way home drove by flooding areas of the San Diego River, was okay then, but how long will it be okay with the rain still coming down?
We're excited to come to Kent State too! Thanks for being a fan!
Headed to an audition.. Prayers going up!!! Love acting.. Getting to relive my cheer days!! ;-)
Unless you're into side-to-side scrolling.
RT : Here's to another successful Opening Night of the San Francisco Green Film Festival! Fantastic Film and great party!...
working when the weather is this nice is a CRIME
i hate when people try && play both sides of the fence
Watching work is slightly mesmerizing
Best concert of my life it was so fucking awesome
Blacklavender says weezy gives a stunning jaw dropping performance!!
You know you're on the #easternshore when said elderly gentleman calls the barmaid a stupid twat. Only 46 miles to OC's at
Great season for the #Winterhawks ends in Game 7 of the WHL Finals. Oil Kings win 4-1 and will head to the Memorial Cup.
And now I can relax
just because. it was the first song i ever heard by them, too :P
Massive downpour in Apple Valley! We need the rain, just not an entire's months worth in one hour!
Birthday wish...can i host saturday night live?
Come see Pete McCutchen's photos and listen to irish melodies by Conor Malone at 901 New York Ave NW till 8pm tonight!
Marietta/GA
check now
so nice here this past week, maybe we will have a summer afterall!
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Not the biggest fan of Pacult. He charges 10.99 for his iwhiskey app and has not updated it for 2 Years. That's lame.
Everything in life is temporary.
funny i don't recall the players standing up against the condition of monte carlo courts; and they resulted in 2 serious injuries.
Eerily quiet on tv. Sounds like a golf tournament.
Put a smile on ma'am.
well if the tire turns about 400 times in a mile, wack 80 in half and thats 40 min.
Oh hey i want to do something tonight, who's down?
#imjesus I do what i want
I'm in as well. Cocktail here then we can always walk over.
agreed! #itsallforLove! You have to love the journey & adventure! :)
I cannot say enough bad things about him LOL.
Nope! In the office. Wouldn't miss it. Huge day for our team.
Watching dirty dancin wiff my mommy
They know what it is! Yall know what it is! lol hahahaha
#Raiders dominated! Go #Chiefs!
thanks for follow krystal
Keep your mouth shut and your legs open
SHUT UP! ELIZABETH WARREN is part INDIAN. I thought she was just INTELLIGENT and was going to beat the HELL out of SCOTT BROWN. NLD Mom.
ReThink Interview: Ondi Timoner -- On Tech Startups and the Documentary ... - Huffington Post
I'm cummn I had 2clean this room...but yes we gtta most def tawk cause I can't
Hey team! Requested demo earlier this week, re-requested just now. Any way I can get a demo tomorrow morning?
Considering giving all my faculty an iPad2 that they could use to fan themselves off.
Digging Stella's "blue steel" look
The only "winner" in this case would be the media.
Huge OT win! Let's go
good looking parents!! No wonder you're so adorable!
IMHO, there are few things more tortutous than leading a 5x5 league in May. I'm paranoid to stay ahead of curve + I want to stick w/ guys.
That would be Fight Club
Happy birthday ! <333
it's not that they don't realize it , it's because they can't do nothing about it lol
Interesting interpretation that the Supreme court does not have right to undermine a law passed by congress. THAT is unconstitutional. hmm
thank you so much! Thanks for letting us feed you!
Thanks for your time talking with us at NMNH last week - plenty of work ahead, but all do-able.
Of course you get to keep your superhero cape! For the speed-reading and many other reasons. <3
Good morning and Happy Easter, everyone! Doesn't take much to say it back. It would be appreciated.
Trying to gather names of top hs coaches in different states. Any help wud b appreciated.
#GoingRed with chipotle chicken breast with zucchini and squash!
After an amazing weekend, going back to work to rest. Looking forward to a GREAT week!
But Then I'm Going To Be A Loner -.-
Family beside us in departure lounge - iPhone, iPhone, iPhone, iPad, all keying, none talking.
IT'S NEVER OVER!!!! 6 SECONDS LEFT! Missed the actual goal when I went to brush my teeth. Shame on me!
guessing 99% of your followers do not meet VIP status.
You gotta keep up...you gotta keep going!
Call Of Duty Mode.
It's a ponytail and pearls kinda day
News about Diablo I reminds me of the approximate 10 days I spent on the underground caverns of Diablo II collecting items.
great day today, lots of cool stuff done... www.starlightstudiosorlando .com
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my advantage to do for it anything I can.
RT : Street food asia.. Delicious!
Hey it's #humpday! Try a $1 drink with lunch!
the security at the air port
RT pumped to c the last number. Looking gr8 from here. Everyone is mesmerized
Frozen rave pizza! It's the coolest!
For what purpose would social media monitoring serve if not for control? Terrorism is not an excuse. The Govt. fears the masses. Good!
Stop being thirsty , it's not a good look !
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Congrats to Cathy Hughes on winning the 2012 NAACP Chairman's Award. =)
im hear u no were to find me
If you want to still be considered a best friend, start acting like one.
I'm at Occupy Los Angeles tonight! Come find me and support the movement :)
well said sir!
#obvs (please excuse the tween language, it was most appropriate) As did I.
Love!!RT : RT : if we only develop our brain we will loose sight of our heart.
LOLL! How have you been twitter bestiee?
“: FRIENDS: Knock on your door. BEST FRIEND: Walks into your house and starts eating.” all day at Galle's :)
Watching "Red Sox in 2" and feel cheated they edited out two innings of Justin Verlander pitching.
I am now! : ) I like your site and your mission.
ABDC. tonight. ICONic Boyz. Cant wait
thank you so much :] but I have ps3 only you can pass the code for an xbox user, sorry I thought you were giving ps code :]
pride => disgrace, humility => wisdom.
It's like the parting of the orange sea! WTF!!
Sipping on some Amsterdam ....
why do you have to go to the same places all the time. Like ugh.
Wow, you really care about putting down another team that much? I'm not a huge baseball fan but love underdogs, not bullies.
hell yeah they betta
I'm goin to typhoon lagoon then the party at islands of adventure tonight gonna e like 200 people in the park no fucking lines or bullshit
Ontario Woman's Club to hold appraisal event - Inland Valley Daily Bulletin
Yes RT wings on deck for u sis when U come back!!!
yes beach tomorrow!!
wow here in Los Angeles, CA it's 10:45 am so it's tonite rite?
My mama is cooking some good stuff.....#superbowlpartymyhouse... follow me, I follow back. TEAM ALEXIS
Haha. Wait, reading it? Or did somebody leave a note in the office?!
Bored and tired not in the mood 2 do anything but mabe enjoy the day nice and sunny but windy
holy shit! Stay in, stay safe!
Welcome Morroco! Help A Librarian has reached 50 countries.
Our spanish teacher put as cooter on the projecter hahahahaha
AAVG watch at open tomorrow...
Catching the tail end of a presentation on the possible future of the Poe House. Lots of good ideas!
If this isn't curl up on the couch coffee drinking weather, we don't know what is! Stay safe and enjoy the day everyone!
aren't they amazing?! They're hilarious! Haha'
Happy Happy Birthday!
My 3rd tweet and 3rd follow goes to the boy who stole my birthday, because he is my inspiration, and i love him 143 (:
Glad to hear it!
The absolute classiest.
We're always open to new ideas! Thanks Amanda :)
Haha! Monkey chant. Did you ever do that where they all sit in a circle?
RT Give a basic bitch some followers, and she thinks she's the shit
paying attention and bravo!
#np 'My boy builds coffins' Florence + The Machine
My male cousins are some of the coolest cats I know!
Tornado Watch in effect for Wilcox, Clarke and Monroe Co. until 5pm - NO one else in #WSFA area is included in this watch.
Have a good day Chef! RT TGIF!
Thanks for following the MHMusic Squad. Follow everyone
#instagood RT Photo: Win a QSW beach blanket! Just share on Instagram a sunset photo using hashtag #qswsunsets!
:) we hope to have a show there sometime in near future! come shout at us on our fb page sometime too :)
"taxes are a game. If you think it's anything else, you're taking yourself too seriously." -Ed, CPE instructor
glad u are good!! :-) I'm great, auditioning for The Voice on Sunday. Super excited
RT Interesting preso re: online, video-based platform (Wahi) that simulates human convo. Case - tampabaygangs.com.
guys and girls can both do terrible/heartbreaking things .___. it bothers me when people just blame one sex for relationship troubles.
Warrior is far superior in every aspect compared to The Fighter.
the show is on.
Life Lesson: anytime you learn a lesson what you are really doing is trading your time and energy for knowledge and wisdom..
I like the direction of your "casual lifestyle" theme.. Perhaps the white font in the footer is a little hard to read/see?
Thank you for the FOLLOW :D xoxo
"How do you go from where you are to where you want to be? I think you have to have an enthusiasm for life." - Jimmy V
you're crabby
webinar + pie = good planning.
Dear God,I know this life isn't easy,so because of ur love I'll always have faith in u. Love Jennifer
I don't usually drink tequila, but when I do I text back in Spanish hha
Thank you, Jenny!
Finally! Cross-compiled #mono 2.8.1 for #OpenWrt on #armeb and used it to run a small #FSharp program on an
Agreed RT : I am not confident that the industry will self regulate here. There needs to be more incentives
Bad Teacher
#ilookforward to this summer its gonna be epic .^_^.
Just Let Go & Let God.
just turn it on on Netflix
have you created an account yet? You're prompted to make an account when you sign up.
Thanks for a great conversation today at #sxsw!
Just do a couple extra reps in the gym or some extra tabata training. The cookie calories will be gone in no time.
#dhtrial wynonas attorney mark garagos just won 8 million in insurance bad faith related case. 5 million for elder abuse!
OMG!!! just got my new phone!
Your love is intoxicating. <3
not sure about the FF element, but it's specifically for Mac. Supposedly runs super small. Something always looks a lil off though
wise choice. Ok this is seriously fucked up funny but all the halo's I've bought have been stolen from me. Except for 2.
Looks like its back up
Numbers high, I'm high.
Good job last night bro , avoiding that potential disaster ..haha
Everybody Is Talking About Height Now , Lol .
Ugh. Body turns to plasma every time a Titanic 3D commercial airs. Excuse me while I tuck my pre-teen back in.
wow! Tell me Demetri isn't going?
haha I never burn cupcakes and THEY'RE PURPLE :D
Is #HRT going to make it to the grid with De La Rosa's car? Perhaps the first big question of the #F1 season
good for you! Get your workout on, honey cakes, LMAO :)
Tip #157: In HU NL play versus an agg opp you should limp your button more often. This opens up more plays in pos.
What do you thinkabout the hi # of transfers this yr?
- good thing he has trouble focusing on school work.
Thank You! Are there any internships available for students yet?
have a wonderfull day and be safe
RT : Bin Laden has been gone a year to the day.
There is nothing better than burning >250cal and sweating profusely to get the day going. #cardio #LAFitnessinthebasement #consistency?
you'll be glad to know I just registered us for several new sets of stemware and other various glasses, as well as ramekins.
For every single political issue in US, citizens are asked to donate money to fight the cause. Fed up with it. Totally fed up with it.
Time to go to the hospital.
I know that it will help!! WHO DEY!! let's get this lockout over with, and let's play some football!!
Just had a big bowl of Escarole and Beans made with fresh smoked bacon! Awesome!
Back to Had a 3-day break from Shawn T and digging deeper. Now onto my last two weeks and a thrilling finish!
Love doesn't always have to be such hard work
aw the little bunnies are so cute!! I personally like the purple 1! ;) thx for the discount!! much luv xx
My Son Is My Greatest Achievement !
well you're silly :P
I would never 
Value yourself enough to choose to be with someone who wants you as much as you want them.
I vote this scheme forever be banned! No matter the outcome. Same for the ref uniforms. Both are terrible.
works for me!
Souljaboy get with me and let tour together Bro.
MAC celebrates Miami's Moms #macmoms w/
need to get 2 runs here and we are back in the game
It's perfect ice cream weather. Not too hot not too cold
Any teachers out there? RT : Would love a "beyond Google" research class. Help a girl out, #Philly!
Now they're saying the sports pack isn't even available at my new address...
Impeach Scott Walker. Support Wisconsin!
Is the season finale of House of Lies really this weekend?? Dammit. I feel like it just started.
all chips are good!
Tyler? Did you tell him you block Novak's shot? A lot of mocks have the Bucks grabbing him at 12.
How u gone b older than me still throwin temper tantrums grow tf up,
Can't believe servers crashed again. Glad I'm sitting these things out from now on.
funny you should say that. After googling haskell, the link I chose was for learnyouahaskell.com :)
how did he do it?
Lesson learned: Don't try to fit an IKEA wardrobe organizer into a ClosetMaid closet system. Frustrated.
Oh, and happy 234th birthday country o'mine!
RT GlRLTHINGS: Sometimes, I don't text you first because I don't want to feel like I'm annoying you.
If these fools are dogs then call me the animal abuser :) haha
but yet I see you having lots of fun!
IGOT MY NABOR ON TAPE BEATING ON HIS NABORS HOUSE WITH A BACEBALL BAT AND HES SAID NEXTIME HES NOT GOING TO COME PEACEFULLY DOYOU HERE THAT
thanks - just received my certification-proud to be a member of such a great organization!!!
Jus finished doing dreads,I knw it's strange but I had 2 do it.Any1 wit a heart wud step in I guess dats wut dey call
": Already helped me accomplish bday goal: "daww ur welcome
In the one year since I was licensed to practice in Illinois my first chair verdicts and settlements total $905,984.65.
Love how in "Harlem is Nowhere," the #library is a central cast member for the author, specifically the &
Let's go with "creepy."
Who wants to see LMFAO live in concert!? Know my HOT MESS of the week at 4pm and be caller 103! 766-1035
<------ FOLLOW THE ORIGINAL ' to the mahomies ' account! :-)
lmao did u see that HS pic I tweeted
It was a serious struggle to get up this morning. Womp
praying for ya sis
glad I'm not the only one. I'm sure I'll give in by 9:15 :)
My new tattoo is so sick!
Them idiots don't know past 65 our fingers and eyes work just fine.
Great responses today on 25th and St Paul! Cops came toward the end because of the kid who tagged me 3 times with a bibi gun! I am ok.
: taking another moment to congatulate you on your HOF induction. I'm sorry I could not be there in person.
"If you're gonna bring a laser pointer, you gotta have a cat" - words of wisdom from
Vanessa Hudgens must be hating her life after seeing Zac in this movie.
This is an argument in favor of the voice-operated home. My lamps would be triggered by invective, my alarm clock by threats.
#NoAssAtAll you better have money to make up for it.
aw, you're wonderful, ! thanks! what a great way to end my day :-)
Whats up man, you left us a message on Reverb.... Follow us so we can talk thanks... Orphanz™
keep hydrated as well
When will FM radios be able to be recorded like DVR? #Free! #Idea! i want to record/reverse and save shows or songs. Is this happening? 3112
20 MORE DAYS
#Brewers who were the packers at the game today?
Church is the new stage show where everyone can be in the play.
Sip until I spill it smoke it til its done
DEPENDING ON HOPE AND WISHING CAN BE A BAD CHOICE SOMETIMES !!!
Blues festival in Lebanon. Pretty cool event.
Wine Tasting in Temecula with my book club girls!
Omg I did not put that as my twitter name.....Tristan
I wish I could have a 14 month old. That first infant year is a killer. But does go so quickly. In a sleepless fog of wonder. ;)
Setting up near the Tech Petting Zoo at the Super Happy Block Party Hope the robots don't eat our ping pong balls.
I don't understand!
These tunes pumping out the Neubig speakers are phenomenal! :)
I'm so depressed that I'm not seeing Allstar Weekend at all.... Not even funny <|3
Yes and I HATE TEA CAKE, so why on Earth do the bots serve it to their guests!
Congrats! I know you helped us!
Happy sunday tweethearts!
Plain and simple answer! RT : body. lol
would love a ski adventure! RT : I'm thinking you & Raul need a Colorado snow adventure this year...
Even has a mile long line! People taking #cincodemayo really seriously!
thanks for liking my page.
absolutely dudes. can't wait. :)
wouldn't that just be cool?I'm sure one day there will be:) know the name of some good painters lol No. or So.Va?
Spread the butter wait why did I just say that im assuming your eating rolls rite now not that I would care wait I would care
RT: " STAYS making me proud to be an Oh So Fly Hermana <3"
I don't care how your workout was today.
Awful. Terrible loss. What a waste. This team has a lot of holes...
Is enjoying Miller High Life, and their donations to Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, IAVA. You should too!
That will go down as one of the greatest moments ever.
good to see you both and catch up a little Saturday. Great night.
Season/Home Opener!!!! GO HAWKS GO!!
Happy Groundhog Day! What's happening on #Larchmont today?
Tell your parents Ted Nugent is playing the New Daisy tomorrow. Watch their eyes light up.
anyone know of an open post office in phoenix? near zip 85050. thanks!
Making fun of the Buff kid for doubting god is not cool. There was absolutely nothing wrong w/ anything he said. Many ppl in the
Kiddo and I are half comatose on the couch...
looks like it could send a fax too
What is the difference between digital society and the one we live in? From Cullen Murphy at
You did great Sally! I just loved watching all of your videos - what fun!
You should live tweet the movie. Just to complete the hype.
when do you come home? I miss yahh! (:
looking like it is all over at Twickenham!!
The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.
In your opinion which company consistently gets it wrong/makes bad decisions?
I need to learn how to study
I've gotta go, will be back on twitter later
Gonna crash tonight, exhausted
We have some great deals on #VIP- if you want to ask questions or book a table, please call 414.335.9569!
RT ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ I love my mom
good morning sunshine! I don't know if you were going or staying, but where ever you are, be safe and have fun(:
Happy birthday!
Tink deliberately thwarts the chain of command, gives false orders to try to assassinate Wendy. Banished for a week.
Protecting people are the main ideas behind safe gun storage.
Happy to serve you!
This is why I love you!<3. (NH)
Off Top and I'm sorry to disappoint you lol but I didn't get an A on the test I got B+ tho that test was hard as hell tho
sigh. i love you too. but. ugh. i don't even know. text me please?
oh alright then you have fun xD
them was the days
“: The only thing that will get me through writing an entire news cast is matchbox twenty's pandora station” attagirl
The Hernando, MS has to be the suckiest one on the planet.
“: l get butterflies when i feel your touch <3”
They playing poppin on wgci as a throwback jam lol i heard this song in a while
and it's not missing you.
pick me please :-)
About 4 years ago, #localgov CEx's started to see a trend in emails direct from Ministers - why do they always arrive at 4.30 on Fridays?
That's great! Disneyland definitely is one of our favorite places! There is always electricity and magic in the air!
I'm a Mike Miller fan. You have to love shooters.
hahah riding deep in the Kia!
how my teacher, teaches us it is only some parts aren't
Like a gun slinger!
lol what's up? Finals been keep you busy? :)
I hate you guys, one day Chick-Fil-A will come to Oregon and then I will rule the world!
ah, it's so nice to have a home on Christmas.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommies out there!
Can't believe actually made it ❤❤❤
#umami paste just arrived. Anyone out there have cooking suggestions? Can I use in #chili?
Thank you so much for your kind words. I am just worried about labs being closed in Nov-Dec, and delaying a potential IVF.
haha! "do your research" ..hilarious! I'm on it! :)
Dear , shush it. Lol
Come see us before the game!
watching for it as well, but don't think it will have anything to do with race
": Due tomorrow = Do tomorrow" story of my life -____-
Happy Birthday. I love GetFlow.
it was so very disappointing. And I went in wanting to love it!
working across party lines, less partisan/political football, cutting out the gamesmanship, and doing your work on time!
Oh jeez, how does that happen?!
Yeah, he looks like it. He doesn't need to do all that much for me!
Is she pretty?RT : i know what she really looks like!
That looks amazing!
feminine fellas will throw a monkey wrench n some shit
Real nigga shit ball out here try my best to keep my starting pos
Welcome New Followers!! Sat Morning Shoutout!
yay! Anxiously waiting for my gold card! Within a week Im already more than halfway to my free drink!!
Thanks for the message. Happy to follow. I have some projects w/ close ties to China. Looking forward to learning from you.
Hi Manuela,I love you on Price Is Right. You ar sp cute and sweet. :)
WHAT TYPE OF FOUL WAS THAT.
people outside the mall asking if they can serenade you for some change.. okay!
Badger game today! Wouldn’t some tacos make the game that much better?
rechargeable batteries.
Good morning! I hope everyone had a great weekend and all the mommies had a Happy Mother's Day :) Come get a healthy SUBWAY breakfast!
I hate my third period so much. -____- I dont even wanna go.
My big brothers music is rubbing off on me..its weird.. I like good music now, not shitty mainstream music..yayay
Have a great weekend!
New: Foie Gras Oysters sauteed, with quail egg sunny side up and a white truffle balsamic reduction.
We'll know the future of the Farmers Market Building in Sherman Heights in about 1hr 30 mins.
nowhere now it done got cold. Lol
yeah I was doing okay, but I've become pretty distracted as the nights gone on
what do you look like I'll give u a shout out If I make it on X factor ! :)
We're all gonna get matching tattoos that say "Dirty Chai Life" in Papyrus.
that moment you realize McGee from NCIS is Zachary binx from Hocus Pocus.
Woo Hoo I won tickets from Sprint to the Nascar Race on Sunday ... First Good Luck I have had in weeks maybe the cards will follow as well.
glad you made it home...Spidey misses Jordini. You can come back if you want to look at a pretty tree!
“: My hometown station just announced my summer concert with ..venue is right by my house. BBQ batches!
EXLIBRIS-L: A great forum for those of us who hate answering the actual question asked.
I was having such a good day until this
Thanks for RTing our blog post!
I cant stop laughing at Countess LuAnn
naw but you trying be down ?!
Figured. If you need someone to watch your back up here, I always give the Corporate Discount to people who were good to me!
ICarly!! I Go One Direction!!
you have been very quiet lately.....
So when my brother can't find mother's day cards, he buys my mom a Mexican graduation card, a fiber one bar & a mother's day balloon 😂
Made Mexican Chocolate Brownies tonight, such a good idea. Don't know why the idea never occurred to me before.
“: Thank you for just referring to a car as a "music studio", that just made my night and sums up everyone's lives.” :)
Tune in! Jo Koy on 97.9fm Hilarious stuff! RT : West Palm Beach, FL: I am up early and about to be on
Thanks for the RT, Ryan. It is much appreciated:)
what about me lol
Don't get into trouble. Take our Shuttle.
A very strong day reaching everyone's studliest goals. We are on pace to make the 1,000,000 point challenge. Keep up the good work!
if you build it, I will come. ;-)
Blount with a HUGE run. Gains 30 yards bouncing to the right side and then over a DB.
their proceeds back into local communities/non-profits, etc (i.e. companies like Better World Books).
Do it
LIAM WHATEVER YOU DO... DO NOT HAVE YOUR TWITCAM WHILE I AM AT SCHOOL!
It's almost Summer... Of Punk 3. Yes! Yes! Yes!
hanging out today with Jacob, Jocelyn, and Kyle was one huge wild party. :) Today was fun but school tomorrow? no thank you..
follow me bck
SKINNY NIGGA but im tat tat tatted UP!!!!! {FOLLOW ME} If u have tatz lolz
Its a nice day out...ill be done around 4 :D
whats on the agenda:Challenges facing Public Pension Plans: past, present and future
yep. I know. But so true.
FOLLOWING SOME FOLLOWERS OF =)
I just auditioned last week for In Plain Sight...what's your favorite thing about the show?
"If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you; If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you"
Two Asian ladies cooking something I don't recognize but it smells good.
who called you?
"I like high 5s. Wanna know why? Cuz they're consensual." -overheard at NAU
but baby it's cold outside ...
i hate those so called friends that talk shit behind your back.
Causin' a commotion ... I hope you find what yer lookin' for ... We're wastin' time -- make up yer mind and get into the groove!
how can you yell?
Why this 30+ yr old lady in the restaurant acting like she 16...
Thanks for the follow !
Up now, Florida Virtual Schools' Holly Sagues
u close thursday? RT : It's official. Daisuke Matsuzaka will pitch for Pawtucket Thursday night in Durham.
I'd like to see a tv series about the menagerie of Hippolytus Medici. Intrigue! Desperation! Linguistic confusion!
I'll be singing for for their awareness event at Grace United Methodist downtown tomorrow 19th 6:00!! Come on out!
what a shame that Seth is leaving...SMH
i get annoyed when you fakes spam my mentions get the fuck out my mentions -_-
was I invited to VC?
Nice work on the #IgniteBaltimore webcast last night
RT ❦ "When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know... P E A C E" ~Jimi Hendrix
thanks for the links. I am trying to figure out how schools that are in the middle obtain technology.
#idol - Joshua made a good song choice. It was smooth for the most part but got a bit screamy at the end.
when someone can't fight their own fights <<<<<<<
Haha, I was running 60, I'm sorry that I wasn't going 90 like you ma'am!! You slow down tomorrow! Now I shall sleep! Night!
RT : Putting off a decision IS a decision, a decision to do nothing. Seldom does doing nothing produce something worthwhile.
Congrats to on their Victory over Loyola. Pride & Poise!!
agreed, travel for work a lot, so I have lots of people watching experience.
In the process of moving for the 3rd time in two yrs.
Q1 is now underway yeah. Those nectar points are more important though!!
Good morning, twitter! Skip Bayless just called Shaq...Shakira O'Neal!!! Totally funny and took me by surprise tis morning.
getting an hdmi cable to watch movies on my tv instead of my laptop >
Reading the papaer at work. I am so busy!
oh my goodness! Arbogeddon?
Iverson was never better than Kobe though..
All the credit for the past tweet goes to (but it is a great book!)
Madonna's new album is titled, 'MDNA' Will it be genetics themed, or an EDM album produced by Skrillex?
Where in Arkansas and Oklahoma do you have ties?
Just finished working on a music video with our lovely blue Monster puppet Fritz. I am sure he is gonna break hearts ;)
with most of the crew today.
looking nice fellas
Its the journey, not the destionation : )
on the way to the lab...workin on the key 2 success volume 2.......free my dawg jamesjo
I'm #graduating today!!!
What ever you fear most, lean into it. It has not 1/10 the power of your light. It will surely topple. xxoo
Speaking of Madonna, got #mdna in the mail yesterday....mega snaps
The f*ck w/ #whataburger, the AT&T Center needs an In-N-Out in their arena...
BTW east coasters, I'm not insensitive. I'm just snarky.
When gets the balls to invite me to sing karaoke sometime, her and the lives of all MKE Alehouse patrons will never be the same.
Thank you for your kind words and thoughts. They're truly appreciated.
good camp suggestions. Is a small camera ok to bring?
what I miss trek?
Beautiful- Eminem on replay. <3
Thank you for the follow, I appreciate your support and wish you well in yours as well =) ps, your tweets make me laugh
Nine players w/in two shots of the lead!
Anyone interested in SoundersFC seats for next week's LA Galaxy Match? I have six seats for sale four rows from the field...
Currently recording. Come see us play with this Friday night!
Im so fucking tired.... grrrr I so dont feel like working
Off to the C3 Breakfast Dialog this morning. Discussing South Embarcadero (UT Stadium Plan). Please say Hi if you see me...
UNICEF is hiring a Rails developer. Way to go Rails.
Meeting w my accountant in a few hours... Goodnight and goodbye weekend.
. Hmm. That's a good idea. You've inspired us to hold a Twitter contest tomorrow! Stay tuned...
Great to meet you, too!
I live Nick's shyness when he talks about girls... Ah! :D
a person is like a book a can throw u away
those are some anti-archival high acid materials. Just had a glass of 07 Dilemme CDJ which I will pair with a nap.
You know you're a fanboy when bar graphs on CNBC remind you of partials on Operator.
holy moley!! Even the black ones? If so, I've got nothing :-/
Finding all sorts of people I can think of on here..im liking this so far
SO TRUE! Thanks for the reminder (as I chug my coffee this morning).
like may 25thish but then i'm going to the mrytal beach for a week, so beginning of june i'd say.. or around the 3rd
Went to the Bellevue Chamber yesterday. That group has great energy.
I hope everyone got out and voted today! The past year speaks volumes to how important it is to vote for who represents your beliefs.
I take that back. Hibbert sucks tonight.
so many of my questions about keyword searching of the Shoah video archives have been answered.
62" degrees today Milwaukee
saw reunion. You are mean.
I gotta be honest, I'm sexist when it comes to Pokémon. x) I don't want a girl Pokémon that looks like a boy one, and vise versa :p
Im giving the answer soon
Free show tonight! Blue Star Creeper & friends, starting soon. Come on down, the Super Moon compels you...
RT : Video: Crosby Kemper I joins Gov Nixon's Civil War Commission & talks about Missouri's role in the CW....
It's DAY TWO of the biggest Beach Bash in Wrigleyville! Shipwrecked at the CMC $25 OPEN Bar & Food Buffet 3-7PM during Lake View Music Fest!
Sometimes you just gotta get down to business.
Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good! His faithful love endures forever. Psalm 106:1
Ahh! #JaneEyre is trending! Hurrah! For free access to selected articles on JE go to www.maney.co.uk/journals/bst & click on 'top articles'
GOING TO THE BIG TIME RUSH CD SIGNING IN NATICK SATURDAY!!! OMFG I am so fuckin excited!!! i can't wait to meet them!!! :D
Rickey Heads to Atlanta Motor Speedway tomorrow leaving behind many fans and friends in Daytona, Symarna, St Cloud, Florida come see us!
Arizona man shoots penis, check our web page under US & World News -- Baldinger
thank you love!!! Means a lot
Friday Flood Tip: Remove as much water as possible by mopping and blotting.
Damn looks like trouble in #Heat land
i had tears in my eyes. Because actually that it so true. I feel sad. But on the other hand I feel happy about J
So, this is happening.
