#BathroomMakeover begins today. Step one remove all existing walls, floor and vanity.
but listen anyway! Comes out in June. Best, JP
The Shadow Rising: Robert Jordan
DISH Network's SiriusXM Channel 70's at 7 plays Casey Kasem's 1970s Countdown every Sunday at 7AM. It's satellite music worth waking up for!
Still mixing..
You don't know this.but for 3 years you were my only friend and you taught me a lot.thank you for everything you've did for me
As JRE used to say: "That's not my America!"
is there any way i can cheat in words with friends? has beat me 5 times in a row. i must redeem myself.
i get a lot out of your conversations here there and everywhere. and i'm leaning toward uxflashmob vs. scheduled chat.
"While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart." -Francis of Assisi
How is everyone?
Mike Wallace is dead dam the steelers are in trouble
wacth My friend T-pains dad on vh-1 now. The at 10 watch mary mary on WETV
Bedtime with peanut and kiwi ☺💤
Byebye L.A. D;
um ok....and its what i will be doing ten years from now
We all make mistakes and fall but it's all about how we get back up.
True : somewhat depends what the line of service is, enjoy using for #custserv at my local govt! App FTW
Good morning winter sun.
T-2 days until MAMMOTH
wen I saw #Geraldo live on the street I knew that if the gods hadnt whisked him off to Oz in a cyclone the rest of NYC was safe.
bro thats nasty
they have an amazing brunch!! Let's go!!
im down with the tuna yo - u just crack me up with your #IneedToKnow. Lol
“Hope is what makes us strong. It is why we are here. It is what we fight with when all else is lost.”—Pandora (God of War I)
haha oh that's fun haha.
“: just gave it to in 2k”gott lucky dude what time r u going to be at our practice.
Rest of my teachers who were great Ms. Brady, Mrs. Benson, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Harris, Ms. Cruett and Mrs. Stone.
For locally led teacher crrclm and assessment that meet peer review. Portfolio. Project.
that's awesome!
Albuquerque police haven't shot anyone in 3 months!!! They were shooting a person every month for last 20 months.
#happybirthdaydebby that all your dreams come true
I don't think Dan Brown has been properly educated on the function of ellipses. They are not like commas, good sir.
One way to keep higher ed costs down? Take on the blood-thirsty world of academic publishing.
what do you like / what are you using it for?
RT: Thanks to for being the best EA on the planet! If you need a great exec. assistant then hit at MAG. Quality company
SECCA is hosting a volunteer meeting on Thurs, Feb. 16 @ 4:30 pm. Come by if you'd like to be a part of the contemp art scene in W-S.
*Cough* Cough* BULLSHIT
RT : Tweet if you were bored by Louisville & Florida.[what's boring is NBA play after watching March Madness!]
Thanks for the RT!
potential for vulgar language!!
haha WOAH WOAH WOAH. so i cant follow any more of my friends but i can follow ellen? really ? realllyyy?????????
"Exciting is not it? Break the rules!" "Who are you and what he did with Hermione Granger?"
www.youtube.coiiuuim
is considering the concept of "excerpting" and copyright infringement.
has a FLIP phone!!!
and in the same City this is gonna be Epic!!
Where is George doing this?
Pam Soltis looking for volunteers to be involved with #iDigBio research coordination and scientific community outreach
RT This is a great article for people who are trying to transition into a lifestyle rather than a 'fad'
next friday, but we haven't pinned down a time. ... but you have to be a member to attend. we both are. are you?
my throat doesn't hurt anymore! now I just have this cough & an achy body! :(
Thanks for your contributions yesterday. Really appreciated the links to good games too
Sorry! I decided to create a separate one just for food. But you can continue to follow for personal tweets
don't make fun of me lmao!
absolutely not. And I wasn't impressed with the who at all....
yeah I remember those days, you told me " KEEP YA PIMP HAND STRONG YOUNGBLOOD"
Support Ohead Musik Justice for Slain Father "N.Brown ft. O-Head .. See Dem.wmv" on YouTube...
UP WAY TOO EARLY ON A SUNDAY! BOO HOO!
Ikr.! Mm how do i inbox this ish.! Lmao. Havent been on this in a while . WTF.?!? So much to tell you P.!
hi mark I have been a fan for a long time. I have a hat that ur father sent me. I work for a trucking company in Missouri
standard thought is north of hartford is sox country south yankees with metro split.Reductive but in my experience its pretty even
Is it sad that I didn't even have to get off my couch to get my credit card for payment? I already had it memorized.
Malawi's president has died & scary stuff is happening to (from NatGeo), who was there on a trip.
So monday is finally here! Yall ready??Lol
awesome pic as usual!!!!!
Silver lining: The food court at Cross Roads is a delightful sampling of ethnic cuisine!
It doesn't say much for the way my brother's hair looked when I arrived that my efforts with his kitchen clippers made a huge improvement...
calvin lol. should be a mop up win. ;)
Career and Technology Center: not just “Vo-Tech” anymore | The ...
"Where does he get all of those wonderful toys?" Jack Nicholson as Joker in 'Batman'.
expectations as a fan? Theyre not a BCS team right now but they're my fave team. Wheres the harm?
oh yeah i got the packers covered like charles woodson
:O omg soo magical!! What kind??
Can you do that with a filter?
Just been chillin' and what not! homework! I finally got meet MT :)
well he is kinda homo old man
great! sunny and perfect.
Is anyone watching the celebrity all-star game tonight? Any celeb in particular?
Oh you model? What's your agency... Facebook? Instagram?
PickUpLine: What would you like for breakfast? Why? Well I just wanted know what to make for you in the morning!
The horrible thing is, I can't remember the last time I made someone angry.
Auction in a full swing It's for a great cause!
listening to music watching wii <3 fun times :D
gettin ready for a end of school party:D what about you
What did sally just see?
Follow back please? BIG FAN of your son, and everything he does for his #mahomies <33
I told you that already. Why did you think I told you that you needed to go to Natalie school? For nights like this :-)
says place more bets to get breakthroughs! Failure rate of energy innovation is over 90%. We need to get 1000s of ideas $$
Working on some music today :)
U.S. Treasury plans to sell $5 billion worth of AIG shares
Ensenada is indeed beautiful, the Festival takes great care of us- very nice, we have great time.
Love yourself. That way up can decide who you are going to love instead of finding out who's the next person to hurt you
weea im from bulgaria end im your big fan
Liar liar. c:
True RT : some girls fuck their pretty skin/body up w/ tatts .. it's not that serious .
Off to brunch at Brennan's.
Lebron is doing anything he can to rebuild his image.
NO DRIVIN NO SLEEPIN LIVE IT UP LIKE ITS THE WEEKEND ROLL UP YA HERB AND FILL UP YA CUPS ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT
*clearing throat* I'm going to send a pack of angry squirrels after for letting me struggle to find arm good circuits!
Sorry Kanye, Eminem does intense far better than u, as well as many other things. Except leggings..Ur in a league of ur own with those
the good news is, I have a feeling Houston will give Drake a better "show"... smh
How the heck do they pass the e-check? (WI has that, too, right?)
Thank u all for the follow! Appreciate it! :-)
- haha! I love the word "assholery" =)
i think your dice are hacked madam.
Hey , say something funny.
make me ese(:
#Baylor continues its grand sports year. Baseball rallies from 4 down, beats Missouri 12-7, and is 12-0 in #Big12 14-game win streak
Then come and be a difference maker.
our lunch table is always so calm, and quiet, and boring, and calm -__- lol we want some FUN
hasn't been in Sprint Cup racing since 2006 yet they r able to make an appearance tonight to clean up the track!
what it do;-) I'm still watching hbo! Hahaha
IM LOOKING FOR SECURITY (BOUNCERS) , IF YOUR INTERESTED OR KNOW SOMEONE TEXT ME 210.789.9079
It's the day after the Oscars and I'm STILL laughing about the Angelina Jolie leg-bombing. It's so rare to see her make an, erm, misstep.
try catnip, makes a great bug repellent :)
Any time im doing or thinking something dirty i make 's derp face haha :)
PLZ RT I am throwing a benefit party for my sister on Wednesday, May 23rd and need a ROCKIN band to headline. Msg me for info!
why can't I follow you?? fix that asap!
Are those Baroque clarinets? They are beauties.
Someone text me im bored!
": Superman ain't saving shit." Girl you can jump on shady's dick.
First Day of My Life-Bright Eyes, The Luckiest-Ben Folds. Different than some of the ones you've gotten? Yes. Still make me smile!
IM BACK...
pretty awesome
hey! big boy
follow back please??
I like when you wear see through shirts babe ;)
I believe it would be more of an annoyance.
k i'm done. omg so many musical songs... I'm such a #theatregeek and I love it.
Haha…What the heck did you ask it?
FNY. Thought about telling you to do the same, but respect your opinion & work too much, & thru your work, like you from afar.
learning about this twitter business
but ily this way! You should of just drank a little bit more milk
the size of his penis made his wife very sad
i'm sure she is only interested in seeing your face :)
Thanks for the follow !
I WATCHED THE INTERVIEW WHERE THEY REPLIED TO YOUR QUESTION adjkdkfdfgyhdskgvhfdsgkjbv <3
shake that thang back ma way hoee
Sure wasn't Breaking Bad filming?
Before I got married I had 6 theories about bringing up children; now I have 6 children&no theories. John Wilmot (Courtesy of )
please follow she deserves it so much! :) <3
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!!!
Thank you! That's very nice..
Omg I just saw a spider!!
Prince's "Purple Rain," and "When Doves Cry." My favorite album and song from the 80's. But there were other close calls...
How Chick-fil-A is closed on Sundays <<<<<<<
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE! BE SAFE! :)
in England people who say racist thing in twitter get arrested all the time and shames publicly
I dont think they did...they're being mean now :( I've like messaged them 300 time :P
Still battling this #summercold, but think Zicam is helping! Excited for softball tonight w/
is working with client on large state-based grant proposal.
What do I want to eat?
Well today just turned into a great big pile of suck! Comp team game just got cancelled. They really needed this game after yesterday!
IMM GREAT :D how are you?!?!
Thanks for the follow! :)))
I want some!!
you got it, I'm trading you 4 Tim Tebow
The latest issue of Origin Magazine. Franti's on one side, and Yoko Ono is on the flip cover. it's pretty rad.
Why do you "scale it so the maximum matches up with whatever maximum we find for a text" instead of just normalizing the histogram?
If you want to build something good, pair it back, and focus on making it simple and executed well. Don't over engineer!
Tazewell County Health Department receives funding to continue education program: “The program teaches that puberty is a normal, natu...
sometime. I told her I will talk to her soon. But it wasnt a kind of joke for me.. u know. Well Im sry dinner is ready..
I know. iCals can be shared now, and contacts...dont get me started with how excited I am about cloud syncing for contacts.
Follow Me (:
Mine's working again.
Google+ desperately needs to allow users to make RSS feeds from their public posts!
Nick's voice. Oh my gosh, speechless!(:
we would love for you ladies to talk about design, starting zines, playing bass :) summer '10 it's on
Supposed to be every Monday this month.
Niggas and hoes popular for the wrong reasons
“: love it!!!” // colormunki is pretty sweet.
My rotary cutters! Both the big one for slicing fabric and the little one for tracing around patterns.
I don't think she care
Sleep? What's that?
love my new green lanturn pez
Steady rain shifting north....now just a few hit-n-miss showers for the day...mainly north/west of Boston. Breezy & mild. 55-60.
well I'd near kill myself to be on the show. Amazing opportunity.
RT StoneLove_Bitch My next stack of money is deff goin to a fireman massage therapist. My back hurts
#nisoEbook LaRue Greatest explosion of publishing since Gutenberg; print drove cataclysmic change; then broadsides prefacing Am revolution
Dear , your refund policy sucks. No refunds, even if the opening act hasn't even started am hour and a half after the show time.
When I have my kids we are going to have a word of the week... And at the end of the month if they can spell it & use in a sentence all 4
why are u sad
With the way talks about women, and surprised he ever gets laid.
i need some music its all lonely up in this bitch! :o
Pirates: Band of Misfits was surprising fun, altho history was way off for Queen Victoria/Charles Darwin. Another great review !
rock on ! excited to get back to colorado fri and cheer for the boys. congrats to too. london (2012) calling.
Thanks for the suggestions!
Please visit my websites at www.miari.com and www.knockoutincorporated.com for great music, videos, photos, and much more. Enjoy!!!
Mother's Day is right around the corner! Have you made your plans yet?
Great day of training Always great to work with retailers like that want the best fitting solutions
IF MLB.TV WAS WORKING I COULD HAVE SEEN THIS BAD PLAY! So steamed, you guys.
The Excellence Playa Mujeres. I believe would second that.
I'm getting old lol
yes please
awesome!! I wish u the best with it. If u need anything with it....let me know.. :)
DM's (: but inns sleep night! <3
Every artist was first an amateur. Ralph Waldo Emerson
": In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected after for good luck" lets do it
when I wake up saturday morning im going to listen to what's up by four non blondes and start my summer off right
Is this the same Henry Rodriguez that used to hit home runs in the nineties?
we are such go getters.
did ya get my freakin emails, joker???
A great turnout at the Greater Albuquerque Association Of Realtors Annual Meeting
love it! Look forward to reading and learning. Congratulations!
Its already 4& im not tired at all .-.
Gosh we just really needed to twirl our hair and put on Chapstick ... And maybe drink water!
Good thing that the EOC isn't 25% of your grade.
The downside of social networking sites: Acquaintances posting creepy and inappropriate comments on innocent pictures in your profile. Eww!
says educate staff about what's ok, make sure you listen & have a response plan for social media flare-ups.
Dear Mr. Please continue to make Ben and Hurley comics FOREVER. Thanks!
Daylight savings is here! Don't forget to turn you clocks forward one hour before you go to bed tonight. Spring ahead!
Waking up from a nap post AP test<<<
If we were to have a mascot, what should it be?
UMKC Libraries' KIC scanners are now available. For Free, scan files & save to your email or flash drive. Be GREEN by reducing printing!
Reading a woman w/ Uranus at the 10th Career/home chaos. But lucky her w/ a Leo Sun @ 10 degrees in 2013 Uranus turns the chaos into gold :)
First thing out of my bf's mouth, "You look dirty. Have you showered?" thus proving today's comic.
Deleting All Your Texts Before Giving Your Phone To Your Parent llS'
I'll sit back and think on this one for a day.
I feel... Ok about my week 1. I think my top 5 are better assuming the bills don't let charles take a few to the house
I'm excited for this! RT : Closed today from 3-5pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
You light up my day. All together now "aw"
Maybe its because you have a good smile haha.I mean on your default is pretty nice.
nothing quite like it
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a male victim's life spiraling out of control.
what u do today can improve all your tomorrows
my belly hurts.
no its not the point youre just a typical white girl from long island smh
wake up and tell her to call me hehe
Just filled out 3 brackets
The basis of optimism is sheer terror. - Oscar Wilde
Arum should have been banned from boxing after admitting he paid bribes to IBF. What other sport would allow that? OK, maybe MMA.
I love a good workout!
11/26 is #Small Business Saturday! Don't forget to support favorite local spots like us-:)
please u can't go wrong with our boy . He is one of the best around.
We're getting closer to summer! Getting excited for Rawhide yet?
do you?
#imagine you're at the movies with Zayn. The actors have a sweet kiss, & Zayn leans over to your ear, and whispers "I wish that was us."
25% off ANY iced or blended drink until close tonight!! mention twitter or facebook!
Head pounds and cat hides as Blue Angels fly over.
If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
Redskins alternates look very mehhhhhhh
grew up watching them in the DC area, when I first started following hockey
welcome to Twitter.
yup :) what's your username?
That test was so easy...
RT : but idk how legit it is... It was a whole setup with stock certificates and everything <--That Sounds Legit
RUDE. My latest one is awesome, btw!
That Giants game was Crazy Bananas which is an official term as it was used by one of the ESPN announcers! So happy... and now I must relax
Hey, today was the first day of SATS ! Wow hard or what ! Tomorrow is another day with mental and paper A ! Wish me luck ! xx
I have a weird pain in my right inner thigh area...
I hate the color Yellow
WHAT HAPPENED?
So, my dogs took an entire cooked chicken from whole foods off the counter and ate it bones & all. Not a trace of it left....
Forest king died last week.In his memory let us all switch off our mobiles for 2 mins.Plz forward this to all local criminals,s I did.
RT : RT : Witness recounts assault on reporters: A 16 year old says she witnessed the mob attack on two newspaper...
Swing by the booth at the Grand Tasting for amazing mole! /bit.ly/Ia9uA0
You'll notice that a turtle only makes progress when it sticks out its neck...
The #Ravens could take one of maybe 15 players in round one and I would be ok...Peter Konz is not one of them! Hurt to much.
I would have him look into the pricing because he can recieve them for a discount not an extreme large discount but something
so going to England & learning about that way of life (which is in fact horrible & terribly class-based) appealed to me.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bill Cosby
what you doing??
Time to stop being naked.
you mad!!!! RT “: “: Patriots fan, just chill it's still early. #Giants” we were friends up until this post j-lo...”
#sdmayornp at least Dumanis mentioned the phrase Clean Tech. Briefly.
It's cold as a mf n here
lol destroying children's lives?
Just started (impressed!) but having problems uploading from bank. Have sent 2 emails & no response. Can you pls help? Thx!
Going on a run and hitting the gym
your lowlimit/eminen mash up makes people go fucking bonkers. lovin it.
#IAlwaysThink think about u day and night...<3
Alleged is the keyword. In actuality, they are victims of the illness "I-need-fucking-attention-itis". It's fairly common.>>>
Don't go back to what you did, when redoing a scene but do again what caused it (emotion and objective).
Basically I need to find how to edit/remove/add a goal. Can't find the 'Actions" column.
Starting the journey to Austin today with a stop in Dallas. Mom says I need a good home-cooked meal.
I'm drunk AF!!! Goodnight!
Grilli does a great job working out of a runners on the corners, 1 out jam. Can't say enough about the quality of Grilli's late inning work
Excited to attend Franchise Partner Conf in Denver next week and learning about Pathways to Memory care for Alzheimers & Dementia clients!!
Gn im not feeling well.
kausing kaos will be on very soon be on the look out
I've always been a cartoon character,I'm afraid.(That's an image I created on a SimpsonizeMe! website a few yrs ago.)
At Incheon Airport beginning my way home after a long series of conferences and meetings
You're welcome! Thx for choosing RT : Thx to and for working out a deal!!! Can't wait!
Bad traffic = Cold dinner = :o( and cranky girl. Did Denverites forget how to drive in weather?
You like that trade up for Hill at #43?
RT : RT We're excited to announce that has taken over as our new title sponsor for the half marathon...
Ah ha! TY! RT Headline translation: "Out of 274 Turkish wines 24 surpassed 90 points"
I apologize..shouldn't mix sarcasm with serious. That is a kick-ass design though.
John Cena bout to get in that ass
watching evrything on nick until onedirection comes up ;P
TONIGHT kick off event: DREAM Act Town Hall @ 6PM in MSSC 104! Joining us will be Laura Vazquez Immigration Legislative Analyst for NCLR.
' Aw it's okay lol.
you can always eat popcorn by putting your head in the bowl. Hope your neck is not sore.
what is a hot and sour soup doesn't sound good : )
Waking up to a strained groin muscle...no bueno :/
Just finished 4 marathon days tracking Island/Def artist Adrienne Bailon and Rock City...... bleary eyed but feelin' good.
hey girl
I'm really missing those days of snuggled-up toddlers reading Jiggle Joggle Jee! and We're Going On a Bear Hunt with me.
I'm no fan of Palin, but man, I find it painful to watch her depiction in "game change."
if you ever come to a damn show I will hahaha
FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY!
That's incompatible with the notion of sentient animals/computers.
No profit, greed, or gods. Take a moment this May Day to recognize workers, and celebrate the formidable power of the people.
baby steps is right.
I have Weezer's "Perfect Situation" stuck in my head.
Wish me Luck!=]
"oh your the girl that came in late with the fishtail braid and smelled like weed right?" uh yeah that was me. first impressions ahaha
I propose a #Leslie tribute special drink this week. RIP Leslie Cochran
Wait. What are you saying? GOODNIGHT MOON? That PB terrifies me. Have you not see LIFE AS WE KNEW IT? (wink).
LOL! "Anchor babies"! They're coming I steal your whiteness, got it. Thanks, Michelle Bachman.
Sarah whats up?! Hei just one random question have you heard of local band Terror Eyes?!
"The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him." - Pascal
I'm not gonna be the downer on the TL today lol
you're reading my tweets thinking wow I was just thinking that ..yeah I know
THE PEACE OF GOD EMPOWERS YOU TO SEE CLEARLY THROUGH EVERY CHALLENGE every moment is a gift love & loyalty always DNICOLE
“: goals? dm me” if u follow blk I can tell u..
sitting here with my wack ass boyfriend
I can't believe this.yesterday. So perf<3:)
Indiana Wheat Acres Are Down, But Right On Schedule.
#McDonald's . . Just sickening . . Fat ..Obese .. America . . They all need
Dear ESPN, take your time on the Junior Seau story.
Bahaha so me
Its such a beautiful night.
I'm gonna check you out...keep push'n...
EVERYONE!!!!!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
How much is it to get in the empire tonight
Standing up in the back on the left. With and
he was a ball dominate guard his entire career until Hollins came in lol. All of a sudden, his handles just went dead
nah, I'm lost now G for real lol about the ass eating or light skin 8o
is running on budget schedule with only $1.8 million yet to shave off. Where is the funding coming from for Phase II?
leave my laugh alone!!!
Asdfhlakfghkdkdkaj GRAD BASH.
Those #Braves fans are awesome... Either booing Braun or their own pitcher. They just can't decide!
Congratulations to 's Keith Tozer, named MISL Coach of the Year.
I love that he attempted to use the same "font" haha
RT : How to pretend you’re a startup (Hint: call me when you offer stock options) [amen, brother]
Only way to end it is calling cust service--not open on weekends?! Many similar CVS complaints online.
Yay!! Congrats to and for female and male vocalists of the year
Healthy Hair starts with A Healthy Scalp 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Tonight's crowd was small but mighty. I'd be stoked to play for true music fans like that ANY day! See you in Roma
shocked when I read the fine & nervous about all the great partnerships title co. have here in AZ especially with Chicago ;-)
Sounds like a hell of a plan bro
. might just be one of my favorite email composers … like, ever. Definitely in the top five.
Please don't forget to cherish her
fabulous presentation!! Full of funny and really useful tips!
I'm off tonight and tomorrow night. I really need it. Thank you God.
The playground my son goes to has shredded tire pieces as the ground. It creates a bouncy feeling and it's easy impact on kids.
sounds cool..i will see if i can come to that.
I'm not buying that
I'm confused. Edelman is injured too?
So, who's up for some bowling?
I got a black one
Globalization: u ready for one world government? The dollar is done. What are u going to do now? Put your faith in Christ!
Im live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,,,,INBOX ME ILL SHOUT YOU OUT
Investing in myself
THE SWIRSK!!! RT : NBA writer Steve Aschburner () joins as live streaming pregame coverage continues.
The term "client" is very overused in business. Do drive thru employees refer to people buying chicken mcnuggets as their clients?
Well GA...I'm back!
Follow my girl she follows back;)
Okay, night<3
I like the giants in this one...
I am a photographer and also work at a game store part time. But the newest #tiger is the best lately.
Sometimes guys really scare me..... Obsessive much?
why can't my family be normal and go to church on time??
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. ~Oprah Winfrey
fool u need to fix ur voicemail lmaoo it says "Please leave your message for...(background noise of you talkin)" lmao
I wanted you to stay cause I need to hear you say, I love you I've loved you all along and I forgive you for being away for far too long
yeah Im from Chicago? Are you?
An Like i said da first time -Its not were u 4ROM are were u going its were da fuck U at Real 2 da bone Like BG Said to da meat show nigga
no. u dont deserve one.
Yes, the lack of response from is ridiculous and completely unacceptable.
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?<3
pretty much what I was thinking. Bipartisan lounge?
There be the most cutest guys online.
Virgin human hair is not supplied in mass. Companies will tell u they sell 100% virgin human hair -there's not enough donors 2support demand
he said he wish he live in #Bolingbrook -Dead
Clearly I've done something wrong...
Started Run with at 9:27 AM, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
For sure, love your style, focused, simple, powerful. Four steps. That's how we roll
Ok now time to clean my room:)
GOTTA SHOW LOVE TO !!!!!
RT : Q3 if you would meet some1 from twitter right now IRL would u still hear the same voice ?
Playing "On The Radio" on and hoping the Donna Summer reports are wrong.
Sinus go away !!! You make my life miserable !!!!
Quoting Stephenie Meyers as a expert on good books is an oxymoron.
The world would be an emptier place without #tacodog photos
The event at Karl? It's a meet & greet for #CBC12 attendees, hosted by the SD Brewers Guild.
Just had a fun moment explaining what a dance card was to our student workers who found one while processing.
bomb I'm bout to blast that shit allday errday
i dont knw why... Shrty get it together already, i mean dont you have a man
haters!! jealous haters...
you're very welcome. :) you guys should do a show soon.. I havent seen you guys since december. D:
niggas be on her dick, like, bagg up.
Oh... my main projects now have followers on github! And it isn't even yet in production!
If you have a problem with me, write it on a piece of paper, fold it up nicely, and shove it up your ass
What&#39;s illinois winning lottery numbers
Gotta go with the East Coast 30 ROCK feed. Jon Hamm > Brian Williams. Paul McCartney > Kim Kardashian. Also, Hamm's "BANJO!" was funnier.
RT best show ever!!
RT : Bucks now play only 3 in a row and will play 5 gms in 6 days. Tough stretch but team is deep. Bucks-Celtics Thur nite at BC. 7pm
"how did she even get popular she is so weird looking" Gotta love my mom! With
You were ROBBED dude. Robbed.
Luck wants interactive communities
I gotta pack pack pack. we go to the cabin tomorrow. woot. I can't wait. :)
check your messages
2nd Dumbest play I've seen by Miami this year smh
#ImThatPersonWho is dying without their camera
Thank you for the post!
Nah. Life's too short to look down on others just because their tastes are different. To each their own.
Beer Fact: Drinking beer is not the sole cause of a beer belly. Being a lazy loser and doing nothing all day are causes of a beer belly.
Kentucky is just too talented for anyone haha goodness
So beautiful out, office hours are almost over then gonna blow some bubbles outside X)
okay, yeah?
Watching law & order :)
did you have to pay for the shirt? that would suck.
Heading down to the Rocky Mountain Dental Convention to check out the latest dental products...
This week has not been good.
Have a new found fondness for lol
that was actually part of the marketing plan
goodnight Justin sweet dreams I love you!!!
Can't wait for the show!
Ahh Gotta Get Out Of Twitter D; NO gonna go to Math Now >:(
remember when we almost started crying Because Hitler was on TV?
Would love to take you out to lunch!
Re: last RT, amazing to see Mirebalais hospital up. Last Feb. it was still a construction site and dream. We'll see what it becomes.
Condo resale value just plummeted?
It has Begun!
If Justin bieber came to my door telling me he brought me Proactive I'd probably punch him in the face.
lol seriously? What kind of blood type do u have?
Twitter Culture...up next! #TwSIG w/ and
My gramma just saved my life from a flying cockroach. Haha thank's gramma.
... and they're both winning.
#itshardwhen you like it rough. tmi?
Same here :)
Get some grown man insurance! hahah love commercials
Glens falls for the weekend!
I'm walking round thinking I'm cute wit bleach stains all on my damn shirt..wth happened??
is the best :)
the NL east might actually be the best division. besides the AL east
RT : My Representative is so fantastic. Great speech at DNC Headquarters for
Garrison Keillor is one of my faves.
I admire you love you so much :) I hope the twitcam let us know looooooveeeee you
I'm confused what arguing stats and then level of competition has to do with MVP awards.
hope you brought a coozy.
This mortal body grows weak. I need sustenance! Stupid movie. Amazing quote.
mine opened with little effort.
Awesome. Patrick does such great work RT : This is a good day for to have announcement coming from the POTUS
did this the other day. not even lying, i look about 5. chances of me getting served are now minimal
love u lots! kisses =)
Is there a more athletic team than the ?
Anyone kno where the drink specials at
People have taken advantage of me most of my life.i used to be so hard on myself but everybody is not honest n kind
Never did like those big letters. ": just traded a big letter Bach mouthpiece for a small letter one #trumpetgeekwin"
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
Ah I miss you two so much!!
Some milestones are harder than others......
yeah for sure. Like most comic books :)
i've been inside this house all day. i'm so pissed.
Go for it!! Rex would say yes too!!
The shutter on my old cam just died. Thankfully after shoots were wrapped. Now would be a great time to send the d800
RT : Jacoby Jones visiting Panthers today
it's sweet to see so much support for the pittsburgh libraries here on election day!
lmao ! i'm serious too, i can't enough of those white boys !
Don't think it matters.
Hi GCK All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
You think that's it? They're all borderline in my opinion. Axford has the saves and didnt get in last year, but is inconsistent.
I set no alarms last night and I just woke up. It's noon.
Listening to music in gym right now
#Nw my strange addiction
it doesn't seem like it, you just leave them high and dry and possibly suing you.
yea yea I hear ya bruh
It's great when world-class product and usability experts become your customers...getting great feedback!
Two office jobs fell through today. Sigh. At least I got extra hours from my PT job as a surprise.
Just had a great training and overview of the Panasonic Living in HD program with It opened my mind up--very cool
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA weekly! Normal msg rates apply.
Have a Great New Year Hun
yes, its annoying, but I'm handling it..
I really like this show but I wonder what the impact on the environment is.....
Save me, bring back my joy, support me, strengthen my will.
Yep! That's me! RT : As a #Sagittarius people know that they can count on your honesty and that you stick to your promises.
All these songs that are so relatable to the type of love you WISH you had
Looked at your images. We have Goldens & I have that earth shot on my images. What else?
Maybe to get the timeline indicator I have to open the Random Number site not through Twitter. All I got was a GO arrow.
Have you heard 's new single "Sugar Rush" yet? If not you should go check it out! www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane
I have 1 more copy of EA's Tetris to give away for the iPhone. Tomorrow I'll have a few other codes, so stay tuned! 1st to want it gets it.
Coachella I love you but you kicked my ass this year.. This yearly tradition will no longer involve camping
"woo woo woo, you know it" - exclaimed Noah when asked how he felt about being drafted
good stuff, thanks for sharing!
Just saw and his wife at . Classy, classy guy.
The voters of WV showed thier discontent with our president yesterday by purposely giving 41% of the Dem. votes to a inmate on TX lol wow.
To all my new followers thanks for joining #GimmeYours Nation!! We takin EVERYTHANG THIS YEAR!!
. my definitions of hacking vs scripting draw how Santo and Mullenweg are using the words. scripting in WP is often creation
lol noone knows me i dont even know why i have a twitter hahaha
March. And the madness begins.
Broke the VEVO record for more then 5 million views in 24hrs. Boyfriend Video Is Slaying
Too bad for them. Next time...
Confession13: i dont like girls that pile their face with makeup you dont need makeup to make yourself beautiful you beautiful the way u are
Those wings made my stomach hurt.
He who lives as my king, once died to be my savior.
hot day in the city...stayin' cool.
RT : Despite using a first-round pick on Brandon Weeden, the Browns do not expect to trade quarterback Colt McCoy.
from a Clipper fan. You played good when you where on the floor, keep it up! It was a great series. you made a fan out of me
Bad cough?
...stylin yes, the cat's pajamas even!
Who do you think is under more pressure now from the Lakers standpoint. Bynum, Gasol, or Brown?
karen carpenter bees
for you I'd bleed myself dry <3
nice! I'd love to see more
Why is, pee yellow ? :o
seasons and regions blows
this dang sunspot keeps moving. forcing scraps 2 move & stuff.
so many times
Where will you be watching the UT v OU game tomorrow?
Will remember not too push ourselves TOO hard :-)
NO only a HEAT jersey. the hell are you thinkin..
Only two more weeks left to call and book your appointment for our Organic Custom Facial for $95!
Good to see you back:)
Shout out to "I am going into the Air Force and can't wait to start serving my country." Right attitude; welcome a gr8 American
i heard it months ago ... it still won't stop.
": Fuck what people think."
My pleasure to help!!!!! Pumped to write it.
Trying to be w good student, however falling asleep while reading ...
Apologies to any and all who received the phishing email from my account. Evil people with nothing better to do.Problem should be resolved.
": #WhatHurtsTheMost is looking through our old messages, and remembering how things used to be."
I sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito. Now he’ll never have any
A cow 'eats green grass and produce White milk.
Like I'm about to delete his number and just be done always bullshittin smh
Thanks for the thanks. I didn't like reading it either, but felt even worse leaving it unaddressed.
Nothing good will ever come from any actions taken in anger.
So used to being busy after school, now I'm so so so bored
Go see Enabler at Cactus tonight! If you're in/near Milwaukee, that is.
Hmm. Good point. I now have a new goal for this week. Thank you!
Know of any good literary agents?
oh man it's been MUCH too long since I've eaten spaghetti in class!
Yeahh #whodey “: Starting to realize jus how popular the Cincinnati Reds are out here...think I might have to become a fan”
hahaha oh yea duh ;) lsn't it making you soo happy?! I feel like i'm on top of the world and everything's falling into place!
love you too! 
Went through all the mourning steps - denial to acceptance. Just saying it out loud was hard early on
wanna swap? Haha:')
Why did I wake up way too late for McDonalds breakfast -___-
Orgs where senior leaders coach very frequently boast 21% higher business results. (Bersin report)
Gingrich may have won across gender, but lead over Romney +16 with men, +9 with women.
Can't believe I actually got up and did my make up. 😒
in the ballroom!
President Obama has arrived at the Afghan Presidential Palace in Kabul
so, what's the next song you're going to make memorable?
Awesome to have you here Jacob! There is no fans love like a #SportingKC fans love!
Twisting today for the Olivia winter time cheer Movie! At 11 am in the Lobby of The Showcase Cinemas Woburn, Ma. Making Olivia Balloon Hats!
Watching tv while someone is vacuuming <<<
Well looks like my #UNCTarheels will be without star PG Marshall from here on out, which means they'll be knocked out next round.
WNST1570: "What Had Happened Was?!" Every Monday...How was ur wknd? What did u watch? Where did u go? Tell us! 10-Noon. 410-481-1570
": Anyone watching ?" Being a truck driver I have to DVR it. Rooting for &
Somehow completely missed the fact that there's a new Shakira record out. Slightly pissed
I want some Gattiland pizza...
Hi Bubbles! Are you available to help judge SC auditions Friday 3:30-5:30ish? Food afterward is offered as a bribe to judges..
and I just went there the other day, he gets a sundae and I get a milkshake..pretty delicious!
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
would have been much interesting team had those four lefty didn't go down injured
i'm waiting... until you love me.
How does a girl vampire flirt? She bats her eyes.
BELIEVE is coming so excited follow please?
#ThatAwkMoment when I had to tell my French teacher that I'm taking Spanish next year, and I had to lie & say it was my counselor's idea...
Never shoot up in the air, when you're standing under it. -Woody Allen
I have to say I've never seen pics of beef on twitter. Perhaps it needs its own hash tag?
we'll see how it goes. You going to be there?
I want to purchase a t-shirt because they look so awesome...can you help me out ??? :>)
I need you to teach my how to ride my motorcycle. I'm ready to learn and ride with you. :)
When somebody says 'I can do you this favor but it's a huge inconvenience' it means they can't do you that favor.
Headed into Manhattan to my cousin Kerry's Bachelorette Party !
I am will you be there?
Food Fact of the Day: April 21, 1962 The Top Of The Needle restaurant in the Seattle, Washington Space Needle, was officially opened.
the one with
LOL I CAN'T
you only have like...99days to enjoy meat again
Lol i promise i wont judge u if u get one RT : LMAO IM WORKIN ON THAT CHECK MANE!!!!
how we gone get dur baby
I haven't drooled this much in YEARS. Like, at least 2...
gotchya! You might want to hear the thoughts of and :)
lol. my freind should be men in black right.lol
Good point, but why bring that up now?
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Here we go , going in my house to confront another bullshit of my day
Ugh so tired somebody is keeping me up texting.
happy birthday!!!! 4
get well really really soon <3
Jaleel did his thing!
I am a blunt blowin
But I can't tell you what it means to me.
just broke up! :(
Yeah, I know. I'm going to summarize rest of the book. (Just read whole thing last night...) when you read aloud fudging works.
um... did you say KARAOKE?! :) details, please!
Loved your show! :-)
As will I, mayB not as much as others, but I have actually grown to <3 my twitter accnt. Although, need to find a widget that works b ...
#SomeoneIWantToMeet if he were still alive Frank Sinatra<3
classes dont start til Thursday, syllabus is on the registration page,
That's was up! Have fun and be safe Chi City! Hey. How we let a whole year go by and not even hang? Smh
actually that is what they're sending me. Just the back. Which is cool with me! Without that case I would've been screwed!
3 man. You got your ticket.
bro you been hurt since our1st cheetah meet! Get better. N u should run cheetahs again
Latin Gold Thursdays! QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque! Rio Grande & Mountain! Salsa y mas... 9pm-130am
Congratulation I'm 10 weeks today
and I are about to get the fuck out of this place. For the weekend at least.
Show going down the toilet quickly.
Ah, I wanted to see that. Let me know how it is.
Hemp Hemp Hooray
Apparently black bloc co-opting another peaceful protest, this time Seattle. sigh. this is why we can't have nice things. (h/t )
Now offering "name your price" packages. Let me know a price that you think is fair for a week a month we can work something out!
u have too many iPods.
Niggas Shot At Me An Missed.. Whew! You Know The Lord Blessed Em
I was the only one in the front row out of all treadmills at the aquatic center, creepy old guy takes the one right next to me
I made it to 35 months with mine, and it was a mutual decision to wean. Very proud I made it that long.
IS AWESOME. Thank you so much for tweeting about me! Guys, go follow her. :D
i can honestly say i thought was brought on because shes hot. But quickly realized she knew sports. Cant fake that
Walking the fine line between charming and creepy.
"Strength is a matter of a made up mind." John Beecher
When you wanna get it? RT : Damn can ah bitch get her #ForeverFly gear? Damn! Now I want a shirt, & a sweater!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Being a lady is an attitude. ~ Love Connection
thank you for tweeting me back earlier your my all time favorite wrestler since you were in awa
Loved the restaurant week menu at Smith and Wollensky. So full and satisfied!
No problem, I'll get back to you asap!
studio as always
Happy Easter Friends! We hope you enjoy your Sunday with friends and family :)
Only if you guys knew the type of #pain I'm going through right now. It hurts to #eat and #drink. :'(
r u serious? Private message me now!
iknow i hate that
Kick some ass & take some names today!!
lol your mad!
Friday is so far away
watching the guy i love, love someone else</3
FAVORITE SONG right now!!
good to know
Lunch = pho colonial. YUM!!
people who use xD faces
figuring out a way for Austin to follow you.(: hbu?
Chillin this evening and enjoying the house breeders
Stop by the opening reception for Ken Margolius' vintage bicycles at tonight! It's from 5pm til dark w/ craft beers + food.
Good: Chris Davis, Pitcher. Bad: BoSox against Davis the Pitcher. Ugly: Chris Davis, Batter.
Yes we can - Yes weekend ;)
It's been a while, but im back :-)
If Vera sub me one more time sitting next to me!!!!
hey belle/diva! how are you? I sent you an email. HMU! :)
Another Monday
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 5
Its about that time to let the wild animal be free and fall back!
Think I might have too invest in Mass Effect 3.
My cuzins are coming tomorrow!!! I'll try to get pics! :)
Thank you Tori. :)
Hey ! We just followed ! We just started recording new CD - would be SWEET if had us out!!
Perfect day to be !
nice hows the arm feeling today? haha better have went on ur run!
but some of these women r straight trifling
That makes me feel a bit better, Jenna. At least sitar music is somewhat subdued and hypnotic.
A lot of people want me gone... Maybe I will stay to make them all angry.
Merry CHristmas to everyone
Someone needs to kidnap me today--- I'm feeling like the beach, a majito and a coconut oil massage
I can see that. What would be better? More 'stuff' on the shirts?
Haha, I like it. But I understand if you went there for middle school & didn't want to come back. Lol.
being Mexican means cousins in every city gr8ful for the fam happy easter to
And has the added benefit as a nice exercise.
Woo! Congrats! Any pictures? :)
Of course! What are you thinking?
chuck and larry is funny, my mother loves that movie, never seen wizards of wavely haha
Kobe is a ball hog
Poor Tuesday.
I know :( I remember him at Roadhouse! Praying for him and his family..
Would you rather be covered in honey or chocolate? If you're in to that kind of thing. wants to know.
“: We want to wish a very happy 100th birthday!” -- thank you! looking forward to our next 100 years.
Just got to work n it feels like I just left a couple hours ago but here we go
The Life and Volkswagen: 2001 Volkswagen Jetta Parts
So....anyone else mad about the #Greys finale last night?
That is great! Love it!
fuck that i love them but not that much, its all good
Ineffectively having studied for a long time ...
Flo Rida... Every damn song sounds the same.
Can't sleep shunt of took dem dam excedrin
bet I can make you laugh
my bolt account name is the same as my Twitter handle. Thanks!
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor
I used to despise and now I love them beyond belief. Times sure have changed.
thank u so much hve u ever been on his ustreams before????
you're so quiet
miss you guys a lot
RT : What's the one part of your training you wish you could improve on?
Obama says we need an "all out"---all of the above strategy! Strong words pardner!
At GLAAD awards thanks to the good people at
Best way to describes hashtags is ways to brand conversations or events (or to sum up statements). Keep it simple :)
Apple works(:
Sometimes I can't even put my thoughts into words...
Yeah, maybe I did.
Fuck the world...raw.
Basically, all the flash-sideways were a post-death Limbo kind of thing, where everyone found each other at the end.
i very sad 2 say dat i am going to hav to b a lion for christmas...
Good! How r u?
Local New Orleanians: Anyone know or is a certified BCLS & ACLS trainer? Need to re-certify ASAP! Many thanks. - Christa
only a couple days left of school for me :)
Like magic skin flutes
that's my girl!!!
Follow us and RETWEET by NOON on Tuesday for your chance to win 2 tix to the #NIT !
so you can make something delicious and talk.
I. Hate. You.
Now followin follow back:-)
I'm looking too:/
Anyone going to Memphis in May tomorrow?
How do you mentally prepare for a tournament?
I seriously dnt even wanna go anymore
FYI: The Apple Store won't help you unlock your car or supply the tools when you lock your keys in your car.
Bret Favre wants to play again??? Enough is enough, retire already.
Chooch wasn't gonna let his boy go out like that!
In need of a casual urban hike purse for my walk with , I just don't think my alligator clutch will work
Why does there have to be heartbreakers in this world :(
Donnie Hoyle. how i've missed you. and you STILL suck at Photoshop. xoxo
More like Metta World VIOLENCE...Am I right people?!?! Comedy!! Try the meatloaf.
You want to see me look like a monkey? Watch me use Microsoft Outlook.
That article is still pissing me off. A ranty response is just what is needed.
Getting excited!! Big week here at Amoura Productions!
DC Drinking launch party is in the works for the end of this month!!
": When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way."
woman in black with otto and josh
Until one is committed, there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back. Show me some commitments.
Rainy day dinner - smoked a chicken & a rack of baby backs, Boursin jalepeno grits and silly good slaw. FU mother nature. W/
wait till she done. she cant stay on the phone forever.
thank you Tiffany :)
RT : Congratulations !!! NPPA 2011 solo journalist of the year and a super nice guy!!! << Go GREG!!!!!
Hey #travel buddies, what time is #tourismchat today?
This traffic is just dumb.... bout out of gas and starving.
I hate teenagers haha
Am not the jelous type :o
Stop tweeting about your break up. Or how good your nights going to be. It's obviously not that great if your tweeting about it...
great for planning out some tweets about events etc . not a replacement for engaging in convo
taylor swift
11 30 08 , I love you so so much. You've always stuck with me. We fight & fight everyday but my heart belongs to you. <3
Yep - seems like a match! Please email me (Sally) through our website via contact us so we can discuss. Thanks
Lmfao.... I thought the same damn thing... Card ace casino is still Kool tho RT Draw something died so quick ha
hey hey. Please follow back
Aren't we together like... almost every weekend?
Okay. IF ANYONE FLIRTS WITH SARUH I'LL SERIOUSLY...do something very bad. So don't do it. OR ELSE.
“: We don't get restored by hiding things from God. Restoration occurs when we take responsibility for our actions.”
you get cheated on once, shame on them you get cheated on twice, shame on you, you get cheated on again... start putting out xoxoxo's
Lovely weather we are having. Blah.
renames its DVD service to Qwikster...but the Twitter handle is already taken. Someone didn't think this through...
2morrow talent show.. im notd going
said If we want empowered, thoughtful students, they must be in the company of teachers who are empowered. Thank you!
que Tim tebow a Dallas!!!
Agreed. We all know that. Too nice a guy.
Omg my mom is on facebook and shes so crayz about it and she has not sed nothing and she wants me to tell her wat to say-LOL:)
Did I miss the Milwaukee Burger Wars air date? Now that I eaten at both and , I have a favorite.
I'm working!
trying to say his last name. Naming your kid after skittles?
I often have that problem too 😒
I really do, love you.
was this episode supposed to air on April Fool's Day?! Seriously?!
True: Dreamt last night I was a journeyman hockey player and scored 11 goals in one game. Crowd was electric. In real life, I can't skate.
Hey Kelli How Are You Monster.???
Compulsive you say? I'm a compulsive fan of my followers and I'm so glad you're part of the gang. Have a wonderful weekend!
I was there too!!! Sad we didn't bump into each other
Ha!! Yes I hope the same for you.
": #AstrologyFacts A #Sagittarius understand the power of quiet persuasion."
I love the Kate Sessions pic
what up?
Go to sleep, my little time bomb.
Happy Monday Twitterland! Hope everyone had a good weekend! Nashville peeps: Thursday RAW art show at Mercy Lounge!!! Be there!
I believe you've won that argument.
Who would you take for the next 10 years? Kyrie Irving or Chris Paul?
I love your love the most.
Champions take responsibility. When the ball comes over the net, you can be sure I want the ball. - Billie Jean King
I love him more than he knows when I'm not with him it's heart breaking yet I still feel whole and when I see his face I feel like I glow(:
O'Reilly didn't just help start the whole Ignite movement, they're sponsoring IgniteATL and sending books for door prizes!
#inmiddleSchool i wore my light up belt to the bridge the 1st weekend i got it #Swagg lol
follow me?(: hope o see you at ICON next month! So excited, love you<3
Best wishes for a successful 2012!
We miss you too, you gotta come over one of these days.
Guess I am going to have start bartering Klout points for work favors!
what's your take on homeschool vs. public school?
Heading into the weekend with great energy, a strong mind, an open heart & an unwavering spirit.
Then I remembered: a space-traveling robotic dog plays drums for pizza eaters. As they said in "Teen Witch," top that, Every Band Ever
(c) our hair this way we'll do it! If we wanna like this band or singer.. Guess what? We're gonna like em! People say to be you (c)
Hope people are chatting tonight during #GenYBookClub. #CMLbookchat has been eerily quiet.
Thanks for the shout out!
i followed :)
Can't wait to hear the new material.
East San Fernando Valley Redistricting Coalition is presenting
RT : "What sets highly successful creative people apart? Grit. The stubborn refusal to quit."
I was just about to tweet about the urge to yell "woo hoo!" in a reading room! (I did let out a whispered "Yes!")
Whoa whoa whoa. Is this true? Bank of America charging 5$ a month to use debit card!?
wednesday is gonna be the day 👍
Thanks for following Simply awesome, awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!! Unique, original, fun
Good Luck today against MSU
#usguys Thx for telling me abt this great community and impact its made in your social media journey. Look fwd to connecting!
Miss you too!!! Are you ever coming back to Austin??
FOLLOW BACK...MUCH SAID WADDUP!
i cannot wait for summer produce.
why did my dad's boss person just call telling us he forgot to pick up something...and my dad isn't answering his phone.
Or the idea that only god (or a particular version) can provide a basis for morality.
SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET
Its sad how much your on my mind...
Thanks Neal! Nice to know there's someone out there rooting for me!
What do you like to drink? Expresso? Cappuccino?
will miss Deadliest Catch, but good on the captain's for showing Discovery exec's just why they are skippers and the real deal.
Acting workshop tomorrow things you have to do to do the thing you love smile
people always got shit to say so explain the role you play in this industry?...
hello world
haha, and THAT is the reason why I miss you so much!! Get back here! Our neighbors need to be taught how to dougie :)
I had to step over two murder victims just to walk from my super fast ride into work. What kind of butthole just leaves em there?
Doing environmental science hw ...
#IHateSchoolBecause teachers get paid while we do all of the work.
Dallas we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Dinner tonight. Amazing flavors, decor and service. Dessert at 112 Eatery not bad either...
haha. I want to! And yeah I am too and I haven't even applied yet!
I'm doing that as well.
We only have two more blogging workshops with our amazing teaching artist, Andrea Hart, at Young Chicago Authors. Come today 5-7PM!
About time beezy! Thanks for the follow finally :D
they make good money. hm ima look into it lol
u go have a great day! U rule!
2 dreams: want to be famouse and to meat but ik meeting mb is never goin to happen everytime they come to LV
What are the odds Newt announces he is suspending his campaign at a zoo.
RT : in Hana - amazing place - gardens immaculate - coastal walk this morning & archery lesson - This is the life!
Aww cant wait either! I'm getting so much twitter lovin this week! RT : Can't wait to see my lady today. she's awesome!
Had a my first good piano practice in a long time an it reminded me how much I love to play. Wish I had more time for it </3
GOOOOAAAAAALLLL Bite me Brazil
der's some grey in der
I love waking my child up in the middle of the night to tell her how much I love her.
Have a beautious Friday people!! Spread love, be happy and live because it's a short life!
She'll be peddling her book and movie rights soon, guaranteed!
Yeah buddy RT : don't worry .. if I make it.. you'll be a guest!!
guess who I just saw walking a dog on AH Sstory?!?!
how do you fell playing Rays
Of course! We are glad to have you guys. How did the planning go?
hey even though im textin u lol
Congratulations to on her appointment to the UW Board of Regents!
same here can't wait until summer though !
Watch the storm through our big windows while you brew your own beer! I can't think of any better place to get snowed in!
Did I elbow drop someone last night? My elbow is unusually tender.
Dam we get an hour less to party tonight lol time goes forward one hour
F***king faggot.
haha his name Is mason (: dm me!
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
Got my #Psych iPhone case in the mail today
Bronson Arroyo is the first starter since Johnny Cueto's Opening Day win.
Honestly so over everything
I just watched Tiny Furniture, too. I found the tone and pace extremely compelling. (Not to mention the acting!)
Dreamed about Elvis.
The 6th stop and one of my personal favorites on this weekends Halloween Pub Crawl is ! www.calpubcrawl.com.
This Wed is booked solid. Special GPG tonight (Tues) for the AFFECTION #photography show! Book your slots online.
It's 50 degrees out but it feels like winter. This may be because my coat won't zip over my belly.
thanks Jess, I definitely celebrated tonight
She's a broke hoe, that's how you know she not with me.
This is your life, dont let other people live it for you!
It really doesn't bother me working on a 70 degree, day. It's just working every single day that becomes a little, just a little annoying.
Just got home from drive thru ordered 2 of your new baked sweet potatoes, one is large & cooked just right the other? BURNT! HELP?
I've been finding it hard to fall asleep lately. I don't know if it's the stress or the hurt.
Appreciate the reetweet:-))
And you. How are things going?
Thank you to everyone who tuned in to the show! The show is doing very well so lets keep it up and stay tuned!
Twitter Calm down my phone is about to cause an EarthQuake
Fun night! :-) RT : I'm with the amazing & at a Grammy party at ! Woop!!
I like my job :)
thanks! I like the ;) in your tweet!
bring it on-when did nirvana first form their band? ;)
what's up Seiko?
Be careful. I'm on the northwest side. A lot of lightning, thunder and rain just hitting us.
i was told that there would be punch and pie...
"Looking forward to meeting my referral partner this evening."
Back home from an inspiring #DiD11, and grateful. Thanks to presenters and esp. those who went the extra mile to give feedback to CLIR.
come back
Alright y'all we got a little more room up in here in our new digs and this sound system ain't no joke
That is an awful reason to root for a team arguably worse than the Yankees.
>>>> Ya'll are all crazy:)! LOL But ya'll are my boys:)!
#HIV study underway in #sandiego to look at prevention - with a pill. Now on
Let us know what you think!
yeah it was me. It was awk tho cause you had no idea
RT goodmorning my tweets >good morning
Okay, I get it. You only live once. Now, shut up
Holy cow im glad to be done
yep! don't get the "small" either, if you can. Get a medium size, they're rated just in case you have a bigger kitty :)
got my ears pierced finally. but now it hurts!!! which i was expecting. but still.... Owww :S
I erred on the side of caution w/ The 3 we'll have in august -- doing social good is their primary function
i think #TurnToYou is gonna be one of those songs that im never gonna get over. its so beautiful.
Feeling inspired after visiting the visionary art museum - I see a throne made of recycled objects in my future. Everyone can be a king!
oh well nope sorry I never recorded a video of you with him
Wish I could attend "Crafting your Elevator Speech" with Jennifer Hahn.
I blame Nolan.
Just walking in to see Sex and the City 2... Let you know how it is soon :)
Wow I feel like crap today I'm starting to get sick this is great 
What's my girl Sarah Phillips up to now? I miss you boo.
they got a p90 app? :-)
The only thing better than spending 2 weeks in Europe is having Europe come to me! Last day with the Brits before they head back to London.
The dude from the sopranos in those tequila commercials needs to relax he hates everything
Thank you!
The True Blood season 5 trailer looks good...
'I just want to know why we live and die in a world of lies'
Maybe it's time to shoot that txt 😏
#tedxbayarea SlideShare is like YouTube only for Power Points - doesn't sound like the most compelling business idea...
#NATO protests...... keep it movin' chicitymycity
You're the man! Thanks for listening and buying my CD today, bud.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward reading your tweets for ordinary parents like me.
Video shows fight at Penn Park. Fight involved a basball bat and one gun. Video shows people fleeing as shots ring out
wonder fully perfect day. now sleep.
Never understand how people cannot comprehend one way lanes. It's a freaking arrow sign. Don't care if you don't speak English! It's simple
Congrats , former executive director , as Ohio Society of Association Executives (OSAE) new exec director.
no, I never WANT to hear anything like Drowning Pool again. Huge difference.
I KNOW BUT SADLY FOR ME I WONT BE ABLE TO SEE IT I WILL BE AT MY CABIN THAT WEEK WITH NO TV BOO
He Said I Update My Status Too Much On Facebook. I Said
That is maybe the most jealous I have ever been of anything ever. Ever.
Seems like people are spending more time planning their strategy for #SXSW rather than executing
Time means everything to me
.. #basketballwives might be on "sleepy 'nino' brown" status now.. #yawn #cancelldatbich!
looked AWESOME tonight! You have GREAT style! Pictures "COMING SOON!"
was told today that np research is "just lobbying" & couldn't be trusted. i think not - dont confuse mission-based w/ less rigorous.
Getting ready for the #DUWPC. Media from Lacrosse Media Day have stuck around.
(7:00) Showers and T'storms just west of Columbia county heading east. Counties north of Milwaukee have a chance of t'storms until 10.
can u please send my name to alex and austin and robert please thank you
I grew up weird about cheese because my brother hid a slice of cheese in my pillowcase when we were kids.
right on.
Tazo has an Escalade type of tea and then there's their older brother's 15 year old Honda Civic tea.
Thanks and why not? :o
Human is also a spectacular album.
IM SITTING NEXT TO U :)
Certificate programs increasing in popularity - Boston Globe
The Masters!
smooches Juditka miss u!!
Meal 2 down.
Very true. Good point!
u say fans r not crazy there mindless,I say fans not stalkers there google experts. It's not there fault google knows all😜
I want all the jucy details.
Walker promised not to raid segregated State funds, yet $400 mil in segregated fund “transfers” from Gen & Environmental into Transportation
I'm not tweeting in the first person anymore!!
I get that all the time being Rastafarian.
Not a problem. A strong community begins with helping those in need.
Aint Nothing Wrong With Getting A Little Trippy- #Juicy J
lol...she went in on him
Here we are, here we are Away again on your star
im hungry
nice! Well I'm sure ur gonna sleep well then :)
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident East 290 at Springdale
I love that I have what amounts to a team of professors that have more confidence in me than I do in myself.
rooting for CT and diem love them
Let's go wildcats!!
Ive been writting n promoting comedians on here n never gotten a s/o or a rt. Please show em how a real comedian treats her fans.
Saturday, Dec. 31 645am Manchester United vs Blackburn Rovers 900am Arsenal vs Queens Park Rangers 900am Chelsea vs Aston Villa
you and Kati are very similar, Tara. Both of you are over achievers :)
I dislike the following words: moist, artisan, kimchi, baby mama, supple and oh so many others
Live where you want to live not where you are told to. You should not be taxed for freedom of choice.
where is my boy?
Lyrics to live by!
I'm #thankful for the job upheaval of the last year that's made me stronger and brought me to a great job with awesome coworkers
Getting A Stripper Pole As A Birthday Gift!!!
I lovey you Jacqueline. You're a sweetheart and know just what to say:)
Happy Birthday!
Tonight@ hosts NASHVILLE NIGHTS! 7pm local or 7pm Eastern if you're watching online. Don't miss it!!!
Republican controlled legislature in WI passed bill removing all Milwaukee Area Technical College board members & adds 5 business members.
good luck at Eagleman!
Paul Higgins is sex.
what it do
I'm sick of these fuckin ppl
its fishin by takenobu. get the whole album 'introduction' it's fantastic.
Or like holding a baloon underwater. Comes back to surface when you stop suppressing it. Also, sux to be baloon.
I don't tweet much but when I do my tweets are exquisite
oh god. love it. one of my fav all time quotes.
Sarah and the Tall Boys, my favorite part of the American Music Festival at FitzGerald's. She rhymed reckless with breakfast, ok?
Yayayayayaya South Carolina 🐚☀👙🌾
get rid of those tights and armsleeves and start looking like a
Can't Wait To See Him<3
See the Avengers? Thoughts?
C. is buying tickets for the lottery tonight. One for me too. In case I win I will buy an island and adopt 20 dogs, cats and maybe 5-6 kids
ugh somebody get me so pain meds STAT.
“I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.”
We really want to, but we are headed to the beach to tomorrow to test one of our upcoming iPhone apps.
The most serious relationship in my life is with my coffee mug. Stable, stylish and filled with dark brown love.
you could inbox me if you want. Or Facebook
DEMONIC DEMONIC!!! Is Here For The Year Of FEAR!!!
#Ossining parade traffic is the stuff of my nightmares right now. On days like this, I wish I had a SmartCar ... or a bicycle.
Air conditioner unit for the main floor is finally in window.
Also found some great new workout routines and a yummy veggie dish recipe today. I kind of really love cooking now. Good day!
RT : Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart. ~ Winnie the Pooh ·**◦.♡
Happy Birthday Derek Jeter!
I think we called it that too. I remember something back there would get blazing hot in the sun and we'd always burn ourselves.
C'mon Deputy...
Thanks for following back! I'm looking forward to meeting with you next week!
Thanks for retweeting today's sweet offer!
Looks like Tiger is already falling apart at the president's cup.
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
The class of 2012 is the most intelligent and attractive class yet- President Bollinger (emphasis on attractive!!)
“: Happy Mothers Day to the :)” [you rock, thanks my friend. Have a great day yourself]
Then boredom struck.
Hamtramck High Holds All-Girl Prom
Driving my dad to the train station at 4:30am <<<
pretty sure miranda wasn't easy and I dated her for awhile. And hmm she wasnt a hoe?! Wow, you got me.
i might upload some videos of the Rammstein concert tomorrow.
that's 2 for Givers. what song u like?
So proud that we stepped up for the win today!": Chiefs beat Colts 28-24! #chiefs #Gameday"
not a lot. Just enough. :)
thanks sis for sharing and good to meet you Ametria...looking forward to it!
Major fail today. Your survey/poll creation service really let me down. Sent feedback email. Look for it, please.
Will do. I'm glad to find someone attending to this topic and getting some attention for it! Introvert is not a derogatory term!
just looked at the sugar content on my Chobani blueberry. WHOAH. goodbye.
that awkward momnet when you just come out the washroom and your a cute guy is there :\
almost my entire roll of photos on my iPhone are of my dog ;) with a few beers mixed in.
And just call men melena
A girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass but One Direction Haters, yes you, you can kiss my ass
I officially know all the lyrics to #SaySomethin (:
