“: Virtual insanity! I want my floor to move like that.” hell yeah!!!
Melo is a great individual player - arguably the best scorer in the NBA. I think #KNICKS should trade him 4 another team-oriented scorer.
First time i can ever think of a SummerSlam falling on my BDay Aug 14th I will be seeing it in style!
What's there to do? I'm bored.
Nothing says teen pop song like CCR's Fortunate Son. Because its so a pro America tune to get behind.
It's hilarious when someone posts a FB photo showing off their body but write some baloney reason why they r posting it to not seem vain
ha! whats the excuse for every other day?MT:some nxtbus predictions may not be available. Remember Metrobus is running on Sat schedule
why so late lol
Wake up LA! Tune into KTLA5 and catch tear through the Factory and Visitor Center ... Here we go!
thanks for adding us to your list!
Writing my grandfather letters >>>
Thanks for the follow, mate.
haha nice :P
I got a bag of lettuce for lunch today.
It's weird how I have this one script I wrote that everyone keeps telling me is really commercial and I keep thinking it would never sell.
#vsa2011 First comedy with Steve Bitgood now on to A Critical Look at Our Models of Exhibit Evaluation
Yay! Hi there, lady! So psyched you found us! Join us for our pasty project?
It's a down payment. I'll defer to Wilbon here though, not all, even in bball/football should get paid.
Only a few assignments left.. then studying, finals and BEACH!!!
San Fran has nature? the fuq?
LOL Wat the crew doin for St. Patrick's day?
hell yah i dont know why there are so many!?
Why is it that writing parsers always takes 10x longer than you think it will. All the edge-cases and error handling creep up on you.
At McIntire for the second time for a CUb Scout event- kids are excited
Katy Perry you're not Audrey Hepburn.
Some great ideas coming from #sschat Best advice? Make sure students enjoy it! It's an accomplishment afterall.
Thanks for reaching out. Very open to that! I'm rather () international minded...
Thank you very much! Let me know your opinion.
Thanks for the RT, as always.
I'ts not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life...it is how you handle what happens to you.
Just closed out a 10
Let me sing to u will feel better. I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
yes, we were crawling too. Mystery T-jam?
Facetime with Terry and Kira (my dogs)... like I give a...
Omg. The Finder is cancelled! Oh Well.
What hill gals are the most fashionable???
Enjoy it! :) Happy Friday!
that place is so freaking awesome!! Great food and and awesome decorations!
Gmail Is Down for Some, But Google Hasn&#39;t Said Why
It seems like I was just getting accepted into the gifted program in elementary school, & now I'm already graduating from HS. Time FLYS FAST
No plans but im excited cuz its the weekend :D
ELI manning ... Wow
was up to my eyebrows in extensions today. I'm pooped!
Hey everybody go follow who knows maybe he'll follow you back, he did for me :)
searching for a QA Supervisor in Arkansas
are u advocating 4 more enforcement of rules of the road 4 bicyclists? 1s I've seen r not very good @ obeying them.
NEVER SAY NEVER <3
ok $300, i used them at cod xp and didnt notice good enough quality for such a price
greatly appreciate the follow! Gotchaback:)
Need to go get my hair done..
dood that mom was joking with you :P haha but yeah dood where did you meet that girl that you said is your gf in yur twitpic
#Kings offering “Black is Back Pack” starting @ $199- 4 games against the last trio of #NBA champ teams, MVPs & the reigning scoring leader
Editors- BOHH says
Protesting Even!
Figured out I can just send myself links to articles I want to read from the Cheating? They allow for it.
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move
Yay 9th circuit court struck down Prop 8 -- I'm still married!! :-)
why did the chicken cross the mobius strip? to get to the same side. you've been POMPED son.
be back later bitches lol
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw your team includes your attorneys, financial professional, family therapist, etc.
RT if you will be attending Lynyrd Skynyrd (the season opener!) on May 5th!
Come learn more about NMAP with American University students tabling today inside Mary Graydon Center from 11am - 2pm
Lies! I'm the best disc golfah around. Whatchu kno bout
Q4 Can't think of a volunteering experience that wasn't in a library. Maybe I need to diversify.
Making my money and being successful is my main goal.💰💎 Which come along with the happiness 😃
Working on my weekend to do list. Sticking to it I get tons done....
"Patience is the companion of wisdom." - St. Augustine
Kristen, Puppy Power activate! Form in the shape of lasers with cancer-fending abilities!
“ #Np edge of glory - Lady gaga”
I don't think NIT is worth much more than postseason practice, not sure why we've all decided to flip out. Reason why they aren't top 64.
Got Twitter Reach? Help us spread the word about the Maritime Ghost Conference fundraiser for the Maritime Museum of San Diego this Sept 15
Love to! When do you have time for a Skype call somewhere this week please use PST time, my skype is klaas.lameijer.
I hope learn about your wish about a MOOC platform - hopefully we can catch up in Vancouver... Hope you survive the heat in AZ :)
I havnt forgotten either!!!:)
and #ManU is on espn2. They have it twisted, I believe.
I love Sam malvey so much..like legit. She the sweetest but craziest girl I've even known love u(;
of only the didn't close at 9!
Will you be at TEC next week? What time are you arriving?
8:30am tomorrow we are doing a walkthrough of a potential home for the Institute. Fingers crossed!
Fear is carefully crafted. If it's not good grades, it's good credit. Fuck the world.
what? It's like 70 degrees today...
Hey, I did get your DMs and I just emailed you (). Looking forward to chatting!
Great #nogijujitsu session with #gabrielrainho at #combatcompanyrichmond this morning now for a well earned rest day
Your historical journey has cracked me up today. I would photoshop that line on some stone tablets but i don't have the time :)
#sexfact round1 can be disappointing. But round 2 is phenomenal. Round three can get u sprung
So grateful to for reminding me of the immense value of taking Imperfect Action. Divine leads need room to evolve/be refined.
Waking up.. Remembering Every Thing That Happened This Day 10 yrs Ago... 102 Minutes That Changed America #RIP For Those Who Risked Their Li
Same here. You and the others made Toy Fair helped make Toy Far a really good experience for me.
Burns Drugs La Jolla has a ton of St. Patrick's day themed gifts, among other fun items. Love the neighborhood feel of this store.
Fuck I forgot all my awesome tweets. Damnit.
the deed is done. Honestly they are perfect haha.
i loled. jello sucks when you is old.
TWITTER THURSDAY MARK DIS SHIT DOWN AS A SUCCESS
mister cee blessing kats ear drums as usual ...
Just had a margarita with chips and queso at Applebee's.
Busy bee... buzz!!
#tweetsfromeveryyearsince1996 RT : It's a little sad to see Erick Dampier out there. Mobility is so limited...
YES. RT : This moment is more precious than you think.
Going over my master to do list. What needs to be accomplished in the next 21 days?
Definitely! Keep up the great work guys!
right, but they could cede control of one night apiece to stations. on each to make it feasible and promote.
People inspire people
YEAH i remember the one Crab dropped or the 8 Finley dropped out of 9.
feels you 100%!!! Let's be mrs b to let us all back in!!!
1hr left to RSVP for Big Barrel Wednesday. Email to get on the list. 7-8pm FREE Beer. First 75 only!
Mayor Villaraigosa: "indifference is unacceptable"
So sick of disappointment.
I did
hey you should meet He's on the eastside too! Awesome guy I used to work with ! :)
My eyes are too tired to import, edit, & upload pictures. This is a true sign of my exhaustion.
going back to work,yipee .
Get out and Vote,... this is a very important election!!! Please make a difference.
Audio just went out for a
including some of purely defensive spells of play!
twitter convo since you dont like to text ! how was your day?
"Is the Resurrection of Jesus an appropriate topic?" (for a 5-7 page argumentative essay on a current issue) #AmbitiousStudents #WHAT?
If you'd like to know what spilling an ounce of body spray on yourself smells like, come by the Archives. Smell the fail.
how nice!
Interested in writing for The Sporting Rave Network? Email to get started.
It's funny how distant two people can become, despite how close they used to be.
Georgia is still as backwards as hell. School gave out math questions and incorporated slavery references. The principal defended it.
If only every fake bullet hole sticker could be replaced by a real one.
they wanted to shut us down but the whole teams here #bringitback #mop #gangstarr #premier #BOPPO!
Blown away by 's creativity, talent, and thoughtfulness...
Just posted: "ARE YOU FEELIN' LUCKY?" - Dustin Hoffman wants to know
Happy Easter~
I think my gym teacher just plays his music really loud in the mornings so he doesn't have to talk to us.
whos down for the late night booof??
hello!? That's offensive to me too:P
i feel mentally incapacitated due to lack of sleep and a cold.
I'm kinda happy I didn't yell out to that guy, then. Awkward! :)
Love your friends and every minute of ur life you never kno when it will end
I agree. Shorter #inaug09 tag easier. I like use of #dctrip09, too.
People around the Houston Rockets organization say the "primary goal" for team during the offseason is to land a star player.
We had a wonderful time in Michigan. Zingerman's better than we hoped it would be. Gameday atmosphere was fantastic.
Love that they are re-running the #UMass TV ad w/ reading 's first book! Thanks for the plug, sir.
I NEED MOREE FOLLOWERS ,
lmfao how cute!
Rangers involved in a close game? I find that surprising.
Well done, well done.
Selena Gomez is prettier, more talented, and has more followers. (she is sorta-kinda my idol)
oh my life
Just home from a read-thru of a family drama titled Thicker Than Forget.
any chance USA could host the FIFA Club WC? Miami, LA, and Dallas could be great host cities for a December tournament.
you're kidding right that beef was amazing Ham was good cherry tort was amazing.. you're dumb
#France is sending 600 liters of serums, 600 pain treatment kits and 200 burn treatment kits to victims of #Honduras #prison fire
oh wait, I get it, back on Twitter! Lol welcome back!!
: JOAN RIVERS JUST PUT SOMEBODY'S CELL PHONE IN HER PANTIES. #BillyontheStreet Creepy tonight!
thanks! looks fantastic!
Forfeit the game before somebody else takes you out of the frame and puts your name to shame- Name the Linkin Park song(:
you know now you have to tell me what song it was on...
Time to take a break...
Tell the demon I say "hi".
Just search YouTube right quick and tell me which beat u wanna use.
YOLO = you obviously lack originality
Sorry you are bored.
aww sweet thanks babe,,ohh i need to go ..talk to u again ..when im on..
I see your star you left it burning for me
:2 bridesmaids dresses I need to get this month!! <--- Awe!
let me know when your 2011-2012 bball shirts go on sale...i will be ordering one then.
SO JEALOUS. I've always wanted to get in there. I think you might just be my idol.
“: They both made more money then any one of us will ever see in our lifetime , who's the real losers here? lmao us.” true lol
It's easy to say by looking at records who will be in the NBA finals, but the last time it was a lock out a 8th seed played for it all
Im up for no reason.....i need to be back in the bed.
Not much... Reeses' Piece :D
“ Happy birthday ” Thank You!
GYROS FRY PEPSI
Hey, that's not Chop!
RT : USA scores a goal to go ahead of Algeria 1-0 in #worldcup - can they hold on in overtime?
REMEMBER, Lynchburg College's graduation hashtag is #LCGrad. Here's to 500 graduates, ready to change the world!
Meeting officially adjourned!
Enlighten the people, generally, and tyranny and oppressions of body and mind will vanish like spirits at the dawn of day.
Monster rehab!
Aw luv u too!
rooftop VIP tables ain't no fable
I am un chien Andalusia I am un chien Andalusia I am un chien Andalusia
And why did I think I'd be ready for the Mercer Island half marathon this morning?
Straight men are so disgusting when they turn around to stare at a woman's ass.
Oh, and congrats on ACLS fellowship! (Just saw; I'm behind on everything apparently!)
Lol im going to hit my head against a wall if somebody that i used to know starts playing.
I think it's about time I post up a new design! It's been too long, sorry for the lag.
Just bought "freshwater boys" while on a mini-vacation in Grand Haven - it is even signed. Thanks for your hard work!
and their shall be a war that engages ps3 gamers vs xbox gamers and see whose best O_O PS3 PS3 PS3
Easton, great to be connected! Matthew
BAsketball today(((::
Touchdown #Bills... Finally!
Love you too... Thanks for keeping me in check... I am still good and going strong. Hows the marathon training coming?
It is Alabama's Library Legislative Day 2012! Get ready to get your geek on! What do you geek? I geek chocolate!
U up
As we tweet, we must turn the "subtweet" around to ourself to see if we do the same... Learned that from - lol
I miss you too punk!!!! How ya been??
Ran Across great information on IDEA Health & Fitness Association!
YOU DID WHAT???
In the future if I get the hairbrained idea to want to upload tons of HD video remind me again not to. Shit takes 4EVER!
definitely not that nice. I bet you can get something nice in west humbo or Austin! :)
Seaside early in the a.m.
Anything for my gal! Although, when a man is cooking meat on a fire...he is in caveman mode.
you at work man?
I am surprised that the Obama campaign is letting out the Bain attack on Romney so early in the campaign
Yes JAH! DO it
cites studies that show access to school library w credentialed librarian offsets effects of poverty
damn son..I can't believe Mariano Rivera's career is probably over
working for Konkle star today. About to head into work
I must be south of Norfolk, cuz people just got friendly!
I have it just waiting for your address.
Did you know SIRI was a SXSW Accelerator in 2010?
coding up forms on #appengine; django goodness makes it mostly a matter of wiring
Just woke up with the most lovely voice ever heard and on The Most Charming smile I ever Saw♥ Can't wait 4 2moro
cool friendship guys?
Games like yesterday's 13-2 blowout make me wish I owned a bocce team instead.
Rick walks better in heels than I do. Lol! I'll date u, Rick! Beat it Caroline~
u no longer at Sobe Live?
I'm on restart número uno. oh boy!
- Smething wrong with your 'stream' Jim? There's a pill fot that. LOL
I actually physically hate emotions and feelings.
eeeew Cueto! Reds are looking solid so far
You are not kool unless you follow She's dope
#FollowFriday for all of their support and everything they do for us.
That would be excellent
Hi Jim, as a melanoma survivor, I am happy to see this reminder to everyone! Thanks and don't forget the sunscreen
I once complimented a guy's vocabulary. And it seems to be working out.
oh my goodness are you in WA??
Golocal Chicago launch party tonight! At Chicago bagel authority! 7pm, 10$ at the door gets you free beer!
Its ok to make mistakes in social media
LSE believes that strong marketing & branding DRIVE PR. If interested in working with us, please contact us at:
We are going to be out in midtown and downtown today. Hit us up if you want to join or renew!!!
thanks, jason!
Double checking to make sure we ordered takeout from Luigi's, not Waluigi's. THAT would suck.
im back :P
Go To Team's Tom Wells shooting promos with the cast of MTV's Teenwolf tonight on the F3
Let ur past make u better not bitter
RT : Don't care if you're not a photographer: Tell us about a photo you LOVE - and why you love it. Send via @ reply.
Damn today was not good. i ate four burgers and like a Heck load of chips.
Appreciate you, my followers. Thanks for sticking around. This account just needs ALOT more followers!!!! RT and help me please :)
Insanely good, relaxing day. Le sigh... Sweet dreams for me tonight!
it looked legit to me on the TV
I heard it was really emotional
wait, are you in los angeles, today?
we're trying an experiment this summer. no tv for the kids all summer. we'll see...
Best business advice from = relentless incrementalism. Use small steps, and never quit.
Seriously. It should not have been a tough call. Toney Douglas may be the worst, chucker-est starting NBA PG I've ever seen.
#100kstrong Congrats class of 2012. Its just the beginning. Go Bengals
TWEET ME AM BORED:
You've cat to be kitten me right meow.
I'm an extremely picky person.. Which doesn't help at all
The ending gives me chills everytime
bleak spectrally shifted organ lounge music in montreal. and a purple hotel.
Great! Bring some friends!
Big Dreams & Rhyme Schemes.
Hahahahaha avocado is trending now... here come all the avocados..
Good luck in your job search! If you want to tell me what you're looking for/where, I'll tweet it to recruiters. (Worth trying.)
It's amazing how much damage can be done, when you have nothing but good intentions.
I'm so tired, I want to quit life.
Businesses that don't want their images pinned should put <meta name="pinterest" content="no-pin" /> in their meta data.
Woohoo! RTInspired by mobile technologies sessions: qr codes, apps, 4sq, mobile walking tour, oh my!
Will the IA/MN game be replayed on BTN this week?
You doin too much! Chill out because you don't me.
I just wanted to thanks everyone for being Dianely's fans! You all Rock!
": Who's Online With Me? ❤(◕‿-)❤ ReTweet This Or Mention Me If You Need A FollowBack!" Follow mw back sweetie
I would have, but im on the desktop and can't reach the screen, plus my mom is home
Thanks for the support!
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!!!
A hitter's impatience is the pitcher's biggest advantage. -Pete Rose
that's me! Lol
The seeds don't stand a chance, SquE-Z!
For Mizzou it's somewhere between Everton, Aston Villa, Newcastle, Fulham. Teams that hang around always but can't win
Happy to sponsor tonight's #SharkTank live tweet -- best show on TV!
www.5starlimos.us book your #limo now we have unbeatable prices
still sobbing from it and the promo. to be honest
Nope. Although Frankenstein could be considered science fiction, or may anti-science fiction, the term hadn't been coined yet.
S/o to the beautiful
#TheGrove on Mother's Day = bad idea!
I can think of nothing better to drink tonight than a Lagunitas Imperial Red Ale. M...
I agree. Great place. Did Bella make the right choice?
Yes. Thoughts of sun and warmth. RT : Mariner's game soon? Cc:
Thank you Spear and Mission, you do like your pies! See you back next Tuesday.
unfortunately we don't have it on right now. Keep your eyes and ears open for it in the fall.sorry!
Honesty want to jump off a cliff right now
My parents have finally decided to get air conditioning in my house... It's been 17 years with just fans!
Wears a short dress, she gets hate. Wears a long dress, she gets hate.
If you're OK with increased taxes, education failing, roads & bridges crumbling...vote Republican. At least no marriage 4 "the gays" right?
Thanks for your kind tweet. I'm truly humbled.Thanks again : )
it's and the sun is still out :o
Hoping to return to inspired for action!
is too good for any stupid curse... Even if he gets it he will break through.
All is good here, Ms. Snitty. Laying low and taking online courses. It's good to see you!
Fuck I'm doing awake?
Patio Furniture: Recycled Furniture Buy New-Alera VC41FG10G ...
Yanelis;And Who Is Your Favorite ICONic Boy And Why ? :)
welcome cafe 41 to nyc and Twitter :) try one of our slices, I would love to hear what u think!!
I know! I've been waiting for a De La Vega for feels like forever. Could be due to tearing through Cascadia/DLV in 2 wks in 2011
Chaos Theory?
The reason they call dry food "dry" is because it dries out the coat, skin, organs & all. Never feed dry food to a cat.Causes kidney failure
Getting ready for a long week I had a great weekend wit my grown babies I be missing them when they gone
impressive wound, what happened?
I probably don't want to know
I miss u sis
Hi Jenn! We can definitely track retweets (& for way cheaper than R6). Let me know if you have any questions -
RT/tinamontana601 R U looking one on twitter, What about Your church should be full of women dressing modest. It's a commandment from God
- you are welcome, I'm looking forward to your tweets.
60 sec. fade a nigga in violation RT Lets enforce it! RT : you own the word swag from here on out
hahah. :) what does that mean?
see ya tomorrow
Today's black film of the day is "A Gathering of Old Men." Great film & a great book as well.
Bored so I think I'll watch the wire
I respect girls who are heavier than others that rep like they're the baddest bitch in the world. They can see the beauty, why can't you?
is it just MS problems or you have other unnecessary BS going too that people are putting on you when they know they should not ?
Anytime! We had a blast! RT : Thanks for hosting!
:O i was jk master
i like "fanm pa m nan"
Like John Wayne said: There is people at the head of charities getting the most of the money. While the cause gets little help and money!
I highly doubt that you can stick to that...
Belgian chocolate 4 the holidays. Because fruitcake is gross. Now carrying Cote d'Or, Dolfin, Galler, Leonidas & Nirvana (in blueberry!)
youre in love with kota you just dont admit it
christmas movies al night (:
yay! I'm guessing its been a long day. I'm not home until 6 or so tonight. Enroute to the airport for my flight.
I'm A Vet No Pets Bitch.#ItsProblemsHoe .#HoeGoHam .
The notion of incremental change (in the library fuel) is a loosing proposition - Matt Poland, Hartford public library
Everyone went somewhere so here I am alone .-. hearing noises.
You should keep your promises no matter what!
The "walk of shame" is just a term for girls. For guys it's called "the parade of victory"
Haha thank you for that reminder! :)
At very least they should experiment with occasional dirtcheap nosebleeds, see what happens.
I haven't had a txt in 2days. Line been dry
What Is MY morning playlist? Today we have Billie Holiday, Johnny Cash, Dean Martin, and
It is beyond sexy to watch a man dive face first. Chin glistening and whatnot. Whew, lawd! *fans myself*
it was a pleasure to chat with you earlier, thank you.
Everyone's afraid of something, that's how you know you care about things, when you're afraid you'll lose them.
RT Rupert says he went in back door of 10 Downing Street to "avoid photographers." Well that's rich.
"Oh, you ARE here! How are you? Y'like it here? Staying caught up? Great! Want a raise?" "I, uh, wouldn't say no to one?!" "GOOD ANSWER!"
Did i legit just change my name?YES YES I DID.....
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 3. Wikileaks, Julian Assange, champion of free speech or criminal?...
Forget your sign...what's your #approval rating?
This is painful
#ZaynIsFlawless he really is.. We need more guys like him.
Hi there! If you have a space in a cluster unit at DHSI, let me know... Thanks!
Romney wins control of political Hindenburg. She's all yours, cap'n.
50% off your favorite puccia!!! See u there
Vodka and RedvsBlue and lots of chocolate = My epic Saturday night ^____^
GoodMorning.... Any plans for today? <AB
follow me back and yea,YOU ARE GREAT !!!
I don't wanna study for trig ugh
I'm trying to make some kind of geographic sense of this.
Idk, Is She There?
Educators-only event at #Museum on Wednesday, 1/25 @ 5 PM. Staff will present the new Teacher Guide materials. RSVP
I say no when Dora asks for my help. THUG LIFE. s(￣へ￣ )z
"If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” – Anthony Robbins
say what bro? :/
Yep:) I Love Them <3
you don't have to tell me. :)
#sla2011 Pearlstein---SLA competencies need to be incorporated into library school curriculums
PROUD TO BE A MOUNTAINEER #WVU KEEP IT UP!!!
I think it funny how there's so much pressure for a reel but nobody watches them. #truth Testa/shaner, they never watch reels
NFTC is this weekend!
awesome congrats
Good morning tweets starting in France now courtesy of and And here I thought the night was young.
And you too!
Marathon is this Sunday. Nerves starting to set in....
Well, I am planning on bringing some cookies to you for tomorrow's class. #history + #chocolate = happy
How many of you die-hard bible and church believers never read the bible? Read the bible for yourself. Some people lie about bible info.
#NP With Arms Wide Open~ Creed
Just dm'd you...should I plan on not coming?
Thanks to Mr Hill and everyone at the Scotish Rite theatre for giving us a tour and letting us use your stage!
Freezing cold? Yuck. Overcast, but feels muggy in East County.
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Courtside Seats for the Bulls vs. Heat game March 14th @ the UC?
French press is the only way to go...somehow I feel as though I'm making Juan Valdez proud!
Girls and I got caught in a drenching downpour. Yuck. Meeting a friend for drinks tonight.
keep lions def in today? As wisconsin news reports "they are going to try to take down the giant"
Oh boy. Can't wait.
it looks pretty hilarious! But work duty calls 😔
lol nice username. Glad you took the time out of your day to make a hate account for fans. You must not have a life....
bullied em in the game we won this season.......packs the paint with ibaka and perkins?....denvers bigs were better.
Excited for the #oscars!!! Can't wait to see my favorite actors on the
. Big data. Consumer health. Startup. Disruptive. If these get you excited, pls. ping me. Looking for a passionate CTO.
how about in England?
Returning to the airwaves today after a day and a half of snow days - tune in at www.suffolk.edu/radio.
I hate to say it but America is in its last days. Say hello to the North American Union. (Canada/US/Mexico).
Don't succumb to "booth envy" -- most small companies should get only enough space to suit what they have to show and their staffing.
On American Idol 2 of these 3 should be in danger - Joshua and Heejun. Probably only one will be though.
yet ppl with real #green energy solutions like t/don't harm environment get
I'm at Costco in Toledo.
you flew around the bases after that long shot!!
Ok Michael Imperioli we get it, Patron is for "those rappers with baggy jeans" and 1800 is for the old-school swinger in a tux. Enough.
But, the Ron Sexsmith movie just won a #sxsw film award! That's something, right?
Your tweets make me miss Tokyo even more!
8 mile run done. Training at 830 & 945. Nutrition class at 11. Massage at 1215. Date night with hubby. Full Saturday.
ch-ch-ch-ch-changes...
CONGRATULATIONS! I am so happy for you! BIG BIG hugs and kisses!!!!!
Which teams are in your Final Four for ? I've got OSU winning it all!
We are watching it too. Do you like the new season so far?
Matt Shaub is effn GARBAGE!!!! His completion % is a JOKE!!! It's killing my team!
LOL :D your crazy silly..
Decent race so far, but they need to have the capability to actually start the car again.
I am comfortable with today's hardware somewhat but still cannot change a SIM card. Hire me to write an operating system won't say no.
Taking a nap.
Join us on April 2nd at the #AWMC. This event is FREE! I hope you can come out to support our young people - they're AMAZING!
you love what? Lol
Every time I send out Thank You cards I worry about being poisoned by toxic envelope glue. Thanks Kastanza!
I watch Community for Annies Boobs. I love that monkey.
I did not know you were an eagles fan. I hate to say it - cause I love big red. But this is bad.
What level of hell for Internet popup ads?
RT : Just because I didn't speak on it doesn't mean I didn't peep the shit....
Happy snow day to those off today; safe travels to everyone coming to the Anschutz medical campus.
": As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones."
i feel really uncomfortable right now... but i'm SO GLAD to be home :P
Lee Majors is a stud
Suggestions? MT : Hey I <3 you guys! Do u have favorite inspirational blogs about life, change, growth, hardships?
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 16.
Thanks for the Tweet! Plenty of great journalism internships right now. #Florence, #London, and elsewhere.
Avatar: A Cinematic Masterpiece. Its about life, overcoming adversity, economic sustainability, drinking blue moons, and schmoking a j. -_-
I'd love it so much if the package I'm waiting on arrived soon. Then I could go out and "work" outside. At least I have a patio to wait upon
You're the absolute best!! Will always have mad props and respect for you both! :-)
NOW: Cafe Mocha. Next Friday: SON COMO SON! Salsa Under the Stars! Get there early for the FREE salsa lesson with SALSA BABY!
learn how to speak
85 days till I take my drivers test
at therapy!
#Bearcats let's get it
lit my sea breeze soy candle, ate some dark chocolate, kicked my feet up. already feeling a bit more zen.
What resources do you use to promote yourself?
thanks .. I'm thankful for all the places we get to see.. It is hard moving so much & being away from friends & family
it's not about making a joke. It's that I literally type 'crap cake' inherently & have to make it a point to go back & edit.
Need flyers/postcards for your next event? check us out at www.musicalstop.com
Quote of the day: "When you mess with someone, make sure that person doesn't have an army on their back."
Get better!
Just another
Yeah. Uh..Shocking.
10sparky59 Sparky Perfume on Sale up to 90% off and FREE SHIPPING
RichmondNightOut.com will be up & running by Dec.1 -Tell your friends to join the free mailing list today 4 more info! RichmondNightOut.com
I will be soo happy if the bruins loose
Pharez Whitted Jazz Sextet - thx to ETA Theater for having us on Sept. 28th Wednesday @ 7pm @ 7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL - hope2CU
on the final page of this paper then just to put works cited and a bit of editing. And then my music final. almost done for the day!
we LOVE #Foodiechats community: ...
Went and worked out, came back to no hot water in the shower.
I'm Anna Logg in a digital world. meow
We are gathering outside Carnival stockholders meeting at the W Hotel on MB at 11. join us, demand they pay their fair share
Stay on the ancient path set forth in the Word of God. How we travel that path will continue to change. Methods change - message doesn't.
riding bikes uphill home. That becomes problematic. But, we made it and all's well that ends well.
are you in the U.S.? Because it looks like it's ok on my end, but there are geographic restrictions sometimes.
Whats good mane when we finna go party? I'm be at the next #Raiders game lets get high under the bleachers when the D is out
good one. Here's another. How come guys point at their wrist when they ask what time but not groin when asking where bathroom is
Just watching out for you ;-)
Poster has been accepted and flight booked. #mlanet12 here I come!
Diet low in #calories and #carbohydrates is more beneficial for the
And I'm blasting Shinedown/singing along! :D
see i made it on bus to Hickory Furniture Mart without puking! haha. good to met ya :)
Studies have shown under inflated tires can cause a decrease in fuel economy. Be sure your tires are properly inflated.
Who's perception is this? Not disagreeing or agreeing - just confused.
Every store around me takes EBT and not a single one has a ATM
Thanks for promclaming Arvday Sabonis Day in Portland and Commissioner Leonard for helping us celebrate!
wish me luck for my exams yet Im getting busy downloading for the newest episode of #TVD ...huhuhu..tweet me please!
This comment was removed by CISPA
Harper isn't a baseball player, Rickey Henderson was.
Thanks for the follow! :)
We have 797 staff & faculty positions open at How many of you are waiting for a decision?
ah, I see your in DC, well you should totally do it there too! ps. GEM is outrageous!
Rethink assumptions about libraries- just b/c you build services and spaces, doesn't mean people will use them. Max potential!
umm... shoot!!! Well what kind of monster did you create via code?
If you're going to shoot your own lighting and tripod are mandatory. Think of audience.
on how neighborhood police and local officials outweigh central authority - democratic state in absence of rule of law
Likewise.. thanks for the people Recs
If the Crossing Broad guy is the guy trying to convince the media that Phillies fans aren't all morons, we are in trouble.
what a great group, you represent the essence of craft beer...always inclusive, never comprising: an evolution in progress
i hear ya.
I'm enjoying ebooks more and more! Just finished an ebook in three hours when I've been reading the same paperback for 5 days!
W.definingmomentsbysm.com.... Make sure you check it out!
Happy Friday!! May the fourth be with you.
Pretty sure I've lived exclusively on oatmeal and blonde roast the last eight mornings. Well, I'm consistent!
Getting professional. Look out.
Wow, #Louisville takes lead with a 15-2 run and 17 seconds left...
follow me back lol
did you do your research paperr
Yeah, but accidental, lower-shoulder balls aren't.
is looking for great sales people to come work at Yodle!
smoking a cig dick!
What a great event!
Whitney Houston's death is hard to believe. This is crazy. I pray for Bobbie Christine who lost her mom too soon. God bless you
Is it Friday yet? I'm wiped!!
yeah. I'm tryna make ivy happy
You guys saw my squad Chelsea FC take out Barcelona and the best player in the world, right?
#100thingsilove 91; tall guys. even though i'm really short :3
Once again I wish I could write a footnote to a footnote.
“: when is the housewarming party?!” as soon as your not busy! :-)
Totally OEDed last night; have been puking up words all morning.
If we weren't such good friends I'd think that I'd hate you.
Not a big pork eater but ohh i want bbq ribs right now!
Get the fuck out of here. #Canucks score.
? of the Day: What would you rather witness: inside the park grand slam OR an unassisted triple play?
Great meeting with pilot customer helping students in Washington access and complete college. Exciting work!
Republicans could give a crap about everyday Americans. All they care about is Power
We are very excited to be hosting this month!!
Thanks for following Boom One Records Ted! We just released a new disc last Tues (Hope Massive - Itani) on all online stores!
we need to do something tonight. I'm having withdraws.
the tube us gonna suck tonight. #Phillies played already. The stupid #NHL put 3 game tomr. nothing tonight.
all heck will break lose if Hollie is declared safe early in the show
ill see u at registration buddy =^__^= >:) better watch ur back
Rosen has a point. 5 kids is work. But I cant feel Ann's pain. She has resources. Part of the pain raising kids is being broke
Wow twitter being gay!
Listening to Ella & Louis sing "The Frim-Fram Sauce" while revising my script "Dear Dios" ... Ah, this is the life :)
Roy Williams Deer in Headlights Face!
good morning!! Can u follow back please?
nope. It was to slow. Ima gonna try again tho.
what is that? tea? shitty green bottled beer?
The memories keep playing over and over in my head when all I wanna do is just forget
Miz may be joining soon if Miz doesnt turn it around with WWE brass
Beers been hitting me quick lately lol
Got cleansed though conversation. Thank you Lord for GOOD people!
although, if you wanted to have everyone record one of your songs with their phones and send it in, I'd be happy to edit it.
Nice!! Sounds like a good recommendation :)
DIPA is a hazy gritty hop explosion. IIPA does. A lot. 's Ruination not as citrusy as Hales.
If U give me a cuddle I Love U forever hahahahaha
Thanks for the Tweet!
POTUS is an asshole and will be impeached when the republicans clean the leftist clock in nov. STFU, Obama is the worst ever.
Mikey tweeted u back!!!!? =D
@ AAlcondez >>>> Greetings to you my dear...
ha good question,it was over a month ago & thats how it should be!just makin each day the best :)releasing a new song soon!
#MayimBialik is short. I hate how tv makes people look bigger than they really are.
Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst
#Rayj > plies goon
- Thx - like your tweets as well.
Check out all our specials at www.tdmwebacademy.com
you couldn't live without me ryan who would you "abuse" everyday? Lmao jk.
hope you both enjoyed the T-Social last night.
to justify tax breaks at a time when people were paying $4 a gallon for gas.
I hadn't but am listening now! Totally sounds like me :) What are the best songs?
Escape the cold and come into Panello in Lawrenceville today to check out our awesome selection of cozy sweaters to stay warm!
A little late in respnding but happy new year and much good wishes to u 2.
It's a world, we just live in it.
can't meet u in the roc first
We'll have a special discount for all chat participants at the end of the chat! WOO!!
"TRADE ME RIGHT FUCKING NOW!"
The Brew Dr. Kombucha wagon is set up at the 4 Peaks Music Festival in Bend, going on tonight and tomorrow. Hope to see some of you there!
RT : Do we need a definition for "young people?"
Happy Mother's Day!!
The only reason she has that many followers is because her boobs are out -__-
you got lucky this weekend. Don't get use to it loser. goodnight :)
are ready - can't wait :)
I was just practicing my vocal ranges!
I'll text you
And why the fuck would I care if Nikki Minaj gets back on twitter
Still dishing out W's and ass kickings!! let's get that trophy!!!
So your bday is Feb 15th, eh? Well, I'm a Valentine's baby. This is explains SO much. Hahaha!
where u at y u didnt cum beat my door dwn
the way $fb stock price is bouncing- along with the media coverage shows how silly mr.market can be. as buffet says, its not a teacher!!
Shout out to Hank and the Blueshirts #BLUESHIRTPRIDE Historic Win last night against the caps!
Is this still on for today? Yum!!!
At school, freakin' hungry -.-
right!?! And lets be honest, I never really did HW in college so this is actually a whole new ball game for me
Looking at some recent pictures, I realized this is the lightest skin color I've had since I was a baby!
Can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep!
Your more than welcome. Its a fantastic cause.
More to come, Packers at Falcons, go Packers.
That awkward moment when a gps tells a gay guy to go straight ! Haha.
Breaking News! Increadible psychedelta slide blues guitar player Kerry Kearney may be doing guest preformance upcoming Woodfish album!
Shop Walmart? www.gasandfoodvideo.com then www.mpbtoday.com/corky for sign up. I will give you 125 leads a week upon sign up, Let's GO !!
At the corner of Shepard and Homer! Johnson Bros Liquor Co is hungry!
Yea. I liked that video too! But "Starships" is fierce!!!!
you said it girlfrand
m. they are!
Oh hell no! That announcer just said Aint's! Them's fighting words...
hurry up and end day
CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic today. Met great people who happen to be homeless. Lovely day. Best Wishes to All!
Enjoy life now. It has an expiry date
Perfect night for a fire with
Thanks for the follow Eysii "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Awesome!! RT : the decision about keystone directly mentions climate--it is not just rerouting. this is a very big deal
That "fight song" sounds like a dirge.
Pub Lunch says it's a slow news day, "but not so quiet that we're going to be baited into saying anything about Waterstones and apostrophes"
I had the opportunity to see you on TLC tonight. Favorite part ---> "The cash register is the devil!!!" lol
Yeah Buddy!!!#JERZathon:))gotta love italian ppl</3
Eating a baby
Seriously, right? Television will never be as good as it was in that moment.
There's still immense value in being the thinkers/strategists. I realized recently we're very skilled in connecting people/ideas
YES :D hahaha
Grizzlies. Fuck yes.
Does eating help us avoid hard conversations? Does digestion help us “digest” the truth?
It was refreshing to hear a biologist on the Science Show podcast talking about "sneaky f***ers" instead of using a scientific euphemism.
Turner field for day 3 of my amazing baseball weekend. A #Brewers win would put the icing on the cake!
Floyd Mayweather is making 42 million just for the fight.
Ha! Well welcome to San Diego!!
Sure thing!! Hope you consider following back, and enjoy the rest of your week :-)
I hate when I make simple mistakes in code. I hate it more when it takes me over an hour to figure it out.
blah monday
WordCamp Ed 2008 will be co-sponsored by and ! With their support, we're moving forward and will begin sign-ups this week
RT RaineFallOutBoy: I have eyes, dinosaurs have eyes. there for. I'm a DINOSAUR
You to Yusuf! RT : Thanks for the follow have a great weekend
Yes! Next week? How does Tuesday look to you? I am free 2pm CST onwards.
“: A #Libra doesn't need anybody who doesn't need them.”
Just finished watching #Hugo-- what a glorious film! I loved every second. Was in raptures (and tears) by the end of it.
it is wise to direct your anger towards problems, not people; to focus your energies on answers, not excuses.- William Arthur Ward
so depressing :(
If you are residing--because of illegal crossing or an expired visa--in the US as an illegal immigrant, you must obtain legalization
#Boycott They support Limbaugh's show There are lots of choices out there so choose another brand!
How much did NBC pay the White House party crashers? Even if they are under contract for Bravo, NBC Universal still payed.
“: People love your song :-)” Wow! Praise God I'm so glad 2 hear that, thx for the spin!
Lolling at the pretty little liars ode to psycho
Oh hell yeah I just got my account back!
Amen sister!
Keep Doing Your Thing Player! Muah!
not urs it's about 4 and a half
: I was one of the first signers of the letter.
of course, a font of nickname inspiration! Thanks for keep the names alive
It's a perfect day to explore Baltimore!
Nice! RT "If what you did yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today."
thanks, this is funny!
10 hours later....still an awesome mess...cinco de mayo
Tuna cruise at a depth of 20m or more. So when trolling set your lures right below 20m
sure, why not. :D
its like a social experiment every time.
RT : Looks like there will be one--count 'em--one live show this year. HIt us up here for details b4 its announced!
Walked past an auto garage in old town Alexandria with one light on in a back room blaring classical music
how is it the yankees have gone on a 6 game winning streak at the same moment the sox go on a 5 game losing streak? Unbelievable!
la la la music is magic like wispers in your ear
I gave the same problem RT "I love being busy"
yea I hope he follows both of us! Soon
Federally protected snails in Limestone County creeks may complicate debris removal
I'm sure is just as excited as I am watching this hockey game in the 2OT...
Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.-- Zig Ziglar
listening to talk about how github works - seems like a great place to work!
I had a dream last night that I got "Our love is the river." tattooed on my arm. Then I woke up. I was sad it was a dream.
Should I change my twitter name thing? 😓
Voted. Two words: Spotted Cow.
Garlic is considered a topping on WHITE PIZZA and it's extra $1.50? Had to walk out on general principal.
Never thought I'd say this, but I'm kind of grateful for the lack of wristbands at the reception. Made the 6:30 wake-up possible.
Ready for Memorial Day? Find great savings on fun things at www.communityoffers.com!
My two yr old nephew told me I like dick lmao
Yep, and he's always one of the last guys off the court after practice too. Working hard on his shot.
GM Tweetpls! Its a beautiful day, #thankgod for waking me up dis morning!
Done with girls. Need a woman in my life.
It's much easier to understand what you meant when you tweeted it
I now play video games with a QC tag on. I'm a spy.
yesterday I went to a holiday party, and today i am getting a haircut. today I also got a ticket and wrote emails. 12/14/10 - 12/15/10
Bitch you better follow a real nigga
With time running out, we are looking for a screen print sponsor (100-2 color print, or as little as 50-2 color print). We will cross promo
look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings ! Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
hey josh give kim a follow if ya want
Haha! Well that's an option too!
yo my brother i got a feeling go do a lot hot calabos i miss him and doing tracks together tho
sometimes i hate smoking xD
RT love that place! my friends took me last night for my birthday celebration! Mirko Pasta Toco thanks U!
at the moment nothing :P & you?
Thank You!! Hope all is well in Jacksonville. Tony
I guess we'll be checking out the 2012 #MillerPark concessions today with this rainy weather, no tailgating.
what happened to your sista? Aw we'll have sleep overs more often nwhatnot. I'm fine :) thanks tho boo <3
my eye has been twitching for 2 days....enough
Highly recommend "Senna"- Storytelling at its finest.
weather permitting, I should be working outside for the next week! :) Starting my mural project today! :)
This thing and you shall never part, For the gift I give you, is all of my heart
Me2 ": When folks complain about their jobs but won't leave or do anything to change things that gets ME mad."
as well as to read one!
Anyone take any of the Barry's Bootcamp classes in NY? I'm thinking about taking a class on Sunday
agreed!.. awesome new work!
Goodnight Twitter, Physics and math homework needs me
Not just a Walgreens, a MAGICAL Walgreens.
Agreed! We love connecting with all of the organizations making an impact in our region!
If you're free today, we have a few spots left, so come on over to even if you didn't register.
why I avoided 1989 show the other night...
I can help you out, DM and I can show you several aternatives.
chillin at taco bell with my peeps
I love wearing belly shirts though...
RT : We need extras NOW! Interested? Hit us up:
Gotta make sure she straight in case I'm not here anymore
Well, if they're going to exist, I suppose it would be in Brooklyn.
please follow ? <3
Go Bobby go. It's his time to shine.
I want to date an Asian Chick! ;)
i dont feel like tweeting, hee.
I got a new phone and I need ur number can u dm it to me
is adorable. <3 (:
I don't really feel like talking to anyone today, that crap put me in a bad mood.
Come on #Sixers! One more quarter!!!
He did not. He kicked my ankle. So there. :P
Took my bike out for the first time this year. If you can, I highly suggest not being inside today.
Fixin sum old fashion
Srry i didnt tweet alot 2day but a lot of shit went on good and bad pluse some prayers so yeah
we'd be happy to try it out with you anytime!
did you get an email from Gotham casting They asked me if I wanna be in an MTV event.I think they casted us for fuse!
Tonight 10:30pm I'll be on #letitrip with Councilwoman discussing #consentagreement and next steps.
One of whom??!?
RT : who was the best basketball player to never play in the NBA... Easy Sherman White the man had it all (Raymond Lewis)
Would be my new task manager, but need a mobile version first.
The funny thing is that I don't think the guy Aaron isn't talented. He can sing. It's just such a terrible waste.
I'm gonna miss out on so much. 😞
Looks great!!! I wish I worked in creative space like this!
Not sure where things are going but pointing towards our LS Integrator -- the Lower School is making a decision by May
I was not aware of your musical skills... I just liked your fb page :)
did u guys get to meet last night!?
It's impossible to be mature without having lived
I might then. You going?
What time is graduation this year ?
get a skype so i can vid chat u on my phone
#ConfessionNight it infuriates me when people have nothing to confess about but bf/gf related sh!t
What concerts are you cats looking forward to this weekend?
SOTU alludes to infrastructure spending for public-private partnerships. I am not sure P3s are THE answer, but they could be an answer.
I just noticed that lol
"Inspire Peace" do that & see how you feel...
I hope this week goes by fast
at ma sista vball tournament ready to go someone dm me they number im bored
I swear Orange Leaf is the only thing that sounds good when I'm sad.
#15 on my Life List: live on a boat for a year. What's one of yours? Don't have a full Life List yet? Come create one over brunch & mimosas!
- Neon Valley St.
I absolutely love MettaWorldPeace's name. Idk y i just do.
Dreaming a UHSExpo cruise some day.
Right on!
Q3) Prototype to stay nimble - it adapts to a complex environment, which improves your ability to respond to the complexity
refreshing to see a movie like that man, one of the best movies I've seen definitely a different twist keep up the good work
why you tryin to accuse me of everything you guilty of?
Eek. Technical difficulties. Keep up the good work !
Wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday season from The Team at www.erikbrownhomes.com!
Like diversity? Support local independent artists!
Not yet! I own it so hope to get to it someday! I do love witch books. Recently read #BeautifulCreatures which was very good!
the dog who save christmas :)
mission complete.
HE \y hey hey pls tell me wut u think of my backgroung and my profile pic !!! thx!:)
Can I see you soon? ☺
Lol kobe look devastated
running late. Sorry. Be there ASAP
Enough with the sub-tweets. Time for some dom-tweets.
The Masters is like the Super Bowl without the noise, the expensive commercials and some old rock star performing halfway through
Our open house is today. Please come by between 1 & 6 to see all of our green roof, living walls and rainwater harvesting displays. Fun!
#InMiddleSchool center vs albion games <3
WIN A TRIP TO HAWAII. win cash + an ipod loaded with the complete Frankie's jukebox. big winners last night. grand prize drawing december 3
Truth. Weird to be watching a Coachella headliner without destroyed feet.
what is OmniFocus? Haven't heard of it before.
Rushing to The Avengers before it's SOLD OUT!!
This just in Michael Vick applies to buy a petsmart franchise
Dear u have a lovely hotel & staff. But having to go down to barely-there lobby for free wifi? (Yay for having twitter tho)
Got distracted from my work-out w/ wknd cleaning..gonna get on it as soon as I'm done:)
Even the best memories fade.
"I wrote a poem about him, he said I had to let him read it. The next day he never asked to read it. He may never know how I feel."
I know how to tweet! no thanks to
You're an amazing songwriter!! I knew you had it in you... you just had to dig deep into your heart:)
I hope so cuz I really needs it to be... nawmean.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Too bad Stanley Tucci's not on Twitter. He would be good here, I think.
you were great in spartacus! we were still hoping that you were somehow still alive at the end!
They said you'll always be alone & miserable
I'm donating money today to www.DoctorsWithout Borders.org If you can plzz do the same.
if you have ten plays better than that, I'd like to see it!
Yea ima like da curls tho real talk I'm picturing it already
#thingsIlove2Hear "you can have whatever you want"
You are the definition of Legend! All My Love and Respect!
Yesterday I was on the set of Castle...and wondered...did I miss OPENING DAY? Apparently not! Go #SFGiants! Go TIMMAY!!!! Wheee!
Ready for a new tatt, need ideas
I just attempted to tan.
The music has to be Quality over Quantity. PERIOD. Why put songs out that you know are just ok?
Don't read this near any sharp objects: In the last 22.5 innings, the Tigers have outscored the White Sox 40-6.” poor sox :( . Go Tigs
Finally added "D'oh!" to the spell check dictionary in my email program. (I'm all about efficiency!)
I'm not on a computer but I can see if it will work on my phone cuz I got front cam
Now we're about to get a snow storm in almost May. Gotta love Ohio
And consent goes nuts
We will be at a #CareerFair at Seattle Central Community College today! Stop by 10am-1pm to learn about the jobs available now at Goodwill.
Nice acceptance note via e-mail today. A mini salve for the crappy weather we've had for the past three weeks.
Ross: establishment factions (universities and unions) will be drawn into the occupy movement.
The moment when your friend is like who do you like?... Umm u know them so I'd rather not say!
follow Squala so i can send u a important message bro
“: #PTFC should've changed the song to "I can't help laughing about LeToux"” haha nice
just breathe...
this makes me want a cargo jacket! suggestions?
Prof prego photos done w/the wife. 1 month till baby! :)
your lamer!!!
Every NFL team made great picks, got their guy, and got great value in the draft. Just ask them.
Community brought it together, but we kind of took over & did the demo ourselves. Summary: This JBL is good. This Cmty is better.
Great show tonight at Bear's Place! Shawn Pelton kicks ass.
My dog just fell over her own feet xD
Only if you are from New Mexico, will you understand this question..Red, Green or Xmas?
OMG I’m SO insecure! Really, I’m on a roof with nothing keeping me here. Oh Wait, maybe I’m UNsecure.. Nevermind! haha
must have missed your tweets from over the weekend. Let's grab #drinks soon...
I don't hate but I dislike that be a mom first,rather than going clubbing with the girls etc&living your kid w/ the babysitter/familysitter.
I just don't see how they think banning BC is right. It is being used as a forethought not like plan B or abortion.
Get on the patio and enjoy a Napa inspired meal#Roc #<3Label7regulars<3
I dislike Roberto though he's still an ass like when I first met him back in 2004
Yet another quake. Really bizarre. Just saying.
Junior year is the storm before the calm (sr year). All this damn work is crazy. All I know is next year, I won't give a fuck!
Very sad about Junior Seau
Today I don't feel like doin anything...I just wanna lay in my bed.
you wish
what's the point of coming to school any day....
home with my children and loving it
girl busy finishing this semester u and looking for a big girl job. And getting things figures with the gf
(Also) Today in Literary History: Thornton Wilder's "Our Town" premiered at McCarter Theater in Princeton, NJ in 1938.
If two people are happy together, leave them alone.
Im waiting for them to come out with a new album already lol
Lol RT : Humans are the only creatures on earth that will cut down trees, make paper, then write “SAVE TREES” on them
A #homebrew oatmeal stout and drying out some hand made lemon pepper pappardelle that I'm making for No big deal.
Going to sleep early. Tomorrow up and at 'em to do more cleaning.
Earplugs in, eyemask on. Happy #2012!
If only you could love enough
Homeward bound
"RT I hate to say it, but gardys gotta go " Let's get the guy a competent rotation first, no?
I don't need a new year's resolution to know when I need to make a change
RT : hi /Hello Ben! Nice day today. And what did I do? Mow the lawn! It really needed it, though~
You bet. Glad to! You're pretty awesome.
Turiaf with that high energy doing his thing! Haha know my guys tired looking at bench tugging his jersey hahaha
Yam Festival--Lynn Sawicki makes sweet potato gnocchi in brown butter sage sauce at noon. Still don't know a yam from a sweet potato?
yep yep.feel dat
Just a reminder.. watch my videos if you like money!
Thanks for the inclusion. Happy Friday!
Like Queen & Freddie Mercury check out + his take of Somebody to Love on Youtube. Wow ! I a big fan !!!
Well, didn't win the Mega Million, guess will still be working Monday
Well Chris a 5-4 Road trip was pretty good I will take it. Now lets take care of the home stand.
Hey justin i saw you at pounders yesturday !!!!
Kidnapping of youth leaders continues in Kinshasa. Today 2 more activists were taken away by security forces #drc2011 via
thanks for the byliner rec. really great site.
Great news! I really love playing fairy godmother, especially with makeup! All for a great cause. Support our youth! #mua # makeup
Thank YOU! MT Greetings I just received your latest book, must thank you for ur striking capture! I adore ur work!
#Dewey partner comp guarantees were given without executive committee approval, according to sources in my story today.
You're confusing the team dropping points with you dropping a load. I fully expect you to drop a load versus Espanyol.
I mean I've played like 80% of the $500-$2500 events at Hard Rock the past two years so I'm not sure I get your point
Wat up how you doing? I hope your following me?
finally!!!! It's been way too long..... Wepcolm back to the world of YouTube!!!
Friend suggested I need for my small business-an advisory board of directors- love this, esp b/c as an artist, hard to decide the next move.
Partied like it was Mardi Gras @ Museum o Natural History yestrdy! Young boy on trmpt Alphonso Horne got heart & classical chops.
Good bye Walter - you taught me to watch the news
I am learning priceless soccer knowledge from
We may have just witnessed the first ever Jan Vesley heat check.
Yea. I'm sorry.
I oversee 27 churches and most do not have this. I will definitely share this with them.
": what you think ?" I like it
my shoulder still hurts. Gonna take more than sorry for that one
After a terrible divorce wait atleast a year before getting rid of anything of value, especially jewelry, especially if you love it.
Well, I guess I better get started on.my homework :P
If vodka spills in your freezer does it stay in puddles?
Uhm. Excuse me. Why don't we deserve respect? We're people too. And, another thing, i'm 17, not 9.
Thanks for the retweet !! Keep voting and sharing and we can provide a lifetime of safe, happy summers to kids!
Nicole wont return next season if there is one lol if producers dont simon will lol
I hate asking people for rides.
i wont gonna follow her, cus' she dont follow me back.. lol and im not her no. 1
That moment you realize you have the entire weekend off this week followed by that moment you realize you work the entire weekend next week.
You can't finish something you have not started.
Im abnormal, normal is to boarding sorry!(:
“Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent.” — Marlon Brando
Timbers Truck here at 4pm with games and activities. Don't miss the action!
shes the definition of a rude bitch
I need a car to fulfill my midnight cravings.
My mom is hip, dontchya know?
who goes to NJ for a tux when we've tuxedo warehouse? And where are you getting these damn adorable creatures I'm jealous of?
“: Interact w/ your neighborhood & create a real community” Happy 2 b part of #EducationUSA 'hood in KL w/ advisers & HEIs
Waiting for to put in some 3rd shift hours tonight.
IT'S PERFECT !!!! HAVE A MEET AND GREET IN MIAMI SOON PLEASE
"OMG. I LOVE YOUR ICON." = free rt.
Why does everything always, no matter what, have to suck?
When you correct people's grammar on Twitter, they don't like it very much. Lol
thanks for the follow. would you please shed more light on who you are and what you are doing?
bored, bored, bored, bored, bored. #NeedSomeExcitementPlease?
Complete. Disbelief. Utter. Collapse.
YES ...dreams can come true!
thanks for the follow!!! will be jealous, you should follow her too :)
Thanks to all who attended tonight's forum on generational diversity in the workplace!
Got class tomorrow in da Am
We really enjoyed your visit, Lois! RT Leave it to El Arroyo in Austin: "We're catering the royal wedding" is their sign this week.
fantastic to read!
go to bed tomorrow is another day LOL
How many diff #jokes do you #think up in your #head before ones funny enough for #twitter? I'm guessing 6-8
I was born ready boo! Let's make it happen. Whoop Whoop!
Musical Aesthetic Experience.
JOSH just learned the move VOLUMES!
We think so too: RT : No need for a high tech gym,
Is very funny when people use big phrases such as "1st time in history" when it only means as much as they remember.
welcome to my world, thunderdan is a
“: Any loser can blow $2 on lottery tickets, but to lose $2 billion you have to be CEO of Chase.”
thanks....i do yoga at my house....i used to teach actually haha
working on ledgers! Not fun!
#RunChat Q3) Not accomplishing a goal just provides more motivation 4 the future. Everyone fails, true test is how u react to the failure.
not sure how cutting 10% of workforce helps stop unemployment. Interested to hear more.
so is one who follows a paleo diet doing so if majority of meat they're eating is at like standard restaurants/ grocery stores?
my desk soup drawer is always open to you
You're welcome!
Just saw the new #Apple ad with #SamuelLJackson and remembered 's story about him and some sunglasses.
STAY STRONG RIZZ
Why, if you're trying to pacify the population do you randomly kill a community's kids? Am I too old to understand The Hunger Games?
Mixed signals <<<<
Oh how I wish I could unsee that. Maybe I could borrow some of 's bleach?
Thanks Andrew!
Also be on the look out for #HTSSS12 tickets to arrive at your favorite participating local retailers soon! Boutique Bundles = Raffle+Coupon
wish I could have made 's talk on Towson today. Did anyone record it by chance?
I'm looking forward to it! See you in a few hours.
thanks the place is hot for sure. Doing big things
Bigger and bigger fan of but it desperately needs a ranking/rating system for collections and smart playlists off those loved items
Feeling a little sick today :( This is why I don't take naps and I didn't even mean to fall asleep.
Thank you for the RT's!
I remember selling him two bars and making Bob Probert sign about a entire sheet of lined paper with sign autographs.
thank you... You can earn$ 250 referral fees by referring buyers to us.
sounds good
Thank you so much for the shout out!
Looking forward to your event next week!
We didn't get the interview btw :( it was too crazy!
Covert: The reason we are the prestigious University we are today is because of #diversity - we began admitting #women and
Additional Real Talk: Indianapolis' Male Bondage is mind-blowingly awesome. When did Drive Like Jehu start busting out Meat Puppets licks?
that's what you get for trying it gay lol
would love to hear more about your business. I'm interested in opening something here in the Twin Cities
lol he wasn't counting on their votes anyway
Good morning, Twietnam. Today's writing tip: Take the phrase 'day dream' literally and then, wake up and write!
We aren't trying to change Baltimore's image. We are trying to change Baltimore.
he poked holes in the back and have the baby lettuce hahaha
Austin is moving near where I live.
“A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.” - Max Lucado
#Touch rocks!!
Listen guys...we are all losers . its okay to admit it . thats why we are all friends (:
What a bad day my heat loss and my Yankees lost
you mean Tijuana also haha they had them all over the place, best place ever!
Nimbus Sans condensed maybe?
What's the best tablet app for editing Google Docs? I've heard a bunch mentioned. Only want to pay for one.
jacob better go home tonight instead of stefano or i will be highly upset.
We diDD! RT : Sounds like you had a blast!
lol, I would own you at that game ;D
The fact that we have to find a place and move this summer is stressing me out.
Hi Catherine, Thanks for the follow
Cooling at with while gets tatted...:)
man, just go to sleep
Everythings gonna get better, even if it never gets better y'all. thanks great show in #Nashville last night.
After a long day at Austin Reggie Fest... nothing beats having dinner DELIVERED to you! Call EAT OUT IN tonight! 512-346-9990
Let's Go : clap, clap, clap clap clap. Win it in DC baby...I've got things to do on Saturday afternoon.
chill stalker
wish I could have met her and compared ironing styles. Sounds like a great lady. Extra prayer for grandma Helen today & your fam.
Yes! RT : Sweet, #Wilfred returns end of June!
Everythings on Mike tax time means forgotten days and sleepless nights.
Ok amiga beijos i love you too
you watch it with some cheese?
Pai got a surprise party for the 50th and I know Mae wants one too
well, I live in Philly, so at least there's that. But the gate agents here cheerily insist anyone connecting will be fine
Okay medlibs, what's your best way for keeping a #mlanet12 schedule - itinerary planner, google calendar, paper, other?
Happy birthdaayyyy ! Miss ya!
Sorry about your Flyers! I really wanted them to win!
Last night I heard my own heat beating it sounded it sounded like footsteps on my stairs <3
You do have that second desk, right behind you...
Best Animated FEature Film goes to Rango... blah
yup they all old as hell.
well it isn't pretty ... but it was way more then I thought I could do! :)
Who is your favorite librarian?
Yes, I am. I am planning on using Twitter. Very soon. Glad to see you on Twitter.
I Dm you but do you still have yo models?
The headaches you get from crying to much :(
Your manicures last 2 whole weeks? That's pretty awesome if you ask me.
Root beer floats! Root beer floats! I love root beer floats! (to the tune of Rihanna's "We Found Love")
You must have some magic summoning device. Like you're some sort of summoner.
#genx session - should be fun to listen to my elders
San Diego, California Weather :: 64F A FEW CLOUDS: 64F A FEW CLOUDS
In the Midwest its the Packers Bears. Hands down!
dropping wisdom like nooses
she has one still. don't know what may have happened though..
Today is your last day to make changes to your pages before we print! If you haven't factchecked your page(s), please call 617-778-5265 ext0
I hear you Dunham. I have been skating for 40 years and I am still searching. I think that's a big part of the sport.
and don't forget everything is better with a flight!
#Shoutout to all my followers especially the ones who tweet me.
Get some sleep beautiful.
commendable. How do you feel about Google? Hoping you bring your entertaining status updates to Twitter.:)
Reinhard & Ryan ... a great hack team!
yes sir
no, but they look god!!
These ppl ain't real. They're just a figment of your imagination
I'm sorry to hear that. Tomorrow is a new day
Ironic that Hawk says walks have "killed" the #WhiteSox this year, yet he's the same guy who says working the count deep is overrated.
Teens: You don't need to get high or drunk to have fun! Stop playing "games" cuz they're killing your friends.
My DMs are being strange. Not sure if you got my message. I'd love to deliver Yowls tomorrow evening, if that works for you.
no old spice?
"Not enough, Enough and Too Much... The triple edged sword; Unknown to God, Crafted by Man and Sharpened by Women. ~ Unknown
Party time? Cover the 5 senses: Does it look good, smell good, sound good, taste good, & feel good? If yes to all 5, you’re doing it right!
Dream as if you'll live forever,live as if you'll die today...
shoutout -----> . can you follow the,? yes you can. so stop wasting your time reasing this and go follow them. please :D
can you get any cuter, make my day and follow me? <3
u rock mommytard
Congrats! You have a new subject to tweet about for the next 9 months. I bet your labor tweets will be fantastic!
Happy Friday everyone-its a beautiful day here in South Florida!
uhm. okay... go away.
"HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO BRING THE BOYS TO MY YARD IF I DO NOT HAVE MY MILKSHAKE." Mhmm, feels my pain!
Right back atcha good sir! RT: : y'all, if you like real music, please follow and thank me later.
Love Pema Chodron from previous Tweet! It's a quote from her and speaks so much truth
ima be 18 in two days , ah >.<
For sure. Thanks for hosting tonight.
my bad, thought i read somewhere it was unsigned and not indie. either way- amazing record. looking forward to more
Been checking out MICA senior exhibitions for a few hours. Worth visiting before Monday!
Yeah, my basic policy is if I have time, I flick A, Bb, B, and C. Even step-wise sometimes. D rarely, though.
#know12 Transform IT: does it need it? Those who say yes are the ones here. IT different from other depts: backbone of company
And back to sleep I go...
Life is your only chance to breed a soul- InSpotter mobile app
Someone really needs to invent a way to multitable live poker.
Happy valentines day to all my sweets!! <3 =)
Join us tonight for Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band w/ Proverbial and Downbeat Switch- Doors @ 8:00 Tickets available at the door.
Train was so crowded I had the Romney Dog Seat
I heart oatmeal cookies.
hey miranda you can answer my questions thanks ;)
Signing off twitter for a while. Too many Pens need to change stuff / coaches need to figure it out. THEY WON 11 IN A ROW, CANT WIN THEM ALL
not so sure if wood is a.good smell. Just saying.
Woot! “: Hanging with and ! Excellent voices in the education discussion today!”
Saw Mr. Annelli cruising Wegman's this afternoon. All you Honors alum know what I'm talking about. Looks the same. Didnt offer me cookies.
needs to stop being so hard on herself about her daughter! It is in her daughters best interest 2 get a taste of the real world!
he wants you to be his baby mama
Who wants to help me fashion a Kleig searchlight into a distress Banksy-Signal in this dark time of spot paintings?
I'm cool it didn't come this way just a lot of rain
Crowd-sourcing question: What's your favorite ap for making your iphone behave like a real camera (with zooming, etc.?)
thank you!
Happiness is early morning Chicago liquid sunshine...Before you can truly enjoy the sunshine first you must experience the rain!
Hey #cstheday: Would love to see a quest next year for "share a story with the DALN, bonus points if the story is about Cs the day"
And I'm looking forward to seeing what the three of us can do working in the same room. ... Again.
are you pregnant...
evil tempter!!
USC students where are you?
birthday? Is that why Dolan was in town?
I'm so much more than all of my fears.
Thanks for the follow. I have so much to learn on your subject.
