great moves on #GMA today.
My biggest cabbie related pet peeve is when they tell me they don't go out to eat because their wife is the best cook.
the show was a success (: ...thank you for everyone who came out to support !
Got it. I did like them on FB (I think because of some tweet you sent out about reaching 4,000 fans), so hopefully that counts. :)
please, remind me why i care again?
Studies show that only the first few bites of food taste best. After that, taste quality diminishes. Can you be more mindful when you eat?
fox maslow sounds better than halston maslow i mean what?
you bet! thanks for listing us too!
Will i ever get a tweet from you? :(
sending you email to follow up on our phone discussion--let me know what you think.
manny afraid of needles but he got tats right? Hm
Don't assume that this lack of news re Aldridge means anything. In fact, almost certainly means nothing.
Heard at #hackingedu: "a crisis is a terrible thing to waste"
Big day planned. Wandering around Paris, hoping to see as much as I can :)
So hard I get you out of my system
As a bronze/silver player, I can confirm this
Nikki Look no further all you have to do is go here:) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast FUCKING TRUST ME BRO I know you will dig us!
Secure enough in my role to connect to, express and pursue my hearts desire while defending the greater good of those who rely on me.
Twin! How are you?
Only if he would let me see ;))
Mets and Yanks fans can agree on this. Nice to hit one deep off Papelbon.
RT : Gary from : "We didn't build anything new - we built bridges btwn things that already exist."
Moving all of the interesting articles that I wanted to read from Google Reader to #Evernote seemed like a good idea at the time.
On my level tho
anytime boo! Thanks for being there when I needed somebody to talk to. Luv ya♥
I'm cuatttt
not sure, I know he has hit Feliz so that is why he is playing but he can't buy a break right now. He's hitting .071
SHOUT OUTS TA YU TO BOO!!!! #KUCCIENT GET UP ON US KC TO DA BAY!!
Thank god it's a pretty day ☺☀🌾
LMAO, i thought this was you --> RT : Just saw an alligator. wholey fuck
Crash somones wedding and say "don't marry him " I still love u
I think its cute he's in love an can't admit it. Shy is cute an all but a man who can Man up is Sexier!!
happy mothers day to the women who without them, you boyz wouldn't have inspired me,
Totally. Cybering was a sexual revolution 4 kids coming of age. And 4 old men. Blurry boundaries, but radical.
Eric Mangini is out? OK by me ...
Tyler , The Creator is one crazzyy dude.
More book recs: Nathan Englander's What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank, Cheryl Strayed's Wild, N. Teratologen's Assisted Living
Shout out to all my new followers,& Thank u to for following me u made my day much better😊😊 I Love U😃❤💗!!!
now following .
U like him u call him luvie u ask him too much questions u like Christain
I'ld rather b a booty call than the rebound guy...it neva ends good for him
Dale's Teams for Amazing Race: Gary and Mallorie, and Jill and Thomas. Gavin and Grant have: Connor and Jonathan. Good luck!!
Migraine medicine given at the door? Home from the House of Chuck! Happy and tired kid!
The Who? I think with the talent available some other band with excitement would have been better.
Any questions/comments from the virtual audience? Tweet at #kodm or email to
Omg the Cottonwood, is at this very moment, trying to kill me.
If he is making you sad, why are you trying to make him happy???
Tractor Trailer removed from Thomas Circle!
This is awesome! Thank you both!! I have a TON of new photos to work on too - keep following for sneak peeks
Buster Keaton? He's not even Michael Keaton.
Our last dinner in SF...Tear!
Seriously, you have 50 likes because you're half naked, not because you're actually pretty.
Heading to Roxborough for a hike
LOL!!!!! Did you hear it? LOL
Been working on this Birp project for more than 5 hours now. 😳🔫
Make the Impossible, Possible! Today is the day for my someday!
Social and mobile like air: need to map your customer's journey
UChicago haiku: Late nights in the Reg; / brunching at Salonica's / after the Maroon. (George Anesi, SB'06)
Peyton Manning first ever head coach-player combination.
I'm trying to finish writing my portion of a book that will be published this Spring. But my son keeps jumping on my back.
Thank you for the RT & Mention ~ It is amazing how much becomes possible when you delay your usual response!
Nice! Advanced copy??? Lets talk! “: new album is almost done!”
I need wine. A nice glass of quality red wine! What are your favorite wines?
WAY TO GO!!!!!! President Obama....
's new album "Artifical Heart" set to release September 2. Counting the days to what will be a day-one purchase.
capri sun and vodka with - works for me.
Homework, Shopping, then Michael's Party♥
those people can take a bridge!!
Remember last week when he gave me The Nod?? Hehehehe yeah:) :)
And I thank my other followers, mainly familia, who have to see my obsession, and my friends/family just have to deal. L0L!
#NMS30 Neat international current event info-bites for kid: www.socialstudiesforkids.com/subjects/currentevents.htm
maybe he figures it's about 50-50, heads he wins, tails who cares because no state fans give him money anyway
Watched AI and then Glee. Might be a good show. Hope it'll be On Demand, or I'll probably never see it again. Hungry for sushi & crablegs
is not being on VA's ballot going to hurt non-Romney/Paul candidates, or will they already be gone by then?
do you want to do an interview with radio network on how long you've been stuck and how it's going??
that's real talk buddy
@ the B Center
": didn't U comment on one of my tweets about people believing they own lies. Smh (o yea i did lol silly me
I'm so happy it's Friday!
I wish i could break Tigers driver
is gearing up for the last wedding of the season!!!!!
Picking up my wedding dress from tonight. Yay yay yay! How many times will I try on between now and Sept, I wonder...
Certain things should not be kept as pets
Fun fact about #Chicago: Chicago produced the first Cracker Jacks in 1893.
I love the word "Romnesia", too, but I didn't coin it so I can't take credit for it. I think it's genius tho.
cool. Then how about the summer holiday? Is it also three months?
Thanks, Kevin!
Still at the Brookhaven Starbucks. Beatles replaced by some 1920's ragtime crap & some yagoff is talking loudly on his celly. iPod time.
i don't left out any more
Amen! RT I've been in #LOVE w the USofA since I was a little, bitty kid. I'm #REDwhiteNblue to the core! God Bless the #USA!
I have big plans one day.
alright. who wants to partner up in a garage sale? bc i have a *lot* of clothes to sell, and no garage... or yard... or any space, really.
I fugging hate trains.
oh well then I guess you can jsut research your character. Things he would say about the economy. Thats pretty much it for now
Soon enough my friend. Just remember: 1 dog goes 1 way, the other dog goes the other way, and this guy's like whattayawantfrome
When was your last comprehensive #eye exam?
“: Fear, doubt & sadness are a part of life, but not you. You are peace. Let it radiate inside and out." Love this!
hey and u have been fallowd now :b
Interesting homeless story pitches
#reasonsThatImSingle I can't stand females that purposely misspell words.
that looks so cool! So maybe a QR can look fun.
sorry I'm hiding from people! ! !
is saying "Rejoice in the Lord ALWAYS, and again I say rejoice"!!
Josh Hamilton doing his best impression
Hooray! The MD legislature passed the Stormwater Bill - Clean Water, Healthy Families is 3 for 3 and the Bay will be healthier. (cl)
We hope you are enjoying this beautiful, warm San Diego weekend! Tell us if you are spending it outside, soaking up the sun!
naw! How bout you?
I hope you lay down in your sleep, and choke on every lie you told.
Many people are intoxicated with negativity and drunk on doubt. The liquor of lies is, "I can't!"
Headed down to Illinois to hang out with a Canadian a
oh my god dude even the picture...
Somehow this vegan dinner turned into an impromptu library love session. Everyone downloading library apps & talking about books.
Anyone else having problems w/ their Facebook? 2 days now it won't allow me to post or like anything. So much to say about
I'm involved with Downton Abbey the way I'm involved with... Food or air.
Asking mom everyday to go see my niece Stella (:
Seriously, after the phone call I had to (attempt to) straighten it out, I half expected Jonathan Pryce to show up.
RT : The fact Jacobs was seen yelling at the crowd after the toss ... NFL security involved. story will stick around.
is it in the app store?? I cant find it!!! What do i do!!
yea its tethered and i hate stock iphone and and untethered i dont c it soon
People really need to stfu & stop making shit up. Like gtfoo with that shit. Grow up kid.
Sometimes when I say "I'm okay", I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight, and say, "I know you're not."
Infidelity Gay Twist:Men would forgive their female partner’s infidelity with another woman.Women would not forgive if with another man.
we can't wait to see you tomorrow!
Which Denver restaurant do you prefer: English Tea Cup or Bakers Street Pub & Grill?
are you coming to worship practice?
working on new websites...loving WordPress!
Which is the superior party: TilYouPuke or hearty?
Your body screaming and your booty is an outburst
Learned it in my formative years as a Husky fan. Just got better taste in cheese! RT : Typical Coug with wine and cheese.
“: People that "feel smarter" when wearing glasses tend to become more studious and in turn, do better in school”
is taking her written test for her permit. The anticipation is killing me.
#marlins win!
To err is human, to arr is pirate.
Me n my brother bout to go clean my car
#thebigcheese J.Holton! RT : Here at the #cysummit- Can't wait to see and missing
love love love the tattoos
First person to purchase an ounce today get an 1/8 for free. Simply mention facebook.
I heard Wendy Robinson gave you my power cord for my lap top.
What kind of merch should we get next?
"The judge mental people should be the last to be judging"- What she said yo ? Wheres the Reyes translator!
i kno. lol i kno you a girl ma
We need 4 hugs/day for survival; 8 hugs/day for maintenance; 12 hugs/day for growth. - Virginia Satir
just hanging in there like skinney taught!
took my mom there to get a fedora for my step-dad. They have men's & women's hats. Very nice staff nice selection
#BETChristmas just seen mindless behavior they did great love u guy
You're right -- there's just something about Europe (UK in particular) that makes me feel like a loud animal at a fancy party:)
I grew up with my grandparents right next door! It was the best thing in the world; maybe best thing in my life.
Just saw a seagull and without even thinking said "hi homey" out loud. Thanks
The #Seattle sun is finally here! #wine lovers, enjoy it a little more with 15% off your bill at Vino Verite! This #deal is all week long!
#nowplaying Banana by G.NA. Lipstick chicken butter roll (⌒▽⌒)
#Amerks Hall of Famer and three time Calder Cup Winner Dick Gamble kicking off the show here tonight!
I think you're wrong sister. lol
I wanna see Jake Fox up in the bigs.
would you like to add a decade specification to that comment. 70's Pam Grier is diff from 2004 L word Pam Grier
Solid choices! RT : one hour with or !
Friday the 13th... let's get freaky
I agree, let us know if you stumble across the best word for this!!
#PeopleLikeUs TAKE STAND'S..
I don't wanna dream anymore.
when you get back!!
Thanks for helping us celebrate. Hope you met some great people, ate some great food and imbibed some great libations.
Photographing my 3rd proposal this semester. If anyone asks, I'm the official proposal photographer for
BHO sycophants must be so desperate they have to go all the way back to when Romney was 7 years old? Back to jobs & economy!
wait huh!? Why didn't they just keep the thunder?? I'm lost. Did they lose a bet??
Jamie: "We call that in the fancy business 'amused bouche'"
thats hard to do
me too! I haven't seen that movie in a while ! (:
log in, and under printing click "create project" and go from there.
#IThankGod for creating the most talented and inspiring person I fangirl over :)
During this holiday season, remember what He taught us about eating yellow snow. Happy Birthday, Frank Zappa. You are missed.
I always wanted to learn to play the sax so I could play skaa
Attn & : Strange but true - I am carrying out technical support. Only I can make computers get on the internet here.
Im fina go to sleep.
I just cant believe that's it
We are parents who invented 123GoTV by KidExerciser that encourages exercise by using a kid's own bike to watch TV. See us on NBC4.
U know it's a good day when you get to use the word 'abreast' in normal conversation.
"So go rest your bones, little girl, you've had a hard day out in the world" - Sirens of SIlence
what about Zayn? Can I have some pictures of Zayn?!?!?!
It is, isn't it? Force to be reckoned with...
three more exams!!
Just took four advil and a migraine pill. Pray for me.
i'm so annoyed today, how lovely.
"Revolutionaries got too enamored w/ political aspects of revolution, forgot about social and cultural aspects. "
cute. recommend they cultivate an arrogant sneer as well.
All the boys have sisters except Niall, all the boys are right handed except Niall, all the boys are British except Niall. Niall is special.
I don't think we've met in person. But pleased to make your acquaintance now. And congrats!
Please welcome LastNameRamsey to the Max life
Bishop you gave a great word during 1st Service. You are doing a great job. May God restore you the rest of the week.
I see you:)
NBA TRIVIA Q: What NBA team started out in 1948 as the Tri-Cities Blackhawks ?
Shiver away as the years past us by.. Make no mistake we don't know who you are
#nhli25 is proud to be celebrating Latina Leadership. We have graduated more than 800 Latinas in the last 25 years.
Let's go panthers!!!!!
Haha its being mixed and I'm doing the final vocals. Soon!!!
Yeah, im not gonna waste my time texting first when all you're gonna do is reply back in 5 hours.
Just got home had so much fun at the concert.. Loved seeing Jasmine, Justin, and Jaden.. you guys rocked!!!
Steelers drafted this dude from Ohio State. Dislike. Tests positive tons of times and has some sort of suspension?
you know it.
Now playing #putthatpussyonme at bella32 S/O
thanks boo:)
catching up on my fav shows I've missed this week.
Good luck! It's not a bad procedure. I kind of liked it since all I ate for a few days was ice cream & chocolate pudding.
That was not a foul, it was a clean block
I miss you too!
we miss you come out soon!!! :)
wants to do something
hey boo boo I'm lovely & urself
Thanks! Check out Savory's salts , we love emRT: Ready for some sushi, check out Sushi Sasa... The Diablo roll is amazing!
RT : I would love a virus that makes Instagram crash if someone tries to take a picture of pets.
don't laugh at me. lol
Well, it kind of adds up: Metta Worldpeace joked, while he's on the job, there's "no peace". Nobamkley Go !
he's got mad skills
Seriously addicted to TED Talks right now.
you should be down even if you do have work lol jk and yeah everybody just writes a bunch of random stuff which is cool
I have learned that some people are just grumpy/mean for no reason and are not that way because of me.
I want to see you try -_-
“ I don't fuck with none of my ex's”
WERE U BORN WITH THE WORD "RETARD" PRINTED ON UR FOREHEAD
“: You can live for weeks without eating, but will most likely die after 11 days without sleep.” ...Teachers are trying to kill us
WTF ARE ALL THESE SPAM ACCOUNTS FOLLOWING ME FOR
Hello! Lots of #TVTime today.
thanks so much for watching! we love you guys too.
“: The keyboard player told the drummer what key the song was in. #why” he said the key was b flat minor 17 lmbo!!!!
you tell me.
Great weekend with and
Is it just wishful thinking or is Gevony Soto about to come out in a hot streek
I'm trying to think of reasons not to root for Josh Hamilton. Any help from the peanut gallery? (note: I currently *do* root for the guy)
Fantastic night for !!!
Laying here w/ a smile on my face but yet feeling like shit ! I hate being sick.
I'm game to try it!
pinceton my love i will fall out if i see them
Thanks for the follow!
#kids Class Act: Class Act Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 12:00 AM Centennial Hills Library 6711 N. Buffalo Dr., Las Vegas, Nevada 89131 United...
I can sleep now, because I am in Brooklyn.
Happy New Year from GP Productions! #Boston theatre
people say wwe will give up on
My one year-old just ate a pint of organic blueberries.
oh love when you sing
NVCA Installs Ray Rothrock as New Board Chair, Welcomes Six New Directors and ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
When Kailynn hears other babies crying, she starts kicking and punching as if she's trying to get out of my belly to save them!
Good Morning! Yay its saturday finally the day I was waiting for!
Me, too. Fuck
It's sorta like saying that apples are the winner over oranges.
Let's settle down, #cubuffs. Too sloppy
my account keeps freezing
you are THEE BEST haha!!! Miss ya! Can't wait to celebrate with you! I might come to you this year!;)
An excellent question. Has the cost of college become too cost prohibitive? Should higher education be delayed for some?
On my way downtown!!!
hey Jewels u still awake, check I sent you a DM :-) xoxo BH
you either got it or you don't
WooHoo! RT GoTime\'s Happy Hours app is quite good (on iPhone and BB also)
Heading to the polls? Cumulus popping up in SE WI, look for sct'd showers/iso. thunder after 2pm until around sunset.
I just Wanna feel okay again!
#GoTribe Indians go hard #go tribe
Haha they just played AC/DC "thunder" song as the blazers pump-up song.
haha so wat.. I'm good how bout u??
Today is off to an icky start, but at least I voted. Here's hoping my candidates all win!
Ooh, Georgia Pro Light.
so lucky!
Its a beautiful day & I'm bored ugh =(
whats up guys?
i totallyy just found out what legit ment :)
I think you've got the wrong name...or I've been elected to be a leader in an organization I don't belong to!
panel discussing automation to address different legal issues-like patent search, or form replies
In NJ for our annual corporate meeting, what will be announced after the meeting?
I'm gonna be an actress now best fuckin dinner of all time.... Think u can top it?? Bitch shut up :)
that trade shoulda went down
I then called so many ppl so many names.....but I never called no one an asshole :o
What a strange road this is
Thnx for the
Sam Adams Infinium 2011 is chilling in the fridge, HyVee on Cass in Omaha had quite a few bottles if you want one.
Who doesn't like a good grammar joke??
Glad everything worked out! Enjoy the new gear. #hike on
Morning posts are awkward but morning texts are the best
#ClapYourHands if I need more followers !
Love cures people — both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
This day is gonna be long.
Ahh, forget about that. Thanks.
A donut sounds better than a worm, but I'm not allowed to have those on this low carb thing I'm on. Have a great day! :)
You have the perfect face for the radio.
If i had a choice it wuld b u
Lol RT There's more to life than genitals..there's also alcohol..drugs..music..and..like..alcohol and stuff.
I've replaced free hugs guy.
the slow red fox jumped past the lazy dog.
ALL HIGH SCHOOLS BE READY! THE OMEGA 2010-2011 PEP RALLY TOUR IS COMING THIS AUGUST! JUST BE READY!
Not here....jusg oing back to the old diet to drop a couple numbers...
Sellin heat tickets!! great seats too! Got 2tickets $150 each or best offer! Hmu
you know who originally started the teen pregnancy trend for our generation? jamie lynn spears! i loved me some zoey 101 though
I realize looking at your rewards that I owe you $23,750 for drawing me as Toby Bascoe.
Thanks for the message!
Hahaha, Are you coming to school tomorrow?
Songwriter Details now added to the website. Check it Here...www.rebelamericainc.com..More to be added
haha no not the singing, just who you would be singing ;D
Beer delivery!!!
has a reputation at being very good at this kind of thing.
Confronted by Baptist proselytizers on campus about "Biblical fact," I am tempted to respond that I only subscribe to "Shakespearean fact."
Going to a party on a Sunday. What? Lol
Sitting with Bobbie Kilberg, president of , at Consumer Electronics Association "Digital Patriots" Awards Dinner at Newseum.
pursuing dreams while others dream
Happy Birthday S/O to that man
My babes sad!:/
Do not hope to get a better life, live for a better life! opportunity do not come to those who wait but those who DO!!
Just sorted through a few hundred photos from the fairs in NYC. Looking forward to getting them on our flickr site and on the blog by Wed.
Love it girlie!!!
Fish fry Friday. Lightly breaded cod, Perch, Panko crusted Bluegill, broiled Walleye and 2 piece haddock
can u please follow me back ? :)
Great, thank you! :) is there weekly tasks, or something?
For everything, not specifically systems
Treeage - the process of determining which plants get water during a drought emergency.
Just told my 3 yr old that it makes me crazy when he doesn't listen to me.His reply:"It's ok, daddy.You have to get used to it."
That weird moment when u find yourseld listening to climax in srt
Really wondering how many embroiderers use a heat press, too? thanks.
Babysitting and watching Fern Gully. Yep, the one about environmental fairies. Haha.
To curl up under a blanket and cuddle. That's all I really wanna do.
True love is when you love someone unconditionally your whole life. I speak of experience.
Don't talk about my boo RT ": hahaha. Public access. Robyn birds old ass is still our derrr"
Draw something with me
hula class, so jealous!
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]♡13
We won the startup America regional pitch competition at #SXSW. Nice work
u back in nc?
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there! Enjoy Your Day!
...Some ppl say ur half way here Some ppl say ur half way gone"
there's no way a $35 tablet isn't made with sweatshop labor.
People are prostesting wildwood BBQ. But why? The corn is so good!
Tomorrow night, we've got the Chris Hanson Band (feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy) at 7:30. This is an all-ages, no cover show!
good listening to Taylor Swift's music
You wanna see some Cash? I wanna see some Ass .
Just got asked on the metro if I watch boxing. Really?
lol idk she realizes how pretty she is
Cant wait to get this root canal out of the way tomorrow so I can really start working out
Maybe Swisher needs to come out to Vegas!
I've always wondered how much shorter I'll be when I'm older.
The Cuts were EVERYTHING Today! Creativity is contagious.
About time to get REALLY loud!
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. -W. Clement Stone
Unfortunately, FL doesn't have a recall option for bad elected officials. Need to change that.
Who wants a follow back?
Your smile, it's just one of those smiles
lol - I didn't even catch that. read it as 'instrumental.' good catch.
Knicks?! Come on man
First Career Day at only 5. Yeah!!! Junior High School in Brooklyn May 27, 2011.
dm me! I'll be back this week!
Budget Committee is listening to public comment right now; young adults are asking for more city funds for youth jobs/programs.
The CEO of Siemens Energy is Dr. Michael Suess. Do you think he calls Dr. Seuss a "no-talent ass-clown?"
lmao. It's like you know who I'm talking about. Bahahaha.
omg me too! I'm working out to it, running around like a buffoon with my zipper down lol
The new menu will be launched the beginning of next month
I walk into a room to get somethin and then I completely forget why I was in there
“One can not reflect in streaming water. Only those who know internal peace can give it to others.” Lau Tzu
Girls night:D
Only "I" forget i have a shooter in my purse at work..SMH
Back at church again... But this time... I aint doin nothin! lol
Philly-Boston will be good for the NBA. It's like a hearkening back to the 1980s
RT : Baxter: even Gov. is distancing himself 4m the bill. And this is AL - ppl who r used 2 being vilified.
Knee surgery for Puyol which means he won't be playing in next month's European Championship. Unfortunate news for such a good defender.
Like, sorry im doing what I want. God forbid im trying to me happy.
Happy Birthday sister!!!! For some reason I thought you were on the 26th. Thats big mommas actually. #MyB. YAY!!!! You're old!!!!
Montage? RT : But this Mac n Cheese will dew
my "girlfriend" ..
hands down. Bar at balthazar
You live in an area with some crazy waiters and waitresses?
A5: ...but you build the exact same dimensions, right?
Guess who got an OJI at work today!!! Whoo-Hoo!!!!
nope.my tattoo says USMC
happy mother's day
Just because someone doesnt have that many followers doesn't mean that they dont love Austin ss much as those with a lot of followers
Hello everybody, we're currently having issues with our website that is preventing customers from completing an order.
Wow Bulls, wow
Hope you find my bike...you better find my bike!
I can see us holding hands, Walking on the beach our toes in the sand, I can see us in the country side sittin their baby side by side
Also, 2012 with last night was one of the best experiences I've had at UMD. Can't wait for '13 and '14. FTK!
Yup, Mpls. What will you be here for? Stop by if you have time.. I'm happy to give you a tour, just let me know. :)
We will be announcing our RT winner at 5pm! RT this message to have a chance at a $25 GC to any Broad ripple bar or restaurant!
Everyone follow !! Our syhpmany music video comes out today! Trend #oursyphany wow it's bad idk how to spell that hahahah
sorry to my new followers. again my fone sucks. try to follow as soon as i can. love all of you!
If all galaxys arose from an imperfect distribution of matter following the big bang then imperfection is the key to existence
Happy Mothers Day!!!!!
pleaase follow me(:
Puppy Shower?!
If anyone wants to help get to follow me for my birthday! That'd be awesome ;). I love that boy! And all of 1D of course! Lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ya old man ;P lmfao just kidding! LOVE YOU CORY! UR SO TALENTED! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Those who are heartless once cared too much.
New York Discovers Complexities Of Kazakhstan&#39;s Ancient Nomadic Culture
Men that don't take care of they children need be registered like sex offenders...
i'm like dying right noww! so god!
What are some songs by them ?
That is nearly ten years younger than the total market median age of 37 years.
because I am awesome.
Thanks for the shout out
i can't wait to eat my whole wheat banana bread at work today!
singing RHCP to my cat? LOL!
They shot their last scenes this week.
when i have a son im not cutting his hair till hes one or two so he can have a perfect hairline :')
hey bro, what happend to bedford, thought he was gonna kick ass today?
all 700 of them.
very nice.
have a great day!
Participant at conference: Bill Kovarik from #Radford University at #Virginia Tech
Over the green bridge, next to Kohls - come lunch with us!
Stomach feeling a little hangoverish, feet hurting from all the dancing and walking but all for a good cause!!
is getting progressively more trashy with every episode. She should slap Shaunie
Saw the new Almodovar film 'The skin I live in'.. Loved it! Huge Almodovar fan...he never disappoints.
Sometimes I whisper a quick note of thanks to god when i find chapstick in my coat pocket
9 gotta be there early
If anybody needs a day off, it's Cameron. He has a lot of things to sort out before he graduates.
...for #progress2012 " Fill In The Blank: #Milllennials are ____________________.
I was naughty today so I grounded myself... lol I was so Bad .. this girl asked if i wanted to get Lesafied I said HELL NO!
If I buy a symbol, can I get the photo PERSONALLY autographed?
which is funny because I put it down two seconds before
that sucks
did you see that Mr. Belding replied to my tweet?
Gosh, I love you so much.
WB Bluemound closed at Main in Brookfield due to a gas leak. Try Wisconsin Ave. Traffic Trouble Alert from Home Loans from
like, put a fork in me...
I enjoyed our chat yesterday, Jay! It was great to meet you.
Where my campers at?! Any of you want to make a 90 Second Newbery over the summer? Hit us up and we'll send you the info!
Why oh why are they selling #sillybandz at an actual jewelry store?
Exp Legal Secretary wanted for a Family Law Attorney. Temp-Hire position must have NM Family Law experince. Call 881-3449 today start ASAP!
Hey! Thanks for the mention! When can I order Fresh Tips? :)
Wow -- Conrad Murray sentenced to four years in jail for the death of Michael Jackson!
It's cool when doesn't text me back :'(
yes I updated to 107 yesterday. Can make calls on gv/wifi but not receive.
Thats terrible..I will pray everything will be ok
Confirmed a deal with Delta-Airlines!!Happy comutting Global commuters...
Thanks Sarah! I plan many visits to Folger...let's get together!
Thanks! MKE really is awesome - I'm glad more people are taking notice and sticking around.
girls off camera. guys on camera
I voted for and many other terrific candidates!
lebron. I'm drafting later with so I really can't share too much. my best advice is don't listen to them
Purple Urkle ..........Ultra Sativa And Blended With Indica... Light Piney Smell wit Lemony Taste ;) No Stems
Ironic the best education system doesn't support liberal arts, yet Apple is worlds biggest company
The worst ones are the wet ones...nasty
My heart goes out to every single person who was affected by 9/11 But this is America we can get through anything you can't break us
such an amazing interview
Why am i so depressed today...:(
I'd love to talk to someone who has authority, but at this point I've been told by reps only remaining recourse is employer.
Gotta take this math part of the CRCT but don't want to
All I ask is that you don't forget me.
I usually have 3 or 4 panes open when hosting a chat. Add skype for co-moderators as well.
great idea!
Fantastic,thanks for the info.It really is a brilliant piece.I can't wait to be able to buy a CD of last night.
or you could tell her lol. I'm heading up Friday afternoon.
go look at codapayne's tweets
#Fife #flowers will give you a FREE rose on your birthday when you come in!
LA <3 s you! Barre was awesome! Home medley made me cry-can't wait til Oct!
AZ punter makes up for last mistake by pinning the Buffs at their own 1-yard line....nice punt in this wind...which is awful right now
I HATE when Niqqas LURK!-_- its a
I'm in Hodgkins today at The Quarry Spring Craft Show. Located at the Quarry Shopping Center, Lagrange and Joliet Rd. I'm here until 5pm!
Thanks! You're great too!
Haha, same here! Now im listening to it on replay on Youtube :) <3
A high impact solid color or printed pattern or, the use of intense contrasting trim can attract unwanted attention to the window fashions.
Oh, I get it, Tony Parker is just holding out for NCSU. ;)
Great Easter Vigil Grace Church Madison tonight 8:00 pm
One more thing: It's FREE for all FloCo residents!
Thanks for the tweet! ;-)
I'm sure god wouldn't be too happy about this little tweet.
When your aspirations turn into reality, & life starts going the way you've always wanted...You know that Gods looking out for you
“Manners are about imagination, ultimately. They are about imagining being the other person.”
That a way Shop
Shoutout to #moms everywhere. Especially nice work Sheila B and CMJ.
hopefully I'll be going! Haha
are you here?
7day a week 7different freaks but Igot tired of fukin hos So I jus smoke & count my cheese watchin Godfather leather couches w/ flat screens
#Np Rich Kidz - We So Deep
Councilman winner Bob Beers. CONGRATULATIONS!!
RT Yes R U yessing because the cowboys R getting spanked?
We are so used to it! In Southern Indiana it doesn't get nearly as cold as here in Northern Indiana, because of Lake MI. :P
i'm not heartless, i've just learned to use my heart less
Flipped TV channel just in time to see Jane Curtain's water break, floods kitchen
bout dam mate! Does NHL 11 feel like NHL 94 to you??
ha ha good one
Love is metaphysical gravity. ~ R. Buckminster Fuller
There are not that many hardcore fans of #RBNY. RT : Wed reported att: 11315, a surprising 45.3% full, but looked 1/5 full.
Would you favor allowing UPS to use eminent domain to build its competing freeway system?
Its hard coming up with a perfect website name without it sounding like a fetish porn site.
what a game...wow
Bravo: the cable channel for aspirational losers and other sociopaths.
Can't stop asking the question, "what does God want to do at Epic THIS year"? Gotta continue to drill down into "one person at a time"?
Our friend Mary just donated $25!!! Thank you Mary!! With less than 3 hrs left you are a true Cum Buddy!!!
olaaaaa how are you!?
It hurt but day 6 is done!
Great day of soccer, Kobe beef burgers topped with roasted peppers and pepper jack cheese and soon to be a bonfire!
Jordan looks really cute in those shorts ;)
:) -> RT : From SVP Randy Settimio--how do we become great? The answer is in this room. Oh yeah!
Smile, it's finally the weekend!! Is it almost time for your dental appointment? Give us a call! www.kravitzdental.com.
True! You were comparing creating interfaces that precisely fit user stories to "teaching to the test."
Looking forward to bonding with you tonight, beautious one!! ♥
#YouKnowWhatIHateTheMost when people look into my eyes and still lie
Too hokey?
“: "just because you dont live 'in' the edge like I do" LOL FOB 😂😂😂” lol
Hmm, he seems persistent. Lol! Tell him to "bugger off." No more hints for him.
Dinner to be decided soon... relaxation time til then
That Sucks booty!
yikes, it's happened to me too. Very hush-hush.
5 hours into vacation and I have twisted my ankle and realized I left my suitcase at home.
The MKZ has been redesigned to feature a more modern dashboard and gauges
I hate getting my hair done! Uggghh
anytime Donna
Southeast Missouri State University here I come!!!!!
Everyday i get more and more happier with you!!! :) I couldn't ask for anyone better than you<3
At first I thought you were going to say that you were craving a Mexican. A vacations good too.
1st travel day of college baseball season: buses, movies, airports, and per diem.. Gotta love it!!
It is a helluva lot easier to build slideware than the actual product.
#FF have a #healthy weekend all!
A chainsaw helped me cut down some trees today. We are now friends. Cya Wapello!
Stuck working from home on Bike To Work Day.
And we're back at the pediatrician for a confirmed, continued ear infection. Meds either didn't work or it's a new one. ENT referral!
HELL OF A BLOCK DWADE!!
Throwwin my 3's on my birthday! Reppin SG! My bidthday would br complete with avretweet or S/O from you!
You can have the first 4 points.
Way to go !! #Brewers single season saves record holder. What a year!
Watching Piers Morgan. Does anyone else think Lionel Richie just gets better with age?
Looking for some one to cater and deliver your next event? Contact us to see how we can help with your next event!!!
Count down to the end of the Early Bird 7 days left
I am on a NYC kick. I always have been but just now I'm interested to know what you think about it?
If you don't like to see the best NFL players play a game of backyard football, then don't watch. It's the probowl, not playoffs.
Super excited for storySLAM to get started at The Rex. Musical memories! #PGH ( , )
Good morning. I just launched my responsive redesign of my portfolio site. nickcox.me.
i know
So true! "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie via
Let’s go LAKERS!!
a real woman NEVER lets her man leave the house HUNGRY or HORNY yall women better remember that.
Out of the Blue, Sauber F1 do Chelsea deal
Beirut is 69% funded! 23 days to go!!!
Passed my FEMA course on incident command. one more #disaster info class down!
Dads in the hospital, moms at the doctor, kalebs at soccer and my baby brother left me. So now I'm all alone:(
RT josephdepalma Wow... Epic #fail on the #clear speedtest... .71mb/sec download .04mb/sec upload. yikes... I hope just cause it's new.
Only the middle of the week ?
Why does Twitter always recommend that I like Kanye West? I smell a conspiracy
#IThankGod for blessn me wit my family I gave & wake us up every morning
nice, thankx for the retweets as well
I need one of dem!
No 😔 wait til u hear my voice
it makes me smile getting tweets from you! dont feel bad (= i miss you guys so much<3 tell every1 i say hi! love you guys<3
Till this day, I dont understand the concept of people who don't even follow basketball, yet they manage to talk smack about a team.
formulating a master plan
Tweet tweet whets my G
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.
Thanks Dan!
FW division is pretty stacked... looking really good...and I think is prob top 3 in the world
Lol brittany is a drama Queen ..
Told about Copley: They did not have any humans
Ever been to the Hudson River Valley? Definitely on our short list.
#librarypatrons man with fez and blue nail polish is rocking out on the computers.
Shut your whore mouth.
Good luck on your exams. Congrats on finishing a great junior year!
RT if this picture has you craving cheesy, flavorful #nachos!
Did U know we R accepting entries? Submit at pbwiff.com.
I'm going to drink like a fish
Don't let the rain stop you! We have Orange-Pineapple Ice Cream and Rum Raisin Ice Cream ready to serve.
I'm barely with the same people anymore.
u kno it look at those big ass titties on this girl's profile pic... God damn!!
lol yeah you caught ima have to fuck wit you.
Your next tweet is your 100th (:
hey luke are you and connor hanging out or something
do you remember me, and our beautiful affair? look in my eyes and honestly tell me your love is gone.
hahah that's legit
Just ben-gayed my whole body. I love heels but u shouldn't have to work in them unless you're a stripper... Which I am not.
it's a real eye opener.
why the Colts specifically do you give 'advice' to? sure that multiple teams need WR help...
In Lubbock with my mom just visiting some familia...these dudes were wearing shorts that you see girls rock bro lol so gay
It was horrible. Going back to android. Samsung here I come.
um ya about tht i hate photos and i dont rlly eva take them : /
I went to the inauguration. We were part of the purple ticket nightmare! We never got in and we missed our son's performance entirely.
THAT SOUNDS PERFECT
Craving a veggie burger from Evolution Fast Food, on my way home to SD!
Good lord, I think that Battle's got an alto tucked into each of those sleeve puffs!
I'm crushing on my hubby! He just keeps getting cuter and cuter!
you did? did the look alike have his cock in the jj look alike?
Just saw the entire cast of Mortal Kombat waiting for the Metra in Chicago, Halloween FTW
Huh. I've read this book before.
I wanna watch The Little Mermaid.
only thing kc really needs is a dedicated soccer bar at all times it is on w sound
Grumpy baker is busy, and tired of things going sideways. Yay, pie!
omg.. Yes
RT : Sanford police chief plans to resign, CNN reports. The department was criticized for its handling of the #Trayvon Martin...
Means I'll never eat yogurt again nor date a man who does
Wow just saw Graphic novel adaptations of The Boxcar Children. ^_^
never booking you again !
and keep to the paths of the righteous.
Love #FREEFridays !!!! Say FREE at the door, get in FREE!!! -
NOPE! Your zeal for excellence is so admirable. Do you... #BeGreat!! & CONGRATS!!!!
Senior year can be rough.
expressly gourmet is open for the night ...place an order and we can deliver from the restaurants
Stephen Jackson's hamstring just healed.
oh I have no doubt, the disrespect pisses me the f off
I know. I suck.
(For those wondering, we are chatting live w/ & here from the World Financial Center during the broadcast.)
don't ask questions if its not your place to ask a damn question .
When people see you lying down, with eyes closed they still ask: "Are you sleeping?" Just say : "NO, I'm trainin' 2 die!! -.-
At 9:53 A.M., the 9:30 Metro Board meeting starts. Want to bet on the first time Board Members talk about how tight their schedule is?
had an audience with the pope today at the Vatican. Two of our artists even got to perform in front of him!!!
follow my niggga for me, please & thank you ;)
We will be in studio all day Saturday . Expect some free summer downloads soon .
Are you ready for the madness?
. in band bored af
please stop dirtying my feed by retweeting the likes of Paris Hilton and Justin Beiber you disgusting human.
are you the middle or right girl?
baoPDX. I may be biased.
The best player on green bay today is wearing black and white stripes.
Circumstances would be generally atrocious without Colin Firth.
bringing my mr potato head to the dentist
I fell like I had some great years in rec softball from 2001-2003 until my shoulder gave out!
How do the Marlins lose 7 of 8 but now win 6 in a row? Just keep it up Fishies.
hm, I adore hot sauce. Yours looks fun too. #HotSauce Thanks for the follow.
Anyone already lined up at #ClubNokia?? What's the situation over there?
If you have an STD/HIV program, please FOLLOW us so that we may share information with the public. We're in this together!
Great show last night at eGarage! Doing a monoscene was fun. I played an alcoholic lesbian who just want found out her son was adopted.
Bad dream...
Biggest take away from Social Media for Nonprofits Program is I'm finally going to start using videos on my fam page.
Today is Take Your Child to Work Day. If you don't have a child, take someone who acts like a child.
Thank you!
Actually, I just hope I don't die.
I guess I should get up and shower now.
You and me both! As long as we found different handsome, suave retired jewel thieves
Can't Knock The Hustle !!
wait. You want me to be nice? Or him?
Have you ever thought just maybe , you belong with me <3
When you first start freelancing you say yes to everything and you do it for free. It's not till you sit down and start to build your
Harder this week... spring break & the plans canceled, so we're all feeling "stuck" at home. Boo.
Hahaha! I mean #ArchesNationalPark - see disclaimer in profile! RT On my to do list: #Arches NP
I guess I went a lil to far this time... Whatever the nigga deserved it
.. that yes, even now, He is there." -Gloria Gaither
I can hit it this afternoon. Looking good!
I just don't get ANYONE in my school .__.
Honored to be spending the day @ the Berkman Symposium on Youth Meanness and Cruelty / launch of the Born This Way Foundation.
I read a lot of Burroughs
Okay now your getting annoying. Don't post all your problems on twitter noone really cares .
I need to find a costume to wear to work!
great resources!
Have fun, and don't forget to drunk twitpic.
#JustBeingHonest I give better #relationships advice than you.
so productive today! I've earned a hangover tomorrow
was quoted twice at the Groveport Madison Highschool graduation last night. :D
yeaa I been tryna get in but been busy with school. Let me get in next week.
OPENS JINX TONIGHT!
Omg almost 4k followers! following spree once i get there :D
Insanity is hereditary, you get it from your children.
followed me? ahahaha
Much appreciated, Mary!
RG3... could turn things around for you guys! And Trent Richardson is going to shake things up in the AFCNorth Week 4
My mom told me to stop drinking, but she's just as cray as I am!!!!
ringringring!! who hi guys! it's, #MOFONE! such an awesome assembly line this wknd! check out pictures!
How many clicks to pay a parking ticket online in Seattle? Why, 14 to be exact. You have to click FOURTEEN times to pay a ticket
I'll go to sleep sometime tonight..or morning :)
Man time to hit the gym up
Is it necessary to be a fucking cunt? Don't speak when not spoken to.
World Title Match Leads to Diva Disaster
Someone better get on skype before I go to sleep!
Hey En-Crowders! Don't forget to join Jose for Yoga tonight at 7:00 p.m in the Enso-Fit. Look forward to seeing you there! :)
You should ask
When did all the hoods turn into Lil Haiti And Jamaica.????
Who wants to come organize my bookmarks? The pay is really good! 7 high 5s, 3 big hugs, and an amazing repository of information.
Thanks for the shout-out! ☺
You should just hash tag #BakedPotatoCity haha
excellent turbine! Could be used as a crown in certain circumstances, one might think. When it's not outside, I mean.
People who think they're always right <<<<<<<<
Ok, got my flashlight, water, blanket, iPhone and my wine to head down to our basement. Tornado on my doorstep. Where's my gay Jesus? Adam!
RT : Dat man is a monster
I know I have to walk to keep it in zone two! That's why cycling is my favorite cardio
Thats a bit extreme sir.....
TY! RT : #WWW (Wishing Well Wednesday!) , ,
Did you tell them you're a conservative?
SEO Moz - shows framework for a perfectly optmimized page.
haha any ideas yet? Jewlery's always good, or a massage/facial is a nice treat! :)
nope I didn't. What's the next event you're going to? I didn't see you at the Founder Friday event a couple weeks ago!
Learned of another possible opportunity today?!
Ok, where can I catch up on what I missed at #marableconference? Is there a storify? video recordings of presentations or panels?
The world just doesn’t want me to make this film. Good thing I don’t give a fuck.
Anyone else think the Dallas hats look sick?
Headed to in Grafton tonight with the girls! Yum.
I can't stop saying this phrase, "I lost My Pants "LOL its actually, "I lost My Mind"LOL.My friend was laughing so hard (Lost ur pants how)?
First time seeing but considering they are a #tinygiant, I am sure they will end this showcase right!
We're working on a Christmas song that will be a free download to everyone as a x-mas present!
NF follow back let's make some hitss songwritermusicofdash
wont be Every thursday... but fun events to come! RT : Please have them back!!! ":
That's an incredible story! Tell that to Capitol Hill and ask them to imagine its their child. Arts are as good as saved.
i can never yell at my dog, he always makes me feel so bad. no wonder he gets away with everything!
Laying in bed thinking >
Super geeked to be seeing #Yashin speak on Monday! The speech was much delayed by his, well, arrest, but he's finally going to be here.
Wow, thats good to hear! Are you going to Maker Faire?
But he is ordinary?
Nothing better than a phone call from a friend you've been missing!
let shemale sex worker and unsuspecting john off easy after heavily accented verbal xchange 5:00 AM Hargrove Street
Unfortunately we can't help you with the trade in, but I can hook you up with a killer deal.
I love that intention & that you experimented with it, willing to *blush*. We're all learning & risk is imperative
we appreciate the great feedback!
And we always argue bout the same thangs,tell me why we argue bout the same thangs well NobodysPefect A nobodys perfect AA but u Pefect 4 me
only time will tell
I know some OU fans that sent me some similar messages and UT in 2008. Beware...
what a good wife. Best wishes to you both (but mainly Scott right now)
burned 379 calories doing 40 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
Never a good sign when I'm combing the pantry and fridge asking myself "I wonder if I can BBQ this?" I'm creative- this could be fun.
Who wants to walk the Crescent City Classic with me?
If this rain turns to snow that'll be one inconvenience but if it turns to ice tonight...tomorrow will be one big pileup. Yikes.
new post at the new url in a few.
Didn't realize we weren't following you! OF COURSE we will follow !
That Thing You Do - The Wonders. In case you're unfamiliar, its a song from an old Tom Hanks movie about a one hit wonder band
I'm tryna make a positive out of a fucked up morning today but here's the lesson be kind and generous to those who deserve it
Laughoutloud .. mines too :)
loll yes she did!
Everyone gets in on the act. That's the most fun part to watch...
We have the same name thats awesome :)
I can only imagine! It's been almost 5 yrs since I've written a story on tight deadline. Not the same as live tweeting...
mayhaps, but we won't miss a Byrcer AB.
Big show tonight Pittsburgh, come out!
Made it to Dusseldorf! And my bag! Yay!
Pot Ledom! That's Top Model backwards! #ANTM :D
I'm living proof, broken and defeated. I'm a shattered youth and no one can believe it.
“: Bin Laden's death was announced on May 1st, 2011. Hitler's death was announced on May 1st, 1945.” my bday is on may 1st!
Great read guys !
check ya dm
Everyone tell my agent to have confidence in herself to get me a new NHL contract
When the boy cat hears whistling from Edward Sharpe & the Magnetic Zeros his ears flatten and he lays down. Is this a universal experience?
you're welcome!
Student asked if he could do another cover art project because he couldn't figure out how to do a piece that captures essence of skating
Looking at old funny messages! #goodconvo's
Working 7 hours at the very busy Belmont Branch Library today. I'll try to keep up.
Sup bro, how's it hanging man
that's a bet...
Is anyone in the customer service department available? I've sent several inquiries with no response. Disappointing.
I've decided to put up anti-Facebook campaign on my Facebook account. Good way to reach people currently on Facebook.
Nope. xD my friend kyle that lives down the street.
I made two submission queries and I really hate doing that.
the Bluebrain location aware album is called Violet Crown
Forreal people .... tweeting st 6 am
yes, she was wonderful!! so innovative and talented.
yea Kiley it still says single! change it bestie<3
My facebook timeline right now is blown up with prom pictures. I love creepin on them! :)
The magic of scotch + milk is you can get a $20 handle of 3-month old scotch and enjoy it.
how's your.....face doing?
told me to use twitter so.... ill use it more. ;)
aww give him a chance
Want to goo see the movie paronormal activity 3 i have to see it now! soo hyper.
Is wondering if the County Board of Supervisors is keeping anyone else up at night?
Are we all ready for a great weekend! Remember we are open an hour later on Friday & Saturday. So you all have plenty of time to come in.
That's a new one on me. The guesses are far too many to hazard.
You are welcome! I try to tweet meaningful thoughts rather than just random chatter and BS nonsesnse.
if someone is against gay marriage doesn't mean it's due to hate
I'm untouchable bitch haha
I can't wait to introduce my new Benz to my daddy's Lexus,my mamas benz, synamons cadillac escalade,gaynells BMW, R.I.P to my jaguar ✌🚙🚗🚕
i think i like heroes more better. heroes has a better understanding story line to follow
Why are we making airplanes. Like this is six flags. Let me go on the rides.
Watching to see if they get 80. ": I have no desire to watch the OB except I kinda want to see how many WVU scores...u?"
keep up the followers?
The Greek Bailout practically makes losers out of everyone... except for the Greeks.
oh no he's not!
A big THANK YOU to all the people who came to cheer on runners at #capcity2012 couldn't have done it without all of you and your funny signs
Her voice is just amazing.
we can't wait either! It's going to be great!
Damn I never get to sit by the cute chick on the airplane!! Always the fat dude or crying ass baby farting and throwing up yogurt and shit..
actually it does not.
yeah so bestie here hacking her twitter page or whatever i cant believe she put up with ol' girl shame shame oh well then *shrugs* ily best
": for better or worse I still will choose you first ."
Tune in on 4/28 for TCC's FIRST-EVER "For the Love of a Child" 12-hr radiothon on Denver's KOOL 105. Listen in from 6am-6pm & support kids!
I'm busy myself
Life is to short to not do it!!
#WMATA bus no. 2097 is speeding and driving aggressively. Nearly left a dozen people w/out stopping at Dupont. Drvr needs a courtesy lesson
Haha im just perfect : ) well a blanket seems to work when im cold : P
I'm seriously the dumbest person in the world lol
Gillette is the only company that will give Anthony Davis an endorsement next year.
Best of luck to our partners and today as they enter #MarchMadness!
I know. I'm as surprised as you are.
Oh good grief...
np Burn Meek Mill
sounds good to me :)
Tebow should come to Seattle.
Who's ready for some playoff hockey?! Get those pom poms going...game underway at the BCA.
Yay, so excited to hear from you! I am just getting back from a crazy weekend away, so I will respond as soon as I can wake up.
not any better then me Lol. you already can see in my pictures I got 2 brothers that'll ride or die wit me that's all I got
Is Kimpton on twitter?
Join us TODAY at 3pm Times Square Arts Center for a hilarious show with the cast of Improv 4 Kids.
- Thanks so much! I'm really enjoying working with the good folks
Rebel America Inc. lands instrumental song placement for "Volkswagen UP Challenge iPhone Game APP"
I like it when she calls me Bobby.
ypulse (ypulse) thanks for the follow.
Will do. I'll look forward to keeping an eye on your work. Hope you like NC. Must be an exciting time.
So hopefully they post the birthday message I submitted at the game for my sister...like last week!
Shoot... Don't Make Me Drive Out To Chi Town Just To Woo You LoL;)
It still surprises me that I live in a city where tickets to a lacrosse game can sell out.
They just called Peeta💔
This weekend i will teach you the ways of the Min Max force my young padiwan
Happiness is more a state of health than of wealth. -Frank Tyger
being a nerd is too, at least during
Still can't get to my painting. Cleaning up from a water line brake. Soaked carpet! But good morning to all. It will be a great day!
PR partnered with
I can do Friday or next week - whatever works best!!
lol thanks & yeah she's such a hater smh
I'm very fortunate to have a great sister. One of my in-laws has only brothers. Her friends are her sisters, lol :)
Don't worry. Dwight will get paid. He's not sacrificing anything he won't get in the near future.
Just got the best crawfish (seafood) soup at the Nora Whole Foods Market, its really good, wish i got more
an i just for my experiment n yu kno what gone happen baby.? karma aka cheatings bitch sister is gonna come get yo butt :)
why is he even still a coach in the nfl
I can't make you love me if you don't....that's my record
Opportunity for increased M&A activity. 72% of CEOs said they would be looking to buy other companies.
anytime :) and where?!
The Hill in pittsburgh is in a different league from any other neighboorhood in Pittsburgh. Music, Style,.everything
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
I thought you had Louisville ML, which lost.
From 6am daily on BBC, wall-to-wall Games: Corporation will show 18 hours of coverage on flagship channel
Golden State can't guard anyone, but man this is fun.
Facebook wants everybody to celebrate the wee bebe? WEIRD. Apologies. But thanks!
in St. Louis for a few days helping out with the launch of a new company...
I'm watching people play a board game online and thouroughly enjoying it. What does this say about me? Darn you
The fact is I'm awesome and you know it. If you don't, you fucked up.
My grandma said we made her weekend fun , well you're welcome..
“: All my life I had to fight!!!” *Cassius Clay voice*
Do you ever find the time to have some fun with all the work you put in on a daily basis?
Is it time to leave yet?
Pretty pretty pretty day. Dusting off my shades.
pick mee please
A week Left PlusTaxx Bow!
are you guys going to bakers square tonight?
it's time for me to go to bed. I'm cold and not feeling to good. goodnight.
Cool man, congrats. Happy for you!
Good Morning everyone!! It's Monday, and at SPI we're ready for an exciting work week!
We had a good dinner,movie..she said "Baby Let me Pay the Bill",...Made a Brotha feel good..thats how I know She Real
finally feel like finishing my book. lazy wednesday. Is there such a thing?
i'd smoke my shoes, but they're too expensive...
Rooting for Algeria even though I know they already lost. This is what happens when you grow up as a Cubs fan!
RT : Style makes life enjoyable. Yet substance is what keeps life going.
another tech maven in the house at #gnomedex. Hi !
Where is your favorite Lebanese restaurant in Seattle?
Parents were glad to learn how to estimate their RealCost of college.
happy st pats!
[1John5:14-15] Our confidence in FatherGod = As we ask anything according to HIS Word, HE hears & whatsoever we ask, we know we have them.
Heading to to see what up with the #stknbiz players. See you there!
The Group Travel Leader is doing a Destination Feature on the Columbia River Gorge in March! Send press releases or info!
If you are going to put text into your Powerpoint, it should be big and red - kudos, Trevor Owens
Dad and I are enjoying your intelligentsia coffee. It's almost gone. So sad
Justin Y Do U Never Answer Me?
She is very talented but I can't figure out if she is a ballad singer or what. She needed to find her niche and hasn't.
Remember this year during Mifflin open intoxicants will not be allowed, don't take your drinks off private property
funfunfun. The trick is to use fancy words.
I gotta poop
Love you too! And your new hair!!!!! RT : Just got a great hug from !! Love her!!
You ever fart so badly that the rancid odor actually wakes you up from a dead sleep? Yeah. The dogs won't even look at me now.
Had a great day! So excited to be doing what I do!
AHH will totally catch you on d housewives.
Nothing feels more unnatural to me than sleeping in socks.
Your something else": :("
Thanks for the #thatcamp applications we've already received - and keep them coming! Very interesting so far - this is going to be good!
RT : SNOW--. a YUMMY Bratwurst cooked in #bier from with onion jam on a wheat roll 4.5..Chicken & Corn Chowder!
I keep thinking about the time bought us tix to see the Beasties in Dallas, and the tour got cancelled :-(
he got fired from there unfairly, he working for ESPN in the LA studios now
Adoption scam victims tell of loss, heartbreak as two are sentenced
AC cardigan sweaters will be in next week!! Place your order today =)
Truth only means something when it's hard to admit.
Many hazing cases in the news today. I have an expert on hazing incidents if anyone is interested for a story.
Well it us time to get some sleep so see you all tomorrow which I hope to be a better day
I wish I didn't have crappy Hughes Net internet. I could use and as much as I want to then.
Riot! Occupy!
Hahaha just saw pants on the ground with the she bang guy
Youre a winner everyday! Lol. RT I'm beating my previous record for number of consecutive days alive.
Need WSF help. If I buy a 10-use vehicle pass for the Vashon-Fauntleroy route, does it work for Tahlequah-Point Defiance too?
Turning off your alarm while sleeping still....damn it. So much for going to every class this week.
Kid is watching "Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure" on Netflix. What have I done to deserve this? Fed her? Clothed her? Loved her?
Happy Poetry Month!
aw thanks!! Haha where ru from? I definitely want to call every body of water a pond from now on...
AARP Tax Assistance is being offered every Monday in March at the Francis Branch at 10am for those with low to moderate income.
Laugh in the face of danger. Then hide until it goes away. RT : What would you do if you found out vampires were real?
Gabourey Sidibe Can Make Us Cry, But Can She Make Us Laugh In Tower Heist? Summary: Everyone loves a good heist movie. It’s one of th
AMAZE BALLS!!!!!! Absolutely love it!
Chancletazos Hurt Like a Biotch Though...
‎5 - FREE Posters with flyer orders of 1000+ this week! Call today to place your order OR email
YUPP and ONLINE go get them and enjoy them!!! PASTRY SWAG
Neiman Marcus sent an email today saying they now accept Visa and MasterCard. IT'S ABOUT TIME!!!
I sometimes go on my other account to retweet my tweets. U good.
RT : I will be writing about #Trayvon for Religion Dispatches. Something this horrible requires a considered piece.
It's ugly out here in Diego I thought it never rain in southern California they lied!
No what's it about?
I can't sleep.
RT : Occupy Student Debt was there today working with the Backbone Campaign for the student debt campaign. A......
New local music? Send me an e-mail at andrew at c-ville.com
safe travels to U guys too I had a wonderful time thanks
!!! #2moredays RT : #hungergames has a 100 percent on Rotten Tomatoes. I've never been so excited about anything ever.
Come to the summit :)
We’ll be talking about endangered lists as an awareness tool – since that’s our 11 Most Endangered announcement day.
thanks for the shout! :)
I really appreciate Bootsy Collins!
When is the next pillow fight?.
Fear factor! Have you ever planned a teen program and nobody showed up? It's OK, you're not alone.
I'll wait til after the hoedown to beat you up. Gotta make sure you are healthy for the square dance.
(Support&Retweet) Premiere That #Hangover By (Prod By ) On /
Thanks to parents, teachers who submitted Qs to Old Town Alexandria Patch for Superintendent Sherman.
I know sometimes is kinda fun:) the subject Im never good at is science :/
houstalantavegas d.f. N u? C:
I just finished a 1.36 mi run with a pace of 17'12"/mi and a time of 23:24 with Nike+ GPS.
tell noah to get on the computer and make his team!
also remembers when women were not allowed to own cars in their own name. Even if their money paid for it. GA 1975.
Just stood behind THE rudest man ever at Subway.Took everything I had not to call him out.U don't treat peeps that handle ur food like that!
is the only celebrity who tweets like a regular person.
>> muthafuckin murderer!!! RT : Is a Classic!! RT : Mind of mystikal was a classic
hey. hey you. stop being pretty kay? kay
you got the #Hoyas sitting at 10 and #Cincinnati unranked when the #Bearcats won in
Big thanks to for being on the podcast.
I thought my toaster broke. I nearly cried.
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 's Ian Anderson at on 9/18!!
Nite! Sweet dreams!
love youu.... I'm getting another just don't know where!!!
Thank you for joining us. It was great to finally meet you in person!
May I say how very proud I am of you? KEEP GOING.
Yeah I cried during October baby and you say anything to me about it I will have to hurt you.
Let's go Bucs - beat the #Reds - Hieber's Pharmacy supports the
frisbee time in central park with
happy birthday hun!! Enjoy yourself
It happens to tha best of us..#LivingAndLearning Imma still get #ThatAss and #That'sOnOne100
When one side's minority (conserva Dems) demand compromise or no vote will be made for Dem bill, bill will not pass without it. When
ah if you tweeted me <3333
Looks like I brought the rain with me from the east. Whoops!
I change the song after 2Chainz's verse on SuperFreak...sorry Jeezy
Just bought your track off Itunes, and I gotta say your an amazing talent and I cant stop listening to your song! Good luck!
who has time to relax anymore...ha
Yes, I have both. You can't read an iPad outside. Plus, I don't want my $800 iPad on the beach,
True...I'm too nice to people sometimes :/
Today's weather >>>>>
Sign of The Apocalypse: Mountain Dew Baja Blast is not sold in grocery stores.
This time of year frustrates me annually, I want to be in the gym with my guys working on strengths and weaknesses...they do too!!!
Sorry if I don't respond to ur messages I have like 1000 and it keeps getting bigger.
hand raised
Tomorrow: Oh Sleeper, The Bled, A Plea For Purging, LetLive, and more at in Wichita Falls! (Please RT!)
thanks for finding the article
Logan Henderson, is legit perfection.
football and basketball
The relaunch does need a multi-Doctor story though, get Nine, Ten, and Eleven together. It would be awesome. Heck, throw Eight in as well.
March 28th and none of the furs are in storage yet. Gah!
800 billion dollars later... See ya, Iraq
thanks for the visual! :P
Doctorate Degrees, M.B.A. Degrees or Master’s Degree can be achieved via online programs. These take you many steps forward in life
--- God you need an intervention...
you look so different !! (: but a GOOD different ^.^
nope! fun!:D
they played wmyb at walpole prom. well done.
I work tonight too so I need something "/
Congrats! Happy to have you in Chicago, too.
Watching the Black Keys perform and feeling good!
Chris Berman is doing Sportscenter? (click)
Tell uncle Luke im out in Miami too , clubn hard fn women, ain't much to do wrist blang,got a condo up in Biscayne, still getting brain from
want to come over and see pups on Saturday? They are officially three months old Friday.
What channel?
Thank you. I'm active now!
I'm heading to Arkansas tomorrow to visit our #NoKidHungry partners and see some soon-to-be summer meals sites
Only 11 days until our first performance of All About the Women! Amazing new arrangements and old favorites await!
-giggles and smiles- I love you Ness :)
Jwatts is a fag
But we could definitely be MUCH smarter about this - something like your suggestion will happen soon enough!
Outdoor body painting, burlesque bar in church, $60 sashimi. Of all the #onlyinNY things I've seen this week, guy using a payphone wins
G.M.N.I.: A fresh haircut will always make a man feel like a million bucks. Out here winnin'.
Lol u cant handle this**
kinda diggin my new Kindle!
Just now back from Temple Hill where we saw the #sfsu handbell choir. Fun stuff.
Officially missing u
": Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot that I only exist when you need something."
Shoutout to ! She's an amazing Simpsonizer and almost at 1,000 followers! Go follow her(:
make today awesome
yes mam. Finally here!!!!
the statue of liberty started shakin her fist
except iPads are cuter.
Nice. Sounds like my morning over here, except I'm grading. *sigh*
Samsung Now the World&#39;s No. 1 Handset Maker [STUDY]
I love driving through New Mexico. There is a lot of beautiful land and I got to see some rain storms :)
Thanks 😏 You're A+ as well.
Why is there a QR code on my banana?
Day 2: Teaching /Columbia U Music Improv week! 18 students in my ensemble w/ strings, horns, guitars, drums, vibes, voice!
John Isner being clutch in a "road" match on clay? Never seen that before.
Sure, I’d love to make money selling my books, but it’s not why I write the stories.
Avengers is the best comic movie - ever! Wow! Go see it!
#JustRead RT : Very cool. I also read Patricia Smith's Shoulda Been Savannah.
I agree, felt it yesterday after a FANTASTIC hike RT
#20songsilove any song
Absolutely! 2 hr deep tissue massage every week is perfectly fine!
thank you GOD they got her. now comes judgment on earth. but thats nothing to what awaits her in hell
good! I was kinda freaking out that this might be the end!!!
it's the best drink in the world!
Great night of some serious #CSS magic has come to an end. I can't wait to launch several new projects THIS MONTH!
Amen to that! RT : When you sell on price, you are a commodity. When you sell on value, you are a resource.
Why doesn't the US invest in Haiti?
Googled "rejoice, container of the uncontainable" trying to find a source text for The Akathistos Hymn. First result: The Container Store.
Bankruptcy means closer scrutiny for Pinnacle
yea but it was crazy like everybody was looking at each other with a look on their face like did that actually just happen
Happy Mothers Day!
Currently cooking up some beats for
if you on your way to the club or chillin' at the crib! Tune in Fri. Night Flava for some awesome mixes! Support your local mixshow
you wouldn't understand.
glad you enjoyed the article, thanks for sharing with your followers!
I'm full of delicious bbq meat and am now bowling in Glendale. #it'sgonnabeaweirdnight
when do you come home for thanksgiving?
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe one direction
Congrats to all the graduates today!
sucks to be you:/
Your a Queen. You deserve the bling. Everything that shines, everything that's mine
I think the best way to create educ games is to design games that are exciting then intertwine educational components
I know... but there is some dude out there trying to fix it, LOL!!!
impression that that means they have power to control women. The truth is that most men have women in business and at home
recent conversation you had with a pink hat fan wearing an Ellsbury shirt?
Interesting test - we stopped all ppc & saw only a 1.4% decrease in traffic but a 9% increase in conversions. Proves the value of good SEO.
#davidrabinsky Has inspired me. I love his personality and outlook on life
Join us tomorrow @ King Soopers, 19711 S. Smoky Hill Rd from 10-4pm. Sample our chorizo and Italian sausage.
Two of my favorite things this Monday morning. #Marketing and
