lol nah my pc is just 4 years old and cant handle it so it wasnt fun dealing with lag
Guess I'll be popping in to do some filming tomorrow night, can't wait. Have a great Thursday.
Listen to our new song "Lying" at www.purevolume.com/holidayparade it should be on iTunes at some point tomorrow!
Woot. Time to cut grass. -_-
can I be in it?
We'll definitely add it to the list. Any excuse for Diana to break out the make-up or for Michael to die again!
Omg im just tweeting tweeting you . Don't give me that attitude!
Corduroy. Good word. Say it out loud, sounds nice.
whew. I'll check the theater website to see what it says about set times
You should be delivering thought leadership blogs not pictures from your CEO's vacations.
I'm tired of all this Alexis drama. Let make his own choices. Sure I'm not a huge fan of her but I'm not ganna hate.
Aww i love you :D
wtf is wrong with you!? Just go explore the airport and dance through the terminal haha
Aww, thanks sweetie! RT : it's because the Mark Shale girls are there :)
Heading to forum! It should be fun!
. #AAS3rdCentury Right, but I feel the gap missing in the conversation at places like this is more the good of Google than the bad.
#campaigntech Q: How close are we to 100% matching between offline voter profiles and IP address? #WoahIts2012 #WhatAboutTheFirstAmendment?
they cannot afford tickets. it sucks. life sucks. everything sucks.
We are doing our best!! RT : everyone follow the best sports agency in the game...
Wanna go to bed with an even 1530.
see what happens when you mess with sucias! Gotta go to the vet for that medication son!!! Lol
LOL @ NBC, "Days of our Lives will be seen at 3:04 AM"
Go with the purple and go low.
that's how I feel about editing video...
Looks great!
Sounds like our kind of TV show ;)
I'm welcome home now… walk off grand slam and the Mets lose.
First Cubs Game Today :D
Good one! RT : A7 Only focusing on pushing products and not actually listening or engaging with customers
Do you have a minute to chat about UbD and CCSS? We're looking at returning to UbD framework in county.
What is your cheating policy teachers?
At the gym with my little sis. Time to work on our fitness!
Stick to sports ;)
Join us tonight at Busby's West in Santa Monica! #drinks #$1 drinks
No stress.. babygirl you deserve nothing but the best
Chances multiply if you grab them...
no, we didn't win the award ... this year! Here we come next year!
I'm goodie. How are you?
yeah, it looks cold out there!
cursed snow!
Hahahaha. That's hilarious. Or John Mayer.
yes indeed, got a part time evening gig myself
it's so hot in my room. d:
He has never let you down, Why start to worry now? He is the Lord of all we see And He is still the Loving Father Watching over you and me!
I think I'm just gonna watch It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia and smoke a bowl.
PSA- Portal 2 is $6 on Steam. oh wait. Everyone owns it already because it's the greatest game ever made.
UT auditions for the Last Five Years going on right now. so i'm tabling. it's slightly lonely :( but fun (ish) nonetheless
Such A True statementRT : Life is easier when you can be who you are.
This week's most confusing sentence award goes to: "The Darkness is currently touring Australia & will open for Lady Gaga later this year."
Oh look, the Clippers are whining and flopping and running their mouths again.
have some what pops? :)
Is it bad that i check my unfollowers every day? LOL
Who ever said I wasn't?!? They were blue and resembled Zoë Saldana & Sigourney Weaver. Could've been worse. :)
I know what you meant. I meant I don't know why I keep at it. :-)
Where's a good spa at?
you can spend so much time regretting the past but there is nothing you can do to change it, what is done is done.
Commentators have to sound interesting, and not just like a parrot. Any frontbencher gets talked about that way eventually.
#1 thing I HATE. Guys cheating behind their girl's back. I feel the need to stab someone when I see that.
Studio move day!
The upside is, if you're clowns, that implies there might be pie at some point ...
I should change my bio
When you poop in your dreams, you poop for real.
theres always that 'what if'
No afternoon plans! Other than going to see
Swearing is like farting in public. You know you shouldn't do it, but sometimes it just slips out.
wish i could've went to chicago with mah homies, but family calls :P
« feeling unwanted <»
“: I HATE THE "HONEY BADGER"” Honey Badger Don't Care. Honey Badger Does What He Wants.
I'm sorry to say they can't Wayne. The only thing liberals and logic share, is an "L."
Young men and girls, old people and children together. Let them praise the name of Yahweh, for his name alone is sublime Psalms 148:12,13
Used WordPress and Anthologize in teaching a faculty seminar last week. Easy to use Anthologize. Faculty and students making ePubs.
BOYCOTT #LeBron James' selection show on #ESPN. It's not like he will ever win an #NBA title. Non-leader, non-champion mentality.
PENALTY too many men on the field.
How about granting a wish Cloris? Look us up doll!
This may not be the worst loss of the year, but it is certainly the most painful.
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Treat her like a friggin lady you dicks.
Congrats to the grads of + the rest!
work. laundry. work. sleep.
some get stuck at "before" and call it "after"
What's up with straight guys and yoohoo?
Really excited... Get to see Blake in action tonight.
we were there all day Friday (camped over night) then all day Saturday, until the big storm and our tent flooded. we left 9:30
wow really now..lol RT Why is there something wrong w/ my door and I'm locked in my house tho???
is not amused by this weather
Lol! Lemme know if you do! He eluded my visual eyes!!
agreed. Though maybe I want to be wherever Saby is. People keep talking about
Last weeks voting winners: Mrs. Philippines Intl-Liza Schneider, Miss South Africa Intl-Helga Barkhuizen & Miss Teen NV Intl-Courtney Critz!
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson because without him, Larry would just be Harry!
plan. U do that, I take ur place.
lol no. Is he doing work? Lol
I just don't want anyone to leave. So... are you in?!!!
C'mon give us some insight on Peyton - Will the Titans get him?
Students shouldn't count on teacher responses outside of school day. Teachers have a life too.
I dunno. I meant who from the MLB roster will be sent down. Hope its no injury. *shrugs*
is contemplating throwing the printer out of the office window... only it's a skylight and I'm worried it'll fall back down on my head
haha! I was just drinking one!
And dear students: I have many, many students. You are not a special snowflake. I haven't memorized your grade... so look it up.
Today's "Groupon Says" it's almost Onion-esque. Well done.
Watchen the movie the help it is a good movie soo far :)
Heck no. IrfanView is it for me. “: MS Paint; the quickest/best logo resizing & file type changing tool there is. No seriously.”
I be wildinn like "capital one" what is in your wallet?
now that I've got all these important people following me, I feel compelled to say something important. Soon come!
From the site's strong visual aesthetics, I would have never guessed that.
Congrats on the win. It was a great game. Love you Jake you did a great job today
ME TOO!
DaTechGuy is right. We are all Andrew Breitbarts today. We wish you could be here for the fun. We pray we do you proud.
Think that we got more time, when we're falling behind. Gotta make up our mind.
even more of a reason to go back to the menil and sit in the cy twombly galleries. rip cy. absolutely a favorite.
RT : And congrats to you too, Jen! RT : congrats, , , , & the rest of the MITH staff!
My internet is finally back. Thank god.
I'm coming home Cali!!
Waking up in 4 hours for the MS bike ride. 75 miles with and as spectator :s lol
We've developed a decent answer to the Per-GB witch hunt. Call Capstone Advisory Group's new Electronic Discovery Practice for details.
is watching Taxi... you're so cute! :)
Dude, Pinterest and it's "wait list" can suck it. Hurry the fuck up I need to "like" nail mustaches!
man. jared's not gonna get any play now.
Thank fucking christ.
I've only been using #pinterest for personal use. Anyone personally see benefits out there for professional use?
my one-eyed kid could do that.
Awesome, I really look forward to hearing from you! :)
Monkeys & Llamas was pretty baller, even though hindsight Disney probably would of sued us...
Barack Hussein Obama always despised the CIA and the military. Now he's taking credit for their hard work. What a fool and joke you are.
RT..I will DM Liam for everyone who RT'd this. (Must be following me and )
somehow that link goes to 's campaign
Rise and Shine ☀
Thank you for being firkin awesome. Mischievous Brown
agreed. But the train and trolley get you pretty close.
It will be great to have something to look forward to in middle of June! It will probably be a while before I do another trip.
It's the 1st of the month! Time to think about changing your furnace filter if you haven't recently!
One day I'll play at SXSW...one day.
Havin school dis week is pointless
Yay it's #firstthursday but can it stop raining please!!
RT Vote for in her portfolio application for the year's most compelling art, photography & design
my condolence and prayers go out to you and your family!
Attention everyone, has a voice that could make a wolverine purr. Go buy him on
Avoid water stains & let EcoChic take care of your baby! Get a 20% or + discount! Call (619) 928-4848 & ask for our raining day specials! :)
can i plz get sum followasss!!!
When you first are really interested or attracted to someone, It's something you can't control even if you want to.
OMG. That's a stomach ache in a bun!!! Lol RT “: mustard, tomato, sport peppers, onions & relish...”
#Pens need Fleury to be Fleury of reg season, hes not. Hes Fleury of games 1-3. Getting scary here. Again, have to respond quick or bye-bye.
I have no idea what that even means. Crazy talk.
It starts with the idea of another origin story giving me hives, & nothing past that has swayed me the other way.
I can't believe she paid you.
I need to not over analyze and quit being such a sensitive little bitch. I need to just chill yo
Is it jus me or does rick ross look like dem monkeys frm da wiz....
people smoke weed to get high i smoke weed to feel normal
Congrats to Ronnie Moss- RRAC Player of the week. I think we have a shot at national player of the week next week !!
Genius does little good to those of us who can't master basic functions such as sleeping.
What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger <3
Oh, it's that I feel you
he put his 2 cents in about the saints, saying they should be stripped of their SB title cuz of the bounty thing
re: Altura. The food was good, the service was amazing!
bitch ill spell it how I want to hoe.... Who gone pop me
Well I love them more than you and
Losing your headphones and having to use a different pair, it's just not the same. They feel different right?
Kk nite bros need to pass out now...me thinks one more pic of someone hot
Day of fireworks and beer. And fighting off tyranny and oppression
Girl please!
had a great time hanging and chatting with you! Thank for the invite! Safe and productive travels. Xoxo
#onlyskinnyppl come out side looking like Wesley snipes off demolition man
is it just me or does it feel like spring outside in michigan in january
Aw how cute. Okay. You like it though right? 😌
Hey wats up
how u doin ms.lady
Stuffed Pepper Soup, Cheese Cilantro, Pork & Drunken Bean Enchiladas, Warm Dulche De Leche Toffee Cake or Banana Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
Know what, celebrities? Your perfumes are wack! All of them!
It's almost lunch time!!! Make your way to & for a great meal!!! The #firestonedistrict is waiting for you!!!
had to take my truck to the dealership...why are u up
Dan the coffee man who shares with cancer patients is amazing! I'm inspired
Hey what an amazing job #recycling an old warehouse into a 600sq ft break room. That could easily be #repurposed space to live!
#Bengals just lowered Boom for in-state help at running back. Good value in the former #Buckeyes star Dan Herron in sixth round
Hope It Don't Rain Tommorrow. .
RT: Why do the weekends always go by so fast and the weekdays so slow? <<Yes, it is a cruel trick!
Need Textbooks? The easiest way to find your course book information is to sign onto PatriotWeb.
I think i saw a ghost tonight at work, glad i got my rape horn
#ff two lovely and talented ladies, & !
kate! I miss you! does softball start soon? when I have a free Saturday I'll come and cheer you on!! xo
ya once u get 2 beers in you ur a riot ~2 chains voice~
lol yeah drawing, photography, photoshop, all that good stuff
#sschat #edtech I really started using it with twitter...you can e-mail tweets to your evernote account & the webclipper.
sister ( ) is screaming litteraly SCREAMING at the top of her lungs...
cause people are awkward like that! lol! :P
well of course. I'm just being hopeful and kind. Maybe we can get some good vibes going amongst our
I have long hair, and I do not care...
Two of a kind....the main reason we blew each other mind...
I signed your Twitition, love! I really hope y'all get the tour in your city! (:
i at least need 1000 followers by the end of the week can i do it ....#everyfollowcounts lol
we should! but how?
when exactly is the deadline for the challenge?
The more you listen, the more you get out of it, but how to get over the initial "what's this" hump? (Indoctrination camps maybe?)
If the media is behind somebody, then you know they're bad. If the media is against somebody, then you know they're good.-Alex Jones
Landed on spot in Geeque palace online Mag May Edition every move I make Im grateful for... You just never know where it will take you
Is someone ready for tomorrow night???
I have no idea what's going on what did E! news say?!?!?! Did anyone record it or know where I can see it?!?!
damn, I was trying to be quiet! :)
Thanks for the correction - 6:30 p.m.
Mossberg: Began as a hobbyist-- learned to code and use computers on side while covering national security for the Journal
Lets do it: 25 Jumping Jacks complimented with a 30-second Wall Sit.
Looks packed! We're so glad it's summertime again. We love Bike Nites!
#BestSpongebobQuotes at least I'm safe inside my mind :)
MC Ride is officially one of my favorite lyricists
One species of hummingbird weighs less than a penny for those who care :-)
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....HOUSTON'S BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!
counts down the #HotFacebook5At8 at 8 tonight w/ tix to get into our Meet & Eat w/ from #AmericanIdolSeason10 LISTEN!
My mouth to God...tonight I met The Missing Link...
You look so cute and emo hiding behind your coffee. LOL
mrs. Farris would be so proud
how are u
spent last 2hrs researching anti-aging possibilities from Aubrey de Grey & implications of singularity from Ray Kurzweil. mind is spinning!!
Gonna change my picture to #CoLS book cover for tomorrow💗😄
Hope everything is ok and they get you more information soon!
when u coming home bro?
what up brother its a good game so far
if only all of our accounts had that delicious power.
the iPhone seems a blessing and cross to bear for sprint. But longterm beneficial.
We once knew a man who washed and waxed his new car every Sunday afternoon for 10 years
you ALWAYS tweet me Hey You =P
I cannot express how much I love Kirko Bangz
dear chandelier? Never heard of them. What kind of music do they play??
Thanks for the follow! Any plans for the weekend?
is he chelsea's best addition? What's the score?
he's on tv right now. And he's doing horrible things to the Lakers. Apparently you don't want no puss nuggets
so is this jesus cardenas or jose preciado? R u also consultants?
are you too good for your home?!?! Answer me!!!
Going riding tomorrow instead of going to school! Yayyyy.
lmao yo I had them nachos with the Hint Of Lime tostitios chips >>>>> woah dere! hit the spot haah
Yes, yes you do RT : Need a new iPod.... Real bad.
“: Easiest way to stop giving a fuck? Never start.” advice taken
Last day with the iPad test drive. I'm going to be so sad tomorrow morning... :(
so tired of being super duper busy. need this vacation.
Oh, you're THAT kind of aunt. RT the best way is to just give them socks!
Lads are better mean that nice and cheesy
If I wanted all the news to be about Greece, Egypt, and China, I'd have lived 2500 years ago.
if that technology ever comes to text messaging, I'm screwed.
oh my I bet poor girl having to come back to THIS.. It's
this is keyshawn
I'm heading to tonight, may have to try those olives I've heard so much about. Plus a 1/2 price bottle of wine.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Just listened to the Director of Reinvent the Wheel on NPR. The poor live among other poor? Um, #StatingtheObvious. Where to go from here?
All louisville fans follow
Indeed. They were my favorite band for all of the 90's and most of the 00s
UK training rodents 2 clear landmines- great initiative but new Commander of famous Desert Rats may have surprise at first troop inspection!
freelance tip: breakfast IS important.
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 xx,
"He's thirsty"
SAY!! I N33D SOME
This bitch waited for me to get close then she pulled out in front of me! What are you fuckin retarded! !
Why do teenagers say they are doing something (homework, chores) when they are really on facebook?
Get your work out in today!
what time will they appear?
“: I love spending my Saturday night studying ”
They sure don't : mocks don't draft RT a lot of mocks have Kuechly falling past 15, why wouldn't the Birds jump on this?
haha I'm wondering where you saw this! Tweet me it
I don't know if I should do it or not
niggas hittin us with the mass text.
okay then c:
For all myLearning users and admins -- we are experiencing some issues w/the LMS. Working on a solution; hope to resolve in the next 30 min.
Albon: Civil society must take the first step- govts generally don't reach out first.
#DeadToMe RT : I'm having an anti music afternoon. Full catalog of
The reason to not take things personally is to understand that what people say about you is a reflection of them & not you
Leaving for Arizona on Friday. Going from mild weather to a sauna. Yikes.
he just sent a very similar tweet.
Happy #FF to our new friends at The friendliest ladies you'll ever meet...and they take gorgeous photographs to boot!
never could get into that show
If you was so real then why tweet about drama just go handle it #internetthugs just want attention
I giggle every time I order a Tall Blonde
Learning two languages. Slide guitar and Italian. Still not sure which is harder to speak competently.
I bet they are gamey-er than chucken.
Don't get me wrong I would love to see him lose. But the man is good.
And now, a break from emails and powerpoint - sitting in on the Explorer's Symposium.
I hate driving in bad weather.. Ugh. So glad to be home!
Its such a small world.
The awakened sages call a person wise when all his undertakings are free from anxiety about results - Gita
Radiohead tickets - check. Who else is going?
so cant wait for my shoot tomorrow i got a whole team makeup ,hair ,fashion stylist the whole thing ...wow !!!!!!!!!
Cool. My mom went to the City with out me.
Espresso Coffee has just 33% of the caffeine gravity of ordinary coffee.
we've got a little mafia going on…
FOH, dickhead. your grandpa sell bootleg, the only thing you knocking out Is yourself, LOL.
2nite BOILER ROOM - 2723 Elm St. - Dallas - Live R&B/Hip Hop/Poetry event - FREE b4 9pm!! Spcl guests hitting the stage- Kitchen open!
won a snuggie! sweet!
so glad you got the game. Can't wait to hear what you think!
been working on everything ! meeting next weekend for our new collection ... will soon need male / female models in the miami area
I am encouraged by all the positive feedback and the $411,000 that was committed to Luis Palau Association Tuesday night. Thank you Lord.
#6WordSciFiStory - The Mechanical shall inherit the Earth.
Dear , THANK YOU for tab groups that make my command-T happiness more socially acceptable!
QUESTION!!!!!! Will you stop by Kentucky on your way? It's really close!
Hey - thx for the follow!
MT Good point... : , it's ALWAYS ski season in your mind!
Cheetah, cheetah, cheetah, cheetah!
omg it was harry all along.
How many pounds of pepperoni are consumed in America each year? First to answer correctly wins a FREE BEER PARTY!
Fantastic. RT : I just spoke to J.R. Smith. He confirmed that he's nearing a deal with the New York Knicks.
so sry bro. been very busy doin yard work & gettin stuff for mons surprise party. ill email today or tomorrow :)
My fav #snacks when running around: string cheese, almonds, dried apricots, puffins cereal: Put everything in a bag & GO!
Bout 2 go parkheights on somebody
Totally agree w/ - the show was AWESOME!
SHOW JAN 28th Denver lets bring it.
Enjoyed tweet chatting with you! Stop by any time you want to chat about books. Join me next month on Nov 1st at 7PM EST.
for my mom & my dad
#SanDiego has been so grey lately.
I could see myself winning on The Price Is Right someday...
Now that on the #ipod its about
Any New Grub In San Diego To Talk About?
Show some #FollowFriday love to our friends
Stands to reason that Universities would become far "Whiter" because the HS graduation rate for blacks are headed lower.
Lol Stepboys are the best crew for me so far
Time for a redesign. Create/edit my own or purchase a Wordpress theme?
aight i resent them so let me know ..aight bro
I think my Twitter finally switched over. Looks different with things on the left vs the right. I liked the right side!
great day for Reds Opening Day!
Wish I was coming too!! Enjoy and can't wait to hear about it!!
No I didn't :) !! She has a CD now that you can get online and practice at home ! Is really good ! It's on her twitter !! Xo
I'm back in La Porte for good. Get at me.
Miley never did a Twitcam and Miley's fans need it! Please, ask her. TwitcamMileyCyrus for TT!
We're currently only available in the US Appstore but will be opening up to more countries very soon :)
Paula Deen restaurant in my home town? Good, that place lost its southern charm when the Shoney's closed down 20 years ago
RT : #SQUIRTER OF THE YEAR GOES TO IN HER APPEARANCE :-) and
Or a guy crouched in the bushes drinking his own pee.
It's nurses day today and nurses week this week, RIP to my late mother and grandma who were nurses along with myself and my fellow nurses
If I wasn't home alone, I would whine until someone brought me a glass of water.
It's a small town in Minnesota
I love #thunderstorms and lightning, but not when I'm trying to sleep!
I roll with the pecan waffle and slab of country ham myself.
Good morning
"ive officially transmitted aids guys!"
I wanna go on a cruise
Pickup Line: I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then move up to your belly button.
There, I said it. Now time to make a change!
Has anyone ever been denied the right to be themselves? If so, please say how you were denied.
Where ya at, Paul?
and knows how to peel them back. No posing just exposing #authenticportraits BOOM!
Tolltaker on 400 just wished me a blessed sunday. Hey lady, u r sittin in a steel box on a hwy for 8 hrs/day. Save your prayers 4 yourself.
have u ever wondered why #boobs are so attractive..they are just big bags of fat...o well, i love those big bouncy bags of fat!!! m
Sad day for Beastie Boys fans, MCA dead at 48. =(
Hubby got early copy of Enchantment. Great! Neither mind ur focus on hockey. Go Dallas Stars and SJ Sharkies!
My stomach is seriously not happy with my decision to eat Chinese food on Cinco de Mayo.
I want to get henna on my hands. c:
I want to hear the term "monopoly on violence."
Sneaking out at 10 and coming home at 4 > Sleeping what !
Well I mean, almost all of my friends are virgins. But I've always got #MyOneVirginFriend that you can just tell hasn't gotten laid... LOL:)
This Is All Your Fault.
“To be entrusted with the teaching of the young is a great gift and grace of God.”
Are you kidding? 6 year old kid in a home made hot air balloon in Colorado! I bet the dad is in jail tonight!
They made all the girls quit twerkin' :(
Best Sales Company Ever | CustomerThink
Your a good dude. Everybody follow - One of our favorite bands to play with. (In the history of all bands. Ever.)
It's so beautiful out. C:
I'll be yer friend may 7th when I come home 😁
Wow. Nevermind. The classic
a song from the upcoming album is uploaded! together with the info on the project Equinox! check out MySpace!!!
1st off like to thank for giving me some followers
Why can't guys treat a girl with respect, obviously they are just not mature enough to keep a girl. Oh wait all of the are not mature.
Uh, certified baddie #TVD Go #TeamSalvatore!
All my exs live in texas like im george stright. Or they go to georgia state where tution is handled by some random nigga .
Okay I really need to go to bed now
Incomparable is a vast overstatement. But glad you thought the post worth talking about.
everytime u tweet im amazed at how random u r... Like u have a reset button on ur mind tht just jumps to a new topic? Haha
Officially addicted to #scandal. And weirdly makes me realize I'm going to miss DC.
“: lying on the kitchen floor crying because there is nothing good to eat.”
I love when I look at you and your already looking at me.
is Michelle going today?
I'm in! Lol
The age-old theory in warfare is that the best place to be is the high ground, from which you can see and attack your enemies.
i leave next week:P
can't wait to jump in the action with Food Truck Wars
he said his wife didn't know much until about April.
Okay if your making bad rumors about me then unfollow me cause 1.idc 2.your just an immature bitch :) 3.your to scared to come and confess
Random van ride home from wiz concert.
what other celebs
:) no biggie! Haha
In line for outside the show. Ah...LA.
How's business so far in 2012?
Happy Valentines Day everyone
New shop coming to you, Portland, OR..NW 5th and Couch..April 1st! (no foolin)
Dearest #fizzyfamily and , I'm so sorry I haven't been on in a while. BUT, I'm back now <3
We miss you too! ^dr
We are! Trying to increase #Facebook presence should be a shared goal of historic house museums
Ok will you take to be your lovely wedded wife to hold and to keep and to love and to have trust
thanks! Found him. :)
yeah, dude my dad listens to him
Listening to intros
mla wii..my spring break is soon..on doit de voir
omg change it!!! haaha xD but it kinda seems interesting
I don't have any feelings, my heart's paralyzed *
Buying tickets with my momma. Good luck to us !
I just wanna go home and listen to punk goes pop
Word on the street is that 1 of Spokane's finest #27 will be here for Cougar week in Spokane and might bring friends
Offense, defense, special teams, coaching. If they win 4 games I'd be shocked.
yes sir, I have to support my man though
MOTHER OF GOD. ALL FANFICTIONS ARE SCARY DO NOT READ ANYMORE
Goods morning everyone! Hope you all have a rockin Wednesday!
Brilliant observation!
tweet feed debuts on Thursday. Live tweets on ten at 10:00
Blowing out bday candles for Mick and Stanley today
so u aint following ya boi no more cuddie?
I can tell... haha
Beautiful day in Platteville for the Six Rivers Conference prep track and field meet at UW-Platteville.
My philosophy: The best negotiations are when both sides come away feeling like they have won.
that man is crazy with that snake
I need a Eurythmics cover of Harrison's Living in the Material World. Someone call Dave and , STAT.
Wow, I really really need a new computer.
In less than two weeks I will be having the moment I've been waiting for since I became a directioner.(:
If you think you're free, there's no escape possible. ~Ram Dass
I called it.
hahah o my unicorns
Glad you liked it.
Does it really rain as much in Seattle as the #TheKilling portrays it?
omg I love buckwheat pancakes too ! but waffles it is !
I choose quotes based on what is said rather than who says it most of the time. Nothing personal :)
you would be a saint if my faith permitted
yuk... With new covers they'll be hot commodities
Looking forward to taking my Honey to screening of movie "What to expect when you're expecting" on his Birthday.
Man my stomach hurts >.<
Need more tatts.!!!!!
I just started listening to 'Bossypants'--It's going to be a good day.
west la, could you have any less character?
Had an amazing time at #IFWF2012 congrats to , you guys did an unbelievable job !
cool, its a good look. I'm around though.
Then don't get on twitter for like an hour or more and go study. You have work to do. (I sound like a mother. Lol)
i cannot wait for PLL to start omg
Too many guys in fedoras..... The end
I'll be in the video(:
S/O to the Talking Heads
is paralyzed from eating a big plate of nachos
ha doo tags
Adopting the right #attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one - Hans Selye
Anyone wanna give me a shoutout? Hehe
": Reading on a rooftop :)"its a nice weather hear in cali dont ya think n nice that ur reading
I think it is closer to Following or Subscribing than Friending. Still trying to figure it out.
the #pr session was really helpful.
Grease is the word!
Jessie Tsai speaking on major transcription project of calligraphy diaries and how they made them accessible & relevant online.
“: S/O showing me love with the unfollow” haha same here
Your only cool if your
isn't narcissist/marxist-dandy preferable to straight up hypocrite? Economic Actions detached from marxist rhetoric :)
UGH, Google has finally taken away my ability to avoid their new Gmail design. :( I don't like it, I want my old Gmail back! :(
What are you doing?!
Alas, poor Scott Van Pelt, destined to be just another guy at tWWL. So be it.
best quarterback of the year.
#thingsyoudontsaybeforesex ...hang on baby, I gotta fart!
Thanks so much for following me!!(: <3
Not gonna lie, i'm totally jealous of everyone who got to stare at Tom Ford at the Terry Richardson opening tonight.
It's a Mayer Hawthorne kind of day...
Please also follow ! :-)
Im hungry but i wanna go to sleep
Wore purple today not even realizing it was #SpiritDay! Nice to know I'm supporting a good cause now!
I grab my own ass sometimes not realizing it so I def know what u mean:) ": I'm sexually harassing myself."
Also would like info about co.'s vision statement and annual report for 2010 to determine long term viability. Thanks.
sigh .. i want to go back to bed now
Did we ever get an answer re: badges?
Male extras still needed for a video shoot on Saturday morning in Chicago. Email the director for more info: .
“Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.” George Patton
Instead of the 5 second rule, I use more of a 5 person rule=Did less than 5 people see me pick up food from the ground & put it in my mouth?
It's the first day of spring! May I wear white now?
Life is all about relationships. Live with self-honesty, self-respect, self-love, and all your relationships will be a reflection of that.
We have great deals on online leads.
What a day... What a week... And it's gunna be a night
thanks for the mendeley info
yep. It's (nearly) the last thing that doesn't really come across. Maybe that's why it's so startling. :)
Thanks for ruining my mood 😠
Man, I'm windering who it was now. That is weird now that you said he was muggin all of us.
RT : Another Person shouldnt complete you, You Should complete Yourself!
Five quick takes: Recent wins strip lingering residue from Spurs’ losing streak
I have that info for you! Do you have an email address I can send it? I am about to head out for lunch soon, but can send after.
women jokes
SALE,SALE,SALE
“: let me hear another track !” What you wanna hear? :}
what's up you .. long time no see.. ill be in town soon .. let's link ..
Thanks for the follow Benjamin. Great to be connected.
just had too return on here
loves to laugh and feast
#glee Missed it so much!
How should you pay a contractor who is working on your home? Is a deposit necessary? How much is reasonable? EZ, I answer this in the book
“gawd, it smells like upsexy in here” "what the fuck is upsexy??" “nothing much, how about yourself? ;)”
Very welcome! Have a good one!.....wait. It's so nice out, why are we inside?
Thrilled to be at South County Economic Development Summit with two big Bills. Lockyer AND Walton in the same room.
Allegedly, there is a loose cobra in the Sheraton...#SXUGnewsjack I'm taking it home if I find it.
They all left ):
I'M GONNA TWEET REBECCA BLACK AND GET HER TO ANSWER ME LMFAO OK.
Which iPhone app do you use the most?
Your still loosing your baby teeth...your not in love, nor have you ever been in love.
That little ache in your heart as you're leaving for work is #love at work.
Where would you go for a last-minute not too fancy dinner in Richmond?
RT : You're a year older than me? you must be so experienced. tell me how Life was like back then
Life is shared with Struggle. Its up to you if its shared with failure or triumph
you be pop locking to classical music huh. Lol
Popcorn has more antioxidants than fruits and vegetables
Judging by my '90s wardrobe, I was chock-full of fear and did not have what it took to run with the Big Dogs.
": When ppl see me thy say i look mean. Naw bitch i dont play. .. Thats all"
and i think its gonna stay that way haha
I am almost irrationally frustrated by the fact that our clothes dryer is broken.
here it's so far so good, but worried about family further south in Kansas. They've had warnings & damage I'm hearing about.
you sure?
We should try and trend MAHOMIE 4 LIFE (: Who wants to help!? -Kayla
I love when Google Alerts lets me know that "Urban Village Church" showed up on the Urban Village Church web site.
It's better to cry than to be angry: Anger hurts others while tears flow silently thru the soul & cleanses the heart.
I'm excited for this summer yeah!!!
Richard Edelman arrives at the Atlanta office tomorrow. Excited to hear his insights.
Thank you jeremy!(:
maybe in SB it is. (X not in LA
Anyone know how to text directly from my phone, to my evernote? (No emailing involved)
welcome to my house party party
i followed you. please follow and for an instantfollow back
Good Morning!
<--- twitter crush <3 your the cutest and ur smile is beautiful
what u playing NBA ?
Murder,Forcible Rape,Robbery, and Aggravated assault
Monday Funday...Back to work!
When hitting it from the back, try sliding your thumb in her butt! If she let's you, just know that she'll do whatever U want her too & more
As an avatar it could offer a neat ambivalence: "One day I'm a crafty crow, the next day a tragically eviscerated bunny"
Palaver redirect in place. Apparently I just forgot to add that one. Sorry :(
If you look at my timeline you'll see the time I named a religious group, I used quotes. Otherwise I said "random wingnuts"
you better! :) I'm so excited to go!!!
Paper jam. Magenta is low. Only one worker. Outta diet dew in the machine.... just another night in Kinko's....
Today is going to be a great day. Because I said so.
How are you doing Chris? You are my favorite young actor. I look up to you and you inspire me. Please keep n touch. TTYL ;-)
and yeah, i just searched "one direction" in my gmail.
. Great seeing and meeting last night!
Are you thinking of me right now? Yeah.. I know you are...
Trash talked by many,hated by some.guess how many fucks I give ? It's less then one .... none son !!! I'm a stepper fool !!!
Back to the long ass schedule tomorrow (n)
how about you do my homework then?! lmaoooo
#PhiMA-Thanks for another great panel discussion-insight and examples of tangible social media marketing
I guess karma has arrived lol......
Happy Memorial Day week-end!
Please follow the BEAUTIFUL & TALENTED who did a FANTASTIC performance & looked amazing last night!!! :)
#FF In honor of mother's day, here a few great moms! and Happy Mother's Day
nothin much u
just wrote chuck at the marco island city council
no. You text me
Looks like Buster Posey is slated to be back behind the dish full time. Hector Sanchez lone backup catcher left on roster.
Having a thought-provoking conversation about technology and learning at the Acer complex in San Jose, CA.
I would so much rather listen to all the players mic'd up than Reggie Miller complain about the dunk contest all night
thanks for the follow! have you also followed us on facebook?
they totally just rocked my pants right off
working on an essay, then leading to listening to oldies on youtube. ???
Have you found having thousands of followers on Twitter has significantly translated to your book sales? Enjoy
LENNY KRAVITZ AS CINNA? WHAT THE ACTUAL ? *face palm*
Heading to #Schmooze PDX tonight. Hope to see familiar faces and meet a new ones :)
Nf Followback please, looking to network
hey justin ppl are calling you justin belieber
#SO to the dude blasting Miley's 'The Climb' next to me in Memorial. Nice change up from that Broadway garbage though...
Love Energy Savings are proud to work with E.ON as they will not... E.ON will not increase home energy their prices in 2012.The Queen has
I'll definitely be watching!
Jose Theodore. Freaking wall.
Didn't you graduate already??? lol
I have come here to chew bubble gum and kick ass... and I am all out of bubble gum.
hope things are going well for you!
Happy Birthday to You! Wishing you many more! Stay safe out there, too!
The majority of mom and pop business is owned by foreign investment within Black hoods. A threat the Nat. security. Obama is cool with this.
WHAT??? When were you going to tell me about this bish??
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. ~Thomas Carlyle
you can say that again
Ughh I really don't want to go to school tomorrow /:
Working on a Design proposal tonight. Any great resources/tips?
ugh bitch, wtf are u lukn at ! dam can i have my face back !
Duran Duran is probably a way better band than you remember. I have "Girls On Film" stuck in my head.
I love your birthday idea. I hope you'll share on twitter so I can RT the heck out of it. xoxo
My babysister likes to hold my hand even when she's sleeping c':
The game has been pushed back to tomorrow at 1pm (EST). The NCAA deemed the field unplayable due to snow.
You're welcome for the follow!
i'd think the bar name 'Heavy Fossils' would have been a clue!!! :)
Name that lil baby bentley
Happy Friday #FF and Best shows on MTV never a dull moment! Have a great weekend!
no that's such a bummer
A simply apology would have been nice but I guess that's too hard for people to do these days!
Tune into tonight at 9 CT for the Selection Show!
see.... can't be a fan of coupling up on the TV... mine always die.
The two I knew left journalism for, ahem, PR.
It's probably because of your affinity for crabs. RT I feel the most inspired when I'm near the ocean. I love the beach!
MT : Help a reporter out! Anybody know of research on what % of college students change their major at least once?
Tailgate Tuesday at Dan McGuiness in Nashville - tomorrow at 6pm sharp!
suspension of any and all scholarships!
and I am in lovely Saskatoon... who ordered all the rain?
Where am I going to live??? SERIOUSLY, WHERE?
and the holocaust? (just having a little fun with ya Brenna...watch Ghandi sometime, great movie fascinating man)
you should come to San Antonio for golfing great weather right now!
And DVDs too, depending on the church...mine also streams. Armchair A.M.E.
Approved - But you have been warned about the info for the last time. You sit in TimeOut, and think about what you did.
I know :-/ I'm getting tired of things I like getting cancelled.
#WeCantBeCoolif if you act different in front of other people
Grand Opening of REVOLUTION Saturdays Oct 1st Sounds by | Dinner Party at 9:30 to start off the night! Reservations
I need to go kiss my posters now... Okay no, I need to do homework. How can I do work like this? Ugh, I'll cop it tomorrow.
Even Javascript has a decent REPL!
#1DupAllNightToNumber1 live it,love it, TREND IT!
what, no lab today?
Eatin a delicious chocolate cake with chocolate syrup so yummy jae did her thang
Kyrie is ridiculous, enough said
mine was to get sutures removed. Blech!!
you never ask me!!
to the last stomping grounds
Dang, #oomf are too gorgeous!
but not at my home :(
The packers aren't that great they just find ways to win
Enjoy a #naturist discount getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
Helsinki isn't quite as nice in January. Then, neither is Portland.
I hope everything goes planned this weekend and i get to see so many faces I've missed.
Haha! I try putting my phone/purse in my trunk when I drive for safety. Even then it's difficult!
Unfortunately, yeah LOL. P has been the best nickname I have came up with for you in 3 years. I'll try & improve on that :P
but see I'm not so sure if "soul" should be devoid of color. It's a genre that emerged out a distinctly black movement.
aw look at my background!!! ITS SO CUTE!!!!!! -huggle kitty- mwah! i love u kitty i'd never steal from you!
yes come in Starkville
Flipping through the channels to find presenting her "crime scene on a plate" on Top Chef TX to Ms. Theron
did y'all win?
I have my first soccer game tonight and i am so nervous. \"
I saved you a seat!!!
I can make you glad you came.
Trader Joe's opening 2/12! it's only a mile from my house! I'm so excited!
"Police stopping cars, searching backpacks; public urged to carry on as normal." B/c normal of course is lots of traffic stops & searches.
Big John's Cajun Cheddar goes great with noodle soup.
*Wanted* Director of Cinematics for a European A Games Developer - contact .uk
Missed #Rothman in a better grip and grin spot on the aisle closest to the door
so sorry for your loss.
haha absolutely. It's a great idea
I think she can sing 'shoop shoop shit' and I still can feel it
I'm riding...the whole way...
THIRD CITIZEN. He says, for Brutus' sake, He finds himself beholding to us all.
Watching my alma mater #Lehigh playing #duke in the tourney. The engineers oops mountain hawks are in a 15-5 run. Thanks Moe!
Watchinng the I Love Lucy Marathon an theses OUTFITS ARE BANGIN!!!!!!
I was thinking of a Gulfstream mission but it might be not until Derby. It will be good to mix with an Eclipse Award winner
good good. Finished reading the #HungerGames working on the 2nd book now.
I was there earlier but left around 10:30am. Sorry!
obviously bro. It's a women talking about sports. A fucking goldfish knos more then them
What brings you joy?
Michael Fassbender: Sex Addict Role Toughest Yet But Stripping For Nude Scenes Was 'Embarrassing' | Showbiz News | Sky News
lol it's game time
I knew it was some site I really respected. Thanks!
This is awesome Yis! Congrats.
Last day of NEH DH Institute. Some great projects made in only 4 weeks using Scalar and Hypercities! I'm impressed and inspired.
See Kristen Stewart in NEW On The Road pictures
haha no, i wore clothing, but I think they are frowning upon my "Party On" shirt...oh well. Lots of learning, so far so good
haha you can have him instead of JakeeyP
The "Do you like this?" link above the sub-head is DISTURBING
Extremely dope Red Bull spot.
Last night I had a dream IN ALL CAPS...got to lay off the coffee late in the day!
Wrong sport, Ron Artest
Birds look like they're always walking around with their hands jammed into little raincoats.
hunny im an alcoholic i don't drink coffee...
im angry with them! And i refuse to support them until they change their evil ways!!
My Phone Fucked Up Again !
Lol! RT : Hey I'd like to thank your mama & daddy & praise Jesus for your fine self.
There's a lot to do I bet you'll love it !
I love her.
#Workaholics is a riot!
just the master bedroom
wtf did you just say lol
Happy Tuesday to you too! Do what you do best, whether that's your "job" or your own gig.
MT : BREAKING NEWS: Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announced retirement of Baltimore Police Commissioner Bealefeld
Only 540 shopping days left until the Mayan Apocalypse
MARK YOUR CALENDARS! TIA'S WILL BE ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS FOR THE 2012 SEASON BEGINNING TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 2012 10AM-4PM
driving home from Florida!!
Woozy Earth swaying like a drunk!
re-stocking the high school concession stand lol
Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life...
Back in the land of cheesesteaks and WRTI for only a couple days
Frankie's Nachos anyone? Freshly made tortilla chips, cheese, hot giardinera, and italian beef! Serving them starting tomorrow!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 54 to 59. Light winds.
Thanks man. Go Cats! RT : Takin my lunch n listening to on the radio
Had so much fun playing pool tonight! I'm gettin' bettah!
Beautifully said, David. Happy 2012!
preciate it fool
At the
It's definitely one of my fave places, too! And I love how it looks different every season.
My house is so hot -.-
Follow us on Twitter -
Plz follow me i have much to ask and tell you.
It's very unprofessional to discuss how much you got paid on certain projects. Especially if you're lying.
I'm having a good time in Seattle! Going to Folklife this afternoon. Tomorrow going to visit Keli's school.
Get rich or die tryin >> 8 Mile
Congratulations to Michigan State University Spartans men's basketball team for defeating the University of Michigan 64-54. Go
Trying not to be jealous of y'all. I grew up in Knoxville and remember class retreats at Tremont yrs ago
omg i kno0w!!!
My little sister singing round of applause >> hahaha
of course! hopefully we will cross paths on Wed when I return :)
We're working to create a page just for club and student orgs. on our ASUP site. Any ideas or thoughts that would be helpful? Let us know!
Chuckie!!!! we must hang when i return back to nyc! Hope all is well
Creating a test environment with correctly formatted and safe data will be critical for
golden rule
Off to Tubac for Spices - 2011 should be a zinger of a year. Time to get ready.
Goodnight #SteveRivers. Thanks for mentoring, thanks for challenging us. We'll keep playing the hits.
Waitingfor show to kick things off....
Austin. Is amazing.:)
RT : I'll bet if roaches looked like tiny polar bears, we wouldn't be so quick to stomp on them.
Just mean it wasn't actually you, in the flesh, but some tags
yay! So glad you liked it!
cause I'm coming home, maybe we could start again
Will you ever grow up?
Right now in North Carolina there's a married man explaining to his mistress how proud he is for defending traditional marriage.
Doooood I need a chill pill
yes ma'am
Thanks dude!
Draft week! Are you following me, Mr. Thompson? We need more offensive lineman to protect #12 – bigger, faster, tougher and meaner!
Thank you, we look forward to reading more.
Thanks Matt!! Have a great weekend.. I know after this one I'll be having a tiny celebration things are back to normal!
It's raining terrible outside, Florida weather so unpredictable. It was bright and sunny one moment and now dark and rainy.
It's gotten to the point where fashion students unknowingly take internships with individuals who treat them badly and have no real clout.
Lets go
I was wondering why he was wearing heels!
Just bought Janet Jackson book "True You" can't wait to read it. My girl Janet rocks always.
WHAT ARE YOU? Your body condition is based on 80% what you eat and 20% exercise. What foods do you represent? a) firm, nutrient dense, brig…
Not surprising that some coaches and kids get into relationships. More tomorrow on Portland's morning news !
Don't forget 6/18 with Weatherbox, You Me and Everyone We Know, and Children of Nova at Epicentre! All ages and just $10 pre! Doors at 7
To the World, you might be one person; But to one person you might mean the World ;)
That's really the challenge, isn't it? To keep learning yourself while you are helping others learn!
Hi there, I just noticed your Tweet and would like to help. Please email us at: Thanks - Andy
I just made my uncle ask in McDonald's if they had breakfast at this time... The guy just laughed at him.. & it was my brothers friend lol
I put bars before everything!!
Best Bites Blog : Food Truck Stops: October 12
": : Pickled radishes with butter?" // salted butter....m
Today I met a 7-pound blonde who took my breath away.
haha that's funny, I could picture you doing that :p
Victim alleges her father, Ut, bound her w/string during intercourse. Intercourse was only defined as "touching" of parts by victim.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM!!! I LOVE YOU! WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A GREAT DAY TODAY!=)
U no how that is!
I do suicides on the private jet.. u know what that means? I'm fly to death!
Wearing my "Change The World" t-shirt is SO empowering. Let's have a great Saturday night people. No contact, good sportsmanship.
RT : #JMacUp is a combination of 3 awesome things – Jesse McCartney, his song “Up”, and it’s for the Step Up 3D movie
I know like ur pussy hasnt had a dick in it since March. #TheFacts (And yet u mad ay me for offering to help)
is that the song from old school?? Or sampled from that song?
#IwantSomebody that can and will handle me at my worst
I know i remember i was so upset! she is the best thing that could have happend to me, she is wonderful! imu too :)
RT Open until 12am. Come on in. We have chocolate tres leches cake tonight!
Congratulations on your bro-est tweet ever. This might be the best game the Knicks have played THIS DECADE.
looking forward to night tonight w/my girls
Only a week until #YAL National Convention!!! Can't wait!
Red or Grape Kool Aid??..
Of course! :) RT Would you two mind giving your support to ? =)
They dont realize what they have.
How are u feeling?
How hard is it to find SANDSTONE?
Slap me in the tush... I am trending..eat it Seth. Stefon is a household name now. Makes you wanna say WHAT?
if Herman Cain tried to pass PMP exam, he'd fail - no planning whatsoever
In case you didn't hear, I'm breaking out the old school jersey again tomorrow. Worked last time!!!
K, This quote has me stumped.
I'm going to need Adam Sandler and SJP to consult with me before they make the same (stupid) films one more time.
Well, me, apparently. At least according to Klout. Here, #turkey, #turkey,
who all is going to our show on saturday? We can't wait!
Watching the got a little more exciting as is punching his time card and going to work.
Headaches for sale!!
Give me good brain until you feel dumb .
Always sad when i find out friends get divorced, but also relieved that it's not my feeding the statistic- does that make me a bad person?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers. Lows in the lower 60s.
3 more hours:P
the Skittles denote childhood innocence taken away.
I met Aaron from Ghost Adventures :)) fun day!
#confession people always leave me after they get to know me.
SLOW:-( I don't think we've had a single new customer all day! Sad last week of the month! :-(
Going back to sleep and saying the alarm never went off.
i'm feeling a little tired still i'm going to see if i can go and take a nap. this day is going too slow for me.
17 more "LIKES" needed. I lost one! my wife is sad :(
And don't forget the cake-eaters!
Hi! Your publish rocks and is often a very good understand!
I haven't thought about it. Any ideas on what genre I should do (electro, post-dub)? figured one Zizek song was pretentious enough
(1) ability to Show Up for others even when personal life is in shambles
new profile pic plus background change. your thoughts?
...because usually they are more interesting than what most people tweet about in general (myself included).
Are you a Massage Therapist or do you get a lot of massages? We're talking massage etiquette after 7am. It's your turn to chime in!
BIG SEAN IS IN THE BUILDING @ PLAYHOUSE!!!!
This and that bout such and such, damn where is the fucking trust?
Fertility Methods Raise Risk of Birth Defects
RT : RT : Share the Love, Share the Harvest -- join us make fresh, organic, locally grown fruit & vegetables.
(cc ) Thanks for w00ting - we're pretty thrilled about #RaceAftertheInternet, too!
RU a betting man? Let's make it interesting!
lock switch stopped working and the USB connector shaky.Sadly they won't have a droid 1 in stock to replace it. Droid2Global!
Double!! RT : OK, the Twitterverse gets the hint, just landed double the keg brews Come see us!
mikey can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
Idk how people come on twitter and share their personal life then get mad when people are in their business.
Its my birfday!!!
Why? You watching the premiere of The Walking Dead? It's a funny thing you wrote.
This sucks
We like to keep people guessing ;)
RT :Ask yourself,shld U spend all yr precious time stdying,researching & meditating on the "What" w/out having a plan 4 the "WHO?"
your not even up uptown then been chase you outta northview lame as stunting nigga
BSU beat the spread..
Bye bye, #Flyers!
aww alex.i love you too this tweet about me is so cute.XThank you.;)
Throw it down Quincy acy
GOTTA LOSE ONE MORE TO THE #ROYALS FIRST.
In a loving relationship we not only offer each other love, but we also teach each other to love ourselves. We grow a bond when growing love
RT : Submitted my orders 2b the #AirForce honor guardsman at the ! So proud 2 represent all Airmen & the !
Okay . & Belks Or Target .
Big thanks to Mark Fabiani, Carrie McGonigle, Bill Lansdowne + Dennis Morgigno for leading last night's forum. Miss it? See
Hi J-LD Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#LasTimeIChecked I only have one mom and one dad, quit treating me like I'm your kid
You have to follow and now that you're a fan. Also you should subscribe. :)
#dhtrial more laughter from jury room where nic is. Judge still with levine d. Atty in chambers.
This is true, but sometimes Boudreaux looks at me like he'd slay me in a heartbeat.
A whole week? It's gotta be better than that...! :)
thank you so much! :D
The Indiana County Fair has been chosen by the Indiana County Tourist Bureau as "Indiana County Ambassador of the Year for 2009"
Getting ready for tonight!!!
What a great day!!! Jesus I Love You
follow my personal account too i havent used it in a minute but im going to get back on it
ohh yeah. first good night sleep in a while.
...STACEY A. PETERSON wonders if she made the right move in coming here...
I've been revising Dan Deacon's 'Bromst' the last few days. I don't think I appreciated it enough upon it's initial release. Good album.
Pennsylvania is. one. long. state.
deflating prices by tacking on fees is deceptive and bad for customers. Could have had a loyal customer instead of just $400
The Mortgage Bankers Association was quick to respond to a suggestion in draft proposal from the Cost-Cutting Commission.
Can't wait to hear! RT : Love of and their wacky and very effective PR stunt! Great case study!
Six point lead with 74 seconds to go. C'mon #Buckeyes!
Back in the ATX sippin' on a margarita w/Daniel & Myrna at Curra's. Where else?
Print this coupon & receive $5.00 off any one unit blown or delivered and dumped www.rosecitycoupons.com/merchants/barkblowers/coupon.htm
you were in vegas? Ohmygawd I live in vegas. Lol. I'm hella late.
I'm in my zone
i always try to eat crunchy food in awkward silent moments,so there is "white noise" in the background
Tired of Turkey? try a special blend,big, juicy Steer In signature burger w/ homemade onion rings and hand dipped shake. FREE delivery
All the money in the world couldnt make me happy
Awesome video!
The shout out is well deserved. Love the painted skull in the front window. Great touch!
I always love Austin's tweets, they have so much wisdom behind them, and they've actually helped me.
Kieran is now responding with yeses and nos. His SLP momma is so, so proud. (with Robbin)
this is the most perfect weather. wish it was like this all year-round.
thanks for the RT and happy Friday!
Playoffs tonight!
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God Matthew 5 v 8
thx for mention, hi!
I gotta warm up to you Shea dont know u dude but im getting Clay Matthews visions slowly
I can't wait until our tinychat tomorrow
Alex Pickert set to check in here for the Pioneers
Visiting our Bloody Mary & Bellini bar should be #1 on your list of resolutions. We're open for brunch & will have normal dinner hours.
Interesting meeting about Young Writers and Family Writers programs with #NVWP tonight. They are amazing programs run by great folks.
Ooh, I have 2! I think told us what to do with them once but I forgot so they're just sitting on a bookshelf.
Best thing I learned
I'm thankful for life, love, family and you...
Open to the unfolding of it all.
that looks like a winter glove too!
That being said, if you stop using the microwave in the middle of a timed cook, please hit the clear button so I don't have to.
They need to keep and have him learn under Manning for the future!
Summer is over but you can still SELL your house for FULL price on our Lease Purchase Program! NO fees or costs! columbusleasetobuy.com.
penfield high... Mr Shay. He was the real deal in my opinion.
what is your user name on words? We can play together if you want. Mine is Diggsgarr. COME LOSE TO ME!!!! lol
you should save one of those for me so i can put you guys on my wall :)
loll hope you get a chance with him!<3
Linsanity taking over the world
you should have your own show on tbs
“: Steven Soderbergh's 'Magic Mike' gets a release date from Warner Bros. and will open June 29, 2012. #movies”
you two are too cute!!
Pacers in another fight, what a dirty franchise
I hate these braces ... I just wanna pull my teeth out >:/
Sex sells. Always has, always will.
you welcome
That's great! So happy that you're webcasting with us!
/ We LOVE your enthusiasm, Jesús! And you can get even MORE BUZ by starting a real dialogue with the card targets.
have some after your "run" as well to replenish glycogen stores.
Follow me on instagram:
Hey Neil, where in Europe are you? Guess it doesn't matter. I'd rather be there than here. Hope it's for fun.
r u followin me:-)
About 2 miles from where we got married
lol, all in good fun, we're just jealous of boston's fancy new HQ :p
That's a really expensive cat stroller, but I say go for it!
Most people listen to calm music when they are angry to settle their nerves. I listen to to make everything better.
U going to SESAC S.T.R.I.P tonight
If he has no intention of ever owning a truck, let him go.
I work and go to school,,, and talk to this broke nigga not winning,,,
that DP is a bad ass. I believe he is Darius Khonji's nephew. Great video by Gavras as always.
Harrison Schutz, Occupy spokesman on Hannity, said NYPD sent rapists to Zuccotti Park
the OS isn't as snappy as I thought it would be on 2 cores. In terms of hardware, it's really nice...
Who else was disappointed in the Baltimore City election? Something just wasn't right...
Caller 9 when you hear 1d, no trivia
always makes me smile no matter what! :D Logan<3 Kendall<3 Carlos<3 James<3
We don't get to see lunar eclipse here much from all the smog hehehe! It does sound nice though :)
Yes, fixed a lot with patches. Was running a water-cooled xfire machine oc and ran like crap still. Wasnt ready for launch.
For all who celebrate – Happy Hanukkah!
Ready to go home &&d go to sleep!
Byebye Illinois. See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya!
The artist was and the song was "Yokohama Cafe" ^_^
Rooting for - I think the only one I'd actually watch.
Nightlife at Because the Pacific octopus is nocturnal, she sometimes comes out to play Thursday nights. Crossing my fingers!
can't wait!
Hope everyone is having a great day!
#ilovewhen she lays on her stomach while suckin my dick as I rub, massage and smack that assplease retweet
"Courtesy is only a thin veneer on the general selfishness.
Whaat forgot about Hollywood Bowl traffic! In your face LA! ": Oh joy it's season. #trafficsucks #barhamisabitch”
Time to get training for the holidays! Normal ipods can't handle the sweat. Waterfi's Can!! Use coupon code "sweatproof" saves you $12.
Three oclock is always too early or too late for anything you want to do. ~ Jean Paul Sartre
Thank you Sean!! RT : bringing back quality to MIA is
I believe I am too. I have to wait and find out though, but.. If I do go, we definatly have to get together!
Heading to tonight to sample their new happy hour!
I really have no one.
Yes. Word is still the king of word processors. For now.
Another DAY ! ANOTHER DOLLAR !!
I need out of this damn place!!!! I can't take much more of this shit!!!!
I love all those things but I'm getting sushi haha
if there is something, likely can be handled with a minor refactor, its a small codebase
Selling Discount Business Cards in the Tucson Area
I'd love to have someone to cuddle with in bed right now.
Heading to the border after lunch ... Going back home ... Canada
lmao!! They are always touching someone! Hope you have a good and safe flight.
Ahh...nothing like a long day sitting on the plane not going anywhere.
How do you be with someone who wishes they never met you
& headed to Africa to drink beer w/ at #wsop Africa. I'm watching Fresh Beat Band on nickjr
Changed my PW once again. I hope that this is enough now to keep my account from being hacked into again. Missed you guys, take care!
as a former Portland resident, I approve.
And to add to the bandwagon #EdCampBmore is coming in the fall!
hmm , prefer to be singe than attached ! , sighh
Protecting my tweets for lil bit . Heard it keeps spam away .
dude how is it!?
Can it just rain so hard one day that school gets canceled? Instead of snow it's rain and the school gets so flooded that we go home
. absolutely killed it tonight.
Aw, thanks!
the coffer holds
ok get them then
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Definitely in love with
What does your tattoo say ?
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 6PM | HBO Latino Get real rewards just for watching TV.
that was exactly what I did! Love you!!!
Forget about the price tag
Emerson talking about the importance of going out to communities who are marginalized & hearing them, on their own turf.
There's a lot going on at www.myqueenbquilts.com. Have you seen it lately?!
has a wine fridge full of 750s
otw to Mississippi for Austin's release party...
nah too bad
They call me energizer, cause I'm never stopping.
RT : We are fans of your outstanding cookbook #Plenty, and anticipating your new --upcoming one
Thanks man.
In light of , perhaps we give a break. Brilliant, visionary musician is #winning over middling former sitcom actor
too bad i didnt get to see ya. i miss you so. enjoy SXSW!
Hey, I saw you retweeted my Graeber interview. You may be interested in another post I recently made:
Please tell me this is sarcasm.
Arnie is tougher than nails and will be just fine. Somebody should check Tim Finchem's BP, however. He's gotta be on a Tiger high.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when people lie for no reason!
Oh really? :) Cute!
Keep your eyes.. Open.. (:
Got a credit card hijacked. We think we caught it before the thieves did too much damage.
minis are flying off the belt at University Village. Looks like we might need to carry them at other stores soon.
its not power loser
Two wells could give two villages fresh water for years; don't apologize! Applied to any colleges yet?
What a very boring day
Good morning Do you like to be scratched behind the ears?
If they get too lippy, punch 'em in the mouth (jk)---better yet! Throw ice cubes at 'em...go VIKES! Skol! #vikings, #packers,
Thank you! (and thanks for the RT :-) How's your dissertation going?
can't wait till the18th is coming to indiana for the #WelcomeToParadise tour super pumped!!!
I don't get everyone's "disappointment". The guts of the 4s (everything from the baseband processor, CPU, Camera, Graphics chips....are new.
"By helping each other with your troubles, you truly obey the Law of Christ."-Gal. 6:2, Have a Wonderful Day, you guys!
Let's go half on a baby girl?
Dinner and a movie tonight.
What? Neither did I. Between us, I don't think undergrads could handle the amount of work we do.
Luck is finding a shiny penny face side up on the sidewalk. A good day is finding a crisp new $20. I'm having a good day.
Importance of being able to reach people: original program participants didn't have email at the time (1994!).
Just signed up Tawanna Thai on Wilshire!
I recommend The Vow bro, u will like man. Right up your alley
“: Drew is here from Breckenridge! Stop out and try some fantastic beers from Colorado. 5pm to 7pm”
I am booked up w/client meetings in Northern Cali this week, but am following tweets like a fiend. #MW2012 You there?!
my live feed stops randomly and then I have to restart. Annoying for the VoD, I watched those on TSN instead.
The Sloan Summit on open access put on by the Boston Library Consortium yesterday & today: a rousing success. Thanks, folks.
COME TO CALI!!!!!! I need to see you<33 Or I might die
A very happy birthday, to my brother Jason Pascoe. He's a great guy.
people that blame diabetes on capitalist food production.
Funny thing about this Kony thing. I made a song about chile rebel soldiers a year ago. I guess now would be the time to record it
Considering most people didn't think it would get past episode 13, I kind of see the whole series as a quirky, ridiculous gift.
Newscasters in #Lubbock turn up the fear factor for a passing
Second Hand Rose in Buffalo is filled with #antique and #junking treasures! Come see us Saturday!
Thanks to for a yummy KW chili lunch on #Larchmont!
he's a fool. Proves it every time he opens his mouth.
Tuesday was spectacular! Thanks to all who joined us to make this the best Arts & Eats for Justice Gala yet! A big thanks to !
If u are taking a picture of someone else on the street, we'll wait of course but don't be rude and take forever. Take the g-d photo already
Live SINGLE CHEF show at 6PM tonight Pacific. I'll be whipping up Salmon in wine, herb butter and cream sauce! Link is www.theroomlive.com
Crazy wind today. I can't help but wonder how the tiny dogs fare in this weather. Wouldn't they just blow away like tumbleweed?
aw thank you :))
Thanks so much! And thanks for the email the other day, too. Can't wait to see you!
Sorry to be missing it (I was drawn towards Rise or Demise of the Public?). Would be curious to learn more, however
Smile..its Universal:):)
RT : Followers in #Aruba can get 25% off indoor spa treatments tomorrow - Sunday in celebration of Social Media Day! Mention...
#LIVEfrombehind watching in Menomonee Falls WI, with 10 of my new best friends.
for sure! I am in LA until Tuesday.
bout too chill
Things are busy at #BlueRock. It is always a good day when 3 #edit suites are busy.
wait stop... what you know about krump lol
... a single set of integrated search results - InfoDesk
noted. Thanks sir!
now into background for Comp. Plan.
Dear Admin, Health class is looking at sexuality. Sorry for the creepy google searches.
Figures show that Miami-Dade public transportation use has grown 5.9% in the past year. Hop off at Government Center station to visit us!
<<<Your UFO is almost ready! Just adding the shape shifting device and I threw in a bar and a stripper pole as a bonus! ZOOM
Hey. Are you playing this weekend?
THANK YOU TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS. YOU HAVE NO IDEA!
Bitches cant find they man cuz I ride it good.
I am so done with this week already.
thanks for #ff..damn yankees ..still love them!
Automatic Doors Make me feel like a JEDI!!
Brandon Ashley for MVP great game. Future wildcat. Can't wait..
I hate when you dry on a dress or skirt after washing it to find it shrunk about 3 inches😠
So caught a case of the black death. I'll be covering for him tonight at The Baltimore House on Curry Hollow Rd. See yinz there!
Rolling over on my yearbook, which has sharp corners resulted in me sounding like i had a form of tourettes. did move..
!watch television
Very true. At least in my case two are not full time and I'm not pretending they are. I've seen ones like you were mocking. ;)
Now I want chocolate! I asked for a chocolate banana at Braum's this week, & the guy chuckled. Pervert!
"All I really need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt!" ~ Lucy Van Pelt
you got my numbaaa, that isnt a convo for twitter
yeah, and people were singing along, but wasn't loud, strange song choice. Maybe cause theyre low in the standings right now?
- welcome to twitter!
we get great feedback on all the worth bats, as well as the z1000. I don't think you'll go wrong either way!
“I need, therefore I imagine.” - Carlos Fuentes
Rondo is a bum! He can't average a triple double every game?!
RT : #lrnchat Q5 Read the instruction manual from back to front?
Feeling like a bum while all my friends move my stuff. I have amazing friends, but
aha okok. Oh that'd be cool 8) I'm down! Lol
