Glorious massage! I can move again! Thanks
Beyonce Launches New Website Packed With Personal Pics ...
D: sad face.
well you won't talk, won't look, won't think of me. i'm the epitome of public enemy. why you wanna go and do me like that?
Tomorrow game at noon!!!! GO CATs
Noah's Flood II shooting outside my window tonight.
Public school art teacher addresses her context: needs structure for wkg with science teacher. *How* to do it?
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Thanks I'm in Vegas now RT : sorry you could not make the coffee social..you guys were missed.
You're welcome, Josh. And congratulations on your family!
Gradventure tomorrow ! Ah
Hello new followers!
THANKS TO CustomizedGirl.com 4 donating our t-shirts 4 THE WALK FOR AUTISM!I've used them before & the products r FANTASTIC!
I ordered a Dos Equis in a Rehoboth Beach bar ... NO DICE !!! How is this "Most Interesting Man" gonna survive? Stay thirsty my friend ...
If the FBI breaks your door down do they have to pay for it?
Visit me? I miss you.
'Your success in the competition game depends on your ability to provide original & beneficial services to your target market'
I love my job.
i always cringe when the violins start playing on full house when they are about to have a "aw" moment. baha
#empowering myself as a woman by studying the real housewives of orange county.
Too ready to take a vacation & add a couple of stamps to my passport!!!
#libraryschool quotes "the fate of the entire world depends on you!" possibly my favorite lol
bars son straight bars lol
yo dude, we got an event at leaders tomorrow from 6-9. Come through!
UPDATE: The earlier semi truck rollover accident on US-151 NB at I-90/I-94 WB is CLEARED. All lanes are now open.
RT So tonight I'll stay home and miss you more than you'll ever know.
aww thank you! Lincoln and 10/11 viewers were great to me:)
You better get your a** out on the street because we have holes to fill, and I don't mean your holes.
School Orientation: Jan9 1st day of class: Jan11 1st day of work: Jan12 Verizon center Orientation: Jan13 Do I have a place to live? Nope.
Gearing up for #HorrorHound in Columbus, Ohio next weekend! Too excited!
need power to see steelers game
- Well-said, Callan!
God Morning San Diego! Mangia Mangia Mobile will serve lunch today @ 10070 Barnes Canyon road from 11:30 to 1...ish
What type of cookies are you planning to make for the holidays?
You didn't say how you were getting one. With all that cash you could just buy a trophy and call it your own.
On the #NBAPlayoffs front, Memphis Grizzlies looking for force Game7 vs #LAClippers. Grizz lead by 6 its, less than a minute left in 4thQ
i tried to tweet a lot... i cant do it... i got things to do
Empty The Fridge Night for dinner was a hit...used all of the random leftovers: hot dogs, spicy stewed tomatoes, rice, broccoli, chicken...
it's a long story filled with lots of nights of me crying.. You know what you did
The Packers Bytch is back...Wassup everyone ?
Damnit Jannie! Saying it with fervor and a crappy attitude doesn't make it sincere!
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 5
are you selling toys there or is it a party favor?
Chris Virginia Elite and Elite Showcase Basketball Classic saw the program about your career on ESPN.
Somewhat of a act for English but it's an ap exam
Hipster.d
We will be open for business this Sunday only 11/13 for all you sushi lovers out there! 6pm-10pm
You got the job?? RT :
Thanks for the #FF! lets keep it coming! If you follow me, I'll follow you back!
ROYALS GAME Battas up
#beforetwitter I could have cared less about any celebrities. Now I stalk them. What a loser!
I'm finally able to stream you after so long.. So le's get it on...
WHO WANT THE 100TH TWEET?
tracer rounds?
really?! Thanks dude!!
gotta turn my alerts on ha!
We hope the Posture Shirt makes a difference for you! Let us know what you think.
Do you think they have enough antenna's on this roof? < Nah, try Bklyn circa 79'. Back then u might find a body up there too!
Big thanks to all that came out and Todd 4 hosting!
"I gotta fight every night to prove my love"
I read Amy Beth Cupp's blog posts and read through a few others too. Love seeing your discoveries! Thanks for sharing. xox
'Teen Mom' Amber Portwood -- Ordered to Pay Up After Mooching Off Poor People
There is one clause in NATO that has a lot of meat: Article 5: "Attack on one is an attack on all"
Twitter is like a really good outlet to vent ur feeling
It's amazing how one song can bring back so many memories </3
Depends on size of humidor. I use a jar of crystals,, small oasis and 2 pillows for a 4 drawer humidor. Get 68% consistently
Wow Bynum has 23 pts & 6 rebs at the half. His game is definitely maturing.
I know how nervous I was the first time my son was with another person without me. I had to trust them and him. It was fine.
Hello Chicago! Let's have a good day.
TODAY Was Crckngg , ;)
AAHHH, I'm sorry I missed you, but again thanks so much for the love. We had a great time! Talk soon, bro.
hahaha!! That's an awesome picture for a Friday morning! You're a fun dad :)
about time !!
Deadline time! Looks like I will be getting little to no sleep tonight!!
i don't really fuck with childish gambino but i fuck with that we not them jawnt.
RT : If pepper spray is a food product, Taco Bell is practically an arms dealer.
The Jam stopped by the Stampede. Final score 96-80
almost 700 likes! :D
There's enough actual crime happening around here, no need to fake one. Ridiculous.
Bringing Mam on a shopping spree for her birthday!
Tiny Twitter fact No. 1,239: Being sick is responsible for many
School administrators and teachers- we want to hear from you! What programs have you seen that you think would benefit your school?
Well worked on the website a little. But now back to finishing more painting work.
i can make u laugh
Love it RT : Flights booked for Miami this weekend. Ready for Game 7.
It's started to rain, dad's on the roof, and there's a double rainbow. Now to make a new snack!
Rt if today is one of those days that you really don't feel like doing a damn thing including not wanting to go to work
Oh, taking another shot at "Hallelujah"? Third time's the charm, I'm sure
an aspiring "leader" of the free world spewing ignorance and hatred that the un fights against abroad. Despicable!
I see. I'm sorry.
Less than 10 days until I fly to Malaysia! Any suggestions on what to see while I'm there?
it's true. they had me at
#thatawkwardmoment when your watching the news and they say twinkies are going extinct.
agreed! Worked for BA and others which I loved but changed my perspective on the game.
restaurant ...u interested in partnership? ?
shaq beat his ass lol first day they met
hey!! Can you make me a Debby background!!! Thanks!!! :)
thank you!! And no way! Your voice is amazing! Never stop. Ever! you are my inspiration! ;)
why does it look like that guy is posing ?
yea church boy
I believe you. LMAO : What I look for in a relationship is how to ruin it. RT
We now have Butter Pecan froyo! Come try some today!
yup I will bo prob Bffl
Also comedy coming soon
aww I feel so special :-)
yes sir! your music is wonderful!
some deserve to
In honor of #MusicMonday, we'd like to hear what bands you want to see us work with this year. Who are your favorites?
I wish this train come already...my bed is calling me!
I want to work with Victoria's Secret so bad! One day :)
young today, old as a railroad tomorrow
Only if YOU come!
glad we could share the love! :)
- saw them perform "AoE" on the #CoachellaLive '11 webcast & was floored. That, Bloodbuzz & Lemonworld are so solid together.
The only time i'm called Samantha is when i'm in trouble.
I got 99 problems, and they all bitches.
Best new follower
I wish I could meet and take silly pictures with him <3
Schools demand backhanders - New Zealand Herald
Been thinking about a few of the NT passages which show the authors were not the 'holy' men that they made believers think they were.
You should have kept Wallace in the game. At least finish the drive Colt was still asleep Colt wrecks the Browns
Ribbon takes a couple of weeks to get used to but people generally like the change after that.
If you have an #instagram , tweet me your username & I'll follow, (:
Before I die, I would want to see a white alligator since they "so-called" exist ..
maybe you can dm me there now bbz?(; I think your right tho:L
lool I finished my self portrait at like 6 and then I took a shower and sat upstairs drawing and I come down rn in pjs and Julia
YUM! I say sugar!
hey there guy...
I really love Jose a lot me and my family done a lot for him that's y I got him a promise ring when we got together
Boo. I was finally forced into new #gmail. Don't like the look.
Got to get used to it. But its definatly worth it
Late night acting submissions....now time for my beauty sleep! Night world! :)
hah yea it kind of does for me too
Hard to wake up this morning. Time for some V-8 juice and some java. Here we go! Life is happening right now.
When will work end? I just want to go home and play #rift :(
Vok Beverages has acquired premium South Australian winery, Step Rd, along with several associated wine brands.
Chris from MIWs voice still seems to amaze me sometimes. but it's a good thing(:
Tonight and 10pm a Its gonna be a paaaartttayyy!!!!!
I hope he be ok !
When I was 18 I was done maturing
I am so bored wht to do on a saturday any suggestions????
We're sorry, we had them! We didn't want to be rude and intrude and ask:(
what size u wear?
Thank you Marc! Loving the Rangers right now!
Hard to say but I think he'll get traded! It's been real brotha! RT : Peyton to the Broncos.....what about Tebow?!
no mud chalk? :)
If I had a monkey,,,,I would teach him to be president of the United States. He definitely wouldn't do worse!
someone playing tricks on you! Practicing for #AprilFools Drums up some good ideas...
not being able to concentrate!! :(
Do you have a link handy ?
I love Twitter more than Facebook cause I can update my status every 5 minutes without people thinking I'm crazy.
"... 'we need 2 do something different. And not because it's science, it was because Jad thought ... - Wheeler
Just had a surprise business meeting. Random ways people get connected never fails to amaze me.
Really wish I hadn't seen that.
You're such a fuckass.
With pleasure!
LOL *hides boots and puts on flip flops*
Kale chips! We make it all the time.
do you think it is unfounded? Is Pinterest the same as Tumblr?
"Our lucky day!" *trips*
Good looking!
morning wood.
Going for a new Ipod today!! Wish me luck ;)
I'll be fine on my own
thank u tee
Im sure the #Grammys are in a frenzy today over Whiteys passing.
Hm pool party Friday think I need to go hit this gym make sure I'm lookin right lol
And even then it was no landslide. RT Bachmann's victory was the most expensive in the country.
I'm hopped up on sinus meds and I have a HS kid shadowing me today. Pretty sure I sound like an idiot.
Kind of surprising, but whoever thought #Whitney was going to make it to the ripe old age of 50 was fooling themselves.
nah I'm fuckn wit ya
its the "first day of spring" in tucson and it snowed . . .
Holy shit!! Dave Brewer (Co-DP on INSIDIOUS) will be DP on my next flick THE IMPERSONATORS!! #letsmakeamovie!!
Will do!
: Washington and Jefferson college in the PA?
The Bookworm drink at Hyatt
Relationships are beautiful.Love & cherish the people in your life, give respect & earn their respect.If issues arise work toward a solution
so I take it I'm not dropping mine off? Lol haha
I'm waiting for Commissioner Gordon to put up that "Nancy Grace" signal!
and maybe grabbing some extra napkins and silverware and water...
So annoying when someone's telling a boring story so you have to pretend you're listening while sneak-writing this tweet.
Had a client ask the other day about setting up a mobile app for his firm. Checked Google Analytics & 10% of their traffic was from PDA's.
Thinks it's time to get comfy and call it a night
Who the fuck sells roofies? Like, why would you sell those?
3 hours and 20 mins of financial accounting at dade. Thank God for Tanya being in this class !
Osctavia Spenser takes the #Oscar. Great win!
Making up for loss time
RT BREAKING- Multiple Police agencies at home of reputed mobster in CT linked to Gardner Museum heist.
#Fact Both of my older brothers didn't learn my name Til a month later after i was born
make up what
two batches of homemade biscotti and a dozen cupcakes later..wrapping some presents and cleaning up!
I live in fl and have no idea. It feels surreal ...
": Hi Anne, thanks for the RT!"Thx ladies--happy Monday! :)
i think you do!(;
I have been goin around spreading the news about and ppl actually listened to me, it seems like they want to help!
Smarthistory is proud to be part of v 2 of #GoogleArtProject - launched today-congrats to brilliant team that made it happen!
lesson learned many times over. Thanks for the reminder.
He is wonderfully and beautifully made, isn't he? And a marvel to look at!
without my parents there would be no dewdrop.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 4
Why you calling yourself BARBIE and you look like KEN?
but the new bar in center and the new monument park and....
Rediscovering tea. On a warm morning like this, it's a very good thing.
its the right earbud the left earbud has to work for the crips
All Star numbers for Kyle Lowry triple double! Rockets win streak continues. McHale has got these guys playing well
not sometime, but most of the time .
can you hear when i say, 'i have never felt this way'?
Gotcha. What about tonight or tomorrow night?
great team win my man! keep working hard and keep shooting the basketball like we all know you can
Corde and Cordell's party last nigght was bomb! Ohh gosh, Snoop was crazy (:
Good morning gorgeous :)
That's made my day :) RT : my pleasure. I think your work is stunning!
MiNES HAS BEEN W0NDERFUL, iM REALLY ENJ0YiNG LA RiGHT N0W.
SUNDAY FUN DAY @ Twisted:0) Brunch and 2-4-1 Bloody Mary's
Awesome, Thanks... I'll be waiting ;)
You`re great! Thank you!
Bloggers/Reviewers/Interviewers Extraordinaire!
- the scene from 'Redneck' in which I did the 'pyrotechnics' that also gave me a quick haircut.
I needa get my life back on track..but my health is always in the fuckin way.
I don't have a presale code, but Joan Jett was my first album! (-: Good luck getting one!
Awesome thanks! I'll have to come hear you spin when I am in Chicago!
CSUF used www.startermeasure.com as tool for student online learning readiness research.
hey remember me? Haha it's been long
I would appreciate it if you pulled your top up or you wore a hoodie. - love maura! ❤
BOGO 1/2 off all edibles all day today! See you soon ;)
Custom guitar strap gift certificates are awesome stocking stuffers!
SO excited for you! safe travels honey!
anything but PennState
omg, don't even say it was mr kennedy!! lmfao
Beastie boys- Egg raid on mojo
RIP MCA #BeastieBoys My heart is broken.
Thank you for following! and
correction: tech god
S/o to follow him. He #FollowBacks (:
I cannot ever have a conceal and carry permit.
": I just wana go home." Please....
Chat with you one the Tweet-dio Tomorrow 10 am edt, live From Cincinnati!
Josh Hamilton is on fiahhhhh!
Wrote a new song for you guys last night.
good question. Not quite sure yet.... I'll let you know.
Man 2 weeks 4rm 2day i will be in those red & white #RebokQuestions Team AI
#FF he has amazing hair :)
Please check out my answer on to: Illegal 30-day termination of tenancy: Can I challenge now or must I wait unt...
What a craptastic day outside.
I saw your work! Wow...your paintings are beautiful, i'm a portrait artist
It seems as though both teams have had more chances shorthanded than they have had on their power plays.
Just crossed 100,000 miles in my MINI!
i wish it was just 2:20 already.
i talk to and meet too many people on social networking sites lol.
missing another #SandersSunday due to work. waaahh))):
Nice! I will probably kick it in River North before heading to a bday party at ! Feel free to join - I got you!
congratulations! How did u find out? I applied myself too... I hope i got in...or probably not.
RT : "If you think your Easter competition is the church across town, you don’t have a clue."
Are you guys planning on coming to Chicago?PLEASE ANSWER.Me and my friend want to see you guys again D;
Tonight, I will be indulging in some online joy. All 30% off FTW!
That's Not Bad Though Girl... I Was Huge Lbs
Thank you for the follow.
thanks for the post today guys!! let us know if u want the record. glad to send u a DL. great blog.
Busted Day 2 of the main event at the bike. Looking forward to the BSO on Thursday!
My sister and I both have the side of our heads shaved. Hooray!
Frick Park Market; where we kickin' out the garbage. 👍
bro I have avocados growing in my garden!! Haha
how's that track coming my dude?
Official doesn't have the luxury of multiple replays and has to make the call then and there, and at game speed I'd called it too.
thanks for the #FF shout out!
Vince Carter is CURSED! O and the Mavs have no energy. They are old......
Digital Gap: "shift website as a logistical tool to a destination to engage with art" Change with the museum mobile website?
Just need time to think
NF u and that one guy... lol! You muss be a Baby G'!
Loll, okay okay. I was just kidding lmaoo. I can't even lie striaght haha.
to me it's a toss up. I would also like to see what's around them. If I need a 2nd option offensively... TP.
Nothing more exciting then watching the Giants battle it out for first place w/ a refreshing Coors Light.
I'll be a sarcastic ass and give you a dumb ass answer
Come on!!! MOre 7 follower
Anybody selling an iphone 3gs or 4? hit me up
So many great #whitneytributes...she will truly be missed....
Watching 1,000 Ways to Die for AP homework.
getting brains from Bains
hopefully that's not an all-in-one party.
The real test in golf and in life is not in keeping out of the rough, but in getting out after you are in. -Zig Ziglar
Collect your love letters, love notes, and cards and have them bound into a book.
If you can't do something you MUST! ~Tony Robbins
-- Compared to what other player?
did u see the Vet who lost 100# doing yoga via on GMA today?
Thank you all for all your support! It means the world to us!!! Keep on being #awesome!!! :)
Jersey clashes w/my iPad case btw. “: and some overcome those fears, embrace twitter and wear orange jerseys in public #DIETribes”
ALPFA PORTLAND PRESENTS; SOCIAL MEDIA:"The new rules in the Digital Age" June 22nd www.portland.alpfa.org
niight love you long time
happy belated birthday to ! he sure knows how to throw a great party! :)
follow us:) <3
Bouncing down the sidewalk listening to Happiness by
You Inspire Me
WOW.... That is a little creepy!
Edwin has never been happier.
you got church! Go to bed!
I remember this line from a book I just read (GONE GIRL) because it's true: Sleep is like a cat--it never comes unless you ignore it.
very cool design
Before finals start getting you down, you should come to one of our 12 locations on campus and check out a cd, dvd, or even, gasp, a book :)
Go Check them out if you can, definitely worth it! RT Beat Kitchen in Chicago tonight - 8pm!
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Ocean's Vagina
"Facebook likes are a virtual high five." Suban Nur Cooley
Go #DCTech RT : Check out friends! Loving the new partnership with ! is a table master!!
lol; i actually usually go to that, b/c its a great crowd and fun, but indeed we are not old.
what did you do now ???
Is still sleeping.... lulz.
Seeking Fashion Photographers in DC area! Email for more info!
Watching the fight, feeling nice. (y)
Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Dvr broken, phone smashed, laptop won't turn on. #technologyfail ...living basically in the
#California Wave reunion tour? -- former Wave coaches Bowkus, Kelly and Pitcher all leading teams back to Nationals this year
Maybe some homework well help me get my mind off things. >.<
Another Hotel of the Future, Here Now: Ecuador&#39;s Mashpi Lodge ...
finally the refs do their jobs
once again, dunkin donuts delivers. i love their coffee
ok Im going to get myself together and come over
My mom's splice came in the mail for her special day lol
106& park was good S/O B. O. B S/O Mr. 106& Park!! Bow Wezzy
Instagram. Welcome to California!
We are so Thelma & Louise!
FINALLY get to see my nana tomorrow <3 haven't seen her since march
hoes try to do shit to get they name up.......ANYTHING
Stages of waiting for a text message. 😃❤ sent message 😄 1 minute 😊 2 minutes 😏 5 minutes 😒 10 minutes 😠 15 minutes 😡👊 30+ minutes
happy birthday brotha!
Full-time junior social media/content strategist position. If you're interested, follow me so I can DM you my email to send a resume
US only or WW? Any word on the amount spent on endorsements?
Good luck Dave and Team Panda! Hope it goes smoothly so you can all get home and catch up on your sleep!
why ? i did .... i accept everyone XD
Ditto! Anything for another Packer fan :)
betta get that checked out
Wine tasting at Vinid'Italia with
it was her gender that tipped you off? (good luck)
i hate fake hair n nails , yo
haha! Love you too!(:
#iLoveWhenYou be a SUPER FREAK!")
And yes I am!
Saw either the same car or 1 similar on the way to V21 recently on Capital.
I was waiting on doodie she was with her people.
"This day goes down in the books & down in the shitter," said by me, today. Made me laugh (I'm rarely clever ;)). I guess all is not lost.
Ugh I love big purses but I hate em at the sametime I put to much junk in them
#chucknorris Niagra Falls is the result of one of Chuck's legendary cannon balls.
thanks for the follow!!! We won't dissapoint!!
YOUR WELCOME!! Hottie
Roy Hodgson won&#39;t excite the fans claims supporter
My friends find it very weird when I said tweeple today, aha I love you guys. Amazing day Barretts tomorrow and tired lol #score night
Awesome! Watching it from above. :) #GOA2011 RT : Been too busy to tweet so far at - our booth is hopping!
Author Anne Patchett has opened an indie bookstore in Nashville. It is an understatement to say that she is bucking the tide. Bravo!
Should I start a blog? Is my life that interesting?
#808Pride god made dirt dirt dont heart put in that trixs food and make it work
You're the best pooks!
I remember the html tag days of black planet Lmao!
We are at #dataconnectors conference in San Francisco shooting a promo for about web security rode down with
Happy New Year!! Cheers to a beautiful 2012 of dreaming big! #anythingspossible 
So tired. Finally leaving work! Very happy!
I want coffee....tea without caffeine is not ok!!!
We can't access usage logs, so as with all our research we do have to rely on people's self-reported behaviors (1 of 2)
u hear him on that slight work remix?!
Of course, but he has the cojones to speak out. It means a lot RT Obama support for Gay marriage is just to get votes.
Newest Steeler, Beachum, benched 15 less reps than DeCastro at the combine, pathetic for a big guy. Beachum = soff
When does it stop being partly cloudy and start being partly sunny?
it smelt like AASSSSS ;D
In an admitted relationship...
Sexy am I?
havent been on here for a few days :/
Updated resume.. and working on looking for a job again. This time trying it out on various websites online.
how long yu dwn that way
I can get a new phone,but the dont know which one to get :/
The new Zone Alarm is the first version that's been invasive and buggy. :(
Im def a chocolate monster right now!!!mm m good!
I need a twitter app for my iPhone that doesn't crash...
Board of Directors meeting tonight to discuss strategies for IRS and home-related debt. Should be interesting!
If you a nigga, you nosey as fuck and love drama. You're bitch made and should seek death.
": #Sagittarius get so bummed when they realize not everyone has an open, loving heart."
I hate how chocolates immediately melt on my fingers. I mean .. am I that hot?
; we have a new sports fanatic on our team. Excited for and UK
u know me...they keep coming spreadin like a wild fire! lmao..how hv u been?
that's cool! Check out !
Really brilliant comments. Put the question on Twitter during university-wide faculty meeting aboutt general ed requirements.
Honky, please!
Thanks for the RT Jay. By the way, I was reading about Platform Moon - sounds amazing.
I guess having an elderly man hit on you isn’t too hot. AND Yup, saw em. Don't really like them, but they are so fun live.
yes we are =D
Accidentally had the car door slightly opened while going through a car wash lmao
I rather tan in a tanning bed,then sit outside for hours.
Hi Nicole! I am now!
Thanks! RT : Great breakfast the new nutella lefse rock. Great local place and nice folks!
Purchase DuoView now, get accelerated depreciation worth $16,000 back in tax rebates; we pay your 1st 10 payments! BEST XMAS PRESENT EVER!
&#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39; Week 4 recap
I wish my phone wasn't being so fuckin retarded
You should try promoting the network. Other then being on Twitter. . No one knows its on. Do a street survey and you will see.
back at'cha.
My biological clock is ticking like this(stompostomp,stomp), and the way this case is going, I ain't never getting married!
I didn't even know it had happened until ppl DM'd me. Have no idea why my Twitter sent that out. Virus or hack, I suppose. Sorry!
Yay! You guys are so close! How is the drive going?
My head hurtss.
you don't know that, you can't help who you fall in love with
Hal Abelson : "the academy needs to embrace openness to stay true to their core values."
something about Tumblr that i just kept going back to when deciding between it and Wordpress, not sure why, fun though.
Good things come tothose who wait, butbetter things come tothose who go out and get them.
We will be offering free cupcake samples at Saturday’s Pumpkin Festival in Havana 32333.
Is better to be SINGLE for your entire liferather than being in a relationship with a bad couple for one minute.
Boston loves what you do! Keep up the good work!!
Great photo man. Seriously.
We just got back from a break and I'm already sick of school...
My jello molds have never been as well received than by 80-something church ladies. Target audience has been found.
frustrated with this companies efficiency and custom service...
What a crazy day! Ahghhhhh!!!
OOOHHHHHH god one...LMAO>>>LMAO...The dude actually look like Romney now you mention it lol
Just be nice to the gentlemen, fancy, they'll be nice to you
Lol. ok im done
get better fast!
makes** .... Auto correct just has to jump in.. xo
For the love of God!!!!! Give the kids a win!!!! They're good kids!!!!
I LOVE DOOL & it has just hit a new high point! Started watching when I was young. U & EJ are amazing actors! A+++
Honestly credit isn't worth using, if you want something do it the old way- save up for it and pay cash.
I still haven't seen Mikey in the audience yet. ;(
Best Actress winner. Woo.. =)))
Doing some computer work now, planning a nice long walk with the dog for tomorrow
hahaha, love that site
All I wanna do is have some fun, I got a feeling I'm not the only one! ~ Sheryl Crow
Second suck out double up of the day, w00t, 65k
RT : S/O to Dj'ing @ the #PennRelays again. Make it count bro. Make sure y'all go check him out under the nike tent!
Good Morning #Seattle! How are your allergies? Let yourself enjoy this summer without a runny nose & itchy eyes through ACUPUNCTURE!
and to all of our other new followers THANK YOU for the follow!
first night at home after jamaica! bbrrrrrrrrrrr!
Dancing is my passion, I feel so free.
awesome twitter name!
hey amber
It's gonna snow here in 2 weeks Yepp when temps will be 47/31 and 51/25
how you doing 24. This coach C buddy in denver
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show tonight! It was cool seeing a bunch of friends and family there!
they might be retiring march 15. I will double check
iDK..SHE WAS ON THE FLOOR THE WHOLE TiME AFTER LUNCH...
what?! has gaping holes in their data? Blasphemy.
I'll make it #twitterbeeftuesday if I wanna!
Save the Date - No Pants AZ Light Rail ride set for Jan 9th. Details coming soon!
I wish I lived in Holland in the 40s, I would house all the Americans.
I hate when people make scenes.
Great day for Wisconsin Sports fans Brewers win the first game of the NLCS and Packers beat Atlanta on Sunday Night Football
can you tell ppl I'm in Twitter jail?
"Just think- next time I shoot someone, I could be arrested." - Frank Drebin (The Naked Gun, 1988)
"Alright, I finished this song. I kinda wanna ruin it, though. Get me Jeezy's number."
★ Stop by our booth at Simchapalooza today at Cleveland Marriott East & see what we can do for your next party or event!!! ★
Omg wish me luck
just seeing this now!
Someone tried to break in my backyard I see 
I agree
Headline: liberals/Dems block democracy in Wisconsin while calling majority fascists. Wow, what hypocrisy!!
that just got favorited, LMAO I need a t sihrt that says I can take care of myself I don't need a baby
You better put some #sunscreen on...gettin' red, there! Listen to your #friendly neighborhood #meteorologist... :-)
was the last great work of Frederick Olmsted.
When a fan girl's leggings are so stretched out you can see straight through them <
go tanning!!
My computer crashed while I was recording strawberry swing...
that would be GREAT! I'd hate to miss out on being one of the lucky 40
feel me sis
Very good
Just ordered my Raspberry Pi! Next step: smartify all the things in my apt!
Happy National High Five Day! Stop by our office (739 SW 10) from 9-5pm today & give us a high five for $10 free driving.
Were you able to tune in and listen to me on Mamavation last night?
what is going on. Tell Minnie hi and what a boring game.
Sounds delicious!
When someone says "the studios don't get it" they mean "the blue line is much higher than the studios think".
it was just a dream. Nobody like Pete Campbell that much.
Just listened to "What Makes You Beautiful" and I'm actually starting to like (why r they so good?!?!)
love that song!
I agree RT : Q1) need to get comfortable with "getting better" rather than perfect
what time?
The truth is rarely pure and never simple
Thanks for organizing the speed networking event last night with Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ). Fantastic idea!
Last day on set tomorrow. Then some rest....
so true! She can be pretty silly at times too.
lol their coming, i see you over there working on something
dude, I'm heading to 'lola's' to eat too. Lola is my grandmother x]
IDCM paper- Done. Commence studying for 11am Final
happy birthday man.
it is not ok 2 tell another man he was a cute baby...lmfao
prestige worldwide.
#Knicks clinch third playoff spot in 12 years.
you work is so beautiful.
Remember the 40 pitch 1st inning against Boston? (Sarcasm was noted btw)
Chilling with house watching the game..
Dis bad ass cold I got wnt goo away I then try everything n it still fuckn wit me tuff :(
OMM! OHHHMYMAHONE!! finally clipped me <3 thank you so much!!
GCB was cancelled?! LOVED that show! So devastating... 😥
Break legs. RT : AUDITION: AMEX Industrial
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Texans @ Broncos on Sept. 23 is the leader in the clubhouse, by a long way, for our sorta-yearly away trip.
Yes, but not at the prices paid for them. We can't figure out how to make that work.
I'm so excited! It took a long time and a lot of work but it's finished now and it feels so good!
I'm in that boat too honey! Maybe you'll get to watch some interesting characters walk through the door today... =)
If you get bored you could always come to a swim practice RT "Long relaxing day of doing nothing but movies"
89 days and counting until the wedding!
We are young. We have heart. Born in this world as it all falls apart.
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 1
Happy Monday! Today on the show, we're talking #Marlins, #Heat, #Dolphins and whatever YOU want to talk about. Let's do this!
Ok so were we taking a brake or are we breaking up. Let's just brake up and don't tell me
We all made mistakes & regrets we can't change, but we can control today and tomorrow. Make a change
hi everyone. How is the ladies tonight?
Email VIP support about that one.
Many thanks for the offer ... We were chained to a meeting table with 10 others unfortunately
Still going strong during Draft Day here at 2010 SUPERDRAFT. Making your plans for next year yet?
#ncvs just raced a 5- yr old with a roller bag down a Dallas airport concourse. He won.
Children ages newborn to 2 are invited to Francis Branch Lapsits every Wednesday in March at 10:15am. For more information call 282-4641.
RT they covered gotye on glee. now my two least favorite things in the world have merged. awesome.
(c) so I'm just going to tweet saying "me you my room now." Haha!
Happy Monday, Tweeps. We open in half an hour for lunch! Come on in and cool off!
Currently listening to: Infinite Orange - End Of The Rainbow
Beginning the hockey mom season...
Awesome hire. MT : It's official: I'm moving to San Francisco to cover tech startups for / Can't wait!
great job!
So honored to be linked to Self Help Africa! Thats why we love Twitter!
Men's club.
i dont give a klunk if you shuck-face talks to me like that i'll throw you off the buggin' cliff -Maze Runner Referance
Lol. Well, if you want your ears to bleed, then that's your choice (x
+1 RT : "Ask yourself what makes you come alive and go do that. For the world needs more people that have come alive" -H Thurman
I stand right back up. I'm stronger then ever before.
RT : Do you favor a regicide or, um, a DIFFERENT regicide? York or Lancaster, pal? Or, as we put it at OLM, Maitzen or Donoghue?
Hey, you said its a SCORCHER down there in Orlando, whats the temperature? Its 83 degrees up here in Indy.
A cold-blooded killer, or a man betrayed by his son? A Broward jury starts deciding today. Details at 5:30 am
that's an understatement
omg. This dog stinks. omg
Can't wait to do Valentines Dinner with the hubby tonight!
Love the Bedlingtons. First time I ever saw one, at first sight I thought it was a lamb.
Got Chik-fil-a for Mia and the kids meal toy was a book about #Confucius. Maybe next month they'll have a book about
With Weeks out, Lucroy is batting 2nd today for the #Brewers. I think he should stay there for a while...
Even if we don't get any more rain this month, we'll still end up above average for May!
Ok so apparently steamed broccoli stinks up the hallways at work. Oops ;)
The flea can jump an average of 350 times its body length. This is comparable to a human jumping the length of a football field
Good morning twitter fam! It's our 200th tweet! YAYY :) What's going on in the world today?
love it. Thanks brayan
deleted so many useless dm's blahh
Budget now on House floor. Conway says $250 million in new revenue needed.
Seeking a part time Librarian in #DC. Duties include consolidation of print library collections and reduction of print publications.
Anyone have a live stream for Philly-Seattle game?
“: “: It costs a lot of money to look this cheap. Dolly Parton” That's a good one!” too funny!
?? Do you have free roadside assistance? You can request a better service, request Pop-A-Lock!!
Must..get..coffee. These yawns are killin me right now.
my hometown...Dayton...well Kettering, Ohio
closet gamers, come on out!
#Grammys was full of Adele .... Phenomenal!
Cases are pretty much unobtainable at the moment. I have a bunch of Hitachino white, red rice and ginger in bottles
thanks so much for the follow! If we can help with a mattress or new furniture for maybe a client please let us know!
Tomorrow is the Republican Presidential Primary for Registered Republicans. Don't Forget to Vote.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. ~Samuel Beckett
LOL If only u really knew smh but im back home
I caress my water bottle.
I speak French :)
WHY IS NO ONE ELSE EXCITED ABOUT THIS????!!!!
Alli Sports and Mountain Dew Announce Long Term Extension and New Dew Tour
Funny: the day after Obama declared support for same-sex marriage, two of my roomies are having their (long-planned) (same-sex) wedding. :)
haha me: 0 - but im doing the makeup for them, so I have to schedule trials to see what they want done
"Are you ladies going up?" "Yes." "NO WAY ME TOO!"
FOOD FUNNIES: Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the gambling casino? Because he was on a roll!
woot woooot #irvine. Miss your face!!!
Food Rage
#3WordsForYou I miss you.. :(
Are you in a rush and in need of a boost? Drive thru and get your free iced coffee today!
when lets hope its when i gots some money..u know he like to bleed me dry lol
Incredible photograph of the sunrise glowing through a dead fish&#39;s eye
Well yea sure can you come at 12;30
how time can just slow down for effin reason
“: Gronk missed the ball on the hail Mary by 1 ft if hes ankle wasnt injured sports sciences proved that he would have caught it"
#MaxiTeal by is a FAB color and now making it's way into my latest #PIXEL-Micro!
I really can't see you as a Stone Cold Steve Austin or anything of that sort.
I am trying to fit it into everything I say today ;)
#JasmineVMemories when jasmine told us on u-stream she ran over a squierl :o lol
A caller on this AM said Tim Tebow was playing well because it was God's will. Beliefs aside, I find this idea FASCINATING.
Good luck!
welcome to the hood! You're gonna love it. Headin to a party across town. You?
Fighting my car's bad alignment while I drive is a wonderful work-out for my arms.
At a rest-stop, sleeping in my tiny car... Life is strange sometimes...
#TimeManagementTip: Identify your priorities. Locate deadlines, expire items, etc. These should be in the top of your list!
Looking forward to tonight's #PRSSA chat starting now on career preparation & development!
Thanks, Will! It was a ton of fun, and we made it to the finish line. Next up, I wanna try for a half-marathon!
How is everyone's #SXSW going?
It's meow or never.
I wear a lot for my job as a lawyer. It's the dress code. But no, I wouldn't sell mine.
When clients asks for a new site, app, or social media campaign they're asking for the same thing: a digital transformation to compete
We will be at The Loft in Arlington, TX tonight for Rock the Loft! Doors open @ 6:30! See you there!
sweet tip, daddy!
Experimenting bejeweling my mannequin w/African beads, cotton liberty prints and brass... yum!
aww well now you could chill (;
I wish I could forget you like I forget everything i've studied before a test.
Me: "why are you wearing a button-up and jersey shorts?" Rube: "shut up bitch" -Rube Sheeber
HAHA HILARIOUS!!! can you plxxzzzz follow me?? imm a huuuugggeeeeeeeee fan of yours and i would love♥ to talk to you :)
I am determine to meet one day <3 i have to see my future hubby (;
I hate Crying. -______-
follow me maybe J ?
QUOTES: Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn
I like how we're basically attached at the hip. Love you, best friend <3
Moulin Rouge is one of my faves! It's over the top in a good way!
Hey Zayn!!! :D I'm supposed to be in class reading but instead I'm here tweeting you! Follow me please?
Not going to school tomorrow and spending the day with my chunky niece, brother &sister-in-law at the hospital instead. :)
Lester Hudson to Jeremy Lin: HOLD MUH DICK
BarDivaz is an all-female bartending service. We provide services for private parties, weddings, birthdays and corporate events.
you know it
i wish i could give you one .-.
Moviefone is more entertaining if you read everything in the voice of the old Moviefone guy
'Walk' will be on my IPod before my next run! fighters
Thanks :) RT : Thank you - My vehicles will never be serviced anywhere else!
Wowza! Heavy weights from Monday are painful today! Do you get most sore one or two days after strength training?
THX good way to start the week ; )
Gotta think of what to give my mommy for mother's day... That lady has everything... Smh
we can burn brighter than the sun (8)
They say I'm too fake, fuck it I'm paid. I can't even find an empty spot up in my safe.
Anyone else having trouble with #Blackboard Mobile Learn app crashing?
where the pictures, tell Mack he is slacking on his pimping lmao
Had the honor of performing at Maggie Daley's memorial service yesterday. Wonderful patron of the arts. She will be missed...
you are so inspirational! I want to be just like you!
Seriously! Every time I see the replay I keep wondering why AGon was looking at Rhymes and couldn't see something was wrong.
nurseSHANAE girl I never went back imma go order them
I think I feel the exact some way--the Robyn song kicked up a huge grump reaction on my part.
lol fml . tonight's just not my night . .
yesterday?? i saw just replying 2 YOUR tweets, not the other way around...wow, you are THAT stupid lol...
Happy Earth Day to all my Friends!
Hate that Josh Thompson can't be here for the show tonight at Sloppy Joe's! I'll be Sloppy Joe's sloppy 2nds and filling in at 8! Bring it!
damn yesterday was interesting, quickies, my alcohol tolerance disappeared, won some scratch on keno, & delicious guinness knockoff beer
VINYL HOURS RADIO on now A Night of Soul with Stax recording artists from 7pm -9pm (pt)
Mega Bloks Play &#39;n Go Table Reviews | Toy Train Tables
is wondering how many of her fellow southerners are going to try to start a fire by deep frying a turkey this Thanksgiving.
Happy New Year to all my Twitter Friends! Have a safe and happy new year...
Sarkozy's positions were as much a result of France's small bargaining power as his choices. Hollande will soon have to adopt most of them.
Haha, awesome! Thanks, I def will.
Follow Bitter Sober on Twitter!
Poor Puck ):
“: “: Over or under Kobe with 28 shot attempts?” <-- over.” WAY Over!!!
Just ate a burrito the size of my thigh.
THANKS Amy! It was great to meet you, and you were so sweet and helpful! Thanks for the hug;)
I have a Fifty Shades of Grey hangover! Book 3 kept me up way past my bedtime. I need about 50 cups off coffee, one for each shade of grey.
Just Absolutely bugged! Gabbbyyyy! #NYR beauty.
YEAH..NELLIE!! OK TIGERS FANS..START HEADING OUT!!
psh you should see me right now, it's like only drizzling and I'm hiding in my closet with my cats. #YOLO hahahaha
why only "ladies"? it is 2012, you need to be a little more open-minded.
#WHITEHOUSE The Response to #SOTU Already underway speaks of uniting while dividing us on everything POTUS espoused. Its our broken system
The permafrost comes did cover the Earth. Now begins the age of cold darkness.
you got a bodega though lol
Yankees hit 3 grand slams in last night's game. Good karma for today. Writing, dissecting the work of Cole Porter, practice, and sprints.
have a nice & blessed day. All the best to the both of u!
haha! I do that too. Or upside down or sideways too.
love your Living in Syria painting!
Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston.
Happy Easter!
This week's #TrendsTues topic is.......
stay in the moment & create...
That moment when you start twitter about 3 years after everyone else and you don't know what the heck is going on xD!
you're still my little sister <3 forever
You can tell a lot about someone's personality by the way they clean the snow off their car
Watching Wife Swap while I'm supposed to be doing homework.. haaha
hey can't we share the birthday month? #maybirthdays Actually, I don't even want to think about what age I'm turning.
Alan Kay: "Reality is a waking hallucination." "We hit the baseball without really seeing it."
"Man cannot live on chocolate alone, but woman sure can."
TIP: Using an overdrive gear on the highway reduces engine speed, saving both fuel and engine wear.
I Spy MadAce out running a big explosion.... :-p
Coffee, laptop, desktop and a Joomla 2.5 project on my plate.
Commission meeting with line drawers. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
You ladies sure do know how to throw a fab event ! cc.
yes, we all know.
Jeanyhwh Desulme, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
"Luck" last night, premiering on HBO. David Milch showrunner. Nolte and Hoffman and a bang-up cast. Looks promising.
I also have the theme song for mario brothers in my head (not helping)
Hanging out at #Franklin #TN #buylocal biz Maxximo Jo's before picking up the kids...
Modesty forbids what the law does not. ~ Seneca
We're SO excited for the game today! GO SU! Our founder went to SU, so we're routing for you guys!
I guess they claim won't get takin care of so I guess u ain't gon get a good review
Hah! To each his/her own. I used to needlepoint, but can't get behind this project. ;)
Dear Radio Station, I missed it. I've been waiting since 8 and I freaking missed it. PLAY IT AGAIN. Love, Mahomies who missed it.
Chandler council to discuss universities' presence in city The University of Arizona and Arizona State University have expressed interest
Talking to Hertz about what kind of vehicle I should rent to take 8 people and instruments to Toronto. So far we agree that it should be big
I feel it
Hello right back at you! I hope you have a great weekend. :)
#SiTeSoySincero You'd admit you really like me.
Hehe so am I, finally sun, vacation, sleeping, partying, seeing friends and all ;D & haha yes indeed! xo ♥
Have you said #yes today?
Edit it for us girl! RT CHIME IN: What do you think of covering the November issue of ESSENCE!
Baltimore News 24/7: Update: afternoon news, weather, sports from ...
Hm. did I mention your brother is my favorite child? HA HA HA HA HA H AH!!!!
Crap. I have to get a swab done. I MIGHT HAVE STREP. NO
Showing "Rinse the Blood from My Toga" afterward helps enormously.
That is amazing! LOVE LOVE LOVE
+1 no matter what sw you talk about. Hardcoded styles maddening in all CMS " This hardcoded clear div is really rankling my nerves"
#mythoughtsatschool thank god this smelly girl left my table
T-Shirt Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore -Get a cool Sonic T-Shirt for $3 w/ purchase-ask 4 T when ordering from patio or car stall (not Drive-thru).
James Tice F'12: update & republish Forma Urbis Romae, a cartographic masterpiece of ancient Rome, as an interactive website.
You'll probably get a few screeners in the mail tomorrow then!
The suspense will have to wait until tomorrow. Grim outlook on a.full time position but they want me to run day to day operations. Not bad.
Today my boss is blasting the Smiths. I am a happy girl.
FDR said that 12/7/41 was a day "that will live in infamy", much like Obama's entire Presidency.
Walker aide says $123 million in cuts present “operational challenges and opportunities to each agency in varying degrees.”
awesome! I'll be here
thanks Jacob!
I smell privitization...
Thanks a lot. At this point in the process, I will take any and all positive comments. P.S. So jealous you live and study in CR.
There's a children's book about that lighthouse. I didn't realize it was so very small until I saw it.
Congrats on selling your book! My daughter also rides the short bus. Looking forward to your book!
ditch your car. Take the light rail.
OH fuckin kick ass! You rule the world!! yay!
Thanks for reading!
Yessir. I have so much stuff I want to get done, but idk where to start ughh & I'd hope not, I'm awesome lol
FYI: = Minnesota charming
Today's gift card winner is ANDREA LONG. Congratulations!
please don't use ur phone in the bathroom... can't the person ur on with hear ur doing the do??
Thanks for the RT ! Hope you are having a productive Marketing Monday
Full tankers >>>>
BSOS proudly welcomes guests to our Spring 2012 Open House. Join us at 10 a.m. today in Key Hall to learn more about our amazing community!
#dontactlikeyounever dreamed of what it would b like to have Opras money
Florence Welch, has my babies plezzzee
Thanks for the RT and happy painting
if I dont go there again it cant happen duh
- Welcome! Thanks for following! Perhaps we can work together in the future! Robin Lynch Aerialist
....I know its coming...but when...I'm waitin...
ad ribs!! Yum! RT : What a great weekend! Thanks to everyone! Now get ready for #AllYouCanEatRibs !!! We open at 5!
Thank you! You just made our day too!
Same ol' same ol' give us a follow friday shout out and we'll return the favor! <3
OMG I KNOW! <3
Great. Now the center button (the button used for EVERYTHING) on my phone isnt working. FML
Sorry to hear! We're working on making it better. Let us know what you're looking for if you want us to keep our eyes peeled
Pay your balance due to the IRS with a MasterCard, Discover, Visa credit card and Bill Me Later at www.payUSAtax.com.
why do you say that?
i know..lol how are you?
seems to be the concensous! Lol
on my way to 's house yeeee
Me too(:
Want to count your #drupa steps? Visit the #Xerox Social Media Cafe hall 8b & pick up a FREE pedometer & say "My feet ache!"
To : A New York Lunch - Get me the best one out there!!!
Yay! That's what finding aids are for! Oh, and it's
Want another piece of pineapple
PDL clubs are holding tryouts now - have you contacted the LI Rough Riders?
Might just need a venti this morning..
Last year, I asked Santa for the sexiest person ever for Christmas.. I woke up in a box.
Love me or leave me in !!! Love this movie!!!!
Long Island can't be much better :(
Don't think running and then #writing are good for earth plane. Heads in the clouds.
good morning world! lets go ride some horses!
ME AND MY BOO CAN MAKE PLANS AND WE GO FORGET ABOUT IRENE..... ,
"If you cling to your life, you will lose it; if you give it up for me, you will find it." Matthew 10:39
Park in the driveway, drive in the parkway, this is way too confusing.
I've never met an Italian I didn't like!!! Nice to meet you!
Are you really responsible for bringing Wing stop to the West Coast?
I am going on record as saying I am anti-Pedro, pro-Halladay. Go Phils.
I do. I watched some of the last season at Lost Love Lounge.
thank you, ik
Playing callathon at school.
Staar was stupid. They be putting questions we never even study like "who the fuck is photosynthesis?"
Hope everybody had a great day today.
I already have "Chia Pet" hair without the high winds....
Giving new meaning to Going Green! Personally I can't deal with reusable bags- I'm just too freaked out by the germs.
Why No perform!? That's no show without her
If you die in an elevator make sure that you press the UP button! --- The INSANE Cousins
i am a born again believer who happens to work in a public school. We support for public ed among our Republicans.
same people probably think Obama's father's religion is game or his long lost aunt's blah blah blah
I'll be sure to bring that up ! I agree! Lunches and breakfasts at school are non nutritious, unhealthy, and gross!
if by nudge you mean go through a stack of external hard drives for me, then nudge away!
Thank YOU! Tulsa was fantastic! RT : Thank you to everyone who attended #prsasw conference. We hope you enjoyed your time in Tulsa
Can't wait to get booked on the #MMD schedule..... this shoot is gonna be
Watching Best Ink with Viggle Tue | 10PM | Oxygen HD (Pacific) Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Have you ever had an animal change your life?
in a limo blasting What Makes You Beautiful (: this is the life <3 xD
#Udonis #Haslem's season might be over
aw. c: thank you!
Turkey Day is COMING!!!!! M turkey,ham, and everything else
Read this week's issues of Swamp Thing, Animal Man, and the Hellraiser annual.
I'll be right over! :-)
Magic Mike ;) yummy
Thanks for the follow! Boston is our home away from home! Yes, we're in love with her too!
Top 10 celebrity #foundations tonight at 7:30pm EST
Day at Brookwood Community!! Big thanks for being great friends to all the citizens here!
ok and then what !! What yu trying tell us !!!!!?
“: #wewontwork if you lie to me, just tell me truth and i wouldnt get that mad.”
how bout you take it off. ;)
House goes to bench with fourth foul.
An amazing production underway at CoHo Productions right now -- Reasons To Be Pretty. Superbly directed and acted, loved it.
Maddy, you are SO talented...Touring soon seems inevitable! (Dear, BA...HINT, HINT!)
Americas Got Talent :)
Chris Webber more or less just told Blake Griffin not to be Vlade Divac.
praying for #Woodward, OK where overnight tornadoes killed 5, injured 30 others. World Visions's Disaster hub in Dallas prepared to help
If "Safe and Sound" is any indication of how good the Hunger Games will be, then I definitely HAVE to go the the premiere.
But I still think that's mean, blaming me for making it awkward! I don't even know what I did -.- ....... <AB
Honey, I'm home!!
": One Direction will be releasing a new book called 'Story So Far ' on 1st September 2012" Ah!!! :D
it's crazy! We need to get you to a show soon! #jakewithdrawals lol
This usually is a factor with younger job seekers,
RT : Chrysler expects strong earnings from international sales, plasma donation, and "a breathtaking intervention by God."
Have a great and safe Memorial Day Weekend!!
I cant :( but thanks for letting me know.
At least it didn't start with kittens and then move to porn.
Hey bro, definitely looking forward to spending some time with you guys.
*blows kisses waves back* how u been sweetie?
- Headphones in . Volume high . And ignore the world
Guess I'm gonna make a sandwich
that is so neat!!!!
Thxs.. I talked to Charlie the other day its in the works..
That was my next guess.
Lololol I can be lame as fuuck sometimes too. xD
is the nicest food truck. Yummy too. Moroccan chicken sub w/ pineapple. They even gave me chips! See you again soon.
omg a big tornado hit Joplin?! I hope and his family and friends are okay </3
I've been waiting for you to finally make a comment about this game.
Update from Sessions Stadium.... vs Belmont 320pm First Pitch!! #raindelay P Drew Woods gets the nod for the Fins!!
finished a major milestone in a six-month project today. Next step, bata testing round two. Very exciting!
yo coach, invest in me, I'd make my hours whatever, you hungry at 3am baam, restaurant open! ha, hook a cook and my dream!
”Loving is not just looking at each other, its looking in the same direction...”
U dont like me:p i dont care
One time for all the small business owners out there that take no days off. RECESSION PROOF MINDSET.
Erik....does that even make sense? Lol
lol. I think he is a bum! 😳
My mind wants to get up and do something fun today but my body just won't get out of bed
Although my Caps lost im still riding with them.. that was a great series evn though we didn't win the series we played quality hockey
#HowGreatIsOurGod is the greatest TT on twitter yet... RT if you agree
The mobile cart will be at K-Mart on US31 South in #Greenwood today. Come on down and get a "Spicy Chili Dog" and say Hi...c u there !
After work I'm getting my nails and toes they look crazy plus I have a shoot next week
today out of the attic went to bethel tate high school. students learned from the testimonies and artifacts and our educator, joey.
I believe everyone is looking forward to this episode Forgiveness is a blessing which allows positive breakthroughs.
#WeWontWorkOut if you're not stocky and have a nice sense of style
... one word, ANDERSON
I see you changed your bio !!!
Missed Meat Lover's Wednesday? Take $2 off any regular-priced combo tomorrow for Pre Payday Thursday!
There is also inequality in transfer income and income derived from assets. It's about more than inequality from employment earnings.
#MUSICREVIEWS As the crowd eagerly awaited their headliners in a packed out Shepherds Bush empire, Tribes finally made their way on stage
let me know if ur interested in covering speech lang path in adults &/or children I'd b happy 2 write! It covers many areas
I don't understand
keep working hard...let me know if I can help
Yeah! I can take "Cover Girl" off my bucket list now....
Self-employed or outside sales? What are you doing today to bring in customers tomorrow? Share your best technique.
"I literally tore shit up in the bathroom"
It would be awesome if followed my new account :)
Traffic on the IB Kennedy is a big mess this afternoon.
Women do not find it difficult nowadays to behave like men, but they often find it extremely difficult to behave like gentlemen.
"After every sunny day came a stormy night. That's when Finner would say - Keep your heads held high." ::of monsters and men::from finner::
when i have no friends at softball because and aren't there😔
can't wait for you any longer... October please come quicker!
So glad Zack Greinke didn't play pickup basketball this offseason. Outstanding start.
it'll be in the 50s most of the game though
We already have our tickets to the Hunger Games! Anyone else?
Made a Pokemon reference today in improv practice and not ONE person understood it. I love being 22.
Roswell high-school coach David Lawrence was found not guilty of criminal sexual contact with a minor—so he can have his job back, right?
Raised over $13k last night when we hosted the Charlottesville Future Fund dinner here at The Clifton. GOOD JOB !!!
Congrats to for exceeding 2 million mark for tickets sold this season, marking the fastest climb to the milestone in team history!
Watching th Grammy's in a room packed full of Berklee students is NOT fun...I'm sure you could guess why.
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like it is forever
Chef Adam and Steve bar ROCK!! Got my chili! Yaaaaay!
I'll let you pick your game (or games). I have all 81 games.
I now have a cellular talker capable of the tweetings. Much fun ensue!
same here but im tired of american food, since im surrounded by it, but anything without meat ill eat it ^-^
my dude sean
i agree.. 100%
MY PHONE BUTTONS ARE STILL STICKING!!!
I need an escape. Nothing is worst than being trapped in your own home.
I think I'm gonna play basketball this morning for cardio. I always imagine I'm dunking on
I dont see those 'skers? “: Teams with 3 bowl wins since 2008: #Iowa, #Florida, #floridastate,
see you tonight man.
What the hell is Sanchez doing?!
Current topic at #pubcampwest - Why aren't our orgs more OF the community, instead of having to "visit" them as outsiders? esp. in
Everything happens for a reason.
let me hear u
Have you caught the acting bug? Sign up for the Performance Workshop Wednesday at 2! Learn the basics of acting and have a blast doing it!
great - thank you!
Any of my followers using ? Opinions?
oh ya, I still have an AgentG circle. Thx
“I'm tired of seeing great women in bullshit relationships.”
LSP of course! RT Subjective: Better for the league this year? LIVESTRONG park opening OR the Timbers / Sounders rivalry?
Adam Dunn strike out vs a lefty? Did not see that one coming.
Cage Match- Shia vs George.
Lex for sure. And it'll be much cheaper.
Congratulations Assemblymember Mary Salas and Councilmember Rudy Ramirez on your endorsements from the San Diego Democratic Club!
thanks for letting me know. I was just up in your neck of the woods. Keep me posted PLEASE.
If you want me to follow you tweet me your username. I connected it to my other Twitter so it doesn't find y'all as friends ;)
but the idea that you should pay 10% of your income for 10 years and then get it wiped away is STUPID.
Nothing better than a clean mouth!
No Problem Kiddo (:
thankyou! Just a shame I've had to pay all that money for a non-working phone for all those months. Not ideal.
#HBO has a new #movie, Hemingway & Gellhorn (#ErnestHemingway 's 3rd wife) starring #CliveOwen &
ah feel like going home
i have learned more in that review class than i have all year with mr mancino. thanks ms reed :)
It takes all of my being not to refer to it as a hip hopera.
So glad that he cancel class tomorrow at 4:00-550
When you doing that
consider yourself warned for the party upstairs R. Swisher.
That's awesome! Let me know when you get settled in and I'll book a ticket on the Hiawatha.
#threewordstoliveby : Tap into savings! Free app download let's you save $ in the 916 and wherever you go. www.tapintosavings.com.
Today sucks!!!
UNSCENE Urban Navigator is online!
Avoiding glancing at the trending topic feed of Blair and Dan...I can't watch it until tomorrow!!!!
It's not a meteor it's a cookie wand!!!
Ill Die For My Niggas
nice background(;
No, thank you for the follow!! We love to connect with other local businesses
He's Hot.
lol. Tracking from my phone. Out of the house. :)
Maryland came back in the last 2 min and won the game
Great. There's literally no hot water anywhere in this house. I need to shower. I feel so ew.
Left my homies house paid, picked up a girl I been tryna fuck since the 12th grade
I can do everything web, and Apple. But you would need others for cydia and the android market.
Feels re-connected. Lets do this!
I love that my rich kid private school is located in the ❤of the ghetto!
fuck you bella
Never regret something that once made you smile.
Maximum Fighting Championship announces Carvalho vs. Lima at MFC 32
I was blessed wit a gift so why not share dat shyt
HUH? You need subtitles
“ It is an illusion to believe that ideology is enough. Some call it tough love, but it simply is the truth.”
FRANK THE TANK! FRANK THE TANK! Lol": You My Boy Blue!"
Aw thank you boo!
hahaha! I feel like ever since I've come home that's all I do.. Lucky! Mines only 11, so I still have 5 more years.. 😞
For 5 rounds I watched Bones Jones humiliate Evans and make him look like an amateur; I loved every min of it
Hey! Thanks for all the new follows! Great day at
Someone come share this wine? It is so good! (If you like moscato, Bella Sera is great and a great price!)
YOUTH TRAVELING BASKETBALL TEAMS - Be a part of the Peace Day 2011 Basketball Tournament for FREE!!! For more information, contact us NOW!
My thighs still hurt from dancing the Dougie. I think I'll quit the gym and start a Dougie regimen...
About to chill with.
Ty you wont even eat half that!!......so share the rest with yaa boy😏
I hate waking up to check my wallet and see my money missing.. great.
Another great productive day on it's way.
He said wsssp , & we watchnn Diary of a Wimpy kid
what are you talking about?
*raises eyebrow*
oh and i wish my mom wasnt a bitchh.
All nighter? I think so!
Farewell, Girl Scout cookies. As always, it was a (guilty) pleasure. See you next year.
I'm here most of the summer. Let me know if you head this way!
I love you.
What's really sad is that Pilar hits harder than Prime ever did
Seriously she's down by over 7k voter totals. She must be crazy, bcs that is impossible to overcome!
#FF this guy!
idk it still says processing but it's not saved in my pictures!
FOLLOW BACK !
From John this morning, "You guys are so great. Everything was quick and painless."
A Conversation at Ten Chimneys with Olympia Dukakis, Friday, July 29th at 8pm! Tickets: www.tenchimneys.org.
“ I dont give out 3rd chances && i barely give out 2nd ones”
Are you a fan of the five second rule? Well it's a myth! Bacteria can live for weeks on infrequently or improperly cleaned surfaces.
i have one u can borrow
I can't tell you exactly where we'll be (yet) but I'll hit you up tomorrow. And if you're in the area, check this place out!
click full of killers please Dnt get us excited
Good finish to the 1st half! Up 10 rock chalk
Looking for a quick and easy way around downtown Denver? check out the new program
hi geo. I'm the girl who's having her birthday party at open class this month. <3
This week's #FF is dedicated to some of our amazing partners.
94% increase over 2011 Quarter! RT "people freak out about the $ movements in $AAPL. tell me the %, that's what I care about"
Documentary recommendation: Conan O'Brien Can't Stop. Shows you what love for show business really is.
i never will like jelena either ;o
Getting nails and eyebrows done Saturday
lets do it... edub and koolaid my people
you're gay
You're only as good as the people you hire
please. Who teaches soc now?
I wanna talk about it and you don't want to I don't wanna talk about it then you're mad...I CAN'T WIN
For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
Oh no hahahha
Is the #KefirTruck out today? xo
Eight bridesmaids and 15 other beautiful sorority sisters to the bride didn't hold a match to SoCal at last night's reception.
o der wacky weather here o m g!! :-O
Thanks for the follow, Mitch!
That's fine if you don't want to follow me however I will have your ass when your master commands you. Next time don't
So proud of my boyfran
Makin instrumentals while strain out my plane window. Nothin else like it.
My mom would never let me get it haha. But I know whatcha mean. Like looks so cute!
Morning folks! What are you all listing to today?
lol I know right!
It's National Honesty Day, today. Asshole.
perhaps someone should kick his ass under your window
I watched the Disney 1 so many times my mom begged the video store 2 just sell her a VHS copy. Which I wore out. You, sir, are no Tim Curry!
Congratulations to AMC's Narraganset Chapter for winning the Chafee Award for their conservation leadership in Rhode Island!!
“What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others.”
Next year then! Thx so much & sending u an Ole! desde
R.I.P. Levon Helm
Thanks, Karen. It's a LONG haul . . .
not make it obvious at all.
My sister just surprised me with a D-Signed shirt from the collection of & !
If u ain't making beatz u ain't making money ( NO BEATZ = NO MONEY) ;)
This day couldn't have blown up any worse if I had rigged it.
I just started playing Minecraft again after a couple months of hiatus. Wow!
Thanks for the prank call made my night interesting.
< learning rebels!!
Everybody off them pills, I ain fucking with you.
I swear one of my teachers is goin through menopause
Soccer tryouts tomorrow! Ah.(:
When opportunity doesn't knock, build a door :)
Movin across town...
aww thanks babe :)
Are you using #altac or #alt-ac these days?
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
“Amongst” is not wrong, but it means the same thing as “among.” And although it sounds old-fashioned, “among” is the older form.
Can I have a lock of your chest hair?
I hope that you understand it.. :|
Love it! Did that all day! “: "w-ing" at 10:33 pm on a Saturday night :) #wgirls ”
I'm halfway through the 8th season and already upset this is the last one. I get made fun of and I knew you'd understand. Ha :)
It's cute when someone gets a twitter, all they post is how much better twitter is than Facebook.
#IsTurnedOnBy Bruno Mars' Voice When He's Sounding Sexy :p :)
Idk why but today I was such in a bad mod:'/ aghh what a day...
My head hurts. :'c
No matter what, I will always be that girl who sits in her room at night reading love quotes and thinking about that special boy.
Can't wait for tonight! Lovin' this years talent!
what's the plan at grant park?
Yeah I can care less. She just says anything to try and piss me off. It's over and dealt with. No problems :)
“: Happy birthday.”thank u man ;)
All good. It was fun while it lasted.
March 1 was 8th anniversary of Whiskey Creek Press and also the release date of my first book with them. I think this must be a good omen.
You guys are all white trash hillbillies.
no way I could live here this shit is boring ass fuck
got some wonderful news.
maybe if i jogged there and back that would balance it out?
IF IT AIN'T TIGHT IT AIN'T RIGHT!
