Watching "Missing" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#hhlib in poll of attendees, over past 6 months 2/3 have had a patron/user ask about ebooks because they've just acquired an ereader device
Was i the only one who got a survey on 95th
Watchin the Movie I Think I'm In Love Again :* Ilu Justin And Keep It Up <3
Enjoy your night everyone, come back tomorrow and pick up our strain of the day; Purple Bubba!
yeah if they just kept up with news they would know UK and UF dropped him, not the other way around.
Watching home videos from like two years ago. Wow, me and were hilarious! Right Shane? (;
Preach my brother!
good and u
RT : As always, we have drink specials too $1 pints, $2 Pie shots, $4 Pie Bombs, and something new- Pudding Shots.
Can't wait until my auntee wedding on the 26 of May so proud of her
Biblical Living homework done now 3 more classes to go
My life is Doctor Who, The Office, Buffy, ColdStone, writing essays, and Say Anything. That makes me happy and sad at the same time.
please followw back(:
ok that will be worth $500. Fair?
no snow here, i feel left out
Thanks for the RT!
would love to, but will be in either Amsterdam or Santa Clara that week
"Daisy, do me a favor and stop listening to that Miss Shore." Woe is me *_*
#BuzzWilliams with some 'good' problems down the line on how & when to play Davante G. when he comes back - need 2 keep uptempo vibe going!
interesting! i was like: is someone being mean about fat models??? i LOVE fat models.
Not to Late To Reg. For "Bailando con Verizon" Event! Win the trip to Chicago to Compete for $2000. 402.706.6779
i want one too!
!|__|_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
im that nigga, ya fuckn right.
Two people told me my arms look big and a third that I look like Bradley Cooper with my sunglasses...not mad at today.
Heading back from one great ministry trip! :-)
#Trayvon was killed because he was suspicious in a hoodie I say watch out for men in suites #Wallstreet robbed #America blind in suits
I burnt my bacon.
I want to own a bar called Eleanor Rigby's just so I can have my ad campaign say "Where all the lonely people belong".
Thank you CPK for having a great mobile online ordering system! Easy to navigate my way to tasty salads
Up to no good today. Getting ready for some serious pranking of family and friends.
Which game?
Thanks, Laura. I'm going to try...had to put my 13 1/2 year old dog down on Tuesday. Grief stricken. xox
SMFH ! This why i trust NO one !
Chocolate Girls Be Pretty : )
I guess I'll go by and look tomorrow! /:
you're gonna be barney's twin! Lol.
yes! and we can drunkenly dance to the biebs all night. can't wait
football time :D
Who doesn't love a good chair dance?
Great day started with Ari killing it as my guest speaker and then dinner at Industri and Cast of Killers open mic at
A man in love is like a clipped coupon - it's time to cash in.
// Hey Tony! Is there a reason most #nfl #stadiums don't support wifi like #Airports? Seems like a cheap addition w/ high upside.
Let's car pool ... I'm in coconut creek. I'll swing by of the Sawgrass Expressway!
We look forward to figuring out the production!
Hi! I'm back to FB & tweets after a busy week ending in 43 auditions at once! :-} Belated Happy Valentine's Day and Gun Hei Fat Choi!
The game is underway at the #FreshCoastClassic with (title defenders) hitting the court against St. Paul's College
that's badass!!!! I so need to research this.
= best! Cant wait to hear abt trip from U. RT : know that was relentless for 2 more days re
It is one game OKC. You almost lost at home and y'all want revenge? Mavs are gonna win this series
I'll probably tweet lyrics for the rest of class
The Massachusetts Office of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulation: strict state laws on data security...
just accept God's blessing! It's yours and no one can take it! I'm so proud and happy for you!!
All day Bachlorette Party! Let the chaos begin!
Wether blue ivy looks like Beyonce and Jay-z or not, she will always be theirs And enjoy their hard work!
Watching Cubs vs Cards game on TV. Nothing worse than listening to Hrbosky and McLaughlin during broadcast
Reading "Game Design Workshop" by Tracy Fullerton Good stuff. Thanks for the recommendation
—outstanding investigative report—#police leave many questions unanswered and look foolish—great story I-Team!
Atrophied, a love machine becomes something else entirely.
its almost christmas :O
OUCH!! So many inappropriate jokes there...
RT : No tix to ? Fret not -- join us & watch live stream from Tequila Bar @ 7pm
yeah! It's not just bad pitchers!
Learning from the Utah Youth Councils! They have over 60 Youth Councils state wide! Go Utah!
Having a good morning pray to god it stays this way without all the drama🌈
I'm still here el guapo!
Just rode the elevator with Stan Lee. Marvel Gentleman.
And we weep
#iLoveMyMomBecause she will always be there for me, she is the best mom ever, she is everything and anything I can ask for, I love her
#Random I would just like to give a shout out to my best friend, the other half of for EVERYTHING that you do, and ALL that you are!
Attempting to dive into articles on institutional repositories. Instead, I'm tweeting about it.
Graduation is supposed to be one of the happiest times of my life by lately ppl make it the worst thing ever
Can we talk on the phone for a few minutes? I can be reached at 503-780-4338. Sincerely Frank Odia
Am I alone in remembering how NC struggled last year before they inserted Marshall into their line-up. Roy Williams is being reminded
lol. That letter gets more & more funny every time I read it. cc
Allergies: punk ass. Eyeballs need to be scratched. Must stop sneezing!!
Almost bit by a tick!
happy thanksgiving!!<33
I miss u like everday. Wanna be with you but ur away.
I dont want to delete my twitter anymore D: but I have to . Grr
Look at The crowd lol
Is your bracket still going strong??
😂😂😂 shut up girl it was a typo i fixed it.
cool, I'm going to the rocky mountain national park close to Estes park in July. I didn't know about sand dunes!
knows that light travels faster than sound, which is why some people appear bright until they speak
What in your opinion is the best way to teach music, individually or as a group?
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
I just checked in at Hinton, WV using the Amtrak mobile application
Taking Authority over the Darkness...
I wish I was in Chapel Hill so I could comfort myself with a #TimeOut chicken biscuit. I've got the Tarheel blues. keeps reminding me
Thanks for the TWEET!
do you want to be able to manage and edit those custom fields via a UI or can you code it?
glad you enjoyed! your concept of aspirational subjectivity also spoke to aspirational sexuality in grindr.
Ask A Lib patron survey says I can't read. I'd respond, but I haveng liturughcee prahblems.
Teenage republican<<<<
Even Kelly and her little cohost today are talking about Mariano. I still haven't accepted it.
Off and on my way to Amy's scrub shopping baby..
Louis goes "Theres 8 of them and 7 of us. It ain't gonna work out!" I love this kid
Great quote, and it is very true!
#first48 PEOPLE KILL FOR NO REASON... RIDICULOUS... FIND SOMETHING BETTER TO DO THAN SIT AROUND THINKING OF HOW TO ROB PEOPLE.. JUST SAD ;-{
get Lou Piniella on Twitter. Want to hear about his days with Munson and Murcer.
Well I was hungry! 😳
Pardon me, Muhammad
I don't wanna change my icon :c
“: You old glitter speaker bag ass nigga”
hopefully we can meet that would be great!(:
your bed hugs you back? Where might one pick up one such bed?
I wouldn't go that far ha. If they played like they do in the playoffs all season long then you would have an argument
track meet in the mornin
What is the most unique location from which you've either delivered or heard a sales pitch?
Starbuckss for breakfast
Guilty : ‎90% people at some point in their life have tried to close the fridge slowly to see when the light goes out.
Yikes. RT : We profiled today on SME thanks to their Twitter customer service fiasco. Go read their updated Twitter bio
Very proud of myself! Summer session has only been opened since Monday and I have submitted my first three assignments.
no idea, I'm searching Netflix haha. any suggestions?
Rap Icon Heavy D Dead At 44. RIP. "Now that we found love what are we gonna do with it?"
RT : Been informed the NCAA's early-entry deadline has indeed been moved up to April 10th. Much earlier than ...
Go #Badgers! Watch #RoseBowl at #Milwaukee's best new Sports Pub, Brass Monkey 2 700 E Layton. Lots of TVs, $1 off Apps & Awesome Specials!
I just fell asleep on my desk listening to the skyrim soundtrack. Such a soothing listen.
We've figured it's going to take about 30 hours of travel to get back to Nashville from Nairobi O_0
Conservatives: please stop comparing the federal budget to personal finance. These aren't analogous concepts. Thank you.
Going to Chick Fil A for breakfast will always trump first hour.
Rangers deserve to lose
Thank you so much!
''OMG! What a cute dog!!'' *Gets Closer* *BARK BARK BARK BARK* ''Fuck you too then'' -___-
My father's hospitality is a bit out of control. Especially since he believes that it's expected that I will be the one to suffer from it.
Dr. Lee is going to VEW tomorrow, watch for live tweets
intense brodown with was sexy and exciting OF COURSE
so you're not counting Romney as significant or a leader? lol, i kid kid...
I'm looking for writers for Daily BR!NK. If you like conducting interviews with fascinating people, email me at
I'll be waiting for you
Wishing two of our members a very special and joyous birthday, Happy Birthday josephjohns and tcollins from all of us here at Myfreegenealog
In a church in #Italy, instead of a music stand, there was a microphone for me "to communicate with the organist during the concert"
Ha! That song really confused me when I was little.
of course :)
-- I don't think that really matters with 7th-rounders ...
Huge thank you to and , & all participants
'These hockey playoffs sure are awesome,' said the two people in America watching them.
Swim for the music that saves you
Enjoying a few three day weekends before the four week internship in Georgia begins! (Then another one in Jax!)
A wish that every day for u'll be happy from the start and may you always have good luck and a song within your heart
A cop asked me today, calmly .... "hey, do u have a gun on you?" If I did or didn't I wouldn't admit to it unless compelled to
new york
Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something: they're
Hey, I Just Met You, And This Is Crazy, But I Kinda Stalk You, So Call Me, Maybe? Haha(:
He sure did! RT Did you work on it??
Sorry guys for the lack of tweets, we're back but don't call it a comeback!
I think that 27 incher is my next baby, too. Amazing value.
Me and gaga had an interesting talk about basketball the other day lol
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds. -Thomas Dunn English
Thank you to for hosting a wonderful birthday bash last night.
Thanks for the S/O really appreciate it!
wow que calor! I will melt with that heat LOL
High School. Boys. Bieber. Life. damn it. asdfghjkl;
Once you get life insurance, your chances of being murdered go up.
yayayay. even if it ends up being christmas, we can go to disneyland and it'll be all pretty
I'm starving..
Varmus: true OA is no delay, and without author having to relinquish copyright
": "What would life be like if we had no courage to attempt anything." Vincent van Gogh" if we fail try again
Larry Bierke, Mount Horeb administrator who faced termination this summer, will resign next month to become the Platteville city manager.
that is
Did you see last night's #Castle? What did you think? How many Firefly references did you spot?
omg why did you tweet this
What hospital waiting room doesn't have magazines? What am I supposed to read?
awww ): Dude I love h! I remember listening to him with my mom everyday in like 5th grade! Haha
hey you!! How are you doing?
Trip to McDonalds >>>>
NCES data is for all campuses & is regardless of course delivery method. U might wish different, but it's accurate.
Going to be catwoman in a liquid tight catsuit! Party is on my street, live band, bonfire, strobe lights, the works! Excited!
about #TONS? Awesome. We had a great turnout w/ coyote & silver dancers. 1 lucky fan will win 1st round playoff tickets
Why am i still up
Mobility is a connected geographic context, not a device or a technology.
i just watched this herron out back snatch a fish out of the lake and eat it whole.... BRUTAL!
I have a new project and want to talk to people in LA area who changed their life in a big way @ 47 yrs or older. me *Please RT*
I need to watch that. I've been meaning to for years. :)
it's the little things in life that matter the most and leave the greatest impact!
A headshot will only get you into the room. After that... you're selling yourself and your talent.
ah. NOW THURSDAY?! crazzzyyyyyy!
yeah, I know. You can text me if you want. I'm about to go to work lol
yes it's peters line haha
I miss Cali :/ and all it's glory but July is when I am coming home for s couple weeks!
Also- NYT buried the story on PAGE 17!
wait was I supposed to add #coyoteruns #crispinrocks not sure how this works, but I had a blast at the run!
#Rain in San Diego. #heaven!!
offline. be on later maybe(:
Going to the Chicago premiere of "God Bless America" at tonight. I cut a slit in my dress pants to show leg like Angelina.
the wwe good guys will rise again.... :-)
I'm like a butterfly, pretty to see but hard to catch<3
Is that what you call it? It's not rampant but it happens more than I'd like. W/artists promoting themselves. Can I stop it?
Amy Winehouse music is really great for drinking to.
These people too live o. The greyhond ..sakina crazy.
so, I want to meet you and I don't know how to make it happen.
Today's the day, April 14. When I became an ICONiac ♥. Happy One Year To ALL ICONiacz ! We've gone thru so much,and we're still family. ☺
The kid stampede was a success...now where r my kids.
idk ahaha where you guys going to sleep at ?
agreed! where r u playing? golf is becoming very slow lately. r more new ppl picking it up (good thing). need to make it faster!
Don't forget TURN BACK YOUR CLOCKS TONIGHT 1 HOUR!
I vote we pay for his next transplant......a conscience.
I guess you're the only one who does hehe that's so cute! ^^ ♥
such a bad girl :D
Good! Working hardRT : how have you been...
Still snowing...
your hair is beautiful
I was born this way.
so gambino right now
Strike that, #teaching math again. Love this HS & the kids. Lots of teachers #protesting in
inspired me to go gluten- and dairy free! I've already lost 8 pounds! And I just feel so much healthier! Loving this!(:
Thanks for the share
Chad Durbin just made an appearance without giving up a run.
Ian is mesmorizing 😏
“: OH EM EFFING GEE!! just watched last nights Scandal!!!” hate it's ending next week
"The money don't sleep, so Weezy can't rest." Poor guy. That's why he needs so much purple drank.
that's the true challenge!
K I MISS U
nigga watch it
: good night ladies
": kanye west signs q-tip to his g.o.o.d music label... "<---Thats a good look!
managed to get out of #Seattle before the #snowpocalypse. See what happens when #MLA12 is over? City is desolated.
*Singing*🎤 U r good....yes U r yes U r yes U r....so good so good...U r good ALL the time ALL the time U r good😃
Feel like absolute 💩 cus of
just like in the #epl league?
lol yeah I really should
Mike Daniels fr how far back do we go with making data available? It will depend on funding
Bradley Cooper...also being interviewed backstage. Do they have a special holding tank backstage for the cast of the Hangover?
Strangely enough my freedom looks like a trombone. : )
And I totally forgot its cinco de mayo tmrw. Which makes sense why everyone wants to party lol
Its def time for new school for my #autistic 9yo boy, school should not threaten me with cops
Damn straight!
ye ik it sounds weird and creepy
"The ultimate inspiration is the deadline" -Nolan Bushnell, via
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (e64ac)
What a Joke. mentions #RonPaul in the last 5 mins of his show & just says he was "funny"
Sorry to see #gavindegraw and #karinasmirnoff leave today. What a truly nice guy he is!
I'm so excited to go home, forget everything, & cook! (What is wrong w/ me?) I'm making peanut mango stir fry & my mouth's already watering!
tell you what! When I get back from Montana. I will make plans to come see your cute face!
Well you might have a few friends but they're just as bad as you haha
The Market in Snider Plaza, Gypsy Wagon on Henderson and Sample House in Shops of Highland Park...Merry Xmas!
que rico!
goat brains?! I would only eat them prepped by these awesome chefs!!
B2B marketing requires insight into a company’s decision makers, purchase process and org dynamics before developing a marketing message.
did Miller High Life a couple years ago and it was disgusting
the other ones who opened their mouth
great, great photo!
YES!! The smell of coffee is a BIG Fave!
Hi tweeps hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful, windy Saturday.
I went to 2 grocery stores 2day- only found 1 carton unsweetened coconut milk- & NO idea when they will get more in?! [silent scream -NOO!!]
At court..sleepy head :(
You know the F train has issues when at the station it has a sign that reads "we have normal service today".
#Bills draft unhappy Gilmore
Life is silly if you see like me, so please don't take life so seriously
I'd like to order some of what looks to be rain clouds in the distance. It's too hot and too dry in ATX.
ny is not going nowhere
Each Groves residence is designed to meet accessibility requirements to ensure residents receive care in as dignified a way possible.
Such a lost cause
Lol, aww, thank u! ;) Thank God he's my Chef Emeril & great menu reader ha! RT “: ...poor coach lol”<<be nice! :p
BEN!!! And I think you guys should make him Australian all of a sudden! Why waste a sexy accent LOL
it's cool, happens to all of us. you missed out an awesome bar fight between two chicks though!
please follow back?? :]]*
so it looks like we're *all* super guilty :( In the meantime, Economic importance of coffee and tea Coffee and tea.
JCCC rocks! Clear signage, friendly people, nice space, even coffee and wifi! #sidlit is off to a good start!
Don't miss our own at Beat Kitchen on Saturday. He's playing his own show w/ some cool guests & we need you all to sing along.
Reread 2nd tweet of night. :D
The Afternoon FiX is taking over your radio waves! Tune in and get more infor at the website, keyword "Afternoon" -MC Nutt
If you don't have a Delightfully Different card yet, you're missing out on free stuff!
You do that with links though, right?
Ya he filmed 4 Travis Porter. Derek said there was someone else, but I cant remember. But I got a new director.
#3WordsOfAdvice follow me Please
hey buddy and KEEP WELL and thx 4 being an angel 2 help others! i'll check the office thx man, & sadly not going to make that G:(
Thank you- We're excited about the expanded capabilities and increased interaction with our readers! Enjoy :)
Heart is broken :( </3
You just killed in Pacific Standard Time
Don't Panic.
Which do you check first in the morning: email, Twitter, Facebook, or something else?
I always thought they should add image and link fields that don't count against the 140 character limit.
my nigga eating good
Well+Being: Rock the Creek 5K, Couples Yoga, DC Walk for Animals: Fit Fun
thx for follow, we are in the same hood!
Love the blog today. The uterus is priceless!
Steve Forbert and Sarah Borges at TCAN on 2/4. www.natickarts.org. Grizzled veteran meets spunky young rocker. Should be a blast.
yeah, when I think dubstep, I don't really think of Diplo, but there's enough good tracks to make it worth $4 IMO
gonna try and go too sleep..... Night Night:))
Anybody have any experience with Jerry Artarama framing? I have a ton of stuff to frame.
Back to the daily grind. Dreaming of the weekend already.
Be thankful for what you have because it could all be taken away tomorrow ..
About to buy a Austin Mahone bracelet(:
when is the Tom Baker years episode by episode book due out? I have read the first three and I'm looking forward to the next one
the comment my step dad made yesterday trying to be all funny<<
Looks like they choose not to cover the Kodak sign with a dirty sheet.
Get a little naughty in your music female artists if you like. But wild & nasty,save it for your man. Lady in the streets, you know the rest
haha! dual language show. Got to get ourselves listened all over the world!
There are some REALLY under estimated musicians, and it's really sad. People with no talent are more noticed than people that are amazing.
Subsidy for food security will be fully provided : Pranab
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! I will be celebrating at lunch time, most likely pepper jack for me, cheddar for baby.
Sorry for the inconvenience, we're looking into it.
Thank you to everyone who attended the Heart to Art Soiree! Together we raised $300 in support of arts education!!!
You too! RT : thankyou so much have a great weekend :-D xx
lerobin had as much business winning MVP as Jared Dudley did.
I don't think anyone would be. :p
Dang Ricky Bobby spins and gets damage. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Warning #1: Didn't know how to make a Sazerac. #2: No Peychaud's bitters. #3: Used dry vermouth in a Manhattan & just "swished it together."
Sad...I was just starting to like !
Boring where is the sun
Hi -- could you say hello to my students and give them a link to your edutech site?
when you get a chance let me know how you're feelin the track.
Sobriety is the worst
Band practice today. Fingers crossed for a few more demos!
It cracks me up when i see 'photographers' using a tripod to shoot portraits in broad daylight.
Yes there is: Deli dog House in Janesville WI.
That's a good one!
Just heard Best Intentions on Great catching up w/ you guys at PD this wknd. Keep it going!
Tuesday Twinkles
Ima look fly ass fuck on senior citizen day
This Friday it is going down at Club Aurora Richmond Alley Boy is performing live and your favorite models Divine Adonia (A-don-ya) &….
Got some floaters in my drink... No care
haha well I am! End of! & yeah I know, everybody's in that phase rn, just let me know :)
Cool, glad to make the connection
Just hearing that the third floor partially collapsed at the justice center. Also hearing that some workers or still unaccounted for.
If Ihop delivered I would be the happiest person alive.
#confession I got a thing for light skinned girls
“: s/o to !!! watchin my FAVORITE movie 8 Mile.... :) #shesDOPE” Thanks fam
Who's coming to #EarthFest this weekend? The Spin Doctors, Third Eye Blind, Eve 6 and Switchfoot will be there. Will you?
Now Waiting On My Food <3
I be frontin all the time. Dontchya know?
I feel so fucking stupid.
At one TIME there was the movie THE THREE FACES OF EVE. The next TIME the movie was SIXTEEN FACES OF SYBIL. Now MITT ROMNEY is up to bat.
Good Luck Nico! You can Do It!
Wizards Of Waverly Place Ends tonight! :'(. My childhood too...
THAT SUBSITUTE WAS GRAND;)
great another sample...
perfect plan. shall we meet in NYC?
Great tribute to #mikewojciechowski tonight Way to go Woj!
Summer is a great time to invest in your home!
do send the link for your demo. :)
You can never go wrong with some Grey's Anatomy watching on a Sunday afternoon. The early seasons of course.
Accomplished. Anything else?
Check out blog about Diosa Costello, a living legend who wowed audiences in her day and today at 94 years old
Create Goodness 🙌
Thanks guys.
Did you get your FREE Small HOT Coffee today? ^Eugene/Portland area only
FOLLOW IMMEDIATELY(: YOU WON'T REGRET ITT. I KNOW I DIDN'T(;
To all our entrants in the recipe contest: share your recipe with your friends and get your votes! Good luck and thanks for entering.
I love the bad girls club but I would love to beat Nikki's ass she is a stupid bitch an I would beat her ass any day bring it bitch???!!!
Wow! That's quite a canopy of cherry blossoms.
Hey, , Hello Thank you for having us. This looks great.
To me, #ToddandBlair ended on January 13th.
monsters vs. aliens=funniest animated movie
When are y'all wearing the silver uni's?
where you sitting??
really need "delete from search results"
I think it's time to start making Valentine's Day plans with myself, maybe I'll start a little early & treat myself to a coffee and a movie.
that one picture stayed as my avi for far too long.
writing about myself in the 3rd person, for a valid reason = too much fun
Tonight is the last night!
that's whatsup. Just responding since no1 else did
Congrats to the Richmond Kickers for winning @ KC in the USOC last night! Good luck at Chicago in the semis.
Fuck y'all.
Ugh only 1 hour of peace left
No shade ;) RT : and yes, I bumped up my meds in anticipation of 72 hours of being by myself w the kids this weekend. sigh.
Peppers is unstoppable! Dig it!
NZDUSD in upside breakout mode.
It's scrabble on your phone. Simple and fun. :)
-- maybe just an honest one.....have a nice weekend...DJ
CAN U MAKE HIM JIZZ TWICE???
Are you teaching Metrics and Analytics next week?
brown sugar an roast in oven at 425° for 20-25mins and turn them oc
Monstro Releases Social Music Charts -- First Charts to Measure Music Shared on Social Networks
Man what happened to my real niggas
It's been 184 days since we've seen 70 degrees in PDX. Could Andy Carson emerge from Witness Protection Program this weekend??
Going to Cirque du Soleil tonight! First time for me and super excited!!
Prime example. Chill dude.
So #aha12 is Brody Jenner to #mla12's Kim Kardashian? Them's fightin' words, my friend.
Join us for lunch and sports!
Mothers day dinner with the mommy <3
Those Cyclones, they can getcha...
Málaga, Spain... when you think of Spanish food, don't think burritos, quesadillas, etc.
nicki minaj roman reloaded album is the best
Carey Mulligan: What do you do? Ryan Gosling: I drive.
is the 2pac of our era in my eyes..no other artist tells a story like joe
I never called u fat.
Getting ready for another wonderful webinar with in the Teaching Online course. Incredible learning going on. Will try to share.
that air mattress is dumb. and says you're a "BITCH!" For not talking to her lololol
u baby
I don't think that I've ever seen Brewer argue a call that vehemently.
Revolution in #Libya?
thanks ! See you again on Friday!
Had a great co-organizer meeting yesterday - talked website, first meetup, and Hildy J. DM to get on our mailing list!
Exactly. Will have to try it :) “: we're a tequila company, every day is a great day =)”
::It takes a real woman to know when to walk away...
We'll have a booth at Creation Festivals next week... come hit us up...
I believe this is equivalent to a Facebook "like", thanks lady!
Nothing Much just dropping my Best Friend off :(
RT : YES would hurt me if I didn't.. #sunscreenFAN RT Hope you wore your sunscreen during...
I hate I missed it....
His step will cause his whole arm to swing more while a woman's steps will cause her arms to swing more from her elbows down
You know, there's a reason Kendrick didn't make the rotation out of ST.
Anytime. I'm here if you need me. But, thank you. You're not bad yourself. :)
Thanks everybody for sharing on
oh well..nvm
happy birthday!!
In essence, you cant tax a disabled person's wheelchair, prosthetic, or other means to pay lifetime Autism special needs costs
Its not hard to make money
"I want to extend my art perhaps into something that doesn't exist yet""Like falling off the edge?""Yes, I would like to do that" Eva
Want 2 watch the behind the scenes of "War Horse" the puppetry is incredible & captivating! Sure 2 be a gr8 show!
Good to know because that was the only thing I was worried about.
oh son of a bitch
Just saw Jim Thome hit his 600th career homerun one of the classy guys in baseball
I forgot Japan went through alot of shit this yr glad Japan won though
we're sneaking in gummies next time. RT : Sorry I couldn't make it. Another time. That's an order.
Happy St. Patrick's Day #Cincinnati! What are your plans today with/without the kids? #StPattysDayCincy 🍀
Gotta love #mahler ! nothing like listening to 5 symphonies (:
I'll call you tomorrow...
Giants, Cain agree to 5-year extension
oh lawd . keep it up and you might get a double tap -_-
she does!
M&A Tip of the Day~don't forget that capital gains taxes will most likely double on January 1st 2013
i hope cursive is not near extinction. i practiced all those years for nothing!
Ah I could get use to this front porch sitting lifestyle ! Love it !
Thanks but Lil Cousin you did not have to bustme out
The Bob is not happy.
I meant like, that last .3 seconds were pointless & these refs are always giving Lakers chances.
Just got my speeding ticket dismissed! Yippey!!
Heading to NBA jam session in Orlando...
Did you know? It takes the same amount of time to age a cigar as wine!
thanks for retweeting! How did the event go?
ny times has great resources
Last nights CD Release Party was a great success. thanks to all who came out to show your support!!!!!
So Kobe went and planted his child porn on Chris Andersen's computer. We all know Kobe likes underage white girls in Colorado.
yes love
Now your just somebody that I used to know..Greatness!!
#vvbf Eating locally in the desert being discussed on stage at the Vegas Valley Book Festival by writers and community organizers.
Àwkward moments with ma tutor
Great times bud much love im on the hop for home RT : bloodys?
I felt somewhat bad today because I was helping one of my bosses select applicants to call for interviews, and my opinions eliminated some.
RT : #naturalhair has given black women the chance to be successful in owning beauty supply stores check out...
Realizing I haven't been to #ralphsrecords once this year. What is wrong with me?!
Do anyone els have a step dad they hate!!!! Cuz that's happing to me!!
idgaf about the density of water, when will I ever use this & yes im bored
Why is A Bag Of Weed trending?
Thanks y'all!
(aka Victor Villareal), (aka Legs Like Tree Trunks), and Meryll were incredible last night. The music was good, too
not really I'm just having the family over like usual but it's still exciting! How about you?
I think I'm funny. Good enough, right?
At Wet'n'Wild! So many sexy people here today(; Someone should come with me?!
On that Sapong game-winner for : Centerback failures from Chivas. Pearce shoved off ball, McKenzie caught staring.
Belt Testing this saturday at 1:30pm
nope. Just tell that chapter you love it while u read something else...
that happens to everyone
God damn chicago, didnt know u had this kinda 4th of july spirit, but right on.
+1 RT : No matter how much older and wiser I get, I still touch when I see a "Wet Paint" sign.
its kinda akward when ppl tlk to me abt stuff I dnt really care abt.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps The Kids From Yesterday by MCR
come visit me girl ;D
My pleasure! Well deserved.
I wish, can't make it this year. :( Ur going right?
u guys need to repeat the show at night. .:-)
Are parents shouldn't be in the same things we're in ...to the point where the parents ARE the
Watching Looney Tunes with Viggle Wed | 12PM | Cartoon Network Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I don't even know.
We're glad you enjoyed #LiNC! Have a safe trip back, Marissa! We hope to see you again soon.
I am currently using Visio 2010... It has allot of parts to master, and at first I was overwhelmed...
Thanks luv. ...when we find "the One", I'll post pics. Happy Friday Jenn.
Don't forget about our contest for the Action Item prize pack! It's a close race for first place!
I'm here for you(: Text me if you need me 865.809.2945
If you are familiar with Iraqi company sources, please help a librarian out on helpalibrarian.com (see, Iraqi Companies)
enjoying everything from the kitchen and the bar. Glad to have a new great spot in town!
prove it!!
": Dear heart, please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, not to catch feelings."
I am, and have been, a zombie for the last three years.
#TrainingTip: For stair climbing, it's important to train in a real stairway ,instead of just hopping on the stairclimber at the gym
Wanna go to All for the Hall?? Keith Urban,Dolly Parton,John Mayer, Alan Jackson, Martina, Miranda Lambert, Alison Krauss Billy Currington
Nice to meet you. I look forward to speaking soon!
Thank you, Mr President. You've chosen the right side of history.
TEAM (9866-Kick) signed up for: Summer Vancouver Co-Ed Kickball at Luke Jensen Park (Turf) Sundays.
A Walk To Remember is one of my favorite movies that I've seen once...and ever since then it comes on and I always miss it :((
ON THE GRIND VOL.1 I need yall to do me a drop to bra
idk if your allowed ? My mom is getting mad for just bringing people over tia.
Have fun
Top Top Natural Breast Enlargement Products Reviews?! SPEC
I've got a futon for sale!!
follow and - they follow back!!
: Happy Friday Ash!
Thor really is the kindest poker player of them all! Everybody loves him!
Yes, but not for fungible reasons -- "been in the family for...". Suggest close attention to electificiation/plumbing retrofitting.
Today I did a total of 55 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 3, Day 3, Level 1)
will u please follow me?
Lightning and thunderstorms over Beachwood Cyn. Better make sure your gadgets are charged, Hollywood.
Movie Genius Pro for iPhone
cannot wait, its all coming up very fast
“: #checkplease” can you wrap the Togo thanks
I thought this was one of Colorados safest cities? LOL!!!!
Reminds me of early writing advice I got: "If you're a writer, don't borrow. Steal."
Gym mode
Agreed! It should be banned from public consumption b/c it automatically brings back bad memories.
I want to go back to school
Stop lying to people and date him already. It would prove two major things: 1) He's not gay. 2) You're not an idiot
that would be awesome that place was pretty badass
is 95 levels of awesome. We are just saying.
This is getting out of hand. I REALLY need like 8 more hours in each day!! Can someone take care of that for me please??
When they kick out your front door How you gonna come? With your hands on your head Or on the trigger of your gun
Probably getting Tiger Woods '10 today
sounds fun!
Up and out the door! Back to running again. Wish me luck!
Pbout 2 play b-ball with my sister. I'm gonna run her into the ground! :)
We "lost" jeagers tennis ball
Keep chanting for your sanity.
Check out today’s show at theCityFM.com. All Podcasts, All the Time.
jus made a camera obscura in my bedroom
Can U Follow Me Please Big Fan Of Your Show Bucket And Skinner
I knew you'd appreciate that one! Can't wait to hear how your new gig is going.
Yes, please! Even better. Btw, did you see Tinker, Tailor? Just saw it tonight - lots of BC goodness (but no dressing gowns).
follow for me? same person different account.
A Day in the Country music festival has been roping in fans for 27 years
Close To Home tonight. so stoked
they changed it, in at 3 now hotstuff. Did you? lol I can't deal anymore
Just woke up. No school !:P
Lefty just bitchslapped Tiger's comeback party!
Yes! RT 100% of them already are beautiful! RT : 72% of girls told us they feel tremendous pressure to be beautiful.
love love love your video about Hope to see you Friday at teerex!
So glad to see endorse Education plan. They will show that good things can happen if we work together!
#iReallyHateWhen You get a 'Maybe" but you're expecting a "Yes"
I needed to get it together. Fashion is all around me. It's like being in a candy store!!
Reading clash of kings. Excellent. #winteriscoming #thankGodsoisgameofthrones!
Why do I need to do that again :\
love you too buddy!!!
Ladies: Don’t worry if you’re single. God is looking at you right now saying, “I’m saving this woman for someone special.”
thank you for a beautiful mothers day morning! I LOVE YOU!
I wish you all the greatest happiness and success.
Sunshine, curly hair, makeup. Shopping then movies?
O yea and as for everyone else, fuck em
Want a free copy of our EP "Fail Yourself" and some other goodies? RT this for your chance to win. We will be selecting 3 winners at 5pm.
Aha! A successful trial DNS change means a launch is now just around the corner! Still a little bit of work to be done to finish up...
Lightning talk: Katie, Geographer, President of Wikimedia DC. Working with cultural institutions in the region.
ofcource<3 but .. your perfect so lol.. you can't do anything wrong:)
seconds after it is decapitated
If your sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air 🙌
Omw to school .
Andre Miller just went Fred Brown.
Go Bucks! Fuck Michigan!
Its soo hard for me to trust em' i cant give em' my all !
Oops, Shaun, my bad. Haha. This is why I don't try and spell names without lookin' 'em up first :D
wow. I don't know who you are anymore.
I want to cry
Checked into views and welcoming charm, greeted with foot massages!
You are very welcome. Have a great New Year!
I might unfollow 3 ppl for lame tweets...you kno who you are >;/
aww haha that sucks. I have to go to school :c wahh haha
that was funny doe xD
RIP Steve Jobs
Late to respond to your link, , but the writing stuff was good.
Ouch? :) Good night.
R u serious? RT : I don't understand what are talking about. I just tried #PepsiNext and it is God!!
DON'T MAKE ME CRY THIS MORNING...it's too early!!
Off for my morning "nap" then out on the town to hunt for cds, records and whatever else I can flip.
have since locked back up but I was quite fond of Miss Jessie's products for a twist out. Esp. Curly Pudding.
Gah! I just realized I have no electricity!! ok don't panic. eat the ice cream now, charge phone on laptop reserve... /hyperventilating
bubba birdie for the win right here right now
Welcome to twitter, Todd!
Always treat your woman like a lady.
Happy Monday, how is everybody doing?? xoxo
My mom is ridiculous.
Hello from the future!
Pepper&Egg. Eggplant M
Going to the fire on girard! Open mic!
Don't miss our cookies and strawberries - An assortment of our best selling cookies garnished with strawberries @ Firehook Bakery!
To all of the ladies upset about Justin Timberlake getting engaged: I'm ready to pick up the pieces of your broken hearts.
just do it! Really pretty funny, and it's good to laugh at yourself every now and then.
Solve world hunger: eat criminals.
Great game last night. I didn't think an empty net goal would be so satisfying...but it really was.
nah that book got to much drama lmao
Life always has speed bumps but NOTHING will stop us from completing our dreams and the fire from our passion is stronger then ever!!
i miss u
I *may* have burst out laughing when the guy said "It has a pen!" Yes, I too had a palm pilot...in 1990-something.
Airport sushi. This should be interesting.
are you coming tomorrow? =]
You better shut your mouth before I fuck it.
RT : At the RSuite User Conference. Speaking later on "How eBooks are Generating New Interest in Content Management"
need help choosing: Strawberry Cheesecake, Coconut Cashew, or Chocolate Peanut Butter?!? Can't wait to try!!!
She wanted to be a gold digger not a grave digger
not anymore just extremely hungry.
Still in awe over the end of the game. My man-crush on Brady Hoke continues to grow.
New KG design for the 1 sevs, no gentleman on the bottle anymore #apalled whaaa?
And student selection? How much leeway should public charters have regarding the students they serve? Would Cartmenez be admitted?
Thank you for including us!
3 spots left for the webinar tonight. Don't close your doors if your doing #debt settlement, we have the only 100% FTC compliant program
I'm crazy.
what to do on this nice dayy
Love it! Bring it on please! lol
That must mean shamrocks in March!
everyone is getting extensions. hahaha
Why do I even bother.
CBS signs The Onion for a new fake news series? The LCP has been mocking the news for years.
just wanted to say I appreciate all the hard work you have done and helped make my iPhone a better device. Thanks a lot :)
The Aqua Teen Hunger Force Season 4 menu has been playing on a loop for an hour because I can't be bothered to go upstairs and turn it off.
RT - Public on the Over rather on the Cleveland game.Looking for the Indians to avoid the sweep as well.Two fucking losers p...
TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE!!! $5
Thanks for following! Looking forward to seeing you !
Honestly, I just keep thinking about her little boy losing his mom so young, and I ache for him. I fucking hate cancer.
Invited a coworker to play Quizzo w/ us tonight. This could either be fine or a HUGE mistake. Still not used to having coworkers my own age.
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
let me get this straight guys. Toronto can review a goal but not an illegal hit like on Hoss?
Moving beyond the 3%: Women Entrepreneurs are breaking our own self-imposed glass ceilings every day
Virgin daiquiri.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 4
thanks! It rained on us all day long. Cold and wet. We were glad to see some friendly faces though!
: saw ur show last week w/the mother of murdered daughter and children of murderers.
People lie so much. It's disgusting.
competitive memory competitions? hmm.....
I can't spell but will win at scrabble
Rest, rest.
My arms have drained near all the flesh out of my boobs. I have reaching syndrome with a rule out for pania.
Mobile JSTOR? Planning a design for 320x480, remote authentication, w/ installed app.
Went back in time last night
I'm down fa my man Ray. I'm happily taken..
The love below. (That never gets old) RT : "What's wrong? What are you afraid of?"
Okeeee Kooo thats wassup Gone head and ddoo that and guess what i made a new rap
I don't have no time bull shit,Mane im ballin like Jordan in 96
My friend made me watch some of you videos today...I think I'm in love you now ㅋㅋㅋ Shimmy, WHY R U SO AWESOME??
yeah, turns out I worked with him briefly back in Corvallis. Small world.
I ain't afraid to eat fried chicken and dirty dance to Merle
and 50% of the traffic from me to news-media sites (the other 50% being twitter)
Thanks! Same to you. Though the only rocking happening here is a sick little one in the rocking chair!
thanks, it was a pleasure meeting you and the family.
ok why? Love that movie!
Super hyper!!!!
How is everyone doing today?
Doing a show when you're sick is NOT fun. Tonights show is gonna be fun! Come out and see it in Red Bank at Count Basie. Great talents!!!!
Going to Virginia today. What up.
ok I'll be down next week
every time im on here ur not
Any shows I should hit in Cali? Will be in LA area from 4/6-4/12.
RT : Brothers and Sisters can marry each other in North Carolina but gay couples in love can't? I call bullshit.
if u do it, I def need a pic. Preferably one with u nekkid. Lol seriously, I think it would look good.
Not now, I need food intake
i Find you TRYNa GET EVEn more closer to me haha
So many idiots at fests
I know I do. So I have a red folder.. I hope she takes it haha
ahh hell nah!!!
I can't wait to get back on my summer sleeping pattern.
It's your choice....BE CHOOSEY!!
lmbo you are TOO silly... well im def gonna stop by to see you tomorrow then and ill just ask ben when yall play
Someone should make flavored retainers
Can't wait to see them!
Even if you're not attending the wine tasting tonight, you can join us afterward at Amerigo (), around 8:30
AH FUCK RT : He still a HEAT fan you aint doing shit RT : i change david all the time. fuck is he talking about?
leave me alone.
On my way to Paris in a few hours...stressed and excited. A lot of work ahead, but very good energy. Next tweet will be from there :)
sure! hope it works out!
October 4th & 5th, Fortune is streaming the annual Most Powerful Women Summit to a virtual audience. I want to get a group together to view…
thanks Jon
no worries. I'll join you in a few hours when we get to dinner and we can indulge together.. er, virtually. ;-)
Back at the booth at #OAH12, talking about books, teaching history, and more. We're here until five. Stop by!
She loves playing with fire Nox. But it is part of her charm yes? Love the sketches by the way. xoxo to you both!
Happy Cinco De Mayweather everybody. R.I.P Michelle Cotto
I recall there was a rumor that they did write something like that...it was a twitter thing. Or did I dream it?
Say What You Mean, and Mean What You Say.
Weezer should play The Gorge. That is all.
you are simply incredible!! #skyscraper is amazing
Check out my cuz Pop Up Shop TONITE and TOMORROW for !!!
I can't even deal with the babeness of the cast. I wanna see it again already.
Thank you Saturday for being such a bitchy mcbitchy-bitch. -_-
alright I'll take it! You're the best!
they are! But I'm grateful because every month I have that sigh of relief that I'm not pregnant :D
forreal??...that shirt goes hard yo....
Jesus: I was hanging on the cross for five hours.
wasgood my guy how you been ? still with that basketball shit ?
lmao! Oh... But really?
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love, we are only afraid of not being loved in return.
how does auto correct get kastine from lacrosse?
and now out of playoffs... Boo
Have a good night Mikeal. Love you so much with all my hearts lol and I will talk back this week
MultiMediaMix, where local media matters!
yay ny post has lil article about video i was in. sadly the still they showed did not have me in it
Subways in new york city are the most confusing/annoying ways to travel in existence.
As do you too friend, as do you.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Prom dress shopping w/ my sister part 2 today :) dress fitting & shoes
Just so upset 💔, parents left to the mother land and I couldn't give my goodbyes.
wanna be on a fan video for or ? :)
Have you guys been spinning "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !? If you, haven't you really should! That'smy jam!
roll out the rd carpet for and you guys win multiple Championships! you gotta be recruitin' I bet.
My TWC Food Network is out. Ugh. Rough approximation, but I'd guess that 35% of my channels on Time Warner work 60% of time.
I'm so anxious about tomorrow that I can't even sleep.. awesome.
You grab it and say "Captured B*tch!" Sorry, I don't know. :-( Hope it made you laugh at least. =]
Pretty sure Jack N the Box has the same effects as agent orange.
thanks for the shout out...you should message us and see what we can do to expand out of the states
hold on Water for Elephants by Sara Gruen.
Aw Kendall and Niall that's cute
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles.
well at least the half time mix sounds good. last year sucked!
What's worse than insomnia? Insomnia and a severe back sprain. #Can'tEvenBeProductive
tuna salad sandwich...LOL
I find Lea Michele insanely attractive, (like INSANELY attractive) but she has some of Glee's worst derps xD
Kind of upset that I didn't think of using Bladerunner for my fb pic.
speaking of fight you should bring Steve mac up and let him loose on Philly Saturday
Awe thanks, I'll let them kno :) Ur very close, they are Border Collies RT : they're beautiful! aussies?”
wheres the money in the bank match? Thats the most exciting match ever and you don't have it in Wrestlemania XXVIII
you better not. lol
Indian Rocks Beach or Indiana. Which is better??...
must i do #Imagine ?
Catalyst Catamarans would be more fuel efficient and environmentally friendly
Hype for the new #DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER my fave show
Blogs are multimodal but mostly text, surprisingly, in their findings. Language used is very similar to analog writing—not "netspeak."
WOW. My Lakers are having a public meltdown.
#teamfollowback Need more follows? We ALWAYS follow back!!
Vision without action is simply hallucination. Action without vision is randon activity. What's your day going to be like? Brad Hager
I don't think he'll finish in the top 5 when it's all over.
heart the weld guy!
Pretty sure i just blew a subwoofer. Dammit.
Awesome news! What is your pace at?
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Nice choice for number 500. Congrats!
well....guess at least it wasn't premade and sitting under a warmer
you tease me lol
Crawling into bed. U2 cover band sucked ass. 7thx7th party was weak. But never have I ever/pong with my friends was fun.
8/...RT : Is it fair to call Andrew Bynum the NBA's best center right now?
Being ignored sucks , but knowing your being ignored sucks even more .
RIP Scoob, You made Nashville a better place and I loved your show when I was stationed at Ft Campbell
thank god!
I thought you were talking about the 1910's.
W/all the attention for Strasburg, should I be painting the National's park? Is anyone interested in that park? (I think it's pretty new..)
Trying to get ahold of about joshie
I think I understand how you feel. I'm kind of in a similar boat. :( *hugs*
We do it up for my birthday bash tonight!!!! LETS CELEBRATE
If zombies could tweet, what would they tweet?
#ARocketToTheMoon! :D nice lyrics
Hope to see you International Plaza, RonaldTutorCenter #PMIYinLA #MUSICisGREAT I'll be wearing t-shirt
The roommate's moving home today. Anyone know where I can get sage to burn?
I LOVE MY MASON FAMILY THEY ALWAYS LOOK OUT FOR YA GIRL!
Agree! Hope you're well...long time! RT Josh Hamilton has 5 RBI
not complaining just making an observation ! That was the best word I could use to describe it
Just received e-mail that is closing. Sad. Inspired me to build in Flex. Creativity in tech bears no legacy for so many :(
Watching the Packer game with the family!
Great day doing business around Did the TGIF thing at and now, The Deep Blue Sea at The Loft. Love Tucson!
Just got home from #Hubbs - was a really great morning/afternoon. Now off to work!
You saw Avengers last Friday, this Friday The Sour Patch.$10 @ 8pm reserve your seats.
We help promote player on our website everything is free
love the pic
yeah i have one..
PA plans a little longer than you thought they'd be?
I agree - it's really wonderful.
Once again, Happy Bday to my jr.
Going tanning :)
That's a hard one... I am guessing boyfriend on right.
Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Romans 12:2
I love a bitch with a couple stretch marks on her ass
#SmackDown come on john morrison
Sorry to hear about your divorce... how are you doing? follow me.
thanks bro!
Wow, that sounds great! You should contact
Starting off with a Two Tortugas? We like your style!
There are some mean people on the Internet y'all
ough and the genre of music that I am also passionate about. I truly feel called to stop living in the past of angst filled lyrics and ...
is cool & yet frustrating at the same time. Like #drawsomething pic you can't guess :-p
This is a freaking joke
YAY KUNITZ GOT A GOAL!!!!!! I'm so happy!
You know whatever the days bring,I still have to stop and think those people in Japan,day after day there seems to be bad news for them.
Great. U?
time is love, gotta run.
anytime my friend!!!
We get them because my husband almost died at his job of 30 years? Does that make us bad people?
im meeting you when you move to seattle
Went to Dick's Sporting Goods store earlier today. It's their second day working since yesterday gran opening here in St. George, UT love it
Holy eff. I'm very hungry :/
Upcoming for our website: Hard to find ACCEL Thunder Twin items for Harley Davidson motorcycles will be listed in January. Will sell quickly
lol if you find one to buy, let me know!
I've lived in Cali for a few weeks, and only a few of those days have been sunny. What is going on?
Aww why do you say tht.
OMG is where is so we can make up a dance?!?!?!
We do get president's day off...
#MyBoyBlueIII AKA Blue is killing me...dog has 15 toys and cant pick which one to play with! HAHA!
Reasons to become rich: to have a personal chef
24th. (all dates are on the academic calendar.)
I wonder if your thinking about me. :)
“: The t-shirt I got last night and the show they played >> #ILoveVelero” I love velero
I miss you more
: Or should I say "the Obi-Wayne Kenobi of Programming."
you don't have to keep tweeting that the contest is over
We'll take it as a compliment? Thx! RT : Am I really crying right now watching the boston pops on the fourth that I dvr'd ugh...
I feel accomplished. Designed a "get off my butt and do something at a gym" plan for myself for my
Happy #FF everyone
Car wash <-- do you do this less in the fall and winter?
SO EXCITED LOU! expecting only the best from you guys xx
O2 is toxic at depths far less.
. Will SES make a difference? Is homework quality/quantity assigned based on perceived support from parents?
Nope. I can find some bright spots in Everyday and Stand Up. But those will be the only albums where songs are skipped.
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
wht u got up 2moro? We goin to listening session.
How are the wife and kids!
1 more day till we make La Salita history!!!
I don't feel the need to show off our relationship, or demonstrate our love, we know we are in love
That would work fine for me. Mine could be an arial shot. I'm willing to try anything at this point.
I'll be lucky if my brain isn't mush by 11 pm tomorrow. lucky.
I do what I can. I hope you checked out the video on my blog.It is a motivator for me, just to see what other push themselves for
Who knows about pizza beer night might be canceled. What the fuck
Now following #BBN go follow him and show him the love! 💙
TRAFFIC: Lights out - East Washington @ East Springs Drive - officer directing traffic
Its gonna b what its gonna mothafuckin be
contrary to conventional wisdom, Jock Jams does not make everything more exciting. logging information into excel is impervious its wiles.
My car is pissing me off!
Leading ENDER'S GAME book discussion tomorrow. Talking point: Did Orson Scott Card model Ender on Robert E. Lee?
fear over being late?
news clippings collections: to mulch or compost?
we have a broccoli-microwaver here too. no bueno!
It's been raining here a LOT! Do u still get your workouts in when u can't get outdoors? I have lots of dvds to use when I can't get out!
been thru the fire, but now im out! Lol...I'm gonna hit your email up this week.
cautionary tales of swords?!
yes you are, you've won sytycd season7, you have an amazing boyfriend, you've been in tour w/ sytycd, etc :) yes you're lucky
Full time: What a disappointing result for Chelsea, up 3-0, draw 3-3. Thrilling match for fans though.
Gives me the beat advice. I <3 it
so cute. Enjoy yourself.
I'm 94% sure the direct center of this thunderstorm is over my house... It's a strobe light party outside.
Wishing everyone a Happy and Safe St. Patrick's Day! Raise a glass to family and friends!
The Electric Horse And Carriage Is The Solution To A Cruel And Outdated Industry In Large Urban Centers
so brored bye :)
haha, worst I've ever heard interviewing one is "i just call my rich uncle"
Do you suffer serenity attacks? Ask your psychiatrist now for Noprofitiazone, a new treatment involving electrodes and firecrackers.
please follow back ! :)
well next time you are in LA hit me up
for a second I thought u were mindless behavior cause' I t said mindless behavior and 9 others followed and I'm like WHAT!(:
RT Ah yes, the Kentuckee Darbye. I always enjoyed the post-race drop in the price of adhesive.
fan of Allen anderson
who emailed it
what does that mean? Arriving airport now give me some minutes
#MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget No Duh???
Alpha waves = signs of creativity. Not gamma rays Hulk.
Newest amendment, from Rep. Wardlow, would make People's Stadium a "right-to-work" zone. Stadium plan's maine author, Rep. Lanning, opposes
that's good, bro. Life gets tough, but stay positive.
Single release party tonite for NeMiss Bowery Poetry Club 8 sharp! Official single with Chris Rob in DJ Spinna drops in August.
My advice: find something that's exercisey but also fun to do. For example, ballroom dance classes, rollerblading, trampoline.
Any of my followers ever do #internationalization for #XBLIG? Did you find a good response? Increased sales?
Enjoy the day sir! I know the feeling!
thats awesome. Ur a babe. Ur voice makes this white chocolate melt. ;-)
Haha thank you :)
whats good twitter
Another devastating injury sustained by Baron Davis which further demonstrates an unfortunate whack #NBA season
Leody's is hiring. Tailor or seamstress needed. Know anyone?
Sweet story today. Pen pals with a friendship 57 years long and oceans between them. They say they are soulmates. At 5 on the News on 6!
#oomf thinks im stupid....I'm extremely close to giving them their walking papers...tired of bs.
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, where mother is. ~Keith L. Brooks
WELLLTHEN you can stand up then, BUT OTHER THAN THAT YOU MUST SIT DOWN.
being able to eat tacos and study torah?
I haven't said anything dirty to you in a few days. Are you proud of me?
#realtime Arsenio Hall + Bill Maher is AWESOME
Almost forgot to tell you May The 4th Be With You
There’s always some truth behind ‘just kidding’. Emotion behind ‘I don’t care’. ~Unknown
No prob. I got the orange shirt, but it's a secondary team on my sports hierarchy.
Test/Exam Day, Wish me luck!
#SemperFi!! Follow me & my fellow #vets work at #OpOliver &
well hi there :) thank you! <3
lol i love how u had to add a hashtag to sprint and verizon
Nothing like starting on a Monday, 8 weeks left to get in shape!
Senior citizens in Stamford revisit school memories
what do you, I'm all of those things too! Btw, how did the presentation go?
Powerful force embraced with ultimate truth...
wow. Good god she's clueless.
The moment when spring break turns from languid relaxation to the terrifying spectre of a looming stack of grading.
I'll text you later this week & we'll plan something 😘
I need a country writer.
now and then i think of all the times you screwed me over
a deep tissue or trigger point therapy would help the muscles involved with your pain
I see your wavy exterior and think it looks FINE!!!!
I have a feeling that several laws are being broken in the room above me.
Indeed, it's as though "they" don't know where they are! #openyoureyes LOL
Thanks Angie...hope all is well with you and Brad.
#3WordsForYou ; follow me, k?
Began reading Pascal Mercier's Night Train to Lisbon on Governor's Island today with a festive band & dancers enchanting our spirits.
I guess Hardin of an Elbow! Ha!
The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.
Whats up dude? Im totally in. Lets do it. Bring me the jersey and its done. You should also plan a trip to SF or Chicago.
You are a mixergy guy too!? I watched that interview live. Thanks! Do you have any other feedback?
cool story bro.
I just had a real vivid dream where I witnessed a plane crash. The humanity!
And you take me the way I am.
The show is bustling this morning. So many wonderful accents on the floor.
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
It's cold and rainy in Austin today. I think I picked the wrong day to wear shorts!
RT Entitled woman to exercise private instructor: "I just came from the hairdresser so don't make me sweat."
Great list! Will send it out!
This child learned how to keep a poker face in self defense.
How do you personally define "art"?
If I ever have kids I'm having more than one. Only children are spoiled brats. Like me.
That awkward moment when eveyone else stopped laughing 5 minutes ago, But you can't stop. lol
So sad.
That's what we like to hear!
Dont forget to Like us on facebook and spread the word! thanks!
I was so hoping I would wake up and my parents would have left already because I reeeaallyy don't wanna go with them.
That wasn't an STF, straight up doing a crippler crossface.
Is it Friday yet? Nope, but it's almost 2, so time for the #2oclocktwittertakever do it! Send in your shout out, call somebody out....BOOM!
Last weekend was full of slow news days. Did you see any “fluff” news stories? Holidays are the best time to get some free publicity.
Never knew #Wendy's had breakfast #good morning
it's gorgeous, but nothing more than an exercise in giallo aesthetic. I feel the best giallos are the same as good thrillers.
Ready for your #INTERVENTION? doors are open at L Bar in Rehoboth Beach!
Right to Lambeau
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." Elbert Hubbard. TY Bobbie Goheen
I love to talk #books and Packers! If you're near Oconto, WI, come and meet me tomorrow 4-5 at !
Dallas!!! Check us out at the Dub Show Tour! We are in your city May 20th!!!
Yep. Question: Are the liquor/beer stores open in Wisconsin on Sunday?
Ok... Why is dis nigga walking round wit a book? WTF! And a drink! Lol!
So what do you like best about the renovated Thompson Library? Let us know?
I love when people act like Boss Man and Bernard 'got better' when they went to Japan. They were awesome before
I told you so.
Excited For New Jonas Album
I said it before, I'll say it again. No one in the league can stop Westbrook. But he's self-destructive. Just wait.
which one??
The gas in mexico and china.
Goodnight :I
The aesthetic of the ancient Greeks is a technological sublime that is not afraid to include failure in its "calculations."
Let's run away and never look back
Quandary: I'm struggling to integrate my thinking on my new blog piece in Integrated Thinking! Like looking into 2 mirrors on opposite sides
Today, is National Weed Day so I'm gonna light this crack pipe up and see why crack heads can't get enough.
Just announced: will be performing AT @ Aloft Hotel NEW YEARS EVE PARTY #mkenye2012 #TEAMLOYALTY for tix call 414-949-7526
yeah, not sure if that was just adernalin. And when that wore off if he couldn't move
me too!
Ughh, reading your tweets literally disgusts me. Can't wait till #karma gets you.
What You Need to Build Links to Your Website and What a Good One Looks Like
hahah I'm so proud I myself encouraging drinking via twitter
The room is full now. Waiting for things to get going.
it really is a stupid paper.
Well hello frizz...
First pitch for No. 2 St. Xavier (21-8) vs. No. 4 Eastern (24-6) set for 5pm at Eastern. In-game updates will be available
So....I miss the adams family..the show I've been waiting FOREVER to see..cuz of band..oh well...but it better come on sundays
whats up wit that song
Going to go out in a bit to pick up some 2012 Bowman cards.
got detention tomorrow lmfao. i dont really care. but it sucks...
home opener. I can come on and provide insight I am hosting KSR tomorrow. Tweet me what youd like to talk about
I'm just easily impressed I guess.
ok ok ok >.< don't then LOL
looks delicious!
Who's got some fresh footage?! Send us the link!!!
Desire of power and self-esteem drove teen filmmakers in late 60s/early 70s Vietnam era -Rossi-Snook
Final days of exams and 4 days left till Italy!:)
I'm pretending to be listening to my iPod but I'm actually listening to these young'ins at the pool talking about love.
i am doing ALL of them but i LOVE SINGING i dont like my acting class or my dance class
Just listened to Newt Gingrich, a man who cheated on two of his wives, one of whom had cancer, go on about the sanctity of marriage...
maybe you should just try another sign and send the caps my way lol
Nightmares of family dying and waking up bawling... Not settling well!
Missing the days when we all got a real summer vacation!!
thanks for posting Kelsey! ()
They showed a clip of on Daily Show tonight. Pretty funny!
Breaking news....Chris #Christie endorses a burrito...
cuddling with my boyfriend and a cute movie till I fall asleep
Physics makes my tea get too cold.
.: "Obama believes American power needs to adapt" to changing global environment.
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
Miller: Golf is not sentimental. Could have fooled us. One standard for Ernie, one for Tiger. Some things never change. Good on T for the W
People always say they see it coming. Unless it's Keith Richards and it never comes! We didn't know her or her problems.
One drawback to not a lot of offseason turnover/additions?
What has replaced the music video sales model? Surprising lack of innovation since late nineties.
Crowdsourcing the final exam today.
T. Stew: "Until NASCAR makes a rule, I'll dump them everytime"
Glad we could help. That's why we are here!
by the way, looking forward to exchanging pictures (I could use some new good ones) =]
i'm buying ticket for Feb.25 and JOE suppose to be Indianapolis,IN... u are gonna be there rite????
and I were all young dems once
that's fine cause I have to go to class anyway and that's when I get out just hit me up when your done
Or like with Eddie, when his internal clock wakes us up at 4:50 each morning to play w/him and feed him.
good pick
My heart hurts. It really does.
I'm on a panel headed by the project mgr for the Grateful Dead Archives!
so.. did u wanna sell the stretcher or not. If so how much
T-minus 2 days until I get significantly less wise. Expect drugged out tweets in the meantime.
If Elena doesnt pick Damon, i will crawl in a hole and cry and never come out..
To all my story peeps lol the story is up hope u enjoy it and everyone is in it but srry if u were not In it THT much
were promoting the #hondacrz hybrid for natl media challenge by #recycling cans to fund road trips. We'd love your support!
Please follow! Thank you so much for coming to indiana ! It means soo much!!! 143 !
girrllll please you know I don't be on 2nd shift no more!!! I worked 7 to 3 today... In and outta that bitch lol
it was my smartass way of saying I like J Simpson's baby name :)
ok...u now have made me choke on my drink 5 times over several months AT WORK. Boss woman is getting suspicious. :-0
This is the best news for our Yankees! Andy is back where he belongs!!
i'm waiting for Taylor swift
Mingo at 3rd..come on down.
Does she have a visual schedule so she knows to expect the unwanted activity & any positive reinforcement in place?
Mobile App Development services by Vincent IT becoming 1st choice for cusotmers. Bagged app development in eBook,Streaming , Banking, Class…
have fun this weekend.
writing Austin's name on yourself and all your stuff when you're bored.
Epic #Golf battle in #LA between Phil, Keegan, and Haas! The best #PGA finish since Tiger and Rocco 2008 US Open!!!
Thanks! It's the second year we worked together. Such great people to collaborate with!
Lots of forward movement happenin today; pitched a book, sent requested copies for lg purchases, & mailed out catalogs to possible buyers.
Exactly u dont need Twitter to tell u bout ur stank pussy, u already telling Twitter bout ur stank pussy w/ cobwebs since March
i cannot stop reading ur tweets babe<3 I love themm so much :)
what's up girl :)
sad to see photos of the #carhartt stores being looted in London
The definition of intellectual dishonesty? Calling flip-flopping "evolving" when your guy does it.
I also had a vision of Cain explaining "nine nine nine" to a group of German tourists and problems when signs got turned upside down.
Thanks for great year! #goaztecs!
Why does Twitter keep on reminding me that I am following more than I am followed? This site is severely lacking in tact.
Time warner cable owes me three hours of work. That's two months of free cable. I wonder if I can actually bill them?
#askryan may I have a RT? (: I love u! (: & also I'd love to meet u someday! <3
no I had no idea! Thats embarrassing on my part
Ha! I would call it "the sad secrets of the games industry." :-)
#burningman is making me feel like a kid the night before xmas...
whats his middle?
EdWorks Partners Infographic: How video games are changing education bit.ly/nk3h8w
Follow us on tumblr and instagram! We have some amazing new pieces
When other people are moody, it makes me moody, but I'm not a moody person, so I don't know what to do with it
I know some will believe that he is...but he will never be gay and that's prove from him personally telling the KDKA that he's not gay.
that explains all the bacterial ear infections :(
ok now im getting off. going to eat my Kibbles dog food and drink some water. Be Back Later(: #woof #muchlove <111
Grizzlies boy
