Tomorrow from 3-5 we continue our International Coffee Series with an Italian Coffee afternoon. Free Italian coffee and treats
When you ask the 40 Yo bday boy what he wants to hear for the last song and he says 2pac "How Do You Want it" - that's a good party.
HAHA only Phillip would go swimming at 11 on a school night RT: time to go swimming
Lattimore might want to train next time... duh
Wow!!! Ish Monroe with 108-5 at the Power Pole Slam!!!! Wouldn't we all love two 30lb bags!!
Awesome! Where are you going to put it? Loving the new logo!
and then he was like 我可以在你脸上步吗？ and my face was like :0
That really living life would turn out to be much easier than it seemed at 10.
Yeah those 2 were just annoying.
haha, true. "you live, you learn"...:)
Back/Triceps today. My favorite!!!
Nun much just stay doing me ,,
Thanks so much for the opportunity Chris. We owe ya one.
Definitely -- just send me a DM with your details
I doubt it will be close.
can you help me build an e-commerce site purely with webgl html5 - inspired by three.js ? Pay...
One mic one stage
Health advice. You must control stress and not let stress control you. Stress causes inflammation and sickness.
Sometime I feel like I am one of the few normal people left
Let's talk in more detail - We'll help you out!
Now trending #NameAFollowerYouSmashed where do I begin......
People so violent nowadays
bro, im taking it to mr. Wink he loves me. So ill talk to him(:
because he had money connected to them.
So true
READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM! READ POEM...
screw feelings.. Im all done with them.
I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night?
Why not let help you power through your Wednesday!? Flash your Zipcard between 5 & 7 to receive 10% off!
thanks you too ! c:
Thanks for the follow, Liz!
yay! and i love ur hair :O
Represent!!!! We played against each other by the way when you were at Sayre!!!
mine looks similar, but there is a method to our madness!
Ah dinner is taking longer than expected. Still waiting for my food... Missing #sharktank :(
Thanks to for donating the prizes for our Masquerade Ball costume contest last night!
Where can I buy cheap college text books? Websites would be preferable
I really should've went off on this dude tonight! But I'm going to just keep fighting and keep fighting to prove people wrong
That talk so barely scratches the surface of such a large concept. Good talk.
Thanks! It was great that you could be here!
twitter beef twitter beef
Just sang a long to Barry White's Practice What You Preach with a bunch of customers
aye fuck boi we actually got to go get our equipment soon i want those flat blacks
Ahh just heard someone on my porch D:
The data is now recovered. ^ ___ ^
Energy meter at zero. Grabbing a quick nap, then back to transcription and translation.
And in every damn television show, there's a bitch that twenty guys are after. Lol, typical...
don't judge what you obviously don't know...enjoy his talent!
Excellent - Thank you!!
Patience. Involvement. The signs of Mommy blues.
The regrets of yesterday and the fear of tomorrow is the tragedy of life.
... BE CAREFUL.
If it were not for weed I would not be smokin weed today
We can have the greatest love story ever told its up to us to fill in the pages
I'm signing up for Cuz I don't waste enough time in a day already.
the one in the Dells is awesome
thanks so much for
“: The Steelers know how to play football. The Bengals do not.” Why are you always so right?
Great night to be from Boston!!!!
CORRECTION: 3:45 left to play.
Just cause I don't laugh at your joke, you mug me?
i stay home on thursdays now. what.the.fuck?
Eventually the internet will become an intrinsic part of our consumer behavior.
thanks for the love SPdesigns.
Obviously...but both of you?
Watching chrome presentation at MLA conference at Kansas City with Brad Meyerhoff
Remind me to unfollow MT It's 3 P.M on a Friday. Do you know where your 4th circuit ruling is?
i will later. i tried to and it says forbidden rn? i will when i can! :)
I'm gonna make sure this summer counts.
Also, I have just discovered that "Saved By the Bell" is on Netflix in its ENTIRETY. "I'm so excited! I'm so excited!"
- Welcome R.J! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Sunday Brunch is On, and today is the best day ever to try out our Local, Organic, Vegan Menu of Chef Wes Specials, Cocktails and Favorites
I am dividing my time between editing the next issue of SleepIssues and working on some mixed media art.
Completely remixed and remastered songs for the release of Between Tomorrow EP.
k. Well I'm in Indiana, how long you gonna be there? ;-)
What is the one thing you can't wait to eat tomorrow?
Bahaha! It's official! :D
I love my kids so much that I agreed to turn the oven to 400 for 20 minutes. Yes, my love is measured in degrees Fahrenheit.
oh damn so scared
I hate when people talk too much
Listening to Bullet for My Valentines. I never get tired of them...
You're very welcome!
Its crazy how bad I want to be part of #NARS just the thought of working with man o man
I you have interest in having a preview, let me know, so to be played on main radio stations in Atlanya, NY, LA. Hope you like
The aerial shots reveal a number of folks dressed as Skittles.
sounds smokin hot! i fully support your sexy hooper self, sister. i'm over 6 foot tall so i an all leg too! you inspire me! ...
don't deny it!
Biology makes me hate my life.
not chilling you know maintaining just promotong my web site. Where r you from NY here.
The waiting period begins, that is the time between seasons of #NewGirl. Is it over yet? Can't wait that long.
Finally made a twitter. ^_^ First tweet? A quote; "It doesn't matter how slow you go, just as long as you don't stop." - Confucius.
Visiting stupid colleges with my brother! My mother doesn't trust me home alone for a day! Geez
It's crazy, Haha.
Yep. Given all we know about the game during his time, you have to assume he played through at least one concussion.
- makes sense. But I understand, baseball is all about history, and Boston is a historic town.
Smh been bar hoppin for 2 hours feeling real wavy right now
delicious !! Well I'm makin a t shirt lolol
#30thingsaboutme 30. I just skipped to 30 because i'm too lazy to do the rest.
love you <3
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever
Hey FAC Heads! Hope you're enjoying your night so far. TGIF tomorrow, stop on by and snag up some of our newest batch of Atomic Bomberry!!
Food trucks good, tolls bad.
Nothing ha?
I'm a fangirl, but the girls who hate on certain ppl arund their idols, juss go in a corner and reavulate yourself then die!! #Kingsley!
RT : We have new facets emerging follow
breaking news: Dick Lugar(Senate's longest-serving Republican)will lose a GOP primary to Richard Mourdock, Ind.state treasurer(via CNN)
If the Rapture does come #Celtics fans will rise, but Heat and Laker fans get left behind. #GoCeltics #Celticsfansfollow #AllAbout18 follow
What it do pimpin'!? Just been grinding lately and now lookin forward to the weekend.RT : whaaaaaaats good mang!!!
woo do i love #TheWeekend ♥
We would welcome an intro to your friend, if he's anywhere as good as you. Hope all is well.
#stopkony wow! The world has horrible people in it!
First to arrive, last to leave. This is my life at work this week, and probably next week.
I can't stand #tattoos. To me they indicate that you follow the herd and care too much about what other people think of you.
I "started my day" by putting a load of laundry in the washing machine. Now what?
reminds me of tonight i was all about it. Had to tell the bouncer about Moombahton. Ready to hear it in a Latin spot.
When you?!?! #suspenseiskillingme RT : I make odd noises when I
lol I said ouch in the voice and laughed :)
Rihanna, SNL: Singer Gets Theatrical, Plays Black Widow and Cleopatra in Broadway-Style Productions (Video)
Don't imitate, innovate! Happy hump day.
Talking shit wit my husband I love this man!
Will you be at #ASTD2012 next week in Las Vegas? Maestro will see you there in booth #414. Tell us what you are most excited about!
Hey, the Engineering Expo is back in action! Come to LTB 1100!
Watching #BeyondTrayvon i don't really know what to say but I'm sorry for the lose of your son.
Tom #verducci still taking gutless potshots at #braun. #verducci still confusing size of paychecks with his ability
umm..where are you going.
Rebecca from Philadelphia says I can afford anything I set my mind to!
after which Jesus spent 3 1/2 years preaching the gospel of salvation and eternal life which would come via His sacrifice....
Louis Vuitton Condoms ha, that boy better last a few hours, and some...
Hello World
Gotcha. Probably a good idea!
I am thankful for what I have
Dear Kansas, thank you for taking me to the top of the brackets! Never thought I'd be rooting so hard for the Midwest.
So fun seeing you tonight, ! Come back soon - chocolate doughnuts and key lime pie await!
But why your boy can have a longer conversation with me than you can and me and him are JUST friends
hell yeah, we'll be rooting for you. See you in the Super Bowl
Price of flat screen tv's expected to go down 25% during the holiday season Sony, Panasonic & Samsung
only two minutes of temporary insanity
Is there a more frustrating matchup than Hochevar-Matusz?
ah it worked now I'm following on both accounts thank you do much!!! :D
I feel Gotti on this 1
rocks, doesn't he? :) I am surprised you didn't show more of the office and the fancy metal door in there
If your girl tells you she's working out with her male personal trainer and they using a fitness ball........she cheating dawg!!!
Well, what did you say to her?
Birds were flying all around me at the beach, it felt odd. I must smell like bread crumbs. :)
Playing tonight at Hotel Angeleno (Sunset and 405) at 9pm with the great vocalist Sherwood Sledge, plus my compadres Ryan Cross and...
Good story. Question asked on recent reference check: "do they suffer from Millennial syndrome?"
count on it! #ACMs #Wine&AwardsShowsMix
Sitting and waiting for at the mainstage!!
Cracking at America the beautiful park for 420 Freedom Fest
:-) RT : RT : I wonder how many followers I'll lose due to The Rapture this weekend.
that sounds AMAZING right now
Change is the hardest thing especially when it comes to people
Totally, completely obsessed with Mob Wives, love and Thank you for introducing me to the show!
Missed the Kentucky derby 😡
“: Proud and honored to have just received the endorsement of The Victory Fund ” Huge victory for Tim Day for Ward 5
Where there is love there is life - Mahatma Gandhi
Bull Tucky! The majority of Catholics or others care about this talking heads issue. How can hypocrits be so loud?
Skin flute? #TooFar?
I can't wait to go back to school 😃📝📖
If you have SWAG go follow (:
Food is like my best friend.!
“: Don't get to thristy, you my dehydrate and die #ThirstyAhh”
Thanks for your encouragement re a custom built computer. Mulling it over.
Waiting on the #beltline... For traffic to MOVE.
Yup! Just found out (Lana Kane!) and husband homebrew! But not as much as she used to.
Don't forget to get your special package while you are there.
so I love blog! Completely entertaining to me and very relatable (:
In deep thought :/
LOL. So jealous!
Happy Birthday
that sounds so weird that it has to be good!
go to sleep little boy.
lol he should just cut that mustache.....who the hell rocks a straight line mustace lol
Idk. He's comparable only to Jordan with longevity and production. 16 years and still top 3 in the game at least
Your boy Dev might be single folks... Ah! Jfjfigogogirjejsowpajdnfigorpeuewiqiwyehcjckcofpfjrhevehwkek!
good morning foxy
How the tides have turned
You better believe it!! Are you?
awww thanks for re-tweeting :) how are you doing? :)
Thanks!! It was an awesome trip!!
thanks for the retweet Laura : )
which song?? :D
The Latino Museum & Occupy Los Angeles Community “Artivist” present “We Art the 99%”, 7-9pm tonight, 514 S Spring St
I forgot how hot Angelina Jolie looks in Mr & Mrs. Smith....
It's so nice to wake up early
If you don't like you can fuck off
#HottestPeopleOnTwitter Seriously its like 85 degrees in my house.
I think should have a concert in San Antonio :)
Dear Truck that ran over the railing in the middle of the road, HOW THE HELL DID YOU DO THAT ? Sincerly, wtf !
I think instead of teaching the food pyramid in school they should teach you a properly portioned meal!
Follow the progress of Las Vegas Boulevard on Twitter now! Photo shooting adventures and real time updates on the coming photo book series.
My grandpa always said he would take me but I don't think that's going to happen now.
Thanks! RT / Just responded to your email. Also, the supercool website is looking awesome! :]
appreciated. I will be in-touch soon what days are best for you and Midas. Talk soon.
any #PTY 20 year anniversary OPACY shirts in the works?
goto TAO and ask for Dan Marrell
Yes! Different than Trocadaro... But great!
bagels on deck! see you in 30...
no shit fool! What louds u smokin on? I been on that #amnesia kick bro!
:) how was the #avengers?
I woke up in amazing shape cause of his amazing Graces..
Congrats man
Awesome! Congrats.
Same here. I like the Nick Adams stories.
ugh rain:/ there's nothing to do on rainy days!
I think I'll have my hubby drink it then :) He's fearless!
He Still Has Music Playin In Their Voicemail Background, Better Yet Who Even Take The Time To Set That Shiit Up.?
BUT I was reading a convo on Trevor's twitter with his friend and he was talking about his relationship with a girl in FL..
If you wanna treat, my cookie is vanilla
Mom and dad get all pist cause this cute waiter from Texas Roadhouse likes to flirt with me :b
good job coach, I didn't see, who was #1?
Have fun on the West Coast. Where are you going?
Nice win by the tonight! Only 1 game behind, Go get it!
Ueck! Still a Disciple of his.
Sweet! Thanks, Earl.
For The Anniversary of My Death. One of the most haunting poems ever…
Elliot's tears just now... Crushing. He needs love. Another great episode of #touch ...
People always ask me, 'Were you funny as a child?' Well, no, I was an accountant
shut up
why do i get in trouble if i try that?
Not going to write today. I helped set up the used book sale at school so guess what I'll be doing? Happy reading!
I long for the day when the number next to a batter's name on TV isn't his batting average.
thanks so much for the birthday wishes!
Happy Monday! Tell us: what makes you happy?
my hand smell of Yuengling and #whore. I guess I can call this a good night?
Well hello beautiful!
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing
will he be eligible second semester next year?
Watching MTV because I do what I'm told.
:) thanks. And if we got wrong info, then I'm fine with that.This place is where I go to chill.
Down goes Rivers !!! Ball so Hard Univ!! Its called football
Less than 12 hours and I am getting a grade change in Philosophy. Very simple and easy
Also: It's hard to do a workout when you can't breathe through your nose!
I feel so close to you right now
that was nice of her! How much did she pay you to tell me that?? :)
On this day, 67 years ago, Jewish prisoners revolt at theTreblinka death camp. More than 300 prisoners escaped.
do you mean to have your location turned on?
Just found out that on the final episode of Oprah, she chops somebody's head off
you on wrong plane? RT : About to play some songs on southwest flight 186. My first concert at 35,000 ft.
tryna keep my sanity!!!
Lost on the country roads....
Can I get response from any of you as I have a BIG question!
Grrr. thought we were getting a break from the rain :(
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Gotta love ice skating :)
um no Rosalina is a love song. But I know! Hahah we could have If That's Not Love :)
i have alot of friends and thats not gud
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.⁰-- William Shakespeare
I agree DC housewives sucked lol. They tried to be to proper and politically correct. No one wants to see that. Give it up
Another tattoo is in my immediate future
she gone beat ya ass real soon lol
all excited about cinco de mayo... We are about to have some huevos rancheros and margaritas for breakfast
Doing Numbers on Itunes!! Call of Duty Volume 1..... It's E.v.a. Pro!
via Dylan Morse of #HorseFingers: PDX's #Typhoon is taping Letterman Aug 1, will be broadcast Aug 4
Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart. ~Phil Jackson
Me for example is a real nigga
Yes let's have a party for the amazing twitter kim.
Hate to say but this was the worst school year for me
Thanks so much Brenda. I hope we get to talk again soon. How are things?
hit my phone
He's the ONLY person who's been there for me!
He tends to stay away from livestock after a bad experience w/ Dad's horses. Does chase chickens tho, we need to break that :(
Thoroughly impressed with everyone and what they've achieved at the Javelina Jundred this weekend. Can't wait for MY first 100! :-)
Yesterday I finished up season 1 (which I started on Wednesday) Now I'm probably gonna' watch 7 or 8 episodes today :3
if u enjoyed Lust Money & Murder you will love my new book Vanilla's Ladies chevk ou the free preview on my blog on my page
no, i miss you to!
Fetish Houston !!! bad bitches !
Taking x rays.
i hate school
tell yo followers
Oh yeah baby, Mavs are going to the dance!!!
its 11:11 and its funny because im listening to 11:11 right now ahahah (: Love you
Just finished speaking with concerning future marketing efforts
"I don't know him/her but they follow me on twitter"
It's the next best thing to spring!
Thanks to everyone who came by for the TALA wills workshop. Thanks to for notarizing our documents, too!
His eyebrows are as thick as a 70's porno bush....
what if Bone thugs met Harmony....lol
Do you think Cleveland has good musicians/bands? Tell us who you think they are...
It amazes me how many people put the current year when entering their birth date on a survey.
just curious, does anyone have a job they enjoy?
Thanks for all the follows, follow suggestions, and retweets today! Now we're only 67 followers away from that elusive 1k!
Does your friend or family member own a restaurant or food business in Georgia? I'd love them to have them be a part of my museum exhibit!
How you get family first tattooed PERMANENTLY on your skin then treat your REAL family like Shit?
was amazing!! Best concert I've been to!!! :D
has a fire gig to plan for Friday, family beach trip Saturday and Sunday, and a revolution to organize; I'm swamped!
cutest thing ever puppy burying her bone on me
Check out my NFL picks at www.thechiefsports.com
my uncle wants your hair!~
why such a long powerpoint??
Run, eat, run, eat.
RT : World Peace Suspended
What's the project?
Did the awesome winter weather leave Indy with the super bowl?
Working on 2 boxed postcard print sets right now so owning them all will be much cheaper.
The boys of TLDS are finally having The Last Dark "CD Release" Show at Double Door in Chicago on MAY 4th, 2011 TLDS will perform songs...
two commented on how the collection of spray cans mixed w/ the message was epic
Momma's in the kitchen cooking up a storm! Get $1 OFF all dinners at Heaven's Kitchen! Only w/ a
OH: I turned on baseball last night b/c my politics & sports are counter cyclical, sure enough, the Sox trounced the Indians. // *sigh*
Ommg.. i lost so many followers.
what happens if u fell asleep with contacts on?
nice i love vintage cares
With budget cuts, scientists upset, NASA tries to rescue Mars focus with cut-rate 2018 flight
umm i cant since im in my phone :(
writing in purple bc its 's favorite color and you hope it will bring you luck on your exam........
There should be toeless socks to keep your feet warm when your nails are drying
I'm good (: what about you
Sometimes I'm afraid to be happy, because every time I'm happy, something goes wrong and hurts me.
I'm mad bitches at my school be worried about who I'm fucking lmao it's my pussy not yours boo :)
what's your location?
who is #twitters #1 ray of sunshine, in SE Wisco, doing? I mis our #Bucks chats :)
Big crowds at Junior Seau Qualcomm memorial. Heavy traffic expected, so I encourage you to ride on , America's Finest trolley!
#meet1Dwithroz... Winning these tickets would mean the world. Please pick me
You know what's a bad idea? Reading Tom's chat during Passover
Bowling night. First game 214. Beat Dennis's 195!!!!
Talk stupid, off with ya head
With my girl safyiaaaah :D <3
agreed. Feedback is important but so is having your own voice. How will they drive interaction?
I would miss u :(
yeah! Especially when no one txts u and u don't like annoying them!
we're paying!then you could sleep over after(;
a pizzaa box is square, the pizza is circle, & the pizza slice is a trianqle. the only time i will use qeometry lol
Happy New Year, everyone!
#MilwaukeePolice confirm the suspicious pkg at 2nd & Wells, turned out to be a large electrical fuse someone dumped. Roads open
you and speck should probably be playing in that team, let's honest.
My fake breaking news tweet might have been slightly humorous if autocorrect knew what I was talking about.
ALL I WANTED WAS A NAP AND YOU HAD TO RUIN THAT 😒😒😒😒
i'm working the great american beer fest tonight. i'll be working the southwest and midwest regions. stop by and say hi if you are going.
God I need more you please make things right! I don't feel good and I don't like feeling like this. Give me the strength to endure
Zebra socks, more than jello spots, so sweet like dippin' dots, I love you lots! <33
next time I got you!
You can catch our show live via webcam tonight check it out!! -MWM
Heading to Leon's to enjoy American Craft Beer Week offerings from & You'll see at !
you're following Vick? Hello?? Eagle!
Thought the same. What image would shock & awe? RT Why is it that we never hear debates @ being #DadEnough?
ok so tell me the situation that made you tweet that then since you said you would tell me
oh boy! Lmao
Velociraptors are capable of intelligence, but not emotion.
Good For You Kristi! We Are Here If You Need Any Advice!
RT if you're craving TACOS!
Good luck gentleman. And may the best man win.
Early morning gym time
im hungry
Yes! He's a client and a friend. What a wonderful human!
'I have officially gone to all of the hot dog joints in Columbus and Acme is the top of my list.' (via Facebook, E. Jordan)
I need to wash
o im sorry
i'd starve first.
Wow he see,s excited for me hehe. Im happy too but I do have to be careful just in case. You never know.
"...if either of us get emotions..." Total and utter slap in the face. I need a drink.
For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin; that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. II Corinthians 5:21
I loved Adele's performance at VMa...ridiculous ..
guest artist jennifer from tatu tatu in chicago will be here until january 17th. check out her work at myspace.com/jennifertrok
My Reds are horrible offensively!!!
When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. ~ Sacha Guitry
still cute lol
Great talking with and today. Too guys that really get the indie world.
Time feels like it is DRAGGING today. Maybe it's because I never had coffee.
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger ... Wait but wht if it does kill you?
I've got faith in us, I believe in you and me.
if you haven't call Comcast to have them run diagnostics. Mine is smooth and fast all the time and it's just 8mbit.
Gotcha - thanks!
your pic looks good, what is that a picture of?
what kind of car you got
Your body hears everything your mind says
Thanks so much!!
Watching Young Frankenstein, never noticed the bad makeup job on Peter Boyle. You can totally see his bald cap... Haha... Still love it!!
speaking of Otwell...Mom & Dad doing well?
What? A little show and tell? lol RT Just what I needed
well. It still could be somebody practicing. We drummers have no value of others sleep or hearing capabilities. Lol
nah, it's all terrible. But I did feel bad for your Hoosiers. Better luck next year
This is where I would say something childish, but I like you today. Keep up the good work babe. :)
Today in 1925, the Florida House of Representatives outlawed gambling.
Twitter days (ImmaQT)
Recording a new cover with the always wonderful tonight! Supa stoked.
thanks for the follow. you're my 500th follower
Watched the first 30 minutes of #TheRiver last night and was not impressed. I know #Lost, and you, my friend, are not
I drink #craftbeer so quick I cant build a beer cellar.I only drink #whiskey on the weekends so I have a wide range in my whiskey collection
RT : dude where's my car? get ready to see a crapload of car commercials.
Doing a lot of job applications.
Embracing Christ as Lord in the areas U never wanted touch produces humility and brings God glory, creates unity of the faith!
Keep the line moving.
Digital humanities unconference - everyone is huddled around their laptops. Come on, we need fellowship and coffee.
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars released QB Todd Bouman, linebacker Gerris Wilkinson & wide receiver Greg Ellingson from the roster
it's an equal love of both David Copperfield and Seth Godin :-)
Cannot wait till Senior Night at school<3 I hope he's going<3
Modern friendship: checks the hashtag for my talk while I'm presenting. And then points out the best comments.
just watched the results show for American idol and WTF MAN. WHY DID JOSHUA GO HOME?!?!?! HE WAS THE FREAKING BEST
Eating bday cake w/ my sisters & dog.
who wants a Dior bag?
. Congrats on you dad's sweet new job! When does he start?
RT : The HEB mini-case study is good. Large regional retailer with integrated manufacturing. Shows AX strength in retail.
A girl can dream.
#WarCriminal MT : You know 's foreign policy is bankrupt when you put out Dan Senor who called Iraq war a "model"
those stripes make you look fat!
The 3. AM Phone Call Has Come.
hahahahahaha JB, you crack me up
I have been following/benefitting from your preventive health advice for years with greatly improved health results.
Folklore and the New Social Problems Finale Today. Need to try to get our ebook put together.
Mayor Leffingwell asks staff to extend terms and number of affordable housing units; also wants to include workers' safety
Expect more first-round #NFLDraft pick trades. Trent Richardson is now Cleveland-bound.
Almond oil and cortexiphan fingerprints. I love
oh you got jokes...
Shabbat Shalom from the Eternal Jewish Capital of Jerusalem. May we merit to rebuild the Temple already this coming sunday.
Random fact: I've stalked a couple of females in my lifetime.
I hate rooting for the Heat.
I gotta track you should spin at #princesspalace called stripper tipper
McDonalds for breakfast
want to do busboys & poets around 2pm? It's 20% off in their bookstore this weekend so I want to hit that up!
Still confused as to what I want.
"everybody look away. I'm getting naked right NOW!"
all of them
Happy Birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day!
love to.
No Mac jokes for 24 hours.
The excitement of a kid never gets old! Merry Christmas!
RT : "Welcome, welcome...go back & share ur learning w/ ur colleagues," says CEO Dr Caldwell @ #ISDIP2012 reception
“: The Chevy Equinox! Who's getting me one for Christmas???” wow you've got a great wish list there!
What online source am I using to study bee dances? The Magic School bus video clips!!
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Car Hop today with the Circle City Derby Girls 2-7pm. Hand Dip Shakes,Hand Breaded Onion Rings and Tenderloins and Home Made Pie's.
ICYMI: New Russian Pres Vladimir Putin will not be attending G8 Summit next weekend, sending PM Dmitri Medvedev instead, WH announced Wed
Thank you for following me!
if dream sleep with
aww, so jealous! Yea, sounds good :P haven't done a lot, but good thanks :) x
Spending today vegging by the pool!! YeeeeeHawwwwwwwww!
Tell your dad I love the ring and I need him to prescribe me some meds because I am dying over here.
I'm going to be a senior in 23 days.....
He who does not travel does not know the value of men. ~Moorish proverb
will You take me higher, to a place where blind men see? will You take me higher, to a place with golden streams? <3
People are so kind. Sometimes.
He and Melvin absolutely earned their extensions. Do we remember what the team was like before them?
yes...youre too stressed!
Bethenny Frankel We are hoping that you get the package that we sent to you the labels got misplaced by our shipping dept. Let us know.
trailer away sir!! I trust you with the tone of it! Make it witchy!
I just keep smackin her up hope I don't get an assault charge
Ozzie on Chris Brown "He was itchin to hit someone"
Oh, would you look at that.. It's nap:o'clock.
just be gentle with the poor, defenseless young man.
Capitol Hill peeps - you can pick up our treats @ The Cupboard (1504 E Capitol St NE) Order today & pick up this weekend:...
I can't wait to PackABag&Go and visit San Diego, CA all beginning on Wednesday of next week...
Oops, tweeting mistake.
My novel "Love Isn’t Painful" my website sajunique.com read chapters. purchase book at Barnes and noble or Amazon.com
Congratulations for winning the battle round! You totally rocked that song!
Thanks. Appreciate your support and thank for liking our #FB Page!
lol sorry.. I am a happily married man.. lol
The are some classy, classy ladies.
SUMMER FINALLY IM OUTTA LMS!!! freshman babyy :*
american music awards! : *
shut up about facebook on twitter. See what i did there
Well out of work early and heading to the beach :)
RT : Today's downloads are from US, UK, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Kuwait & Philippines...totally rocks!
it's tomorrow(17th)!
You may be right. It has been a long time since I've seen Colon, but I recall thinking to myself, "slow feet, should be a G"
I hope Tide capitalizes on this fantastic marketing opportunity.
Galatians 6:9 9 And let us not grow weary while doing good, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart.
Cannot put the book down!!! I've read almost the whole thing in one day!!!!
BlackBerry 10 Alpha Dev device, the nicest handset you&#39;ll never own
Pecos skate was great!
Neither did I, and I'm an unabashed geek. It just happens to be on HBO On-Demand this month.
Need to sign up for evo by weeks end for that discount! Still debating if I want that custom Evo baseball jersey. Kinda pricy but so cool!
RT : my #Twitter is lookin real corny rite about now
And keep things how they r
Divide long homework assignments for ADD kids into smaller, manageable chunks with breaks between.
yeah it really is! and i wish they sold mountain dew baja blast everywhere! lol
The taper rule is "run less, eat more" right? If so, I might just WIN this race! ;-)
I don't need a child. I have a dog that talks back just fine.
Thanks for all the "likes," friends!
idk where that is....
whats his prank
I had no idea today was Friday. What happened?
Don't mind at all. Go for it!!
do not doubt me child
No, what effect does a Chassin Barrel have?
#Celtics aren't fooling around. They know it's important to take a 3-1 series lead, something the #Bruins had to do but couldn't.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
Taking tomorrow as a vacation day! Woot. Looking forward to a fun-filled day of EQ2 and sleep. Then, back to the grind on Wednesday.
hey whats going on with Tammy knickerbocker
What are you guys doing tonight ? :D
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Does #Kansas get handicap?
Welcome to Twittttterrrr!!!! I'm on a boat!!!!
Getting ready to take Abuelita to lunch. No clue where we're going though-it's an adventure!
I thought the way Obamacare was written there was not a way 2 remove the mandate w/o removing the entire law. Hmm will have 2 dig into this
This song brings back old memories when Austin use to sing this all the time(:
Oh now Neto is diving without contact....
Don't sweat this shitt. Keep your head up and it'll all blow over. You seem like a good dude...
Last night's Ho & Mo Happy Hour with special guest DJ Sami Yaffa was so off the hook, Sami's coming back for 2 more weeks. Woot!
- Thanks for the 5 Star Review of Actsophia!
RT : Getting ready to present Fostering Collaborations Around Arts Integration....if your not nervous you are not ready.
Excellent advice from Thoreau, "Be true to your work, your word, and your friend."
#iPhoneApp - Actsophia addresses every aspect of an actor's career - training, submitting, auditioning, performing, tracking and networking!
los gaiteros de san jacinto. years waiting for this.
Nothing like an iced caramel macchiato in the morning!
What are Dave, Chain and Boyer up to these days? I listened to you since very beginning - Dawn Patrol.
Walsh: many of the questions are predicated on how previous ones are decided.
Let's not celebrate yet #BBN ... Still lots of time on the clock.
April 16th – Pikes Peak Earth Event- Doherty High School 10-3 Free admission
my favorite from him was about two weeks ago and I can't think of the name lol OMG but it was epic
Im good why u ask ?
2012 film watching! #11. Phantom Of The Paradise (De Palma, 1974). Such a fun film! Cant believe i had put off watching this until now!!
is so good! So many possibilities!
shhhh. you'll like it. ( please note that I'm TRYING to sound creepy)
Danny Chaparro- Welcome to Pyro Productions!
RT : I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.
hey thanks for the follow;y
Where the hell are you, haha.
I love you my baby (:
asiago sourdough bread is delicious breakfast/lunch
RT : The family we raise usually at some level a rebuke to the one we came from.
Oh my God, what an adorable treasury! That's hilarious.
getting into anything fun tonight? I was supposed to head to LI but decided to stay around and do ~nothing so 2nd is easier.
hm...decisions decisions!
no problem :)
THANK YOU to the 200+ friends who downloaded GOD OF WINE this weekend. I hope you enjoy it.
nothing wrong, and so, so much right.
After two days of doing straight up NOTHING, I'm gonna be productive today. First step, breakfast!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe I can rack up a $15 order at just by myself... & I wonder why I wanna work out more, lol.
Action $$ will trump support $$ MT : By 2017, CMOs will spend more money on IT than CIOs do
No, thank YOU!
Starla informed me it was time to go on a walk and when I said "sure, but I don't like any of you" Corvin told me to "stop being hilarious"
I do like supporting craft brewing in SD. Cheers to Sanders for that at least
Searching for a #Reference #Librarian in #NYC. Great salary and great hours! Send resume & questions to
I know and if I could I would get out of here too but you gotta do what you gotta do
Hey! It's business! Never personal!
Thanks for all the support. Dad passed away last night. I will post funeral details when I know them
QoTD: "Those who do not drink from the 'Fountain of Knowledge' will only die of thirst in the 'Desert of Ignorance.'" (Unknown)
(Made me think of L'Eclisse)
The Jam? The Clash? The Style Council? Redskins? 3 Johns? The start of '80s was different than the middle and the end.
memories of us <<<<
follow my new twitter
I like that show
Another 12 hours in a hospital...yay for work!
Safe Travels! U better come back on ur B' day I have reservations 4us@ Per Se ;)
I miss ya like yesterday
did I stutter? Na. But I've been pretty good!
Earlier, when tweeted me, it made me feel so much better.
Is it ok for a married man to cheat on his wife and play with another woman heart, and then go back to being faithful to the wife?
I juct check out your blog & subscribed too... ha ha. Cool stuff!
When I make it that means all the homies made it to.
Getting Ready For School, Feeling Sleepy :/
Well written analysis that explains why I use
Can't believe I went this long without an #iPhone hi iPhone, I love you.
y u so prettttttay
Maybe I just don't believe
Thanks for the kind words, Toby! ... , we'll have to catch up soon!
Expecting a bundle of joy this spring or summer? Let yoga help you get ready with our Preparing for Birth with Yoga - Sun. 12:30-3:30pm
i hate this new timeline stuff... lol
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Frank quipped to the tribal chieftan that he doesn't trust anyone who eats lizard. He was then savagely beaten by me.
I agree with Newt, the debates have been rather shallow and the rules are not really defined. We need to fix that.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. William James
Or van? Lol RT : - I feel like a soccer mom in my moms can ??
Today's not a good day:(
Boys and I are being flown out for private event in NYC 11-10...looking for a cool jazzy place sit in night before...Manhattan...any ideas?
“: Anyone have good non-dairy, non-wheat desserts recipes for ? #turktalk” I know you do !
Starting 2 plan MY life after high school eveyone does
Thanks for sharing my post yesterday.
Ya'll know how #annoying it is to listen to a #coworker "peck" on a keyboard w/one finger #alldamnday ?
LeoDiCaprio in the house.
still ur a weirdo:)
Today feels like a good day for a _______ pizza.
My life now revolves around Saturday! Bring it
If you MUST use #Java script drop down menus, image maps or image links, put text links on the page for the #spiders to follow.
Creator of the Lambeau Leap, y'all.
SW Mo. Looks like it's hotter in KS and OK
JP doesn't have a chance?!?
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit contractor, dryvit contractors indiana, dryvit contractor indiana dryvit contractors indiana
- chicken comes again.
Where is my #gdmorning?? I MISS it, Want it, & NEED it! :)
Trying to figure of out twitter works! I am new!
I drink milk. Does that justify one?
Where are you heading to?
I'm so use to my brown contacts, I forgot what color my real eyes are. Word.
i wish i would have come up with edible arrangements. huuuhhh i could quit school and dip fruit in chocolate all day and make $$$$$$$$
ALL TYPES OF METAL TONIGHT WITH DENMAN | 9PM |
Being covered in glass < being on fire
You are most welcome! RT : Love that video, thanks for sharing!
If they're shocked by "50 Shades of Grey" wait until they learn about Miller, Roth, or de Sade. 2/3
Senator John McCain has been an avid supporter of immigration reform, at the very least in the past 10 years
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you at least notice me and try and talk to me.
What are you doing for the Packer game Milwaukee?
it's a great day for carolina baseball at the
The family is at the movies and I am making progress with 1,400 words.
#Padres so due for a no-hitter
You should put that on a tshirt. Lol “: Let me just say this... IF UR DICK ISN'T HARD IM NOT PUTTING THAT SHIT IN MY MOUTH !!!”
Love all your sites and pics and graffiti!
“: hoo frickin' ray. now -- BRING ON BASEBALL AND HUSKY SPRING PRACTICES!!” yahoo!
oh hey
Does it make you kinda wanna cry? Change your life? Do something extreme? If so, same here.
we have faced it and we shall adapt... someday...someday in this our life time...
Hey Austin! Im new... I created this twitter for you(: Love you!
Nothing lasts forever. Shoulda known.
I wonder why it's so difficult to find the streaming video. Bookmark it, click on it, and it's not there. I found it again…
hey! found it!
Ah, using my iPad on twitter. I'm cool.
Trying 2 find that new sound
And the shamwow tampon will be called...wait for it...tamwow!
You're a true believer! Thank you so much!
if you dont want to talk about, then dont post it on FACEBOOK. because poeple are gonna ask you whats wrong, and you know it.
RT : 54 is just a number.. Thank you Teena Marie!
its my birthday dont lose your sunglasses..have a green bean!
I feel like the author misspelled his own last name.
Great customer service from Bed Bath & Beyond today. Best return policy ever and I spent more.
That's not good news. These tests are not my forte. Good luck.
im aware of that :)
Thanks Adam!
6 days left until, do you have everything on your list? We can help!
couldn't agree more! #people>corporations
Lol! RT : girl " smash or pass " me " smash " girl " aww " me " your face into the wall " girl " oh "
are they almost solid black except for vibrant orange streaks at the wingtips? Saw some of those at home this a.m.
this will be the second time. The first time, I was eight.
I love you too!
sparring tonight...come get some!
Sorry, spoke too soon! There is one more #TitansofIT "Consultant" honoree: Bruce Wells
La ha needs to move to a bigger place!
everyone knows I'll change it next week haha!
So many great followers! ‏ Thank you!
#ChronicleMovie Go See It!
Something very poignant shoe brands and all of us serious shoe makers can learn from Tom's shoeSIMPLICITY ease of wear and EASY construction
thanks for adding me to your network of followers Sherif. Signed Windel.
Job interview tomorrow morning and I'm almost positive I'm not going to get adequate sleep.
Pretty sure I can sit like this for hours.
good to know! Thanks for following!
awesome. Well stay connect! In fact follow me back. It might change ur life! :)
Although as points out, they originally listed him as a RB going into rookie minicamp.
the only thing free in life is jesus
RT Chargers fans welcome our newest member to San Diego (Melvin Ingram)
us women better change that then :D
Thank you, thank you! You're too kind. Ditto on the #FF!
Coffee is ON! RT: Is the coffee on? Grab a cup and join and me for from 7-9!
woah woah woah WOAH. You serious? A jazz version? Excuse me while I try to go find that!!
Wow, today was an amazing day! :D
Thanks for the RT!
Kind of obsessed with and If I could fill my house with maps and not look crazy, I would.
Have them look at your avatar especially the picture on the left in the dress.
sure, I follow you
Ima Proud Ayysian !! , But I Love BLACK BOYS ,,,, *>: D
have you done the CT stonehenge?
came across & love how U R #Empowering #Women #Entrepreneurs! We'd love 2 tell U about our Editor! #PerfectFit for story!
Stocks down big this AM
Should I feel uncomfortable that my coworker keeps touching her breasts in front of me andasking me if her ass is up/big ALL OF THE TIME.lol
Why has there always been conflict in the Middle East? It's because it's incredibly hot and there's no water.
are you the hiring manager for the Social Media Specialist position?
Guarantee if I download Dreamchasers 2 ain't no type of studying gettin done
haha yeah! It snowed xD it was great!!!!
Enjoying my last BDH dinner for awhile with Mom's cookin' from now on!
Second day of testing done!! Easy parts is comin' tomorrow. :)
i think imma wash enough clothes fa tomar.. !!
enjoy friend!
7 miles from my new (old) home state: Colorado.
I'm break her back, spineless
Thank you. We are thrilled to be starting construction on expanded facilities to help more homeless, hungry families.
It is a Magical mid week Wednesday
male stripper: Cap'n Fever
I love jamming to my pandora... 🎧
RT : What you seek with all your heart you shall find, as long as you stay patient, what you seek will find you.
absolutely Damien! could you follow us so we can DM you an invite? :)
Did u know India has 60 million children doing slave labor, also kids being trafficked in slave sex. Most of these kids r female.
I'm with you, really want them around. Plus QPR going down on that Aguero goal would have been a fun bonus.
The great knowledge engender serious doubts.
Again, this is so true w/the issue of juvenile transfer. In #VA when 14yo is transferred to adult court, he is declared an "adult"
what are you doing this summer?!
Good dudes bring good moods.
you mean me right?!
Dying my hair ombre today. Wish me luck!
#SAG_AFTRA actors go to Sag foundation Life Raft video gallery and watch amazing informative panels with Casting, new media, film, taxes..
Happy mothers day mommy! Your the bestt! Couldn't survive without you!! Love you so much ☺
looks delicious. We devoured the cookies, btw. I had to make a fresh batch just to keep everyone happy.
Can we get a special screening at here since it will most likely never show up at the corp theaters?
The Knicks' offense is the best comedy on TV these days. Even better than Community.
that they are! We have been waiting for our restock for awhile! We can't wait for them to come in, we're getting a store copy!
I can't wait to get this bitch back to the hotel room, we've got HBO here
mommy.. can i go out and KILL toNIGHT?!?!?!?!
PLAYWRIGHTS: #sourcefest 2012 has an Open Call for 10-Minute Plays. Deadline is Tuesday, October 24, 2011, 5PM EST. Send us something!...
Watching the news with on is the best part of the day.
Beautiful day, bout to go play Ball.
But anyways at ihop with my coworkers lol.
I've been on #bitchmode these past few days 😔😒
i done came round hold up
Seeing things that are not really there...
Boy Belieber here!!!! (y)
you sir, are a totally SICK.. meaning kick ass concert shooter.. I wish my best shots were as good as your worst shots
I stay skinny only to keep #KD physique
Been so sick today..hope I get better by tomorrow! Script reading tomorrow afternoon!
Is that a new plan?
lol! Good one ;)
nothing layin down until its time for class watchin tv...wyd??
M chocolate cake at the library for librarian's birthday. M....
And I still don't think I'll be seeing The Artist--Best picture
I love that you know Lana Del Rey!
i've been singing since i was 4, that's when i did my first performance, yep ; ) and omg Puck is hot too! we can double lol
I know the feeling.
A abstract is in: "Every Sensation is Only a Number: Tardean Statistics, Computer Audition, and Big Data" not sure what it's about yet…
not as much fun as we'll have during #asae12!
Lmao season 4 of TVD isn't premiering until October. I think they did that on purpose so that it can be only a month behind Breaking Dawn xD
JLO blew the stage away on AMERICAN IDOL.
follow back bro
What is the best kind of #makeup for
Going to bed at 4 am...
. Even with all the restrictions!
My cat also fits.
I love the weather of Florida. Stormed really hard this morning and now I'm sitting pool side in my swim trunks and flippy-floppies!
This song playing right now>>>> lol I love this song!
Rain and Earthquakes.... 2012 or 2010? San Diego is Rockin
That is why the pilots of CBS I get a "Meh" feeling cause "Person of Interest" is one those others can't match in my opinion.
Threat Level Midnight! RT : This is shaping up to be an amazing episode of
The new mortgage Good Faith Estimate proves to be a challenge when disclosing to home buyers and creating closing documents.
“: “: What category do we fall in? ” clown category” Lol!!!!
I'm gonna make so many viddy's of my cat. ;)
Have you heard of yet? Well you will at the #MKEShindig! They’re booking some awesome live music!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Yep— did the visual design (linked closely to the awesomeness of ) and Midd's staff implemented the WP theme.
Thanks for your help. Can you DM me your email?
Welp ... keeping busy and staying strong. God has my plan!
Coming up in tonight's TheWireSalon Cafeoto: ianhelliwell's 'Practical Exhibition' & demonstration of The Megatherm & the Hellisizer 3000
Johnson's artwork has been exhibited at the Oakland Museum Of California & the Mills College Museum
“: Why do straight people care so much about gay people getting married?” preach it
Everyone, have a fantastic evening! You may catch me a bit later. :)
If you don't want to invest the time to figure out the Vets program, I'm sure my friends at Homewell, Lisa and Ray Black, can help.
ATTENTION... ASBMG STAFF AND AFFILIATES... IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE DUVAL DIAMOND AWARDS TONIGHT OR WANT TO GO LET US KNOW BY 2PM... TODAY
That's my favorite Brad!! RT : in DC. Starting with Mei Wah steamed veggie dumpings and working my way to...!
voice: trustees should be looked at as allies. they are *in* the community and want the university involved in external work.
LOL You're so right! RT " your post about the news made me giggle...just means the bad guys have bad aim."
what surprises me that it continues to be something the reading public needs to be taught!
Fuck love, we all end up alone in the end anyway.
Feel free to drop by the president's office anytime--we can totally hang out.
wow that was a good night haha
& Btw; all four of us are gonna do something this weekend. :)
As an educator, what do you find to be the most challenging in teaching Computer Science?
Eisenhower rest stop in CT is og
: CONTEST! RT to be eligible for International Terminal Commemorative Coin Giveaway tomorrow at 5p.
we are having a great Xmas season already thanks to your products!!
Hey ! So, my mom called me and said you called :D she told me everything. we'll have to skype sometime next week?
I'm 21, I blame the way I was brought up
Can't pay the rent on "free" games. :]
Who's ready to hear a new song?? ;)
Thinking about starting an "acting" Youtube page to post monologues, demos, and VLOGs. Thoughts?
Get ready for one hell of a story by on today's #SCOTUS developments. Don't ask how I know. I just do.
I thought that was strictly an NFL policy (that goodell isnt too eager to change). State can't control tv contracts.
Alright man I will get one out to ya :) probably won't send till next week but it is coming
NIT Selection Show is on ESPNU Sunday at 7 p.m. MT.
Nada much. Going to grams for dinner and to watch 24.
At which pub do you play trivia?
Hope every had a great Thanksgiving! I sure did:)
I am going to miss Josh a lot :/
u still mad at me
yes, I am eligible, but doctor and de thought it would be better to take humalog and lantus via shot-pump would be better - alas!
I'm already excited (: you guys will kill it . !!
Negative thoughts filling my mind... Just gonna get the 'pod and vibe.
Somewhat new ladies fitted tshirt drops today!!!! Get ready
I'm so so excited to have time to do some cleaning tomorrow.
Conducting a successful training is both exhausting and invigorating. Reminds me of how much I love the classroom setting
RT : This is how you do it...
Has the '"Safety School" chant come out for #NU in the #TDGarden yet or do #BU fans only chant that?
Drafting a review for the Tron: Legacy soundtrack. This one's going to be epic.
Dear Twitter hivemind: Teaching ethics and looking for something by Malcolm X to teach alongside Letter from a Birmingham Jail. Suggestions?
Cool ideas about integrating ACRL Info Lit Standards into student project of creating viral video.
sex is my drug of choice, I'm prob gonna b a pornstar when I move to Cali.
True! I love their dining area & the market too. Good #food. Really petite & delicious breads. Also, #Wine is good!
Your food pics have been one of the joys of 2011. In LA 1/21-24. Let's EAT!!
Bad bitches they gon buss it wide open
Last call for Senior Ambassadors for our new class! Do you serve seniors and need help informing them about comm. resources? Let us know.
im going for some work convention at cowgirls meuseum, ill will back the like the 3rd week of june to visit:)
Auto Glass Experts offers mobile glass services for convenient auto glass repair. We will come to your home or office . 414-409-7263
Hello Cleveland! #FF Thank you! Good night!
the round one or the young one?
Liketacular! I'm not full-steam on marketing yet, press release/tweets/etc start tomorrow, me thinks. Follow:
I've been good thanks 4 asking
Oh Jackson Lears - poetic prose that ropes me in but takes 3 readings to fully understand/decide if I agree.
you guys can live with me if you want. beautiful view..cornfields for miles.
Working on production for "Chuck Shaffer Picture Show" al morning and now time to do some writing, Evan's mixin "A View from the East Coast"
HOMEWORK. I hate saying that because its almost the end of the year..
My insecurities could eat me alive...
Please tell me this isn't about the game. RT : Seriously?! I can't watch.
I had the gallery door open for a nice breeze and now I have flies. #}`@#$%##^?
Stop looking at her.
Brain Floss: Hippocrates recommended a mixture of salt, alum, and vinegar be used as a mouthwash.
I just got home, earlier today I cried in the morning when I woke up and in class at 10:14(':
#301999 I'm the.one in the.profile pic :) xox
So my iPad is dead and I got no charger hate it :(
I'd really appreciate it if you guys not steal my Halloween idea for this year.
Hope you made it home first. We did--barely!
Is Ian Somerhalder an actual man or is he CGI?
Someone told me i am immature and need to grow up. Guess who's not allowed in my treehouse now ... 2 people follow me please (:
..what if, a group of people who kinda lived together, worked on the computer night and day..what if for shits & giggles, they picked on
So I'm guessing you charged your phone. :)
Hi Choclate-I'm going to listen to the interview while I kick my feet up and drink my Tim Horton's coffee! :)
I'm finally going home!
Right, that's the point of my post - everyone's numbers are different and there's no right or wrong amount.
Totally awake. And I took melatonin about 5 hours ago.
does anyone think imma slut? even tho i nvr had a bf yet
U don't love some 1 cuz they r pretty in the outside only, u also have to love them cuz of the inside. Prettiness could deceive.
I swear you always have to give nigglins that 30 minute grace period before the clock starts..I'll be there in 5 means 35. Gotdayum!!!
you two win the internet.
For a young, nerdy Jewish kid, no one was cooler than the Beastie Boys.
nice. Well my birthday is monday n if Ku wins on Saturday they will be playing then so im sure u guys would come to Lawrence
My showcase is done and tonight and I are going to a post Grammy party
Hey, are you the famous Matt from the article?
Rain will diminish overnight. Don't be surprised if some snow mixes in. Temps will be running right at freezing. Sunny and 50 tomorrow.
it's all about who you know and a little bit of what you know. use to meet awesome people
Looking forward to seeing Julia Alvarez speak this weekend. I've heard from many that she's very inspiring.
Damn son dragon ball Z kai
Happy 1 Year, I may not be apart of the ICONiac fanbase anymore but forever an ICONiac at heart love you boyz xo
wondering if I should really get involved with twitter...
Good news for #MLS fans from Serie A. Inter lose again. No wins in last 5: Forlan, Sneijder, Cordoba, Stankovic that much closer to MLS.
Whirlwind couple of weeks. Still completely bummed that my crappy wifi connection ruined shabbat
RT : Just purchased Touch, best 99cents I've ever spent and the cheapest valentines day gift to myself!
just joking
so i was at my friends birthday party yesterday and all of my "friends" were makeing fun of me bc im not like them ands makeing things up!!!
lets follow peoma peoples! :) :) !!
RT : RT FLASH -- LOS ANGELES -- "KING OF POP" MICHAEL JACKSON HAS DIED.
I'm getting real league pass. Considering the iPhone LP.
So there is this girl....
I'm up until the elevater. Pounds !
While Botanas warmed-up leftovers at home are good; the food is much better here!
Life... Love... Wine
Thank you! And thanks for the cookies!
"Courage is very important. Like a muscle it is strengthened by use." Actress, Ruth Gordon. Today do something courageous!
it means Journey ROCKS! (and you're old?)...
I love sharing a birthday with President Reagan.
youve never been a true friend , now im in tears .
a boxing workout dvd
please ive been trying for forever please for my daughters :-)
I follow feeds on politics, writing, and travel, yet Snoop Doog keeps showing up at the top of Twitter's recommendations for me. Curious.
If I find a super soaker in your house, I will guerrilla attack you with it.
team #meatballs :)
Cosign RT : YES
Hey how r u? how was surfing?
Hey, is the What's on the Menu source code open for other projects to use?
When your hand hurts because you wrote two pages front and back in 30 minutes
When I became a grown up, I put childish ways behind me. Which means I still do very silly things. I just get to swear more while doing them
lol a little late on the comeback
The more cars bursting into flame, the better
Wow, without even realizing what I was saying, I said "Halluuurr" at the McDonalds drive-thru... Lmao.
love you!
Love your avatar! Welcome to the twitterverse :-)
Walk with those seeking truth, RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEYVE FOUND IT.
Wonder if 2-3 diff initiatives helps or hurts the cause?
you're welcome JOOOOOEEEEYYYY!!! <33333 I hope Robert pinched you like I asked him to. hahaha! :D
no surprise... Been hearing a lot about his round about deals and limited partnerships for a while now...
I need to login?
Stunned to drive behind a car on my way to work with a license plate about stamping and a window sticker of a single lady and two cats.
I am looking for a Contract PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT ENGINEER within the medical device industry near Cleveland, OH. Please send resumes to jba…
Join us after work for the #Blackhawks Game 6 at 8 p.m. $15 You call it Domestic Buckets.
I'm in #a204 Matching Books & Communities.
tonight at 10pm Orpheus Roy and Old Milwaukee will be funny. Orpheus will be improvising off of somebodys date story.
To Whom it may concern. If you are one of many who are already passing the trees around. . Hit da weed for me.
Come to our next outing and I'll buy your first drink, or appetizer for being #99. How's that?
My friend's bf is getting a tattoo... I really wanna get one!
DO IT!
Serving $5 draft and bottled beers!
's live band is like the Dream Theater of Synthpop. Completely blown away by the "Live in LA" DVD.
ICONic Boyz next week !! Can't wait ❤😁
I need more description :-) What did it have on it?
I'm so mad right now. I want to cry!!
Last year, I asked Santa for the sexiest person ever for Christmas.. ...I woke up in a box.
“: Short people have fewer back problems than tall people do.” that can't even be possible.
Not happy. Why is Dyson's lips are that other woman!!!
They checkn id's at bdubs like we tryna get in the club
RT : Tonight in los angeles: Hosting a reading featuring the celebrated you want to be there. dm me & you can be.
mashes one and brings Scutaro home! DO WORK DEX!!!
that looks interesting? what exactly is this? assuming its a race-track model with remote controlled cars ?!?
Yo how do I stop whateva it is makin me follow random ppl??? This sum bullshiit.
Gotcha RT : DM me ya contacts lets get something Jumping!
especially when they are as boring as
Now on tap: Censored & Luck 13, Ovila, Grand Saison, Julian Hard Cider & more! #Craft Beer
In NOLA for French Quarter Fest. Should be a great time.
Why was the #painter afraid? He was yellow!
Hi Steve! Please do. . Look forawrd to hearing from you!
Getting ready to get my Hawkeye on
I saw you like the Hobbit. They're also filiming the Runelords film, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
"WHY DIDN'T I DRINK MORE WATER BEFORE BED"-something that sounds weird to moan out of context
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Once you truly *know* something, you cannot un-know it -- one of life's best lessons!
<3 chicago phoenix
I think Kony is for Oil and Gold.
Gotta go eat
Who looks after the EuroDisney website?Mick e-mouse.
Fukn and shittin are the best things
Mills also wrote book on WLBT case--in my #dissertation. [-]
wanted 2 thank the new followers man, I appreciate ya'll. I gotta go... Gotta do wut I gotta do , Unity peace and love to all of you
Despite strong political opinions, I promise to NOT tweet about #politics, cause that's NOT why you're following me.
#NowPlaying sonatas, symphonys, and concertos by greats like Chopin, Beethoven, Vivaldi, & Bach.
Apple's Steve Jobs Gets His Day
Deleted your comment on Wikipedia because "emergency vehicle" is not neutral.
For once #futsa left me alone but they're currently feeling up my wife.
No and this article is shallow Would Jesse Jackson Have Been a Better Black President than Obama?
hey sweetie how your. Day
...I'm all ova your girl like moisteriser...beware
he's brought his disappearing act overseas, eh?
real sour diesel smell like fresh laundry swear
Will there be a press tent/area?
They were great! It was awesome to be surrounded by so many talented people in the industry!
you saw the video too?
"My Week with Marilyn" good & sad :-(
I have the best friends ever, they spoil me way to much. (:
Who makes the necklace you're wearing today on the ? I love and need it!
it's standard. Went with Kevin smith.
<---- this genius spent about 10 mins after work looking for his coché, cuz he forgot where he parked -_-
RT : Top 10 Highly-Desired Skills You Can Teach Yourself - On countless occasions, you've likely said to yourself "I wish......
as a rare person whose sports opinion I respect, what would you have liked the Dolphins to have done?
thanks for the follow, let me know if I can ever be of help to you.
IMDb Bacon Number: 2 Eric Naroyan was in Somewhere (2010) with Susanna Musotto...who was in Frost/Nixon (2008) with Kevin Bacon.
Come to Fat Fancy if you still need something stunning for the Red Dress Party! We have a variety of styles and sizes!
Fieldwork and Social Enterprise: Reducing Poverty in Charlottesville class final presentations at
I shoulda done the same.
Oh no, we're investigating. Forgive us for the glitch. Send us details:
RT : When in a relationship if a #pisces cant have all of you then a #pisces wants none of you
I think the line "I know an underground clinic" has been in each of the 5 Johnnie To movies I've watched so far.
follow me(: love you and your mate cody simpson!!!!!
Wow, what a great story! Thanks for the link -- and how cool that your friend was involved!
happens often
idk, maybe. I mean I like doing vox for BTTP but On Track is a project you made with McKinney and those guys.
Well so much for this year. Not sure why you hold the ball all day against cleveland and take a hit like that
put them on blast... post a video and maybe send it to ??
AMPmilwaukee's producer, Tony Schueller has over 10 years of experience in all facets of the music production industry.
Good morning everybody, may you all Be Blessed!!!
pound cake
apparently hacked. EMP loves you!
Oh hey
As a Thank you for tweeting with us Please Enjoy a gift of Free Shipping & 10% OFF ALL Dan Balk Jewelry. Go to www.SingingStoneOnline.Com.
Absolutely. I remember seeing this in the theater and wanting to "grow up" to be a pilot. Loved Louis Gossett Jr. in it.
#TheNextStupidRealityTVShow "Real House Cats of New York."
I want to - private tweet me your
DaReal_DjKenzo is my nameon the ps3 hit me up on black ops
yes. love it
M-Geough is joining & over 1000 cities in 40 countries around the globe to celebrate World Car-Free now through September 24 2011.
good morning marianne you guys are awesome this morning ;)
Ravens have to get some type of drive here. Key early possession.
And Baseball Jesus nails Pedroia.
I know right! Trying to get mentally prepared for today
please check out my site. I would love to consider a collaboration. W.theadvocator.org
Apologies for the tardiness of our MIAMI WMC photos on ClubDistrict... Our photographer returned very sick so we must wait )=
Oh hey, thanks to for being my 200th follower!
"We have 11 minutes until we're interrupted" during #awarenessinc chat
Can't listen with people in the office, but will try to check it out around lunch.
Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo I love my phone
@ the Library: hey loser parent, don't yell at your preschooler for falling down the stairs when you weren't even in the room.
sista, i am leaving for NYC! I will be back next week! Catch up then??
I choked a bit on that one
Think i'm about to invest in a phone and get my number changed.
I'm loving this new song, 'Daughters.' This is why he's in my top three of favorite lyricists. 😊🎧
about time ! No more blackberry !
i just wanna go to my apt & make fancy meals all day long with all my colanders & slotted spoons & thingies!!!
Just about every great, brave or beautiful thing in our culture was created by someone who didn't do it for money. - Seth Godin
Back of earring flew off somewhere in first flight. Temporary replacement: tiny piece of gum.
Back in SAT! Long couple of days, but I'm strangely productive on planes. Maybe it's the weird looks I get using VIM.
Galaxy excited to finally get their man in Ireland's Keane
- sounds good. I've got my nose buried in a keying schedule right now. Would love to do it again.
Slow and steady wins this race.
I, too, am so thankful for all has done for and You are amazing!
Thanks to #Disney for playing in our sandbox!
Bullseye - more prudent competitors would sort it out real quicklike
I need a case for my basket...
Commissioners also seem to be looking for room for continuing ed, training opportunities from
I'm for real that sounded so relaxing
I plan on having 7 days of sex with
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
Tom Russell's MESABI has songs about Bobby Driscoll, Sterling Hayden, James Dean, Liz Taylor, movie-going in general, and...
At some point, I should watch the last season of True Blood so I'll be up to date before the new season starts.
looking forward to my "Cinco de Mayo" date with Christopher Darnyl Lemon tomorrow! 2 of my favorite things...Christopher & Mexican food!
so much scraping.
you should take a photo of yourself in the closet with a sign that says "please help" :)
heed my advice: if u want to win this thing choose as your running mate. This time, it will work.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is boarding a train from Pittsburgh to Washington DC. The trip is going to be twelve hours long!
Yes I do
Someones In Love c;
Nothing like a lunch break
The answer to our #hunt question will be found on , you can win deliciousness.
“: who wants to come over and watch the coachella live feed pretending we're there? #wishfulthinking” fuck yes.
when they say "I could die" I'm like "you're at the wrong place this isn't the ER"
Well it is time to hit the road and go finish what I started! O what fun today will be. Transmission is just about in ~
Our side project was just offered a solo gallery show.
We're so dysfunctional. It's pretty beautiful.
Yes. Do please submit. Coordinators do take a broad view of "early".
The Villa-Lobos Bachianas w/flute and Poulenc Sonata w/clarinet are lots of fun to play.
Sore throat. Doesn't mean I can't get a message across! Art schooling like I was born this may.
All that, plus they're pro-eliminating domestic social programs and foreign aid for the billions born into poverty.
WHAT? Double date with The Rogers?
i dontknow:(i still have to keep taking the battery out, i think its just cos the battery's been used so much, i want an iphone
Fun to follow another Adrienne! Love your mix of business drive with fun and family time!
Thanks! Good to be back!
The #NYPL catalog and website will be unavailable from 11:10 PM (EST) Thursday, November 10th until Friday 3:00 AM (EST) for...
pretty sure he's Brazilian
crazy madden game. yet again, I came out on top
for me ATLiens was called the "naked lady cd" between me and my brother. I never let my parents see it lol.
Carl White from Central went to Illinois-Chicago. Benny Valentine to juco, then TTech.
lol oh thanks love!!
Loving being Full of the Holy Spirit. Dwelling in unity. Nothing better.
So cuffing season is really I can't count on my hand how many of my friends are now in a relationship
Also got this feedback from a Zebra I train... ": Thanks to I'm wearing shirt with horizontal stripes."
Watching Lenox Macy's fireworks from balcony
If you are a Liza Minelli fan, tune into my radio show, Question Reality, Sunday, January 31 @ 5:00 PM (PST), channel 1, www.latalkradio.com
Ok, I've paid my respects & it's Sunday, so, I'll refrain from freaktweets until later. So, later it is...
is wondering how he's supposed to get any work done with so much funny in the world.
I'm great just rehearsing my life away right now for these shows... Is all.... How are you
Our snow seems to be attracting lots of attention. Just did phone interview for Oklahoma City and live shot for Weather Channel.
ehhhh, if we go to that extent I might cry.
Shocked. Someone broke out from the pack!
