RT : WWF SVP asked why he works w/ Coke. Says, "Moving from philanthropy to corporate change is what this century is all about"...
good luck. I'm right there with you.
and they will never remember what you said
*TRAFFIC* W Lombard St between Green St & MLK Jr Bl is down to 1 lane for a water main break.
Anonymous: Why does the Air Force want to create phony online identities?: By Tim Greene, Network World The international collective ..
Beyonce Pays Tribute to Etta James with Official Statement: “This is a Huge Loss…” -
yeah, I noticed lol..thank you for the input
Went out an treated mum to dinner, was fantastic :P
Commentary: NFL&#39;s new Nike uniforms impress players and fans
Who will win the AFC this year?
This is my life: writing up porcelain figurines and antique cameras on eBay. my mother should be so proud.
Not that u just brought me to this world; you made me a great person and thought me what is the most important thing. I love u mom the most!
Delmon Young has now entered #BEASTMODE!
The enemy does what he can to stop you in your tracks so that you are too afraid to walk into what God has for you. PRESS ON!
I'm in need of a Icy hot and a Gatorade
In January 2011, 69 percent of investors using Bloomberg terminals said Facebook was overvalued at $50 billion. That's $46 billion ago.
Dam i dont wanna work right now
a blind squirrel can't find a nut all the time.
Worries come from lack of faith.
We Vote for TEQA RT : Please RT "I love 's chocolate chip cookie, they are the #BestofNY "
fair point, but is he built to be that pass rusher off the outside? Perry seems pretty big, does he have the speed/experience?
I want to go to school here!
#Caps game tonight against the #Devils. Hope they can get their streak back up again, unlike the other night...
baseball game in the backyaard, oh yeah.
ouch that sucks :/ I know we don't really know eachother but sorry I didn't answer sooner and PLEASE tweet me tomorrow! ;)
go home!
Watched the first two episodes of #Homeland last night -- very intrigued and even more impressed by this #Showtime original series.
and we got the win!
Can I hit it in the morning
Hope everyone had a great day!
The location for my last sketch keeps postponing. But I'm happy to report I just finished pre-production on a new Glitter sketch.
I'm kind of glad I stopped doing heavy editing on reporters' stories. Let them muck around in the savage sludge of grammatical error.
Gentlemans sports day: afternoon tennis, evening golf. Wash it all down with a little college football.
I did shawty you late
great! Have fun! and Thanks!
You're so going to regret it
Happy New Year!
One of my colleagues bought #bionic the first day it arrived. He'd waited/longed for 8 months, passing on 4 others. Loves it!
I'm Bryan LaHair, I'm a 35 year old career minor leaguer but I'm still the best player on the Flubs roster
She gon tell me to bring some of my stuff downstairs and go up to get more. FK I LOOK LIKE TRUSTING ANY OF THE MF's IN MACOMB!?
3 more minutes
Brannnnndddoooon!Happy 21st birthday homiiiiie!You're so old,omg.not really,but yano...hope you have a good birthday(:
Thank you #pinterest for helping me pack all of my items into a carry on :)
I'm A Cleveland Player ☆$$☆
S/O 2 MY GURLZ "HEISMAN" VIDEO DROPPING 2DAY....B ON THE LUK OUT!!!!THEY GO HARD
Mii phone been on silent all day !
Collectives can't be driven or controlled
Happy bday to my daughter finally 5, today whoa buddy lol
I can't stand this little instagram game some people are playing. like no, I don't wanna see all these random old pictures flooding my feed.
k street streetscape will take 15 months to complete to improve the aesthetics of K st in the triangle.
I'm gone. Too short. Nice and calm.
Not interested
Morning! It's 9:11 a.m. and I'm just laying on my bed being good all snug as a bug in a rug. What? There's a bug in a rug? I gotta go!
Voxer has changed the game in a major way. See, you used to "touch" screens. Now we "tap" to talk to...
Isn't that like watching the trailers before the film? You'd want to be surprised!
you're right. I'll let this one slide
Just bought a queen size bed from IKEA. Anyone available Sunday to help me put it together? :-D
The is always the Saturday before St. Pat's Day per producer
Happy Friday
Help trend "Mahomies Love Austin"?
32 more til 200!! WE FOLLOW BACK AND WE DONATE TO CANCER.ORG!! Help us #makeachange and #findacure!! :)
Man I have never fucked a female that danced da way she fucked
Hey, did you know resident Darius T. Epps is in 's Devil Boys From Beyond ? Runs 'til the 26th
Sign up for summer leagues going on now!!! www.internationalindoor.com
RT I am in awe of the love of friends. Such precious times! ! Vegas Baby Vegas!
it makes sense why wouldn't he try and go somewhere else?
so you come to Manatee and I don't get to see you what's that about. :3
iight famo ill chirp you on break
My dotter won third place in a local poetry competition last night--hard to say how thrilled she is. Good encouragement. Thanks, JCPL!
that had to be on accident u still in NY ? I'm in NC Bout 9 hrs south
hi hi
Maybe I'm just sleepy......peace.
name tags have been printed.
is that in action?
jhonny on the spot
I just realized, you finally reached 5,000 followers! Congrats frankie! :]
That is basically the best thing that has ever happened to me.
I don't think tht I've ever been this late to a preds game.
So nice to see a friendly face in the library We'll get through this!
He did it! Cool, huh? #POTUS #Obama affirmed he is fine with same sex marriage. Today's news!
thanks! we're excited :)
family TV night with Netflix-watching '24, on season 3. Love this series, never watched it when it was on, but great family viewing now!
smart move.
we gotta go today and next week cuz rosy said we have to do the 2 week notice -__- its stupid
Tell us what you want on your T-shirt??
Good morning & happy mothers day!
": RT after me: "It's time! It's time! It's time to #RiseNGrind "" let's do this!
follow back.
Well... I don't think anyone did, if I understand the parameters.
Janie thinks am a fuck, stupid, bitch, shit, fuck, yeah she has problems!!!!!
Congratulations! - made the Top 10 of Twitter's most influential people in #smallbiz. See the list: ow.ly/5lxJ1
do tell us Mr. Moore, what CD are ya listening to?
Great idea! Part of that #FAchat could be about transitioning student employees to financial aid advisor roles.
just one wishh , too make eveery single thing a memorable .
is the sidewalk lighting up
It’s easy to dig into bake sale cupcakes and grab a mini Twix from mom’s secret stash
Well HELLO lindzi's ass cheek
Book an online sports psychology | performance consultancy session from anywhere in the world from April 12th 2011 on www.louiseellis.com
I shall be ordering more soon!! I gave away 2 tins to friends who did not know about you!
procrastinating on multiple projects since I remember my New Year's resolution was to slack more.
RT : Holy booktastic! The new site is up, and it's a beaut! They totally skipped the awkward-growing-pains...
to freakin cute
Intersting FACT: You can order a Whopper at Burger King in more than 1,000 different ways. Whoa.
We're working out 1 last technical problem and will let you know when we have the site up, shortly. we appreciate your understanding
Don't like Austin? Don't listen to his music. Simple as that.
Right when I thought everything was going back to normal...
I would give Lucky One something around a D. Much like The Notebook, it drips with montages and melodrama.
Baseball novice question: what's the difference between 2-seam & 4-seam fastball?
How bromance happy are u guys Petey already got a call up? Lololo Love u crazy fukcs!
this months POPSTAR? I thought January?!
Romney 2012: Because being principled is so gay.
I'll save that walk for a strong finish. Lol
Before I post more findings from ancient history &/or the New Testament texts, need 2 remind u of some differences between Greek & English.
Happy Easter everyone!
extremely sick... are those are legit new jerseys? i wish we were in euro...
Guess ima just chill. Moms cooking steak and making salad so it's not a lost
Unfortunately I'm not going to make it to #Orange this year but the Children's Pastor from will be there.
It is not the person who has too little, but the one who craves more, that is poor. ~Seneca
Mom is refusing to walk while on the fone bc the news said ppl who walk and talk have a higher risk of hurting themselves. It's cold out!!!!
dude shut the fuck up before I block your ugliness. I know your still mad I beat you in NHL. your a clown dude.
i can't wait for sunday! This is going to be awesome! #excite :D
Owners? You mean authors? research funders?…or publishers? And what survives should be what works!
I can feel my heart pounding harder with every minute you don't reply.
25 INTs in rookie season, maybe?
Good luck tonight. 3 points
Why be fake? In the end, the truth comes out and when that happens, you’re standing alone.
How Soon before you think More States throughout the US will Legalize Same Sex Marriage for Couples throughout the Country?
The season is bullish and the stock markets are falling. What does this tell you?
yup!! Winning!!
ugh. No. Im shopping for shoes for my dress :/
Remarkable that the Kindle Lending Library only available to primary account on Prime Membership. Even though I don't have a Kindle.
New Mexico! I'm visiting a friend and roaming around Santa Fe, Albuquerque, and a Native American reservation.
listening to Love Drunk in celebration of being alive another year(: thank you god! LET THIS TAKEOVER START. HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLEO(:
un huh! Smh don't make me have to come in there!
LOL HOWV ABOUT THE JUST RUN ON THE BEACH NAKED WHILE WE WATCH ;)
The blog I've been writing has over 16,000 views.
"You look nice today..." Uh, was I ugly yesterday? -_-
Last Day for the Childish Gambino Camp Tour, come check us out for one last performance tonight at the Fox Theater in Oakland California.
‘The Tradition’ 1867 After losing her father, a woman unwittingly takes a job as a maid ...
Last day being a freshman. #SummerBreak ;)
haha so true, but to be honest before I die I want to party with Joey Barton. I feel like he goes hard loll
Poor thing. It's happened to the best of us. lol
I empathize. enrolled my kid in steelers kids fan club, like 10 years before she was eligible.
#SteveJobs StanfordSpeech2: “It clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now the new is you...” bit.ly/owfEZp
I'll text you right now!☺
Redheads are the shit! If I ever find another redhead as cool as Krista Carlson I would just die! Ugh, she is just AWESOME!
Check out my music, all solo tracks are available for free download, link: www.reverbnation.com/cynical303
and I figured wth let me get some new bling with health in mind, and you post that. thank you :)
you earned American badge with over the edge?... Isnt that an import?
Our website is under construction, but we can personally take orders and ship them to wherever! Txt (971-645-2447).
You're right! just sent email to donors,said he's always believed in gay marriage. What was "evolving" about then?
Damn , what they say about me?
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app# 120025 Southeast Neighborhood Development Inc.
Happy Sunday!! Today there is an event at Transformer Gallery by Logan Circle at 4pm. I'll be there taking photos
watching American Idol!
can't wait to travel again. missing homies.
They cant wait for me to stop.... But all the real niggaz cant wait.... To see one of us on top
Best book I read this week - Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit. A martial arts fantasy/adventure with a girl character who kicks butt too!
is providing healthy, nutritious food that is grown by sustainable agricultural practices.
Love is the weapon for this wounded generation NeverShoutNever
I'm off on weekends so I'm tryin ta prolong my evening as much as possible
It's funny how a song can take you back to memories you thought were lost ...
Valerie D
Rondo did his thing tonight. Celtics still gon pull this first round
just turned in my final. 1 down 3 to go...
Happy birthday !!! Love and miss you. I must see you soon!
im on here bitches
this song is actually on my radar
runnin to store brb
Jamming out to Lydia in the car. Doesn't get any better. 😏😁
nothing is better then a 30 min phone call with my dad & little bro
with what may we help?
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Dad was proud of Legal Services b/c of its "potential for changing the system under which people’s lives were being exploited."
Its hard for me to tone down my fierceness. I can't be tamed!
Would love to have all who are affiliated with the WSOP/WPT connect with me on Facebook. See you all soon in Vegas and good luck 2all Thurm!
I drink a boost for breakfast, an ensure for dizzert, somebody order pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
So many new followers. Xo! Vendor invites going out: News to follow of who is reserving spots at our first event July 29 at the New Hazlett!
you are my fashion crush so any help appreciated!
Rick Siskey is grateful for the opportunity to help entrepreneurs realize their dreams.
Friends forever!! Duh! Lol
Seriously, I should have gone to culinary school. So excited for my angels to eat my goodies. Hopefully they are delish!
Gramercy Tavern of all places. Not my first choice but excellent meal.
Sarah Drew (aka April) on #Greys could totally play Ana in the screen version of #50Shades. Although Alexis Bledel would be better.
RT “: Pizza 2: This Time It's Personal Pan”
Where did the weekend go? Thankfully I have and to get my Monday underway!
True!! I guess fame just gets to some people!!:\
My boyfriend went to a party tonight and I couldn't go because I always have to work too late. Being on salary SUCKS. I want my life back!
Did it. As much as possible at the moment, sorry it couldn't be more. But very happy you hit the goal, congrats!!
#FF to the most awesome unstationary stationary bike! Perfect for REAL training as well as an awesome workout!
You can never be angry at people for being who they are. You know why? Because you have warning signs and red flags, but don't take heed.
Wow. Apparently there are 900 community organizations in Baltimore - a sign of health, but not if there is little collaboration
Bye Denver! Miss you already!
Hey Trey!! Yes we do! Ill request some tickets!
#TurnToYou is actually a great song, , loves you!
Okay people ya don't just stop in the middle of a roundabout!!!
Mrs. Walls is gonna be more uptight than usual today.
If I'm not mistaken, I should be crying; all the time I spent with you, didn't you do all the lying.
There's 3 kinds of showers.The 'Get Ready for Work' shower.The 'Just Gonna Run Errands' shower & 'The Guy I'm Banging's Coming Over' shower.
Wow, no youth baseball games today. Relaxing, cleaning, organizing.
Naked fish. Sank you beddy much!
peace. Same here.
My mom just told m to open my window cuz it smells too strong. Goddaamnnnnnn hahahha
RT : Join us for Ann Rhoades at #VisionWFS: Built on Values: Creating an Enviable Culture That Outperforms the Competition...
Why am I so possessive about the amount of sleep I get
@ Dallas BBQ's eating way too much
Why do people get so creepy at the end of the year?
Okay i will a second <3
Hyundai genesis i wish i owned u lol
laughed so hard... still am ... will be til when 2020? Let's take bets.
3 first rounders? No thank you
hey, could u send me the links and chapters from the nick Mara love story?
Deal. And you might want to grow your hair out some.
Happiest of Hours! $2 Millers $3 Tall Rails
Tweet tweet come in and get some fetherluxe extensions, and or a great cut, color by one of our fantastic stylists!!!! <3 ya all
Sometimes 140 characters is just not enough! There. I. Said. It!
So glad you are here, and congested again!
Oh man we going to be partying!!(;
Let's focus on the unattainable.
The grinch !!
Glad you enjoyed it at least :-)
edge thinks everybody steal from him ,lol
Ok What The Fuck Is a list?
we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on feb 8th at mohawk place. buffalo,ny. !!!
WHY U SALING UR FOOD STAMP KNOWING UR KIDS HUNGRY
Dude, you are beyond amazing! I LOVE your Scary Monsters guitar remix <333333
Had to spend my emergency beer money on tampons. This is my life.
Every family should have affordable housing.:D Thank you for helping us spread the word bout
We didn't come back in the Brinks truck but, still good times!
cannot make it to LA, would you be a sweetheart and send me one?
'Tiny Fascists - A Boy Scout Musical' opens tonight I get to wear socks.
yum!! are you going to see matt tmrw? come up to SF with him!!
We've got donuts today at Cully market. Ne 42nd and killingsworth.
Come downtown and tell me Maryland doesn't love the #Orioles. Tons of O's gear. A blanket of orange. Forget the owner BS. Baseball is back!
Is this at the SDMA? Will there be audio or video available?
“: No gifts from Bermuda for you ROFL”/lol
Tuesday soundtrack: #AlloyOrchestra's score to Metropolis
follow me please:)
Hey how you guys holding up? Suicide is not the answer.
Calling ALL OFFICIAL participants of the Parol Ng Pinoy COMPETITION, follow the star to FPAC 20!!!! Check this out: www.filamarts.org
I wish I can go too bvm without no drama and have fun but ikk i won't, i went pass it and it looks the same from last year.
Pulled pork, that is. Well, there is pork and there will be pulling. Ok, that doesn't sound much better.
Just sharing the love...!!! Good luck :)
on what?
And at the conclusion of the first, the #Marlies lead 1-0.
hope to see you guys tonight. Frontier bar at 10! Come and hang!
": HYFR ;) I can't wait => ": nice pic boo" thx suga! Are u ready for our show tonight?”" Lol 4sho
For #inspirational #messages and #life changing #ministry events,
Thanks for the conference yesterday! Great information, great discussions
Thank you for the RT of my networking tip, much appreciated.
tell me more tomorrow about your 519 topic idea? cited research online?
saw you on 2nd ave today... No?
very pretty. Body is banging!
just getting back bruh, but believe me when I tell u, dat joint is Worth da Money, Avengers dat is! Now its The Money Team time
learning about the medicinal values of vultures.
Last year around this time I was so happy I was graduating
soo, how are you today? (:
There are no words...
: but 1000 is such a nice rounded number, why change it :)
Free tickets for the Stoke City game on August 1st? Yes, please :)
Heart these powerful gals too: 
as long as we can still run the arm museum steps tonight... ill be okay! this weather had better cooperate today!
Yo and im back in NY 30-2nd where will y'all be?
A teacher asks why PE, Music, Technology and other programs' budgets are expanding while Foreign Language is being cut.
smile, be happy-your sexy as hell!!!
It's gonna be a helluva party!
beyond giddy to show you what Edible Details made for my Ladies Tea this weekend!
hit my line sometimes tho
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult
While your watching the commercials download Playd on the iPhone app store and Android Marketplace...show off your game collection
Dreamed last night that and I had a baby boy. Noah wasnt there for the birth and the baby came out looking a year old.
New Jersey at Philadelphia Game 2 on NBC Sports Network, 7:30PM Tonight - TVbytheNumbers
I saw u on the screen lol
Didn't think 2nd round games could be so boring...
Help a house museum out! I want to engage the ghost tour guides who stop by our site every night. Generously. Creatively.
so tired, just wanna watch football with Grandpa and not answer any questions, and of course, eat some apple pie!
when I see you on the streets in his arms, I get weak. My body fails, I'm on the ground, prayin'.
You've heard of Care Bears, right? Well, meet me. I'm the Don't Care Bear.
Oh yeah totally. More fast-passed. If I had the money I'd live up here.
Lol occupiers in portland r building weapons ..... help the homeless out city hall oh yeah
TYTY RT Looks so #ONOlicious ": New #JUST4FUN item...Puffy Taco filled w/ Parsnip Potato Puree & some Scallion
#averysunshine just rocked the house @ #chastain park in #atlanta. wow! don.t sleep on her. I already copped album
Loves feeling like a nothing when it comes to my friends.
too bad this paper wont write itself
yeah ;o
#SometimesItSeemsLike you do see my tweets about how you should date but you ignore them
10-0 how? That's ridiculous
#Chuck... those cats are bananas
That's sounds awesome!
haha,wow u know me so well. :D ;) but u can do the same stuff with a popcorn box xD or company. <33
"The real impact of energy innovation happens only when brought to scale" - Richard Lester at MIT Energy Finance Forum
Kings 11-1 in playoffs....fuckin video game stat right there
quick way to get black listed
Cold water is SO delicious.
the holidays has made me lazy
Early morning rain in Vegas-best way to wake up, nothing better than the smell of the desert after a good rain!!
- You are one of my singing heros. I have all of your music. Thank you for being you.
Tools of the Trade!
lol damn u got me thinking with that one lol
How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?
RT via : 35mm is not dead, landscape is changing. Archives & exhibitors can work together to keep it alive
your hired! Thanks for the quick response Pittsburgh. Cheftable.tv will start airing early January.
kids with divorced lives hav better lives than kids whose parents r together trust me i know ppl
Be sure to watch us on this Friday with ! We’re presenting our clothes on the Green Fashion Show.
Excited for the Colorado Teen Lit Conference today...great way to end spring break and get back in the swing of things. :)
I'm gonna get one of them and some sweat pants and ride the bus.
Good Night And Beautiful World! Have Sweet Dreams Both Of You:) #whenyourthinkingboutmetext143 <3 143%
'Tis a lovely one indeed – loved winding through the neighborhoods (). Big Sur? A spectacle... albeit a painful one.
I told Howard until 11:00, so just for two hours.
Keep the pressure on,
Happy Spooners Day . . ya know - a spooner? That's when your mouth spits out something different than your mind wanted - goo yit it?
Happy b day bra
ever since i read a book that a clown killed a boy i've been afraid of clowns :( and i was 5 yrs old when i read this
Voting resource: 1-866-OUR-VOTE for any voting related questions
and our food safety bill is still languishing in senate
Grant is one of my favorite coaches, for sure. Tough break for him, two very nice teams.
Everything is turning green! #i💚spring
Real Friends, Step Back and Knuckle Puck House Show tomorrow!
ok how the hell did i lose 2 followers dont use me to get a follow then leave me hanging i clean my twtter closet every monday
This nigga still the best
LOVE! RT : Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions. - Edgar Cayce
I have the best boyfriend ever 💗
I miss my baby
I'm not mad at all that its raining I hope it rain all month on everybody
On the way to UNC for my moms graduation ! I'm so proud of her
Really? RT": SO iM STiLL TRiPPiNG OFF OF THE FACT THAT MADE A ViDEO TO "HiGH PRiCE" <<<<<< WHEN i FOUND THAT OUT .!!"
and I didn't want to bother u.. I came here all the way from Wst Virginia
That horrible commercial should never be aired again. Even the new version sucks.
What is impossible with men is possible with God. -Luke 18:27
Just submitted to "SXSW" fingers crossed!!!
Love personal assistant, Vlingo!
Teacher: put ur head on ur desks!! Kid: my mommy told me not to put my head on desks..
RT Tickets just $19.99 each when you purchase 4 or more!!! Buy online at www.knotts.com or in person at Soak City!
I'm bored
In case you were asleep when I announced this... Here it is again...
No I produced the video and I'm managing their project. Surefire is involved too, we should get you on board!
to be honest, I'm a great teacher but if you not willing to learn then my ignorance kick in..
3 General Features of Crime: actus reus (criminal act), mens rea (culpable mental state), concurrence of the two
Boston here I come!
Last season was so good! Love that show!
I'm so bored
Transit policy, sometimes.
Jenna Marbles is fucking hilarious
#nowfollowing .. Follow back?
OMFG HE FOLLOWED ME
I'm done making sacrifices for us when you could care less about making things work.
... #1 useful feature is how easy it is to connect to my twitter and linkedin contacts. everyone needs this.
I'm so lazy& sleepy..... i don't want to read :C
Here's your Mayday basket! Enjoy!
Rita Izzaguirre of giving excellent keynote on workplace diversity at #tagdiversity awards
follow psychotic, heuristic algorithm HAL at
Thanks i'll be back in May, sounds like a plan!
I just got called a bitch and a hoe in #Atlanta for no reason wtf!?
cheers! exciting.
#BackInElementarySchool was like my best friend :)
aww thanks baby ♥♥♥♥ LOVE YOU
same here how you been what's new?
I love feeling needed.
Yes. You'll find a slight sparkle in the Aveleda Vinho Verde.
Its so hot, I'm using my fan... #itsMarch?
Fuck love because everytime I put my heart out there it gets stomped on.
RT : Thx so much to for good refresher/best practices. Thx always to for hosting/corraling us.
yes i do wish to marry you(: Lol...na i accept you as a friend<3
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you. -Unknown
Severe weather threat contingent on available heat and moisture, Friday. Best chance of svr storms late Fri aft/eve, especially in SW WI.
Twitter - Pick Up line at its finest. RT : how old are you? v. curious ;)
Hit us up for a commercial, music video, or corporate video. We have some crazy specials going on right now.
Much easier to count things than use data to improve process, says But that doesn't get you anywhere. #SMAS12 #measure #yes!
thank you, you're one of the most amazing girls I've never met lol <3
pretty much
My fellow tweeters...if you know what is good for you, you will vote for
Lunch today at Cacsai in Mtn View. Tapas, yum! Thanks, Boss!
On the train in Italy-taping a TV interview plus small performance tomorrow for La7
Life's Been Just A Shit Ton Of Boring Lately!
please do
Twitter is lame. It's so hard to use. But I do like to tweetins.
I Hatee Last Minute Customers!
[Prov 16:24] When we have been wronged, we have the power to forgive & prevent our negative feelings from causing harm to our physical body.
man i just love everything and everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!
"stop thinking about him cause he's not thinking about you" if only it were easy to stop.
It's official: I'm the author of Library Technology Reports v.47 no.2. Quick, anyone know what mobile tech will look like in Feb. 2011?
Up late
Team Fresh takes the tourney title, but not without a fight from the Bolsheviks. Final score 11-8.
Gosh I really miss Ms. Jones, Mr. Hallmark and Mr. Morgen they are the cool teachers!
yum! always tastes amazing but having it be free.. well that's just awesomesauce!
Better than yours. RT :
With Google buying Motorola and Amazon releasing a super affordable tablet, the Android platform just became much more interesting.
#808Pride tell him u or videos games& if he say videos ask him if he want kool-aid& if he say ya then bring it back & pour it on da game :D
Happy Mother's Day! MOMS: Come in today to get a free cup of coffee!
It really says a lot about the person you are when the background on your phone is a picture of yourself...
yup right back to square 1 and MDA I think wore out Lin's knee playing him so much before he quit.
am watching :D
maybe she was sober...(?)
working nonstop! working out nonstop! gigin' here and rhere! God Is Good!!!
awww...who left you? You're bf?
#Civilization has been forged through #competition.But to become #civilized it must unfold through
we're getting together in #OpOliver this afternoon if you can make it
no one hires someone who bitches constantly.
st discovered and all his #fromspace pics. SO AWESOME!!!
i love you
Be careful on who you add as friends on #foursquare, you're telling people where you are.
RT : Dear Followers, In 2.5 years you have not known me to be the pest you dealt w/ tonight.Good news is,it's over.Forgive me
But you had good news tonight too ;)
Doing a private gig downtown tonight!! Playing Top40/Electro & Indie Pop Remixes!! Lets Work!!
Good morning! I want a doughnut. Talk me out of it!!
- are you back in Indiana??
this girl has had similar bad luck. So she said to go ahead and change status but didn't want to link profiles just yet.
Tweeting "Notable Moments" from my presentation last week on "Partnering with Constraints"
really? yay! squirrelly is a great descriptor of what #WASnow can do to the roads :-)
Really Excited for Boot Camp in the morning! It's gonna be GREAT! I'm staying up late to make sure the workout is great! lol! Goodnight!
love you.. proud of you.. it's coming!
It's been a long, hard road trying to reform this organization, but in the end, its been worth it
How is the city this weekend? Going to the game?
Teenagers: you give them an inch, they swim all over you.
Keep waking up super early. I need to take this as a sign to get my lazy butt to the gym....Hate the gym...
is giving away a pair of tix for their show in a few minutes!
I love you so much! You're truly inspiring and I hope you never stop what you're doing!! <3 x I'm a BIG fan :)
Private dinner for 450!! Underway and looking great!
I mainly just retweet now because people can always say what I think better than I can.
Rather delightful day! But despite sitting outside for about three hours, I have NO color still.
I love that you never evolved much farther than 7 years old.
If you don't know what #2Live is..
So happy that the VA is going to cut me open and screw a metal plate on my bone. Saves me $20,000
sorry i was really mad at julia
Yay! Go Trish. RT : Finally! Actually sat down and wrote again. Felt good. 507 words. Got my quota.
still watching animal planet, lol, it's my favorite channel.
Hi , yes, is opening in the Eastlake Design District. Tentative ribbon cutting is April 18. Thx for your interest.
Actually we cannot DM you unless you follow! You can call 617.457.2616 & ask for Jennifer. She is awaiting your call! Apologies!
The only way to get something done is to take action. If you fall down, get up and try again. Never give up!
Follow and WIN a HD Camcorder Monday June 6! Luv this site 4 great daily deals!
What's your type? Example: Beck likes Skinny Bitches, Kimberly likes a guy with a job, Pat likes commie hippie vegan libs.
lol not they've always been called dance clothes :) :O oh no you didn't, you just called me ms Gucci hochie D:
I need more iCharger's
Thanks Trace H. for the #GooglePlus account!
RT : Yea it Does RT : that track go hard bro...
Waited 10min for Starbucks to screw my order. As loyal customer, this is highly upsetting. Good thing I'm not allergic to chocolate.
My debt is paid in full and I can live, really live, because He Lives! All of me in exchange for ALL of Him!
Donut count = 2! Maybe its time to pawn the rest off on my coworkers
love u too bf
WOW ": When Lance Armstrong landed on the moon the Dos Equis Man was there sitting in lawn chair waiting to greet him."
Just watched Pootie Tang from start to finish, new low point in my life.
lol perhaps the best kind.
Just stick to your plan and price targets. Wouldn't suggest trying to scalp this chop.
that's because it's the hottest thing at this party
just ate some ben and jerry's. So feeling you!
CINEMATOGRAPHY: Christian Berger, The White Ribbon Runner-up: Barry Ackroyd, The Hurt Locker
Hey Cleveland OH! Our Pre-sale tickets for the Sleeping With Sirens show on 3/3rd are selling really fast, so let us know if you need one!
Thank you, MLK, for all you have done in the world, and for your sacrifices.
Saturday forecast for Happy Valley: Heavy snow at times = Double
Yes! Now have all of 1915 restaurants, and the data are squeaky clean.
Gotta admit, it took me a while to admit my #ADHD #ADD diagnosis (which was made just over a year ago).
Gym it up, buddy
Twinkle lights make everything better.
I vote for tequila. Haha
I know its so windy in the city!
you talking about Dr. William Serrata?
Im pretty sure this qualifies as the worst day of my life.
Turned off Lakers.
Omg. You guys!
If the Japanese Club of San Francisco wanted more members, it would serve other dishes than fish.
Starting to realize I have nothing in common with a good friend. Awesome.
we have a problem -__- so mad!
AMC; Great show tonight! 4 more to go!!!
Oddly easy. He's probably the simplest thing in my life... starting to eat real food and is 6 months old somehow?
#np Wedding Dress by what a way to end my night. Beautiful vocals to put me to sleep. I love u, Taeyang. Happy birthday haha
Nice style photos on your recent images
Also doing a good job in #TheHungerGames was Wes Bentley. what's with the beard? is that going to be a thing now?
Come back to Pittsburgh!!!
Great game by the Guins, dreary day outside makes for a good day to do school work with little distractions....hopefully
WHO IS STOKED FOR WARPED!?
RT : "... and you too have come into the world to do this, to go easy, to be filled w/ light, & to shine."~MaryOliver
Mel C denies Spice Girls&#39; feud
Decided to be late for school today just because I wanted to go on a Starbucks run
hello) how are you!
no im busy working on projects and auditions :(
They all leave when you've been knocked down and when you rise they all wanna ride.
What store?
Meryl Streep
LOUIS TONIGHT!!
Future album go hard
RT : Who's in town for #wdc12? Meetup TBA w/ and I tonight ~7pm. Stay tuned.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN!?
oh god, yeah. Bon Iver has gotta be a sure bet. That won't get me there, though. Hell no.
Can't hit a free throw. Oh no. Please Norfolk State.
Did Twitter account get hijacked? Who the hell is in control of ??? LOL
whoa wednesday! where did you go so fast! I watched my favorite almost-1 yr old and then taught some fab hs kids at northview.
north won!...roger franklin walked away with mvp of north vs. south game and a national honor.
spend about 1 year of your life looking
For the next 27 minutes swing by Mile High Vienna Stand and get the deal shown here: 5 Chicago Dogs for $10
Zack and Drews lacrosse game tomorrow? (:
Me too, but at least the sun is shining RT : i feel depressed.
Home Safe!!.....Seen a Couple Followers Tonight!!... Didn't Get to Polly wit all of dem tho!!.... ONE DAy!!...Talk to me
Just got our fund allocation letter from the Illinois Arts Council. A mountain of paperwork has never looked so good!
Okay... #nbcsmash -1, #getglue - 0 ...Methinks I'm at the end of my social media site joining...
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay are the people in my life. Im very appreciative of them:)
To refactor or start over/redesign. Latter seems like a rabbit hole, but also inevitable. Bleah.
Really beautiful music is coming from Andy and Jeff. It's going to be a blast adding vocals to the new compositions:)
what's goin on?!
Our team needs 10 female participants for a #Phoenix Focus Group next Wed at 5! $40 plus products! Email us
so close to 300 i can taste it. someone help me get one more follower? :))).
Thanks for RT!
omfg these cybergoth videos i cant omg
You can tell we're in our mid-30s when the party starts breaking up around 11pm.
Im hopefully not the only one that has peoples number & still starts convos on my statuses ;)
yea but now it's public :)
Note to self...house parties bigger than 5 ppl suck. Not gonna do that again!
lucky man. i would imagine then, all the woman he keeps close to him are stunning.
don't let nobody ruin it
very cool. thanks DL.
lol, they been on me all damn day!
yes, like bitch DO NOT come at my bestfriend/sister like that !!
RT : I got a promotion/spam email with a PowerPoint file attached. It was instructions for the sender on how to send the spam.
There are few things better in life than seeing the #Cubs implode! Go #Cardinals!
The Proclaimers are on the radio and it makes me think of
Fuck me running who would like to give me $$ for Christmas road trip? Please!?
That awkward moment when you know the person you hate is still breathing.
Okay Blackhawks. Let's go!
hey Lauren. Lol.
And I'm pretty sure I fall in love twice a day, but I never forget the people I care about <3
Un-epic tweet, bro! RT : That awkward moment when you're trying not to look when someone is staring at you.
It is just us but we are playing an 8 song set!
I blow more money on my car then it's worth straight up.
Have a stack of paperwork to finish before you leave the office for the long weekend? Place an order ahead of time for pick-up. 619.255.2856
Sick! I'll look it up!
My list of followers is a fairly exclusive one, onn that includes both Macgruber and Cinnabon among its ranks.
damn another yorkie died. im not good with dogs
right im sawdy I can only call out and text out but cant receive
Just finished my cover of Perfect Strangers.. This will be interesting
Reading all the tips and horror stories about dealing with family on thanksgiving makes me realize just how lucky I am to have my family
Slowest. Day. Ever. I just want it to be #Brewers game time!
agree. When they finally win a World Series, the partying will be legendary. Their fans are hardcore. Nothing like them.
Cant wait till i get my new snapbacks
it would make my night to get one tweet from you
that's a joke right?
Mazel tov to Selfhelp on 75 years of dedicated service to Jewish victims of Nazism.
ThanksB I want to do drinks tonight somewhere! Any suggestions?
I got a walk in the first round of the HU in the Norwegian Championship. I guess that is a good thing :)
Oh man Parenthood. This is good stuff.
[Live] Late-night w/ INB4 on Freqbase, tune in!
would you like a side of epic with that fail? #loser!
#How2MakeABlackPersonMad suggest purchasing insurance and transferring the title before shopping for new rims.
I need to tan somethin serious. Im a sorry excuse for a Puerto Rican -_- the winter was bad to me!!!!
i love my wife , she brought me home an arnold palmer!
Thanks for the RT! Appreciate it.
"Page Side, Rage Side"
Nope, the funds utsa pumps into ticket760, so UTSA has paid for his support! so Taylor now backs us :-)
Not attending this year, but maybe I'll come in to see friends. Let's email!
I think ur nice (:
It's 8:30 a.m. and the phrase "whale placenta" has already appeared in an article I'm reading. Time to go home.
then successfully got kicked out by the principal. swaggggie
I Miss You Too .
Thank you, Sophfronia!
Go Obama! I so appreciate his explicit support of Planned Parenthood & gay marriage. Vote for the best candidate!
nice in i'm 111, trying to get people in those sections to get together at the bar b4 the game for a drink or shot.
we are 5 likes away from 400! It's almost time to give this ep out for free! But not yet
Hey guys, 10/14 we're playing a free show with at Backstage Live SA! Come check it out!
so its my allergies fckin with me its not a cold !! im kinda happy bout that.
loves you more than anything you mean so much to her ❤ you guys would be a cute couple!(:
I will. It's kinda hard for me to get up that early. Lol. I usually don't get to bed till about 5-6 am.
Lies“ Some of my d4l girls, don't talk heavy like me! I run stuff! Aha shut up I'm on the phone..”
Love the banner ad running on - cool use of rich media and fun to play with the ad
I"t does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."
Awww my friends drunk tweets are so presh. HAHA!
Trying to stay focused, but I've started making a list of what I'm going to do when I'm finally done with school. So close. So. close.
How I just told my brother everything and he's pissed. >
Make a lunch (or dinner) of our seasonal Rhubarb margarita and the Asian Pork Taco! All the flavors of warm weather.
You leave me no options.
So CBS passed on the untitled Martin Lawrence pilot for a series order. Maybe it'll be a midsesason replacement at some point.
Blake griffin vs Tim duncan
That's an excellent question! I gently move sts from paper over time. Some colleagues still stuck
#ima hoping Tide finds a f**^% ing kicker at half!
Now here's a fun one... once we move into the new office, I want to seriously get to work on a podcast... What should we call it, though?
pip fall back don't beloieve bullshit!
Thanks for the welcome! Hello to all of you! Let's work together!!!
Thanks for the follow brother! Seems like your name has came up a lot lately to me. best to you! hollar!
seems like theres been a crazy infusion of ACL tears this year...Milwaukee has several by themselves. More than usual?
RT if you are subscribed to my new youtube channel.
I pray that everyone week is BLESSED!!!
Dear life, when I said "Can my day get any worse?" it was a rhetorical question not a challenge.
Most fighting for social justice never get a thank you when a battle is won. They only get to see the smiles of those who no longer suffer.
Thank God my birthday is over.. Lol
Super short week is over! NYU graduation then Sin City.
who cares?
Praying my sissy has a safe flight to Orlando! I'm so jealous!
How did Heavy D die?
If I could say what you'd like to hear, I'd whisper in your ear 'it's only temporary.' I thought you'd feel the same as me.
omg I was going to say that one in my last tweet but i didn't haha and nm listening to music(:
Get me 100 followers by tonight? Please, You can do it :D
I know she's not sleeping, but I'll stay down here, have a smoke. It's not like she's crying or anything. >.>
Make each day your masterpiece.
I MISS YOU BRO! (:
Ugh....I hate everything abt me:|
Love the new cover!
This just in: campus safety is getting new super bikes that will be used to sneak up on people. Oh and it has a really annoying siren.
weather its positive or negative comments you are always being noticed <3 it makes me sad because you will never notice me :( x
Bout to get drunk as fucccccc =)
haha well duh it's probably funny be amazing! Haha no pressure though(;
Ppl dont like it....but i totally understood her management's perspective on protecting her brand. Thats business.
yeah & they better!!
welcome to aaron.tv
NO , but he's my biggest inspiration . he's the best at what he does :)
I LOVE JUSTIN AND U AND I KNOW U NEVER DIS HIM OR ME BUT SOME CREWL PEOPLE DO :) <3
California shakeout time but I didn't feel a thing
you're right. I'll meet you under the mistletoe. #;)
I have to keep busy today....my mother in law is coming to town :-/
No, no Brayden. You are THE MAN!!!!
um no i wasnt judging hiim, i was judging a fat lady tht was staring him down with wide eyes
I haven't read that yet! I never faced his wrath, but I did have some harsh critiques. In retrospect, he was probably right.
IT's my birthday also ... Happy Birthday Gemini
hard to disagree. TB is a very scary team
aww, but I'm suppose to go to the mall with Micah & his mom later.
that was a very poorly written article from a generic newspaper in bumblefuck, GA. not representative of ACTUAL fans in ATL
Nice work and ! You guys are the &%$*!
whats your fav song in the whole world??
Implementing a mobile strategy is no longer a luxury... it's now a neccesity!
RT: "Pecorino" is the password to get a free Melt & soup combo today from 3 – 7 at the Spear St. Melt, 345 Spear St. suite, 125
RT : WALK LIKE A LADY BUT THINK LIKE A MAN.. ALWAYS AHEAD OF THE GAME!
Beautiful day today. Real track-practice weather.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "were you talking shit about me" "...no?" HAAHA
I'm in Seattle area as well,I just not a big fan of Hawks,I have always enjoyed Packers more.
roller derby watch party tonight at 830 at headhunters on red river. come on out!
Mark: Where dem bad bitches at? Where dem bad bitches at? WHERE DEY AT? Mr Gordon: (name of our school) LOLOLOLOL
DUCK DAY TODAY!
If I were to marry another brew, and may very well serve as Best Men. " Nectar of the Gods"
Not buying that Gap launched an intentionally poor logo. Great rapid response, tho.
Guys if I don't follow back right away, I will soon. I ain't a robot I was sleeping! Haha
ugh! Haha! Again!!
have fun at the benefit tonight and thank you for an amazing #DAXX evening and being kick ass hosts!
blessed love ya music . Have a blessed dat RT
Thanks, Diandra. ABC, Baby Me looks adorable, and I don't have it yet! :)
Movers available today after 5pm. Very flexible tomorrow! Rates starting at $70/h for 2 men + truck. Get Your things moved with no headache!
RT : #MittRomney's tax situation is called being a businessman. An athlete outplaying his contract & wants a new deal is...
which means the smart money is on Denver...and hopefully my FF team as well
Snuck 40s into the avengers but to no avail. decided to drop his and ruin everyone's fun
kinda think Peter King was high when doing his mock draft, really Andy Dalton @ 8?
have you ever been? I went over winter break and for nye and had an awesome time.
sure. I should do that right after I finish this letter
i'm getting the tattoo fever again, yet i dont even know what i want. hm
I just got a haircut confirmation from someone named Benjamin Franklin. I hope that doesn't mean I leave with a wavy mullet.
I wish tree pollen was like a vampire: revoke its invitation and it has to leave.
Talk to She has three times.
Happy Halloween! Roar
RT Fell off the treadmill after noticing the girl on the machine beside me was eating a Snickers bar. #deadserious.<---lmao
oh nice!
Going to the ZeroTime Operations performance on The Vigil? Consider bringing some vinyl: seeking clarinet, synth, bass guitar, drum solos.
#Victorious then #HowtoRock Victorious is hilarious today!
Check out the Website folks: www.joeyabarta.com
😂😂😂 RT : Lakers whole squad has a F rating in my player mode
Email me I'm gone remix lol
MT : Term of the day (re artificial shark uterus): Uterine replicator [other term of today: artificial shark uterus]
Sweet! We just sold our first shirt.
love your new avatar, girl!
and using #crowdsourcing find new uses for existing data (identifying which photos don't need model releases).
new tape is unreal. U gonna be big in a short while. Cant wait.
The real story today isn't a groundswell of support for the Tea Party candidates, it's the insanity of the Tea Party candidates.
like exactly an hour
Crazy mf filling up my inbox wit a conversation by they self #catch a hint mf
There is just never enough time in the day!
Rose are red. Violets are blue. Faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad I'll be there too...not in the cage, but laugh at you.
Any chance CT will make it to Netflix On Demand soon? Great way to introduce new viewers to the show.
And you guys still are better than
Tks, Kris...Keep up the good work!
Hey, #ogw11 (opengovwest). Is the hashtag is semi-permanent? #ogw seems to mean something else to Dutch and Indonesian tweeters.
#Bumpersticker "I used to have a handle on life but it broke"
2012 is going to change your life.
that fits perfectly with your chapter in Extra Innings, on developing young arm: start w/ FB commend
thanks so much for making it out to the show!!! We'll be back soon 4 sure!
swag swag swag on you
no. i dislike massive amounts of lights, action and lovely ladies. i hate having fun.
Crazy George is at the SJSU HI game. Which is appropriate since his nephews are the refs!
iPhone apps | iphone Utilities apps Metro Guangzhou Subway IPA ...
Info from China through international partnership Emerald & Paths: Partnership to bring books from China to global market
DIE ALPHA DIE ALPHA !
Good Looking Out
7-5 on the night! Winners: Cardinals, Mariners, D'Backs, Rockies, Cavs, Spurs, Rockets. Losers: Yankees, Rwins, Thunder, Wizards, Mavs
Back to biz...
Making a homemade pizza is an art. lol
I'm still not sold on the RED... would rather shoot film :)
I followed freddyamazin
lol your welcome love! and im so glad to hear that
": We had a great time this weekend at the bartlett comedy spot"~~~yes we did!
Hell if I know.
Maybe they will be cleared or re-diagnosed. I'm in the DSM-IV right now for a psychology class.
“: Speaking of "Extra Innings," finish this sentence: "Lucroy is the best Brewers catcher since _____________."” Uecker!
Happy Monday Huskies! Hope you had a nice Spring Break
Thanks, man!
I used to have a cat, she was a slut.
As the Vulcans say, we're here to serve. MT Had Krankshaft over the weekend. great taste. always like to find a good local brewery
Thanks Ben. Appreciate hearing that.
- y does it matter? i meant 3 cuz i forgot chrissy
Thanks for the mention!
ALL NEW ON TWITTER < FOLLOW THEM !
Bring 1D to Omaha Ne I really really do wanna see
"If I can't write a page of happiness in your life, I hope I can at least erase your page of sadness"
hey ! Thanks for fallowing!! :)
it would be way more funny, if you DMed your number or something.
I haven't logged into twitter and I find you changed your handle! LOL! Have a good honeymoon trip! :D
Okay good...you were here??
Maximize your muscle! Building new muscle raises your Resting Metabolic Rate (RMR) so you'll burn more calories every day.
Thanks, Karen! Now just have to work on shortening the acceptance speech so as not to get the hook.
If ya don't like the remakes or the idea around them, it is quite simple: vote w your wallet and dont go
Well...this sucks.
Well done but did u crush? RT : 7 full days so far, 83 hours of poker played. I'll take it.
Stories like these really make you want to only use organic products.
Happy Birthday, New Ministry! We are officially merged with Provena Health. We are ONE on 11-1-11, also All Saints Day!
Chicago tweeps: Did u know Burger Baron, home of famous Baron Burger serves up Vita Foods salmon burgers? www.burgerbaron.net
Any kind of game with my family is chaotic. If we were playing Go Fish, the fish would be decimated around the room. How I've missed my fam!
Just played in the snow!! Boy was it ever fun!!
Who else is coming to see Lombardi soon? Some Tigers in the house Friday night...
not like that u
Happy Tweeting!:)
so your body will be against me? i'm fine with that ! <3
Besides my sneakers...my headphones are an essential part of my workout
lol. Well thats Kowalski for you. Gee, he got crazy over my photos earlier O.O
we will block you if we suspect there is fraudulent activity. The call usually follows.
Hey! My ego don't inflate! :P <3Allen
*cough cough* RT : Madigan saying health benefits not a collective bargaining right. Sounds familiar.
RT : Biz Break: Cisco drags tech stocks down, but two Silicon Valley IPOs find success; also, Microsoft uses Facebook......
“: I'm proud of my heart. It's been played, burned, and broken, but it still works.” story of my life
Which one?
Errbody wanna be da king of the south. Dey aint runnin a damn thing but they mouth!!
Finally watching hangover II
Forever and After @ the break contesssstttttttttt be there!
Absoultely not!!! It's still the new year until the next new year!!!! GO FOR IT!!
1/8, enough to have the complicated last name.
Deborach Cox will performs in Indianapolis - June 9th - Should be an awesome show!
Be thankful for what you have, you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you *don't* have, you'll never have enough.
Send Lawyers, Guns and Money...
I hope nobody is spying on my via my webcam today. If you are, admit it, my #chairdancing is awesome isn't it...
#il2009 Can we get a round up of notes, links, slides, presentations over on the wiki?
bono is involved? i hope they go bankrupt.
Can anybody give me the name of the AGD that was in the front of the right line?
Im up, still salty about last night, I thought going to sleep would help but I guess not SMH
Make her wish come true! RT : Really wish Starfruit in the Merch Mart had
either way, i'm almost positive i'm staying here!
I Believe U Did Splash On Whoeva Da Bitch Was OceanGanG Swag
Nw- The Vowel
Only took 8 minutes to get first Chromebook going - most of the time was upacking the box!
My dog just took a foot long dump. Have a nice day!
CBS football music sounds the same to me. Did they run a different version at the open?
Yes, it's a great show. I've been watching since I was 6. Start from Ep1 of the new series. Starts slow, but gets great.
... at least wasn't belting out "Waltzing Matilda" and demanding Burger King :)
When you were sitting next to me? If so, obviously not a narb
Marley documentary, required viewing.
well said #payforte and BEARDOWN .. watch out everyone
Wazzup tweet me
Back to HowardFine on Friday :)
Check out ProPresenter. I think it's the best presentation software around.
need to get out of this house
Let's go Pens! up 2-1 in the series, making Pittsburgh proud!
I'm in Houston until the morning. Next week?
y'all i might never leave the awesome staff, yummy bath products, tasty coffee+muffins in the lobby, NYT at my doorstep...
Off to vote. Have you made your voice heard yet? (And I'm not talking about that song you sang in the shower this morning!)
A wounded soldier needs our help www.webofsupport.com. Send birthday cards thanking him for his service and help cheer him up!
It's been a long time coming and I feel much better than I did yesterday. Contentment with God and His will.
sometimes, you have to fall to the ground to get a close enough look at the road to see that you are on the wrong path
Last day of #cildc, at the Data Curation Profiles Workshop by D. Scott Brandt
If you dont like someone, unfollow them. PROBLEM SOLVED
#booksandbars. MC Jeff says, "If you don't laugh, you're gonna cry, and if you don't carry on, you gonna die". (Thanks )
i need to go see that. hmm.
Is it possible for us to vote Chris Davis as pitcher for the All-Star Game????
love it!
just call before you come back incase i got company :)
we had a big basketball game today against other grades it was cool! Haha. And how are ya!
Full Lollapalooza fest lineup announced
Welcome to the first Monday in 2011. How will this year be different than last year for you?
haha, it's not gone forever. but i'll have to find out and i'll let you know this afternoon. but try calling around 4pm.
that's the thing, the players need to let opinions be known, but at some point, it seems more hissy fit than constructive.
Number 2?!! LA we need to clean it up a bit!
"I think it's my hair pomade...." "Midnight Symphony?!"
if you love Christian Beadles please follow for tweets&facts about Christian
Thomas can't wait to meet you Geo and Mikey in Chicago in August ! (:
AW U NEED A NURSE...LOL
Removing out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
i cant believe no one tuned. That was crazy bad.
love you too girl! Pool day soon 😘☀👙
Damn yall gon put all that on here lol put me out there lol
I rarely have issues with coverage, and their customer service is top notch. Even the lure of an iPhone won't make me leave.
Never underestimate the power of just walking around the office talking with people.
Nothing beats in stadiun RT : The best view--from the press box! RT : how are u watching #nfl games?
Stuart: "congress must unite and provide... comprehensive immigration reform that represents this nation"
Our Happy hour only has 1 hour left.. but fear not! It'll be back up at 9-10pm! A true power hour! $2 off apps and 1/2 off select drinks!
I MISS YOU LOVEBUGG.
Today I gave everyone in my school a handshake. c:
Awww boo. We are going to bdubs.
San Diego’s Leo Hamel Fine Jewelers Opens Jewelry Buying Office in El Cajon, CA
that's a city, nerd! So, who was it??
VW's new Jetta looks like a Ford Fusion. KIA will soon make a better looking car. VW sold their design department to make a buck!
Eatin out with the fam bam!!! On this raw Sunday I thank u god again for the day an help me to be more in ur image !!!!
A smile is a hug to another's heart... #BeKind :)
See you back soon. Baby Cake with pecans! ;)
no it aint, u work today
Happy #WoofWednesday It's (leg) hump day! Woof woof!
We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance.
let's kick it sat night
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
I think a movie with you as the hero against zombies and a robot race would totally fit into Michael Bay's category. Explosions!
I weighed in but didn't gain or lose weight.
Getting angry has really no point what so ever. It's just a waist of time.
Moms be like kayla what the hell are you fighting yourself in your sleep lol
Texas is taking all of our radio talent, first and now , feels like the #royals developing talent for AL East
hey beautiful we miss you so much :*
I will :) but not getting in my hair can't get wet lol
Still up.
why didn't you tag in it lol
It's official my first mistake is going to be called "The Normalcy Bias"
An ounce of performance is worth pounds of promises. --Mae West
It really has been a while, I been good, right now I'm Watching Spongebob lmao u no how we love our childhood shows
We do not need a tacked down thesis for the proposal correct?
suck my dick , ask someone else for bitchass chucks nigga -.-
Lost HU with 4:1 lead in devastating fashion
And we'll be showing the Packers game at 5pm in our bar area! Come join us on Sunday!
If you're in N Austin on Sunday, swing by Bittern Hollow for fabulous lemonade. The gals are participating in Lemonade Day.
not sure the address it's 's friends house. I'll keep you posted.
What a cutie!
Had a great conversation with 1 of the folks from www.commonrootscatering.com/ Excited to have 'em in the studio next week!
Does anyone have excited plans for the weekend?
I would. Being 1 of the GOAT isn`t just about the last few yrs. B/t their titles, winning streak & players, they`re there.
Summer songs on the radio <3 #Summer #country music
I think that is a great point. You don't always have to start at the top.
oh shit,well rehab that knee well my dude,&I wish you the best of luck bro keep on doing work! Remember go hard or go home!:)
RT : The Summer of Wisconsin continues! #THATCampLAC !
Mind blown from upcoming collection wall. And it works in unison with an iPad app Art Lens.
On a documentary binge anybody have suggestions for lesser seen great ones?
"You got some downdog on your face"- A yoga instructor who doesn't get jokes.
It's 45 degrees out here yet the tulips are blooming. I guess this must be
Got lectured by my parents today because I send almost 3000 texts per month.......the sad part is at least half of those are to twitter
RT Come on down we've got you covered!! : Craving steak from Ward's House of Prime
wow you ate a bowl...crunchy right?
seriously tho, 2nd row close to Max i know you all remember me, cmon.. no ?
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Enjoy $5 Espolon Tequila Margaritas today on our fiesta menu!
big show this weekend c'mon i need some hotties:)
Remember that twitter is very public - good to note that anyone can see what you say/share. Good use: posting about accting subjects.
$100 billion Facebook IPO. 900 million users. You're worth about $111 to Facebook.
gonna eat a big fat dish of beef chow mein.. i likee meetee his TAYALA
and then talk to me
No one likes to be judged. Some bcause the judgments are unfair. Others bcause they don't wnt to be responsible or held accountable.
Shop in Vegas.
A two on one fastbreak for the Bucks turns into a fast break for the Cavs. Gross.
"nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood"
PLEASE FOLLOW ME IM IN LOVE WITH AND I LOVE THE VIDEO YOU AN DID FOR AUSTIN'S COVER<3
Yup, and I'm also pretty guilty of link blasting. Too many twits on the go. Here's to a fresh start ;)
Have to skip #MadMen tonight to finish grading student projects. I hope they appreciate the sacrifice.
#minneapolis see y'all in a couple on the river, the power of the youth has no limit! Can't wait for the fireside chat!
If every student has a device, all can participate. This make collaboration easier.
Where do you shop? When do you shop? Why do you shop?
there was cake on the counter
no I didn't girl.. But I was gone do something with Lo text me now
okay :D
I should have more followers then four./: give me shoutouts!
Yep, January 28th is a Friday.
Where are our Los Angeles peeps at?!
Hope you feel better but gotta say I'm pumped to use your Mac at the office!
talk to me when you're not an egg. What? Do you got a bug on you or something?
I can't wait for believe!!! :D
I wonder if knows that 's Stomach Tied In Knots was 's official song of the day two days ago <3
Just So Art Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
oh yeah I haven't thought about looking at something funny guess I'll watch shottas or Martin lmaoo
Stickers are a tough call. Maybe $1-3?? Die cuts cost more but you don't want to nickel and dime people.
#ThingsThatBotherMe When you really want a sandwich, go to the kitchen and there is NO BREAD!
Im going back to da usual
Adele mineswell sit on stage.. Gotta love her
Why can't I remember why I need to work out once my butt is firmly planted in front of a computer?
"�SEO is a marketing function for sure, but it needs to be baked into a product, not slapped on like icing after the cake is baked"
I'm not getting my hopes up for anything. Not after what you' ve done to me.</3
I wish they'd do a "Hate Your Friends" tour, myself....
Does nothing to help housing market but cause homes to lose more value and increase foreclosure. Were does he find these advisers???
Oklahoma 7 Tyler's birthday party with just you and me
This the shit I hate
Homemade pizza and a bottle of vino to wrap up an awesome day of real estate!
Come on buddy.
Rap Game Gone Suck Without Em Only People I Listen 2 #Webbie #NickiMinaj & #Drake.#Damn #Gave Him All Them Years For Some Drugs Smuggling.
No, it's really happening. We can't have him pulling another Adele and catching on months too late.
Im just in love wit mindless behavior
Finishing up two #JBCreative projects today. Thanks to all the clients and partners who've helped with all of our projects this year!
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online Episodes
Almostwinning at a Casino pumps moreadrenaline in your bloodstream than actually walkin away with loadsofcash
Morning ... Thank Your Lord for Another Beautiful day in this Wonderful World! #iDoEveryMorning ")
Im not hiding. I'm busy. And the new name is muy bien (very good).
YUM! Thanks for celebrating Easter with us! Come back again soon!
Let's all take a moment and be thankful for the stupidity of the human race.
Repub crowd of hypocrites BOOED a gay *soldier serving in Iraq* who asked a Q about Don't-Ask-Don'tTell at the GOP debate.
That's quite the predicament.... If I come up with a solution one or more of these, I will keep you posted!
#ArentYouTiredOf people who still lie even though everyone know's they're lying.
Your Beautiful and hope we can hang soon:))
#20factsaboutme 5) The Sexy Pilgram song on youtube is my favoritest video in the world!
TSD Tactical Semi-Auto M9 Gas Blowback Airsoft Pistol Reviews gas magazine
Drinking a Samuel Smith's Nut Brown Ale and listening to Barack ramble. Can't wait til the next election
straight A's baby
Whine whine whine omg
A happy Monday and hello to our newest followers: - welcome aboard!
I feel bad for that dude “: RT :, Brittney Griner of #Baylor breaks wrist on shooting hand in long boarding mishap
I'll be tending bar 2nite so, if ur in need of a fine #craftcocktail, stop in!
A little compassion for Amare is in order right about now. The guy has had a really tough time personally due to tragedy.
you have terrible customer service and i can happily say i will never purchase anything from your company again.
You got that right.
Alright you've suckered me into watching America's Got Talent for the first time ever.
Glad to see that #HCG is getting easier daily for you! :) Keep trucking! RT Day 6: Down another lb! I'm loving this! It's getti..
Today is the best day. joined Twitter! Also, I'm making a friendship bracelet, and will probably have pancakes for dinner.
The only thing worse than having a song stuck in your head: you don't know all the words to that song.
Think I'm gonna take badu's advice and "don't wear no panties"
Marie Curie~ One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done.
With the iPad, haven't used the laptop in a long time. Find myself touching the laptop screen a lot.
Woke up with on my mind... Probably falling into a giant cup of coffee in my dream- Or being chased by pastry-
Don't drink and drive get high and fly
danny thomas was great.....he will be missed
Got offered a job... $25 an hour? Hm..
So stressed out, I could cry right now.
#traveltip always take your laptop on a road trip!
that's Wassupp , that fuck ass nigga did me dirty that day -.-
I'm just waiting for time to pass
really needs to adopt a university level curriculum with mathematics, science, and more. That'd be cool. Calculus FTW!
Fell asleep in the sun, awoke a whole different ethnicity.
esp with Steve Smith floating around,Osi's contract...
4 Kentucky team are now in the big dance!
Our new artists in residence arrive tomorrow from Northern Ireland! They will be spending the next few months in #AnacostiaDC!
The new single-intermediate format is making for great sprinting at this years #tdf Nice one
My new procrastinators billing rate now applies! Of course clients are coming out of the woodwork! Ah, that 10/15 deadline! Life as a CPA!
here for a few hours today, then Tomo
Check out www.rx2you.com we have now translated our site into Spanish. Click on the Espanol button for translation.
$1.75 Ground Beef or Chicken Fajita Tacos ALL DAY! Wash 'em down with $2 Bud & Bud Lt
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." -Dr. Seuss (The questions don't have to be complicated!)
some meaty research reference questions today! yay!
Someone call the ambulance
Getting ready to run the #superhero race. I hope I don't put an eye out with my Wolverine claws!
good move Dan. I like your dedication!
Time for warmer coats!!
you and your sister are so talented!! Keep dancing; you both are going to go far :) I hope I get to meet you one day!!
Happy Friday!!! Should of had you hear at the school.
For the record: I never sexted. I never transmitted an obscene image. I never received such an image. I deny everything. #Barry Manilow
this paper can suck it. I'd much rather be jammin to trey songz
Choreographing with
Are you an Independent Artist?
I hate this microphone button! I stay pressing it during class!!!
Life is short, better enjoy it while you got it and stop being ungrateful all the time.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Is it me or does it seem like Dallas plays every game at home???
RT RT @ Loft_Dallas Announcing South Side Music Hall, a new venue at Gilley's.Spread the word & win tix to music hall shows! http:/
thank you sweetie :-)
Why is everything spinning
watching Bad Teacher while I get ready for work.
Love my boy
tomorrow is opening day :):):)
A career is born in public, talent in privacy.”~ Marilyn Monroe
The failure of three corporate credit unions, and the government's plan to resolve them, won't be paid for by taxpayers
Good morning guys! Today's goal is to get to 3,000 followers. Lets see if we can do this!
: Thank you for sharing your Dad & the blessings of memories w all of us.
Illig: This is the first time we've built a campus from the ground up.
lord O.o well try and find out by tonight & let me know.
You have the ability to decide when you'd like to publish your content on #Schoology. Makes it easier to prepare for the year :)
work on your being nice skills!
had a BLAST!!! It was great to meet up and enjoy the weather
Between hiding behind the couch and nearly exploding, her inner goddess gets a decent workout.
Can't wait to see the next episode!
Craziness in the NFL today!
Watch for our Saki Thursdays. Starting soon!
2 stupid challenges by Marvin Lewis in the first half.
Hey Mario! Is the cheat meal a meal or a cheat day??? If a cheat day turns this into that. I'm game.
Just keep smiling & maybe they'll think you're actually happy (:
Oh, I agree with you full force! I was being sarcastic. They're propagating hate under the guise of religion.
If "Battleship" doesn't end w/ Rihanna distracting the alien robots w/ a sexy dance so Tim Riggins can save us, it's a missed opportunity.
Nice I will live the experience through you.
Monday. Shaw in - Stalberg out!
Way to go RVP. Wonderful move. Great goal.
I actually want to sing turn to you to my mom for mothers day but....well she's not a single mom, so the lyrics kinda dont fit.
It's cool
Weisner: Challenging to work transnationally when institutional constraints are present.
We recommend checking out jcheck out Shadow Left on Facebook and reverbnation
It's getting hot and these hoes crossing fire.
Yeah, birthday cakes don't age well.
how bout them #giants !!! they came to play tonight...49 24.....smh
have u check our myspace.com/kingdomsoundentertainment
the first ten minutes of #greysanatomy just made me cringe thank god I am not going into the medical field I would die and past out
About to try my first
don't like it. Suck it. Block me. Don't care. Just same old crap in media circles to see children move in easy.
What if we all practiced listening more and talking less?
I truly wanted to be there - but I have another engagement - don't 4get 2 tweet during the show - have a good one!
my day is already bad :(
at your cross I lay my burden, At your feet where your love covers. All I've done now I walk with you lord
SO GOOD <3 AND U??
We're following more people today, follow us back and tweet with us.
I know.. It sucks. But I'm happy for him
lol u prolly want to smoke it huh lol
“Success each day should be judged by the seeds sown, not the harvest reaped.” — John C. Maxwell
wanna share?
next event is next Wed at Dini. Ck out our fb and blog for info can't wait to meet ya
I feel bad.
author J.L. Powers #fridayreads : I am reading The Year of the Sawdust Man by A. LaFaye.
Just heard a cute Joplin rag on WPR. Googled it & the first hit was "Perfessor" Bill Edwards' site. Shouldn't be surprised, right ?
Let the next 7 weeks pass by like the wind... I need summer!
So it looks like I'm moving to San Francisco in the fall. Any tips?
"A teacher is a compass that activates the magnets of curiosity, knowledge, and wisdom in the pupils." -Ever Garrison
Gotta have Alligator Baby Back Ribs! #5280 week, Round 4! Early dinner tonight at whatcha cooking?
that's going to be some funny shit.
The Comedy Awards. So far so good. Louie is getting his dues for his comedic mind tonight.
oh that's a lot. What's the book about?
Thanks for a fun interview today for & - you ROCK!!
What mistakes? I'm working on getting into the publishing realm soon.
It's cruel and unfulfilling work.
That's disheartening.
