I can't wait until we move so that I can decorate Rosebud's room but until August, move over !!
Happy hump day ;) I am glad to announce I finally found a dress for #jumpbackball AND it is a BCBG $388 dollars for 52 bones!
The best and fastest way to learn a sport is to watch and imitate a champion. -Jean-Claude Kelly
thanks for shoutout!
Being a 7-11 expert. They have had them for awhile. But they don't really freeze well. It is a tragedy beyond anything - EVER
Only 2 finals left!! :)
RT : #ShamrockTheSquare #BkSq SAT 1-4p. Music, dancing, kid's crafts, photo booth, cold brews, marketplace & MORE $5!
"Times" revamp: "focus groups hadn't noticed any changes. when we pointed them out they hated them"
Working out shouldn't be an inconvenience to your busy life- anytime you'd with Anytime Fitness. And another great way to support
How awesome would it be to grab that double eagle ball? You couldn't pry that out of my hands if you tried.
and BEST OF LUCK!!! :) Much Love and Aloha!!! islandgirlxo :)
Levon Helm in Central Park tonight! I love New York!
Finished my character analysis!
Dieter Rams?
98% sure my neighbor just took a video of me jumping rope in the pouring rain. So, there's that.
what night?!
Seeing my girl go back to Texas nd not knowing wen ill see her again..
": Anybody wanna come over & get drunk this weekend? I have this house to myself :)" me me me me lol
I count 5 Star Trek alums who've been in Castle episodes.
I want some superman undies
When you fly in an airplane, your hair grow 2 times faster.
Happy Friday!
: is an incredible story. Where he is today because of high character and great work ethic.
goals for today: laundry, P90x, yelp reviews, kick ass.
Watching #RV in government!
Fourth quarter found me hoping we could keep the damage at 20. Good work, guys. That's why I love ya!
I never had any server issues with Ubercart SSL. If anything, I did with Secure Pages.
You think y'all kickin?? Well boi we puntin, young money man we the shit.. weak stomachs. Hahaa
My husband's incessant faux accent is considerably worsening the experience. He "quite likes" everything.
Should have known this would happen...J. McGee leave s Wiz & starts posting All Star performances in the playoffs.
I need a GIF of the Calipari fairy leap PRONTO!!!
yes i saw u walk into Roux come in
no it's okay, haha mine does that like automatically.. I can't fix it it's really annoying, it's cool!:)
hes just his body guard. they're not related or anything
she made me SAD
Amazing job guys that was awesome!!
Have a Great Weekend!
This is a lot better than where we were on New Years Eve. Go BBN!
“: I tried caviar tonight and I liked it!” Man caviar?
Hey wino's, I have another twitter account Follow me and we'll drink and talk good food!
DD...do u have Mrs Havercamp available? If not I'll take whatever u can give me?
As long as you believe in God you'll never really be alone.
I'm sure you've been getting this a lot lately but you should seriously be up for an Academy Award for The Avengers.
Just left #vivalacottage in #sisterbay #wisconsin--what a gem! Interesting #merchandising and display. Funky WI #vintage!
I really dislike colds. Seriously...
favorite sorority at UT?
sorry for delay, fell off the face of the planet for a while. Will try to dig something for you
Former Obama Supporter: I'm Being Called a Nazi for Disagreeing With Obama
Saw your hot self yesterday. Looking great sistah
my underwear!!!
I love Twitter & Tumblr they are the only 2 places I feel I can truly be myself on & I'm so glad I have them & wonderful friends I've made.
GIS layers as overhead transparency sheets - good analogy!
WHOA! #RIT hockey fans got their monies worth tonight! GO #TIGERS!
With Manning seemingly not going to the Dolphins the best QB debate in the AFC East rages on. Moore, Sanchez, Fitz or Brady? Sanchez it is.
You're soo welcome, sweetie! (: ♥
Can we watch? Do they lay eggs? RT : about 60 days :)
why is it ok for 2 criticize lebron for being horrible all game, but not tebow
Mom: The gravy was alays to thick or to thin. Lil bro: so it was to fat or to skinny?
It always amazes me that you can tell a recent rendering of the Mily Way galaxy from an old one by whether it has a barred spiral or not....
I always found 'slow and steady' to be the best method for darkroom work. Otherwise it becomes WORK. :) GL on the project
Attention: If you been out of town this weekend and you back home safe! FollowBack: let me no 1st u home than tell me how it was! I'm SAYN!
The claim that "any GOP POTUS will sign a repeal" is nonsense. Repeal will need HUGH push from a strong leader.": Don't elect this guy
And by "use data," I mean read--more of a problem than anticipated, even with my patrons here
Just left #WetSeal & suddenly feel very old.
You cant be yourself if you don't know who you are
ok again too-familiar anxiety of being a woman alone in the world with a child (a girl) to care for
We have a tentative 9/15/2012 date for our "I Can Make a Difference!" 5K walk honoring organ, tissue and cornea donors and donor families.
Super cool and yes very good news! Great account!
Happy !!! Stop by and see me and the Mrs. at ! [#ilm]
catching up on #googlereader, updating portfolio, and then watching Once with
it's silly to spend just one day showering your mom with love & gifts.. it should be an every day thing. Love you <3
This is fucked up. Why can't life just be simple.
When it rains it pours. Tough one to give away but credit to Chicago for forcing bad decisions and capitalizing on mistakes.
is khiems a restaurant here in Cleveland? I'm not aware of any Vietnamese restaurant besides superior pho
should have realized that it was only 5 words! oops.
Three dance rehearsals in one week. Ballet tonight, ballroom on Wednesday and contact improv on Thursday!
i fire the dealer for not counting down the deck
spring break is not a break to me.
.: "That's not speculative history, that's speculative AWESOME!"
Hahahaha, nice analogy!
oh happy day!
waiting on that tape.
no power in WL
GET HIP! Jk haha I even know about him. Like since last year lol
This sentence from Caswell scratches 1 hypothesis off my list: "Elasticities have their place, but it is not in evolutionary calculations."
We'll be at Pickles Pub Friday before the Operation Orange game!
cut the fraud
I saw it earlier. Kicked so much ass
She ask me whats type of chick and I told her Cali Texas & Immigrants!
yea yur right thats why he totaly replys when the other 50million girls tweet him but u know him better you knw:) take care x
Just got our first customer of the day. Shit's getting real
All the usual candidates. If you want cross-platform, source code, 2D, fast iteration, the field narrows quickly.
How was I not following you from this account already? Multiple personalities confuses me so.
That's all Ima do.
Success is the the best way to get revenge on one's enemies.
Do some sweet shit just so you can turn around and say "Fuck you bitch."
We hear the winds are coming tonight!
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Thinkin like a man right now...
I got to see you, so obviously it was a great time!
- Yes, completely sold out!
I know they aren't the greatest. But I try.
I'm curious about the speakers in yours, same as Orange? Vintage 30s?
great to meet you. Let's stay in touch.
Beer tasting party last night. Windy City Rollers bout tonight. Brewery party at tomorrow. Carpe fucking diem.
blessed love family!
: I just wanted to let you know, that i loved watching you in Joan of Arcadia, and was bummed when it was cancelled.
still haven't started homework
growth hackers - a cross between marketing and coding (via ) - reminds me of the guys and :)
So can we start saying "may the fourth be with you" rather than saying "live the fourth"? Ik it isn't may 4th all the time but it's cooler.
I always hear good things about ABBYY, and I believe they have a light Mac version for about $50
Please take a look at this is a wonderful non-profit organization that helps disadvantaged children and young people with physical...
this is so confusing omg. Some update twitters say we don't need a code for VIP packages, some do skdlfjas/
Tonight: Black History Month Film Festival kicks off with "The Interrupters" at 6:30pm. Tix $5
need to invest in an hd tv asap
Most free Black family members in VA bought their family members so they could stay and live as free people. They took care of their own.
ha well thats clints and janets stash, I only got the cheez-its
Just overusing "bitch"/"bitches" all day every day. Lol
please come rescue me from your mutinous lunatics #secertsvc #fbi #pdx OREGON
I am loving the reminiscing from when he first met I want a group hug!
when she said How you do wiiiinn?
Stop talking shit. It's none of your business and he can say whatever he wants whether he's lying or not.
delivery starts in June!
Julie's working on it. But it's going slower than we would have liked!
Getting ready to go to the Dentist =( everytime I go its nothing but bad news and very painful.
lmao, you're gross.
Join us for specials on drinks and food for Thanksgiving Eve!
Tuesday June 5th is the date in which my body will be marked for the rest if my life... FINALLY!!
Do any of you collect old systems or games to add to your collection? What is your favorite arcade game?
Logan was pretty sexy on that special on Saturday ;)
I'd watch that. RT : Charlie sheen and I should have our own show called crazy men
That could be cool!
Just finished synth part to "the promise"...stay tuned for NEW MUSIC!
Can't wait! RT Great job this morning....we are pumped to run in it in 3 weeks!
Ain't understand Nothing Tony Parker Just Said lol
oh yea! Thanks (again)
hey darkness : ) I hate you
want to ride with , Suzy and I ?
How Do you die cut that? Why is the diecut part not ejecting? Get answers to your questions www.mydiecuttingblog.com
Today I was having fun in lake and didn't care about how I look till my I saw my crush and his firend .well fun is over get out of water
Sean! He got bit by a stray cat. Lol
Enjoyed analogy from during sitdown interview with Jackie Mac: Celtics as tortoise to Heat's hare.
Salty pudding.
The #altac version: RT : Back alley DH: helping people w/o making commitments ... that interfere with [the job that pays bills]
Help me get to 1,000 followers!!!!
hey, how has your day been so far? x
#5bestsmells bacon! :D
One interesting thing about digarchives today, for me, is the transitional nature of the tech. Will it be so in 20yrs? 50?
Slow down -j12
I live in Chi-town and if it wasn't for twitter wouldn't know about Humber. Hate when CWS get the FOX game. Rather watch anyone else.
update me on the football please, i haven't watched it whatsoever
Tonight I'm spinning apartment lounge in lincoln park! Come on up and let's get craaaaaazay!
#tie11 who am I?
It's a POLICY question. Looking at it through the Obama lens apparently has a lot of baggage for you :-)
FDA has issued a new strategic plan for food and nutrition, to include new initiatives on food labeling and public health...
The band is taking a spin in the NEW VAN!!! Papa Don is in the drivers seat...yikes! J/K!
Izzy(my iPod) just attacked my freakin' face.!! #Traitor!!!!!!
#tsparmy rock is in the house tonight errbodyyy just have a good time
Ha! Some people actually have some pretty creepy costumes for that festival -- always wanted to go.
Just completed the #VCE #Vblock architecture course in DC. Great class, lots of info, glad it coincided with the #vsphere5 announcement.
- Then follow me...please! :)
Sun is out but I'm staying home
Readjusting my productivity estimate downwards today because Google mail is so slow.
Cheers! I have heard things about Unwind. Please tweet out a pick of the joint. Do the carry #vawine?
So over this weather
Can't wait to watch the voice tonight and cheer on local talent#replocaltalent#jamesmassone good luck!!!
Yum William Levy
Basically standing the whole game bc sitting for 3 hrs of rain delay= my butt hurts.
Get your marble floors ready for the upcoming holidays, 10% off coupons online.
Why did I come back to kc??
Happy birthday MSR
Don't make me send you more pics of her smiling cause you know I'd be happy to look!
not for me. Family hasn't complained either.
Proverbs 17:16 Of what use is money in the hand of a fool, since he has no desire to get wisdom?
If you are a bear, you like what is happening, although I know that it is very damaging and harmful in a lot of ways. It still is needed.
Thanks Richard for visiting our booth!
that's right!
May 2012 be the best year ever filled with lots and lots of blessings for all my Twitter followers!
The song I hate is playin on my two favorite radio stations.
Peace has three dimensions. Peace within ourselves, peace among nations and peace with nature. -- Dada J.P. Vaswani
"Time always creates and destroys in equal measure, erasing the past as it sketches in the present." (Hirshhorn's Glenn Dixon)
No one should be afraid of making mistakes, as long as they learn from them.
Just killed it! I love him! <3
Anonymous released a video today stating that the hactivist group is planning to attack
Been watching movies all day and still bored.
#YouDontKnowFear until you tilt a little bit too far back in your chair
#occupyburque is still going, just not 24/7. There's a march tomorrow from Yale Park to Civic Plaza starting at 11 a.m.
But happy mothers day.....this day is for the real mothers
Yet, you're not at work. Please bring Starbucks:)
LOVING this weather!! I foresee yard work and grilling out in my near future...
Yeah so whtz up?:)
Let us know what hints you pick up from the session! E-readers are kinda cool. :)
Thank you to for providing and students scholarships to attend the Feminism in LIS Unconference.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert Schuller
Personally introduced Hello Nasty to Taos, NM in 1998 (at weekly dance party at a restaurant in outskirts of town - peeps where like Wha?!)
Still officially winter but this weather has Milwaukee in a very good mood today! Patios full of outside diners in the !
If you could create a new museum on ANY topic- what would you pick?
What's Floyd doing?
Wearing my margarita pants for a little bit
Age 3:: *boy kisses girl* Parents: Awwh that's so cute Age 16: *boy kisses girl* Dad: Get the hell away from my daughter. *loads gun*
Not at all. Like Most WP geeks, you normally have your eyes glued to the screen in January. :-)
"All CGI's on Me"
Ah.... I wonder how different Premiere 6 is
dang, that's crazy. I guess that explains everyone's statuses. Lol I guess that's karma for ya.
A quick phone chat with my dad always makes my day a little brighter #happy He's such a pirate
M! You go, girl! RT : Treating myself to an 80 minute decadent foot massage! So needed!
you already know bro! for the support..
he keeps going on my iPad and when I get it back the history's gone, dirty shit-.- and I have a password.. Knob head
it was a damn good summer
Tyrone outlaw 26 and 6 in the big win for garner road 16s. Over dreamvision
Yes, I know Korean. No, that does not mean I like Anime. That's not even the same LANGUAGE!
You've got to hear Mark Andrew Cleveland's aria in "Christ lag"...
how can i give love when love is something i've never had?
exactly how innovative do you feel right now?
Unattended PocketWizard spotted. Tempting.
Never had the displeasure of dealing until now. You have no humans to talk to to unlock an account? Seriously?
Can't wait for GCB!! Have had the DVR set for weeks :)
Thanks for the support Sarah! <3
bahahaha our flag football team would honestly have no competition - we need a cool intimidating name tho lmao
Man this game is freaking dope
Duran Duran was at Stubbs. Where was I? Anybody got feedback on the show?
Were is my bby at?
Ok so you just tweeted my little sister!!! I'm so jealous!!!!
back on the grind, i cant believe its already april :o
He likes you put that
paper that has seeds in it and can be planted!
OR BLOCK WHAT THE HELL!!
A gfs job is to keep her boy on the right track,hold him down,have his back thru good times&bad,&to be his rock[agree to disagree]
just don't think Skip will invite him back much if at all. Won't get fired though.
ok, say to me... Do u like my photo?
someone asked today what game i was playing on game boy. nope. thats just my phone.
No sound?
it's true! Brought back fond CHiPs memories. I don't even know who Zuil Bailey is.
Omg smdh is all I can do right now
We keep getting these stupid Direct Messages- DO NOT CLICK ON THEM! THEY ARE ALL A SCAM, A VIRUS. Thanks, Meghan
thanks for the follow.....congratulations on your 1st single.....
awe thanks!!
Mike shanahan takes over for the skins, should be interesting!
This mom on the swiffer jet commercial >>>> can't remember her damn neighbor's name
Have a good day!
thanks! That means alot to us! =)
your welcome :D
Mary Burke & Nichelle Nichols are the best School Board candidates to address this issue.
Song of the day: Bruce Dickinson - Back From The Edge
HAPPT BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL!! hope you're having an amazing birthday :) Have a great day!!
That's awesome!! RT : I just want to RT all of tweets but I'll just direct all to the TL”
Sorry Mike! We are still without power at that location and will be closed tomorrow as well.
when people ignore my texts. Meh :(
"I wanna buy a Reese's truck... Chocolate and peanut butter cups? You crazy..but let's do it..." Real lyrics from this open mic.. True story
I think Tampa did this quite a while ago.
#Tebowisgarbage #nakedtebowing is the best thing to ever happen from all this!
RT : students can major in entrepreneurship but ANY majors should try to be as entrepreneurial as possible.
Fantastic Speakers/networking at GI Film Boot Camp. A must attend event. Canadian Embassy is excellent venue/host.
All I have to say is World Champions Bitches!!!!!!!
“: Number 17 like Jeremy Lin, get up in your girl like a plug in ” Fuck yess!!!!
same difference haha
Good morning every one bout to start the am off wit a good work out and cardio y'all have a blessed one
Thanks, I didn't try it yet but really promising, it seems that the trial lacks a lot of functionality and is a bit crashy
Mitchell Schwartz? Smh
i love hanging out with other bloggers! had a great time with !
they totally redeem themselves with Michionne and season 3 in the jail is going to be nuts if it's anything like the comic
Susan Davis '79 will be signing her new book "Saidie May" this Sunday @ the BMA from 1:00 - 3:00PM. Book is about the collector/art patron
Yay! Prepping for a shoot with Shane Maritch photography. Love it!
Do you make house calls my love, ? I straightened my hair, so I figured sometime this week would ideal to put the color in.
my statement yesterday was more about the relationship. I think this will change the mood of the AA discussion of Obama.
just tied the #NLL all-time single-season points record with 115. 1 away from a new mark!!!
haters gonna hate.
Stuck in my head I can paint a picture
Meeting with the jungle crew
haha thank you! My handle is from the first anime I ever saw, "All Purpose Cultural Cat Girl Nuku Nuku!" Changed my life :)
": When girls curse #TurnOff" Who the fuck caress ;)
What! Wow. Brings me back. And Sail Loft... #memories. Ive been there a few times lately. Always makes for a rough morning ;)
It's one thing to work hard and fight, its another to have heart
I saw WITNESS on the big screen...does that count? RT : RT if you're Amish
since when is "Stuff yourself" an insult. You must be foreign or something
Stoked for le weekend! Anyone got any killer plans?
I make you do it way too much it might happen
Glogster Edu just donated a door prize for my next training!! Thank you!!
Go look at my pics n my new hair
You can mention me defending TDK with our conversation via text. ;)
Women But That's When Get On Top Of Them Fa'Shooooooooooooo
okay, it's down to #idol, nail biting time. , YOU are what I look forward to! lets get er done. :)
You bet, Larry!
It's so weird when someone likes something of yours on facebook and you have never talked to the person face to face.
alright. Imma head over there to get my stuff after I take a shower.
no problem:)
TONIGHT BROADWAY IS GONNA BE GOOD !!!! LOTS OF PARTIES AND PLENTY OF PARTY PEEPS THAT LIKE GETTING CRAZY ON SUNDAYS !!!
Arye and Jacob day!!!
Scary-Looking-Cloud club ;)
yes, i broke down and got on instagram. no, there are no photos yet. yet. chrissturm
RT : More ‘hybrid’ academic and policy researchers are needed to communicate with political & academic spheres...
RT : A champion is someone who gets up when he can't - Tim Marks
Vampires. Tonight. 6 to 9. Come have some red wine. If there's time we're going to watch the Spanish version of the 1931 Dracula movie.
practice archery lol
3 days!!!!!! I'm so excited rt if you are too!
You WON'T ... want to miss it.
Just saw #Warrior early screening. Hits dramatic notes pretty hard & lays on the cheese, but damn if it isn't 1 of my faves of year so far.
Welcome to my world...Snow Days =
sorry, I'll check it in a minute! and did the grizzlies win against the Clippers yesterday?
Thank you, I am constantly striving to do my best :)
Gracias to all yall who came out to the Red Poppy Art House to support La Gente! Good times in the Mish. 1-LOVE
A lot of woman like to talk and I like to let em
If you see me lurking nearby when this happens, I'm totally not eavesdropping...
Thank you to all that attended 's monthly Coffee with the Corps. Great group and discussion around our service in Milwaukee.
Good morning Chicago! $16 bottomless mimosas; hurry before yesterday catches up to you
Congrats, you're the first person in the history of the world to say that. Just 999,999 short of a fan base.
from an artistic stand point, yes, from a career standpoint, I'd do what makes the most money consistantly, and tbh...
And the scoreless streak comes to an end.
nah scratch rack 2. I'm going rack 3 .... 16's....for a 20 count.
still have the infection :x :(
I love 's new song!!!(: it's amazing!
When people don't text back but will reply to you on Facebook < just like just stop doing that already...LOL
Officially done with Christmas shopping!
Happy birthday !!!
This ' mafia game has everyone on edge. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
we welcome you to Portland! Its not raining, lucky you. Excited for tonights performance?
So there are these really weird bugs that won't leave me alone. I just killed like a thousand tho.
Well ima try to go to sleep now
done and done.
I woke up this morning curious about a few things...more specifically, what is Justin Bieber going to look like as a man?
Just finished listening to the interview. Thanks for the tips.
Christina's hair and makeup on
"JP Morgan: Do they even know how they lost $2 billion?" #yahoonews Not unless it comes out of Dimon's bonus.
USA rugby tomorrow vs Ireland on NBC.
I really Wish she would Notice Me.
happy belated homie
UGH MY IPOD LOCK BUTTON IS JAMMED
1person creating fake profiles to unfairly slam an organization--what 2 do besides report those profiles?
Only a lefty like could possibly find this entertaining. Careful Howie - your bias is showing.
i had a long day, my whole body is tired. but i cant wait to talk to him:) makes my day 10x better
Gorgeous day in South Beach.
straight killing it
3 generations at
imma kill the 1st 2012 Oddfuture fan that yells swag, swear to god
thanks mike
Would either of you be offended if I call you eye candy?
We have done similar stock (super textured), but not seed paper. We would be happy to test a sample for you.
Dude, the A/C feels great in here...
Boy, that Neal Stephenson sure do write him some mighty big books.
Thanks for running the #HoleInTheDesert news! (oh but it's Monroe not Munroe ;))
hey now, dont be mean to riley. he's a pretty cool guy..
That is awesome!!
Why is there not a single phone and/or internet service provider in this country that FUNCTIONS CORRECTLY? Unbelievable.
you guys made Giant fans proud this year.
No kidding they do, doesn't give Hamels the right to induct Harper into MLB...bush league garbage, set a precedent!
Samsung set to unveil iPhone challenger
Hey fans don't forget Thursday Feb 9th 7pm pst Cimorelli Will be LIVE!!!!!!!
Huh, interesting. Mine was there right when they announced it.
think I know what I'm getting dennis for valentine's day!
I think my iPod has finally croaked. I'm heart broken. That thing was my baby.
Drake- Club Paradise
i'm not okay..
This graduation rehearsal <<<<
So we're leading the mobile payment revolution now, what will we pay with in 50 years? Our fingers/DNA? Our minds?
have you ever had nutella with strawberries? rofl
How is the show (Boss) going? I think you all were shooting by my school off of 47th and Lake Park.
I'm full!
Its Always The Unexpected : 0
That lady from the #AFT congratulated the president on his "bold action" on marriage equality. He spoke words. He didn't do anything.
I always say things that I don't really mean when I'm angry but to be honest people just worsen it.
Pope Benedict XVI has decided the collection taken up @ his HolyThursday evening Mass wil b used 2 offer humanitarian aid 2 Syrian refugees.
Two minutes in and she's ripping Santorum.
call me cuh
I thought you thought I was serious! D; It's about like abusive relationships or something.
RT : #Phorum12 bob moul blue jeans are ok at phorum 12--ok bit more fog mixed w/ nice weather
We are excited to start writing another script for DIY's Desperate Landscapes.
My NSYNC pandora station got the best of me at the gym today. Caught myself bustin a move in the mirror like I was at home.
haha:') sounds fun! still in bed, I cba getting up :P xoxoxo
sounds fun
This is the second week of Academic Parent Teacher Team meetings! Third grade is today!
how is that spot? Been meaning to go there
Hey #revs fans, where can a guy find the #SportingKC game on TV in the Boston area tonight?
": Please, girl, stay 'til the early mornin'. we can have some coffee.<3" You can do my laundry. Please,girl,stay(:
George Burns Youve got to be honest. if you can fake that, youve got it made.
#ireallywant my stuff on HBO!! lol
Celebrity Mario Lopez celebrates Cinco de Mayo at Restaurant Eve in
Well hello , looks like an early Spring Awakening for you as well!
We share a common interest in motels/hotels... Yet she thinks that there is something more... Smh
Blackhawk helo just flew over my neighborhood. Cool
The decision to terminate a pregnancy is a private matter that should only involve a woman & her family, religious convictions & physician.
And fucked Evelyn. He's been with two of those harpies. He obviously needs help.
i hope i get at least 200 dollars for graduation.. cos i need to fix my phone!
omg! stacy! did you yell at him?! thatd be so awkward!
Get it together
I will always have this impossible little hope that you'll suddenly wake up one day and realize that were meant to be together
I just noticed Utah's shorts have a tramp stamp. Lol.
after taking your suggestion into consideration, i have decided not to use your idea
And now I just need to make this work on my mac --can u pls try it and see if it works for u? when I hit Run it crashed
charles? Haha. Your official?
RT 100 Days until the 96th Running of the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race. Boy that seems like a long time.
Remember, the root of ignorance is "ignore"
Great weekend of crawfish broiling, dog sitting, cinco de mayo-ing, food tasting, suntanning, sombrero-ing,& cat torturing w/
hey, hows your day going? mine has been awful. im trying to convince my mom to home school me because im being bullied
This is the most we've ever fought. This is not okay.
The weather is freakin crazy.
Guess I should learn how to use RSS so I'm not making the rounds of my favorite sites to see if there are any updates.
Both teams are very much in the tourney. GTown will get the better seed, but Cincy is the better team...Ironic I know.
“: Congrats to the man for finishing his first ever half marathon. #ProudSon”
Rise& grind:)
I wish women would put the toilet seat back up after they're done using it.
Started my birthday off right at midnight with a garbage plate. Think I'll keep the goodness going and finish it off for breakfast. Good day
that it only has a head? lol
I heard! Excited? Lol weekend was good, worked and hung out with a friend. Your weekend?
“: Time for workout #1...#TeamFitness up and rolling...” all day every day
70% of tweets originate outside of US, 50% are in languages other than English says
Let's go, Dolis. 3 outs.
Definitely. When you arrive & where are you staying?
I might go to Chiki&Pete's tonight with my cousin.....
what's wrong?
I only like green faces!
My manager got me up here ctfu I'm glad he don't be getting mad at me when I do stuff wrong.
Damn it, Paulina!!!!!
is legit my best friend. She's cheered me up literally every time I've been depressed. Thank you. :D
during the rollicking weddin' festivities last night I brutalized my toe & now it's purply & I'm limping. The trials of a dancing machine.
nisha j just leave !!
This bitches mouth Is to small to take a shot
Felt like someone needs this today~ "...do not fear, for I am with you...I will strengthen you and help you..." Is. 41:10 Help is here:)
watching 8 mile :)
#Browns won 6-3...not pretty but we will take it! Offense has to get better!
that's good what u doin the rest of the night
EVERYONE WEAR YOUR HOODIES TO SCHOOL ON MONDAY TO SUPPORT TREYVON MARTIN RT
Who is out and about in Chicago right now? Especially if u r close to the north side. I'm out and need a partner to get drunky!
u was?
I freaking love you you are such a goddess!! <3<3<3<3
ok so that means u want to go in for me tonight right??
Dear Santa, I need a month off to watch a crapload of ken burns documentaries. Amen.
Weekend promotion: type in "RECYCLE" at checkout and receive 50% off your online order. Offer expires at midnight.
THIS.. Agreed RT : the grey uniforms are nice, but the blue looks more carolina blue than #duke blue.
thx for that I'm sending the email now
Grateful Dead and Phish archivists at
Happy Birthday to the inimitable !
Catch up Friday. And if all else fails I have my trusty iPod and iPad to keep busy. Ha!
did u use to have a gf before abdc
what's happening today everyone? hope you are out enjoying the sun if you have it - great day for #football! #ilovefall!
we don't take breaks/we break sweat
Just remembered I have a Dunkin Donuts gift card...outlook for today just improved!
All the time. Two Cali trips back to back in April and May.
why can't every one just speak one language then I wouldn't have to listen to Mr Carey speak
Wow 32 new tweets.
also, glad I'm not the only one. I love that you get my NPR references. You are more of a junkie than I.
Thank you! We're working on it :)
I feel kinda creepy reading the tweets of someone I use 2 follow but dont any more. Feel like a stalker or peeping tom.
Maybe it's because I treat my digestive system like a garbage disposal, but it's impossible to get my order entirely wrong: it's still food.
Valverde better end this in10 pitches. Don't eff up my ERA/WHIP!
Occasionally I wake up and I'm lucky enough to get a glimpse of the grand picture. Absolutely fucking stunning and gay to report on twitter.
- I went to the United Nations and witnessed the star studded show there. It was history making and amazing.
I did it while waiting 4 water 2 boil this morn so really no labor lost if it gets scratched. Honestly is what counts.
In Music Meeting- Nickelback “This Afternoon” I wish them very well, but no thanks
thank you! The website is still under construction so it's only going to get better! Keep checking it out!
it isn't! He just tweeted that it wasn't!
I thought I tweeted abt it sometime in November when I got it. Almost held out, but glad I didn't. Maybe you tabula rasa'ed it.
He must hate money
It's just small talk with clever people, but when you spend five minutes on phrasing then decide to say nothing, no one notices.
I've tried it. You get low-balled.
Kudos for picking Nelson Oliviera. You're a moron for picking Martins and Quaresma. Wish you had the balls to leave off Pepe and Bruto Alves
Things change. People change. Feelings change. It's a good thing that memories never do.
Q4 Not volunteer work, but being part of Toastmasters has been invaluable for public speaking, evaluating, and listening skills.
thanks! congrats on getting your city to the top of the list. I love Montreal and can't wait to see the Livehoods map!
Nice to meet you. I know you must be enjoying the SoCal area now.
Sounds fun RT : Excellent meeting w.folks from UC Santa Cruz Grateful Dead Archive re. awesome work they're doing w/
rub it in why don't you! :)
Timers Win!!! 3 to 1 over Phil Union
3 miles just doesn't seem enough today
Anyone need me on a track send ya beat or unfinished jam to #lets make a hit
we were on the Leverage set last year-you have great/fun energy! Now, you are fabulous on SHARK! you go girl!
A+ first Tweet. #goblackhawks!
Take God at His Word!
Someone needs to fire that idiot with the bow tie. What a fucking embarrassment.
Morning to all! Check us at www.joborworker.com for more job opportunities!
Pet deaths suck. I am sorry for your loss.
Oh My God... I honestly believe we should have a right to sue bad hairdressers for their jobs..at least at the small claim court
I like getting the news but much is depressing! Note to self to not view right before bed!
Getting my munch on! Then its back to business.
Road trip! To Fresno with #rocksteadyministries. Bumpin "It's gonna be hard to shut us down!!"
Can't wait for 2011! Sending my album off to be mixed now.
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District, Multi-Site, Territory, Area or Regional Manager position . Call me, Email me or Please se…
Nice! Y'all played the joint on FM radio??? Thank YOU!
“I can heal the whole world by working with one human being, and that is me.” - Byron Katie.
Maybe Heathcliff is going overboard ...
you haven't drawn me anything on draw something :(
good job on the initiation. Welcome Max!!
need your airports addy... :p
A week into the new year and I'm still writing Dick Clark on my checks.
not really. Why?
After school getting a hair cut :D
So pj sandwiches,I been working outside most of the day. Dinner,ice cold peppermint tea,a cool shower thenidol time.
damn i need a job!
Yay Sister! My sister is going to be happy that i joined twitter, #no longer a tweet virgin!!
Barca or Madrid?
RT : We're coming to Charlotte and Durham, NC and need suggestions on local partners to help spread the word, if you can help...
I'm so behind on my TV shows
dude ima tired lol im starting to talk like Mandy:(haha this sucks jk i luff her evan though she is a big butthead!!!!>:I
What happened to our beautiful 80 degree weather??!!
hey you
All planes grounded at DFW. Tornado Emergency includes the airport.
Notes on a scorecard: Why Pop’s record is a big deal, even if he disagrees
Time to catch up on my wwe.
What do you mean?
Thanks to all the students and faculty at who participated in our diversity workshop today!
How does have only 6,000 followers?? They are amazing!
Marlins eliminated SF in '97 postseason, eliminated SF in '03 postseason, now SF has lost 2 critical players during FL's last 2 visits to SF
here for the interactive conference.
"I've got some news for you / Fembots have feelings too" I should have this song on a very loud constant loop in my car.
did you submit someone?
I'm aware!
LOL We'll try REALLY hard ;)
oh snap. I completely forgot you were on that shoot. Let's hook up soon before I get too busy.
I GOT LIMITED EDITION RED BEATS!!!!!! Just now
haha me and my friends are cooking and having taste compitiion
Saw this dudes mustache that looked like it had a pulse\if he shaved it off it'd sever a main artery.
the nickelback confessions blog i'm cryiNG
60% of the time, it works all the time
*crosses fingers* Please be good to me registration.
Hey bud! Long time, no see. Unfortunately a friend jumped on the ticket immediately. How's life?
well it is dark and snowy outside so not allot of people are going to be spending time outdoor because it's the winter.
Taylor Kitsch is beautiful... 😍😍😘
Big Man <3
Humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it
I love the pear ones!
4 days until the Grey Skies screening!
me too all my friends are like what?
what happened??
haha, sick. Within a few months hopefully. Just released the cd, so we're planning an east coast tour.
please follow shes so pretty and just started xo
The best way to lose an enemy is to treat him like a friend.
Its a beautiful day!
#FF Follow my bands!
Love is such a beautiful thing that everyone deserves to have at one point in their life...
Well I didn't get the shutout, but we did win 8-4!!! I'll take it!!
I always assume that all negative songs are about me.
People in Olathe South physics classes: what is due tomorrow in Mr.Meier's class?
Took a shower after #SCGSpringBreak. There's a sandbar in our shower. Great time!
And in the adventure of each day, we discover the important things in life and why they’re important
Yep let's. Meet around Decide's office? Email: techboy ;)
Beautiful autumn morning: crisp air, bright leaves, the sound of our neighbor chopping firewood. I love it.
I remember when Laynce Nix caught a ball like that off of Dom Brown last year in LF.
how did your teams fair when you were in high school? Did you win any MS state championships?
Less than 2 hours til the start of our Madden Tournament! Only 1 will be crowned Madden Champ, but no one will leave empty handed!
Whoa there... hahahaha
Doing the last part of the 'Touchdown' video today!!! Dropping that shit real soon
DRINKING! jk LOL Not sure yet. You??
Hopefully I will perform their again! Hope you have a wonderful Xmas too!
Is it Friday yet?
Watch American Idol tonight & learn how to host a show!
Jazz can be all-consuming, so it's easy to get stuck in a bubble--but that can be broken by hearing one happening example.
My lower back hurts, my shoulder, my knee .. Idk what's going on. I've never had this pain before. And I didn't do anything out of the norm
We've got framed photographs of our kids and families doing things at school in our hallways. It's fabulous.
Hope this meeting at the clinic go by fast, got too much work to do smh
"What Would Oprah do?" Probably not the best option either. I'm not sure how that would come across at the Pearly Gates. C'mon, Let me in!
If you could only ask one question in marketing, it should be: Are you single or married? - Bill
The thought "I like to gorge on the flesh of humans" randomly came into my head. Oh course I'm not mad!
GREAT 5th grade teacher: Nancy Buscaglia. Senior year of high school, she said I was wasting my life on theatre.
I see u eqlrecords.com
that's funny tell her you can make cake out of it
I have to work tomorrow.
welcome to planet earth
26 outs to go
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse
Great job to all of you. Your panel was empowering.
Don't miss Pilates tomorrow at the Presbyterian Church, 213 Bailey Ave, Mt. Washington, From 6 to 7 PM.
Is it sad or awesome that I am looking forward to using #googlewave for work? (co-workers: say awesome & I will send you an invite)
These dreams are my castles, not the walls you built up around me.
I'm so old fashion & slow to this computer technology. Still learning the terminology, what's spamming mean? Thank U 4 helpin
Don't be afraid and never be ashamed.
the library is getting packed and I still got plenty of work to get caught up on. There is nothing like Starbucks coffee to keep one going.
And I get so annoyed when people get in your business when they shouldn't, and by the way, I wasn't calling you a whore. Nice try though.
": A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but imperfect couple learns 2 enjoy their differences."
Can't text you at all today, I left my phone on the bus, lololol
Do what you BEST an KEEP doing it.
I'm doing pretty well considering what I'm working with :)
Drinking gumballhead. Great! 3 floyds best brewery NOT in western PA.
Glad I wore sunsreen today
On my way to Albany for the 25th Annual Somos Conference organized by the NYS Assembly/Senate Puerto Rican/Hispanic Task Force.
I made it through my moms birthday and mothers day without too many tears. Things are starting to look right in my life 👍
Bonus round of your 20's, for sure. :) Happy Birthday! Hope you are well!
ebc.. today was nice make sure to stop by next week... and dont forget to come visit at surrender! only
RT : "Albert Haynesworth was on the field for 6 snaps (including penalties) on that first drive"
yeah that would suck. I would reschedule on a work day. that way I would at least get to leave work early.
not exactly but whatever
Easy like Sunday morning
time for some more 💤💤💤
My motivation this week is simple. Get through the week and then myrtle beach with family and girlfriend
I am willing to forgive, but will never forget
all you can do is laugh lol
Im extremely tired with a lil stress on the side
The Irish Setter, or Red Setter, was developed by crossing Irish Water Spaniels, Spanish Pointers, and the English and Gordon Setters...
Kobe is Kareless!
Happy Halloween.
was good! Got 4 seasons, window2theworld and mttr of minutes, +an attempt at stranded. Shawn looked beautiful!
Tweeted too soon, there it was on NFL Network
CALL ME! DID YOU SEND?!
U MAD, KOBE?
I love smiling too
Had a dream I was in The Hunger Games.
okay i just got it out. i asked my dad to reach in there and he got all of the banana out and a small diamond too! - lauren
that's right I forgot my buddy's b day. Well happy b day to u jdm.
"I'm not getting you a wrestling book. Don't ask again. It's not gonna happen!" Now I have to listen to whining.
haha looking forward to visiting it again!
i might as well be lol
ah how did I miss this? aeeiiii. ben says you're pretty much the best person he's ever met. i remain skeptical.
Pierce called for traveling. This is what he's become in Game 5. Are you kidding me.
Hey y'all, thanks for follow it's so fun to connect with other Seattleites.
you never hit my up my nigga
Artist's Night Out event @ Indianapolis Museum of Contemporary Art. FREE ADMISSION!
LOL I should be there for that game again, I'll bring my camera!
when you are making editorial choices, how do you as an editor keep this story interesting beyond just narrating a horse race?
I plan my work, I work my plan, and I just don't have time for procrastination right now.
Radelet: "Optimistic outlook on #Africa during the 60s fell as the world started falling into recession."
About to play some pick up...definitely stretching!
im excited to start this work relationship with you.. Im glad took it well..,lol : )
He missed the kick Ahahaha. I know them Raven boys are
because girls be askin bout me
aww! What a good excuse to go home :)
Can't wait for #madmen tonight. Yes, you are invited!
apparently my company has Veteran's Day off and only 10% of us did not know that....
My wife is still in bed (as I should be) but thanks to for the birthday wishes :) 2nd half about to kick off
Wait, 300 or Sin City?
plzzz followww me I love u so much <33333333
cranking 80's radio on last.fm and learning about Responsive Web Design. Feeling pretty energized
I want to dock 555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555555
“: He can win american idol with sign language.”
RT : Favorite from tonight's #txd: "I'm a horse, dude. I got horse stuff to do." Will not make #dareproject play. This time.
Auditioning tomorrow for the role of a 'stressed out casting director whose work has driven her to drink'. Wonder if I'll recognize the CD!
can't has to do.
looks like he should r
had a great day today at the gym going to birthday party in the morning and a pageant photo shoot on sunday lol i love photos lol
Hope is only what we can do in times like this
Happy New Yr!.... Anderson & Kathy love watching u both every yr.
Remember Nashville, we need to conserve water. So cut out of work right now and get a Margarita.
Scroggy averaged 3.3 GPA last semester to go along with about 25 unexcused absences.
Omg!!! ;(((( I'm so frustrated!! I think I may throw up!
#Orlando police department is a joke
you can often peg me as being crazy but not stupid, lol.
Nice play by
Damn you, UMBERTO D. You hit me in one of my weak spots.
you can run, but you'll only die tired - a friend of mine's ex-girlfriend's father's saying
I see a classroom full of first graders, I see dem cliques. Those gossipers, backstabbers, I see you. You are developing to our generation.
this world is made up of ppl who will manipulate u if u permit. Get to know who u are n what u stand for.
Satan loves me 5
awe I love you, and you'd look so pretty in one!
whenn? what you up too?
Redraft league? I probably take Gore over Murray. Keeper or dynasty I hold onto Murray for sure
Movie Marathon on abc family :D
Thank you all who said all the birthday wishes to me (: really preciated #loveya <3
oh lol how the hell did we forget that? :p
You are so sweet! Thanks for being a friend=)
Thanks Judith for stopping by and sharing! Very much appreciated:)
There is no Challenge more challenging than the challenge to improve yourself. Michael F. Staley Need #coaching?
Oh shit. You know you're in real trouble when you run into yourself from the other side.
I'm with on that one
When you wake up tomorrow, coffee and waffles will beckon you. Don’t deny your instincts. Go for it. Coffee/Waffles. Excellence.
android froyo looks pretty sweet.
Yeah #Blackhawks!!! Playoff city.
#NYC u #disappointed me. Not 1 restaurant will deliver Fried Chick to Madison ave! Courier said it would take them 1 1/2 hrs to deliver!
Do you know who's doing the Maine study?
Ready to celebrate a successful conclusion to my first full academic year with the great folks who make TU a fun adventure!
LOVE YOUR HAIR <3
. #Capitol4th tribute to the troops - War at Home - just made me cry.
No team can handle the rangers bats that lineup is LOADED !!!
Mouahaha-15 miles in 25 minutes on the fake bicycles last night, 37.5 miles in all after a much slower,sometimes sluggish second half hour.;
one word: expedit.
I Don't Have Time For Those Who Standing In Line On Me. Think I Owe Them The World But Never Did Anything For Me.
1 month until the Season 2 premiere of #teenwolf. Looking forward to it!
When a waitress asks if I�d like to hear about the specials, I politely explain that talking about retarded people ruins my appetite
Another great game going to the wire
Happy Easter everyone! What a lovely day.
not sure of origin but thanks #Blake Discher for quote regarding business scenario.
RT : Are You the Next Economy Hero? Tell your story, and win up to $250,000! Go here to win:...
Is there anyway to lock focus on the streaming cam? Its only focused on the rain drops on the dome.
the guys are just the greatest people ever. I'm so glad that it's them I end up spending 3/4 of my time with. #BandMembers <3 just.. :) yeah
A nap seems like such a good idea right now!
haha hi Matt! I'm great. How's life?
There will be no this week. We'll resume posting on 1/9 with an excellent line-up of learners.
Sue the KC Grounds Crew.
Yes! I was wondering if it was just me.
Agreed, the operative word: landlubber!
Good morning! A great day for cool-season #plants, & getting some mizuna in the ground w & DC kids today 10-12 at Girard
Yeah!? :P good morning!
I really want a party like the ones they have on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
Game tomorrow 
I need happiness. :/
Awesome Website!.. Like it!
Who are you rooting for? #Eagles or #Bears? RT this & let me know who you're rooting for! Going to a #Bartab spot? DM me & I'll hook you up
Or the running water makes him all "I HAVE TO GO NOW!"
Figured that out early. The sales call was *really* impressive, though. Going to read 's stuff now. :-)
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 19
right well with 2 people workin on it. it goes fast. but i mean we still got hella work to do
Still recovering from Atlantis smokers cough and headaches from walking through the hallways. Maybe Aussies next year instead of Pca.
so many tips! Reach out to womenwhocode at gmail.
Just wouldn't b a opening wo a show tune!
sometimes, not remembering mey be the better.
love the fact that #Murdoch has been nearly taken down. slime that bastard!
whats with the crappy avatar? it sucks donkey balls. unfollow.
-- so #annoyed today. Can't get my paycheck from the mail because the mailbox key has been misplaced.
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ME AMAZING FRIEND! ! find him on youtube:) he loves fishes lol<3 HIT THT FOLLOW BUTTON!!!
Very nice. Much better than Stuart Appleby!
Hell no
Getting ready for Killer Nashville.
love me some mysterious winos! ;) nice meeting you too!
“Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting” - Elizabeth Bibesco
#dame !! but they're kinda cool anyway
Collections in Context: The Organization of Knowledge and Community in Europe edited by Anne D. Hedeman F'86 now available from
Over 3K amazing followers later we're celebrating our 3rd twitterversary :) big thanks to for building this wonderful community!
Do it!
...publications, protests, even businesses.
Enjoying life & having a great time with my friends Kenny Cottrell, Derreck Kayongo & a special other at Eclipse di Luna....;)!! be blessed!
your the black kesha
Juan Direction!! Singing Juan Thing which is on their Number Juan Album!!
Checkin the refridgerator several times hoping food will magically appear
Have you ever stood in a room filled w people and u feel like you are the only one in there? I have....
Just watched the Green Lantern (who doesn't like a half-naked Ryan Reynolds? That's right. No one) But I really wish I hadn't wasted 2 hours
Baby always trying to live it up, that's our kind of love <3
Just got back from the press conference! Pics and videos coming soon!
Taking my gorgeous wife on a much-deserved road trip to San Antonio to relax and get away for the weekend :D
I need my iTouch back. I miss Twittahh.
pasta :D
Like most malls, they use foot-tracking services. I think that a lot of the traffic is around Black Friday when it's mobbed.
tommy boy? Lol
I don't like nicki minaj but i know all the lyrics to her songs 😒
Laura try preservative free lubricant drops or Blink for contacts. Let me know if you need more help!
Happy Earth Day
Whatever it is, we salute you! Last year: $14K. This year: $23K. WOW, WHO!
i have 666 followers not cool someone follow me lol...
Twitter is currently the only social network your parents haven't ruined.
Freaking Amazing. RT : Danish Govt banned from keeping paper records since 1996!
Sorry. UR tweet isn't 'connected' to anything. What looks like a fake?
#WhatPelosiKnowsAboutGingrich He is actually "Xenu," dictator of the "Galactic Confederacy"
Hungry so left $50K championshp. Railing online. Bubble broke. Can u image plyn 4.5 days of great pokr & getting $0 bubbling a 6 fig payout?
oh and i have farmers daughter
go for it. I found it on pinterest.
One of my co-workers complains way too much. Dude you still have a JOB...
Walk into the party and just start bustin
My mother and I are moving heaven and earth to find a NYT in Huntsville.
Get your tix from This Is Everything for the & Patent Pending show on the 16th in Toledo!! Come hang out with us!
WE ARE OPEN TOMORROW 12pm-5pm, Dine in or take out
what are you up to?
Time really does fly when you are having fun!
digitalbg Video Review Canon i-Sensys MF3010 - canon copiers
Halfway through the second season of Mad Men and I already have a bar in every room and cigarette dispensers on every table.
oh so now, you're playing? I'm all chill and YOU go off and call me a hoe? and you call it playing around? yep. that's cool
Watch out for the red insect coloring in those.
i want to sleep but i'm not tired
Remember, it's cheap to send a nasty letter. But #fairuse can be argued and we have come to a reasonable consensus.
Any Vegas PR people looking for a new gig? I know a cool opportunity... DM me.
Wow, i never tweet anymore. glad my new phone has a twitter widget!!
There were 9 of them, but 4 had to be let go due to the economic downturn. I couldn't afford to keep them all on payroll
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 82
Well, not in an Olympic style bout, but certainly can use a rapier and a main-gauche much better. :)
Stoked, I just pre-ordered the #TheInterpreter: Live At Largo. Sounds great!
That awkward moment when someone you deleted off Facebook tries to add you again.
haven't registered yet, but bank on me being there!
nice my man! Donny is a monster. But hey, so are you!
I swear i dont Want To work!!!
Sam bradford....whatta joke....the touchdown wasn't even real life...
ArtikPix and PhonoPix look great on the new iPad! Thx Apple for automatically increasing the resolution of our images!
hey just saw this!
Yeah, I love it !!! #BeautifulTogether (: Jason & Jordin #ILoveThem I sent Jason a tweet telling him I love it.
well guess that's not happening #ImDone #Peace have a great rest of Ur life
ION FUCKS WITH THAT GIRL.....FUCK YOU #Mentioning ME FOR
Hows the world treating everyone tonight? Tonite is the end of the world. Though that's what they say. From the words of the old Poet.
Fat tree is up on Maudslay Road. Handsome vegetarians fed. Hot Fuzz in the front room. Nilsson importing. Rain raining.
omg I'm so sorry
so what parts should i do?
": If Denver trade Brandon Lloyd yea they want Tebow to fail.">WRONG. This is pro-Tebow cuz Lloyd speaks out in favor of Orton
Getting ready to watch a movie!
I sometimes did but FAU's and PBSC's are fairly lacking. Only really did that at the FAU Wilkes Honors College " Owl Burrow" center
Hand out copies of old tests and ask the students how to game them.
Rubio out for the season. Awful.
First road trip with Z this weekend. Visiting friends in Indianapolis! Trying not to overpack neither forget anything.
Hello to new friends: Nicaraguan-American filmmaker , Hyderabad-based filmmakers , in Albania.
ugh no I won't be there :/ I wish! Have fun!!!
i cant believe this nigga gettin on me shut up u old twit twatski ass niggggaaaaa
Im Bored...Stuck at work. Somebody REACT TO ME!!!!! I.... WANT TO TALK SPORTS... WITH YOU!!!!
thursday you ?
Wow. Much more quiet than say... Posada's press conference retirement. I'm sad about this. I'm sure he is not.
Spread the word!! Dancer audition April 1 for Moveius's July Steampunk ballet 1pm at DancePlace annex #dmvdance C
whenever you get tired of him, I'll be happy to borrow him for the weekend.
11 hour sleep and still tired. Ugh!
hey tiff u def do good work wish i was close to learn from u i tattoo but want to learn more
why yes, yes you are.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back & realize they were the BIG things. ~ Robert Brault via Christina Norman
I'm blaming the full moon and the solar storm, what's your excuse?
Everyone should follow !!! Most amazing polish restaurant in the states. No need for Poland!
Take away the right to say "fuck" and you take away the right to say "fuck the government."
TO DO's pt 3 If the accent is crucial, find out exactly WHICH British accent the director wants.
We Was All In One Night & I Tried To Write Some Shit & Big Mike said "Nigga You The Chicken Man We Got This..."
In honor
My little hippie baby just hugged at least 6 trees goodbye as we left the park.
Early morning grind...Goodmorning people! Make it a great one!
who is that the author of today's blog or LeBron?
c'mon, kings - let's get that #1 pick!
you can't force or coerce someone to marry you.
Amazing hair stylist, Donka, from does it again with a perfect haircut! She's impeccably meticulous! Thank you, Donka!
Aug 17 performance with and in Nashville, Indiana. Looking forward to singing live with them.
what time do you guys go on?
8-12 now ...had our chances yesterday too many unforced turnovers..last three games of regular season this week
The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another.-- James Matthew Barrie
NBA playoffs is what I'm going to be spending this weekend watching. Ready for Pacers win tonight!
be happy in front of haters, it kills them
I downloaded the CrockPot app & LOVE "what's for dinner" feature. What do you have lying around the house --> meal!
": Excited to see go in on the hounds!"<-- Excited to meet you and make you proud
I need you here at work ASAP. 9:30 earliest.
aw, thanks! do you like it?!?
same here,but It"s okay you will get there, just that they have to wait for you.
losing had to tell u sum shit
I said if you hungry eat thats all wtf is ya problem wtf are you. if you dont wanna hear people response dont post shit
I moved to revere a year ago, but I live off route 1 and feel separated from rest of revere. This is good segment. Informative
hello all! happy Monday Morning to you! Stop by the museum and check out Patterns and Perspectives-- only two weeks left!
i'm always gonna be a shorts, band tee, and chucks kind of girl. heels & skirts have never really been my thing.
U ARE AWESOME!
“: Hey could I burn a copy of your Nickleback CD?”
I wonder if sitting in the car at the Ymca is considered a work out
YES! The week-end is upon us! Now I just need to get "upon" other things!!
I am getting to go to bed before midnight today, YEAH for me!!!Night ya'll!
Okay, I'll give you that, shatt *is* adorable. RT My mother partyy bout cute as shattt
pretty good. played our set at a show here in SD. uploading it to our YouTube channel soon if you want to see what you missed.
serves a critical need! Need better data collection of how many kids suffer to advocate for more programs like this
“We affirm not that we are better, but that we ought to be better.”
I think Roseanne Barr will be the best president we ever had. She is on our side,and she wants what we want.
Dale Watson | Austin, TX | Country / Alt.Country / Americana | Music, Lyrics, Songs. Enjoyed your show in Sweden it was shit good!
I will. I got chuuuu!
How magical! Really enjoyed your contribution 2the show btw! Very entertaining! If you ever need another diver let me know.
Three Days Grace, "PAIN"....
I will
Brent amy or may not be halting his "career" in order to pursue real acting! NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
exactly awareness is key step to have consumers decide to purchase...builds buzz. Great job
Last minute hotel booking in Chicago, fingers crossed…
Gettin some z's, big day ahead
IMO Stud 8 is the easiest, but that is b/c i suck at it
I'm off the networking grid for 3 weeks - off to India and Chicago. Hoping to catch up at more events in late May/June!
Maybe I'll get a visit from you while I'm at !
Currently the green card system takes between 6 -12 years before a foreign individual may be granted permanent residence within the US
damn you always find the winners
Finally done shopping :-) now I'm bored wassup ppl
My friend, Nick Wechsler, is on Revenge! He's also this week's guest on the ! I'll post the link when it's ready! :)
Help!! Looking for tix to #TaylorSwift tonight!! Show is sold out & my 10yr old is *HUGE* fan. Tweet me if you're selling a pair! thx K2
First day of spring break.. meltdown before 7a.m.
Welcome! Kick that meeting's butt.
I hate this side of town
I predict tomorrow's commute and ride will be skinny and pink. :D
Don't Forget the SPF during the winter,your skin is worse at bouncing back from sun damage!
Honestly, what the fuck is wrong with All I want to do is sort my mail by sender!
So did my husband! He fell asleep while we were watching Star Trek TNG w/his mom. She at least stayed up till 11!
neither of us recognized either of them.
Its a beautiful Friday. Have a great one!
two down on my nineteen years of summer list.
yes, that face is much needed. that wasted my time! made me mad for the night. i thought it was a HUGE secret!
Call time 6:30 am Getting ready to bring it for Easter! Live stream sdrock.com/live
Currently on a mission to learn every dive bar in my hood. It's been an informative week, y'all.
The Slow mo Looks Like He Just Started Swinging For no Reason Tho!!!
Chuck Cecil's name just dropped on Mike and Mike show by Jeff Fischer. Bloody nose not mentioned, unfortunately.
U guy's really deserved to win the #KCA #BigTimeRush #FavMusic for all ur hard work love ya??
Gorgeous day!! Thank god!
Internet Gaming should be in New Jersey by this September!
great hanging out this morning! As always, you expanded my mind with your real true geekiness! Thanks for your help!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 31
I love that you were the first person I met on day one out in the hall! That was you, right? Great to stay connected via tweets!
How do we get clients to put content first when it can be a struggle to get them to provide content at all? Is it education problem?
yeah, I missed the transition too
Without practice for sports, I feel so out of shape and eat way to much
HOT RT : I dont know about you, but I'm totally into the chick still wearing the Mardi Gras mask a month later.
Thank you Gary. I should be back in full swing by July 4th. I hope all is well
We stand in our power when we stay OUT of judgment. Seems paradoxical, I know. But judgment keeps us stuck.
i got 99 cookies 'cause a bitch ate one
and 70.3 planned for the summer. Thinking about Looking for summer #race suggestions in
2hrs of !!! Omg im in #mindlessheaven ❤❤❤
#TheThirst IS REAL!!!!!!
I'm often asked how to find new #donors. My answer is, "Bet all the donors you need are already in your database."
Are you still alive? Send me that new HH song ;)
All I can do is shake my head
Time's running out! Just days left 2 enter at #womansworld magazine 4 the chance to design your own healthy prize pack for $1500!
#YOLO is just an excuse to do stupid stuff that you'll regret.
there is a walking bridge on campus if you go towards the Comcast Center...it'll be OK your bowl is better then ours
16 projects publicly reviewed in 50 minutes by 15 students and 1 teacher instead of 3 private reviews + mine and a grade.
grr u told me to text u asap and i did now u r not texting me back!!
-- haha! I'll be gentle or at least try to. ;-)
Val was "trying" to talk to us while driving her convertable, had to pull over, couldn't hear! :) She's a riot!
Lebron pick on somebody your own size
gas station wine is awesome! not so sure about Virginia driving though...
Hey! Let's do it soon!
SAME haha! how weird is this
lol did you stay after today??
Help! Need a Milwaukee Camp for kids w/ disabilities that still has openings?! Andrew bucked camp idea for months, he is now coming around!
Man Night - Buffalo Wild Wings - 19th & Iola - 9:30PM - Be there or be square!
yes that was sweet! But what's not sweet is busting me out to your mom in the nursery today! Haha.
a minute in school feels like a year long
no problemo (in ur voice). Just couldn't pass up the opportunity to be a smart ass. :o) and thank u! **brouuhahaha*
the awkward moment when the bus driver slams the door in your face, cutting you off from your friends...
just wanted to let you know(: I think your
Feels good to feel good:) #werkout 👌
Judge less, love more.
same here!!
awww<3 I'd be screaming on the inside but acting all chill about it on the outside haha(: how do you know?(:
Packing for Spring Training is one of the hardest/confusing things to do. I freak out every year.
That gas so strong
It's Friday and I'm home figuring out Twitter, yay!
Most people will forget what you did and most people will forget what you said, but most people will never forget how you made them feel.
Which reminds me that Netflix may have limited copies of the film version of WTWTA because of his passing.
Has anyone noticed all these protests going on, though we have yet to hear about them from the mainstream media?
“Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian.” ― Robert Orben
CHANGE YOUR THINKING, CHANGE YOUR LIFE
So, so behind your project. Super excited to use it in the context of game development. :)
dominating at the gym feels so damn good!!
Yes officer, I did see the 'Speed limit' sign...I just didn't see you.
Haha good times... For the most part (victim)
oh yeah wow,*keeps dancing* hard breathing Ah I'm tired now
it hasent done very well. So we are GOING to redo their interview soon. Everything else looks good tho! :D Its coming soon guys!
Anybody see that Nate Diaz whoop on that dudes ass in #UFC? Nate is a real deal sav you wouldnt want to fuck wit. #NorCal baby
Boys are such chicken shits! I though girls where suppost to be but I'm a shitload more ballzy then most if not all guys I know.
"i'm back at it like a crack habit, it's a fact that my rap's magic like black hats & jack rabbits" - Dark Knight of
On plane. - no more tweets. Thank goodness its time to leave Dallas... YEA.
awww look at that smile! 😄
How was your day?
I mow the lawn this evening...now I feel like I'm going to pass out..hope I didn't over do it.
TX House staff expecting 500+ pages of amendments on SB 1811, probably needs to be dealt with before SB 1581 (w/guns-on-campus).
Ok woman shut up I don't appreciate the things you say about my mom -_-
buy the original Dawn dishwashig liquid, put drop on grease or blood area, rub material together throw in wash. Stain comes completely out
have her follow me, i love your mommy!
#caa2012 El Sevier as a colonialization of knowledge prodcution + very profitable; need tools like Scalar to think with
#Handmade papers are highly tactile, rich in texture and/or fiber, luxurious, sensuous and exciting. Your work becomes all these things
crap, second night in a row that my cube got skipped for vacuuming since i'm still here. i accidentally squashed cheese-it crumbs all over.
Thanks! RT : 2 things I love about Detroit: the new office of and the established office of
well the dark looks sexy if you ask me. I've never seen the blonde lol
Your live T-shirt experience sounds fun. I'll stop by & say hi. My base camp is booth
It is when you give of yourself that you truly give
Will you be doing something healthy with the Moms in your life to celebrate Mother’s Day today?
The Great '85 was pretty wicked!! Deer Vibes is up next! Stay tuned! Http://massiverocketradio.com
when do u not talk to yourself ?
Great to be @ CLA/CSLA w librarian friends. Props to the Sheraton for gracious early checkin & free local shuttle
“: Glad you are doing well in Atlanta but you are missed here in Nashville. Mucha suerte siempre. :-)” muchisimas gracias :)
with e spenc, thinking our beautiful mothers with a glass of wine and some shopping therapy. G. Bless Estrogen.
Followed! :]x.
TFS = Triangle Face Swagg. thank you for your time.
Industry Wednesdays with Buy 1 Get 1 Drinks 11pm-12am. Music by the Smokin Hot and !! In the
john legend is awesome!
Have a great show tonight! We're big fans of your music!
Back Tweeters !! x
I refuse to see anything calling itself "feel good"...or anything with Tom Cruise.
please follow? Thanks :) :)
who the fuck is david
After a long amazing vacation, it's time to get back to reality.
AUSTIN! FOR REAL! #BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD!!! OMG<333 I LOVE YOU!
With this cutie ☺💜
Its such a beautiful day! On my way to the park #FIRSTLADIES we couldn't have pick a better day for our Crawfish Broil!!!
RT : With Pankey leaving, only one player -- Pe'Shon Howard -- remains from the #Terps' five-man 2010 recruiting class.
Fashion has the power to magically transform you, when you look good, you feel good.
im already following you :)
looks like you went to the allergist doctor. Hahahaha.
You subtweetn me!?
Wednesday at 1:30. Bur my checkout time is Thursday at 10:30 a.m.
yoo I like that "My Time" track. shit real laid back. I fucks with that
CJ Wilson isn't looking too bad.
I still get all fuzzy and nostalgic when I see a Chevy Malibu
"We might have broken heroku."
Just realized how much this summer has sucked so far, it was supposed to be a blast. Now not so much :\ Can I live in the past or..?
DOWNLOAD MY FEATURE FILM 'WHAT MATTERS MOST' for 99 cents! at CLICKFLICK.COM!!
holds convening of Scaling Innovation today: a funded project to bring successful #deved innovations to new colleges
{The tears of a child is for real. Try to understand them.}
New topic - Concorso Ferrari - Old Town Pasadena
I hate decisions.
Stevie Wonder is a musical genius .....
Something's gotta give .
Have questions about hiring a mover? B staff taking calls live at 9News studios 303.698.0999
thanks for sharing with me!
I'm glad Jon Stewart gave that shout-out to Colbert. Daily Show is a classic, but Colbert was fantastic this year.
There's nothing left for me to lose except confusion.
You are the best rapper/singer in the USA!
Don't use QR codes to lead people to things that have no value-added content. Links should go to mobile optimized sites. Bloechle
occasionally, break dancing busts out at the House of Tea!
Nothing in sports compares to a Stanley Cup Finals Game 7... hope tonight's a good one... with several overtime periods.
Do we have any word on when next season should be coming up?
Long day is long, with miles to go. Thankfully, this is the pajama pants portion of the evening.
What have you been listening to this month? Tell us what you've found inspiring recently.
Have a damn headache now ugh
#isedchat we have no student response policy but that is a good idea!
Well, I'm officially lowering my expectations for 'Green Lantern' and preparing myself for a brutally masochistic experience.
Each exit from #AmericanIdol from now on will be "Not him/her!" I'm glad 1 of last night's weaker performers survived, but surprised tonite.
I stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again.
RT : Sagittarius I love all yall! :-) < and again. Real recognize real...
Aint nothin lik yo first love nobody will eva compare too that one person
I am discusted with the looters in London. They are preying on their own neighbors.
I downloaded the PDF to my iPad then bookmarked programs I want to attend in iBooks.
where do mock drafts have the Center from Michigan going?
Who's on it?
Man these rumors about me is crazy lbs
We agree - giving "follow" links is a priority. The object pages are set "nofollow" to concentrate PR elsewhere.
I am sure Johnny g would have done better. Don't look now but thru 23 games Getz may be royals best hitter.
RT : Listening to Jason Altmire speak in class tonight was amazing. Such a stand up, honest guy
- once we fed , he subdivided into clones of himself. Sort of like the trouble with tribbles!
just like that
If this keeps up the state of KY is going to be bonkers, I mean just crazy. Worker productive will be .0000000001% next week.
so bored on my ipad..chillin with my fam nd my friends :)
Christian Beadles + Austin Mahone + Taylor Lautner + Harry Styles = BOO!! aahjskshdjfldjsfj
I just installed the Al Jazeera Chrome app. I am awaiting my visit from The Department of Homeland Security.
the goldie video* rt ": Goldie >>"
how about your valentines day gift is the fact that chase ellison retweeted you. IT AINT VALENTINES YET
Creek?? Where??
Come on Mavs! We got the ball baby!
I am dressed right now as a parody of my art degree.
Consolidation day at RCA. Among those out: David Dyer, Michael Williams, Joan Fallon, Josh Reich and more. Details and contact info in RAMP.
