loves www.makeuseof.com!
heard the news!!! congrats!!!
H.R. 358, an extreme measure that endangers women's lives is scheduled for a vote any minute. Call your representative now!
lovvvvvveeeeee you!!!!! did you see the pic of the new tatts yet?? xoxo
know what's strange? I'Ve always been a classic Gemini. The older I get, I'm 'becoming' a Taurus. B-day is close to each.
Tip #99: Since this is Tip #99 I will give a shout out to Wayne Gretsky. "You miss 100% of the shots that you do not take."
hey the family is having a social in Chicago on the 23rd of June
Love Labor Day Weekend...time to heal and time to enjoy!
join our twitter family!!!
idc that Nicki Minaj deleted her twitter, i find her annoying for some reason.
I look at 4/20 like a girl looks at Valentines day... Dont just show your love once a year... Show it every damn day!!!
can we star next years season tmrw with real players?
The JD PR Team just secured a front cover feature placement story for a client. Way to go team!!!
Congratulations Kristen!
Didn't we already say "thanks" when Wake retired & then later when he threw out the first ball of home opener?
Studio time and lots of time alone but crowded with ideas surrounded by color
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Shoutout to for the awesome review! Glad you enjoyed our Yummies!
#CalipariSecrets is the father of Jax Teller's children
still waiting on my CDs! are you just not that into me?
Luv to get together and chat about this sometime...
My one word: optimistic.
omg hi bo i miss you way more thanks so much i love you and yes im texting you right now !! :*
I had classes increase in size, then what?
Some girls
food was awesome..
aww yay!! this just made me so excited.
it looks like this semester ill be taking out loans to pay for my stuff. so not cool =/
I wish I was there with you:) your my inspiration Justin!:) I'm so excited for #believe :) its going to be amazing just like u
ok. my friend Raven is 16 and i'm 15 and we're starting a band :) and i already have and love NB!! :D
Ppl don't really kno others struggle...
RT After watching him slurp down a badger brain, the SJ/Van game cannot get here soon enough. Ugh!
Making cornbread.
- I almost didn't see this....
Team Irv is on a roll! Got great people working on driving safety issues in Florida..."Let Team Irv Serve!"
That's what made it. Smarty Jones, Big Brown made it exciting, Visa magnified it. A new sponsor should take it over.
work work work !!!
I might be placing an order for the local wine store to deliver... #howamIoutofwine?
I'll do that!
Thanks bro. I'm just gonna take it easy today & see how I feel in the morning.
I'm disgusted with myself.
#InTheSummer i'm going to workout with my mom :)
MADISON, WI Existing home sales were up significantly in March, home sales growing 25 percent over the levels of March 2011,
Words and ideas can change the world.
Someone take me to the casino
"The Dodgers speed gun is supposed to be pretty accurate" - Thanks for the heads up Vin
Wonderful- will be great to see those museums in Korea!
If you're going to be two-faced at least make one of them pretty
The Real Talk discussion with mover and shaker, Beverly Thomas is starting now at GWUL!
- and to think we educated you on twitter!!
-.- paying 600 for a truck that a/c doesnt work. fuckthatshit. trading it in this week!-.-
Oh yeah. That sucks and lots of people are mad
Im prob the worst boyfriend ever...
Now they're getting to the heart of it on : district gerrymandering and partisan polarization
M....first time at wow...very yummy plus sing along to "Tiny Dancer" equals coming back here again!
Nervous as hell for the #packers game tomorrow ..
Just saw a guy nail a half court shot for $10,000 at the game
I'm going to hide... just so that will happen.
A bit quiet here at El Cento HQ. Some things and shows are percolating. And some writing. But most importantly the coffee is percolating.
you whore. That's mean.
Yo where is the story about 's fav comic book movie ? Inquiring minds gotta know
...shhh...now, now, , its okay. im here to PROTECT you...
Hate when my iPhone autocorrects shits to shots...must be an alcoholic SMH
Sport Fishing in Hawaii
ouch. I think I could do about 1 box. Time to go for a walk around the neighborhood. ^_^ Inspiration. I haz it.
Gonna play baseball with the bro. It's too nice outside to be sitting inside.
New #Twitter #Homepage for ! Have a look!
so its a win win funny and it has marky mark we r so goin
lol all he talks abt is jb, his twitter account used to be a jb fan account.. Give jb stuff a break I agree wif my bro
Off all week....what to do, what to do!?
Pizza quest continues. Hot pepper, sausage and onion slices today at Neno's on 5th street by George Field. Nice.
Yea should fire her manager he not doing his job! He go to go! You don't need him!!!!! # I hustle!
Thank U, Julie! PrayersNeeded. :) Praying4 U & Urs too. Praise God 4 U, my PrayerWarriorPartner! {Hugs} :)
Playing your game and wining your championship is no easy task and Monday mornings have a way of forcing us to do the proverbial
All the guys that gave other guys titty twisters in high school are now addicted to a scummy drug.
LMAO yurp. Firimbi ilikuwa boss. You had headphones on so you couldn't hear it.
unfortunately I have left the parking lot. Data collection will have to resume next trip.
i love my boyfriend with all my heart <3
Fear ends where faith begins.
the human mind is the foremost example of weapons of mass destruction. just look around you at what we have already created and destroyed.
Sat Jan 23 7:30 pm OPERATION COMEDY. Tickets online or at box office. Featuring Todd Yohn & Don Stuck on X103 hosted by John Stites
its empty :/
going to wear a romper tomorrow because rompers are comfortable.
#Peoplelikeus don't wait for the ship to come in; we swim out to meet it
I hope Kayla and Ronnie have a good time spending Valentine's Day in the McKinley Mall food court
I'm gonna take this guy
This is question time, not meandering story time. holy jesus there is a question under this whole thing
I hope you feel better soon and rest well! :hugs:
But using it, at any level, does.
Emma Stone, will you be my friend?
From the window to the wall www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd
No tickets, just a guest list. As long as all guest are 18+, dad doesn't need to come! for q's!
I swear my ex is a straight BUG a BOO ! Damn girl wanna blow me up every 5secs
Im not spending Mother's Day with my mother because I went to 's graduation. My mom isn't mad because she loves Jenn!
heiwbdudiiwir funny Lmfao.. but thanks. :) I like your team... Like everyone on it <3
RT : #lolla Friday is sold out! Travel Packages, VIP Passes and Sunday Tickets are now the only ways to get into Grant Park!...
We've gone to oriental so often that when we walk in they say "5 at your usual table?"
sounds like a great show.
Good people experience the toughest struggle..
Every time that Angels commercial comes on I wanna shoot the tv.
Good morning twitter!
Anchorage bike-tweeps: what's the situation with Chester Creek Trail? Specifically, between UAA and Valley of the Moon?
having a puppy is like having a kid i swear
Baseball fans!! Are you ready? New Stadium, new eraBe prepared for the first crack of the bat at Park tonight!!
LOVE project management cloud tool Wrike, esp their customer service team--thanks for such a quick response!
I REGRET GETTING A TRIM. Ugh
thank you!!
young nation rack city
well I have no clue why! You're stunning!
Or they go to Georgia State where tuition is handled by some random due who live in Atlanta...
Why is the training room always so frickin cold!
The catch is fascinating. Google found a way to gain top down leverage on a distributive trend that they know is the future.
Yogurt is great for breakfast. Add green apples, cranberries, granola, raisins, cinnamon or almonds. Be creative! It's easy and healthy!
2morrow is my birthday and I'd like to go somewhere nice to eat mama, where should I go?
hey - just saw your linked in post - are you at #mcbootcamp today?
you should be down here right now but no. You HAD to go home and not come to galvy last night
good morning! how's everybody doing?
Interested in attending our Game night for Texas Hold em' or Euchre? Contact me for more details!
I cud skip tha hustle but its there for a #chicago #kidd like me but no more do I fall bak in place..
When you get a flat, first get the futile attempt out of the way: "It was a one time thing, pump some air into it and it'll be fine"
How come I can only follow 2,001 people but some people can follow 3,000 does anyone know? I would love to follow more people :)
what is it about catchers?? Martin, Posey, Cervelli, Arencibia
#RipMatt you will live forever in every mahomies heart; we love you.
As I watch #thewestwing obsessively, I wonder if Obama et al were taking notes? Or was WW just THAT GOOD?
You invest in facebook ?
"Top of the morning to ya"
oh happy birthday :)!!
that is so awesome!!! Keep up the great work! Amazing accomplishment!
Yay! Pan Am looks terrific. Even if it is a rip off of Mad Men, the fashions are sweet! Good luck!
Holy sh** Lauren (Strange Beauty Show) is about to go do Ray Davies' hair at his hotel downtown!!!!!
It's the 17th.
Oh, Brian Brown challenged you to a Bible-Off! Will you please do this? Pretty please?
Yay. Some Portland zine librarians just stopped by my table.
the only way for me to be jealous of anyone right now is if they're sleeping because I want to so badly :(
lol!!!!! I hope this won't be used as evidence in court or we're pretty fucked.
what is that?
great game last nite Mat!
MT “: that time of the yr that I wish I wrote in syllabus "I'll give u any grade I please" (then give all As).”/ Here, here
hello to all 30 of you that are following us hahah :D
hope your day is amazing!
I love mahomies ♥
Met w/ P Adamczyk on his Pipes project to aggregate MORE LINKED DATA THAN YOU EVER DREAMED OF! Play: is.gd/uo3Z Comment: is.gd/uo2D. Wow.
....not feeling it.! Haven't cried myself 2 sleep in awhile.
Watching the story of Marlie and her new face. Marlie, God Bless you sweethheart. What a strong kid.
hello love (:!
To Write Love On Her Arms
That looks great! Thanks.
CURTIS HOME RUN!!!!! Yankees up 6-4
Second Preview of Precious Little at City Theatre. Huzzah!
not sure if anyone there knows who we are though.
“: Jermaine Paul is #1 worldwide trending topic! ” great job
I. THINK. I. JUST. DIED. O_O
Just got off the phone with Patel Brothers. I'm trying not to get my hopes up, but they claim they have Indian mangos! Running out to check!
Carrie Underwood: nervous I will forget the words to the national anthem
Do not bring a guy to a boil, and then it can evaporate!
Dallas is losing
Tomorrow's hike is still on!
ya, he announced it today. One of my favorite Mariners.
Hello Ellen..your so lucky you have her..mine is with the stars with me in my heart..love who you are:):)
No worries, it's the price we pay for fame. Wait... I'm not famous! Crud! LOL
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water. (I raise my glass to this one).
Be doin these dishes
Okapis are the best animal on the planet
I've been trying to introduce "good" music to m little bother zane. I think its working considering he asks to listen to my fav song Home :)
absolutely amazing!!!! That is in fact a gem!
Where is this going to end up..
aww I missed U so much dapitbull hehe :) follow me please
Celebrate women's history month! Must read #inspiration by
Everytime my phone vibrates im hoping its him.. Really missing him
Is continuing to learn about generators today...and likes it. Prepper? Not yet...
yes! i can finally be productive lol
It feels so good to finish another amazing project! Going live in the morning.
Had another great sell-out today! Gracias to the wonderful crew at Elliott & Associates for the tamale love. See you again soon!
I MISS YOU TOO(:
Welcome to Twitter!!
My BestFriend is beautiful (:
#ILoveMyMomBecause she always puts up with my crap and doesn't bitch me out like everybody else.
i miss you 24/7 and 365 days of the year
I sent Q a message yesterday. No sure he got it. I got no response. Rod
"Hartmut's Face Does Dallas"
I think you forgot about Bryant "big country" Reeves, no?
Saw the Three Musketeers and was surprised at how completely 100% historically accurate it was. Remember the great air ship battle of 1844?
amen kim
coo, just was curious. did you ever think James Earl Jones looks like John Kuntsman?
Charlotte Atlanta darlington are the tracks I'm used too !!
lol!!!...that damn wall!
i got that kinda lovin that'll keep you off the streets!! make ya homies say LALA got him on a leash!
I wouldn't watch NBA with your eyes either-- but was glad see the story through them. #last picked
No shame in watching the Chronicles of Narnia on Syfy.
Lowkey you my trill bitch
whale's penis? O:
they should be facing crim charges
It was a pleasure. Always glad to help. Hope the camp is a huge success now & for years to come.
you are the man . We leave the 13th.
oh and eating healthy of course. My diet is shocking.
Target: lovely clothes, shame about their 'no fatties' policy. :(
Ion know that dude cant beat me with my eyes closed award or not still best in the city #isaidthat RT WTF WAS THAT
MAC MILLER. and the wonder years too right? omfg. ;-; why must I live across the country.
oh i love the sock and the CTS
Haven't been on twitter for a while! Lol what's up people :D
why don't u guys do a world tour so I can see u or I better just go to Vegas
Trust me... Humping pillows isn't the answer...
Sunday #browniepoints: 3 hrs spent updating mominlaw's computer/phone, all to DL some free ringtones she wanted. ;D
-Ty for the follow doll! On a follow limit! Have a fabulous evening! xox
I look like poop but I guess I'm gonna go walk around downtown with my boyfriend.
Rain in the forecast. Be sure your wiper blades work. At Express Lube, we carry a variety of wiper blades to fit your vehicle.
When anyone tells me I can't do anything... I'm just not listening any more. -Florence Griffith Joyner
every NON laker fans ALWAYS hate on thm. but why!?
Cute Canadian model who followed me on Pintrest? Likes boys. I knew it was too good to be true. Haha.
#ObamaInHistory always a failure
you got the dicers? you can wipe those and program then to do what ever.
aw I love you 
Get ready, DC. We pouring at tonight.
Trim 200 calories from your diet after following a weight-loss plan for 6 months.The daily calories have to complement your new body weight!
Michael Sandel that's like asking if its better for ONE to be given death penalty vs. FIVE? Answer=spare all!
I'm shaking!
Did you know that one out of every 3 Not Like This members is naked at any given time?
What a great wake up with puppy kisses, phone calls for gigs, and a callback.
Looking for grassroots action? Come to the 99% action in Madison Madison Humanities bldg. Still room @ free.
THAT'D BE FREAKING HILARIOUS!
Well at least he said that about toolman and not Chris! RT oh and John says Toolman's a putz!
Amusing artlessness
Why isnt anyone replying my tweets?
I need help
coding experiences as children. #scratch infrastructure of community
Reply 2 that's the way 2 do it. When I run by Robin Williams' house in the Presidio I like to play "Where in the house is Robin?"
I concur.
#tkcrepublicans Long time CR (crnc.org) transfering into King's and looking forward to joining your organization! DM me info on how-to!
Can you give us feedback in how well Ohio does a fish fry?
let's go
aren't they called like Chonga ?
aced all my tests, led off my game with a home run, blts for dinner
Come on Jets, you can do this. (But not the way you BEEN doin' it). #NFL #Football #WhatTheD?
Hey #WMATA, could my blue line ride go ANY FREAKIN SLOWER???
ME!! RT : So who else is looking forward to #beerclub field trip today??
I'm starting something that could turn out for something interesting..if that makes any sense.
hey #Portland model for you :) working on #portfolio :)
what about?
Up Next? Maple bacon bar brat.
there are some things I'll never understand.
This weather is really nice and relaxing.Hoodie season wooohoo.
Inchoate offenses are those that are not yet completed. They consist of an action or conduct that is a step toward another offense.
Good talk by on ResourceSync. I hadn't heard of sim hashes (among other things!) Good stuff. Hard prob.
Kentucky derby time! 🐎
The gig tomorrow night at The Muse was cancelled, we are playing there on Friday, May 6th with Dungeon Promotions!
i cant tell you how proud i am of you and the boys!!! i re posted that on my fb haha had to show my friends!
absolutely pitiful home loss to a pitiful blazers team, cant breathe
fine <3 love
Feel good. Always.
Hope she feels better though
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day!
What a great breakfast feast! If there is one thing we do well at work, it's food.
We are aware of an issue with our URL shortener. We are working to get this corrected ASAP!
Good answer RT : homie those type of questions are for fighters not fans
Thanks for the info! Can't believed I missed that. You rock. Thanks again.
Thank you!
Sometimes I think dating is super fun. Other times I ask myself why I do this to myself. It can be so annoying.
I've had two major allergy attacks since enterinng this room and I'm bracing for the third. This room hasn't been cleaned since 1978.
#hemingways Oh my gosh what a awesome night- Brit tunes flowing! <3
Speakers, Sponsors, Attendees, please email me the links to your reviews about ! Cheers :D
yep -- good stuff that AWS is.
When you say hi to me everyday. I brag to my friends Nd say oh my gawshhh he said hi to me ah<3
listening to "landing feet first" by Bayside. I forgot how much I love this song
Listening to "Let's get it started! Happy Monday!!! Black Eye Peas!! rock
Why am I stting next to a cuddling couple. I feel like the damn 3rd wheel. And i was here first! .-.
#EverydayIThinkAbout this time when I watched an amateur porn and I thought I seen my ex girlfriend getting two wayed,pretty cool 😷😷
co-founder in #NJ spks abt #20kdialogues which engaged in earlier this yr w/
My brains telling me I'm hungry but my stomach is saying I'm not #conflicted #iwantfruitandcoolwhip #idonthavecoolwhip -___-
Was going to enjoy my lunch break outside but I find myself dodging pigeons that keep flying back & forth.
Off to #bootcamp class at ! Hope I survive!
"If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow." —Robert Eliot
#GirlsWithNoAss i have no words for :x
I would hate to be the head hunter that has to find Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak a new job... so what r ur skills? dictating?
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
AA > KK finally a hand holds. Guy limped pre with KK. Flatted my raise. Then shoved JT4 flop.
Photography Colleges
Last minute predictions? I say Bosh to Heat. Lebron, Johnson and Amare stay put. Boozer to Bulls. Shaq gets max from Knicks
If 30 members of your profession were assembled, would you fit in with them? If not, consider why. Is that your advantage or problem?
Caps fans would have been insufferable had they won. Rangers fans at least know how to properly conduct a hockey rivalry. #NJDevils in 7.
You missed the part where Obama removes 2-term limit on presidency and institutes lifetime appointment.
Who wants to txt me
San Jacinto/Navarro start time has been moved to 5pm. Blinn/Galveston will follow. Just 2 games today
can u teach me some bball skills bro ?
Lead generation made easy. #magnalogix Web based dialer, and leads. Contact us 866.460.6611
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
Happy birthday, Have a good one man!
Heinz History is having an event tomorrow about historic preservation. A senator is coming, not a huge deal but I'm still nervous
We're going with (slightly biased as well).
oh sorry not 16 but 17 y.o
Can't sleep. Reading Updike.
only if u give me a back rub back...
I have never gotten so many balloons in my life.
Thanks! We like you! RT like it:)
no "rat" in the name...but I'm sure I've been called one on some occasion
IMO buss it to the party if you want meet me @ my pad! It's closer to my pad :p
Laughing is a good calorie burner.
3:30-3:45pm is our afternoon snack break in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
im twatting you
I'm not understanding who we can and cannot call "retarded."
#HighBloodPressure Do Pools Expose Swimmers to Harmful Chemicals ? Do Pools Expose Swimmers to Potentially Harmful Chemicals ?
Great interview today w/ Dan Taylor at about our show on 3.8.12 at in Santa Rosa.
I swear, nothing stops my mom from being annoying af.
you know I wear my boots everyday!
I'm paying for that Philly burger you served me, Bobby Flay. And I'd do it again.
tell where x wat tyme we going bowling tomorrow x wat eva cheater, x I kicked Kivon ass
HEY there's a LOT of letters in the alphabet!
Honored to have speak at our banquet Saturday! Thank you for great evening
Cheers to our friends across the pond and all the Anglophiles here in the States celebrating the #RoyalWedding this (early) morning!
Facebook Parenting: For the troubled teen. Father Shoots Laptop: VIDEO RESPONSE!
bout to eat at a pancake house ^_^ ju?
time to play solid Basketball look for shots and make them. Need this win. Let's go Heat, let's go.
Share your files, photos and videos...
The Lucky One = AMAZING. Got me in a lovey dovey mood <3 Lol if only it was realistic.
I feel you bruh but give them lames a middle finger wit ah mug (fly or die folk)
Lord please save me now. Please? (whimpering because of embarrassment).
Wish I got to sleep in like other federal employees... instead my meetings got switched to phone meetings. Boo.
Have you ever had a really awesome adjunct professor? What made them stand out?
On the F'n road again back to the dirty south we go!? Balls to da wall!?
good :-) drinks or smoke sometime this weekend?
I hope that's the ame of the band. Because your brain on grizzly bears will kill you. Just sayin...
Thanks for the support, Leonard!
I just rocked The Vote!
+1 for retro goodness RT Attn DC vintage lovers: There's a pop-up this Saturday at on U st. 12-6pm.
WOAH? Ashley? hell yeah im backk!
Hiring a Business Analyst in Downtown MPLS, 10 month contract. The things the hiring manager is looking for is: -Strong BA that can do…
Your so lucky! So you wernt nervous? At all? Haha (:
Thinking it might need to be a sushi delivery night.
have fun:) where you dancing?? BDC?
#SinceWeBeingHonest ...I lied...
our dog's is named Otis but we call him Bubbah, The Bub, Turd Burglar, Truffle Dog, Baby, and Stretch
hooray! Headed to see the tumbleweed tree in downtown Chandler and then a visit to my fave !
I'm not a businessman... I'M A BUSINESS... MAN!!
Enjoying a visit from one of the Tulsa teammates!
Rahm's book tonight is "love you forever" that's the book gave me for graduation! Aw
I'm the sexiest glasses!
Headed to Love is Love farms Young Guns dinner tonight. Farm living, sort of. Good fun, for sure.
The Beckham love fest never ends with Ian and Harkes. GAG
So, for the first time in almost three weeks, I got a full 8 hours sleep. Also, my sinuses are finally draining :D Thanks, #ciprofloxacin!!!
if only could see the love me and have for her. #SOMETHINBOUTKREAY #ThatShitKreay #WeLoveYou ❤💙💛💰👑💚💜
How is that mobile app coming along? We're ready.
Treating me very well! I managed to escape a bad winter this year *and* landed a full-time developer gig, so I'm lovin' it here!
"Just as pieces stitched together in a quilt warm our bodies, scrapbooks bind together memories to warm our hearts." Social media is the new
WAY WAY too many tweets. It's not worth it to follow anymore. Bummer. I guess I'll follow again next winter
Congratulations to our great team for winning the Award Of Excellence in the annual Weed Man Conference in Orlando!
I only work sat nights now but next time you're please introduce yourself! Thank you for your support & generosity!
Neither do I...Look to your right.=)
So are you! Damnit Yvette, I just want to slap you in your skinny face!
I do have it!! I'll tweet it to u after school
rock on!
#FunFact Wondering what to do in Chicago? #Chicago is home to more than 200 theaters, nearly 200 art galleries, and over 7,300 restaurants
Just found out that is a fan of Turntable Lab out here in LA. We can see why. Excited to include them in the book.
Come eat some DIN DIN!!! Mouthwatering INDIAN FOOD!!! Need we say more?
omg i missed you guys =]
If I could sing, was a girl and wasn't in Seattle I would be TOTALLY down
You're kind of a big deal.
ok maybe with a sophisticatted log structured fle oriented NAS head...
love it!“: Business idea: über for pizza. App let's you push a few buttons and an independent pizza provider brings you a pizza ASAP.”
#Countdown, missing 5.000 followers! is coming close to reaching the #16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter! RT
is my new twitter page! Check it out and follow it I will be letting you all know where we will be hosting parties at!!!
My babe asked me what made me chose him. I told him he takes care of me : mentally emotionally spiritually and sexually.
that too haha
it's almost as good as Jon Brockman's!
So Walker "dropping the bomb" creates jobs how exactly? He knew it was a "bomb" too.
Maybe they will come to the uk after the tour
So proud of my friend and colleague for being awarded the Golden Apple award!! It is SO well-deserved!
I know:( I just hope it dosnt turn out all drama like justin and selena.
hey, I don't disagree. The urban/rural divide in this country is big! Plus as a non-native to this part of the world….
you know who deserves 800 followers? does so help her out and pass this along :)
"You don't know me, you don't even care"
oh yeah dm me tell me wassup
U rock mom
"If you can feel it, you can speak it" as would say.... and lately I feel like saying alot
Meh. I'm going for a walk. No point sticking around here waiting for everyone to get back from lunch.
no reason?....we have stupid class haha
yup..i gotm!!
Dear Strangers, Even Though I Dont Know You. I wont judge you based on your apperance. We should start talking to one another someday.
Thanks Matt. 45:55. Was awful. 9:50 mile for the first. 12 for the second.
Two women in line at the bank both wearing stretchy pants.
Good for you. I'm 22 yrs older than my hus so I'm interested in the subject.
We weren't raised to take but we were raised to give the shirt off our backs to anyone in need
where u moving? Not away from the Bay I hope!? I always suggest men should try @ least one dance class and yoga @ least 1ce!
Usually a mistake is done intentionally .
Helpful hint: Playing "hard to get" isn't a good idea if you're hard to want. Looking at you Truffle Shuffle!
... your usual clinical scope of practice. Other option is have all participants sign arbitration agreements.
you make me happy :)
How was Mina? Wanna come bowling next time?
So, did you get your offer for your 1st check-in ?
say wha? Wow congrats Lucy D!
RT : I'm excited for this track meet coming up this Saturday for some reason B)
Congrats to the bulls is what I meant
Thanks for the follow Austin Daily (AustinTXDaily)! :)
miss you
Well good morning gorgeous lol
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm
I don't know why talks to manly hoesssssss
S/O to my new follower hahaha pull it out make it long!
she's awesome :) besos
Cheating is easy. Try to do something more challenging.. like being Faithful.
Rick's fired up.
The one morning the hounds next door are not released at 5am, and I get woken up at 6 by a damp toddler. <sigh> Sunday, I was not ready.
#nw Friends With Benefits ; )
Message me if u have any tips for me I wannabe a Goth I'm a Guy
I get high to balance out my lows <~ triple entendre dont even ask me how.
please follow me ;)
nuthin munch my dog ran away but came back!so happy
I'm not saying she was stupid, but I asked her how to spell Mississippi and she said 'the river or the state?
Can I get your number... so I can call you maybe. ;)
sounds like a summer plan..love knowing you are living a beautiful life of faith xo
Hey there, thanks for following. :)
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss."
anyone else enjoy kickin it ol'school with the Atari iPad app?
AAF Miami has improvements coming soon! Stay tuned.
or should I say H8r
Note to self: Look at the training resources from this study
Someone eating Chicken w/ mild sauce..
Good luck to all the teams participating in the GFL preseason event tonight.
When it comes to staying young, a mind-lift beats a face-lift any day.-- Marty Bucella
you must be with chris lol.
I wish would freakin come over.. But, he hates me. 👎😔
Thank god for the sun pass lane or else it would be impossible to get out of miami...back to the tunes ”on a dark desert highway”
Beta Iota misses Faith Scazzero, our Brother studying abroad in Ireland this semester. :)
take me with you tomorrow!! 🇮🇹
Where are u now?
Well at least I'm not the only one. :)
It's less about the physical training, in the end, than it is about the mental preparation: boxing is a chess game.Jimmy Smits
Pounding this bacon and egg cheeseburger like it's my fucking calling from the gods!
We're closed Mondays, I'm afraid.
Akinade: copyright and access is part of problem--"the big business of copyright." Costs money to access this stuff--too much!
We don't reach Mathis on our 4G wireless network, but we do offer a Nationwide plan that will reach Mathis. It's called 4G+Mobile.
Out to dinner with Bethan' & Emily. :)
Yes, and more tapping into our emotions and those of others along with our phones would be a good thing.
- now i know, i've made mistakes, but theres forgiveness & a second chance. so wait for me as i wait for you.
Getting some new eyes
;) Jealous of this one and not the Toni Morrison one I tweeted earlier?
And we're off! 5 days=250 pages digitized - Missouri Valley Special Collections. Here's to 4,750 pages more!
you and that insomnia. poor thing! mine has gotten better since i've been working out lately but i know you're a runner
i bet! ha
I'm more of a I-go-shopping-when-there-is-something-specific-I-need.
"Dang , I should start callin you texter". . "No grandpa I'm TWEETING, there's a difference"
haha well good luck with that! :p
He's mad b/c he's dumb af AND going to hell
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Naples-Ft. Myers 12:15pm, Palm Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm cont.
lol u will be in it tmrw
i guess das where uu end up wen uu FINALLY put uur trust in someone .
That's fantastic! I can always point you to the right person in the company, for sure. We should trade contact info soon.
lol good one. That's why I don't go to those any more.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Nah, I still think the Heat will win. Indy's chances DID improve tho
Happy First Day of Winter!
yea can u follow me we both love MADISON
Our 1/2 price tickets to OPUS 1861: THE CIVIL WAR IN SYMPHONY will make it seem more like OPUS 930 AND A HALF.
The suburbs here remind me of Bexley. So many treeeeeez.
Christian LOVES his Fans so much ya'll mean so much to him!
most favorite thing in the world right now: iTunes U. Learning programming from Stanford profs. I'm in iOS heaven!
Wtf !coach yelling at me for nuthin!>.<
Oh, the humidity and the traffic! I should have taken one more day of vacation!
“Jazz today, as always in the past, is a matter of thoughtful creation, not mere unaided instinct." ~Duke Ellington
Just caught a moth in midair...
Awwhh A good ole Mt Dew should cheer her up!
Productive is so hard to tell. Over what time line? We're chipping at BIG stones here. Other generations see the gains.
Yes. As in Fugazi. TV on The Radio played Fugazi's "Waiting Room" as part of their encore.
hell yea..mfckn throat is sore! Whts wrong w/ you?
#ICC2011 What could be better than Spanish wines, cheeses (sheep, of course!), olive oil and Serrano ham? Not much, I'd say!
Happy Friday, shakin' my caboose all day. Shakin' to the highway! I wanna hunt ghosts with u. Pick me up on your way.
hey is playing your song
RadioBedlam OpenMic in Beautiful Belltown every Tuesday night at 7pm Come one come all.
TWILIGHT ZONE Y'ALL!! haha:) just got back from my cousin's house..we jumped on the trampoline for a very long time! glad to be back in FL:)
Just past Road 27 on 505 on pur way to Redding. Van is comfortable. Rain stopped.
We actually got snow!!! I was getting tired of making snow angels in the dirt yesterday, so today is going to be a much better day.
Im a big fan of the
and also a vegas bomb
what you guys up to?
Knocking off to eat, Kent. Enjoyed the repartee'.
FDLP Mission: To provide for no-free ready and permanent public access to fed gov info now and for future gens. Baish
I love #progrock. Know this.
DON'T LEAVE ME!!! NEVER LEAVE ME!!!!!
He knw hw much I love him
Georgetown/GWU/American Fraternity/Sorority interested in becoming campus-reps? Subscriber referrals for free drinks!
at least 1!
Whats your #money on?
RT : 1 day left to PhorumPhilly. Come check us out tomorrow
Time to clean all my gear. Not my favorite part of adventure racing!
RT if you are redecorating, painting or other home improvement tasks this weekend! Send us photos or w/ your #DIY plans!
RT : saw the interrupters, moved by your effort & the endless love you & the brothers give to your community.love
O shyt weed may b legalized n atl. All about money
Proud of you man....You didnt quit and stayed strong...People gonna see whats up come Jan.....
buy it, u won't be disappointed :-) haha
free drinks at my opening too! Just sayin' :)
Time to play some Mario Strikers Charged w/ Craig. Good times! :)
#todayisfriday The day when it is completely acceptable to end up passed out in your front yard
I could pick you up if you want. BMW 328i, 335, Lexus, Mercedes Benz C250, or Audi. (I like the BMW best...)
I didn't want to wake up today...
Any suggestions? Gonna build my book trailer this weekend. Flash or iMovie? I don't have Final Cut.
come on in for a fresh strawberry lemonade.
"We don't heart NY in this house, young man!"
hang nails hurt
YUM! Can we have some? :) “: Chicken schnitzel sandwiches for dinner.... Love them!!!”
Post office? Are you sending me something? I'll pray to God that you are.
Joey put some clothes on and call :-) please
Yeah I don't always see what the motivation is to "share your comment!" Maybe sparks in-group chat people don't post.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Happy Fourth of July! It's a great day to celebrate America and our freedom!
The heart sees whats invisible to the eye.
Want to do some work....but..body...breaking..down....ah damn it
Bitches talk major JUNK, but it's crazy how they seem to miss half of the shots they throw.
Eeny meeny miny moe, I'm on my way to get groceries pronto. Gotta decide which fresh veggies to tow, so I've got energy to do the tango!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2236 calories! on 4/18/12 at 2:03 PM
Be bold in what you stand for and cautious in what you fall for.
: Getting there!! Couple more weeks...
great to meet you, thanks for hanging!
and all you guys do is play with sticks and balls, yeah you're totally better! Lmao
Just watched #Fargo for the first time. Coen-tastic!
love that song so much lol!!
Packing and prepping for Philly!
I think if the Eagles put up anymore points, then the Cowboys may not have time to give it to Murray on the ground
Two thumbs up for "The Rum Diary." Two thumbs down for severe weather. Stay safe, have a movie night.
latest episode?
Someone tell me what I missed?
you should try the Bloody Jack! The bloody mix was made with Jack in mind
you deserved more! Unstoppable!
I wanna retweet all of these...
thank YOU!! Glad you dig it.
Oh GET UP Ballard. You disgrace the #4 you wear when you act like that!
it's quite annoying I agree
reports New Maps Chart Hot Research and Scholarship's Hidden Terrain
One thing I've always wondered..."What Does Sloth Meat Taste Like?"...
Obese patients pay $2741 more per year in medical care costs- much higher than previous estimates
So you guys , If I ask Zayn if I could kiss him on the cheek , do you think he'll say no ? ;o that'd be bogus a'f !
Good to know! What do you find to be the most different? Why both?
#TeamHyperFocus now national, RT and let your people know! We'll remote the entire social network for your promotion group or business!
www.supertonicstringquartet.com- check it out!
Holding auditions for our short film FORGIVEN.
It's feeling like a Cleveland summer right now. Tank top on watching the game life is chillin right now.
When Newt blasts "elite media," I think of all the good reporters I know, working holidays, long hrs w/no OT, for less than $50K yr.
Strength and conditioning...
*Gets a text*.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(ツ)/¯
Look for revolution at Beer Heaven starting this weekend!
Wait actually it is Liam and Harry who are the cutest but the others are cute to
Do not trust anyone. Especially your inner circle.
you popped up as a suggestion on twitter. Watched a few of your videos your personality is cute.
You have more leadership potential.
By which I mean the judges seemed to like Michael better personally, not necessarily creatively.
Why is it that old men are always trying to talk to me
Oh I was at the game today. RT : Shall I give away the ending? hahahahaha
Quoting South Sudan minister on role of international community: "Nothing about us without us" Helder da Costa
Congrats to , #userfocus speaker & supporter, on his new company! Welcome
The world has a way of showing us Americans that we have too much unnecessary crap&the things that really matter we take for granted
Like melted plastic? RT: : Is it me, or do all Keurig coffee flavors taste exactly the same?
cute twitcon doe
Future Islands
And a Penalty for you and a Penalty for you and a Penalty for you.
Let's do this one more time.
LMFAO that made me laugh so hard!!!!!! "I will!!"
Ty Cobb.....You have any of his baseball cards???
RT : If you are not following my new bar you should!! Opening soon. Please RT
can u help me when you're done
Heading out for the night
Look, folks. Mitt Romney will respond to the woman saying Obama committed treason once the polling and focus group data comes in.
ps- i am really hoping he isn't on twitter
hey prince i luv u so much
Meeting up with #TeamMARz tomorrow in Seattle. Looking forward to it
#ThatDepressingMoment when u like someone and u find out he doesnt like you
Happy Sunday! :)
Nice! How's your season going so far?
nice to meet you! Looking forward to hearing your thoughts
My dad said he was getting me a new phone!
And then they suck you back in with an amazing digital short.
Time for a midnight snack ! Wide awake . Text ? I'll shoot you the number . Oh yes ;-*
Thank you so much!
Be careful if you look for castings on Craigslist. But, there is money to be made there. I promise.
#thatmomentwhen your up so late and your eyes BURN.
eat some pho you'll feel better :)
ah! Does that exist?!
80's for the ladies
watching James Baldwin debate William Buckley Jr. on the American dream is realized at the expense of the American Negro...
It's all about the football. The rest is just for show
Tell it to them girl!!!!
Is the #Arkansas QB for real? Coach may want to rethink that one.
We have a new server ready - vpn-ds5 OpenVPN SSL server in Washington, D.C. It's available in your customer area now.
COVER TUFF!
Ooh finally a campaign I'm interested in! : TONIGHT: happy hour all night WED: the bentos live THURS:
": ... but she recommended I wait til summer..">>> there's nothing like Chicago in the summer!
That's awesome! We'd love to see pictures of your Teen Section! Hope they enjoy the comfy lounge chairs! :)
I'm pullin an all nighter with , everybody be nice and tweet for everybody to follow mee:)
swear to God just saw an exact replica of Carlos at school. yes Carlos from btr. LOL
VISIT ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM, CHEAPEST FORMS SITE ON WEB, PURCHASE ANY OF MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOKS, SOLD ON AMAZON.COM
#SOTU I am so ready for this. better listen well.
CONGRATULATIONS A&A Board Member Dave Koz on your GRAMMY nomination for Hello Tomorrow in the Best Pop Instrumental Album category!
People may knock some of their facilities, but Hinkle Field House is the coolest gym I have ever been in without question.
Spring break, I am counting down the days until you come.
all this beignet talk is making me hungry
"Have I told you I love you lately?"
The way dancers can move their bodies is so beautiful
Nice stat! RT Carpenter gave up 4 runs in Game 1 of NLDS @ Phila v Holliday. STL came back to win on road 5-4. Maybe reverse script?
can one of u please tell who is spreading rumers about me. i would appreciate it.
here's to the mahomies who became a fan of Austin before 2012.
ya that'll work. I'll meet you at the trail entrance.
April is earth month come and join the events sponsored by veda through out the month of april, visit www.facebook.com/vedasalonspa
R.I.P. Beastie Boy Adam Rauch, age 47 from cancer. Wow, too young!! The Beastie Boys were pioneers in the music industry and on MTV.
Show me a man who calls himself a vegan and I'll show you a man who's trying to sleep with a vegan
They need a campus videographer. PERIOD!
Well this was a very interesting night
for sure, and when I'm not tired and can jump higher than 2 1/2 inches.. 😉Haha you probably think I'm pathetic.😏
All these people talking Bad about ,They aren't real Mahomies!!
yo wtf. not gonna miss me?
Hey Austin! Do you mind following me? I love you handsome! 💜💋
Git r dun RT : Can't sleep so mapping out all the projects #NASCAR entertainment has lined up
don't see why not. Most people just have a thing you mail back.
PR = modeling? lol yes, I've been there too. Hey, when duty calls, it calls. Things you do for clients you love.
rearranged my bedroom to get my feng shui tight for the summer.
Nothing better than make-your-own-waffle day at work
Does K-rod accepting basically eliminate the chance of signing Ramirez?
5-10 nl is about to get off here we go
I just caught the end of it, but used the dvr to freeze on you!It may have been for cw twincities or metromix!Eitherway cool
“: Just be honest with me thats all that matters to me”
Answer to #pinkberry equation: everyone's order is wrong
On the way to the Fort to shoot a live broadcast of the Komets game tonight!
ok cool
See!this is what im talking bout!All good movies coming on tv today!..whohoooooooooo
Sounds like you did it right!
Methodists close to coming home
:happy b day
just saw this now haha
you can see them all on our upcoming 2012 calendar, "The Accordionists of NOW Ensemble".
I'm bouta cook
ohh I'm in the hunt for good rose as well. Blogging about it on my personal blog this month let's do it together
Ty Lawson is just unbelievably fast.
At least the UNM Lobos lost to a final four team. Congrats Louisville.
I hate not being able to remember what happened.
4. My creative self had become way more motivated. It's only a matter of time ....
u know sometimes I wish that had Navigation (GPS a.k.a. Garmin) 4 ur life, but I guess that's the beauty of it...not knowin where it'll lead
Thank you for watching it Lauren! Hope it didn't scare you too badly :) You have a great voice by the way!
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them. – Phyllis Battome
welcome new #followers! Look forward to connecting!
RT : Great dining experiences are about living in the moment not documenting for archival use. U miss the sensuality of it
sure thing! How soon is soon?
Went to the south miami arts fest today! I got 3 new pieces of jewlery!!!
Some of the best songs out there haven't even been recorded yet. Another reason to attend live performances.
lol I know
then its time to give some clothes away as my father tells me.
"Bomb shell much?" Hahahaha I love you(:
I know, i took a nap once waiting.
Thanks <3 RT : Good luck to my booboo with her job this morning. Go guuuuurl.
PickUpLine: Take off that dress and screw my brains out PLEASE
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by They're playing with The Bravery and Panic! At the Disco on Sunday! Stoked!
... wait, so now #pinterest has apps? (I can't keep up, yo.)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
hey Alfredo. i want too be a video editor. any advice. I want too go too college for it too.
Its chilly in Miami this morning, this ain't right!
dude. you rock. thank u fur diggin the digs!
Hey bro, check out my teaser for my new film www.indiegog.com/afterthefall can you rt?
Followed Back ! (:
Supporting the holistic health community and promoting pathways to wellness
Fancy choreography, Big Time Rush.
I got snapbacks n tattoos i bet that will make yo biych choose
I've kind of been playing Draw Something nonstop ;) do you have it?
Shall we meet tomorrow? Julian Andronic from mentioned me and it will be great to meet...
They better wake up.
Glad you like it. I am still using for work stuff.
Good times last night but this morning not so much
Dear Internet, I have just acquired #Fables volume 16. See you in a few hours. Love, Sandra
Welcome =) Thank u for following back :D
RT : It's not too late to join the conversation on scholarships #campuschat with
Applications of Symmetry in Mathematics, Physics &amp; Chemistry ...
feeling the adrenaline rush and i aint even there yet! ;o
Aubrey got you bamboozled
Selish move by Rondo. Who chest bumps a ref? Com'on son!
Power is off at work..lol no air conditioning!!😒
Food is art, right?
Drank + Flower: A winning combination
congrats...mini-Mando is here!
Gonna sleep in my Rockstar crop top. Best buy from Rockstar so far (hehe it was on sale!!!) Have to wake up by 6!!!!.
i know it's not your exclusive right to decide who receives what benefit. drs. and regulators do. thankfully.
Usher, 'SiriusXM Town Hall': Singer Will Meet Fans to Discuss 'Looking 4 Myself' Album
Five 3 and outs for LSU???????? Not looking good for
getting ready to walk down to the water and hop on the boat to victoria bc. molson awaits. o canada.
#thatawkwardmoment when getting gas for $3.99 is a good thing.
#FF #ComicVine is an unbelievable resource!
yea I'd say at least 35-40 stuck through to the after party.
Damn will this shit let up though??
got your email. Thanks, Kima. I'm going to dive into a lot deeper when I get home. You raise some good points...
bio is Tuesday. But that works.
Yes! I love it AND it drives me crazy :). Good = I can take the guy anywhere. Bad = he always fills our social calendar!
Chevy Chase Ballroom is going PINK for October!!!!!!!!
Love How The Type Of Guy Who Isn't Afraid To Hang Out w / his fam ! (:
Left side, why hath you forsaken me?
is this a blended course?
Can't believe May is over! The summer is going to go by too fast
had a lot of fun building a #SWE electronic circuit with my nephew - his interest in engineering is growing!
RIP Dick Clark
Got off my tush for 2 things yesterday: 1. Carls jr. 2. Astroburger. Let's hope today serves more of a function.
it's not true that you guys are gonna be "the brooke" right? I like Niall & the potatoes better!
YOLO is not excuse to be a slut.
Congrats to and for their grammy nomination on Lupe Fiasco's 'Show Goes On'!!! SYMPHONY CRACK TAKEOVER!
One of my all-time favorite Classic Rock songs!! Fuck yeah!
love idea! after spending a day w/Rebellion Papers microfilm, I'm all about crowd sourced transcription
Our most fundamental needsfor love, understanding, encouragement, supportpermeate every cell.
No hair, no flair.
,I'm upset about all of this Louannah stuff too. Trend #WeLoveEleanor ... :D
HA! I know my BF has zero use for instruction booklets (in his mind) and would probably not even notice it!
lol we got like 6 kind of crandys over here lol how many lick till tha splash :)
Happy Easter!
": Blessed #2See Another Day..."
I don't normally answer ?s like this but... There is no Roman numeral zero. Weird huh?
what you got i need a lot so i can't let ya go
Could u say LKSV mission 3 passed??
Wow... "move it like a cyclone!"
work'n on some new stuff!!! mak'n it happ'n++++watch out world!! Brandon is on his way to the TOP!!!
I hate that woman she also uses 42 expired coupons.
Why do track meets have to last so long? I'm Soo hungry I could an elephant
We hope that you're all enjoying Thanksgiving and able to spend time with your family and friends! Don't forget to get some beauty rest!
Florida's First Source for Divorce Law Info www.thefloridadivorceblog.com
word my friend.
Tell me you two got on the Tennis ? Peng breezed in 2 sets winning easy. Thats one heck of a start :)
Yoga, Pilates, strength training, done. Funny how it gets easier and easier the more you stick with it. The hour flies by.
why are you speaking when no one asked you?
ATL airport...no mans land. Rocking out in the dirty dirty waiting for this jet.
Come on only 6 more people for me to get 100 followers help a brotha out people
"Girlfriend" by Matthew Sweet. Aw, yeah.
I just successfully memorized every word to "Like a Boss"
You are loved.
RIP Miranda. you will be missed dearly... :(
Oh, interesting! I am going to be at seder full of labor historians tonight & will ask, also for advice on what to do.
Hambone has been playin balls off the wall like a CHAMP tonight! Wow. Its like he lives in Fenway with that gundown at 2nd.
I still want to come over and check out the studio! Maybe I can get to have me over for a visit with you guys...
Our neighborhood community market starts today...it's so cute! Go Petworth!
was just commenting on your percocet tweet :) Ion Auth handled a full day of YouTube traffic for a Universal Studio website!
I never actually stayed up to watch "tape delayed" games. Always fell asleep but remember well
that a beautiful car god bless it
i knew dominique ass was gon tweet me a number lol
absolutely unbelievable turn of momentum...playoff hockey is wild.
Right?! Ah, so sad!
the guy gets more action on your wall than on the ice
Thanks for visiting #Windows8STC & #ImagineCup Germany in Berlin this week! :)
i think you should get a cat for teets
Yeah agreed she was nice but not as good as the others but i do believe that both of the others will get out there
When I was 2, I would walk into a McDonald's and speak to every person before I left. Nothing has changed since 1992.
WHAT my phone been acting up sorry
- .... How to put it back it myself now. Big Bear drs. are good that way. Showed me how last year... So, you Homebrew?
yes is nasty he's on tweet deck
You're welcome. I bought a package of lady bugs once, to eat our aphid infestation. After I set them loose, they flew away.
RT : Looking for an early morning running buddy in Bloomington. Beginners only. Fatties welcome.
happy birthday bro
Gah. I'm short a conclusion still and then need to edit down for time. Also, PowerPoint.
Picked up some Capital Supper Club...less than two weeks left in Wisconsin. Do they even have good beer in illinois?
Omg how gorg are you?! Rebel just pops on our skin tones!
hey I am a massive fan of you and 1D. It would make my day if you followed me back. :-)
Agreed. I couldn't watch Full House this morning as I got ready, which threw my day all sorts of off.
Taking my last final then sleeping
You can tell who the junior anchor us, because she's the one who has to hold the microphone in these tandem interviews.
Cute couples >>>
Nice defense BigBlue!
“ shut up”< Uggghhh
how are you
I dislike when people stand in the way of things that could be really fun and successful. What a shame.
what's this what the hell?
#Mets2012ThreeWordSlogans Casey Rolling Over
In the end it really does end like this . But what can I say . Lifes not always a fairytale .
Dietrich Bonhoeffer - paraphrased thought from "The Cost of Discipleship": "The disobedient cannot believe; only the obedient believe."
thanks for reaching out! It's for 1 trip so bring a friend, is
Softball was Mad Funny Lmaooo
Girl, where'd you get that weave?
Discover PEACE in the still points all around.
wat did you here?
Samsung Galaxy S3 leaked photos roundup
make it official. I have seen MANY fake Demi's on tumblr. It's disgusting how some people have no lives.
speeding. blasting del Rey on the highway
Home loving this weather!
$3.15 for a club soda and lime? How much would the Marriott charge for the lime alone?
I remember the first time I threw a baseball...
To test a theory of mine, I ran a bath. And put the cat in it... nothing. She's chill. Oh my god, what monster have I created??
-Do you want to feature your pieces for this video doll? Email me! xox
Landed new job while volunteering Part luck, part great Boston network support, part creating serendipity cc
yep yep
nutting being lazy like always
It's been a while since I posted something here . . . What should I say?
Watching the #GOP Presidential Debate from the campaign office. Thoughts on the candidates?
Have to root for SF instead of Giants...go Vernon Davis!
Hey Jonathan, thanks for the follow, hope all is well @ the Raiders!
Just kidding couldn't even make it that much longer. Night twitter
#rde12 many thanks to , Ali, Mike, and Carlos for a great panel
I really hope all the guards stay as dry as possible out in Dayton today.
does marriage mean children?
Cheers Ben! :)
So neighbor complains abt the 90 seconds twice a day my dog may bark but I have to listen to your baby scream all night? : /
Friends, tonight 6:15 Let the practice love u up!
a great local non-profit helping our kids.
hm, could I get dismissed for tweeting that I have jury duty?
next week then...
Super happy to have internet and cable up and running at my new place in Vegas, let's rock on! :)
Love the hard work by monta and the sweet alley-oop to Jennings.
"You can conquer almost any fear if you will make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind."...
2012 is the year The Orphanz will be on the map... Orphanz baby!™
Fail to the victors
And if you lean a bit to far back in the chair, the cerebellum is also safe. Helmets for office folk? I vote yes.
Happy Mother's Day to that special woman that lets me claim her baby on my taxes
Omg had a great fucking night!!! I was hanging with , , , and
Eat 5-6 meals a day with healthy food and high protein fruit shakes in between meals to get your metabolism working
agreed. by definition news stories have to be sensational or provocative even at the expense of misinterpretations
follow I support positive people like this.
“: Do the rolling stones have real hair? There is a serious argument happening over this.” // Seriously though! Anyone know?
Awesome! I recently bought Vegan Is Love and some cloth napkins thru yours. :)
It's going great so far! Things will get super intense starting next month. You? RT HEY! How's tri training going?
Busiest antiques and collectors market today at Newark Market Place...for 2 years!!!:)
I am so bored and tired. Well talking to this really cute guy named Jeff! lol I like him c: I just don't think we would happen... Ope.
THERE'S A BAGPIPE GUY ON THE ROBERTO CLEMENTE BRIDGE OMFG
#INSIDETHENBA is my favorite sports show period... They have way to much fun...
Damn this chick fell on her booty lmao
Hey I heard you were a wild one, Oh, If I took you home It'd be a home run. Show me how you'll do
This taco fye
lol should be chiming in any minute now
Haha yeah I know I saw that earlier...that's cool
ill get it to you monday
say hello to at Shelf Life! She's a real sweetheart :)
Cheer moms are crazy
Great lectures by ,
Twitter has turned me into a follower & not a leader
y u mad at me
oh i still cant... Theyre still empty boxes hahah i can only see mine
I totally expect that this is what you're going to do with your time in Santa Fe
austin. if i made you a video on youtube and sent you the link.. would you watch it? if you would please follow me! <3 nbd <33
At this point in my life I need to just accept that ill never be happy.
He was (very) busy trying to convert French men & women to a belief system that prohibits enjoying wine, coffee & cigarettes.
the problem is how they treat meat.Cows shouldn't eat cows. It's that simple, yet they make you feel stupid for saying it
lol u probably should, I don't won't u telling me yo mama got in that ass lmao
There's the traditional consumer, the digital consumer & the connected consumer. The last one is YOUR market says at
ironic Poole is transferring to play for a coach who has built a reputation for neither recognizing nor developing talent
Hope you guys got some good stuff! thanks for choosing the giant
Why doesnt ever account for the fact that Lebron has brought about all the criticism of his game b/c of his personality.
Unknown~ Most people rust out due to lack of challenge. Few people rust out due to overuse.
no way
Not true. This is the first year I've won after 10 years as league commissioner.
Am I really no longer able to use Spotify after 48 hours?
Why am I waiting??
girslgames1 is converting like crazy....especially when you can get all 8 ads at once!
Resource size can also vary wildly. Is it pragmatic to nest a 2kb resource? Definitely! A 500kb one? Probably not.
I am well. Thanks! Have a great day.
I think I have a key to unlock it! LOL All seriousness, you need to ease up on workouts & do good full stretches before u start
You dont take a hoe out for dinner
Welcome to EFG. We are happy to be working with you!
I need more coffee . . . grrrr. stay away world!
oh-so helpful! thanks!
I understand. They just put the whole show on Netflix so I'll probably end up watching it.
ALL HOCKEY FANS..JOIN US BEFORE & AFTER THE GAME... BISTRO...JUST LOOK FOR THE BLUE LIGHTS!
Well, think the wifi would suffice for most people. AT&T 3G service really is pathetic in most places. Least for me it is.
is so beautiful <3
Should I buy a book about the Venezuelan beer industry and its memorablia?
Sounds like a jolly-good time. xDD
Feeling so inspired by these people
See a plastic bag flapping in a tree in Midtown? Let us know and our Green Team will snatch it!
It was so great to see you tonight looking forward to staying connected
While I watch everyone cry about the Beach House party at Waterloo, I am silently ordering a Soulsavers LP SIGNED by Dave Gahan...
WOW....lots of work there. Looking very good.
Once my dad and I ran over a bunny when I was 7. When I looked back, I saw it flop over in the road :'( it still haunts me!
Visit the Ford booth at the World Ag Expo next week!: Event: World AG Expo Date: February 8-10, 2011 Location: 4450 South Laspina Street,…
#ifonlyicould Turn back time and tell myself what I know now.
RT : This is a great day for Moroch. Thrilled about our new partnership with McDonald’s New York Metro co-op. More to come.
#StillForeverAlone. Happy New Year. Hope 2012's a good one :)
I hope you have a great birthday <333
"HIP-HOP STARTED OUT IN DA PARK"
New merchandise in the store, means new merchandising!
another morning with
Reading abt "art fair" trend in art market as if it is game changer. Real change wld be a grand fair hosted by artists, not their dealers.
Man I would hate having a vagina..
That didn't work at all. Is thing on?
Hello weekend!
I think i would very much hanging out with Wiz Khalifa. Minus the weed.
I love how people changed their twitter name to Vegemite, yet Niall hated Vegemite.
have post it notes all over my mirror to remind myself to pack all my stuff tomorrow morning
Comfort Inn & Suites Downtown Vancouver presented APEX award for best Remodel /renovation.
Thanks for the follow!!
still a to for Kobe
Thanks for the follow!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 45
JOIN US ~ New color photography exhibition by Pete McCutchen opening TODAY from 6-8:30pm! Come check it out!
Sitting here listening to Michael Jackson, doing my work ^_^ In my happy place
Vin, class was AMAZING! great teacher! Good dancing! Thank you so much.!
Very much appreciate it. Thanks!
I say all the classes go on strike because the pep rally #SUCKED. I couldn't even get hype...
ight...cuz u know how crazy we can get lmao
:D y u reading my tweets about my gf doe? (j
John Hughes would read Mitt's bio and be all "that's a little over the top." Maybe don't call it "Cranbrook"? No car elevator?
I'm tired of fighting, I want to be fought for. I'm tired of caring, I want to be cared for. I'm tired of being just me, I wanna be yours.
ALways looking for the next gadget Celebrate the Holiday Season with Snapily’s Line of Customizable 3D and 2D Flip Animated Products NE
Saw The Bird, saw Denny Mclain win 30 and 31. Bill Freehan thrown out in top of 1st for arguing a call of...
It would behoove school officials to think before they ignore a student's cry for help.
There's a restaurant in Beverly Hills called that. Genius.
your album is amazing I love it to much! My mom even asked me to give her a copy of it! Love you ! RT 1 IN 14MILLION GURLS ...
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
Bitch I juss woke up!! I was bout to tell you about the damn shit but since you wanna talk shit ill keep it to myself.
have a blast!
Welcome to Kentucky!
You got to take a pic in it before Halloween! lol
And.... You're right.
please stop blaming Obama 4 EVERYTHING....
Never argue with a women when she's tired, or rested.
I know that feeling. Good question though.
lol that made my day.
frames logged is the worst. And I do it too sometimes. Who the hell says that in reality
This week marks 2 years as a consultant for WOW. Time flies when you are having fun ;)
LOL! Y do u think his wife is sending out prayer chains? He knows what he's up against.
Man why she over there lookin how she lookin
that's you !
love the shirt!
Are you making daily cash? 2% daily Invest what u want
You’re always there, you’re everywhere but right I wish you were here♥
bad horse? Please, all the other horses need shot. WHO DO YOU SUPPORT? for information #NOT or
Scanjose.org should be storytelling rather than simply technology or even usability. Could he be saying it is an art?
crazy lils is hiring a bouncer and yosh asked that you apply.
I'll report back tmrw bout the funny mid-show cop run in
My resume will be a reflection of my dreams soon enough.
Ah, almost forgot its thursday. The newest member of Androgentics will be annouced (^_^!)
and the unfollowers begin :P
gosh I love you bowers
I agree but I would be disappointed if I was told "HighRes Available for download" and got a 2100 pixel jpeg. Would others?
proud to know you. I would have done the same.
#HighBloodPressure Diet for Lowering Cholesterol : Soy Beats Low -Fat Diet for Lowering Cholesterol : Soy Beats Low -Fat
It's 5am where I am! I'm guessing you're from England or something? :p
I did - but got discouraged by the reg fee. Scholarships you say....
Anjelica Huston saying "Oh, wonderful" means good things CAN come from bad.
To do list get .....a sword ...name it kindness... kill people with kindness >:)
what? Lambert won the UCL in a brilliant Dortmund team, was a marvel at Celtic and done wonders with Norwich.
TONIGHT...After Wednesdays After the Square...It's Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street...9:30p...see you there!
Its easy 2get overwhelmed in 2days world, just remember nobody's better than u, n your not better than no 1 else, were all = in gods eye!
True! (less cancer too)
pssh, Bojangles will see that and raise you all-day chicken smell plus a side of early-onset diabetes
Er...I mean YEAH! We weren't going to apply, anyway! Change like that would be awful! Hardly a surprise! think of the travel times!
Thanks for including our story! Moms R Us looks like a great resource for parents!
Lmao and smh at Cynthia not to gettin her husband nothin from Africa. Shame.
you go Stephanie!(:
do have to make an appointment now?
keep up all the good work you the man hear in the Land
Single biggest disruption – discovery of ebooks. There’s an “infinite amount of clutter” (parallel universe?) ereading survey panel
anytime boo
Why is it that no plastic garbage bag will open from the end you first try?
Rekindling old friendships feels nice n_________n
I'd love to see a true bracket buster. No matter conference, but take all bubble teams and pit them against each other.
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
Bonus takeaway from preso: Don't lose your childlike awe. There's magic and inspiration in watching the big trucks
Logophiles rejoice! Dictionary of American Regional English (DARE) tweeting word a day. Follow
Yes! To Cookies was a big hit at the Austin American Diabetes Association (ADA) Walk on Saturday. A LOT of people liked the cookies!
always a pleasure fam!
Sol for me! Call me!
im glad i just saw this...im guessing this was rebecca??? ;p
I hate being depressed. It's like, I can't get out of this funk. Fml. Fml. Fml. </3
Did you know Dick Clark? Sometimes he had 5 dogs at a time! Rest in Peace to a dog lover extraordinaire. Via
I think I'm meant to be single forreal. Less drama & less stress
I have have faith that both and can make some amazing crafts!
Hey Scooter, heard this crazy rumor......your really following people now, is it true, I just have to #BELIEVE SWAG
Why don't satanic warlocks ever appear on televison to exhort unbelievers to donate money to fight God?
lyndyf13 on the hip? Lower back? Ankles? Ya know.. Between the cheeks? Haha
have a blast in Chisinau! I would suggest NOT taking a bus through Transnistria like I did last time....
OH dont let me forget ellen!
I am feeling like a whiny 2 year old and yes I did just act like one.
so sweet!
whats it like to play Sam again in 2012?
could you please go follow !
It's common sense that just because you follow my tweets,doesn't mean you know shit about my life right?
put it back in the hat!
hahahaha :-) its true!!!! I am technology illiterate lol
these people are too old fashioned for me….
yay to both. I'll let ya know if I come into $1000 anytime soon.
Bout to get this board out the shop this week...u niggas have no idea as to what is about to happen.......
if this is your daughter's dream then she should pursue it & if you can support her and be there 100% of the time, better.
Why is everyone sampling guitar riffs like its hot? We're getting so far from real music it's sickening
Get out of here with that nonsense! It's all about ME :)
thank you!
Wow I just discovered that allows you to find eco-friendly hotels in which to stay. Love it!
#Jenzabar and #Photoshop are my two most-used programs. Can anyone else say the same? Man, I love my job :)
what's up dude?
thank you!! xoxo
If old people driving were a face I'd punch it.
You can follow my personal.. ... My name is Rebecca... obviously
OH iight we were there for a minute my bad what are you talking about?
Who does Congress think this nation is? China?
#NSMN panel: work stoppage language part of every #NFL #NBA partner agreement
Thank you so much for the free gift! :)
if you or the mrs. have any questions about #crew96 tickets, give us a call to work something out! 614-447-2739
.: “The goal that I set, to defeat Al Qaeda and deny it a chance to rebuild, is now within our reach.”
anonymity is only a problem in the absence of credibility...and the UT had the same story also.
Based on tonite's #Idol, wondering what it would be like if league commissioners got a save on MVP votes.
Wow. All I can say is brilliant. RT : Food idea of the day: a guy selling bagels on the 520 onramp. Traffic blows.
Wow let's get greedy and sweep these turds.
I don't think of you as a crush anymore... you're more like a bad habit that I can't shake.
I snuck away from the party to watch the #capsbruins OT
I can't seem to believe that I have class tomorrow. This does not bode well.
This girl really needs to fix her attitude
thanks for the follow :)
they were super backed up and usually take an hour anyway. Sorry about that! Hope it was still delicious?
It was a lot easier being anti-charter schools when I wasn't comparing schools for my own son.
Try Texas
Two more! I can make it!
#oomf kinda makes me sick to my stomach...I hope he knows that.
Only two words need to be on that mug, "Bite Me"
I woke up disappointed the broken elevator means I can't complete my hour ride to Brooklyn... No biking makes me antsy! (Also, I'm crazy.)
Wish I was there. I missed you guy's by like 20 days. It is so beautiful there and now that you're there it is a true paradise.
We need this game tonight, show what y'all can do. Go Bulls!!!
i know! its been wayy to long, and not much just working and writing =] how about you?!
wants to talk to my boyfriend..i've barely talked to him all day. :(
shat up u idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i bet u think ur a psoitive role model?
