Lakelaw is recruiting for bankruptcy and mortgage foreclosure paralegals
I love books! I want to be buried with them! There, I said it. I know they kill trees and take up space, but I LOVE BOOKS!
I love you. More than anything. 💘💜
People are still asking where they can find things. Go to
Dont Wanna Do That , Cause If I Do , It Wont Ever The Same .
So this #summer I'm taking over a few classes to get my #GPA higher . Need to get in a good college. :) <3
o lol it's fine it didn't bother me.
Halftime at the Hormets game--they're about to have a baby crawl race. I'm nervous...lol
Creating a comic book outta video stills then animating them is not as easy as some think. I see why my associates in LA get the big bucks.
Probs the last weekend in March. We should go to dinner with Amish you betches.
I'm taking good care of me.
I really wish would wake up/answer her phone/come home and let me into my house. All I want is my bed.
New username, same old me; no longer retweeting to my company site, I can blow off steam here and not sully the company image. Ahem.
Time to hop on my trusty rusty steed and get home before the skies open upon me.
Schaefer & Barton lose game two 9-15, we are going to an 11 pt tiebreaker tied one game apiece..
#onceuponatime I use to give fuck what my dad said. Times have changed.
Lazy Sunday...just doin' stuff on the 'puter and watching the NFL playoffs. Waiting for my Steelers game to start! How is urs?
Hahaha, oh wow. I hope you tweet a bit of it! Sounds like an interesting time.
I'm really not in the mood so .
im just waiting for jersey shore to start
we take interns for college credit
we have everything you need to fill your basket, in fact the Easter Bunny has a key to the shoppe!
I love your posts, I look forward to them for a good laugh. Thanks for that! :)
Little farewelled at Opera House - Sky News Australia
Lol @ these fans trying to ice ...win as a team lose as a team, motto of any sport. NY fans are moody and emotional
Check out my new sign out front of the Belvedere! Holla!
Well one thing Republicans and Democrats seem to agree on. Neither like Mitt Romney.
TALK TO U AN THE AM I NEED SOME SLEEP
Great name!
lost ya dam mind lol. Fall back sir I don't want you
haha makin new friends every day!
Ah...just love to wake up and see this every Friday.... "Your 5LINX Card has been loaded!" Love it!
love it!!
I got the htc phone
Bruce =amazing Love him more today than seeing him in 1975!!!!
love sublime :)
that 86 championship squad killed it. on and off the field. plus they had da hyns el sid and ron darling.
Trouble with your ride? Check out our #appoftheday ...
He's digging himself into a hole!
Wow ... incredible to see it in action
Thank you for the MT
Listening to some LMFAO
I'M BACK
“ MVP rankings: LeBron, Durant, Rose, Kobe, CP3, Tony Parker, & Iguodala. Who gets YOUR vote?" or
Manchester city. Wow
RT : Watching #toughlove is the man. I see Danielle is a natural comedian
okaay! its fine :)
whats up love
Disenchanting how the American standard has wholly, irreparably changed from "pursuit of happiness" to "pursuit of not being miserable."
Suggestions for Intermediate PHP/Javascript textbooks?
Sometimes I wish I was a more menacing person so people wouldn't constantly run into me and mess with me.
Overall this is a good half for the #Knicks! We have to keep this up and build on the lead in the 3rd quarter!
RT : Happy Birthday We hope you have a wonderful day!
What's on the menu for lunch today?
Thanks for all you do, my good friend!
you can support the cmc just by coming and drinking beer too! :)
Ride a hot air balloon is next up on my list!
If you don’t think the product is good, you have no business to be advertising it
NY NY NY NY NY NY NY next weekend!!!
women currently battling Ovarian Cancer!
Been a while since someone's ordered a chip butty. Nice work
Long night.. Headed to prayer.. I NEED it!
you have me(:
i think your work CC, places you square in the middle of it
Get your #HAIR ready for #Spring ! Free Deep Conditioning Treatment when you book a color service! (702)588-8456
hurray!!! Curious to see results :)... R they 4 someone special? ;)
If this chicago 1D signing doesn't happen, I will personally rip your ears off, and shove them down your throat
LMFAO. THE FACT AM TWEETING MB RANDOM LYRICS MUAHAHAHA >:D
Thanks, Alan. Thomas had a big influence on Salmond's politics. (Salmond is SNP.) Who says poetry can't change the world?
It's like that argument "Big Government helps Big Business therefore the free market is bad"
Had a wonderful evening with learning more about the life and work of artist Jan Yoors.
I wld, but there w/ u“: Call me lame, but I can't wait to watch the season finale of # #goldrush tonight!! Hit 100 ounces!”
its in rotatuon in the club hittin
Fuck!!! I for got to sell my books back!!
Yes...in the Union Station Annex.
Feel inspired! RT : Life is 10% of what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. Charles Swindoll
I feel sorry for people who let the devil use them seriously.
Neither is Deidre she just goes to sleep.
I liked my boyfriends ex girlfriend better when she was gay
Debix's Davis laments "old standbys" of passwords and challenge questions; transitions to move towards Multifactor Authentication
I'm not trying to just pointing out the obvious lol.
Just met my 3 little cousins and i love all of them! especially the little one she so cute! and i help my little cousin with her homework
My life is suddenly amazing!!! :) yay me so happy all the time now!!
Coroner says British secret service worker was probably 'killed unlawfully' - Los Angeles Times
Your brand is so much bigger than your book says
"I'm capable of really anything".
Still can't print the free tickets!! I want it so BAD!
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 14 should be out in the next few weeks...
Love life = -0. Maybe I'll just become a nun.
#fwmmmm RT : I got OKC in the finals, just how I got ASU in the swac
Fantastic job sticking to your guns and getting the story straight about the Bob Costas interview and carrying Jill
Remember when stalkers used to be called secret admires...
When you design products, remember that "people like to be pilots not passengers"
so i'm not gettin a fuckin dog ? woo.
In Tennessee now :) It's absolutely beautiful here <3
Be ready to discuss it.
Fun night :D
Ba hahaha...Gangster
TONIGHT CHECK OUT DJ BIG MIKE @ MEADOW MUFFINS! *FREE COVER* AGES 21+ LIVE BAND IN FRONT BAR! 2432 W Colorado Ave
You will find a box with 12 shiny pieces of treasure... at a liquor store... might say "Horny Goat" on the side...
Who is your favorite person to follow on Twitter?
She was undeniably, unashamedly Glorifying God! Bless her Father! U go Anna!
Now I am craving egg salad!
I assume it's waht you went through, or something similar
#SometimesAllAGirlWants for you to say yes.... All the time!
No she didn't. How did that happen?
Prairie Home Companion is such a gift. Closed this morning w Danny Boy. I miss my Grandpa Kelly & Momma Linda O so very much this morning.
Don't be afraid to take an unfamiliar path, sometimes they're the ones that take you to the best places.
turn that frown upside down. It will get better
k hahaha or should we tell niko?????
I got your new album its AMAZING! Can;t wait till' next Saturday for your show in Lancaster PA (: its gonna be great !
Thank you for following!
How bout dem o's.
will be in NY for the next week, FYI.
When you don't text me <<<<<
I can predict the weather. If I'm supposed to get a package delivered, it will rain.
thx! I'm working on making it that way :)
Seems like MTV is moments away from just using people’s vacation footage as television programming
Can I get everyone to take a picture of themselves with a sign that says something about peer pressure. If you do it I will give you my info
Hungry & excited!
Make your reservation for the best new restaurant in #LA Message me to make reservations for your special occasion
I have an idea for a new location-based app. Contact me if you have expertise.
i fucking love him*-*♥
looks good. Let's chat. Email me at .
think it's sad that Britton Rd would be closed!
Just checked into #Paris in Vegas. No snow here!
was looking around for you when I left to say goodbye but couldn't find you. So many folks there, which is awesome!
No luck on the Green Day tickets. Clicked "buy" at noon on the dot, already sold out. Hrmph.
Domnick got two promotions!!! Way to go babe!
Thank you 2 the woman who donated bike cart/items 2 the homeless man I met who rescues cats. he said it saved his life-u r awesome!
Saying I love you in texts form is soo much easyer than saying it in person!
Finally got that album. I can't stop listening to it in the car! #Guiltyfilthysoul is stuck in my head!
I just told my friends I would even just like to go to the airport just to imagine I am going somewhere!!
Ontario coast is live at #sbix. We are giving you the bird
I have a whole (small) drawer of tickets, tags etc. I'll use them to decorate my shop someday!
and BRENDAN BENSON and JACK WHITE both have new albums out today. There IS a Musical God and She loves us!
Ima give more info tomorrow.
chilling watching a movie wen y'all gone get us fucked up or high ass hell LIL BOOTY:-) :-)
omg did I really just do that?!
Thank you! RT : I was in the U district but I've added you to my Seattle lunch spots!
Good morning my luvs...be grateful for being able to see another day bcuz someone wasn't as fortuna..use it wisely...enjoy!.
#about to leave for an #audition!! break a leg to me! come on!!!!
John Shirley~ Weekends are a bit like rainbows they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them.
Watch out you don't get lectured by Frances McDormand, yo.
ahh i feel like this too!! RT “: Am I the only one who is not bothered about the Olympics!?”
Are there any faithful men located in the Metro Atlanta area ?
I hear ya brotha!!! Still coming in June? Hope so...
Thats good an mine went good as well :) “: it turned out pretty good actually. How was yours”
She'd be an AMAZING guest on any smart, classy show. Which yours is.
People from TV shows & movies have perfect skin! not one hair, cut, or bruise on their legs or arms! WTF
Dove Peppermint Bark! YUMMY! :)
Oh! My Mother & Father did-It was that or going to the movies. There wasn't much else to do other than listening to the radio
thank you, I'll actually be 25, I just wish I was 16, again.
Nice double for Rolen. I really wish he could get going...
you know it!!!
Sorry I didnt see your message earlier. We plan on announcing the winner when we get 500 likes. Might be earlier though
Murray asks for a transit plan. Doesn't know that Rasmussen has been trying to prevent funding of just that?
Cracking eggs of knowledge at Bodine Highschool
with you hosting SNL I finally have some faith that it will actually be a funny this season.
just won a donut from the #TimHortons coffee cup roll up contest
one of my fav quotes is: find out who you are, then be yourself on purpose
IU's Straight No Chaser's concert July 17th at 5:30pm. Tickets on sale now at the Box Office open Tues.-Fri. 9-5 or available online.
Thanks!! RT : Nice plan! (~: AND I like the book cover!
Dont trust anybody, life is safer that way.
GL to my JOMO from another mother and his Wolverines today vs Ohio.
Ted Greene was something!! Known for his solo guitar. Ed Bickert can comp! I hope to have another CD soon with jazz vox
Seeking a #AIX Admin for a contract opp. #Cisco experience a plus. Contact me at .
ain't no party like a liz lemon party 'cause a liz lemon party is mandatory.
I figure practice puts your brains in your muscles. -Sam Snead
I really wish I could see Austin in concert. But I know someday I'll be able to.
RT : Only about 30 tickets left for tonight's show with Salsa Con Jazz! Reserve yours now at www.twofivejazztalk.com
Our CURRY brightens up rainy days like today...see ya soon!!!
want to do a one Direction bacjground for mee?(:
The new teaser trailer for “Anchorman 2" will appear exclusively on "The Dictator," beginning at midnight tomorrow.
damn you thick you should hit me up
It's an app, right? (OK, just asking that makes me feel OldOldOld. I do know what apps are ;) )
Home & ready for bed. Goodnight!
love the jokes. Msg me. Would love to see u in Dallas.
Cool review! Thanks for sending this to me. Did you write it?
oh that's awesome!!
Had a great time building with my man !
Um, what's the other 58%? Or maybe I don't want to know ...
I remember saying that I wanted 300 followers before May 2nd. I have 500 followers before May 2nd.. Wow! :') so happy I could cry!!
tweet some pics of this duck lol...
Greece triggered CDS... but we're still here!
Shut the up fuck up before I embarrass u!!
always treat your woman like a lady. never get too old to call her baby. never let your praying knees get lazy & love like crazy <3
RT : Please tweet w/ #cunydhi hashtag any questions you have for Doug Armato on the future of scholarly publishing (cc )
Welcome newest raven Ryan Mcbean
To all kickstarter donators and preorders: Everything will be shipped out tomorrow! Fret not, it won't be too much longer
Wasn't a bad first period for Kreider -- he didn't stand out for anything negative, so I'll take it
I'm not even watching anymore, this is straight up UFC.
Wisconsin wins again! #HappyCowsComeFromWisconsin RT : Case of mad cow disease confirmed in California.
Congrats to Mario Gutierrez, #yvr and I'll Have Another on Derby win!
Laptopping at Einstein Bros in Arlington before picking up LO from daycare. Methinks this will be a good writing spot for
Just signed up our first group of runners for Jingle Bell 5K!
Whoa, haven't tweeted in two days. I have been insanely busy which is good but so tiring.
Looks like not many are thinking about older shows. I Love Lucy deserves a vote.
Another day another dolla!
dear god stop!!!
Dentist appointment tomorrow. This means I've got six months' worth of flossing to catch up on.
Shout out to all of my new followers!!!!!
Do you follow international developments? How much involved are you?
Go to church come home get drunk i love sundays.
No excuses for shoplifting, still you shouldn't shut down Starbucks for a coffee drinker in a stolen Shirt.
4-8" snow still on par for much of immediate WI area Mon PM-Tues PM. Watching increasing prospects of blowing and drifting for Tues PM.
hahaha! Soon you will! We will be on tour soon!
wow so was Chrissy really hating on Yandy ??wanted her not in her lime ligh & off the showt
I could see Hart moving there to get Aoki & Gomez into the lineup more consistently. "cute" enough?
Tuesday gossip roundup: Zoe Saldana wants bigger boobs - Metro.us
WHat do you want to be when you grow up? #careerexploration a zookeeper?
Ahh gym class I forgot the key to my locker, where playing basketball... Again yay... Not...Katie I replyed but I guess you didn't get i ...
Foo Fighters! RT : Get excited for the #Grammys this coming Sunday!
girls say suck my dick more than guys do loll
well, I must say, that was a rather disappointing end to our shot at the Bowl
Listen up, #measure folks: says is building a data sciences lab to enable social intelligence
oh you're such a big fat liar. I wish you wouldn't lie so much.
I'm way too excited for this upcoming year..
they're both sexy to me lol
just throw on #thebelt, you'll feel better!
thanks - looking forward to see you!
oh cool did you already know or was it just all rndomly ???o and are yall in houston right now???
What are you writing today?
Thanks so much for sharing, Kimberly. This is such a great campaign - really appreciate your support!
I spent Mothe'rs Day being a grunt laborer... gardening all day, although I did enjoy it, tomorrow I have to use brain again
ill try and get you one!! I miss you!
School is closed next Monday, September 5th, for Labor Day. Classes resume Tuesday - have a great, long weekend!
Vista, San Marcos, Escondido. 10% off any jobs booked for Friday. Call us today.
i ordered a player shirt a couple weeks ago. Its pretty dope.
All I want for Christmas is for you to come with me to on Monday...
Man it ain't nothin to a boss :)
Went to my grandpa's house to celebrate his birthday! :] I'm so tired now.
you wasn't with the right people if you didn't have fun. We had a blast.
John Powell~ The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
George Zimmerman is the son of Retired Virginia State Supreme Court Judge Robert Zimmerman. #Really?
Hm...maybe it's time to put those recurve bows and dusty carbon fiber arrows on ebay...
Been away from twitter but now I'm back
“: I've been obsessed with alanis morisette for 17 years now.” glad you got that off ur chest. Now u can move on in therapy.
why not both? are they seeing anyone? i like attached women cause singles are clingy
so do I it's meeting the Jonas brothers or having them tweet to you.
Ha, is that sarcasm Stef?
You, sir, WIN.
Archie Griffin, Chris Spielman Standouts on All-Time Ohio State Football Team - Bleacher Report
Love my girls night out!
justin!! We are a family and you're welcome oh!! and... #iloveyou :) <3
I did the rted. It would make my day to get a follow! You have always been my favorite!
Specials today: Roasted Tomato and Pesto/ Jowl Browns/ Hoppel Poppel/ Breakfast Pizza/ Mixed Vegetable and Noodles/ Steak Salad
same here
you never told me about them, i already knew about em! haha but they're coming here? :O
If I offered FREE, U.S. Made, Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet tube samples (3-pack) for just the cost of shipping ($4.94), would you try it?
she tagged the wrong person.
you should TOTALLY do it because fans get a chance to vote! And you know peeps!
OMG!!! There was a speed chase on my block!!!! AWESOME!!!
It is.
We love that is never too hot in SF for some hot yoga!
RT if ya ass fell asleep everytime you went to church as a kid
Killer songs guys!
Great tool RT : Mission is to help people easily move offline meetings to online conversations
how u been?
. live from SCOTUS on MSNBC right now
Watching Sweet Home Alabama...I totally would have married Patrick Dempsey. New York or country...I choose New York.
What up! U Can Put Up On That Site Famo
And, yes, I am once again taking on more work than I can shoulder. But no matter how deep I drown, I learn to swim faster.
That's a lot oh Houston Wildcats in DFW uniforms so most o the girls are all H-Town
Check out my new release, TO THOSE WHO WAIT, at www.whiskeycreekpress.com. Scott and Leah are committed to others but they fall in love.
we have 6 long months but we're going to have to take a weekend break for 1D lmfao!
When is mothers day?
Sophia bout to beat my ass. I should make sure I got enough money Lls
when is it?
Thanks for the head's up. Think I'll leave that experiment on the drawing board.
If you're not following: or please do so. Thanks!
I wish I had something better to do than sit here
PARTY: IF YOU GO TO PARKWOOD, Friday night, party at hunters and then nicks. Reefer and booze nigga
missed out on the
The song and, in fact, the whole disc is just gold. Can't believe it wasn't a massive hit.
Our students ROCK! RT "Just finished my walk around/meeting at Mar Vista Middle School for my Compact Advisor job"
Jacoby Ellsbury cannot do all the work! Cowboy up, Red Sox!
awesome gift, congrats!
just telling the truth! my friend realized that i was right after initially laughing
still. tornado?
Chats keep going in the summer. We can't spend that much time apart.
Gearing up for the news on Biz Asia America...the latest on the VA jet crash...the Brazil Blonde Gang and the death of Malawi's President.
KINGS WIN AH
alright i see yu
if a individual wants to win . then you must put up a battle for what u want!!~
I don't even have a bow.. smh -_-
Hope he can cup down on the K's
$CME's board is the largest among U.S. companies with 32 members.
And on the third day he rose. HAPPY EASTER
ugh, I hate feeling unmotivated. snap out of it self!
At brothertons in mount healthy
WONDERFUL vocal rehearsal with none other than the incomparable GCAL :D it's been a dooooozyy :)
"Poems: Second Series" by
I know, right?!
thanks haha amd whatever floats ur boat:P
The timing that men possess is impeccable.
thanks, andrew!
Looking for someone who does music videos! Please let us know if you are that person, or know someone who can make it happen.
and just to get this straight, i love 1D too fucking much to put in words, but justin is my everything, and i will ALWAYS have his back.
yes sir :)
Are there any plans to do a follow-up episode for the missing persons cases on Psychic Kids?
lol yes that's exactly what
Reading about a song in rollingstone and being able to pay #1.29 to download to your phone and check out. Love
Just had 2 squares of Dove Dark Chocolate - oh! I love dark chocolate lots more than white or milk chocolate. And it is HEALTHY to eat!
2 shirts i saw dollar today 1) FUCK YOU IM NOT IRISH! 2) Did a Lepercon SHIT on you???
Career Talk provides valuable info to assist job seekers/businesses. Listen to Career Talk this Monday at 7:00 PM on KQV 1410 AM
lmao yes ma'am! Taler's punkahhh will be back too so you know we definitely gotta do something!
How are you?
Been listening to "This Way Up" all day in antcipation of seeing you tonight! Love the new T-shirts too on your website!
Woah!! For how long?
I'd support the efforts of Creationists if they focused more on getting The Big Bang Theory taken off the air.
no problem
Did anyone get raptured?
We want to display your logo! Sign up today and have your logo proudly displayed at conventions and marketing materials. Contact us today!
Got to have faith in our Knicks
researching coral reefs and climate change impacts
umm beautiful much:) I love your profile picture:) your too dang gorgeous:) I love you hunnybunchesofoats:)
I call Verizon and asked why my NFL mobile was not working. Her response I don't know!
Bout To Head To The Store Stack up on Them Snacks..
Listening to sports center... They ask how you can replace ..... You cant ..
Lots of water.
Where she go at?
build'n the gator pit... almighty...
has Bruschetta on the brain! Details coming soon!
thanks dude!
I Know I Noticed :pp
New to twitter! Trying to figure out how it works!
Fox tell's the $10k Romney story 4 times as much the Liberal Media. Why? I know the reason, $$$!fweekend
In your opinion, how do you go about finding a personal trainer that is serious about your success?
I hope you grandpa feels better
these next few weeks: stress 101
Omer Asik is the worse offensive center in America
Jones whiffs and we're going to extra innings.
Today in Blues: Blues harmonica player Sonny Boy Williamson II was born Dec 5, 1912, (uncertain) in Tallahatchie County, Mississippi.
Creating a swag bag of their own, a marketing campaign can benefit from the variety and the perceived value of the concept.
Like the idea of a networking wingman. Great idea.
got you guys when im done editing these videos I got on deck. getting paid now so im putting those first.
I make up stories and poems all the time but rarely write them down. Not sure why.
Thanks for the retweet.
Writing up a cost benefit analysis on paper based course surveys vs. survey collection via iPad. man hours alone build case for iPad.
I was at Amani's some last minute's moves...will Xpln later
Lol aww "britty k" you cute. I will friend! feel like we got a lot to catch up on
The conversation I just had with >>>
Museum lovers are the best
Nyquil to the rescue!
I'll take B.
Seriously bummed we can't digitize the asparagus study to share with you all. You're missing out.
Gurl, whatever :}. Change, how are you?
Thanks for the shout-out.
follow back
Your honestly the weirdest person I know, and that's why I love you :-)
*deletes tweet* ....i'm not going into this.
Legend has it that the first true cocktail, #Sazerac, was mixed in New Orleans in 19th century by a #pharmacist, Antoine Amadee Peychaud.
Round 34 - Fight!
me too!
Newest guilty pleasure - watching reality shows about cake! I can't wait to get home to watch Cake Boss and the Ultimate Cake Off recordings
hey I'm 8 months away so technically I am:) lol
so how ayo like dah dunk from wade
You deserve it! See you guys in Chi-town this June! Can't wait.
Ashlie! How is one of our favorite Mac Duggal friends doing today? FYI: We all love your hair in your profile pic!
Hysteria level: Purple
Did you have a good one? I will be ready. I did have one, until tonight.
OMFG stfu you pick at every single word someone says and get made when someone talks about your comment
Going to be a very long day at work today...oh well
Hey, , you're a coward, a bully and a religious hypocrite. Make you feel big picking on a teen girl like ?
#Oomf look like the dude from Blade lmao
yup! building an HTML5 game :) what are you working on?
Not sure which taco to try tonight? Order a couple! They're HALF PRICE TONIGHT!
I'll check it out and let you know, why you think it is awful?
Just noticed a new spate of followers espousing the virtues of vodka and scotch. Wonder what I'm doing to attract the drinking crowd? LOL
That was one hell of a walk-off by Obama. Baller gait.
Welcome Professor Folu Ogundimu "The impact of ICTs have lowered costs, created more opportunities for engagement"
ha we're all stereotypes--fruit & vegetals FTW!
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain. ~
! #CGIU App is due the 23rd, I say group application!
Residential Plans too expensive? We make building affordable! Visit us online www.danze-davis.com to view hundreds of home plans!
"Madonna's old. Older than me. She should start knitting."
Custard is my favorate doughnut filling
appreciating the momentum
There's a Shake Shack at the Saratoga racetrack?! Where have I been?
#Support Healtheworldwithmusic.org For The Newest Hits That Are Out Now!!
i would have thought that after the movie premiered, would have a lot of followers, but THANK GOD he has the same amount. ♥
#ThingsOnMyMind How to raise more money than I did last year for my dessert for the homeless charity.
Many thanks to all of my followers, and especially those who have been so helpful to me.
I act cool and collected whenever my crush talks to me. Afterwards, I spazz out. xD
87% of men in Malibu look like Jeff Bridges- if Jeff Bridges lived on a sailboat, didn't cut his toenails & thought he was Tom Waits
Maybe not today, but your request has been noted. Happy Halloween!
GOD TELL ME WHY IS SO HOT ?
i just seen a boy walkin down the street wit some skinny jeans come to find out that there made out of beef jerky kmsl!!!
Thnx! It was just one of those moments where I believe I was over thinking the whole thing.
I think mad at me...but watch. she'll call back in the next 24 hrs..
And congrats to 's Marc de Maar for taking 5th today in Belgium!
that sucks, mine was for a 100 level class and was 5 mins
Much obliged sir. Have a great day! Will you be attending the Maple Festival this weekend?
haha no, not yet, it was my friends!
omg. amazing.
Well That Sounds Like Fun! Why Don't You Wanna Go?
Aww I'm gone but tweet me pics if you go later! Your fiancee is one diehard fan
it's sandwich time, hon. are you ready to fix me one?
Any Artist Anywhere WIth Hot Music and Videos Get At Us! www.BLOCKSTARSONLINE.com LETS MAKE HISTORY!
Let's do it! I think & are headed there too
His proven dictatorial style leaves no room for argument, making credibility to players irrelevant. Williams goes down anyways..
I am gearing up to send out my March newsletter, send me your emailed to get a very special treat! xx
I'm bout to unfollow you for that
Also: maybe add little markers indicating hours for "oldest news" 8 to 24 is a lot of time to slide without knowing.
Spring is in the air. It's time to turn a new leaf. Get your body in shape. Healthy is my new motif. Get back to it, girl!
Boys 2 men pandora station
#weekendrock "(Shake, Shake, Shake) Shake Your Booty," KC and the Sunshine Band
Nokia 603 Review – The Smartphone for Everyone! - SymbianTweet
somehow I've only just now started following you.
Have you seen C2E2 book line up? It's looking promising!
I loved your performance, even though GMA cut it. I stayed up just so I wouldn't miss it. Please follow me!!
« #Scorpio's walk with a purpose; they prowl.»
Working On Music to ease the UnNecessary Stress off my MIND !
nope still on tweet limit :(
I'm at Bauhaus and we lost power too!
G.M.N.I.: How you act as an adult is a choice.
too funny!
Enjoying an evening at #chathamtap...i dont come here near enough
DC: Attended mayor Elect Gray's Town Hall Meeting, ward 5. The room was packed. Everyone is excited about the future of DC.
Second set Taking off!!! Sit back relax and VIBE!!
Radelet: "But since the 1990s, we can no longer talk about a Sub-Saharan Africa. The biggest pattern is a divergence across the continent."
RT : My mind forgets to remind me, you're a bad idea. -Taylor Swift
Sitting in seminar now & am truly shocked as to how many ppl have NO idea what Twitter or LinkedIn is...time to learn about social media!
Dallas Mavericks have to be the most boring NBA team in history!
And I love Keke's dress (:
please watch tonight to see our interview by with our spokeswoman !
Well im chill as ice bro. :p
Tough AM to be a #Steelers fan, although last nite's #DowntonPBS premiere almost made me forget my sadness. Glad work will keep me busy!
drinking a rockstar...
SOX: Will Middlebrooks hit a second HR (two-run) in the 8th as the #RedSox beat the #Royals 11-5 to break losing skid. Game 2 tonight.
had to get that out...anyways, on to better things..
*like if you'd clap those cheeks*
im downstairs at your house buddy
I was trying to buy a few days ago and all the links were screwed up :o When I saw it being fixed today I said YES.
I'm sitting naked on my couch counting my "funny money" from last night. Getting ready to vacation and show off my hot bikini body.
“: Be careful who you trust & tell your problems to. Everyone who smiles at you isn't trustworthy.”you 👊💢 it dead on da head!
Really I checked out a couple of the commissions and they all seem full... suggestions?
This child stayed up all night studying in the fifth grade, knowing this will be the only way for a better future.
#nowplaying "Can't Keep", Eddie Vedder, Ukulele Songs
I AM FOLLOWING U YOUR THE 1 THATS NOT FOLLOWING ME
I hate it when people argue over stupid shit..
I seriously need sleep or else I might die.
Whatever a Saka Manju is, it looks delicious! Also, happy birthday Ericka!
Yeah, I am considering it too!
So cool the bests is yet to come for sure
For a minute there I thought I made it through dinner without getting anything on my white shirt. Than, nope.
I wish we had another time, I wish we had another place. But everything we have is stuck in the moment!<3
Yep! Still havnt done last years.. Lol “: ... gotta do the damn laundry. & taxes! Anyone else epic fail at doing em on time?”
i need more followers
four more classes until summer. thank god. One year of college will be completed!
Real Best Friends: act, think & express things the same way,so as soon as one leaves its cause they were just fake from the start.
#IWantToHave a one way ticket to LA:)
#Its2012WhyYouStill not have a twitter?
~as a judge you are to remain in the middle which every season you fail to do. Stop being so nit picky about little things.
Mammoth trails at 10-9 entering the final quarter. Big 4th!!!
-love it!
am I allowed to send tweets via multiple accounts, if I have the account owners' consent? They will be human generated, not bot.
Tip #4 “Attend discussions with physicians and other members of your Senior Loved One's healthcare team." - A.A.M.G.H.C
Film. Fashion. Art. sneak preview open house Thursday 3-4pm. Come get a quick look at Seattle's next "big thing".
Lyon acknowledges that "enactment of power in the moment thru discourse" is not new really. Foucault. Wittgenstein. But argues that (1/2)
The only thing cool about this #tikibarge hearing is when it ends.
UFC tonight!!! Get here Early!! Great drink specials..Great matchups!!! Great company
“ I only fuck with REAL Gay bxtchs ”
I think they ate drinking to much DD !!!!
I was fighting one girl but her friend decided to get me and they attacked and then it was her friend and I.
The future of ebooks is trade offs. We have to make them honestly and articulately.
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
you may resume the torture of your genitals
nice! I will be there sometimes!!
Good luck! We had a rainy weekend inside too... it was a long weekend.
is looking for a keyboard and/or guitar. folks with a hankering to try should contact band (at) intothelightcarolanne . com
omg omg omg omg that was amazing!!!!
I think should try out for the Red Sox bullpen. Just throw the baseball as if it were Cue Ball :)
Isn't Jordan Caron just Dan Paille with better hands and a bigger body? I'm really not sure what the debate is here.
i love you, please marry me? :D<3
awesome streaming tonight..
my brother has a 1939 phone hahahahahaha omg. i love his weirdness.
HS playoffs going on tonight; who ya got
“: Just seen a nigga try to pick up a bitch in his cab” Lmfao!!!!!!
alright alright alright make me
boys boys boys, we love them! :D
It's finally here! Can't wait to get to Miller Park for #Brewers Opening Day! :-)
wow thanks so much
Up shop'n for a new MacBook pro
This just in. Newt Gingrich would back a law letting husbands leave their wives if they were catching a cold or having a bad hair day.
They are. Maxx had his nail broken - he bled bad for about 20 minutes, but thankfully it stopped. Gave me a good scare!
Notice how Houston w/ zone blocking is running the ball? Notice how they beat Indy that way and we didn't. Just sayin
*creeps under your covers*
These are all just TOO GOOD! Knew you'd appreciate this ;)
I just really hope James Franco will still be here tomorrow and not leave right away.
At work feeling horrible
he totally needs a series to back him up. Running Wilde tried...
Here here!!!!!! I completely & totally agree. Was in a situation a few years ago where that happened way too often!
gah all my friends are getting engaged too!! I feel so old!
Thanks for the follow!
+__|!| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
it's going to be such an amazing trip/experience!!!!
are you looking for new artist to spin?
oh joy! “: Tarp is off. Rain has stopped. I believe the #RedSox and #Mariners will play tonight.”
HS STUDENTS! TONIGHT @ CLUB FUEGO! 98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTiNG LiVE LiL TWiST OF YOUNG MONEY PERFORMiN LiVE AND DJ PRODIGY IN THE MIX
Seriously?!?, can I ever grab the grocery cart that doesn't squeak or clunk or pull to one side?
That movie is amazing I could see it over and over again. Hope you enjoy yourself
But now that I'm done with ME3 (for now), it's time to focus on SFxT & jump back into the land of Skyrim!
I hate the thunder but I want them to beat the lakers.
I'm hungry ...!!!! Hm either this Curry or subway ...!! Decisions decisions lol
WHAT?! WHAT?! WHAT?!
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: No.6: Architecture by HH Richardson, Louis Sullivan, D. Burnham, FL Wright.
;) you're cute
Thanks for the #FF!
thanks. Requested by the wife. She loves seared scallops. Lemon bars for dessert.
Got called "miss regular" by the hostess at my regular lunch place today. Too bad our office moves tomorrow.
I hear the beat of my heart getting louder whenever I'm near you ❤ -
Thanks for the casino night RT's. Date is J1/23 & all are welcome! www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
Hopefully, you communicated your Christmas list well and have received all that you wanted! Happy Holidays!!
Nice meeting you today! A hand went down at my table, shortly after we spoke, that was nearly the same, straight v set v set otf!
The abolition of audit for small co's has made suppliers very vulnerable. Should re -instate + quarterly subs to CRO would help
What do you do when your wife falls i. Love with the most popular #ugg of the season and it sold out everywhere?
Wow, when gives you a S/O like that, it's something special!
Mixing. Man, it seems after 7 hours you go slightly deaf. Not a good time to be making sound decisions. Fascinating process!
RT : Wire actor and speaker is running the NYC Marathon today. Send him some love!
Too darn late to still be at work!
Just watched #thewantedonidol & ..... you are such a flirt (;
wait jack
bummer :( speaking of next week, does monday work for you instead of Thursday?
Your attitude impacts everything. Be sure it's optimistic- see the best in yourself & others
Yes, I do believe 4 am is too early ...
Had a great weekend with big bro
Hitting the road back to New York. Thanks for another great year Lex. Looking forward to a few more
Funny story: So, I'm walking into Sephora, right? And my boob pops out...
Wish I knew a great coffee shop to recommend, but I'm eagerly awaiting the results of the hunt myself.
I'm doing a massive card dump and about to dig into Lightroom 3. Oh, and drinking some FTFW!
Honestly i think im a damn good of a friend...
haha just making sure ur all rite
another bad day. in for 3 entries to the 1k and busted pretty quickly after reg closed. prob play 1k tmrw then off to la for 2k main there
yes, #android as well as #apple uses #Carrier IQ, but apparently #windows phones aren't infected with the rootkit.
I keep reading 'Geeks' instead of 'Greeks'. Geeks to hold elections, Anxious Geeks withdraw cash, Geeks watch 'Big Bang Theory'....
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
have one at the Rose &Crown for me!
Hoping to find a small business that would like to lower costs enough to just do it...
“: #Browns Shurmur said of T. Richardson today: "Don't let the 5-9 fool you. He's powerful.''” yes sir!
you already will love me forever...
At Freret Street art market in uptown nola listening to some good tunes and supporting my local artist friend Colin Ferguson.
whoa! That's dangerous. D:
CLOSE YO LEGS & KEEP IT N YO PANTS IF U CANT HANDLE THE CONSEQUENCES THAT COMES WITH IT, ESPECIALLY IF U CANT AFFORD IT!
Rain and wind in the forecast! Stay posted on the status of Saturday's practice.
just working hard on my music and other stuff! I might be coming to la soon so we need to connect when I come.
He who forgets will be destined to remember
It needs to be 1030 already so ready to be off work
A busy day ahead in lovely #Singapore... land of perfect order!
Day off on your birthday. Must be nice.
Haven't even made it home yet.
may we suggest any bearded historical figure. Or maybe just a beard in general.
Now following you!
Kentucky basketball fans are annoying #GoDores!
RT : "We are living in a world where lemonade is made from artificial flavors & furniture polish is made from real lemons."
cool lemme know when, im gonna run a couple errands now
#so to all the serious artist that invest in self and know that promoting is just as important as creating their art.
It's March, #Spring is coming GE8T time for a homemade hand #spa treatment mix olive oil & sugar, rub on hands, gently rinse, moisturize
you're welcome!:)
With the innovation of your business needs at hand, Google Places is clearly where you need to put your business details.
RIP Willie D
they don't reach out but I did recently bc new outdoor & fragile art. But then I thought, maybe we could be talking more.
Muscles are quivering from my interval workout, couple minutes and its time to hit up core
Sounds good (:
thanks to you!
"Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other."~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
icing my eye
when will you be in NYC?
See? I couldn't even put the third period in that ellipsis! What the hell is that about, Twitter? Give us more to work with since this sucks
Your greatest asset is your earning ability. Your greatest resource is your time. -Brian Tracy
Lol I told Marcos if I pass my final with an A I'll start believing in god.
i hate taking showers when im home alone. its scary
Thank you Travis!
Americans downsize to smaller SUVs - MarketWatch
love your show , keep up the good work
Going to be a late night #workout tonight....have to cheer on these soccer champs first!
Printing custom notecards and stickers today on Wisconsin-made, eco-friendly paper. Personalized materials give you a competitive edge.
Real niggaz is #silent. Y'all talk too much shit.
One day closer to the days of Lot (Lk.17). Will Jesus find faith expressed thru persistent cries for justice in the earth (Lk.18)?
Niall is missing in this drawing what happened?!
hope to see you there (:
Tweet: I disagree Tweet: fuck, you got me
LOL, with growth action Rt I want the action figure. RT : I'm liking that worm spit action
Mark.. From MMI called me yesterday and for you to call him back. I have the number if you need it.
UGH STOP MENTIONING IT. *CRIES* WHY WHY?!?! Seriously it's like no side quest or side character even mattered.
Very cool...well, Arkansas of course...no one can outdo us for tornadoes! It's one of the few things we're good at! : )
Photo shoot time with Tom Gormley! Going to be fun. Hope to share the new photos soon
lol im so jealous haha cuz i wanna meet like all of the ones in the pix haha
#RealTalk I'm so proud of you!
XclusivelyPaula closing at noon on Saturday May 5, 2012.
beast mode, activate! “: #RIP your mentions : I wish I had some penis in me.”
Was asked: How do you find work as a freelancer? I smiled and said: Exploring.
Love it! I'm sure she was a open mouth breath that liked to utter "I'm just saying" after every comment she had to say :D
Sorry - should have prefaced that with - Ladies and Gentlemen...your 2012 Digital Media Intern...
Fun Fact: On average a human being spends two weeks of their entire lives waiting for traffic lights to change.
me too!!! Except I don't want him to forget ://
Ask questions. I'll answer any.
Anyone else using clickers during Trustees meetings? Campus committee meetings? Can be effective conversation starter...
Moms golf free all day at Safari! Everyone retweet this to you pregnant high school friends.
how do I sync it to twitter ?
Lord you say u forgive for everything then Y do we still end up in hell when we die
Happy Holidays everyone! Why not give a great gift to your patients, customers, and practice? Upgrade to digital with DuoView or Endurance!
back at you!
I was just thinking that today!
Anthony Morrow +FourHundie...let's f#%%@%n GO!
Chief Curator, Alexandra Deutsch talks to re at 11
Our high school students in will be participating in 30 Hour Famine tonight and tomorrow.
awww yay bring samples too and sleep over at my apartment!!
shorty want a shot of me so she got to the sippin
Do you follow me on twitter?
wish I was in chinatown dc eating
Absolutely. Also, big love for Shadow of the Vampire. But I got a request for more classic horror & figured I'd start at the root.
Last night was legit
I got a good idea, lets never guard Steve Blake. Ever.
Tired never again ugh I cnt too get off. Mad its cold ass hell. Now I'mma b stuck with Shit do .... Ughh
“: But you went away. How dare you? I miss you..” I know boo. I'm sorry. I miss you too 😉
Why would I need to pay $3.50 for shipping on a digital download?
Happy Birthday, ! <=o=>
*sigh* My food has run out.. its either starving or shopping. :/
Things are great! Rainy...and hot, haha! Tomorrow is the 1st day of Fall (I am sure you will feel it!). Phone date soon?
Yup at the bottom :-) lol RT : it proves your basket travelled from far far away, lol! Is there any chocolate at least?
yea we got a crib and shit...this fuck nigga decided yesterday he was going to spain for the weekend
Still trying to pack.
it was fabulous
You always should have a plan or at least a outline on what you want to do with life
I meant that!! lol
to say that I'm going to milk this into eternity is an understatement
Let's go ny!
Someone to entertain me during school please.
like you really finna piss me off i know you see me fucking calling you
Two finals tomorrow and I still cannot sleep.
umm i just got my bangs cut and now i look really bad and my mom said that i looked bad before soo is that suppose to mean i look worse?
No more 30 Rock, Community, or Parks & Rec??? Please tell me someone at NBC thought he was playing Sim City by accident 😒
I bet the beach boys regret cutting a Charles Manson song
Trouble for the suits. RT": Men's Wearhouse store is posting "we stand with the 99%" signs announcing their closure tomorrow
passing the fucj out. goodnight
We’ll be at the Woodinville Craft Fair this weekend! Come on by and give us a holler!
and that's not counting anything newish that I found after "closing" the list 2 years ago. Burden of a bookworm, ha!
hm, my bad. They seemed positioned funny on ur lip, and too bright for that pic. But my bad, I'm sorry
When Pitbull was born, he said ''Gimme my glasses mami, DALE!''”
Helen Keller said: Only through experience of trial & suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved
ill give u a hint OMG on errthang!
The new servers are using Firefox 10 and Flash 11, which should be more compatible with more websites.
Faces in the crowd on a rainy Wednesday night...the real Packer Dave Robinson, college FB Hall of Famer, back to see "Coach" one more time
It's thirsty Thursday your state rep will host her townhall meeting Washington Lounge! First item on the agenda happyhour $$ -8pm!
haha I get my new fone after school tomorrow so I'll text u :)
No unfortunately.
Because Of You, Half The Time I Dont Even Know Im Smiling
Yes, thanks so much! I just accepted, but it'll be later before get around to actually updating my obsolete profile.
Thanks for fucking lying to me.... Again.... So beyond done
hi my name is mason & I order enough chicken biscuits for me & all my invisible friends lol
What is being done to "Build a Better #ROC" - tomorrow at 10 on Eyes On The Future.
Good luck! It it's not as bad as it sounds and only takes a few days of couch-time to recover
“: Tried voting like12 times for 't know what's going on!!”// you can only vote once...
Good morning guys!! Our brand new designs will be posted up TODAY!! Stay tuned...
I'm so happy you like it!! Thanks for RT & follow!
Omg you're annoying.
follow me :DD
Be Your Yourself. Its Counts. And You'll Be Very Happier Than You Think. Dont try to impress popular dudes cause its worthless.
Remember that game winning shot by Lamond Murray in Jersey in the last game of year to drop the Cavs down a spot? Good times...
Say round let me hit you right back Boosie trial start na yeah I pray he bounce back
FREE T SHIRT CONTEST. www.yeldahgoods.com/contests for more details.
Be guided by love vs. lust. Love is a fruit of the spirit and from it comes self-control. Operate in love, not lust.
haven't liked one yet. “: Are you guys feeling the medley numbers from the #Idol contestants?”
I miss the green collar haha!
The next thing to take into account is that your time is extremely limited. Have you used the target dialect before for work?
Well, Ben with horse could always turn into a UNC great for a while, a few times a year
RT : Main Street Recycled walking tour w/ Kathy Whittington of #RVA history and architecture! Repeats 7/29th!
Plzz Follow Me!
#RCTID From Sea to Shining Sea!
Laying in bed watching say yes to dress this show never gets old :D
It was a great session. held it back in the day in Bmore with the former Freep editor who runs it.
im not on Twitter for political kool aid.
"Wee" love hearing that!
right outside the restroom when I came out. In front of a mom pushing a stroller. Horrible.
So sorry!!!
Working on some SEO keywords, listening to Dave Rawlings Machine. Oh Dave, you make being immersed in Google Insights so much better.
wants some nutella
I was there for you when nobody fucking else was -___-
I agree. But hockey gets a bad reputation from people who complain about violence when they don't watch it.
Food banks cater to seniors&#39; needs
I am assembling an example mobile PLE for student nurses that includes free low cost apps, mobile web sites, etc..anyone have a suggestion?
Good News: FFTAMG Tickets For Yo Gotti On May 26th are Only $10.00, Special Runs Until Sunday. Get Em NOW..!!
Congratulations on a great show tonight! Dolly West's Kitchen a MUST SEE!!
7 new online #banking courses! IT Security for Banks, IT security primer & 5 Bank Specific #Compliance courses visit us
so am I and I agree!
RT : So excited to host 's Blogging Panel & Happy Hour! Join &...
Just came home - now going for the gym:) finally:)
why did u leave me wit the shonessssssss wtf !!!!
you missed a perfect weather weekend in NY!
Someone brought a tiny baby kitten into my store And let me hold her I about died! So fucking adorable.
So proud of you Dave!!! Great Job!!!
Everyone follow his tweets are swagged!!!
No problem; everything I say can be verified in history. That quote refers to the mature expression of a winner's heart!
Not going to lie, I'm loving University of WIsconsin's campus.
Time to get creative!
Definitely the most quantifiable results are sales that we bring in that began with organic traffic, says Mat
Thanks as ever Erica.
": #WeWontWork if you wont watch Disney movies with me."
Lazy. He's lazy is what it is.
hi! Miss ya! Drinks next week?! Sx
the robot will be used for surgery starting in November when inpatient services open at Swedish/Issaquah :)
no! no stopping the music!! hahaha
It would have to be recess of course.
lol well roll a doobie and we will ride around your hood a smoke
I've got 1 more open time slot for a photoshoot before I leave for tour. Let me know if you want it! www.chaseclymer.com
There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
where'd you get that iPhone case bro?
Aside: my paper has your guy Dexter in it now, too. Surprising results.
Time to raise a glass to the memory of Chris Hondros and Tim Hetherington, two great war photographers killed today in Libya.
I've been wanting to podcast since forever. All I'm missing is a reason and any audience whatsoever.
you better see me
Schools out for summer
I will e out tomorrow with my new camera and will share!
Just ate a bowl of steamed veggies..I honestly wanna throw up
come get a smog check at your local test only station at Moreno Valley Test Only
Blog just launched yesterday...will be updated with a new blog at least weekly! www.kissandIM.com
ok ppl r hacking my fb and twitter
Also, told me about a tentative 2013 walkthrough that made me squeal out loud.
Soccer is the only thing I'm addicted to. I need to call the homies and get a kick-around started before gets dark
videos are awesome :))))
Love that saying about feet hitting the floor! TY!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being forced to wear a tight hat, cancer, poachers, ignorance, and spicy tuna
I am not multitasking well today.
Looking for ideas for Networking in Madison, WI for Infrastructure individuals; like Systems & Network Admins, Security, Desktop, etc. I wa…
Did 10 reps of 20 cruches today and 15 reps of 10 push-ups. I'm getting better at this and looking better.
you look pretty pn jay leno. luv your dress :)
Haha awesome! RT : awesome dining experience tonight!! Thank you. Full review coming tomorrow.food coma...
Angry Birds are now in Chrome. They are trying to destroy productivity as we know it.
that's how you know its good :)
Spending the day with my mommy. ♥
My son did tell me Happy Mothers day, stopped yelling at me, took his pills, went to bed.
Someone text me and tell me about your day.
you were just on the daily show
Science was hard af
Thanks for the advice! I'm also trying to get the zone map data.
MARY and JOHANNA shot for PAUL MITCHELL!! #model<3
lol are they like blondes lol.
Great things happen when great minds plan...and include Italian waiters, pools, drinks and lottery winnings.
Females having wedgies in school <<<<
You playing at City Center? I need to sneak a camera in somehow
Breaking News! Danny Gans 911 tapes really not that interesting! Will television stations make a huge deal out of it? Find out at 4!
The RED light is on 🍡
So now that I have an agent, can I finally know your secret identity?!? ;)
Loving our enemies is one of the best forms of missionary work. Every soul is precious in the sight of God.
RT if you love your Latins fans!♥
I love rim, but they just have to step up to the plate, one day I hear great things, the next I hear is out of business..
I made a facebook account.. Sent out some friend requests :)
everyone is getting all sappy on facebook and i can't. my emotions~
I NEED TACOS. I need them or I will explode.
Nice work!
yo you gotta get to Pittsburgh for #Cohesia Art/Fashion/Music..its in the works right now..im tryin to keep this movement in motion
#Brewers are a Johnny Cueto gem away from a nice 4 game winning streak. Going for the sweep and 4-2 home stand tomorrow.
this sub in eskra's is a bitch.
Thank you Natalie! <3
'98 was too late
our website is www.morenovalleytestonly.com
I still use a Tide pen. Is that weird?
Missing the babe :)
It's bullshit how do you let nick Barnett he's been doing it for ten years he a great player still bishop is good but damn I love nick
We need the #MeloDrama to be over. Denver is ready to move on.
New post: New Bracketron Mobile Dock-iT Universal Cup Holder Mount
This wind is horrible. My allergies are acting up & my head is hurting. The desert is a wicked place! Today was just insane! Gdn
thank u,i will need all the help i can get......lol
One cannot force oneself to enter "the zone". It just happens.
#2wordsasianpeoplefear , you tell me!
You're very welcome. Glad to help. I could forward you a couple other emails from the weekend as well.
This question bothers me as well, especially since when I poop my naster has to stop and clean it up and they just leave poops
Eating a lunchable.
1 - Language. Every language class a blow against English-language parochialism.
So this guy walks into a gay bar...Nevermind, you were probably there.
I need me a smart bitch, with dumb brain.
Critical : Got some expert dating advice from one of my favorite people tonight. Tip 1 Lower my standards
Last call for Indianapolis area restaurants who want free advertising...
Lost my phone and computer chargers today.....(sigh)
Haha yo DJ-ing while texting ??
Lots of fun at Mavs game; weirdly, surrounded by morbidly obese people.
this weather is
On the phone with twitter
a friend invited me and saw you in plancast... i'll be in sf mon-thurs. ping me, esp should you want a west coast scrabbling.
Tell Your Dad Happy Father's Day.!<3 For Making Such A Talented And Cute Boy Like You.!(; <3
It's hot out on location! Cool off at #BlueRock's #studio. ONLY $950/ 10hrs - ALL SUMMER!!!
Who wants some Ronald tonight?
I still have not been able to do the app!
i just finished a whole essay in less than an hour wut
I luv the part in the movies wen its all quiet or sad then sum1 has to cough or choke on some popcorn lol
what are u writing about
Angels fire hitting coach Mickey Hatcher and name Jim Eppard as the new hitting coach.
RT : RT : And the Broncos own the Titans in free agency again!
Hi Dawn, planning the shoots for my 2012 LookBook, hope your still interested in shooting
There's a reason I fly things get awful, their CS agents always have a way of making everything OK.
You deserve a knight in shining armor, a man of honor #betterthanme 🎶
don't be mean to me. I'm still in mourning.
What is the status on Gates, Floyd, and Wayne?
More broken hearted then before.
@ dalton, but again she blogged expert and vigorous
Keeping track of how many times I use the bathroom at work <<<<<.
I can't drink coffee period, I have high blood pressure but I need it.
why, dick?
I don't think I've read anything from Grantland since last August. Weird.
you probably now this but anything Galloway is usually great. how about 'To the Edge' by kirk johnson
Some women are so dedicated here, I'm fairly certain the pregnant ones will lay egg avis instead of giving birth.
It's the new smiley. As in: "Look at me! I added 'lol' at the end to prove how cute and funny I am! Being stupid is fun!"
I took a little vacation from Twitter. Don't worry, you'll be seeing more abrasive tweets from me. :)
I would love to see a Baltimore Oriole at my feeders. They're in Central Ohio, but maybe I'm too "in town" for them. :-)
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. – Maya Angelou
On my way to the chi
The man who twitted this is Mitt Romney's spokesman RT rachel maddow needs to take a breath and put on a necklace
The Best Family Photos last beyond lifetimes! Give mom a gift that keeps giving - 1 to 1 Photo Lessons = More Cherished Memories...
Thanks! Have you called mom about the holidays yet?
If you see any cute sandals in a size 7, let me know! ; )
It must be a nightmare for Viagra to do email campaigns...
Working up a new promo featuring = The CW20 News At 10 Rocks!
Well, that's ok! I love quantum theory.
Netflix has
Thanks for having me last night! And to everyone who came out. I had a lot of fun!
Ready for the #cisummit! Coffee and muffin in hand.
#OhioState and #OhioUniversity to announce new economic development partnership tomorrow. No doubt, it'll confuse #BradyHoke even more!
Egypt Turns to Sole Provider, Dial-Up for Internet Access
Its going to be a classic show FEB 19th in Miramar FL
3 of our trying out for worship team today
skirts made from taffeta
. The only path you stand ready to lead us down is the yellow brick road to taxcuts for the rich.
my brother doesn't even have a phone
is the best girlfriend out there. She has made a seemingly horrible experience easy. I love her and cant thank her enough
I #love a comeback :D
": I wanna go to the lake !!!!" And go fishing yes!
by the way love your background :)
Thanks for the follow! looking forward to great tweets.
I wanna Shut down the club wit U
Happy #September. We #love the fall
like Prince really cares
Thanks for the #FF props!
this announcer is terrible. That goal call was just bad. We couldn't find better? Give me instead please.
kisses for the follow!
I've felt differently since seeing Tupac's hologram perform.
Yard work for Condor
punk. I unfollowed kanye because of that. Don't blog on my timeline
Awww, yes! Play date soon :)
omfg this is hilarious! Oh she ratchet! Oh!
Nah, I'm heading up to Cracker Creek for some backwoods adventuring. Enjoy Weeki Wachee - net a mermaid while you're there!
Going on vacation see ya guys for 5 or 7 days
Glad you're enjoying out Pinterest! Just getting going but it's a lot of fun. :-) Hope you're enjoying the weekend.
whole wheat PBJ, an apple, yogurt and a granola bar.
Tonight at Joffrey! 8pm. Check out Matthew Berenbaum's choreography and benefit Japan!
Did you like Planet B-boy?
Good morning twitters :) Good day/night
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LITTLE BOTHER
Sick baby today. :(. While he naps, enjoying some time outside this morning, coloring with my daughter.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
- When you can ask for it. You're too old for it.
Have we created the fires that illuminate the world or burn it down?
No dogs, this queen bed is really only big enough for me. How to people do this regularly?
pretty cool to get a follow from you guys! <3
How long do you think it would take for you to do 100 burpees?
"He wears as mask, and his face grows to fit it." George Orwell
No-tie Friday! Yeah, #corporateamerica!
Which one??
We need football back, don't we? I bet frozen yogurt would make you feel better!
Who got FaceTime?
I can hear skype! :D
RT : Know of good deals in Louisville? // Hyatt Regency just started outdoor Friday happy hour. Deals on food and beer.
There should be a weekly review of old games that no one plays anymore called "Irrelevant Reviews." First one: Star Control II.
pretty funny the looks i get when talkin on my iphone thru my headphones
Give that bitch to bynum or kobe!
going to get a first script filmed this weekend--strange and exciting!
The F List is up and running!
I need a team behind me to push me. But before that I'm establish my name. :D
hard to explain in 140, twitter version: sports, athletes, social media, photos, videos, charities, training, etc. ha
leave the knicks alone - we have enough trouble as it is
I'd love to. Do you have any ideas?
“: Mudding with Michael #siblingbonding” This should be photographed.
Oakland penalty to Brian Baker, Delaware to the PP
I know I know lol I just live far away now so its harder but I will see you before I leave, promise
That's fantastic! You're the future of education. ;) RT #IAspireTo go to UVA and get my teaching degree(:
clearly she likes seeing your tweets so why not on tv. :/ people are so slow.
RT : Every successful person has started in the exact same place... the beginning.
how are you
I did! I actually bought the new one before I sold the old one.
Great analogy, credit unions are like a huge super computer, is we work together / collaborate, we can do so much more
Thanks! I will do
Great safety meeting at target
Fish line too long. Bye bye Florida film and friends. We're getting hot dogs outside at Chupacabra.
choking for littering a plastic bag out of a stretch Escalade will be the last image I think of when I die.
Coming up in just a few minutes, The Chaos Agent, by request! Thanks for listening and be sure to share our page with your friends!
Just did my taxes and realized I paid a higher rate than Mitt Romney and I'm $249,970,000 poorer than him. #AmericaF-kyeah!
Got Unfollowed today by someone saying I, and several others are "Distasteful" . So, WARNING to all my new followers, -I SAY FUCK A LOT- lol
Share your adventures with us tweeps!
Aloha Monday Flowers! We have January tropical specials waiting for you today. Call Puna Toll Free 1-866-982-8322
Black Friday Shopping? Gift Certificates, T-Shirts from the Steer In.
I'm jut realizing that it's great to have friends and family who know to cook and sew. Without them I'd be hungry and naked.
really interesting yet creepy tidbit re: color app & how it used a cell mic to detect location at
Please don't look any better than you already do :) it would be criminal
★ DO WORK
Survived the Great BBQ Sauce Spill Of 2011! 3-hr traffic jam on 5 South: friends were made, rules were broken, & we all learned about LIFE.
RT I'm at Buddy Holly: Listen to Me tribute concert in LA, so let's give away the CD! RT this by Friday Noon to win!
VMware also does not handle Full Screen properly. It use to do it right, but now it just fills the current screen.
Something ain't right
Good: rereading an old column. Bad: being reminded at the end of the column that you used to write 3 a week
No more teen mom with the first season. ?! That makes me so sad.
What? No way. And they obviously don't agree either… look at their recent acquisitions.
To watch the adventures of Pete & Pete season 1 or season 2?
PAKMAN'S "TWIT-QUOTE" FOR THE DAY: "Knowledge is nothing without execution!" -Heavy Hitters Magazine r/t
So, a lot of opponents to the EC say it reinforces a two party system.
GYHAB on OMG OMG happy as'f !!
Day 3 at - we've met some great folks already! Can't wait to see what the weekend brings us....
doubt it friend
Photography tweeps... Any suggestions on entry level DSLR's & places to buy!?
what happens at #alamw12 stays at #alamw12 ;)
Open the book on healthy eating and enjoy half off Chef-K's Preschool Fruit and Vegetable Book Bundle this week from the Savvy Source!...
Free promotion site on my profile. Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow? i am interested :)
“: First 11:11 wish of 2012✨ hope it comes true ☺” to wish that you were as cool as me? Haha
Watching flag football on NBC
I hate it here, I wanna die.
Guys! Follow our production company's twitter account, we'll be updating it with news, pictures, video, naked stuff, etc! -- RT!
#heartbroken 💔😱😢 what were you doing Rangerrrsss
It is important to realize that in physics today, we have no knowledge what energy is. -Richard Feynman
agreed! i would add > how comm effort will be evaluated, which the report sadly shows rarely happens.
Where did the phrase legggo come from? It's dumb. Legos were a childhood Toy. Let's get real
you soo anti now!
What a game, what a win, what a series
People all over the world are possessed and obsessed with endless desires. These desires incessantly pressurise them to acquire and enjoy.
putrefaction is the corpse's being 'handy' to the worms Lauro
you spelled "Moore" wrong.
YES. The Royal Attache to Asses. All asses are to be examined by RG before I lay my royal hands on them.
Bring on the parade down broadway!!!
Open Mic Night tonight! See you at 10 p.m.!
I think it depends. On what kind of learning is happening, and for what purpose. Regardless, I'd want student input.
Thanks Egon. Glad you enjoyed it.
Fight fire with Squirtle.
Do you think good men are really clueless about how prevalent this sort of behavior is? That is as shocking. But.
haha! If you ask real engineers they will tell you io is expensive and you can gladly have it!
Do you bite your thumb at me sir?
I love you (: it's not Gunna be the same with out you :/
Wow lots of new followers . Awesome . Have a great day .
it's the day to day moments like which ought be celebrated and aspired to. That real life, just being present
We'll miss you.
the " I don't know part is key"
sorry for the late reply! Had a blast at #startupsuncensored! have a great holiday and let's connect in 2012!
Wowzers! This game is getting good!
faded as fuck.
I like what I'm seeing at the gas pumps over the last week! I celebrated with a drive to New Castle this morning!
You should sell your sales team - then send them out to sell. We hype what we believe in - talk your business up and walk the talk!
got the boys and things to do with them.
Birthday, baby's christening, kids in from out of town, family, friends
Ace Atkins has done a more than credible job of keeping Spenser alive. What a relief.
Hello to the weekend! What's everyone up to? How about some #FF? , , ,
Spring break visitors to Miami - plan to get a massage while you are here. Call Nelson at -- 305-335-3855 to schedule your massage!
you're right
Would have been 13 if you would have come up to Tarpon Springs..Hahaha
I was thinking the same thing last night. That would change everything!
For 1/1-3/17, BF had $108K raised; $110K in expenditures; $86K on hand. If those #s were like CD's I'd give BF better odds
Yeah it be ridin!
Attending Plum College Fair tonight followed by a drive to Lawrence County for the morning. Hope to see you there.
And another from my iPhone...
thanks amber for saying that
it certainly had its moments...though some of the mid-run filler eps (time travel, alt universe, goofy side stories) were painful.
#Brewers strand bases loaded in the 4th. Ouch!
Plz towhid dont mention him directly....EEeeeehhhhh....they carry dirty diseases.....u might get them
Ok just made this twitter so to like my 1 follower do you think you can give me a shoutout??:)
If you fall I'll be there -- sincerely , floor
Thanks for the offer - I may indeed run some thgts by you in the near future!
Time to rally Bulls fans. Stay with us or get out thr way, because we are still coming.
Indeed! :-) RT : thank you. Africa's' cinema is rising.
Again, I'm a food slut.
the popular suggestion of was just too many characters
Can I just say fuck?
submission deadline for this semester extended to sunday! #gwu DC OR NOTHING
Can't stop thinking about book "The Passage". Finished last night & and can't wait for 2012 & the sequel. Thx 4 your storytelling!
love you <3 lolz, I'm in school
good ! and i know i am (:
Two and a half men was on my t.v tonight! Ashton did great.
listening to #PROJECTYOLO MIX
hes gonna be scared of you!!!oh sandy
k, bear with me, tweeting all this is keeping me going. thanks all!
I feel like a bum I havent worked for the past three weeks
: Could you find one BIG ENOUGH ===> LOL- I'll have to wrap a bow around this PEREZ-ent
also staying home #friends ?
I think of Same sex marriage how I think about women's rights, I don't give a fuck.
Today in history: 1836--Alamo siege begins; 1945--U.S. flag raised on Iwo Jima; 1997--Scottish scientists announce Dolly the Sheep cloning.
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." --N. V. Peale
that is actually a great idea! its a great chance to get to know your fans better! follow me i <3 you!
FOLLOWED TEENSPEECH JUST NOW. PLEASEPLEASEPLEASE FOLLOW BACK! <3 IT'D BE MY DREAM!
Time to see Ponder!
10 followers & counting! Its been a very productive 2 days! Follow us to find out what we, and the architecture community, have been up to.
Looking forward to the Pacers vs. Purple Dinosaurs game tonight.
Had lunch w/u yesterday. Outrageously delicious! Truly!
Just barely! 'Glad to hear you liked it! #indystage “: I hope you got in. That's a fun show. I saw it on Sunday!”
In 45 minutes (6pm) at the Harn, Caroline Jones is speaking on Hans Haacke in the 60s. Origin of 'systems' theory?
Just got back from a meeting with a new producer my manager set me up with. This music is gonna make history! Got some awesome plans
Niko Niko's rocks! Now I want some!
One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
oh my. I just got SO EXCITED to dance my ass off tonight
Justin And Beliebers Are Meant To Be Because we know him better that he knows himself.
some cultures emerge as others fade :)
ah man so you still have a lot of shit to see!! Man I need someone to talk to about this season finale yesterday! I cried :-(
RADIO COMMERCIALS! Buy one get one half off! Contact Jessica Kuryla our Production Director for more info!
If I were JAX I'd be all over TEBOW...he'd be home, have even more motivation, and it would simply sell more tickets.
: welcome to Austin! Hope I am fortunate enough to bump into you while you're here :-)
