Hope you had fun! (: you and the guys are awesome.
good luck with the travels, nicole!
I should really wear new contacts before people start thinking I'm a stoner
"All of this work is now in your hands." Kubrick writes to projectionists on etiquette for Barry Lyndon. No pressure, guys bit.ly/mxTFmB
$200 in gas cards to be given away before the next commercial break. Tune in to CBS 58 now!
Did you ever eat too much?
This makes me think of that segment on HEE HAW where grandpa would reel off the dinner menu...
stage fright (me)....okay over it....twatting again!
congrats! :-) Bet it feels amazing. Sadly, I'll be stuck with contacts for the rest of my life - meh. Could be worse! :-)
happy birthday to my kryptonite <3
#9 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: Your partner Pars Khodro is directly tied to IDRO who is working on Iran’s nuks
at this point i need someone to pass the eyeball test. Miller did tonight til he got hurt.
follow back homie
Yes “ I wish see get off the mic wit that half bob lol”
My dad's farts are killer. Fucking death bombs.
Sachal Vasandani, vocals; Rene Hart, bass; & Greg Gonzalez, drums.
Apparently it's not that hard to believe that I'm a coke-head.
excellent UCONN game, hoping St Johns wins so there can be a little payback
That's ruthless. Was that you who dunked it?
#ThingsThatBotherMe : Red Necks in oversized trucks who speed, swerve and tailgate but have no real place to go.
Super excited about my first day of the new job today!
Don't ever quit pursuing your dreams. Getting things lined up for our Rail Jam this month! Boarders be ready
Last week we worked with 6 schools in Udaipur. 500 students enrolled in this years Peace Exchange project. Let's Create Peace
Hey Hillsborough County drivers - be careful out there! I-275 looks messy according to Chuck at
so my phones will send messages to everyone excpet one person. Guess who.
anytime! It's a nice change in pace and good start to the weekend.
The end of Blame Game >
RT Nothing is better than Ma! // Jah will help you through.
Under the circumstances of this case. Yes. Because it was not self defense
RT : #5DollarsWorth empoyproduction will create this animated cartoon Christmas ecard greeting video with your logo for $5...
Not really... “: So...anything interesting going on today?”
"An error occurred during validation." weird bro haha
I wish I could find someone to have fun with or to date everyone sucks!!! :/
Gian and I are discussing when he should come over. He wants to come over right when my parents leave, no bueno.
I have a Mr. Bubble tee shirt!!! I love it! I'll have to send you a pic later haha
A few paragraphs would be great, though we may have to distill it down even further. Brief is due in early June, so ASAP, really!
Wait for the person that makes you feel beautiful just by looking at you.
Also I was *not* thrilled to see the preview of #Loopers... too similar in concept to my Adjusters, but i guess nothing's new under the sun.
can you email me the address where I can send money for subscription.
Biggest *actual* threats to freedom in the US today: losing your job, losing house to foreclosure, and lobbyists' campaign donations.
A young buck? I have 2 girls; 7 & 9; don't laugh, but never discount Baby Einstein product efficacy! It's quite pre-Montessori.
Which day of the week do ghosts like best? Moandays.
Petrino out at Arkansas. I wouldn't mind seeing him throwin around a headset on UK's sidelines
Florence, Le roux, grand ol party, yeah yeah yeahs, tallest man in the world and the allman brothers should get you going.
Your grasp on the definition of "snivel" is as tenuous as on "liberal."
Good night everyone
let's try to meet early next week
H0T WiNGS WiTH RANCH AND BUFFAL0 SAUCE, BEER, AND F00TBALL. PERFECT SUNDAY AFTERN00N..... FUCK WiTH ME!!!
Congratulations. 6 years will go by real fast, too.
soon and very soon!
raigan I got a twitter!
Day off and im feeling so lazy
RT : "Yes ladies and gentlemen, love is the secret to saving the world" -
Loving the weather
Just had a great st. patty's day at a Mexican restaurant drinking margaritas with Mark, Chris and Pedro!!!
Dan Machlin: "Um, Corrie and I practiced the same poem so I'm gonna read it backwards."
#GWU #BlackHistoryMonth Celebration continues today with cultural African food in
Tweeting while in the hospital having a baby?! That's a little TOO far with the social media addiction.
It's official. I have just received an email from Sony saying my details have been stolen via PSN. ...More pissed I can't play COD online.
It is such a beautiful day!!! I think I want to go down to the river and take this all in.
Thank you my friend !
we had a kid pee himself before every 4x4 to loosen us up but I think yours wins
do you have time for a coffee this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon or on 21st or 22nd May?
and we won't give an inch.
World go boom
of course along wit the ambition amid drive.
Judge Payne, IN "We have 100 power users that are case workers that continuously test the Case Commons system."
Due to illness, the buying counter is closing at 4:30. Sorry folks! See you tomorrow at 10 a.m.
It's Thursday which, as my friend Robin says, is connected to Friday. NOT SOON ENOUGH!
Just tapped, Russian River Brewing Damnation Belgian Golden Ale (replaces Tricerahops Double IPA)
Proud and happy to see Dallas pick up an epic shut down corner in Morris Claiborne. Our defense is shaping up ever-so-nicely!!
Burnin' off that intimacy barrier that beer built.
There are at least three different musics playing right now. I think the refrigerator is open.
I know what it is...
along with a good number of its subscribers
haha i know kinda sucks! but no problem!!!
Must. Stop. Playing. Angry. Birds
morning!!! more like good afternoon cause i just woke up xp but anyways have a GRAND DAY!! :D
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dr. Fresh Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Thank you for the RT - hope you have a Gr8 weekend!
love NE! I did a program at the Durham in Omaha. What is a "google-certified teacher?"
Happy Monday! What #print and #marketing news are you following this morning?
#TopLies...... i have read the terms and agree to following pshhh THEY LIED.!!! ctfu
Dam south fla weather make me sick but cafe iguana just might be my medicine
Lovely. My prep help for tomorrows brunch for 500 just heismann-ed me. I'm gonna be a chopping fool this evening. Team of me!
I'm sorry! Will you ever forgive me?
No I thought you did a firebelly board?!?
Let's go griz!
see suellen's fat lip came when these crazies started attacking us, so I whipped my man purse & hit her instead..oh well-accidents happen ;)
It's Supposed to be over 85 degrees tomorrow and i have to march in a parade in our heavy marching band uniform.
see TT told us they wouldn't be the youngest team in the NFL in 2010
wait 2 the basketball season go bulls
ordered online! Will photograph upon arrival
And.... everyone will spam Austin in a few seconds. #predictable (;
Hey at Washingtonian Center in Gaithersberg. When I pay $17 for tix, it would be nice if the cinema wasn't a mess. Clean up.
RT : Just went through King Tut at Childrens Museum of Indy. The 5yr old: "Where are the dinosaurs? These are not dinosaurs!"
i need help forming an exploratory committee to run for Prez. also need sixhundredmillion bucks. anyone?
Men may wear the pants...but women control the zipper! :)
I'm really glad I get back 3 days before the recall election. I wouldn't want to miss the vote.
love the
"When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering." Don Miguel Ruiz
wait you've already seen our awkward moments video?!?!
lol. we shall trust each other w/ our twitter accounts.... righ?
Andy Parrino needs more starts just for the fact that he uses Kyoto as his walk up song
Found a doritto in the front pocket of my scrubs. It's gonna be a good day.
your so right. im childish. i apologize for my childishness
Fraser gets question on representing diversity with all Greek ticket
ALL IN A BOX Moving and Storage Center and its latest innovation of Portable Storage form part of a network of Long Distance Moving Companie
#Bbworld11 Going over report card for past year.
My new kitty is so awesome ^3^
why, thank you. I think its due to almost 39 years of having this name. ;)
I'm here but no direct experience managing sales force. Just lurking (and eating).
Manning throwing for Bronco brass at Duke right now and Titans have workout coming too. Miami out of it officially
'i love yu!
Well it don't take much. I'm a sucker for the little things :)
Do you know what I think about you? Do you know what I feel is true?
Oh I'm 100% into that. GREAT IDEA, that Adrian!
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Mohandas Gandhi
...and as I ran by, I traded my purple apple juice for regular apple juice. Bc WTF is purple apple juice?
and take a shawer
Yes, between coffee zone and chez monet RT : Wait? We are getting a Jimmy John's in downtown #JCMO?
That's all you got to say ? Pshhh,
Wat are you doing?
lol. You are hilarious...
Alcohol; because no good story starts with, "that one time I ate a salad."
Getting ready for Tolo! Should be really fun! Going to Olive Garden first!
Jodeci - My Heart Belongs To You is stuck in my head
Don't go out of your way for someone who won't go out of their way for you.
It makes me happy to know has my back, in that she will stab my enemies in the back.
is excited the www.iheartonenote, a new community site for people who love Ontenote is now live
Picked up my #wbnamerica books this AM -- delighted and proud to be one of the 25,000 volunteer #bookgivers in this great literacy event!
Let's be honest , Ray Felton doesn't stink any more.
I was sitting on the street corner in Philly just now and someone drove by blasting one of your songs.
Our album #AMP contain more John Mayer samples than you could ever dream of hearing. DL for free!
Second movie of the week: This means war.
That awkward moment when you think someone's waving at u so u wave back feeling VERY stupid o_o
RT : Good morning. Remember: Lithuania plays at 1030AM. This is probably more of a reminder for myself than for you. Good night.
Surrender is not peace, it is the acceptance of slavery.
How is it that says degraded women last night on #TheVoice and then she didn't even bother to wear pants tonight
I saw all those "shitty monday" tweets. Wheres the "tgif" tweets? Or did everyone finally start treating every day equally?
Awaiting the arrival of our third born. Life is about to change...again!
At GED about to leave doing good :)
thanks! Proud to represent #MIT #MITEF and
Watching the snow fall. There's a foot on the ground and 6-12 predicted for tomorrow.
puertorican & black mixed have honestly always been my favorite
no one would notice :(
#audibles will the lions make the playoffs?
Needs an intervention... about to buy the Hellraiser Remake! -V
#Watching Hoot in biology!(:
prolly one of the best workouts you will ever get!
It's amazing how much choreography my brain can hold!
Frightened baby of friend!
No...but I last used it to clean my sneaks after stepping in Kaylas secret stash. Meant to throw it out.
Five miles is the new three miles.
Hope you're enjoying yourself! Can't wait to hear all about your trip! MISS YOU! (ss&i tried sending you a pic) did you get?
Your shit is dope. My 9 yo daughter has a claw sticker on her notebook, my g/f has your shit all over the house.
Just lowered 2 rates in New York at locations in #PennStation and the #Financialdistrict. Can't bea a $50/mo virtual office! Go Davinci!
I'm sayin'. Some women just have it all the way wrong.
SaberCats find top spot of the Week 1 Coaches' Poll.
Be Brave. Shine. Be A Light Among Men. For You Are More Than You've Ever Allowed YourSelf To Be. #spirituality #light # love
My bus sounds like a plane taking off.
doing nothing
1st bike ride since December. Chain and gears totally rusty, required toothbrushing and lubing, then pannier hook wrapped around hub. [+]
bro i was looking for my fucking boyfriend to sing to me today, where the hell they at with the tardy music?
jumped on Twitter on April 19 and already has more than 13.000 followers. Stay tuned for great news about her new Jazz CD
Lyngrovewines Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Cover the canvas at the first go, then work at it until you see nothing more to add. - Camille Pissarro
On my lunch break.
Nice response, but the article assumes the LGBT folks should care what ACU thinks. A faulty assumption, IMHO.
cool and thanks Imma dm you in a few
Falling in love is easy. Keeping it isn't.
but non of the Yankees won the gold glove award tho
I know! Haha(:
It'll be nice to hear Timbers broadcaster John Strong join Talk Timbers at 7pm on 750 The Game. He'll update fans on his status.
Finally a hot shower. Now if I could get more than six hours of sleep.
That feeling right after you hook up with a girl. (Y)
was so chatty in my dreams!
Congrats David Gilbert CEO Cleveland Sports Commission Distinguished American Award at NE OH Natl Football Foundation banquet!
Thx..it did after girl "training" me got upset and went home. I don't USUALLY have that effect on people :o I'm HAPPY 2b workg.
The Great Online on radio today 11:00AM to 11:30AM MST -listen on 560 AM in Denver or via Internet stream at www.560thesource.com
I heard the 3rd base joke... Good one, Sir. :)
Giants are playing pretty good but it's more the falcons are that bad
ahaha keep asking and I promise they will(:
I love money May
Any questions for the panel?
Oh just rub it in why dont ya!
and other good stuff!
oh and bob told us you were allergic to nj - hope that isn't the case :)
i want to go swimming so badly.
we'll keep you posted!
hey sweetie I see u sick well get well soon
give the best for a christmas gift and go online at kandizone.com
Tonight just might be a #teambatum night. Good first quarter
When will the rain stop :(
My room is CLEAN again! ✨😊
That movie used to make me cryy. :(
turn off- guys that take pictures while doing gang signs!
USA USA USA. Adu starting wow.
whoa thats out by my house!
you're not a show off if you're that good #BOOM!
sorry Coach.. Just thought it would be funny.
Happy Thanksgiving from the GR team at #Northeastern!
but truthful lol
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
New Summer Hair Accessories at Chika Chika!!! Visit us inside the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson!!!
Omw to #Work 12 hour shift today
Thank you! And you know it. Just let me know when!
arriving May 2 anything going on Wednesday night? Is Frenchmen Street bumpin on a Wednesday?
#Follow for interesting articles on the political scene in #Milwaukee. Don't forget to #vote!!
Definitely! lol I can do without the Irish kind though #Nasty!
On the hunt for a green shirt.
When you have control over your thoughts, you have control over your life.
On a cold day doesn't a warm Cinnamon Roll sound scrumptious?
Just did that with a polymer base last week. Caught it just as it happened but left the base with 4 little dimples.
Are you okay??
oh my! GOOD LUCK!
Looking for a new independent film to get involved with. What's up artists? Anyone need an assistant director or writer?
We got our issue of Printwear in the mail today did you? Q&A issue is our favorite!
Ha! I love that! Thank you. RT "Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death."
yeah Chicago is pretty awesome i'm sure you'll have plenty to explore
u missed Mrs. S randomly telling us it was national cat day and me like cracking up to myself thinking about Harry haha
If only my iPhone had bbm.
awe lucky! :) my German teacher was trying to talk to me but I was just like I CAN'T HERE YOU OVER MY HEAVY BREATHING ...
We'll have to see if there is a place in San Antonio, I get into town just after noon on the Wednesday :-)
1/3 to 2/3 of pregnant women get gum disease CloSYS kills the #bacteria & help U stay healthy www.closys.com/research.html#3 Avail
:). And for that, you earn my eternal admiration. Respect girlfriend. Respect.
ohh you nerdy
nice chattin w y'all. will gladly field any The South Qs lol
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 1
I got that e-mail and thought oh dear gawd why do I not live in NYC?
Green light out, SE corner of 14th and Harvard NW.
spent the past 8 hours revising one paper. It'd better be high-quality. Ready to work on my Mao translation!
I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.
Hey I totes just talked about how freakin awesome you are with dsav for like a million hours! <3
Need to get tan before tomorrows competition .
Department of Motor Vehicles I assume? They fund everything.
VDay Promo good thru the end of Feb. Two phone coaching sessions for $200 Purchase by Feb29 & must use by Mar31.
Munoz: challenge to think experimentally and know that processes in scholarship are changing.
Really AWESOME what you are doing with the cookbook and I love your Profile statement! Keep up the great work
~ Happy Birthday, Derek!!!
I somehow fucked up the password oh God I am so inept.
I Only Fuck Wit Niggahs Who Will Carry Me In My Hurst !
Dear human, you get mad at me if I wake you, you get mad at me if I don't. Sincerely, confused alarm clock.
#USOpen Women Finals Serena needs to buckle down Samantha Stosur is looking strong
it's not my own mortality, but the powering through capitalism/patriarchy/human-ill involved to keep h. safe & flourishing
question I didn't come across in your book. I have trouble moving seats to get position on fish because I think it (cont)
: About a buck fifty...
I love him! He is the ultimate gentleman.
Our recent marketing survey revealed that 88% of departments have hired additional business development talent recently
What are you up to? Late Night Happy Hour at 10. $5 Drafts.
Success!? I think might be responsible.
Please have her body in my house by 2am...no bag, preferrably gift wrapped. Tks.
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not
I have a gift certificate to the Kennedy Center they expire the end of 2012. The only thing that looks decent is Addam's Family.
Mario Chalmers the type of dude that'll let the coach and players smash his chick to get playing time.
all organic too :)
Alabama where both grandma from so go figure lol
#FridayReads Finishing up THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN by Excellent animal narrative for middle-graders who can handle the sad parts.
Can't get the song, "At The Beach" by the avett brothers out of my head. 🎶 la la la la la
I madly leap from 100 tweets to 101.
Hey, "gone too soon" is powerful! Awesome stuff, man. Really speaks to us
About to bus home, I'm driving over. Soon baby<3
My former Healthwatch colleague is both a foreign policy guy and, starting Monday, a foreign-policy guy. Follow him!
Most off days left? How does that work? We have the same number of games played as STL?
Europeana & ARROW metadata about unproven & disputed rights claims: "Garbage in, garbage out."
“: "the past can hurt, but the way I see it.. You can either run from it, or learn from it"”
“: "I think the city that we’re from just kinda ruined things.. It’s such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen"”
looking for some song ideas for the shows, whats some of ya'll's favorites?-BH
come join us post highlight tapes and photos for free. get exposure today for free
Worst day ever :(
Ugly man is hot tonight. About damn time.
it's a big test that determines what class your gonna be in next year you take reading math and science
Company is sending me to help Universities set up accounting organizations at the universities
Hey Jeremiah, noticed that your ssl cert is down. I know that you are a pro at this, but let us know if you need help.
Why do local TV weathermen make up names that sound like pornstars?
Oh for fucks sake.
Battlefield Los Angelos makes the Marines look like beasts! This movie is crazy action packed! S/N: I CLEARLY should be sleep right now...
I thought you liked that dog? What happened?
safe travels. Maybe ill c u @
He seriously said "im not supposed to drink with this medication"
So in the final analysis, could it be that we are fighting a war that can't be won?
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
myfriend just called me cuz shes in an argument with another girl over whether "sex on a stick" is a real saying or not. i have cool friends
Please follow me !!!!!!! It would mean a lot to me
So, what's the best way to teach students about things like the World Bank or the G8, without a significant bias? Teach both sides?
that's good- crappy for them
lmao “: How does a strippers car get repo'd? I thought them bitches got money...”
2012 legislative session is underway!
Between this #WalkerRecall & the votes in #NorthCarolina I might just move 2 Canada - not bc I agree or disagree but bc its
i just realized, kanye was dissin amber rose in theraflu, mainly about her being loose. but he's dating kim kardashian?!
i was getting there
#summercamps #lessons #activities Find them all here! www.campopoly.com
I'm surprised there hasn't been a second Armenian genocide.
your tickets are almost gone!(: YOU'RE GONNA BE SOLD OUT!! ;)
You guys should play some US shows!
just got done with my economics final.
for all of the talk about 's latest awkward enctr with human beings, lets not forget that terry mcauliffe faked southern accent
Your mom writing emails
On to #LAX. Car pool waiting -> on time departure, yes?
My phone don't get no love no more what happen
all of my applications are down! I can't even access the Heroku website or the support website! What's going on??
If we ever marry and have kids, they have too much to live up to.
ok, well you gotta do mine in color. cause all of your ex's are in black n white.
someone come love me. <3
Can't wait to make a mess of new apt.
has to be
Charmed American Television WB Witches TV Series THREE HOT WITCHES Adult Black T-shirt Tee Shirt
Follow my boy He's new to twitter but he's #sellingpencils just like your boy!!!
wedding cake tasting made a good substitute for breakfast this morn
Downgraded from a 4S to a 4 :-)
My #jour111 students are making up for it by engaging in a #twitter backchannel. It's given me fond memories of the twitter corner at
Lamar smokes weed
Chat w/Biggest Loser Nutritionist tonight - (8 PM EST)!!! Use #askcheryl during #BL11!
hehe amani chose to hang out with emma and i instead of with her boyfriend :)
hey; r u in a relationship?
TOMORROW: SETTING SUN! Race. Sex. Japan. New York. 9/11. Revenge. Come check out this amazing new play! FREE!
#TopGear is the bomb. Love
I respect a guy who doesn't use his phone while he's with his girl.
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Need to create libraries as places of strong support for creating and sharing, making novices the experts
1st class of the day.... Walking around w/ a broken toe LOL
Developing an anthropologists laissez-faire towards personal illness, I guess. Eg "let me tell you about this parasite I got this summer!!"
Omg can Howard Stern get off the show now i want piers back
lol thanks. I was like jumping for joy when I saw your mom coming in there.
comedy sketch thing tmrw should be interesting and #hopefullyfunny and reading period starts as well
we figured u was in gurnee
I Woke up jus to eat....fat girl status lol :)
A lot goes on, but nothing happens. Ever notice?
me too
How many of you are truly #happy with where you are in your life right now?
Maybe its because I fell asleep at 3AM
"Sometimes I don't understand lesbians, you know good and well you want this dick tho"
And you too my friend. Let's work together!
Im fenna get some water. That ice cream has my mouth dry!
That was a good nap
Just to give you a laugh, I'm doing a 5K in June!
Ah. I was skeptical about that one. Thanks for confirmation.
Watched Thor, and now watching Captain America with in preparation for the awesomeness of The Avengers.
Next time just tell her Martin's the Grand Marshall and she'll be there in a heartbeat.
This is for you bloggers...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
cleaning up my twitter.
This gym sesh is a last ditch effort to get in shape before I go to new York. Bus leaves in 2 hrs
Well, that just depresses me.
Thank for the mention / I'm a master carpenter, welder and artist. Can build almost anything. How can I help?
No directv time for MW3 who wants to play? ps3 user name jon123spurs
Oh sweet balls i am an idiot
I like a little coffee with my soy milk, turbinado, almond milk, agave and oreo donuts.
we are at cure....will meet u at roosevelt
Can't wait to watch the new #Khloe&Lamar tonight
I did, seconds after. Thanks. It doesn't help that the "September 13" was in 3 point font.
omg i love lol
I come home and see my united jersey and feel proud.
I can't help but notice that all the ads on Facebook have ample amounts of cleavage #probablyJustMe #theNewMySpaceWhat?
"We always talk about if we're right-brained or left-brained, I feel like we should be whole-brained." David Mack
So he texts me .. Lmfao
compression socks
Thanks. It's fun to see how much meaning can be stuffed into 17 chunks of sound.
#keepitclassy RT : Entries are comin' in! Send us your Favre Saga Haiku to WIN TWO TICKETS to LAST DAY AT LAMBEAU!
Government figures show around 400'000 pupils have been consistently absent from schools in England in the past ..
sure. But I'll need a 20K advance.
Janet Jackson: How I Got Thin
is giving us an awesome mix of the legendary queen of hip hop
uhh don't get fuckin attitude bitch. I was in topics in modern math earlier this year but I'm retaking algebra 2 now. Soo
I need eel stat! RT Today is Doyo Ushi no Hi (土用丑の日)The day Japanese people eat Unagi (eel) to gain stamina against hot weather
Very, very grateful gets my food-crush on !
Totally on the first two, have never even heard of the last! It's on the list!
lol oh no. tht wsnt dire,ted towards u. Its this girl im tlking to. I think she might hav gotten ahead of herself lol
Getting ready to visit UW Prof Phil Kim's fantastic Tech Entrepreneurship class.
Just opened Twitter account, happy to make 1st tweet.
check your dropbox for surprises this weekend!
the funny thing is I can totally see her saying this with such a serious face lol love it
I'm at Reston - so not EVERYONE is at that other place...,,
please remember that not ALL of NC thinks that way. But I completely agree with the sentiment.
Looks like we're already following you! :D
That is so cool. Have a great time sharing #vawine. Look forward to catching up when you return.
Im going to do anything i can do to get attention and ill enter any contest. My dream is to casually hang out with him!!!! <3
Help and me elect LGBT candidates. Join the Campaign Board!
#nmsplc I am trying out Firefox after years of hearing it is better than IE! We'll see
|| when you fill out the form, put you want a 90s themed party in the message and we will work something out for you!
Any second now.
Reminder 2 ArtFile users - verify the identity of potential art buyers & be wary of ne1 who wants u to pay $ so that they can buy your work.
yepp she's cool.. but i hate how pretty she is
I hope that comes back soon! We need our big man back & I so want to wear my jersey again.... Miss ya Dirk!!!
Man I freakin love SportClips. They know how to treat a guy.
And we are sold out for the day! Thanks for stopping by!
Just got two tix for and to go see to see on May 12th
Dear runaway 3.7GB VMWare process: I quit you.
follow me please
What's for dinner?
i showed my bestfriend when i look at you by miley cyrus she didnt like it a few weeks later at a sleepover with our other bestie
Longest Saturday I've ever worked. Stuff keeps coming and I keep working. Thankfully no #WHL tonight.
Follow The Adamouski to learn more about the 2011 spring biannual art competition!
Really love this 4 day weekend!! Back to the grind tomorrow at 11am. For now manis and pedis while drinking
this conversation is getting too long for twitter, let's continue in person sometime
RT : Do you guys use workout videos ? Do you like to play them on your TV or your computer?
Like us on facebook! Facebook.com/shopjez
My throat hurts SO bad and my mom wont let me stay home :(
I'm ready to be less high strung & relax more. This being annoyed ALL the time is stressful. Now it will be only MOST of the time. Progress.
Yay! I'm in #313!! Let's do a photo op at 1st intermission. usually sits in 314 so she may be in too!
LA is dominating the playoffs!
Thinks #NewJerseyTransit is out of their minds. 10-pack bus trip to NYC from $58 to $96. Total mismanagement and we suffer?
lmao i heard about that
“: How you treat yourself is how you're inviting the world to treat you. #SetTheBarHigh ” love this!
You're just trying to stirrup trouble at this point.
Over it
Chalmers is that nigga this game
thanks dude!! That sign was ours!!!
What's missing? Venture capital, which is the lifeblood of tech ecosystems. -Kaufmann
Not really n2 da NBA playoffs dis yr. Maybe im still recovering from da lockout.
6.days.left.
Stalking ur twitter cause I can!
So true... ": Quietest people have the loudest minds"
wow, that is impressive, being someone who only uses acrylic paint, that was really amazing to watch.
so old indeed. But they've still got it! :D
Hello Neal. Welcome!!
uh...snow? where did that come from?
Congratulations! It sounds fantastic! Would you like to give one away on my blog?
interesting idea
I got some beats for you that a str8 FIRE big homie!
Take care of those pebble sized problems immediately before they become boulder sized.
woah! went to bed with 4 followers woke up with 81!! haha you weren't kidding! love it!
#ThingsIveLearnedFromTwitter: and I both have sweet pups named Linus. Awesome.
Aww you should come visit sometime! Yep, and Zach is not too thrilled! haha
R.I.P. Levon Helm. What a shame.
Mass was long with the bishop this morning. Glad we made it downtown thanks to the
Lacey is so done with Chaz. Done.
Pls tell me WHY Jared jeffries didn't make that shot?? Yes he cost the Knicks the NBA game tonite. Jeffries could've stayed traded!!
great question!! great to see you at Snooze! i'd answer your question except i HAVE NO IDEA. at our apt. packing. ;)
you sure cuzo I mite have them mix I'm re chec lmao
hahah it's so god! :D
Tonight you'll get $5 off adult admission just for bringing 2 non-perishable food items to the show! We scare at 7:30pm!
#nw Freshman Father
This has been without a doubt the worse #Ravens game I have ever seen. By far.
come to project Downtown with me tonight :)
very nice!
much love where/when can we BUY???????
Really people-it's 1st amend:FREEDOM of speech-u know the libs use it ALL the time & I'll b darned if #Hankjr did & now no MNFB-scrw ESPN!!
Canadian drug shortage: recent history of a mystery
Planning on joining us for the Maritime Ghost Conference? Definitely check out the while you're in town.
An ounce of Platinum can be stretched 10,000 feet.
You Could Come Get It
"We need to get back to being scared again" - Magic Johnson on the HIV virus
That drives me nuts and grosses me out!
Well, the new Amazing Spider-Man trailer was.....amazing. *Bad Joke Eel face*
FWIW, Hitler would likely not risen to power without the Great Depression. Econ extremes gives rise to political extremes. I'm just saying
Tip #150: The higher up the ladder you climb the more you are exposed for people to shoot at you.
“: I hope Tim Duncan get dunked on” damn...
I would have dreamt of ways to go postal on that partner for that.
i never told you that and yeah you can't delete my tweets.
I'm on whenever you're ready.. just gonna leave aim on
Congrats. "Paranoia" is a terrific book.
And party and party!!
when I don't get my way >>>>
I shall kill that bastard!
Who's gonna be at for Calvin Harris tonight?
i miss you :(
Google just bought Zagat. I wouldn't say that surprising.
Heading out to run some errands. Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
My hands feel sticky -_-
Dear Netflix: I just bought my mom an Apple TV b/c you said you were updating your instant view library... She's not gunna live forever...
#PAMTransportInc This is a great company where they care about the employees so much! #CDL #Drivers check them out! #Drive a truck for #PAM!
Damn. Site crashed and already got a top-tier backer. Thanks, y'all.
romo, eli, or matt ryan? thoughts?
Tonight at Arsimonas lounge they will be playn music..#YAY! If you in the bay area make sure you show ur support..
i hope your new songs are lovesongs <3
haha after posting, I went on to read the next line, "while inspiration is invaluable, it can be used incorrectly..."
Took a nap with my baby for an hour, best nap ever.
Thick is beautiful.<3
Jasmine you dont want no smoke!
Jo's a baby. I'm very worried/scared for him. I hope he'll do okay in his new place. HE'S GROWING UP TOO FAST THIS IS NOT OKAY WITH ME
Best wishes. You can do it!
follow me? :) i love you and merry christmas<3 hahah!
Victor Borge said a smile is "the shortest distance between two people."
Miami narrow minded? And what is S-T vision?
i can't even almost start to quote the craziness i just heard.
Lewis Black is not in One Slight Hitch, but he wrote it and we are doing a fundraiser with him on May 16. More info soon! RT
i have a mind to close up this site, and have u all migrate, since you're all so into solidarity...God and i, the only important equation...
Ran 3 miles pretty easily today. Now I just gotta add 10 more to it.
- Lets see, Florida twice, Texas, Auburn, LSU ran a spread when they won it... take out Ala and USC and you're almost goosed
love your #CraftBeer HUGE thanks for coming to #mke via please keep a steady stream of our beers coming
What's the top shoplifted item for the holiday season...? Bloomberg News finds.. it's filet mignon.
Watching my first bag of screeners.
Any #ComicCon fans need meeting space? Our Presidential Suite is up for grabs during the convention, contact Ashlynn 619.446.3015.
Followback Friday. Follow me and I WILL follow back...for the most part.
g'mornin :D
I love making fun of EVERYTHING Haley Rasco says
i know you text me and i wasnt home! I wanted to freaking go
Watching Disney channel instead of the red carpet at golden globes. Thank god for dvr.
Amen. Probably the realest thing said from any Pro Wrestling fan.
Found via 19th Century Masterfile: Glass Negatives from the Papers of Wilbur and Orville Wright: aviation experiments, home and family,1897
My last show in AZ is this Friday with a life of science at martini ranch we go on at 10 come hangout!!!
I saw inglorious bastards...very excellent! beware...it was a bit gruesome...
Its Wednesday so you know what that means - LADIES in for FREE! James Ervin Berry is downtown & is in B Rip! 8:30pm! 255-4211
Education is a lifetime pursuit. On Tues., I learned about smithing. There's something magical about how a blacksmith transforms metal.
Blunts or papers which is healthier?
Who the fuck said that?
At the meeting. They really let
Might be in every Taco Tuesday for your chicken taco salad. Yum!
Custody and child support have little to do with justice. They are punitive measures enforced by the long arm of our government
it was a lovely and generous gift.... really....
Panel at 10:30am will include: Clark Kellogg, Carl Daniels (Adidas), Mike Fox (Lucas Oil Stadium Directo)....
ah...got it. most def is the truth. have a great afternoon. hit you up later tonight. :)
hey baby girl
Correction. The track's name was Mama Papa Tu from the album "Afro-American Latin". Swinging stuff. A must add to you jazz collection.
Found a scarf at in the exact shades of my shocking pink/salmon/taupe tee.
Proud of Austin <3
#raw10 No matter how old I get, to my Mother, Im still her Baby. When she kisses me in Public, I be like 'MOM!?!'
podcast and newsletter will be out today, in the mix from 1-4 am!
We miss you on
morning hot stuff
#ayeok That's my motto!
HAVE A SAFE TRIP :)
Surgical Video: Adnexal Cystectomy with case presentation (Huge Cyst!)
YES! RT If God was small enough for you to completely understand Him, He wouldn't be big enough for you to completely trust Him.
There's one ballroom girl with an infectious smile. I really hope she can dance. She'd be great on the show.
Hope everything is ok...my prayers are w/ u and ur staff.
I can work it out for you.
Blue Snowball and Audacity. I didn't even use a high pass filter.
Oz is in progress of Baking 314 Assorted Pies for Pi-Day at Sandia Tech Park. 3.14 (2012)
#ThankYouCody for always trying to make us happy and make our day better with funny instagrams and new songs or videos
and back at you
How useful is your arts degree? Let's help get the whole picture.
What are your New Years resolutions?
It was great to meet you too! You have the best smile!! Tell your FIL Hi for me ;)
Luke Worthington (Homestead) adds 15 points and 8 rebounds for Playground Elite in win over CP3 All-Stars.
Velton Jones being tended to off to side of Robert Morris bench. Been playing hurt the whole game. LIU up 46-41 15:34 left
honey roasted peanuts&pretzels<3
to hell with me...oh and to see WICKED
Finally got my Internet back!!(:
try QuickDraw to aim down... That's how I've seen people use it... Good luck
i just don't under the conflict in twilight. what is twilight about?
“: ”did you at least make sure your food was not still alive before ?
New drug-prevention coalition invites members - State Gazette
yeah...I don't know about that
Who else hates pimples?
Im gone be in texas for a lil While then move to Huston
I have really beautiful friends!!!
Just got a tarot card reading with , I don't really believe in it but it was kind of real!!! Where is my AQUARIUS?!?
I could watch Sophia Grace and Rosie from all day long
RIP Junior Seau! A true god on the football field.
do you airbrush models and r/c cars?
backyard fire listening to bob
I want this QR code classroom portfolio tool for tagging anything in my room on Monday.
Men dont chase women on a moving train while dressed as a sailor anymore.
please help pass #SafeHarbor legislation! The children house need your help!
James harden!!!
So...is there any part of California where it's not raining?
Offer a great internship experience, get a great intern. Happy to hear reviews by Thanks, !
judy! I'm gonna miss seeing your pretty face! we gotta get a picture if i find you :)
SF: Is it completely insane to drive to Yosemite and back in one day?
As big as he is, Sullinger is a soft baby.
Twinkle Twinkle little snitch, MYOB you nosey bitch.
lol saw that!
TRIVIA QUIZ Coming Soon!
Cold,lonely and missing him like crazy!
Oh god. I'm actually a little interested in going to a local public meeting about urban planning. Does this mean I'm an adult now?
Come by the Grill Monster tonight, Lomas & Penn for MNF and some FREE GRUB!
F this class!
good night Z
Given the situation in Libya, Egypt, Saudi Arabia etc., do you think there is enough incentive to follow the basic rules of war?
seriously can't stand you
finly were in the van driving one more step and i was butter!
the mentors are KEY to the maker space! They can offer real-world experience and examples.
As the magnificent bastard said, May the 5th be with you. Of tequila, that is.
Congrats Justin
the books or the movie?
trust me I know lol. Should have seen her when she came home lol.
Thanks for the RT about our CNE articles.
Get Cash Today For Your Car !⁰Free Towing!! We Come To You.
aww :( I wish you the best of luck, sweet lady. Keep in touch and let me know what you're up to.
I love hockey:):)
The heat is back. Cool off with a refreshing Bing-Su. Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
Hey Jessica, love your Tumblr. Great pictures.
New guys are good and picking it up fast. Overheard some newcomer ask "Where's that old dude with the windmill shot"?
Afternoon: the usual flotsam: met with an advisee & 2 colleagues, sent 10 more emails, sorted paper, managed tasks
#Quote2SpinBy  If you want to re-design your life, reshape your focus. — JD #quote RT
I've never wanted to be a cross-dresser so bad in my life. Do you have those in 10.5?
Scientists have shown that putting the phrase "Scientists have shown" in front of anything will make people read it
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
it's really easy...do what I do, find something attractive about them. Compliment it - and follow up with a semi deep question
Kimberly's husband told her to make a list of things she wants and HE WILL PICK what she gets from it. What should be on the list?
I just really want to see what he can do with a weapon or two and a decent o-line
#iUsedToLikeYouBut we GREW apart!
Keep tweeting AND voting guys!! #voteforMeganandLiz! :D
27 days to Christmas...... Have you pondered giving the gift of health? Getting ready to run a first time ever huge sale! Stay tuned!
What a great day. I am doing a family portrait session with the best neighbors in the world. 15min till showtime!
10:00 pm Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
nvmd why tf are you on this account!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -
know that bee in jack daniel commerical? I wanna be it.
So is there a date scheduled yet? Have the both of you got in touch with each other yet?
I need more followers, anyone mind giving me a shoutout?
RT : Rejection is just an informal way of letting you know what you need to improve on...
I'm now glad I decided to nap through the previous game instead of this one.
Have you seen any shirts on campus today?! There should be about 75 of them roaming around there.
"i'm sorry, who is this?" -person who just moved out on tuesday, to me, on the phone :(
Ross: Appeals to the 99% an effort to reach out to the broadest swath of the general public and the silent masses.
Life can only be understood backwards, unfortunately it can only be lived forward.
of the people who are trying to oust the school board members who voted to keep the book in. Bigotry by any other name is bigotry.
We're working on a kick ass web service for social capital market. Putting the final touches on our app now for SP2012 cohort.
Brand USA Unveils First Ever #Marketing Campaign Promoting #Travel to the #USA at -
lol! Yes - gotta love the Panda!
Trailing 8-0 in 5th inning, Apprentice scored 1 run in the 5th, 3 in the 6th and 5 in the 7th to pull upset comeback over Spalding.
Its funny how people acuse you of the shit they are actually doing...
Thanks Nick - you're very kind!
At first coffee was usually drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the fifteenth century it was being used by everybody.
Leaving the US Open! Enjoy your weekend!
I believe that's part of R.I.C.E. that we were taught in the army.
if you ship yourself with tacos, can I ship myself with soup?
Trying to grok that HTC Android's synch utility CAN'T SYNC with Macs. #smartphone/*not* Back to 3rd-party utilities
Until Sat. only, use the code PreLent and receive a 25% disc. on all our books, incl. even more savings on the collections! + free shipping!
Must sleep in tomorrow, flyer downtown for TXRD event, Turfcats final homegame (ticket giveaway!), then TUF finale at Derek's. Eat sometime.
pretty cool article. Slightly surprising!
And I'll bring the trailers and bedazzling gun!
If I was in The Hunger Games I'd be in District 4... I like water.
Suggestion #8 Thank your opponents sincerely for their interest.
did you get the proposally thing & I did?
Believe (in yourself)
I like my privacy with paparrazzi ;)
Econ 101 when you come to visit
Bring the beat in.
I like how I was stalking you & retweeted something from like yesterday :p
good, trying to text (technically tweet) you back without ruining my wet nailpolish on my nails.. Lol how are you ?
i swear, if i have to retake geometry as a course next year (because i fail the semester), i WILL transfer to west.
Why is same sex marraige so frightening to some? I truly don't get it. How does it hurt people?
if have said once have said 1 mill times. old school. plain. the original. #sendmesomepainperdu #doesn'tfamilymeananythingtoyou?
Thanks peaches! ;)lol
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving - Albert Einstein"
Hey - Good luck tomorrow! Will be thinking of you, can't wait to see pictures!
Hey, a man has to have his standards/protocols.
Yay - finally a hit -
no. i would help build it.
dollar menu shit loll
are you going to GO CRAZY with me ?
Peter Gelzins of Boston Herald wrote how Tricia McCorkie CEO Delaware North (Owns TD Garden) sent POW flag back to vet:(.
Best of luck Gregg...nothing like seeing #springsteen live. Went to one of the shows that closed out Giants Stadium. Amazing
By the way, Go Trojans, Fight ON! Beat Notre Dame! I am be pacing in anticipation of every touchdown!
Sending all of my Convio juju your way. Remember our course is in the LC if you get stuck!
of hot librarian-ness, at least. Unless you're wearing a cat cardigan and a lanyard nametag, in which case you've got it covered.
Service Sparx tip #1: Encouraging your team to show their individuality when dealing with customers can improve customer relations as well…
What? I'm assuming you meant *scrambles to grab bow tie*
You can't remake perfection ;-) RT If Hollyweird remakes Ferris Bueller, I will stop watching movies.
To my Greek friends...Don't treat elections as a way to punish.Vote for the future,whatever u want it to b,whatever ur political affiliation
Love :) RT : truthRT : but Lou Williams swag is unstoppable
Tonight to the CD release of my friend since high school ! Very excited :)
I would expect nothing less!
Pilates does not have to be expensive! $45 single private pilates classes. $400 for a 10 class package. 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
I saw that happen before and the girl beat the crap out of the dude with a radio antenna.
The Cleverest iPhone In The World! Thats something!
Thanks! I'm on the new site now and bookmarked it.
Congrats Ryan! We are glad you decided to stay on for another 2 seasons! Your fantastic.
Oh well...looks like weird wording to me...i drink the wine but fish makes me vomit
Im really playin dance like a stripper at this club wit all dez white folks in here .....lmao funniest face expressions ever
Anyone have an estimate on the number of attendees expected at #RootsTech ?
in fact, I did. Let me ponder. Watch your mailboxes.
Fighting Brain Cancer: Taking out more than tumors - WFTV Orlando
You really are into pumpkin flavored beverages, aren't-cha.
Its so great i should tweet about it. Ha ha
Hit me up for tables and free guest lost at PURE, vanity, LAX (Mario performing apr. 13th) rehab or wet republic (David guetta tomorrow)
Our students had a GREAT time with their tutors today!
I have no idea why I am about to go see Final Destination 5. But its the last week before college and I love my friends
One of the first things I hear this morning is my mom saying I get to road trip to meet this summer! Best mom ever! <3
It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net
carol said she's coming for Spring Break!
That's always a good start! I've heard good things about working there too.
RT There is a new food truck on the scene All natural, mostly organic soups and chili.
:-( I left work at 130... I knew that was gonna happen - be safe!
A 6 flags trip needs to happen really soon and idc who with I wanna feel free in the air. If I could, I'd go everyday 😏
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it." —Yves Saint Laurent
thats jut where its AT.
Thanks so much for coming to #neasist09 today! Great talk, & you set the perfect tone for the day.
"I got shame about myself, but I leave that here with my ring and with you." Great line from #Glee about leaving an abuser.
are you guys involved with the iPad app? Just went to watch the video and it says it's private. Any ideas?
I think everything is gonna be alright.
Oh, I love me some Geoff Tate! Saw the Empires tour when Type O Negative opened.. it was a bit rockin'!
Here's where we see if the defense can hold it's own. I mean with the caveat that the game doesn't count.
Making music is a way of life!
a week ago!
Everybody loves raymond is such a great show..writing at its best
bre u just left me like Monday lol
We will be closed on Thurs., November 24 & Fri., November 25 in observance of the Thanksgiving Holiday. Have a safe and fun Thanksgiving!
Thanks, Mike!! RT : sounds like you need a
I just upgraded my Honey Fish Market in my town.
Awh not anymore doe.
I am distressed that an uncommonly strong bond of patient Dr. trust should be broken. new contact information please private message me.
"You have to ignore your sexuality to deal w/lonliness"
It's Migne 6.182 if you have online access at your school
I like how wade tried to kick bynum knee doe
Good shot Blair
Good information already shared at the Big Ten Network Social Media Summit in Chicago. Good perspective around the conference.
LET'S STAND TALL AND BE HEARD..GO TO WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.COM RIGHT NOW
had to walk away :( on a strict meal plan and somehow trainer always knows when I cheat and makes me pay for it on legs day haha
Follow? c:
FINNA CHECK OUT THESE HIP HOP AWARDS
I never completely unpack upon arriving home. I'm awful.
Jaevon doesn't wanna be glasses buddies. :(
Oh Larry lol! “: Went to the Chinese buffet on lunch. I showed that buffet who was boss”
Well that's certainly a big jump. But VERY cool! re: Eberling
youre an A-whole you have Badiyha thinking I cheat
Marisela: can you turn off the light *pretends to grab the switchy thingy* x)
oh boy.
i think the best way to feel like we know you is that where so alike and through twitter and youtube its like we know you:)
Mens levi cargo shorts 29.99 and up, and ladies levi shorts and sundresses.
A slight tingle a yet quere feeln
Let the Holy Spirit speak to you about your choices--past, present and future--and His plans for you.
My best will never be enough
Thanks for following us, Nilesh!
you should put in a word for me.lol
Little baby shoes promo code coupon
Thank you for all the shares this week
Virtual re-match?
Yer only happy when i buy you stuff. -.- ugh.. <|3
you might have the best cat names EVER!
also, I won't be back in til Friday, I'm looking forward to it! Was thinking we could meet John for a drink after work?
Chicks always complaining about not being able to find a good man.. Bitch lower your high ass standards then!
Redneck Word of the Day: RECTUM. I had two nice 4 wheelers until I rectum!
Want to test your language AND library skills? Try cataloging obscure Spanish novels all day. Yes, I'm taking pictures of the good ones :)
a day without dancing is a day wasted - ted.
Best tweet I've read yet!
It was a day like today.
Alright I See You Bringing Out The Shorts and Sandals
New Rick Otton Real Estate Book Exposes Creative Strategies for Property Investing
You are so welcome Princess! Enjoy your prom ! I'm so glad i found my perfect dress! Thanks SO much!!
I vote they make a cheer icon on the emoji app. #prettyplease :) 👑🎀
I do that before & after I fuck bitches.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Sorry, was in Avengers. I do know, but DM to me where you are in book just in case
who shapes Alex's boards?
"All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name." Psalm 66:4
#offline Oh god.. Selena hacked me :) I love u too Selena - xo Demi (:
I told you silly! Your turn!
I know its not even half time, but I'm putting this game in the refrigerator.
sharon needles is my bitch. <3 so happy she won!
not the way it works in Cleveland where we never get big names always trade down and always lose.....
Heart broken at that last RT...
too bad the weather will be clear in Boston today. Too funny if the NHL would stop a game on ice because of snow
Thank you. I'm all about snappy....and great hair.
Lookig for good examples of IR deposit licenses. Are there any out there that you think are exceptionally good?
RT I'm only 25 happy birthday sir ....wishing you many more
We are following back bud. Have a good one!
good luck today Haley
Come on! Meryl Streep & Julia Roberts in film version of August: Osage County?!? Why on earth does this sound like a good idea to anyone?!?
Ok, future BOYFRIEND you can stop playing hide and seek now....---
Good Morning all. Hope you had a great Easter.
Thanks, Danny!! RT: It is decided, their new name is "Good Burger". (at )
Don't wave goodbye to haters and nay sayers... welcome them into your galaxy. They can't keep up with the frequency anyway.
Your music speaks the way I feel! And that's why I tattooed life is beautiful on my side! Thank you! Xo
never should have gotten that far. and he hit a home run in that game. and ... oh
Justin Bieber ♥ & 1D ♥
Oh my god we have lime popsicles
I think the word you're looking for is "Seasoned"
The once ambitious one now holds the smoking gunn
I don't even want to know what's in the Jack In The Box chicken nuggets..
People put you down enough you start to believe it... the bad stuff is easier to believe, you ever notice that? --Pretty Woman
Currently listening to flash dance "maniac" wondering why I'm Listening to flash dance "maniac".
better than being at the mall or any store I'm sure
Crazy day for roundball. The Madness, the trade deadline, and my fantasy basketball trade deadline.
Just ate sunday dinner. #MobWives later.
Mini-vacay to California for Memorial Day and my lil sis' graduation? Yes please! Tickets booked!
he is still their tour manager i think! this came up recently somehow...
Web Archiving Policies and Practice in the US 2012 in full swing at Columbia. Follow proceedings at
m, this strikes me as complicated enough not to be worth discussing on twitter.
Rule 3 - form an advisory board to help your business. Cardinal Rule from ,
Are you saying it's long and I'll need a snack? Or just that you want a shawarma?
Yay for my sexy sis for being on set on a gorgeous day outside.
RT : Spending a day on Twitter taught me so much more than yrs of PD at most of the schools I've taught in
Me too. Probably for different reasons, lol.
Unfortunately, I have already seen today's Joy of Painting.
If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out
I have never been a fan of him. I could see him being that childish considering past things I have read of his.
There is something they're not telling us! Bumpy landing
my lovvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. melts my heart
OMG that was our favorite last night
well me and tony beat your asses so me and Hayden can do it easily!
Gotta finish The MUTES sticker, and keep working on a logo project. Lots of thumbnails I need to develop a bit further.
WHAT !! RT : Oh my gosh Glee is live AF...... Really my first time watching it
hey Alexa, pls come 2 a benefit 4 master drmr Rudy Walker nxt Friday (www.rudywalker.com/benefit) Peace ~ Henry Rock
Going M.I.A today fuck it;
Your Welcome!(:
i thought that Girl was bout to rap then that?
Two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different!
IF YOU LOVE HIM SO MUCH WHY DON'T YOU MARRY HIM?!?!
So stoked. At the end of March I'm going to perform something weird at
Thanks for the follows!!
funny as hell tonight
Big K.R.I.T. 'Live From the Underground' Tracklist: B.B. King, 2 Chainz and More Featured
new follower, huge gunner fan, still haven't caught a game you've played tho...
Liked the Toyota "Camry Effect" ad. Definitely a car that's about family stories, life events, everyday moments
Anyone else got Exams coming up?
So It's My Sister's Birthday Tomorrow.. Its Going To Be The First Birthday That i wont be with her.. I Miss Her So Much</3:(
My hair needs to grow like 6 inches .
Aww snap they singing my song.
Yes! Imagine that? Saw very pretty design work that was completely illegible.
;) I know you don't want me to
We've seen every episode of #seinfeld at least 25 times. We don't need to watch it again.
Nope. -RT- : Is it wrong I'm more excited to know the Laphroaig Distillery Manager is in #Seattle than syfy celebs?
My birthday is in less than 2 weeks.
I grew up in West Torrance! Of course that was 33 years ago...
Hey Fashion Girls followers, got an tips for us to RT to our HS girls that follow?
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers especially my mom your the best and I LOVE YOU
I want to join you
Happy Friday!
send me yo email so i can send u sumthn
great so far :) wbu
Wings and Bruins! #goB's
Watching #SOTU. Good points about importance of student aid and higher ed.
Thx for adding Invested in several interesting companies incl. & more
Make sure you vote today. And feel free to join us in the ballroom of the Capital Plaza Hotel in Frankfort at 6p.m. as we watch the returns.
No, cause she was infront of me. She threw a slushy at my car
Robert Pattinson is my background on my new phone. I'm going to have a coronary every time I use my phone now. Gah! <3
My smile came from from her tweet earlier today.
Happy birthday, good sir. I hope it's been merry.
. supports 8K change agents/year from 160 countries: scholars, teachers, scientists, artists, political leaders
Birthday birthday birthday happy happy happy !!!
am me cell Ph no.
Epic Question of the Day: N*Sync or Backstreet Boys?
Reboot Charlotte: Cameron Moody, DNC Senior Advisor | Charlotte News
Always great talking with , can't wait to be in Ghana next month working with and filming the rest of
Good morning! Thankful for another day of life!
Live This Thursday Night
yeah yeah! Asshole:
Covering the Milwaukee mayoral race tonight. Newcomer McDonald taking on Barrett.
It's basically the tone of most articles now. Saying that he is at most a gimmick for any other team.
I take that back...all my classes are cancelled and no work! Today is great!
So, so sad the QuickTime Player 10 does not have image sequence support.
All movies checked out before spring break are due back on the 19th!
Just sitting in the car and a spider decides to make a web all over me without me noticing!!
Even though I didn't watch American idol tonight, I know about everything that went on! :)
kbai tweets...i'm putting in a movie and relax the rest of the night....sorry Panthers!
More and more paperwork and proposals... I can't complain about the potential work, but business documents sure are boring.
noo lol. It's me :P
what's up
AW MAN
The first changes in the new, expanded Cumulus happen Monday... all the details hit your inbox soon in Monday's RAMP.
Marinara with fresh garlic, spicy tofu, sliced onions, fresh mushrooms, and marinated artichoke hearts.
Happy New Year!!!
Oh, and Happy Birthday!
See you there!
Yes. It's crazy. And there's no evidence this is a big thing that's really happening out there. Because it's dumb.
Attention aspiring #PR pros - this #FF is for you! Must follow = Everything you need to know about the industry.
Good morning to short ppl in houston! Lol
has such a beautiful voice as Heather! Sing it!
Haven't got there yet. :P
Good list - thanks for sharing!
A legit D'Lush is opening up in our church x) hahah sweet :D
UEFA Champions League final Bayern vs. Chelsea is this Saturday 5/19! Match starts at 11:45am. Come brunch w/ us and catch the game!
#ArtFact: Ancient Chinese artists painted naked scenes but would never paint women's bare feet.
Screenwriting groups are so inspiring! Start one in your town today. Thanks for the mention LIS!
kyli always was good at making enemies. Lol I never really knew you though
exactly - its the same for everyone. part of winning is being able to adapt when conditions aren't ideal.
woohoo! Thanks for the support frank.
: Go 2 sleep
It's getting closer to our birthday
Apologizes for the spam from her testing the blog function on ReverbNation, and will now go hunt down the function that caused it. So sorry!
so, since i'm not your everything; how about i be nothing? nothing at all to you.
Working till the new year start. gettin ready for the BIG12
Isn't it great? Once I had a word for the phenomenon I started seeing them everywhere.
My friend is having a huge "moment" right now.
Extra late but this Brian McKnight song/video....either he's on drugs or suffering from a mid-life crisis. I CANNOT. 😂😭😂😭😂😭😂
follow me!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 36
Why did they have to go and ruin The Lorax?
We got Facebook and the Twitterverse buzzing, where else do we need to be to get the word out? A Meet-Up possibly? Any ideas to share?
Haha, wise decision.. (:
New York bound in 11 hours
majority of that is hoesssssssssssssssssss
Beach soon......... Going to the #1 beach in america YEAH BUDDY. gotta love florida!
Cool screen name! Just wanted to ask you since you live in ireland wanted to know cool areas. Never been heard its beautiful
RT : A setback is a setup for your comeback! Press on!
fortunately you can still follow #orphans8 on twitter! We're live-tweeting all day long.
Wow! A very happy birthday! Hope it's a great day.
I just realized why my leg has been aching all week - it's been raining. great, this is my life now.
life too short to be sitting around miserable
I feel this! 1st wk back was this wk congratsRT : Have in-laws coming in town back to work Monday. Should be full of rage soon.
Ughh i feel like crying i seriously just don't know what to do anymore i think I'm just gonna turn BISEXUAL!":/
You will always get out of something what you put into it. If you want to be happier- SMILE MORE. If you want to be smarter- PAY ATTENTION.
Being surprised that a church is having services on Christmas day is simultaneously utterly ridiculous and totally justified.
im with on that.. i think she kind of uses him.
Life is all about ignoring the stereotypes and being what you really are and showing them what THEY really are!
Snuggling and The Masters.
- HA! Holla next time you're in the 2nd City! Beers on me!
Thanks for the :)
The state of Washington just took a step in the right direction
thanks! I'm traveling today but will check it out tonight or tomorrow! Be in touch soon!
If this wind keeps up there's going to be a tree in my bedroom.. :(
so now that some time has passed, are you happy with your switch from android to iOS?
Welcome to Twitter & excited to meet you at #momcon2012 ! We can give you tons to tweet about this week! Safe travels!
I knew that might offend you.
#oomf is feeling it 😂😂
welcome to twitter kid!
but you replied?? 😳
Pratt & Commerce each Wednesday
Headed to today. Looking forward to the spa and pool and shows.
I'm good btw, you?
You are so Nice thank you Sexy
I guess it's gonna have to hurt I guess I'm gonna have to cry &let go of some thing's I've loved To get to the other side
broke into a sweat loading paper into the printer. could be a bad sign.
Buckeyes win!! Nice job getting into the Final Four!!
It is way cool. I have been there in person and i thought it was very awesome. Glad you liked it.
Now I must go get the book
Me: Thanks for picking me up, Mom. Mom: You smell like old ladies.
Happy President's Day!
RT : Having dinner on H St. feels like dining in completely different city.
Should you see an entire thing it appears that it's always beautiful.
Jay Hoggard on WKCR W bro Sharif Abdu-Salaam. Promoting Jays gig at sisters place in Brooklyn.
OH at park "Mom, I have to pee." "Go over in the trees--just not that tree you're playing in." (bathroom 100 yards away.)
Great workout today! Getting film ready is different than being #BIGSWOLL! Lol
nope...not that one.
who else likes watching legalized assault on PPV?
move to new england!
2nd fryer is something we would love, sadly no space unless we lose the oven & then we can't roast
Anybody looking to get some pix?? :)
Two more books highlighted by : Promise and Perils of Big Data (Aspen Institute) and Your Life Uploaded (Gordon Bell)
#sprint we haven't had phone or text service for hours. Our son got stranded & couldn't reach us till we came home to land line
did you give it a cracker? polly always wants a cracker.
"he thinks barefoot running shoes are couture"
I'll be working with you (:
the one where his dad beats up his mom?
After taking in the last full day of fantastic Sunday football, I couldn't be less excited about watching the Patriots and Giants again.
lots of people complaining on the forums about #Adobe's new price plan. for pro's the ROI is incredible.
Do you prefer the slow burning discontent of the single life or that of the married life. I think they're about the same.
Can you follow back please?:)
And I will try to fix you.
"I want to be an anarchist but my religion says I can't" - something I remember hearing in the 7th grade hallway.
One has a nose. The nose scents and its chooses. An artist is simply a kind of pig snouting truffles. Igor Stravinksy
true. At my old job we used to sponsor the dairyland classic surf contest.
It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you can’t because you’re still waiting for the impossible to happen.
RT : Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Ooh, could you ask her about academic shibboleths? I seem to run into a new one every month...
Thanks to for the blue checkmark! That's one big blue checkmark on our bucket list :)
looking at a san diego meeting next week, but I likely cant go, sigh..
is getting ready for school! She will be studying music composition!
WISN-TV live from L.A. after the results show.
I am a real human being and, a real hero.
hello Ms M!
Meddik is a health-focused social media analytics and engagement platform. Meet us at smw ny, we'd love to chat
What up
For a limited time only: $200 creative services...Logo, Advert, Stationery...
I usually dont/want to play this...'Talk Show Host?'
Trying to make it in modeling and acting
starting its very first Broadway preview in 5 min... Woohoo
he's something all right
Goin to Jamerious house later : ) I hope he's ready to cry when i beat his ass at monolpy : P Were gonna stay up all night long' : )
I'm freezing:(((
Suffocation and The Faceless will be back in Las Vegas! DM for more details and reserve presale tickets!
Is it just me or does Star and Lil Wayne's daughter look VERY much alike??
Vice President motorcade just went by. From the sounds of it {each day}, there sure is not any overtime at the VP office. And the...
Niggas trying real Hard to bring the Box Haircut back.. If the Mohawk didn't get you no Pussy, this shole aint!
I edited an audiobook and walked my dog and ate sandwiches. That is the #HHAwards I give myself.
So, now you'll spend all of your "what would be FB time" slanging tweets?
Bias~ The wise man carries his possessions within him.
Dorothee Solle~ If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something I can neither give nor receive.
you know it
yep, clean out the trash and make this thing exciting
ALL of those things. Y'all don't even understand how much I love ALL the asses. Even the tiny bony ones.
Beautiful sunset tonight with the choppy storm clouds
damn, we'll have to figure it out
Dude I think he's doing the dice thing too much... It's really all he's got
I still laugh my ass off everytime i see the phrase "Adolf Hankler"
Hangin with iguanas on the beach.
I Miss You:( Haven't gotten a Tweet in so long. But I Know your busy. Hope your doing good! Love You!
i was not informed of this human/change...
My eyes are like seriously red and bloodshot, and I don't have any clue why. Off to the bus stop, today outta' be fun.
money money awesome stuff
Cinderella, you shall go to the ball!
Up all night once again.
that would be classified as "mile low club" ;) u went the miles but didn't get high enough.
very soon!
it was with my left hand it really wasn't that serious -_-
have fun at home and tell your family I said hi!
New contacts! I can see!
Girl you the one.
I remember those days :) m rubies mesquite shrimp burrito! Bomb ass food :)
What about tomorrow? I'm confused.
High Point Christian School Auction happening this Saturday at 6pm!
Watching KU basketball loving the new kicks, but make me want to rock yellow ones like the Jayhawk!
well thats good for her :)
won't you teleport 2 me.
Nope, just an awesome violation.
Get your car ready for the weekend! Get 25% off any detail! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & #eco friendly!
I'm more the "watch the parade in the air-conditioned HUMMER" type of guy.
not at the moment, but it's on the horizon
From El Mry to Southern Comfort to the Art-B-Q lots of PBR events in ATL for Cinco de Mayo
well then have an awesome day just to really piss them off
Follow ---> Your source for creating success in your business, through social media strategies and magnetic content!
I can do it but it will be a very fast review - due at a friend's at 2 p.m. for game day. Email d.patrick.sweeney at gmail
How was ur visit? RT : coming tonight! Get excited
I'm courtside at for #Celtics, but also give a follow to , and for analysis.
Kat Von D Is My Wife , She Just Doesnt Know It Yet ;P
I'm Long and Gone
To produce a mighty #book, you must choose a mighty theme.
Young Weezy looking colorful tonight....
Yes! We're talking vaccines tonight. Let's hear it!
"If you were a topping on a pizza, you'd be cheese, 'cause everybody likes cheese."
Morn'in Twitter Heads!
beatbox= sweet sound but painful on the wallet.
Who really cold at rapping tho !?!?!
Sumtimes, my hardest decisions r the easiest decision iMake & iGet clipped b the SIMPLE decisions smh
Gotta love spring games! Off to hartford at 630am
we always have deals coming in, so let us know your dates when you know. Happy New Year!!!
Alexi Murdoch - Orange Sky - 09:46 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
