his name is zack :)
i think its the GIRL! lol but it kool i think they only some a few today and holding the rest til 2ma
Go Birds!!!
Thank you everyone for the #FF and for new followers
#hth2012 Yan: now talking about the "New 7 Wonders"
AH NO HE WONT HE'LL HAVE MORE ALBUMS AND LEGENDS NEVER DIE!!!
For all of our friends in Utah, I hope you are having a great 24th of July ... or Pioneer Day.
same thing.
#KimKardashianSplit I Knew it, just not THAT SOON.
welp bout to plug in tha pod and get cleanin I plans tomorow
lo siento pero that is not the truth para mi
hahaha err, fine. whatever. :x
im a reall7y really really huge fan of urs luv u ah rt plz and follow me
Hope my students watched the VS Fashion Show!!!!
Give yourself the power to make choices in your life.
I love all my fb and twitter stalkers lol
I'm proud to be front Detroit, tonight and always! - Heidi Ewing
I don’t know but that God has created some one man great enough to comprehend the whole of this stupendous crisis . from beginning to end.
Marriage between women and those dumb shows ": Has the bachelor or bachelorette Resulted in any lasting marriages?"
Middlebooks with a salami in his 11th career AB. So often you see a fastball following mound visit…MiddleB saw it well indeed
“ #Taurus women are masters in the art of seduction. She will get what she wants but her patience is incredible.”
"do you keep hearing crazy voices? TURN OFF FOX NEWS" best bumper sticker ever
A wise man makes his own discisions,an ignorant man follows public opinion. proverb
Me too!
it would be nice. i saw both episodes. its just a good tv show.
Wide awake and no way am I ready to start the day without any sleep! Anyway, morning to you all :) Psssst
Also, I really wish they would announce in that Burrows of the #Canucks is a Yankees fan. Might be what the #Bruins need.
I would...
just left!!
- hmm, I used to be her boss, and you can't tell that from her headgear. But for a few minutes she was my 1200th follower.
RT fuck that shit “: I just want to love you ..”
I know this disappoints about zero of you girls... but I'm now engaged! I will let you know where to send weird sex gifts.
RT “: open your eyes to my dark world & let it's beauty encapture your soul...
who's up for a
72 degrees and beautiful in Richmond. Working from home...too busy to take out my camera... ugh
I saw a _____ tattoo that was a complete EPIC FAIL because _____.
hahaha The cost of being in style
Things are starting to get hopping here at Music Hall as we gear up for "A Swingin' New Year's Eve!"
well im glad prom is ruined now.
Awesome js geo estelle! RT Some awesome ideas at #atthack. ... outcome ... I am really hungry for some bacon.
Ues egg whites too can cause bloating. Not always but it's very common
Book abuse! Somebody call the SPCB.
Cow & Chicken my nigga.
whatever makes you sleep at night :p
It is never too late to be who you might have been. ~ George Elliot
yes, I am.
I thought yesterday was a good day, today is even better! God is good! :
so drunk and can't stop talking about it
Wow I cant sleep, can a girl comeover and tell me about her day so I can sleep?
": I hate sleeping alone."
Same here. Same here.
just doing my thang.
The most disappointing moment of the night: in a group of 11 college kids, nobody knew who Schroeder was.
Almost time for me to pop another Motrin 800mg.
I think I worked on every possible FOUR14 project today... Such a good day!
just got done with the photo shoot : )!
A all I saw were two big Fiddles!
Always be happy with you. Never worry about being happy with others.
Thanks for the follow cutie.....
have took turns of being full and being empty.. I'm hungry now. meat meat meat meat meat ^^
#birthdayshoutout goes out to
well said Santana
I know somebody who can help you with marketing! Let him know I sent you :-)
Thanks for following me! ♥ and #FF have a good weekend!
I need my nails done, a pedi, & a turkey leg from the fair.
cute baby table!!
It's terribly sad to see how bad Muhammad Ali's health has gotten.
Just watched.. Coldplay on Ellen.. Love them guys
I pretty much forced myself into that dress. I have five months to not be a mammoth for this wedding.
I just saw that PSU's film dept is screening Manhunter at the hollywood theater. Do people actually think that movie is good? It's terrible.
Lets talk promotion.
why would I be frontin? its the truth, lmao height is the first thing before anything for me for obvious reasons.
Governor Cuomo speaks at 130 about?
wait. Eye rolling is impolite?
Saturday would be great if you please
Heading home! Going for a run with Doing a little work on a side project. Then LEAGUE NIGHT.
He said he hasnt been able to work bc of the #TrayvonMartin case...WELL DUH!!!!
why is hummus so addicting??? Lately, I have to eat this stuff everyday. what is it thats in hummus that sends strong cravings?
1.Today dropped my Iphone on the toilet= CATASTROPHIC
they would love that as they are presenting their semester multimedia projects ;)
oh. my. god. this is ridiculous!! RT : the only penis i need in me is the one that is growing inside of me.
City of Glendale, Glendale Police, and Glendale Firefighters love Submarinos for lunch! Find out why!
being on twitter on your phone and computer at the same time ahahaa
seeing you is just as much of a must!
I really don't understand the gypsy culture...............
I couldn't have said it better myself!
A-16 games. From a 42 year NFL season ticket holder. Don't want to see the season pushed deeper into winter
Thanks for the mentions!!!
RT - On deck New England Patriots follow list entertainment were takin over!
did you know the song? or was it just getting matched up against the dancin' aces?
I'll be sure to get them for your wedding!
Thanks ! will demo >20 of our newest apps at #LearningSolutions and a slew of other events this year!
Um I'll take that as a compliment?! (Max was in my top 5 parts too :P) Good 2see u & thx4 contributing to discussion! -CV
Always good to see the #Padres beat the #Dodgers. doesn't matter if we only took one in the series. Long year
why the fuck am i awake ?! I should b sleep rite now, the fuck?!
Those you would have to design and send artwork for. No design and No Free Shipping unless you spend over $200.
New blog is up...second part (Sayago's) to come this week! Hope everyone had a great weekend!
The LimoLiner ride out of NYC is certainly bumpy. On the highway now, and it's relatively smooth sailing.
At rally.
Its not about the way you look its about the way you are its not about how i look its about the way i am. - Phylicia Rashad.
hat seed u think Memphis gets? 6 or 7?
We are going to start weekly contests and giveaways soon....Tell us what you would like to win!
Oops! I'm trying to search for Jamie foxx luv that sirrius xm show real talk
Worked on parents yard. Sammy Maloned my car to a nice white shine. And enjoyed sunny day outside with the fam. Brewers failed me though lol
Well said!
Look forward to meeting you IRL as well. I frequent events, among others.
it is a really good song but at this point it's only on the country chart, if it crosses over then we'll have a chance to play it
I took two charges in our championship game tonight, first two of my career! Lol. Felt like my man !!
likewise! We're always looking for new tips to share with our friends.. New and old!
hahaha I know!! I even melted cheese onto the chicken when I got home /:
"i'll lay your stuff bare" --well, she's now M.I.A.
Hut one, hut two, told them hoes take a hike !
I think it's kinda funny when I look at Chris dunken and he says you think your hard...
. Congrats handsome!!! You are WI's MVP 24-7, nice to know everyone else thinks so too ;-) #Wasthereanydoubt?
Dave made a convert of my client Katrina today. At least I think (hope) so.
we are total noobs! it's a new magical land of awesome.
I know! You better not be alone right now. What are you trying to buy?
I got dibs on that when your done
The "Twinning" turned into "STALKING" !!!! Hahahahaha
Do you know what the vBlock Architecture is? Ask me. It will change the way you think about your data center.
Stand Up for B.A.S.E. Camp is in 3 DAYS!! Come see Michael Winslow and support B.A.S.E Camp!!
i know but i promise u one thing
I am who I am. I’m weird, I’m lame, I run into things, I spill food, I trip, I scream about random & stupid stuff. But, I like it that way.
did u see my last tweet?
Wow ever been doing ur homework and u loose r pencil and its behind ur eqar or back in ur binder lol
that's a screenplay idea I once had for a dark comedy. I need to write it.
Been such a boring day.. Btw when's that snow comin??
If you want a happy ending, it depends on where you stop the story.
A proud man speaks as if everything he/she does is right..A wise man listens to everything around him/her and says nothing..
Dj Mitchell is the new Mariano LOL!! Don't he look like Mariano when he started?? funny sh!t
Thats right. Anything goes.
And AK47 is my fucking address ;)
Somebody send me a GRFS beta code please!! I want one too!!
Please Retweet Sunday May 27 #H2WhiteParty #IndoorOutdoor #MeMorialDayWeekend HIT ME UP IF U NEED FREE TICKETS!!!!
it's a great idea lol
: Orlando. Our new date is on September 30, same venue. Never had to do this before, I'm sorry for the inconvenience”
I completely thought you would go 6 for 6. But I'm glad you didn't. This was Viola Davis's win. Not her best acting.
i just miss the way things once were.
Drive defenders crazy with Arteta's dribble; take advantage of Walcott's speed; and your virtual self for the finish. ;)
Can you give us an idea of the location? Have not heard of this until you messaged us.
Dont think I wana go to colleg nomo if it changed dem den its gne change sum part of me well foget dat
I'm not saying I hate her, I just hope she gets fingered by wolverine.
We cleaned out 50 years of trash from a dilapidated garage this morning. We will demolish the garage after lunch & add a picture of our work
So very, very glad to have seen you! Happy you enjoyed yourself!
on the lovely day of partying and drinking? Happy Belated Birthday gorgeous! Did you party it up??
make out with him. Just in case.
Pandora life synergy: it just spit out "Baby, It's Cold Outside" on my Mad Men station.
I read this and thought "Daylina would find this useful." Then I realized you're the one who tweeted it.
God is in the rewarding business? Isn't charity its own reward?
Can't wait for Todd Mitchell's new book Backwards to be released...sounds wonderful and thoughtful.
cargo out today?
you butt... Friday? Idk bro
Congratulations to Terrell Suggs for being named the AP Defensive Player of the Year!!
DSM - my home town!
looking forward to it! :)
just had plátano...yea buddy! thats the stuff:)
Employees photo. Brandon 'owner" in the middle.
beating yourself to death???
for a rainy day cheer me up of half off wine. Watching 9 1/2 weeks for the first time after this. Heard it's pretty, uh, HOT.
After anatomy final tmrw && I shall treat ourselves to applebees & toast for surviving the B.S in anatomy class 😊🎉
is that sheet-fed or web die cutting?
we should all have a moment of silence sometime today
"What's breakfast? Egg McMuffin. Corner of Broadway and Belmont." Great quote from
#AskJennette what is your biggest fear? :)
And SOB. RT : I am declaring it Untucked Button-Up Shirt Friday at Mpls City Hall.
hahaha well im not NO UR NOT KISSING HIM CUZ HE ALREADY HAS A GIRLFRIEND
“: We must!!” <~~and we will , if not I'm taking everybody out on my block.
Oh man! You just got told by the librarian!
#drupalcon is now describing the views UI. Of all the difficult challenges in Drupal, this one tops the list.
My cart page is just hanging dammit! Am I not going to get it since it's sold out now?
Cause we don't have shit
at Hines Building located at 525 B St today from 9:30am-3:30pm. We've got special deal & spin wheel so come visit our booth.
A pin broke off the sim tray on my Google Nexus S. Where can I buy replacement part? I think it's SMSNG6098700.
#it was playing "party in usa by miley cyrus" in the mall and i sang from the beginning to the end
thanx alot candice i think i got the flu
#doritosandamovie....work is too great right now
I'm going to Vegas in 17 days. AHHHHMAAAAAGAAAAAASH!!!!!!!!
Thanks! I'm mad I purchased this pump and it doesn't have all the pieces.
Oh! Very true, I'm sure. I've never had the canned before... but it's good to know they're not very good :)
We sure didn't!!!
new flavor, coming soon
#FridayReads Hellen Keller in Love: A Novel by Rosie Sultan
Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you a great night and
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse, u will b miss.. luv ur music :)
Bout to go out and have dinner. have to dress nice. ugh...... can i just go in my pjs?
well said, well said...
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Expectation: Your priorities aren't always the same as those who are answering you.
Ask Bo if he thought Jordan Taylor was a decent player despite no big ten title. Let me know what he says.
Hey do me a follow!!! I follow all your friends. :-)
Younow is not letting me log into facebook!
Same here!
But you never know a special guy might change my way of thinking
Ashamed to even share the same last name as this chump from Dook.
I watches that YouTube video your in. Not bad, still can't whoop me though...
11:11 in San Antonio :D I WISH WOULD TWEET OR RT ME 😢💔
My only motivation for coming to school tomorrow is the fact that I have an kickass job interview waiting for me after school.
keeps on sending me spam mail. 😞
Interesting, I'll pass that on and have POTUS get in touch with you ;)
I want to do something fun tonite!
yes I must. I don't have any on my phone but I'll DL from FB ty xoxo
Good point. Maybe that's why I never read it?
RT I absolutely love wed nights with and
3 day load needs to explode. My man left today to be with his fam. Who wants to help?
thanks Bob great presentation!
Happy Tuesday! Love yourself and others will have no choice but to love you as well!
Le back dimples u_u why are they even there??
She is ALWAYS one of the worst dressed. And why does she always look so mad?
Website is coming real soon.. be on the lookout.
Our $5 charity class on Sunday @ 3:30pm w/Lauren will benefit the Calvary Women's Services. Help us help the cOMmunity through yoga.
i didnt say that
I SO want a hockey hug from you, too.
Publishing is worldwide, Berlin mtgs now worldwide. B9 first meeting in North Amer. Now 33 signatories to Berlin Decl in NA.
Great idea, but it's cups because of the keg RT “: are you handing out canned or bottled beer this year for Halloween?
A girl told me she would tap me..
gonna need a VERY large TARP?!?!? lol
Monster Mania Truck Show @ Lazy E Arena, Jan 7&8! Tickets start @ $8! For more info & to purchase tix visit Lazye.com! RT
how come i don't ever see you anymore??
We jumped ran danced laughed #headshots #photography ! Thanks for referral
I'mma just start replying to all my celebrity crushes when they tweet till they reply.
I bet he gives good head cause he always brags about it. Susie likes him, she said he's a couchino boy lmao😄
less than 20 mns until I release my first music video! :)
"He who is silent is forgotten; he who does not advance falls back; he who stops is overwhelmed;
Drs Randi and Paul Hagerman will be on hand at the Art of Beer event to answer your questions about Fragile-X syndrome and autism
sorry I'm just never gonna talk to you again, for a while. I screwed up everything between us:(
"Wanted You More"-
you hush (:
hey Ashley!!
If there was strife and contention in the home, very little else in life could compensate for it.
Can someone please tell me where the "more like a 6ft turkey" kid from Jurassic Park is these days?
tried so hard to avoid reading the 9/11 encyclopedia issue that i read the entire thing in one sitting this morning.
Taco johns! (: thank you nicks mommy!
yes time for another one and let us know ahead of time misssyy :p
Now you've slapped a $40 reconnect fee on my mother and wicked person on phone won't remove.
You were amazing tonight in Miami! I am so happy I got to see you :) You're beautiful inside & out & never forget that <13
Do you have a question about a rule/ ruling? Tweet & we'll see if can help.TDs are to use fairness as their top priority when ruling
Couldn't agree more. Thanks for the kind words, Matt
After a week of awesome auditions, please join us in welcoming our newest members: Emma and Rachel!
Still in the studio o____O and missed Krav Maga, but so worth it! Omg!!!
ok so i followed
The dream begins again
james! Omg im sorry I was knocked out! :(
Big announcement coming next Monday! It's exciting :)
I'm Good Man Can't Complain ..
Just saw In the Land of Blood and Honey, a powerful, gut-wrenching movie that depicts the realities--and horrors--of war.
RIP Chad the Roomba. He was good while he .. well he was dead since I knew him actually. He died of a broken leg.
RT : When someone complains about short comings of ur service/product they r giving u an opportunity to fix it.what do u do w that?
It was the first link-baity adjective to pop in my head. :)
shit girl. Just hop on Caltrain. Let's not make this super weird but what street do you live on? I wanna see how close u r!
Just email joelle [at] theblacksheepagency [dot] com with you address, please!
RT"Last year,I loved my life.I got good grades and I fell for you. this year,I hate my life. I'm almost failing school and you forgot me :(”
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER... at RIO... & at KLUSOZ
no no no, actually it isn't! ;D
Thanks for your support!
School -_____- Mondays blow!!
RT "Charles Barkley texted me on my way to the arena. He told me to just keep my head up." -- Brandon Roy
happy to hear that
my namde is brandee and im a stay home mommy and i'm doer!!!
Your #Timeshare can be sold
I thought you meant Dead Boy's guitarist Jeff Magnum at first!
SA bar reports that Richard Goldstone secretly supported apartheid! (Once his reputation is destroyed, I'll retract this spurious report)
Let's party @@
Have you heard the good news? St. Drunken's Day returns 4/21! Direct message for more details.
Hey would you please get out of my head so i can stop daydreaming and actually be productive today? Thanks :)
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tips! Esp on a day like today...
Hi sorry to hear that. Let us know if we can be of any help.
I'm reading up on the team. That way I can actually engage in the Olympic Track Races instead of just look on in awe.
Multi ethnic destruction in America ..... M.E.D.I.A
hmm try to search horror movies on Hulu.com u luv?
Miranda Kerr Keeps the Tea-Length Dress Trend Alive! Miranda Kerr can pull off any sexy ensemble. But last night, at the after party of t
That's my fav place 2! Let's go together soon! RT : Post-work cocktails at my new favorite spot with
One of those nights were I'm awaken from a nightmare & will not be sleeping at all for the night .. Someone text me please!
WE'RE THE CROOKS HERE & WE JUST LIKE TO ROB YOU SO LEAVE YOUR GUN AND TAKE THE CANNOLIS
Also, while I always fantasized about blaming you for scratches, that's not what I had in mind. ;-)
IND to IAD. Notebook full of science, infrastructure and collaboration.
aw!<3 and I'm gonna die when I see your picture too! Ah:D so excitedd!
wow. this is intense. holy shit. holy shit they are going to win.
I need to hurry up n get a new iPhone /: my camera is broke n I don't like pictures on my iPad. It's always somethin.
When our network went down this morning and no one could post to web and social, my team jumped on iPhones and iPads to get it done. Bravo!
you and italian food sounds pretty good right now (;
He leads the league in Infield-Fly rule outs. And no one will catch him.
Hahaha well thats what your in school for right?? Haha
Exams graded - all that is left - three batches of final term papers...
Just started final disc of MY LUCKY LIFE ... - memoir by my lifelong crush/idol Dick Van Dyke.
Im confused. was that a real dog?
The University of Houston's M.D. Anderson Library receives approximately 23% of all U.S. government documents in circulation....
#FF writers I adore! and a special #FF for uber-agent
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. -
I would really like to know what just happened? I thought I was dreaming but..my phone says otherwise.
S.&P. Downgrades Nokia&#39;s Bonds to Junk
Still looking for employment since being back from vacation. Preferably in the HR or Administrative fields. Any suggestions or tips?
yes SIR enjoy now being trained to become pet kitty kathy woman for her use and pleasure
Carving pumpkins?..... HELL YEAH
At bayshore in da night crawler
I honestly couldn't be happier right now
lol the sad thing is I'm not even kidding I'm so lazy,yet really athletic. Haha(;
but why?
Pro: the thrifted top I'm wearing today is incredibly comfortable. Con: Pretty sure it's a maternity shirt.
thanks for the follow. We will hit you up soon! Peace.
"I'm not pretty, but my time is good." professor Steve Houghton.
Just got done talkin w/one of my colleagues. On top of his game as always. Enjoy talkin2guys who know what they r doin&talkin about!
Haha RT : Great idea. I'll tell Roenicke. RT : Why not move rickie to short and play scooter at second?
Mother Nature must not be a Democrat.
lol think I'm getting a suite that night or maybe the whole weekend !!
Very excited to hear Dr Violet Harada and speak on ways to "Engage & Empower Students with Technology"
Thanks Jimmy. Email me if you'd like to continue our earlier conversations. Thanks!
doing hw dont bother me(yet...)
We're all just a bunch of ladies with good taste ;)
RT : Okay finally finished reading the license agreement on my iPod Nano and accepted the terms. Wait, we have a black president?!?
cjskakxnskndkwkddb i cant even type normally anymore
My daughter just stood me up for lunch. Eating all alone.
Thanks for the #FF!
I'll be at THATCamp. If you're going, we should meet up and discuss DH at NU.
lest go
I was a little disappointed there were no morels at the moral meal. Nonetheless, it was a great spread & very educational.
Children cannot raise themselves. They need caring individuals to help them when no one else will.
Q: Best Valentine's gift --- flowers, candy, jewelry or clothes?
Although didn't win, we are honored to be selected as a finalist for #ABOY2012. Thanks for all your support.
Whose ready for dodgeball this Sunday?!
Never have I meant this with more vigor: Well, last night happened.
Killin time before i have to get ready
Headed to St. Louis for NARUC meeting. Looking forward to talking to folks about
Defonte's or Little Piggy? Can't wait to see your compiled list. Putting it on 4sq?
Who do you think is doing the best digital storytelling these days?
Christmas list:
thanks for posting. You should do this talk
it will dry. Lol
Mass Effect 3 obsession! Gotta present my single on Citadel, then tour Illium and Omega.. and the rest of the galaxy))
Yes. I think many don't realize how hard we work to make class relevant & interesting. Nice to be appreciated!
Love that Janet Abrams included several #OV103 photos in her slides.
Heh…we didn't have money for that, either.
Congrats to for getting the #1 rock song in the US "Love Bites (So Do I)
Thanks for the sweet tweet!
Under SOPA(Stop Online Piracy Act), you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him
4/20/2012 A.S.A.P. & PhiLGooDEnt will be throwing down once again @ T.R.C.A.'s for #HipHopHouseParty! Live performances! 3Kegs! Jello shots!
lol if he's sexy then Randy needs to bring him the next time we go look at a house!
Rajon Rondo is taking over this game!
Noone can hear shit anyway. RT : I feel sorry the the ppl physically #Rally4Sanity because these Mythbusters dudes are boring
Every piece of the universe, even the tiniest little snow crystal, matters somehow. I have a place in the pattern, & so do u -- T.A. Barron
My head is burnt to a crisp, and its peeling, it looks so gross.
Ride to LVCC only made tolerable by listening to Isely Bros. next up: Big Sean.
whenever i set an alarm i end up waking up right before it goes off
I finished my application except I don't have a current resume due to my new job. Back to the editing.
in the a
Asain Buffet with my mom and little sister. good way to kick off the summer! :D
dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine surfactant apoprotein... i may not be able to pronounce it, but i can tell you what it does
Welcome to the Patriots, Ochocinco
We need to use you for a shoot too.
On the way to Orlando Airport(: then flying to London, then London to Glasgow, Scotland! Any Scottish stans?
I miss my music #dj_kitkat_$
#ICON12 App still not working.
Kreider earning his stripes
Yeah kinda, but Jonas are better.
no only me hey can we talk tomorrow I need to go to bed if not I won't wake up 4 school
Yes, rise above hate and bullying esp. against kids with autism & other disabilities. U R a good person and I'm your #1 fan.
i have some UNREAL work from year 9 which i want EVERYONE to read it is truly exceptional x
#Imagine Louis: I really like your outfit today. You: Thanks. Louis: But I think it would look better, off. *winks*
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE MY TEAM NOW MY TEAM IS 1-3 OMG!! SRRY TO SAY MY TEAM GOT NOTHIN TO DO WE'VE GOT 2 STRATEGERIZE A NEW WAY 2 WIN!!??
damn wish i had known we already left - cool huh?
A big thanks to the know-it-all kid in my chem class for blurting out all the answers before anyone else has a chance to think.
Can u plz help this account + my account get some more followers??
beautiful eyes by the way u have
worked out. showered. cleaned. and cooked lunch for the boy.
MARRY ADRIANA ALREADY!
This weekend I am reading everything about Marvel that I can. This stuff is badass.
hahaha omg well I can't do anything today but I'm free the rest of the week!!
call me
I had a long day....that long ass test i hate bein a junior!!!
:) Smile... Today is a great day!
“: #nowwatching girls just want to have fun ” rebel w/o a cause meets the sound of music
Starting out the third day of our Kickstarter project with over $4000! I didn't know my eyes could get this big! Wanna make 100% today?
Closing on a house tomorrow #houseowner, will miss #426, , come visit tomorrow night, I have beer, bring a paint brush.
Is today your birthday? It's mine too. You described exactly how I'm spending my birthday morning. Happy Bithday!
why didn't u come get me first?
Happy 21st birthday! Party it up! But not too crazy cuz I like you in one piece:D &Im still waiting on my invite to your party;)
1/2 day, then off for a wedding wknd!
Shout out to my 100th follower
Okay thanks Nick!
RT : Keep your heart open to dreams.(here) there's a dream, there's hope, and as long as there's hope, there's joy in living.
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO??
Sounds awesome!
All :) 's this morning
surviving Chicago?
Meet you at the Guggenheim?
How about we all stop tweeting about what people tweeting shxt slick annoying >___<
Law firm in West Los Angeles seeks Real Estate Paralegal with strong title and survey experience.
on porch in Louisiana. Drinking bourbon though.
Thank you Sir.
Hope ur lights are ON! Checking in for the return of the USS Ronald Reagan.
barely escapes certain death in the press box.
Justin Has Beautiful Eyes♥.♥
Pubcon Las Vegas 2012 To Feature New Social Media Marketing (SMM) Masters Group Training Program
#ColeHamels drilled #BryceHarper intentionally. Harper later stole home. #Winning!
Watching #tabathatakesover. I'm so in love with !
The Holliday Family is very grateful for all that we have this season.
The rain has ceased! Thank the Lord
HOLY F. I wish it was snowing so you could put a snowball in the freezer.
Thanks my boy!
Reading the Hunger Games in one sitting like an overzealous teenage girl...crazy or just an inevitability?
thanks so much! You guys rock!! :)
what channel is it? I usual watch it on the computer lol
lol enjoy #selenagomez talk to you next week ;) #gchat oh yeah
A few adult reads: The Forgotn Gardn, The Help, Cutting 4 Stone, Lovng Frank. YALit: Maze Runners, Hate List, Chains. & U?
You are a savior and you take brokenness aside and make it beautiful, beautiful. :)
Winning would be great, but the Brewers' main goal today has to be avoiding any more injuries.
lol stop it
not usually, but due to a drunken bet/dare last night, it became one for a minute or two. Still not exactly sure what happened
It has been so cold recently that 36 degrees feels like down right tropical.
best friends are like diamonds precious and rare. false friends are like leaves found everywhere
I'm afraid to say that is why... they told me, but i didn't wanna be the one to have to break it to you..
SOUNDS GOOD IM NOT SURE I WANT TO GO BACK TO WORK AFTER BABY COMES
yeah weber was taken 49th I think.
On Sunday, my 5-yr-old was suddenly ill. He got a fever, told me everything hurt, and went to sleep on the floor. Tonight that's me.
Good morning :)
I need to get signed(agencies talking to you), I have it & I am ready #signme & if not me is a
yes, when can I next pepper you with overly personal questions?
And you talk about phoniness that's cute
Christian Louboutin Belle 85mm Ankle Boots Leopard Print zappos ...
Lmao... Remember that one >>RT : I was smooth pissed cuz Alac pants was way baggier than mine
What appears to be the end may really be a new beginning.
RT : Like the Arts & Crafts Era? Learn about GMD's Jean & Kathleen's guest lecturer for the Interiors & Furnishings class...
ever felt like a paper is literally trying to wrestle control from you? this one kicks & screams with every part cut or changed.
Tks for the RT! A powerful article that defies stereotypes of my home town! (via )
Except they can spell "media".. lol just kidding Dave!! :)
Many a pupil has gained more wealth than his master.
my picks went out in the 'Derby Special' Tell me what you think ?
People sometimes take the simple things in life for granted n wonder y it's the simple things that make you happy
I want some Chipotle
Oscar WildeThe economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather forecasters
": Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word.."
Gov Dayton speaks to packed rotunda
YES :O
4 days outage? Why? Did I miss something?
any mentions about hospital discharge?
Want a free #EABF ticket?! 1st person to find Todd in EABF gear wins the prize! Ready, Set, GO!
droopy eyelids.. goodnight.
u know if u win ur bringing me ... :D
If you're booked for a spray tan today, remember your rain jacket or umbrella! We want you looking gorgeous through the weekend :)
Walked around campus for 40 min to get 2 letters sent home
I tweet you like crazy!!! if that makes sense :)
Love U ~ #feelthelove fr #GA <3
Confession: I'm crushing on all five members of One Direction <3
So my local library doesn't support the Library Anywhere app. They use Encore so they just need to pony up?
I've been thinking about it for a long time, and have decided that now is the time. Tattoo time, that is...excited!!
o man. I missed her like the one and only time she came to chicago and am still kicking myself
I am praying for my husband for the same thing...LOL!
are you downtown and do you deliver? :) -CV
AJ on the verge of the rare complete game loss
Give up being right, totally completely, now and forever. -Deepak Chopra
Alex, I just had to finish up an APA test. I have a few choice words for you.
I'm down bro
The #Wonderlic test we took was an 8 minute, on-line version. There were 30 questions. I answered 22 before time Ran out. Not sure % correct
at least we have each other!
@ Johnny's, got a table, a few drinks in, come on down, spots clearing up
Haha... Jamming out and just got up to get something to drink meanwhile, and I come into my room and my sisters tablet is on full fucken ...
Walked into the break room/kitchen & thought "Why is there a curling iron on the table?" but some questions are better off not asked. #what?
Sky's the limit
Yep, found these seats on Craigslist. Amazing what's on that site.
I don't see the issue. It's a purebred whose owners are responsible and raised $$$$$ for the Humane Society.
Off to a great start in Dallas! Just had the best massage of my life, layed out by the pool and now off to play with my pretty sis!
Looks a little scary out, whipping wind and flying rain.
The #Celltex #AJOB #bioethics story is so fascinating. Uncovers long-submerged issues in the field, abt professional standards & status
Watching Charlie Rose interview with Twitter CEO Evan Williams talkin bout the future.
So pumped!! #OAR at #RedRocks !!!
How did your gig at The Sheldon in St. Louis go?
#THATCamp #Games applications close at 11:59pm tonight. Boo!
most deffinately "ain't no mountain high enough" :-)
I'd margarita with you, but I'm a state away in GA...
I will not miss the chance to see one of my favs and good wrestling
A crushed ego only gives way to humility
Day 65 of 100: I am thankful for the tree that knocks gently in my window
People who take #dietary #supplements tend to exercise more, smoke less and eat more healthfully.
Will be taking a closer look at 's Audit & Certification Standard's slide. Is your trusted IR trustworthy?
Had a great time #oah2012 #ncph2012 and hangin' with
The test of being a good host is how well the departing guest likes himself. Marcelene Cox
what about the coffee pot?
Just a couple days til our first pitch! Wish us luck!
woop. woop. leaving for LA today!
um, of course she did!
well played.
#clus go Redwings! used to watch a redwings farm team in Rochester, NY
"It is the innocence which constitutes the crime." Baldwin, The Fire Next Time. Speaks to #TrayvonMartin case in so many ways.
lmao...you better put your contacts in
that's incredible, Nice work. I never saw the board til now and seeing it all together is impressive.
she said she's gonna bring me punch and not what I originally asked for which is wine lol
There's no way I can be turnt up with no voice
Scariest little mfs just crossed the street... I thought we were cleaning up
I'm trying my hardest to keep going but it's getting hard everyday. I never expected it to be easy but I'm steady wishing for brighter days.
Life just isn't the same anymore.
Lunch today with Governor Jerry Brown. Thanks to community partners City Club, Independent Voter Network & SD Taxpayets Association.
Theater Listings: April 27 — May 3
Cinco de Mayo .... beer me
no ticket for whiskey fest :( free ticket for dep/red fang :)
i wanna to run around in circle too lol <333
Tacos are so much better after midnight.
Baltimore native and resident ;) I travel internationally for music, but this is home. Yes, we are hiring. Stop in
Hm..It's ur bday, #Californication drops today, wonder what ur doing to celebrate?? Wutever u do, have a beautiful one!!
The pool is a wonderful 79 degrees and I can't wait for John to get home and lounge in it with me. Darn work events on a Sunday!
IN ORDER TO COMPLETE ONES' NEXT LIFE CYCLE.. HE MUST BREAK OUT
Have fun with my big sis and her husband :) Make sure the sweater has jingle bells!
told ya;) lol cheer up buddy now we are back to our old crew!
gah all these cloud cost startups suck. Is nobody working on telling me how many reserved instances / etc to use? Optimize, not aggregate.
I still pray for the people in Kokomo (my hometown) shit is still crazy and it won't ever be the same !
Filming video promo for Letter Box today.
So I Was Tryin To Call My Lil Bro's Cell And My Older Bro's Ex Wife Picked Up And Said This Is Not His Phone No More
Why can't people understand that the speed limit is just a suggestion
u remember the Netflix commercial lol
I said "Wait a minute Chester, you know I'm a peaceful man'' He said "That's okay boy, won't you feed him when you can?'' - LH
Sometimes horror movies are marked scary because they r horrible.
RT Acting is a craft and an art & that's great if u wanna do community theater. But it's also a biz.
Nicely photographed, and I liked Mpho's cameo...but I can't stand by /anything/ Nike does.
I think I know some people who could compete with her! ;)
hey you! me neither :)
I saw Jerry Springer and I got a pic with him at Michael Musto Party!
r u kidding me? Did you say that before or after Rose and Noah's injury?
:"IUPUI's mascot should be the Hoosiermakers." That still tickles me.
Have a magnetic March!
Listening to young money , waiting til grandparents 2 get home :D cant wait to perform e!
Roll up
no. We shall not.
no it dances what do u expect!? Night WUV Ya!!!!
thank you so much!
Among my indispensables: Jeffrey Toobin on matters of law and the courts. E.g., The Nine re SCOTUS and The Run of His Life re the OJ case.
A time to be born, and a time to die.
that is so awesome!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
Drop everything now, meet me in the pourin' rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.
bruh fuck that team shit im doin me an yall can slowly watch yourself get played by a real boss
Is there a list of updates somewhere? Can't wait!! Headed to Europe for a month so perfect timing.
LOL Thanks for the follow- 'kiss ass women' LOVE that.
Trying to cure your case of the Mondays with Scotch at work? Try a clothes cleanse instead. We can help. #MadMen on the mind
also, i hope you can get back on the evening jones sometime soon, sans tech issues
I love that it lays it all out in a simple, compelling way. Montessori's books are essential, but not necessarily breezy.
I want to see tonight in DC!
What do you think will happen to Mac now that Steve Jobs has passed??
he's doing good job!
I love my besti she the fuckn best:-)
#HowToPissAChickOff tell them unlike other dudes Im real so dont be mad
Wonderful things are in the works. If you can't see it, it's because you're not supposed to yet...
My iPad is like cocaine!
Green grass 😍
Make these FTs!!
Worrying is using your imagination to create something you don't want. - Abraham
Appreciate it. Saw Pantera in Concert twice. Awesome. Phil was a big saints fan
Dear person that slightly changes the email subject each time you respond... You must stop. The de-threading cuts like a knife.
I love being on set!
I've always found paranoia to be a perfectly defensible position. ~ Pat Conroy
Thanks for inviteRT : Its 'bout that time... #KingTaco Here I Am! lol
It’s the beginning of the 37th annual National Volunteer Week... so does anyone feel like doing my laundry for me?
I ate about half of the pasta. My stomach is so mad at me right now.
where is that at?? Looks good !!
You are welcome. We love your mission and hope to help you.
Great to see you guys live! Keep up the good work.
Ctfu, Your Just A Walking Oxymoron.
Perspective - Munch's "The Scream" sells for record $120M, which is still less than 1/2 the budget of Pirates of the Caribbean 4.
Thx for the follow!
Happy Birthday 💙
Pour it on boys!
Congrats Yellowjackets softball, opening their Liberty League schedule w/ a sweep of RIT, extending winning streak to 9 games! #GoJackets!
i miss my little!!!!!!! see you soon?
Neutrino already fired, hired as HP CEO.
sounds good u can be my tour guide. I belong to the sol Melia vacation club so I can stay at any Melia all over the world !
Watch out for zoonoses
Tom Crean needs a haircut!
Do what makes you happy.
Wishing BIG #Festivities to everyone celebrating #SaintGeorgesDay today!
oh that's right!
Me too. :) How are things in your world, Ms Wendy?
no one likes me. why bother.
Anyone who says the Nats 3 straight wins over Philadelphia are meaningless doesn't hate the Phillies nearly hard enough.
why preschool?
Woah! Thanks for the respons. Dude, love all your tracks!
Why did i wake up at 7:00am -.-
old earbuds from an airline when they had the air based audio system
Made some progress on my projects. Next up tomorrow: hammering and etching metal.
OH: oh, come on, son, you can spell "incestuously."
I had fun last night but got work today From two to ten
liar liar pants on fire.
when he texts you first saying cute things♥
More Sarah Silverman please oh please oh please oh please oh please oh please...
midnight craving for noodle kugel.
On my way home so tired !
love it!
im hyper
thanks Lisa. Hope you are well.
Downtown on 6th street.
I'm as passive-aggressive as my mother is, aww ☺
I think that new Nets logo is great without the word NETS on top of it.
RT : Sent a text to and today: "want to jump out of a helicopter with "?
NY State of Mind
Here at FETC today. Can we touch base?
That's FREAKY
cuttin my hair one more time today & then im just goin to let it grow back out lol
RSVP: Tower Hill Entertainment
Another great night
The only person I show affection to is my daughter , idk why
Social Media Don't - Starbucks continually allow negative comments go unanswered in their own facebook instead of monitoring & responding.
We on the Grind
I'm starting to journal. It will be awesome to look back a few years from now and be able to see exactly what I was thinking and doing today
Montero trade. If Cashman trades Robertson, he's a moron.
i love watching but we the Pirates suck they just suck.. tonight.. no offense and poor decisions..
o sorry. well deleting the tweets because i don't want all the fanbase to get in trouble because of me
4 weeks to a fabulous flawless fall face..3 stemcell facials and a peel. Repair & Rejuvenate your summer skin.$399 thru Sept 1st $900 value.
GET TO SEARCHING LADIES. <3
` My Baby Cosuin Asked Mhe Do i Love Him , I said yes Then He said " Guess What " I Said what , " I Love You Too Big Mahogany <3
On my way to my last shoot. I hope is awake lol
ive been away from twitter for so long twestie ;( (fail cry facee) I MISS YYOU
Just got hit in the boob by a baseball while waiting on my bus.
If not don't even worry about it, I'll take the PERT Tuesday. Whatever is fine :)
You rocked it! Great job.
Finally getting some rest before heading out to the gym later.
I never understood of a female takes care of a guy, especially when he treats her like shit!
Who needs to rage for the next 3 hours?
yes agamos lo!!
I see you have MJ in ur photos awesome. Didnt know you were a fan :-) thats great!
Kassandra Hartford on Porgy and Bess's primitivist-modernist, anthropological and authenticist discourses. Great stuff.
4700 goes out to hope to see alot of y'all boys this summer
Thank you for today. I am grateful for the learning, growth and love I received.
awesome, looking forward to digging deeper, let me know if you have any tips.
Madison follow my twin(:
RT : I Really Dnt Like Alot Of People In This School .
I'm starting to get really bitchy. I think I should go to bed..-.-
keep flapping your gums, yer just jealous of our Indy food truck revolution - we call your type tablejockeys
If u think about it..people that are policemen are the people that were bullied back in highschool so they get authority
oh wow! That sux!
yeah, why not star in Old Yeller 2, lmao!
Omg omg omg omg omg
"Love takes energy that I'm currently putting into music, so for now I'll just pipe my notepad."
Nothing but positivity 2day...COME ON GET HAPPY!
I'm applying to the soc grad program this december. Would love to get some info from you.
Nothing better than writing four pages in two and a half hours. At least I write my best when I'm in a time crunch.
Thanks! Show off your personality or your skills! Illustrate what you can do with screen casts or videos performing you skills.
I'll be there Tuesday! So Excited! : u in SoCal yet? Having a #TeamLove conf call talking abt you! Way excited! :) WebVocalCoach
#uCantBeToughAndSay you cry during movies
I have only 2 e-mails to respond to in my Gmail account. I have no idea how that happened, and it amazes me.
Going 2 B Epic! : Only one week till birthday!!! Let the last min detailing begin!
studio tonight! then hopefully stopping in to see 's show. 2 festivals out of town tomorrow then back for a show on Sunday
It's possible that this skirt is 2 short. But I'm gonna try it in public, observe the response & make adjustments if need be
RT : "You really do become that to which you are most exposed -- Look at your friends first - that is your future" Denis Waitley
real shit rite there
Taking a Fucking Walk
are you guys going to warped at all?
Festival de Fiesta Broadway is the largest Cinco de Mayo event in the world & it's held in our hometown of LA. Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
Glad you're joining us! Tweet us and let us know how you enjoy the program - we'd love to hear from you.
In the case of a vehicle collision or workplace injury, who is covering your back?
Aw, good thinking you sharp grad student, you! Let's hope you're right. See you tmrw morning!
I've been following through Good luck!
Wow the #Rockies are killing it!!!
You make up for that dive on the field the next day when your hip hurts like hell and your arm is covered in strawberries. <<
Oh man I have heard of this happening many times. I'm sorry. Its not a cool move to do that to anyone
Thank you so much for your support!!! Don't know what we would do without you!
No i wasnt think about dino mating...i just kne they had sex n thats what i was saying
I was supposed to hit up broad ripple too tonight
cuz I found the funniest picture of you when you was a baby with ya grand poppa lol ima clown yo ass
very little in gender issues... and very little about homosexuality. I agree wholeheartedly
el oh el!
"Adele is the grown version of Taylor Swift" Me: You did not just say that, you better RUN!
Awesome timing today. Didn't have to wait for the tram going either direction.
Sunshine, you know you wanna come out today...
Dan Boeckner has the coolest voice ever.
got it on the DVR, looking forward to watching later
welcome to tweet world Homes
this american life. you've done it again.
I've heard stories of this cheese making when we used to party at The Hob Nob
O.o ok Lmaoo
I like the way life stream from aim works on the iPad....and it updates fb, myspace, Twitter and more!
All of my tiny plants are under cover. Now let's see if the effort was worth it or if Mama Nature is gonna say, pfft, yeah right, girl.
“: Live without pretending, love without depending, listen without defending, & speak without offending.”
With the way the mosquito's have been treating me you would think I had a flashing free buffet sign on my back.
Today's show is downright ridiculous. listen now !
My leg hurts... A lot!!
Geeze calm down. Fine, new video soon. First ever sketch/skit ;)
Spring showers bring driving safety hazards! Worn tire treads and windshield wiper blades create dangerous driving conditions when paired...
Damn. I'm taking her to the dance and shell wear my jersey friday
Thanks for following us!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses i still like you but we should take a break. lmao i used that a couple times
Today is giving new meaning to being a geek. Happy Pi Day (3.14...) and Happy Birthday to #AlbertEinstein!
Remember to get out and vote for in the primary election today!
ahh! I see it now, thanks for the heads up lol. Love that they just randomly changed it
#PeopleJamesHardenlookslike Osama Bin Laden
Happy Birthday !! I hope you have a wonderful birthday beautiful girl!! I <3 you :) <3
Virginia? Where?
Ravens have never been in the same division as the Colts.
sure do hope the BD cum through wit tht gud radiator warranty tht ill cut the cost down alot...if not sht...ima have to break them off ..SMH
thanks, but I gotta give credit to (incredible writer, if Mashery is ever looking for a Czech-based employee.)
If I don't follow back on twitter I'm sorry. DM me and I'll follow u back! :) Jack Barakat RULES ;D
Its with LoseMyNumber and Orleana at mojoes. 6:00. $8. Be there or be square. Or any other shape you'd like.
I can't keep being just friends with you
And there is only one "o" in "lose"
I looked at our promise, and I remembered tht you're not following through
Funny watching women in fancy heels tip-toeing thru puddles. I'm wearing top siders. Change to heels in office.
15 point lead is nothing in the first quarter
I'm having dairy queen by myself for lunch bc never wanted to go with me earlier this week!
seriously? it's May.
Sounds great Janet!
when you go to Texas, I recommend The Music Vault on Veterans Memorial in Harker Heights. My boys Downsiid own it!
Ya I mean it's just an act... he's been told to have a persona and he sticks to it for television fun. It gets old.
why does my life have to be so messed up ? just gonna sleep my saddeness away ... i got one question though ; why me ?
Yes !! He looks like a cuddly animal !! Lol
Lil Wayne video tomorrow ... One Wonder in the bldg
Happy 15th Anniversary !! What an amazing accomplishment!
Lockouts,Mythical College FB champ,College B'ball void of talent, Baseball=joke....are we in the worst sports eras ever?
Thanks. Will follow up shortly.
scratch that...White Christmas all the waaaaayyy
Thanks! And I met this one in a bit of an...unconventional way. He seems a real doll, though. So here's to new adventures!
RT : “: I hate watching the news it's so depressing man” its sad... << fa real!
Mentoring is a brain to pick, an ear to listen and a push in the right direction. - John Crosby
Sometimes we have to talk it out to walk it out
“: Happy Friday!” and to you too! How's spring looking in your neighborhood?
#opeth just segued into their ABBA dancing queen for proggers number. Nice!
Thanks for following!
Los Alamos post office official: evacuees' mail will be delivered to Pojoaque High School. Bring photo ID to claim your mail.
Why do you feel you have to spark interest and use the word niggas
i can't believe they killed marina on the fresh beat band. i'm looking at you,
really wishes that her damn pants would arrive...stupid UPS
even tho we're probably annoying you now xD just DM us! :D
Jessica makes the best munchie snacks
RT : 100% code coverage does not mean your code is correct. It _does_ mean that you tried.
“: if instagram cant help you be cute, you have no hope.” LMAO your going IN ! <3
Glories of Jewish deli -- Friday w/ Henry Hong, John Shields & Knish maven Laura Silver 1 pm
please make and permanent hosts of Morning Edition. They make the news fun and are a joy to listen to.
Avengers was awesome
“ Lol I hate kids,!!! 13-16 years old , stay the fuck outta my face”
Everyone be careful out there. Tomorrow is Saturday the 14th.
I predict that 's Born This Way Ball will gross at least $330 million.
I'm having a sucky, lonely day. But tonight...Tonight is #Revenge night! That will erase it all!
Ms.Sphar, I disnt actually bring drugs and alcohol to school, it was a rumor. You can stop watching me so closely.
“: RT if you had to take the "Walk of Shame" this morning...”
Great time for 11 Judicial Circuit Historical Society Reception!
if you wanna loose ya
No way!!! The one off of Johnson? I'm going to bring you a snack.
IT WAS FREAKIN PERFECT
thank you :)
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in & heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED.
Good morning U.S.A. I have a feeling that its going to be a wonderful day!
Snack Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar
#IWannaKnowWhy Tank Tops aren't considered office attire.
ya. It could be like a klout score. Only a Doosh score.
I knew it was only a matter of time.
At least we're supposed to get some sunshine after today.
my timeline is exploding with tweets to you. i wonder if you even see this. well I SUPPORT YOU FOREVER <3
yikes! Hope you feel better!
Yes, he is Chadd but then so are you!
on the air with Al-Tariq Best the founder of FP Youthoutcry a wonderful new youth organization in Newark..you don't want to miss the wisdom
#YouGettinPunchedIf you invite me over when you don't have any food.
#UnfollowNBA movement , sorry boys I had to do it.
Of course, *we* all had that as an option. (eye roll)
RT : Wrapping up a successful night at Georgia Brown's
safe sex really is the best..f* it !
If 2/2 people are wearing Fidora's (sp?) - You know, the hat. Is that weird? Keep in mind we're going to Aruba.
I always watching a episode of #OTH before bed!
Chinese food today. Subway yesterday. And Wendy's the day before. I don't feel like cooking.....
Do you put it back on your brush or get more?
That hurt.
seeing our first candiate for the position tenure-track. All finalists are very good !
Move along. Move along.
Happy to have you at our theatre!
Of course! And thanks for your support of #MKEDAY. Let us know what you come up with to celebrate, and we'll spread the word.
Happy Birthday Celine Dion! You have one of the best voices I've ever heard.
Piez shows an SVG visualization of Frankenstein w/nested narrative structures, overlapping chapter structures, density of quotations
No CMC tonight! Maundy Thursday and Good Friday services both at 7pm this week. Hope you'll join us!
Haters gonna hate.
Snow! From inside, it looks quite lovely...FOR NOW.
Stop being dramatic Dai! RT : I don't know why you're embarassed! I feel BETRAYED!!
Being childless and hungover for "Take your child to work" day?
true! Sense of entitlement not justified!
Whole time that Twin mad she couldn't use that syrup tho. Plan failed
how are the boys?
Sketchbooks ready for pick up in labs. RT : having major sketchbook withdrawl. it's all 's fault.
We need insurance runs, guys! Especially if "he who shall not be named" will pitch in the 9th!!
craving mexican food
shake my booty and hoop outside in the grass wearing teal pajama pants? Yes, please! Friday rocks!
broccoli grilled cheese sandwich was delicious today, love the grainy,oaty bread. (iPhone tried to correct cheese with geese)
Oh by the way is it true that #KingMoLicksBalls & #KingMoSucksDick ?
Water damage?
Mark your calendar Sat Jun 4 for our Benefit Sale where you can find antique art & more.
follow ya man's Cali D.
omg kissed brittany she is hott
I just got ding dong ditched!
nu uh! We all just made weird noises! Lmao
yes but this way the world sees how sad our life is some nights
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
watching the lightning ;o
Nice! "We are stronger together than we are apart."
Yeah you looked mad lol it's aiight
sounds interesting, where can I find it?
probably cheaper to develop an app that just adjusts the image to LOOK as if you'd had the facelift!
Definitely great to see friends at the gym ": good seeing for a minute today :)"
oh yeah, i hate that. gives me a headache trying to pull on the darn thing! lol
#YouWasCute until you used very improper grammar like "you was".
lol... I know it sounds crazy but that's exactly what happened. I guess Kimbo is protecting that win streak
Lmao damn y'all mfs are ignorant. But I wouldn't have it any other way.
For my money, porn star cum(!) hotshot realtor is the most entertaining reality star ever. He deserves his own spinoff.
LA LA LA. never getting madisons attention.
Technically glass is both half full and half empty, you must decide how you respond
will do
My book LACALIFLAND will celebrate Mid 20th Century Los Angeles, CA. Get ready kiddies, it's coming :D
OH: : if I did own a dildo, I wouldn't lend it to anyone.
can't wait for bball at st. agnes this summer w a few kids n a few more
we already have beautiful wives, some non-dork will eventually win her heart
Aw thank you. So far it is wonderful and I miss you too very much!
The new Xbox UI is shiny. Very nice. It feels less like a game console and more like an entertainment system.
RT ME TOO!! ITS LIKE WHEN YOUR DAD HELPED GET OJ OFF!! RT : WHAT!!??!! CASEY ANTHONY NOT GUILTY!!! I'm speechless!!
Good morning everyone! How is everyone doing today?
Cataract removal on Thursday,, Nothing like having two good eyes,
In absence of #RedSox from playoffs, I'm only really rooting for the Giants. Very tired of the Tomahawk chop in Atlanta already.
Yeah you just had the lines a little off from what they actually were. Unless they changed from when you posted. Thanks!
Omg...j cole suck lol
well yea
Enjoy the sun while you can. Looks like more rain in the forecast for the weekend!
#niallwhipshispenis is going down!!!
Strawberry truffle from godiva is ridic delicious
no remember I told u I did.. lol I was just too inexperienced to handle that at the time. #100 but I did n I told u "Ana"
An hour an half down 7 more to go 😒
#twitterpartytime? <-- I didn't get the memo
Just in case you forgot, I HATE YOUR FACE. And, have a lovely day. :)
Updates for our Grand Opening Weekend and 2011 Teacher Training at www.redhotyogastudios.com & www.bvyogablog.com !
I Do!
RT Matt Kemp: new Dodger record with 11 April home runs
Ah, must've missed it. Only ever heard negative chatter about the Klavika/circle mark. (Though I quite liked that one, actually.)
still working here in Pittsburgh. trying to wrap things up (including a few LibGuides!) before starting a new job in Jan.
is my man in my head , has been for years lol. Luv u boo! ;-)
Our office is right next to AT&T Park, and we heard some loud cheers after their last pre-season game yesterday!
I think I just got the most pessimistic chinese food fortune cookie ever, "Joys are often the shadows, cast by sorrows."
yeap. the Gods have not smiled upon my shorts today. But maybe later I can go long again 113.50 we'll see
Working on adding some videos to the website! Very exciting project to see how real Moms use their Bottle Snugglers.
Hear lots of cheering coming from Comerica... Let's go Tigers! And happy birthday Boesch, sweet RBI's!
LaZombies Tonight on LOGO channel Tune in RuPaul Drag Race
we'll walk southward until we find a big table / but when to start?
were great, except for Friday, no that's my friend Laurens boyfriend, I went to Junior Prom if my friend Shannon
cheesecake making my day ten times easier helping w my homework <3
YOU ALREADY TEXTED HER? Grrrrr.<3
need break.. and alc. and sleep.
My voice is pretty shot...will communicate via sign language for tonight-- why yes you ARE
So...if you know anyone with Fibromyalgia, please send them my way. I am currently in search of research subjects. Thanks!
how is gomez still in the bigs, and your on the pine? even if your ca ba against cappy is .050 you still have a better chance
RT : Hey Audra I am so proud of your nomination! #5 coming up dearie [My Mom tried to tweet you this ]
are you on this side of town?
I haven't been on Twitter for quite some time. o.o
Excited about story we're working on for Monday! Want to see how far the Brooklyn Center brewery has come in 5 yrs?
Great day to get sick
so excited to be a mentor to two freshman girls next year as part of the honors program :)
Effing spoiled brat.
I wanted to get away from my family. I'm gonna go crazy in my house.
Shrimp cocktail sounds so good right now!
Oh crap. I was wrong. Sorry! Didn't mean to give you a heart attack. I totally scheduled that tweet before I knew. Not gonna lie.
fellow followers, if you are wondering why we haven't tweeted in a while, it's because we were on vacation in Hawaii!
If follows back I will die. <3
Customer Service Tip #1 | Over Communicate | Promotes stronger business relationships & helps dissolve confusion |
Your only mad cause its not about Justin Bieber for the first time. Stop complaining. So what? Bieber is on here plenty.
I love Japan :)
I can't wait either. But then I have to go to highschool... ikd if that is good or bad
If u weren't there... U didn't see anything, don't talk shit
Hello everyone hope you had a great 4th of July weekend
I never know how much toilet paper to put out for a party. I want to say "It's cool if you poop here, but nothing fancy, please".
We're excited our favorite Indiana Parks Department director Ron Swanson returns tonight on Are you?
Thor in the ER = hilarious
Can't take the kid from the fight, take the fight from the kid
When you can't walk down stairs because your quads hurt.
What's on the other side of that envelope?
Doin it big early down in savannah at Retro with 's kill it!! Happy St Pats!!
no problem
Say a prayer on the big rock in front of "The Screamer" for me. That's where I was saved.
San Diego, California Weather :: 60F OVERCAST: 60F OVERCAST
Microsoft is demoing Node.JS and Cloud9 at AT&T's Hackathon. Did I miss something?
Tracy proposes digital agoras as replacement for libraries.
I thought it was going to be a skunk!
Updated pictures of my boy...
She isn't mad at me, but I can't help but feel guilty about what I did... It was just as much my fault as his... I'm so sorry for my mistake
She Real tho
U must be MOON in AQUARIUS cuz U got all that money & dress like: FUCK U I WEAR WHAT THE FUCK I WANT...I SALUTE U
Just make my heart red again is that too much to ask? Drop it from your cold blue hands. How many times can we multiply a second chance...?
Ha. I hope you had a good night!
You know my name, not my story. You’ve heard what I’ve done, not what I’ve been through. So stop judging me :/
damn that sucks :( I haven't talked to you in forever lol
OHH!!): LOL you got me there(; haha and aww thats sweet! Im gonna do that when i meet him(; LOL <3
Our friends in Stay Killer Design and Defender Clothing Co. have some sweet shirts coming out. Check them out!
Like my bytches nasty like ah cold dinner
#ThatsSexyAsHell when he get jealous and mad
5.8 earthquake in Virginia. That's what we felt in Philly.
Ron Artest should be banned from the NBA
PINK FLUFFY UNICORNS :D
OMG, publisher returned art for revision in a box large enough to fit a couch. Wondering (fearing) what it will cost me to return a couch?
Rain hitting against my roof. :) I honestly can't think of a softer lullaby on a night like this. <3
RT : maybe mr. met could trip and fall on bud selig and crush him with his giant head
Pro tip: go to bed.
Im backk sort of since im doing hw, I will just minimize the screen if my mother comes in
Bobby Valentine? Alright.
The Air I Breathe always puts on a good show : )
Speaks VOLUMES ....
Me and are yelling at middle schoolers to get to class. Lmao
I keep hearing news about non-US poker sites expanding & hiring. Should we be sending these stories to the US government?
Wish you were at #BALLE2012 conference!
Woah. I just got dizzy from that photo. o.o
Make sure you tune in tomorrow to NBC 15 as I go on television "The Morning Show" with Christine Bellport, to talk about all the wonderful …
#AmberPortwood, "Teen Mom" on , is back in jail. Follow for updates.
plays bass trombone!
get some 8 teens on the tires, but next year you might have to buy 9 teens!
I wish that the guys were my best friends. I'd be the happiest girl in the world haha i'd sing in front of 'em anyday. C:
CAN WE SKYPE NOW?!
OMG I am so sick! This flu bug is NASTY!
I'll be at the Hot Stove Coaches Clinic @ Butler tonight hosted by Coach Farley. Any HS baseball coaches out there going?
I'm feeling much better about this game than I did coming in.
Thanks for the info, look forward to hearing more. Been considering DISC cert, but this looks more comprehensive
Do not run, allow the storms to make you strong and the winds will escort you into your calling
i dont got a lot, but i got the mic. i dont pray a lot but i still write
not even lol RT “: I gotta go home and change yo. This kid copping my colors. ”
oh dear. i just. #iCant Don't act above it! Velveeta is a staple. :)
RT : We are the oldest Native american jewelry and art shop in Vegas .1616 Las Vegas Blvd,383-6069.47 years and...
WHERE ARE YOU A JOURNALIST???
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $49.7 US, just shy of the $50 million mark!
Hi darlings - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too. Great blog!
#OneWordThatDescribesMe Merp. Because the word awkward doesn't quite cover it.
something someting.. a dead fish in water?!
motivation is the key to success mixtape release party don't miss it Its going down
What an amazing performance! Go Packers!
SAT word of the day: extant (adj.) existing, not destroyed or lost
Heard You guys ROCKED it Congrats! Can I have her back now!!!
That awkward moment when Rihanna brings her umbrella and there's no rain.
serious?! Wow
« has really long awesome hair !
Made my donations and purchased some good books.
Ok...last time we talked I had a broken wrist..and still do...ANOTHER HINT???
As you can see, I'm going for a "Politics Free" day. lol Don't know how long it will last though..... I give it 2 hours :)
I guess I'm pretty good at mind games. I seem to be winning every one you're playing.
I hope is having a nice day laying in my bed asleep while im stuck at school.
we were in Portland over the weekend, trying to HAVE FUN - LOL. we gave up and came home early yesterday, went to sleep at 6.
And we're down to the final one! House is packed and standing room is capacity for Götterdämmerung end of 2011
We out here, doing bad shit nigguh
Rain or shine the show will go on! Meet us today in Red Arrow or Schlitz Park for free fun and food at 12pm.
I wish you could understand how scared I am .. What , if I'm actually being stalked .
same just cooking dinner and shit
text me doe before I get mad
lol You got that right!! Please!
I'm actually gunna miss having MCAS. We had no homework, that's the saddest part 
David Top 10 Reasons To Call Paul 24/7 Board Up or Flooding: John E. Mattock, Gary McLean, Terry Gates, Robert McLean, Ken Michel, JD Dooley
Can't wait to see teams climb the stairs at Frost Tower! RT : Only 25 days until the Fight for Air Climb!
Rain + no umbrella = ______
Attending Strat Plan Wkshp breakout presented by Cambridge FLA at
When people start off with the phrase, "I'm not trying to get in your business, but..." -__- they really to get in your business.
windows 98 crashed on me. i'm done.
Some of you need to under stand that the pro game is a nasty BUSINESS not all the feel good BS you see on TV. Sue got caught cont
word, I'm dressing up as thor
allies a jerk. goodbye.
or at least get a straw to slurp it up.
I'm good at wasting time... I hate it :/
follow back (;
Powell west bound toward RI Bridge is backed up. Might consider alternate route.
RT Flight attendant on American reamed me out 4 playing WORDS W FRIENDS while we sat at the gate, not moving.
Haha! LOVE YOU TOO!! but I know a slut named Brittany! :O
I actually agree I really like ALMOST every movie he's been in he really is one of the best!
Yes sir. But not in forever. I love Biz doing the end. The real high Bennys
I guess sometimes the past just catches up with you, whether you want it to or not. Usually death row was called the Last Mile".
ha I guess I do now :)
I wanna see that new Will Ferrell movie...wonder if it's any good
Confucius Say The only one whose troubles are behind him, is a school bus driver
Yeah, when it comes to juicing I just gotta have that *kick* of ginger.
Pile of Gary Morris CDs in today for mastering and ISRC coding. Gary had a bunch of Country hits during the '80's.
That Call of Duty spot was intense.
The buzz is in the air lockland bar & grill on Saturday nights is the place to be . All bad chicks in the building . Dr open 8p.m. til 3a.m.
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. - Plato
Step Up Revolution looks likes its gonna be sick
how much were ur VIP tix?
RT Kindness is more than deeds. A smile, a hug, a touch. Anything that brightens another person's day!
im so cool i didnt even show up to my own party
Bank of North Carolina Signs Purchase and Assumption Agreement With Hampton Roads Bankshares
Always be true to yourself. If you can't do that, you won't with others
GET OVER WHAT THO?! if you called me annoying i would like to know why.
No swim practice today= i cant eat whatever i want :(
OMG Holland Roden follows me!!!! AH I am so happy! This is mega amazing mega mega amazing and very very exciting! <3 love you Holland
Now offering All Over Printing (print covers entire shirt). There is a 100 piece minimum per design for AOP. 20% discount until 2011.
What is your favorite type of work #actors?
Im Tired
you always have it as an option
you don't think I'm a rocket?! 😱
2morrow is Friday who wanna go to the fair with mee lol
Happy Leprechauns to all
": Ask or about Gina . They definitely remember." Never mind that rings a bell just forgot
Or rather, directly proportional.
Loving the rap skillz! U r the only reason I watch Mob Wives,u keep shit real! Mad love sexy lady!!
Need a Limo in Less Than an Hour? CALL 303-591-7102
Mrs. Rish: either she'll talk your ears off or scream at you to get back to class.
So I'm thinking the aquarium Saturday ...
mabey because my tweets are protected. I'll change My setting really quick!
So i need a tattoo done today. who does em or know somebody who does them?
I think he owned Henson when they played. Tell melo once he passes algebra two to give us a call.
when you go through a storm sometimes you just have to remember to dance in the rain
RT : the PR firm that and i founded in college did PR for how's that for a dream come true for me?
Pliny the Elder has been tapped in our Manhattan Beach location, come by and say hi...and try a ridiculously amazing brew...
lol kno ...I might start tweeting more often but I'm not 100percent
May 23 615am Fox 17 is showcasing GH and GH ArtWalk, we need extras at Dee-Lite!! Can you make it??
My pleasure, Jim!
Your chance to win this month's gift box is happening tomorrow morning. Not signed up yet? Become an Kaboodle Insider NOW...
St pats. Wowee!
Cannot believe people who take little kids to baseball games when they are too young. No fun for anyone.
When your dentist is asking you questions and you can't answer because their hands are all up in your mouth.
Realized my acoustic electric guitar is a torquoisy green color. Should've carried that around too! Inspiration from that Four Loko perhaps?
We hope you all had a wonderful Christmas and an even better new year!
add avery to the hanson sightings.
I haven't posted for a while but rest assured, the season is upon us once again! Let the #streetart commence! Daily updates are back.
Breakfast come to us or we'll delivery to you! #eggfast www.eggfast.com
