Congrats!RT : RT : I learned today I am a Grandpa! #lrnchat -->Cool
where is this chefs point?? I know of only one in wautaga tx on mid cities blvd near rufe snow.
Best sample ever: Inspector Gadget on The Show by Doug E. Fresh. That's it. End of story.
Penny, my pomeranian, is getting a haircut and then a long walk on this pretty day
RT : tension building... who will be best in show from the demo pit ??
Love the podcast! Esp the latest one, opening bit about jobs. How much is rehearsed and how much is just off the dome?
I miss you too!
RBP 5. The Sun will explode into a gas giant in 5 billion years. The Earth’s orbit will be within the Sun’s atmosphere. The End.
though I hear VooDoo doughnuts has a doughnut stacking contest. If I had a dickI'd win that. And eat doughnuts.
All four NBA games today and the lone NHL game are all 3-1.
OO I like it! Have you drafted yet? Where should Chris Johnson go dude? I have the 11th pick and I am nervous he may fall to me
Ashley is freaking out! Haha.
#NP Active Sight - Out of Our Lives (Original Mix)
It may be on my guilty pleasure list ! :L Yeerp! Its hilarious when 'good girl' Gabriella gets told off xD
Ok thanks,I thought it may be Chicago but the cop didnt have the accent
Awesome. We welcome you to #NC. Meanwhile, I've got to find a time to get to
“: As promised my man I'm at the parc listening young blood from the naked n famous ;)..."--> MY MAN, that's amazin ;)!
You gotta crawl before you walk, you must follow before your lead. Shit don't happen over night.
Hi Idan! I would love to have you as a guest on my radio show from Jerusalem!
Follow me on instagram ;) thanks
loved THE UNCOMMON READER as well so SMUT is now in the TBR list
haha, glad someone agrees
LOL “: Hey guys, I’m starting a cool new hashtag: #tweetmeyoursocialsecuritynumber”
Good morning Tweeps!!!! (:
Leaving today for #Pittsburgh to see the #Mets dominaye the
We've now made our way past Roxbury head bob and to the YMCA.
You guys I have an iPhone now. What can I say... I'm a trend setter. Don't hate.
S/O to LITO, enjoy the game pimpin hope your team kills it
heat transfer printing made easy with heat press & ink jet laser paper and transfer paper. Print St. Pat's Day t-s in time for tomorrow.
I'd love to know with which part you "respectfully" disagree. I'm always looking for ways to improve the econometrics.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 22
Watching the #NFL honors. Not a fan of award shows and wasn't expecting one tonight.
Good Morning Everyone... Hello World
Need to make a trip to the 804
And the filming for shades of Purple continues :)
Boingo just nuked my Skype Zones wireless account. Now using tethered Blackberry and Verizon VZAccess for mobile laptop Internet. $15/month
Yes, but I should have picked artists instead of teams. I know not of basketball. Would be a fun activity for ARLIS/NA!
Le crickey bit my nose for talking about le muma.
Great read!
My endocrinologist's office takes my copay by scribbling in a carbon receipt booklet. Just plain silly.
“: Being followed by RULES! Everyone who calls themselves a fan of #countrymusic should follow her too!”
Thanks, Fran. I receive those words!! xx
Treating myself to a mani/pedi.
On Oct. 2, MTTS will host Kathy Thornton for "Space Flight: An Astronaut's Historical Perspective." Registration Coming!
You make me out to be a hero but I can't even save myself.
thanks man it's good to be back in Cali.
what time do you go on at Soundbar tomorrow in Chicago?
n1! RT : yes ! RT : A2: Listen to what clients say and dont say. Both are very telling.
Hey there! ;p
What's a king to a god, what's a god to a nonbeliever
haha he's a beast! He's our Vernon wells lol
Up Contemplating 😉
u look so pretty! <3
So long as little children are allowed to suffer, there is no true love in this world.
It makes little sense for a 3rd or 4th level team (NPSL, PDL) to sign players on a national basis when talent exists locally.
want a free black on black #1MH shirt for working for us on 6/2? msg me with details if so (on the double)! xo.
Thanks for letting us know!
The Silk Tie likes SciFinal! Thanks for the RT :)
jinxed myself today by talking about how easily i've been getting to sleep lately. oops.
Do y'all know if we can bring in our 10x10 tent frame at spring bash? I normally use it for indoor shows.
thanks for the retweet!!! :)
so proud of cant believe You already spent 4 years at the best school in the world. Keep going, lifes wide open now!
is any body else feel like there being watched ???? :/
I don't have enough saliva rn to lick envelopes
That was a low blow...
thank u
just saw you in a Just Dance 3 commercial! :)
I wish I had some mint icecream right now
B/C drunk people always think they can drive.
but I never knew that lol im surprised Fey joined the Circle since she wants all that power I like her shes bad ass
"Oh,You kiss 50 Cent with that mouth?" Puppet Dog.
Crazy storm in Kansas City. ☔⚡🌀☁
- Thanks your awesome choreography is a huge part of the success!
I wanna meet so bad, I think she's an absolute doll!
dm me it
Our first snow shower of the night is over the west side now. Live pics coming up on at 11.
What I'm saying is that it's disingenuous to say that because someone's on a tight timeline, then Lincoln's the priority.
i love my best friend!! :)
Right on. It's getting to be in the 100's, so be prepared!
May the good Lord shower you with many blessings on your special day.
seriousley is this real cuz im ready to cry!!!:D
how could I u represent my favorite pens of all times..plus u ramped up this Philly thing w/ ur hit on lindros
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters. The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
not a problem!
Til he got to my arm pit....
laid back chillin
if radiohead was playing "big ideas" in 1998. i wonder how many more songs they got unrealeased. damn u for being so good!
Daily Dose of Goodness: No TV Weekend. Get back into croquet, a pre-TV era activity that will feel a lot more wholesome.
Nice roundup. I've never used Storify before. Looks cool.
Lake Austin
Why have an ad saying your hiring if your NOT hiring ? -_- what in the fuckin fuck..
When reading analysis of RG3 and Andrew Luck's mini camps, remember that Cam Newton looked overwhelmed in preseason last year.
Fair warning Don't ever eat ice cream beans cereal n hot wings all in a 24 hour cuz yo ass will b fucked up
Yeah! You tell`m! SKOL BABY!!!
slim to none if i dont play
RT House budget cuts will kick 280,000 kids off school lunch program. vote to
Hey, our first show back is going to be January 14th at FreezerFest 2. Come out and laugh at us.
That would be rather pesky !
Not looking forward to the next 7 hours :|.
i've been blessed! How have u been?
Are you in charge or looking for a private venue to host your party? We are the perfect venue! Happy Hump day everyone!
Verizon here in NY "automatically" sells you a cover for the HTC Incredible. It's bigger and heavier than my old phone,but love it!
Buisness is GOOD! OCRA would like to welcome the newest member of our team, Jason Schmierer.
Everyone follow !! She's amazing!!(: She has hilarious tweets! check her out! #mustfollow 
Got a feeling it going to be another long day the way it's starting out already !! Have a good one everyone <3
hey boi! 5 oclock shoot works for me . Maybe can come too for directional help. You know clear it with the manager
In the mood for Mexican food & I wanna eat it in Mexico. So I'm gonna. My flight is booked. Will stop 'n see my daughter while there 2.
looking for people... singles (male & female), cpls of all kinds and more to test our product coming. It should be lots of fun let me know.
Need a #change in your life? Join me in FLP, use our amazing aloe products!
You inspire us.
- Bienvenue ! Merci pour la suite ! J'aime votre site Web ! Robin Lynch Aerialist
This is getting super serious!
throw in "shot caller" while you're at it...
god. out of the machine.
aha! Says the guy who wants to leave me to die in a locker?
I am going to be rising a mountain bike all day possibly in the RAIN
witnessing one of the WORST team batting performances in the major leagues today.. Orioles vs Angels
all is well on this sunny thurs... U?
Buys shoes with carbon heels and lives a life we can only dream about!
KARE 11's Boyd Huppert presenting - one of the very best in the biz! And a great guy!
48 customers have signed up for the VBPL/CPL e-books webinar scheduled for tomorrow night. W00t!!
We can now convert any vehcile to run on cng. some big tax rebates are out there while they last. it's a gas gas
"Accept the shocks of seeing yourself as you are, and you can then accept the shocks of seeing others as they really are."
oh my gosh, YEAH IM A FAN OF ONE DIRECTION AND JUSTIN BIEBER. ITS ALLOWED OK EVERYONE.
no idea yet. she'll have another scope in July or Aug. she's been on it for 2 mos so far.
Happy Birthday Bro!
Anyone in the Pittsburgh / Greensburg / Indiana Area looking for gigs, please friend us on Facebook and send us a link to your work <~Quack
then dont do it
Hey, I was just telling Scott similar things about you! Very grateful to be working with you and our cohort
Look, it's "a" process. What more do you want, hippie?
Believe in yourself Have faith in your abilities Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be suc
Happy birthday! And have a fun house inspection!
Luv me some trangy! Captain pickin me up having fab time@ #WPPI Missing my Amy love! Enjoy SinCity! need pick up at airport
Thank you for all the love and appreciation we receive everyday from our incredible customers ....grazie di cuore .....
The state of the union. Hum
excited to "sleep in" til 8. of all the semi-surprising things i've managed in the last decade, 3 wks of early am exercise is the craziest.
I can't wait for your new music! :)
Nah Gasol sounds better RT : If I ever have a female dog, I'm naming it Bynum.
RT: RT : You must not come lightly to the blank page.- Stephen King
Big numbers: Workforce Development set to release BLS April employment numbers in a few minutes. Ready for the politics? What do you think?
Thx to all who attended today's Creating Powerful Radio session in LA &the team!
You can no longer think of your art as the main source of your income. Artists must adapt.
I must admit I'm no fan of leaving work later than I'm supposed to.
what a sweet pic :)
you can still follow , be the 1,001 . It would mean a lot 💙 and it says I have 999 followwers :o
Transition today.. D:
Yes, please go Galt!
Big Krit inspires the shit outta me
Lesson learned...when I know something...and someone else try's to tell me it's not so. from now on I will trust what I know...fuck them all
I told jesse this morning, i think nadal looks like steve g.
Im sleepy as ever.
Nothing more I want right now than a burrito an some good hangs.
right, cuz the singing bee sounds like a real professional gig...
Distrito, why does it smell like bleach at my table? Yuck.
is it bad my boobs are out in my icon?
"Eden" Let's do this...
There's massive work going on in the test kitchen today as prepares dishes for a photoshoot for the upcoming cookbook.
things self-described as "modern," are often very dated, or just in very bad taste, era-agnostically.
enjoy...always love a good night out in Vegas!
What was the other Twitter acct you mentioned? Didn't have time to type. Thanks!
AND YOUR OUTTA HERE!!!!!!!! (in my umpire voice)
I've seen promos for #Alphas but none for #Haven when is it coming back?
Seriously..who at the still thinks putting Kahli in a match is a good idea.
Put #Shell gas in my car ^.^ I bet its happy :D
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay- Its my fault not yours .. <<<<
Got ya! Wishing we could have daycare available but it's just outside our capacity. :( Hopefully you'll still come see us!
Going on a little trip today for an exciting meeting
I hope I get this promotion at work tho.
not when your under 21
o yum, im gonna fall asleep
are you tired? cause you been running threw my head all day.
Verizon wants to messing around. bad connection -_-
best pace ever! Happy St. Patrick's Day! I just finished a 3.86 mi run with a pace of 9'22"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Ugly weather. Yucky day. Sometimes the system just sucks.
Take the majestic land of Turkey for instance. From 5000 BC the place has development. The Hittites are important in Old Testament studies
. can't make it today, but he's here in spirit as the duke new music ensemble performs his piece "jewel weed"!
Despite bein over 30..after my game at the park just now I must quote the great Eddie Kane "I still got it yall!"
What a beautiful New Mexican day!
is located at 400 N Water St. Come down and get those Mother's Day gifts shopping local vendors. Buy local buy handmade!
RT :does anyone have any corporate accounts? Charge per hour to offer table/chair massage at businesses? GOOD ?
I posted the pic of panda the dog in previous tweet (can't copy & paste my tweets for some reason).
hm hm
Blended learning supports and encourages extended/life long learning. Open content, flexible content user content.
The worst President ever and accept the fact that he hasn't actually been that bad.
hey, it's saved me many times in a pinch. And if you open it right, it doesn't matter.
Its amazing how the tides have turned
Informal learning and preschools within museums will become a bigger deal. There's such positive thinking about current programs
Happy New Year everyone! Just floated 2011's flaming riddances over the dam; tomorrow: resolutions penned with goose quill on Tibetan paper!
It is a horror film marathon kinda day for me :) YES! super stoked :) Hope everyone is having a great weekend!
you freak
PAX wiped us out so much that we have to close for tonight, just to restock. Amazing weekend, and we're sorry to anybody we miss tonight!
alright peace i gotta go to work
I'm hungry af!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 11
That rather brings tears to my eyes. It's beautiful.
my mom just said id be a good teacher and coach haha
prima donna Ross he will never get it Bears 8-8 maybe
Does anyone else find it ridiculously strange that schools use head hunting firms to hire college coaches? What? A complete waste of $
Not a Playa I just Crush Alot.
That cast and writing...just haven't seen anything on tv this good in awhile! I am glad it got picked up for Season 2!
“There are three things a guy should want to change about his girl. Her last name, address and her view point on men”
happy Friday to u 2 . Getting ready 4 class
The Dakota Boys are going to kill the game all day lol step it up ppl
Nah, no sass.
City, meet Hurricane.
.my sister had a dream that I was dead. & my mom had a dream I was in the hospital dying :O
New universal Tourney betting rule...bet the hell out of the First Four "Diss Team" in their opener ... VCU '11, Iona '12
"Hey babe, you smell that?" .. "No." .. "Me neither, start damn cooking!"
Attention - The quickest way to get a lot of individual attention is to make a big mistake.
I think I have a concussion..
Always speak how you feel & never be sorry for being real.
LIVE VIDEO: Snoop Dogg Ressurects Tupac At Coachella for Hologram Performance - Under the Gun Review
ACM Invades Bricktown was a major SUCCESS! Great bands and some dedicated (albeit a bit wet at times) fans made it a great night.
Negativity attracts negative junk. Positivity attracts positive stuff. The law of attraction folks. And it works fo sho.
Why did King Kong paint the bottoms of his feet brown? So that he could hide upside down in a jar of peanut butter.
Anyone around me wanna hit up Chapotle? about time I use this gift card
this particular form of social networking? P.S. It was pretty great to see you.
Yall both SCARED...LOL...GET SOME, WANT SOME BABY :-)
My ear hurts like a b*tch :(
Yea True
What a save!!
are those yours?
I can feel my maternal instinct, long extinguished, rekindling.
True Born Records r
Can be yours forever? Can I be all yours? Can I be your last? Please?
you are too funny
Work today. Thank goodness it's only 4 hours.
independence day is the best movie ever. I know almost ever word. Absolutely my favorite. I can watch it any time.
Bitch cum ova here
LOVE LOVE that one!!!!
wats ya eta on BEN FRANK?
We love you dorg!
#Rant it's funny how many closeted male celebs won't respond when male fans tweet them yet once they're 'out' suddenly the gay fans exist.
Interview for a scholarship right now!
how are you kind sir?
My back hurts ):
If you really trust westbrook with your last shot........your not a real OKC fan hands down
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!
hey dude
around the world cruise. who has 4 months to do that?
Hey! Welcome to Twitter!
Just wannted to give a s/o to the birthday guy :)
Wear just a t-shirt and call it a "short dress."
Even though Nikki's the killer, I'm relieved it was self-defense. She'll get Victor back, some day...
Don't do it it's tacky n getto that's for black girls
Voodoo is getting ready to unveil the official Andy Carson birthday doughnut! Some high-calorie fun on Good Day Oregon.
Guys, we are MAHOMIES! We are fam[ily] we don't hate or fight. We stick up for each other. and care. Stop the hate. big no no!
love that guy! You need to get him on the twitter train I guess!
Yep, I did.
Didn't see it today, but loved hearing it Fri. at Orch. Hall with my girlfriend It was here 1st DSO concert.
Headin to Worlds of Fun with my best friends. Gonna be a perfect day!
voicemail from mom: "hi kelly, ali and roberto have broken up, so he is available" thanks for looking out mom, i'll get on that.
that's hillarious
Let's do a contest! First follower to guess #Packers first pick and draft spot wins some #GEEBZ gear!
Did Adam Smith miss the Industrial Revolution? I doubt it. In 1754, he was James Watt's landlord in Glasgow. The two were friends.
</3 ... I'm sure his dad is looking at him && he's so happy with whaat Austin's become to people.
Gibson deflects in an own goal off the Ian Bennett shot. Wave on a 9-0 run, lead 17-9 over Comets
thanks for following me! :-)
follow me?!:)
Go see Leonard Freed's "Police Work" photographs from 1974-1979
I LOVE it. It sounds like NEWness and Web 2 point zero! Do you work at this Smoothing Mooves?
Barry is the old rich dude who obviously has $ to burn...hehehe
RT : Excited to give a presentation to iNSPIRE: "Advertising's Impact from the Diversity Paradox"! Here. We. Go!
That is a lot of letters.
was Saturday the loudest you've ever heard Rupp?
This 4 period playoff format is slowly killing me
Read an interesting article from a Cop's Perspective on the Difference Between Millionaires and the Middle Class at www.CopsAlive.com
Shouts out times 100 2U How is Life
Brad, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me. Good referral bonus guaranteed.
That depends on whether it fell in a forest.
Half marathon we think.
Thanks to for the RT. I can always count on him!
I can live with that =) So excited!
Giving up facebook for the next few weeks. I even deleted the app, so I obviously mean business. Time to focus on school.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "Always do what you are afraid to do." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
trying out newest slide LIVE right here on the morning show! Sure to be HILARIOUS.
Holy cowboy! This cappuccino is NOT decaf!!!!!!!!
How u like Twitter?
people problems are sorta going away. Lol
good:P.
Idk if this is the actual case file, or if this just details "amys" wish to have restitution
Facebook crashed again! Geez what's next
north nashville goes hard.
Is it really Wednesday already? I'm still on Monday!
great place for some scotch. Hubbard Inn
RT : Municipality just spent $20 million its $26 million snow budget. Pray for rain.
If I wasn't clueless and knew that coachella was 2 identical weekends I would have gone
Finalized plans for a weekend in Vegas with the fellas! Hola!
morning, slog. Wondering if you can point me in the direction of a toy drive drop off on the hill.
Bought the next book in the Tatiana & Alexander series. Nothing like a despair filled novel about the USSR!
Retweeting is what I do. c:
I think you're nuts for doing the Tough Mudder! 12 miles?!!
We've been updating the New Arrivals wall w/ books like 's Snow Child & Ben Marcus's Flame Alphabet.
Sounds like you are busy!
$2 blue moon drafts all day. Pens v avalanche at 9. $2 bud light bottles 10-12.
Via : #BREAKING: Police investigate package sent to World Financial Center with what appears to be a grenade
How do you know one of your other fans didn't do that? Happens all the time on my corp pages.
Thanks for the cup!
You make me feel (insert the next best line here)
no! That's impossible!(:
omg!!!!! Yay!!! Congratulations! Ur ring is gorgeous!
There's no better study soundtrack than 's Tiny Desk Concerts.
Headed to CMA Music Festival at LP Field.
doesnt suck as bad as you not being on anymore... :-/
Short Love Quotes including WHO? WHAT? WHEN? WHERE? WHY? OR HOW? LOVE:
Big night for music:Academy of Country Music Awards,BET Celebration of Gospel,and The JUNO Awards are all happening right now!
Congratulations to you, , , and on making such a success! ;-}
work,work,work oh ya and work. Gotta make money somehow
i love, love my kindle. so many ways to get at the books -- laptop, phone, and ereader. plus some cheap offers and deals.
Hadn't had a weekend dedicated to my family in a while.
Far out, man!
get on stage ! Let's rock clarion !
Absolutely cannot drink enough #coffee today. #IsitFridayyet?
So we're all in the Matrix...and is Morpheus?
I wish some freaky paranormal shit would happen at my house lately.
Happy Birthday Jack Nicholson! What is your favorite Nicholson performance?
Keep me close keep me cloooseee!!!
Now i can finally go to sleep...
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its intrinsic limitations and conflicts.
I've done none of this homework.
I'm starting from the bottom of the lit and wouldn't
Yes. We are odd.
Snicker, snicker. ;-) Found this to be funny. Thanks for the laugh.
Well I'm off today but I can already tell gets going to be a very boring day
I dabble when I can mane. Thanks for reading :)
Please follow my friends to build their following , , , ,
New books are good to donate too, healthy cookbooks are great to give
Denim Therapy- unimpressed! You will waste your money on something you couldve done for a tenth of the price, actually less.
SCARF UPDATE: We will order both designs next week after we compare prices/product & they will be $20 a piece. Sound good?
I didn't want to like them but then read through all 3 pretty quick, easy reads!
Made happy hour with 7 seconds to spare
you mean memorial day weekend lol & yea girl ima be workin too.
Hey x x <3
That's it! Who's down to set some fire fans on fire with me?! I am in need of a bigger and better Bellydance routine, bring the flames.
Thanks for the MT ! Other than #osci and guggenheim, know of any others looking at EPUB/Kindle?
Support me like Puffy did. for Biggie back in the 90's- Dizzy Wright
Good morning world.. 2day will b better than yesterday, with any luck..
Reading online comments to articles makes me lose my faith in humanity.
CAMI! i miss you too!
I don't get why doc doesn't take him out
You're welcome!
The man sleep two days and wake up and go to sleep again
me to relaxtion time
lol! No no... I'm good in that department, but it was fun watching as I don't see it often anymore! I'm a sucker for oly lifts!
Today is NOT the last day of February. Does anyone celebrate the #LeapYear? RT
RT just checked out yo page!! Send us some acapellas, maybe we can work on a remix!!! Big up!!!
is spending a day at the office, still going at the website! Apparently it looks like a 3 year old did it - says my bro-in-law. =D
Oh rly? Is there a specific time the vid on vevo is coming out?
Wit shriver and hawk
it's funny the little things you can do to entertain an almost 3 year old .
Just tried Americone Dream for the first time :) #amazing , your a god.
Chicago always knows......there's always next year, so true;)!!
I liked what I saw when I saw it :)
Toshiba sunk! Toshiba exits cell-hone business! Panasonic Sunk ...
": I’m the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream."
What Berlin are you representing? In what state or country are you located?
the animals
Valid point, there have been some Star War ?s in previous debates (you can find those on the site) I was going for more military
boom boom boom boom i want you in my...
if you're still passionate abt bullying you should follow
There's a commercial on Hulu, 1 about the AUE it shows a girl dancing in the middle of a rave. God I love that. It makes me miss Qatar
NEVER IN YO LIFE SCREECH IN MY EAR ON DHA PHONE #QUACKBAKE&SHAKEONYOBISHASS
Thanks for keeping us abreast of this development.
I really hope he does Hold You Down and That Power.
R. Kelly put a lot of thought into all these chapters. Lmbo!
How do you determine if a radio sports host is "FLOPPING?" That's the bigger question...
Those minutes I pass with you sometimes, are priceless in my life<3
grrrr hate to say, it never does anywhere when it gets near to finals !
Flip cam... Oops.
Gov says lawmakers need to set time table for stadium
BORED A.F FINA EAT OR GO SHOPPIN
People ask me when will soccer finally be big in the USA? When fans buy tickets to support their LOCAL clubs and not just exhibition games!
RT “: #FF She's the raddest girl ever and she draws real good and she's awesome and totally 80's! ♥” And makes cool tattoos!
Talking to Shawn :)
Tuesday by David Wiesner: Weird Stuff Happens on Tuesdays
Many thanks for the staff pick. I used to live in Johnson County and spent a good many afternoons in my local library!
I was about to say the same thing especially when they showed the where I sit. But the field looks in great shape.
Why is famous? For making a song about a day of the week? -.-
Ah that makes much more sense! Thanks
well bored so Msg me if u want the cell # .. I can't call tho only texts(:
i hate u
The office is the best show ever
NEW Workshop: Introduction To Backyard Bee Guardianship by Marker Ramsey. This is a #FREE #WORKSHOP on 6/11 from 10am - 12pm
Great to see you! Come on over to our forums as well. I am sure our members would love to get to know you.
Thank you Boing Boing, for reminding me of the existence of HTTP Error 418.
Changed the cover as my icon ;)
Is there a separate holiday for a Happy Baby Mama Day?
Hi. My name is Adam and I'm a control freak.
thank you!! I really appreciate it. What's your fb page URL?
You talk out your CULO mayne. I tell the truth
If I read it right, she's basing this on press releases.
Cool- DM me your email & when I get home I will send you thr rules. Have you ever used Vassal? Its an open-source game platform.
Monday morning, I love monday morning!!
Hey all my followers can you follow my 2nd Twitter plz !!
Phew! I forgot how much work starting a new twitter account can be!
a little show i do called . its a silly weird fun time
I smell next week's special.
the Arab league did nothing. The Russians have walked away. And people are being murdered by the regime daily.
Then let's cut it all off!!!
Whenever you're ready to say bye bye to your hair. lol
So nice to meet you, see you again soon!
Bring Back Ringer 8
All this just to see a dad band
I never do a #ff but heres a special appreciation version:
#sprint: you are going to let me buy a new cell phone 5 months early, or I'm going to #officespacetreatment this pos #evo4g. Worst cell ever
Ah... Margarita night tonight with the girls. :)
¡Feliz Friday, amigos!
50% exception rate i think
Will do… it looks like a double header for me this weekend
You know you've reached a new level of chemical dependency when you can swallow DayQuil gelcaps with hot coffee.
SAPB presents Bereolaesque tomorrow...who's going? :-)
Purdue is emptying out so fast. These are going to be lonely 2 nights and 1 day.
All these new Amber pictures on my dash and all of them are from other people's twitters.
AWESOME quarter by the Now let's see if they have learned from reg season. Gotta keep the pressure on!
Espresso sweetened with a piece of organic rock candy sugar. Yes please!
The US Embassy in Phnom Penh will be offering the Foreign Service Officer test (FSOT) on June 2, 2012.
Join us for Happy Hour specials 4:30-6:30pm tonight plus jazz piano with Bob Tate 5-9pm in our Black Diamond Lounge.
I hate the NBA now .
Judge KVH: 's expose is one of the sharpest rebukes to No Child Left Behind. Paper stood up to biz community. Brave and important.
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
you can't access the photo store on the ipad/iPhone and process it? (assuming I screenshot by pressing both buttons at once)
And the only decision I regret from high school is the color I chose for tie and cumber bun of the tux I wore to prom.
Why is there someone constantly hammering near my house?
: That's my man, Matt.
first we will move inland, then back out on boats, then on elevated houses. once the #waterlevels rise
Not yet but we'd love to meet up! cc
Blast from the past celeb ad - Adrien Brody/Diet Coke
“: What... that phenomenon when you spend $75 dollars on a bday present that looks like it cost $30?” Tape $45 to it...
I'll mail u some cinnamon lol
this isn't about Couric; this is about MSNBC. I'm horrified.
sure thing jessica :D
it's what I had handy and it worked
The Real is on the rise.
omg i wanted to win the lakers tickets thoughh>.< ahh fuhkk it!
plaid tie pad thai chai tea tai chi
He's throwing 99 in the 9th inning. Outrageous
I do and same to you and yours!
i swear if it rains in Del Rio TX all hell breaks loss on the road ppl cant drive worth shit..guess that happens when you live in the desert
thanks! we'll get back to you re cats, who are still stuck in durance vile for a while longer
i wanna meet you ! <3 i love you <3
And the attack on the media, Alinski, and foodstamp stuff is getting as outdated as "yes we can"
Getting it in over at with and
#1ofmyflaws I care too much.
Merry Christmas from our Acme Hotdog family to your family! Enjoy this special day!
*raised eyebrow* why not? ": <<<<<< doesn't care what pussy looks like"
friend looking for a june/july sublet in chelsea/hells kitchen/UWS for $2000 or less. let me know leads please!
Why aren't seattleites more social? Friendly? Strike up conversations with strangers - like EVERYPLACE else in the world.
Next iron chef is so BA
What a chilly day! I'm gonna have to have a sit down with Mother Natures boss!!
People need to know the officers that patrol their community. Relationship building is changing our community - Maj Russell
I will never be the same without you.
And the man in the back said everyone attack, and it turned into a ballroom blitz... And the girl in the corner...
I've never thought much of the guy as a manager, but it's not Jim Tracy's fault that the Rockies have the worst starting rotation in the NL.
oh believe me I will! :-)
Woke up for the second time in recent history before my alarm. This is extremely un-Julia-like behavior.i even texted my mom about it.
Next year on 4/14, we're throwing a city-wide party to celebrate everything great about the 414. Hope you can be a part of it.
good luck!
I feel like I'm famous every time I tweet
I hear you are a big supporter of taking vets hunting is that true?
Viva Espana! #Esp to take on #Ned this Sunday. It's gonna be a great game - anyone else going to for it?
Just got told by a senior year new student that I was the FIRST teacher EVER to correct his sentence structure & grammar.
dunno about #linsane but certainly not the only analyst doing insane stats for sport. Remember pre-Obama?
we're fine, but his family doesnt like me because im black and hes white and i told him i dnt think im good enuf :/
New show added! Feb. 7th at the Marquis Theater in Denver. Playing with ! Epic Proportions I say!
Right back atcha :)
Finally digging into my Mickey Newbury American Trilogy box set.
question everything and get others opinions... get multiple opinions & making your own decision is best. I think 401ks R shady
Back to the present!
Yes! RT : Two years ago today, God radically changed my life and set me free from cutting myself! God is soo good!
I have #Instagram on my #Android now. Dont see why everyone is upset that Android users have it. Why cant we all share our pics of kittens?
It's rough, I have great memories of the store, drinking coffee, reading comic books. They will be missed!
On Wednesday Our FGM Laurie will be picking up over 100 donated items from our friends at !!! Thank you so much WF!
Also, grandmother is convinced that if is elected again, her doctor will quit and she will be without health care. #SayWhat???
wanna trade me that snack pack for the rest of this banana?
I'm.going to.beat this bitch up
Whoa! Johnny Rotten is 56 today? Damn, he really is Old Man Steptoe now, isn't he? Happy birthday, Johnny!
So pumped for tomorrow's show at (boscos social club). 9 pm start time. You can expect originals #pearljam #phish #blues & MORE
I don't know where all this gonna go, I'm just praying that I never lose control
Thanks so much! I did it! It was tough but got through. ;-)
of course. Gotta be careful now so we can be legends later
"I haven’t read “The Waste Land” for a year, and I never did bother to check all the footnotes...."
Politico reporting that Senate Dems have "pulled the plug" on cap and trade ... put it off to some "uncertain future." Back to square 1?
15k at first break
Maybe when you learn how to grow up and know how to actually act your age maybe you won't be treated like a 5 year old!
RECORD RELEASE SHOW NEWS!! It's JUNE 8th at BAY VIEW BOWL!!! More info to come...if u behave
Happy Wednesday, friends! Any New Year's resolutions? Great Quote: “The unexamined life is not worth living.”—Socrates
good move.they can finally be real niggas for once..Acc soft
just knowing in a lil i have get ready it sucks..
Hey , not saying every check-in did at #OrphonicMultimedia was fair, but I've never met you. Stop cheating!
Its the freaking weekend y'all !!
That whats up :)
LOL @ Merton Hanks!
It's nice and cloudy here in North Texas. How is everyone's Monday?
The best value in this life - spending it on something that will outlast you.
alright bro
Attending the #lithcast webinar. Very informative with
Old Ways, Neil Young
Hope everyone is safe having a great nye I seriously saw 5 wrecks on the way home
Addai, Brackett, Bullitt, Clark & Painter -- all cut from the #Colts. Wow!
Thanks for the link, Diana!
looks delicious, I will try that! Have you ever baked with sunflower seed butter? I have not but want to try that too...
30 days until the fair!!! August 30th - September 5th. Check the website for performers, events, the schedule and other further details.
Goodmorning my peoples! Thanku for following and know I try my best to follow back. Have a great day!
I like how most of the people saying that the judges used #thesave wrong are younger women that are just jealous lol
I got a stain on my shirt -_-
like a BOSS
followed me... man I feel like such a badass!
SERENITY NOW!!! When did I become the Accounting dept?
Student Development is closed on Monday and Tuesday and will re-open on Wednesday, November 2, 2011 in the New Building, Room L 65.00.
sounds like my kind of day!
Guys who routinely pick on weaklings won't ever win any points with me. Asshole boys make asshole men.
I <3 the gatsby reference though. Pretty accurate
Good Luck!
I made it in?! Lol Idr that..but woo! I NEVER make it!
what u doing now
The McFarlanette's are busy setting up for Kids Korps gala - A Night at the Royal Ascot. Super excited for our silent, mini & live...
i dont really give af about the superbowl, i just want the patriots to lose so i can see the look on Detzels face tmrw ;)
So...where would you like to see In Union play next?
Heading back to Lee in about an hour. Kinda wanna go back, but not really. I've missed my family.
Walked through the Embarcadero today. What the hell?
omg Gary.. these two episodes today are the bomb dot com. So good.
Keep on! In solidarity, oné and
Already feeling yelled at. Like reverse deja vu.
Just about a month until my degree recital... Crunch time!
I Dont Really Like Cheese Pizza
Of course! Look at the killer spread w Adriana Lima + Doutzen Kroes. AMAZING.
Don't get me started. How do you think you did this morning?
This beat deserves hennessey.
With the win Big 10 Pub clinches 1st half Bay League championship. At the Pub now, just popped the bottles of Dom.
Sneaking out of my house before my parents get home to avoid doing chores.
I'm sure you're doing great!
Long days
Detroit in the hizzouse
Okay, got a seat and ready to go.
what rank/ how many votes u got now?
Any homos know Adobe After Effects like the back of their hand?
Love today like never before. See the CHRIST in me and love me inspite of myself. W.globalmusic4life.com.
Now a card carrying member of the Dustin Brown fan club!!
Viktor looks like a Bee Ger
We DO have a pandemic. Have u seen the #'s & the # of ppl who aren't even aware their health issues R related to FA/FI?
There was short rib soup last night?? Oh man, we are bummed we missed that.
haha your funny...you wish you could text this
You and me both
Jim, thanks!
": Im cool with all my exes....No hard feelings...No need for em. Just a part of life."
Besfriend can see the difference between your fake smile and the real one.
Thanks for the mention!
I need to quit worrying about certain things so much!!
Thanks for the follow. Life is short but you seem to using every second.
hey pretty! We saw you walking in Christensted earlier. Hopefully you'll have some time 4 an interview with us
How will that make u lose weight?
Job hunting? Quicken Loans and its family of companies have hundreds of openings! Paid internships and full-time jobs. DM me for more info
Blah work in an hour
Once again, my man is annoyed that I've completely abandoned my motherly duties in favor of #Bachelor night!
Thanks for the follow! Did you find me through ?
I know it's quicker, but it's actually less painful to walk down 'em. ;P
rap makes me happy akgjhgklffj idk
Seriously people actually watch Bridezilla & people actually act like this in real life... Wow... I'm in shock!!
Auburn Vs Oregon . Tonight at rc dugans.
Almost saw a fight in McDonald's between two old people. Say waaat
Nothig screams 'insecure' more then doing the 'duck face' in all your pics!
cool I might be back here at that time. I'll check you out if I am.
hit me up
#sciencedenial. If you attack people's view of the world, their emotions will fire immediately.
i dnt have the numba baby new phone
I know I'm a bit late on this..but I'm thinking UK by a dozen.
Is this what the world has come to?
when the mixtape drop I got u
Im Tired A F
My choice is a buttery light gold! So excited!
sometimes people dont know when to quit
One of these years, I will feel sufficiently DH-ified to participate in #dayofDH. Maybe. For now I am just an interested librarian...
Check out Austin's very own The Bellmen during
Jimmy likes tequila shots too! #whereyabeenstranger?
This. Weekend. Needs. To. Be. Over.
Check our website for tomorrow's pairings! The weather looks great! Can't wait to see you here!
Keep up the great work Gary! Your touching many more lives than you know. Are you still talking to old people?
That shit hurts.
I'm not that mad about this humidity... Much rather have it this way then cold and rainy.
Note to self: talk to Christina about installing Performing Arts Librarian office cam.
be speaking the truth!
Milk Chocolate, Dark Chocolate, Dark Chocolate Mint, Dark Chocolate Raspberry, Cappuccino. Guilt-Free Chocolate @ only 30 Calories each.
In the ruins of this short term memory, impending doom softly haunts me.
You should write a post about coffee apps for the iPhone.
It's been raining all day here, too.
I was hoping somebody would say something to me.
Michelle Obama was ALSO born and raised in Chicago
Best quote at shoot today: "This couch is my subtext" - Mary Lechter, SAG
maybe bcz they adore your icon lolz :)
God has a plan
Great break-fast dinner at The Great Adirondak Steak and Seafood Company with mom, Pumpkin Spice Ale was perfect!
It was great meeting you Ingrid :) Glad you enjoyed the sammies!
:) yes sir I've made TONS of songs since you last heard plus I just got my early birthday gift (a keyboard) last night :D!
Beautiful. Simply beautiful.
see u about 8 speaks at the haggerty museum at 6
check m willz out on youtube
Ready to go #MakeItNasty & see at Level 3 tonight, you guys have no idea how excited I am to begin this year by seeing him live..<3
are you gonna watch ABDC this season!?!? :D
Mulligan uses self as ex will be 20 yr retiree, says healthcare her best benefit, concerned about constant change, as benefit & JCAR member.
S/O to Nitaya, Montana, and Rob for getting that workout in today!
I'm really worried
It's like knitters christmas
I'm brain fucked you were right
BIG New coming soon. Gotta get our "likes" up first tell your freinds...
DUDE!!!!!! You were on AMERICAN IDOL!!!!! I'm gonna pass out cuz your like famous!!!!!!!
Damn Magic Johnson bought the la dodgers
do you still have that link doll i gave you?
I could be getting drunk with my friends but instead I chose to stay home cause I'm indecisive.
makes booking travel 100000000 times better. 8 flights over the next 3 weeks booked in no time.
Mood not so good all of a sudden!!!Need the weekend back!!!
If you are late for a leadership team mtg you have to sing. Today sang on behalf of the MKTG team. Bravo!
The dances on Shake It Up make me LOL though. They're so bad :L
But I would certainly include , , , and on your list.
remember when you watched me have sex via skype? Haahaha
ah! just text me, we're probably blowing up twitter. ;)
And they say ain't no racism in America
when you really love someone, but they don't love you back:'(
Florida came to play
Damn the dmv in lakewood be packed asf
thank you for following me!
thanks for the compliment. :)
i think i love your mother.
Snow in the forecast? Summer time people! Let's go! Get moving!
you always brighten my day
"Your facebook smells like patchouli." - Alex Held
I think you'd enjoy following
After waiting for nearly 3 years to be taken to Mama Carollas for a date I said screw it, going with Aunt Kim instead!
Thank you Diyobo!
IM GOOD
People who practice real meditation are able to handle crisis with ease.
oh no! What do u need help with?
Sacred the bageebers out of opportunity today when it tried to walk silently by. Are you watching out for opportunity?
holy cow can we catch up. Joses.
Apparently light skin people got super powers.
A house w/out books is like a room w/out windows No man has a right to bring up his children w/out surrounding them with books- Horace Mann
........and i like how baro's pants is baggy at the right place..
Did you know May is Chip Your Pet Month? Where did you go to get your pet chipped? If you haven't yet, will you?
ha RT : fuck em both... Bong and / or bowl my G
i MISS U cutie
harry got a girlfriend </3 well
Was great Zane, thanks!
If you're trying to connect with me on LinkedIn or Pinterest...good luck. ;)
It's mexiCAN Monday at Coops. $3 cans of Modello & Tecate, $3 shots of Cuervo and $1 beef tacos. Doors open at 4pm.
I like it when you use the word "fabulous". js
Working on best tips to writing a business plan for your startup. #hr #entrepreneur. Stay tuned.
Two years would be a long time for a trend. Maybe neon will be big again?
Is that akin to the Seinfeld episode with the t-shirt #1 Dad as opposed to "world's greatest" only in this case for moms?
Caught a mahi mahi on the water. I can officially say that I've been "fish slapped".
Ok boo
no problem! I hope you enjoy reading it!
Oh...Paradise Hotel. How I miss me some Toni.
That's right. Town hal with mickey!!!
So our power in the school just completely went out. #SeniorPrank .???
Man, United Airlines' website is like freaking Godaddy with the upsells.
RT : I'm moving into new! Much of my old stuff is getting ready to be new to someone else!
nice pick
gotta learn html and fbml! any advice?
My question is it takes them about 11 hrs to give us lines on conf tourney game and the tourney they have them out in an hour
Who are you going to #sadies with?
Look at all the trades in the NHL! I'm the only I'm sure
I am hungry. What are you having for dinner?
that's a Baltimore experience I have yet to have! You can cross that one off.
RT 2 me 2 Carmen. Stopped me in my tracks. did a great report on stigma. This brought it home again.
If u over 25 years old and u still fighting somebody...you need to reevaluate your life.
I'm putting a G on Frankel
very funny. -___-
Hello every1. I miss you all. I was very very busy..
Hang in there! You're doing your thing for democracy today.
We must teach our students what are appropriate #web2.0 resources & how to responsibly use them
hi Victoria! Doing good. U?
shoulda hit me up
Sadly our #Flyers overtime game has been bumped for the #Kings - damn local markets.
no problem! Thanks for shopping!
Hi thank you, line will be out for spring 2012. A select few will be available online soon. I'll keep you posted. :)
Who wants to do lunch .... My treat lol
Take an art class together & learn something new such as pottery or glassblowing. You'll have fun & have a momento.
I'm less worried about the 3D and more upset about the lack of Sam Waterson!!!
I have Facebook friends who make rap music/videos. Everyone feeds their egos. They're just as terrible as those girls.
Bisous David: that was so sweet! i reciprocate
Please win tonight Bruins<3 We are only one game away from the cup! :'D -izzy
tell siri to remind you to gift wrap? :)
Lakers are just a tire fire
It's Day 1 of the NFL draft, I'm locked and loaded on ESPN wonder who my 49ers gone pick up...
Ridiculousness cracks my shit up
I wish it still was a Ralph's. That'd be so nice.
DONT GO INSANE
I miss the sound of your voice
To lean more about specific medical condition and or services, please visit my specialized websites: .keloidsurvey.com
Retweet &help a military family. Anyone can donate a food box to a military - FAM - you CAN make a difference www.thetreasurebox.org/donate/
Doin chicago the way its supposed to be done
Had a random conversation with a staff associate at It was cool to hear how much she loves working for the company. So refreshing.
Ah yes but with you at the helm I'm sure plenty of big ideas in the newsroom! :)
Lick envelope, eat fruit snack. Lick envelope, eat fruit snack.
Might fav it.
Merry Christmas everyone! I hope you all are with the people you love today.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
but slayer is now mainstream. so they dont count anymore.
Heard great paper about Wulfstan using Alfredianaterials, by another appreciator of
I want to run a marathon.
“: This doesn't concern you. Lol” girl I'm your mother, it all concerns me! 💙
I shared your awesome blended learning NAIS article with admin @ school. They love it and may want to talk to you to hear more.
You would think after four years of this "Obama is our Savior!" bovine excrement I would know how to spell 'messianic' without looking it up
dream on
so u live in Argentina now
Landed a great deal on a SRS Wind paddle today! Can't wait to hit the water and test it out...sort of...brrrr.
Are you on Instagram?
doing a great job w live updates of LBSU game for
I hate how small this city is. I take alternative routes to avoid people.
they will suprise
“: You get the retweet and the Gold star.”
The perfect temp inside a bus has to be one of the most difficult things in the world to get right.
West Denver Prep students are gonna get stoked on service today in this gorgeous weather...
I stalk
#fallforum AASL Saturday Leslie Maniotes Speaking on enduring understanding: value beyond a specific topic
We are very pleased that we have yet another alumnus joining Welcome
Thank you to our March Pitch-off participants & , winner will be announced this Friday.
That's like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x
"I suffer for fashion"-- LNBstyle
Seriously, its like every time im happy you shoot me down
u fired up but im jus puff puff passin em
Not sure field goals will get it done. Pack needs 7's and stops.
Have a great one!
We won 1-0 tough game! The fact we were 10 miles from Alabama was crazy!!
Uh...what's that you're saying about Scottish accents????
Not remotely close to James and Ted Oswald shootout years ago.
live interview on Sunday May 6th at The WarZone Radio around 8pm - 10pm eastern time. Call (310) 861-2335 to listen in or any questions.
just followed him! you can follow me (and Oliver) at maybe I should make Oliver his own account...
Quick morning meal: Peach Smoothie. Grab 2 cups frozen peaches, ½ cup each of fat free yogurt, milk, and sugar. Blend and go!
nothing much hbu ?
Thanks! It's beautiful here! :-)
Betancourt is the Corey hart of the infield...god they suck
Thanks for the follow :)
The weather could be worse! In '36, one of the worst floods in over 300 yrs roared down the Connecticut R.Learn about it tonight on 36 at 8.
Sounds awesome! I'll be there!
What ya coming for?
Oh yeah that's true.. I'd just drink alot of pineapple juice that week lol
Hey, I know you don't capture gameplays, but how long do you think it'll be untill my gp is captured? :O
I spent a lot of my money on booze, birds, and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Hope is believing in spite of the evidence, and then watching the evidence change.
Aww! Here you are :)
#harlem Support our peaceful space. Please ask our neighbor to be responsible and soundproof correctly
#MichiganWolverines win the #SugarBowl in OT! Ugly but I'll take it & an 11-2 finish. Nice way to wake up in a cold winter day in Afgh!
This Sarah Phillips thing keeps getting weirder and weirder.
Somebody who really wants to talk to you or is thinking about you will contact you... #dont always be first to hit somebodies phone up.
hey now that would be me :(
Dates and Venue Announcement: 2ND Annual The Film Festival of Colorado June 23-26 at the Tivoli
THERE WE GO!! USA!!
10xDemo... Now on stage....
Arizona is a community property state, upon divorce community property will be divided equitably-equitably doesn't necessarily mean equally.
Cols.Crew 1st Kick Pub Crawl this Friday! Starts at Kildare's @ 6:15pm! $2.50 Bud pounders! Stay for the top DJs and Videos! Great specials!
Thanks for following! We help finance small businesses! Love your golden gate back drop :) Looking forward to connecting!
I knew I would wear you down lol
I was just asking myself questions of a similar nature. I miss him
peggy fleming
The conditions are absolutely epic at and Who's up there playing in the snow?
RT : Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur <-- Soft kitty, warm kitty, purr, purr, purr! Love this song :+D
Lyrical Knockout. Nov. 21st! Coming to an internet near you!
Thank you, Hope you can find the time to come down
Sorry, that RT from Annie about the Snookie news being 2 weeks old should have her correct handle:
Post your wares, job postings, jewelry, mary kay or avon information on our blog or website. Submit info to
TO THE WINDOW, TO THE WALL!!
you're a good man ;-P
Not only I have to donate to Mitt's campaign but also get a chance to spend a day with him. why?
I wish I knew how to sleep during normal people hours...
Trolled Bitches. :D
Wow, 47,000 in Toronto silenced by This has been an entertaining match
omg why?
Haven't been on Twitter in like FOREVER! Super stoked about NEVER SAY NEVER out this friday! I am so gonna buyout at walmart.. lol
&& the only one that Sherlock may possibly love (admire?) is Irene.
Congrats, Fou! That's awesome!
Maybe should have checked for remover before I painted my nails.
It's been awhile, will explain later. Happy to be back.
the blazer curse!
I'm so lucky :)
no deal. we're gonna be friends and i'm gonna cheer you up. (: that's all.
Yeah bro, it's free download, you can also lease it for 19.99$ and use it on Mixtapes, etc.
rub it in why don't you.
Finding someone is always a big step.Just have fate and see where it goes
alright that's fine like 2:30ish?:)
have fun at SAA!!! I'm totes jeals.
I am on twitter follow limit but I'll get back at ya when I can
what up wit the world today when niggas think its ok that they can just walkin around biteing people...
Rented a media card and it wasn't wiped. It has the dailies for Russia's Next Top Model with Tyra Banks on the judging panel.
Nope, we were looking specifically at "Issues" pages of candidates' websites so it was only in relation to veterans issues.
you lost your V card at prom? Who ever loses their v card at prom? its so... predictable.
always does haha good night:))) sorry for arguing jut a bad nght
Any of you seen ? We need more shower towels, asap.
opening was a smash success. Might buy a four piece set photographs of people looking menacingly at the camera.
ok just finish watching lost & now Im lost lol need to watch from the first season
is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Release your taxes!
Once the movie is finished, he might need it deflated, but now... Ego is good!
are you sponsoring a Rose Bowl Parade floragraph this year?
- iight imma hit u up tomorrow if i get it
Im so bored. I wanna hang out with my friends but they are all at school 
Are you going to the Casa de Espana party tonight? Look at our previous tweets from today & do join us for EuroConnect4-May 16
sorry real late reply >.< yeah I understand my last few weeks of high school were like that too
True. If only your balls sagging to your knees in 10 years could be helpful to you as well.
Just bat Ryan Braun leadoff and maximize his solo home run opportunities.
Shoulda wore my long johns today
This from a guy who hasn't watched the first movie (it's sitting in my queue, relax).
RT : Wearing my t-shirt at SFO omw to #mw2012 #alamw , a guy says "I texted a librarian this morning!" :)
you need to try the new Jalapeño Popper Grill too
just finished helping my family polish off some deserts
OH my word. I can eat a horse. I'm hungry
I wish I was back in Haiti right now.
what's up Jeff!?
Just because you miss someone, doesn’t mean you need them back in your life. Missing is just a part of moving.
Shaking up a "Snow Monster" cocktail: Maker's Mark Bourbon, DeKuyper Razzmatazz,& Cranberry juice. What's your favorite winter cocktail?
Whoa! I would say that's not worth it.
No, Monty Python. Lol
Sleeping, working out, followed up with meeting for sushi at Umi. How could a Sunday get much better?
in talking about some music i just recorded, someone said to me yesterday: "oh..so you used, like, real drums?" i had no words.
Take 50% OFF today! Use CLE50 www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
I'm just going to need to go to sleep not knowing how bad things are at work.
Your more than welcome.. Hope it's the best👍😉
Diverse crowd at May Day rally in park blocks. Union workers, farm workers and families
Let's see if actually remembers my note today . #probablynot #shehatesme </3
It's too bad ESPN hasn't covered the NFL draft enough
Launching an Exquisite Corpse project via Twitter tomorrow. Calling all writers!
A5: James Harden is making a huge name for himself. He's got game and a style schtick...great marketing combo
I like them -- EXCEPT when they revive old, dated articles about Lindsey Lohan or something.
Check out Peacenext.org, a great new social network for interfaith dialogue by the Parliament of the World's Religions
see you then!
To get an idea of what these DVDs are like, take a sneak peek:
Runnin round Dallas like a crazy person showin off the mags. Chocolate covered espresso beans won't carry me much longer on 2 hours of sleep
happy birthday! hope it has been a great one!
you should have told me I wud have given it back to you!!
Fridge magnets - a new passion.
Still working on 224 RT now get 847 followers!
Can't preorder Black Ops II because I don't turn 17 until the end of May :c
cats was clowning me 3 yrs ago for not wearing socks wit my hard wheels and/or loafers.
so..... How was the "stow-a-ways" trip?
set up a greeting card campaign for your new team member giving them tips over their first two months. #dstips It's nice to get mail!
College work is getting the best of me.
Beyond scared straight !
Little snowboarding this morning, great dinner with my beautiful wife at a great place.. Ending 2011 off right!! Bring on 2012!!!!
Excited to see you at #HouseofBlues tonight - any idea what time you guys go on??
you can still visualize what's in the book
um what
INTENSE ASS THERAPY SESSION.
Watching "The Grey". This film is intense.
aye I'm out here! Vegas! What up doe?!
seeks Pioneer level sponsors committed to $6k pa for 3yrs & seeks Partner level sponsors committed to $3k pa for 3yrs
IgniteATL is now half full and the real PR push hasn't started. Grab a seat! RT : Just broke 100 RSVPs to
Really enjoys train travel
The "Art of Seeing" promo book by Alcove Books just released. Bottom photo on cover is mine.
I just heard of it today. Im high fiving everyon I see lol
Our hearts are drunk with a beauty our eyes could never see. ~George W. Russell
Thank you! We are so happy you enjoyed your Valentine's dinner with us. Have a great rest of your night!
lol I saw that. I was about to be pissed!
Hey Umm when you Gonna Drop a New Video?? your Video's are Brain Banging.. lol
Delicate, impossible, and rare
definitely raw
So now we know that it was a human operation. I hate to sound heartless, but I don't care. That is just way too cool.
Mexican food!!!!! Chili's rellenos!!!! Aww we yeah!
sometimes i go on twitter rampages where i tweet, #allthetime . i need a #flow(:
I have given back into the dark side --- welcome back Netflix ...
Purple and orange are complimentary colors. They actually go together quite well. Just ask , the art guru.
good job jordie
Looking for my lunch buddy maybe we can slide to da tre and hit up Frenchy's real quick.
“: Yellow customers in VA heading to DC, Blue Line trains are less delayed than Yellow (not single tracking on Blue)." Not true.
driving back from Davis, near Modesto
thats really weird! But its all good! 😊
been said i was on, you guys worry about selling cars too much to listen
what about "butthurt" is that a word?
RT : When's that moderator going to ask about class basketball?
Tell the children or youth in your life how much you care for them and appreciate them.
“Official” Siri app hits the Android Market, highlights Google’s marketplace issues
Problems in the oil fields of North Dakota-- it may make you cringe. More info coming up at 5:30 on
"DONT YOU KNOW I GET FARTY AND BLOATED WITH A FOAMY LATTE!!!!"
I regret buying beats now :P
looks like a great panel!
BIDEN misunderstands SUPREME COURT & thinks ORAL ARGUMENTS is something U do, trying to get a blow...
Kennedy says appalling opinions do not nice people make -- despite
Eddie Gaedel had a longer MLB career than Sandy Leon,
women ruin everything
Thanks, Genevieve. I'm glad you liked it! Hope you are having a great weekend!
well a couple guesses wouldn't work anymore, so isn't there only like one other non-partner on your Team?
Can you have identical twins, one having Down Syndrome and the other not? I was always told they had to be fraternal..
This is how i feel about the Dave Matthews commercials. I can't hit mute fast enough.
that's the place.
#FF Thank you!!
Nathan Fletcher leaves the Republican Party. Says too many "games" in partisan politics. He becomes an independent candidate for SD Mayor
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! Hope u have an awesome day!! :)) <3
Hope you all have enjoyed your Spring Break! See you Monday :-)
Parking at #mobile2012? Park in Sheraton self-parking garage. Ask registration desk for validation to get discounted rate of $10 per day.
Sometimes to a man began to act, we need another man.
can u explain #tweetcolors ?
Love buffalo
cant wait eitherr . *I Love Aaron*
Thank you for
Brought Dave Eggers' () HEARTBREAKING WORK OF STAGGERING GENIUS with me as my weekend reading.
In the British Countryside, a Well-Packaged Life Remy Blumenfeld and Henryk Hetflaisz are based in London, but spend much of their time a
Half a season... then he was up outta there. LOL. Our pitching wasn't shit either.
I'm pretty sure the only way to counter their evil spam plan is to provide the real link to pictures of you naked
You are hilarious!
save your money for the NCAA finals
#iReallyHateWhen you have to earn respect and acknowledgment when it's given to others who aren't even worthy
When your day has brought you to its lowest point, go to the drum practice lab
Ron Paul is straightforward. Small government to the point of crumbling infrastructure, but in the name of freedom.
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it." ~ Yves Saint Laurent
whoa. RT : Bought glorious goods at Weather so beautiful in DC, it makes my soul horny.
No Problem. What's some of the most Challenging Aspects of being an Actress on TV/Movies, etc?
you need to get a background!
If u can't stand the heat... GET THE HELL OUT OF TEXAS
The book. But now I'm thinkin All you see is crime in the city. Black Star was the sht.
yeah and u keep blowing those pipes Lol . Cristiano ronaldo 10x better than messi in everything.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
I LOVE FREAKY HOODRAT BYTCHES! THEY DA BEST! I KEEP IT 100!
Yup that was it! Don't see too many of those around, especially at a baseball game ha.
I wouldn't mind seeing Yann Tiersen at First Ave on Saturday!
Woot! We're excited. Working on naming a special drink and will be posting the event info / twtvite on Tues. Thank you!
what do you many by everybody? Only certain people
Hit me up ASAP
Did you find them? I did....finally. Why did they change the layout? There was no reason to.
I tried to go see a pirate movie, but they wouldn't let me in
Thank you for tweeting our blog! Much love :)
"Private companies now control nearly half of all detention beds... according to government figures." End this now.
I agree about the location but the sushi and sashimi's superb. Had Charlie's choice!
thanks, get some sleep why is u up
now incl frig/satellite dish and all set RT : This sports parent thanks whomever invented the fold-up camping chair
My dream jobs: astronaut, major league baseball player, sports talk radio host, Blair Waldorff.
BRIDGING THE MUSIC PRESENTS COLORADO SOLO ARTIST AWARDS MAY 16, 2637. Welton St. DENVER CO. TICKETS $6 for info 720-341-8727
have to give the credit for Preppy Fist Pump
I'm now following on here, tumblr, and instagram... Crazy huh lol
Are you a doer?
I love that game.. user name BrryDeep
Why don't they make a 'chocolate Jesus on the cross' for #Easter? I'm tired of bunnies and eggs.
Watching Storage Wars has apparently really improved my game in this business! Coming home with an Audi A4 :)
Off to Softball love the heat!
damn brings back painful memories.
RJS asked me to get her a valentines day donut. no wonder you and are friends.
Theory: Favre claiming "anguish" to soften the backlash when he signs.
Roseanne blocked me ):
josh hamilton is a #beast! #4HR in 1 game... only 16th time in history! love it. always rooting for this guy.
I'm having a heck of time convincing our team and our clients that we need content first. Any sage advice?
Now that Tebow is in NY, does that mean Ed Werder will be moving out of Dallas to set up 24 hr watch outside Tebow apt with live updates?
Free summerfest event tickets coming your way!
haha it's a good thing i don't care or else I'd feel really awkward right about now
I <3 X-23! I loved Innocence Lost and her series that just ended. Not sure how I feel about Avengers Academy!
I spent 5.10 on the metro for one trip. Washington, you're not cheap.
Oh #Junior #Seau it ain't so!! Brutal loss, sorry San Diego, USC, Miami, Pat, Football fans in general, friends, family..
eating the luxury foods I want and get diabetes and for when the time would come to be on my own I'd just pull the-
An otherwise nice afternoon on the shores of the Potomac
Ready for some #questionsfrombreaking?
Wtf....just say girl teens like not even teens smoking outside this store..
No one has a right to be rich. Therefore, it doesn't apply to equality clauses.
we're all FREE!!! Natalia
Playing pitbull at work. 😏🙌💃
This was used by myself and another friend. It's half true. Our homework was due, and we didn't even start it, so our excuse was that my ...
I think she'll likely come out wearing only a terrible towel. That's what I'd do.
An approaching deadline at work? Be sure to pump yourself up w/ a balance of protein & fiber (think vegetables or healthful carbs).
Beautiful Day.
Just learned about it today!
In Fondy with for her last WAHA festival ice. It's always special to watch my kids do stuff they love.
Single looking to settle....had my fun for a year
was there an earthquake today? my stack of books toppled over...
Hold yourself accountable or fail!
Key trends: SoLoMo, ubiquitous, geolocated, data flood, & always on
We were 1 once, but nvr again, the past is behind us and our grand future is waitin to come
Here, instead of Mahomie 4 Life, let's try and trend ALWAYS SUPPORTING MAHONE. (: sorry about the change!
Are the Pacers ever again going to play on national TV? Like if they make the Playoffs is ESPN still going to refuse to broadcast them?
working too much. missed you too :)
so guess what lovable face appeared on the stamp of the congrats card I got from my grandmother!~
: Thanks Katie! I'm glad you think so! :)
i will kick you ..
:-O and a blush
Dr - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too. May retirement be great & your wine great too!
i need new friends...
you really are
Is it just me or does anyone else want to punch the host of the 700 club? He's a jerk...
coming to UK.. I want to see you!:'(
Umm….some of these are horrifying. Horrifying, yet awesome. I like/am scared of the Tim Curry, House MD, and Gary Busey
RT : #Learning friends
Funny that the source reporting #Braun decision is "imminent" is ESPN, who threw him under the bus in the first place.
IT Staffing Ratios are out! Request a copy today! Snapshot of staffing benchmarks from Gartner, Inc, Computer Economics and HDI
Who goes to the gym when you can go to new Hampshire? Not me and
Tomorrow is Sample Saturday ! *Awesome!*
The upright see and rejoice, but all the wicked shut their mouths. Psalm 107:42
Hey there! How does an actress get seen for #BookOfJoe without an agent submission? #HelpAFellowLI'erOut! #ShamelessSelfPromo!
re Love Exhibition. You prob.already know about Exploratorium's fabul. Love Tapes from 1980s. If not talk w. staff who remember.
girl! I know that's right!!
Going to my first rap metal nerdcore show tonight you guys.
That is luck. I hope you find some great things. Have fun going crazy!
This game here! These officials are so lucky they're not here in Memphis, because I'd be waiting on them to exit that building
“I’m sorry for the loss of your son. I did not know how old he was. I did not know if he was armed or not.” ~IOW all black yung boys r armed
Hahahaha! I just laughed out loud in a thrift store.. now all the hipsters are giving me dirty looks. xD
Mom's birthday party later! even though i'm not even invited .. -.-
That was the coolest thing ever.
JOTR to finish.
Dee, just picked up #ShutUpAndGiveMeTheMic . Can't wait to dig in!
OMG BLINK 182 IS SERIOUSLY AMAZING AND I WAS HONORED TO BE IN THE PRESENCE OF THEM TONIGHT. YOU GUYS PUT ON THE BEST SHOW!
Once Upon a Tooth... a Fairy's Tale is now available for download in the iBookstore and iTunes!
Happy 37th birthday to the best an baddest linebacker EVER Mr. Ray Lewis.
I love the convenience of the changing table, it's the perfect height. What am I ever going to do now that Ella is getting to big! Advice?
Our show tonight features 8 performances on both floors. crazy legs, dub locks, sometimes...
Random observation: I love traditional Italian cooking! Easy to prepare, simple ingredients, BIG flavors....
thanks man, I worked hard at tweaking the code for spreadshirt so that it two can fit in timline for facebook.
lol, it took less than a day for Wade to back off his "should be paid for olympics" comment
I like when i look at my phone's google search history and the first one says "i just had sex with an animal"
