Just conquered the Great White Whale of naughty professor movies--"Wonder Boys."
In the Lompoc Wine Ghetto. Like Loring.
Try one of our delicious candy flower arrangements for this St. Patricks Day!!!
haha how does that make any sense?
Before I burn this bridge, im throwing you off it.
Congratulations to all our #SWE award recipients on your great accomplishments. I can't wait to see you at
Wouldn't that basically be Hellblazer in the Buffyverse?
Why am I upset? I shouldn't even be thinking about you.
Just watched a nice piece about #Sirte, #Lybia on It makes me mad that US media spends zero minutes on news like this.
i like sweet talkers cant even lie! but i always know when your bullshitting me!.
Looks like I'm as smart as an asian who prob learned math before she was crawling! Yeys
to me was a complete lie. You never really liked me. And deep down when I said you were out of my league I ment that you were to
eddie in jail stopping N staring & not apologizing cuz he's crazy n he knows it.I do like Eddie tho, too much soda!
Dodgers Bankruptcy Update
10 followers needed on instragram to hit my goal - new pic as soon as I hit 200 :) msbaileye 💋💋💋
Wants to Congratulate the class of 2011!!! It was a pleasure serving your drunk asses. dT.
Often* RT Saw Balloons in the sky this morning...does this happen offer here in ABQ?
Springfield Central's Tyrell Springer will head out to Jacksonville College in Texas, following in the footsteps of Malik Smith
I didn't get a chance 2 c it. Had 2 post bail 4 friend
Good Morning World! Thank God 4 letting us see another day! & I have a GREAT feeling about some changes I am about 2 make ;o)
tryna get her groove back like stella, grab the umbrella
Getting closer! RT Just looked at my bracket....its between me and ... Let's go Kansas!
Good day! SKC win, and Coalesce and Fucked up at the riot room. Now sleep!
heard you broke up with Ron hope its not true!! :) <3 u and ROn
I see someone stole my motto & used it as their twitter name...I'm flattered I guess -_-
I love your tweets
hahaha, there you go - i love that movie.
we need ropes!
Great 1st quarter!
Yooooo ✌😌 I gotta admit you got my attention
So cold out and my butt hurts can this day get any worse?????
i'm really looking forward to hearing the rest of this story.
Taking the kids to the beach!
Ask him about when he said he's a better writer than Cormac McCarthy.
Want to revisit this partnership proposal? #dolmajewelry & #AmericanExpress Present: Every Step of the Way
awww so precious!!! Happy Mothers Day!!
I need food bro.
It's a little late but thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes. Just had an awesome dinner with the fam!
Lmao my sisters a trip........
thanks for getting back to me. How about Sunday? They may need older men that day... Not sure yet.
registered my adress and car, will be full time this semester, how do I know which pass to chose
Enjoyed your sets last night!! Congrats on a great show.
RT S/O to all my followers
yeah :3 she loves me & my cheeks :)
If he didn't kill the officer no he shouldn't have been executed but don't act like he was a saint and you all knew him personally. Fools
Movers arriving in 10 minutes. And it's raining. If I believed in omens, this would probably fall into the "probably not good" category.
hell yeah an Arnold Palmer
Congrats to one of my fav drummers on his first drum endorsement from rimshot-locs! is rollin !
I don't trust the cloud. I like to have control of my own data.
Good Luck. Not that you really need it.
Are there any conference presenters that you would like to see present a follow up CAI webinar?
I'm home alone
Kicking some asian's ass in
Needs to or is it there? RT a mikey and bob channel needs to be found at dot com
R u following the awesome #abc7chicago weekend morning team? & & !! They rock!
Meeting adjourned! Earliest in a long while :)
Nothing sicker than working with one of your best friends
would you give me a shout out please??
Just won a 2 night stay at a resort here in destin :). Over $750! Who's coming to visit lol?!
#Booked a #national #Comcast #commercial!!! :):)
We need to follow faculty into online teaching domains and co-create with them. YES!!!
I had a dream that all my pants were 6 sizes too small from all the chocolate I ate the last few days. I don't wanna get dressed now. Eek!
RT : is all-you-can-drink starting at 7pm?
making a lovely italian sausage soup. the house smells nice.
BENTLEY? are you kidding? What does he do? Brain surgery? My dad drives a lame range rover
Roman's Revenge is Nicki Minaj's best song
Wow, this overtime game 7 doesn't seem nearly as stressful as last night's did for me...I wonder why!
Packed crowd at budget Town Hall meeting in Ward 1.
how so?
its at Aura in kc off 39th and main. Be there!
Screen-writing class with the amazing Peter and Ceci Russell today! I love these guys!
Had a crazy evening
Already feels like Westbrook is gonna shoot 40 times tonight
Its never too late to forgive someone
It's true! RT : A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning". It also means "I think about you when I wake up."
"that's a paddlin'" classic :)
Anger in SA at rape video hearing
HALF FINAL
Watchn behind the music Notorius B.I.G
I too love this essay.
What did you end up doing tonight?
Nietzsche, Heidegger, Kierkegaard, Thoreau, Foucault. Spell these words correctly w/out looking. Are you 5 for 5? You can work here!
Avatar =much better than I thought it would be.
yesh you are.
11:00pm flight out of Denver to get back to PGH at 8:30 tomorrow morning. I wish there was complimentary Ambien instead of potato chips.
yes yes i am im a good bottom slut and i love to get pounded love to feel ur hot cum run down my tight ass cheecks
Oh I know. That's all part of the trolling.
Broken #40oz on the red line.
#ItsCrazyHow good french fries taste with a big chocolate milkshake! Yummy=)
Khloe--I have a doctor reco for you in Dallas. Believe me, I learned the hard way! Hope all is well.
I know it's on all the time!
you are too
that's funny. I should do that.
“: Take a long good look at your mother, because chances are you'll be just like her... I'll be fabulous. #diamonddiploma”
He went commercial and thought he was better than he really was. Technically, he is a one hit wonder.
lol boy the dance performance at school !
-___- stop playin with me!! but ok, ill call
Looks like I'm getting an agent. Can't give details yet.
Thank you for the #FF mentions and back at you
Omg Thankies & I Just Both Of Y'all Lol
if i asked you SUPER nicely would you follow me?((:
The less people know about you, the less problems you'll encounter.
Shit kicking it, what's up
When my parents tell me how country I sound -_______-
Good, now ur ready for the weekend
MY NAME IS LIZZY. NOT LIZZIE OR LIZZ.
you are amazing
So much for bottom-of-the-lineup black hole. Keep it up, Crew.
Looking at arguments surrounding reciprocal trusts and reciprocal trustees and their potential for causing estate tax inclusion.
New hard drive and Office 2008 for Mac, today. Gotta love the UW discount...
Great convo, with the skilled and knowledgeable and
1/14/2011 For CFOs, Profitability is your virtual life partner The Next Web
always nice getting special visits/appearances from you at
I haven't had this much laundry to do since finals time during college. Why oh why did I wait so long to do laundry :(
I have to go to my parents to eat dinner now then back to work yum
Appreciate the kinds words re: the vid. Sorry for the delay. Could barely keep my eyes open last night.
I really hate you. Never talk to me again.
Thinking about doing a Twitter party for Would your mom blog friends like to participate?
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 49
Via MT Check Your Head (more than Nirvana) for me announced the coming of the 90s as a distinct cultural moment
Got a flu shot today. Hope it keeps me protected from the evil flu...
Sleepless nights.....
Bobby Wagner with a pick in the Senior Bowl
thanks for following me my lovely UK ladies!!!!!
if gas is 3.50 at the pump, i'm willing to pay it if it means there's a shot at democracy in egypt
RT Listening to Palomar rehearse Omar Daniel's Preludes at the cultural center. Sounds great!
The Orioles are leading the AL East..Wonder how many times we'll be able to say that again this year..
You say I'm ugly ! you should look yourself first before judging someone! -___-t
"I didn't cheat on you." "Cheetahs have the fastest land speed of any living animal."
Happy Birthday Walt Whitman. Thank you for inspiring my life's work 37 years ago. www.mythobotanicalpress.com
Looking forward to #VisionExpo next week!
when all else fails, God won't.
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!
I know! I'll sign up for the next session :)
1day down for to go.
Cancel that.
Dre & JaVale were players of the game in the win Tue, no impact to tonight & #Nuggets up 20. This is how Masai envisioned it, depth...
Wy them a spread rumor that Johnny Osbourne DEAD.Them fe stop call down death pon people we all haffe roll out one day>
ah this sh!t is surreal
"You could dream about it, or you could go out and make it happen."
Really liked a lot of that piece, but that bit of it was just impossible for me to overlook, just so very wrong & out of touch.
Good just been busy, working a lot. Hoping to get a break in witch to shoot soon.
LOL at Shaq's drawn-on abs. LOL. re: Shirt-off vs. Charles Barkley.
Sho can you DM me your email...I want to hit you up
don't go anywhere. You are almost my favorite, you know, after mark...
send me your number again
I have that weird Zicam coated tongue feeling
“: Last class of Freshmen year” YA TIMMY!
mane who up?
RT : In front of the pic of Salt n Pepa, overheard two people wondering who 3rd woman was, bc "there are only two of them!"
Hey #ABQ, we're on our way to deliver a custom buffet that we built! I'll post pics later!
I love ANAL-yze-ing
#LinkedIn #group are helpful to #smallbusiness owners. Find the right group for your biz, then participate, read, discuss and learn!
before the social media panel, make sure to change the default twitter pic... :)
So glad to be in here with
"Xeroxed copies of articles, with words underlined and exclamation marks in the margins, are everywhere."
So, what wine is keeping you cool in this heatwave?
dang! An excuse to keep your Tupperwares in the car. Lol!!!
At LD 30 meeting to speak on ImagineArizona plans and proposals.
Great meeting you at #Redsfest today.
Bummed I missed it. Hubby had to give permission for me to finally buy my copy. Stupid budget... lol Ready for the next 1 tho!
Hm maybe a fling or two
Had to get a new iPad so reloading apps now - is there really no LinkedIn app for iPad? I only saw an iPhone app. Hm...
Sir, stop using the hair dryer to blow out your genies..please let me change in peace so I can drink and get this image out of my head
#Tastemakersks Great call, Nice to meet all of you!! !!
I want to put Sage in pageants! She would win the grand supreme!! :)
“: Why does love sending me random group texts?” you should be honored to be included in "the group"
YES!!!! RT : I get mad because I care.
I know! :D I still dint know how to do anything though ...
oh! I want to see :)
damn girl she was mad at you cuz you asked to follow you doe like where they do that at haha
had a great vaca
I need a topic for my editorial this week on #thedailywiz. Any ideas?
Hope you join to #LiveaLittle this week :)
I hope everyone is playing the #scorcese drinking game right now with the rest of the #Oscars #bridesmaids rule
did they call your parents tho?
RT - Someone plz explain to me why the Cleveland Indians keep trying to steal third with two out? Anyone? Bueller?
This part of the drive to Lake Alta directed by Tim Burton: Tru-to-Life Taxidermy & Knife Sharpening across the road from a topiary garden.
ha me to, maybe even some capture the flag
A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his neighbor's an asshole, his bestfriend's a pussy, & his owner beats him.
have Thai food and it might make the pain go away temporarily :)
loving the new kitchen too! Great job!!
equality is good.
"I only got a twitter so I could hashtag" I'm proud :)
what's up?
Why can't the #NFL do what #MLB does with MLB.TV,it is awesome!
Where's the place to be tonight DENVER!?! :)
Great! taking on college radio! Finally. Someone who will speak out against collegiate broadcasting!
Well, that makes total sense to me. Except the bit about sleeping - what a waste of time :)
"We will forgive them all, absolving all the world from what we thought it did to us. For it is we who make the world as we would have it."
I'm pretty sure the mirrors at Boston Sports Club are convex to encourage regular attendance & membership renewals. #ICantBeThatFatCanI?
Wow that shows two shits. Dont expect in return
we still have stuff in the fridge that needs to be drunk
When i think about my family, I smile...blessings
Procrastination is the thief of time. - Chinese Proverb
OMG is EVERYTHING. I know would love this
let me know when you are paying them a visit - I’m in for some enforcement of etiquette!
Got my car hand washed yesterday only to wake up to it covered in pollen this morning
The Village people are unhappy with the YMCA. Find why at theentertainmentbucket.com
Aight you on a desert island with unlimited clean water... you get 2 other beverages of your choice to always be there, what do you choose?
like i said, it's a concept mix based entirely on the connections between each record... it's not a super long mix tho.
I can't wait to get these next 3 days over with for school.
alrighty. ill have Naruto waiting >:O
Happy Eating, Happy Friday! :)
I am too!
love the concord grape.
Q: Best movie of 2011?
RT : My arm was jealous of my feet for all their love, so designed a purse, the Rita. Arm is happy!
The good ones go if you wait too long.
still study more ya^^haha
Tired of this crap. Time to make success the main thing to be again.
Hoping the peeps are prepped for class. Discussing the heavy Union/NLRA/Sec 7's & 8's tonight. Now I know how Dr. feels at times.
some1 once told me don't let books get n the way of a good education unless its National Geographic now that's an education
Alarm fail. As in, I never set it.
Nothing I do will ever be good enough for these people.
Congrats go to for winning in the WPT Doyle Brunson Five Diamond World Poker Classic! Happy Birthday too!
What is going on..
Having one of those nights where I can't sleep because i have so much on my mind! Tomorrows gonna suck!
Bye the way, really enjoyed Carlsbad Tavern while in Scottsdale last week. Excellent food, good service and a fun place.
Johnny Cash Tunes at 8 with Big Smith of God's Outlaw, Cold Beer, BBQ, and our Pickin' Porch is open. See Ya'll Tonight! JC
I love the Kuechly pick as long as Jon Beason stays in the middle. I like him there.
Thank you for a reasonable comment from a man.
Man so glad the saints lost....not a team i hate more.....plus all their bandwagon fans
hahaha, I'm not Superman, I am superwoman, but my favorite superhero is #superaustin and #superalex :P
looking forward to it :)
This THURSDAY: Happy Hr @ "Carpool" in NoVa (Metro: Ballston). Fun begins @ 5:30pm! Come ready for darts, shuffleboard, pool & DRINKS!!
lol it's funny AFTER...just super freaky when it happens 0_0 lol
And you didn't feel like you had that license already? ;)
Do you have the nammber to H&R Block? I know you remeber that commercial and that woman in the elevator lmfao
My teacher is forcing me to read everyday.So later guys! Goodnight.♥
Maestro named one of Michigan 50 companies to watch; also gets the Main Street USA award! Way to go Maestro Team!
GReat speech, though
OMG 1,020 Followers! Muah Time For A Contest
miss ya.
...and I still feel terrible.
Hey Jessica, love your profile pic!
4 they eat the bread of wickedness & drink the wine of violence. Wood u say this is true 4 ppl who do illegal drug cuz they support cartel
Nitty Scott is killing it.
The Moth is coming to the Pabst Theater, tickets go on sale on Friday @ noon!
I drank coffee before bed again, now I can't sleep >.<
I love crossing out multiple pages of my days work. Also
Great content!
seriously can you talk about some womanly shit like cars & explosions!?
I'm so appalled spaulding bald
Thanks! The event will be in Chantilly. Ok if I put you on the invite list?
Is your mom into plants? Visit our Mother's Day Plant Sale May 11-13 to pick up exclusive heirloom plants just for her!
where did you get this picture from?
El placer ha sido mio Francisco
take a walk.
RTLook at Uniontown Bar & Grille-good ex. of biz that's not operating in riot-ready mode. Take down barriers & get 2 know your patrons.
so I am totally in the mood for some of your #BBQRibs today! Who's with me? ? I know your in!
My husband is back from the UK today!
Text often makes us forget our manners.
Good mornin tweeters N VILLIANS. This is ur captain speaking! Yes hello n greetings captain speaking. Stay away from jigaloos
And to all: a good night.
Details, details.
So I know im a little late but
Hahaha, I can't handle that
"Like any of that's enough to stop the Dark Master-- bater." - Xander
my mom told me to go somewhere with her rn and i told her only if u buy me sushi and she just left
They say that alcohol kills slowly. So what? Who's in a hurry?
We're on spring break next week, lkg forward to digging into #ccglobal myths project w/ 5th grdrs upon return!
RT LIVE at will be dedicating a song on 4/27 to a lucky fan. Think you’re worthy of a shoutout?
i might watch that
Today was a good day. Too much work but damn fun.
University of Chicago Press: no digital solutions work well for endnotes and footnotes and so on?
I'm done bro, like fck it. I ain't fuckin with nobody no more.
New ownership group called the NCAA to have Dodger records during the McCourt/Fox era, wiped out from the record books.
RT - Jacksonville Jaguars RB Maurice Jones-Drew made is 2011 preseason debut tonight and had a 14 yard run (14 yards...
i have yet to hear their songs. in fact, im gonna right now.
Packers were pretty disappointing today. Something like 7 dropped catches and 3 fumbles? F*cking embarrassing ...
Said it earlier il say it again first goal wins..Game 7 beckons...book that!!
S/o to he's a real one.... follow him and he follows back....
TAL is pulling all stops to make sure we all know about the retraction episode. Press release, blog post, Facebook post, email blast
yeah they are
Girl fuck u no one press lmao
Walking to LIHAS rehearsal after having my ass handed to me all day at work. Oof.
me too :) i love shake it up! <3
Enlightening. Via ": Winter safetytip: NEVER use oven to help heat home & never use a charcoal grill or hibachi in home or garage.”
be a human being, social media advice from
Say it ain't Mo! Can't believe this could be the end of the great Mariano Rivera. Now what?
wish alki was closer. might have to hit greenlake
Happy 1st Anniversary The year BTR has flown by w/ lots of news. Year 2 begins right now(: Congrats!
Oh look Omar Epps😂
White Dude With Neck Tattoo means one of 3 things: 1)from Racine/Keno county 2)multiple illegitimate kids 3)both.
Weekend get here already!!! ☺
Anyone Have any casting notices for our talent?
Today's BTU inspiration: "I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention." ~Diane Sawyer
The Lusitania is in concert-- a prelude to "The Last Waltz" out under the stars!
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: FHA - VA - USDA & Home Path Loans Offered
Holy shit! i dont want to die! my brother is high and im scared for everyone here.. Dx omg omg omg i might start crying
Puts the whole Charlie Sheen stuff into perspective huh? RIP Mike Starr
Enjoy the show!! RT : Can't wait to see End of the Rainbow with and
i just youtubed nicolas cage sexy because i wanted to know if people made youtube montages of nicolas cage. the answer is yes.
are you sure Owens will be cool if I stop by?
Anyone looking to do an inspiration shoot in June and wanting a cake ball cake? I need to do something new and exciting!!!!
That's great! I've been looking forward to this one all year long, so let's just say I'm #excited as well!
Unless we find the owners, I think we might have inherited a cat.
Don't forget to buy an amazing gift for your mother at Cream. Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13 make sure to make Mom smile on her special day!
*Sigh* Trying to resist a temptation...
I get to appreciate lately the little blessings that come my way.=) i think i'm better.
still loading
then met her match this old lady driving is no Punk!!! Lol
No its not a problem :) and sure ill follow!
So many good articles to read in all the Sunday papers today!
I so feel the same...
I want tattos!!!
i've tried to forgive, but i can't forget.
“: CLAW tonight at Blue Moon Diner. Doors at 7, starts at 8.” too many choices tonight!
Should you be at #primal tonight ? Does rick ross eat chicken?
Savoring every word of Sue Miller's "The Senator's Wife"
RT : Sometimes when people push you away, it's because they need you to pull them closer.
Can't find egg substitute that isn't made from starch or sugar! Wish we could for egg allergies.Free samples for support groups
Knicks, please just give up
Dude , i don't care how many followers you have . Your still ugly😒
I hated 万 already, but now I have a newfound distaste for 億
Stained Glass Hearts wonders if you would help promote us in exchange for sponsorship and free products featuring the designs?
there No Bodies!!! =)
Hey, stranger. Is the big day May 1st or 2nd? I always forget.
the meeting is the 24th. Colleen & Annie will be there all week. Not sure about Jennie. I will be there Wed & leaving Sun.
free workshop right now! Simple Dial-In Instructions Call: 270-400-2000 Enter Access Code: 32433243
Imma miss part of that fight cause I'll just be leaving work....
Step #3: give up on blame
Did you have fun?(:
not too shabby
vitamin P
+ + = #Problems #WatchMKE 10.21.11 You don't want to miss this!
- Thanks for following, pretty #Pittsburgh ladies!
Have a safe flight :)
#BandsILove The Bravery
I am living the life tonight. Sitting here watching 3 guys beat each other up on a wrestling video game. Wine would make this bearable...
Ran AA into QQ. She flopped a set and I rivered a straight. I apologized for giving her a bad beat.
dear lightning, you light up my block like no other
stop blowing up twitter with our awful insults thank you
Who wants to come with me today to see the Avengers
It feels good to be home.
then whats the big deal...
And everyone must leave...the bar scene is so creepy
yeah I dunno I think for right now its gonna be james till I find something better
If you're lucky, you'll get "penmanship points"
Ha! Like day/night
Awe! And I'm thankful for you as well! I love you!!
Use coupon code FORUM10 for 10% off Kratom Seed Pods. Organically grown in the USA! bit.ly/nFWcxN
RT : While we're here, can we check out lesbian erotica. I'm still trying to figure exactly what it is they do.
Signed back up at Planet Fitness! Had my 1st work out today and feel great!
Take your attention away from what you dont want and place your attention on what you wish to experience. ~Michael Beckwith
omg!!!! My amazing friend, I just saw followed you!!!! I can't believe it, I'm so happy for u my dear!!!
there are a few good ones.
I'm glad I didn't get booted for that!
I'm gonna drink my tears and cry, cause I know you love me baby. I know you love me baby.
.: I don't use many hashtags unless for specific big event. Don't think people use them that much.
I sent like 11 pics I have lots more but I thought that was enough right? lol
just because a few of us date kittens does not a cougar den make.
Tell me that you need me because I love you so much, Say you'll never leave me because I need you so much.
The beauty is the principle is the same with success. Making good, small decisions and carrying them out daily can totally change things.
I do love me some NY slices! But as a native chicagoan, must stick w/chicago-style! RT
favorite movie?
Sent someone your way for the marketing assistant position! One of my old employees who just moved to SF
Here + Now 20 Twelve starts this time tomorrow!
why haven't you done a noh8 picture yet?
keep promoting your shoes! Joe NEEDS to see them!
RT ": You aint gotta lie to me"
is having dinner at zburger with the session 2 students tonight!
I'm trying to remember why i thought going to a 10:00 movie was a good idea after a Derby party followed by Cinco de Mayo dinner.
NY-Vegas for CES... 8 meetings tomorrow away from the crowds, must manage night life activities
your players are , , (nnz2v)
WHAT THE HECK I JUST GAINED 50+ NEW FOLLOWERS BY FOLLOWING FOLLOW HIM NOW COME ON CLICK IT YOUR NOT CLICKING IT DO IT NOW!!
You're so welcome! Thanks for the tweet. :-)
Sounds nice and mystical.
#np don't stop believin'. one of the many songs about me and We always tell each other to never, ever give up. #bestrong :D
Even if FDA can share submission data; can it easily be shared?
Hurt my foot a lil throwin dat damn discus
SAN DIEGO: Did y'all see the business section of the today featuring mixologist Frankie Thaheld of George's at the Cove
the Celtics did...
Happy birthday to one of our all time favorite fan/friend ! Have an awesome day and thank you for all the support :)
yeah that's right better recognize I can hurt myself all by myself
If you suspect a food allergy, withdrawal and rechallenge is the reliable way 2 test; better than bloodwork
If you light a lamp for someone, it will brighten your own path. ~ Buddha
SUCH A GREAT NIGHTT!!!! so much fun<3
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
Who's watching the Tribe today?!! 3-0 good guys! RT
Stay inside! ;-) Just saw special on getting struck with lightning!
“Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning” Winston Churchill
How much oversight and evaluation is a part of a non profit's strategy?
How did it go? RT : I had an interview...
Joys divided are increased.
Pickup Line: Hi, my name's ______. You better remember it cause you'll be screaming it later!!
Finally getting things together with the New NYC studio.. Expect to start seeing new R material early March..
I'm new to twitter, is that a paid position for them and are you able to have personal conversations. About the face ques
I believe it is important for people to create a healthy mental environment in which to accomplish daily tasks
yeah, i'm a nerd
#Shoutout to for always making me laugh! Haha
Happy National Library Week. Where's my cake? I was told there would be cake.
youre my type of lady.they must love you where ever you go do you like italians
#Kylestock is only 27 days away!!! Have you gotten your ticket yet? You don't want to miss out on this one!
Effects of #homelessness on #children - #hunger, stress, mental illness, etc... have a huge effect on learning ability.
i miss your old house!
Just installed the Blackberry 6 OS. It's a big improvement - sort of like the iPhone if the iPhone did less stuff.
We’re entering an era of true “imagineering” in digital marketing that finally combines art and science.
I would consider my life complete
exchanged during a typical French
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.-Mark Twain
Thanks for allowing to host an USAPAN and congratulations to the new RAPS E-Board!
How come every time you come to AZ it is going to rain? Its gonna be another damn good show!
Hard work,lots on my mind,ambition on my heart,determination in my blood... good night
Thanks for the RT of the Pew study news, Ernesto. Hope you have a great weekend.
Holy shit, man. Let it fucking go. Do you really need to spam this several times a day? Copyright laws. Chill the fuck out.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked What do you mean you can't dunk?
Whenever we walk to for lunch it gets cold and rainy. Must be a sign the burger gods are pissed we're cheating on
RT if you're reading this. :3
Yay! Congrats Lady! RT It's official! I'm honored to be in the 2012 #OpeningDay Heading to NYC!
Happy Mother's Day! Treat your mom to an Uber ride & keep your place as "the favorite child".
I get to Denver sat evening and will be there til wed am, Ping me on cell to catch up. wont be tweeting likely.
When lebron checks in the game starts to get one-sided
I should have kill him... -.- So stubborn.. took off his cast.
well. i disagree.
liking someone who is literally 20 feet away from your house is funn haha (:
Pulitzer Prize Winner John Updike Dies
Holy crap..
I'm tired of all this hate!
I feel somebody is going to win at cell phone bingo at 11:35 this morning...
IKR! We had a maths test today hence lol the extension part was like WTF
1000 followers & then the most shoutouts will receive a Play-On bracelet from me :)
Very nice work. Well done!
Yea, I'm gone.
I'm sick ugh keep throwing up
the truth can and often is... ruthless.
Frosted Flakes + chocolate milk =
Tanning in the parking lot holla
You're only as good as the people you hire
thanks.. Ugh!
And she manages to be a style icon, black eye notwithstanding. Adorables!
Follow us tomorrow night for live feeds as the #Thunder take on the #Rockets in our Game of the Night.
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
MT Psychologist Alexander Luria's lovely term for deeply-ingrained habits like writing: "kinetic melodies."
yes it's a promotion Blackberry is doing and they selected PBA Bowling as one of the apps available
Lmfao. Timeless music. : "Then I put her on that loud and feed her turkey burgers. DAMN" so trill lol
So glad you could stop by! We love sharing the Rohrbach experience RT : So amped for dinner tonight at // first time
2/2 and thank you so much for making my night so awesome!!! i'm so #thankful that i have an awesome aunt ( ) Love yah
How are you feeling buddy
i agree. i picked him up he saved my team
we are like the Greek chorus of this prez :-)
Kobe 16 years in NBA this is long time bro!!! His getting old
Begin with general activity: #2 - Take the Stairs. Always.
Damn it feels good to be a napper.
Don't miss our final show of the season w/ Zac Brown Band on 10/16! Tix , phone 800.745.3000, Box Office (M-F 10-4).
Enjoyed that hour on Florida Roundup. Thx, Phil for having me on WLRN 91.3FM
#ICantStandPeople Especially the kids at my school!(:
Yeah baby. RT : "Nowhere is the promise of innovation greater than in American-made energy."
Thanks for following the #Museum and !
Great things in the works...happy to be working with Sheryl from once again! She thinks of everything for events!
Well hello, Michigan! Good to see you again! Looking forward to a relaxing weekend :)
Ah, I see. Thought you were talking about KassemG for a second. Always got YouTube on the mind.
Len's getting worse as the night goes on.
had a great time working with you guys on #cgxemerge safe travels home today hope new Orleans treated you well!
But than you get in this mood 
Right now, 3 super manly men I adore are driving my personal belongings from #DC all the way to #Dallas! Excited for my stuff & my visitors!
It's March, the most confusing of all the months.
Thanks for the great coverage from southern Indiana this past weekend.
Kiwanis of Cudahy-St. Francis "Let's Twist Again" Dance Party Saturday 1PM-5PM at American Legion Post 27
If there ever was an anti-christ for Gus Johnson, it's Doris Burke. She can make anything uninteresting and immediately unwatchable
well good luck if you change your mind site just go to our website
dude. I've been alone with my kid for like 12 hours - and HE IS STILL ALIVE!!
Notre dame and usf in ot.... I want #nd in the #befinals nothing like avenginging our one loss on the way to 39-1.
sure thing (:
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside. -Denis Waitley
MT FUJI WITH SAWYER😍😍😍
as a Yankee fan that Tweet hurt.
no worries - nice to meet you!
true. BTW, I still have to get you some Packers or Badgers gear don't I?
Happy St Paddy's Day to ALL local CA ..Rainy day activities ! , , , ,
Had a dream I was on a lockdown with Haha
Get that pool open this weekend! Or else!
The POV Winter Documentary Series is over! Join us 5/23 for the Summer Documentary Series starts. Films shown weekly @ 5:30p in the Rines!
I have no doubt that these cuts will result in worse care for my state.
#Thursday is the new Friday
We are now open to serve you for 10am-4pm for Christmas eve. Now serving all phone screen repairs 60 min.
Live neither in the past nor in the future, but let each day's work absorb your entire energies, and satisfy your widest ambition. Sir Osler
lol tread carefully... :)
cool :) I wanted to ask you... Did you sign up to do the walk on role or did you act in front of them? If that makes since
Getting ready for the blackhawks game. only canadian and northern wisconsin beer allowed tonight
Succesfull organizations PLAN the change, then MANAGE the change and then REINFORCE the change.
Funemployment=lots of lazing about and an erratic sleep schedule. Not as fun as it sounds. I need to get busy!
the family should file a lawsuit against the Sanford police department and a wrongful death against shooter
Hologram Tupac is going to lead the machines with amazingly inspiring beats and lyrics in the great robot vs human war.
2011...great To have you. Let's See what you have in store... can't Wait to find out!
Do you plan on re-visiting Vermont to tour the progress being made on the Irene recovery project?
is cold
“: Just discovered Finch's Beer Co., brewed here in Chi. Solid! #bottomsup”
I'm thinking if I use this garage spring with a pipe inside for support. It should work well for the spine.
I wasn't sure I could use that word though :)
I shall :)
Legislators acknowledge that free buses to prisons are crucial to keeping familial bonds intact for kids of incarcerated Moms.
Until game 1...
UK has beaten half of the teams in the Elite Eight.
do you have a specific water pill you prefer over others? There are so many out there. Thanks, Love you.
When Came in The Middle ♥ Damn ... who needs Ovaries anyways .
Hi YOU!! Do we have a little one yet?!?! xox
Hello there. Im from Miami too. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Turning an iconic house into a home is as easy as pie - Kansas City Star
sounds nice!
Hit a pot hole the size of Texas! Lost my hubcaps and flattened my tire. Really glad knows what to do right now!
Happy belated bday we gonna get down...
What I'm saying is that it's FAKE source.
Sad trend here is assessments almost as a scare tactic for parents/students. Admins want grades posted for all to see.
oh gosh!! I hope not!! That would be boring and mean!!! Ugh idk!! I want to know haha
Happy Mothers Day Mom!!
Hi david!
Good first half keep it up
Hollywood icon & American "teen idol" I'll never forget. R.I.P.
Schmitz essay< now to write the best thesis paper i possibly can>.<
flinched when Camilla raised that elbow. I still like her, but we now know she a pretty girl and can't fight so *shrugs*
tonight's Eva's last night on Desperate Housewives.. Going to miss her😔
#BlackFriday Only: 1st month membership inside Poynter's Iron Pit Gym: $12.00. No contracts/ no enroll..Fees + 25% off All Supplements
Next time on Underground Television...
About30 days left b4 New York!! SuperXcited but got lots of projects2wrap b4 I leave. Lets see how much I can get n b4 takeoff...ha!
Sorry I fell asleep texting
the same school your going too uwf right?
time to get that extra help for this assignment. i need a nap as well. then class. then who knows where the evening'll go! #whatsfordinner?
that's what I been doing nd I'm getting aawsome results
I'm not here for bitchy emails in the summer time.
Josh Hamilton is better than you at baseball
Thank you for the re-following Robyn, and have a wonderful weekend as well.
Jumping jacks would help that?
Leaving radio station headed to studio!!
It's called Moneyball.
Lol I saw this guy who wrote 3rd annual tony and I was like its not the 3rd Tony's then I read on and it said djtonytouch and I was like wow
can u please follow me
Nick breezy (;
Awk moment wen the bomb sniffing dog stops &smells my knee caps and I don't have a bomb lol
Oh, and use hash tag #TFNBaker if you're here and Tweeting
Are you down to listen to me?
What I'm apparently not missing at #SXSW #boysinscarves and
Get it girl! Have fun!
It's Friday! Time to vote for this week's Beach Body Blast winner..Head over to our Facebook page and vote until 5pm!
give her somethin old school! I need that
When do you get in? :)
tonight door. Cheap tickets and a great cause if your in Chicago. Non Chicagoans go here! ttp://gigity.tv/event/220/ Payyce!
I should be productive today.. 👌 I like I shall!
New Hours Monday thru Saturday, 11am to 10pm Happy Hour, Friday & Sat 3 to 7 Closed Sundays
Good Afternoon tweeples..!! Haven't Been On All Day. I Miss Every Single One Of My Friends. Tell Me All About You Guys' Day
I'm really going to miss Glee when they graduate. It won't be the same.
but I want it =/
for sure, but I'm still waiting for heather. ePrize cracks the whip
like a tissue is a Kleenex.
i cant find the video of you guys on the today show=(
New Music - ;0)
I'm bout making more money than anybody you fuck with
I'm joking alright it wasn't because of her its because scarlet gives new meaning and the name scarlet is fascinating
Always hungry
Awesome night at Highball with mah lady. At Magnolia's now for some drunken eats.
Now's the time when social networks can be used for good. Blown away by Invisible Children; something that needs to go viral
BLINKY BLINK BLINK BLINK BLINK. Wait, were you talking, too, Herman Cain?
Only god can judge me.
Whoo hoo! Congrats! RT : Congrats to ! Just got funded today! Onto Angel #Oregon!
#FREE shipping on your Clear2Go bottles with filters for the holidays! Check out www.Clear2O.com for more details!
That's ok, you just need to keep with it! Try switching up some of your investments, and check out what other WeSeeders are doing.
Don't lie, don't cheat, and don't make promises you can't keep
GAMES OVER!!!
LOL, I've been there before, but just not with !
Attorneys representing #cloud service buyers must ensure subcontractors are required to comply with same contract obligations.
Such a shame that young women are no longer taught the value of a lovely, soft, sultry speaking voice. Do you agree?
haha i feel ya girl!!
Have your tattoos been impulse or planned decisions?
Baskets & Puck plays posed from 105 cappers today and we have 3 consensus with one on the Sabres a road dog and 2 in college
Good morning #Bartab! Happy #ThirstyThursday everyone! We got a special treat in store for you guys today so stay tuned!
Thank u!
ah gotcha. Thanks for the great response as always!
Love her! and you.
“: what state is everyone one from? or if you're out of the U.S. what country? doin a survey! please let me know :)” Florida :)
us need some too
Among teens surveyed in a Harris interactive poll, over half (56%) said they would be interested in viewing mobile ads with incentives.
im sorry. :/ text me right now. & ill text you back.
Can't go back to sleep..went.to bed at 11...i'm gonna need a monster later. :d
Interesting night...
8" wrenches don't fly, 6" wrenches do.
yes, sorry about that
I might start a reality tv show about my use of a pendulum. How many of you would watch me use my pendulum to get answers to questions?
Why would you think my wife wasn't going to tell me
I ain't called or texted my to check on her
RT : Signing the contract for the fifth edition of Management and the Arts! Wowza! <- Folks, applaud this awesomeness, please
Sittin at muh school. Heading home to study...
Oh, boo. I've started buying face products at Natural Grocers.
Would like to quote or use part of your last couple of post re: subsists and toll roads. Can't DM you however.
Jerry. I'd like to meet him. Maybe.
Can someone please tell NSF "cyberinfrastructure" proponents about this? Sigh.
5th & 6th graders learning abt necessity of clean water frm Preparing to make a difference!
Warning: if engaged in a Nerf-based gun battle with , if she runs out of ammo you are still not safe. She WILL chuck the gun at you.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: chances at making it to the playoffs may be slipping
#69Factsaboutme 21. I have two favorite followers.
LOL ik!i was late cuz i was making me a baigel!geesshh!!!witch has a funny storyy to it!
If you want it.. And BELIEVE it is yours.. You CAN have it!!
my brother and his big foot broke my dogs glass plate :-(
OMG seriously, why create work for us?
Got my starbucks
Its about time the summer starts. Crops made it through the flood. Chilis and tomatoes hangin on the vines. Ah
Where can one go to find clean wholesome freaks?!!
Kidney stones are the worst. Groin, from my experience, never heals or goes away. Could be wrong.
Our new facebook url: facebook.com/bestpracticellc
What do you think about the new Beyonce album?
dont be hating
LiteFM: forever playing "Manic Monday" on not-Mondays.
": RT if you joined twitter not thinking you would get addicted, but you did."
i'm totally on board w/the notion that meat & dairy don't offer anything we can't get from plants. it's just the egg thing...
This sounds like one I need Dave to see.
gahhh ill try :p i wish it was an analysis paper and not a research paper >.>
not an anger tweet...but can we get some Ronnie brewer in the rotation and not have boozer shooting 20 ft baseline jumpers???
it doesn't let be follow anyone but once I get on my laptop I'll follow you
CNN and Arabic hw.
I love They're the band I've seen the most. I think I'm up to 8 times?
REST as a way to make sure developers don't have to know the internals of the system. Good idea.
early may sound about right!? (cc: ) “: I think Indy needs to make it into the vagabond rotation.”
Made it to the Indiana/Kentucky border! Time to find some trouble in Louisville before another driving day tomorrow!
That's correct
"Marginal goaltending by Fleury." HAVEN'T HEARD THAT ONE BEFORE!
Any suggestions for best html/css developer extension for Chrome? Seeking something similar to web console for Safari.
Two other friends to follow: (cool event tonight!) and (beer coming very soon!)
sure thing. happy Friday.
Just saw on TV:)
did I miss #restlesscity in DC???
shooting the look book today! is look book two words or one word? lookbook? our computer autocorrects to cookbook....
shows that gets the connection between the #arts & the impact it has on social consciousness & social justice.
Go you!! This is YOUR year and YOUR time to shine! I'm right there with you!
Thanks for the quick response!
Mid-afternoon Shake Break - BTS Shake - Butterfinger, Twix & Snickers Bits, Vanilla Ice Cream.
It's likely my teacher will see right through the bullshit I am writing for this final and I'm 100% okay with it.
I can't help it! RT: Stop stalking me, Dani! ;) RT Fanfarlo at Mr. Smalls
Getting my ribs done sunday ;)
This child refused to allow the surroundings to determine the future.
If you ever need Dancers or Models for your parties and Mixtapes. We have them with our team links on the page
It's packed at #BroadwayBares tonight! Gonna be a great show!
Beating masochism with better, more productive masochism
Picking to watch the movie 50/50 while sick was probably the wrong choice.
"Six on a Thursday night and you be jonesin baby, For a brother to hold you tight and keep on goin"
Rebekah and 's number were officially blocked. You know why.
Exactly. Just make sure you're involved in school/local plays and find classes near you, and you'll be on your way fast :)
Chick so bad she make me wanna do right
Watching game Malaysia vs Japan.
Done Vegas before.. Not a HUGE fan. RT : Planning my 25th.. Got my eye on a cruise.". cruise den Vegas. You godda go big!
- we do! Maybe next week? I'll shoot you a DM.
#ThosePeople that don't keep their word!
really wish that , , ,and would follow back!! :D xoxo love u guys!
Would live to see & up near the front tonight and finish Top10. The did well last night.
BLUE DEVIL
I love southern lit. - Rick Bragg. I'm also a fan of zombie/vampire. Do you have redneck sci-fi? Sorry, I'm a dork.
Can't beat free publicity! RT : Oh for pete's sake tweet photo, stop blabbing my every move. ;-)
I'm good, thanks! Shopping! :D haha how are you? xx
I wish 2morrow was Friday, 4 real so dat weekend can get here
did u get the responce?
my son is so excited too! What will we do when 30-some kids all get simultaneous sugar highs? :)
LOL at the guy filming - assault gonna end up on the web like the Courthouse beatdown
Hey and whats shakin i wish i could meet u guys u both rock love you both so much RT me and follow me
Hi Kelsey, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
why would lip balms have sulfates?
RT : Our very first DUB LIFE Wednesday Come check out the purrrtty girls & sick light/sound show!...
that's why I say.."hm idkkkkk" *smiles* & *runs*
Cardinals! Nice! If you're not a Texas Rangers fan, this was one of the best games you've seen in a long time.
Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.” ― Ram Dass
Grammy Voters- Do consider: The Music of Randy Newman - Vocal Jazz -Field 10, Category 31 ,
Coming to hang! You gonna be around, lady?
These people look so chinky that when they speak perfect English it just takes you by surprise 😳👲
#DontHateOnTheHomos lol. Just saw your & Iwa's convo to me earlier. WE NEED TO BUMP. Tell me when and where and I'll be there.
i hope berlin or london! Cuz if he goes there theres a big chance i can come to! :):) xx
Yeah, what's up with that? First iPads, then online classes...oh yeah, they may not have a job in the future. Hm, works for me.
Memo to James Murdoch: it's never the crime and always the cover-up that comes back to bite you.
hey hope your having a nice day! <3
THE velvet cake, I can't speak of.
What happened? 'Apparent lack of functionality?' Technical issues or otherwise?
The Angels of Transparency are the holders of the heart.
#userfocus OK we need some case study examples of content strategy...
Let's get a discussion going on the #Celtics decision to ride out with their current roster. Thoughts?
Everyone excited and ready to go! off to Catalina Island... back mainland by Tuesday afternoon. P.S. hopefully the win tonight! ;-)
what? oh, uh yeah. what are you doing here? i thought..*rubs forehead* im confused.
Just made plans to go to my first ever game in May... looking forward to it!
Tired of MMA training. Shits got me worn out. BUT IF ANY OF YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WANT SOME...COME GET IT. ILL FIGHT FOR MONEY$$$$
So R. Randle the next ???
I heard punched a Bitch today lmfao
I'm sorry! I love you and I hope work goes well!
I just had a conversation that involved the words "artisanal sausage."
Doctors increasingly recommend #Turmeric for lasting relief from
The best friendships you have hurt hardest when u fight even if its over nothing
Reminder to those CoMo Cauldroners in KC today: use #CCinKC to communicate on here! We'll connect people as much as we can.
In Spongebob Squarepants, how does a crab have a whale as his daughter?
I'm the same way...always lol
Half of me is like...great lets kill the #Cubs...and the other half is like...do we even have starters for the weekend? We should save runs.
I survived just meant I had to spend more time in the bar drinking beer.
go to sleep
Wonderful—when will you submit that? We're working on an updated version of our paper. cc:
Took almost 6 hours to get to #Austin from #Dallas. I'm sick of this #weather! Please say you are too!
I think its sad that is closing, but hopeful that they will have going out of business sales at the local store so I can stock up
I've got some cool boys!
I think I might like him...:)
I know charges a flat rate of $105. That includes tip and everything.
": #Aries motto: "Ready, fire, aim!" It may be backwards, but you'd rather figure out what to do while you are doing it."
Stars aren't born. They're made.
Can't sleep... Someone sing me a lullaby
I think I'm naturally clumsy. I just hit my head on the sliding door lol
Misperceptions in the mind can disturb the excellence of the heart.
Sunday's party was rather wild and yada yada yada I'm finally at the airport after an unscheduled extra day.
Not much else clears your head quite like a morning run.
Doing the Friday Happy Dance
Ugh Mets rainout = taking boys to 3 stooges movie instead
hahah hopefully it will be a tan by tomorrow or the next day(x
God DID make ugly people.
got it. so when are we ditching the pristine subways of #nyc for the trollies of #sanfran?
Beautiful performance from Bruno Mars and Chris Brown
Lol me too!I feel like wanting to sleep forever and never waking up again, cuz then the whole sore throat thing'd start again!
#Just a kiss on the lips in the moonlight
July 8th is seriously going to be the best day of my life..
- your trilobite necklace is getting positive comments at
As my moms tryn to hook me up with this dude because his eyes are 'gorgeous'. Bitch please, i dont mess with your type of people!
Ha! I've decided to be pro-oxidant. #rebel | via
downtown mi aunt took dis pic... the sign said "we need money 4 weed"
Is excited...... new phone, new tv....thank you uncle sam!!!
Hey pal, my wife, and I are looking forward to seeing you again tonight at your show! And thank you ;-)
Get a Service-Sitter from www.reelsimplelife.com to wait for the repairman or delivery at your home so you don’t have to - whew!
you are really amazing(: I've been listing to your EP all day! Can't wait for you to go on tour so I can try to meet you <3
That 70s Show>>>
I come home and more stress on my shoulders why do I count on people?
Do they "make it rain" by throwing money onto the stage? ;)
Y'all tickle me with Friday Eve, lol. Any excuse to celebrate 🍸🍻
You got it dude :) Also, my home needs more lamson artwork.
#YouCuteAndAllBut You Not My Cutest;) Lol
Anxiety dream: accidentally use ~quirky~ slide transitions in my powerpoint presentation. Humiliation ensues.
is that for u and ur family to b safe then yea
haha you already know bro lol
I ask because I'm trying 2 find a legit course I can refer people 2 that doesn't fly in the face of current #diastasis research
I'm a perfectionist. It's a Virgo thing and it's debilitating at times. I see it in my son and it freaks me out.
I wish snotty ass broads would eat their make up. That way they can be beautiful in the inside too.
lol naw cuzin i feel some type of way about that
Woot!! You'll be here before you know it! Any fun plans already set?
that would be hilarious I would never stop watching Disney if they did
YES! Can't wait to root on our girl in the National Champs! <3
Last full week of my Freshman year Woah..
Heck 4.75% was available on Monday morning! But in the past 24 hours, that all changed.
WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR ? ABSOLUTELY NOTHING * Jackie Chan Voice* lol
“We’re going to turn this team around 360 degrees.” –Jason Kidd
young ass women I tell u, how u u get mad cause I asked u to get me sum dutches
S. Murayama: Wordle is not just for pretty graphics - kids can analyze an articles using this tool. Gotta follow up with analysis.
RT : Thank you!!! :) You're Welcome:) Please
survived intense rain all night. at the conference. cramming in sessions.
had so much fun at Botanica today with the fam. It blows my mind that God is so creative with every little detail of everything.
Just hitting the road #MuniKids and
entertainment shave me cam wow cool walpapers talking tom mood finger scan voice changer plus glow draw the moron test burglar alarm
save yourselves! #chipperwitch is at it again. see you next time!
Apparently Petsmart product review considers "crap" profanity. So I’ll say it here! That thing was CRAP!!!
been like this all day.
Most commercial search engines provide a mechanism to determine the number of backlinks they have recorded to a particular web page
Life and Love!
aw we miss you too!
Hello the is holding a workshop on Social Media. Would you be interested in presenting? We r raising $$ for scholarships
It's not offensive, but it's also not funny. It's just poorly written. Between this and Boogie Math, I'm questioning your sanity
RT : Tri-City takes 1-0 lead on Jordan Messier power-play goal at 4:27 after #whawks Chase DeLeo went off for high sticking
RT : blah, anyone want 6k? What is that
Thanks to for allowing me into her classroom to judge her students, er...um, critique their presentations. :-)
Happy Mother's Day to all Mom's.
RT : Can anyone explain how #khanacademy videos are NOT the same as lecturing?
Good luck tonight at the Dutch Academy Awards, !
Happy Fourth of July!!!
#Metro Circulator shuts door on little girl in Georgetown. slow down everyone!
No amount of money can make someone happy in a profession if they don't like it. Many ways to change the world.
I must be the only person in America that didn't watch The Avengers this weekend. I'll see it eventually.
1 in 3? Crazy. Parents think this stuff starts in high school but it is earlier than that.
MAKE A DIFFERENCE!
Started it all? Are you a narrator for an ABC Family commercial?
Just paid $92 to get my cox tv back on
Calling all superheroes! We have a battle between & #TheAmazingSpiderman. Which superhero will reign supreme?
great show today, probably the best so far!
Rolling Stones' EXILE sessions to be turned into film - Very Aware
I miss the food in Italy SO much.
oh wow! I'm pale because of the German I think. I'm also Italian, but I didn't get the skin tone of an Italian.
Hope everyone had an awesome little 500 weekend, though! Keep an eye out for some dead week specials over the next few days :)
lol mahomies need to wake up.
thank you
just got done listenin to my insparation to by a rapper, he is so beast, no HOMO, drizzy drake!!!
Totally Agree Michele, Pandora's main hurdle is showing that it is as locally relevant to marketers as AM/FM radio. Nice Step
everyone go to fucking bed!!!
Hey everyone thanks for being so patient with us big things coming up stay tuned !!!
There's a Country Legends station in Houston. W.countrylegends971.com :)
I so can't wait for chicago bears training camp. I'm so excited!!!!!
Yes!! U have had that one for a very very long time something new would be cool!!
sorry for my lack of tweeting today. I will be better tomorrow!
are you ready for a night of drunken debauchery and celebration of your life? We gonna have us some
I'm stalking you.
How to best realize the game and heightening pattern effectively!
This convo you having right now<<<.
go Timbers! #CincoDeMayhem!
i'd rather them win the central every year instead of Shitroit
sorry we missed you - we are not open on the weekends for drop-ins. Hope you swing by another time to check the space out.
=) I hope the rehearsal is going good!
Follow me for my bday-july 24
The paper or the ADD goes away? ...oh shiny...
Hi Matt! I work for the Wikimedia Foundation, actually : ). I can help you with an image. Follow & DM me?
Another great night at Ivy Lounge ! Thanks for that fantastic set last night! It was wild !
congrats on the $1M grant for nonprofits! Glad to see the program on Twitter and LinkedIn too
um yes. I guess lol. Hit me with details. Miss u xoxo
Flyers, you wont be missed
Proud of my Sixers... That last 3 was too nice! My house is loud AF right now lmao
thx for the follow!!
Agree. The true people's champ! And i can't say enough about that mullet!
dr dan
Happy mothers day!:)
Last wknd to see Romeo and Juliet at PCPA Theatrefest. Weather's going to be great for a road trip.
Cooking marathon: cheeseburgers and broccoli slaw for lunch, roasted pepper and olive salad, 2 roasted chickens for shredded meat and soup!
thanks for the follow colin..add us in your tweet and we'll RT
Did you know we have a show soon? A Classic Christmas w/ Shoreline Drive, The Classic Crime & more...
Q6 Yes! We raised awareness through education, shared healthy recipes, & made a donation :)
Full House. Uncle Jessie trumps everything.
Most amazing event ever! Tons of people, red carpet, chicago media! Hope they love her like i do!
I'm really just fleeing the country so I can avoid paying you that beer...
WHAT HAPPENS AT PINK, STAYS AT PINK!!!
My son is wearing my husband out at home...and I'm loving every minute of it!! LOL
When you forget your hashtag <<<
Holiday Open House at located in Southridge Mall Saturday noon-4! Benefits homeless animals!
How was the weekend?
": ": I have the honor of cooking with TUESDAY morning ! Set your DVR !
celebrating my birthday in Florida<3 love it here!
lol aren't you in school anyways? So better if it doesn't rain
I was thinking about how to find iTunes 10 before it's on Software Update. Flashed on using Apple's FTP site. Then remembered it's not 1996.
I certainly WILL because if the Romney freak reaches that pointed castle in DC I'm moving to Costa Rica!
♥♥YES!!!!! I made my first yellow tower! XD Now I shall leave Tower Bloxx and play another game... Which one? Idk yet :-)♥♥
umm, i think it's definitely a donkey. you should see everyone driving by slowly to check out that ass.
Good luck, I hope you get it! Thanks again!
Thats the only way the Heat will the championship this year
"I can't walk outside.." aaaahhahahaa
I haven't heard from u forever
I do believe our first indie feature goes into production Summer 2011 in hopes to finish in time for the 2012 festival circuit. Let's hope!
Don't worry, your mock bravado & constant assertion of your heterosexuality definitely won't make me think you like guys. Grow the hell up.
i figured u would :) i meant that
Thanks for retweeting
shyt my vday ending on a u know what f.... u note!
ok I'm free and ready
I'm Blunt. I Speak My Mind, Keep It 100 With Myself & Those Very Few People I Keep Close Around Me
Ryan Zimmerman has new contract. Hope he stays healthy. Season starts soon.
lls!!! They Not For Me!
Call me maybe . <3
If your presence doesn't add value to someones life, your absence will make no difference!
do you really?😏
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ..
Made me flip the channel. Nasty! RT : What in earth are #RBNY wearing? Kit man bring the wrong shorts?
I don't know if this is really your thing, but did you read the scathing review of NM Tourism ads in the #Alibi today? Page 12.
I hoped advocacy & awareness & evidence presented to NYPD over the past year would have made a difference. But things got much worse.
I guess were good then. I'd say this concludes the wrlds frst tweet-org'd kiddie sleepover. Nice!
when it doubt, use more emoticons.
Broken hearted:-(
they are not sad for themselves,&as a bonus,they are sad for you
"We focus all our energy on things that bring us down; let's put our voices all together, make a joyful sound."
you're welcome!
Dumb dog jumped up with his paws on the counter and ate my pizza .
I caved in and went to class. Finished everything within an hour :)
It is a Dream of Mine To just even get to work with Tyler perry he is an inspiration to me. I want to be my own version of him, Inspired.
Oh, yeh; there's something in the water in Virginia that leads to tech innovation in higher education.
Eventually, the NFL will take the Saints' Super Bowl Championship from 2010 and give the trophy to its rightful owners: The
Life expectancy gains worth $3.2 trillion annually
Ha my classmates think I'm crazy
That's always a good sign. What changes did your 'new idea' bring to the course?
Every Morning this Bitch tries to start something W/ someone. -__-
quotes from #libraryschool "paperbacks are just notepads, paper with glue holding them together"
you think you're a dad but you're not.
:P mage Non Alcoholic Blender Drink Recipes
You know you're a piece of shit when people refer to you as "the tan mom."
France is fabulous.......Miriam Sarbac from the Asperger Amitie Wall has done so much for the Aspie children of France. A GREAT MOM!!!
Gina, I like your frankness
When someone you're talking to compares you to someone else...like no, this isn't a competition.
I know. He's so patient waiting for his morning java aka biscuits that the coffee lady gives him.
bwahahaha! are you on ?
because I suck at keeping up with my twitter. ):
I am great and you? did you see my jewelry for ISF?
8 minutes to #sharktank. Best show of the week.
I'm in the mood for some wine...I never drink wine!
I.want.October.NOW.
sorry bout your finger but that view you have is excellente!
i love you austin!!! your amazing im a proud mahomie!!
Night # 2 of my Birthday Bash is at Dirty!!! See you all there! :-)
See you at 5!
could use Criteria Checklist from CHIN's Collections Management Software Review - its outdated but something like that . . .
Music is my escape
do you ever have problems with breathing and chest pains? like sharp pains?
lol I don't think I have any pics of me mayb just me and my dog lol
Do you think its because were near DC? or bc large campuses have dealt with shootings recently?
Student stabbed by another student at Cesar Chavez Charter School. More information shortly on www.krqe.com.
Sorry for the unfollow my friend but no follow back.
Thanks to everyone who bought our album this past month! Bc of your generosity, we donated $278 to Save the Children's efforts in Haiti.
5omething'5 wrong with the crawler on the
I have what I think is an old play of yours...Mae & Her Stories. I'd like to ask you about doing a reading of it.
Meetings just aren't the same without and ! But we're about to adjourn :)
RT : "Without an understanding of this history, you live in a fantasy"
right back at you both. :)
2012 looking bleak again, another opportunity slowly slipping away, can't believe this is happening
Goodnight rain, goodnight kittens, goodnight yesterday, and hello a new dawn tomorrow.
the cheapest is like 30 :)
"all I really want is to be happy, and to find a love that's mine it would be so sweet" Be Happy by Mart J Blige ❤
Should I be concerned that my son asked me if we can stay up and wait for Santa so we can rob him?
Got a story that's Pudding-Worthy? Shoot us a news tip
last weekend I ran a 5k in 25:01. Not bad but I've got more speed, I know.
Thank you. We're checking in with our customer service department and will get back to you soon!
DONT WRITE ME FUCKIN BITCH PEOPLE!!!!!!..
HoHoHo Merry Christmas I talked to Santa he told me that ZUZU was his place to eat when traveling through.Always missing food on the 26th.
#FREEKBOT Feb 11th with Special Guest Razor Sharp and #Firecat451!!
Prom tomorrow!
The only thing that would have made the Caps victory over Boston better is if Obama scored the game winner
Take 5 minutes a day to write down what you’ve eaten for the day and your feelings with what you did eat. Recognize unhealthy patterns...
AWESOME .net developer needed in houston. .net ans sql experience
Out for dinner soon with him and mama Jay
I'm glad I don't get stupid game request on twitter.
If you don't have plans this weekend, seriously consider Cocktails-4-Canines this weekend! Booze, cupcakes, good cause...duh!
Bottom line When Barrons prints in its cover "Buy Oil" Short as fast as you can for a cinch trade...
So pumped for Wheels-n-Meals (12400 SW 152 st) Thursday 5:30-11pm! Bring your bike, car, boat, whatever & enjoy the show & food!
You's were bound to win man! Yass are class!
Ha! We keep it real. RT : thanks for having us! $25/year is too lil for membership considering all u do. Justsayin.
bro relax!
Thank you! Xoxo!!!
I don't think I want to find out.
Str8 mortals - you may get tonite. But Every day IS Otterween - for your information. Mwah hah hah!!!!
Go team Chi-Town! RT Listening to the Chicago fellows talk about their #Open311 project.
i want a baby brother or sister... i dont like being the last born kinda suks :(
Well how's that for the nicest thing anyone's ever said? Looking forward to #cwcon!
lol [This is priceless]...bet you'll get a photography reply.
Please pray for the Knowltons again. They lost their Grandfather right after they lost Krystle. Thx
Gave a 100th TNLP Podcast shoutout to and And thank you all for this. We couldn't do without you twitterland.
Think positive.
See what?
I haven't been tweeting much recently, I've been extremely busy.
Choir concert. :)
would you be interested in some cross promotion? or having a semi final dance contest at your establishment?
Hot sauce on tuna tastes amazing
I wish I were musically talented.
eats my dry cinnamon mini squares
Kevin Gregg is not even the closer anymore and he gets booed.
Bridgewater Ridge Hockey Broadcast 830pm baby for MSG Varsity!!! Ill let all you optimum subscribers know when it reairs.
At the CRS Implementing Social Media into Real Estate & Everyday Life Conference in Richmond, VA!
see the 3 be the 3
RT : Life in the Democratic Congress: Another Day, Another Bailout.> I think its American's fault b/c they keep send ths thugs $
RT : When speaking with someone in-person or in a meeting, people know when you’re trying to sneak a peek at your phone.
- Welcome! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Tonya will forever have my respect after the night she has had. -Jesse-
love ya too!
RT if you wish you could be Romo , snuggle up with aus10 every night get kisses from him all the time. sit on his lap and get stroked by him
you go to the gym, I'll go to bed
Thanks to & I'm about to crack the cover on Angels of the Deep by - let the adventure begin!
Required reading: MARS by Fumiko Soryo. A brilliant example of excellence within genre.
that is because there is nothing better than hoodies :)
I don't think she ment it like that aha.. i really hope not.
Adding this to my book list :) RT The Lifeboat: A Novel
Nice, that series looked good. I see Portland trip coming soon.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
Last week was 'interesting'. Time for a mid-year fresh start.
you know Ben would be the first one to throw some fades ha
What interview?!? They only have
Craigs list puppy > craigs list kitty
Beautiful morning in Balboa Park, complete with a delicious cappuccino from Daniel's. Excellent way to start a Friday.
's Christmas song had me totally in stitches! Love
I have a vid on my phone of that laser show. GAH.
just had a great meeting with 16 Univ of Oregon students on alternative spring break in DC to learn more about
blah ... more clinics tonight ...
Me love me some Target
yes...I got that. Please feel free to explain more obvious things to me.
Oh and it's Friday the 13th... This doesn't bode well
I got the top of following.
So tired, ready to go homee!!
That mother fucker!!
enjoying the last of our 2005 H3 Cab tonight! Tastes wonderful.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Kids can complete their public school online these days and both parents can monitor their progress online.
that awkward moment when u realize ur textin the wrong person ha xD
#Shoutout to my new followers , hmu for a follow back .
Our new song will be up on Myspace and Facebook around 12 ! Be sure to check it out and let us know what you think!
I have heard stories about Patterson co-writer contracts that stipulate font size for their names.
i would get so much more sleep if gossip girl wasn't so addicting
somewhat true
thanks for the love:)
Watched "A Christmas Story" on Netflix last night and had sweet sleep. ;-)
Are you interested in a collaboration with one of the artists that I represent?
Kevin Durant will easily win the MVP this year no question about it
well ur on ur brothers ipod right? if he has it set up it will say what his is connected by
Re-tweets are sweet! And sugar-free!
i might just pop out at you! :)
congrats Kevin! Making Wisco extremely proud!
Bright pink deer are surprisingly funny looking.
next social strategy for - influencers.
Also, letting me keep my current one until the one new one arrives.
How long has Scrambler Marie's been there? Gone yet?
When yells at me, #coffeebaby mimics her. I hope this new baby is a boy that's on my side.
I have way too much stuff #thisisbad!
I cannot recall ever getting to a Brewer game early enough to see the opening pitch.
Captain Jack Sparrow
Holy hops, Batman! just posted our review on their Facebook page. Thanks!
Had a great time meeting
Thank you.
Your Cute (;
Saw a tweet from Tonya that said they were functioning with a backup generator.
Do i "always" have to be correct? OR can i be a human being and make an error?? I vote error. It keeps me normal.
I hadn't thought about doing a line, but I should. What would your ideal sympathy card look like?
My job reminds me a lot of detention...but worse, because i can't sleep -__-
Why can't everyone just get along? The world would be so peaceful!
hey man :) thanks so much! It didn't make it into my inbox though, try emailing ... thanks again!
My question now is whether or not I should read the next 3 (?) novels or if I should move on to more Miéville.
Ukrainian and Russian Beliebers love you too so much Justin,you don't visited our countrys and you don't gave concerts...
I can't wait to try it!
Getting ready to try and speak not stupidly like on "Local Food and Local Wine and Why They Don't Like Eachother" panel at #DLW conference
Eating some kind of pizza.
