Update SD on your specials &post location-based classified listings on our free app! We can show you tomorrow at 57Degrees
great day for it! Wonderful riding with you! Thanks!
I love those tweets too!
So true
I don't see how people could spend over 50 dollars in a gas station
Honored to speak at 's conference yesterday. Kris Perry and Molly Munger are making a real difference for young kids in California!
Alright then lets go then!:)
so what does get through?
where's my bowl of soup? lol that looks so yummy!
Oh, I offend you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I kept to myself.
I'm such a faggot for yolo
so regretting opening this!
Man it sucks being the ugly friend. :(
Hey! Saw that you guys are hiring for a CTO. I love to help you out. Looking for someone with Nosql experience is tough.
Your Vet will also advise you on the dental care that can be performed at home every day.
Its a lay-in-bed-naked-with-Chocolate Pudding-kinda-day-eh?
i will not :) like we could hangout sunday or somfinn cause we have no school monday!
Authority - Give authority to some people and they grow; give it to others and they swell.
Killed That OVA ....OMS.!
You're in Corona, right? Have you seen any SD County teams play yet?
all these blessings to you too!!
That is a fantastic idea! You rock!
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
me too n I'm a Scorpio
Author or artist? "Beyond Words: The Writer's Art" showcases visual art famous writers, in the Special Collections Library
I have one :) how many times has your boyfriend checked up on you since we've started fighting? Have you moved a room?
Reynolds: If we do come up with a agreed-on happiness measure, what next?
my bestfriend is so beautiful!
RT : . has put out two tweets on the report of shots fired, plus suspect description
thanks mister!
Let the wild rumpus start! :D Haha, no, no, I would drive you to the ER in a heartbeat, no pun intended!
Dear asshole parents , take your children off leashes they're not animals
Thanks for the mention! RT : Have you ever wanted to use your phone to open your door - call us for
Lol.... I can't help it. #IChaseMoney not bitches & hoes..
I want to become tear jerkin country singer. I have a midterm but I'm just listening to Taylor swift
I just yelled.
but you are so correct? Why is homeland and USDA buying all this ammo? Overthrowing the government?
great info on gas prices....where can I find out more about Ed Wallace.
To Live Doesn't Mean You're ALIVE
My boyfriend understand and listens my feelings (: , I love that .
thank you all for this new found knowledge that avocado is a fruit...i didn't know either.. hahaha
It's blackout night at the local bath house. Thinking about hitting it up. I need a good fucking.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites! Come Follow us
they're penguins.
I'm not a sports fan but it will be interesting to see how this plays out.
Taking notes is so boring . I rather just practice practice & practice until I get it right 
I'll chant unlimited blade works for you next time on chat. :3
bossman is watching some video with RIDICULOUS canned background music. swear to god, it's a concertina.
Roommate fantasizin bout girls right now ! LMAO !
RT Tonight we partying for #MCA #BeastieBoys You gotta fight for your right to party !
Thanks, but not at the moment.
When are you playing at Blu?
Do you prefer whole bean or drip grind?
i think so
Reading Pema Chodron's When Things Fall Apart.
HEALTH CARE AND MENOPAUSE - The Cypress Times
yea me i just sign up this morning and i have 3 followers already yea me
Listening to present at ASTD 2012 on social media for trainers, and easily winning my nomination for most engaging speaker!
: this is truly sad.
I think Steve Kerr likes the Warriors...... A lot!!!
So we're setting up our email and website right now. We'll keep you posted.
Retweeting for days.
strong spring storms are nice though.....it smells so god outside now!!!!!
Oh. This second beer takes me to -1 Weight Watchers weekly points for the week. The week ends Sunday. WTG me!
arvo2010: Comparison of Photopic and Mesopic Visual Function in Early Dry AMD Patients and Healthy Controls - Sunita Saigal, May 2, A307
follow us on Twitter. We are in you new York network!
<3 tweet deck
Its not Ryan for sure
honestly, i don't believe that my heart would have held together.
Ah we are going to read Romeo & Juliet for 2 hours. Noo >__< I rather play and run in PE instead of Reading for 2hrs. Right ?
Thanks for RT ing!!
Thank you Carillo Family for your kind thank you letter. We are happy to make your house beautiful with your new Stucco!
We send our love out to Tiki The Dragon and her owners tonight.
But you won't jump.
Happy mothers day. Especially to the bitch who gave birth to my son Paisley wherever you are. Hope you get your butt sniffed today!!
yes ma'am! i'm on Youtube :) but i'm not popular on their lol.
Trying to convince myself I'm not sleepy.
Holidays are here. Working with the elves on Christmas programs. Come see. Our best from FCS.
I can post it or if u DM ur email address I'll send it to ya!
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless
CARE OF ME. GIDEON AS A GATE KEEPER, AND MICHAEL IS A WARRIOR, HE SLAYS THE DEMONS ALL THE TIME. THAT IS MICHAELS CALLING.
awoken from a nice nap by one of the worst dog farts ever
Up early listening to , getting pumped for my four day weekend!!! Still trying to win something lowkey, lol
amazing time at #PortfolioReviews! damn i love NYC!
At times when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them fast, and get on with enhancing your other innovations.
“: the death penalty is barbaric and outdated.” Totally agree. Leave them in prison if the crime justifies it.
Lots of great volunteers in our office today to help prepare a mailing. So great to have our office hustling and bustling again!
Tough times for Turks on border with Syria - The Guardian
been good just busy with work and trying to find a better one is hard
Thanks for bringing this to our attention. Has something been going wrong with the connection? Which location? Thanks!
i have to wait 54 days till i can get #believe ... THIS SUCKS :( thats 20 days after it comes out
RT : Heading to Cleveland today for conference on bus rapid transit.
call it a nite, What a game Kobe played. nite folks. aint no time waste-sleep is precious.
I've been meaning to listen to Starlito here lately
Haha! I will miss you, my late night deck party partner :)
Thanks! Hope you can make it tomorrow, and we'll see (or rather tweet) you Wednesday!
Wow #JaneSeymour looks amazing on
Great Horse jumping competitions at South Point Casino, free admission, if your in Vegas you should check it out! It's a lot of fun!
Not really. You already knew that outcome. And it lasted all of 3 minutes.
don't mess around, go see a doctor
"A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water." -Eleanor Roosevelt
apparently its Worst than Bitch hah
thanks so much for the mention!
Q2 I taught a student how to use the databases. Next time he came, he said he wanted to do it himself. Body language said success.
Love me some Praise Chorus. Thnx ( )
Did it hurt?..... when you fell from the whore tree, and banged every guy on the way down?
"I've seen her standing in the yard, she's barefoot in her cutoff jeans. Planting flowers so the house can sell, and pulling up weeds."
when r u home from sin city.
Video shoot was perfect, thanks to everybody who came out to support.. . Lil Meta ft. Schife - Whole Package
just got back home, checking it out now brotha!
welcome to the family!
"I've gotta remember, never get out of the boat."
following the Gogol didn't help
people need to chill!(: do hate, appreciate ;D haha
Send C.O.D. and I'll hang it over my mantelpiece.
on KBEACH global radio Weds 11am-12pm PST Stay tuned for DJ Mikey at noon!
All but dissertation. Finish my last core class on Monday, hope to have proposal done in 2-3 weeks.
Run of the Mill Theater is now on Twitter! Hello fellow Bawlmer twits!!!
I don't deserve to be treated like this.
ONE RUN GAME! 7-6 Cardinals!
#WhatIveLearned ; Not To Runaway From My Problems
so he says i'm f-ing a Brandon. So I need only Brandon's to call me
Went and watched October Baby tonight. SO good. I love any movie/show John Schneider is in.
if you were a girl, you'd understand
really excited about this 1, was the 1 talk my team UNANIMOUSLY voted that I needed to attend on their behalf
Dating in the Dark is my new favorite tv show.
And we're back. They're also playing People's Court at the bar I'm at - so I'm a little distracted.
what??? Hahaha...your secret is safe with us. The rest of the twitterverse, well, I'm not so sure.
A kiss in the rain would be nice. :D
Everybody lies, but it doesn’t matter since nobody listens.
This whole not eating thing is really old.
Why in the he'll is tooth pain the worse kind of pain, been trying to avoid the f$& dentist, but I'm loosing the battle...
#checking out intentional 50s retro themed diner in UKV.
VERY insightful and inlightening. Wonderful piece, Chris!
We got your app, Darcy! So excited to have you! We'll be in touch! Hurrah!
Txt me im ao bored
I wish I had more skills. You know, like nunchuku skills, bow hunting skills, computer hacking skills...
nothing a lot of Pisco sours cant solve
don't worry - at least your situation is honest. people at startups have them .. but not really.
"Pride only hurts. It never helps."
Calling all student-radio peeps out there: who is making science-related podcasts, or doing independent in-depth reporting?
: We needed a new ILS. asked "how hard can it be?" Famous last words...
Please don't judge Reds fans by the rude tweets you received last night. They don't speak for Reds country!
Thanks to all of the speakers at
AND follow/like these sweet bands!
Creeper in target that's been following me stops me to say " great boots, very sexy"... Men are so gross, gag me...
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. You are the Hero you have been waiting for.
RT Don't forget Cadillac Flambé tonight. They should start around 9:30p. Should go well with a Stone Smoked Porter.
In 1871, Dr. J. W. Carhart, professor of physics at Wisconsin State University, and the J. I. Case Company built a working steam car.
Framing thoughts around an AI cuz it crystallizes them. really just exploring the emergence of strategy in games.
Yes, Twircles. Although I think Twillist has a certain ring to it too. :-) I won't be there, but I look forward to seeing it
It figures the ONE TIME I don't mail in my taxes via registered mail, that my check gets lost. Awesome.
that's what my mom calls me. Jamester the Hamster
ooh what is it?!
K, whatever then, I tried. Not gonna give my 100% if you won't. It takes two people to solve a problem like this and I'm not
Member Appreciation Day begins at 9. All DC throught Tier 2 flowers are discounted!!
it's all for you (;
No one guessed 79 in #GuessAnumber! 2 closest Tweeps were and They each get a free 7" cheesecake! THX for playing!
Just got twitter spam from an "expert" who can help me "get tons and tons of twitter followers!!!" . . . he had four followers.
Yes, super yay! And weirdly, Burke showed up to the party even when we didn't explicitly invite him
Dear Hasbro. Please send a representative to my office to receive a punch to the neck. Thank you.
the cone of shame! Haha
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeeeaahhh
I wrote a song called BEEF FRENZY that might work.
Another thing I learned from about Indian culture - "arranged marriage is like the original form of networking with strong ties"
; had a good day <3 babysittin' tonight, church with Ashton tomorrow, then stayin' the night; shopping Monday <3 my kinda weekend (:
radical mix
She wanna love me long time the korean massage lady that is lol
RT : What's most important in keeping teachers in their jobs?
on 810 WHB for the call. ESPN for the moving picture box.
“: "I'm Jefferson Smith, and I might still be running for mayor!" #pdxvotes”
Ok I'm convinced. Going to see #Redtails tomorrow.
11 couples i know have gotten engaged within four months.
not looking to pay rape
who is the Jerry West of the MLB logo
Expert Marble Cleaning & Polishing. Satisfaction Guaranteed! Call Us
I hold it that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.
Smile... Don't smile!
New complex medical product:sales force training typically one-shot event; leads to sub-optimal sales effectiveness ramp-up, lost $
"Let your mind wander" great article
Excited to see San Diego to come together in September to show support 4 the incredible work Amor does!
Jacob Dowling: Truth is.... I need a spanish english dictionary to read most of my friends posts
#FirstEdition asks "Did u hear the one about the #naked guy @ #PDX "? If you haven't - you will next w/
Wake Up In Your Makeup mentors over 5000 technicians all over the world. We are passionate about what we do!
Sex sex sex....do I have your attention, good cuz I was jus bullshittin
wish you the best bro, I know the feeling
"Our Greatest Year," good laughs fr Robert Attenweiler and Scott Henkle, both grads of last show 8 Sat
btw I didn't know there was a contest to be won.
Now I'm sleepy and am about to climb into bed. Goodnight xo
The freshmen at Wendy's piss me off so much lmfao
- I've been using the same email address the entire time I've been on HootSuite - now my email address doesn't exist? Help?
Watching blood and bone on Netflix and it still looks like I am watching a copy of a bootleg
you inspire me!
Option 1, definitely :)
Thx, having a ball so far.
the fun level is at an all time high. :-)
I guess I am doing all the wrong things in building a true business . Anyone out there that can help . Who has made real money ?
How t/f did i trip up stairs.?!
that's my $$Gl$$ jam though
Good night! Each day I learn something new about myself! Love life!! :)
"Expiring for love is beautiful but stupid."
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 29
Is the difference between challenge-based learning and project-based learning just semantics?
Yep I remember sitting at the desk setting up scene thinking "this Warden got the good stuff"
Think I'm becoming nocturnal
so it seems.
Ey, thanks, girl! That was nice of you to say! Be releasing new tracks soon!!
I actually like doing the back-end web stuff. I'm a weird hybrid: major content writer and coder. I like being a writer better :)
I was honestly surprised at how much of a difference my low dosage has made for me. Still get sad/depressed, but not extreme.
SHUT UP DAJUAN....FOOD IS GOOD!
All Ih Do IS THINK OF YHU , DAY & 'nd Night (:
Chocolate pudding - a food of diabetes and a friend of my chocolate craving. D.I.P. (Digest In Peace)
Your sense of humor is one of the many reasons why we miss you around here already.
#FF Stream our debut EP on facebook+myspace!
Thank you! I hope so too!
and I am a HUGE fan so we will meet in the middle! ;) hope you get your 1,000 followers!
We are working on providing free wifi for travelers. Stay tuned for updates later this year.
Tahoe Rim Trail. If only my colleagues would suck it up and get out of the office.
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOLKS!!! WE BOUT TO GET REAK CRUNK!!! TIME FOR SOME DRINKS!! U READY?
lol yeah, I just got a blister but its pretty much gone now.
Man Accused of Stabbing Victim in Eyes with an Antenna and Knife - :: Cincinnati news story :: Man-Accused-of-Stabbing-Victim-in-Eyes
Miami weather is fantastic...now that I am thawed out! Now on to that next 2005 Barossa Shiraz that I have become so fond of!
On life dat shit stay on repeat
The contest corresponds with Toronto Indy race weekend and is running from July 5 through July 10
Uhh haven't watched greys anatomy in years...forced to watch the finale... WTF!!!!!! Talk about intense!
RT RT The weekend is here, time for DJs to shine & wannabes to whine & that is the Gospel
All Leiningen fires have been extinguished. Github code always beats macports.
Checking out some tapas & specialty drinks at Bossa Nova for a late saturday dinner. Excited, but I feel out of my element a bit lol.
Insomnia? Really? No sleep on the last day I have to write a final? FML.
Ventured into NMHN today & had a blast. I forgot how awesome it is. Diamonds, mummies, and live butterflies all in one museum. Love it!
Lusztig on maternal education films #orphans8 how to give birth, raise children.. From 20s to early 80s The Motherhood Archives.
Football starts next week... Came back to soon
thanks. thank you. I'm just a garden variety guy trying to suit up and show up each day. The rest is out of my hands. :)
What kind of events would you like to see at The Paper Box?
I don't think there's a way to do that as part of the plugin -- might be possible to hack it.
You and me both. It's like KC is getting part of it's motor back. Just need Sal back to be complete again.
he is such an asshole!
lol ha ha, so u guysg had me on anything today?
Awful visual. Effective, though, I guess?
nigga, get online :D
Stop rigging the deck!
rare occasion I get to watch TPIR but enjoying all the #Browns action ! Drew rocks.
Happy Valentines Day!
Thank u for including in this delicious list of dairy-free foods!
I love sweet potato fries with horseradish sauce
Yes - Traffic Manager - read the description! :-)
Amen! Their kid lives are being taken away. They need to enjoy these years...
lol jk im just really bitchy right now.
You can't force something that's not there...
I suppose you now realize how much of a bitch you really are. You let tinkerbell punk your coward ass.
BELIEBERS! Follow they follow back & have amazing tweets (: ♥ GO.
A good 10 years after my first attempt, I still have no clue how to walk in high heels.
Reno is such a strange strange city. I'm having a bit of culture shock!
It's going down Mon 10/10 at Cathouse. Can you come do the running man?
Hey & other movie music folks: Was ANY new music written for Batman & Robin? It all sounds like tracks repurposed from Forever.
Watermelon is the ice cream of angels.
playing mw3 in the same room with two tvs omg
Awww sweet pic of you and your girls have a very happy new year!!
Appreciate you taking time out to help us make it better at the Harvest Dinner!
" PIMP STANCE "
#FF shout out to #TCDisrupt Battlefield finalists: and winner
thanks for the follow Robin!
Gary broke one of my Texas wine country glasses and I loved to Texas to replace it. Steve's getting off easy!
Dinner:eggs,toast, & my BurnT BACON o_O
Christmas shopping with my mom....
I fuck with girls wearing blue jeans with white stitching. I don't fuck with girls wearing loose fitting shirts that resemble lamp shades
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear , happy birthday to you! (and many more!)
Googling old friends, only to find that one "lost her battle with depression" in 2005 at the age of 29.
yeah, ricour says marx, nietzsche and freud
It's a pitchers dual in Colorado!! Hahaha...always love my Giants!!
I got some joints!!!
My 3 yr old created a new word to describe something that happened a few days ago #lasterday- what words do your kids come up with?
How is everyone this Tuesday?
good ima check yo fat ass too!
ill have you know I changed my own head light bulb by myself...
Thx! I think so, 2! I'm studying Holocaust Studies, but tend 2 get mixed reactions as far as people interested in the subject
The Black Keys AND Sleigh Bells Dec 7th at the Crystal. Wowzers.
Thanks for the giveaway! There were so many entries I didn't think I'd win. Many games to go play 'cause of this Steam sale...
Nerve racking.
I actually might have a party this year for my birthday lol. the planning so far isn't bad
We are going to be an official entity soon, registered with ASCAP, etc. It's getting real over here.
I know hunz :)
The awkward moment when your crush asks you who you like.
I <3 you more than flannel.
you better do it then!
" Allow yourself to be inspired. Allow yourself to succeed. Dare to excel. "
With all the nitpicking about LeBron's "finishing" this past year, he was still the best player in the league by a wide margin.
Tune in to WVEC 13 News at 5 for story about the Autism program at EVMS and how its making a difference for patients like Travis Meeks!
lie down with me, my dear, lie down under stormy night, tell nobody
Anyone have suggestions for #android tablet ideally with ice cream sandwich.
sometimes i just wanna say fuck it!!!
Too bad we didn't get the shut out but the D was quite impressive today.
Marcia Brady is 54 today? That's depressing.
Modified sudden death overtime totally sucks!
Officially registered for 5K in Cleveland. Suppose I should start running?
This fat kid is so cracked out
Cash money brother's
Now THAT is funny :) “: We won't believe unless we see pictures of you dancing on your desk ;)”
That he is. I wish all dogs had the like you and Brink lead.
yeah man i got the same number
This week is starting out good.
“: As cool as "trick frisbee shots" sound, they are never worth watching”
Or fear of being late. Ha!
#WeLoveNiall because it's May 16..
Never take a good thing for granted
Aint nothing wrong with strippin to me , in my Eyes . All you doing is dancing & making money ..
5 c's: communication, creativity, character, critical thinking, collaboration
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men
I am Hebron Sweeties
i hope Terrence is ok, I dont know if we can win this game without him
RT : Merrill Hoge says "sticking your kid on a couch with a donut and an Xbox" = more dangerous than letting them play football
People who break bro code with me < GO THE FUCK HOME.
Q: role of fear in teaching! J has two scary stories she tells.
Romeo and Juliet <3
Buuuuuuuuub:):)! Hey you:)! When am I gonna see you and June again:(?
In ebook record the interesting 500 note: "includes internet access." Really? Internet access comes with the ebook? Intrigued. Skeptical.
I'm pretty sure I was in #beastmode today when I was working out
Tomorrow is def gonna be a long day!
Talked to the same customer 6 times this morning.Then,his son decided to call me and discuss the same issues with me this afternoon. Why me?
@ 500 startups for demo day tonight
#WhyYouMadThough he never liked you in the first place and you knew it?
I want a boyfriend named Johnny !
Suggestion – Third, Share something funny that one of the participants said to you and call them by name to make a greater connection.
RIP Al Davis a true football legend
ahh I MUST go see it! Many people have said the same thing! It must be good if it topped the box office @ $200 mill!!
The other thing is he sees ReRAM as replacing both NAND and DRAM over time. He sees it going into DIMMs....
Last home game tonight for the Yeah.
There's a pun in there somewhere.
Bullys at work, not to different from bullys at school, except as an adult we are better equipped to stand up and turn the tables
Love the holidays at ! So lucky to have all the Disney magic down the street from us at Colony Park!
what is monkey bread?
nifty! i def get a Fred Astaire vibe :)
Coupons are not just for groceries anymore
makin dinner and then gonna go get a outfit for tonight... Hope its a good night! Happy birthday Maria =]
Yayyyyy...hopefully I can dance the routine...RT : dancin time!! 615 n 730 here we go!
I think there's a certain upbringing that's lost today… it's a shame. Then again, I fail at eating with a fork all the time. :)
sad that there are no famous people on my flight to Los Angeles--nah, not really. I'm okay hanging out with the masses.
I got high today. Now I'm bout to take it low. Lmao
Ugh. So scared.
EVERYONE LOVES A FOVE BAGGER PLUS$$$$ WE GOT ONE COMING TOMORROW AT 3PM EST~RUN HARD, CONSOLIDATE AND SUSTAIN~GET READY WED 3PM EST$$$$$$$$$
Jesus is my worldview.
ok I understand young grasshopper
Nicely done last night BET awards
I added u
oh sorry! I guess I haven't been too tuned into FB or twitter lately. But cool! Sounds awesome! :)
Potty break now back to sleep
on a side note, cap'n crunch is amazing
We would love for our mammoth guest to share there great experiences from mammoth with all our friends on facebook!
lmao! take it you dont like him then? :)
they are slippery and unsubstantial. He's a fully formed blowhard, much easier to kick and less sympathetic
No problem, Damon!
COKE or SPRITE
i need to take a nap, and by nap i mean go into a coma for 10-12 hours.
...the only way to tear him out from inside. I know he wants me, I can feel his fire, but if I die he can't hurt me anymore."
awe get better
thanks girl! We need to take pics so I can put them on your letter :)
someone talk to me im board at work
Our Winter Menu is up. Celebrate this first day of December with a White Christmas, Snickerdoodle, or an Andies Mint Hot Chocolate! yum.
Yes! RT : Girlfriends afternoon high 5's Hope its a good day
HAHAHAHA How did I miss this?!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you must be broke with how you never wear clothes in any of your pictures .
Come at me bro!
Wish I was there :/
haha well now you can talk to me i'll be here (:
use ya brain mane!!
u sure? cause im here if you need to talk
A student showcase presents "Boom Boom Basics Burlesque Studio" | $10 | 8:30PM |
I know. Graphs and facts are scary. But I'm pretty certain I've taught at least one person dumber than some basic math.
I spent all day in bed watching you Vlogs. Don't make me start at it again!! Haha ;)
is this lauren?
he's so good. DUDE, come back to texas. you need to live here and be my best friend LOL xD
Wow, Whitney Houston dead at 48 per AP report. Lesson here...
Let's all hope Michael J. Fox wins the 2013 Oscar for cinematography on Hunger Games.
Lovely people making my lovely morning even more lovely with lovely music! <3
You sent the funniest email of the day. The map. The map. The map.
how creative
Been looking for an excuse to go to fort lauderdale? SHOW NIGHT!
Prime Rib is on the menu tonight! Come indulge in 14oz. of pure bliss!
can i move favorites from iphone to ipad?
YUP We are all OKAY! In the midst of a move right now. No fear 2012 is going to kick ass!
thats really sweet.
I wish it was easier to trust people...this is totally why people always end up straying from me...
Can't wait to party with the baddest bad grl of BGC8 when u cum to memphis June 1st #FOLLOWBACK PLZ
Roommate wears the same outfit when she goes to a party. Please, I beg you, for your sake, get a different skirt & top. That's just pathetic
We tried both. I liked both. Nice folks there.
Ditto RT We the best lol ---> RT : Chicks that like to cook >>>
are scheduled to rock in the BFT on March 10th. Can't wait to get back. The staff and beer are incredible!
I hope you know that youre seeing WTK with me at warped tour.
man I heard Brock quit I'm sure its part of the story line I just forget to watch on mondays
Something like a pool shark!
Ginger ale report: others found it gingery, I wished for more. Definitely needed more yeast; was barely bubbly. Batch two soon.
Good Morning, have an awesome day! Sitting in silence allows you to collect your thoughts, so that you can make better choices.
if by chance there are any unsold tix for Thursdays 8- and/or 10 shows.... Dibs :)
waiting is gay.
have no life cause we're sitting around waiting for the cops to come back down our street
This lady is annoying me
Usana Health Sciences -10% off if you sign up as a preferred customer
Nope just think it is flipping awesome
classic john madden analysis
with a lower case "p" only. ;-)
Nothing like a cold-front to sweep away the amateurs.
so good
Thanks. Don't blame you. I managed to not even use iTunes til I got my iPhone.
dope dope =)
Busy but well:) Lots of family, business, minor health concerns but doing great now:) Preparing 4 my 50th Alum Reunion May 25
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of Chips and it isn't even that many inside with air inside to cover it up!
they will one day x
I wanna move. Far away. Maybe Australia..
I mention this on tours, but today I found my source from the Star. In 1997, Nancy Irsay paid $44,000 for a 20 lot space on Crown Hill.
thanks for the follow. Happy Holidays!
Bitches fuck me cus' they know my name---
Great day for the 1st RiverBound race of 2012.
Cuz baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say
last night with my track family of 2012! im gonna miss these seniors! :(
Lots of talk about #ReidBill. Don't you think that like prohibition, those that want a way will find it? Illegality never stopped it be4.
That was the SF meeting. South Bay lunch still in the works.
just woke up :P so sore :[
Lol aight cause I was hearing all kind of stuff, so I just wanted to be clear on it
oh and thanks for the RT by the way.
Watching Dollhouse for 1st time. The fight scene between you and Ballard was freakin awesome! One of the best I've seen.
Don't let the world change your smile. Make your smile change the world.
I used to have just noodles and soy sauce for meals when i was really broke
Thanx 2 everyone for the luv and support!! U GUYS ROCK! <3
SO I just found an AWESOME recipe for Oyster Tacos!!! Anybody wanna play Guinea Pig?
RT : Twitter at 100 million active users, likely to increase a lot more with iOS 5 integration
welcome back to H-town!
Enjoying no pants weekend in NYC one cheek @ a time.
bought a cute new French beret at H&M can u say OLALA! ;)
DINNER TIME AT THE B!!!!! COME AND GET IT!
#3WordsForYou You are flawless.
Shut up and worry about tonight. Last time we let you quarterback a night out for a fight we ended up at Miami Jai Alai!
#facebookjustbought me a new pair of jays.
Chatting with about social media.
WORKING ON THE NEW MIXTAPE (I AM KING) GET AT ME FOR MIXTAPE PLACEMENTS IM GOING IN
"Then you found the lord, You gave your life to him, And you could not ignore, the love he had for you. "
yeah -go to that twibe website and find a group near you! I am in the Milwaukee Twibe. Didn't find a disability theme though
#snappytv let's you video clip while you watch. Cool product for provider integration.
U should be so jealous this morning... Cheers to beer week!
If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make a change.
I THINK IM PUFF DADDY! I LIKE
Love #themasters! Final round always moving.
Karl von Frisch got Nobel Prize for decoding the language of #bees; also discovered that both bees & fish see color.
just followed & will continue 2 do so if u never threaten again...
Good friday!
How does any government justify taking our equality and liberty in the name of central planning?
blah. i swear.
#tweetyour16yearoldself See more shows. Screw the haters. Date the drummer. Study more, party less. Have dad teach you electric guitar.
What should I order for dinner? I'm sort of in the mood for chinese.
lol good. Sorry u had to look at my bare ass
Good point! Might be location skills? Or suggestion based on own love? 4th grader rec'd Harry Potter. We have mult copies.
It's hard to get anything with out verifiable income.
I totally did. So how do you select the winner? by random raffle?
Man Trouble try n cum find you bruh jus keep hiden from it
I predict this will only serve to exacerbate the national stereotype of Wisconsinites.
i need to try some mini sirloin bugers..... :-)
Working too long with Time to 10-2
Infocus: Enables us to highlight and share our 'focus' (a particular quote from an article, for example) on the web
if I had a dollar for all of the Britney Spears messages that flood my twitter inbox...apparantly she has a large fan base in Brazil!
i only watched a second of it but was that new zombies?
Hey now :). How ya been?
but apologies for all the whining...
That's great news!
Fun Fact: Dog nose prints are as unique as human finger prints and can be used to identify them.
help! Im stuck in narnia and i cant find the way out
Just entered a biggest loser contest at work. I am going to hate giving up soda and chocolate
Favorite part of office party last night was 30 min geek out with two other Stern fans.
I keep thinking about you. Any news yet?
ONE STOP Poker SHOP Grand Opening!!! All poker products up to 75%!! www.eproducts4less.biz
Hope everyone had a love filled Valentine's Day! ♥
Due to issue with Heroku, our new SSL certificate did not "take". Currently working to get the new one installed. Very sorry for the error.
I'm not afraid to tell you that I love you. I'm afraid to hear that you don't love me back because I know that's what will happen.
you mad ?
I scream depression? Muthafucker, it's better then what you'll scream if I ever got a hold of your muthafuckin ass..
Working on some new art pieces...a variation on a recent theme!
shit dude...sorry....but pushing them to OT on the road is a good sign...get em in game 2....
Out of school and into seattle!
Flawless plan. And of course the Queen, Jo herself. When are you going?
S/O new follower :::
....our house..I would come see it like everyday to see what was done that day..lol its exciting;) I'm glad to hear all is well!!!!
I will be back! Have a bit of traveling to do... Vermont, Colorado, Kentucky, and Michigan!
MT : MT : Art on the Fax is TONIGHT! We will Music by Andalus Jazz Express, food vendors & more! 5p Fletcher Plaza
If Yost is the scape goat, would the #Royals have the balls to swollow their pride and bring in Frank White as manager?
Parents just checked in upon my recommendation. Record breaking use of exclamation points via text regarding accommodations.
another day of basketball
Thanks! RT check out 's new album.
#MyPastRelationships I've never had a real relationship. They all sucked!!!
wonderful rain in #SantaFe today snow on the mountains
Happy birthday to me and :D
As a polysci student, Ive long since learned to be skeptical of "cost to govt" claims. Way too much data that can be manipulated
I hate what you've done to me.<//3
ever thought maybe Paul Denton was really just a made-up alias of Damon's? maybe he got bored in the 90's & went to Camden?
Haircut for prom today
Make that just heroin. We all know now about Mantle's alcohol problem. Bonds' own "drug problem" makes comparisons hard.
app where you can add words to pics. any recommendations?
Just found out I'm a heavy sleeper. How? Apparently pokes my face and ties knots in my hair for her entertainment.
RT : Change = Growth
Write for the website post about tech like news, updates,reviews, and more but i like apple more
please follow me <3
Headed to the gym bout to get my workout on
This is my 2,000 update, but not really. deleted a solid years worth of my tweets. *tear
Nice profile
who wants to be my cuddle buddy?!??!!! :D
RT : #Pinterest board inspired by YOU HAVE NO IDEA by Vanessa () & Helen () Williams...
Eli Manning sucks
I can get down with this --> Today is Friday May 11th. It's National "Eat what you want" Day! via
Todd is now working with Sun West Mortgage Co.
thats whats up how do you like it
Nickel bag of weed a week, I got cocaine here to sell...how can a young man go back home when the city girls look so well?
please follow and me we lov u
With graduation season here, remember to frame that diploma with us! You'll receive the best quality at affordable prices.
good how are you ? 💗
Will you answer this question? (:
thanks Brad. We'll get on it. All the Hillbilly's?
"Then Jesus said, 'Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do.'" Luke 23:34
lets talk somebody
the hortonworks folks essentially gave my Ecosystem slides that I gave over 1.5 yrs ago - remember the future of data ecosystem?
Except I don't date electronics. So, no. RT : I may be late in observing this... Are drummers being replaced by electronics?
Tonight is St. Drunken's Eve. To prepare, drink lots of water, eat plenty of carbs and change your exes' numbers on your phone.
Morning shifts are terrible... But getting off at 5 feels so good.
Yeah I know, I am actually wanting to see tjem play each other.
I'll bet! This blows!!!
#ndpl most (69%) don't know if their public library's digital collection is ADA compliant
are you producer?
So true! Happy Easter my friend. Give Cam a big hug for me.
Digging the new yellow alternates. Reminds me of when I was a kid.
Lots of diff dates thru mid-June.
Off to work, then dinner with the family and more unpacking tonight...
Birthday wishes to the only NBA player cool enough to hang out on the 'Step Brothers' DVD commentary. Go NYK!
Today was full but awesome! Hosted a ton of family in our new home and it was not cramped! Lovely afternoon!
#Digitalsignage screens are EVERYWHERE but do the ads make sense to what you want or need? is helping to change that....
tryna show off I feel ya doe
good! I hope Jennifer gets closure now. Such a shame~
feeling refreshed after the long weekend....lots of new projects this week...
In the street one day I saw you among the crowd, in a geometric pattern dressed
THank you
Just got done watching boyfriend.........BEST VIDEO EVER I'm just speachhless!!!!!!!!!!
When I get off of work tonight, I'm gonna listen to podcasts.
Osmond Fisher of Young Jazz Masters is visiting Sunday's rehearsal.
can I find it at Whole foods? and Trader Joes?
haha, he's polite but he should know his way around.
Did I mention how proud I am of my girls and the whole DDC comp team and teachers this weekend?!?!?!?
new album almost done
"The Taste of Regret" By: IFAF
EVERYBODY KNOWS RYAN IS IN LOVE WITH YOU
your worst nightmare =O
Contrasting Raimi&#39;s Original Spider-Man Trailer with Marc Webb&#39;s ...
Thank you for the wonderful surprise. Having a hard cover copy of "Small Town Rules" is awesome! Loving the content too!
Considering it was almost 20 years ago, I was less discerning. I loved the characters, at least
Followed Back..
Me and singing "What Makes You Beautiful" to each other <3
Two weeks of vacation start… NOW.
"I am healed from sin." (I Peter 2:24) #thatswhatHEsaid tonight
that would be great.
it was probably or who put glass in your pool
talent show tomarrow..i am freakin out dont know if i can do it....... HELP........
"I will rise" has helped me in times of doubt. it's grounded me and reminds me, with god life is beautiful,1 songwriter 2 anthr
Mary McLeod - Le Corbusier and agriculture, 1930s affiliation with “regional syndicalism” movement; belief in building a new order now.
Haha. I'll change my mind into something else in about 5 mins, you know this.
As 3rd quarter ends, Horns put 4 fingers in the air and wave them -- symbolizing Cal's four turnovers, I presume.
Okay I'm done for now. bye :)
Congratulations to AU SOC Cohort 16! Thanks for an amazing two years. Can't wait to work with each of you. You guys rock! Happy Graduation!
RT : Hawks fans...we have 10,947 here tonight- a sellout! Thank you!
yo i just seen a bird get ran over .. that was weird
T2 But the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
It's not about the light at the end of the tunnel. It's about the tunnel. (Do what you love/Enjoy it/Live moment) -
oh. Waterfront. I see.
what is that???
dick is so big, push by sapphire was written about it
Former Iceland to Nixon jailed for real-time updates. White House advance of 'terror' in shadow of Homes
If we even meet in person remind me to show you the mess that is my iPhone. Close to 500 apps. I probably use 20.
starting the study sesh with #themotto actually just makes me want give up and drink.
I have no words at all...lol
You call me a whore! But yet again your the one sending nude pics to people! Your a low life!
Me too! Now if they just added cheesecake to the menu all the planets would be lined up:-)
right on, we dig your sound too. glad we came across you today. just DMed you about doin something together
Hurt my feelings today...oh well..you probably dont care.
Without a name player, could GW still come up with a DP signing who could really tally 14-15 goals?
LMAO @ the dude who kept honking at me at the ATM..I guess u didn't think a woman would curse your ass out! ;)
announced Paul Phillips as team captain for the 12-13 Pioneers. Nick Shore, Knowlton and Ostrow will be the alternate captains.
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if
I wanted to mention that I got my Ipad at my local best buy 250 this last Saturday! Its Cool, I love NetFlix and Kindle too!
bet she was pretty
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. -Will Rogers
Hi Maggie! Everyone, please welcome She is totally awesome and you should follow her.
so happy for you guys!!! My favorite band on my favorite show...... just so amazing xx
Thanks for the follow...
THAT'S GREAT! <3 my house is Gryffindor what's urs?
Lex is doing great, excited for the Fanfest next weekend and looking forward to meeting you!
I can't believe that my sister and I used to stand in the pre-dawn Black Friday line at Best Buy.
RT : Authors experience event are best ; we'll be more & more dependent on those without experience over time.
I refuse to retweet poor grammar. You're=you are.
Come on #Giants !!!!
Cant wait to watch the Iowa State vs Texas game tomorrow (all the way from Haiti!)...Go State!
Thanks! Looking forward to it...we are almost sold out!
no kiddin'. you are the REAL deal, missy. Love you too.
Most hated; can't be faded. 👍
as long as they're good ones...like the ones that bring yummy snacks! :)
okay! ;D what one are you referring to or ? LOL
Parenting class
“: My iPhone has an obsession with autocorrecting the word 'so' to 'do' ... Do annoying”
Many thanks for the mention!
Had a bomb breakfast w my dude now just waitnn to get lined up by the 1 n only
Bubba Watson and John Daly have got be the coolest dudes in golf.
THanks for the follow . Are you a wordpress blogger ? or do you blog at all ?
Today our speaker is the son of Steve Allen, he has never talked to a group about his father to a group before!
I write the episode & the season on my tweets so when I look back I can know what episode it was & watch it again :]
I was asked "would it fit your schedule to exercise an hour a day or be dead 24 hours a day?"
Morning Rockstars! > There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something. - Henry Ford
": So lexii jus fuckin dies #tears"I know right
Stay off of em RT : My good knee hurt worse than my bad knee
oh yeah. Added international sms plan to my phone before I left!
#quotes #time The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln
Dear TheraFlu Severe Cold, I love how you make me feel better the moment I swallow you. I just wish you tasted better! Sincerely, Trai
RT : Ok tweeps I'm speaking at and have voodoo tix so ping me to attend
I just visited Alice Aycock's A Simple Network of Underground Wells at The Fields Sculpture Park. Land Art pilgrimage continues!!
Just face it, we have all been obsessed with a british accent atleast once in our life
+1 RT Anybody else suddenly hit with an urge to watch "School Ties?"
Lost 4 friends uhm still drinking..... lock it up
O Scary!
I need more followers!! Follow me
HAHA!no problem! I'll teach you!
Just got mail from 5starBasketball camp
I miss middle school :')
I needed a day off. Spending valentines day with my girl wine tasting in Santa Barbara, CA.
This would be an EPIC concert: #LadyAntebellum, #TaylorSwift, #LukeBryan, and #JasonAldean. Concert I would NEVER miss!! #LOVETHEM!! <3
Life's a Bitch. Especially when she's on her period.
#Illinibasketball it's going to be a tough row to hoe.
Everyone come & shop with us today !! Sales sales sales legooo
I love the anchorman
I take that back I love this weather right now reminds me of walking along the beach on both east and west coasts.
Thank you, darling! RT love your new picture!!
you are so right . I don't care who it is . once the beat gets in you can't help but have a great time. Boogie shoe me .
how that working out for you so far
Same to you!
I just want to lay in bed and play my game.
too bad ill be at work id come meet up
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
This past weekend was jam packed with stress... and now I'm breaking out. Oh lahd.
oh I love that... tacos!
thats awesome and thanks i hope they go will if i make it to sing in front of simon i may die lol.
Your wish has been granted. Nashville it is. February 2nd! 6 pm @ Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! Bring your friends!
NP:until the end of times Justin timberlake ft. beyonce
We're offering custom #socialwebinars for clients now - speaking for the NPMA membership tomorrow on reputation management. Going to be fun.
big trade for them. they made a nice deal for themselves RT : Today is a glorious day in Brewers country! Greinke,
I just told an old friend to beat it. An SB1070'er.
Do u know how...? New earth new heaven YES g..
just got a twitter omg dont no wat to do
I just read that 78-percent of antibiotics that were consumed last year were given to animals bred for human consumption. Sad.
unless we offer him more. We need 2 top 6 Fs in a thin market.
Myth: "development does it all." in reality, development just helps to package the ideas and content from museum prog developers
This girl in the stall next to me is OBVIOUSLY pooping. Like don't try make it seem like your not
I bet you have never even read the Bible.
Bring the parents! RT : if I could talk my parents into it I would!
Justin Is Our Flawless
I can't wait for Sunday. I hope we don't get screwed like those that went on thursday.
why thank you x
Thanks for the RT!
Mrs.butler dragged it with the hw . Out of 3 pages i did 5 questions
Fighting spirit key to success
Wondering how much office productivity drops during March. Tweet at us if you're going to watch any Big East games today
congrats to and Gen on their baby boy!
was a blast! Missing your face though... ;)
flipping betwn Ranger Stros on FSN and it appears to me that Rangers have HD cameras and STros are analog..kinda hard to watch..
If is wrong I don't wanna be right
Really? what chararacter did he play?
I wanna so bad!! I need it so bad. I'm working on getting in a better mood don't worry! :)
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11.. Drag Show creates campus controversy at Catholic school.
On the phone with drunk and she runs out of gas in the middle of 185th
please follow me♡♡ I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 89
Its halloween weekend. What is the best horror movie of all time?
Roughly half of my time grading today is being eaten by blackboard failures. God what a misbegotten piece of software.
Thanks, Lu. I appreciate you giving me a cold to say thank you for the great birthday.
Fixing the lawn mower! >:\
this is gonna be a series.
Upon setting out for an 8hr driving day this morning, I discovered 3 pairs of sunglasses in my purse. None of them belong to me.
i'm listening to dance music:)
Google sent me a Cr-48 Chrome OS Notebook! Huge surprise. Charging now. Can't wait to explore this baby!!
wow, who knew?
#20ThingsAboutMe I love hello Kitty ♥
I'm looking 4 a very Super strong and super-freakishly muscular Amazon and Family in New England 1
newest addition on my bucket list: learn how to ski. in , of course.
yep it was! Hahaha
Thanks to everybody!!! I have conquered another simple goal!!! Happy Monday friends!
I wanna read!!
I'm so sorry to hear that... sending love + good vibes!
In need of marketing products? Get an instant quote at www.spheregs.com
RT : Thanks to all the parents for bringing their kids to my camp this week. What a great group!!
You gotta see the baby!
- am at NMAH I am here at NMAH and will head for Mall side cafe..
We're thankful for and the education and conservation efforts they've supported worldwide.
I hated leaving vm for people at work because I thought they wouldn't take me seriously...I guess it's better than sounding "old"?
"fell off the roof but I'm aight doe"
Thx to you also.
Baby,forget about them,they don't understand;)
Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66! Great food and music!
Me :D
And I don't care, if I don't get anything All I need is you here right now And I'm sorry if I hurt you But I know that all I want is you :)
It's so hard to chew while laying on your back, but this is my break, and if I wanna lay on the floor I will.
kyle busch won the pure michigan 400 at michigan
Robocop 2 is on. Monday just got awesome.
Next at #usinno is Marc Smith, Chief Scientist Connections Action Consulting Group, on Innovation Networks in Social Media
ok imma text u my number.
… Might I be of service to you, madam? ;-)
we'll be at #bbc12 in Indy. Planning pre-conference and post conference events at breweries for attendees as well.
Davy Jones dies. How terribly sad.
I do
Congrats , what an awesome victory!
Pretty Little Liars
Can you believe it's that time of year again? If you still have a holiday party to plan, check out the Holiday Parties tab on FB....
#kids Roberto Clemente: Roberto Clemente Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 10:00 AM Barnes & Noble Booksellers 1000 Cranberry Sq Drive, Cranberry...
“: happy mothers day (:” Thanks :)
Is anyone interested in hosting a house party for a couple acoustic acts, new in this area, to play on Friday or Saturday night?
😂😂😂 RT : Happy Mothers day to the females that had sex on prom night, and dont know they pregnant !
Absolutely! We love local makers. Will tag you when announcing pro-dev workshops. Ever been to our space?
who pitched on our side? we've got some good arms down there
Came to realization and noticed things I never noticed before...
The excitement of the new homebuyers at Colony Park Town Houses is rubbing off! All of us are smiling from ear to ear! Happy times!
cartography is "the most practical comparative basis for integrating and reducing the vast reaches of modern information" -Jacques Bertin
Anyone out there having problems with Verizon Wireless air cards?
When I leave class I have to fill up my gas tank
I almost missed wishing you a Happy Birthday!
Yay for cancelled classes! Now I can see my love :)
if someone would create a generic Holiday channel on Pandora, I would be much obliged.
noe there is a party I my pants at the bar
you're ard
Thank you for the RT - more details to come!
RT How powerful would it be to have mainstream education community advocate for #museums? Let's do it!
Just talked to the family of the Franklin boy hit by a train last week. Their emotional interview on Live @ 5. Don't miss it.
When I am afraid, I will trust in you. What can mortal man do to me? Psalm 56:3-4
Fabulous job tonight! Worries are over.
COOL. Congrats! I think you're classy enough for BAFTA tho!
great meeting you two last week. best of luck with everything!
You do realize the #US govt is calling stupid #revo #mediaSlaves who fly 3-starred flags #AlQaeda, right?
All single file, dressed the same, corralled by a crazy mustached dictator
oh my gosh how r u? i havent talked to you in a very long time.
I like that! :-) Something to keep in mind for any designs or stories I write in the future! If it's ok?
the live video stream on the web from Italy is over, but still streaming audio. reporter using very colorful language
hahahaha #ew THEY WERE SO GROSS
Nats-Orioles Friday night... who's up for drinking beer in the cheap seats?
yeah it's really good!!!
want me to sing you a song to build up your spirit? *clears throat* Oh wait, I cant sing... *shrugs* Guess you're on your own
York today :-D still wish I'd gone uni there bo.
i know the west ago take it bro
I bought all three of the books ( X3 each) that I'm asking AP students to purchase for summer reading. Total=8 dollars. June 6 delivery.
i can't pay my rent, but i'm fucking gorgeous.
Clippers will keep taking those turnovers if you're just gonna hand 'em to us.
The all new sexy thursdays kick off 2nite inside ladies FREE FREE FREE all nite!!! $3 u call it...bring ur azz out!!!
My new favorite hobby is sitting in hammocks on the beach drinking piña coladas. I need to do this more often.
The prodigal sun.....glasses have been returned
I'm not going there yet....
(of a married couple) to respect each other as if the other were a guest
Enjoying #DirtySoap on Sunday nite - great show,
Thanks so much Kevin!!!
Emo One Liners: Elegant Ways of Saying "Go Kill Yourself Bitch"
Haha yeah :o “ ": My mom is making me this tea with some weed, idk what it is lol" sketchy shit”
I'm inspired by others, but not by my self.
and Delbanco favors realpolitik and theological inscrutability
before i met you, i never knew what it was like to look at someone & smile for no reason
Ugh. Koalas aren't even smart. Though in fairness, you'd be a dick too if you tried to live on nothing but eucalyptus.
RT "You can tell clever people by their answers. You can tell wise people by their questions."—Naguib Nahfouz
If PM chooses Titans any chance Cards look at Hasselback?
Laugh often dream big and reach for the stars.
Game winner! JJOOOOOOONNES
What do YOU aspire to be in life... Reply to me the answer <3 my goal is to be a great photographer and also to help people any way I can
helping at warped tour! :DD
Always a treat, my friend. Have a great weekend!
LOLOL! what do you mean by 'like its nothing?' lololol
The Brick Alley in Frankfort Ky tonight.. Good to be on after a few days off
Knowing that for every man exists a new way to be a man
Saturday hurry up.
I know we haven't talked in a while:s But I thought I'd let you know has a new music video and free song!! :D
this rubs me the wrong way. ok, enough puns for today.
i want mac&cheese </3
Dale asks for a do-over, he thought the vote was for In-N-Out... re-votes and Chick-fil-A passes by a 4-0 vote, Voepel (still) absent
Like the back-end of our rotation. by the way S Rice left MIN for Sea....bwah hah hah hah! Good job Minny! Enjoy 1st pick!
Sorry I missed your community call on 4-11. May I ask: How can a news org become a host site for K-M Fellows?
Teenager shot from passing car
Follow us and tune into, Perspective Sundays at 12:00 pm on WPWR channel 50.
RT #AribaLive 1900 people in attendance yet #Ariba makes everyone feel welcome/collaborative. Great job Tim!
No. You're so wrong. #imightmarryhim #nooffense :)
sleep a lil sleep is good :) follow mee?
Having some really insanely close races in Ridge Racer 3D...
suck my tits as i grab your hair...
You should have recd the #mlanet12 confirm email w/badge # almost instantly after reg, check spam folder?
Got some great stuff for ya ladies!!
good morning babe!
When you don't have a good signal on your phone and you go all lion king on it.
What an awesome day! Surf & then opening the bar... Happy hour at 4 come on over to & say hi
Website updated. 2010 dates posted. Photo cube updated. New official & personal photos uploaded. 2009 winners should be posted later today.
Beautiful Florida morning, but HUMID! My workout was like slogging through fog...Just call me a fog-slogger. Say THAT fast, 5x
Do werk SAN!
hey im on ur fan page but i wanted to be added to ur actual fb page but there are so many different ones. which is u?
Repetition and consistency is critical to getting your message across
yes u need to drop items or ship them to me in advance Price per auto for jones=25
If you don't mind, follow me so I can send you a DM. Thanks!
The heavenly Maine coast !
All you Beautiful Women have been in Hibernation! You looking real good Far Rock!
here too.
From what I saw over the course of this season is the only one who deserved to win! I just didn't see it for anyone else
Never saw a GM ad. But if you're buying FB ads and linking their success to direct sales of cars, you're doing it wrong.
Most in fact DO study only anglophone lit: it's hard to convince college students to study lit in langs other than English
thanks for following me
#FF << FOLLOW HIM! Super Cool Guy & Very Good Friend & Listener! Loves Hockey! Please Follow Him!!
I saw my Juliet come graceful down the stairs. It's hard to miss how her eyes like up the room, and still the air
anti-trafficking activists claim that consensual sex workers don't exist. We are ALL trafficked and in need of rescuing.
Ill just send u my address.
been recording recently?
Tori is my friend and she's a TOTALLY AWESOME human being who happens to have a marvelous voice as well!
Had interviews today after school, I hope I made it...I found out on Monday :3
Americana/jazzgrass and down home good music from #UrbanDrawl at Campbell's Place in Chestnut Hill tonight, 9:30p-1a
Hemoglobin is a great word
your an idiot haha
For example, somebody had the audacity to tell me they were mad at me last week because I was being an ass, like I was going to give a damn
I hate that white ppl circus, clown music. They love it!
I know the functionality is the selling point, but also has the best sound effects in a Twitter client, period.
I've been trying to avoid putting games on my phone, but too many people have been asking me to get Draw Something... I'll cave.
thanks man. Gotta unlock metal Mario
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
They tried to make me go to LOVE LIFE REHAB and I said YEAH YEAH YEAH!!! Come hear week 2 of our amazing series going through Song of Songs!
Great movie! RT A.10 Planes,Trains & Automobiles Love It
Y wont she listen to me?
We love the Pratt! Follow them now! #prattlove RT : We're closing in on 5,000 followers.
Purple Reign... Great way to end an album. Dance Gavine Dance please come to Boston T___T
Do you have a redline?
you guys are twin tweeters!
its great! sang "I Will Always Love You" like an angel, just like Whitney is now!!!!
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you. - Frank Tyger
Only 37 more hours of Bush!
I asked u back tho! Ha
I'm posting that everywhere. Holy hell.
Tfkk Are You,Your The One Hittin Me Up.?.!
truth. i don't have the stomach for it and bow to those who do.
that scares me and r u a girl
True, but the difference is all in how they want to "deal" with it. ;(
Been wanting to get into the game of golf for the longest. Finally took the 1st step just found a used set of clubs @ a garage sale
news said riot. Bashing windows and lighting fires isn't a protest...or am I wrong? Meh ok angry protest :P
Mocha-Peppermint-Cherry. That's an interesting combo. How was it?
was in some deep sleep until I awoke from a dreadful dream
happy for you;)
Because it was! :p
good morning i love baby sunday happy
Watch for a new Red Cross campaign Coming Soon! More details to come...
It doesn't matter how hard and fast you fell for me. What really matters is how long you're willing to stick around with me.
Hey Jamie, thanks for the follow! It's always good to connect with someone from the Portland area.
Hey sweetie its friday
Research and Markets: Global Virtual Private Network Router Market 2011-2015: Cisco, HP, Juniper Networks and Huawei ...
Interesting...not sure if I agree. CIO's should learn more about finance. CIO's (transformational ones) are engaged beyond IT.
I cant wait for Christmas! :)
just ate meat lovers pizza, I REGRET NOTHING
Lmaoo!! Babe plz get back with that one u just another non factor thatz not even n my life ... Subtweet.
Facebook page now up and running. Come 'Like' us - just search for WeBeGreater!
:) haha i need to download that song ha
Truth. RT : Sure looks like a catch, a fumble and a touchdown for Brian Rolle. First big play in a long time by an Eagles LB.
hopefully we'll see you back around here soon!
text me and I'll tell u why
We meet in conference room today (top of the stairs). We'll miss but trust she's knocking them dead at conference!
i am wats good mama
I love oomf.
Hello hello hello hello hello hello
What. Is. The. Deal.
Yeah 93 til Infinity was getting over here! Its 1 of my faves
(follow on to last tweet, I'm already at the office, so consuming that post doesn't count, right?)
Today is Helen's birthday. What a lucky man I've been to have her in my life. She keeps me grounded. Best boss I ever had. Happy Birthday!!
keep my thoughts to my self , I don't need no opinion.
RT : Spoiling myself for the weekend. Got a mini convertible to drive around this weekend :)
Holy crap, ! That's amazing! Congrats!
Called back for the role of Ellen in OVER THE TAVERN by Tom Dudzick for Seven Angels Theatre, a charming regional theatre in Danbury, CT
We are looking for volunteers to work all shifts on Monday, September 6th at the telethon. Email Liz at for information!
RT : Look im ready to see Mayweather and Pacquiao fight tired of this delay ~ Yes! Please! What is up with all of this delay?
F THIS IM DELETING THIS ACCOUNT 2!x FIRST LEAKING THEN HATE MAIL X
Love love love
No need to be dead just accept the critcism and move on. lol ..you know I was just playin with you though :)
Dinner invitations went out last night!
Mfs always mad when they know I got ut
I don't know if Bruce is ever gonna smell normal again because of bowers.
in love with
ugh thanks for letting me know damn spammers
Going on the ________
I'm jealous! I need a WikiWife. :) Congrats on your first day!
Holy crap I seriously thought it was saturday..
Watching the recorded "New Blended Learning" webinar from Adding social aspects to continue the learning experience is key
So, which well-paid TV job has Santorum landed that made it possible for him to "suspend"? He does have a big family to feed & homeschool.
Even when we have differing beliefs, it should be goal of every American to include civil rights for ALL of us.
very cool!
cux I was on my break lol
Theodore Roosevelt~ Motivational quotesI'm a great believer in luck,and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it
you are going to be beyond amazing! I am so proud of you and what you have achieved. You rock!
dirty dancing aww
ah damn man. Enjoy the rest of your time man!
"I bet she gives great helmet"
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
ur just too much sometimes! LOL!!
The music was telling me to say that
I Have #SaySomethin On Repeat!<3 Amazing Song!(:
Congrats for signing on to direct the Lifetime Steel Magnolis remake! Look forward to learning more about it! Great move!
Working with Final Cut for class. Havnt used it in a while. Wonder how this is going to work for me.
S/O to teachers! ": Let’s support our teachers—and thank them for all they do. #TeachersAppreciationWeek"
wear your heart on your feed.
Clipboard-bearing freak outside : "WOULD YOU LIKE TO SAVE A TIGER WITH ME?"
Umm... I'm eating olives and reading Said and listening to weird debke mixtapes. So Palestinian.
whoa! holy book backlog ~ I started reviewing books a couple months ago...love this little side job - hobby - OBSESSION :)
You know how I do by now!
#digitaldeathday is getting started! Good to see everyone. Updates here all day.
Say what you need to say, but remember that it can't be unsaid. Offer forgiveness, even when it isn't deserved.
shoutout to my new followers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks Muahhhh
It depends on how well known your collection is among various user groups and where you are promoting it.
Feels good to be back in KC
Board of Supervisors supported SB 973 this morning!
RT : :-) RT: “: "I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall!!!!-oriented." (Mexican sportscaster at a job interview)”
Heck yeah, we'll have a lot of fun together when we can play a show there 😃RT : I would love to see you guys
CRAP MY 200 WENT TO it was suppose to go to DAMN IT okay okay 300 goes to Hill!
The flea market is a great place to pop up on a weekend and sell. It's cheap rent too!
2 kids bdays celebrated with good peeps of Now, nightly wrestle time with my son
I'm wearing mine! RT : Don't forget to wear your purple today.
not arguing. 600 is 600, as Bonds taking the alltime mark- true. Steriods wouldn't have entered had they not proved beneficial.
Lol You kno that's Monster Tez": And yo baby boy over here wrecking shit"
CAn you help us? Showing teachers Twitter for PD. Please tell us where you are from and a way you use Twitter.
woah! It's twitter. Remember that.
Facebook, I don't appreciate when you act retarded.
Thanks for the follow. Yes, it it wonderfully beautiful!
If your site appears on "what the world Googled this past year" That's Great... But if they searching for your #Sign-in page, you SUCK!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 14
Badgers should get a 4 seed. #selectionsunday!
Already thinking about being overseas
Make today magnificent.
Only 2 more days to our fundraiser at Newark Palace Theatre - Last Night of the Proms on 28th Jan. Tickets £12.50. C'mon Support Twinning!
I hate turning down work. Especially when it involves Ryan Gosling.
I can't stop thinking about your sweet ass, would love to see your hole!!!
cutest lil guy EVER! i'm in love.
"LOL" has gone from meaning "laugh out loud" to "i have nothing else to say."
And the kale salad with seeds... so yummy!!!! Writing a post I would like to include you in :)
Well at least you're being productive I see.
I think I was lucky 2 meet folks at the #crownplaza. nice to meet you and give yall directions to your conference ;o)
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
Thanks! For the RT too! RT Looking fwd to having you on Thurs!
I wake up to the same 4 walls everyday, i rather wake up in paris.
Great day, great evening.
Choas follows a hurried redesign always. Eventually I get privilege I need, but it can take a long time. ;)
Happiness is an option.
hope the finish line is in site!
...game but now rethinking. Maybe I should start by asking them to respond to the essential q :)
I love old skool R&B #VH1Soul Channel
so what u been up to still working that cafe deal
don't know if i'm spelling it right, but appendix
shoved right back into my cage...
Wish MS Expression would let me slice like Photoshop
Free scone from the coffee lady. This day is going to be awesome.
Close out this beautiful Mother's Day @ Maduro tonight. Chad's mixing it up behind the bar, I'll provide the beats. 8p/music @ 10.
Don't worry, you've got another chance on Last Wednesday, January 25!
i have no love for the cardinals... but 'go nat'l league!'
": Leave me alone..." u knw who u are"
T-minus 6 hours and 43 minutes until my birthday! I expect a present from all of you. Nothing too fancy...just a few MacBooks or something.
watch the Academy Awards(:
Okay-enough nature. Break is over... Now back to work. What are you working on today???
Whats good! love how you rock your
that was mine, btw.
See you at Shecky's Girls Night out!!
Me too. Heading there after /RT Ready for at
when leggings starting doubling as pants.
please let the hostess know I'll be running a bit late
Follow my crew Be on the lookout for big things. Trust me.
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being, but to remind him that he is already degraded. ~George Orwell~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In 1752, the W&M faculty had to pass a rule prohibiting bets on horse racing, cock fighting, and cards and dice games
thanks for the explanation -- and in 140 characters no less :) will dig deeper into the links you sent
is finished job one for the day...getting ready for job two...!
Great now I'm wide awake
Whenever Im Up Late Im Probably Brainstorming..
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
James Acheson: "In the real world, some important resources, such as migratory species of fish, cannot be privatized."
I hope your dreams stay big and your worries stay small
ayee what bar? Im there! Lol
wait in mail or facebook? And whats it for?
Exactly! RT ": "Legislative violence against women" Kerry Washington #Nerdland"
R.I.P MUTHAFUCKIN Carroll Shelby
thanks lady!!!
Surround yourself with progress!
I need Paul imagines to cheer me up.
All Night Express d. Naptown Dragons when Titus pins Lee after the One Night Stand.
I really don't like True Blood....
#OnlyGhettoPeople want something for nothing and blame the next person for their struggles.
Not more than usual
are you the guy who sings on YouTube? (:
*puts mouth peice in* show me my opponent !!
Looking forward to a fun evening with our friends at tonight. Drinks and music on the Patio
Bummed by razor burn? & to the rescue! Get 20% off shaves during May w purchase.
Im really not that short..
good morning ❤❤❤
i love you but the spurs are gonna win
Drinking on a Sunday.... #WhereTheHellIsSunday??!
Cici text me what you wearing
Working with many new clients this week. What a great time to be at #redmethodinc !
Yeah, i have amazing friends.<3
playing with hashtags for
MARCH MADNESS! Come get HOO HOO HOO shirts, Boiler Hoodies and Irish shirts from today!
I think so. I mean we could walk to it in less than 5 minutes. That practically makes it part of our offices!
LOL....hopefully it was someone good looking...odds aren't in your favor!
Is Tasti D-Lite in Columbia Heights seriously open now? Oh man....
yes very jealous!!😒
thanks Kurt! Was a pleasure to meet you, as well! I'll be sure to stop by and say hi when I'm in Salem
congrats on baby #4!
