Males sit so close to the tv. Why? Lol
So fun getting an e-mail that your item sold on
ill give it a chance... fag
Grrr! Why do I keep thinking it's Thursday?
We can't wait! RT : We are! Thanks for the #SDMardiGras mention!
So, I'm looking for a new #workout #playlist any suggestions? I'm open to most anything. Just no opera during the workout.
... On the other hand, men with premature ejaculation suffer from a disturbed speed of ejaculation, but do have intact orgasmic sensation.
how could you have found love when I'm still here cryin waitin for you to find me :'(
i swear as soon as a ring get put on my finger ! ima be the best wife ever!.
I wish I could be there!!!!!
Rain rain getting the dirt out!
I said d Same
seriously. Which one did you go to?
We love that has brought back "Brews With A View" on the roof with a keg of beer and live music! From 6:00-8:00pm & cost is $10.
REALLY?! What did he say?!
Love produces peace and harmony whereas attachment causes distress and disharmony.
Stevi B&#39;s Pizza Expanding in Richmond, Virginia
If you are going to do it at all, give it your best
especially when the propaganda machine has done so well convincing people that more government handouts are needed
RT : Stupid no money having poorness. I would kill for a chili cheese dog with onions. // Might as well get extra for ice cream.
Go Magic. I have low expectations.
please please can we trend
But dead things are better. LMAO
Okay, time to gird loins and go into pencils on this behemoth. If I don't see you again, Twitter, it's been lovely! - DvL
I bought it! cos i'm a #proudDirectioner whos gonna help u boys get
what do you think of shakira's video for addicted to you?
Good Morning D.C...or shall I say Maryland. There so close I'm so confused! Lol
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend
Hm... Wonder why I've been awake for an hour already...
OH MY GOSH I LOVE HIM ! ISN'T HE PERFECT!!! 😊❤☺
hi keith. was wondering if you know of any good blogs or sites that deal with the housing side the events industry?
hey beck it is jamie follow me on here too
I wish I knew where to go to school next year
RT : Let me remind everyone Occupy Wall street exists b/c BOTH parties have become unresponsive to the needs of the avg person
Billboard R&amp;B/Hip Hop Top 50-(4/14/2012) | Straight Out The Gate
just curious. always interested to talk about SOLs getting in the way of learning
RT: THIS WKND, PEN rolls out a new series at in Griffith Park. Join us for the launch of BOOM, a new journal from UC Press
#mhealth T1. Agreed that an area for education. Who or where will that come from?
I am tired of all of this.
If you don't know who the King of Cuban swag is... You need to know it is !!!!! :)))
I approve of this name! Haha
And many of us are over here planning the Post Arrival Orientation!s
Have to admit, the idea of having everyone use their last names as verbs still makes me giggle
were bringing #barndance t shirts over so tell your peeps to bring their bills!
Get ready for spring cleaning and rent a storage unit to get organized!
The greatness of this justifies the existence of Tumblr and all memes. :)
that's waddup bro
you, me, church, tomorrow. is it a date or? (;
: “Players with fight never lose a game, they just run out of time.” John Wooden” AH"
RT : At the car wash. Cue the music // thanks for the tune-cootie
#team Light&Brownskin girls!! Women like us make the dream
It ain't a rebel flag you bought at the mall. It's a homemade hay bed in an old horse stall, two kids caught stealing a boones farm kiss
Just had that nice euro workout, moms is cookin me salmon now... gotta love
oh my god two of my favorite people ever together what is life
Thanks! :) We're so happy we chose the venue, it was perfect.
Everyone's talking about wanting to get an awesome grade on the APWH exam.
Oh ya! I have two whiet Huskies, male and female!
This evening, come enjoy the musical stylings of Nashville Academy of Rock! Show at 6:30 and free to everyone!
et al (#pubmedia); i've got storytlr running as a test, DM or email me if you want to play with it.
kinda not really /:
Big life decision? Drunk tweets? Daughter names. My god you're getting some girl pregnant right now, aren't you.
Hanging out with I love this girl <3333
Rainy day in Tacoma. Definitely Washington weather.
love you
I'm holding you to that! RT : Avengers was fantastic, way better than the 2 you mentioned.
Yeah I'd hit that... maybe with a bus... or a baseball bat... :D
2 o'clock already? Really?
Gmail, Google Docs, GCalendar, Facebook, Twitter, Apple Trailers.
#19-Clay Matthews-OLB-Green Bay Packers
The media and left wing are continuing to divide the races hoping somehow that will keep them in power. This guy Zimmerman is not a right w…
:) you married a winner!
i wish i was high right now. o:
takes a bad angle to cut off the cross and wasn't terribly quick either, but it was less of a mistake than I thought at first
Happy Easter! Text me when you get a chance. . .
Followed to all.
Jerry's on me when is back in town
12 more days of school.? uh , hell yeah.
aw really!?
Happy Saturday! Our weekends are reserved for family and fun. How about you? What do you do on the weekends to unwind and relax?
Wheels up! Jump'n off the grid. Headed to Maui and Kauai for 10 days. Ready to unplug...
Glad CBS missed the last two plays of the game
okay i have to say this your icon is seriously distracting me from everything rn LOL
Yeah it was different. It was really funny to me for sure.
WOW! Discovery just flew right by Village A!
The formula for the Shamrock Shake: 1 old pack of spearmint gum + 3 parts pure fat + 1 million parts EBOLA VIRUS. Top with whip cream.
If you're not in the product engineering session you've missed it all
"What mile marker are you at? I need to know if I should pray for you or not." - my sister is so weird
the highlight of my day, thus far: RT : It's Ted Turner in a green mullet wig.
Philly and Pitt...AWFUL goaltending.
it was really fantastic! A great way to meld together creativity and history.
Yeah, right! Ha, if you did.. I will be highly upset.
Wow. Just saw your vid on Models Unleashed. Very nice. Keep up the great work :-)
So cute!!
Every man has to believe they were badass once...
is your rails app in the root of your repo or in a subdirectory? Did you "git add . " and commit in your root or in a subdir?
yeah and the parade!!!! Team is too deep!! I wanna see Timmy though as much as I can.
The 48 wins in Darlington. Congratulations to Rick Hendrick, who just picked up his 200th win as an owner. An amazing accomplishment.
From a retired CPA: Isn't "happy tax season" an oxymoron?
Who wants to see something funny? Just go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one
duly noted. Thanks!
We have KOF Top 4 Then Finishing Top 4 of MK and we have AE Running off stream and UMVC3 To follow!
I wonder who is going to be braving the streets of Oakland tonight for
So many gluten free products at the Vegas #pizzaexpo! GF folks, in addition to the pizza and blondie, what else do y'all wanna see from AP?
“: Republicans think I said what?!”
you a hawtyyy
Denver Post '..conservatives who gathered to defend "traditional #marriage" lauded McNulty' Note scare-quotes,what a chg
yeah sounds good! maybe one evening next week?
I don't think its appropriate to tweet about personal issues
wow that's an educated statement typical of brainless people
RT Breaking: jury finds Brittany Norwood guilty of first degree murder in #lululemon trial. YES.
oh.. I was
I think only the people who follow YOU will see your tweets..it's so retarded and detached....
does it help that I wore a doo rag (spelling?) when I went in?
Getting ready. #ohyeah .
Have fun and kick some a**
When everything feels like the movies, yeah ya bleed just to know you're alive
Well hello here im there . Bahahaha. Lol.
I met Grant Morrison once, showed him Arsenic Lullaby, where aborted fetuses are turned into zombies, given menial labor tasks. He ran fast.
And so the rain continues...
that is a very tasty addiction.
“: If she owns a cat...beware. If she owns multiple cats...fucking run.”
Hi everyone. I think I'll be mostly lurking tonight, but wanted to send my best to you all.
OH: this joystick sucks
so happy i finished my last paper for philosophy, i hated that class it made no sense
haha as long as I have my laptop back by then ;)
2012 Baseball season is here! #LetsGoRedlegs!
Be one of the 1st 20 people to take a photo of it and send it to us For a Meet and Greet before the show in Koln, Germany!!!
I see your Scotty Brooks & raise you a Vinny Del Negro.
Almost Famous soundtrack-- perfect for this Friday afternoon!
Yes! Donald Driver makes it to the DWTS finals, go Green & Yellow!
Not into the idea of the free market?
Though I can't support Giants fandom, I can support a sunny day at a ballgame, especially with garlic fries.
Our Designer Month starts next Tuesday! Come to our showroom to check out new alternative materials for your next project!
Thanks my daughter & her SAIL classmates enjoyed tour! Her faves: pendulum, anechoic chamber, pool, dorms, time capsule & art work!=)
“: Follow Back”
Going to sell my macpro for the new iMac, must have that 27" beauty!!!
I so miss de old disney wowp, hannah montana, sonny with a chance n more
RT : Smart move :) We'll try for next week.>>>OK....let me know. Have fun with the nasty diapers. :)
Lolla line up.
Do you remember this first time you really really listened to #Chopin?
you too Pat! That was fun
To guard against parity errors causing a switch reload?
affordable CPM rates and a free intro CPC offer + hotel front desk interactive advertising on our Padvertisement iPad ad system = ROI
haha! I saw this on FB and liked it LOL! You don't know what you've been missing Shefty!
follow me please ou god
o, i c you bby.
(While watching That 70s show) Fez: I'd like to park my car in her garage. Hahahaha man that show makes me laugh xD
With each breath, there's a blessing With each beat of my heart, blessing again With each bill, I don't have money today to pay; BLESSING
He Hanging Up And Shit.
some people spend too much money on one day.
I just wanna stay home and cuddle tonight -_____-
Read the word"public" too many times it WILL turn into "pubic". There's nothing you can do to avoid it. Back to Women in the Pubic Sphere.
#HowToKeepARelationship "/ Show yo partner that no matter what the situation is yu DOWN 100% !!
Yeah, I need a wider screen with all the tabs I have open just to social networking. I just try not to repeat myself.
Low-budget here. It works :)
I can't imagine what part thinks its wrong...
If you even slightly understood everything that happened last night.
Awesome idea! Let's do it!
Hillary, you are officially my favorite politician.
I miss them out here. Dee-lish!!! RT : Potatoe oles are so yummy
Thanks! Glad to hear you like
dude you look good today :)
& genesimmons YAY! A BIG congrats to u 2! Luv the show & can't wait to see new season!
Yep. And, again, still lots of room to be optimistic. Offense in 2013 concerns me, but pitching should be very strong.
My professor be rapping that #2chainz #MERCY verse when ever she put my grades ( #GradeA!! A+ ) Dope Shit!
not gonna be so funny when you wake up in the middle of the night and those clowns are staring at you! Hahaha
#LMSunSIG accessibility: could use camera on a translator if one was signing in a course
DavidBrooks:Humility is the execution of responsibility
OK thanks for playing #hgfortune round 1! I'm going to have to cap it here because I'm only one goat, but I will do this again soon! PEACE
Why did you decide to join a startup?
yea i was surprised to hear that! cruise was awesome, i'm sure you'll be hearing stories... hopefully we'll have pics up soon!
he stuffs the stat sheets, which gets him MVPs. But he has won as much as anyone else has.
Sometimes I think overexposure to digital media is the pathway to the obliteration of human consciousness. Then I get on the internet again.
I know pitchers and catchers report today, when do the mascots report? Still haven't gotten that memo yet.
Check out my review of "Full Recovery," a book that looks at alcoholism and addiction. My blog is at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
For whatever reason, I feel I need to now use twitter even more.
Just had spam come into my box for a truck driving school. Title of email: "Hey mom… I want to be a truck driver". Ha ha, oh the shame!
Productive days are always the best :)
Listening to an advance of a record by an old-ish local band that was one of my favs long ago. So far it's pretty good for a comeback album
So happy to be tucked away in the suburbs away from all the protests!
- ah.. cool! too busy remodeling today. Did you do it?
Should have never reactivated my facebook for those 5 minutes.
If the nuggets beat LA it'll be a good night
Not so much; got it just now after activating the beta. -clearbeta flag let me back in to my games.
I'm a stranger to all my exes. Lol, shit.
It's a beautiful day... to list your books on Zapified ;)
25 hours to go...come B Punk now!
Don't be the reason why she can't trust boys
YAY! Mikey Lowell is back with the SOX - where he belongs! It better stay that way!
Remain in HIM
and a HUGE time waster :)
The MLS has a superdraft? What makes a draft super?
That's great! Congrats on the re-release!
so the first time I read this I seriously though you were wearing an actual tank. Not a tankTOP but now I know.
#wwyd if ray ray ask you out on a date?...
will host practice at the Oriole Lane school in Mequon tomorrow Sat Feb 11th from 9-11 AM. New players welcome!
well! lol i sent it via my phone so i wasnt on to check:P
the only way to listen to music...turned up
The snapper was so good from the Chez Guyto Haitian (Miramar, FL) spot!
Does anyone think #bcfootball will win more than 3 games this year?
dolly's "islands in the stream" piped into gate 5 of wichita's airport. elderly-man-w/-oversized-glasses count: 8.
remember last summer when was our friend, & ? how times have changed.
Let me stop bragging about my grades, cus ik I got a lot of dumbass followers that are jealous :).
does it over here it feel sticky
Tonight's WTIA Marketing SIG was another success. Good even focused on Landing Page Optimization!
we can do the remix when you ready
Thanks to new followers and Hope you're enjoying the weather!
Kotsay signs with Padres..I'm a bit surprised.
He'll remain on the air everywhere for years and you'll still be doing this tired "follow the money" bit.
Dark Shadows beats Avengers! Next date night for you and ? :) I'll even buy your tix!
hahah. Does she cut hair? I had no idea that I got his number until two weeks later and i was like uh who the fuck is that?
I just wish I was a guy in theatre
Yale public domain collection object images are available online in sizes up to 200MB TIFFs for members of the general public.
ok gotcha
How do IDs build agile processes that work community model with feedback and ratings into content dev process?
something is always wrong with you!
stopped by for a visit & brought Starbucks! Wow, what a great #nwindiana colleague & friend!
THANKS for promoting us at Premier k9 today! We hope your doggies enjoy their slobber snaks! 🐶
your class can't be that bad. And What happened to the online classes??
Lamb is the man tonight!
My thought is, in long run, Tigers are worse off if he has full no-trade.
Tea time has been officially called for 4 PM today -- right after we pick this week's free raffle winner. Everyone is welcome. Tea & snacks!
I need someone who knows they wanna be wit me.
I need to date a boy who lives near where I work, so he can bring me chinese food. Current dude lives in Novi. But he has a kitten...
Getting ready for the build week, digging foundations!
Nice!RT : The NFL may bring in female officials next year. Finally, Jay Cutler won't be the only pussy on the field. Ga-zing!
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber kill myself.
They just pronounced "chipotle" CHI-POL-TEH-LAY on the food network. Is that correct? Inquiring Pop Tartz want to know.
On a mission to drink lots more water each day. Thanks for making it easier and a lot more flavorful!
you just log in and see? It doesnt send you annoying ass emails?
via : just got dropped from SL. Keeping up with the audiocast from the web. Frustrating.
I think the fact that I even offered to make you cookies is 'good enough'
MT : Sen. Tomassoni invoking North Stars and Lakers as examples of teams MN lost because it wouldn't build new facilities.
Proud to say I worked out 's rejected mock headline over a fine sushi dinner
Listening to the COO of Any Lab Test Now talk about a social media nightmare. Cyber stalking is scary stuff!
I hate when people stare at the gym. Tryin to concentrate here.
your RTs make me laugh haha ghetto yet so on point.
XXII, yeah? Gorgeous, Amazing, Top-Class. Oily top like a leaky BP well but that's just aesthetics. Gotta wait 4 next year's.
hell yea. nice work. enjoy the event! sounds like a blast.
TY! RT: : #FF some of our newest discoveries in the Southern USA + Western Canada:
"At the incredible pace most of us live, the arrested image becomes of maximum necessity." - Dennis Stock
Fire alarm!!
It seems like we've been getting compared to Voivod a lot lately. There's some truth to that probably.
RT "You can’t argue with a good blow job"...George Carlin. Why would anyone even want to??
I nvr sleep anymore ... oh well imma keep grinding..
die bitch nigga bitch nigga die violence
policy & program director Stephanie Altman delighted to be in #DC for Health in Mind
Yeah, that's what I'm afraid of. I need a good Tech Services topic for a paper and I thought it would be more fun than cataloging.
Thanks Justin. Just wrapping up a custom Fb app and wanted to make sure we get indexed.
It's my Friday!!!! Woo hoo!!! So pumped for my first real vacay in 5 years. Hope I meet Nelly.
I would love to! Someday maybe.
pardon me sir?
If your boyfriend is a rapper or singer, fuck him to his own music.
Agreed, India is a good eg. RT : It is a sad state of affairs when there are more people w/mobile phones than electricity or...
#FF Go follow our personal accounts!
did you read all of it?
Tryin to catch up on some z's was at childrens all damn night
but whatever im just gonna say sorry for bothering you because i have talked to you ling enough may to long peace out hater
Happy Monday to all! How was everyone's weekend?
Yep, already have my 3 finalists picked :-) Ms. Mississippi and Peru are 2 top picks of mine
This is one of those afternoons where it feels like things will be okay hopefully nothing ruins it.
This is exactly why i didn't want you to help. I knew from the start it wasn't a good idea.
hey. You need to check us out. I think you'll love our music :)
this is the best week to work. Nobody around to bug you, trains are sparsely populated.
#ReplaceBandNamesWithRape Raping Alexandria
huh. Didnt know.. thanks for heads up
I'm always going to picture you guys in your NYC apartment sitting on the floor, nerd bonering over stones.
I watch it like every morning!! :)
Is that a shot at ? RT : get off my dick now plz.
Think little goals and expect little achievements
All Over Printing Special for February: $10 each for 100 pieces on American Apparel Style 2001, 1 Color Waterbased All Over Front Print.
Arts & Crafts today in the form of a marketing mailing. So excited to get these out to my peeps!
I really need a sister I've been on the phone with my big bro Troy running it talkin bout sports he forgot I was a girl ROTFL
Out bread has fruit in the blend... does that qualify for whole wheat or white... or neither!?
omg they are getting it!!! Keep the radio format, bring a round table and go live with the old crew.
Wow, interesting! Maybe I should try it out. (I confess, I still have yet to see I...)
RT : What to look for in 4th quarter? Go Daddy takes its 2nd shot; in Skechers spot; one more for Bud Light.
isn't that kinda typical for CBS? Some if ABC's look ok... But their upfront trailers were badly done/edited.
Attention NAWBO Members - share the link to your Facebook page here so NAWBO can connect with you there and promote your page here.
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Facebook when you order & get a 20% discount TODAY!
melo did all that for nothing.
We make videos for local businesses and I think we could make some great ones for you!
I just want this week to end
Tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it!
You know that's right!!!
haha, sounds like a plan.
The lion scares me.
stop calling me Jesus
The right wing makes it so easy to call out their hypocrisy. Waiting for defense of Romney's offshore accts so his wife could stay home...
bout to hit some tracks wit cam'ron
Have you met Brienne yet?
Trying to get fully awake. Took an hours long nap after work yest. Fishing on lake this afternoon. Not enough time for too many things.
Big credit for those assistants at WSU always out there working the road, &
Hey, coach, are Bobby Knight's past criticisms of Calipari warranted?
oh, well whatever floats ya boat ha
That's funny right there. RT : So would playing a game of 22 players lit on fire right at kickoff. Doesn't mean it's a good idea.
It's just not good football.
Gossip girl - take me back to NYC! Why are we in LA :(:(
what's good big bro?
When yu livin' wrong, it's hard to sleep right...
search you tube for We lovd Arsenal, we do. Many examples
when is your birthday? :) love you!
Good Morning Virgins!
I am starting to realize that i get barely anything done while i am on twitter.
Arrived at the university this AM to find half the campus--MY half--without water. Amazing how quickly things went downhill from that point.
A huge thanks to for extending an invite to the Young Professional in Foreign Policy for last night's
I know!! Like seriously!!
#DanHuberty won 78% in early voting!
yep, is not only a genius magician but a thoughtful genius magician
": 111 million people watched the 2012 Superbowl. 650 million are watching this Man U vs City regular season game."
Mention Twitter at ROUFUSPORT & your 1st month is FREE & we'll take 50% off the enrollment fee!! Ask about our family plans!! 414-453-5425
My girlfriend got mad when I called her by her new nickname "cum dumpster" I dont get it its a term of endearment!
Thanks for the follow - back at ya! Jo
Fuck that shit b! Lmao RT : u need the Nike fuel tho or did u reach ya goal already? lol
no1 ever txts me call me or tweets me anymore
Trivia tonight Free, 21+, 7:30pm. Practice Question: What is Africa's largest country? No Cheating
Perhaps I should try this DrawSomething...? It is not my tendency to "play", but this could be my forte. Yay or nay?
Shannon: Kenzie tell Auntie Nannon who you look like more, mummy or daddy? Kenzie: no... ELMO!
Crews resume search for missing Portland woman at Table Mountain today at 7am. Say her chances for survival are still good..
No matter what anyone says about the justice system and Casey Anthony verdict, am I allowed just to be feeling more than a little heartsick?
We're so happy to hear you enjoy it! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Glad you liked it :) Thank you for the mention.
you didn't zing me until the "interesting" and that's when u got me good and really embarrassed me.
where you from bruh
"Formula for success: Rise early, work hard, strike oil." ~ John Paul Getty
Definitely almost face planted on my walk home. #donttextandwalk LOL!
My before and After Shot is awsom,e
really ? you think that you come before your own family ? all you are, is a fucking piece of shit & a FAILURE as a father ! #gtfoofmylife !!
#OperationCondor has taken flight.
my email is .edu
etf fan, eh? it was better with ronnie, true or false?
Incidentally, when Klein's DOE used public $$$ to create "oppo file" on , he was not being a mensch.
I use Pinboard, and I like it a lot, but the problem is really with me.
hahahahaha no way! :P I'm in Slytherin. :)
Wilders' opinions=unsavoury to Muslims=potential incitement. Same logic: every jew, homosexual and uncovered woman a potential inciter
everyone is getting pregnant and having babies....... and I'm jealous
6/11 1:40 AM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Teddy Smith
I wonder what you meant by all of that you said today. We're you really joking?
Surprised former #Badgers center Peter Konz has slipped this far in draft, but not every team needs a center. Have to think he'll go soon.
Date 14. Drinks and some sort of surprise activity. Pray for me people!
#TRADhome yes, many congrats and can't wait to meet u all thurs
I'm gonna die
sorry, we don't have the textbooks for COP 2510 and 2930 on reserves or in the USF collections
we miss u also rock da house in springfield!!!
I hate those unrealistic movies where women are friends
thank you!
!! so no more earl of sandwhich in downtown disney?!? btw hopeless records was a bust :|
we still talking about mowing lawns or border control... Cause either way I'm used to it
It don't bother me.
Times Readers Inundated by False E-Mail on Subscriptions
“ I stand by it. I am even willing to speak at the school if anyone is interested. Don't worry no one is interested.
Sunday: coffee, laundry, & web analytics.
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo trying on ten different outfits just to end up wearing the first one you tried on. LOL
better get your news caster to apologize!! There are some offended Indians fans over here!!
Good luck tomorrow
Have serene day, Fellow Tweeters! Peace out.
Hoes will hoe Bitches will bitch
Hi , you might have to replace your unit, call customer support at 1-888-425-6739!
Ya feel meh? Nobody ever feels meh.
you should bring and with you!!! I miss my Sisters!
yeah right, that's a good one! Lol
Saw "The Lucky Ones" this weekend... me and giggled like teenage girls ha
Dear flight 768 since I have to be in the middle please put good people next to me at least
Wishing you a successful week. :)
. says Facebook is the size of the web in 2004. That's perspective.
Landed in SF. #oscon was awesome! Now to write it all up and start planning for next year.
A qualified yes? A remediated representation of it, but missing physical-world component. (Now 20 secs.)
I can fly man!!! u cannot destroy my dream!
The Best Christmas Gift Would Be A Broncos Win & A Raiders Loss!
Okay so you all have until tomorrow at 5:30 pm EST to send stuff to me for the video. I get home from work then so ill be making it then!
This is leading to an 'I'm nearing Uranus' joke, isn't it?
Haha. It's all yours, man.
Almost died when I heard One Thing on the radio. Not okay.
Every one Follow help them get more followers.! #TeamWonder and
I think I have learned what is important to an association planner! Just listen.
$2.50 Bud Light pints ALL NIGHT!!!
No bubble for me!
Finally Kentucky Basketball season, greatest time of the year
I agree wit U . People need 2leave U alone !!!! Jus kno im here for U .
yeah like me rite
Frequently disappointed with those that will not own their failures as fervently & responsibly as their successes.
": You were born to be real, not perfect. You are here to be you, not someone else."
See you there?!
It'd mean the world to me if you followed back<3
Alright! Tomorrow we will start. haha
that makes two of us lolbvs!!!
Dont wait! Buddy's has all you need to complete your Holiday shopping. Check out our Computers, TV, Furniture
Can't wait for Paul to pull a victory tomorrow. :-)
God has BIG plans for Ms. Victoria! :-)
Farmers market and eating pizza w/ , recording a hilarious podcast, and diving into the third #HungerGames book
And here it comes... the struggle to write the conclusion paragraph.
Congrats Jr on 2nd wish it could've been 1st
hope the same can happen to me someday :]
Magician Chris Bolter is going to be up soon...
I did it.. Finally gave in and downloaded words with friends app.
laughing...just realized you were talking about dog's behavior on this date
that's strange. Hmm. Does it need to be cross platform compatible? Cuz OS Extended (Journaled) reacts best in OS X obviously..
you got Sweat?
Watch Commission meeting live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
No more GCB?! Boo!
Day number 8 of ONLY listening to Boyz II Men while I take my shower
if the heat lose again, then you know that's gone happen.
Studio with today
My alarm must love my sleep time but hate my work time
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle no guy has to admit to being your boyfriend when you do something stupid
yeah, i think so. either this week or last. possibly about getting some work in.
sorry, not going to make it :( Cinco de Mayo festivities!
good morning Greg! Great pics- I'm working sunrise shift today and am deliriously tired... How do you do it??
Great day to shop for floors!!! :)
finally got around to hearing the new EP. Solid as always, brother.
"Boss's Day" is on Monday, October 17 Why don't we make it "Stick it to your bosses Day"
if you really are a serial killer you're probably gonna break my camera because you're so damn ugly
followed babe :)
Thank you for the shout out!
I Really HATE #Sendoffs :/
I just finished a 5.03 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
LBJ what a pass
Folks climbing up the bank of I-10 to snap photos of the massive crowd.
Hey guys, great job and so glad you finally got the win. Rooted for you even though you're from Chicago.
Hey, Superstar! When are you and Yvonne going to come to Santa Monica for a field trip to the Polish deli?
Yeah, crazy week but looking forward to checking it out. Thank you sir!!!
Okay!!!! Why is all my friends in school calling me talking about OMG Bahja and Princeton got into an argument mm I don't believe them tho
500 new followers in the past 9 days... You keeping up?
HOW MUCH DO U LOVE UR GRANDERZ
That's why I don't be fuckin wit Chicago clubs...either gta fight or get raped!! SMH
First pun in #SOTU history? Cry over spilt milk?
I guess it's almost official, Tuesday the house is no longer mine.
Wow it's quiet over on your side of the hallway today.
whatchin tv.o what r u eatin
Time for bed. My 5th cycle project went really well tonight. Got an 89% on it! :) Mixing session is next!
Singing a couple songs tonight in Hermosa beach at Club 705!
is still in?
Claire: I have argued that the OCLC database has a chance to catch up!
yu failed me
Well that's pathetic.
Aubree is super cute, darling. No wonder, she looks like you.
Id seriously the stupidest show on TV. This just shows ANYBODY can act. Shame on Disney channel to put on such garbage.
Madonna can't even lip-synch convincingly anymore.
Thanks for sharing your great piece.
My doctor told me that I have ADHD but when I got home and checked, I still only have basic cable. Lying bastard!
ewww you're a Mets fan????
Go spurs Go
Will the metro close at midnight still if caps game goes to 3OT? Funny to think of thousands of people stranded in Chinatown.
What is my shopping list for this?
Ooh, bucket list! One day.. #NFLdraft I will be there.
Leonardo da Vinci Anatomist exhibition at Buckingham Palace
it's shooting now, may 2013
Great to have one in downtown Louisville!
wrong question....
Um yes! But not this Sunday because I'll be out of town! But definitely in two Sundays from now! Yay!!
RT If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.”—John Maxwell
I find that the most challenging part of my job. I just do the best I can to demonstrate how and show features
ok I did my part. Your turn.
back in #seattle! is gonna rock this year
HELL YES! <3 RT : Now that you're back..CHECK OUT GOODBYE COASTLINE. You're gunna fall in love :)
Scott Pilgrim could take over my world...lol
OMFG. i walked in my english class and someone was eating it. I didn't have to even put it in my locker. fml. it was melted.
Who would like to see a funny brain teaser that has been going around Facebook today!?
yay i cant wait to meet you! :)
And I happen to know that at least two of the four Dot libraries are just dismal.
Tony just mentioned someone baking cookies for him and for a second I thought he was gonna have the Big-O right on air...
Warm ups on and the count down to the drop of the puck vs St Cloud is less than 20 minutes away.
It' s my birthday today yayyy May 12 th !
Hello December
haha fiancé would love a dog that big! He's 6'3 so not little pups for him lol
Feel good to be me :)
buy me candy >:D
she has '165 grandchildrens'. that's a lot of twitter followers! “: I had no idea she had the Twitters. This is frightening.”
wait wait wait there is an avocado twitter account now? OMG EXCUSE ME WHILE I GO PISS MYSELF.
U kno i heard....those asians think its cool to b able to talk to the europeans n americans...
You're welcome...and that's a nice way to start of my week...RT : G'morning hugs and thank you for the RT
Good point, : None of the men who think parenthood is THE MOST IMPORTANT JOB IN THE WORLD seem willing to do it FT themselves.
I bet you want to Free Mumia.
let the ignorance begin!
glad we can close that chapter! :-)thank you!
I am way to happy in the mornings
this is by no means pro wrestling or mma... mma is a mixture of various fighting styleshat requires years of focus and training
OMGoodness, we talk about need and want ALOT in this house especially if you didn't want it, you wouldn't be upset right now
Loll. For real. She wont shutup
If you didn't know, buttered bread dipped in soup is divine. But you probably knew.
You think Yan can cook? Well, then you've never had the treats prepared by Makes Yan's food look like a trip to golden corral
is that recent? Are you growing out your hair? Looks longer than I remember.
aha ok you soo that (:
awww . :/ get better fast ! remember give my name out once your over there . ;D lol I'm so happy for you !
I wish those people would email me back about the cat.. ahh i want it so bad..
The Kinect sensor's microphone collection enables the Xbox 360 to conduct sound source localization and ambient noise suppression.
On My Mind, All Day, Angle Angle (new), and Not Just You :)
Your welcome ^_^
Should never have prematurely called the Pittsburgh winter a big sissy.
I think they thought I was someone else
True. Although Mark Z pretty much IS Facebook.
LOL gotta love you, Jamie :)
words to live by. Thanks for sharing.
Congrats on your final, and congratulations on your anniversary!
-sigh- the Saints were so close ]:
#CheckItOut was alright tonight. In other bedtime news, there are a lot of new selections on Netflix #RecentlyAdded. Nigh nigh
This new Indie Burger joint in Chicago should only be so named if the beef was raised by Pitchfork editors or Bon Iver.
NOT- Lose My Mind (freestyle)
Just ran 8 miles in a hour and tens minutes. Feeling awesome.
no signal! after party
The Neil Gordon Trio will be at ENSO this Friday, April 15, from 8:00 to 11:00 pm. Come and out and enjoy terrific food and fine music.
RT : Amazing work!! RT Just fucking killed it at My dude is murkin shit now!!!!!
: kick my leg?
so apparently saying dont touch my stuff or go in my room dosent mean anything anymore
Almost certainly true. RT : Must be the only person in the world putting a goose to bed while wearing black tie.
And now you're just somebody that I used to know.
hi! so exciting.
Peppers Broad Ripple has $.25 drinks all night! Ludicrous!
how much personal tension is there between Rory and Westwood?
"Angel Eyes"- by is awesome! I can't wait to perform it for my audition in Nashville!
Wisconsin is a rough place to travel to what with all the quality beer, excellent cheeses, and reasonable weather.
Dunno honestly I'm not with them anymore. I'd love to see it, but up to them to do it.
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! Hope to see U in 2012 #feelthelove fr
well that sucked ! Yankees lose to Texas
copper first ab tonight and is playing left
What kind of Wow?
when did it come out? I bought it in 2000 or 2002 on cd
#AustinMakeANewCover I Miss them ):
Dear, Starbuks Coffee. I wanted you to go in my mouth not on my shirt and pants. I guess next time.
oh ok...i may have to work...but i def dnt mind going still
To your bartender well tonight.
haha omg i've never had anyone scared of me... well, not that i know about i guess!!
While dinner cooks: working on tomorrow's blog post. Doing my best to juggle the Big Move and my creative life :)
ha ha too funny
Responded to FIRE @ 816 Greene Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11221 and helped 10 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
sorry but payphone sucks!!!! I love you Blake Shelton
daw my doggie wants to cuddle wif me tonight. 🐶💜
new song #blessings is beautiful and touches your heart! She is an amazing singer and friend!
I want to go to there. RT: COMING IN MAY—A major retrospective of Roy Lichtenstein’s career.
Nonviolence avoids not only external physical violence but internal violence of spirit: you refuse to hate. MLK, Jr.
"Love, peace and soul."
thx...hoping it's just severely bruised. def following RICE for now.
Tomorrow after school, we'll hit the hill and get up shots at Fonde'.
should stop by game before u head south!
Good Luck! RT Sat in a Chevy Volt! Great car!! Hoping to win one via
rough morning here too! But it's ok.
it told me that h laughed so hard when u saw this of me I didnt check the link
Best deals on poker stuff!!! www.eproducts4less.biz
I really thought today was going to be my day to go without crying.....
donate plasma
Must see Magic Mike. Comes out June 29. Doubt I will find anyone to see it with me though haha
I'll be officially moved back to McHenry Wednesday night after my sisters graduation ceremony!!
Fuck my life. i cant use a damn spoon.
thanks will do.
True gentleness is founded on a sense of what we owe to him who made us and to the common nature which we all share. It arises f
who is shooting a movie? A real one or a crap one?
If you want to sell your car, van or truck fast for cash, we will give you TOP DOLLAR with no hassles.
little early do Yankee tweets ps Marchand should have two now
No friends,
That is a tough one. It does get annoying but at the same time it brings awareness to certain issues quickly
wow hey long time ya sorry the Packers are at home
That awkward moment when and say almost the exact same thing at the exact same time...
Wishing you a very Merry Christmas!
Young Adult
I ordered a white Simone cardigan from you and it had a stain on it! should I bring it into a store or send it back to you guys?
i like the other way better =]
#Debt: any fragile economic instabilities we face as nations, will always be especially hard on the poor. Let your conscience be your guide.
Beautiful blog post, made me all weepy (tho that's standard these days). Really, really happy for you. Congrats! Yay babies!
u don't know that!!!
Tinker bell is my world . .
Prepare your plan of action and strictly follow it
RIAA has never admitted this. Unauthorized reproduction of even 1s and 0s you own violates 106(1), some have said. So, fair use?
I wish I was a cat. Yolnt.
Park City is awesome! One of the best spots in the USA for snow sports.
So depressed cuz i cant go see in milwaukee. I love you cody!!! And ive cryed so much because i really want to go support you
Be Hurry follow if not follow yet and get followed
Celtics Game Baby (:
I think it's the cutest thing when my mom calls and asks me how to spell 'economics' so she can write a comment on
I just LOVE doing Math homework on a Monday!
I have absolutely no idea what you're referencing 😔
It's all a facade!
J.R. your very welcome. Looking forward to your tweets.
#InstantFollowBack I FOLLOW BACK IMMEDIATELY DESPITE MY SLOW INTERNET LOL!
No ride to court tomorrow I'm going to jail smh
is there a webcast of last week's show available?
Geeky project du jour: Putting to use the stockpile of old receipts by plugging them into a grocery price book.
Bounding over the waves sheproceeded rapidly on her course
I think Im going to start tweeting productively, starting with regurgitating all the nutrition stuff I read about
I really don't know the chick that sits on the other side of me well enough for her to tell me how she peed her pants in a taxi last night.
As a kid I got a Jack McDowell cassette tape for Christmas. Still listen to it. Cant find on cd.
think of the possibilities!!! Gosh that would be fun!!! We'd tear this city UP!
im pure mexican! Wow ure chinese and filipino..cool..do u speak both languages?
do the Ravens even know they need a wr?
To continue our #WW & a Fav of ours Thnx
Crazy finish. Owls come back and won by 1
Cradling this coffee like a newborn. Asleep? fuck you.
Im chaffing......fml. 3 more hours to go.... keepin me alive.
I'm sure it's adorable. I'm putting in a request for more ice cream recipes. We got the Kitchenaid attachment for Christmas.
Flight attendant literally just said, "the flight time will be FOREVER, 2 hrs & 50 min."
VISIT YOUR CHURCH LAST YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME. I ENJOYED IT. CANT WAIT TO VISIT AGAIN. THANKS BISHOP BRONNER
well let me know when u get it up & running so I can check u out...
What a beautiful sight. Is it football season yet?
I dont get you sometimes You do what u do but have problems wit what i do & dont even talk to me bout it. Assumptions will ruin good things
When your eyes are so dry they feel as if they're going to fall right out of your head.
Me too RT : So tired I can hardly stand it. It's as if the entire week just caught up with me Right. Now.
i thought beliebers were a family? now we're fighting? hm.
simply addicted to each other <3
And a dude fell into the fountain
so did the meeting cancel and you watch the game? Have to say i was glad Bayern won.
Surprisingly enough, I think a decent amount of people are coming to our show wed. night@ The Mix. Hurray for weekday drinkers!
caramel shit i wish :)
I am trying really hard right now...
Need 2 Hit Me Up Wit Summo Of Dem Dealzzzzzzzzzzzz
are you at the official draft party???
When u try to kill a spider on ur headboard and miss... and it disappears. Great, imma sleep just fine. Not.
Of course! Xx
i have sprectros and knights
watch some you tube videos or read about that dude that got 30 kids and pay each mom $1.49 child support per month
I have my old driod!
OK, you win for most awesome day ever!
We need men who can dream of things that never were. - John F. Kennedy
Walmart In Bloomington . <<<<
I'm Being A Doggy Groomer Today :)
So proud of all my sisters graduating today!
ok. I'll be sure to check it out! What do I go to though! Lol
I believe they are both back up and running.
Just voted for our favs in Boston's #munchmadness. Who did you vote for?
Congrats! RT : I won tix to the Yanks in September. Wahooooo! Right outside the Trinity Church.
2 blondes walked into a bar...
I hate to think all you have of me is a memory I left you, space between what was meant to be and the mess that it turned into
I can only retweet others because I'm too nervous for original thought right now.
No matter what you do on the computer you always end up on twitter, youtube or facebook.
really wants some celebrities to follow me. (:
Dope Artist + Hard work = (National Superstar)
Follow #MomInspired. Party starts in 30 minutes! Can't wait :)
The Taken are the newest addition to the Interscope record family!!!
That is good, yes. It's also like 40% of the true capacity of their home stadium, so there's that.
In Portland Oregon for the National Association of Counties Conference.
she has panic attacks at being spontaneous
it's good!
So true! After my journey to TT due to , I realized my Mr. Pibb was extra tasty because of the awesome ice!
row row row your boat gently dwn the strem throw ur friends off the boat and listen to them scream! >x-)
hahahah that was so funny! But it's true. #honesty #bff's 😏
You're cute:) follow me?<3
;) yeah what he said! : SA is the 7th largest city in the US, SF the 13th. Just saying.
BRANDON SAAD IS PLAYING? Amazing!
Piano recital
It's funny okay like I was laughing when I wrote it hdhi
John Lu dressing like a nerdy asian doesn't make you a hipster or in style. Just making it easier for racists
Ladies your weave shud b shampooed @ least every 2 wks Cuz nobody wants to lay next to a MUSTY CRUMBY weave! Thnx
Please pull through this sheridan! You are soo loved
Gym time!! Oh and it's payday.
Just had a great 1st set ever with Edi Gbordzi & Projkt Timbukale @ Fair Trade Coffee, State St, Madison. Passing on
it's all about football, basketball and baseball in the ATL. Our hockey team moved to Canada last year.
I have three words for this class.
Let's put some positive news on the Brewers website... that thing's bringin' me down!
do the 'Skins know what they are doing? trade the future away and franchise a player who was suspended 4games.
whatever the heck just happened was apparently enough to warrant an alert on tv.
Has a cut on the side of my eye. #ouch #inpain it hurts to blink. O.o
Love the Mickey Mouse club bring it back
#FF Have a wonderful weekend!!!
Yeah...I think so too. But I might be projecting b/c I wonder where Jameer falls in all this.
a must watch for everyone! Heartbreaking and a tough watch..thank God they dropped the R rating!
story of my life paid to be bored as f***
Starbucks makes a morning so much better ! ☕
boring day today. D: still grounded fawk!
can't wait for wednesday, because #americanidol and . i wish that boy would follow me!
Hahahahaha, go way to call out Simon! Agree that Simone is not a $5 million dollar contestant.
Songs about Stockholm + references to Gram & Emmylou? , where have you been all my life?
Benny Benassi Tickets for this Saturday at Myst plus Eric Schafroth's birthday i got them in my hand text me asap $25 per Ticket!!
I've dated too many guys that chew... I actually really like the smell of
2 am. Still working. Boring tweets. Over it.
Ok, so, every time I post an article from LinkedIn it looks like spam? I'll be sure to ad synopses from now on...
To all my friends. I love you! I would like to say a prayer for all of you today. May God give you all your hearts wishes and dreams be done
Haha Nice. Cool shirt.
thanks! Have fun
hey hey that wasn't a very long stickam chat
Guess I don't need to meet with that penthouse realtor after all
Haha whatever that's a lie last time you said anything to make you not* happy -___- haha
So happy it is Friday...can't wait to for the weekend! :)
lets work
following the #rsac #botnet session from Redmond
i really wanted to dress up as a cat tonight :(
#FF to all of my followers. :)
I think so too!
how can constituent who encountered systemic incompetence& corruption in CA family justice system talk to staff in ur office?
I am the Mayor of I 35
Hey people with 5,000+ followers, you should probably have made a Wikipedia page for yourself by now.
yeah that was incredible...that dude sounded like he was playing 3 instruments at the same time!
Last week they called him "The magic they have been waiting for" ...
I love my grandma with her short self lol
I THINK IM DIGGING THIS EVO 3D !!!
Guterman: Health care legisl had 1st fed funding ever for home visiting services. A good baby step.
more like cowards because they can't face the truth, and stand to look at the others person's face without feeling shame.
RT : #SuperBowl nothing wrong with this game a debris caution can't fix.
I already knew your answer. But let me ask you this. What do you think of Roy Jones in his prime?
Might you be able to mention Moore's RFI on Data Intensive Science at #WolframSummit ?? Good crowd, wish I could be there!
Off to school big math test today:/
I'm laughing and is very mad at you...
I see I gain some new followers while I was sleep that's the move!
Gm baby ❌❤
Follow me
When your heart just falls to your stomach because you were happy and never knew you were doing something wrong..:/
New Clutch dates announced.
On a bus in queens, NYC is so gritty wow
Tonight ft At
Woke up wasting my breathe...but you know what, I'm done. New day, new start. Thank you God for being such a provider.
"I havent heard any questions or comments that seem fatal to lorc": live blogging #FDA review of new
Just saw John Lithgow at trestle on tenth. Had a delicious breakfast too.
Never knock on death's door, ring the bell and run away, death really hates that
OK, OK, Maybe I shouldn't say "cred gone." But we are def on different levels, lady.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Conflicts Analyst for their client in Silicon Valley and Boston. The Conflicts Analyst will b…
Not sure if it's due to crowds, but CM's are really restricting movement through the lights. Lots of blocked paths.
Researching website accessibility. What are people's favorite checklists and guidelines?
I'll always give you something you can quote.
Houlihan's is closed and will be reopened as Hot Dish this Friday. Sorry for the inconvenience!
yes! I agree. We must.
''I'm not sure I can pour acid in your face'' ''It's okay, just don't get it in my eyes.''
showing your junk? I'm so excited to be hash tagged! Lol
well... There's my blond moment 4 the week. I need to dye my hair #artificialintelligence :-)
hm, app cloud
I know right. You acting all celebrity like.
You are so lame, whatever. We will go without you and have a blast. :p
thanks for the RT, have an awesome day
my inbox
your dad works for CNN?
If I'm the Pens, I stop running it up. You don't want to be on the ice for 20 mins with an angry, nothing to lose Flyers team. Right?
ZooKeys paper submitted!!
- Thanks for the follow. Blaze
I will! Thx! Have fun at the Super Bowl!
The first time I heard U2 I was driving down the highway in Panama and New Year's Day was playing.
Great job! Keep it up!
#HIRED Congrats Ty, look forward to seeing you this summer!
Confession #8: When I was younger, I always cried when someone said, "I'm telling on you."
Good morning! Off to Yankee Stadium we got for All-U commencement! #graduation!
when u have the chance please see way I wrote on your wall on Facebook (:
Just got back from the hardware store where I inadvertently played the perfect stereotype of an airheaded woman. Should've eaten lunch.
YES! One big family tree <3
oh man
just like an "ad guy" to be focused on the commercials.
I'm gonna ruin my slushie with vodka
Congrats on finalizing your deal with your new apartment. Welcome to the neighborhood!
The world would be a boring place without
I couldn't...I couldn't find the temperature.
We'd be happy to help you with this! Shoot us an email at
Get Ready for Spring Break! Head to Marquette Tan and Laundry any day before noon and tan for just $5!!
I'm not sure who will eventually invent oil's renewable energy replacement, but I'm fairly certain Al Gore will take credit for it.
Sleep Tip of the Week: There should be no television, radio, or music playing while your child is going to sleep. If you have a good...
you too!
Now featuring winner of Christian Album of the Year, Janice Faber and her album Measures of Grace at SoloPiano.com!
DBS is playing across the street at The Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at City Walk at 8pm. Maybe we can hop over after!
Damn - feeling worse as the day goes on. Crashing so hard when I get home.
The holidays are quickly approaching!!! Reserve the clubhouse to hold your holiday gatherings. Contact the leasing office for details.
ah yes that would make it pretty awesome lol
Audition craziness up in here! Another one down and one more to go tomorrow. I like this busy business. 🎥🎬
when u going to text me
OK, I need to stop doing nothing, turn off the computer and sleep
my inner thighs are getting so muscular they kinda smash my balls when I walk. Anybody else have this problem? Lol
can I borrow your Nickelback CD?
Wow, poor Ken Foree is in this? Oof.
Any mke #runners heading down to the Chicago Polar Dash sat.? #DNation will be there and so will our awesome mentor !
S/O DJCITI from the CitiTeam movement
so this morning is terrible…been up since 3 working on stuff…then i get in my car 2 go 2 school & get around the corner 2 notice a flat tire
Robert Spano and Todd Nichols, Welcome to Bonamour! Your in good hands with S. Kain!
Are you in Hattiesburg
Sad Face
Thanks for your excellent response!
Dumb twitter app doesn't show my tweets!!
Cleveland, please be safe.
no problem - those were some wild statistics!
So Dwayne wade n lebrom James are playing ball the weekend I'm going to horror nights
Thanks for that! Lol
Okay Hokies...lets pray...I seen Hokies come back before.. we can still do it.
I'm in the UC.
i like google plus, but i don't use it. maybe that's why i like it. seems everyone i know is either scared of it or outright hates it.
you alright???
I'm so slow on the uptake these days, but...new Twitter name?!? Love it, it sounds like a BET show.
Can #Facebook buy #Twitter and take over???
all of the above.
Time to mow the lawn -.- #WheresMyWifebeater?
God. Yes.
Been down about the whole playoffs thing then I realized hey atleast I don't look like and I still have you
I don't want to be your favorite or your best. I want to be your only one and make you forget the rest.
#ChernobobylDiaries looks fantastic
Brown paper packages tied up with string, what are a few of your favorite things. Tell the
i am SO in love with 's new record. it is absolutely phenomenal.
looking forward to my $6 glass of wine! room on the patio??
Life makes love look hard
Time for big banh theory
Come what may.
omfg! bitch you dumb
thanks bud, always appreciate your support!
TDK Corporation Announces Multilayer Ceramic Capacitor Sample Kits
It's bad enough I naturally look like 15.. Now being sick I sound like I just hit puberty. Lol picture me tryna get a drink tonight smh
I challenge you to any game bro, can you drive yet(LOL)? If so road trip to FL. HU poker, 1on1 tennis/bball n amaretto shots!!
Every meeting is in a hotel that is in a city that is in a state. Hard to find location where all 3 are controversy-free.
Microsoft to Issue a Dozen Updates Next Week for Windows, Visio
RT : my sister just did the absolute most, but that what birthdays are about. I love her!<<<aww I love Yall 2 Muah
haha that's so weird like everyone from r town did
PLEASE tell me it's not an all-female class, Hill!!!
is there a band?
Fabulous job by Wang leading #Searle discussion on teaching in a globalized classroom
Why do people drive aggressively in areas they've never been before? Oh yeah, fear.
I heard that's really good. Verdict?
. I bet also forgot to mention The Guyver.
*skirt* .-. My dress keeps going up when i walk -____-
If it's sexy to leave a little to the imagination, my snuggie is dangerous...
Indiana's poet laureate to read her work at Purdue University Calumet 11 a.m. today, Y Jean Chambers Hall, 353 Student Union/Library Bldg.
Every Sat we'll pose a question to our viewers and ask for their 2cents on the topic...#2centssaturday. Make "cents" now? :-)
I know. It probably does.
And . . . here we go! #DesignBizChat for the month of May! Welcome everyone!
in a bizarre twist, i appear to be the only one eating the chocolates in the little bowl on my desk.
I am watching the "Grilled Cheesus" episode of Glee... Oh, how I love this show.
Taylor Ashlee have issues lmao !! But I love you too bestie (: <<< this bitch too <3
High fives to Haruki Nakamura, Brent Celek, and for sure...The foundation of a new era of #Bearcat football!
His ass was found GUILTY...
she has fallen in love w/the white gaze & deeply believes black people are inferior. Resistance from Hirsi? Forget it.
shout out ?(:
What am I doing? Come on, stop dealing with Twitter. You don't have much time left!
Wishing it could & it would happen #comeon 😊
Was just behind MA (461 JK6) - blue Nissan Sentra. Brake light is out.
#CGI is using #MarkLogic to revolutionize
#king of the hill
It's Monday and won yesterday!! It is going to be a good week.
Sometimes you watch your mother in action and you're like I'm just like that... In a good way.
anything for psn today sir?
In Arts with my......... Lol he's been hacked
I LOVE YOU(:
Happy birthday, Courtney! I love you, have a wonderful day!
Preview night is this coming Wednesday! Yikes!
Moving, planning to move, or know someone who is? Why not make it a greener move? Mention our Facebook and get 10% off your box rental,...
uh not a clue lol I'll check when I get home! But it was $600 so probably like $300
Sometimes PR can be too fluffy, if you write like a journalist (reporter), you will have more credibility
Hello wall, I have just hit you. It's only 4pm you say? Ok, I'll peel myself off and keep going (not like I EVER stop)...
;-) motivating all the way around!!! Me too, btw!
Absolutely Hilarious! Best street scene ever. I'll follow your Friday night path for cheap entertainment w/ "On Demand".
Lmao like don't text my phone and say don't call u like I care not
Hey If I automatically renewed my membership, do I still get an awesome t-shirt for my kexp collection???
I am attending 2 Celebrations of Life this weekend and my takeaway is putting even higher value on my friends that are there everyday.
What is the difference between a Washington, D.C. politician and a catfish? One is a bottom-feeding scum-sucker and the other is a fish.
Wow did someone really make a twitter with the username ZaynsAvocado.
I'm a little late on this one but I wanted to thank and for the awesome training.
how u doing? :) and will u follow me
When one door closes another door opens, but sometimes were so busy looking at the close one that we dont see the open one <3
already what's the delli
Me and supply the HAM at Christmas dinner
New books on my desk: Albright, Deford and Albright and Deford are coming to the library. Hope Andy will too. :)
#UK is just too good.
Oh heavens, I've never met anyone who uses my all time favorite cologne... Until now!! Uh oh, I might be in trouble
#IfOnly I could drive...
wishing you a POSITIVELY wonderful holiday season
Thanks, how are u by theway?
Farecast is awesome.
No time 4 fakes
bitch shut up
“ “ “ A boyfriend that can tell hoes that he got a girlfriend is a real nigga.”””
Paint on your Ceramic Dinner Plates- Ceramic Painting Project - Art and Craft
well i was on about going in my birthday suit but my teacher said it wasnt a good idea soo ya know xx
Please translate for those of us who do not know Arabic? I'd assume, something to do with Palestine? Thanks.
From Gradhacker: Hacking your academic conference. (Good advice for grad students going to
lol haha well I blew you a kiss
BIG CONGRATS :-) RT : Doh! Out of town that weekend too for the honeymoon!
Goodnight Tony,have dreams of Elementary Penguins~!
Ferrell is kind ripping off Ted Baxter times 2. "Hello Mary, Hello Lou!"
Can't wait!!
because they are great, no? Every try them?
you performed so good today:) I missed seeing your happy energy:), I tried saying hi but you didnt really pay attention lol:)
Making an adamantium reference in a story about nail polish. Thank you, and good night!
I want to cake it this summer!!
Just found out that my birth card is the Ace of Spades!Awesome!Gotta love an Ace of Spades toting Gemini Fire Snake!Danger!;-)
I'm the UsA's Crimson :) Or at least I once aspired to be like they were in late-1990s. Don't know the work out now.
throw in urban farmsteading and that's everyday in Portland
That was an amazing first audition on The X Factor. Get stuck in!
I mean, I thought there was a book in your newest post that had to do with marketing.
since ive lost you im lost too!!♥ - lil wayne -anna
Thunderbolt and lightning Very very frightening me!
Yeah dude Ghost Recon is gonna be good! I hate when things get pushed back, its for the better if they can make the game better!
yes, its called DELETE
Now is a great time to buy farmland or ranchland in central Florida. Contact me and I'll show you.
if kidd-gilchrist comes back, I could see him getting some love. But I think you may be on to something here.
ON THA GRIND- THE SERIES. Coming This Summer.
did you brush your teeth today.....did your pet? a healthy pet means good dental care...and to help we have all dental products 15% off!
That man knows.
omg #IKEA opens tomorrow think i'll wait a couple months!
Customers want quick simple solutions. TalentGuard heads off future concerns, listens to feedback & swiftly adjusts, and focuses on quality.
- there's always next month - Saturday, November 19th
best ideas: 1) fired from Solomon, 2) found good people to start Bloomberg, and 3) allowed them to do by they do best!
regrets really do collect.....Thanks Florence and the Machine.
The Mets Bullpen Is In Shambles Right Now Frankie Cant Throw Strikes So They Should Let Rauch Have A Crack At It
Any rhyming tribute to NORAD this year? Twas epic
Thank you to the 800 followers, spambots, and parody accounts who put up with what I have to say over the years!
Finally! All turnovers are automatically reviewed.
I meant the States? Lol.
you Look so beautiful please follow me :)
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the hell is the ceiling.
Next chick I get better be shooting with me in the gym! lol
": Happy Hump Day! May we suggest a #DietCoke to get over it?" Don't mind if i do :)
i feel like girls have a legit hidden agenda they slick plan evrything out on the low lol
that would be so awesome.
Did anyone else wonder why Matt was taking Liz's son out to see a movie? Aww, that's nice...but...wuzzah???
« You're right.. I am crazy. But you know what else? I don't give a fuck.»
You all looked like you had a good time. Maybe it will have to be a regular halftime feature!
My only bit of annoyance with the BEWARE THE BATMAN cartoon is that I'll have to see all the comments about Batman not being Kevin Conroy...
love this new product line. Güd things really do happen:)
I wonder if real estate agents have conferences and write articles about "the end of real estate"
In bed by ten on a Saturday night, because I am 80. I'd be embarrassed but I'm too tired to work up the energy.
miss u we need to do dinna or a drink!
guys im back
I've seen better. Lol RT: “: What do you think of my new chain bikini?
RT : I have a question what if OEMs allowed us to try the cars on the track before buying as part of the test drive.
oh well I would just use it on the site anyway.
Life check: work in 45 minutes...payday friday...should I go on?
and you guys think you're cool? :)
Please don't let drive you down the #MESSY street that she lives on.
I like that song....lol
oh a new biz, that's muy exciting! Congratulations.
psychotic: loss of contact with reality, usually including false beliefs about what is taking place.
Gray hair is relentless!
I made the decision to move when I was scraping 25" of snow off my car by myself. And I'm only 5'3"
Alex cash money <3
How is everyone doing today? I hope everyone is well and ready to enjoy the weekend
IN LOVE WID MYSELF
have you ever looked at the ADNAN SAKLI case ... Kiddnapped in Italy... Still there and broke .... He owned 27 banks
Would you guys actually BUY Wub One Out Merch if I got it together? Shirts, Hoodies, Stickers, Hats? Let me know!
Maybe he'll make Courier's seniors tour more popular than the ATP...
You were made to break the mold
Proverbs 29:18Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
Tonight we're celebrating at Not sure what we're celebrating, but in Canada you don't need a reason. 19+ to drink!
You probably thought that you'd make me cry but baby it's okay I swear it's okay
Boot Camp workout this morning done...BOOM!!! Who else is ready for an awesome Friday!
more snow in wisconsin... i think someone is trying to send us a message to get the heck out of dodge (milwaukee)
delightfully contentious panel followed by "sly fox" & perogies
thanks Jojo!! Have a great night and don't get into trouble!! You're too lovely to get into trouble!!!
Crew in PC2 realizng that quoting lines from diff movies in a Forrest Gump voice is hilarious. "What? That ain't no country I ever heard of"
Paris Jackson is so pretty
Niggas easily forget where they come from and who was tha nigga lend a helpin hand when he wasnt even able to help his Shep tha St. Rev.
yes! He had a beard and a mustache that curls at the end
Happy birthday to my sister Stephanie hehe love you
Marijuana is not a gateway drug that leads to harder drugs. It's more of a drive thru drug that leads to french fries and frosties
Her waist anorexic but her ass is colossal
Good morning! Let's start this work week with zeal! In the words of Ralph Waldo Emerson, "the world belongs to the energetic" :)
He can follow the tweet stream via the hashtag #smbmad and #uwsocial. Maybe in the future we'll webcast!
DTE SLOW THEN A MF TAKING ALL GOT DAM DAY
Word. Thanks for the info.
Hilarious moment when you see somebody you know on the food network channel. You should of picked her!!
You're the only one I want to be with. Forever. 💜
Just watched being John Malkovich
your heart earrings are done!!!!
Would be great! Keep rockin :)
it's interchangeable, but Keyon Dooling is definitely Craig Ehlo
Sugar Shane bones are made of steel cause he should of got knocked out. Dude is 40years old fighting
Hanging out with my bestfriendc: >>>>>>> hanging out with anyone else
Crazy thoughts, calm actions. SURPRISE!
I always loved the newspaper offices at Tweed when I worked as EIC. It was my favorite place to get quiet studying done!
On the way to 1 touch barbershop
I swear my twitter does things I'm pretty sure I don't tell it to do -_-
Sleeping in your favorite persons shirt <3
Glad you guys liked the mention! We'd actually love to interview you sometime, too!
RT : Snowing in Coast Range. Could see a mix in metro before south winds switch to all rain. Low snows through Thu am
Barefoot in the Park Festival of Fine Arts today til 5pm, Duluth dwntn, noon Zephyr Instrumental concert w/ poetry & dance on the stage
Hey we need to talk. Email or call me please.
FOX NEWS is set up like RUPERT MURDOCH. FOX NEWS turns a BLIND EYE on FACTUAL INFORMATION. ARE they fit to be on the AIR? NLD Mom/ca surv.
Sorry , but we ain't never having no kids. lmao
Back at home. Good times, #marac, good times.
Listen Up! Mike speaks the truth! RT : need to differentiate from brand owned accounts and individual account
What do you know about what NGOs do the field?
Still didn't get a nap. now I'm debating if i really wanna go out tonight
Joy is what happens when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are. Marianne Williamson
am riteing nutella on a pice of paper that how bord jo is
25 cent taps 50 cent rails 1 dollar bombs tonight till 1!!!
thanx check out my new book free preview on my blog click the link on my page. Vanillas Ladies a Detroit based love story
#T4stars live If you could do a song with any artist who would it be?? :D p.s. I love you! <3
Totally saw the driver of an empty school bus drive down the road, open the doors and dump trash out! Despicable! #KeepOurEarthClean!
You may curious to know, how much you get for per tweet? actually its depends on the volume of your followers
The problem with Bootstrap is you can totally tell what uses it, and while it looks good I am already bored with it.
Um you obviously don't know who Is! (;-;)
88 percent of American men and women between the ages of 20 and 29 believe that they have a soul mate who is waiting for them
Great job on the Thai Chicken Salad
Go Green! Get rid of paper coupons! www.zesmo.com
Started in 2008, the August Wilson Monologue Competition is now held regionally in Pittsburgh, New York, Atlanta, Seattle, Chicago and LA
#Santorum leads #Romney by 16 pts. in Wisconsin, according to latest P poll.
Max Siegel will have a base salary of $500,000 annually as CEO of USA Track & Field.
yes for very special PEOPLE!!
Q: Why don't Deputy Fire Marshals look out the window in the morning? A: So they have something to do in the afternoon.
SHUT UP, I'll be in Rome! Would it be acceptable for me to come visit for a weekend??
Ok... First time in 6 years that we swept in Philly!!!! Holler y'all!!!!!
I'm so confused.
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't. What you've got to do is turn around and say Watch me.
I didn't know there was a time limit...we milked it. He's a talker!
We're Hiring! - Full-time, experienced #Joomla Web Developer. Message me for more info & plz RT for ur friends
It's so hard for a person from the south in America to get known for playing hockey! It's not fair an I hope someone sees this I can playpro
You can tell by letting Chalmers taking that last shot they don't have enough confidence to shoot the final shot
It is time to cut the cord.
Could have. Lol
I agree! RT : Best text I've received all day: "If the pee sits, you must acquit."
i'm on my first ride, on a train. :D
trying real hard to keep it in line. in a great mood but feel like i cant handle things. im starting to see were i stand with allot of peopl
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💝
is currently completing my brand new kids puzle of all americas state. I WILL LEARN IT!!!!
Interesting. #SMEM (social media in emergency management) folks. What do you think about Verizon plan to allow texts to 911?
Saturday: Jim Ripp 6pm, Anthony Cao 9pm It's going to be a good night....
Who needs a girl singer? How about a photographer, ebay seller, or a star for your new movie? Oh, and record a couple of my songs. Thanks
Green tea and antibiotics. Does this mean i fail #beerclub ? Once again i waited to long. Pneumonia (spelling) and rest. GOD let me sleep!
Kazu Kibuishi says "my job is to teach kids to read with my drawings."
Baylor girls wear Nike and men wear Adidas. Thought deals were school wide? Seems strange that they don't have same deal.
Why is all this water just lying on the ground?!
Bout to get buck in here
Best place to go shopping for cool guys T-shirts in Denver??? Anyone??
Packed up the car. Ready to go home!
