Great day today w/ Steve Hayes & others from his team at HCG! Onward & Upward!
Friday - The best day of the week. Time to enjoy family, do something fun, kick back, relax - get the creative juices running for next week.
Nice to hear from you! #POD12 planning is going great. Hope all is well with you!
I'm freaking out!!
the goodest sister in the world (that's me, I'm the goodest sister in the world)
Great meeting with regional tourism leaders today for the #nm vacation guide. Looking forward to pulling this show piece together!
Wisconsin Dems lawyer in court today per recall petitions: "No one wants Mickey Mouse to steal this election."
It's growing back!!!!! It's like a jungle now )':
4 rooms - 1 party - catch the #MayweatherCotto on any of our over 25 TVs - each with their own unique atmosphere!
Like every 1st Thursday of the month, see you this December 1st
Looking inspiration to actually follow through on that resolution?
Adams: The key thing to remember about the VA is that its two different agencies: benefits and administration
Remember guys, once we get to 2,000 likes, we'll put up some music for free downloads!
Thank you for your loyalty! We hope you continue to stay with us every year! Have a blast at #ComicCon!!
is my 11 letter word inspiration. :-)
Pardon my pigeon
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city
I SENT THEM OFF TO A FEW LABLES AND TEDDY TOO...SENT THEM TO INTERSCOPE
So, I was actually pleasantly surprised by we bought a zoo. I really really liked it! :)) yay for good movies.
oh my gosh you are so cute you just made my day
The Wanted are on The Today show.
Art Around Adams , June 2nd :-) probably at Cafe 21
Join us tonight at Rok Republic, email for guest reservations
Orioles and Jays engaged in a shitfest of beanballs and caught stealing home.
Whew, been busy at Sojo office. It's okay, we thrive on it! No time to Tweet. Be back soon! Happy weekend everyone!
On the Bump today at 730 at CAL... come out and support
My sportsbetting game is pure rust, but w/ on my twit feed, I zipped over to Southpoint and grabbed the last +3 -110 in town.
Idk she fading away on ah niggah'
Having a good conversation with librarians about fostering curiosity for job seekers at the
thanks again for the bed to crash on this month during your Passover thing. I owe you a beer! This tweet is a redeemable coupon
Love it will not betray, dismay, or enslave you-it will set you free...
Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda have signed on to the #opengov partnership, #opendata initiative
Learn about how HubSpot Social Media Tools make it easier for businesses to engage in social media marketing
yeah it's hard to get noticed by him, but someday I will get noticed.(:
Welcome G..
Looking forward to regional #GivingCircle gathering tomorrow!
You know you've been in school too long when you walk outside and the sunlight hurts your eyes.
ringringggg ring! Hi! Thanks for the follow!! xoxoxox
Snowbird shirt at the bar. , is it you??
Remember to always respond in love.
It was not until then, I realized that it was my lack of accountability and maturity and not to pass blame.
I don't know about this test
I love them thou :D
Lol, I would say the same for every city I've visited too.
The Path Is Already Made..So Walk It...
was fun yesterday cant wait to go again in October! 
Oh Cleveland, the bane of our existence. Wait what?
Computer shutdown on me and lost my full 20 page research paper even though it was saved. Sometimes I detest technology.
‎(2/2) on Comcast 25 from 7:30 - 8:30p.m to discuss her up coming children's book "One Day I Got Lost" published by Tumaini Publishing.
that's for sure!!
The 3 seconds I got to see you brightened my day :)) 💘
Why do I own so much scotch tapes?
Gotta get me some of those Bose-cancelling noise headphones.
happy friday to ya!
it's even worse than what I am writing !
Check out the weekly video and podcast updates on the JustLifeTV FaceBook Fan Page - new video every Monday, new podcast every Wednesday!
Finally got +!
Accidentally enabled demo mode on my microwave. Thanks, Interwebs, for telling me that 3*clock disables it. Related: damn you, Panasonic.
i miss you too! i dont know when i will see you. Soccer is Cray Cray we have alot of games lol
Tylenol needs to update their dosage chart. Children, adults, and hangover.
nice coverage of but no need to insult "sign waving" -- democracy needs civic talk and protest, not just voting!
Thanks for the RT and the kind comment! I appreciate it.
Mackenzie and McAlister? we need a nickname
The friends if my friend are a hipster like me. The only difference that they both have the money for the clothes and things.
Shorts or capris today~
#Clippers are in the 2nd round of the #NBA #Playoffs but they play the #Spurs.....and its #OKC VS #LAL thats should be very interesting
hahah no one does so just saying whusgood
The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member of EWC since January 14th, 2011! Tomorrow, we will find out who the winner is!
"Seek access to those on their way to being inaccessible. Their advice is top quality and you can still get through to them...for now."
just settle this like men! One tourney one game! if u wanna use OR go ahead. Well be scrimagen then
I will be swimming in less than 20 minutes. Holy crap I'm excited.
TyDaddy does it all!! Wish I was there #GRC ;)
haha love the bio; nice to meet; hows your week going--read ur blog. silence is really unknown now; white noise is so necessary :T
I don't do "follow4follow" on my personal account. So, no.
Titanic: "Nothing On Earth Could Cime Between Them." Baby, It's Cold Outside.
looks like you are at 33 Brick Street. Pretty cool place and pretty good pub food. Went there last fall after golf at Dye Co ...
Goodnight … i love you(:
OMG i hope i dont see my ex at edc, that will be awkward as fuck. LMAO fuckk it im going to have fun anyway ;P
jk i just got cleared today so im good to go sit the bench again (:
mention me somehow or another.lmao.oh and i figured out what i wanted to. I wanted inside of a start of that makes since.lmao
haha! Maybe I'm not remembering the name right, it was a majestically weird video we watched at your house with Simone...
My fav would have to be when Roger Humphries got up to jam with and Five Play! They all looked excited
Was feeling so low but I have amazing friends like , & Chelsey to surprise bring food and talk to me. Love my friends.
CDC warns that 40 million American workers sleep too little
I wanna come!!!
Haha. Well I actually just came back out to roll my windows up and then got a little too relaxed. Lol.
thanks so much.
hey its exile coming through. The Name of the track is The "O" and my hometown is Cleveland, OH
I can't pay attention in class for the life of me. UGH.
I totally forgot about the Titan's game today don't take i-40 to Nashville
Beautiful....on so many levels!
basically I just look like a weakling at crossfit ha
I swear the sun on my skin is like literally feeling God smile down on me. In a perfect world I'd lay on beach relaxing and still get paid.
Things I should be doing < things I'm going to do instead.
i think we are all going to dinner tonight
shit is annoying,
I'm so tired
And were still going to have school tomorrow,
My grandmother has issues. Just sayin'
Do the still get a point for overtime? We earned something, no?
When did the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade get so gay?
Beautiful Soul;)
What exactly does the phrase "roll tide" have to do with elephants and Bama? I'm confused
": I'm not afraid to let a stranger put their arms around me." Good then you won't sue for what I did last night ;)
I hope my other AP test isnt Wednesday!!! I need to get out early to go see my bby downtown :(
already tried. i might have to delete it and re-install.
oh Christian Bale... oh
I know I'm late but YAY on the head scarf!
#20factsaboutme 2. My birthday is on April Fool's Day.
I mean you bad but nicki is badder. ❤
#HungerGames need to see it
yeah haha we should (:
Great call ... Cabbies love us! RT : it's crazy right? They must have wanted to get there early for your show
My newest songs are called 'I`ll Miss My Life' and 'I`m The Winner'! I can`t wait to finish my entire 2nd album 4 this year!
Hey, you're welcome! :)
come back to VA!
I liked TINY FURNITURE, even though I'm given to understand that I'm supposed to hate for some reason.
"But I'd always knew you'd be the one to understand me, I guess that's why it took so long to get things right"
Dang, I need to cut my nails. Doing construction type things is making them break.
He is a frequent lecturer at MIT and Harvard Business School
Getting pretty excited about this new sound in a few of the new songs - loose upbeat country with Brazilian-style chord changes
Thanks for the follow!
very nice shot on a very classic Schwinn bike!
So jealous! Have fun man!
i say at least finley, sitton, nelson... hopefully harrell/starks will be devoloped by then so we can let flynn/grant walk
thanks for all the #NARIP love, we truly appreciate it!
Goingg To Thee Zoo With My Mom, And Two Younger Sisters!
chilling reading "Yikes" magazine so funny love it!!!!
Jackelope on Sixth. Crazy full though
Both Elise AND Erika are the last girls on my list!
Fun little IM set tonight. Hehe.
What's EU copyright law over scanned public domain documents? I know it's not Bridgeman v. Corel, but what?
we just need you to pitch one now
S/o that should be ready this weekend!!
haha Ookkayy you think im scared of you BLAHAHAHA man u are too funny
Need me some serious right now!!
I know i could've talked to you....i just chose not too
Everything changes, nothing remains without change. ps send in ri go to gym
Thanks so much! I will!
me and haley just walked to nates house with our hoods up and saggin .. he locked the door and ran away ..
If your site is filled with weird character encoding errors like "Itâ€™s" instead of "It's" I'm just going to assume you're a scraper
I bet could use a nice ice cold Miller Genuine Draft after that task!
that I do & he's not going anywhere :) sanity or no sanity!
Lets get this Tier One party started! I will be at Cullen Performance Hall this morning, will you?
Im so excited to be on the list!! I can't wait to come perform for teenhoot fans! meet you guys (:
lol thank you sir!
Thursday night 9:00, no school on Friday and I'm sitting in bed. I'm such a loser.
Give me back my Excite Bike !!!
If it doesn't feel right, it probably isn't.
im going to sleep im out peeps
So far 175 Girl Scout volunteers and teen girls are signed up for our Annual Meeting! Today's the last day to register.
God is in the groove...... The Father is in the funk
Weed isn't a gateway drug, alcohol is
Don't have anyone worth talking to so I guess I'm going to sleep :/
Thank you for the #ff! Right back at you!
Oh shit. I think I just moved to Copenhagen.
": nice job! you just keep getting better!!!!" thank you!<3
Not bad Nick Johnson.
Falling asleep ~.~
-_+_!| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
you know who's hotter than JLH? Jaime Pressly. Boom
I'm jammin that new song #NOWHERE its the sht go check it out!
They get a #DMD for wearing Apple Bottoms in the first place
good weed, no stress.
awesome! Thanks:)
How are those shorts staying up at all?
I get so frustrated sometimes
I am shocked they don't ask for experience in accounting too. Might as well with that wish list.
not an unreasonable request.
and that they play current music? What a unique concept.
Newsbyte: Kerry Group Transforms Its Global Procurement Group in Weeks With SAP® Sourcing OnDemand Solution
Hey...where my map to the new server went? Also my tea.
No one can pull that look off like I can Jeremy. You know that.
yea doctor office suck!
Off the the British Museum...
always be persistant and continue and you will succeed in everything you go to accomplish!
thanks!! xoxo Spark
Shit it's too early
I wish that I can have this moment for life.
I ate half a chunk, and mouth is on fire. I'll stick with the spicy (Jalapeno) spears
I'm today. Let me know how everything is.
me too.
If it looks this good, I wonder how it tastes.
Thanks for the mention The game looks great. Looking forward to it.
SMALL BUMP IS TRENDING BABE
ty for the follow stephen! enjoy your trip! ~cd
Hey How Are You Sophie .? Of i am not indiscret How Is Sarah.??? I havent talked to her in a Long time.!!
I totally understand you right now :(
Glad you are seeing the best of SF! Get a coconut at Trouble Coffee while you are over there.
Thanks Pete! It actually felt pretty nice given how warm it was out.
Locked his ass in the closet ! Bad ass !
#FF People who make me want to keep running , , , , , ,
Admit it, at some point in time you've tried to see if you had super powers.
I should *not* be up at this hour. But I am.
haha this is a special day!! In my life
I need a blog idea. Can you give me topic ideas, please? Thanks!! <3
I hate current R&B as much as I hate current hip hop
Thanks Napa wedding planner I don't have a set price, just quote per location and times. Keep in touch!
#FF to Thanks & have a great weekend!
Good morning home biz folks - what do you use to recharge and help you reconnect with your big goals in business?
Mo with an torn ACL?! Im going to cry.
Celebrating the grand re-opening of one of my favorite spots, w/ , , , & plenty more.
toys, gadets, other cool stuff - have it in the library to draw people in and make community take more active interest in library
You have veteran on the bench that u signed at least 4 different times. Pick him up for the play offs and don't play him at all!
Well the milk and cream cheese are laden with cholesterol so . . .
Have you been seeing this personal friendship I've been building w/ (whoever runs) the Crepe Cellar page?! Lol
My daughter The Force however, is suspiciously quiet. Upstairs with her BFF, hatching nefarious plans involving pink kitties named Pinky.
If you knock 'em up, ya knock 'em down. - Heard it here first, kids.
cross-institutional partnerships will help bring low resource institutions on board w/ dh
I'm about to be like this right now.
With all the fun stuff going on this weekend, don't forget to stop in for your daily Guinness!
Um we should def go to rangers games this summer and who eva else wanna go
At Lexy's.((: wish i knew if he liked me./: #iwannaknow!
Stop playin' on the ledge ... if you really wanna jump I'll push yo a$$.
Get your sexy on with Wicked Temptations' sexy lingerie!
It was a great night talking with the Lawrence Republican Club.
he ok I'm not his biggest fan
like wife 2 and 3? : I don't ask people to be for me, I ask people to be with me
I saw that too, but rewinded dvr and confirmed seeing Hammer being available via line-up in dugout...
No worries, just checking. Audio is most important :)
4/7/1756->J. Robinson: the cunning&vigilance of Indians are no more to be conceived than to be equalled...Indians are only match for Indians
Treat me like a joke, and I'll leave you like its funny.
girl you can have it...too bad I'm still acting like a complete idiot at work. It's like my body is confused with sobriety.
┬──┬◡ﾉ(° -°ﾉ) now now, was that really necessary?
what up wit it
rape kit
Game of Thrones. Don't bother me.
Champagne Sunday's have started
Awesome job on Home video! :) Can you do one for I'm A Star? Break a leg with Disney!
The Abolition Conference: Combating Modern-Day Slavery - Arizona Daily Wildcat The Abolition Conference: Combating Modern-Day Slavery Ari
Just finding out that Toby Keith's 'Red Solo Cup' is a thing. Dang.
good luck...:P
Ya ever feel like some folks just don't get you? Thank greatness I have Portland.
Orientation over. Time to hit the ground running on some homework haha
The weekend is almost here and it's a big one! St. Patrick's Day and March Madness! What are your plans?
Ran a bath for my son and yelled "hey dude....this tubs for you!'
just did. Will u help me trend: #LastHoranWednesdayOf2011 thanks? :)
86% of social media pros are afraid of their corporate social accounts being hacked. via
stupid kids with no direction or purpose in life. I wonder where they will end up 5 years from now? (jail)
Good one!
no. We in knoxville, Tn.
car, I was all twisted. Haha #fail so bad.
agreed, thanks for the follow Jason!
Garden tub, wine, candles and a book on progressive enhancement. Doesn't get better than this.
There is nothing better than putting a smile on someone's face when you lend them a helping hand on their boat first time down this year!
I just got humped by Jimmy Kimmel. Night complete.
BTW.. if you can't get the Google+links.. you should DM your gmail and Follow me on Twitter and I'll hook you up.
Read wine cheap perfume...
Ah graduation weekend, all the parents are in the office to meet their kids professors. How great is this?
My boyfriend is a big nigga. I mean as in a big dude. Therefore a big nigga.
Yeah, for sure. Rain is coming. Our biggest threat for severe weather is tomorrow.
Tweeps! If you're interested in buying one of our new shirts, tweet at me tomorrow afternoon and I'll bring them to you! :-)
"It’s not about the period, it’s about the question mark." EEk. So Excited. What Makes #MadMen Great? via and
James Morrison is amazing - Wonderful World!
Whose in the game? RT : Life begins when you get out of the grandstand into the game. -P. L. Debevoise
Getting ready to head for the Harley Davidson Museum in WI
All Lean Cuisines taste exactly the same.
I wish #CBSBigBrother has entirely new guys. I think I'd be enjoying it more.
You're welcome. I'm glad you like it - the pizza and the real life example of using social media
Don't call me honey. Especially if you're younger than me. Really chaps my hide.
It's suprising how well I'm functioning this morning given the fact that I think I might actually still be asleep.
Hung out with for about an hour... Real good dude!!!
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. Victor Kiam
Yup wasn't nothing but trouble anyway :/ RT : ditto for me. Except I never got to go around the block, lol.
what a lovely French Oscars :)
Gumtree Canoe - John Hartford
Date with pal
great to see you on twitter!
Me and Lil Ugly Mane connect on a real intellectual level.
feel better! also have a room if you need one.
It's truly amazing the amount of mucus the human body can produce in the span of 3 days. If only we could turn it into fuel.
certainly want new members. Website front page is not updated enough. July meeting is at Porterhouse. Aug is North Park.
are you going to the game too or do you have to work?
"Exercise: you don't have time NOT to!"- Unk
asks the question: what is a "like" really worth on FB?
Can barely keep my eyes open, soon take off, then 5 hours in the air...
This guy comes in here and he's just the fanciest of pants and he's all like, "I need your help with my blah blah blah..."
AS it just dawned on me of course our pick played on that damn Blue turf smh lol wth man.
You just gave up on me...it's one of those nights where it feels like you don't even care
It is scary to think what I would look like or where I would be if I didn't get saved by the wonders of a Kenston public school education
I guess the thing to do is mention it in the cover letter, so that perhaps my resume doesn't get tossed out of hand.
Wow. ESPN is putting anyone on tv these days it seems. You'll see what I'm talking about on in a bit.
. Definitely! is the best place to spend 4th of July.
I agree. #Packers made a nice compromise I thought in giving Finley a two year 15million dollar deal
MSNBC is chock full of idiots, but Contessa Brewer has got to be stupidest! Yeah Contessa, all black folk look alike you dumbell!!
Ask Matt: Should I sell my Home Depot shares now? - USA TODAY
Hells bells RT : Scratch that I AM going to for
Welcome new followers (close to 400 now) and thanks to all of you for #gettingitdone in the #PGH!
ALWAYS Sam Adams RT : Should never take waitresses suggestions of beer
The key to change is letting go of fear. ~ Rosanne Cash
He was the best. I believe he was the scout who signed Fernando
I beg, and borrow and steal.
Issa letter to DOJ contrasts swift action on Secret Service (employees placed on leave w/in 4 days) with #FastandFurious (now in 17th month)
you gotta get to roanoke, virginia. We rep hoodie all day.
Will any of our followers be attending next weeks prep class?! Let us know, we love hearing from you!
Photographs of your loved ones, your beloved pet, your truck, car or may be a Harley Bike.We will digitize them all for you.
I hope I can sleep my bed is vibrating from my neighbors unbalanced ceiling fan.
Something to smile about: We just marked down spring arrivals from , , Schumacher, Joseph, and Fuzzi.
#beerolympics tomorrow...location Omaha, NE...updates to come
DMV employee allegedly said one driver was so dangerous he/she was "gonna kill someone", but still got license by paying bribes.
lol, how about some content to that tweet man!
Josh Jackson..yah that dude on fringe went to Einstein and rode my bus. The teachers were all "he's gonna be famous". Well he is famous.
Recall rivers by college campuses
#FFM (Fun Follow Monday):
I don't know why. I just got this annoying pain when there's something moving around me. I get paranoid and irritated easily.
Tomorrow is another day, and still hitting the pavement with submitting for acting projects.
I have, but it's been years. I think I still have a copy of it somewhere...
omg i wish i was there i love u guys good luck 143 <3
Thanks for the follow Wishing loads of #acting success!
Yes I'm the jealous type, bare with me here
Duke vs north Carolina Duke all the way baby!!!!!
Good night folks, can't keep my eyes open
MT : Seriously? National Cleavage Day? I'll celebrate by using my boobs for their intended purpose, I'll #breastfeed my baby.
That "I am awesome" moment when you get mail from one of your dream colleges, even if it's a generic letter.
this feeling <<<<
Okay what the hell is happening in Union Square right now? Sounds like there are gonna be mass arrests by the NYPD following Trayvon march.
Online (domestic) commentary focuses on hypocrisy of proposed US sanctions, related to that last Tweet, what with CISPA on the horizon.
chocolate no bake cookies!
if u guys are still on the same shit for 3 years, just let him go, you would force him to stay if all he does is look for an excuse to leav?
A very good choice! Bubba's a great supporter of and #CLE! RT I want to try out Bubba's BBQ
Thanks for following!
sorry I have been crazy busy. yes I listened to it. I hope to start learning it this week. U have more faith in me than I do lol
S/O To they was rocking with our booth at the #LONTS event
Fuck shoutouts, guess who follows me? I could DM him for you 
Unfortunately True!! RT : If it still hurts, if you still cry if it still makes you angry
my dvr cut it off right at Kara!!! Ugh!
Reluctant people need social proof.
My best advice to you, when being chased by someone, is not to waste the time to shout "STOP GETTING CLOSER." It doesn't work.
but are they hating on Philly, libraries or the pretentious b&w profile photo, huh?!
These hoes r so funny
RIP Amy Winehouse. Tragic loss of perhaps the most original and influential new voice of the last 10 yrs. Just sad.
Remember when investigators were called "dicks"? Pete Thamel should be reminded.
no problem homie! Thank you! Lol
2 thumbs up!
I was confused... I thought I missed one of his at bats or something. Thanks for clarifying!
Make it a double because it's #CincoDeMayo and game time !
they mad cuz they fallin off
the last time you and I all played together. lol. i didn't really talk to her that much. i don't even remember her name.
check out an interview with Sam on Soundcheck on NPR today at 2pm!
Why is my 6'4" 295 pound cousin wearing a banana suit?
any day is a good day for ice cream.
Cheers to Accomplishment Tuesday! May everyone's dreams come true.
I'm about to drive out to Livestrong. Tornadoes are far away so far.
in talking about the songs i've recently recorded... someone today said "oh... you used, like, real drums?" sigh.
Princess and the Frog is delightful. Everyone's leaving with that feel good feeling. Everyone!
kinky roland mix is great!
Does anyone have a paranormal experience they want to share with us this Halloween? Email us your experience!
you know they signed sealed and finna b delivered to da one that i dream about all day
Nfl.com analysts have the first team potentially picking Heyward-Bey as the Ravens.Nice for a McDonogh boy to make his NFL home Baltimore.
Seems like a good night for a party!!! Oh yeah!! :)
Seen some gd opps in Minneapolis - it gets real cold here but summer is nice and quality of living is very high. Big Metro too.
I've been distracted saving everyone's name in a #globalclassroom Twtr list. Teaching 7th gr world geog next yr. I'm so excited to connect.
That is not dead which can eternal lie <br> And with strange aeons even death may die.
we will try not! 😖 haha
iphone 3g for at+t for sale....dm
Are you guys following this Delisle trial? It's a murder trial in French. My head may explode
RT PLS HELP MY SIS OUT send email to vote with the subject "Green Home #1" she's finalist for 30k!
Had fun with the family 😃
we have a summer internship program, you can forward your #resume to
[hands you application] Don't forget the essay on the back. Extra credit is buying me a milkshake.
Glad u could make it! Great crowd. ": Good win and big crowd tonight for and over Centre.”
Not too late to come see Where the Yellowstone Goes in its 1st public screening tonight I know and are coming
New York City are you ready for NYE 2012?
love the cake remix do it big riri!!!
Is there a German word for self-destructive Googleing?
Go like conquer the shore on facebook there releasing a song when they hit 250 //www.facebook.com/pages/Conquer-The-Shore/182436495122033
I made 2009 tweets... i love 2009 that was my year bt now i am in my own zone
Fight. For your right. To party.
It's a beautiful day for some football - come on out to Liberty Station and join us. Ladies play for free today!!
Nice letter on your blog. I bought all your books and have begun the first!
A pox on you, Easter, and all your sinful chocolates.
Sorry about that. Pierce.
Not sure how to interpret these circumstances: One week ago, I took a defensive driving course. Last night had a dream about a car accident.
hey I live in the same neighbor hood and yea it's changing BIG time
I'm actually talking with support right now. Cross your fingers. Not much longer I hope.
DC Question: What neighborhood is the corner of N. Capitol and P Streets NW? Is it still Shaw?
So many new changes in this old life of mine. Reinventing myself.
☆ "And I don't know why it gets better than this, in a storm with my BEST dress, FEARLESS." ☆
Can't wait - and I bet you're 100 times more excited than !. :)
": Fxck Fruit Of The Loom . Hanes Got The Best Underwear & Socks Also Sports Bra . #SeriousTweet" lmao is it tht serious
it's cool, my twitter has been a bitch to me today lol
try changing photo to lower resolution. Weltome to Twitter!!!
When are you leaving town?
"Art is very much like being single. 'I like you, do you want to come home with me?' It's like that."-- (cc: )
Making my lesson plan for tomorrow.
#Romney and #Gingrich are like professors on the stage schooling 4th graders. The funny thing is that both are still horrendous candidates.
well that sucks. I was kinda enjoying those tweets.
I know! Definitely one of my favorite lenses! Only problem is that it's a zoom. So i have to back up a lot for close ups!
BEAT 'em Up Up UP!
I can't wait either!!
Brutal loss. 3-2 Real Salt Lake in full time.
Wendy gotta get the fuck outta my mentions with that "oh" shit tho.
Watching the original Alien movie. Yeah, they're gonna be smoking on a spaceship. Riiiiighht.
Done forthe day and the only thing I wanna do, right now is chill with my baby....gt this sad feeling nw tht only she cn tke away.
Durant coulda got a better look than that ...
I finally accomplished something today.
“: Glad we are tweeter friends, Nina!!” me too!!!!
he did?? At least he asked!
Cutest thing ever RT : Fall in love at a coffee shop.
Kork Wine & Cheese launches a daily hot lunch special! Fried Chicken, Mashed Potatoes & Gravy ($9.99)!
Words of #wisdom from Yogi Bear "you never fail unless you stop trying" had to pause it to cement the lesson into my kids brain
Closed tonight for maintenance, lucid veganism.
What is lil mama wearing
MT Hitting Gozo comes back to haunt Moore. BB to Ross. 1-0
If you make eye contact w/ a black guy & he touches his nose, that's code for he's selling cocaine right?
SoulPurpose, a different kind of company ....... www.eccentriksoul.soulpurpose.net
it's got some really good songs in the ep
Holtby vs Lundqvist on long hair hotness
I just now learned about the earthquake and hope all my friends East of me are well.
miss ya babe so much
Is 30 Rock's Kim Jong Il racist or because it's Kim Jong Il it's all okay? Like those awkward World War II Looney Tunes?
under the mistletoe is amazing! your best ever !
Thanks! We'll be inducting Cole Porter, the Bergman's and our friend, Mr. Manilow. Will be fun!
#Alabama #BCSChamps and a shutout to boot. Best team in the country hands down. See ya later
Likes to shove cucumbers up her culo hahaha
What an unbelievable comeback by the
Spent my monday sick on the couch watching The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy, I have to ask, why remake them? Americans cant read?
like i wanna talk to that person but i don't think I'm ready for that yet
I'm becoming the Michael Jordan of waiting for late MFers!
I do the same thing except it is usually at night.
The greater the height the more strength thats required the deeper the depth the weakness of ignorance.
Very cool that the entire Cosby Show series can be streamed on Netflix.
I'll be one of the artists presenting Hispanic Earth Day tonight at PAX-Brickell. Come support Mother Earth! We hope to see you tonite $15
Shoutout to the class of 2012
I dusted off my copy of tiger 12 to play a few rounds
The sound of a leaf blower is the perfect soundtrack to a gruesome murder.
Did you know John Woods works for Newt Gingrich's super PAC??? Bahahhaha aahahaah ahahahaha!
amazing, unbelievable eyegasm.
AJ on KQ10 two hearts vs KQ and Jh9h all in on flop.... I hold (no idea how).. 25k going into dinner
I can't wait till I get my
you already know:)
can you clic my follow button to see if it works?
Olympic Village research: Watched the closing credits of the Atlanta Olympic Games, the triumphs and the heartbreak, all around play setting
The Atlanta Falcons played some pretty good football this weekend. Way to go Michael Turner! Great Day!
Heading to Pedro's for the UFC fights tonight with ...pulling for Evans, but as usual, whomever I want to win usually loses.
☆ "Happy memories sometimes lose in our minds, but, why do bad memories still hurt our feelings?" ☆
Ok ok damn !!!!! Lol I'm sorry
What is your favorite music genre?
And let's give a #NAFSA10 warm Twitter welcome to -his 1st NAFSA & 1st Tweetup!
Another tragic case of cocoa powder lung.
I tried following but they say i have reached my following limit. I need more followers so I can follow other ppl.
Rain Friday? C'mon man we got a show.
MT So is the schools plan basically the SD4GS ballot measure that failed to make the ballot?
Playing L.A. Noire :)
Waking up after the 1st screening of Where the Yellowstone Goes. Feels good to get this "baby" out there. Great start!
I was stuck in a group with two boys for two periods straight and then I was asked to look at someone's butt XD Someone help me!
Really have had a blessed day, I'm so undeserving tho.
thank u my new best friend
Austin Is Our Texas Boy ! <3
Will be guest starring in Saturday night.... come on out !
u are one of my favorite women wrestlers TRISH ! Im a huge fan even though I'm a boy 😄
#ireallymiss none of my exes. They justg taught me lessons on life, but i'd never go back
Thanks mom for deminishing my self esteem to absolutely nothing.
Not in FL... It isn't unbearably hot outside yet ahah :)
STRUGGLING!!!! Now that the postgame has been cancelled, should help a little...
moon looks like a Rossogulla tonight. =D Either that or I'm hungry again =P
one week left! Get your tix now!!
Watching River Monsters at my parents... Being lazy for 10 min...
Some athletes use Viagra as a performance-enhancing drug
Justin Bieber and 50 Cent. Ask me later.
": Skinny Cow Fr. Van. Truffle Bars contain microcrystalline cellulose, or finely ground wood pulp!"But they're so good!
Why is Tony Robbins showing up on my "who to follow"
Some day you will see
Spring break!!!!!
Idk what to think anymore o.O
thank you i just followed u
That "thing" needs some interrogation. By me. And everyone else. :)
Baby my heart cold, but you see my wrist the coldest💎
Thanks 🍺 RT Come in today for our awesome #Thursday specials: $2 Tacos, $5 Jose Cuervo shots & $5 #BlueMoon Drafts.
Check out Ted Palmer on YouTube. NEW MUSIC. Become a Fan!
140 characters just isn't enough. Thanks for everything and congrats on your next chapter.
Couldn't have screwed that up anymore if I tried.
Great pic! The expression say it all. :-)
I am so proud of you!
YOUR PERFORMANCE AT VOICE WAS *BOOM*
Loving Bruno Mars!
Dear , we look forward to selling the funniest shirts you've ever seen. That is all.
had studio last night but was not feeling good AT ALL. oh the life of a teenager. back at it soon though good stuff comin your way! xo
#etech08 etech needs a new revolution to ride
We are playing Jacksonville.
And Buster picks Melky up from third with a grounder through the right side of the IF, Giants close the gap to 4-3
no fb darling, my boyfriend and i deactivated them.together
Congratulations. What great news!
Fish, salad and water! No icecream for you says My kids think I'm mean. HA! They need to meet Osmin.
It's on top of my cassette tapes ooh did I just say cassete
Sounds like #Revenge is about to come to an end. Anyone know when its season ends. Feels like soon. Nothing left to fall apart, WOW!
Computer Works 360 is on Twitter!
#SOTD is Devastate by Born of Osiris.
The League go hard on Champagne & Chickenheadz
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities
to where?
almost done with proposal due Monday for book chapter on working with faculty writers
that's some nasty shut! And he was black
awh thank you! :)
I don't trust these bitches: they might, they might catch me slippin
"It's wise and necessary to know your gifts but lazy and naïve to ignore your weaknesses." (Tom Davidson)
Come have a Beer and a Laugh right now! Comedy Starts at 9Pm
RT : RT : We must abandon the prevalent belief in the superior wisdom of the ignorant. DANIEL J. BOORSTIN
I don't think SD is ready for this. This is going to be epic!
Empire state of mind
Just finished the #booktrailer for Slant of Light by & am very happy. I'll be posting it soon.
THanks for following. Hope all is well with you.
Word! Need a new phone though. My Droid's OS is a,#fail cc Time to get on this bandwagon!
AMEN RT : Stop bitching it clients don't "get it." it's our job to help them get it. Meet them where they are, listen.
Do not be afraid or discouraged for the Lord your God is with you where ever you go.
Thanks for the follow. I like your site. Something different.
Magic number for #foodhub financial viability seems to be $1M in gross sales
i just did
& all I hear is "blah blah blah blah blah.." yeeeaaaa shut the fuck up, I'm payin no attention to your bullshit
A call after 1030 means nothing but booty! Lol!
During testing, audiences categorized ER as "action/adventure" because of camera movement.
Merry Christmas or Kwanza or Hanukkah or whatever you believe in ----me it is the day they deligated to celebrate the birth of Christ
What if I wasn't me? I would totally be miserable. How would I know? because I know myself
yoga at bonnet house starting in january...details soon!
#AMC2011 Black Lesbian Brilliance panel was lovely. Lots of activism and community/family talk.
New Jersey Nets 23 Milwaukee Bucks 24 End Of 1st #nets #bucks #nba (Follow )
*wink wink*
go to bed already, it's passed your bedtime. I need you at full strength tomorrow to get me thru my rush hour on the palghetto.
Playing free for all :)
I am going to barely be home in June.
Way to tweet from the wrong account, self.
I feel like im gonna die... :pp
What happened there?!
heeeeeyyyyyyyyyy..... here's my bi-monthly twit I mean tweet. ;) Hey Everyone!
has to have a take 2 on First Pitch!! 1st was way outside w/ a little bounce!
Music is my life, because there is a song for every situation....
What was your 1st digital camera?
Depends what you're looking for, I say go north. I love New England! Vermont and Cape Cod, Massachusetts are BEAUTIFUL!
National Honesty Day??? #Seriously?
It's Thursday & that means another awesome special! Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread & sm drink for $7+tax!
Aw today is senior prom! Have fun!!!
has the shittiest customer service I have ever seen. I am looking hard for an alternative as we speak. #f*uckyou
I need to make a bucket list.
Excited to go to with in July. Summer is going to be badass :)
Don't nothing make money like a mouthpiece. Deal or not. These hands are made to touch millions!!!!
#flipbigclass stds prefer lectures delivered via lec cap be 30 min or less. From UT Austin study on flipping the classroom.
Mom its way to early to argue
Kim great job in pregame today! People say that the yanks are in the twins heads. You think Lee is in the Yankees'?
On the phone with my bff <3
thank u for lovin us like u do :)
OH HELL NO! Just cuz its a cafe and 10 AM DOesn'T mean Ur SQUARE AsS Can Ask 2 TURn me
want to return to Seattle next Thursday and be on our #hackingedu TV show?
Thanks! Hopefully the weather cooperates so we don't get preempted for severe weather coverage.
Outdoor soccer, beers and wings = a solid Tuesday night.
I was just talking bout that place last night Hahahaha. There tri tip and all of the above is on hit. Fuck now I wanna go
Enjoying the VMAs!!
really thats cool, ron dont know yet!
lol! I'm not throwing stones. I'm far from perfect but don't want to be mislead either.
Thanks :) you'll do awesome in Psych too! I'm going to sleep
RT : RT : All you hoes that want to cuddle stop it cause no one wants to cuddle with a eater
roxanne* you* chinese*
Real Friends. Enough said.
yeaahhhh i was like um O.o i wasnt even online lols.............
The dragons!
I thought this was my final year coaching high school basketball, but it looks like those plans have changed.
2 be honest not all brands will make it 2 freshnripe,its not that ur brand aint dope but the way you do business.dont mean to offend anyone
looks like your Bolts are winning! :D
RT : Luv the pic Eric and hat rocks! ,,kudos to Aaron!
Good Morning BALTLANTA! Details on Sunday's game coming soon. Stay tuned.
use to love doing cross stitch when i was a younglin
Thanks! Is indeed raphael.js. Also a bit of lesscss and jquery. The tools made it a very pleasant one-pager.
Heh. Well, there is that.
Ugh... Dating in Los Angeles as a divorced woman in her 30s... Ugh! Need I say more?
UGH I lost a follower. Unfollowers are a bitch -.-
i mean if u're happy children get up and dance (8)
Oh geez. I just saw the headline now. The damage estimates seem huge. Once I have a few spare moments, I'll dive in. Thanks!
I'll say .... Impressive man, testament of hard work no doubt!
what u n Isaac up to tell him I said hi. Is he still w his girl?
not yet sir... Not yet haha
Retrain Tip: Staying active not only improves physical health but mental health as well. Mind body connection in its truest form.
2-yr-old's favorite phrase is "Broken, Daddy" which is almost always uttered as he's breaking something.
So excited for and the Fighting Irish Ladies!!!!
Opening day ⚾ and masters week ⛳ life is good
you fit in the rusher family with us :)
The Shot in the Dark Stout #homebrew kit is finally here. Apparently we need to make a yeast starter.
This time we mean it! Tonight's PBS' #AmericanMasters profiles Oscar-winning Jeff Bridges. On MPTV 36 at 8PM.
NHL, no. NFL? Ravens. FML. At least the Orioles can always be counted on to be consistent...ly bad.
Orange juice and a blunt for breakfast, while i read the paper..finna hit the block, bout to see some paper..
Let's see if we can reach today's goal of $75! Every $ helps! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
My feelings were hurt...wow!...
Yay no school for me :D
Wendy, don't you feel remorse that you and I could have saved this company?
love that drawing!
girls who cant walk in their heels >
just registered for my final classes for this degree:) both online, so i can finish my degree from MI and move with my hubby when he moves:)
If you don't like me..don't pretend to like me. What does that do for u...or me?
Serious words of advice: Never marry someone with a mental illness.
RT : Today is #worldentrepreneurshipday. #Entrepreneurs - what motivates you most?
SEXUAL WEDNESDAY
Enjoy your sunscreen! Good luck this season!!!!!
Attempted a new pose in hot yoga today and almost succeeded :)
#EDU11 but what about when you're 18 and don't know what you want to be?
I just finished Silver Sparrow too! loved it. Tayari is one of my faves. Have you read her other books?
“Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own
no problem!
Yourself. RT What or who defines success?
You are so unpredictable..
I don't care what the directions say, we're grilling this frozen pizza.
Season saving hit for Gardner?
Paranoid Android is the great artistic achievement of our lifetime.
Can't wait! #bartscott RT : Excited for I'm gonna make you the best cake bro!
the sun goes down. The stars come out. And all that counts is here and now. My universe will never be the same.Im glad you came
the HT stores near me don't restock on many free or cheap items before the weekly sales cycle ends, but I've heard some stores do
Shout out to for following us! Bring us on air for a shine!
you need to get on some of them ol classic sitcoms. Funny stuff right there.
I loved the digital projects session at #NCPH, great seeing how technology has added to the field of Public History.
Florida! Wont tweet as much :/ too much fun! Vid comin soon :)
Trying to get rid of my bad body double...
friends don't let friends do dumb shit...alone.
yes, I am agreeing with you re your concern over interpretation.
I am getting sick of me always missing out on all good hats Just because I have school It's unfair you need to release later on
Thanks for the kid complement! ((hugs))
CONGRATS JUSTIN DREW BIEBER! 18 YEARS
what? Damn
have a great weekend & thnx #FF!
Twitter is so boring when Austin doesn't tweet. Omg baby, come back!
A midget, White Walkers, Dragons & Bastards. Sounds like Vegas.
Fucking Heath Bell
": Westbrook = best pg in the nba" No fool. Just the best scoring pg
Can you tell me da way to your heart
We want to hear about your heritage!! Don't forget to include the #Proud(InsertHeritage)American hashtag
stop lighting shit on fire!
are you Mr. Burns?
Excited about starting new video projects for two long-standing clients. Added case studies on website of two recent, fun projects.
Writing music on the beach
You're welcome! It was a valuable article with an on-target message/angle...keep it up!
Thank you! Thats the way I roll. You will have no problem becoming the most famous. Your a superhero..duh!
Has anyone NOT regretted an armband tattoo, really? I mean ten years later you look at it and say "that was an awesome call."
Large or little company, they are as worthy as you to have attention paid to their art.
Hahahahahaha its so funny when u see 2 people wearin the same shirt
Congrats to my old boss on winning the Swarovski Award for Womenswear! So happy for you, Prabal.
I feel like that cheesy bites pizza hut commercial ripped off "gold on the ceiling" by the black keys
If I occasionally tweet them directly would it be still considered twi-stalking??
ain't it though?
Final advice: practice, make mistakes. Use music, but not a script. Utilize & develop your network of friends. And do promote! Whew.
Rough flight..
Best part of #dwts was Gents the Song was off the Charts #copchase #austin Definitely Representing !
Very proud that UC was represented last weekend by one of its best Dec 11 undergrad graduates () @ THATcamp games.
jabberin jibbin fibbin and ad-libbin. I love it when I make her laugh so hard she just can't stop
tweets and gets in news I tweet and get nothing
Apparently she still does random TV, VO, and was in There's Something About Mary. Thanks, IMDB for pointless info!
Reduce your plan to writing.. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire. N. Hill
"I'm looking for Ray Finkel....and a clean pair of shorts"
Relegation battle in #EPL: portsmouth is down. Hull is 99.9% down. Burnley must win today to stay up. not much suspense!
I'll bet you $5 Davidson gets reprimanded too if you give me 100:1 odds.
what's good?!?! Cali's good, but only 7 weeks left out here. Can't wait to move home!! How've you been?
Seemed like a long day today...
The next 5 ppl to meet us get free CD w/ticket purchase. Text/call 303-483-5208 or 720-938-1530 when you get to Park Meadows to meet up!
Exactly. That's why get so frustrated that Congressional DEMs won't go on offense, push them back on their heels like PBO does.
My softball team needs a massage therapist. Or I need cleats that aren't from middle school. Maybe both.
People need to ask me more harder questions
how the shit are you supposed to know, if it is a waste of time?
I just earned the 'Live To Dance Hokey Pokey' badge on CBS.com!
whatchu talkin bout phoenix I still follow you!
performing today. Here is my chance to crowd surf in the office.
If you have a special fishing memory with you share with your Mom comment below and tell us about it..
#FF & and join or support The Actors Fund teams! It's a fabulous day for an important cause!
$25 move-in special for 5x10 climate controlled units! It's a great size unit to store all your summer gear in!
All the mentions are gone from my Twitter interactions tab. So if you're trying to talk to me, I'm not ignoring you. Twitter is.
I know you want it so come and get it.~
Feeling an adrenaline rush as I prepare my statements for the 3/22/12 COVE Ward 5 Candidates Forum. #letsmoveforward with Amanda 5/15/12
This week on Luvmour Family Relationships: Gratitude in the Family. Listen Thursday at 1pm or download at www.luvmourfamilyrelationships.com
Haha its alright!! You need to come give me those ugly frog shoes!! Maybes that will keep my feet warm
survey? "Rude" or just "honest?" Guess it depends...New Yorkers are also "honest"
im me if u r horny
Backstage at SXSW: MNDR, Doomtree, and Lower Dens - SPIN
when you tweet to much!
"If you are grumpy, irritable, or just plain mean, there will be a $10 charge for helping you." -- from a sign at the corner store..
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. - Lao Tzu
gorgeous. the jealousy is killing me :)
i think that's the funniest joke you ever made, Dave! ;)
Look forward to meeting this week!
:: hey dmac, if we don't land Peyton do you thin Broncos will look for another veteran QB from FA?? Maybe a Donovan McNabb??
I met great folks and learned a ton!!
#FF The most amazing tweeps around this place , , & !
Like how you had the Broncos moving up for Kirkpatrick, but I think they may have to go ahead of DET to get him.
I was in la-la-land until Monday, that's why I clapped right thru that "hope you like sausages" comment.
Phone is fuckin up. Cool.
When you learn to work with a horse, you learn about your own relationship with yourself and others.
americans are hard working, but lazy thinkers......
Call me maybe(:
Mom: You blame me for everything! (Days earlier...) Mom: Why did you close the shower curtain? Me: I didn't. Mom: WHO ELSE COULD IT BE?!!?
i'll keep her in my prayers
I speak for th millions who donT and wonT watch unappealG characters actG out lowlife storylines on
nearly from the fat content alone
yea I am!
If you haven't already, please help us welcome to Twitter with a follow!
Last night I was crying so much lol
it's been the ruin of many a poor boy
Sexy Sam!
Don’t go out and buy things you don’t need just because they’re a great deal.
Whatever you loose in this life,'it doesn't matter' make sure u never loose the one thing money can not buy. ETERNAL LIFE!
team continues fly around LatinAmericanTour next stop Argentina have fun😃
hahaha. Nice. Yes we had to decide on a new one last year. Forget what we got
- TY 4 sponsoring 2011 Shoot To Cure event! Can't wait until Friday night. Thx again!
New york city could not be any better. I simply love being there.
We have discovered the best food in the world! Sweet potato fries wrapped in bacon!!!
Making chocolate caramel mousse!
I was not there. I went to another.
sorry it made a difference because the Patriots would have never beat the Rams in New Orleans. #missingtapes can't let go!
I wanted to see YOUR reaction to it!! I didn't even know you still went D: I miss you!
Thanks so much for the retweet. :)
cool story
I loved "Whatever you love" by Louise Doughty. English mysteries are my fave. e.g. Sophie Hannah
Holiday photo shoot about to get underway! Behind the scenes photos coming soon!
OMG :( wtf RIP Donna Summer
Nice .... right to name calling - you've convinced me it must be a great show...
Thanks! I just got some of my favorite Vapour product!
TY for the follow! Looking forward to reading your tweets!
i would usually agree, but i’m really not up for running 1-3 miles every thursday.. i could barely breath today
Did you know that on our #RSRA reports we do not default to "high risk"? Try us today and see how we can help you with your to-do list.
Wasn't nearly the ass whooping I thought it would be. McCown earned his stripes today! #Packers better tighten up in the post season.
Yay I got my phone back!
Enjoyed a great run on this beautiful 50 degree January day...in Wisconsin!
OMG. Today, I fell. down the stairs. but like, as I was falling I turned it into a flip , somersault thing. And yeah. I landed on my feet.:)
Lol stupid time.
come back labor day weekend! I might be there!!
the restaurant? Oh and his name is Thanos, look him up on Marvel website :)
We'll be talking NFL Draft coming up with Jason Wilde. Got any questions?
One for the old guys. Ground Control to David Toms, T8 after a 69 at the
Get some sun today! Take your workouts outside.
ha ha ye sir!!
This is Brilliant! Thanks
thanks for the love
yes so am i!!! the 30th needs to come already!!!
idk whats wrong with my twitpic uploader thinggy but its actin kinda retarded right now >:(
good thing I had torres in salary cap. did you watch Balotelli have a tantrum when he wasn't allowed to take the free kick?
Calling all artists! As the spring sets in new art competitions rise! Submit to the 2011 Adamouski bi-annual art competition today.
26 more "LIKES" to make 200! Can we do it before the weekend is done?
Crazy goal in #sabres game to tie it up
Happy Star Wars day!
men are the worst when they are "sick"
good morning y'all!
nice same here my grandmother got me into it when i was 6 years old did you have a favorite wrestler or diva
:: hey, we sure could use some snappy writers around here. know anyone? :) hope you're well!
I just figured out you were here! I am used to seeing you on Facebook!
Hey #innw attendees: do you think that #email is going to be the next snail mail?
love you bruhhh (:
Can someone give me a woof!
DAMN H ON TEAM MONEY MAYWEATHER TOO. NOW WE KNOW MAYWEATHER AINT JOBBING TO COTTO
mix session
How was your #festivus?
New Day, Same Shit, Diff Round.
ah! no! this is awesome! will have to dig in tonight. thanks!
new digit 1954439
better hustle ..can't play without my 2nd baseman
Me to for that matter
Skip Bayless doesn't like you.
In honor of our delivery kickoff: Order one pizza for delivery & get $5 knocked off price of a second pie!
A woman shouldn't need twitter to feel CONFIDENT & SEXY; you suppose to feel that way BEFORE SIGNING IN TWITTER
Practicing my Irish dialect for a read coming up. Wish me luck:)
lmao! I will agree to that...but hittin some iron and and the elliptical does haha
somebody please shake the financial industry. hard to believe how bad they are behaving. Routing for
Putting a coca cola lid on a mountain dew bottle.
thanks so much!
wat up evry body just up tweetin anybody awake
It's good to see you online Free, I was wondering when a Pimp was gon' show up.
"“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there” - Will Rogers"
are you serious? Sigh. Bakersfield is far. Are your parents letting you go?
Romney needs to shut up, he's a dumbass.
hear about Carly Rae jepsen's call me maybe at 90210! :D
great idea. Taking as action 4 me. “: RT : Q4) Share conference hashtags | Have the home team participate... #lrnchat”
TWO THINGS TO REMEMBER: DON'T make decisions when you're angry and DON'T make promises when you're happy.
Report finds city of LA could expect to receive additional $5.8 million in property taxes in the next fiscal year.
amazing musicians. :) Which is your favorite album?!
sorry lo vi el otro dia y me fui a comer .
Is George Mason in Arlington still shut down in both directions over by the hospital? Trying to plan my route home....
Are You An Independent Artist??? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!
That unfortenate moment when u relize ur to poor to afford a decent haircut
Waiting to hear from Facebook's head of learning and development Stuart Crabb at
Have you thought of how each candidate could utilize #CST to connect more effectively with the electorate
thank you :) The Happy Dance is yet to be captured, but soon will be. It's the cutest thing where she hops around in excitement!
Thank you!!!
I followed you :)
All these pics my dude puts up makes me wanna dip work and go to Florida!
Am going for a workout to clear my head
Our $30,000 BBJP is primed and ready, come on down and try your luck, good, bad or otherwise.
I should have gone out earlier so I could make sure I'm in time to watch
HAHA. We'd be labeled the next Todd Foreman... Oy, not a good thing.
is it just me or is everyone in a shithole mood today? or have i put everyone in a shithole mood?
If you would 'like' to become a friend of the Autism Spectrum Center please send friends requests to Gerri Taylor
RT If you graduated from college,
- What is this Pantone you speak of? What's crackin Heidelberg?!
I'm a Madonna fan, but kind of disappointed. She still can sing though.
LOL - 'Interrupted another couple from audience about to kiss on parking garage elevator! Sorry! Um...4th floor please!
loves how present #mendeley is on twitter. If only I could tweet a question about every app I use and get direct answers from the devs.
me to.
It doesn't require a belief in a "higher being" to have morals, values or to live "right". RT :
Linked in asked if i know Carey Ann Parker Sales & Marketing at Steve Parker Productions, Inc. Didn't even know I had my own production co.!
how am i gonna send yu a pic :)
#TheySay you never know what you have until its gone.
Man I'm so sick of this bullshit.
Hey #Leafs fans, why don't you go back to heckling your own terrible goalies?
you're lucky
RT : All zeroes through 4.5 innings. 'Topes looking to get on the board in the B-5.
Good Morning Twitter!
can use the AC and the heater in the same day. Which happens ALL THE TIME. Lol
much light love to your day !!
thank you love!
Any plans on a new book? I've finished crush it, and close to finishing the TYE.
liked you better when you were black and hated on the deaf kid...
Feeling gamey yall best d up
Lmaoo that's fine 😊
whatever gets you through the day lol
it probably stands for masterpiece, his nickname.
Hey, Laura! - Happy New Year. When will you be back in NE?
going live at 4pm with a brand-new from On Deck downtown! www.trailblazers.tv
#ASKBRODY What's your favorite thing that you like about me?
RT The older I get, the more I think I owe my parents an apology...
Just got tics to Blackhawks/Red Wings game for tonight.
San Antonio: 20% chance of a shwr today and evening in SA, strong storms SE counties. Today: Mostly cloudy, 20% chance of a rain. High 80.
is it bad that I can't even read my own handwriting...? Regardless, that brings back good memories of wandering through Berlin!
Gosh that guy at Kroger was chatty. Nice, though.
Sometimes I wonder how I got so lucky to have you as my girlfriend. But then I realize....wait I still don't know how. I love u
I'm just gonna stay up for a few days I got too much on my mind to even consider sleep
Thanks for the RT, see you tomorrow!
If the Knicks could get Carmelo, we could get your startup the resources it needs. Come find us at www.BizCocoon.com
Iron man or Hulk I would love being that rich spontaneous smart ass genius with a High tech super metal suit! Id be fly as fuck
can you get back to me
So I'ma fsu with these guise saturday. & ;D
and again u r one strange lil girl,so lol what r up to? :) <33
Ha! That was a great game though, good for ash for putting up such a fight
Is anyone going to see them at the Emerson soon?
that's interesting
SO GRATEFUL: Thank you to all of my new and existing clients this month. Your support means a lot to me.
I was on a ship train!!!!!
Bring your special one out for a nice dinner!
Best nap of my life.
Trying to wrap my brain around Tinker Tailor. I must Ve missed something vital in act 1.
Ladies you are not ready for the surprises that we are about to bring you!!! Anyone want to guess what these surprises are??
Hey Do you still make crowns? I want to use them in a lesson for middle-schoolers!
wait why we're Yahll on the news lol ?
dude way the hell??
You really messed up with this update. I am going to have to find better program much like old tweet deck. Can you get the hint?
Lil Trill - Retarded
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 19
Jimmy Kimmel scores on both teams at White House Correspondence dinner. Celebrities cheapened the event for me.
- just got back in.. Its so boring O_o
Got my good taste in music from my dad
seriously...is that poop or meatballs?
Can never get a brake
that's what I get!!! your talking about the one in north side Denver right!?
Backyard cleanup pt. 1 is done. LOTS of awesome salamanders back there!
Someone ran their car into the front doors of the school...
": Don’t make excuses for people they know how they’re SUPPOSED to treat you they just choose to treat you wrong."
The next exciting news: MischiefMaker is going to be selling zombies at the 13th Floor Haunted House! 13thfloorhauntedhouse.com
Task, managerial, and leadership are the main areas of work today - Ron Carlee of ICMA
Yes, really. Every time I think the sick thugs at NRA can't go any lower, they find a way to sink beneath even themselves.
That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker & there's no way around them.
I love the idea - we should pitch it to Bain/LJow/Kate PM?
I miss tropical weather pretty much every day
just got an awesome deal on yoga classes through LivingSocial. so excited!
yeah we did!
We do! We can send one of our reporters out to deliver some by tomorrow or Thursday
there is no other way to be! Either appreciate the music or get the fuck out so everyone else can! :)) #followback <33
yeeeey cant wait!
I think I finally see what everyone else saw in you.
Off for dinner out then I AM MY OWN WIFE @ Seattle Rep. I understand some sporting event is taking place tonight as well? Madge?
LOL okay then
what is up josh!?!
Does your kisses mean anything or is it just your way of escaping from your troubles?
Multiple projects and impending deadlines make me prolific. Normally, I'm super lazy. (Not saying you're lazy....)
RIP sweet Mr Dick Clark! You will be missed.....
8 months today with 💙
Sometimes I feel like the only person who dislikes A Song of Ice and Fire and American Gods.
Brazilian - "Favela Soul Party" Bollywood Cafe : 19th and Mission San Francisco Sat, June 4, 10pm
yes it def is. Beats our fests anyday. I like Madison Wisconsin a lot too.
you raise a good question... we r following community benefit initiatives
sometime during our long late night talks, our laughs together, and the random acts of kindness ... i fell in love :)
effed up #priorities. Sofia has nice cleavage but it's never pulled ratings like SBXLV ;)
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
William Ewart Gladstone Great talent finds happiness in execution.
There are hourly usage minutes on twitter? Really???
well i guess im off for the nite bout to talk to him GNT
I absolutely believe Spike Lee would lose a civil lawsuit in a second!!! Z's family should sue him!
Make ALL your regrets, as a Lesson learned.
#MilwaukeeDictionary Trapping Out here walking hood to hood or just yo hood
Hell 'just froze-over', as they say; I've waited 25 years to hear someone laud Borges / Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius!
haha i dont even know him but one night he called my dad asking for a ride. My dad asked "Jake do you know a Jeremy Gonzalis" haha
Sorry. I was on Ambien last night & don't remember answering back. Lollollol
Work time..
oh yes...LONG before him!
Soo uhh wanna be a doll and give me your math homework tomorrow at lunchh?(:
Ugh. - 8k by leveling myself that this guy was making a move (he had kings). 20kish.
Stay warm! 18 inches of snow? We were struggling here in Seattle with 1/4 of that!
i like stephen A. smith, but he (like the rest of espn) will overlook the SPURS any day of the week and twice on sundays
I am so glad it's Friday (:
Agreed very sad news. We all pray for peace and an end to terrorism. Hamas MUST be stopped!
Right back at ya Bernie! Go Brewers!! RT I hope you were the passenger! Love !
Hey UC Irvine! We have the perfect idea for your spring break destination! Head up to !
I fly in that night.
Just heard Matt King scream with joy from the floor below. Nerlens Noel to Kentucky.
girl I know how you feel. Saw a picture of it w/a bunch of other Southern food online and got a real bad craving for it.
Fuck my family and passig down their terrible feet gene
"Good Afternoon America, how are you? Don't you know me? I'm your native son!"
Its s day of relaxation......maybe
Hearing a Holocaust survivor tell her tale makes all of my life's stupid problems seem, well, stupid. Thank you, Raye David, for sharing.
Lately as we continue focus on the Core Attitudes of Jesus, it has lead me to ask how well are they the core attitudes for my family?
Nickel and dime hustlers I'm now hundreds and thousands hustlers
I used to blast Metallica on my walkman cassette player in middle school!
Any One Wanna Talk
stupid ppl kill for stupid reasons
I laugh when I see girls with suspicious eyebrows!
Good morning, everyone. Now, when someone says "Good Morning" to you, it's always nice to say it back. Let's not be rude.
“: that's the 2nd one. The 3rd one has matthews and is equally stupid ,Right?” Commercial GENIUS!
Employers plan to #hire 21% more recent #grads this year: goo.gl/5bg9z (via )
thanks for the shout out!!! Hope you're diggin the tunes - nice to meet you :)
your "friend" blaming about things that are serious and then being friends with them again. . . your a sick person lmao GROW UP
Finally eating dinner
right now they are done for the season - but what do you need help with?
Oh, shit. I should be studying D:
Oh god. Today is awful
just wondering: how many of you actually listen to podcasts?
“The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.” ~Hazrat Inayat Khan
Benefit of Being Jobless: Daily encouragement from friends reminding me that I was too damn good for the old job anyway.
I'm so drunk lmao
me me me ive got 8.5" that needs a place a go
I write to make sense of the world, to discover what I think, to share what I'm passionate about.
Why does the word "moist" strike me as gross, while the word "damp" doesn't? The connotation isn't really different.
Goldberg: how do narrative modes represent the relationship between lament and innocence of the subject?
i gotta give props to my body cause most people would get sick with the hell i put my body through
Loved tonights episode!
#ECHELON3000 TONIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT YOOO!! #TEAMSELFISH COME TURN UP!!
What happens to DH researches when the supporting faculty retire?
Week 4 #PhillyHunt Clue: Don't let the #ice #storm stop you from picking up The Daily #News tomorrow, the question will come from the paper.
Why am I at the lake?
Therapists in the Congo? I highly doubt it. What do you think?
Happy birthday to one of the world's master storytellers - ! You always keep it interesting. :)
Mayans may be right about 2012. With dick clark dead, how will we ever get to 2013!?
heyy! I'm fine thankyou I love your pic hehe:) how are you? :)x
the same one as mine
RT “: Santorum quits presidential race. Gingrich informed he did not win The Masters.”
Conojitos for lunch today y'all! Put that in your paper plate & smoke it...
To have nice things WHILE acknowleding that you don't NEED them and being able to live WITHOUT them.
Yeah, can put edible flowers on anything and I will stare dreamily out the window while I eat :)
Within 10 minutes of Fellowship, Gandalf quotes Toucan Sam and the Transformers. Was that guy a child of the 80’s or what?
At Barktober Fest pouring beer. Come support lollypop farm and have a beer
Thanks so much Mike!!!! Shout-outs always appreciated!
The best Gyros in Milwaukee!!!!
Oh I see. II
I love being here to help people if they need it. :)
I work with the most awesome peeps!
lol thanks dre jus got to the caf an saw it too... Good story thoughright
OMG I love you so much.
Today I will be human pin cushion...getting five shots and blood drawn for school. I am TERRIFIED of needles!
On a side note, that was the first email I received from twitter with their new @ reply notifications!
Great piece today on #bepollen, ! I think this calls for coffee again soon! Game on?
DC: The green team received another endorsement from a local tabloid. Fortunately for us its the votes that count. GRAY 2010.
Thanks to Professor Dave & Vaginomics 101, I'll be prepared for my first time
Thought Monday was gonna suck but this weather is making it all good
RT : Enjoying on soundcloud ...laying outside ☀☀☀☀
AppliancesConnection ® Coupon Codes &amp; Discounts
thanks I will try to catch it at 9
Same ol Same ol
7 and 7 is the choice of drink for the night, never disapoints
Best team that started 12-42 ever!!!
Thx for the note! We'll pass it along.
Don't you just love 3 day weekends? Ah, what to do today!
Tonight I'm spinning at Beckett's on lincoln ave and catch my mixes 10-11pm & 1-2am on 1035 kiss fm chicago!
May is strawberry month. What do you do with strawberries? We bake cupcakes!
Put My Dick In Your Face !
At the Embarcadero BART station, someone is smoking down here, I thought there was a fire at first.
You aint gotta , you aint gotta , you aint gotta you aint gotta ...
Fitness - if it came in a bottle, everybody would have a great body. ~Cher
yes at 5pm. Why? Oh and no credit!!
Lol we were joking around & said that if we got interviewed we will say " were the ICONic kidz from honolulu hawaii" oh gosh so funny!
I didn't see a bike outside today, maybe they sold it
it was actually the world's coolest admin, so Jeff is off the hook. Country is lame, FYI.
: I always do that and fail epically each time:/
- Geisha Doll, gangbanger or ? #hideous makeup
What causes audition anxiety? You worry that something you want to happen, wont;You worry that something you dont want to happen, will.
A Zero-Sum Game. Remember
Getting ready for podcast tonight, we'll be interviewing a National Recruiting Analyst. We'll be talking UK recruiting news.
We crapped out early of the staff do but it sure was fun while it lasted! Snowballs, southern bastards, and tin angels.
RT : We missed a few day so here are TWO of the EIGHT dishes for the first Hatchi Truck Stop event at Breadbar:......
- thought you were slick ...
google the word FUCR and tell me which one you like the best??? lol I like the cannabis one, not the leather "Bear" ones!
Perfect way to end the weekend...dinner at Cava.
Link away, my friend. I'll do the same. Go Browns!
: my name is max and i should never leave my twitter open on scooter's computer.
I was not once carded in Vegas. As much as I wish it were because I am VIP, it's probably because I'm haggard.
omg Cameron and Haley broke up:o on his birthday
The baguette has come to be something of a symbol for France! Try one @ Firehook Bakery w/butter & jam & a nice glass of vin rouge.
Agreed. For good or bad, we always get the tamer versions of ads.
Via www.curriculum21.ning.com Awesome resource, her framework.
Love this quote, courtesy of Bob Magruder: "You have a direction and you have a nose. Be sure to pick your direction and not your nose."
did it stay in the Horizon league?
Ten’s favorite quote: Mark Twain on Wagner’s music: It’s not as bad as it sounds.
Really? Journalism is "still ethical"? The money-making end of journalism seems to have traded ethics for clicks.
Gonna miss these Cats
why do we have to fight for publicity for a missing person, but a politician can send pics in his undies and get nationwide attention!
Those are really cool!
family, friends...
Sorting out Twitter lists - get on board! Such a good way to organize my twitter!
Reema Major's In This Life >
Was using as a verb.
just at the pacific rim championships when Georgia Simpson from Australia dislocated her ankle on floor. Sick.
where r u from ur boyfriend
this evening it had went down
I feel like #Gone is going to be like
