It's moments like these that make following football on Twitter so great....
RIP Davy Jones. Oh, boy. I loved you so....
an 16th girl pregnant because she was raped: How pity :( . an 16th girl pregnant because of her bf: SLUTTY BITCH!
I'll do some more #wouldyou tomorrow... Goodnight tweeters
The new show is so good! Congrats! :)
The branch will be closed during spring break (3/3 to 3/12). However, a representative will be onsite anwering phones and emails.
That's the PK unit we saw during the season! Keep it up boys!
Anyone from Milwaukee going to #BlogHer11?
I'm a lazy texter. Unless you're cute, or I like you.
Ugh crappy.
To all those mamas and all them future mamas to be.....
Follow Back ?! Please we love you, <3
I really hope it doesnt rain 'till i get home 'cause I don't know how to turn my windshield wipers on.
Good morning! The pho ga from Saigon Bay on Fowler never disappoints. M thai basil.
Cranberry and Orange Granola Recipe from Bon Appétit
If Rihanna wasn't alive 93% of the songs on the radio would be different.
Thanks Dee! You are "this is" my 1st Tweet ever. A Veryy Happy Thankgiving to you and the Fam! <3
that's too mainstream, broskii
how is that new?
so I'm watching regular show.. and its the summertime lovin one xD
The system is messed up!
Do it!
of course. Ur hot
Big dump of numbers... Romeny climbs back in it.. Santorum's lead less than 200 votes.. 47% reporting.
Rangers / Tigers is gonna be one fuck of a series.
why is the church not stepping in to replace the horrible advertisers that defected from #Rush???
Awesome! Happy anniversary.
Just saw this - I was on a roadtrip for a shoot - thanks for posting. You heading back for the holidays?
what you mean that's where they goin' have his press conference.
I've met my match. This has never happened before.
RT : Q4) What are you doing to prepare the people in your organization for change?
Chandra :: Resources :: Podcasts :: Transcript :: Listening to Light
no just give it to them haha
Let's go to Little T's!
"Ultimately, you're only a leader if somebody's willing to follow you."-Alan Trefler, founder and CEO of Pegasystems
Back in Manhattan for a few days. Last 6 wk parenting call today. Gearing up for 2 FRRE LAVE TALKS Wed Woodridge NJ. Interviewing 3 families
Lost the link...
Thanks to presentation last night at Madison Java User Group. Hybrid mobile apps using: JBOSS, mobileQuery, Cordova & OpenShift
Planning stages now, am thinking pan fried, black bean sauce, tamal de huitlacoche, chile de arbol espuma
the vast majority of everyone i've talked to over age 30 prefers keyboard (??) seems like they cd find a market.
Tonight is the start of the #NBA season. Who ya got, #Celtics or #Heat? Who will be the best #Fantasy #Basketball player tonight?
Sweetheart, stop throwing yourself at every man I'm the room, it's super obvious and obviously none of them want anything to do with you...
Glad to hear it ! Send an email with your interest to . We'll be contacting people soon!
yea i agree but jack morris shoulda got in. He was good for so many years. There are some peeps who dont deserve too be on
Hope you had a blast at the party! Sorry to have missed the bash & missed seeing you!
XtremePower Inground Above Ground Swimming Pool Cleaner- vacuums for pools
first day of snow, reminds me of the first day i made it rain
"Friends are the most important ingredient in this recipe of life."
Just listening to jackson5, wow. Today's boybands sbould just hang it up.
English teacher has a horse fetish.
Home sale prices in the U.S. are expected to fall a further 2.4 percent in the second half of 2011
stank booty girl!
hmm. where r u now?
According to my Polish friend, American football should be referred to as "handegg."
not really... I want to figure out my plan today, prob will do an expanded version of Hal Higdon's training plan!
downloaded 's new Christmas album today!
Somewhere, a smart Lasik surgeon has an office full of brochures that are all slightly out of focus."
everyone that has recently followed me, i'll follow you back asap. i'm on my phone and its hard. ;|
Needs to be RT : The 2012 Playmate of the Year will be announced at a luncheon at the Playboy Mansion tomorrow.
no clue I haven't heard from anyone. I will send out an email.
“ The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was.”
noo dont go to bed yet
So much rain WOW thanks weather man for screwing up my weekend it's hot and sunny here
I'm falling in love with the acoustic versions !
Single, at prom, still had a great time! Now to after prom to have an even better time!!!
I'll look for the nerd inthe corner
Pretty solid birthday so far
Scott boras, will you be my life agent...
"It is later than you think." -sundial inscription
If I didn't have a test at 2:30 I would just go sit in my car all day with the windows down.
Needs sleep and a shower with w :)
Just got to the studio...finally stopped raining
Want to read Two With Water? Find us in print and We'll also be March 13!
etextbooks is an area I should learn more about. we're prepping an ebook webinar and it's 1 session topic
Thanks to everyone for your birthday wishes. One of the best weekends of my life. Family, friends, home, sports and my wonderful wife!!!
RT : lol idk bout that. But it's good to be back on air fam. !
Rain, ice or snow? Doesn't matter what comes down tonight, we're open for all classes at both locations to get your OM on...
Flip. Sick.
Your message made me smile this morning. Thanks! :)
Super Bowl Halftime today will be 31 minutes long (only 12 minutes long in regular season)...find something to do, or change outfits
Me: "I've done absolutely nothing today." Dad: "Well you napped...and then ate food..." Thanks
did it 40 times already! Im about to go find a #payphone!
it's another copy of my book.
Hello Liam. I'm Elizabeth.
The New Normal blog -- The beginnings, what is the NewNormal and, later, what you can do to survive as a business owner....
Congrats #BenjaminN.Cardoza Seniors!! Are you still looking for money to pay for school? It's not too late to set up your fundraising page.
yeah, and on text. we cobbled this one together with #transmedia ()
Girl Scout cookies are deliciously evil.
Awesome French Toast muffins #Grandparentsday bfast nicely done
Good luck to . Make EDM proud!
hahahah, shut up! NO. But - I get the hair.
Now THAT'S the Beckett I know and love! Go SOX!
marketers should think of themselves like software, not hardware. be open to continuous upgrades
The back of my DSLR is a bit larger then a smart phone screen. Well then why is it not a touch screen with processors & wifi with Android?
Oops, tweeted too soon. 5 guys total. RT : #Orioles C Taylor Teagarden and 3B Mark Reynolds also having lower back stiffness.
Now i am being eaten alive by a mosquito! or plural...more than one! lol
If your reading this go follow
cool. i hope it goes well.
Bring Back Ringer 5
You more a fan of: 1) 'White Stripes', 2) Charlie Rose / Art of the Interview, 3) Analysis of Myriad Creative Inspirations? :)
We are! And spaghetti squash can never truly replace ravioli.
It's great to be a Michigan Wolverine!
And my theory panned out. Makes me happy when that happens.
I didn't get that screen. I'm hoping it just straightens itself out. Keep me posted if you don't mind.
agree, maybe a cpyrt lawyer would hlp. who is also a humanist.
I really enjoy this Bubba Watson dude.
Prob gonna bubble but could still conceivably win 116k... 31k at bb2400 3 off the money
you guys look hot :)
Gonna chill with my family(:
1 class down, 3 to go!
Rather impressed with the ease of use of a TWIT sponsor.
Oh, you can dougie? I'm super impressed.
's the only reason why I watch Jersey Shore!
“: We're getting closer - Just 12 hours until Midnight Madness and the release of Justice League 1. #52midnight”
i just want her to quit talking about taylor so he can get on with his life!
thanks for the follow man, anyone from my hometown is a friend of mine.
Man.. They promised us the weekend off. All three days. Now they are saying we have to work saturday.. Suck!!!!
Columbus would be lovely if she went 45, but Columbus is so close to Tupelo, that would make no sense.
it is good shit my dude, keep doing your thing homie!
Well, I suppose if I wanted to reduce my coffee intake I could just keep making this dreadful flavored crap. But I don't.
it was good. #Kman demanded pancakes this morning
Working on booking some secret talent for "We Are The Federation" you guys won't want to miss this, the official announcement coming 6.1.11
5 years ago at this very minute I married the most amazing woman. Thank you Manda for five wonderful years and I look forward to many more.
did mine yesterday! Ah feels great esp. right before & after finals lol
Challenge to designers: create a new design feature/technique that is accessible.
Ripped jeans skin was showin, hot night wind was blowin, where you think you goin baby?
Not directly focused on homeless but related areas (child welfare, treatment and neighborhood issues). Def will be in touch.
Are you get a new P.O. Box so we can send you things when you move to Miami? If so please tweet us it! Thanks and good luck!<3
Come on in and get your gyro! We're open till 3 AM! Nothing better than a gyro after a long nite of drinking!!!
hang in there, it can only get better.
GO FOLLOW ! HER BIRTHDAY IS FRIDAY! ;D
You ever just sit in the dark late night and think about your life and everything you would do diff if you could go back and change things
naaa man don't worry about it. Maybe wednesday night then if that works.
All we do is _____ and _____
Strange day.
"This is a no-brainer. The people of Wisconsin have led the fight against the radicals" -Judith Bosworth, Anacortes, WA
our generation and the next generations to come are going to need some serious salary increases to obtain education
Yes, it was THX!
whatever u say, ask him yourself and tell him not to lie to
- What were you thinking, giving this a-hole a show? With so many more talented & likable alternatives? So disappointed!
"You do not have to change for God to love you. Be grateful for your sins. They are carriers of grace." -Anthony de Mello
As a businessman, I am surprised that you have not been able to understand how gas prices are set!
& you looked SO good!! "That was divine."
not over you, lovebug, over being photographed when I'm EATING MAH COOKIESNACKS. xo
Watch the Do Something Awards at 9 tonight to see if you can spot and me! Were seated with the families!
Yes, It depends on the photo. If you email me the photo, I can take a look
If there's something you don't like about someone, don't expect them to change it for YOU.
but MIcheal has been longer in singing hhhhmmmm
NASCAR, downhill skiing, gymnastics, cheerleading, most any winter game, fencing, why stop at one?
R.I.P. RICK RICK AND FELLA <3
My first actor's workshop tonight. I'm so excited and appreciate for all her help.
In a show I like to open my set with all my clean stuff first which usually entails saying,"Hi guys! My name is Eric- thanks for having me!"
Tiffany, stop cyber #bullying #specialneeds parents & professionals via Twitter and blogs.
Hi everyone! Hope the weather in Portland is lovely
Good luck with the event!
I'm off work. What is everybody doing?
Quit hating on my makeup Beto. I tried ):
They make me so happy I love them so much
Enjoying the graphic novel Kimmie66 by Aaron Alexovich for #thankfullyreading and
Blah, I really need to shower, but that involves getting off the couch.
that would be interesting Drake and Yeezy
awesome! Don't forget to invite some friends :)
What song/songs would you like to hear an acoustic version of??
at school..yay twitters not blocked!
Governor what do you think of LAUSD hiring "Social Media Director" but sending 11000 pink slips to teachers?
May 1st... wow only for days till Cinqo De Mayo
Don't forget to nominate your company for a free breakfast! Tweet at and use hashtag #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. First 5 will win!
Dey drag my name through the mud and i just dont understand, i hope somewhere in GODs plan he make me a forgiving MAN! -YGeeDot-
Forget wind farms anyway. We've got Rick Santorum
An athlete’s will determines their skill. Deep desire, coupled w/ unbreakable sense of inner will & determination, is unbeatable combination
Today (Halloween, 10/31) is your last chance to catch 's #Halloween and the instant classic on the big screen!
I'm also a sucker for Asian women. *Shrugs* China town is a must this summer lol
I'd work in bp. And best buy might still be happening. I don't know haha
“Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death” ~Albert Einstein
Saturday's tabling will be equipped with WiFi, y'know, if the tactile gets boring. Come to the info table on Sat for login info.
You just made my week. Thank you.
love me for ME.
The whole stickK team is supporting you!
Remember, duplicate content is not a penalty.
AMEN!!! What a narcissistic sociopath
What is #Milwaukee's position on city foreclosed properties? Is there opposition to making them available to responsible investors?
Give me somethin' that'll haunt me when you're not around, cause I see, sparks fly, whenever you smile
in this world you can't respect nobody who dont respect you str8-up
They have awesome coffee!
Unfollow this page and follow. My new page
will be killing it tonight Hit me up for bottle service & guest list. Got my dancing shoes shined! How bout u?
I'll shimmy shimmy wut wut just for you! ;)
Soul food Sunday's Meat loaf, greens ,mac & cheese and cornbread.....get it here!!!
The saying goes, "Let your conscience be your guide." Bad conscience = terrible behavior towards life and the living.
Promise you won't be disappointed, follow
Heat. No doubt.
I didn't tweet that shit bitch. Quit making up shit and get a fuckin life.
Ha. Keep trying! what are the odds I get response from coach B about offering Evans and Hines....lol
Ellen Degenerous I think
I didn't think Apple could top my dislike for the "call me rock god" kid, but they did
so true <333
This is just a black hole where I dump things into in hopes that I never see them again.
Woke up with my earphones wrapped round my neck...how did I not manage to strangle myself?
IF ONE PERSON YELLS AT ME, IM GONNA SNAPP. I swear.....
Whoever said relationships must be 50/50 is a LIAR! Relationships are 100/100! Each person must give 100%! Last I checked 50% is an "F"
This is exactly why I stopped using Spotify. The ad volume level was always off, deafening me and/or coworkers
Tough loss vs. Cedar Cliff - Prep gets just 1 hit in 5-1 loss. Will Flood pitched 4 inns, 0 earned runs, 0 BB, 60% strikes.
my class wanted to know what's wrong with you mentally lol when I showed them our pictures
I just finished a 4.02 mi run with a time of 41:05 with Nike+ GPS.
'The Lion King' Dethrones 'Phantom' Nearly 15 years after it made its debut to both critical and popular acclaim, "The Lion King" has top
There's no +1 button on that article! What am I supposed to do with it?!
Please join me in raising your glasses to Al Davis. Just win, baby. Thank you.
Able to get comment in. Interesting conversation.Thanks! , popup ad in way of commenting.
Terrific weekend! My sister got married. Family gatherings. Now off to New York for Tuesday's appearance on Regis & Kelly.
what is that? lmao
*creys* LET'S JUST FOCUS ON THE FACT THAT MY IUE IS DONE.
RT : Today on Yom Ha'atzmaut, cheers to Israel and all who care deeply for it. Happy 64th year of independence!
uhh ya i most deff was.
They squeaked it out!! #LakeShow. On 2 the series I wanted all along. KD/KB. Durantula vs Bean. Who eats & who gets eaten?
Ooh, baby, I be stuck to you like glue, baby
are you going to ? thought of u when saw: The Beauty of Social Networking for Your Business
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Amanda Bynes Arrested for DUI! I sorta think this is a right of passage and good publicity, assuming she doesn't Lohandle it badly.
MT : is our community leader this week! They fundraised to support our work. Thanks for leading the way!
I'm going rogue and adding a 30th and 31st onto February. March must wait.
that's hot
Speak up! AFC is crafting a new strategic plan for the next three years -- and we need your input. Please complete this online survey....
It's because I recommended you for a new graphic novel, wasn't it? Your ears were burning, right?
weed is bad mm
hello, can you DM us more info? Which adapter? (FC, NIC, etc) What OS and what driver version? Thanks!
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.'
thank you!
hahahahahahaha Dick Cheney!
I'm going to snack you right in the moewth
Yikes! to paying all.
Last 2 out of 3 days have included #Wakeboarding This summer is gonna be sweet.
I read your blog and e-mails and they have been really helpful for me and my boyfriend
So who has used the Bonavita brewer? Thoughts?
Enjoyed sleeping in this morning!
I would love to see a cam focused on Cena during this.
looking great!! Dominate that interview girl!!! :)
Meeting Time...Tweet Ya' Later...!
a hit man lol sounds so shady!! like wow
DJ Khaled Talks Lil Wayne's 'Welcome To My Hood' Verse
Back in the van and on our way to Columbus, OH, for tonight's show Pumped for a great Friday night! Come on out, C-bus!
hahaha my freind and I made nicknames for each other. She's Toast and I'm Jam :D lol this reminded me of it
Are you ready for a heat wave? Come on down to the San Antonio Event Center Saturday & Sunday! Cars,bands, and tattoos!
Stay tuned, discount newsletter coming soon!!!
Cool thoughts behind #SocialMachine - thumbs up for connecting digital + social + where you are and those around you
An DnB is the best music to run to!!! That is all....
love your profile pic on Facebook! So proud to see my ad up! #CREATE is going to be killer! cc:
#morningjoe You miss the point on the recall, it is more than just unions. This wasn't just about 'math'. You will see, you will see.
Cartoon network shows are so weird 😳 awkwardest cartoons of life....
I wonder how many guy followers I have that are #Virgins ??? Probably just the one that's Suspect ctfu
hope he feels better! Give him a kiss in the forehead and tell him everything is gonna be fine for me lol
'Since the economy tanked, you can't get an ad off the air because they need the money' -Cleta Mitchell about U.S TVstations via
Yea yea yea Lost By 29 But Got 29,00000 more wins than the Heat Ever will call it
GOP pres debates are about the worst reality TV there is.
email us at we are looking for funders and filling spaces in our team am sure there are many ways to help
CORRECTION ! BFFX2 !! But We Are Lol .
Always glad to help! Give me a shout when the demo comes out and I'd appreciate if you would check out ! Thanks!
Ok ok the rumors are true!
#herworld. Loved having you here. Great event, great message. You all rock!
working on the new layout for our website!
"The perfume of the whole experience..."- ballerina Alexandra Danilova
The best way to get a man to do something is to suggest they are too old for it.
The only time you wanna nut is when you google my ass ;)
Stu prefers pingpong these days.Not sure bout ,think he prefers
can you email those to me? I'm sure I have them but my tranzformer folder is a mess haha
uggh love the way u think
Hey New York state - catch our Sessions on WCNY PBS this Wed at 11:30 p.m.
When I got on the road this morning I had to remind myself to drive on the right.
drink time with =]
computer tip: place your computer screen 20-26 inches away from your face and slightly below eye level to avoid eye fatigue.
sorry you can't handle my fangirling. lolololol. I'm done, don't worry :)
What SNL couldn't find someone to play Ron Paul? Still funny though #thiscampaignwasthetimeofmylife O wait, I work for Mitt! #CampaignOn !
come to the burgh for your birthday! I'll treat you around the city! AND you get to meet a real life
I'm returning to DC in a few days. Having mixed feelings about family and distance. And 80 degree weather vs. 40 degree weather.
nothing like sonic to get the bladder working
Man these new impalas have horrible blind spots -_-
I meant
No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks. – Saint Ambrose
A+B - Horizon (Bee Low)
Looking for VC or someone willing to take a chance on a small startup. If you are int or know someone interested i would be hapy to talk
have you heard if anyone else has gotten their fun Canopy stuff?
RE: Dread: I hear you!
I swear, I must have been a dog in a previous life because I really enjoy going on long drives.
I parked behind an audi tt and a bentley has just gone behind me hope I can get out of this spot later.
Brittany: Aw! She looks pretty in her yellow dress!(: Bethany: It won't be yellow for long...
God Ben Barnes is so beautiful I don't know what to do with myself
Happy birthday !! Funniest Phish fan on twitter. Hopefully I'll see you at Alpine, San Fran and Dick's
#MMAF2011 "success in mobile requires a smarter distribution of wealth"
B1G TEN Championship Showdown Tomorrow! Join us at 3:30pm to watch MSU beat OSU!!!
100% agree RT : Great experience tonight with , and many other engaged residents!
Great ballet class today! If you missed this one, Join us for the next one next monday at 5:45-6:45!!
Don't follow your dreams; chase them. - Richard Dumb #dreams #inspiration #lawof attraction
As always, gross. Grab a wet wipe or something. Austin deserves a hug before you leave it a sad, lonely mess.
HOLIDAY DAY SHOW PHOTOS START TODAY!!! Don't forget your costume, tights, shoes, makeup, bobby pins, etc!! YOUR A STAR TODAY KIDDOS!!
Heading over to Pinterest for a good make-up dinner recipe. I might even make a light dessert.
Why are tumblr girls so perfect??
Really short stack, having a real tough time today
Playing "Anna Sun" right now! RT Just heard on on my way to work. Great job guys!
Ah my friend mentioned that. Of course you know I'm ready to train you.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. ~William Arthur Ward
Need some new people to follow.....getting bored.
Is March 2011 correct?
best scale ever!
PIZZA WAVE
My bracket is beating 3.2 percent of America. Wow.
being on the road-maybe download the movie- promise it will make u want to help! Please check it out #much♥
St. Patrick's Day is my least favorite holiday. It's just drunk white people puking green.
20% OFF only for my Twitter Followers! Code at Checkout: ATWIT20
RT Check it out: Kineo's February Newsletter is out and chock full o' elearning goodness
For this #followfriday I'd like to highlight - executive director of the San Diego Green Building Council, and a great guy
wat yall know about that old school???
@ Bar Marmont. Damn good.
isn't that what humans do best, sadly?
Thanks for the RT!
omg so hyper. holy shit. yo buy me ice coffees more often.
So ready for spring break. How many weeks? No wait...don't tell me. I'll just pretend it's right around the corner.
Why is it so hard to find an #artist to do a cover when there are so many starving artists
Did you know that the first American to brew a lager was John Wagner, in 1840? There's a #beer with some history.
ur awsome and so if fremiens and shake it up sorry if my spelling is not right ur awsome
So nice having a live-in massage therapist. How did I ever live without one?
Beginning of painting class - clean hands. End of painting class - looks like I slaughtered and buried a few animals.
My boys are on FIRE tonight.
This! RT “: I'd love to see Darren Sproles go grocery shopping. I bet he gets it all done in less than 3 minutes.”
The world can always use more pictures of puppies...and rhubarb :)
Toliet paper rolls look like oversized marshmellows with a ginormous hole in the middle
SWEET! Of course I remember you! Send me a link, I'd love to read your reviews.
I had a dream that I lived on old London with this British girl I go to school with. What a dandy dream.
thank you! One can only assume, right?
oh yeah I forgot
Sour nights
thanks! We hope you'll join us!
although that role sounds right for me. You submitted me, right? ;)
ok, I promise though about the skype
I wanna change mines to powder pink who did yours
Great time #rehearsing scenes with some friends. #practice,
Thank you! We are so excited! Soon I'll be tweeting you from our official #iSTEP account. Stay tuned ;)
Outstanding workshop and VO session today with at vo2gogo! What a fabulous way to spend a Tuesday....or any day!
Criminal Minds..
thanks bud. ;o)
" bounce out w.Rambo im finna feed this n*, 007 , 223 this n*
Another question, people in SA! Who's gonna go to KROV when I'm there to hang out with and ? Everyone?Thought so
spicuzza asked about appropriateness of riot gear, objects to term: "it's protective gear."
Today's Soups: Cream of Asparagus, Chicken Matzo Ball, & Chili
Got our SSL bugs ironed out today. Now for the Geolocation coding and we're rolling!
Chest- done. Bi's-done.
Apples to Apples is a gift from God.
Letting my fear & feelings of unworthiness have control of my relationships have resulted in pain and loss of amazing people..
I need a stunna baby, keep it A1
We are born into the world of nature; our second birth is into the world of spirit. -Bhagavad-gita
How many games do you think have actually been won because Bochy played match-ups?
Last Tuesday, I started my job at the saloon. Today, I quit.
I had to man lol
Excited for the show on Friday. I quite enjoy Pariah.
My latest followers
went to the screening of "I Want My Name Back" at Atl Film Festival. Focus on hip hop icons Wonder Mike and Master Gee of Rappers Delight.
Campaigning for President should be like the reality show The Voice. Who cares what they look like or how well they speak.
that is true...
Think with your heart in this matter know that its meant to be
Ha! That's funny. I didn't mean it like THAT! It eventually did help though. Happy Christmas!
RT ": First 12 who follow for me gets a shoutout + followback from me i promise , #HURRY !"
Flora Mississippi Rising Stars follow Them
yeah go out just don't hurt her . She don't deserve it :/
"Most girls are idiots." Preach, girl.
Yes, but the devil's work is delicious. RT: Krispy Kreme doughnuts are the work of the devil.
Vick looked high in his interview
#tk11 seems there is confusion about human learning process and technologies that enable extend enhance it
I'll check that link out when I'm back home. Thanks.
I didn't know the Sodium industry was to big time that they could advertise on Kevin Na's sleeve.
thanks! ;) have a nice weekend you too! :D
cant wait til its fully good weather eur day i hate wearin all dis long shit
Word!!! RT : You know me, all I can say is "You're Right". Back to being the real Mitchell Shelby
now following .....
Meet Atmosphere at Zia Records(Eastern) Right Now! Free All Ages
Words unspoken by a movie fan since (at least) 1996.
I think I'm addicted to the bailey Flanigan series lol I can't stop reading! I just wanna know the end so badly!
Floyd Mayweather, where you at tho?
"Gotta Keep My Head Held High"<3
Cruisin' in the Reds opening day parade! Give us a wave!! Tweet a pic of the bus & #mirrorman !!
#truthis it takes A LOT to get me angry but watch out when you do.. Because I WILL be on my A game.. And I will do what it takes!
i miss when i went on twitter n people actually liked me. now its like im nothing
I never got shook up by talks of Illuminati ..I'm from where niccaz talk that talk and walk around the streets carryin heat like
The Dowager Duchess of Denver comes to mind.
Where's the offense Yanks? Damn boys, get it together, it's Bruce Chen!
Tony Bennett - I Left My Heart In San Francisco - 06:20 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
When Tweets consist of so many cuss words and misspells that you can barely read what they say.
Ignorance is NOT bliss. Learn more about the signs of child abuse and neglect so you can help proactively report it #1560 reasons
I want this kitten! Adorable!
omgoodness! Puppy!!! And you look gorgeous doll as usual!
La la la, la la la la laa, la la la
I know! I wonder the same things!!! Just tested 16 foods by immunocap 6 weeks ago. Should we do more or...
Pixelpunk: moveable type, gramophone, photo, &film never happened — all media was always digital &very pixelated.
meeting friends there for dinner. We're all Cueva virgins. Looking fwd to my first time.
Coach Rich good to see you back on the bench yesterday. Tough loss in a tough place to play.
follow back?
Going to watch Hunger Games before midnight [;
We're glad to be your shelter, dear friend. RT Hiding from the T-Storm warning. (@ Southport Lanes & Billiards)
Lol! “: #IdTradeRomoFor the salt in the bottom of a bag of pretzels”
I hate to ask, but can you forward me the information you want me to talk about in your class tomorrow? I lost the email!
RT : Go to for good sample videos <=TY for that! Gr8 variety ;)
Check us out Weds 4.4.12 with,Light Horse Dark Rider and The Great Depression. 21+ 9pm
nvm. And i love chris corradino. Amd mikey. But not as much. Hes all urs girl
when is the next time to listen for a chance to win the one direction contest?
The american people are smart enough to know Obama didn't have a damn thing to do with killing Osama.
lmao you would.
Look for our crews tomorrow in #Oconomowoc #Pewaukee #Brookfield #Mukwanago and #Waukesha - doing some sealcoating, paving and grading.
Finally finished #walkingdead season 2...wow what a great show!
My obsession is crazy.. I feel like a stalker trying everything 2 get this guy 2 notice me.. Any suggestions? I'm open!!!
oh my god I think I just died a little
Just heard a great old German saying. Cold hands, warm heart.
According to Fox News, NFL's Steve McNair's girlfriend killed him and then shot herself
Kinda just looks like someone's front yard. (Somehow don't think the zoning board would go for donkeys in Edgewood, though, sadly.)
Or SATX RT : You might be in the touristy part of old town #Albuquerque if you keep hearing "My Heart Will Go On" on pan flute
Lmao RT : so, does it irritate u to hear non-djs like lindsay lohan & wayne being called djs & being paid for it?
We will be Out& About on our route all day today ! County in the afternoon,City in the evening. What area will you be in today
There's just something about Matt Cooke riding on a fire truck that's too funny haha go
Go pick up 3 FREE, brand new songs from my talented fiance at www.adampercy.com YOU'LL LOVE THEM!
Metro Boston to Send a Reader into Space
A BIKE COP? I need to be home.
Top of the East. Proud of the
Radical poetry must create the taste by which it is appreciated. ~Coleridge (paraphrased)
Getting over this flu stinks! But at least I am catching up with my favorite indulgence, online episodes of Laguna Beach Seasons 1 & 2
Better fix that!
Glad you had a great trip. Wish we were waiting to pick you up curbside and drive you back to Madison....maybe next time!
Just found another cutie! #imstartingtolikeschool yay for eye candies!
Motivation for studying: 2%. Motivation for eating: 28%. Motivation for Call of Duty: 70%.
I take the moniker #NerdKing as a compliment!
#nw My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding (with a blank stare on my face)
#mustfollow NEW MUSIC VIDEO & NEW MOJO TV CLIP UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!!! CH-CH-CHECK IT OUT! HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET
I don't care if I don't have power. I draw the line at canned food.
Be flexible w NY-pretzel-making seminar on 3/17. $40 for pretzel techniques, beer, wine + snacks. RSVP
Twitter doesn't give a fuck if you're single or taken. That's why there is no official spot for your status...
Happy Leap Day!
Would anyone like to run the race with my dad? He got 5th place last year.
Hope everyone has a great Christmas!
hahaha I wish
Thanks for the prominent listing on your site. Much appreciated.
you should come back to sa and have a concert(;
Don't think that just cuz you're inked or pierced, you're hot shit. Hubris will turn into karma & bring you to the precipice of your demise.
HEADLINES MAKING NEWS: GA District Cleans House at Alpha Regional Conference in Columbia, SC
You can't get any higher than smoking weed on top of a mountain unless you're on a plane
Split Pea Soup come and get it!!!!! $20 for (4) Gallons thats a deal at $5 per gallon!!! (404) 997-8011
oops! did i just actually just say that?! hahahaha my bad ;)
Shocking at 95 and 495 in nova and traffic has been lightest ive ever seen! woot!
Eileen Brady shared that her daughter is getting married to girlfriend this summer, supports equality
Seeing tonight!!!!!
:-) thanks for sharing brendan
Once you're attached, you're fucked.
that's good... How have you been?
Ladies quit acting like flirting with someone other than you is illegal. If it's not your man
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
in honor of the #ragefest tonight, I would like to take moment to remember the 2003 show at the Orpheum. Craziest crowd
is in NYC w/ Toom Silverman, (Courtney Holt), (Steve Greenberg), and , the vibe is great!
Ribs. That's what made Kansas City famous.
ha none taken. Its getting really annoying now idk why ha
Congratulations !!!!! You win!!! What size shirt?? XL?
Ariana go online! Haha I miss u! Hope u have fun in FL:] love u so much! Xoxox💗
I wish there were some good concerts in Washington.. but no.
want to move back east of fairfax!
‎"Ultimately, I just want to be loved." ~ NICOLE MILANO
My Mom was an Aries! Whoa when she got mad,look out man,Twister in your face,never mine though:)
I agree. Write what you know within the context of something you don't know ;-) Or, write what you WANT to know
Goodnight Twitter I will be on tomorrow hope when I wake up Alex is following me and Justin bieber to and everyone I follow would follow me
thanks buddy... feel better already.
Happy Birthday... we're late but excited you were born. May this be your best year yet. Happy Birthday!
Lol nothing, I was a little confused :) What are you up to though?
30 on my wrist cuz my bitch thinks its christmas
Same here
GE takes $1bn risk in bringing jobs home - Financial Times
Hope your Sunday is fun! What're you doing to spend time with your kids?
Weed eating:/ haha
Thank you for sharing our news!
HEY. WILL YOU EMAIL ME THOSE STUDY GUIDES
They have been all over PB lately! Ugh! RT Who knew they were shooting "Real World, San Diego" or that the show was still on.
I love #NASCARnaps they are the best.
Popcorn tastes better while your watching movies. Its the only time I eat it.
ONE day until this HCCI gala production is over!
I know I'm pretty unlike your bird looking self. If you're going to tweet about me, then why don't you tag me in it?
If Cabaye + Ben Arfa start France's Euro matches, I'll support Les Bleus. Otherwise, I want the 3 lions. Still think it's Germany's to lose.
Good morning:)
TECH N9NE + Tyler, The Creator = EPIC SONG
A great gift idea? A new ceiling fan for your significant other, parents or yourself! You'll thank us when summer arrives!
When in Madison...
Arizona bound for #PatsRun! Stoked!
you'd eat for free!
He's definitely raw offensively, which is why some of the solid defenders are able to contain him. He still puts up #s though.
Texas Holdem Tonight at 7pm! Win some cash to pay for my drinks! JC
thursday was hip hop, saturday was yoga and today is Zumba!! Let's see how long I can hold this...
Ok, just let me knw what u think whn u do.
2night the place 2 be is Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover. $U CALL IT. PARTY ROCK SUKA. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss out
Well I'm single now and I wanna keep it like dat for a long time....
ask ; we found a killer Italian place last year for the marathon. Fresh made pasta!!!
Game two has just started at Goodman Diamond. Michigan def, Wisconsin 5-1 in the opener. Wolverines just got on the board in game 2.
To what debate do you refer?
yea we still goin
JD and company are right up there in the pantheon--All Eternals Deck + Kermit, sighted at last weekend.
West Palm Beach RT : Where are you? There's no H&M in Miami RT : H&M
getting off twitter :) goodnight everyone!
Have u noticed that all the #SnowWhiteAndTheHuntsman ads feature Charlize front and center as the main star?
My bed never felt so comfortable
OMG. Your twitter background is AMAZING.
the attention of your target market is not really that difficult.
You don't tweet meh anymore 😢 I'm the least important in your life
okay so ? I have more people that want to do it but they haven't done it yet and we can't just cancel because there's ppl
Why can't I retweet this?!
wow your music is amazing!!! i love all of your songs! =) you have such a great voice!!!
It finally happened. I'm trapped in the elevator.
mad af at that game!
says we all know "watch a movie" means "I wanna be in the dark with you"
Ah! Fall fashion! Why are you so pretty? I want everything
“: His jockey's name is Mike Smith.” Who also works in the #tigers front office.
So stoked to be home again. God fired up, now I'm ready to RUN with it :)
I am lovin the pitcher from the reds, hair and mustache circa 1977
Juss kiddin About going to bed!! lol send me a # with a question & i will answer them all honestly!! (:
" Blanche we got rats in the cella"
The Musicwood feature doc follows the journey of Taylor, Martin, Gibson guitars into the rain forest to save woods for guitars
Holy cow Fringe Caucus up to 13 members.
What picture books are your kids asking for again and again and again?
Loving me some
Sunbathing and reading all afternoon. I plan on coming home looking like an Aztec and at least 400 pages into my book.
Maybe I'm dumb for makin you cum!
So why a good looking girl like you don't have a man when your a sweetheart and a cool girl with pretty eyes
o don't blame him.
I'm so mad at the world right now... To think I was thinking about harming myself or worse over this a few days ago... WTF?
Barrett: Walker started civil war in Wisconsin. I will stop the civil war.
God must have spent, a little more time on you
My husband has arranged for a cousin to stay with us though I am not the least afraid
This week I have the pleasure of sitting down & having a chat with Matt Hensley of #FloggingMolly. What would you like to know? Ask away..
i do nothing in that class but sing and yet i have like a C.
#edreform comm. engagement is the only way to ignite real ed. reform; we can't wait 4 the Feds & unions to put children 1st.
Dinner with the swishers.
more seriously try holding power put done for 60 seconds.
Need to get more followers FRFR
You may not know it yet, but I think you need a hug right now, so HUG!!! cc:
If you wear a Beckett jersey after last nights debacle basically what you're telling everyone is that you are an arrogant asshole.
Can't wait to see my favorite man in the whole world on Monday. Has never once hurt me and always makes me stronger. Papas coming home !
No idea...and if I did now I wouldn't tell. When it comes to picking brackets you get no love!
follow me please???? (:
Watched the 1st episode of "Girls" tonight that was actually funny. Will it continue? *shrug* who knows. But Hannah's Diary was well-played.
Why would you try to throw a knuckle ball?! lol
who is us?
Are you talking to us?
RT: Thanks to for a wonderful roundtable tonight!
It's true: Some things ARE better left unsaid.
If you see someone in the theater munching on some Chipotle and washing it down with a two liter bottle of Fanta...it's me.
how come you guys aren't on iheartradio? there's a fox sports radio show on... where can I find ya?
I say foul griffn
I think Randy has officially crapped his pants...
Hey Jenny & Pagie - check this out - you should submit a few of your photos!
Okay, but I will likely be en route to Walla Walla. I'll still pick up. Probably :)
follow me back(/
wait! What happened?
Lmao Yes But Sheesh Thats A Very Apart Age
if there was 1 thing i wish i would have done while living in #CA, it would have been to go to
Happy birthday to the beautiful !!!
Ready - Frank Ocean.
hey (: like my new profile picc? c:
": Mom just got me new skis and boots #winning!" Where do you ski?
My prayers are with Wilson Ramos and his family.
KD is my favorite playerr! He's killing Lebron :)
HELL YEAH MIKEY COME HERE TO HAWAII WE GOT NICE BEACHES AND SHIT
Children:U spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk&talk. Then U spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down&shut-up
I wanna see More POST-UP I wanna See More Intensity I wanna see U take More Shots
it sounds like you need a hug!
Laundry in Hells Kitchen on St. Patrick's Day...Didn't think that one through
exactly. it's just funny/kind of awesome that he decided to spend part of his offseason in good ol' Madison. #onwisconsin?
I watched Clueless last night and had that very same thought!
damn! Cuz I was gonna say I feel like Jodi Foster on top of the pinball machine and the MaGoofs are holding me down!
Spectacular achievements are always preceded by unspectacular preparation. -Roger Staubach
lol omg i been my legs arms and back idk whats going on :o haha
stay on the field on the grind ! No days off
#replacebandnameswithbacon Bacon direction
ME TOO LOL
The fuck!!! really.
Hey what interesting talks are on tap at the Wisc Aquaculture Convention today?
Frumur has got exciting products on auctions .. we are jus bringing the best .. every registration gets 10 bids free !!
Fyi, Moo is offering those free facebook business cards again. Dunno if ill ever use them, but hey, for free I put in an order.
Excited for this weeks #HITsm chat! Who will be joining us in just about 1 hour?
This nigga just walked in church's with gold hair an he black as tar
No glitter but we did get upgraded to the Hangover Suite at !!
We're giving away 1 FUMI Bracelet PurseHook EVERY DAY May 1-13! Tweet us why YOUR mom deserves a PurseHook w/ #FUMImothersday to win!
Who Dat!!!! Good for you mike mckenzie!!!!
Good thing he is a hockey player and NOBODY gives a shit what he thinks
RT : Yes that is Venus brilliant in the west about as bright as it ever gets
And day 2 starts. Guitars today.
This 2010 Lincoln Navigator boasts a stiff structure and fully independent front and rear suspensions
Correct call!
Just arrived for 1st assignment with AP at #Coyotes game.
I did the same about an hour ago.. to much screensharing and D5 for a Sunday
Cold weather is coming FAST. Come check out the awesome USF merch at BookHolders to keep yourself warm this winter!
“: Howard Stern may be my new fav judge #AGT” ~ still waiting for him to tell some young lady to remove her top...
Guys, apparently there will be a second leg of the US tour and Boston will be part of it. Just letting you guys know.. x
Whew!! Chick w/Jack!! Gotta try 2 hear that!!
“: That Brooklyn Nets logo is plain as hell.” haha your so right though
Today was one of those days.
Wow, it's gorgeous out. Come on down & take advantage of the savings. 18% OFF of almost everything in the bookstore!
I don’t normally name my typewriters, but I’m calling the Olivetti Praxis 48 I picked up General Chang.
Praying for better days
yea man you can stream at facebook.com/airwavesignite or buy it from iTunes for only $0.99!
Thank. God.
rides and two major delays...bees and mechanical...question Dan Snyder's investment...
Really enjoying this John Grisham interview on I need to read his books.
is that the rule?
If it were anyone but you it might be.
Be sure invitations are 100%. Who’s the party for? What’s the occasion? When is it (date/time)? Where is it? + RSVP info. Write on!
you think GOP will dog him for 'celebrating' OBL death again or have they had their fill of that cup?
idgaf if justin mixed his words up. it wa hawwwwwt kbye.
September rates from $103. Visit us next week: www.hotelcarltonsf.com or 415-292-1183 for reservations.
aww you okay?
's tagline: Comedian, Podcaster, Actor, Disney Fan, Trekkie, Dork. Sounds good to us! Friday's COBO headliner.
This is my first tweet,ever!
#saa11 data out depends upon the quality of data in--Jane Stevenson
thanks joey!
A whole mixtape produced by >>>>
For my friends hoping for Roode v Storm are you going to pay $40 to watch the guy that jobbed to Angle v the guy that beat him in 2 mins?
Happy TGIF everyone! Beautiful day, getting a few things done then off to enjoy the sun at beach ;)
Thanks! Can't wait to see some baby pics. Happy Thankgiving!
Oh boy - working from home + makes for an excellent morning.
From The Onion, #Tebow and #Sanchez vow to work together to throw football.
I do...what boys don't understand is u can't be taught how to be a real nigga...either it's in u or it ain't...
okay, finnee. and lmfao since 6th grade. :p what grade are you going into?
In the Nicki Minaj Right by Your Side video her axx jiggled! Like it had the wave effect && everything. YES!! I almost drooled. ^_^
Damn Sir, it looks like only 9,999 tags there. We owe you 1!
Cute girl down the hall is actually a dude who just happens to wear dresses every now and again. Good to know you find that hot!
San Quinn shoulda signed me..typin out loud
I rather stay in the house then to be hot and shit Fuck that
fun in the garden of the hudson hotel 7pm-12:) don't miss it....
he's fine though.<3(;
What's the best show you've seen this year? I hear that latest show was rockin', and is a must see!
We need your sustainability expertise. Come tune into the #ITChat on topic of sustainability live now...
Seriously could listen to you sing "Incomplete" everyday!
"you really out crazyed a guy with a gun"
Guess who graduates this weekend? Erica, our lovely intern. Thank you for a wonderful semester. (We're so proud of you!)...
if u guys got the Yankees winning all those awards,y not have them winning their division
ah, an excellent brew. Gotta pace yourself on the weekdays!
Forest Service says Pacheco fire up to 300-500 acres at 9 pm via
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
...ikr it happens to the best of us!
Way to take immature to a whole new level.
My big accomplishment this weekend is carrying a brown purse with a black jacket and not having an anxiety attack about it.
I'm pretty sure I need a "Discount Double Check".
Mann I wanna smoke a fat one of OG wit my favorite guy 😔o well guess I'll smoke it without u
ILove U Austin Ur My Everything.Without You I Dont Know Where I Would Be!!!!! If You Would Follow Me It Would Mean My Life <3!
Great styling on that page! Nice work
what's in p.a?
Loving #Skullgirls so far, but the Xbox360 ver. is a little buggy, noticably, online mode not working. PS3 is the way to go atm.
*smacks lips* u full of Malarkey cuz. I responded back to the invite n sent u a private msg fuxxer!
Back in Dallas and must admit I wish I were still in BR. Way too short of a trip!
a present awaits you in gmail. Sorry I was VERY delayed.
as long as Gruden's back...
Heads-up: All of the Film Foundation screenings are now on sale. Just picked up KING KONG & NIGHT OF THE HUNTER tickets.
sounds like a great time. Let me know when bro
I hate seeing Jody from Soap become Bob Hope.
Thanks for attributing us and in your retweet :)
"All content is migrating to digital formats" -Joseph Sanchez
is hosting a #happyhour from 6-8 tonight. I heard something about free rides...can't beat that:)
hm i technically had a mini three some with two guys, not sex but yeah.. in 8th grade..
Want Real Life "Product Placement?" Advertise or promote on "coffee sleeves," they end up everywhere.
Amazing time last night #Afrika Rising! 31st Annual Celebration African food, music, fashion, dance, poetry &
Thanks for the tip!
Ahh why is Channing Tatum married?
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there!!!
Thanks for the RT! This house is just beautiful!
we live here. We don't wear coats!
might have a trip to LA in June for a wedding! Might have to meetup!
every hour I should just change shoes haha
At the avenue☺
might NOT go to #CTC line up 
WHAT IS ONE DIRECTION? IS IT A VARIETY OF GPS OR?????
if u make it happen just don't forget the tiny print 'tip of the hat' in the comments of the source :P
Wtf I have 3 F's in school. Idk what's gotten into me. I gotta turn them into better grades.
Thank you for the follow! I actually used to live in London, Ont when I was little! I heart Canadians! :)
It is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
Thx RT : Transformers in a Twitter world full of GoBots:
Announced yesterday that I am leaving my job @ Henrico County, but fear not – I’ll still be deeply involved in the Civil War world…
Uh I always run out of stuff to tweet.
it is not too good to be true.
lol meant Wassup how you doing
Wishing everyone a safe & happy Christmas Eve!
let's ride together!! It will be cheaper!!
Another month bites the dust.
let me make one for <3 <3
PLAY THE JOINT Champagne & Chickenheadz!
I don't understand why all Google services look giant on our ref desk comp. Not giant for me on other comps & no other sites look giant.
yea I listen to him ..
HHC chosen to receive $50K grant from Smith Charitable Trust in California; support and acknowledgement of our work very much appreciated!
Hi Cyndy! Glad to be on today's chat. RT : Hello!
I've heard great things, eager to try.
Only ONE team had 2 receivers in bottom 15 for drops: DENVER - DT & Decker. Clean drops, not bad throws.
It was a good one (but I mean, when isn't it?) Had me actually laughing out loud a couple of times.
Thanks for the mention. :)
thanks for the help! it just pisses me off that they haven't taken the time to publicly let their clients know via twitter.
“: Dark skin is beautiful. Don't let anybody tell you different.”
Thanks for that! I need followers!
Ha! He got fired from CluckU when I was there!
I will be on bourbon street for that one with the rest of the packer fans
yes ma'am; right down the street :-)
database of new media RT Rhizome preserves art that engages technology
I think my sister really wants her ass beat .
it's been a min since i been on here hey hey
have a great flight but it looks like I missed the 5min mark!
Oh dear, oh dear. Yes.
Haha :) RT : The next time there's an awkward silence, try whispering, "Did you forget your line?" RT
Can you Skype me? I can't sleep.
what you know about swussy
at this point, i might as well give up.
Libya to declare 'liberation,' timetable for elections
I'm gonna do Jinyoung on Friday :D
Thank you and my pleasure! :)
it's evident you are incapable of comprehending my level of uniqueness. Therefore, your argument is invalid.
Metro State Men's Basketball open practice & Coaching Clinic - Sat 10/17 at 9am! more info at www.startsmartbasketball.com
just started sleeting in middletown, de
Hello all. Been taking some down time & having fun. Gearing up to start preparing for the San Francisco Trade Show. Excited about it! Peace
Can't wait to see everyone tonight for #anhkc campfire with Barclay Martin. Blankets and lawn chairs are suggested
ingatkn min game ninja saga!!!huhuhu *+*
apparently there are restaurants were you pay to go and cook your own food. yea.....that called home and less expensive
Cool article - thanks for sharing!
Suhr DA bridge pickup installed in my Les Paul today. Replaced the stock BurstBucker. Sounds killer.
#anonymous Fox News definitely deserves the next beating.
We live in the land of industrialized media… -
I'm not easy, but we can discuss it
Summer please come soon! I already have so much planned I just can't wait any longer! 😊💙😍👍🌊🎉⛺✈
Bed time!
exactly, im good i know #dontgottatellme <3
and don't forget 's birthday is today, too! (:
Tired legs: no more 3's #VCU. Just go to the rack! You've got this one ... and another trip to the NCAAs!
Now it's officially spring- O's banners up around the inner harbor!
concert was amazing!! Loved every minute of it but I doubt I'll be able 2 talk 4 like a week from all the screaming. :)
Presenting about using audio tours with museum youth in the #mmonline conference @ 2:15 EDT!
“: "Life must be lived as play." - Plato #quote” ... Reminds me of Donald Miller's book, 1m miles in 1k years
Numbers. It's part of iWork.
We're starting to get excited about our upcoming fall issue!
Tony's almost had me at "I'm a dad" then lost me when he said he's going to marry Emily. He doesn't even know her.
#INAIDSWalk runs from 11:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. We have over 25 booths so far + the Celebration Garden sponsored by Coors Light & Barefoot Wines.
This lady is insane
I keep losing followers but.i dont care.. :)
really bum
that's all that matters 💜
Been on WiFi in Austin since Wed afternoon and my laptop has *just* decided it's no longer in London. This bodes well for jetlag recovery.
About to throw some jazz on, bust these suds and give chunk monk a bath right quick...
My sister never wanna go to sleep .
The knicks not even playing smh they gave up it look like
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events ★ Bar/Bat Mitzvahs ★ Event Coordination ★ Event Management ★
Your suppose to drink 8-10 glasses of water daily. Beer is 90% water.
Crazy white boys that's that shit #idontlike !
300/300 on my final exam though!?!
Am supposed to be responsible & do research tonight but just learned that Bones: Season 6 is streaming on Netflix, so...
I went back to Ohio and my city was gone.
That's right. :)
TGIF, even if it's Friday the 13th. Good luck everyone today! Hopefully this Friday I won't get into a car accident.
//Don't you think they know this already? I'm curious as to the barriers to entry. If airports are doing it why can't stadiums?
Seriously, can the #Marriage Equality folks chill on Obama for a minute, judge him by his actions and let him get re-elected?!
#IWantYouTo do something fun today.
- yes get A1C 3x per year - last one disappointing (7.2) but I look forward to spring 2012 visit.
Ugh my eyes are watering so bad tonight:|
i know youll probably never read this but your the most fired up player ive ever watched and you make me a proud cheesehead!
Oh Rachel you say all the right things...
I like a woman w/a future & a past/Little attitude problem all good it'll make the shit last/Don't make it 2 easy girl, don't take it 2 fast
no problem - but then it might have been a good thing - a 3rd loss to Yankees would have been ugly.....
My son is an arrogant little fuck and my daughter is turning into a whore. I don't have kids but like safe sex I'm just practicing.
That's an awesome attitude. Thanks for sharing it. :)
So, that means an apology is coming?
It is our pride and joy to make it as easy as possible for you to plan for future by organizing your affairs.
I have no fear cuz you are all that I have.
WTIA awards - new award for CEO of year goes to Concur's Steve Singh
Stay calm :/
Psycho BG really needs to get a grip. "Loosen your corset. Have a drink."
If I drove more, I think that would totally solve my #audiobook dilemmia! Sadly, most of my car trips are short!
Lol... that's how y'all going now...
Your work is fucking killer! Addiction piece (kid with crackpipe and monster) is Gorgeous.
holding a beer at a bar with girls in it
Can Larry Bernandez pinch hit?
Mtg ths morning w/ employers: Said there were many job openings in the area, but not enough qualified people who r DRUG-FREE & show up!
Hi Matt. After the paperback is released.
some random walking this morning, ended up at 4.5 miles. now time to read some more about the early days of synthesizers
Does anyone know where I could procure the work print edition of Night Breed?? I'm literally dying to see it...
Re ravers: "They put to much LSD in their eyes and wore horrible pants." - J. Lopper
What did you think about the special performance by du Soleil? Use #xeroxdrupa to tell us - we'd love to know
I really hope Mariah Carey is the choice to replace Paula Abdul and Terri Seymour to replace Steve Jones
RT : Kicking off my Memorial Day weekend at the in Chicago on Friday
It's tournament time. Anything can happen. Looking forward to it.
#MyFavoriteMovie Life As We Know It 😊
Fight poverty with education - Jamaica's new PM Andrew Holness
All you have to do is shout it out!
which came first.. the milk or the chocolate chip cookie
So completely forgot about all the NBA games today...
you're welcome and sorry :-/ will you be in Pensacola for #sqlsat132?
Patrons today are moved to call me "honey" "sweetie: and worst of all "cutie". I AM NOT CUTE GODDAMNIT
Driving in Georgia in the dark. And I mean dark! No city lights! (kinda nice)
No BBM on IPHione! I am a iphoner now.. Come to the light.. smiles..
“: Got to hang out with Nick Cannon. He'll be interviewing celebrities during tomorrow's pre game”this is what's wrong with the SB
About to get this workout in.
You don't happen to have an extra ticket to see Usher tonight do you? Hook a brother up of you can! BTW, pompadour = classy!
80s pop music is better thn music they play now.
Thank you everyone for listening to our live tweet with Prof. Drezner on International Politics and Zombies!
Pushed the button on the elevator with the tip of my umbrella.
I love music so much, Its completes life
": I just wanna take you there.."<<< ok, where we going?
Cuddling with my babie ! Massive headache :( work in the am .. goodnight
Regret (n) I trade my #Rickenbacker 4001 for romance, now her deep treble resonance rattles my soul
>> that sad moment when isnt at your house anymore and you have noone to read adorable texts from Taylor to. Lol
The of process of getting to where you are going, is just as important as when you get there.
Are people not getting measles shots these days?
Gentry Lee - Chief Engineer NASA "in 75-100 yrs, we will be figuring out what we do with immortality"
guess you'll have to change it!
Some people go to therapy I work out :)
YES! That must have been you. At the end of the call, all I said was, "Okay..." cause my phone, I guess, hung itself up. :/
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive?<3
Good morning tweeters, have a great day
congrats! If you and Paxton team up, you might be able to chew something.
Sometimes, the "random" setting on the elliptical machine can be so cruel.
AND THE MODO I FOLLOW IS TO NEVER LET EM SEE YOU SWEAT
RT : NYC public hospitals issue open letter to immigrant NYers, renewing commitment to keep patient immigrant status private
Imani said that im really ghetto lmaoo ... Im not tho .
sick luchadore avatar. Peace be with you brother!
How you doin Ma, I just wanted to tell you I enjoy your films!!
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Kansas City! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
Thanks for the RT - much appreciated!
i LOVE the fact the 80s and 90s retro look is coming up. yes yes yes!
EveryBody Loves LA =D
Haha... No straight answer RT : so your telling me there's a chance ... lol
Vote Art for Gov TODAY.
Our website is www.stardesignsa.com .What sort of design were you lookin for? RT I need of a good graphic designer
"The time is NOW...enough is enough!"
Thanks for the follow, Lisa.
here in the states that's how ESPN and 90% of the country call them. We had no idea about the derogatory meaning
One thing I learned from #TheHungerGames movie: Gale is definitely
Busy weekend ahead! The Brew Dr. Kombucha wagon is rolling down to the Oregon Country Fair today & we'll also be @ the Mississippi St. Fair!
Have a teaspoon of ground flaxseed before your meal to help you control portion-size. The extra fiber will keep you full!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE <3. YOU GUISE DID AMAZING
WHERE DOES HE LIVE.
miss you too titter 😢I haven't been home in a while. I'll have to text you when I'm back in town. Lub you 💜
I need to stop buying things.
You really don't mean it though!.
Eat anything alive.
Tweeps getting ahead of themselves? That would never happen
I know where you've been! Ruining men!
i strongly dislike girls that have constant attitudes or always hatin & running they mouth. like GEEZE be NICE!! that's so not cool. lol
That is so scary! Does anyone know Amazon's policy on intellectual freedom?
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. Arthur Rubinstein
RIGHT? I feel so left out.
Had the WIERDEST dream last night- and I met Lori Beth Denberg and then the rest of the original cast of 'All That' appeared..
TANKS FOR FOLLOWING
will do! The only time I will be free is Friday morning. I'll be in Bothell. Is breakfast a possibility?
it's been 6 hours. Is she still dropping the soap?
um how does Twitter work?
guys wanna see a crazy video of me and my cuzzos acting like stars???
It's one of those nights I see ... RT : The roads are wet and so is my vagina.. Wait, what?
It seldom goes to the timidwho are ever afraid of the consequences
I Bet. lolRT : RT : has improved any in Marvel? ;) // we play on PSN so the skill level is irrelevant S
Check us out on Facebbok
does it involve Florida?
I'm glad more work conf calls are scheduled for 10pm, 6am and 6am daily. I'd hate to enjoy something like a single pesky REM cycle
Gas prices is so high 3.75 they need to.make an electical car maybe we could save on gas...
have some faith
Hanging whith the family they crazy then ever
My advice would be to invest in a TARDIS
A very special thanks to the Texans for handing my Colts the AFC South Division :)
Great game tonight! Make sure you tune into 'Off the Bench' with Michael Coleman on tonight at 10 for highlights
We're curious, how do most of you listen to Turnaround (TM) with your child? Ipod, stereo? Any special room? Time of day?
Great run man...sick comeback from 6bbs
Untrue. We like to be spoiled in different ways. RT Women just enjoy being spoiled more than men. :)
Twitter says I've marked 48,371 articles as favorites since 2009. I can believe that, actually.
That ain't right. Wonder if they serve forks with their ribs?
stood in the hotass sun for hour for you to take me money. well fuck you
Happy Good Friday to everyone! Aren't all Friday's good? Whoops next week is Friday the 13th
I'm just a single pringle.
I know that fish was just so darn cute lol
“: y'all have a good day today bro”orite
I usually park the car in the garage when they call for heavy snow, tonight I have all the plants parked in there.
How can someone seriously tell me that Brock osweiler and nick foles are better than Russell Wilson and Kirk cousins?
Niall!!!! follow she only has 48 hours to live she is fighting cancer! Please Niall! Please!!!!! <333
. takes over for
Happy Birthday!
#YouKnowYoureAnAngelWhen u sign your last name Simpson
$15 and includes free vinyl, cd & download card package.
... So uh, tickets are sold out to Sigur Ros. Litterally 14 minutes after announce it.
I love you
It's not too late for flowers. Today's special on 1800flowers.mobi is a rose bouquet + get an extra 20%off with code "MDAY16" (mobile only)
Sorry I'm not being pro-active in this conversation. my flip phone can't load all these txts.
any ideas for a cool feature you would like to see on a mobile site while shopping for a car?
Can i skip Dailey's class tomorrow. Really not wanting to see her face.
yall i think ima delete my twitter.. So the next tweet is my real number... Text me! :/
Will you be stopping in Seattle on your way home?
Everyone's hoping there'll be no school tomorrow.
right down the fairway.
bah, you never needed it
I changed all my passwords to 'incorrect'. So my computer just tells me when I forget
i'm not so subtly judging anyone wearing pants right now.
That one sold. Reviews looked pretty good for a starter guitar so I went ahead and ordered a black one @ same price.
I already pre-ordered 's #Trespassing but it's not here fast enough, so I just went ahead and got in on iTunes =)
Himself. Then his cousin Kelly Stephenson hung herself. One sentence in this article stood out to me. "Two years ago police asked the media
Knowledge used today: copyright law, editing, sound engineering, Nevada history, accounting. The life of an oral history program director.
I could really use a friend right now. I wish I had some
Excited for #cowboylounge it's gonna be a #redneckgoodtime with
was at the hotel i was staying in Manning SC..i missed him..oh no!
yes! It was so nice to catch up. Enjoy the rest of the con.
haha. Where you sitting?
I can't believe the Colts just Brett Favre'd Peyton Manning....
Forty minute wait at 9:30 on a Tuesday.
Grilli just completely blew Ankiel away. Great job getting out of a 1 out, bases loaded jam with 2 straight strikeouts
You let Josh shoot there ? LULZ
I hate when people don't know how to spell or they use the Z for the letter S. <<
How flattering to have WGN's own Johnny B. start following the twitter!
u suck. I'm your only follower :)
Life is good. Hanging out with friends and family in Lincoln this weekend. And we have tickets to the Nebraska game. Ah, yes.
see, this is gold right here.
You can always turn it off too if you want to
Ch.10 ____helps restore the victims standard of living,personal confidence & teach the offender responsibility
Madge is killin it!
Awww she's a hoe ,and she says she's a "virgin"
GAME OVER on that play.
I can taste ...it's right around the corner. And so is our FREE Shuttle to events on 5/9!
love how followedme after i tweeted bout wearin a skirt.If they read my tweet then they would point me in the pants direction
coordinating #BOOST sampling events in FL, cant help but sing in my head "I drink a Boost for breakfast, an ensure for dizzertt"
Thanks for the RT! Hope the show went well last night!
2day lineup for #packexpo includes, Sonoco, Dow, AlixPartners, Toray Plastics, trends panels, p.m. parties galore.
haha xDD I just a fatty just watching movies and eating Takis:3
Wow RT : 36 years straight for the Big Ten leading the nation in college basketball attendance. Wow.
For all of yall retweetin #YMMG, we are not affiliated. is the name, don't get it twisted. Unless you got business. #LehGo!
Time needs to slow down..
Likes las Vegas ok but glad to be heading home tonight
Great start to Angel Investing for Entrepreneurs
I trust (since it was a dream) the equipment was in working order :)
This guy just told me "you my future baby mama" i swear i heard it all and seen it all tonight lmao
don't do the extra long tour at the TM. Lotta talking about feelings less seeing tenements.
It's going to be a dark show tonight. Any suggestions?
Presenting speeches and getting up onstage at anytime and singing are two way different things for me...:/
i want an anonymous handle 2 tweet about crap women deal w (periods, bloating, etc). wait was that a thought bubble or did i just tweet it?
I go to gary every year for michaels birthday and so sad i missed this year :-(. I used to stay in the same area.
i'm such a horrible twitizen (ugh). so many nice people reach out, but i'm too clumsy w/ twtr to reach back. sorry for being lame.
Ignorance can be seen very clearly. It doesn't take much time to visualize.
Pretty bad ass! He used a freaking fortune cookie!!!
Probably somewhere on West End Ave. Several places to stay there.
lol how can u not like it dude I think its awesome
A New Era For Social Interest Sites: Twitter, Tumblr And Pinterest Go Big In 2011, MySpace Goes Down
what up fam
Technically you didn't need to know Karate to be a Power Ranger, they also accepted gymnast, nerds, and hip-hop background dancers.
did you participate in the riverside career day?
thanks I will take a look at the pages
WOW, just found out that the new season of "X Factor" won't start until September...
February 16th, 9am in Old Town. eventbrite page will be up soon :)
I think I'm ready!
Thank you to ALL for the birthday wishes!!! It's been a wonderful day so far...and it's not over yet!!!
who wants to pregame?.....and then going to beerys tonight!!! :) text me let me know if you wanna drop by
it's from Bebe's Kids and it's a hard insult😠
Season of firsts for Shane Doan. First hat trick, first playoff series win.
California next week :) ...its so much easier to organize your life from an outside perspective.
23 openings available for M&A attorneys of all levels for anyone looking to move laterally in
Watching Silent House with my BITCH aka MyTrick!
HOOPIN TODAY??? WE HAVE JORDAN SHORTS
will we see you from space tomorrow Fowler?
but im inside :P
I read all the books, want to see it. cc
welp Im in the Studio now, let's see what comes out of it lol
soundcloud or mixcloud? I google both but can't tell which is more popular.
Check out our theater preso (#1117) on #HPC with today at 10:30 and enter to win a gift card or a !
where you at
could not be less prepared to go to India tomorrow (by way of Dubai). Still have cetaceans, not Indian business issues, on the brain...
Shh! Don't tell anyone, but my son got me hooked. I was watching previous episodes online.
Small business is tough work when you're out sick! Hope everyone is staying well.
I really don't b tweeting no more only if I really feel like it
True. I always believe there's someone out there for everyone. Love happens more than once. Muah!
This Nigga on travel channel be eating animal penises&testicles like it's nothing!! Can somebody please tell him this aint FEAR FACTOR???
I just left a comment. I am seriously in awe *__*
Sick and tired of you texting me all the time with (: then the next day barely text me with no (: make your mind up #shadymuch?
YEA THATS WHAT I DO ANYWAY.ILL EMAIL MP3 & BRING BACK UP DAY OF.HOW MUCH TIME & WHATS TIME SLOTS 4 SHOW??
we're at immigration now!
No offence, but this season is better then last season
What is your favorite thing about Sunday?
The Lady is Trampled Underfoot
The Power in Dirt listing shows every corner of Pratt and Light up for adoption. That's bizarre.
Fair point.
Thanks for the shout out & the love!
#Highpointmarket Any of you Interior Designers, Please feel free to make an appointment with us if you would like to come stop by and see ou
Did this nigga really tell me to take my locs off referring to my glasses -___- lol
#hustle all day #hustle all night.
oh I was working the snap hook w/ the wind big time
i love you too♥
has the highest Klout score of any athlete, tells my class
Does Mitt Romney's bullying past indicate his fitness to serve as President? No, but it confirms quite clearly that he's a total douchebag.
gym kicked my ass today!! #sore -_-
Looks like SD mayoral candidate is taking heat in court over political ad. Follow for details.
thanks girl(:
Tomorrow Copa los grandes at Delta park!
you are so right
Finished packing in time, train was on schedule, and security was a breeze. I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop. It's never this easy.
I think the prompt needs to be more targeted. Share their comments about what?
Females should be jealous. is dancing shirtless to new jams. #CanWeGoToTheBarNow?
If you haven't seen High School Musical... you probably had no childhood.
Going through 2nd unit's B-Roll, suprise stripper footage is always fun while DITing.
you better reconsider naked clause then! Lol
Just watched Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett sashaying in Cannes for Robin Hood on France 24/7. How glamorous they looked.
I can't retweet you. But if I could I'd retweet this <3
Underwear party in Harbor 1 and Park 1!!!
This season my allergies are just acting up :(
Another amazing sandwich from to start the day. Likely to spend this cold, miserable day looking for the posi in the city.
I gave up drinking for my New Years resolution. It was the worst twenty minutes of my life. (Tip your waitress I'll be here all week!)
I know. But not stolen. Built upon. Without their work, his story doesn't even exist. And, one of their dogs was poisoned.
Happy first day of #Passover, a weeklong festival commemorating the exodus of the Jews from Egypt & slavery. The experience of the exodus...
If we were squirrels I would put my nuts in your whole RT if you get it
Hey i got in a fite with my m0m and im craing so much because she dont toke to me n0 m0re. IM SO SAD:(
