Check out and FOLLOW! !
GO FOLLOW NOW !
It's almost done..
I don't have a kid and I am not having one anytime soon!! Lol
she looks 17..
The almighty pizza box appears in at least 2 ads this month. Finally.
I don't plan on it.
Wait, so they DIDN'T import the new world trade center from Gotham City?
Same ol game just a different day...
I wish all my followers on Twitter a Happy Chanukah
All I took during my last visit was a gown. Hollie wins.
Yes, you'll have to pardon me. Every now and then I lapse into a "Friends" joke.
Be content with what God has given you, and live out your purpose of glrifying God only! HE>i
My baby is making me watch JUICE... damn this movie is fucked up but good!
im hungry too
Me too!
Headed to a skillet handoff from a friend doing a show above a chinese restaurant in logan square. Yep.
afraid there are probably some work visa issues that would need to be sorted out.
I want my clothes :(
Looks like I am back in LA June 27th. Save the date, lets catch up.
95 people found the site by Googling "Marty McFly"
What is a Resistor and how it works?
there was a sense of this school fading back into its context, trees, falling brick, smashed window and sky.
nope! but i think they'd make an adorable couple! haha
I made my appointment at Edith's Bridal to start #weddingdress shopping!!
black God? lmao
Andrew Gelles Band will play again tonight at 7. Join us for a wide array of music!
You are a culinary daredevil! I would have refused
Was there rioting in Vancouver tonight?
Work much? RT : Back in the office after a quick trip to CA. Today I am reformatting my HD and installing Lion.
Im in traffic wit #DaMovement2 right now!! hit my line
my bed right now>>> #screwschool #dontwannago!
Haii, everyone thats following me please follow my other account thanks i love you guys never forget that <3
FAME & MONEY reveal so much about who people really are..Know we love you Mrs.Christie
Thank you all for voting best burger! And thanks to my great staff for all you do to make it such a great place!
Cady Groves is the best
new haircut (:
I sprained my idiot ankle! I'm pretty smart, but that isn't.
ooooommmmmmgggggggg. followed me.
What do you do? In EXACTLY seven (7) words ONLY.
INSIDE WASHINGTON: Who pays when prez politicks? - Albany Times Union
SMILE!. It'll all work out in the end, it usually does..
we are so excited!
WOW where did the first part of the week go? www.barackbust.com recieving tons of traffic already....
Don't let the things you want make you forget about the things you have.
But...acceptable international survey acceptance rates can be as low as 10%!!!
Let's go Yanks, finally I can get sleep.
were his "initial" objections ever explicitly couched in religous terms, or was it implied?
Watching C.S.I. and they just said a house in Vegas collapsed from termites... think they need to do better research next time on that one.
This fool
Happy last publication day ! Congrats on a great year!
I have a cable card in a TiVo ... no box.
Kendrick looks like he put a few pounds on..
Home sweet home...So i have some downtown in August from traveling...any ideas?
Somebody buy Hamilton some crack so we don't have to worry about him anymore. Thanks!
Bullshit had to stay in the house-_- cause niggas wanna be a send off
#iSummit2012 w Anne Balsamo on rethinking cities: as network, media and culture scape, game world & "practice space" where habits r made
lol -- couldnt sleep and then konked out as soon as I tweeted that.
Last night was amazing. Sdakdbejxmsmdn such an amazing show
Great moment in Phx as Steve Nash leaves2standing ovation, not sure what future holds but not another player I've enjoyed watching more
SNL is the most painful show to watch. People actually find this funny?
Not all things 1 loves to do needs to be about money! Business? Still waiting for my check... ;)
next Friday $10 sandwich and a game @ lucky strike. Lunchtime bowling with you game?
Last day of #railsconf! Did you get a chance to meet the iTriage team?? We are hiring!!!!!
We are so happy to welcome Champion Law LLC to the office today!! We look forward to working with you!
Up a little early but had a good breakfest. And watching the news... Well now that's just to adult for me
Nothing like narrowly missing having liquid dumped on you from high porches & drunk people ambling out into traffic! #mifflin is not cool.
You look pretty today.
and I guess you spell how you want too, huh? LOL! =P
Watching NFL Draft. Go Broncos!
come meet vic cruz tuesday in pk , Im doing a big event with him!
Brady and Lewis exchanging pleasantries I love it..
Follow me please :D,
Kyle gets a cheese burger and you get coal
Toying with recasting a workshop paper as a dramatic dialog. Will it get past the referees?
I fuhked up I kulda ben a better kid but now it's to late to turn bak, Da stripes on my shyrt I earned dat #no regretz
It is annoying af. -.-
#didyouknow senior has a piece in #danceworks!? Guess you'll have to check it out!
yeah I mean my roommate used to go every weekend hiking, but I never went...but yeah i'm down let me know
Me and my mom got soaked today...
love the profile cris...
Big speech at IL Defense Counsel seminar this am-- how to predict damages in civil litigation.
The #allsoilsjazz festival was a huge success as always. Killing show last night.
Mark your calendars for our Health and Wellness Fair at the DEC, April 9, 9 - 4. Demos, presos, and more. www.abil.org/wellness
will raise a glass to you at MML
emotionally conflicted.
Thank for the RT Travis. Hope you're having a great week so far. :-)
Putting together final details for tomorrow night's "Tabula Rasa Gives Back" event! TR clients are so excited to help our needy neighbors!
Cosign on the sleeping pill! RT a sleeping pill would be great right now, plus a chill pill and a forget pill lol
Prepared families are less-stressed families. Review your disaster preparedness plan and supplies, and revise by using fastpreparedness.com
just fucking great
So pumped that I got a parenthetical reference here. Boom.
Nights like this mean one thing. TAKE OUT! Good thing Lulu's Noodles delivers. #padthaidon'tlie
I love the moment when you finally figure out what the film you're making is really about.
Had a good time tonight at The Sag Awards Party Great turnout
No, no, THANK YOU for being such an inspiration ! #Spa well!
LEARN HOW TO LIVE TOGETHER (1 Peter 3:8) A good conversation for people that know that they have been promised a blessing amen! #Sir Court
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress. Epictetus
When we are no longer able to change our situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. Victor Frankl
I just checked yours was the very first one mailed on Feb. 24 same day as Norway, Italy and Belgium. Must come Son!
Putting our brand #WIA #training program to the test. #justpassed #CompTIA #Security+ #exam. #syep where ya at? Get #certs!
TOMORROW IS #recordstoreday! Are you excited? :)
Don't worry. Senior marketing professionals will no be replaced by technology.
#HBO GO only available if you have cable??? What the hell is wrong with you dinosaurs!
Awww Happy birthday little bill
I think my second graders need a visit from Cybrary man sometime this school year! What do you think?
Nothing makes me feel better than when I'm at Southland !
yes sir haha
how did u do that its cul
Congrats to my friend on his new column in the I'll be looking for the debut in tomorrow's paper!
Laugh Out Loud
I'm queuing with who needs 2; I can get one for you!
i really cannot wait to go home, bake, get baked, sleep, be lazy and not give a fuck :)
Congress has will create a committee to travel to Ticonderoga and continue to Canada to aid in the military decisions while taking Quebec.
#LateNightConfessions I don't know where I will travel to or be in 3 months and it excites the shit out of me.
I told my friend that if the boys are at Logan this weekend she's coming. she said okay and told me I was a stalker... I know that
as a result of this, classical Greek requires only a single word to convey the concept "being reamed with a radish"
This 3 year old just called me a butt fucker lmao. Bitch.
I CLEARLY SEE THEM IN MY NEWS FEED, LOL
Never heard of it ^~^
And sometimes I have issues uploading the photos....it's very dependent upon where I happen to be standing .
those green pants are rad!!
So true!!
Pretty sure you got us 50 followers in a day.
listening to We Are Young always reminds me of yall!! =)
FACT: “: Dude, peanut butter is clutch!”
I hate this game already.
Had to meter park today but was able to employ advanced parking techniques to avoid ticket
not fair, i can play every other day besides wednesdays. you'll still lose to that idiot 3 day winner regardless.
My obligation to my children is to protect them from abuse by bio-mom. Since she's been gone my kids have been freed from her turmoil
me also, tell us alfano what was it like to club to some mc hammer?
Well, looks like I'll be headed to the shop at some point. When are you around today?
good music. great company. fantastic weather. perfection.
Keep me in your memory, leave out all the rest.<3
roti lunch is calling me... i think knows what i'm yapping about
First official day of summer vacation. Beach Bound soon....................
Made it in the xibus world orchestra but it's zoo expensive since im from Miami. Can't go :((((
This weekend should be fun
Why can magicians make things disappear into thin air but not thick air?
see hard work does pay off!! used hte #zapcash hash 28 times!!!!!!
Seriously though, look outside.
Thunderstorms sound so peaceful..
Working at the bar, its so slow. Someone save me!
no, he was playing with his kids. Next time!
Good Morning!! This gloomy Monday is forcing me to stay in bed for sure. There's nothing wrong with work in bed, right
“: Awesome feeling attending my 1st #deltasig chartering. Words can't describe how proud I'm to work w/ these men.” and women!
Did you know Elizabeth Bathory, a female serial killer, was probably the inspiration for Bram Stoker's Dracula?
More ideas: build something that the copyright office can certify
RT : I can't give up, although I'm hopeless, I think my mind's gone. All I can do is get my grind on.
Why do I have to be #ForeverAlone? :(
Sometimes it easier to just be an asshole then to care...
Bleacher Report: Buffalo Bills 2012: 5 Reasons the Bills Will Make ...
We want to wish Arlin a happy bday! Everyone go wish a happy bday! We love ya - The girls ;* xoxo
They'll just give anyone a music contract nowadays, won't they?!
Thanks for your support! Can't wait to see you at our Young Children Without Homes Conference in May!
's new song drops tomorrow...
Who wants to have their #FF retweeted by us?
sent some stuff
Beat the breaks off your body fat with intense cardio
Enjoyed reading! Thanks for the tips!
There are no rules in this business except those I set for myself.
Thanks for rt! off laying in sun @ beach ;) <ope yor day is going well :)
Take the day by storm and leave nothing to chance. Cause tomorrow is not promise.
Said i was a freak!
When's it all said and done, it will be worth it. Just work hard, pray, and push on through.#Stressing:/
Goebbels was a dangerous man in PreWar Germany too, How did Austerity work out there? Led to Hitler.
peep peep. Knock knock.
On the 71 bus to the to Haight and a guy is hot boxing the back of the bus. Only in San Francisco
Sometimes stepping outside your box doing something unusual will surprise you..Doing the same thing everyday is boring...Try something *NEW*
Simply introduced me to the site..with your pic/tech savvy background…
*raspy voice* "WE NEED TO STAY THE COURSE!"
thank you!
waiting for king of the hill to come on
please follow me :) . Its free ?
Still havent decided who to vote for today!
No MLB Playoff Expansion for next year
gotta look good getting this run in!! That's what goes through my head!! Haha
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE! Enjoy!! :)
Looking forward to hearing on tomorrow morning at 8.
hahahahaah oh, geez, you made me chuckle,
Got my Google Drive invite! I already like the Google Doc integration but it brings a level of "messiness" that I'm not sure I'm ready for
Tanning with and !
I am so in love with the breakbeat culture.
RT : Rt ths if U R a teacher or student or parent.Follow 2help raise $ 4 solar panels 4 schools & hospitals
birthday and graduation!:D
If he doesn't pay for the first date, leave him
But I'm still excited <3
So what do the Romans 'do,' anyway? Will be useful to know for When [I'm] in Rome...
Social networks. Ning no longer free (boo). Students like Facebook, did not find school use of it intrusive. Pick tools based on tasks. /fin
Only 2 hours left to come by and get your free Original Glazed doughnut with no strings attached! Thank you for celebrating with us!
Good Old War!
Packers or Steelers? What's your vote?
Looking for that new home??? Call today 858.279.7410
RT Congratulations Lisa - you are the 14,000th member of the ICSC Group on LinkedIn! #cre #ICSC - Glad we get to work with you!
We're all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
is the community managers bfast on for tomorrow? Not sure I can make it anymore (next week looks way better)
"Youre the shine to my day." - my favorite Carlos
This is the latest I've stayed up in like 5 days... sad
..... are you straight edge or something?
Did the Browns miss out on getting Tebow to pair with McCoy?
in front of Snackel! :)
follow our personal accounts to please! and thanks :) -Melanie
I wanna go back to the barn.
Actually Boston = 47% White, 23% African American 9% Asian 18% Hispanic--Just ask your favorite white guy from Boston
Tickets for DOING TIME-THROUGH THE VISITING GLASS r in process of selling out Last show 7pm Blackbox Theater.
": Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present & make it beautiful."
Headed to Summerfest to see Kanye West!
thank you.
rain and thunder please go away, I have a math test 1st period too..oh joy....well thank god it's friday
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/29/2012
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
will you be at SXSW this year?
Born of Osiris's the discovery has the coolest theme ever. Tell me do you trust me to lead you, tell me if you're feeling alive!
you sure do travel a lot!
So, I guess that just about wraps it up then?
I'm done! I can't believe the semester is over; thank goodness!
RT : Just dropped off a bunch of awesome Spring looks at Ensemble: Austin Indie Designers, come and check out our new looks!
Uh oh, A&E is going to see that tweet and start developing Yard Sale Wars immediately!
2day in 1862 Gen. Hunter of the Union Army proclaimed the freedom of slaves in GA, FL & SC. Pres Lincoln promptly annulled it
Joe I spoke with Tony in regards to the Charity Poker Tournament that Im holding,I was wondering if you are interested?
Make it 73! (mentions)
Thanks Colleen! Looking forward to catching up next week when things calm down (post AAM & graduation craziness.) #muchlove :)
We just tuned all the bikes up for yet another busy weekend in MKE! Now go for a ride and let us know how it goes!
maybe its the other banks employees who are pissed PNC didn't take bailout money.
Yup, on the ground in Tampa covering for client Following everyone's updates though not the same! How are you?
at least Comic Book Guy is funny.
Watch for massive reviews & pics from 2009! Keep your tweet on and get ready to ROCK the next one! Thank you and goodnite!
Bill Watterson~ Careful. We dont want to learn from this.
What business needs to start investing and create jobs is less uncertainty on their cost structure, including health care - Richard Fisher
wow you are good
Hi, all! I'm Jill and I made granola bars for the first time this week.
Shyt Belizean Moms' Say....: via my upbringing precisely.
On the way to Denton to a friends graduation.
Looking forward to my first flight home since moving to US. Hoping to buy a same-day upgrade into the awesome Club World!
Why we glorify a life of sinnin, then turn around put it on wax and sell it to children
I've been workin' all night, man What's a young kid gotta do to blow up...
what a blessing man !
Our December Double Point Dish is our entire Tea Bar selection of hot loose-leaf teas!
lol. whatre you going to be doing this weekend?
good one.
I love sneezing
y u no say gud bai?
Reminds me of Marvell: "My vegetable love should grow / vaster than empires and more slow."
expect something in the mail c:
Happy Easter/Resurrection Day Everyone!
yeah, not til mid-March. Unfortunately I'm not going this year :(
yup. bye hoeeee. ;)
thanks for follow ^^
99% of girls are fake. The 1% are taken...
Not yet but working on it
This is about as good as it gets. 16, 17, and 18 at TPC Sawgrass.
But in the end it's all worth it
Thx for following! We help fund startups/co's that are premature for banks. I loved ur site! Congrats on the name change :)
what ?:O
Calling cloud-related startups! LaunchPad submissions for #StructureConf open until May 11. If you qualify, submit yours now:...
If you're not looking at "anchoring" versus zones you're missing out on a great way to play. Especially vs 2-3, 1-3-1
very nice! I just snapped a few good ones on PCH. Enjoy your time down this way...
My wittle baby sister is going to prom today :*) luv ya sissy
D3 Legal extending good luck wishes today to M.M., C.L. and R.W.! Also, heartfelt D3 congrats to A.C. & V.F-C.!
Happy Martin Luther King day!
#ThingsILookFor : A reason to Love
I saw one with a gas sniffer but she didnt drink it! IL
Swag attack.
And then that problem I spent over an hour on was gone in a flash and flying down west Johnson
hey. follow back? <3
Omg dark chocolate mint M&M's are amazing!!!
": Days like snakes crawling up your legs."
Mia to NYC. Here we go. Fam, friends, and biz.
Following you to. Your service sounds great.
He's infamous for that 2yr probation bullshit. I was just fined $144 for walking home drunk. Shoulda drove.
Belting/ Singing "On top of old Smokey" all night with && :) or the "Meatball" song hahaha 🍘
Finally home
Thank you for the RT. Wishing you the best!
This game has been the polar opposite of Syracuse-Ohio State. Refs are letting both teams play, and the game has been more fun to watch.
Hugh Hardy of invites you to Monday's opening night reception for Kevin Roche at Museum of the City of NY. Reply or DM for info!
Mother's Day is quickly approaching!!! Get 15% more added to your giftcard until May 15th!!!
We open in less than a week. You're not going to believe how intense this is. It's like the X Games of psychological drama.
looking forward to the weekend, what do you have planned?
not yet:-(
When is your "Get It Girl" video dropping?
ACC = A Crappy Conference! Time for the #Noles to leave for
#Grindependent! LolRT : art thou shall save thy bread and then invest in ones self,
DONT WAIT TO GET YOUR TICKETS TO HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE TO SEE GIVE YOU SOME #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
Looking forward to having staffers come to share about #kony2012 here at ; thanks and
My night to wake up w/ baby for 3am bottle. Requested permission to feed her at IHOP so I can have coffee & short stack. Wife vetoed.
can't wait for the double date :)
Luvin all of my new followers on twitter! Use #kellieluvdown to talk about my song coming out august 20th!
Thank you for your excellent presentation today and for your contribution to our military through Stars/Stripes.
icy hot creme smells like absolute shit.
Enjoying my first 4th of July night off in years with a 360 degree panoramic view of the fireworks from the middle of Tampa Bay!
Just got to in #stpaul to talk about today's festivities! Hope you can check it out at 6!
RT : Wrongkind niggas are the taste makers for the banger's.flyest drive bye shooters u ever seen!
hey! thanks for the follow. there is a link for mediafire now.
off to soccer game #2 tonight! we're going to win tonight- I can feel it!
you need to change your twitter name...
I always wanna try them ..you've mentioned before
Duffy is my choice. I hear he looks great this Spring.
hey #BirtherBlather a new hash to pin on those whacko GOP trolls ! :-) don't bogart that hash my friend !
Looks like Venable's moment of good hitting is over & his average is plummeting. Familiar?
Players sign up so coaches can see you in action don't wait any longer we have all sports
ouch!“: saw a sign on way to airport. "What happens in vegas stays in vegas, except Transy. Take your loss with you"
Where science and fashion connect! :)
Glad the Cubs won, but that 'Go, Cubs, Go' song must be murdered without remorse. (Props to for that line)
ha you just said love haha
Diamonds...a girl's bestfriend is what they say but believe me with the right allegiance girl you're gonna shine anyways....
We like that idea! What about using local grass fed butter too? We wouldn't mind paying more for it.
I hope that crazy bat lady Senator Rosen isn't related to our favorite Rosen.
Just took a walk down H Street to grab a cup of coffee. Beautiful morning! Althought the police/ambulance sirens have been blaring!
Lots of familiar faces at Beer Can Raft!
made arrangements for broken-legged traveler. Assured bulkhead when booking. She had to sit with leg in aisle
i just wanna sleep
best coffee in town
Animal prints are required.
That's such a great quote!
The Blind Man is the only Hunter Douglas Gallery Showroom in Albuquerque!
When you are DOWN to nothing..... God is UP to something! Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible and receives the impossible!
RT : Tomorrow is the last DWNTWN Miami concert at 6pm in Bayfront Park with Latin Grammy winners Los Amigos Invisibles!...
Confetti cake blizzard <3
thanks Kristen!
Prom needs to be now
I sure will!!
Loved the the underground (beneath, rather than behind, the scenes) tour!
Laker game made me sick to my stomach last night, hopefully we can have a better showing today by the Clippers. -
ChaCha updated their website that they use to do the searches, has had a couple of bugs the past weekend! Sorry!
Gotta get out of this sorority house can't stand being one man in a room with 4 women
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future!!!
RT : RT if your in need of more followers follow and gain 100+ followers instantly tweet me a <3 if you did <3
#yay so happy is moving to Miami yay I might see him!:) :)
Jason I still find your coverage of the packers to be great. Are you getting Positive feedback?
Smart choices will save you money when building your home. Design your home with a Builder who knows what choices to make.
I'm checking out my favorite poetry cyber haunts.
This new guy better be worth it
I'm 45: will the stock photographers come in the night to force me into a chambray shirt, take my shoes off & foist a tea mug upon me?
very similiar questions i'm discussing on my FB wall.
people still complaining about facebook - just use twitter!
pretty sure i broke my finger today...other then that great day with some great people
Awe 's twitcon is so cute. (:
You have to be kidding me.
When you randomly say I love you<3
Oh damn! I'd kill you if you posted a pic of me sleeping!!! LOL.. #paybacksabitch!!
Hey Mona Lisa, come home; you know you can't roam without Ceasar.
I'm fortunate to work with a great group of coaches.
It don't stop until the break of dawn...
This is a low scoring game.. Man
ill tell you I do
Is it genetic to be good looking and skinny for vampires?
made it through a whole stinkin' hour of Turbo Kick. Good havens. I feel like I'ma pass out.
Good Idea: Taking your kids trick-or-treating on your street. Bad Idea: Taking your kids trick-or-treating on Bourbon street.
I'll come hang out with you!! I'm filled with estrogen...and love
Stop caring what people think. Stop taking caution in your actions, listen to what you want, do what you want, this is your life. Live it. ♥
Organize around unemployment, foreclosures. Reach out. RT So, that was fun, now #wiunion, what else would you like to do?
Sub in the trunk thumpin up against a dead cop
has there ever been a modern first lady that people just hate?
Continue networking TODAY after Kundra's speech ~5:30 at post-OGI tweetup HAPPY HOUR at Clyde's in Chinatown (in oyster room)
I sent them already.
I got away from SUVs. Now I drive something that can quickly get out of their way!
The 1988 move Big which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically
I dream about the Birthday Oreos!
Laphier be weird af on Tuesdays
Agreed! Wish I could be there! " Congrats to & you are trending in DC! #Fosterly Hope your event is going well!"
Today in 1777 the colony of New York elected its first governor, Brig General George Clinton. He was also VP to Jefferson and Madison.
yea we need to this friday, do something. U know I need a drink, maybe a few lol.
meet tomorrow 630am. ?
That's what I should have suggested seeing in Seattle. Quality bus system. (if only here...)
i think there runnin out of ideas for barbie. a surfing mermaid ? really.
Any idea when Hulu Plus is going to be available on TIVO?
haha that's like, good luck in some culture or something right?
we have almost the same type :)
let's just meet at 2:30
Think Like A Man made a nigga think
If you use the abbreviation 'ep' for episode, you're spending too much time watching tv and not enough time typing.
follow back
Read this weeks paper!
no problem shout out to miami
Omgad. I can't freaking contain myself! I'm so damn excited!
Can i get a RT? Been my favorite player since
aw I miss Trident! I used to work at Spruce Confections :)
Growth is the process of self discovery.
If only the heat can get past the pacers. If not, bahahaha bandwagon fans.
where are u and what are u doing? It's catch up time lady!
Writing an essay that's due tomorrow & was assigned about a month ago... #straightlaggin (￣ー￣)
Bring Em Home Kotsay #cardinals v
Running home to watch #ManUtd v Glasgow Rangers with #Gordonramsay , if he starts any sectarian chanting i'll tell him to fuck off.
#HappyFriday & wishing all of our followers who celebrate Yom Kippur a great holiday!
hi ∞ do you like thin mints? - i prefer peanut butter patties but yes IB- Vinny 
Got it! So glad we connected!
they better not be!!
Weight training helps stave off dementia, study finds
Traffic school is by far the most boring thing i've ever done.
Mark 11:24 KJV Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
I hope so - on both counts! Are you following #Blog4BizHI for more tips?
After your Wii dance-off with the Rynster, don't forget we're skyping! I'm talking to you !
I've lost over 10 lbs this month and feel great!
Wow, really just said that the Clemson Tigers "take on another team from the state of Virginia ... West Virginia" tomorrow.
And Hudson played with Lorraine Bracco's dog this morning. Who else will we see today?
Appreciate the folo Chris! Thanks.
what day would we goo onn?
Are any of my followers fanatics? 😊
: Please introduce federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
I am so bored.D; I need someone to talk to. :\
#IUsedTo use Facebook & make fun of twitter-- now I use twitter and make fun of Facebook
Inquiring minds want to know...Who is your favorite woman leader (world, local, business ) and why?
youre a plant???
About to watch Real Steal
The past few days, anything pisses me off. I'm sick of being stressed.
music sounds better with you
“All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle
RT Nashville peeps, head on down to Center Stage now for the Kix Brooks video shoot! Bring your friends!
Just heard about this great new product from called Asprin!
Felt a little bad for giving a thumbs down to Bonnie Tyler's Total Eclipse of the Heart on Pandora but it had to be done
:O im so sorry!!!! I did but im so sorry!! D:
I wish I could make it for the Iron Chef event tonight! Have fun.
Cold wet and rainy!! Pork Verde Chile, Tortilla Soup made fresh each day and don't forget Chile Relleno Friday.17 years family owned!!
Warwick is among the finest basses ever. Warwick is my first choice whenever & wherever I play. They're well worth the money.
ya ya dont be mad cuz ur team lost :p
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms, Grandmoms, Aunties & other Special Women out there sharing that Motherly Love! Thankyou!
I DO Check Out My Profile And You Will See I Do ! I DO! I DO! Beleve IN Kenny Chesney.......LOL
...I either want a Benz or a Beamer -Outkast
My baby comin home:) cant wait!!!!!
An angel from the devil.
Responded to FIRE @ 2242 85 Street, Brooklyn, NY 11214. Red Cross auto update.
MLB radio is easily worth 20 bucks a year.
This poem that I'm writing may never end... I hope audiences and readers will contemplate much after reviewing it.
Thanks will c if I can get it 2 u by christmas!!!
It is so hard to get out of bed when the cool spring air is coming in through our open windows.
Connecticut Ave NW northbound closed at N St. due to police activity.
chillin bruh. We should link up sometime man. U get a new phone?
Nope. Still misses the point, which is the need to express desired changes in terms of biz value, not technology.
Could be because Walker is the incumbent?
when i look into your eyes i know that it's true god must have spent a little more time on you
this girls legs is on the line tonight doc.
So happy it's mine and my loves 8 months today it's been so amazing I can't wait to see her today
well not finished
lets do it ill be your sponsor
Working on a Rails API. Anyone have resources for good auth strategies? Using SSL but don't want to reinvent the key signing process.
"I Am More Than My Next Meal"
Who is trying to win the Action Item Prize Pack from us?!
Hidden Park Photo Shoot?
Thanks for the #FF!
Know those girls that try to act cute during class and like say stupid shit to get attention? Its like just shut up your annoying as fuck.
It's official. I have peony envy.
I think I'm stressed.
May the fourth #FF - - because these three make up part of my rebel alliance.
Now they just eat all my food and lay around the house!
and congratulations! The ZICO team has moved onto the finals. Come down to AVP at 3PM to see Brooke and Lauren play!
Those Ron Paul supporters need to accept the fact that now he's gone #Obama is the clear choice.
Usher- Climax is about love, NOT sex! HOES -_-
School thing tonight :o
#LiteraryEvent 5/15 7p Books: Portland Woodshop Writers #reading “Who’s Your Family?” a unique #family #storycollection (free)
17 days until #RAWconf! Don't forget to pay your registration, e-mail your moderator your paper, and submit for the Sherry Clarkson Prize!
looks like your account may have been hacked!
Hangin' w/ my peeps at #nafsax ! , , Already had gr8 ed abroad meeting this morning. Off 2 c
& New York!
True but I thinking more along the lines of the dashboard being a replacement for the dedicated spotlight screen.
what's it called..? is it as addicting as temple run lol
2.When go to an interview is believed the center of the universe,
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Great and u
if your a 1D fan..there on Teen Nicks Obsess This right now ! (:
Really enjoying from the U.S. National Archives. Albert Einstein's immigration papers and a plug for the census.
Hair is done!! Woohoo! : )
whats good with you
Asses to die for down here...
pray on it cuz
Lots of excitement in Gallatin too. Flooding, rescues, cars under water all around me. I'm still dry so far. Scanner been crazy all morn.
I think I'll be more willing to wake up if I'm not verbally abusive at 5 am
Just finished my photo shoot at the Hollywood Sign to help launch "The McCracken Live! McChristmas McSpecial" this week. Stay tuned!
please convey our prayers to all our friends there. Thank you for caring enough to get involved.
#IHateThatFeeling you get when you feel that everything is going wrong...
Our pleasure and gratitude for your important work
Happy Mother's Day, Mariann!
follow me :( grancyyy :| im also waiting
but I need help to Sue
Every time I read/hear about a new tech start up that is blowing up, i say to myself "Why didn't I think of that?!" This trend sucks.
Always our goal for our fans: High quality, NYC style, live theatre brought to local northern NJ venues. Limited runs. Don't miss them.
If I sat in the stands, I'd wear my favorite color: red.
The jokes and playful banter that come forth
haha I love reading your mom quotes! Oh canada
ure great singer
well, I live in Denmark :D. To be honest, I don't know where the other owner lives. Wbu?
ahh the memories...
anyone can lose weight. it's all diet and exercise, and doing them right.
is hiring in Ft. Lauderdale: Litigation Consulting Manager (Family Law) at Kaufman, Rossin & Co. - Miami/Fort Lauderdale Are…
The Amy Poehler/Sarah Palin rap on SNL will never get old. Never.
atx and h town!
My point exactly. He has those issues and is still proving that he's worth at least some of the money he's bound to make
How the hell do you do that? I run about 3 miles in the same amount of time.
you know ill be there
That's what she claimed, and I have no reason to doubt, if less to believe it. Thinking of putting it in my book of anecdotes.
Shut the hell up!!
After a small snafu, (wrong way on the highway) dad is safely on his plane, and I'm settling in for my five hours waiting at my gate.
Guess who has a new site coming out REALLY soon?
Hi :D
Done for the night. Trying to get home. Big accident on 90 though:(.
Hands down, Cuban and Mavs r payin these refs!!!
Rekindling old friendships!
I want the new twitter...
follow back?:)
Just got an invitation to a 10-year high school reunion.
Way to go #North Carolina! You guys proved all my stereotypes. Racist homophobic freaks. You know if there's a hell you'll all be there?
To be fair, Giggs had better vision/positioning than Carrick all yr and if Scholes is the best mid you got. Change.
Haha. RT : Seriously. Ryan Hollins coaches Memphis. It's obvious.
AAVG looking good this morning... ASK thinning
We are from The small town of Connersville, IN. What about you?
Are there any cool new world music bands in LA besides that we should be friends with?
We love this new winter weather, finally a plus side to global warming
I have no personal insight whatsoever into Big Papi's waistline, thank goodness
I'm officially a senior lmao
Ah my favorite tv show starts in 4 days! #neccessaryroughness <3
ha! Well look at that
The sounds good to me! If I were local, I'd love to check it out.
i wanted to go soo bad.. this lady invited me. did he throw up the hooks?
We need a generation of poverty abolitionists. Inspired by
hey dood island living is pretty awesome... How you doin?
has awesome Adele eyes. Don't cry!
Ninja Warrior. What a show.
Staying #beautiful is a lesson I have learned from
I seem to recall the same thing... and the feeling was just as disconcerting that time too.
is that a jellybean jar or a diabetes hourglass?
I WANT A SCOOTER
Tonight I'm at IXTAPA Cantina 119 E. Colorado Blvd, Pasadena, CA, starts at 8:30pm, with Roger Rod, Eric Schwartz, & Eric Blake, no door fee
Who we seeing at the Best Friends show tonight in Chicago? Come say hey, yeah?!
pretty muddy place as I recall from the other day :o)
If you're not a fan of Ryan Cabrera's "On the Way Down", I'm not sure we can be friends.
Aurelien Collin scores his first of the year, fifth with KC, and 700th goal in team history!!!!
yuck don't
You know what it is shawty, forever my lil shawty.
owh''' i fine...where you stay???
So when do our "good friends" the Saudis help us?...i think it might be the time we pull the plug on them........hm?
A guy at Sam's burger joint just saw our flyer for Thursday night and thought it was a camel! WTF!!!!!!!!!
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.-Charles R. Swindoll
Great interview with Tim, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Why didn't you stay in Indy to watch the SuperBowl?
Latest edition of , distributed here at #ASLRRA2012, features 's 150th Anniversary. Wow!!! Big milestone.
I swear to god why do crazy bitches follow me everywhere i go!!!!!!
The Bonner Office of Community Service, Spelman and Tree Campus USA will plant 60 trees on both campuses! March 31 @ 9:30 a.m. @ King Chapel
Immortal=I'm mortal
Going to the mall<3
Oh please
Not going to lie, not mad that left without saying bye to me. I would have cried real tears.
thanks for the follow back!
Analyze where your customers are and what your competitors are doing before deciding which SM channel is best
pls pls pls my love follow me and answer one of my Tweets that I command you with so much love...
Looking forward to it as always.
ARGH! #VH1 and your reality television.
in my car rehearsing my song for my 11am audition singing bright light by 3 doors dwon
Just one. Ever had the Mexi-Diggler with chili and cheese?
you are welcome hun!
Happy 3 and many more!
Sending out unfinished records hoping someone sees your potential is a major Fail...be a professional if you wanna be paid like one
If you think about it, what germs would these be?
To make room for new products, we're extending the 10%-75% product deals while inventories last.
We only have TWO tickets left in our giveaway for today... SO HURRY!
Have some water. I'll be happy, you'll be happy. Let's get happy.
The best camera out there is the one taking pictures!
ayyy! Y'all take a shot for me :)
Trying to order sympathy flowers from FTD. WORST cust. service experience in a long while. Anyone want to Uber-izie the flower biz. Please?
On tap in the hopyard on Friday for a hopyard tour w/ WI Senator Dale Schultz: Fatty Matty Brewing Chocolate Coffee Stout
Impossible is nothing. You can work with any budget. Just make your work so good they can't not come back for more.
HEY EVERYBODY TODAY IS MY SIS'S BDAY! PLZ TELL HER HAPPY BDAY
House of Shock tix all week!!
Centralia-snowing 4 inches and more
My moms iPod > Caitlen's iPod.
Oops! Never seen / read it. Just assumed, based on the racially problematic casting...
o-tay “: seems you are a good friend. Let's just stay civil and please stop pursuing conflict. Thanks”
Yes. Very cool. For me, polisci = worldview & perspective.
3 straight baby.
I evidently have good CREDEBT.
RT : Bitter and jealous people suck! Be happy and support one another! #showlove <<<< aaaaaagrrreeeed smh
Thank goodness it didn't snow this winter. ;-)
That Should Be Me is my theme song right now......</3
The Bay Area debut of | Random Dance at :-)
Morning! Back on the air this am!!!! I love having a job that I actually miss while on vaca. Join us won't you? :)
I think you just might be my hero. There's still time to hit Hilldale. :)
Good morning! Hope your week has been off to a terrific start. Can't wait to hear from you.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there really being a mother and putting their kids as their #1 priority!
Good-humored, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women.
Dear cold and rainy Chicago weather, We are not friends! That is all.
A video camera? Really? You piece of shit.
Thanks Mr. G!
Hahahahaha of course it did. The party stops when I leave baby!!! Hehe
Have I been away from tweet too long... things look different?
Members Card New York Mets ML (-130) (25 units)
My health may be better preserved if I exert myself less, but in the end doesn't each person give his life for his calling?
When my IU loving son discovered Yogi Ferrell is being coached in HS by a John Calipari disciple, his opinion of Yogi dropped. HA
GOP Votes Yes to #Contraception for $Wild Horses, No for
Tail Time starts in O-18 minutes!
Read a great guest post on stubborn men on my boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
I'm hungry.. what's on the menu at this hour..
Still looking for 3-4 students for speed interviewing next Thursday 4/19 5-6:30. Practice interviewing & meet alums! Tweet if interested.
After Party at the High Museum tonight. Good peeps.
nice! Congrats- I see a strong following!
great business idea, good luck!
it would mean a lot if u rt and follow me plz. #11-1-11 can't wait! ;)
Wow I didn't realize Jones walked so big. He did make Evans look like small though...
it's gossip.
no fair :)
awesome! Thanks! I'll make a note to myself to check the site in June.
Paul Waul, let's shoot for Thursday luv!
oh you know it! Keep the crazy in the race as long as possible. Go team frothy!
What? Thumb? Arm?
but we've already done 1 day, which makes 3 left...... <AB
#iHateItWhen I think every status is about me.
Also rock me abberderius
The Black Eyed Keys are so so good!
Get the most out of that new camera you invested in. We can help you “develop” your skills with personalized individual or group training.
I wanna talk to nick so bad, but ik he's busy at prom. Ugh. FML
I'm such a closet space nerd, especially concerning Mercury, Gemini & Apollo. Need a communications or lobbying man??
Gopinath: Thinking through the mobilization of regional imaginaries in a queer diasporic and transnational context.
I'm never scared, they never real, I never run When all is said and done, more is always said than done...
experience, from Spain. that's the cost of plastic bags at checkout & nearly all buyers are deterred by a trivial two cents.
Head of Technology at FOX is presenting at #LiNC Cool stuff. Many interesting B2B and B2C social opportunities.
#SweetNightmares Bummy it was great today when we hung out !*)
Mods kick ass! :P
As a middle aged voyeur, I don't see a concensus amongst protesters. Makes it hard to show support. Need more focus.
Milk shake and fries from Steak & Shake.
Thanks! I mean, it's no L.A., but I'm pretty excited about it. :-)
I was going to say something but you get so defensive about it!
Eddie O is right - too many low shots against Smith. If the Hawks can get shots up, the space is there
It feels realy good to sleep in till 10
Nobody ik, knows the original Still a Nigga song
kinda slacked today working out.. #sadtweet #barelybrokeasweat =/
The Avengers! Yay!
Happy mother's day to my beautiful mother Debbie and all the other great moms out there! Love you moms!
shut up b4 i 👊 you in your 👄 .... <---- i bet you seeing little boxes right now ( loser ) lol
National Rally For Trayvon Martin in Sanford FL March 26 at 4pm City Hall. Call Allen Chapel AME Church 407 321 6864.
Thanks Aakash, for setting u0p a great meeting!
RT : Things End . But Memories Last Forever .
Its just been awesomeness lately for bros - I've got to get them to play in NYC!
that is one of my favorite songs, EVER!!
and I just has a lovey dovey stare that couples do :* ILoveYouBaby!
Fun fun
story of my life :) :) Now I am on twitter and spotify :) what would we do without the internet? :)
We're glad to have you! RT : finally tried out for dinner last night with Defintiely two thumbs up!
Al harrington look like a skinny ass debow of friday
DONT DO IT ED! X
Good morning my Pretties...and your little dogs too!! Muhahahahaha!
Seski wonder why hanging upside down on rock so interesting. Then friend from McKenzie Outfitter help Seski hang right way. Go Ducks!
#sdlff12 watched El Hombre De Al Lado last night...Loved it, and didn't imagine that ending! ended up rooting for the neighbor Thanks
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
First day of a new semester of college... So excited. And there's even snow! Yippee!
Sheesh. #makeIThappen obviously time for bed. Images of hashtags will be dancing in my head..
Don't lose hope. When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
I love MT. Washington. Neighbor just gave me 20 bricks to finish my patio and a brooklyn east India pale ale
Baseball has so many jinxes curses! There are definitely baseball gods !!
Just read it. and you had the same thoughts I had about the finale./ great job!!!
I frequently wonder what the male to female ratio is at an ACTUAL Sausage Fest.
I got a run in my tights, sitting in the stinkiest cab, 30 min behind schedule. And I forgot to eat breakfast. Pray for me, it's only Monday
Heading to bed early tonight - resting up to scope out the Mystic Outdoor Art Festival in the morning!
Getting me some pampering at Girly Time!
Waiting for gun shots like waiting for Idol results... #JustDoItAlready!
will c ms Beauty
ha, classic! I guess it's every man for himself in KC since the homicide rate is so high.
follow limit
Acquire the Fire next week in Abq! Leeland,- R. Swift - Jimmy Needham - School of Worship. Legacy Church Friday & Saturday 3/11 & 3/12.
hell noo ! you cudnt even if you tried lol
It's "BRING A FRIEND" Week here at Wild Workouts & Wellness! Bring a friend with you to class...for FREE through this Saturday!
doing great now that DWTS is on.
when is your next event?
Guys. I don't ship Nemi.
Last RT was an LOL but I'm wondering if any of that's true.
recalls the time Larry Nugent said when Liz Carroll plays, it sounds like there are three fiddlers in the room. "It is her keeping time ...
Broken water main in the building = my weekend starts in 15 minutes.
Why does the bathroom at work smell like margaritas?
I guess I'll just have to lay in bed and play with it for the rest of the night ; )
is announcing the first participant in the 2012 Main Field today, and he's under 30. Any guesses?
remember the 80's? Stir up stretch pants! #Related ,Take note hipsters, bet we'll see em make a comeback. :)
Hate studying for math tests /:
I love the "... stupid little weirdo..." part from the Bosa quote. Spoken like a 6'5 260 lb man.
why does Kansas/self struggle in the tourney?
Twitter is beyond any folksonomy you can come up with. Yes, you, tagging queen.
“All things at first appear difficult.”
°o° New blog post: "The Magic, The Memories and Us" at www.eartothere.com/blog - check it out!
He thinks my Tractors Sexy!
nope its not
Graffiti rss to manage social network postings across twitter, facebook and linkedin
I'm trying, Ringo. I'm trying real hard to be the shepherd.
Well, then it's time to get dangerous together!! RE: Just realized is dangerously close to my new abode
At DHS Community Engagement Meeting improvement #childwelfare in
First enthusiastic standing ovation I've seen in a while at a conference. JC Biver is an amazing speaker on innovation, leadership
People who air their relationship drama for all the world to see on Twitter and Facebook are obnoxious.
Hope you combined the two! ;)
Make it or break it !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Super excited to take the fall 2012 students to next week!
New shipment of "I survived a night on the Party Bus" t-shirts just arrived! Get yours while supplies last. www.okcpartybus.com 447.2446
In a twilight zone...zone 6 do be exact...
Thanks again for the #leatherfeather love.
Agreed. And it's simply just time to evolve. They don't need hand-holding anymore.
Booking for Red Digital Cinema. Shoots tomorrow. Amazing.
I know im not going away forever, but I won't be home and you aren't gonna spend time with me
Feeling better than I ever did. Impossible doesn't exist. Tonight is the night!
17 more days left of school
thanks for the follow. Keep us in mind for your events!
#RememberRapWhen #CNN and #MOBBDEEP was running
Last night I had a blast seeing my friend Tarik Lowe rock it in "Supporting Characters" at
your so kewl
yes, please thank you.
Why do the people that should never reproduce have the most kids?!?!
Aced it #LikeAboss B)
Librarians: Nature's Pedants
I'm officially a city biking badass. Took my first fall.
Brands are social... But they need you to let them get out there
#RedSox #BlueJays start a 3-game series tonight. Could Felix Doubront be the first Sox starter to pick up a win?
I wanna go tanning today but i will die of a heat stroke.
either you've tweeted that before or copied that tweet. Wow I'm on twitter too much
pdxMindShare was great tonight. Thanks!
Watching Fireproof. I Love this movie.
Wow. Gotta give cards credit. No Siva. Shady calls. Still somehow up 1
#TeamUSA All The Main Ones are In ! :)
oh don't worry we will be what are you doing now
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people. NO!
Well I wouldn't mind being in Taylor Swift, er, I mean, um, that's interesting.
RT “: Mitt Romney: "We are in a financial crisis of debt that threatens America, which is why, I'll lower taxes for the rich.""
I saw them last year. They're dope as fuck in concert
I LOVE love love love running in the morning!!!
At the doctor :/
I love them, but Jared (my partner of 15 yrs) hates them. RT : Lima beans are the bomb.
Glad to hear you enjoyed our Tortas. Which one was your favorite?
I keep hitting follow limit, I'm sorry to those who aren't followed back. I will try again ASAP ! I hate limits :(
Great news! Roger Clemens to be indicted for perjury. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!
CrossFit peeps like them, other people, not so much! :)
So, do the polling people who call folks who still have land lines not expect them to skew conservative? Then again, I know polls are lies.
And a logical person would take that statistic and think... "Perhaps he should've played more minutes."
haha how could you not!!?
... Wow! Such a loaded question!! I have about 8 answers so far and none of them are nice!
Rockin' L.A. at 's Ahmanson Theatre, Rock of Ages at
is this your first?
Thank you, Mark! I'm pretty bummed, but excited to head to P-Town as the summer approaches! :)
A gift for a little brother - Vancouver Sun
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. ~Philippians 4:13"
You made my heart melt but I'm cold to the core
awesome! see you there saturday :)
just mowed the lawn for the first time. only took 19 years to do it
what's your boy's response to the 2-0 game?? And how sad I am to be challenging a kid?
No!!!!!! Emily's mom has all the windows down. There goes my hair.
anytime friend. DM for my number whenever you need it.
Females could put the fbi and out of business if they really wanted to
#aam2011 virtual conference: our newest challenge for teaching 21st century learners: digital natives vs. digital immigrants
I have so much to get done in twenty days
Yay I'm a █★█ VIP TOP RETWEETER █★█ - Get on the #305Train!!! Follow RIGHT NOW!!!
Great way of putting losing weight. I'm a personal trainer and its hard explaining there is no easy way like their hoping!
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work 12 hours a day. Anonymous Quotes #Self Discipline
thanks for suggesting that folks follow me. happy friday!!
“: Blazers 100, Bulls 89: FINAL" Just another upset on this crazy Friday of basketball. Way to go Blazers!
wow, this movie is really really dated.
Gum in the dryer<<<
Aye and haha yea i was freaing fangirling so hard..he wants meh
Horrified to admit I sort of liked listening to that awful Creed song. o_O
♥ Cool School day !!!!♥ That's make me super happy!!!♥
That was quite interesting. lol
#InSchoolTheresAlways that in the closet #jesusfreak... oh wait, that was me...
Actually, yes. But Alpine has great beer and fried pickles.
SERGE IBAKA! the man!
to start hating someone you loved for so long, is such a sour feeling.
RT : Rick Perry: "I 'heart' the 10th Amendment."
Spring's in the bag. 15 more classes to graduation!
Wordpress needs to learn to recognize "Janeite"
agreed, there are so many things to take into consideration. I still think a little done well > a lot poorly.
Yay! RT : #Vegas #fashion happenings tonight. Keep up w/ LV fashion stylist & blogger & I as we tweet live!
How did you like it?
Morning! Apparently we need to meet up at some point about a serger.
Quess who made ah twitter? ;p
You don't tell an angry chick to relax it ALWAYS makes her more mad #pissed relax while I shove my foot up your ass
Lost my phone in my apartment. Had to install Google Chat plugin to call it from my browser
Hair Tip: Sleep with a silk/ satin scarf or pillow case because cotton absorbs moisture and causes breakage.
CAN'T WAIT!!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Family Guy :-) :-)
what's up with Ray Lewis?
Google Quote: At Google, one of our beliefs is to “focus on the user and all else will follow."
SierraDNA - db navigator. Search interface looks at names of tables/ views. good way to figure out whe the data you want lives.
Oh technology... you suck balls.
Paper is done!! While I wish I could have another month, it is what it is and I am mega proud!
Fuck the unexpected, I just did what I projected
Love the #happynewyear google doodle...
Do you plan on dancing in a apple store as a tribute to #SteveJobs?
Americans want action for their money. They are fascinated by its self-reproducing qualities if it's put to work.
I grew up in So. Cal. in the 70s so I'm certain it was long before he was even thought of! LOL
I would ask him for a glimpse at my twins..just until I get there.
dubstep and metal are the only ways to exercise!
well i'm gonna make you 2 on your next birthday!
with these extra shots of espresso im feellinn real good! #HammerTime!
Cool - see you then.
I've never felt such loyalty to a TV show before. Let's go !
Could Dick Morris get any more loathsome?
You know when the feeling ain't mutual.
lol i definitely won't! You home?
It is always questionable... haha.
what do you mean how does it work? It's an electronic book.
drank in my cup
bukan 3rd class, NO class at all!
Anxiety, fatigue, helplessness, confusion and preoccupation are just a few symptoms of grief.
I am a proud QoH.
Tip of the day: looking both ways prevents both time wasting and car attacks
A quick reminder that is an exhibitor at this year’s Western Veterinary Conference. Come by booth 1672 and meet the team!
welp back to the doctors... ughh 😷👎😔
100% giving up your desires on this Earth to fulfill God's will 100%
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 16
did only you get this tweet?
Thanks for the RT :)
Watched "The New Girl" w/ Zooey Deschanel. I was desperate for another sitcom, but was kinda disappointed in the pilot episode.
You are making me laugh tonight. I'll DM you later
Just nine months to wait to see what happens next on Lost!
Learning to code, and then, moving to Canada.
So, how did the show go this morning?? :)
thank youu Haha I don't always listen to the radio, but when I do, I listen to Warm98.
hey kasey, thanks for the tweet. Have you been playing any #racquetball?
Whats your Facebook?
The idea behind remembering the birth of G. Washington: for some reason, in the middle of February we will have a 3-day weekend.
on my phone I guess it didn't upload right
Talked to my mom this morning.. she said her and my dad were DYING when i sent them that text ;) hahahhah
is getting ready for work tomorrow.. Paxil? check. Xanax? check. Straight Jacket? check. Sanity? Sanity? oh boy
i know u was tweetin that goofy shit im on dat wit u
I have a lot courage and also fear, somethings i want to do but o can't because i can't find the right words
Vatican spokesman: Pope's meeting with Fidel Castro was "very cordial" and Fidel says he was watching trip since Pope landed in Cuba
So your the rapper alive huh? Holla at yours truly and get ur buzz up stronger
Dear Weekend, please come faster so i can party with my friends(: Love Always, ME!!!
you ass whole u went with out me
Revolutionary Cleaning join twitter, now you can follow us here for updates and cleaning specials offers.
We will be in Musician's Corner this afternoon! Try and head out. You might be in for a surprise....
I knew it was her ole "ARTISTIC" azz
A thriller is a movie where an ordinary man is pushed to save the world or he will die.
woke up to 2 loud Salvadorian outside my room this morning... No need for my alarm today lol
glad you're enjoying!
xbox live account expired mid-game during Duty
tonight for birthday celebration.RT : Where my atl followers at? What's goin on tonight?
delicate rootsiness of what Chris Jeffries is creating.
thanks for following money. I'll follow you back.
Glad you had a good time! RT What a wonderful art filled day! First then AUSO & AU Chorus! Great work all around.
Harrison I don't have your number to talk! But facebook me or email me and we shall talk about it!
On from noon to 1pm today to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity. Tune in.
RT : #TheSourHour feat: the sounds of live from
your right....
Bears on the clock, they will pick whoever the commish announces for me rather than what Twitter says.
Me and moving all these beavy things<<<
Do I really have to root my droid to remove all the pre installed crap ware?
Omg I lost 45 pounds for practically doing nothing xD
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. B. C. Forbes
pray for julina that nothing happens to her.
thanks for being such great hosts last week, we had a great and productive time!
Artest is talking about little things we can't really see... The voices in his head probably see them though
Some areas I just can't pull out my phone. Your poor if you have well phones.
and i woke up like hugh hefna
Lots of empty seats they will be disappointed
#ilovewhen i see skool kids going ape shit on the cheese bus !!! especially on fridaYS ALMOST LIKE THEIR ON METH
yawn...(stretches...) HERE we come georgia!!!!
um, you only just started following me -__-
Research and Markets: Corporate Hospitality Market Report 2012
in a meeting and really want one of the brownies sitting on the table.
haha my six year old cousin told me his girlfriend was 26 and super sexy >.< haha
Sex is legal lol RT Things are funner when they're illegal and on the down low. Lol
One of my over shirts has a hole it in. I can give it to him as a gift!
thank you! Happy Friday to you!!
hit me on voxer
Adding Twitter to Facebook. Wow, I love technology!
You, sir, have excellent taste in film :) I'm a very big fan of Sofia's work.
Those sorts of finds are the best. Would love if the NCE in question was The Waste Land.
Trying to come up with something clever to amuse you, but my brain is too lazy right now, so have a good night and sweet dreams ;)
Thanks for telling me to boldly go to the social security website. Wish I had, but your ads in the office make waiting better!
Pau hana. Heading down to the soft launch. Anyone else?
seriously why are brands separated, sales people slow, & prices non-transparent? It's officially time to change the game!
DEATH CRAB
Far more seemly were it for thee to have thy study full of books, than thy purse full of money. John Lyly
Glad you liked it :-) Great blogs like this are too good not to share :-)
it's a hand dryer!
Hey don't worry I'm sure ur meet some Lovatics on here :-)
"Don't believe everything you think."
nothing...u? btw the song rocks <3... :P
Wtf STL sold the Cardinals & the Rams? Some body say it aint so....please.
BWpkwy North slowing - report of a crash at 450 in the left lane
Wat station maybe i can listen
LA HIP HOP / R&B radio station 98.2 The Beat now on Adva Mobile! Text get982thebeat to 88704.
finished Inner Circle, good story, was that the end or will we hear more about Clementine and Beacher in another novel?
Can't believe my middle school chorus career is over
Can't wait for the Grammys to be over so I can enjoy social networking again
We take the Risk and Liability off you or your company... Available 24/7/365 - Free Estimates - Crime & Trauma Scene Cleaners
What do you think of a narrow ai system that creates intellectual products and services and distributes them for people
you would have to fax in a valid prescription from your doctor for Seroquel XR ?mg #30 tablets.Then we ship it
Seth Rogan- not meant for action movies. Sorry buddy.
Perfect #wordplay RT I don't got time for games. If you aint retired, don't holla.
Done with my classes for this semester.
Will call you tomorrow and we can discuss. no need to get that tic yet ;)
new years eve at murphy's law in sunnyvale. come on out.
What do you get when you cross a smurf with a cow?? Blue cheese!
Just bought Puddle of Mud's Come Clean album, best decision of the night!
I would tweet and wish her a happy mother's day if she were using Twitter -- but she's cooler than 140 characters.
Such comments motivate us. Thanx ..much love RT : Shout out to for the dope a$$ app
Teaching Channel Turn your students into "History Detectives" to analyze and weigh historical evidence. bit.ly/r4IMb2
Yes, mc is telling the story as an old man looking back over his life.
Bye bye
Tribe needs to string some hits together
You know what's fun? Not watching the NBA.
Monthly fried chicken and Champagne dinner ? Sign me and up! (Surprised isn't there yet.)
Hello everyone on tweeter
Fair enough.
OFFICIALLY DONE WITH AP TESTING! HALLELUJAH! Graduation where are you!?!?!
you dawg you
Exactly! The power of images
Coming to Florida?
Today is known as Taco Tue but Polito's sounds AMAZING! We should suggest Taco pizza to be added to their menu! Your thoughts?
Today's red isn't it?
I meant to remind you! You'll have to let me know what your BFF says.
Make money online is a huge niche and there is an enormous number of people who are interested in it
Perfect session to help me rethink my digital life
Pretending to be writing something in class so the teacher won't call you.
Macaron day love for
Nervous about my Ogt scores :/
I don't see how Batman gets ready so fast....
Thanks so much for following guys!
UTH made presentation at the Outboard Motor Club reaching out to invite more boats to the Boat Parade, Nov 20.
Noted for future reference!
She's gonna be bad
I Love the idea of extending the experience, creating a community outside the institution. splendid!
Sweaters and dressing rooms, not jerseys and locker rooms. Got it!
#9RoundMinute: 15 Burpees paired with 15 Push Ups - that burn is your friend! LETS GO!!
Aw dayum dayum dayum james!Why don't they give #Nielsen boxes to #REALPEOPLE?! I JUST forgave #ABC for
thanks for the mention :)
What is the meaning of life?
where the fuck u been????
TY! Thats great! I Love it! RT I've gotten a lot of compliments on your thoughts and have referred them to you
They are messengers of overwhelming grief and of unspeakable love -Washington Irving
LAST DAY!!!
"We are running away from....we are, we are."
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch. -James Beard
im so going to that with my 2 bestest gleek friends this next week!
Banks owned @ 450,000 properties as of March 31, with another 2 million loans in some stage of foreclosure.
How did the BBC caption that photo "Three Mice" and not make a blind mice pun? Isn't this a British news service?
Twitter>facebook
kicks off tomorrow in #rva at the be sure to follow for details on results.
it was so rude!
It's important to get an idea of how devices & software are used and how they can be used in your own environment by visiting other schools
mind telling us what a pink dolphin is lol
Okay! job interview starts now!
I hate watching movies on regular tv commercials take away from it
Woodbridge. I'm from Stafford though. You?
you def should
What do you do in winning time dirk
"House Defense Bill Funds Programs Pentagon Wanted To Cut" #huffpost 'Cause the economy's not bad enough. Let's waste MO' $$$ !!!
Blow the whistle!
S/O make sure you follow his sexy ass bring wild swag to the SC STREETS
Chicken wings.
can't find any if your songs on my music app lol #pissingmeoff we need to fix this
dang keyboard lol
any pictures of that?? lol
It really is such a brilliant show!!!!!! G and I loved it!!!
just said to 3 yr old: "It is not my job to clean up after you!" #WTFamItalkingabout?
I ain't talking paintings and sculptures in my last tweet.
This rainy looking weather needs to go away nowww .. I want to watch some cardinal baseball tonight !!
agreed it is the new banana and breakfast of champions
Sum people on twitter need more den 140 character to air out there problems
So kind, Lorna, thank you! Wishing you a wonderful weekend. ...
Quinn is an evil genius! She's like a female version of me when I was in high school.. ;)
wait i just checked theyre playing tomrorrrowww!
Family Sunday!:) RT : Hi tweedos ♥ what's everyone up to today? Sunday funday :)
Gillette is coming out with a razor with 21 blades.Which is perfect because I always wanted to shave my pubes and eyebrows at the same time.
Its all abt MT : I still say we r movin up n Dallas now. We have Now u know.
You eat a lot, yet you still stay thin and good looking(;
That calls for a 2-day suspension without pay.
This just in...the ladies in Miami are pretty.
RT : #Cardealers how do you protect your assets?? We supply both industry leading solutions &
FEATURES: BlackBerry 10: 5 features we find really interesting
when someone is two faced. i dont like the pretend friendship game.
Somebody is hacking me. I'm so sorry guys. I'll do my very best to find out who.
#fact it's like she went down south and bought 50 burnouts at once lmao
Cool! Any day b4 the 15th works best! I have a show july 14th and the elbo room, fyi
Reading Tar Baby and Invisible Man concurrently. Don't think my brain was prepared for so much literary greatness in one dose.
Nobody is developing nucular weapons. Nuclear perhaps. Know the difference.
miss seeing you on American Idol
Good call, Jill. The Victory is the best b/c it has no wifi.
the true idiot is the cry baby whl thinks they deserved something they didn't earn. Congrats bitch ass 9er fan.
Mariano says he'll come back. I think this injury added a year onto his career. He would've retired this year if he was healthy
Odee drama for no reason -_-...
Nope! My iPhone is naked until I design + order it. It's forcing me to really think effectively and quickly. Just my holster case!
Ofcourse! I speak the truth love.
Really wana go to South Side next year:/
it's for the best, she would have wanted it that way.
Omg my hair almost locked up
I just found out where you're performing in MD. I'll be there :-)
Really? I don't see the resemblance. Mike seems like the quiet guy of the clubhouse to me.
welcome back T
I live it when undergrads make such statements unselfconsciously
They cancelled my #radiation appt 2day bc the machine is down. So I wont be done 2morrow. Last treatment is Monday. A practice in
Im thinking, after the vid, ill release two calendars with anime 3d models, one sexy and one naked
Will be out filming our promo tomorrow...you may see us on the streets asking people to say, "Tell my story!..." Could it be you?
Thank you so much for the support! I'm so excited to interview Tito, and am now on the hunt for a fiscal sponsor! Woo!!!
kmsl he so stupid he rly just gonna sit ona phone : ).
let me RT all them lakers fan reaction from this lost tonight..
RT : Counting down to the Emmy Awards.
Yes, I won the #hungergames in da park today. But at 12, the real show goes down!
no. Its juniors take seniors out.
Naps in class >
Hey CBS students: Outrageous Business Plan Competition info soon to be released... stay tuned!
RT : A seat at the table matters. Where women sit affects where women, as a whole, stand in our society.
Hm...I think we didn't say hello yet today. So....hello!!
So is this Friday Spinal Tap Day? Or what significance do we assign to Eleven-Eleven-Eleven ?
One of our favorites, The Civil Wars, is about to hit Letterman. Tune in to right about now!
awww well miss you too :)
One word to describe Wade tonight?
I want to keep encouraging your Bishop. Former young man from Decatur, Illinois. You helped me to dream big sir!
im truly sorry..Phil was my nigga & it hurts 2 hear about him like this & it hurts that it was so close 2 another friend of mine
Nice. Born is comfy.
