#3WordsForYou go with it :)
Hope everyone has a safe and fun Labor Day weekend!
If I could have lunch with any famous person in history right now, it'd have to be KRS-1. Who's your choice?
order me some too. Thanks
Crying at Seize the Day's video. Omfg that's sad.
That's not just , it's all Pennsylvanians. Fred Waring had notoriously expensive walrus tusk veneers.
just got off the phone with my ex !
I Really Miss Spaddy Though:'(
The BeBop Bowl ! EggBeater, Roasted Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese, Bacon w/Toast 4 only $3.49
I think I'll quit packing the house since I leave for Guatemala in a little over 5 hours...I'm beat
Happy Memorial Day weekend! Be safe and heart wise!
Dirty birds are all done. Ha ha.
I Cried When I found out we knew a mutual person
Hello musicians! are you practicing?!? Perfect practice makes perfect ;-)
It is a juggling act most days! :)
Helped my cousin get ready for prom. So cute
A busy day draws to a close! Who wants ice cream! ;)
XD lol that is very little! Are they cool/good? Why so little shoujo?
It's going to be GREAT!!!
how in gods name do i get rid of the thumbnail on the folioway theme?
He had the nerve to ask??
nope Noah's car.
currently addressing this issue through faceting. Looking forward to the IIPC demo. use conf. for these reasons!
Just trying to get you off my mind..
It's all about the #LAKERS now!!!
you dudes still over at the studio?
#laundryday oh what a thursday
Good morning ! Hope you had a fantastic weekend. Approx. cab fare SFO -> hotel is $35 -$45. Can't wait to see you here! ;)
"This president has brought us out of the dark and into the light." \\ I sincerely hope this is talking about types of beer
Big idea 10: New Neighborhood Park: at Johnson and Bassett (zero lot line & some buildings already planning to be removed)
I remember in year 9 , my textiles teacher said I look kinda like a model cos I looked anorexic and like an alien : /
Happy Birthday George Lucas!
Austin is rad. ;)
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
Last night my Dog saved me from another dog attacking me. She jumped on top of this dog that came charging at me. So scary-LuvMyDog.
#gudevening. How r u ?
It's okay! I was hoping we would get a Foursquare badge unlocked for the achievement. ;-)
Yeah I got a place around the corner... I told Jerry to hit me up.....
RT : Can we talk about Gabe Watson being railroaded bc Troy King likes to go on the Today Show?
Off to Vegas in a few hours, lotta big meetings, wish me luck!
getting my hair cut today.... happy but i think I'm getting a lot off :O
what time does movie start
you are such a freak with numbers. It blows my mind how smart you are... Tell everyone at the office I said hi :)
Working track meets at LSU-yesterday was my kids state meet- working1today&tomorrow then next week 4 days of #SEC championship
no that is fine you can turn it in, just make sure to highlight it or something so we see it
chilling what's good on Yo end? That track was tuff.
i feel like im influenced to be mean
better than them being in competition...hopefully ROH brings back the rectangle corner pad
A brain lift. Snap.
Upland's Bad Elmer's Porter on tap at a wedding. Yummy. Kept us nice and warm, too.
Getting these two organic labs done within the next two hours. 📝📖
I really do wish the clock stopped in the last 2 minutes on a 1st down in the
yeah, but you get to add "make awesome music" under the "things I'm good at" column. Balances the score a bit.
Gelato is a fab pickmeup after a dull morning of stove and fridge shopping
Today is Friday . today is my birthday :) :)
RT : Know your budget - do you have enough to meet sales goals and execute your tactics?
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing drugs including ecstasy and Viagra.
when is this wing night happening. I'm starting to crave em'
We're here.
I am El Nino. Yo soy El Nino. For those of you who don't habla espanol, El Nino is Spanish for: The Nino.
Come and get 'em! McD's famous Egg McMuffin sandwiches!
Be sure to call, text, tweet, or email your local station and request "Old School" today !
Never a dull moment! :)
I'm at that point in the semester when my term papers are a complete mess and I have nothing interesting to say about my personal life.
Comment boxes are God's gift to aggrieved white dudes. I thought 's post was good.
my studios bangin : )
Cracking up at the comments by this dude in my Humanities class...
kenley doesn't look ready to take the job yet. we're in for some interesting ninths...
Giants baby!
An awesome one :D
Thank you for stopping in. We appreciate having you as a customer. Have a great day!
will do
Coldstone and metro with holly :)
Off to the mall :3 <3
Lacquered duck breast small plate. Recipe for
Hope the Chargers wear 55 patches this season.
The kindest word in all the world is the unkind word, unsaid. ~ Author Unknown
Looking forward to seeing Liz Hurley carry Jill Milan's Pacific Heights clutch on Gossip Girl Monday night at 8:00 P.M. on CW...
2012 Election Candidates – Gingrich Attacked by Conservative ...
Oh that is rad
Old dudes whistle happy tunes in public places just to piss you off.
Damn. I'll continue trolling YouTube for his songs.
where do you travels take you this weekend Max?
followed ;D
The PAC-10 has the best record so far in regional play but somehow wasn't good enough to get a single top 8 seed
gilr!! thats exactly what I look like lol. I need to do that right now.
lol back at you :) what's new with you?
Maybe I'll shave my legs tonight. #threeweeks and counting.
Burnt cheez-its are the best.
Search others for their virtues, thyself for thy vices. – Benjamin Franklin
hahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahahhahagahgagagaga, when did you take that?!!!
you going to the game this weekend or staying in Manchester and rubbing it in to the city fans. Maybe smash a couple. Haha
Gotta be at work tonight for Black Friday at 8:30pm.
“: A final from Jupiter: Marlins 6, Mets 5” so the mets suck on other planets too..
Do it...And bring paper! :) RT : I swear I'm going to move there just so that I can participate in FAFDET
amen to that. So loyal I can't keep friends from their lack of loyalty.
Austin Is Amazing
I would but by the time I get there the soup is gonna be cold. Lol
Haha. Drive safe man! Awesome track!
yeah his friends..
I want fucking chipolte! Like now!
FIRE IN FOOTHILLS?
The Winner of the Tigers/Yankees series wins the World Series. I'm leaning towards Tigers
The Tim Tebow of Queens.
I need to find the video. Can't remember if it was a phone or camera shoot.
OW. Just accidentally cut my index finger with a kitchen knife. Bandaid on, ignoring the cut. I don't have time for minor injuries right now
Thanks for the follow! You are Elizabeth's business partner, right?
good morning, tweeters and facebookers! make it a great day!
Ready for a Spotted Cow!
Just whenever! If possible, before 8:15!
Signing off until the New Year - Happy Holidays everyone! See you January 3, 2012.
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx the notebook
Due to unregulated increases in volume, idiots will no longer be tolerated.
: The #kohails community is not just devs! Lots of non-devs (eg Brooke) are important!
y said that he wanted to outlive K even though K is by far the younger man.
all the greats don't last for 3 years...
Yeah, we need to hold on here
Releasing a Grimes remix this week. You excited? And I'm heading to NYC in March. Let's hang. In or out?
New program developing to support writers. Fund them to write their work for various platforms to develop the final form. Transmedia!
I have no patience for anyone today
Hold up who dared to argue/ yell at ?!?!? They must be out of their mind! :o
Oh I see. Well that's gay
neglects me.
lol yeah , but I changed my mind I ain't going til next week
That's an easy one to like! Jessie is getting a lot of "likes" fast.
quit scoopin us
1 in a million chances to see my tweet:'(
Hey, that library is actually in a pretty nice part of that neighborhood, comparatively speaking.
Show Villains some love. They're about to be doing big things!
I'm glad we r friends
I saw that... If anyone has learned coping skills, its him.. He's stronger than we all know
If you wanna get with me there's somethings you gotta know. I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
could i get a shoutout (:?
Quiz is always good, even if we don't win ;)
RT : AECSM, #AIA, #SMPS Join us for "So your firm thinks social media is a bad idea?" #AECSM chat in progress NOW!
I smell a Great week coming on!
what state are you from?
Rut ro! : Uh oh. I'm starting to like driving in MA a little TOO much. #jerseydriver vs
awesome!!! RT “: “We’re wearing white, that means its our house.” – Ray Allen in Miami.
Bo! The cable is out.
Breathe- Taylor Swift <3
The only thing more epic than today's Chelsea Barca game will be the party Roman Abramovich is going to throw tonight.
YA MAKE SURE YA FOLLOW MY SIS asap she
Men earn more than women so they can pay the therapist to help deal with their angry, underpaid wives. It's simple, unfair math.
What the price like in UK?
Freshly showered 😄💦
Good Morning!  Hope everyone has a great day! God Bless!
No worries - What do you think of the new interface? We love hearing feedback/suggestions/etc!
what did cascade do...?
RT : 's from Carnitas Tacos showcased in 's beautiful shots - make these 4...
Is it just us, or do people get offended way more quickly an easily nowadays than ever before?? Like if you feel us.
Just 20 minutes from now, catch entire Timbers game replay on Root Sports (7:30pm). For those who want to see first 11 min of game.
Everybody - pls #ff If only bcuz it has a cool new profile pic ;)
At the opening presenation at the Pardot conference with
This liveable city is killing me.
boo :( I've also found the BMV to be overly complicated and judgey.
well thats awesome!!!=D
It's the CRSS event you don't wanna miss....February 25, 2012. For more info contact us at
“: getting out sandwich on with and ” it will be ready in a minute hope you enjoy :)
#newspaces4learning Yep, I grow a lot through trial and error and rethinking
Thanks to for being my first instagram follower!!! Aha
my pleasure. wish i had the time, or phone, to make a big run of that. coulda been great.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life. - Julius Caesar
That's hilarious!
#TWfact Nathan said when he gets a girlfriend he will treat her like a princess and go out of his way to do anything for her.
did you already have the raffle??!
Going tonight? ICYMI: Park all night for $5 at Furniture lot, or take Purple Line.
Talking to God is like talking to a friend on the telephone. We may not see Him on the other end but we know He is listening.
HERES TO ALL that doesn't miss him/her, but misses who they USED TO BE
Whats life gotta say about it stranger
Happy #Easter, everyone!
she looks like every other female in that business...
#Np Gotta Be - Jagged Edge (:
Let's brainstorm, KB... Bring your brain; I'll bring a storm.
are you sure it's not the other way around?
Who's more on fire? The Mariners or Lady Gaga. discuss among yourselves.
just testing your email.
Slept through louieville
Check out my friends blog, cool food stuff MT I'm back! Let's celebrate with some tequila! Don't worry, it's totally classy.
Woo, that chicken mole slider has a kick - delicious though! Meant to ask, you'll be at the Rev Brew thing on May 25?
Off to the Florida Funniest Comedian contest semifinals In mode & in great spirits! Hope to put on a show and get some work! ///
Full band show tonight ! 1130pm
Pastor Chris Lyons preaching on Jesus this morning. All Jesus, all the time.
This is a city of big spirits says Bruce in NOLA. He is such an authentic communicator. Nails it in every town.
We recommend the DIR model & Floortime which we use at #autismchat RT : T3. Let's talk therapies...
I'm ready!
wish I could #follow back, #twitter is trying to #regulate and #control ... seems like a form of
Omg gym class heroes was actually good!
Excuse me, its clear from the overhead angle he kicked Carcillo's STICK out from between his legs. Stop the lies
It is nuts that opting out of standardized testing has risen to the level of civil disobedience.
Everyday Americans 2 B REALLY proud of: #WiPeople. Ordinary turns Extraordinary; Duty-driven
Cooling wit the bro Q.. on some country shit.
just finished 2.5 pages on my sisters 6 page essay.. #imtired 😞 goodnight!
Yep, the Singularity is here.
still don't have a car eh?
Happy Birthday, Roma! You don't look a day over 2, 760.
Does the movie count, I've seen it so many times that I can now sing most all the parts.
Thanks so much, Matt. Appreciate that. Any chance we'll see you on the 28th? Just a quick train ride from NYC.
we hope to make it there soon.
Tried my GoVino glasses last night w/ & they were fabulous. It's a great sub since I didn't have my Riedal w/ me.
whats good Bro ? Hows your friday so far ?
On the phone wit SOS!!!!! Can't fall asleep
It's summer!
What a run...
feeling like I'm getting sick <<<
Bench points: Clippers 39 Grizzlies 11
great time and thanks for hanging out with me bestie....much needed.
ok I didn't really cry but you know
Watch us live today on at 9:30! Chef Matt is preparing a perfect Prime Rib, sides, wine pairings, gift ideas & more!
lol not sure why it matters, but I believe its Peni
At capitol Christmas tree lighting
YES!!!! You are amazing... i finally have my female role model! THANK YOU!
hahah - yes! Are you here at
it's not rape if u enjoy it;)
« You Lion sayin you Hard knowin you Lack Courage #OldBarsssss»
Screened my #timelapse installation for my clients tonight - couldn't have gone better. So excited to see it in their venue!
7eggs N 7pancakes. Don't mind If I do.
I love you! Come see me! <3
Okay I'll Make There Next Time
my twitter was BLOWING UP and I couldn't understand why! Haha! Thanks girl :) sushi soon?
#Hiring Electricians & Pipefitters in Oak Park, MI. Send resumes to for a great #job opportunity!
too true. Pumpers are better than thumpers after all
Been up since 'round 1
I realized why theres no hot young women in wisconsin, why would a sexy ambitious woman wanna stay in Wisconsin after highschool?!?
I recall having a Monte Carlo style heavy as hell "composite" choate brand stock. Was a beast.
the best show on earth! "You look familiar..." So I'm curious is this radio show thing on or not? I have to book my week.
Wait… do you mean SQL (the platform-agnostic language) or Microsoft SQL Server (a software product)? Those are 2 diff. things.
RT Good morning sweetie RT good morning love;)
Nicole Scherzinger and Steve Jones Not Returning to “X Factor” -
So apparently my FB was hacked and people have been getting horrible messages from it. I seriously could cry. None of this is me!
any chance you will accurately & without bias discuss the presidents disturbing treatment of the supreme court.. Comments?
great meeting you and our Buddhist friend
I'm done trying to please you and make you not mad at me, I'm sick of it. Either stay and try and not make you mad at me..(cont)
This a.m. has included Twitter lessons, detours and off-roading, and discussing selling me into slavery. Love this job, man.
of course! Are you performing again, this year?
Hey - You giving it to the DJ in Asia? (And having a fun time?)
he said something like he only anchors twice. Super Bowl Sunday. And one other Sunday. This time mother's day
I don't need you and your chipmunk friends
Our prayers go out to the families of those lost in the OSU plane crash.
That's SO ridiculously awesome. Good for you, Jenna!!
Welcome to Portland & !!
not at pharma, but have had fun at #ache and #sxsh. best way is to build community prior to event
HOLY SEXGOD I LOVE YOUR ICON<33333
all truths darling.
I maybe in love with the door man.
specially when its that good shit..
How about "deconstruct?" As in, "Let's deconstruct that pivot and look at the underlying paradigm shift." Also, Deleuze.
it's one of the few things I'm in love with!
RT : Follow If your a Colt McCoy Fan! <-hey thanks a bunch
There will be Gatorade at several water stations along both the Full and Half Marathon courses.
It's been real Pierce, will always be "The Truth".Passed Bird in scoring,great leader. Time to go home to LA,clippers though.
Laughter is an amazing medicine.
Lindsey Lohan needs a makeover.
Doors open when you knock, but you have to knock and not stop knocking. The next door may very well be the one that opens
He'll probably gey a kick outta dat...I noe u would neva hurt him...we all luv him every part of him *fanz self*
RT if you believe i love you... I really really do i pray i get to meet you one day
we do like to throw stones and shit at other people , its human nature...
oh no hahaha that was fast!
I wanna write "I miss you" on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you.
Yeaaaahhhhh its okay with me.
Today is #NationalKissDay and tomorrow is #NationalHugDay :)
The Norton...creating back problems for years to come.
hokai. I shall! 😝
Dude 2k 12 man...how u make dat game any more real den it already is smh
lol in this case, better
I know the feeling. Thanks for the share.
I was raised never show a girl how you really feel...i learned my lesson many times but i still do
lol no doubt... I'll see what I can do tho
well you sometimes need the beer to make that hump look better. Lol
Putting the finishing touches on Episode 28 of Parlour to Parlour for The footage looks BEAUTIFUL. Posting on Monday!
Ideas for #web2.0 tools - #edu and more! "From Traditional Instruction to Instructional Design 2.0" via
Thank You so much! Happy New Year to you!! :) Have a great day!
His wish is to hear from you, please make it happen!
London bridges falling down!
Woj: "I can't see KG taking an extra year and a little bit more money to go lose in New Jersey"
I hate folding clothes :-/
Apparently, my sister and I, both in NYC, have unknowingly been cooking the exact same Tex-Mex meal at the exact same time.
Love it!
Not a good idea to run in FL at noon! Ugh! Muscled still fatigued! ;( I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
At BWI gate- we'll make it for the show!
Rap is supposed to be poetry not a rant about your money and hoes...
Ceiling Fan Cleaning 101 via
Yes! Here we come with #BTFS at the 2013 #SAGawards!
That's what flasks are for. :)
what pimp..hey what new song about something my swag thats real hot right now?
paid = to be expected.
is going to the Clarkston Union.
I'M DOING MY FOLLOW BACKS RIGHT NOW HOLLA AT ME
For real?? Yeah, I'll definitely let you know! Probably Saturday morning at 9:30 again. :]
Yup one of these days
How far are you? Want to meet up?
the map one lol
you're very welcome!
Mike deserves credit for his involvement in MMA journalism. He gave a platform to MMA when there wasn't any.
Grace-HIS UNEARNED AND UNDESERVED FAVOR!!!!! HIS CHOICE!! Sin no longer has rule over us, WE R GRACE BABIES!!!!!!.
People used to just congratulate friends on accomplishments. Now we say it to random celebs on Twitter. It's really kind of strange
"Old man move" lol I love Shaq!
GOgroove DynaMIX High-Performance Earbuds with In-Line Hands-free Mic and Playback Music Controller – Includes Flat No-Tangle Cord and
This is right up Natasha's alley: shoot subject with face to the camera but their eyes not looking at the camera. What's up with that?
Where were all these LeBron fans last June?
#hassynyc The tonal range captured with the H3DII could never have been achieved with my 35mm DSLR.
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can't get eight cats to pull a sled through snow. - Jeff Valdez
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
I just wanna talk to Cj . Anytime now .
so i see you like one direction...i love them....none of my friends like them it sucks
I used to be an adventurer like you. Then I took an arrow to the knee...
the question isn't who would you like to take, it's who would you like to drown? *grins*
where do I send email?
No. She's gonna be with me.
I know, h you know I'm like Howard Wallowitz to make it in a easier way to understand what's wrong with me
Where you are now is only the sum of the previous actions you have taken. You have the power to make a change.
Some guy was all "dam girl you& them big beautiful eyes" gtfo lol
RT A man's biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile.
Who totally rocks the Twittterverse? !!!!
where are you?
ii want a dog..may get Peebles from Kee n dogsit for a while..she be neglecting her..kmsl
#Shannahan #NHL discipline far more consistent than #Doerkson is with WHL discipline
how are you ?
Tia's in on my show today. Meet me later today at the new Guitar Center in the Brandywine Town Center between 4 & 6 p.m.
Good Morning!!♥ C:
I have been doing the same... #GoPackGo We are doing work
RT : I walk in then I turn up, pocket full of 100's, shawty got a tan like she come from the bahamas!!
I don't know if Prince could handle the Texas heat. MT Breaking: #Rangers are meeting today with Fielder at Dallas-area hotel.
DH at GW some are doing it without DH label. I'll give names offline depends on the subject
i need a nap so badly right now
SUPER DUPER!!!
lets win this baby
Did you watch Skins last night? What do you think of the show? Like it? Hate it?
Sometimes you just gotta stick with it when it's good!
Then I call on to release ALL polling data associated w/ most recent poll. %'s, Targets, ?'s etc. She won't.
Okay Thursday, here I come you better hang the eff on
Hello Super Diamond! Nice to see the #supertweets! See you at Nokia! xo
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun www.Smashwords.com no money use code DZ72J Enjoy
Is anyone going to cater to my every need? My coffee clearly needs a refill.
? There's no negativity in that, it's just a lot of canned food?
Dear highly attractive and downright sexy Park Ranger, you can fight my fire any day. XOXO Rian
Fun night in NODA.......miss buff ppl
Fans of #redevelopment should consider sending their OWN MONEY directly to private developers. Leave the taxpayer out of it. Problem solved.
The Adjustment Bureau actually one of the most romantic movies out there. Pretty much a chick flick, in a good way.
Aw, thanks. They had a lot of fun with the play food, but if you read tomorrow's post, you'll see real food, not so much!
nicely done, wp
You'll see me? Really? Is that in the same line as the threats you made last time? If you can't handle criticism -- drop your game.
ABC is easy as 123 or simple as DO RE MI ABC 123 baby you and me boy(: I love the way you sing this!!!
sorry boo <3
Must be nice!!! I guess I feel better now? LOL
I wonder if the nuggetts know that they can win this game a change the series ... fuck the
#3WordsOfAdvice ITS BO TIME
there are many fakes out there of Hailie in twitter! Some of them are true???
#ladygaga to wake me up for work :)
I really don't care. - Bloop!
I seem to recall a line in Batman Begins to that effect...
Bitches. What's good?
Duncan, Ginobili & Parker reminding the Clippers that they’ve been doing this together for a combined 33 years. lol
Interesting sidenote: I think Horkheimer increasingly turned to religion late in life.
Thank you for following us. Tell all your friends about rollback tolls we need to support.
Ah I see! Well good to know now!
Now u ain't got no gun...so where da weed at????
Great idea! Thanks :)
is giving abs to the needy and drinking a Redline :-)
God I love to see the Patriots lose, but I hate to see the Ravens win.....
ha, wow, I sound like a wuss...going into winter here is 75 degrees! It's just that watermelons are out of season. ;-)
going to beat my sis up
That's awesome! Great work!
Thank you and :)
I'm not mean, your too sensitive.
Thanks, can't wait to try it! Maybe in a club shipment soon? :)
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
agreed, they stood out to me too. Scary combination of injury-prone players & probably issues w/ medical/training staff.
yes it is! Lol then, meeting the man :-)
At BookPeople, observe and report on Dave Eggers!
looked so damn gorgeous in her maxi photo shoot... godbless yu sweetheart nd hurry nd drop that damn album of yourz... W.O.R.D.
Who is ready for some football??
LOL. Really, your 1st? You were a Nutella virgin?
I also have it formatted for Mac AND PC but it's never recognizable as a usable drive on ANY PC I plug it into.
have stockport brought many???
Happy Halloween!!!
Today's the first game I play after being out for 9 months🏀
listening to whotune radio and new songs added this week. do you have the app? NO iPhone or an android, I listen online...old skool! HA!
What a nice Day ! , Morning
Thx for all the re-tweets for 2nd Street SoundCheck! Hope u all had fun!
I had an amazing time this weekend. Just sayin.
RT : TONIGHT @ 7pm in the Schine - Reflecting on the Bicentennial of the War of 1812
My mom laughing like it's funny. Ain't nothing funny man!
I could use a few glasses of wine
Found the perfect dress for homecoming... i'm so frikken excited!!! :D
tony Allen
#ffcs is off the chain #atl at encore
Macho = a real typographer who makes type u can read all day and never get tired + hairy chest, fat stomach, lots of dandruff
the founders of twitter
Getting ready for my final parts in my short film tonight. Death of a screamking.
Still time to pull a power move ladies!
Do gnats resurrect themselves and come flying back to taunt you, or do I just have a whole house full of gnats?
Attending Institute of Management Consultants #IMCUSA Chapter Leadership Conference re: professionalism and ethics in cconsulting
and im not drinking or doing drugs, even though i don't already. and everyone that does do those things, i'm ridding them from my life.
then stop tweeting! Lol
Rondo makes 7-8 mill a year less than other elite PG's
RT Do a little surfing of your own. Note headlines, styles and topics that attract you - integrate them into your own writing
People on the train listening to their crappy dub step so loud we all have to suffer... Happy Monday
i love you princeton :)
Have seen their 8-second interview clips on youtube yet? Have you caught that? Just making sure
hahaha! I wonder how many ppl will actually be there! We are leaving for Red G in the AM :)
#latin of the day - Cogita ante salis. - "Think before you leap."
Do you ever wake up and say, "God, I wish I could watch four basketball games today"? Day four, NBA D-League
I'm not average
Batting practice at Target Field, apparently.
hey I am upset
Getting ready to see Inception in a little while. Yup getting lucky enough to see it 3 days early. I'll let you know how spectacular it is.
Is it appropriate for speakers to show videos during a live session? Is that less engaging?? 3 in one lightning round after lunch???
there is no room on our couch
Awww, thanks! What a nice thing to say!
u know who I'm thinking of right now lol“: Hard to believe there are some people who are unaware of what morals are”
Josh is the best! Food just keeps appearing in front of me.
Grand Opening on May 17th for in North Park!
Guys i got a C on my midterms for my online class! :D
Let's go beat OKC! beat OKC! beat OKC!
Troubled Athletes? PostTramaticSportsSyndrome? Concussions? Broke Finances? Will someone out there agree w me~1 word: CHOICES??
Episode 1 in 3D!!!!! I'm as excited as the first time I saw it. D
I'm addicted to gum.... So addicted my jaw hurts..
#RHONJ I cant wait till the new season!!!
And the winner is..... Bounty Hunter!!!!
I wasted a beautiful sunny day for this? What a horrifying series
If I wasn't so overwhelmed, I'd laugh. Let them watch me; others can do the real work. RT : you're being followed by the NYPD
LONDON: Artists for Woman for Woman International Charity Auction at Christies huge success to support Woman in Conflict Zones.
I gave benadryl the 1st time she mentioned it. Didn't seem 2 have any effect. Don't know what 2 do. Its really bothering me.
#Inaperfectworld, my bottle of wine wouldn't end, #JaxTeller would we real, and #CTandDiem would get married.
Omg!!!! The rotisserie chicken @ the market smells like heaven! Its gonna go fast! WOW!!!
hello from the back of the room!
Such a fun day yesterday! Great win last night by the Rebels, and now getting pumped up for the #49ers game today! Can't wait til 330!
w/ the 17yo one, we were told by Falls Rd Animal Hospital that he had cancer & 2-3 months left. A year later we put him down.
totally agree
my 65 y.o. Mother is mad at GOP. What does that tell you.
Did you see the dessert food truck outside tonight? Follow for updates! Ice cream, sorbet, cookies, whoopie pies & more
Swim class kicked my ass this morning. Shared lane with a couple of guys faster and younger. Never so glad to see that 1 hr end
I don't think you could shove any more #Spartans in this bar. GO GREEN!!!!
Miami ball movement the last few minutes has been spectacular.
The #mnwild score less than fat dudes at Comic-Con these days.
What an alcoholic lol RT : The ring of fire is hands down the best drinking game
it's quite morbid, but beautiful. I've heard the smell is unbearable.
If only green didn't make us come to chorus...
Combined with sensible nutrition, exercise could save billions in healthcare costs.
Canon AE-1. I still have it.
it's a labor of love!
Odds are, if you're listening 2 me 2day on , you didn't hear how #Brewers beat #Cubs 6 hrs ago. I'll tell u. on news.
Almost 100 cappers with action posted so far this Tuesday but only 1 consensus so far on St Johns..Lot more to follow
I need to be reading...but I'm I doing that....nope.
you are Gold Coasts Finest.
yes it is! :) anytime, and thanks!!
Rachael is scary when she cries
Of the 12 AL batters with a BA of .300+ 4 are #Tigers and 3 from the
At this time tomorrow, I'll be at Kelly's. Thank God.
At my family Easter gathering...there are two white guys in the whole house...how the hell is golf on our television?
Peart always does it for me, but we need more!!
Halfway through the week, but this is going to be a long day... Happy humpday folks.
what's good today?
the idea or quote that draws an editor in and makes her want to keep reading past page one
Things are going well. I am blessed good brother. How have you been?
Agreed. NATURAL all the way. I use coconut oil that my mom brought back from the Philippines. (I love #beauty chat on twitter)
yeahh him & Austin together are like 1 big bundle of sweet & sexyness! :P lmao
sad, confused, whatevsies. you name it, I got it.
I remember the weirdest stuff from high school... mainly because my school was full of idiots. lol
God may not answer ur prayers in the way u expect, but He always answers in the best way.
are you a juggalo? Since when?
I love Midtown Groom and Board.
Looks like its going to be a boring and lonely day in Doral
Would it be possible to have you come speak in the future?
And a box of thin mints RT : now I remember why I don't buy full tubs of hummus: I treat them like a single serving size.
Why the Alex Grey avatar? The painting's name is Oversoul. You getting transcendent?
#FF so you don't miss when her latest #Pandora book comes out.
Have a bunch of updates coming this week, like new character reveals. We'll definitely keep you posted.
can't stand him!!!
i always neglect the people that care the most ugh
DONT!!! :) RT We're moving offices! What is your best moving tip?
-_- You stole my question!!!!!
what's the plan liv? Any updates on the big move to the big apple? #WeathersGettingPerfect! #FillMeIn x
lots of kilts and smells
cause i have my own superman, i call him DAD
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created. We help finance startups/co's that are premature for a bank line.
Thanks for the tweet! =)
": drinking water, trying to get my life back on track. You?"hm okay, trying to figure out todays plan
thanks bud
you are not the only one who feels the drafthouse is slipping. Too many irons in the fire methinks
Looking forward to introducing to tomorrow. Followed by Mexican food, naturally.
they should have written SOS in lipstick on the wing! I really enjoyed the book.
Games on our TVs: NFL PIT @ WAS 7:30p
because its the only grade I knew I was getting! I wanna know how fucked I am in the other ones
Michael Jackson is my hero... I will love him forever, he was a great man!
I wish yall cld c this dress it iz beyond anything ive ever imagined
Maybe I should let this go ....
Young, Wild, & Free.
For homeowners&property owners to assist in the claims process&making it HASSLE FREE,seeing the repairs through to the end
Was not digging the Rashomon thing on Downton Shipwreck. Annoying. Why do writers ruin already dramatic story with fictional nonsense?
i would love too!!!
Very glad to hear that Black Rock sold, will be getting a theatrical release!
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Main Library on March 3, 24, and 31 at 1pm for those with incomes of $40,000 and under.
how does work ? Lol
The week & wknd (starting Mon p.m) was a clingy-kid vacuum punctuated by moments of awesome friends and family. Thank GOD for them :)
CBRE arranges US$49 million sale of Sè Hotel in San Diego, CA
Russia's Attempt To Emulate Occupy Protests Ends In Arrests via
Giving thanks for Prof Christopher Beeley, who taught me to love GNaz...and deepened my love of the
: Happy Birthday!
- Thanks for the Tall Trees of Tokyo mentions this week!
Sounds good, gonna grab one tonight! ;)
Hopefully the RHOC won't get that tacky
Hope you're enjoying your break...let's make 2012 amazing!
getting "transformed" in church today! I will get a picture!
Incredibly Realistic WoW Cosplay! (Photos) These elves have never looked so stunning!
Really don't want to do this essay . Z
lmfao, he is doing to much ;)
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
you have never been there, everyone there has large soulless eyes
Really? LOVE but best in the world? Idk
bro your spam is killn me
awww I misses u too...lots of sad faces....no one to get into trouble with down here!
Install an Emoji Icons app, get a graphical character set. 🚀🏢📖🏃
We live in America where a girl who threw flour in Kim Kardashian was arrested on site but the man who killed Trayvon Martin is still free.
So sick of typing papers and cramming my nights full of homework.
Can't wait for you guys to perform!!!! I LOVE YOU POREOTICS!!!
does anyone wanna buy me some chips and cheese?
Anyone going to a wedding tomorrow (or having a wedding tomorrow)?
i wish i could go to your concert, i've been a fan since u 1st started out. But u sold out in san antonio in THREE MINUTE ...
Friends don't let friends become friends on Facebook.
The unemployment rate increased to 8.9% in April, up from 8.5% in March. Overall, employment has dropped by 13.7 million jobs.
r u mad too like
I won't hold my breath waiting for an apology for your crass, insensitive remark, but it really was.
Kevin Love posts an amazing 31 points and 31 rebounds in win over the Knicks. Granted, it was the Knicks...
lol I saw it homie. They should be winning these games, I still wanna see more. They have 2 much talent not to kill.
A2: It will help with attendance in small markets in Sept. needs to embrace social media in-game.
"Jesus didn't come to turn the world upside down- He came to turn it right side up!" Mike Glenn <Kairos Nashville>
Hi all! If you're interested in #green alternatives to marketing your business, follow to learn about our #corn plastic mugs!
$4 carbombs, $3.5 cherry bombs and $2 miller bottles till bar time. Happy Friday and summer feels good
The Notebook is on y'all 😢❤
I am so, so sorry for your loss.
The dudes on sound so uninterested during their monthly UFC prediction segments.
The Westown Farmer's Market starts Wed, June 6th. Let the countdown begin!
Had a good night for a change!
okay (; I have like 11 followers now.
sounds fascinating! I think we could sell some kegs in Chicago.
I AM DRAWING A CLIPPING PATH ON A PHOTO OF A PIECE OF CHEESE
As a guy with a Wed/Thurs weekend I've been in my office. I just had a full on weathertantrum at the forecast for the rest of the week.
Especially towards the end, grad school is largely an exercise in scheduling and juggling.
hanging out at Sheddy's
Keeping your business on top will be a challenge, but Google Places helps you do just that without any problems.
I love this kid on the playground who is not running around but standing up by the swings reading HP1.
My friend made me an account for something, & she didn't even tell me the password? But i figured it out MYSELF. #smart ;)
Blake is not D. Fish
never mind I found it :)
Thankfully, I have not seen the images here in the U.S. I would definitely be triggered as well.
Good morning twitter fam!! Jared isn't awake yet so be his personal alarm clock and give him a call this morning.
Love this...... RT Talent hits the target which no one else can hit; genius hits the target which no one else can see.
My attempt to start a new fashion trend by wearing a $2.99 non-branded Walgreens baseball cap is not working. Apparently I look like a narc.
I can't control my emotions right now. This fanfic is so cute.
Thursday night at Murphy's Law! Come out! Grab a beer!
what's up?!
I know - I had tears running down my face...
Premier party tonight at Solas in the East Village from 9-11. spinning! Then to Hudson Terrace!!
Such a privilege to have him on my team, I will never take a single minute of it for granted.
as special issue of Victorian studies coming out eventually w and Morretti.
Who's gonna support me if I go solo? No screams. Similar to Hollywood undead, 3OH3 and the ready set
Where can I purchase discount hi-tech gadgets? Any ideas?
I tapped a globe. I looked at my finger- Nouadhibou, Mauretania is the random place of my day.
Happy May Day, but more importantly Happy Birthday to my big sister!
A sound mind in a sound body is a short but full description of a happy state in this world. ~ John Locke
Eating #hibachi with my mommy :)
Yes im single maybe if you put mature men and not toddler boys who actually want a future I wouldn't be
I'm playing Zombie Jombie too. My friend code is: 6Q7L36
5am airport dropoff with awesome view of dawn lightning storm over Sierra Nevada
RT #ArentYouTiredOf liars and cheaters? I know I am. R-T if you hate em!!
25 minute caffeine nap! Go!
Glad I can tether my 4G internet from phone to laptop and have unlimited data plan. Seems wi-fi is down at hotel
Right. Better to be there in secondary hotel than not at all. Thinking... planning... must go.
Cut loose #footloose #MovieNightForOne yes please :)
ARC - gym feels good after missing out for a week.
90 degree weather! SHAVE ICE! SHAVE ICE! SHAVE ICE! Yes kids we won't forget it this weekend! @ CLACKAMAS YOUTH FOOTBALL OPENER!
awesome - which box? my norcal crossfit is up there.
Mark 9:23: Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Follow , she needs to have 10,000 followers by year's end.
So guys: What did you think about tonight's Oscars?
Someone switch seats with me?! is acting loca!
you deserved to lose...great job you were resilient.
going to Disney World next month, work and then a mini vaca with - CANNOT WAIT!
Exactly! Red pants are just so vibrant. =D
&& that's where I quoted South Park and said "It's my hot body and I'll do what I want!"
try THE EROTIC
My best joke to get mad laughs.....If Guy Fieri ever shows up at my house unannounced, I'm yelling rape!
FORVER JEALOUS OF
Glad you like our history map (and thanks for the tweet)! We aim to please!
I just told dis bitch eat it was now i realize you can't hold back no real talk you gotta tell like it is
that nap felt good....gotta go get groceries now :/
. Thanks, Mike. How was your race?
lol...that's mean. I didn't see it...u sayin he gain weight?
Always tired on sunday...
How about a "drop" within the ride like on 13 at
♪She wasn't with me shooting in the gym #♪
Very Cool. I will be ordering some
Omg , This Man License Plate Says " Too Bad "
haha I'm glad you enjoy them 🐱 the countdown starts ...
Okay, justin bieber just go get your sexy face on my tv screen already. thanks.
blood chocolate waffle, cake or ice cream?
We are looking to expand to Georgia, would you want to bring kettlebell group exercise to your facility with our program?
Get to know these people
Watch for Midday recipe of the day coming right up ----
#MannFan I love you❤Follow me;)
#goofynewsteases - "How I move my eyebrows a special way when I look in the camera... at 10."
haha your face last night was hilarious when started talking about sex in space :)))
Electrical engineering design project to aid track team - LSU The Reveille
nnot sure if thats how it goes.
I'm black and asian? Why didn't you give me a brochure earlier?
thanks for the registration tweet!
RT BrittBunni I gotta cut back on partying and spending money... I'm too close to my nursing degree to throw it away *__*
thank you!! Love all of your clothes and accessories!!
I think I saw a RT from you somewhere.... I'm great. Hope you're having a good week!
awe you will be missed! Good luck in all your adventures :) rock that graduation stage Sunday!
NATIONAL CHAMPIONS! I LOVE MY WILDCATS! 💙
follow back.
All im gonna listen to tomorrow at school is dis White Flame #motivated me
Let's help Bill Wixey! ": Wow. Just noticed I am 11 followers away from 10,000. Can you help me get there? Thanks!"
Just got a random $400 in the mail... Because someone screwed up at the mortgage company over a year ago!
New Speaker: to lead 90min workshop . Thanks for your support!
If you weren't so negative, I'm sure better things would happen to you.
Can one of those Oscar nominated sound editors fix the mic?
I've been working hard & haven't read it yet but she attacked NU grad students, right? You must've taken it quite personally.
its not a time limit to makin it where you wanna be as long as you get there!
I think doctors offices' scales are programmed to add on 5 extra pounds so you think you're fatter than what you really are. -_-
So incredibly depressed over the fact that I'm not able to see this weekend. D':
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” -Albert Einstein. HAVE A G'DAY!!
People can figure out all sorts of things about life, except how to be happy.
thanks for following!
thank you best friend !!!
actually... I'm not sore one bit.. Weird!
I know! Me too.
I'm not gonna lie I miss you too, darn it finally said it!
We finished mixing the last tune and now we are tiny minor mix tweaks. I hope there is time to Master today because then I will be done!
ah, the iPad is sufficient for now I see! I find it amusing that u connected twitter before ur email!
Got my tickets to see one direction next year!! So excited:)
Thanks! Love it. Ribs just came out of the smoker.
Really over here blasting "You Da One"-Rihanna.
good morning all. had fun scrolling my timeline and seeing and convo last night. crazy girls...lol
"O, is it fun to win!" ~ Jim Hunter
follow me:) I love you so much<3<3 NOTICE ME!
anyone got a green or blue screen for video chromakeying? looking to rent or buy, thanks!!!
RT : Why is the word "Short" longer than the word "Long"?
I hope Lebron wins the title every year until Seattle gets a new team. Let's go Bill Gates, make yourself usefull.
Definition of beautiful : [BE]a[U]tiful .
same here:)
Cool 5 mile run before the big birthday blowout celebration tonight
Woo hoo!!! Exciting win, rangers!
Reduce your plan to writing... The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
I didn't give you a heart attack with weebly pages?
... No doubt a magnificent exhibition!
aren't you on my Instagram?
Been very busy working on my new novel "Love Isn't Painful" I almost forgot I had a fashion business.
Met some great artists yesterday on the South Side and in Polish Hill! Maybe you'll see them at Frazier Field?!
BOYS:If you see that shes acting weird, see whats up you dont want a hazy relationship
Less or more pressure on Andrew luck now?
If the universe is expanding what is it expanding into?
i got a blue one ! :D its so awesome . But it takes to long to charge :|
SAT word of the day: mercurial (adj.) characterized by rapid change
You never do what I expect you to..
#dogoodsummit starting now!
WineTable has featured Wine With Class, go grab a seat at the table and check us out
yeah! With and a few others :)
Thanks for coming out to the show!
Hey girl! I saw your dad at GA's show on Friday!! He is so funny! Wish you could have been there! :)
Twitter handles for everyone in that last tweet: Tom Roberge Chad Post Jeff
Hit me 3058798314
Just cast on Casting Shadows! WhooHoo!
i love her alot
i wanna do a TT !
depends...are you performing tonight? Lol...623
you just have to make some cozies that are woven in ikat or colorful afghan patterns and you have a complimentary product.
Im a tired pregnant bitch ! Goodnight #proudmommy <3333
We listened and we heard!! Pork Verde chile is back on and being served daily. Thank you for letting us know how much you love it. ENJOY!!
Spent all day in a "Mastering Meetings" class. Another 4 hours tomorrow. Do I get to wear a crown or something when I'm done?
NO DOUBT!!
100% agree. For us, assn's challenge is how to provide spaces for more change to happen and in a cost effective way.
Ready to go to rugby tomorrow and blow some steam off
Prom stuff with my domestic partnership partner :)
yes please!
Doesn't the long term supply picture of natural gas ultimately point to lower prices and lower producer margins?
and I think I accepted you :)
"I'm on a highway to hell!!!" - Tim Tebow
the new iPad could change the entire workflow of a photoshoot...think about it...
My co-worker told me she smx advises her kids lives based off Disney movies "Just around the riverbend, things could change"
Not thrilled to be playing a night game at Penn State this year. Maybe with new coaches, we'll be OK...but then maybe they will, too.
Christmas pictures in the summer?
didn't. dissed NBC for screwing #biggestloser fans. i don't watch the voice-been showing plenty of detroit love for tony on my show
Cyberduck failing me at what is maybe not the worst possible moment, but definitely not a welcome moment, either!
Lmao yo bad....RT : Good luck I know its a big day for you! Got my Niner gear on though.
S/O to my finan lol
Had a fun time at the Opening of Burn the Floor at with
got credentials for PBR next week at the Pit
hahaha I was hoping you'd say that my Sr year in hs I would've said the same thing. And you're probably right now bro hahaha
You know why I'll leave you alone? Because I care about your feelings more than mine.
ooh...smart. will have to try!
Only doing 4 hours of actual work today >>>>
Shout out to and on their wedding day. Everything was top notch. May God bless your union.
don't like the UP TO part.
can NOT wait to see the American premiere of the Samale-Phillips-Cohrs-Mazzuca edition of Bruckner 9 next month!
In honor of all the mom out there next sunday ALL MOMS RIDE FOR FREE!!!!!!!!! bring your mom out for a day of fun and fishing!!!!
cornstarch. Put it on your legs after the beach and bye bye sand.
121-Pretty hair! Ill ship you with Louis Tomlinson!
#FF for the launch of the year!
Do something nice for someone today, without expecting something in return, its called .. doing it from the heart!
exactly, sort of, the key word in the text is 'sometimes' inspiration is good, but it's not the same meat as stable motivation
yea u have too I ll make sure I send u a special invite
Just drew for 15 ep. Of 30 rock, my wrist hurts
Conspiracy to defraud the American people of constitutional rights and due process is a most serious offense.:Obama Levin McCain GULAG BILL
Im going to be wearing and purple and grey shirt i have glasses come meet me (:
but you are more.
#shop by occasion, price or theme. great #gifts for everyone on your #shopping list.
Dark blue dark bluueeeeee
really wants to go see lion king on broadway again. oh my gosh it was incredible saw it 3 years ago and still wanna see it again
Hitting up the gym again! Man, I'm feeling great :)
On the other hand, you can also imagine the smug sense of superiority that comes to them when they're right.
Bring your girlfrined in today for lunch and get 1/2 off the 2nd lunch entree!
I saw it at a gallery in NYC last year for the 11 am - 12 noon-ish section. Wish I had had time to watch much much more.
yup sadly. I check out the browns as two of my good friends are fans. We all cry when we have beers. Lol
yea same here! It like kills you inside!
Look for it over the next month to 6 weeks...pretty pumped about it all!
yes for my class final. So nervous! Apparently I don't have ice in my veins :( wish you and were here *sigh*
it's better then a not good :x pretty Cool :) how's alejandro ha :)?
Taco Knight tonight! Hooray!
They don't even know "Freebird"! I want my money back!
Streaming rights are cheaper, and will last longer.
I don't find that awkward
I think he's finally settling down. I'll remember this when he's a teenager and sleeps till noon.
She was an American girl, raised on promises.
We started this when there was daylight
If I were Charles Howell, I I would name my dogs Thurston and Lovey.
RT : on the MIC w/YOUR chance to win Los Depoz Latest CD & get you qualified for a touch MP3 player! will...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR CHRIS! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!(: Hope your day is great!
Great news: MPA was selected Non-Profit of the Year by the Greater McLean Chamber of Commerce. We are so honored!
Pretty sure I've sneezed more times today than I have in my entire life.
Rochester rawks!!!! We love our hometown!!
Love is for the souls not the bodys.
GHETTO WORD OF THE DAY: OBAMA. I can eat a whole bag of chips, Obama myself.
S So glad you are doing good Luke! And yes I say For Pete Sack all the time. Ha!
happy leavening to you
Absolutely GORGEOUS !!!!!
inspired by chat w/ leah buechley (lilypad arduino) to think about ways to do soft circuit knitting--or spinning. corespun conductive yarn?
stomping my little feet #thatcamp site times out digital road rage
Thanks for the retweet!
Ahh, St. Patrick's Day. The New Years Eve of March.
I swear Abita is better in New Orleans.
#FatTuesday $2 Heineken bottles from 8-12. $3 malibu black hurricanes as well. The girl with the most beads wins trip to myrtle beach
After talking to T.Y. Hilton on Wednesday, it would not shock me if the Dolphins select him. Possibly today. Rosenhaus told him to be ready.
ok ill look.
Sometimes I think I could be a bit nicer to LA Husband. I said, "sometimes".
K cool
Fuck.its so windy.🍃
I'm terrible with women and not ashamed to say it. Help me help you hahaha
Divorces are never fun. Allow us to help resolve your family law issues. Call us today for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
macaroni and cheese
next year. Sorry. Order a bottle.
She ah runner..
I suck at wrapping but will not concede my present to the gift-bag.
and you still wont talk to me *sigh*
Rude behavior is about the rude person's issues, not ours. They are not just "having a bad day."
#UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #RATTPACK 6PM Est 👍
Whoever wears #36 for the #Packers next is gonna have some big shoes to fill. Thanks for the memories.
#Congress: “Please save #afterschool programs because some of us don’t have anywhere to go.” –Julie
I Wiish I Was Home Alone 2 Jealoousy ;O !!
I also read this and thought that Snooki was really at KOP, which is 15 min from my mom's, so I was very upset at first.
I for one am thrilled that Manhattan is less riddled with karaoke bars than SMASH would have you believe.
I forgot to mention the 3/4 length raincoat and sassy purse. I almost asked her advice on my 401k, it was so convincing
Good Luck today ! Season starts NOW!
We had a moment today..he was singing to me Nd I laughed he couldn't sing bc I made him laugh<3
are you going home?! Or staying there?
i called u ...bt no answer..i hope everythings okay twin
switching out a dumpster in Bellaire! This horrible rain can't slow us down!!!
He isn't what he pretends to be.
Thanks for the support!
DOH! You are there!
should just come over and use mine
Good question. . Are there accepted core DH competencies?
Senior Prom 2012!!
Safe & Sound with T. Swift is #BigPimpin' .
I love this.
Dude, I'm not talking about friends!
“: I'm just gonna sleep all day today” do it. :) how is your modeling going?
US Blacks also run from history. They feel shame over slavery, rather than pride in our ancestors' struggles for freedom.
If my mom buys me tickets iwill love her even more.
Just got up could meet you in an hour. Give me a call will DM my mobile.
IDK how to get it out! haha
Divas of Deviance TOMORROW! Be there!! Also, messag me with your name & # of guests to SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR for FULL COMP
Its gorgeous out & I have nothing to do
how can i do that now that i'm all distracted?
I'm starting to bristle when others overuse words, "actually" and "exactly."
Great shot! Reminds me of Garden of Earthly Delights.
I'm going to show you how great I am
Facebook is slowly dying and getting lame fast
So glad for you girl! YES! =)
What do you say Luuuuuc!?!?
and were absolutely amazing tonight! Steve played the Zorn like a mad man! Great stuff!
Adele!!!! She deserves everything she won tonight! She is an amazing artist!
"Before starting work, go thru all former materials. Many things of vital importance have been lost sight of." Note for "Sun and Rocks" 2/2
Some people have problems
see you next Tuesday?
someone should get on oovoo wit me
So Imma Opp Now Okay Bet Don't Come To The Hood On Foe Nem Imma Scare Yo Ass Away With This 380.
And where are we off to now?! “: Damn this rain & traffic is not cool at all... An hour & half drive to the airport.”
Barrett is fired up. And I'm ready to go.
Whovians!! Is new companion really Jenna Louise Coleman?
Noel and shabazz announcing the same day
Listening to David Lankes start today's conversation. If you're in Dallas, come to DCC A1.
I witnessed a poor defenseless deer lying bleeding in the road as it's deer family looked on. I called 911 to save him & they mocked me?
To all the moms, Happy Mother's Day!
I'm feeling a little star struck because liked one of my Dribble shots! :-)
Ah nvm. The passed ball. Missed that in the box score.
he wants to talk to you to doe <3
It's official, but bittersweet. I cried. I am approved for my SSDI (disability). Makes my health depressingly REAL. Can pay bills though! :)
Thanks Lane Kiffin! What a jackass! RT : I guess Alshon is going to be pumping some high quality gas in Chi-Town.
Listening to my parents talk about remodeling our house.. SHUT UP!
i a
already in the mail as of yesterday, sunshine. You can still knife someone in celebration.
Hope it comes out on DVD!! ASAP!!!!
Oh NOW is does. Nutshell: Jess's mom is doing better; go home today. Gas goes up a lot, down a little, etc. The boy is being strange.
Farm workers banned from pub in one of Britain's richest villages for wearing ... - Daily Mail
Leadership in a CyberWorld: Perspectives from Six Police Executives - download .pdf fr
had a lovely time makeup shopping with :)
TRANSITION: :an abrupt change in energy state or level, usually accompanied by loss or gain of a single quantum of energy. Smh
Hey is there any way I can try your fonts before I buy? Need some way to present options to our client.
haha u mad
sounds cute!
I'll let you know after the ice bath and a nap:).
Working on something big at the ULC this week... and probably the next as well... I'll keep you updated!
oh facebook?
but you look good at trying
clearly you're just worried I'll find a cuter boy if I go sexy
#AFS11 thanks for my first opportunity to present at a conference! Catch u cats later-
THE MAIN IMPRESSION JUNE 22ND ITS GOING DOWN
Who ya makin' gorgeous today, George?
It's a tough Veteran's with the recent Ft. Hood attack. Let this be a reminder of what is at stake. "Semper Fi" to all the vets. Thanks-doug
I believe Monty Hall is known for a similar quote: "I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years."
they're just trying to get laid. obviously.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/20/2012 and was under his calorie goal
haha wasn't even thinking of you,but spice it up a bit #buttplugkelli😄😁😜
Harold S. Geneen~ Do you want my one-word secret of happiness--its growth--mental financial you name it.
1 hour left. Project A requires pulling out the systems manual. So does Project B. Project C requires submitting a Support Incident
- because whether or not u believe in JESUS OR NOT, "HE IS, HE WAS, AND HE IS TO COME"
Next time I'm in traffic court and they ask me what I plea, I'm going to say #YOLO your honor.
our manager Richard is the shit
no problem
Access to services is key for healthy sustainable lives. Thanks to all our #nonprofit partners in #SanDiego for providing those services.
Anyone else think the mayor of Detroit sounds like Morgan Freeman??
“: I told you how you can own whatever the fuck you want to lol” hell u talkin bout
Great day at Seattle Flute Fair!
Make an impression during your #interview. Have good posture, be animated, and engaged in your responses.
You cast a spell on me..
hungover at work <<<<
We want to shift the focus to academics...
flying into jfk, hope we can land :-/
flacco goes against my cardinals...start him, nuff said
: I hope it isn't your last day either!!! Say hi to #saldutti for me ^_^
The Texans have finally released Jacoby Jones. Just like that the receiving core is better.
My mom just called me "a lyin ass" only my mom!
Apparently Jeremy is having issues.
This weeks episode of BBW hit home ... I know exactly what Kesha was feeling
I can't believie my neighbor is work outside in a thunder and lighting storm!!! He has balls!!!
you know you would be free
Whoa those SB Ring hats are sweet!
Want some help to win Roshons autograph? Use this tweet! "Hey follow he was on camp rock 1&2 and is currently on shake it up!"
I will too, of course. Will be interesting to see how this performs.
Today in 1967 the #Dodgers experienced their 1st rain-out in Los Angeles (after 8 seasons there).
Keep Portland Weird!👍
#oomf tries to comment on everything to but funny... but actually sounds really dumb.
Lightskin Girls Are In..
I am not a heavy drinker. I can sometimes go for hours without touching a drop.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. W Clement Stone
thanx, I mostly thought they were funny. I can see them causing harm in the wrong hands though
RT : A ground ball would be awesome here.
carly better still be dressing up.
I <3 - first heard them on Jason Bentley's "Morning Becomes Eclectic" and fell head over heels in <3 with their music!
do my u.s project
All dynamic communicators have mastered three basic communication skills: conversation, writing and presenting.
Beyond excited to help produce "Dog sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead" it's an amazing play!
I'm not a fashionista but everyone is a fashion critic when what watching
AH i love my clock im making!!!
Go Green Go!!
You are an April Fools Master
Thank you for checking out my book "Love Isn't Painful" I can't wait to read your book.
Getting a house plant?
ha ha your ghay
Currently in mixing process for E.P. We have an album name that will be officially released! Blog #4 is coming soon. Sorry for lateness!:o
Laugh and the world laughs with you.
funny...and easy.
Totally agree. Hopefully they will learn from this lesson.
After the game, tell her I'm still proud of her!
yeah y n how is im a stranger
YOU GUYS. YOU SHOULD LISTEN TO SARINNE. SHE'S SO CUTE.
do you find your toes attractive?
Got my computer back,, [:
I honestly have no idea how Bobby Valentine got the Red Sox gig. Does he have nude pics of Larry Lucchino? That is the ONLY explanation.
Your job sounds amazing!
that was very nice of you, I'm sure they'll get it! And I'm doing well, hope you are too!! :)
Creating an info. product is a powerful & inexpensive way to position yourself in the industry.
hi :D
The king convincer
Evil has descended on America.Our nation is falling apart.Communist dictator Obama is stripping away out rights.God help us!!!
we found a pattern!!!
Good day. Just wrapped a shoot with awesome assistant , and now time for drinking.
Sometimes life just sucks!
#Donohue, Angels of Destruction. Is there any hole in the world like a lost child? Sorrow, yearning, faith. Well worth the book club reread.
hope all is well! Will miss you. The tea is Tazo African Red Bush btw ;-)
Road Quote of the Day: “Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
2. Drink in where we pour cols #1 martini, best bathrooms & best Dj / dance music according to
you're killing me blue!!
Talking hockey with my mentor give her a follow!
That´s great!! Have you ever visited the Basque country? We would love to ;)
Old guy wearing headphones doesn't realize his MP3 player is also playing out loud. He's listened to the same song 4 times in a row.
Oh noes! I'm sure sitting in the rain to watch women in tight pants run around and knock each other over didn't help. Sorry, hon.
Gondolier is heaven. 👼
"Do any one of you have a doubt that if that raid failed that this guy would be a one-term president?" What an admission! Muzzle this guy.
Start a new one!
We have a donor who will be matching contributions for 12 more hours! Check us out and get involved! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
What are people doing for Halloween around Madison this year?
oh okay! thats whats up!! lmao...How did my scene look?
Just returned from my first trip back to #Joplin since immediate aftermath of last year's tornado. Amazing the progress that's been made
Didn't even know you where doing it lol didn't know you were the only one aloud to tweet quotes on
yep yep. Just coordinate everything through him. When r you coming to LA?
Housing is done! We may not have gotten what we wanted, but all that matters is that I'm living with my best friend
Jammin to my Pandora station
you guys Better have this shit at warped!!!!
not one second.
I would love too but Ive seemed to have misplaced my guillotine
What do you mean, suntan lotion? Spring Break smells like floor polish! (Please bear with us this week as the SLab gets a beauty treatment.)
AWMAN my resume on point
Of course but you'll be happy about it later.
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I will always love you. and I will always care.
we are diggin' your spirit! If you're ever in #tampa stop in and check us out! Locally owned and operated for 25 years!
Robert Pinsky read his translation of Cseslaw Milocz's "Incantation" to close keynote at #WFUD2012. Beautiful!
Bang bang.
Nice to meet you on Friday!
IPRC alert .40 short term goal
Being gifted intellectually is a small part of success. Concentrate on factors U have control over: persistence, self-discipline, confidence
Time for #syttd. I love lazy Friday nights
Thanks for thinking I look "cunt." I can't think of a better word to describe my fashion <3 <3
When I go to the studio, I record like I'm droppin an album while you bums tryin to drop one song. #HardWork, I'm talking hours to days bruh
Finding Detroit to be the most interesting place in America right now.
Epic weekend. Closing it out with some sushi in Los Feliz w/Ashmaster & Meyer. Can't wait to hit tomorrow to work out!
Bethhhhhhhhski you ROCK girl! You own your survivorship and share and help so many with your good energy LOVE IT girl!! :)))))
searching for them black Friday stealzz
AL HARRINGTON & PENNY MARSHALL!?!?!
Three Stooges Raglan T-Shirt Not in Rehab Adult Grey/Black Shirt
BREAKING NEWS: Portland police responding to a report of a homicide at NE 106th and Halsey. More on #gooddayoregon on
Good Morning and have a great weekend
Breathtaking! Thanks for sharing
All islands connect underwater. We are all connected. All histories, people & culture. CONNECTED. -
thank you for your patience my dude
has already been in touch with the family.
Really? .. followers are SO bipolar
Yeah I saw that. Just humorous how these companies many predict will fail fairly soon are just a comedy of errors.
A man, a plan, a canal, panama. Read it backwords
Well I'd rather be positive that's all. Anything wrong with that?
That's A Classic Scene...Right After The Laker Get Blown Out Pau Gasol and Bynum are still sittin there talking about the next game
I have so much to be thankful for: , a job I love, family I love, I'm making a difference everyday and I'm healthy
im listening to music wyd
Hotel..Motel...Holiday Inn.
yeah but I don't feel you you're more like
She’sCute& loveable,hottest chick in Anne Arundel,helps me solve life’s puzzle,drop a bundle,thro my coat over a puddle,w/her I want 2cuddle
Cuddling and watching them old Romantic Disney movies has to be the best <3
You got that right! I love being open on warm summer nights!
I think I wanna learn how to screenprint.
Only at an opening night and After Party of a Broadway Show you get to eat 21 different types of dessert! What?! Thank you sister ;-)
woo go panda!
J'Nan: Youth are looking for a compromise. Work with them. Listen to them.
It's already going off here! Make sure you get down here to check out the best party in Mt. Vernon this evening!
don't let fear hold you back
We love Love listening to 106.7litefm!! Thanks guys!
Unfortunately not ha..
I've been promoted to Technical Services Librarian.
If you like football, #GrudensQBCamp is a must watch
Woke up in NJ...Unisys shoot in PA...back to NYC
I was trying to explain that to a Beehive I was interviewing last night...
My cat is better than any clock, any timer, any alarm . . . . .
Over and outies.
...Or ill just retweet
yay its Tuesday!!! LOL #RandomHappyDance. Apt hunting continues and pageant business as well 2morrow...need a new laptop too
Driver: best smile in the league.
So find your feet now that you are on your own. Here's one for the road, I hope you never make it home.
Butler recruit Kellen Dunham will play No. 5 Kokomo in the 3rd place game of the Hall of Fame Classic at 6. Locally televised on WHNB 40.
It's not fair :/
RT : Good meeting with Locked in nastybeatmakers.com and .net Site coming soon!
Sometimes I wonder if this was all just a fairy tale. One that's coming to an end.
welcome, and appreciate it dude
You must innovate or be left in the dust...
people that are blind lmao
its is burp beer cold #bulls and chi snakebit again
Hey dummies! Give these a follow.
I made it specially for yeeeewww!!! cuz i laffff yew!!!
#jhumda You are great! Do you still use QR codes in the galleries? Remember seeing them early on there.
Rolling Stones got Ringo ahead of Barker, Sexson(311), and Passillas(Incubus) on the top 100 drummer list? Pretty far stretch if you ask me.
Honesty Counts .....
Y u gotta b so mean Taylor Swift I bet dat song was made 4 Kayne West
When I call her "Hun," it's not short for honey. It's short for Attila.
Hell no
Sorry, $650 is already out of my price range. I'll ask around though!
love it pitbull tight pants and that dance he does m! lol
Interesting time out with 3 seconds left in 3rd. Wonder if Rex now thinks that's the worst play in NFL history
I received +K in social media from Gracias!!! ;) Would love to have you over for tweetup on Thurs SoBe!
