yeah but what type of production are u doing?
oops... the server had a hiccup... Please refresh your players!
Man is not what he wants to be, but what he can not be.
thanks will check it out
So,this random #Texted me&said they were masturbating while smoking a cig....... Ew.
Winds in the past 48 hrs in N. CA of Mt. Diablo are hurricane force. Crazy stuff when you see Redwood trees shaking like licorice whips.
Chris - doing compensation manually is like "nailing Jell-O to a tree." Love that
You and I have a different definition of fun facts.
If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Today is National Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day. Do you know what's in the back of your refrigerator!? :)
Happy #Wednesday ya'll! Happy Hump day!
Even though it hurts, I'm glad I got burnt today.
we followed them (:
7 yrs. ago today I lost my hero. Not a single day goes by that I don't think of him and miss him terribly! Love you, Dad!
Putting all 4 #1 seeds in the Final Four on your bracket is not okay. Worse than declaring yourself a Yankees, Heat, Patriots and Duke fan.
Sometimes i really wander if i over do it say something specially that i like someone on here
UR Hollywood. Amazing!
Watched Amazing Race tonight and they were in Kerala India. Very cool! :)
I think you should Aire an open invitation to that sick twisted Adam Mayes to call in on your show, to tell his side of his story
haha what's good ? Your mixx of weds night was insane
Dropped the laptop. The monitor is now rocking tiny green pinstripes and hosting a challenging game of "Betcha Can't Read This".
For north central Florida folks, I'll be at the Citrus Library Author Fair in Homosassa at the community center signing from 12-3pm.
damn. How long is it now?
Love you and miss you!
I think the doctor would agree with It might result in an "SOS."
Bomb squad investigating a suspicious package near S. Carroll and Wilson Sts., according to Madison police. Some offices in area evacuated.
Not a fun score to go on break and see.
Amo 'Last Dance' y 'On The Radio'
Forgot hash tag #aas3rdcentury for last tweet with program.
i hate when girls be pump faking like you at brett favre
i was in ubud in january. bali is such a lovely, special place. enjoy!!
You know it!
Incredible, had to explain the PING hat to my kids...Keep em coming Mr Claus.
Thank you, I'll talk to you later!
Most of us up North didn't have the constant wrist updates so I didn't get what the heck you were tweeting about.
He who begins many things finishes but a few. ~Italian Proverb
hey man love the SOLO site. Is that a customized tv elements theme? really dig it.
Rams in action tonight against Lubbock Christian University. #10 Rams are 2-0 early in the campaign. Catch it online at www.ramsports.net
We have a TON of fun Mother's Day gifts lined up, so you can stop stressing out about what to get your mom this year!
The last time the Phils have been this far back #BryceHarper was playing T-Ball...and #Hamels was STILL a douche.
Cruzin' with the windows down, singing my lungs out to ‘On my way’ by on a beautiful Cali day. #elation 😊
Can't help but watch #DBTFTW... is one funny bitch!
Damn those 140 characters, I trimmed to add my 2 cents. Nadia maybe gets a bus stop, but not a subway station!
Just SMILE, RELAX, and hold your head high knowing you did ur best! Have a gr8 day!
You're just a boy toy RT @ Sir_Henry I love the sun, met pug Julia in the park, she was 1 year older, nice to play with this old woman"
I recommend #MartinMann..he makes anything and anyone look great !!!
what a bizzy day. time to get stoney
You look sweet enough to make a nigga Needa filling
Intro to Balboa starts tonight! Can't wait for Bal with Val this Saturday!
Nice! Rock on Herman Cain! :-)
where r u
you cute or w.e but o wadd you know my nigga Ant
I love watching Bait Car!
Aww :( the family is out of town drinking a #bluemoon and watching
It circumvents their ecosystem, it allows apps to speak to Dropbox's website, even if you are not a member of Dropbox
#TrueConfessions I'm scared to think of what will happen when my future boyfriend sees my scars...
next person that tells me Joe Flacco sucks and we should get rid of him I'm b**** slapping in the face
Yup, you start to feel guilty for hating it because you're supposed to love it. It's gross.
I bet wold have returned despite the rain if no bacon!
Sitting next to the fire>>
Switched at birth & Glee on tonight (Hate Bay & Rachel)
The Maya Xultun number 2448420 represents 129 calendar round periods of 18980 days.
What's your favorite dating or wedding reality show? What'd you think of Dating in the Dark?
Lmaooo alright, I'll believe it when I see it... I got you..
": There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or just closing the book."
Where they belong. In the land of ignorance with grills and air force 1s RT : Multi-colored durags.
I see my name in lights too everyday but my eyes are open looking at photo shop(:
I'm obsessed with The Devils Rejects
We Gotta do that again soon! Good times !I'm surviving! Lol RT good times!
nothing on my app will load anymore :/ now I gotta tweet through text -.-
I drive now so, be right there! :D
number holes are obsolete, but memories are much less illegal.
I need some followers because a ton of people decided to unfollow me. :P
Hearing that Whitney Houston died??????
Through fucking with these bitch ass bitches
haha I'm hungry too! And I gotta stare at all this food lol
SKO, RLO, RIO are other terms for ILO interactive learning objects.
Awesome! Well congrats for you both - we are going to have to go out on the town when you guys settle into Cleveland.
it's cool lol. I'll just have to get up earlier
blink 182 & My Chemical Romance on 9/18! Ltd # $20 All-In tix for lawn. Tix or the Box Office (M-F 10-4).
Does the fact that I invert all of my FPS games mean I'm more likely to "get" Lion's reverse scroll?
jealous! Have fun!!!
Almost! Was going to finish it off the other night but was to tired :(
AHH yeah im going to try tomorrow morning or tonight :/
we need to govern like a network with a network
New Party...much bettaaa....
No grave could hold the King; His powr no stone could keep-He broke the chains of death with victory!...great song 4 today by
Just tapped Boulder Hazed and Infused Dried Hop Pale.
The bitchassness is starting to go away...Thank goodness
So Jordan's substitute teacher told hi, her grandma didnt believe in germs and she had 5 kids , 3 of them dead from germs...
Take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. Erica Jong
i havent seen it because im afraid to see how it makes iowans look.. Heard its good though
it's kind of fun being on the other side of getting a site to crash because of too much traffic... sorry winnebago county...
Yesterday wasn't my day, but I'm thankful to have today to complain about it... :-)
bye bye Bangkok and Hello Paris (home sweet home)
I'm soo good with advice ! I swear I'm like Dr. Phil sometimes !
All this knowledge is giving me a raging brainer!
ALERT! Tickets On Sale Now For T-REP's Super 16 Birthday Bash Weekend; June 9th & 10th! SPACE IS LIMITED! Get your tickets early! R/T
I'll help if I can too.
yah. I wonder who these visitors are. What works for one museum may not work for all
There're great careers at Shift managers near me even make above minimum wage! Still below 4-person poverty, but...
bf is running late for our date. Because he was STUNG BY A SCORPION. Now that I know he's okay, I find that totally badass.
Everybody I fuck with is in a relationship except Donald lol
Will be attending the #AustinPHP User Group Feb 9. Will either of you be there and ? I am in town the 8-10th
The biggest originator of home loans is based on the West Coast, while the biggest mortgage servicer is based on the East Coast
I can most likely help you with that. You can contact me @ and let me know the quantities you need.
I think #replace1Dsongswithfreedom is my favorite trend ever. Good job !
RT : I don't feel like packing for my 4-day weekend trip
me too. All of this moving and the rainy weather has dampened our lunch dates
i have follow u..so ull gimme 600 other followers??
I know!! The film is rather expensive but one day I'll buy a pack! Haha
RT : Hating The Doors & the Grateful Dead is so easy. Go out on a limb & hate something new. You might be first at something.
N.County Lunch Food Truck Gathering today 11-2. 4 -Trucks+Farmers Market. I-15
Thanks Dy-no-mite!
In the game of life it's a good idea to have a few early losses,
half way thru the day scraps realized we did this all last year. r we gonna have 2 do earth day every year? must pace myself.
HTML 5 and CSS 3 are making web designers become software engineers. via
I spoke on women's econ empowerment @ 5th Annl Intrntl Womens Entrepreneurial Challenge conf hosted by at MetLife today
So the dirty work tour is over, sadly, but that means you have pictures with pat right??! send them to ! (:
Does anyone know of a wedding going on this weekend? If so- let me know ASAP. Thanks friends.
I like when strangers follow me on makes me feel special :)
oooohhh pwettyyy!! Are those for me???
just heard Jordan say great job on the replays! And kudos to the whole crew and the ageless one steve Graham
Bubb took me to taco bell(:
Lost Dog Tallulah - $100 Reward Tallulah the Miniature Pinscher is lost in West Adams, CA.
Dont be caught dead this summer without the latest fashion, style yourself up at city gear with all the new trends especially for the summer
as long as i'm invited to the wedding i really can't hate ha
We had fun bumpin and groovin to you guys last night. Let's do a gig swap this spring between TN and GA!
I'm not a developer. Not sure where our ideas got crossed, haha! I'm a poet and a freelance writer - tech, websites, etc.
Robbie always talks about how you haven't asked for it back and how comfy it is. Haha
Back from #eatmobile and ready for late night! We open back up at 11pm and will be slingin' the goods until 3am.
Back in a little bit for the second half of our #FF and some more Babes of MMA!
Yayyyyyyy happy hour!!
there will prob. be a porno about this.
So glad we are working together!
Hey! I just saw your videos on YouTube and I think you have an amazing voice...
umm CORN!!!!!( I hope ur talking about vegetables) and Ur favorite veg?
ok :) is that English the subject or English the language?
Headed to Geneva, Switzerland tomorrow for a week.
Periphery is such an awesome band
follow back
#NP Arnej - They Need Us (Original Mix)
Ailes is an ass!
Well, they were REALLY nice windows.
Hello Morning Birds. It's Free Coffee Friday! If you haven't tried our 100% Colombian Medium Roasted Blend, I suggest you get going....
Tisk tisk tisk DeMaio...unethical and incorrect editing of Wikipedia content on your page by your office staff...
Support woman for Amtrak thought I said my jello was about five feet tall. Had to explain what cello is, which was harder than I expected.
It is very unfortunate that I am up this early. Screw you College of Business. Screw You. -_-
- Just Left From Chilling With MY Bf Friends ! I Love Those Guys .. Especially .. that Boy Is Crazi !
A man soon learns how little he knows when a child begins to ask questions.
hot boy at dyouville?! WHERE!
ah ya know :p same old same old :/
I'm getting awesome looks in Target right now. Be excited, But don't try to grill She's been sworn to secrecy.
there are like a million del rio's in NY
RT : Stacia Tauscher~ We worry about what a child will be tomorrow yet we forget that he is someone today.
corndogs are the most underrated foods on the planet. Those and deviled eggs.
you did AMAZING tonight. You are so talented!! Great tribute to a great Man. Lionel Ritchie
Bout to hop on Street Fighter x Tekken
We have a new promo going on Lunatikclothing.com. Free shipping thru March 31st!! Code: freeship. Check it out. Plus, new tee contest coming
Baer...Biggest issue is remediation and developmental education.
“: im being a dominatrix for Halloween though !!” I thought u were supposed to dress up...lol
Hello Scott, we would like to offer you a free environmental screening report code. Given that you work with CRE :).
S/O WUZ GOOD BRO!!
Need workers compensation insurance for you PEO? Visit www.risktransferinc.com
I saw it as I was sending it smh
Stage 4 lymphoma! Stay strong buddy tall get this trending and send your prayers to a 14 year old wrestler with dreams as well
Showing up with a cold or allergies for an audition with a kissing scene means faking the kiss ... or landing away from the mouth.
"All trauma Stories"...my Google news feed...hm....click or not to click?
i am so confused in what u just said
I love #Los Angeles so much I wanna make out with it
Q: What is the missing link between the bass and the ape?A: The baritone.
Good night Tweethearts! It's been a long and productive day. Keeping people georgeous is hard work, but I love it! Get your beauty sleep ;-)
My dog doesn't like A Day To Remember. I put it on loud and she put her ears back and started crying.................
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
steelers would be dumb to get hightower
How Many Roads Must A Man Walk Down Before He Admits Hes lost?
Grades dropped when Laramie implemented their online proctoring process/system.
Need me to drop some fresh beats?
el boogie homie. Ya just ell
did she give your name personally?
Thoughts and prayers with Chardon High School in Ohio. Just awful.
Every time I hear the man speak, I am reminded of how much I hate the fact that I am from the state that once elected Rick Santorum
your brooklitism is showing
RIP Steve Jobs.
“You're your problem and you're also your solution." Bridesmaids - Megan (Melissa McCarthy)
Damn this my 10,000th tweet :)) im comin up in the world lol
Foursquare users: keep a lookout for upcoming discounts when you check into Los Equipales Restaurant
@ kiroxa_levesque very good! so happy baby!:) miss all my friends:/ but so yeah! im be happy!:)
I can't wait for the show tonight!!! Should be interesting hanging out with David tonight. \m/(^,^)\m/
collins confuses me
many thanks for your support of independent music !
Comfort your hearts, and stablish you in every good word and work. 2 Thessalonians 2:17 Christian rehab offers hope
Oh shit he bout to shoot you
Goodnight amazing peeps
na they don't cause they don't want to see them in the finals
Shout out to for coming thru to Detroit and killin the show like he was right at home! #DETxCHI Midwest Connect!
But I also have like no tolerance when I'm sleepy
hahahahh F U BRO
god damnit, why cant i live in LA
i was wearing a red shirt..with white ou hat
You go glen coco!
Craving good weather, lawn chair and some sangria.
Drummed with 26 second graders this morning. They left realizing they are all artists.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Daizu - Japanese term for dried soybeans
#youwassexyuntil you clipped your toenail, and it hit me in the face
Piña Coladas to celebrate Friday and my 2nd day of Vacation! 😝
of course!
Play a show at wantahg mulchays we go on at 10 come on down for a drink.
That's awesome news!
We got a new vacuum (a dyson) that has fascinated enough to volunteer to do all the vacuuming from here on out.
lol! Happy National High Five Day, #DC!
If the cup is only half full, I suggest buying a smaller bra.
What a concept.
I think I broke my penis. Too much hand to gland combat.
I would die if I don't :'( lol
Successful day thrifting & farmer's marketing w. Great purchases Meish! cc:
thanks girl I'm glad you liked it! =)
Who is playing some ball this weekend? I know I am!
Glad to know there is something called the "Dock Ellis Perforated Head Society" in this world.
i seem like a bother
cute! It will grow back quick!
Thank you dear, how sweet of you
S/O to Brittney Griner for representing my old high school (Nimitz). Baylor stepped up against a nice defensive game plan.
Let's Go #HEAT !
Driving downtown ppl act like they can't get hit
Just like the opera! RT : Thinking about having running subtitles for all my DJ sets
thanks for the RT ~ Designers are my favorite people bcs creativity and intelligence, design is intelligence made visible
Have a fabulous Day dahhhlings <3
Bummed that the Yotes lost but still an amazing experience playing at the game, thanks to all the people that came by to check us out!
Thanks! In Hershey though. It's going to be warm but drizzling.
Hey Wendy I love your show so much I sent you a free sample of my moisturizing candle (Mia Joy Candles). ENJOY!!!!!
that's funny
Next upcoming adoption event for Almost Home is FEBRUARY 26 at PET ME PLEASE in Normal HEIGHTS (San Diego, CA)
Sometimes it learns to love
swagswag i think im jerry rice swag #BASEDGOD!! hahahahah
Some lady just walked on the court mid game.
About to go runnin w/ gotta keep my stamina :D
We Support Chris Brown Obviously! I love you baby!
Italian Ice = My Favorite.
Nick Bruel is giving a shutout to teachers @
oh darling sorry should have reply early!can't to night have fun next time next time!
bad puns in my head is what I do best!
Just discovered the ex-wife of an ex-boyfriend started a rumor in the 90's that I died of HIV. Kinda love it!
By the way ... "if only her delivery" is a laugh-out-loud great piece of writing.
Soo me && my lil one had just a great 4th of July! Fireworks over the Lakee is So Beautiful. <3 Now its time for bath time then bedtime.
Had octopus today. Not a fan.
I'm here! Back row... It's short seats in here. :)
It is very hard to work on a long-term project with students whom you don't/didn't teach. Sometimes null researcher effect is no good thing
When you have no words, why not stop and be silent? There's beauty in the quiet. God often speaks in a whisper.
We earn our sleep!
Phillip and Colton:)
Happy New Year, New Mexico! 2012 could be the start of something wonderful. :)
I'm in...but not for the home budget nosebleed I gave last month
Come on Philly..It shouldnt be that hard to score against the DeadSkins...they did let the Rams beat them...
Keep meaning to read that book...
right doe people hating on them smh
Good leaders hire the impressive: GREAT leaders hire the inspired!
I'm not perfect, but I promise I'm worth it...
I don't attend church to get recharged; I attend church to discharge praise to the Lord because I'm over flowing with love and gratitude.
I love Teavana's Youthberry tea .. it's tasty.
Every guy has been talking about this game on my TL! Talk about something else plzzzzz!
Voter 212 at Precinct 29 in Mecklenburg. 125 absentee/early votes already in the house.
" is now following you on Twitter!" So proud of myself right now
"Neal came highly recommended from a family member for the purchase of my new (used) vehicle. I let him know what my specifications were...
What's going on in the Autzen lot?
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks.
Glad i can tweet via texting now. Makes my life so much easier.
I don't want the whole world- the sun and moon and all their light
Continued employment is sufficient consideration for a non-compete in CO.
another audition...
FINALLY #CelebrityApprentice time.
Boot camp this morning was great! Is everybody this evening going to bring it so that we can match the great energy from the morning?
I thought that coined the term #FOMO, from which he frequently suffers, although it turns out has it on lock.
Hey , save me some time and just have consloe.log, cnosole.log, and console.log all do the same thing, please?
Black beans are full of magnesium-helps to relax your muscles.
ok then wat was the fuckin point in even tweetn me... Bye Mf'r
the #UES misses you as well
LOL. Kim Kardashian got pelted with flour on the red carpet!
hop up in my space ship, leave earth MF I'm gone
Make Your Small Business Influencer Nominations Now! Nominations for the second annual Small Business Influencer awards are now being acc
welcome to Kc Poe ready to do big things this season!
Oh, nice! I'll be visiting my friend in SD, so I'll have to ask her more about that.
S/O to the honeys getting money playing niggas like dummies
back to Indy today. Mac Miller tomorrow night.
what a wonderful view you have :)
lol, it's better to be honest
Tracy Manning, Housing Bureau director, refers to Sara in video. HB committed to reducing disparities w/partners & other bureaus.
Building a Net Zero House "Concept Z" - Through energy savings the owner will end up getting a free house!
Kellin Quinn AND Danny Worsnop on the new Memphis May Fire album?! I might just cream in my little girl panties!
God Bless the weekend, finally getting back in the studio this weekend!
Y do black ppl always gota make a scene ? Like clam the hell down.....smh
Phil u hung n there 4ever w few chps where most give up. Shows ur character. Evr find out if ur NL rvr bet-fld vs Lamb correct?
Hey #hyperlib & #transtech students..CONGRATS! And hugs from Portland, Maine!
Hey who can i follow to get TONS of followers??? HELP PLEASE!
wait you're a dipshit slut??? Hahahahaha sweet
Constantly remind others that you are the smartest person in the room and you won't be.
Great! so happy to hear this, & I do know how wonderful it is to get back to a workout, post injury. yay :)
We are so glad Mark was able to help. We are always interested in feedback & strive to ensure our customers are taken care of.
To those who wish to silence us for our questions... #WeWillNotBeSilent #WeWillNotStop #WeWillBeVictorious and
At micheals !!! Bout to get chicken parm!!!!!
#HappyBirthdayKurtCobain and #HappyBirthdayRihanna -- their music couldn't be more different.
"There's thieves among us painting the walls with all kinds of lies..." ::she & him::thieves::
working today on green projects, adventure travel, and music and really looking forward to music session with Chris Decato tomorrow night.
I want to go to costa rica so bad doe
RT : I just need you now.
One of my hardest finals: done. And I actually think I may have aced it.
I WANNA BE LOVED BY YOÜ !! :3
hahah. I randomly hopped on your myspace. <3333333 the song. I <3333333333333 Se7en. x.x;;
I wish my love life was as cute as the ones on tumblr
OH: You've seen my "goin out" boots... you ain't seen my COWBOY boots!
Who's excited for All You Can Eat Wings tonight? M...wings...
plays tonight at 10pm exactly. Free show. Come out and vote them to Bonnaroo!
Everything tastes better with butter.
Respect the grind.
If your children are up running up and down the damn stairs you're failing as a parent
i been waiting for a tweet forever now !
Today in 1989, The Look (Roxette) was a hit.
lol! Thanks man!!
If you want my main. DM me.
Bacc to where i started!!! And for once its a good thing!
U Can Have It Your Way Your Tha Customer
TGIFridays at Miller Park Stadium for lunch!
Only I would confuse the stop "bank for emBANKment and get on the wrong tube, even though I knew it was wrong! Tales of the
happy birthday madi! hope you have an awesome year! god bless u. :) keep smiling!
My business is actually legal.
Ever since I started listening to Im richer, got more girls my piece grew an inch AND im focussed man!
Wright is the guy hiding behind his wife telling her to stop holding him back. It's a show! He's afraid of KRod retribution!
Thanks a lot! :) I'm glad you like it. Feel free to tell your friends haha
oh! I Wouldn't have lived in a hotel If I could have moved my home this Way.
#1 Most Hated Job - IT Director? Open to comments...I think most of my friends/clients might not agree. What do you think?
I need a runner's high right now!
Make a wish
we about too get back in the gym real soon....when y'all take eoct
How could I steal from a person I get money with? I guess I been stealing from her then.
Did some networking and promotion 2 nite and things are looking good for the summer
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Summer weather in Portland: leisurely enjoy quality art and eats in the Pearl District this weekend, and include Gallery 114!
"Even though your love 4 me isn't sincere, mine is 4 U my Dear. Happy Birthday Raven-Symone."
There was an old lady behind me in the starbucks drive thru blasting some techno Shes badass(:
Why didnt anyone tell me had high life pounders for 2 bucks?
Terrific! Try #boulderhomerepair and #boulder instead! Check our Wiki for instructions!
YAY! i'm interning there right now. we are putting on a festival called Culture Shock at Purchase in NY!
"Being gay is natural - hating gay is a lifestyle choice." John Fugelsang on CNNRT via
We love us some Pat Burrell!
Boy, I tell you, the religious sector ain't looking too bright these days. This is just sad.
follow me on instragram
I just need to know you care
You bet. Fond memories from our early days in radio in Boston.
I'm leaving for skiing tomorrow morning, taking a 5 hour drive to the dells. Not too sure if I'll snowboarding just because my ankle hurts.
cant wait!
I KNO WHERE U LIVE!!!!!! I'LL COME TO UR CRIB N PUT FINGER PRINTS ON UR WALLS!!!!!
The truly free and enlightened individual doesn�t require or seek approval in order to be be themselves
mine too! does this mean were related?
Don't ruin today by worrying about yesterdays problems.<3
The "US" version of the Guardian online drives me nuts; I don't seek out the Guardian to read about American football!
Thanks ... glad you're enjoying it!!
Aw shit, soo much stuff to do. :'/
Nice to meet you Kg, this is MM. Bawhahahahahaha
*Slings a frosty brew* Take one of my beers and let's slog out of this together! Sensing tomorrow will be awesome!
We hope to direct you to many a wonderful happy hour! B sure to use the app 4 early mornin eats and late night treats as well!
i would if i new what a #ff was cuz i'm new to this twitter stuff
How do we create difficult conversations at IEP meetings?.
“: Thanks this is a good way to spend my saturday night. I'm really into flat tops.” lol...is hoops good tho?
Mecca,Columbia,walker wear,Wu tang gear, Maurice Malone, Timbo's with the camouflage hats #1997 gear
Ibaka's block of Jason Terry in the 2nd quarter is totally a #SCtop10 nominee. Should've been NBA Defensive Player of the Year.
Cheers buddy, I'm like a fine wine which just improves with age.
San Francisco was awesome. Hope to see you soon buddy. California road trip part 2: Yosemite. Going rogue with nature for a few days.
Toe is purple and still painful. Taped it up but walking hurts. At least this happened over break so I can take it easy.
hahahahha I did not start this one...i may have started Kristen's in my early arson years of a mere 2nd grade...
FUN FACT: March is National Nutrition Month. Eat right! Stay Healthy!
strawberry milkshake and fries animal style is where it's at!!;)
So ready for the RTF show tonight. I got a great seat. Anybody else going?
Sorry just saw this reply -- the TiqIQ tweets are automatically sent by their company. I didn't even notice!!
love it
I can't believe Huff isn't starting.
Coke's Polar Bears are THE WORST. Completely uninteresting and a brand asset of the past. They are less annoying GEICO Cavemen
Learn Chinese for the day: 肚子 [dùzǐ] stomach
Man lol I texted yo old number and this man cussed me out :/
#dh2010 Thanks to all who came to Specimen Case/Garden! I was sorry about the no wi-fi. Would have liked the feedback from Twitter.
give ya $20 if you can get one of them to make and hold up a sign targeting ME! (photo evidence required!!)
attended a networking event on Wednesday: HR Whine and Dine. Met some very nice people.
Glad you had a good time!!!
Started a new class today. Currently we are learning how to use blackboard...
that explains a lot..
where and when is that unsigned JUCO showcase? I have some guys that need to come.
we'll call this bitter person Julie. Julie is so bitter that she's been spreading crap about the new person before she even started.
#mortgagenews What ’s Ahead For Mortgage Rates This Week : October 31, 2011 Mortgage markets moved across a wide range last we
sailing w the cap'n again!
soo many mixed feelings that it's screwing up my sleep;
QoD: Being a #mnwild fan, it's easy "This year". It works for every season!
WE LOVE YOU <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABBIIEEEEE (((: I LOVE YOU MORE THAN YOU COULD EVER KNOW. ps- I hope you loved al your gifts! <3
cool thanks for reminding me OOPS
My most awesome girlfriend just got tickets to coachella 2013!!
Wait: And why doesn't he have Bugs Bunny?
Whoever said work isn't worth it has never felt the joy of success.
This women have gone crazy
Checking on u Bossman! We need 2 catch up! We're doing a creative discussion wit Bert frm The Bert Show next Thur u shld come
Enjoyed polanski's carnage. Great characters and amazing dialogue. Was left wanting for more at the end.
At the SMILE, HON: WASTE release party: SARAH JANE MILLER marvels at "the places you'll poo"...
Congrats also to honorable mentions ...
if i were a vampire, i'd sparkle just enough to lower your guard, then i'd FUCK YOU UP! Beware, !
I have to pee so bad now ;)) #toolazy.. and I think I woke my gram up by squealing really loudly every time I replayed Harry's thrust('x
I imagine "You're all trash!" is followed by three quick snaps!
I gotta lotta work to do. Which is more exciting than daunting when you're doing it for yourself.
So many good movies on right now!
I'm telling you Bill Hall was a great pickup for the O's. Veteran with versatility. With all these injuries he's gonna be crucial.
HEY You actually SUCK. Apparently my card was COMPROMISED and they didn't even tell me!!! Canceling my account ASAP.
Reports of THUNDERSNOW in far west end of Richmond!! Very rare event for anywhere in the country
I'm studying but it's obviously not going well...specially cause the book is closed. LOL
Been missing out on sleep. Too nice outside. But tired. So tired.
hans is so photogenic!
Spent the morning preparing my Limited Edition Sketchbook for the next stage. Working with printed book pages for an interesting effect.
NyQuil time then night night 😰
Our prayers go to the people who had encountered tragedies in Indianapolis, Indiana at the Indiana State Fair tonight.
YEAAhhhhhh buddy! This is the year to get it done
To all you judgmental ppl... you don't know my life PERIOD
Let me check...but we try to really keep the site up to date
Any word on why our Sunday game ended? I just got a phone call that said </Hoops> No explanation or anything.
My only complaint about SNL is that they need to be more original. Good job you made me laugh.
Just had a conversation with very talented girl from Dubai one of the most talented singers I've heard and that was just Over an app
Starting round 11!
I work out with my fiancée. Really motivating!
So today was my last day of school, such a bittersweet feeling right now.
going to games stop with my mom today
- if I ever have kids, we're watching adventure shows like Duck Tales and Phineas and Ferb.
Lost laptop plug. If I wrote a self-help book, it would be titled "How To Ruin Your Life Without Even Trying: 7 Easy Steps."
No teachers hear today.....Students are all out of order...
I was having Blair Witch Project flash backs, but it is starting to look a bit better now. Thanks!
Omg you heard it , I missed it! :(
Dear students, don't send me a #LinkedIn request with no context. If we've never met, at least tell me why you want to connect.
I Feel Like A Loser -__- I Just Now Started Usingg My Twitter . Lolololololol
Sign on church lawn: "Google can't satisfy every search."
when are you coming back??? Miss u
I thought you were going to make a video of yourself opening all the mail you've received from your fans?
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be. – Robert Collier
You should leave the gym feeling invigorated rather than obliterated. MindFirstFitness
Janet Jackson skinny as hell. Y'all seen the commercial
Oh ya btw waZ up peeps
Bulls in 5, Evan Turner is a jag-off
lol it was online
"Ideas are like pizza dough, made to be tossed around." - Anna Quindlen
Worked hard all day and finally finished
why not you can go with youe friends
My thoughts and prayers go out to all in Japan.
Blessed @ Sat night worship w/both sons & families, "God & Satan both vote for u, u cast deciding vote."
It's a fun read;-) -RT- "Leisure reading," says the bartender at of his 34-page spirits list. Let the games begin.
"Threedom" is on NYC Jazz Record BEST OF 2011 list (streets after Xmas).
Ditto here. RT : If Andy Warhol had a twitter...I would follow him.
What a storm O.O
couldn't stop by for 5 min! :(
Happy 200ths birthday, Charles Dickens; my daughter's reading Bleak House...think I'll join her; lots to learn from the master
primary witness to pentagon hit was none other than jeff gannon's boss, I forget his name. #coincidenceNr03629. 9/11
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER FIFTEEN CENTS,WHAT HAPPEN TO THE DOLLAR
Did you send in your vote by mail Application? Only 13 days left to request Vote-by-mail dealine May 29th.
Welcome to the Radiant family!
Everybody is mad about the hesitation with FB today. I think a lot of money was lost because humans could not keep up with trades.
Tell yah the truth I'm sick of being single
Having fun having fun is #love. Keep spreading it!
im seriously trying...its like sometimes i love her but then i dont!..im so weird..Lol
yeahh I know. Anyways, congrats on all your track accomplishments! That's awesome! Keep it up. See ya buddy
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 28
Great boat and great slip too! I want one!
That's Crazy! I Don't Normally Be Single For Christmas & New Years. Oh Well. Lmao. Guess It's Still Doing Me Time. Aha!
hey im in your bio, that's cuttee (;
Guess what? We are also on FB. Come join the fun there facebook.com/CottonwoodMall
I really like your Twitter avatar!
I feel like I got hit by the #schmedia bus. Need a vacation! Did see latest Harry Potter last night, though. Stayed awake throughout!
You ruined my night.
itz not raining then its drizzling
lololol. Remind me?
Hi. My day isn't complete without a grande bold..or two. Kitchen stacked with your k-cups & via. A follow-back would be awesome.
my boss just offered to pay my cell phone if I switched to Verizon.. so.. should I stick with the iphone or should I get something else?
You don't need a parachute to skydive. You need a parachute to skydive twice.
not sure man, we don't have anything in the works yet. just writing away. almost finished!
Whatever you do, just realize the consequences behind it.
thanks for the follow Debbie look forward tho hearing your music!
you kno what I take that back my ass ain't got a/c in my car
ur awesome on #guycode & #ijustwantmypantsback hope to interview you in the near future.
I'd hate to think what incognito mode does then... RT : Every time you clear your cookies an angel (investor) dies.
#positive #pennstate RT : All proceeds from "A Memorial For Joe" DVD sales to benefit Special Olympics Pennsylvania
Absolutely brilliant. Thanks. M
What would make this rainy day even better? Half price apps @ Parish of course! 5:30-6:30 pm. Joe’s Bacon and Beets anyone? Yumm
I know! I didn't watch this season to be depressed..It's a dancing show! Less crying, more Donald.
Ok lol #FridayNightHeat RT : My TL is full of people who want some sexual healing o.O * throws holy water *
RT : You all should really be watching 'Private Practice'. It's a good one! ===>>That's what a DVR is for!
Thanks Jodi. Appreciate the kinds words and RT. Have a fantastic day!
I'm going nuts. But it's good to miss something, then get it back. New appreciation.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake has joined us on site for the Women Build!
Quiet Storm kinda night
The butterflies are all over my garden... could it be? Is spring FINALLY come to DC?
Agreed you and ur lady quilter r way cool!
want to see something funny go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there
it's true!
Makeup on the cast of Glee!!!! Singing Stevie Nicks in our chairs!!! Love it.
"Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition." - Jacques Barzun
Good moring, what are you doing today ? :)
RT another thing to add to my list of Egyptians being 1st “: The Egyptians were the first to begin baking bread around 2600 B.C.”
yay, My cheek doesn't hurt that bad anymore, and I can put makeup over my bruise! :D
WORLDS\m/
Mergggg why won't you notice me???
so what happened with the groundhog? are we in store for warm weather... it already feels like it...
Just watched Sex and The City two and it was hilarious! Haha I love
Lol I believe u :) Bro
ima be n a bad mood today..
well I'm gonna try 2 go 2 bed. Night (:
Um. What about ME RT : Is it bad I'm mostly excited about living in Atlanta this summer because I'll be close to Taco Mac again?
Follow my cousin tria_lovinliyah she will f/b
Oh, pshaw. You do not.
Hi Bob.// Hello!
Great News! Announcing the group BLUE MAGIC, will be performing for our Annual event, May 1st!!!!!
I was craving pizza from pizza hut and when I hate it.... It didn't taste what I expected... Lol
Indeed it is so. 16 x 26 Starclassic in Red Sparkle Fade. Also a 9 x 12 and (soon) a 16 x 16. Bonham much?
hill repeats make me tired
keep up the amazing work. #FrozenPlanet is a masterpiece!
That "Hellie Pad" theme music rocks
shut up about prom jk
when I see you I'm gonna go make you talk to random people again hahaha
Just fine! Started working out again and power lifting, next time we see each other I'll bring the carpet. LOL! How is N.Y.?
Teacher Librarians are VITAL in helping teachers and students learn and use technology.
When tries to pump the crowd up, he almost always points at us in 411.
Mr Perry, one question and only one: why does the Jesus Baby hate you?
WOW...... ...Jessica Sanchez sounds AMAZING!!!!
Thank you.
Hey u definitely are Mr.VIP VEGAS. Visiting Vegas hit RW up, he's truly the best with people an knows everyone!
Keep your friends close and your enemies fat.
What is this fraggin' migraine teaching me now?
Coffee. Cream and Splenda please. Thanks.
#morning. Reading your tweets :-P
Thanks for the mention! We have a mutual friend -- Julie Shoerke!
. I may have to do that. Care if I bring the Jiminator? :)
Maybe we can meet up halfway sometime.
since 1940 your team hs won one Cup, let's not get crazy here
Dallas just got one and I have been dying to try it!
Spending the day resting, editing photos, and watching indie/foreign films.
What a PERFECT day for a rally on the mall
Just asked my mom if she can take me to new York to see Austin. She said to tell her when and she would talk to my dad fiwjsbrhqhzjs<333
We missed u at the fray show last night bud!!!! Gotta get up to Nashville and have a Jane sess, me u and Bmack!
omg!! You've grown since we've last talked!!!!!!! Has it really been 97 days???? :)
": Franchise-tying 32nd win tonight! Yes. We. Did. #MoreWorkToDo" We go for the record #33 on Friday night at 7:30pm!!
is so #Smexxiiye Lml ;) well he is
I HATE SLEEPING ALONE.!!! I GUESS IT GOTA BE LIKE THT SOMETIMES!
I'm glad that you choose me to be your promoter I will do everything I can to make your time in Vegas remember able thank you
we might attack Gertrude tomorrow.
You know what's a shame..when you sit down and your theighs squish out to twice their size!! : ))
I'm living on another level. One day I'm up in Heaven and the next I'm with the Devil.
wasn't it awesome?!
Lunch with Ma
AVENGERS WAS FRICKIN FANTASTIC!!! THANK YOU HOLLYWOOD!!!
Getting ready to hit the road.
In order to remember the set of standards that others wanted me to live my life by... I wrote them down in chalk on the sidewalk... FMHY <3
Yes you should come to tonight! We've got BORIS on the decks!
hahahah it did !! Lol i kid. I kid.
I'm just not really into it tonight. Too much bad #Royals karma and a less than enthusiastic training event at work.
Happy birthday God bless!!
So. This whole second episode of The Walking Dead is boring. Hell On Wheels looks good though.
Success is a true character builder, failure is a true character revealer. ~
The whale special is on again this morning! It's so crazy beautiful- work can wait a little longer... Ahh no it'll be on again later...
Well on our way to making SD a deeper shade of blue with our endorsements of & Lightner.
Thanks Barbara you too!
enjoyed the #HealthITJam chat. Looking forward to the next one when I'll hopefully be on my laptop!
do you wanna text? Lol
Hopefully today goes fast
We still have a chance to get his John Hancock! RT : Uh oh. Gardner had a setback last night. Headed for MRI again.
And Alexis loves me more than Amanda.
#Eating right is the Key to A Good Healthy Life
Israel and United States wants to Attack Iran and Syria because not because of Nuclear Energy because of the Oil and Controlling the Region
We now offer a package of 3 Brazilian Blowouts for $500!!! That is an incredible savings!
the way it's looking right now idk whats going to happen
Just heard Emmanuel Jal speak. Former child soldier. Hip hop artist. Poet. Activist. Genius. Walking alarm clock - we gotta wake up.
I wish the sun didn't damage skin so much...I love me some vitamin d!
I know. Crazy how that worked out.
its too late for me lol RT : If u intend on becoming wise don't let ur tongue get more usage than ur brain
watta bout wit me
Last final: crash an event I was not invited to and write a page about it. Any suggestions??
yeah after taking all that he wins of course
Great finds today!! :)
Nap felt too bomb
I'm glad you ACTUALLY did ig gives people hope you know in a certain way
I was hoping to see a sexy Gambit....
You can always put a smile on my face no matter what.
Ok Teague....your shot limit is up for the 1st half. Drive and dish.
Thats was upRT : WONDER TWEET POWERS ACTIVATE!!!
Just had awsome sushi with Tracy, Amanda, and Preston its been a great day :D
Hey chicago fans! Check your email, sent out the meet and greet emails.
Thanks for the feedback and thanks for using ARC!
I'm there, is Yami attending via skype?
can I ask what is faded
1 girl told me she luv to let her pussy breath a lot lbvs
UO professor and author Lauren Kessler will lead a one-day workshop on "Narrative Journalism" May 8 in Portland. turnbullcenter.uoregon.edu
I'm sick of data considered as a plural word. "The data are..." sounds funny and when talk about data, we are talking about datasets anyway.
Reading a passage from the satanic bible before eating.
Blue Olives at the Capital Brewery tonight, 6pm!
Ha! yeahh right.
McCain: "We've got to restore the economy with... the economy."
CAMS looks like round 2 might start... break of .0006 is key IMO
Cmon Jerry Hairston! We used to be friends! Be nice!
You think I should wear a V neck?
I know she really is, that's why I consider myself lucky to have her :p
Heading into competition for Mrs. United States tomorrow and I'm READY!!! Let's do this Nevada!
Put your head on the chopping block- stick to your commitment by telling everyone your goals and deadlines. -Bedros Keuilian
Follow Me Please!? 57
Finally back at school -_- i havent been here in like 2 weeks, blahh, too early as well -.-
No doubt we in your corner.
Head out to a Mustangs game!
has his mind on his money and a puppy on his feet, the first is elusive but the latter is sweet.
You could always come hear me sing on April 28th! ;)
"No students is engaged if they are sitting raising their hand during independent work time" Randy Sprick #
Rain streams off the roof, Dripping, tapping, and rapping, Splashing my window.
Old style hippies follow one way. New evolved Hippies are burners. :-)
agreed, and i'll get a FuelBand when it tracks run data. Nike is smart giving Fuelbands to big names like and
Man....I'm ready to lock myself a padded room and crank out this
Had a few auditions this week at the larger audition facilities and they were deserted. Spooky.
I'm just going to wallow in my sickness. I hate the mucus in my throat, worst taste ever! 😖
good news. Thanks for your patience. See you in Houston!
You're sick in the head.
get better!
Now I get it through the univ. but used to have BC/BS - and it worked out the same no matter what premium/deductible comb.
Country strong<3
Good shabbas, baby. RT Sang my first #synagogue gig ever tonight and kind of liked it.
Oh, you're not like other girls? Please, say more things other girls say.
I'm so hungry :(
;) ok good, hope you're having a wonderful day jennifer!
oh yeah and knee high socks with short booty shorts!!! heck yeah
No no no no :( Why must i be getting sick right now!? :(
wish you you were too. Next time.
sounds pretty cool, im downloading some of their music ASAP lol
having your best friend be your date. >
RT : Third time. This shuttle is the biggest attention whore. "Look at me, I'm riding on a plane!"
it seems its stirring up a lot of controversy!
The mad hatter is mad y'all.
then isn't that good?
chile, i know. i have all kinds of filters for other things. it's not worth it for one day. lol.
lol no I don't want to watch it I see it enough on my TL .
WHAT THE HELL
Happy birthday ma :) #LOVERBOI RT : Happy Birthday To Mee
"Proper Preparations Prevents Poor Performance." that's what Ace always tell me. B-).
“After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person.”
I was kinda pumped when you RT'd me on Friday! Does that make me a dork? :-)
": Thxs 4 all the love SA FANS" Glad you're coming to the Spurs, T.J.! Back home to Texas
You can't cross the sea by merely standing and staring at the water. ~Rabindranath Tagore
NJoying dinner@ Pigskin Club Awards Dinner- DC Youth Rock!
Thymoquinone is proving to be a total game changer for everything from inflammatory disorders to cancer & I FUCKING LOVE THESE NEW SHOES!
I am thinking that new song "Funny the Way It Is" might possibly be up in their top 5 best, maybe top 3.
Watching The Ring (horror movie, not opera cycle). How did I miss this creepfest and its nifty glowy green filter?
I CANT ERASE MY TWITTER JUST ERASE THE THE BOOZE SHARE THAT POWER JUST NOT THAT MONEY I DONT NEED DON COMMITTEE
Happy hour? Thursday? Dang! I'm in DC all week.
Louisville Cardinals to the Elite Eight! You all keep saying we can't, and we just keep shocking y'all!
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
Strawberry fields forever
Summer is slow, w/ the occasional flurry of dozens of summer camp kids at once. A great time to drop in for an inadvertantly private tour.
RT : Hilarious that so many "lost in translation" misunderstandings seem to be between the Americans and the Brits!
excuses hahahah kidding
thank u!!
Rape that "FOLLOW" button and follow me! I need 100+
Check out JJ Grey and Mofro's song Ybor City!
OBAMA's GSA and SECRET SERVICE jobs are MOST DESIRED among men aged 13 through 85 : )
congrats on your win last night. Did they do a review of your play at second? Pretty certain you were Safe!
First good corner...
i need to practice my sax...
LoL! Welp on that note, morning Bevy!!
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet The Ratchet List
me either i think this amber girl is jus trying to get noticed by alex
Merry Christmas everyone!
all printed out
god is fantastic.
Good work by the Trib. It is absolutely correct. It's a great city not only to start out by to reinvent yourself.
Driving behind a Mustang on the way to work. Interesting turn signal. I had no idea that Cylons were really among us.
putting this Shuggie Otis sample to work.
Alright.. I'm out.. Good night.. :)
-_- never want this day to reoccur again.
Played any good competitive games of butt darts lately?
and now I'm obsessed with Game of Thrones.
Well that sucked so u cry and u get tens damn
I am celebrating the fact that I don't have any kids going to school in Clayton County! What a Soap Opera!
Hoes think "STD" means, suck that dick .
I mean ive never been the one to hate on anybody like that, there is no reason to.
Welcome !!! Could not be happier tonight!!!
can we watch bruno sometime in the near future?
Thanks, Kelvin!
i would've gotten you the shack for first meal back, lt
I would still sleep all the time though! Ugh. SLEEP IS WONDERFUL, SYDNEY.
just noticed you ARE #N1 on keek, so proud!<3
SH*T I'm so f*cking mad right now!!!!!!,
I use to follow everyone i know but now im unfollowing all the odd people.
#nowreading + #obsessed w/ "Art of Engagement: Visual Politics in California and Beyond" by Peter Selz. Great flow + just packed w/ artists.
I am so awkward! The box office tenant tells me to enjoy my movie....I say "thanks, you too!"
Hi stranger. Don't worry even if I go that weekend, I'll come back!
Her hair down & im down her phone off so DONT DIAL
Thanks for sharing! great photo! :)
On the road to Sheltonia!!
still doing homework since I got home. U should do it for me
I make the TiVo noises for FF and RW every single time.
can't wait to see you in head to toe cortnal gear!!!
My vacation is officially over and my weekend was super fun!!! Had a great time with
Louisville/Indiana fans: no one will ever investigate your recruits. NCAA only investigates top players.
for lunch to cure those
Hate when I get a great idea for a book to write & then google & find others have already done it. Hmm...
that i look gross? Lol
What's sad is he don't see what he's doing to me and he don't care I'm done and leavein forever
You turned your back on tomorrow, because you forgot yesterday.
rewriting a social compact reflecting our highest aspirations has been done before, and can be done again. Diana Aviv
RT : RT : RT : So many hard choices at #heartcamp - I want to hear everyone!
behind 4MRW.....its never been done before Lololol
Love your style! RT Thanks for the follow!
I disagree sorry!! ": Shut up! You're the only delusional here!!! “
Son was out of sorts, needed day at home. Would have 2 say we did nothing 4 mom's day, but still wonderful day w/ son and hubs.
Cinco de mayo just made my list of things that can go get fucked.
FORECLOSURES ARE DOWN IN THIS COUNTRY. NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY REAL ESTATE AT THE LOWEST PRICE. NEXT YEAR, PRICES WILL BE UP BY 30 PERCENT
Thank you!
my brothers! I've been so out of touch! Happy Thursday to you both. #makemiracleshappen today!
Packers trade up! This is crazy!!! Last time Green Bay traded up to NE? became a packer...
it's agitating >_<
"Hard working insomniac with hiking addiction meets goth vegetarian living under a punk rock. " - Me
#Bones Fans ...Tune in. Booth son "Parker" is on Tonights episode of CSI Miami!!
I like it, it's good. It's missing... Something. Boobs. Throw some boobs in there. - HBO
#TheReasoniWillSucceed is because I don't care what other people think or say
Lookin at my baby sleepin like a baby.
yea i took that into consideration then looked at his stats an said im guarantees 30+ homers who would u have picked #1?
The Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva on March 21st 2012! Let's GO!
on NBC Lice Miami in 1 hour!
ALERT: Fonts HD will launch its very first font auction on eBay beginning this evening at 8 pm EST. Auction will run for 5 days.
shut up coon
The lady at the ticket booth said "what time would you like it?" In a sexy voice & I hella started laughing xD
Come On People Lets Trend It! #PrayForNorway!!!
I miss my girl. I really do.. It feels like I'm falling apart not being around her.. But ima make sure she gets an I love you everyday..
Got checked out today. #UnderTheWeather :(
Thank you One Direction and for accompanying me at work
So, no French 3 for me this year. Can't fit it in :/
Cream Lounge Tonight! Get Wired Industry Priced Drinks! EVERY1 FREE ALLNITE! TEXT 602.561.9649 for Bottles!!
when r u going to know for sure
I know a lot of people are upset that Sherri Shepherd got voted off but I am glad b/c she got "extra help" ahead of time. Karma.
S/O to everyone who joined the at on Friday! This weekend introduces !
I thought that was vague enough to not be spoilery!
Looking for property management companies to network with in Houston, Katy, Sugar Land, and Kingwood.
revenge! so addicting
Now it's time for "Young Adult" 👍
Changes by 2Pac
Congrats to Massa & the UNO Mavs on the shutout. A little late on my part... damn internship!
Tell Golic that Shrek called and wants his face back.
Ah, mention of renters, but renters implied to not care about community or crime in comparison with homeowners.
So where are all these blind shut-ins to whom everyone on Facebook is excitedly describing the northeast weather today?
Me as well!
haha it would :)
You brought this upon yourself... Should have never brought the buckeyes into it
I used to not have a problem with my mom until lately, idk if one of us has changed, but as I care less she cares more.
Every other knowledge is harmful to him who does not have knowledge of goodness. - Michel de Montaigne
RT : Girls have the stupidest conversations. No wonder guys zone out when we're talking
need a friend right now. but i feel like they wouldnt understand me at all.
I'll pass that along to him. Thanks!
LOL! It's for
dailykos up to their usual high level work w/fakeBobEhrilch twitter account. I smell fear. Maybe the interns shouldn't handle the tweets
Just saw a turtle on the side of the road... Scared me to death..
It's gonna be first come first serve on this first run. We'll send out notices!
P.s. I left my purple ballpoint pen on the stage. If your group goes up next could you please get it?
Why do people follow you and then unfollow you a few days later if you haven't followed back? Is a stupid number THAT important to you?
Hello summer
Overheard while playing "Honey if you love me, you'll smile": "You're thinking about dead babies, aren't you?"
Ok sorry
SO excited for dinner tonight at CityGrit! It will be my first taste of cooking from , heard nothing but great things!
RT Is Onlive Pirating Windows and Will It Cost Them?: An anonymous reader writes "When Onlive, the network gaming c......
Someone tell malyah im on fya she should work tonight!
Thanks for the follow, GhouL H. CLoWnie! I love clowns and love drums... we'll get along fine.
there is free parking! you should see signage hopefully - this is sponsored by
Vikings have a bad case of "fumble-itis!" Seems to be incurable!
You should learn to take a joke as easily as you take a dick, you whore
is THE man!!
you could rock Pocahontas, I'd buy it.
Mad props to the waitress who kept a totally straight face waiting on 2 crazy kids in snuggies.
: At the president's opening session on archaeology in the media...what kind of information goes into a #SAA77 press pack, I wonder?
we'll put up a video :)
Weird feeling to walk down the street in a strange city and run into people you know.
Rather spend it all while I breath in it and that #OVOXO is all the fuck we believe in.
Groupon a Gift Certificate? If so, they (and maybe their clients) could be violating expiration date laws
What's your involvement with this book? Are there pictures inside?
I'm flattered...would love too!
Does austin really have a gf?
Join us tonight at 8:30 for Rob "the Wild Boar" Moore!
caleb is walking around with my phone saying, "hello, anna, yes, anna". lol.
Thank you for supporting and helping raise awareness about the #coworking revolution!
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
I'll play you
just because i think about you dosent mean i want you back.
“: What u walk away from determines what u walk in2 #dontsettle”
thanks for mentioning my post.best Ilona
sorry dude..
Thank you!
Really though, where do the girls dressed in nothing draw the line with their costume choices tonight?
These people are significantly weirder than I originally perceived.
RT : So I'm super excited about meeting some of the team at this summer!
yea it dose lol
like that idea!!!!
Lmao Funny shit I need a dose of fuck it
Fuck I just ran out of beer, Time to make an LIQ run.
TO THE CLOUD!!!
that number sounds arbitrary and not true.
I was glad to meet you, and sorry I didn't get to brag of my own long-distant background curating a special collection!
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES! WERE ONE BIG FAMILY AND NO ONE WILL EVER CHANGE THAT! We love you!!<3 (:
Who wouldn't want to lower monthly expenses? This is just one of the many benefits of Volly. AMS 505-899-3104
RT : You Play Ball Like A Giiirrrrl!! -Ham Porter #TheSandlot b there 2morrow it's finna b a good night!
Even on days when we can't do a full workout, we do something. Today, we did 1 super-set of push-ups, dips, and planks, 3x15ea. Felt great!
Your answer wants to switch focus&does not put down the facts we presented you with about solar energy.
Took a late lunch so I could catch some of the season opener of #redsox vs tigers. 15 mins in get a hair on fire email from a client. Sigh.
:: WI Appeals Court rules voter ID law will not be used for 6/5 recall election. Details on
Congrats on the big win!
how cute!
Maybe a nice roundup of selling your used iPad or iPhone on Gazelle or Nextworth.
lol, seems more appropriate.
The producers hope your not smarter than the characters on their shows, so dummy up
you are killing Randy with the Lion King song he is laughing his ...... off lol
oh. glorious moment when your tears have healing powers too.
Looking forward to doing Jessica's O's Christmas Party this weekend.This party will be a blast!
Thanks for the shoutout, Dan!
Yeah? I would love that so so much!!
If I mind my business I'd hope you'd have enough respect to mind yours too.
What are you trying to watch on a bootleg??
Thank you so much. Made my day!
-__-omg,slap me
#Libra where MB will take you on your birthday: a FUN museum
As Robin in
I love breakfast for dinner : )
So happy with my rescue dog can't wait to shower her with love!!
Looking for commercial & residential property managers looking to outsource insurance and risk management services.
Thanks to the great volunteers from and Genworth Financial yesterday at 's
You like that college?
stop saying "most controversial". How about: contentious, dubious, questionable or ridiculous ending ever
Dinner with friends, breakfast with ex. Gym before 7a.m. Life sure looks different on the other side of sober.
This about says it all for me today! I'm so grateful for the love I have found hereThanks tweeple TEDxSF - Louie Schwartzberg - Gratitude:
Have u finished your Xmas shopping? If u need gift ideas get 's book PUSH! Im lovin it my be my fav book ever.
Yeah let's keep supporting a douche bag celebrity! Way to go mike vick maybe next you'll buy your way out of a DUI or hit and run with a kid
looks like the ballot is as kind to you as it was in 2006 :)
check out the spy museum.. very cool! Have fun!
I always make sure it is! Haha #feelingcocky RT : - I got the feeling this is going to get interesting!
My point was I find it odd to try so hard to disprove something unless there was doubt to start with.
Good thinking, Zoe. I'll keep it a secret.
I've always wanted to go in like a huge field and scream at the top of my lungs
Keep in mind the desperate attempt to keep the experiment going. The word "domestic" and "pet" gets attention.
haha sounds appealing, but I'm stuck on a set. And can't have wine until Sunday. But thanks!
way overpaid. Low motor. Takes too many plays off.
In your profile picture you look exactly like the Happy Mask Salesman from Majora's Mask
Monday's got you down? Check out the happy-hour deals Sullivan's Steakhouse - Chicago!
One more week. And its a smoke ouutt
I'm not a boy and at least know your facts!
Rajon Rondo has taken Steve Nash's delayed-pass from the lane to the next level.
However, that is completely unrelated to the stadium deal, but at the same time makes a deal look more impressive.
That's hilarious, and no I absolutely sensed the opposite! That's why our conversation was so refreshing.
Every1 who thinks that Ryan dunns death was fake is extremely stupid. Unfortunately he's dead. Best of wishes to his family. R.I.P Ryan Dunn
Decide whether including a recipe for cherry limeade pie on my blog is appropriate since I haven't written on food since last year.
Sweet!...Have to try one...but gonna skip the run...will leave that for you!
2-1 #Chelsea win over Man U. Just like that it's their #epl title to lose. 5 games left and they have a 2 pt lead over Man U
I don't know about Portland ME, or about them trying for MLB. Portland Oregon tried to get the Expos and was one of three finalists
I am going to work tomorrow!
I warned you!!! has left the building at least for a moment until her face is back to normal color ;)
Was fun! Go w/ a big group & try lots of different things. some plates better than others. Might be only dim sum place in WI.
Hungry? Jimmy John's is fresh, fast and tasty! So don't wait any longer... go and pick up one of their gourmet sandwiches today!
that tweet is only allowed if its ironic and sadly it's not.
I NEED AL MY FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT
Even at 25 huffing helium never gets old. Probably bad for
I know :( So sorry we let you down on the way home!
Do you have mad skills?
Challenge is a dragon with a gift in its mouth…Tame the dragon and the gift is yours. Noela Evans
Hit her. You could take
and are very fun! Am honored to be tweeting next to them!
please say a prayer for me. love to u n ur family. i am sick. will never forget bsb in st. louis
93% of individual donors would give money again if they were asked by a nonprofit that thanked them promptly & in a personal way.
I checked them out they straight Lil brah
ST Voyager On Netflix The Killing Game Part 2
ok thank you !
I'm so annoyed. Like always
how many more season till we find out who "your mother" is?
im applying for jobs
Poor paula. That's truly sad.
and loving it!
They don't make couples like that anymore. A old man madly in love with his wife. Still opens the door and takes her coat for her..
Yes! I just told that it was like game 162!
Happy Holidays to all of our FaceBook family...............
"Check out my new face lift(website)! www.loofahsoapsncreations Does it say cheeky?...me???
you took it from me cuhs .
kinda creepy.
hey there. Any chance of a weather forecastfor Saturday in West Lafayette Indiana for Purdue game ?
they are super tall thin dudes!!!
biology overload
Red Cross Heroes Luncheon today was more than Inspiring!
#10thingsaboutme; #8. i have a dog that i love more than anything in the world, shes turning 13 years old, shes older than me:(
Sprint CEO to take pay cut as iPhone costs pinch (Siddharth Cavale/Reuters)
You can come and vacation at my house. We have cats.
Day Two of is off to an excellent start. 10 iPad apps for inclusive ed was awesome.
New in Reference Universe: Encyclopedia of Immigration and Migration in the American West from Sage Reference Online
I focus on the positive, the rest will work itself out.
Don't be a "have not". Look at what you have and work with it. You will be able to go after your goals a lot easier. (daryldorsey.com)
Turned on Frozen Planet...now I really have no reason to cuss at the TV. I guess I had a reason or 2 earlier...we'll get the cup next year
It's scooter weather again!
everyone has a secret that not even your bestfriend knows.
Y'all remember our episode w/ of fourfour? He's blogging ANTM again! He's tweeting about it right now!
Class + broken laptop = the worst
Shout out to everybody for a ff
Ah... Fun weekend! Thank you Caitlin, your hat is fab! Can't wait to see my ladies tonight!
Don't understand the whole "stop while you're ahead" thing. If I'm ahead, why would I stop?
Are you tired of your boyfriend/girlfirend cheating on you? Are you wondering why you are here on earth? Well then follow
..i love it when the wind blows and makes the trees wave hello...... #deep, lmbo
how did you find me? lol (:
Do you know who I am? I'm JEFF GOODMAN! RT: : Went to pick up credential, was told I wasn't on list-for Ohio high school hoops.
don't forget to trade pokemons with the security guard
Trust in the LORD with all your heart&lean not on your own understanding;in all your ways acknowledge him,&he will make your paths straight.
very disappointed that all the work I did yesterday in omnigraffle seems to be gone
Happy Mothers Day (:
Love Tea Party Express emails. Textbook how to disempower. Today's subject? RECALL UPDATE: We lost control of the Senate as Senator resigns
Hey ! When are you announcing the T-Swift look-a-like contest winner?
I just read his tweet on Bono and I was magnetized to follow. Thanks for the recommendation LMAO
Blazers down 29-60 in the 3rd quarter to the Knicks? Just blow it up. I like Nate McMillian, but his time might be up.
Bad loss for ur Bucks bro ...
we literally JUST walked in! :) RT : yea you do!! Awesome be safe and make sure you hit up wet willies
women seeking lust they believed in love you shouldnt start a chapter if you cant read the trust
Why do I always get the best ideas for new items when I have a million other things to do?
#Pamela&Chase. I miss them!!
Happy Birthday Hope Its A Great One!
how im bein stupid???
I’ve been a walking heartache I’ve made a mess of me the person that I’ve been lately ain’t who I wanna be
My Google Calendar for the next 2.5 weeks is enshambled. :(
have a great fundraiser tonight!
Always && Forever <3
": Hey look! Brittney Sager has morphed into this morning on #WAKEUP We're talking storms this AM."
Good Luck bestfriend (: kick some butt and your going to do great! Run like the wind bullseye!!<3
« You broke my heart.. You made me feel pain»
thanks for the gTalk tip - just had a family videochat w/ grampa, daughter, & Buttons
haha yeah definitely don't want another parking ticket or to bump into a car again :]
Love it! Couldn't agree more. RT : Change happens when persistence outlasts resistance.
Ready for this fever to break... :( 3 days!!!
Awl my followers, go follow ! She has ah-mayzing YouTube videos!
Lmmfaooooooooo WHY do they keep interviewing METTA WORLD CLUCK
I'm really not a fan of this season, so I may have a biased opinion, but I only think 2 or 3 S3 eps stand up to S1/S2
Where I'm from we don't talk about we gotta be about it. If you're talking about it, you're just bragging. - Brad Pitt
#imagine Austin:Ever since i met you nobody is else is worth thinking bout,*yourname* i love you You:i love u to*kisses you gently* -anna
would you expect any less???
Happy Wednesday. If you happen to have any plastic bags, our Shops can use them. This is a great way to recycle, and help the Cultural Ce...
random biblical conversations with strangers in goodwill >
Wah still no voice :(
#VoteRNG ALL NIGHT BABY!
Great conversation, smart people. Thanks for letting us play along. RT : Brainstorming our next two-year program theme!
yes indeed!
Whale Wars tonight!!
great song
My bottom teeth are crooked... Uhooohh
“: I hate it when the guy I like is talking to another girl. I don't know why, I just do :\” 😔
How gonna flirt on sum hella freaky ish den turn round n say wow u jus nasty -_- I said same thing u did except u gotta pussy
you got it!!!
Toaster strudels need more icing
- Thanks for the follow, Felicia.
Had a great time reminiscing about student affairs and talking IT at NASPATech #. Good luck everyone. let us know how EDUCAUSE cans help.
que chistoso! Translate that
Tragic irony that it is great evening for run along lake in Chi but can't b/c busted knee slipping on ice on bike on Greenway just week ago.
N now 1st shift late.....grrrrrrrr.
Go for it Al. What's the event? Ride safe!
That's the coolest shit 50 did in a while
When Ovechkin is with a woman, does he protect himself with a condom or a headbutt?
I got mad floors pace and a blow up bed for ya! Lol
Pleasure was mine - Thank YOU!
I go to parties sometimes until 4. It's hard to leave when you can't find the door cuz they shut all the lights off
My mentions r dead,nobody seems to tweet me like they used to :(
Recruiting for a Junior Internal Audit Specialist in Denver, CO. This role will be responsible for supporting the internal audit function …
you'd be the best boyfriend ever just like justin , you'r all any girl would EVER want, your so sweet (: follow me maybe <3
If being a bitch is what it takes to make my point clear then I guess thats what ill have to be
“: The track meet tonight was fun(:” only cause you saw me run sexily ;) #TrackSucksTho!
I saw this and thought, "he's lost another phone?"
Social media 101: Don't over-measure what is only a small percentage of your communications mix!
wow, my dad would turn on the house alarm, and motion detectors while im still here -__-
looks like we'll need to look out to next week or after I'm back from travel. Is lunch on the 5th open?
nice! Sounds like a perfect night!
I can relate to the lack of sleep. It makes for a long day :(. Hope your day goes well otherwise :)
Oh btw tonight perform at international pop overthrow.
Right now I'm just thinkin things through...
At the beach (8
ok Will do
Aw thank you!
I have no fucking clue. Came to bed instead 😁
It's official, Sound of Silent Film is moving to a weekend! Fri, April 1 and Sat April 2. Film lineup to be announced soon
Somethings better done in person than VIA Facebook...
Cool Facebook trick: If you hit your browser's BACK button really really fast a bunch of times in a row, you'll end up on Myspace.
I do post :smugfavre:
If grace is an ocean, we're all sinking....
Gimme a break Timbers fans, you're making yourselves sound stupid.
too soon still, add up the others besides Hunstman
Great day!!!! Now swimming and drinking with the wedding party :)))!!! Fun fun!!
Where oh where is ?
i think that's what you get, audience shift. it tries to emulate ted talks, but rarely duplicates the interest.
Wtf is today....make lena mad day?!...
my computer is not able to save the form to inter to be a model for your makeup line. is there another way to participate?
#Hawaii has offered Maryland 2014 safety Kobie Walker, joining the #Badgers and #NCState. Talk about a fun official visit (minus the flight)
a nap sounds pretty good right about now
no...preciate you!
home and power?
Asking a question should not take 5 minutes.
So theres a dead cat in the street and i decided to look at it and i looked at the head and the eyes were open still.. Ewwwww
Whew. And tied series 3-3. Game 7. Again. I land 7:10 Saturday night, out afterwards. I am thinking I need to revise my plans now... #Caps!
hey hot stuff, I'm enjoying you very much at the moment
im just a boy that a woman could make a man of
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! Ive been waitin my whole life 4 u 2 follow me & it wuld mean da world if u did!!  #NSN ILY very much 
Best TV ever!
Going through your yearbook and saying "ew" when you see the pictures of people you hate>>>
No, wait--crew decides to stay and fight. Monster attacks Cinder...Cinder is killed.
