Me, too. Regret not getting to see 'em. Been listening to a whole lot of Dead lately as I work on projects. Still holds up.
Health Benefits of Apple for Skin - Health & Fitness - Lifestyle: Apple has lot of health benefits for skin. It deeply nourishes it w...
I think a music video is in need for "Scheiße" after we saw debut that killer choreography at
what things do you most want to know about the craft and business of acting?
favors fiscal policies that favor rich & corporations while attacking Hard Working Americans
I fix bugs at red lights.
Yeah bro, we have to make alot of changes.
Freshman shouldn't be allowed to go to prom
yes it is..lol!!
i want a bagel this morning and by god i am going to get one x
Well, you've got until this Saturday to get your act together, Aubri!
come cruisin w/ me
Those weren't fouls?
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what'
it's anniversary & I happened to pick items with a stamp on the back! Total surprise. It was a last minute pick
lmaoo so I had a dream that you lived in a MANSION in Ireland and you were a famous dancer haay
Jay Friedman of #AudibleMagic says: TVs will get smarter and provide a deeper user experiance.
hahaha hey you know how you watch movies in history ? Well I do to and todays is on greece my favoritee <3 :D
Apparently, though water bottles sold at recent fundraiser smelled funny, they were high density polyethylene. (aka good)
hahahaha. remember that Attestation of Virtue for staff Myrla got with ICBM? Yeah. I still have it. It's transferrable.
yes, MLK & Wright
OMG HOLLABACK GIRL JUST CAME ON PANDORA i did a routine for this when i was on Jr Luvabulls hahahhahah
GM Beautiful People!Have a positive,productive day! Dream BIG all your wishes and things you want can come true! #20days until I see him :-)
thanks for the reply and encouragement. I am still not clear about what the "it" is. I need help! Lol
This is my Spotify quandary. Downloaded, but haven't used it yet.
#InOurGeneration More kids are having kids leading to more fucked up, idiotic, generations to come.
my name is in the owner settings of the phone.
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
A poet?
im craving sumthing to eat but idk.......
Cuomo says last week "the government worked." it passed bills - reference to flurry of activity and all night sessions that led to deals
Which browser gets font-face right? Chrome/Safari. Which browser gets it the most wrong? Opera.
American Credit Acceptance is the worst finance company EVER!
haven't watched it too closely! Don't like either team! Go Bucks!
As he sails through a day, in and out of weeks, over a year and in to the infinite, where the wild things are - RIP Maurice Sendak
scheduling, booking flights, car rentals, hotels, events - all over the place! thankful 4 a busy & blessed ministry 2 work for! :)
I wish I didn't have to work! I would so be there
Thank you. Email sent.
yeah it really sucks. And yeah it would i can't wait for warped next year! is going to be so much fun!!
miss you too bruh! How's sleeping makes been treating you?
43mil? is that for rhode island?
Change my name Raven lol.
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop...
I will be at The Cove with and tonight. Geneva on the Lake. 9pm.
Based on my experience you were likely disappointed.
I can't find your tournament schedule anywhere. Anything going on tonight?
Ice cream with my family <3
You Can Call Me, Is Your Prom This Weekend Or Was It Last Weekend ?
sucks to be u and I was vulnerable lol
Evan turner had 16 points and 10 rebounds
hahaha great picture
Very excited to be attending #TEDxNashville this Saturday.
In NY and the Yankees could do it tonight! I am going to run out onto 6th and burn a cab or roll a police car if they win.
That series is not over by a longshot. The Flyers can never be counted out.
#OneThingILove French Fries!!!!!!
I'll be in like 6 of them, so there's a good chance. :)
Alright it's #MochaMonday - and it's sunny! What more can GH ask for on a Monday morning?
let me know what you mean and I can help
1 Day closer 2 a successful art show! Thank You Jesus
Darko will be taking some time off in the near future. Will have everyone posted.
thank you so much! We are honored to b n !
Can't wait to meet you in person! RT : I can't believe Thanks guys & I hope to see the whole team in Birmingham for the race
oh shit my bad, you mean 7 WHOLE SONGS? Wow what a rapper been puttin in that work, you're right has nothin on you
finally figured out tumblr!!
Listening to Jen Foster talk about twittering but not too much. Chillin at Indiegrrl
manic monday
$INIX is the #pennystock to watch today
RT RT Someone needs to have a cookout, I'm craving BBQ :p
RT : Everyone wish luck today. BIG grand opening!
Council passes 3 ordinances related to lakefront development. Sets the stage for projects & mayor's plans.
Remembering all the break ups I've been through so rough just hearing or reading the words "I love you but..." ugh
Lets go
Waukesha County now added to dense fog advisory until 10am. Vis=.5mi right now
#HBCUvsPWI with and #ColorMeBlack with #AlphaPhi is TONIGHT! Join us.
Old school Taking Back Sunday is hard to beat.
foo fighters' rope video... missed the mark
I'm kinda thinking Denver is unexplainably blessed.
Just what I (the world) need (s)... "Monday Night Raw" switching to a 3-hour format beginning July 23.
You got. Problem with your life..? You should have a problem with the people You've allowed To be IN your life..
when you have two twitter accounts and one interestingly as hell bar, gems in 140 characters and less are made.
I hope you just heard the UPS shoutout from Chris Rock
Have audition this morning for TV commercial, have no idea what the product is. Wish me luck! :)
I think so too, actually. It was nice
I always get myself in a mess!
im in Section GA.. Row GA2.. seats 194-196.. where are you?!
go follow my bestfriend for a flirty dm from me! so, tweet me 'aye' when you did so i know! :) ♥
don't mess with my patriots. At least my team is in the super bowl!!! Stinker!
Help!!! needs you! DMme your number!!!
I completely lost every reason to go into Hollywood on Saturday... wanted to go to the Pinot tasting at K & L
"Set your goals high, and don't stop until you get there." - Bo Jackson
An empty bowl needs to be filled and a full bowl needs to be emptied
Gig Woof out to !
just need to shower and stuff lol
ticketmaster, i bought them during the presale
Good morning, folks.
Soo since my phone 's bout to die, I guess it's time to sleep! Night my lovelies, see you in the morning!😘
I didn't want to go to the same place every day and see the same people and do the same job
EPA DEP and other state regulartory agencies have research 1000s of complaints. Never one confirmed case anywhere.
JUST FOUND OUT MISTLETOE IS #1 ON ITUNES!!!!!!!!!! OMFG!!!! <33333
So fresh and so clean
lol, sorry! I have such a sore spot when it comes to #Duke. It gets ugly sometimes. I know, I've got to
WE WILL BE FAMOUS! ;) RT : I think we're using for the first time tomorrow. It might be vlogged. :)
Nice, we need you to counteract Jersey Ranger fans #SMH RT : Might be Pro Jersey in the ECF
Now I'm rather glad I decided to fly out tomorrow for
Pass me another Guinness! On the double.
my neighbors are weird
A total waste!
Season's Tweetings: Even hard core Christmas carolers aren’t sure what “wassailing” is.
line up came out on my bday and I couldn't be happier.
Free Your Game
Arrest Governor Walker, this is a coup d'état
Plaza Classic Film Festival - The World's Largest Classic Film Festival via
Ha, it's usually me RT : Yeah, I'm still shocked they did that People get overly rookie crazy this time of year
fuck both of y'all!
Thanksgiving with the fam
HE'S AMAZING <3
": I think I've finally fallen in love.... With John stamos" tyler she is sleeping on the couch tonight
Present company makes me want to stay
The boundary lines have fallen for me in pleasant places; surely I have a delightful inheritance. Psalm 16:6
Is it me ? Or is twitter 2 hrs behind logging tweets?
#whodat pride Always!
One question: Will you ever tweet?
One more business trip (today its New York City) then it's home for the holidays and focus on family.
How are the "little" projects coming along? (cont…
“Songwriting is a muscle. If you continue to work it, it becomes more of a part of you.” –Jason Derulo, interviewed in MC November 2011.
Hey Man props to the Raiders...Denarius is gonna be a pimp!
you can totally be my plus one
So, the very first was a hit. Thank you to everyone who helped. More thanks forthcoming.
Heading to Revenue Rockstar event. CMO Phil Dolan to highlight some great lead gen results we've achieved together.
Check out this video!
you're so smart!
Lol i no rite
oh yeah right. i forgot.... he bailed on his other cutouts to go play with other cutouts and still not win anything
I think Jesus Christ was a philosopher backed by a huge bank.That, or a great comic book still in circulation thanks to a publishing giant.
"Get Shopko's official royal engagement ring" it'll be embarrassing when all the engaged girls at the trailerpark have matching blue rings.
Cold weather blah #iwant summer again "/
thank God you're in this class otherwise I would leave!
Go Jersey Boy Mr Bruce The Boss. And how great is Patty?
“There are only2 ways2 live your life.One is as though nothing is a miracle.D other is as though everything is a miracle.” - Albert Einstein
Going to see terrence blanchard at 8pm blues alley show on 7/29 (join me!!) & it makes me want to ask, what's your favorite spike lee movie?
im proud
DO NOT LIKE! I missed part of the show - sending prayers to the HSS family. :(
i love it acctually
Great!!! I love big studio romance comedies. That's one genre they always seemed to get right. You got a title?
Mad props to for his come up keep it up homie
What did you think of the Josh H situation?
yes they have gotten long
We loved it!!! Spreading the word now!!
Had a good morning
thanks for the kind words! We really appreciate it.
Don't forget! Extended hours and DOUBLE REBATES this Thursday on qualifying products. Details: 1.800.382.1099.
C Bolton: Another police car vandalized at 14th & Franklin,sprayed w/ some kind of accelerant
Ill be looking out for ya ;-) RT I will be down there June 15th for sure.
My pleasure. Hope to see you on Broadway!
Spending one more afternoon on KISS FM! Enjoying another beautiful day! :)
WI needs more money 4 financial aid-- the WHEG runs out every year. Just found some: $25 million in the WTG. Stop funding privates.
#replacebandsnameswithboobs jonas boobs
Apparently, department chairing duties include dismantling paper shredders.
The Week in Celeb Twitpics (PHOTOS) Out with the old, and in the with the new! With 2012 just around the corner, many celebs took it to T
Watching the avengers
All Y'all! : Y'all > You guys
I never smoked before. and i never will.
THEM CATS CAN'T RAP.
sure thing :D
read it so far(: it's in my favs.
Ohioans reject Koch; Maine is poised to reject another line of Koch as well. 2012 not shaping up well for radical right.
“ Nothing comes in between us..so you can never seperate me from your love”
i going with the pats! :) The giants are good but the pats are better!
yay :) your at dads house this weekend and moms next right ?
i feel the same way, so true. before we know it, summer is just gonna pass us by.
the strawberry pepper jam sounds good. Where could I buy some?
thank you!!! “: Great work on behind but catching up on episodes!”
Forget sincerity. What about his rabid and unrepentant homophobia?
could you please follow ?? I'm getting really tired and i'm about to go to bed. So could you follow me and make me happy ??
Indonesia is Waiting For 1D
'If I Never Wake Again' has helped me get through so much shit this past week. thank you so much!<3
#InsideIndianaBusiness this week Mayor Larry Haag will be answering some partisan critics concerning
Is anyone else thinking... Russell Branyan?
lol no! *changes subject* do u know a guy named Alphacat?
WORK AT HOME TIP: Get some exercise! It will help you focus and make you feel better.
Bout to get in my crunches for today. This boost my stamina.
So before I left this morning for work my girl attacked me and kissed me all over my face #greatmorning :)
Best wishes! I hope everything goes well for you!
ive officially purchased my tickets for the monster truck rally and cirque du soleil
Be sure to stop by the rugby o-fest table!
Apparently there is something going on with an Abby downtown.
sweetie pies here in STL!
it is not spelled unst....
An the last time the Redskins were even in contention for a Super Bowl was??? My point exactly. NY GIANTS Defending CHAMPS!
We just put the finishing touches on a major piece for our IAAPA booth. This is the biggest booth we've ever had for the show!
Lou's tweets ;3
It takes great courage to make decisions toward change for a better future. I commend the President for making his call for progress.
Moms has been my #1 since day 1
We're open early today (right now in fact) for the pub crawl, join us!
... Thank you for RTs
Thank you so much!!
RT QOTD: "Be optimistic. It feels better." ~Dalai Lama ... Yes! Hopeful to see our son out of the hospital soon!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, , :)
long but fun day. Now to work on some new tracks
Lemme start gettin ready for work
Niggas chase women, we chase dreams.
ewww... hopefully it sounds worse than it is! Tell your Red Raider friends to simmer down.
sure...and what you told... @/69day69 that you fought with my poser!
Scored free ticket's after a co-worker's wife put the kibosh on him seeing NIN. Her assessment: 'They're scarey.'
Apple or Android? Well ofc APPLE..
Follow my gifboom
heey bro!:D
HA! It's cuz I, too, procrastinate that I'm up until the wee hrs finishing work. #flexibility at least ;^)
Your a homo but I ain't complaining
u going at midnight tonight
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas A. Edison
Love my spray tann(:
The woman who took our order at breakfast was exactly like Bon Qui Qui, but meaner.
Enjoyed "Pa' Todo El Año" by Little Joe & La Familia on Pandora
So the cup is still 78% full...
and that literally translates to "water party" hahaha
Gale Herrera from OleMiss: users like to use Google Scholar as a gateway to library resources (libqual comments)
Brrr its chilly. Stuck inside today? Ready for this storm we may have? If you want a delicious hot pizza, you know who to call.
Obedience is better than Sacrifice..#Power Words
I think this might be the year LeBron finally gets that ring
Oh prom..
grinding homie Bday on sat u back in town
yes in deed! if only it was rayray!
Clearly you are in for birthday cake martinis, yes?
Ours is a world where @ is replacing ©. Attribution, not restrictions. RT
So jealous of Madison and Nick right now.omfg. Let me be you.
WoW the grey sold out super fast!! I didn't even get a chance to check out… Guess I'll have to wait until the next batch. :(
Varda related: do you think we should make a cat cake for the party? If so, how?
Me too(:“: #WhenIWas13 i already was listening to when no one else was yet”
people add stupid things to songs all the time on there
Talk to me I'm bored
The weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful, and since you've nowhere to go, come to Bimbos and eat CHORIZO!
are our final drafts for speech due tomorrow? cause we don't start presenting until thursday..
me too! can i send you my grocery list? LOL ;-)
lmaooo twitter is good but I just think tumblr is a lil better lol
Post-nap blindness.. Might just roll back over and go back to sleep.
Is it odd that i love Night time over Day time?
Don't feel too bad after tha accident yesterday. Thanks for coming to get me.
how worthy do you feel right now?
Participating in Leadership Kanawha Valley today: visiting my former unit - 130th Airlift Wing ...
haha i miss youu too! Where do you go to school?!
I just finished a 3.42 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Good luck to coach Dunaway and as they compete today in the HCAC swimming invitational. Going for even more personal bests!!
beautiful day for baseball ⚾⚾⚾⚾
Enjoy your diabetes.
No work in first period 
is like Pac-Man and all the other companies are like berries
Had a good conversation with about our differences life is to short to not get along! We are moving on!
Entrevista con Big Time Rush!!!!
We believe that Reno is one of the greatest cities in the USA'! Get out party! ;)
Spring doesn't end till June 22
Follow my bro[:
Its about time you came around .. <3
Aberdeen with Katie and Dana! :-D
Great picture!!
how can you sell such a classic? If I had 20 id buy it just because lol
aw c'mon man! I gotta have something positive to tweet about. After all, stats are for wi.... er, never mind.
hope the wedding planning is smooth sailing! have a very different kind of proposal for you...email me! hugs!
finally got a twitter
Are you a fan of Goodwill on Facebook? Make sure you pop by for our Make My Monday coupon today! 25% off your purchase all week!...
taht's awesome!
Thanks! So lucky we found it.
Lmfao watching #glee so funny
The Art Engine recommends your paints.
you should also consider contacting fresh direct I bet you'd be a hit w/them!
slkdkjgdhklsgh i am so excited for codys Coast To Coast tour!!
branchout giving me server error with a whale very similar to that of twitter. couldn't they be more original?
IGNORE the bully
we knock you out of the playoffs like its our job
Hang'in with some of my favorite ladies tonight!!
Any dinner recommendations for 3 hungry library students?
#Yotes up 3-1!!!!! Chance to wrap it up Monday night!
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!57
“LOL” is the new way of saying “I really have nothing to say”"
Why is everyone tweeting he must be online ;)
I love you.
Jason Stathom looks like he's up to his ass-kicking ways in Safe. Could be fun.
Twitterpation is a deadly disease....
you said it...V-8 could have made the difference today.
Hope everyone has a wonderful 4th of July weekend!
83 degrees in Phoenix.
I would put on a green turtle neck to hide them then smack him for giving me hickies.before I meet his parents lol :-)
Better win I wanna go to Disney
do you have dance tomorrow?
re Hazzard #Morey Does not ring a bell, but contact me through www.unyg.com and I will try to give you some ideas.
:( I get out of work at 6
How did "Somebody That I Used To Know" by Gotye gain prominence ACROSS commercial & independent radio? It's a totally OK song but not fresh.
THE JONAS BROTHERS ARE IN THE RECORDING STUDIO AGAIN AND IM SO EXCITED!!!
i hope you feel better i know what you're going through one of my friends did the samething last year if you need me i'm here
RT : "In heaven, all the interesting people are missing." - Nietzsche
watching movies and snuggling up with my teddybear ^.^
“: oh so perfect! Thank you!!! can't wait to snag some great stuff!!! #snapconf” Yay!!
Game time! Let's go ladies we can do this!
HEY! YOU! WRITE A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER. Let me rephrase: YOU'RE WRITING A COLUMN NEXT QUARTER.
I don't need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick.
So episode 4.5 will come out soon guys. And sorry, episode 5 will not be this week. BUT, next week on Sept. 20th is Jamies Elsewhere and
Today is day two of inability to comment of institutional preservation.
Analysis: Texas vs California: A tale of two budget deficits
It's Ruby Tuesday! (You'll meet her later, if you play your cards right.)
lol sure I finally figured out who u truly are...dont front
She's so beautiful, and I tell her everyday
After the doctor n Qdoba I'm going to tan! PeeWee is making me feel bad 😡😡😡
MT : Super excited for this week: major actions at corporate shareholder meetings of &
I was wonderin' who beat me to the punch.
Obamajam is great on a bike. The cops and Secret Service were very friendly.
Girls need to start looking for guys who have goals, ambitions, and an education. Cause 10yrs from now, "SWAG" isn't going to pay the bills.
go by the look on her face. she half looks like she wants a kiss and half looks like she wants you to play with the puss.
There's also sometheing to be said for having the highest first assist rate in the entire NHL
Sorry I missed your Ustream
Oh... you meant the Neely's... not Grom! I haven't been to the one in Nashville...
u may be interested to know that the creator of ScanMan is a huge Steelers fan ;). Great icon!!
Awesome photo! We love fans and !
eek that sounds terrifying, I hate spiders
Glad you get to go & that your Dad knew of it. :) I lost my mom to cancer & often think of things I wish I cld share w her.
Thrifting with my brother
happy birthday !!! hope u have a great day!!! :)
Looking for an icon to represent a web browser. Have already purchased your icons sets but can't find anything. Suggestions?
Congrats buddy! “: Can you keep up with The Flud? They raised some money and now they are hiring! Hot new S.D. company."
Just got a thank-you note from a group I recently spoke to. It included a critique. Huh.
put us in that thoooooo
For this believer, Bach is a huge highlight of Lent/Easter too!
What's the Cheapest way to add the most value to your home? It's painting of course! Let us make it bling and add some Ka ching.
i need to get rich over nite. funk work.
Mother's Day is right around the corner, drop by for the perfect gift or a little treat!
Anais Nin~ Life shrinks or expands in proportion to ones courage.
Thanks! Maybe I just thought not enough detail was shown.
Wait, someone is passing out smite keys? I want one!
You know I'm not one to break promises, I don't want to hurt you but I need to breathe
racks on racks on racks haha
Thanks to for presenting us with his balls. Nine of them.
When you wake up with your feet out of the covers and then pulling them back in
Picking out wine is like doing your taxes…sure you can do it, but why not ask a pro?!?
Fuck up outta my store dawg
good to know!
It's about to go down. Let's get it!!!
Saw a girl on campus wearing an avengers shirt.
"And I'm about to break!" ~ Chester Bennington while packing his suitcase for spring break.
Don't think I didn't think about it. Lake Forest or Grayslake locations only about an hour away.
here we go usa
that's excellent, congratulations man!
A4. I once paid a quarter in Ecuador to ride in the back of some windowless truck... totally worth the 25 cents
John legend 1st cd was so bomb !!
Mattrezzz Guys has the president himself signing autographs all weekend for presidents day...just teasing...but we do have a great sale!!!
lol i know it, but once i took his shirt and stuff off he was ready for running around in the back yard.now he wants 2go swimming
I may have gotten a bit sick from my FRIEND,but if I did,it's like FRIENDLY FIRE.
Sent in my history dept. scholarship applications today! hopefully will be proud :)
TGIF *real talk* ,,,meeting my girls for drinks to start da weekend,, check!
Have I mentioned I hate running?
Has anyone coined the term "Investigative Design"? If not, I call dibs.
Arrived at the vogue theatre to set up for the show tonight!
to who
I swear though. Everything "weird" I tell Kevin, I can tell Lauryn. She doesn't judge me for shiiittt.
When will this boy roll (all the way) over? I mean he plays the piano!
Watch this...
~ When i'm kissin' u my senses come alive ~ Miranda Cosgrove
Jeff knows Newt & Santorum are Cry-Babies about Romney they will never stop winning when Obama spends Billions against them
Don't put out, i'll put you out. Wont get out, i'll push you out.
nah I don't have a kid, but I understand the bill thing lol
Our Hair Team has been playing product BINGO....we have our first BINGO!! Congrats to Jamie on winning BINGO!!!!!
aw (for real)
RT I never showed up in her dreams,I am certain, as people we keep in our memories rarely have a place for us in theirs.-Yiyun Li
with Bain it was "Heads I win, Tails I still win"
Phone doesn't appear to be charging....
hello :D rt this if you like lady gaga :D
obviously it is important... But okay...
But Gates (after being persuaded by Warren Buffett) realized he could do more than just hoard wealth and generate rich offspring.
I need a drink. Preferably an alcoholic beverage.
Thank you for following up b/c Twitter did not give me that blue dot to tell me I had msgs, so now I have them. THANK YOU-HELPFUL
Sitting by the pool w/ the other part of the package deal....Kellyayyyy!
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit
dude do you still remember your skype?
I can't drive silly! Haha.
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it
hey bella :) long time no talk... been busy with life in general, and im horrible at writing back... how's life treating ya?
Last King
- he could start practicing his farewell speech?
that's probably,because you are gay(:
Thanks Amanda, I'll try!
Have fun In Nashvegas !!
Tonight 5-11 The Miami Food Trucks are at Hollywood Young Circle Arts Park. It's going to be a fun night. Eat
are you serious?
We want to take a moment to thank all those who have served & who continue to support our troops when no one is looking.
Cooke: we need community organizations that work, get out, work for, and LISTEN to the people
steal an gta
Ok let me know.
The English center is set up to provide support to families so they can all learn together.
It shouldn't make a difference how old Trayvon was.
#WhatDoYouWantMos I want to win season 7 of ABDC. Love y'all and wish u the best! Good luck! =]
Happy Birthday to !!!
HBOgo is the bomb--log on and see all the episodes of HBO shows.
Watching fear factor in HD and I am disturbed
tonight was super fun!!!(:
Hella horny ass people up in this bitch ! LOL
That awkward moment when u don't have a dog so your excuse is "my fish ate my homework"
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 LOVE YOU.
Bottom of the ninth, and the Nats are attempting to hang onto a one-run lead.
Having a dog sure does the heart good! I get greeted with genuine excitement!
While curling his lip and looking pissed off
thanks Bro! I appreciate it
“: #YouKnowImMad if i have blisters on my feet -__-” that's totally your fault! You left them in my car!
Haven't been on in a minuet . Back tho ;)
Thanks! RT : Love them all!!!
Once again, thanks for sending that out :)
We were both young when I first saw you
OK, , hilarious prank with your redesign that doesn't show highs and lows on 1st click.
the junebugs are out. the cat is at the window, amused. i assume is in her basement, hiding until July.
Utah here I come, you can run but you can't hide.
Sending good vibes to for his first mini marathon of 2012!
Who do you count on?
Brown eyes, I'll hold you near cause you're the only song I want to hear
Sal, you're supposed to be in my corner!
thank you (:
. pres Daniels 'Bloomberg school of public health is where we do globalization best' in 120 countries; now recognizing Frank Burch
Does Friendly Farms from Aldi count?
add me on draw something ;)
haha i forgot about that bracelet!
and congrats ya'll can't wait to meet him!
Dieting fuckin suckss.. But it will absolutley be worth it in the end!
Tomorrow, i'm going to dye my hair red. Oh, and get 16 handles with my cousin. It will all be vlogged.
Don't cry ! I wrapped your present and it's on my school bag !
awww tell her i said congrats ! and whats she naming herr?
RT : Do Not, Kids I Repeat, Do Not Live Your Life Tryna Make Your Parents/Anyone Happy. DO WHAT YOU WANT.
the undeniable right to home ownership, but medical care/insurance, not so much.
I'm about to deadass walk though.
enjoyed our reading tonight, best!
Unresolved conflict creates emotional distance, emotional distance creates strangers.
Sitting on a #hammock in the backyard and putting a press kit together. Working can be fun
RT : It's fucking cold out everywhere get u some longsleve tshirts and hoodies from
HI SMITHY
Working on think tank today. Lots of cool technologies out there.
Wow...from the guy that lives in Atlanta. RT : Phoenix, Chicago and Denver have the shortest average sex sessions at 26 minutes
yeah 'cause like we were just oovooing but had other important stuff to talk about like eggs. Dinosaur eggs.
#Scottiepippentweets I meant to say Lebron is Jordan and that make me Wade.
Live tweeting from the CDC meeting in Chicago on infant meningitis…10 Angels here in red. 120 attendees in all
she can be a real hoot.
- Lovely weather tonight:-)
Martin told me that I look very "dynamic" today.
aight bet I was in that area.....daddie duties lol I feel ya on that
Bon Bons in Belv Sqr should have it. We also deliver to tmrw. You can get pints to go from both.
Solid lineup right there! So was that Fake Emilio or the real one?
My Aunt was a strong woman. Even in the cancer that was taking her body, she chose to be positive about her life.
Well if the SB was graded based on commercials and halftime, let's just hope there is a sliding scale.
cant wait to see joe Saturday ...i miss him
yeah I didn't think the movie was out yet, but then I saw it on Netflix. I'll definitely have to watch it.
gettin my twiiter followers up there so follow me
Everyone, I have something to admit. I am .... a fan ..... of Justin Bieber :( I need some courage to come out to my family about this.
attention mixing engineers and producers, The legend himself Dave"Hard Drive"Pensado has a new weekly webcast. CHECK IT OUT!
P. Manning to Redskins on a 10 year, $450billion contract. Yes, billion.
They said Kobe was having diarrhoea. Hope none comes out when he jumps.
it tastes fucking awesome
thanks! R U still dwntwn in the AM? Looking forward to seeing you soon.
Mixed feelings about being a senior next year 😉😁😳😔😍
New Facebook coming for King Tex! Stay tuned!
James Dean.
I wish it were 5/15/12 already so that I could cast my ballot for I wanna see my ward move forward!
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen Your Hair Looks Like Some Skittles
MathWorks Announces Simulink Code Generation Targets in New Freescale Motor Control Development Toolbox
I know where you sleep...
How do you get some one to change their ways to make life better and to be true to what the original goas where? You don't...
anything special happen when you listen to "Friday" by Rebecca Black backwards?
i wish dinotopia was a real place.
You're spot on with signal vs noise. Also: new content is important, vs countless retweets of the same material
Buh yet yu don't make a effort to go class
Had to RT this. You're brilliant, friend.
Did you know that Dr. Maulana Karenga created the African-American holiday, Kwanzaa, in 1966?
which event?
Ya'll dont know the story that go on backstage....
lmao, did her mom leave dirty pads lmao
“: I think the Cavs should draft Britney Griner.”
That said, stupid Ravel String Quartet CD. Why you gotta be misfiled?
Someone familiar with the law will help get a settlement for the wronged party.
im too tired. that's going to have to happen tomorrow (but i know what I'm going to write on, whoohoo!)
Obviously Not lol
Thanks for sharing about
RT : Just once I want the guy I'm crushing on to actually crush back. Ugh I'm too impatient for love.
Yes please! Those really were the glory days with the Dream Team.
#supportlocalmusic Live now with some good songs. New ones too. Stop by
Wonderful presentation by from Don't worry - information will be available on SlideShare.
having the same phone doesn't matter anymore it's all about the case coolness modulus.
Enjoy your meeting here with the
haha! We feel the same! Oh rain..
Wondering why is too cool for #48hl?
how about a hometown acoustic show? I like the sound of that.
When an old man dies, a library burns down
Double booked for next Wednesday. ChiRunning intro clinic or LaunchUp?
we're coming over in a little bit!!!!
Looking for people who may be at Devil's Lake State Park
I FUCKING HATE LOVE BUGS!
Problems don't happen TO you, they happen FOR you....to learn and grow <3
check out Bean & Bacon Days in Augusta, Wi this weekend. Lots of activities and excellent parade on Sunday @ 1:30.
you're performing there?!
About to go to Lunch have a lot on my mind sitting here trying to get more fans on Twitter and Facebook. Hmu!
ABDC was everything tonight. Shutout to all the amazing crews....
I am great!! Thank you!!
RT : Hey guy! Lol.. What's up Jessica
pick up a copy of Flavor Magazine (Virginia), Grubby's in there!
If these crack heads start fighting its going to officially be the night from hell.
Get this last day of work done.... planning on this being an epic weekend!
Stupid insomnia & subconcious problems.
again recommends the boxed wine!
well said sir, well said
excuse excuse excuse football or hoops team in top 25 this year? Didn't think so-EMBARASSING
There's always one teacher who makes you get nervous inside.
Men's Tennis: Eagles win two doubles matches at NAC Individual Tournament to conclude season.
follow them they rock
Can't wait to see SC students for the review! (Phy 135B) Spread the word for us :) The review will be 3/31 (Sat) at 5PM!!!!
So, #suffolk2012 grads, what #suffolkthings will you miss most?
I went with an old classic for theme music today. If you thought that one was sick, be very afraid for Tues. morning ;-)
One day.
paranormal hot spot?! Eeep! Sounds fun/creepers! Now I'm totally interested.
Durlak/Weissberg: We should invest in evidence based programs that enhance social, emotional, academic development
ugh... It was so difficult. Like pulling my eyes out with nothing but a spatula. Haha just kidding. It wasn't that bad.
I feel lonely. I need to sleepp
you are too funny.
ack cliffhanger! Must see week 4!!! Good luck!
nice! Quite fond of Nerstrand Big Woods for the hardwoods too. And the spring ephemerals. Dwarf Trout Lilies ftw!
do I write my own music
your body is amazing how can I see more of it
I'm playing the computer. Does that count?
Lots to Come...
next time we see each other I want to see these Fro Yo skills! #madplaya!
Austins almost on!!!
Just experienced Beats by Dre!!! My ears are in love...
I felt a kinship with many of those responses. We all have our blocks and challenges. People think writing for a living is easy.
Third times a charm
Just don't click on the link ...
Fun fact. Gena Rowland from The Notebook and many other movies, was born in Madison, WI. Crazy.
IM SO SCRD 4 THE ALG 2/TRIG TEST UH I passed it b4 but taking it again is just ruining me Y didn't I just take Alg 2/trig this year :/
Somebody tell me why I KEEP underestimating this woman -- whew!!
I feel like the white jacket makes me look more tan. Is that weird?
Making mixes for breakfast.
I like this!
I've been reading but not blogging...how has this happened. How did it get this way?
I'm busy today though. ):
Merry Christmas to those who Celebrate and Remember the Birth of Jesus The Christ. Namaste'
How many bears could Bear Grylls grill, if Bear Grylls could grill bears?
Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it.J. Petit Senn
Oh these poor people on TLC - suffering from odd unexplained illnesses & the doctors can't help them. My heart breaks for them.
..and we do apologize, your score had not been updated. Please check again.
Looks really good! best of luck to you! really like colors!
#Milwaukee come in and discover your new favorite #FishFry spot at the New Brass Monkey 700 East Layton! Call in Orders Too!, 414-486-0484.
Nice article from on about Harper's Playground project at Arbor Lodge Park. Proud that UP students are involved!
our general manager will be there and he'd love to chat I'm sure!
In my post, there's a list of 84 bachelor ballplayers from 1964, including ancestry. I find the various "negro" designations fascinating
happy Monday! Can Steve see yet? Coffee in NoCo this week!
Today is driving me crazy
Ugly nxgga on here thinking he Mac Daddy ... Sit the fxck down and shut the fxck up
I wish he was so I can get a tweet from him
how's the movie?
Ah. Thanks for this tidbit. :)
too much gss sun
Never again will trust be an issue with us, simply because, there isn't any anymore
#AmericanAirlines no wonder you are in bankruptcy, your customer service SUCKS!
writing a song lol
Don't lose yourself in attempt to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you.
Now to watch Scott Pilgrim for the sixth time in like, three months to work on my project. It's ridiculous that it's only kinda gotten old.
love you too:)
so heteros deserve rights because they're hetero (how they were born) and you and I don't cuz of how we were?
overheard: "my hand is so sticky it is stuck in a fist"
Mahal Draws Sheamus into his 'Clutches'
Ai #Weiwei, "Liberty is about our rights to question everything."
Lol. Our river tends to be naturally greenish. ;) I'm not a big beer fan. The only 1 I like is Leroy Brown from Southern Hops
so very awesome!
MAny high school coaches ignore the movement of the offense after the ball is in the post - how many practice vs those screens?
hey tony cbujshhh
I update my twitter every 2 minutes ... I update my facebook once a week
This bitch got candy for days in h life
Thanks for the +K Greg!! Cheers!!
wonder why...
Why aren't you following and ?
Last night while we were sleeping, Jay donated $5!! Thanks Fun Friend! You're just like Santa Clause!
You actually tweeted... LOL.. Be careful bro... Take care of the family...
I will not judge you. Thousands would, but I won't.
U finna be all tatted up huh!!? lol what u get?
- is not going to RT our comments, only the fawning ones...He shoots, scores & ignores
You know you love me (;
These refurbished little boys annoys me you all gonna respect me
Fall deeper and deeper the sirens are singing your songs
it's been a long time since austin tweeted about 11:11
S/O 2 all the Beautiful Mothers🌟🌟Happy Mothers Day✨🌻🌹
"A mid-weight wine, slightly tart and not too heavy"
Many changes are going to be made this week!!
The nicest thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from
rOw RoW your ORR...
Thanks for tuning in tonight everybody!
Giuseppe so great to run into you in San Francisco hope you found as much inspiration in the city as !
Wow, this facebook shiz is crazy. Looks like people in Kenosha, WI (my hometown) aren't super techno-savvy. facebook.com/MrRyanBlue
But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends
And that's a surprise? He's a Mormon! Liberty is not exactly a bastion of Mormon scholarship.
i wish vickie was drafted to ecw,lol bo, she still on raw:-(
Man.... At what point do you sit Hosmer?
I'm gonna get a job, leave town and not tell and post a pic of me near the Eiffel tower....
If you haven't tried our Marinated Manchego cheese yet, you must! Cubes of manchego marinated in olive oil w/ herbs & spices.
It's just minutes and highways...
...getting to be very good at making signs for the nonfiction section with clip art pictures & numbers combined! 598 = Birds!
It's amazing what Black Sabbath has done.
RT : Success is just a matter of luck. Ask any failure. --Edmund Wilson
Mac --> Ronald McDonald!
loves it!
becomes 16th #MLS club w/ their own place. staying put. #DCU & #Revs? <crickets>
I'm looking for teen moms to interview, must live in #Gwinnett County. Drop me a message at
Had a great time with the family; it had been so long since I had seen them! A 5 1/2 hour drive back and I'm happy to be home.
Wow, I just retweeted On purpose.
Thanks for the love !
i dont even know who im taking to power house?(:
We're hoping to do so! We just need the dancer's & audience's continued support & it will happen!
that sign wouldn't work in the infield
My first mod shift.
You should really try to make it if you can. I think we'll be playing with the twitter gem you were learning about last time
Finished reading 3 books today & still tackled several things on to do list. Now on way to dinner w librarian friends. Happy Monday!
never giving my dog a bath again! she jumped out of the tub and i had to chase her around my whole house soaked and full of soap -__-
's race tweet gets tweeted by twitter. ": give the man some Twitter love...a definite first!! “: Fire!"
WHERE IS THE LOVE (8)
awww. So what about you
of course we are!!
I just registered for #ISTE12 #SIGMS Forum & Breakfast. So glad I got a space! Breakfast spaces getting low!
heck yeah! But only for ONE #Stupid wbu?
“: hope you feel better” Me 2! Lol 😜Awe! That's sweet Mr. Bailey!
It seems like most of the time I go to concerts, there are a disproportionate amount of short men to tall men. Makes seeing stage easier.
Wished for cancer? RT : let's get #RyanKennedy trending. 9-year-old with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
im doin homework >.<
On my way to cocoa/ Cape Canaveral / with my cous today :) let it rain God.
you know I just LOVE to OBLIGE
ALL NITE & ALL DAY!!! RT turn the fukkkk up!!!!
Thank you for the follows:
LOOK LIKE IT IS GOING TO RAIN TODAY OUT HERE IN SACRAMENTO CA.
Watching 's Ustream! I wanna buy those Earphones! So cool. :)
in middle school?? Thats so weird...but im talking about paperwork and working at the meets
Just Left 3 Storess , & The Galley Now Im At Wing Stop ! ;)
ChocoLee Chocolates is back. Re-opening thursday March 18th at 23 Dartmouth Street in Boston's South End. Come one, come all!
Its gonna be 82 degrees in #SalemOR , #KeizerOR , #PortlandOR , #PDX . Hottest Day Of The Year So Far!!
up to 10 of last 13 heads up victories... I think I should keep playing them...
How swell is it that my number one man, and the #Packers made it to Playoffs three years in a row?
Can some one tell me ir i shud have facebook because i dont know if i shud have one
On Office Hours w/ and Paraphrase TP "You can have the best strategy in world yet must get the ppl stuff right 1st"
I don't care that He Who Shall Not Be Named won't say our name.
I think I have enough...if the student workers don't raid the jar too much in the next few hours! :o)
People drive like retards
yea but my name means merry christmas in french =P
Thanks for #listing #WritingEditing /books!
kyra: you're such a dork me: and you're a pregnant goldfish kyra: no comment me: my biology teacher called me that
I was born during a tornado (for real) and I'm pretty sure I'll die during one (not so sure about that part)
my #marchwish is that you will follow
tx for the nyc reports. i plan to b down close tmw in detroit. happy to provide u updates if u want.
Good for #KrisBoyd. Good for the #Timbers. Good for the #Rangers. Good for #MLS and American
Obstacle courses available for the kids as well a variety of information & products for pet owners & lovers alike! today!
Smoking before bed..
For all the talk about getting the game under control, this first round has been one of the most brutal I can remember post-lockout.
Its okay for your swag to change around diff. Ppl but the way you treat your friends shouldn't change for the sake of u impressing someone
get your tix soon, we will SELL OUT again !! > RT : Setting up for New Years Eve. (@ Gaylord National Resort)
That would be Radical!!!
Congratulations to the newly crowned Miss Teen Nevada International 2012, Kari Anderson!
Thanks for the RT :)
Today's pick: exemplifies The #LatinaEffect. A Latina making a positive effect on our community.
RT : Yep. I like the close "just to be clear I want this job" RT : Ask for the job? Really?
a fire hazard lol
sis that's my song
Thanks Florida for being bipolar....again.
while all the mush heads are out pretending to be Mexican & filling their empty void with booze I'll be havin fun doing shit that matters😉
OMG!!! You are my two favorite people on YouTube!!!
To the person(s) that broke into my brothers house today: I'm waiting for prosecution. Then watch your back.
When I was in college our main libary had < 5 power outlets in places non-staff could go & we weren't supposed to use them
Have fun!!
So thoroughly sorry to have missed at #NITLE. Happy to be following via weirdly functional Amtrak wifi.
its awesome, I saw the trailer for new one it looks cool but not sure because actors in it
:( “: U better come down here. Beer, oysters, beef, turducken. U should take a tour! Bring & Juliet!”
don't need makeup to cover up being the way that you are is enough
Dear men, Pure Barre is for you too! Guaranteed to whip your body into prime shape, and hit those muscles you just can't get to in the gym!
I've had this problem ever since I updated to office 2011, but there was at least always a recovery file.
It's getting hott in here.
.EVERYONE!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
#Fulbrightenrichment panel starting with and
no he's not! :'( don't even go there!
but to pull one mid-game that you are scheduled to carry is different than one you didn't carry at all
It's just as fun to watch him dance as it is to watch him play!
Ignorance is going to kill society
Your CEO Tom Galante is a wonderful spokesman for the library. It's such a crime what is happening to libraries today.
New Year resolution to get involved? Send your email to support transportation planning, S, 1942. Read more...
stuck in traffic on the Jersey Turnpike
u pocket dialed me and I'm going to sleep for real now
I hate it when people just text "K"..
if our ancestors thought like you during the civil rights movement...you would probably be someone's maid/helper
Notifications about accepted and rejected session for #AHA2013 meeting are now out. Had an unprecedented # of submissions--over 500!
white girl problems
i figured :)
Wheres Troy been?
The cure is baking strawberry cupcakes. Works every time.
Damn U Sexy
I wish I could dm u.....BUT I CAN'T D: .....could u.....possibly change that?
Have a good time in Dallas :-)
You too :)
rats! I missed your reply! Great atmosphere tonight. I was in the back corner of the bar, near the pass-through
I already after eating that salad
Im going through changes ):
miss you drew! come say hi today :)
Full Moon? Lots of snippy and crabby parents at the library. For once, I'm not one of them.
Don't get mad cause yo man still call and text me more than he call and text u. Bitch get a damn life. # SMDH
but on a serious note, I just ran out of coffee. THIS is NOT okay.
thanks to you!
I'm getting a heart murmur from this... // RT I love awkwardness. Thus, I love this talk.
SOX: Hush up, #RedSox Nation. Adrian Gonzalez delivers bases-clearing double to tie score at 3-3. He is 5-for-10 (5 RBI) in series.
RT The path you take is your choice, no one else can make you do anything, it is between you & God what path you follow.
Hm we will think about it too! We love Crunchies!
is it available for all phones? I have been hearing so much about it
We're covering Warped Tour! Well, I'm not, but our girl is! Have any bands we should hit up? Any questions you want asked?
Thank you for all the well-wishes. Please stop in tonight for a last-minute, Post-Fire Thank U Happy Hour. 2 for 1 rail drinks from 5-7p.
Time for me to go and play my violin at my concert.
April is Mathematics Awareness Month! The theme for 2012 is "Mathematics, Statistics, and the Data Deluge"
": Life is very good. Very"
I'm thinkin that's it.
yes! I saw that! I'm hoping to go, however may be out of the country then. Would be a great concert! Good lookin' out ;) x
lol thank you(:
Last minute cleaning before company comes! What is on your "must-do" list if you are having someone over?
Don't come back from Hawaii without a tan! ;)
Getting through the past seasons of Mad Men, kind of wish people still got dressed up everyday. But what would we do without yoga pants!?
Portland, OR!
Yeah, yeah. We get it: The Hunger Games is the single best thing to ever happen to us as humans...
damn big hommie that movie u got 35 in tickin funny ass hell carryin around the water jug
Victor "Tito" Santana shared an Instagram photo with you
To take photographs means.... putting one's head, one's eye and one's heart on the same axis. - Henri Cartier-Bresson
I need a man that'll actually play his role as my man instead of a boy imitating a man bit failing drastically
We'll never turn our backs on humanity.
Oh man, SUPER jealous.
Can I get one of those shirts in Skittles/Seahawk green?
"best interest" clause is in the NFL Constitution and By-laws, Article IX.
"your fried"
I see you up there
Hell yaa...Nice all week...Have to paddle out today for Andy Irons. We are closing the shop till noon for him.
I'll let you know bc I have to talk to work to figure out a day. Why can't they take them on Saturdays!?
Great 1st Q for the #Blazers. Love this team
Sorry for sounding like dumbass, but when you guys hitting the Mid-West on Warp Tour? So I can try to get tickets
#awkward when the kid sitting across from me texts me in class and it say "im not drinking red bull its peach vodka want some?" im like no.
Great job today! Thanks for your help.
Yes, he's great! I'll have my asst reply...oh wait, I don't have one. I need to become fabulous so ppl will work for free 4 me
I'm sad that Lala is going byebye. You wouldn't happen to know of a good alternative (besides Pandora?)
When your passion, power and purpose come together, you will have unlimited God-given potential. Check out Ephesians 3:14-15.
Dr Dillingham of GHESKIO will fedex the wonderful first grade paintings to a doctor colleague who will bring them to Haiti on Saturday :)
lmao, i love fukin with those clowns. how are you doing?? :)
FAKE! FAKE! YOU FAKE! FAKER! FAKE EVERYTHING!
What a man's mind can create, man's character can control.
hit my line
#HowardSternsPenis his intro package was fucking amazing
Oops I accidently ripped Ben's Kettle Chips bag open... LoL
TODAY IS THE BEST DAY. Sheraton Premier, you better be ready for us.
Hell yea RT Twa was pro =')
bounce that booty like a basketball
Don't miss "King in His Own Words" forum at the TODAY at 11 a.m.-featuring Kent Germany & Michele Rubin
Just updated my phone so i wil get twitter updates!!! haha yeah
i hope everybody's day is full of yoppin' activities
hey there D. :) Under the weather, but hanging in there. Baby is too!
I'm learning Kim :-)
Genius! RT: Lets do a modern family where gloria leaves al bundy for me because i help manny become a baseball star.
Physical activity reduces colon cancer risk by 47%.
Can he pick it at short? The Giants need an upgrade.
Worst H.O. Ever ... But its Worth :D
Mavs WILL beat the thunder
I wonder when the day will come when I'll no longer be constantly trying to prove myself to myself
Totally agree after Cabin Fever he got lame.. How is Taylor Allderdice??
Whoever's in charge of the #SCTop10 needs to take Blake Griffin out to dinner at the end of the season. Making it too easy!
being a mahomie is about LOVE, CARE and SUPPORT . That's why were the BEST !!!
Wasn't even close. RT : Love twitter. Universally slammed national anthem.
Met with mentors last night - revising business plan today. VST Instrument on iPhone/iPad? What do you think?
I think you'd be fine. There'd be lots to talk about. Minimal violence. No skin.
The Lucky One is an amazing movie.
Get your case of C+Swiss Hemp Ice Tea before the whole country band the original HEMP Ice Tea 420 friendly!!www.myspace.com/justbarleylegal
baby, i can be your motivation (;
Can anyone recommend a good flatbed scanner? Preferably one with a 11 x 17 bed.
Love is about trUSt.
Tonight at #phametour culminating show at the Aladdin (7 pm), we celebrate inspiration + talent of PHAME's incredible students!
q4: how do you motivate or inspire others? what do you bring that helps get others involved and excited
#MM #MusicMonday FRIENDS!!!
RT : I wonderful what my first meal on US soil would be if I was Amanda Knox...
93.9 commercial about our show tomorrow! Haha its funny to hear fat matt talking about javelins.
It feels as though I haven't tweeted in a while. So here goes nothing.
Too much on my mind, can't sleep. Dreams are not my friend.
for the most part.....yea lol it is
Remember singers: pasta is good for your voice and it's super cheap.
Waiting for the flight back to DC - thanks to all councils who participated in this year's conference.
no life
You don't love a woman because she is beautiful, but she is beautiful because you love her. ~
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Walmart "Big Sleep" Lay-away
HAVEN'T TWEETED IN OVER A MONTH.
Big mother fucking shout out to the best best best friend a gal could ask for for turning 21 can't wait to reunite love you
We gotta Software Engineer in the class :P
#YouKnowYourADirectionerWhen you hear the word direction and smile. (:
Gonna get my first tat this summer. Who wants to go with me to get it?
Research? maybe?
Ticket sales haven't yet been announced for the Maritime Ghost Conference. Check back soon for details.
Love is when your puppy licks your face even after you left him alone all day.
good god, ruby. you need to go and think long and hard about fork safety. this is way too annoyingly difficult
Home sweet home.
Bring back the draft you people have to much time on their hands if you love this country like you love Rush then go fight the real enemies
Aloha and good morning! Hope everyone has a blessed 'hump' day!
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't like guys who are clingy..but if you don't act like you care at all then It wont have to be an act for me.
At the mall with the moms
I'm a big fan of Yunnan coffee. Everything that rises from the soil of that province comes out quality.
A watched feed never tweets.
Since I'm up, I might as well watch Arthur. Maybe I can find a way to include it in my writing.
Just arrived in Orlando, and peeling off the layers. Now, where'd I put those shades!
We think it's a great idea! #foodie :)
Haha, I mean, it IS "Disney couture". Still, anything with teeth beats everything with glitter, no?
oh ok
Not being able to sleep because of the sunburn on my neck <
Cooking channel : innovative events for delicious and easy meals. COOK WITH US Giada
Thank you! I can show you how to do it! Your hair is the perfect length for it!!
'Protect this asset with the number one provider of GPS tracking-->GoldStar GPS!'
Come by Chicago French Market today! Our outdoor seating is now open!
Hm...Yep, I think it's going to be a problem for him.
at church & work at the same time. :)
Have a good weekend!
i was at legit boy scout camp, not cub scout camp;) and i would never!;)
Yep! I'll have it up either tonight or tomorrow.
Cant' wait to read the Cd linear notes. Nuff Respect. Take no Prisoners doc. I'll fill you in on my dealings later. Peace
OMG what a nightmare! Good luck w/ that! : "No joke, Tania lost her passport and boarding pass. And we forgot to collect our i-20"
Enjoy the nice weather, Pittsburgh peeps. Have a nice evening!
You can't get what you could get here anywhere else.
What does the "zip it" option in Tweet Faster mean and so. Please advise anyone someone. Ty
probably not good to be with another aquarius then.
One of these days I'm going to go to the bar next door & chug a beer on my lunch like my coworkers used to do 10 years ago!
I suffer from the same saga. Not fun. Good luck, girlfriend.
Don't enable. Empower 🌟
idkkk I've been looking through it and can't figure out =/
:) thx! Fishbowl lens and awesome pic courtesy of
Thank you for rectifying my issue. I could not be happier to have received that call this morning!
Had a good time in ATL. Now headed back to LA
U have any SN stuff from the show you'd be wiling to sell me? I was such a huge fan!
Who wants icons?
Lol I know; how are you?
Enjoying the food at Cedar Restaurant? Tell us how much.
You should begin to feel results in the first few weeks of consistent use.
Watched Zookeeper today with my love ;)
Chillin all day then class at 6 to learn about plants...holla at me
Can't wait to see the homie tomorrow and listen to the remix.
Is it lame that I can't wait to get the kids to bed so that I can watch Super Tuesday results roll in?
Someone should be there to catch the broken shards. RT : "Tried to save myself but myself keeps slipping away."
That would be great ! DM me or call me at the Brooklyn Museum and I can give you some more info
Some girl tweeted me saying "*NSYNC IS OLD. 1D IS SO MUCH CUTER." and I almost throttled her.
Monkey shines candy. Too hilarious. Accent, IMHO, light ;)
Collaborate with Southeast Seattle Education Coalition for research opportunities. Learn how to be involved on Fri 5/25 3:30 pm in CMU 226
Inspiring to hear from Wade Henderson, CEO of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights!"
When it comes to "handmade" artwork, I will ALWAYS prefer the artist who I can see actually making the art instead of a generic shop.
your birthday is four days before mine <3
Great tweeps who share fabulous ideas!
You read my mind dude! I was bumping that track on my way home from Spanish. You destroyed that last verse.
btw, did I ask you if you're doing AWP in Chicago this year? Did we talk about that?
Agreed! RT : Wow, really played a mellow mind-blower of a show tonight at Masters at work.
that's the rub. It's too easy to pretend to be something you are not. however, you will always get caught.
Seth Aaron
do I even have to tell you how ridiculous I think this woman is? She's off my radar
Another not so nice weather day in Maui, but I'm watching whales play from the window on our room. That's pretty cool.
Bath then bed!
Only instrument I play is the radio! I'll be enjoying w/a drink & a friend. Dixon is happy, however, to share the floor w/u.
Need.Inspirational.Quote.
loner freak
Merry Christmas!
Welcome Back Peter! RT Guess who's bizzack?
Time to get my shit together. Panic doesn't help. Gotta control what I can control.
me tryna get closer to u
I have been good bro! Yourself?
Suck it up buddy. I still love you. haha
New Joe Jackson now playing on WFUV. Dig it. Duke Ellington tribute. Some Duke up next.
What a heated day !
Thank you! Our management was severely crippled when went to pay model. Went from 0-1500.00/mo. for level we were at.
1st week in Dec , but signing up soon , putting team together now
Twitter nation watz good!!!! : )
all good bro I appreciate it
Rico's Roughnecks…ballin'
your old gym?
im pussy and cant hang at the oaks
It'd be easier for it to trend if u sent it to LMFAO x
Come visit J.S. Edwards in Harbor East. We have Psycho Bunny, Southern Tide and Thomas Dean to help you look chic in the summer heat!
Nothing like waking up in ya bday suit!!! #Indepedent I got mine own
I'm late! But smacking is smacking. Don't smack with gum, food, chips NOTHING!!!
For the record, KU IS 5-0 when I change shirts at halftime
#mentionyourcrush no thanks... i keep it on the DL.
SWEET! Brazil REQUEST C MAGAZINE as well! i'm in Los Angeles and i love to have the EDITOR C contact! CHEERS! :)
thanks for the follow. Still have a lot of Strictly Rhythm vinyl in rotation for my 1200's.
How do u lose weight?
#Christian #fundamentalists: isn't it enough that you've condemned me to hell when I have to hear your constant proselytizing here on earth?
Thanks for all the support! xoxoxox
That's not to say I don't enjoy the bombardment...
Going on day 10 of a 15 hr workday. Taking the weekend off to finish painting the bathroom and work over at the new rental property.
RT If you've ever wondered about a future in which your brain will sync more seamlessly with machines. bit.ly/pKCPeK
hahah WHAAT?! Keek now rules. That is super freaking awesome. Well thanks to keek, we can now be best friends! partaaay! (:
Got you bro!
ordered in Thai food, tinkering with the internets, and now to devour a stack of books.
I have 2 cats- how about you- thanks for RT!
That was a Webapper company excursion to Colorado in 2009. 2 day speed rally through the mountains.
Please vote for !!! 1-855-864-2303 (because we know he is MULTIdimensional)
is killing me right now.
"STOP LOOKING AT ME, SWAN!"
Oh, I can say something inane alright!
nothing will take that from you. Talk about tuff you got that for sure.
When you think you can't that's when you must!
NO!): Omg i better not get sick from you spitting in my face from yesterday
the same for my sister...Great Post!!
its billy, dj from apt 720 can u get me plus 3 on list to come see u tonight?
#Authors #followfriday sign up 4 her newsletter and get her "Publishing Tweekly" report-brilliant
Somebody just asked me if I'm high that's how tired I am right now
he's still Doug heffernen's neighbor, gloating in his above ground pool, looking over dougs fence from his inner tube.
#orphans8 Matt Epler now talking about a cache of 16mm films found in Jordan and the crowd sourcing project he's started to I.D. them
Does anyone on here watch The Client List???
#100thingsihate racist people.
John Williamson is in the greenroom at Arizona Midday. He will be on the air at 1:08 pm!! Getting close!! I wonder if he is nervous?
Storms all day! WTF!!!!
no, meaning that it was extremely retarded, even for spongebob standards
awww, love her
For the record, I checked and none of these albums is on Spotify. It's not flawless, ya know.
GET YO AUDIO DEVICE ON THE DANCE FLO' shake that analog connection baby UH feels GOOD
hey boo thanks for following me u still and I still like you
happy birthayy hope you have the grandest? Birthayyy ever woke up early to say happy birthday love you vin!(: its easter!
#FF she will help any #actors with their career!
I would love to see Aldo vs Mendes! He deserves a title shot!!! thanks for listening
When a true genius appears in the world, you may know him by this sign, that the dunces are all in confederacy against him --Jonathan Swift
Undercover boss abroad could be my new favorite show.
Ask 411 Movies for 05.14.12: No, I Expect You to Read This Column!: What are some good Mother's Day films? What movie does Sylvester ...
near knoxville
Be classy.
I won't tell him its our secret pahahaha
Check out our new background and logo, let us know what you think
hahahaha LOU! We voted my love :)
#Eureka tonight
Thank you! I hope you are doing just fabulous!
. Please look at intersection of 23rd & E Streets NW. Very dangerous 4 pedestrains. Traffic lights are confusing.
- Talking to my X and I say "Oh yeah my baby is Alex Sensation coming on - y me engancho!" LMAO Gracias!!!
According to a new #AshleyMadison survey, men who drive #Toyota vehicles are more likely to cheat.
glad you're playing for Detroit, otherwise wouldn't have realized your tweeting prowess.
... You want someone to call your own but you don't wanna meet anyone? Hmm ok lol
CEOs are hired to deflect anger at unpopular and immoral corporate decisions. They're highly paid, white-collar fall guys.
dude, you were hanging out with a 1998 PTAnderson character.
": YES! :) has announced the BOOSTER GOLD television show in development. #skeetswillbethere" best news all day !
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust10
Do you think Dwight Howard is actually gonna be a Net ?
People should help me get more followers :D
The Motto 😜
Hi can u please follow me??;*}
I still call it East! Anyone else still refer to Straz as East?
O, somebody got drunk texted. Now when I hear #LadyGaga's Monster song, I going to remember to change it to "that boy is a drunkard..."
what's up man? Where you heading today? Me and my gf will be at hollywood studios let's meet up
When people stare at you <<
I wanna see people trend Page 100 or even 300 of 366 and not miss one day
Seriously, if the Bulgarian Legion had #TeamStream, there would have been no Crimean War. Just riots from 1853 Raiders fans.
Congrats to and on their competition today!! Let me know where you guys are going. would love to go and support!
Chicago. Time for dinner and rest before making people grapple one another all day tomorrow.
Lol, i know you cant, if you did, there would be something terribly and horribly wrong, lol
Sometimes I wish I were still a student
one day will notice me please make that day be today!!! :) <33333
I hate my life-_____- lol
School em Doug... what a clown! Lmao
plz send me friend reqest on facebook if you have one my name is lealy lysol spray just tell me u ganna friend me before you do it
on my way to beautiful new albany,IN for the big IU East, IUSE matchup...should be a good game
Not strictly, but I'm sure lots of people wish they could do more of that stuff but can't due to money concerns.
tomorrow I'm working with woody harrelson, michael caine and morgan freeman..for the next week on a new movie being made here in new orleans
In a really deep thinking mood tonight..
officially now on my list. Thanks friend :)
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x8
In honor of "FLAT TUESDAY" $2 pints of Walkabout all day. Join us for Social Hour for 5 Buck Bites all apps on $5 3-6pm.
": The Colts are going to regret dropping Manning...."
me either! And kitties are just adorable ^-^
I can't take this anymore
Today's BTU inspiration: "This, right here, right now, is heaven. Breathe it." ~Jeff Foster
These "occupiers" need to occupy...a job.
Palmetto Bay officials estimate $9 million to build the garage - will money come from all that promised profit at Thalatta Estate?
Any comments on if spectral imaging reaching (cost/tech) point where more projects can use it? Or is just in the news more?
can't wait to see you either!!
Oh fuck that j cole or nicki should've had that.
Hey Maeci! Thanks for stopping by! I felt really dumb when I saw your card and realized you were...you! Hope you enjoyed everything.
The deep freeze in S. Fla. Pulling out ALL the stops.
Spiritual practices (sadhana) are not the ultimate in gaining spiritual liberation. They are the means and not the ends in themselves.
May soon apply equally to the NCAA final RT : Parents let their kids watch this stuff? Probably shouldn't.
you're welcome
TY!!! Both! 2 bathroom remodels & improvements 2 home office/studio!!! xo RT : Sounds EXCITING!!!! Home 4 u & Coach or Work...?
gonna sleep now you?
is that a metaphor of some sort?
Brew Crew can clinch this thing today! Let's go boys!!
I'm up, but tired. Kept waking up last night. Couldn't stop thinking about stupid stuff. I'm going back to bed-Restarting my day....later.
lol I do not go to the mall almost every daay pssh pfft~
So hungry
when you wake and up is already stuck in your head, you know you are going to kick today in the ass.
“: I may be a real bad boy, but baby I'm a real good man. -Tim McGraw” this is hott
It is 3:18 on 3/18! My birthday time on my birthday day!
the leprechaun in this episode of south park ALL I CAN THINK ABOUT IT NIALL SEND HELP I AM WHEEZING
Up early for #SMBMad! #UWSocial edition.
yeah my bad.
RT if you have #neversaynever3D on dvd or blue ray! (purple ninjas)
Heejun not in the bottom 3? Is America deaf?
blow pops make the world better.
ima call you ok
Mother's Day is this Sunday right?
Seriously though...what's the night to go next week?
I miss you :/
Sitting on fb with the hubby smh folks doing the most
Bad for image, is bad for business!
Friends and family discounts till Monday! Find your discount code at Facebook.com/endurapet
Devotion? Check. Coffee? Check. First class of the day? Check. Great day so far and its only 10am!
Dig your youtube channel beautiful voice
Obama is a bad man
Just figured out that very large percentages of Pell recipients in my study have measurable depression-- eg upwards of 30+ % at many schools
Making it rain like its 2006.
#jobseekers-minimize job-hopping by not putting dates flush right, use () right after co name where they are less noticeable
