Today is the day people!!!!! Production already started setting up... This is gonna be hell of a wknd.... Come & join us @ The Melia hotel!
At an attitudinal level, the switch has been made. 40% of companies are actively using #Cloud computing as a model. Still at an early stage.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
oh sorry, i guess i don't remember that. the 90's was all about long legs covered in belts.
ending throws some people who didn't read the product description carefully. Glad u r having fun and thanks for kind words
That is exactly what I just pulled out of my fridge!
no shit kelly. So disrespectful. He made millions off of her.
Just finished a great workout! Out at breakfast at Le Peep with Craig & Michelle now!
Heh. It seems I've caused more trouble than not by posting those. No links -- all subscriber-only.
sad indeed..ps what agent is so important he can't use his real name? That's douchey
So my 2yo son Jack got worse and went into ICU on oxygen , then he got better and now on a good steady quick recovery track.
evaluate: I traded bush/romo for Brady/Witten. I think I made out hardcore.
don't get me wrong banks need reform, it's just that movement doesn't have any aim and is much more privileged than it leads on
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart, If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.”
Doc and I have been sitting on the floor in the same spot for the last 15 minutes staring at the same bug. Like mother like son.
I love it when white people say nigga.
better man.
Seriously though. I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING holy shit hahaha.
Does a book really NEED a forward, preface, introduction, AND prologue? It's also <200 pages
I know  but on the bright side I'll be with you all day tomorrow 
I am NOT a 4 string purist!,but see the the expanding role of the bass regardless to the number of strings.5,6 makes no difference just PLAY
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. ~Mother Teresa
Did you see my new tenant? Rates go down during hurricane season
Just saw a dude driving around smoking a hookah in his car.
IT IS SO HARD FOR TO FOLLOW ME❤Every single tweet is about him. He is my inspiration! I would do anything to meet him. Follow?
Awesome clip! Proud to be a part of the arc tribe with you!
Like the Bonneville Salt Flats out in the Penn Ave bike lanes this AM, and by that I mean salty, not speedy.
good morning. Handsome ...LOL :)
I have a craving for Henry James. I've read Portrait of a Lady, which of his should I read next?
I'd rather take the bus & be let to school than let my mom drive me :/
Don't be the loud talking and bragging Loki to another persons Hulk. You might get thrown around like a rag doll.
We make em bounce bounce gotta shoot you the newest version for the Adlibs to the song bruh
There's a number of variables that come into play that the QB has no influence on.
George Winters~ If God had really intended men to fly hed make it easier to get to the airport.
Braun with his fifth walk coming up?
I Dont wana live that way
"He's the Wiz and he lives in OZ!!!"
You're absolutely right. Wanted to do a whole list of historic failures (some of which became successes).
The prosecution's office needs to embrace technology.Let THE people test how Pros. Disc. is being used.Social media?
My life is driven by alarms...
It's only Tuesday. #yawn. :(
We are drawn to Light.
Washington has, again, expressed the importance of not letting anyone move from behind our lines into the occupied city of Boston.
Happy to announce that we're now offering financing for Power Days so we can begin to help more people get in quicker! contact us for...
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
I don't feel well & and I have your car keys
Hee. RT "Im thinking about adopting a pup. Chicks love a dude with a direwolf, right?" - A douchebag in Westeros
looking forward to Barack Obama's acceptance speech tonight.
oh really? in the car?
RT : Just attended a great Career Fair success workshop at the CMS, I highly recommend!
55% Of Twitter Users Are Mobile
Amen RT : Men make #Mistakes, but God is #Perfect! So why do we put our #Trust in Men?
i know i get on people nerves hahahaha i dont give af
Astronomer urges world to prepare for asteroids to hit earth
s that an okayy to meeting my lil sis or having her come with ud??!?!?!
Thanks to all of you that have placed orders on my site myNSP.com/CleanStart The Herbs Really Work! If u have questions on using them ask me
RT : Damn Russell Wilson is the shit .... ur right
I hate your bullshit
#ohmygosh ..... Are you kidding me right now?!?! I cant believe #GlowisHere (: going to itunes right now!Followback?!
If you're in Charleston, SC tomorrow come by Velocity Sports 2 check out our Shooting Clinic with
Do it up whatever you gotta do to get started ... start slow and build your way up
Happy New Year! Thanks for making 2011 such an amazing year. We look forward to seeing you all in 2012!
JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE!
“Information Overload is an Opportunity” Karl Fast,
Haha. Sorry about the cookie troubles. There is something amazing about homemade chocolate chip cookies
My brother is so annoying 😖
Inventor of multiple choice tests: "lower order testing" to get through historical moment of teacher shortage.
Fickle little things, aren't they?
What will drivers of economic growth be in Massachusetts over next decade? What should state/local govts be doing to drive them?
How was your weekend? #SmallBusiness owners are you ready to make this your best week? :)
looking forward to the instrumental national anthem of spain
We don't even know what those things are down here in 22201. ( was great when I had issue last week. Love #FIOS)
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
If you ever talk to her, you should ask her if she has made one.
Are tickets for Detroit sold out?
looking forward to signing my girls love their programs for children and teens
Thanks to new follows for supporting new contemporary ballet in DC!!
she hasn't seen it yet. I did it late last night and she wasn't home.
Saying "thnx" doesn't convey authentic gratitude.
Good Morning Tweeps
good morning
thank you...
sorry - i read your comment as sort of an "oh, they're young, they'll learn"
Runner completes half-marathon for sister - Sun-Sentinel
you have 24 videos on your second channel, and if I win I'll use it to watch all of them!
Her songs thats it I love her as a person personally
Chris Christie joke. RT : Hoagie summit
This---» RT : I'm way too niice to #GetInWhereIFitIn what I look like sum typical nigga?
Like a fool left the river, and watched my branches fall.
God is writing my love story :)
Hahahaha. Yes I am at home relaxing finally. Tell Jon I'm making Tilapia with vegetables!
The fact that has a signer on stage and is singing one of the most beautiful songs ever means he needs to win#TheVoiceFinale @
So far, Karen is in the lead with the most referrals. Let's keep it going guys! Keep the referrals coming!
I'm down for some smashburger!! :)
Could whoever parked this VW bus in my skull please come move it. Its not funny any more.
Thanks for the follow!
yeah that site has better fonts than picnik ever did no prob!
I gota call the Guinness World Record people because I have to have broken the record for most peanut butter sandwiches eaten in a semester
No looking back at Sodom and Gomorrah.
This dude just bursted out laughing for no reason.
Now, , are you just saying that because said it?! or do you really mean it?!
Congratulations! We look forward to the unfolding :-).
Tough loss for USF Women's soccer, still have a chance though, time to turn it around. Men's vs. the cuse tomorrow Come on Bulls!
Party, party! 2012
Congrats and you get a decent quarterback and a top round hot wag!
if i don't want to break down and cry at least once it wouldn't be #musicnow. spellbinding performance by
Now though, it doesn't even seem like it's been 5 months since he passed...feels like ages
I'm loving for collaborating on design issues.
Have you posted a new youtube video yet?? Sorry to bother im just wondering(: <3
Woman @ the gym kept sniffing her armpits between sets on the ab bench. As unsure as she is about herself, I am less sure about this gym.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
There's some really good albums out.
RT : need to measure impact of archives on social justice #aca2010 [academic study w/Wendy Duff developing a methodology
I FUCKING LOVE IT!!! Your voice ♥___♥
A beer bottle may not be shaped like a Boomerang but it still comes back to us every weekend. Come drink with us we have cheap beer.
the one in Hialeah?
now that my colleagues have experienced #makerfaire I think they better understand why I love #burningman. Create, make, do! Yes!
Dear Nikolai, How Did You Break The Zoom? (:
Cleaned my room.
I guess when u put it in that perspective, I can laugh a little
Ugh y'all just don't understand how many tears her existence brought to my life. Ugh okay I'll stop.
kinda far but ill def try to make it..
Some people irritate me >_< wooosah
in the club sloppy drunk dancing with your skirt up!
I want 2 force #ATouraine 2 address women, 2 read gender into Touraine until he does it post communism when he places women at theory center
ive had this phone for almosy a year -___-
what up
-- agree..not earth shattering. However I would have liked to see how we matched up with a top 5 team.
you sleep like your dead(: ( )
Oh you're quite welcome!
Today : Interviews with , , and
erin its always a pleasure chatting with u next time we can discuss friends..lol..I'm so beat gotta get some sleep!!!!
Hope you're going green today. My grandmother used to promise to take us "to city hall to get our butts painted green."
Is it sad that the application I use the most on my Blackberry is a timer? P.S. This tweet took 33 seconds to type.
Good morning, feels good to be outta the fridge lol
hey guys... check out my page on FB....click the THUMBS UP ICON.. LIKE it... or my mom will beat me... agian...
Keep calm and eat a big mac with two double cheeseburgers, 10-piece chicken nuggets, large fries, and a large high-c orange.
I couldn't agree more!!! Somebody needed to say it, and I'm glad that there are people like you on this campus!
Happy Holidays to all!!! Be safe out there!
Agreed!!! :) The challenge is to get everyone else to agree too!
Collection building to curation to production to publishing within one place.
gotta babysit bs rs
So much preparation.
Don't forget to buy your Little Man-Cave Playhouse raffle tickets. $5 each available on the chamber website or at HEB Cypress Market
good advice!
how do you have 41k followers on twitter, but begging for friends on facebook???
GO BIG BLUE
you aren't lying bro! I just got a $90 shirt for $35.
and you didn't get a shot of smoke??!!
Lol, don't judge me!
Good #Crossfit sesh this morning.. had a little anxiety over box jumps, LOL
No studying done , I watched tv . Time to get on it !.
So true! RT And Affleck supported Obama in 2008!
Ew, it's slush city out here!
i blame pamela anderson.
Just another day of killing snakes for fun and saving the lives of citizens all throughout Miami-Dade County with the one & only
I love sitting in the airport doing nothing for hours.
I am really looking forward to playing my first Norwegian Championship in poker in 3 years! Even more so to see Thor Hansen again!
I was rappin on the train wit Frib Fam & assosicates & a white lady said she gonna listen to my mixtape & I should make lots of CDs .
are you ever coming back to ohio? :(
Hello! We miss Cork! We were there in 2000. RT : Hello in Seattle from Cork in Ireland! Thanks for the follow! :D
JSB is a very thoughtful & thought-provoking speaker.
Don’t miss our brunch promo all month! Good M-F between 11-3pm, just bring a friend & get 25% off!
Yay! See you soon.
#BetterWithChicago all I want for next Friday Is the chance to see my idols, more than anything in the whole world.
Missing NY, may need to book a flight for April
prove it
mine was yesterday(: hahaha are you a junior?
so brah somtimes I do stuff in class
Just caught my mom on Spotify listening to
Smash the track! I ran 2mi and i feel good. I should do this more often
Am I a bad person for watching and enjoying New Girl?
you can do eeet
Winter was like spring. Now, spring is like winter. I felt like yesterday was Sunday. I think my brain is on GWT, global warming time.
God is so good!, how has He blessed you today?
ha you got jokes now? See you soon maybe
Acyclovir for treatment of herpes
very wise! indeed every person brings either blessing or learning
he was being filmed for something, and now I don't see him (intermission) but I will keep an eye out!
come stop by the tent! We'd love to catch up!
Charles Franklin Kettering~ My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
Choose the life that is most useful, and habit will make it the most agreeable. -Francis Bacon
Which player is the cover art for the tourney playlist. Stephen Thompson from 'Cuse?
When people have been going out only for 3 or 4 days & the female is already in love SMH -.- LOLOL
Cool. Thanks.
Last day of spring break 
handsome ... old and played out. It's all about dinosaurs now!
S/o to the women who put on lip gloss before they brush their teeth
according to ESPN it's great camerawork
"wheres my phone... ooh i found it"
nice but it was raining earlier :)
"When you get right down to the root of the meaning of the word "succeed," you find that it simply means to follow through." ~F. W. Nichol~
Unacceptable Behavior: passing over qualified employees for promotion in favor of an employee who's sexually involved w/ the boss
Everyone said I looked 'well rested' today. Yes, obviously the 3 hours of sleep is the way to go from now on.
word. I've been going crazy with my camera lately
“: feeling mutal family respect”
Im horny
I got about 300 something followers
is there a shuttle heading over there tonight?
anytime Juice man
Cranberries have been recognized as a super fruit, because of their antioxidant and nutrient content.
" I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing, just prayin' to a God that I don't believe in. ""
Awesome - great having you here!!
Way to go! You may be asked to come to ATL to present. :)
Thanks for sharing our ebook Ken!
why workout when you can have a sexy cod body? If only chicks could see what i can do with these thumbs bahahaha
U mad bro, you sound mad. Is it because I called your favorite presidential candidate a racist homophobic lunatic?
pinning is good fun!
DiD you know moms run on DD gift carDDs? (We know.)
where is my stuff it's been like weeks now. :(
Just misread "postmodern" as "postmortem". Interestingly, it didn't really change the meaning of the sentence in which it was used.
Thanks for the FF!
I expect to not go see it. Lol.
I want to know if Liza's going to be smoking throughout each course?
track practice was okay, now it's time for homework :PP
In India, best friend I made took a 15 hr train ride just to say goodbye again before I left.That's love in action, y'all.I've been so lucky
Almunia is out of contract
~ Next Saturday would be a good time to rob a bank in Kentucky too.
Word of the Day: Hoser- Refers to pre-Zamboni days when, after a game of ice hockey, the losing team had to hose down the ice. A loser.
Mr. Jaffe, is your 1v1 prize still up for grabs?
Sounds fun!
First panel is music supervision via Sad I'm skipping 's master class but #Berklee work calls
Line-up changes to note - Morrisonn and Ryan back from injury. Rankin out for the night. Biega out serving a 1 game suspension.
really enjoying the new album - enjoying the new sound. you go girl!
all right miss torchwood(:
what's going on in Vegas?
Step forward into the future that God has for you, knowing there's nothing you can do about past disappointments ~
Honour and shame from no condition rise; Act well your part, there all the honour lies. ~Alexander Pope
Openings for guitar lessons starting in March! Have a passion for worship? Want to grow in guitar & theory? Email
Sold out MSG in 22 minutes and broke the record in 22 hours. call me when you did that.
Every day I'm shuffling. **Insert dance party**
So excited about the !!
Listening to 'Clandestine' while runnin errands today. Windows down, loud, loud. One month til the Music Fest!!
If Katelyn moves in w/ him then he can either buy a new cat or bring one his cats from home to LA.
Booking clubs! I am in the market for a high maintenance, abusive relationship with an agasshi or ajumma. haha
thanks for the mention!
#Johnson'sBaby best spot tonight.
It has been said that Firehook Bakery makes the best breads in the area!
don't trip homie u gotta mind full of hits...write 1 u can 100
Swiss Miss and whipped cream you crazy girl, but that good kinda crazy
Sometimes even a nights sleep doesn't improve a bad mood, going back to sleep
U WILL LOVE it HERE, can hear the "Jamal Crawford" chant now at the RG
“ Can you follow ? Award winning artist and he follows back.. Check him out”
oppose internet censorship.
His laugh>
Thank you everyone for all your kind birthday wishes!!! I had a wonderful day :)
I think living in Florida with all these damn allergies is slowly killing me.
you are now a married man kbye
Happy Easter everyone!!!!
Yeaa!!! #Indiana Win the upset. Great game.
Right On Braahhh !
SOLO XQUZIT and BLAZE ON will be at CLUB ADRIANNAS performing in the ACE HOOD CONCERT
I don't think I'm going to the game. We'll be hanging out at #LunaDelSea before the game though.
I know.I'm always wondering what they think
Big decision coming on Chandler's status. Could decide whether the Knicks lose by 14 or by 7
It looks scary.
Life is beautiful if u treat it right
so cool
Reading my previous tweets and smh. But really, I mean, Vegas! Right?
I went outside to grab lunch and took a short walk. It's very nice out.
I'm talking to a Buckeyes fan at the TacoMac and I haven't even gotten into a fight with him! :-) I must be getting mellow in my old age.
Can we get some more LIKES please?!! we just want to be liked.
Well, we don't want you to go poor, but wish we could see you more often :)
: hey beautiful!
I love my momma ~~
Jets vs Dolphins = LOW SCORING - both defenses look good - Porter and Rhodes got into it before game with a shoving match
After today only 1 more Monday school drop off left this school year. Then on to summer "school" program (hopefully)!
2night the place 2 be is Broadway Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover. Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party...
atta boy, wouldn't want to end the semester any other way, right?
I just cried watching #thegleeproject . Cameron, why did you leave!!! :(
I'm confused by this Coyotes playoff game that didnt go into overtime.
working lab session
and syncing to iCloud is enabled on phone/computer?
You're one of the most talented wrestlers on whichever show you're on.
Hooray! The return of to #reOccupy and #Settle! Enjoy your train ride in #transit from TX to MI.
thanks for the follow James! Happy treating!
is literally feeling twitterific!
Thanks for the support! Join a pickup game if you are ever in NY
Big congratulations to for his recent engagement to Lacey Buchanan! TCN wishes you lots of love, luck & beautiful music!
I accidentally gave a convicted murderer, Walter Casper, my cell phone # once. Also stood in his house and talked to him. Ek!
And Now A Former Apple Employee Is Speculating That Apple Will Launch "iTV" In January 2012 (AAPL) via
"Future" is wack.
: Hmph, we'd expect at least a Macintosh II
Im Still A Kid At Heart , (:
CORRECTION: boring
About to watch a film I worked on.. at this time I think about what I actually did and what is going to be edited out !
wat up never eat chocalate at night
I love her shirt <3
You're welcome!
We just got a few dates booked with The Higher in December! We will post the dates very soon!
Americans don't take holidays. They take vacations.
Want wine now, but maybe it is too late at 1138.
RT : I'm in the DC area & I'm wearing a sweater vest. Do I need a pin that says "clothes not an endorsement of #Santorum"?
I really hope you found what you needed! Please let me know if you didn't.
Material Culture Working Group with Edward Cooke. Today: Patricia Kane (YaleArtGallery) - Table to Go: Cassie Smith’s Folding Card Table
no..please..
I'm not a pedo bitch. Wait till he hits puberty and widens out. Sexy is in the trunk of my car in a sealed bag
Twerk fest ..its going down MAY 21 DONT MISS IT .
Wouldn't better revenge be taking the Steelers out personally in the playoffs
2012 filmwatching! #51. John Carter (Stanton, 2012). I thought this was okay, but i was a bit dissapointed. Overall a decent film.
im tired of people and there crap i cant take this anymore
we ALL staying if thats the case.
Workin on chasing & down...
tee hee. Welcome Dr. Jones to FB. Now you've got to create another profile.
Asi Asi...I'll give you a call tomorrow...terrible headche tonight :-(
There's some sluts out there, they're real they exist lol
Starbucks is now offering a cup that you climb into and have coffee poured all over you.
The Elders are performing tonight in Chicagoland. Here is a gallery from one of their last visits - www.theconcertstage.com/elders2010b.html
Only after 3am
if u were here i'd probably take u out to a nice fancy dinner to make u feel better
Attention NCAA officials: Paul Johnson is going to sneak into your homes tonight and stuff our 2009 trophy down your throats.
Wake up, turn on laptop, listen to 's new podcast, start the day off right! Check it out people, you won't be disappointed
“A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.” - Christian Dior
thank you I will be back
Up way too early this morning for a film shoot...
Never !!RT texas aggies athletics just popped up under my "who to follow" suggestions. UM, NO.
it's GYM O'clock, time to run & watch
You're becoming quite a bell-ringer these days!
If the family were a fruit, it would be an orange, a circle of sections, held together but separable - each segment distinct.
Just Got To Doublz ^...^
Looking for some sexy ladies to model for TEAM TRIUMPHANT
I've got a new mix on the way, should be up just in time for the weekend...
You know what would be awesome ? If i got a makeover by the <3
thank you. You know what makes me amazing? I can clap with no hands.
Hey - Is there a restriction on the amount of postcards that I can mail to be entered in the Ipad giveaway?
it's an equity question. Not to mention their chances of getting a BA or even transferring are lower if they start at a CC
Just did an interview on WMPC for their show "Off the Bookshelf" - was there before, what a fun show to do and a heart for God.
yes, I can watch it on tomorrow
Yof meeting is tonight. On the agenda: logos, the big bowl, and mustache4cash stuff.
Had a great discussion of momentum, primaries, & polling in my class today! Thanks #2012elections for being so exciting, timely, & relevant!
Britney spears music videos on MTV :D
Are you still using this account? I could really use the name :)
& finally!! Thx to for following us!
I want to be home and laid down with bella since Adrian stayed with grandma!
Wichita State Shockers ‘Mascot ’ (New Style) Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
'm not high on Keuchly or Barron.
Tweet " #SwagInMySNAP " NOW!
*clears throat* FUUUUCK THIS TWITTER APP!!!!
damn right!
Omg you guys were amazing ! I wish i could dance like you two ! :] xx
I have been sort of bored today and restless. Could have accomplished a lot more but lacked motivation.
Happy JOEY DAY everyone "Whoa!!" Happy Birthday
is thinking that the Cheese Chronicles audiobook will be good--better if available from Overdrive...
Yes, I like their Flat Stanley video too. That class is too funny. I think it's fun collaborating with children of various ages.
sure but I'm also talking to jack , call
unless they get scooped by the raiders on that new stadium...
Meeting #6 was project planning for a digital library project. Meeting #7? Cancelled!!!
Ugh have the customer from hell right now
yes, I eat cereal from a cup.
You already know! Lol
lmao I should huh, wanna join it? :D
NO BOY, Twitter will ACCORDING TO YOUR MOOD, BECAUSE AS YOU ARE NOT SO HAPPY TODAY, THE NOTICES THAT DO NOT APPEAR surprising
U2 harmonize great together. Would you like to do an interview for my show?
glad to hear it was not a coffe allergy, and to have you back on the (#fairtrade) coffee train
My two dogs are running around like crazy! I hope they don't wake up my two cute children .
I hate serious people
IM READY TO SEE THE ICONIC BOYZ ON ABDC TOMORROW♥
my lips are sealed, lol
I am glad everyone is alright. I hope the dude is replacing the window.
Haha! Not yet. In Portland for another week for a few catalog shoots. Looking forward to seeing you guys again!
Is there a timeline for having wifi on all your planes (like the one I'm tweeting from now)? Just curious.
Starting to knit a scarf.
Woman hit at a high rate of speed on Fourth Plain between Rossiter and Neals lanes died before rescuers could arrive.
I hate it when people post a Facebook status or tweet instead of confronting a person.”!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No no
Blehhh 😒 this whole adulthood, 40 hours a week thing kinda blows!
thanks Andrew, its appreciated
I spy..someone with a foot fetish. Lmao this girl took off her wet shoes on the train and this guy is staring at her feet&licking his lips..
Spent the better part of the afternoon re-doing my resume. Funny thing when U have more than 1 career- multiple resumes! Music, radio, biz!
I guess FX is trying to show #Avatar everyday on tv lol. Good movie though.
Thx for reading them. Good to know someone out there appreciates them. Have a great day!
awww I thought you were coming to IKON Office Solutions for our lunch hour today :(
Happy Friday good people... Get #Outchea and make a difference today!!!
OMG are you guys a couple bc I will legit die from the cuteness
Now the Name of Jesus is a concrete and powerful means of transforming men and women into their hidden, innermost utmost reality. -Bible
I'm not sure what you mean. Can you rephrase?
“: I HAVE YET TO SEE ONE CATERPILLAR #LIARZ” I've seen about um A MILLION #jokesonyou They run from you and your fly spray.
I can't stand how insanely inconsistent is sometimes.
Santorum beats romney by 34 votes in final count in IOWA
I hope this ends w/ a smashed boombox. RT : jazz prof is reading 's original post to us with Kenny G in the background
Now the TOUR. xx
Finally got out of the doc :-) ready to get back home <3
why would you hate the Cubs when they don't even win? You hate them for no reason ha. We will still win the division!
Watching Cuse go bowling for the first time in many years....
Nick Tweeted By HBD< Mikey Tweeted Me: Hi:) Thomas Tweeted Me. Jason Tweeded Me Hello Beautiful:) All i need it thomas2follow
Crain's New York has a list but I only have a PDF :-(
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Rockwell - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
oh? well then I guess ur gonna have to stay calm till he gets here
School us so boring lol
Hey guys! if you've got facebook go like 's page now! If he gets to 1 million he's gonna post an unreleased song! SPREADTHEWORD
At one point the main character voiceovers a narration of bewilderment that her will has chosen something other than what she was thinking.
your the .. peanut to my butter the star to my burst the rain to my bow and best of all the best to my friend :)
NICE. AWESOME. REALLY.
Happy Teacher Appreciation everyone!!
lmaoo, yeahh! Good times, we'll do it again :p
Congratulations to one Maryland winner!!
Im Bout My Business....Fuck With Me...Its Suicide...#MurdaBeats!
How kind. Thanks for the mention!
A fantastic Superbowl weekend. Which Ad was your favorite? That Doritos Dog commerical was a hoot!
that's harsh. to annoy my mom all I have to do it walk into the same room as her. fast, simple, effective.
loneliness is a state of mind......
excellent timing! I have a question about picking up a minor not flying unaccompanied minor
Ugh summer its almost over going to back to a new school ...sucks! i'mma miss all my friends :( hope i see them again .
You should know that...
50 to a hundred grand a month is not enough for you go pound sand. I have four other projects. Get a load of my airplane company. Done!
#Actors - Felicia Fasano casting DEBBIE Tough Heavy Lesbian & LISA 40s White Beautiful Spacey Artist Type for "Californication" More in app!
Reading the email over and over again. Makes me feel good.
with some Irish tea on this beautiful morning is really setting up my day, who are you listening to?
paired perfectly with green gourmet and bluegrass music at our farm benefit bash last night! Cheers to all at Urban Harvest!
Settlement means Duke Energy will swallow about a half-billion in overrun costs at Eport. Consumer bills will rise 14.5%, rather than 22%.
Sure! Looking forward to following you.
Laughing at him ... Lol .
So what we go drunk :)
btw me an bladye had cam sex last niteeee oh
I don't want to ruin your party mojo.
Listening to my favorite radio station, FIP. French Radio.
Thanks for the tweet. We'll let you know when the Beta is ready!
Maybe not everything is more expensive, but whatever it was I was looking for was. *shrugs*
Nobody's saying anything about me or you, it's a hacking virus that we all have fell for, so please do not click the link.
I will but I have no idea how to use it I used to have one :p
Britt your the Hottest Chick out, like fuck yo. I shouldn't be aloud to talk to you
Got RTed by this weirdo train fan who just prowls twitter for train tweets to RT. Most are negative...
Anybody got a good sports rehab spot inside the loop? My back is fuuuucked
dyslexia wins again
Felt my first earthquake today, whole building at work was shaking!
There's geese all over the place!
Oh it was phenomenal!
...I am just way to wordy for Twitter.
Ah I need some company...
Shaky placekicking cost Oregon, Boise and (maybe) Alabama their BCS title hopes.
Injury bug!
New Youtube Channel "HipHowHang" Big meeting with Home Depot® to sponsor my new show
RT : Thanks for sharing! Always glad to pass on interesting articles, especially on brading and personal branding.
did you forget about high school?
Bus stuck at University Parkway & Roland Avenue
No games on. Bored wit nutin to watch
I pattern most of my life around Skeeter from Doug. I feel like art is in my future. Just sell a few of these bad boys and I'm off
Hopefully this is Weeks waking up.
FOOD ALLERGY ALERT Bakery El Monte Sinai Corp Announces Allergy Alert on Undeclared Eggs in Rainbow Cake
a true boyfriend= one you've been friends with for a while, one who doesn't cheat on u, and one who will still be ur friend when u break up.
#faveukband THE SCRIPT…ONE DIRECTION…COLDPLAY:)!!!
Discovery flew over DC & Enterpise over NYC & we all went nuts. Why didn't NASA do this YEARS AGO so people would care to save the program?
it never stopped me on the past from asking its not gone stop me now..... I just though u would've changed your mind by now
P.P.S. Tagline: No more checking your inbox incessantly for the type of correspondence that would've come years ago!
c'mon #Chelsea!
my second fav Cudi song of all time
Can't get enough salsa verde.
Great effort by the Nuggets played their asses off. Got a great future here in Denver keep your heads up
Happy New Year! <3
Super artists working hard on work for "10 Yards." All are inspired by 10 Indy yards/neighborhoods. Opening Feb. 2.
Why i can't be where i say i was? Why i gotta be lien?
easy for YOu to say, mister buffster big-gun arms! Mr. flabby pants wants to loose some midlife belly fat. (ok I love my belly)
Jim Marker moulded Cheezies into a Canadian icon
On Palm Sunday the glorious Son of God rode into Jerusalem on a donkey to die for our sins. What does this tell you about your Savior?...
Found another #winning tweep - Congrats on your SPJ-SD awards! Hope to see you at the July 7 awards banquet.
That's adorable!
Free time?
5 yr old: "There can't be no daytime without the sun!" Indeed.
can you make me a hot dog?
If I hear 1 more official talk about saving $ by cutting printing costs, I'm going to lose it. It's no longer innovative.
it snowed here in PA yesterday. Be lucky you don't live here.
#endhunger donate canned goods for
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life. ~James G. Bilkey
Did you get a chance to schedule How to Draw! yet?
Gotta see my boy John before i leave
Next up: some booth time (sans booth baby).
Sucks to be sick, but its good to be sick on a school day.(; yea
Vermont bans hydraulic fracturing MONTPELIER , Vt. —Vermont became the first state in the country to ban the controversial practice of hy
I so love crossing things off a list
Looks good! What kind?
#HowCanYouExpect them to love you, when you can't even love yourself...?
I updated consoles for 8 hours tonight. We are ready for Season's Beatings
Taylor Lautner ’s ‘Out & Proud ’ Cover a Fake! The Internet has been buzzing all morning about a “leaked ” coming out cover fea
Shop and ride safe this holiday. Only ride in licensed taxis. TService- stopping illegal hacks and improving taxi quality. Mytservice.com
El Cajon resident Marge Carlson asks council to bring back the International Friendship Festival... and have more activities... like La Mesa
It just so happens that my trip to Portland coincides with #socksummit. Yeah for me!
The Hoosiers are back RT : Is #Butler down this season? Yes. But this is a statement game for #IUBB. Winning by 15 + is huge.
Many excellent vinyl purchases were made today at Steady Sounds in RVA.
Well sure, but look at those SHOULDERS! I was a swimmer, i think that's why I like them.
Maybe we will finally become acquainted this weekend
Out eating with the fam!
What else would you expect from the joker.clownin.
Listening to Country while driving to Evansville >
You are welcome!
Qualities turnaround principals need: courage, data skills, passion, ability to ID successors and communicate vision clearly.
shoulda been "eat me out"
If uu fuck them right, cheating will never be an option for them.
Someone wants to know if AT&T customers get charged for vote. She's a Vikings fan but we need her vote. :)
Ha Ha...I thought that said "gluten morgen"!
Sunny and beautiful today in South Carolina (we are not there, but some of our folks are to teach an Event Directors College as part of...
What a coldblooded 3 by Johnson tied game
haha yeah i wonder what the people would say we should go get our nails done and ask the people(:
Cleveland Health Dept. declares today Meningitis Awareness Day.
We set the precedent and teach people how to treat us.. what are you teaching people with ur actions and what you allow?
thanks for all my friends for being there for me when i needed one.
DC you spoil me this weekend. Behind it all is an evil grin of things to come. Namely, August.
“ My attitude sucks big time today!!!!” mine does too. I can tell you have an attitude.
Just rocked the vote.
LOVE YOU!! <3 hope you check out my background :)
Meta world peace is ready for OKC
BELOW THE BRIM a design insititution... growth is inevitable...
Will be porting the Dog Blog Site Template into a Wordpress template. Beginning work tonight at 9:00pm eastern time.
And most excellent thanks to you for helping to get the new look in place. Loving it!
I have a feelin Real Housewives of Jamaica will never get made...
RT : We need the courage to change our values to the regeneration of our families, the life that surrounds us - Chief Oren Lyons
this is all wrong
RT : Tomorrow's #LegalChat topic "Does Information Governance have a place in a law firm?" moderated by 11am ET
Busy day ahead followed by last wknd of my cast in Not Just Another Love Story. Special promo 4 Sat show "Pay Anything You Can" 803-802-2300
awesome picture!
Watching Nicki Minaj: My Time Now. Never really had a lot of respect for her until now. She's an amazing person.
happiness (title may not be considered accurate), life is beautiful ("")
I don't speak impulsively. I'm a huge comedy fan. Cougar Town is the best ever. Simply spectacular.
I'm finally following (I'm so lame at twitter) & who's the first tweet on her page...EB! I love it and you and Mariah!
G.M.N.I.: I know it's a horrible way to live life as a youth, but I didn't expect to reach the age I am now. It's truly a blessing.
My 5 year old has begun stealing my purse. I found it in his room, emptied of all candy and gum. Now what?? :)
Sigh. It's only Monday.
Had a new thought. You can arrange yourself...in my bed....now.
thats pretty awesome! And ouch lol how?
VOC Tip: Humanize your business pages. People want to see faces not just logos. People want to have an experience.
The reply from my 16 yr old upon seeing your pic: Wowwo! Only one person missing. Me...
Jinxed it RT : #WhitecapsFC have broken an MLS record with consecutive minutes without allowing a goal to start a season!!!
Going no where fast!!!
Goal of 300 followers by Friday. How fast we can get to 1,000!? Spread the word and follow journey to world premiere #NYMF 2009!
Get your Nov calendar ready! Hum along with the Metuchen Library Friends & Karen Luschar's "Songs of Broadway" Sun Nov 6 2P 480 Middlesex
Shit just got real.
Doing Jrs Last Laugh in Erie tonight thru Sat as well as a senior living facility at 3pm. Staring blankly is laughter in my book
Cousin in town... wants to know best beach to take a 2yr old to. Any suggestions?
...tip of the iceberg, . hold on to your hat.
: ...looks like a shiny studio pic but, nope. The 'Hollywood' you speak of is greedy studios.
how many tix are still available, is the game even close to selling out, or is it going to look like a 29th attendance?
Study study study , no sleep for me today ! Ah !!! So tired .
Gah its so windy at the beach
It must be contest season. Dr34ms about solo contest rehearsals and accompanying. Nerd.
coming along indeed
First sentence found in 2012: “His emotional baggage bulging inside his actual baggage, he threw both off the bridge that Mother built.”
Please follow me? Much love from me :D
the DJ played GYC during the boat trip and i sang so loud everyone heard me ='} idc care though i danced so hard! <3
Gettin yo bby mama to message me about b.s.#DontDoThat you&ha feelings will get real hurt
he notices u more than me!:(
Ron Paul's foreign policy shafts our friends and refuses to ack we live in a dangerous world. Insanity not good foreign policy.
Congratulations to Philadelphia's TEAM STAB PLUS for going over the $10,000 mark in money raised ($10,126.00)
Oh! We can't wait to hear what you come up with!
Time to drink coffee with Pastor Furtick. You can too... Elevationchurch.org
I've never been more thankful for a shower and my couch.
escandalo! heard we won't find out until the reunion. so many rumors though!
Love this one for the kids: Book Lovers day - get em young, teach em the love and discovery of books (sat on my Kindle - I'm back to paper).
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.
like a TV show
Love idea. Battle of the media.
Major Lazer video Original Don, great shit
is now following me. I died a little inside just now.
it was great meeting you, too. I enjoyed learning about /cc
how likely are $100+ wins in $2/$4 anyway? I wish I didn't even have to ask
My woman and I are lucky to have each other because she means more to me than a battery to a cellphone.
-May the Fourth. :D
Sounds comfortable.
would you feel used if you found out that was sending stealth-promoted tweets?
I'm hungry all I've eaten today is a bowl of cereal
Greg Biffle is the man! Bill Kimm of NASCAR tells us why at 7:15 NWSports Tonight
what happened !!!
Finally, a foolproof solution. How come no one's ever thought of this? I just had a great, no-fail idea: closer by committee?
NBC sports network. January 2. About time espn got some real comp...
": #30thingsaboutme I'm not naming all 30!!!"
it's ok.
An experiment only fails if you don't do it
#FF to a few fine art Twitter-ites/Tweet-er-philes/Twitt-o-phants: -- Enjoy one and all.
Wow, he's pretty good too.
I Used to Be So Complex.. Since Then, I've Simplified My Approach. I Appreciate the Difference. Although I'am Content, I Now Have No Choice.
Happy to help! Thank you for the kind words.
Yeah, if inability of the world to create a mortal triumph can't be seen as an eternal power, what can?
Great wisdom may resemble foolishness. ~Chinese Proverb
LOL! I year ya
A good publicist works from a plans but knows when to seize windows of opportunity.
Thanks for the connection, have a great week! - DM
Alex Is Sexy! Enough said!(:
RT : #Freedom, #Beauty, #Truth & #Love !
Beach Head Mike is going to be on the show? I miss his tweets.
thanks for the RT. Have a great weekend!
cant sleep
On that level I agree, but there doesn't seem to be any strict boundary between professional and personal on Facebook.
And we're in motion. Insurance came through on rehab...finally.
are you scared of spiders? c:
I cry myself to sleep... But I'm fine with that!
yes sir....it be singin
#CIF here we come. Please dont rain.
RT : I'm loving the halftime show. I had no idea Betty White was performing
either way, it's gonna be a hell of a movie and I can't wait!
we just gave away $700 worth of gas cards on
one of my all time favorite websites.. - check it while making coffee EVERY morning; so I know which ones to go after first!
we chilling inside today!
your dad is doing a show at my church on August 5th and sonny is speaking! So stoked for that! It'd be cool if you came as well
Oops, following now. :) Sure, Skype call soon sounds great.
Two of the hardest tests in life: The patience to wait for the right moment and the courage to accept that you've waited for nothing.
It's always tough making a selection from a new vending machine at work. I decided to play it safe and go with the egg salad on rye.
Hate riding da bus ima b late to class
After a 15 hour flight, finally in Jo'burg for a two week heritage and culture tour of South Africa #VisitSouthAfrica Stay tuned.....
so many installers and updates. 3 hours into the install and I'm still not done.
How many "your gay" tweets have you received after this article went live?
Haha that's awesome. Enjoy.
For 7 years I've labored and toiled. This spring, my lawn finally looks like its kept by a grown-up.
#itscutewhen ladies blush. find it weird huh? well, thats jus me
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Good Luck! You'll do GREAT! RT Today's the day!!! Starting my HCG Diet today! YEAH 32 days 32lbs. Here I come!
Quinceañera photo shoot tonight!
Jamming with Eric tonight in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL JAZZ DAY!!!!! :)
Danielle is sporting a pink Cheetah outfit and geek glasses on the Weekend Sports Buzz today. You need to check out the awesomeness....
Oh! Cool! When?
Retired football star... Played mostly for San Diego Chargers >>RT : who was he cuhz?
I wish I had girlfriends like sex and the city all mine are shit
Vicki, always a pleasure 2 read yr thoughtful posts. That one led me to learn a thing or 2 about Small & Stewart's collaboration.
We will be at the #RV Supershow today giving out swag. Come see us
plans 4 my old-age parents r shot...sign in library: NO LEAVING INDIVIDUALS REQUIRING CARE UNATTENDED 4 LONG PERIODS OF TIME OR AT CLOSING
I think this girl might just be a tired girl
Really with this iphone update right now?!? can't wait to have absolutely nothing saved in my phone bc i'm a retard.
my rich dad never taught me how to speak peasant...
Easter Sunday is almost here! Time for people to get there Easter outfits off of lay-away!
- Happy Valentines Day Baby, It's been a pleasure sharing life with you!!
Get the Gringo opens Available on demand May 1. During a high-speed car chase with the US Border Patrol and a bleeding body in his back s
Thankful for my roommates and steven Hamner and the opportunity to get swoll on T-day
Did ya' catch my tweet @ Mattel making a doll of u? No I didn't send one(but at least I didn't let u look a while 4 it : )
...attached to you :)
oh yeah the last one big time mount and do me forevr ;') lol
same here! Eben and David are both really good. I just hope they bring back David but idk if they will.
Almost time for #fridaynightartdorks. But first, food.
The lawn guys started working outside my apt. at 7 am and I can STILL hear them outside. Grrr.
That's cool, look forward to hearing it. Yea just get at me when you get a free minute or two.
If you have $600k laying around & trying to figure out what to do w/it you can buy a suite for the #SuperBowl- $587,074.
When are you going to Texas?
Something I heard today : "Don't mix your personal life with your work life."
Can't wait to be reunited with my bed!!!
I have tickets to the Brewer game next Friday, would love for that to be the magic game.
No netflix in this hotel = awful news.
Albon: Mobile tech is never the end product, good governance is the product. Pair new tech with traditional means
and now it all works out and you got what you've Bennett wanting 
Fantastic dinner last night, everything perfect except #BigTen (notice I couldn't say #OhioState?) didn't win. & I'm hungry again.
Dusted off my stack in a live MTT today. My though process has always been so much better online - it's something I'll have to improve on.
there's some choices. I hear there's somn goin on in Woo town.
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb? i wonder when i will gaf :D
Seriously Irving PD is awful, and whoever called the cops on him was profiling him based on his ethnicity & his tats!! Just WRONG!!
Take no prisoners.
you are fabulous on ! I watch you every week. Enormous congrats to you. I always knew you would be a
ha, tried that too. Thanks tho.
Oh, alt-rock, big swells, indie-pop, guitar, piano, ish. So, like post-apocalyptic/slum-god.
Oh it gotcha now. Of course.
Alright Blazers. Take care of the Mavs. I personally cannot wait to pour a glass of zippit.
A lady in the streets, but a freak in the bed.
please marry me.
He Is Risen! The Lord Is Risen Indeed!
George Shelton, dept. Of HHS, Ever success we have is tied p how well we work with the states.
Three things I look forward to in Obama's second term: ObamaCare, legalization of gay marriage, reconstruction of middle class America.
Real Estate Cebu Philippines The Best Real Estate Properties In Cebu ... Tips and Advices In Buying and Selling Real Estates and Get ...
#ATTENTION! If u have less than 5000, then follow for gained up ur followers ;)
I like this, I like this a lot. The Republican structure in SD is very anger oriented---among other concerns.
Doin the potty dance... Left foot cross, oh nope just pee'd!
Bahaha I Think Brandon Is Retarded
SHOUT OUT TO YOU GUYS! PEOPLE FOLLOW THEM! YOU AREN'T COOL TILL U FOLLOW THEM! SO MITE AS WELL FOLOW
Gn my twitter nation work tonight I hate THIRD SHIFT I BUT WHEN U ON THE GRIND GOING HARD IS THE ONLY OPTION
ya got one more follower!!!
no shame!
Hey, there is Hot-sex, Group-sex, safe-sex, phone-sex, speedy-sex, crazy-sex and for people wid ur face - NO SEX!
oh lol. in my dreams too.
Mark , your assigning yourself a full column in everyone's browser by scheduling all those updates at the same time :-o
Sadly, only till 8 tonite! Hope that leaves you time. If not, you still need a beer! Get one!
Could not be more excited about seeing Billy Elliott at the Fox tonight!
Raise your voice for freedom #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay #end slavery
Hope it still works!
drowsy af at work what's up wit u?
Hey Jay! Send an email with all the details to
I've had a great start to my morning. :)
RT : Can't sleep...heading to good friend's wedding later today. Should be fun! my first tweet!!
Super Mario
And, ironically, he's tweeting right now about the "arrogance" of ignoring God's law.
About to drink an energy drink and freak out my officemates with how hyper I'm gonna get
End w q&a but still get the last word. Don't let audience get the last word.
#Imagine Harry watches your eyes & suddenly his voice breaks. Harry:''I'm going on tour for three months. I'll miss y-'' He starts crying.
i saw this hot guy at walmart today who kept staring at me, i went to go ‘find’ something but i was stalking him. but he left..
Im using the shampoo bottle as my cowbell on the third chorus!
My President is black, my marijuana stank.
apparently religion and sportsmanship doesn't mix as well as we hoped. Tebow why hast thou forsaken us?
I'm a versatile artist but I love south beats.
The series just started; if you have any title suggestions, fire away. I'll tweet our Facebook page when it's live.
Thank you my sweet, cute, handsome cousin!
men need to listen when we women say we take FB relationship statuses seriously!
lol. Hail to the big man!
Gah I love my husband.
G'Night Shell. Have a good week!
I meant have Tebow/Hasselback but both on bye
(Jenna here) Oh my god you saw it!! you're very welcome ;)
I don't have my book!
I imagine they're uncomfy, too.
Thanks for sharing that with us! Great interview.
Student comment on good Digi Citizenship -"why worry about doing something wrong, there is too much stuff online for anyone to find out."
"putty" perhaps? 😝
2012 will be sick!!
free period wih and yuri and skylar!!
It sure is windy in North Texas! What's the weather like where you are?
Apparently is for anniversary eats for and me. Last year it was brunch, this year dinner. Looking forward to it!
game day....region finals at 2...get focused!
Just listened to new album "Blown Away" which is streaming on iTunes & "Two Black Cadillacs" is going to be a HUGE hit!
oh the US
now everyone is tweeting Mikey creepy yet funny stuff.. hahaha!
Run, not run?? Most likely not gonna run
Us too! It's in out top five, for sure :)
Today's local drafts: All Saints IPA &GABF gold winning Voodoo dunkel, Helltown Extra Sinfully Bitter, Lavery 1847 Rye Stout.
i am so BORED 😲
Can't be anything but proud of the pacers organization...thank you and for that opportunity..proud of that team!!!
Yup yup, it's dan the man from tweetup
#digitalindia JSTOR Plant Science. Users contribute to building of niche network of this content via social media - Rajan
finally catching up on
Thanks!!!!! “: yayyy she's back!! You did a beautiful job today BTW”
so damn organized
I'm looking forward to this year's holiday season. It's the first time in a long time I'll be off from work & w/ my family.
RT : BREAKING: Bryce Harper has launched his first home run. Video most certainly to come.
could've fed half the 9th ward for a year cuz
I would say just clear it all out.
I guess that depends on who "sunshine" is! Haha!
next spring break we are going to spring training since your condo is right next to them!!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family. ~Anthony Brandt
true that! Fight, honor and grind one day at a time!
wat it do
Marriage is "Holy Matrimony" it does not belong in the court room that's why this is an issue
im so hungry, i aint ate all day. i wonder what there is to eat.
stop skiing. or riding those weird skis that become a snowboard.
in the studio working on some cool dance songs.
Sounds fun! RT : Are you in #season?! teaches us the ins & outs of spring produce Sunday 4/1 from 10-11a!
Hm? Something we can help with? ('s tweets are private, so we can't see them.)
I like cookies
Let's go time to start winning again!
haha. i do go to the gym alot. but i'm italian and i find the show very funny.
Mo Claibourne: I didn't see no point in taking no test. Hahahaha
Not even tired .
juss added a bass guitar to our music.going to another level now
Whatever tomorrow brings I'll be there for you, if ever the sun don't shine I'll be there for you.
They say when you sneeze 7 times its an orgasm.... >.<
mine is goin ok, thanks for asking.
so I think something's wrong with my phone. I'm going to verizon, I'll try to call later
you are the best author ever. Asdfghjkl;;; I might see the lucky one tomorrow :3
Remember when was ugly?? Yeahh....me either. ;)
Attention Brides! Save a little for your wedding and shop at Bella Bridal to get 10% #cashback!
Trade Like the DowJones
'nite y'all
shyt like do i still b talkn to u wen da last time i seen u how u doin shyt like dat
Dear Restaurants, Please list all ingredients in your menu item descriptions.
I've seen Liz in concert a few times now (yup) and everyone LOVES to request that song. Loudly. With good cause, though.
to bad he can't play.
“: I like to skate too.”I like to watch people skate :)
Driving thru Malibu Canyon w/ a great view of #Supermoon. One last scene to shoot on Sunset Blvd. then it's the #CincoDeMayo Martini shot.
HANG LOOSE!
Bases loaded. Two outs. One run down. Bottom of the ninth. JOEY VOTTO strides to the plate.
RT : yeah, he probably thought everyone would hop on board. Credibility is a responsibility.
Food Fact of the Day: April 15, 1955 The first franchised McDonald's was opened in Des Plaines, Illinois, by Ray Kroc.
www.facebook.com/CeceeD
I'd like a button in firefox that says "Open this webpage in Safari"
So now the boyz can't say nothing when we are waiting outside their hotel room cause they are kinda doing the same thing lol
Been a good World Series so far....
I love all haters.. backstabbers..fakers..and pretenders. Thank you for making me stronger.
I Know ! Haha'
What type of shit is that? Lol
I love my relatives but I wish I was flying to Indy instead of Cali tomorrow. Oh well at least my cousin will be with me for #Christmas ^^
The Mesmer looks so fantastic. I can't pass it up.
can't wait for your conceeeeeeerrrrrt(: in new york cityy. (:
at least books are useful!
Watching the taped version of THE PITCH. They're choosing an agency for Pop Chips. The non-Kutcher agency.
Morning! Woke up and found out that France will be having a new president on May 15th, who's socialist.. Interesting..
& if you ain't with it punk bitch then get these nuts in ya mouth, no more. no less.
I don't need to be verified. My books speak for themselves.
I hate when you're watching a music video and you can see that they're miming. Ruins the video. Jason Mraz you pillock.
Great fight Mike!!! Way to stick up for your team!! Fans will remember this game for a LONG time! Big road trip coming.....
I wonder if they play T-Rex vs. Triceratops games as foreplay.
love getting this text: "I'm gonna make dinner. And you'll eat what I make."
Some people are impossible to please. Bitch be happy I'm putting in the effort. The least you could do is act like you're satisfied.
"i Have my ways" LOL. #weirdthingsICONiacssay You live in Connecticut?
Damn those USC players!
I think he was being facetious on that lol
eww, nasty finger ass!!! :P lol
Think my 7+ miles this morn should count as 42 because they were on a treadmill. Boring! Good luck to those hoofing it in #Boston!
mentions PBP (Perl Best Practices) book; besides migration scripts, PBP is a good read for any #kohails hacker
Making kale, spinach, beet, corgette & carrot chips w/Richmond kids for a school feast next week.
Check out the new photos of JACKLYN!! HERE 'TIL 4AM TONIGHT!! COME SEE A REAL WOMAN IN THE FLESH!! ALL OF THE FLESH!!
Is it just me or did those refs REALLY want El Salvador to win?
Idea for a new sport: Jetski Paintball Tag. Tell me who wouldn't play that with me.
Thanks for the follow!
I'll be holding down the fort on the broiler all week. Please play nice, for I'm looking into a 70 hour work week.
Big idea: scanabagos!
Holy Tweet! Popping my twitter cherry at LAactors Tweet Up with and
yeah it was a few people on the frontrail. Pretty awful.
Next time you think your perfect try walking on water
I have my first Sunday off tomorrow. I'm pretty excited for that. In Santa Barbara. Any tips?
Contact us immediately, we can assist you!!!
Boy your so hard to read... Like freaking Egyptian Alien or some something.
Ohio State men's basketball team falls to No. 10 in latest AP college basketball poll.
Thnx for the follow trying to make moves
Good talk. Good friend. I hope I drive you insane sometimes :P Enjoy Tokyo!
Maybe it wasn't a tweet. Maybe it was info in you bio and/or location.
#Aztecs BB Reminder. Traffic & parking for sold out game. Please be in your seats by 6:45pm to honor our Seniors...they deserve it.
When your boyfriend says to you.. 'wow, have you been reading cosmo?' hahahaha!
Can't wait for the fan fic!
No other #Poker Travel site is regulated to offer #VirginAtlantic flights to Worldwide destinations | #Vegas #NewYork #LA #London #Miami |
It's been a crazy rainy episode since Friday nite, I hope it does'nt rain today because I'd like to ride my bike to the library...
Dork. Came up for the weekend after a conference in Baltimore. In the burgh?
I really love 's writing.
forgot to tell ya I saw ya on TMZ...Kudos
just gone put my hair up in a ponytail tomorrow ! getting hair done after school :)
flyin over right now
I want to be a part of it
But my bank account is literally empty and crying... ugh
a quick reh then headin over to to play a set w/ songwriter diamond and willie harvey, 7:30pm
RT great friends!
“i can’t dance” says the sexy ass motherfucker grinding the fucking air, shaking his hips like shakira
My mom made sure to ask when the show drops.
I agree
Persecution complex much?
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Shock Therapy Barbie ...car battery and wires included
WE HAVE A GRIT UPDATE! RT Christ, McGloin can't even win the Big Ten OPOW Award outright.
:thanks for that-Result/have a new NYT writer to follow:Catherine Rampell,she covers theater and econo-go figure
aw shucks...I'll make good with a little more sun on Fri/Sat for that!
glee this week was epic. Artie totally got boob-faced.
Hope you enjoy that $1 meal!
Ur Beautiful And Crazy To. Baby Thats Why I Fell Into you. Even Tho You Were To Pretend To Be. You Were Never With Me. So Its Over Yeah Were
Indeed, Heller clients suffer this analytical and math skills gap, can't fill jobs - on Big Data in today's
Why does CVS make the sick walk to the back of the store for prescriptions while healthy people can buy cigarettes at the front?
I also have older twin sisters.(im 1 of 4)My parents claim they were a bit easier BC had each other to occupy themselves.
so true.
Slept in, went for a run, gonna clean the house, then time for a massage. Woohoo!
No immediate call on #wiprimary winner based on exit polls, waiting on returns
Awesome! See you soon :-)
Anybody ask you why you were taking pictures at the urinal?
RT : Bands that met in art school > bands that met in music school. FYI.
I hope we make it home on no gas..
When someone close to u dies... move seats
Class of 2009: stay mentally checked in to all things UVa at our website: www.virginia.edu/alumnieducation/
Can someone point me to a karaoke track of "Meet Virginia?" I can't find one on Youtube.
Love in a hopeless place
Raising Easter Baskets for children in need in Vegas. Who wants to help? #VEGASCARES! C/O
I love Brian Gotter! Severe weather updates with him are the best!
I assume u can't read when u say ur just not book smart......
Now you're talking my language (you can take the boy out of Long Island, but you can't take Long Island out of the boy)
The politics will take care of themselves, it's time to do what's right. - saving 1.4 million jobs
Maybe it's just me, but I think that almost all dancers use bags as their dance duffels.
This is gonna sound crazy but I actually cought the rice yes!!!!!
Unflushed automatic toilets indicate the presence of vampires.
WATING FOR #BELIEVE ALBUM :)
Attention to detail RT : How can you be a 50% FT shooter when you've played basketball your whole life? How is that possible?
I swear is determined to make me fail my English exam There were at least two stories set in England and my mind just wandered
Karma is really a bitch !
Can't talk. Watching
is it better to say happy new "year" or happy new "years". have i been doing it wrong all these year?
She bad and seen first hand what's happened in my past nuttin better then a girl that knows what I been thru
-- BRAVE, PEOPLE LIKE US, FRANKENWEENIE and CARS Land June Press Trip...
Again... I'm such a lucky little girl! I love all my friends and family....thank you for the early birthday love
and I'm walking around with a smile on my face thanks to you :) Love and Light!
How much longer will we stand for this political grandstanding for the kleptocracy before we have an American summer?
you will be, you will will be....
We still have children that would love to be sponsored!
So, as soon as Keith Underwood saw Ali he insisted she play with him at the all star concert this afternoon! Can't wait!!
RT : Guys what happened to ?
": ican tell im never gonna get a text bck,"
We will now be showing all Blazers and Timbers games and offering wings and beer for $9! Join us tonight to watch the Blazers take down OKC!
Monday in the boogie down Bronx...excellent way to start the week.
Employee Body Shot Madness Tonite! Featuring The DollHouse DJ's
and I are collapsing. This man is too much lol
if I can drag myself out of bed:). I might come say hi. More council later this afternoon too?
We'd be seeing a whole lotta archie today. Awesome. RT : What if it was Manning vs. Manning today? Oh the horror...
What would Phil Collins do?
We lost USA, Mexico, AND England all in one weekend... woeth me
RT : margherita pie and sierra nevada torpedo pint
I just heart them so hard!
You are gorgeous:D
Thanks for following Healing Unleashed
L!!! What have u been up too, miss ur face:-) still waiting on my slow lazy brother to send the purse. I'm stay on him
When i was younger and smoked in the house id turn the stove on and let a piece of meat burn making it smoky over powering the smell
"Ain't no sunshine when he's gone" But I know he's right to take these breaks
#ObamaFilms Why I hate America
Damn Yankees all original. Dan Barry's piece appeared in the NYTimes; Jane Leavy's will be in Sports Ill's baseball preview issue
And how could I forget ?! Easily the highlight of my day. Great to see you Ben. Don't be a stranger.
“My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.” ― Rumi
when are you coming home? <3 bacon
#moneyfromstrangers is the funniest show ever. I want to be on it
I am indeed the same, and you may also know my girlfriend, your fellow studio member, Melissa Kite.
Want to be instantly recognized on social networks? use the same avatar across all sites. Don't make them think, or worst miss finding you.
We know the feeling. That's why we built our site. We have quick fill scholarships/can match you with the scholarships that-
is that homeboy?!
Yo! What's everybody doing?! I need something to do?
ohh alright just making sure!
Check out the Minneapolis office's new YouTube channel: BrausseGroupUSA. Subscribe and keep checking in to see our inventory!
Stay. Please... I miss you.
don't worry you'll find one.. i'll help u XD!
ugh can't wait to play
One week in #sandiego and i gained 7lbs.
I going back to sleep in tears.
Boy am I happy to be at work!!!!
Huh? RT : James appears to have flaked out again
I have a class I have to take tonight....what about over thye weekend?
#FF unleashed crew! season finale Tuesday!
Being at my brothers lacrosse game makes me miss high school so bad! Those were the good ol' days
Read something from the past, and it still killed me inside..
haha dude I wondered the same thing. I also think the cookie monster will start pitching granola soon.
The "Earth" without "Art" is just "EH"
#civilwar FOTD. Abraham Lincoln toured the CSA White House during his visit to Richmond & met w/ Gen. Godfrey Weitzel in the house's library
The river hut is almost ready to go down for the summer!
Fever players get introduced on court during game 1. Big Baby Davis suddenly uninterested in whatever VanGundy is blabbing about. Nice work.
sendin prayers th@ your word will B a blessing 2 those who hear it 2nite blessings 2 U :)
oh its okay go ahead ! lol.
Glad you like it man! and I just got back from a Loon mountain ski getaway so dead, but well def be around soon bro
Mr Turnaround. Pffffft.
Look forward to it! Will have to start gathering supplies (and inspiration) now ;)
depends which jason terry shows up in the 4th qtr, but ill take the Mavs with the spread
Last tweet was number 3000 :O!!
A lady without a purse is a secret. Where is she keeping her love? POETRY BOOM
Congrats! MT looking forward to ushering first of 136 new clean diesel buses with tomorrow. 55 will arrive in 2012!
is going to answer questions tomorrow afternoon for our segment. What should we ask?
oh you go girl!
I feel healthier just after listening to talk about how amazing my garden can be this year. thanks for coming out guys!
they are the same thing... A story involving a father, son, and holy ghost...
And here's one for you: You put on a killer show tonight : )
hell yeah dude its like c'mon lol
If you "happen" across the 6 pack of steak knifes could you snag a set for me? They are cheap $3-4
Not even close #mayweather killed him
Steve's almost a master. Just a couple more minutes.
"I'm just saying." (I remember the blog on it, so true and funny!)
but next year imma be in high school!
For Dinner Me And My Dad Had Pizza And Macorni for dinner With Soda!!!! #YUMMY R U JELLY??
#SIB "Embracing complexity is part of the answer."
Not cool with "bro" situation in Ohio. So.. Let me hear Sweet Home Chicago people.
come see me!
well please let me know when you go next!!!
just finished my 1st week of Slim in 6 Start it Up & starting 1st 1 on 1 yoga with Erin Feeling good!!
RT : Kendrick Perkins went through the majority of shootaround today and is a game-time decision tonight against L.A.
Looking for REAL #friends on #Twitter -- found plenty that promise to #followback but never do - - wtf!
Watching Football (:
whatever, you always had a sub-par vocabulary
I got the Canon Powershot S100. I've taken 5 photos with it so far and already know that it is the best PnS Camera I've ever used.
The hottest tix in town! You're gonna love !"
Failing a test at the moment?
oh no probb just get something siccer related! (:
BTDubs, Cocky Pop is the name of my Nickleback cover band.
A personal opinion no matter how factual or bullshit it may be will always be food for thaught!
Don't be stressed! I'm sure you're almost done. Let us know if you need any help. We have a ton of scholarships on our website.
#NYCSportsReport: Washington Capitals VS. New York #NYRangers – Alexander Semin’s Wicked Goal – 2011 Stanley Cup Playoffs
On Fridays we like to have some fun around the office, so today we're having a James Bond marathon. 007 All Day.
Hope loved dem twizzlers
Have a god awful headache right before I am supposed to head out to Blackhawk... Hope it goes away quick.
having pita bread for dinner. You already know!
Oh no, that's all of them.
"Klout believes you are influential about Puppies, Chili, and Valve."
Whoa microwave popcorn
my 36th bday is next weekend
We watched it last night. Greatness! "Production value!!!"
You gotta keep pushing and following your dreams! Don't get discouraged over the obstacles you may face if it's destined for u then it's urs
Let me help you accesorize your outfit with #jewelry!
“: Bella32 #YAFEELME” don't get stabbed!
April showers in March. Daffodils startin g to fade back - tulips coming in strong (hundreds!) Will probably weed a little next week.
NOW I've made it!
and he did a cover of Austin's new song. It's even worse lol. But it's funny.
I just have to say this. The Dallas Cowboys are not going to win the #superbowl this season! Nostradumbass!!
Gnight myspace!! just got in the door and im beat.
quite impressed with the lack of hangover today!! :D.
#BolthouseFarms really bummed me out just now. Their Protein Plus drink contains milk but it's not listed anywhere except in tiny print.
Gonna try to break a world record this winter
Jingle Bells, yes tis the season to be jolly. Shouldn't we be happy all the way? The one horse open sled will take MB away. :)
Had a super brainstorm, yesterday, about #memento aggregator with
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there
wouldn't make it through work without you guys! Today was classic, keep it up!
Finally! Summer weather has come. In the 80s today. Hello sunshine!
we had to pause for fucking
Thank you so much for all the kind words!
Reading boring releases from numerous companies. Most corporations need to learn to tell a story. Always be interesting. Rule
Apparently not in Texas...crazy
earthwalls to lower fuel costs from heating and cooling, raise highways to allow wildlife to pass...
Don't get me wrong I luv the #KentuckyDerby & do not mind any races as long as the horses are treated with absolute luv, dignity & respect!!
"What are THEY thinking anyway?" a discussion series to promote civil discourse presents The League of Young Voters. Friday [6/10] at noon!
Come watch "The Perfect Vagina" documentary with us on ZenLive.tv lol
Woman, don't tell me when to go to bed. BTW, I'm doing my housing crap so I can't go to bed.
WTF! Seriously what the hell was that with a hell of a talent for 18yrs doing this?
There are so many circumstances out there that if we allow them to control us, we loose our joy. The answer is to choose our thoughts
Fenway park was amazing! Salem was scary, and watching Johnny English with on the train was funkin hilarious
www.W3schools.com <<<<
it's the official twitter page of me!!! Adal Robles.
A huge #bacardi truck just stopped in front of me, this is a sign I need a drink asap lol
Out of at least a total of 24750 bands of all genres on the global charts Rainline sits steady at 7,639. Not bad for a local rock band.
Hats off today to the bartenders working in the ballpark!
I almost just had a nigga moment at work in the office ...
Pass the paella! If you are going to be in #Napa April 22nd you don't want to miss DARE by Viader Releases & Paella.
PO PO POKER FACE PA PA PA
13 mins hardly worth getting upset about. nothing changed by it. Remember JoePa reports?
i did , but he didnt respond . oops . now tell roc i said hey boo
Check out www.uwbadgers.com for a great deal on your www.buckyslockerroom.com order. Hurry, offer ends at 12pm CST today!
I always wondered what it was like to run 12 miles in a cool shower. It wasn't pretty but it's done.
With loss #Mets will be 4-8 in last 12 games
Podcast feed?
RT : Big 12 Commissioner Dan Beebe will be on at 3:30 to discuss conference realignment. milehighsports.com
So , there was a fight ..
Hey when are we gonna go to the zoo again!? My pass is almost gonna expire! Haha
Trust me I know! I'm an elementary school teacher and my little Chloe is in kindergarten!
Orders are starting to pour in a little crazier than I thought.... which is good!
Special teams are killing
Of course the media is going to make everyone think that this decision is the equivalent of Dr. Paul dropping out. This is so aggravating.
RT : *Q3.* This one is for men (& ladies that shop for men!)- Which stores in Chicago carry the best mens clothing?
and my house is hot as hell.
