haha that's pretty standard. Yeah I didn't want to say hi...
Since the start of the phase-out of the incandescent lamp lighting design and technology are faced with completely new challenges.
“: killin it! He puts me in the best mood, no joke. Good dude!!”-Great seeing you and everyone last night!! :-)
RT : Whippy/Armijo Fire has been contained. Still waiting on final acreage and cause. Thank you Grant Co and USFS crews!...
Did the power just go out everywhere in town?
How acted this weekend <<<<<
I must be pumped for the game tonight, I had one of my best workouts this morning...I just couldn't stop running!
spring break! finalizing #MLA13 panel proposal, starting paper on David Mitchell for Novel Conference, then Library of Congress next week.
who do u think will come to Ky? How many more players do we need 4 next season! At least 3 right?
Wishing a speedy recovery to our neighbors in need & the families effected by Friday’s severe
kobe is sick😷 tgats why he not feeling it as good as he usually do
if you've ever been there Seattle is not the biggest sports town. Nothing like here
...Cont: Like for example matches like Alundra blayze vs Bull Nakano for the woman's championship belt?? Those were actually good!!
And insert Oscar comment here: ______. And here: ______.
Emily Disher giives us the skinny on the upcoming performance of the Paris Opera at Harris Theater. Check it out in our Summer 2011 issue!
you are beautiful, don't change too much
#foodjustice is the piece of the food movement I'm interested in the most!
Just introduced myself to every young woman on the train, but not one of them was ... My quest continues.
that gym you work at is amazing nothing like that ive seen before.
Learning a thing or 2 from the igoogle gadgets session at #il2009. My inst uses google apps for education. Now, would our students use them?
San Antonio: Breezy, humid and very warm. No rain next several days, some AM drizzle Friday. Today: AM clouds, m/sunny. high 89.
passed my math final! No more college algebra!!!! :D :D :D
So, if the employees at the City of SD have proven that managed comp is a waste of time, why didn't they save $1mill+ before managed comp?
Were u happy w wiki? Want smthng easy & flexible, but w shelf life. Also, where to draw line btwn local procedure and cat 101?
A Woman Says: if true love never dies, why is there so many divorces? I am just wondering!!!
Trance is seriously the most beautiful type of dance music. Amazing closing set
thanks, Brenda :(
Actually I was studying 4 a E.E. degree,when I did a speech on 7 ways the World "could end" when I first studied "Climate change"
Thanks!! RT : is doin it w/ her meatloaf muffins! Turkey and sweet potato YUM!
Im ready to see kid cudi :)
#AskPSanders favorite hat?
#3WordsForYou i love you.
see? just ignant (intentionally misspelled) lol
I love Chris <33
#tbt what are we honestly
Zimmermann again pitches into the 7th, gives up 3 earned and takes another loss. Run support?!?!
I've resorted to stalking you via twitter now. help me shoot a commercial tmw morning during your class?
:( We'll go see music this summer, then Toast!
on hold with trying to figure why my exchange is all confused....I just want my shoes!
Tim Green: Reading is weightlifting for your brain. 😃
has entered the red-wine-tv-slow-descent-into-naptime phase of the evening.
can i get a hold of that?
What’s your best trick to get you through Hump Day?
don't trip? White boy -- I mean Nick -- no.
Ha Ha Ha ~ Why, thank you! X
You got that right.Take back America
was great hearing you on Tavis Smiley's show...hearing you on the radio reminded me of you back in the day on 97Rock!
Who run the world? GIRLS!! Happy women's day ladies
I think is the way that I will go :)
with the paleo you might be right, but i assert it would work well with dim sum.
Honestly, nothing we found was scary enough. That, and a sissy viewing mate, made us flip it over to a rom com.
I love winning but i really Really hate losing
say Hello to my Kitty :)
Lori #Korpikoski is my homeboy.
so pumped for a new album by Springsteen, still the Boss
Science committee on fracas: "It has been misreported that the Committee turned away an accredited ABC News crew."
Life's really not fair.
thinkin' about releasing a short holiday inspired album in December.....thoughts?
Okay, yes. I love the Beach Boys and Brian Wilson's smile. Gah!
That would be cool
I can't take this long distance relationship anymore.. Fridge your coming to my bedroom ! c:
I am
My friend is such a flirt.omffffg.i can never hang out with guys with her.no matter what.omfffg.
Fixing Congress is not up to the President, it's up to "US". Help #POTUS fight for the 'progress' in PROGRESSIVE!
People respond better to friendly, casual messages rather than formal marketing talk.
Thanks for the opportunity to learn on set with you and the team at Sony Studios today!
UK back in recession. US would be too if budget hawks were in complete control in DC.
If a threesome is 3 people, and a twosome is 2 people, then I know why they call you handsome.
Keep calm and feel like you Just Cant Get Enough.
Dear guys, getting a lot of girls isn't something you should be proud of, Keeping one is!
I OFFICIALLY love the song Rocketeer (:
We're in the building. About to kick off our workshop at
I was there. But as you can see I'm a Twitter novice so just saw this. Sorry I missed you. See you for lunch.
did you know that your eyes are closed at least 30 minutes a day just from blinking ??!
except for the budging.
Go Gators, C'mon Gators, Getup and Go..Esp Pat!!:)
happy 420 for my Bottannical Blowers.. Death to you Dirt devils!!
I started the conversation with I'm going swimming every day must lose weight and ended it with I'm going to the store to get ice cream.
I spelled HILLS wrong? HEELS LOL
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
Thank you Staci. Gave a much needed boost!
Are you a user of the ATLA Religion Database? $25 and chance to win iPad for 45 min interv. at AARSBL. dm for details.
This is how magazines sell in America. Same crap over and over, with different packaging
so glad you tweeted this. just in time for my writing break!
oh yah! It's gonna be sweet.
are you a 9ers fan?
Hello Ingrid, thank you so much for the mention!
... and also the worldwide celebration of Intl Children's Day and #TEDxYouth Day .. Little Haiti Cultural Ctr at 6:30 pm
I commend the lady who is doing it! The logos so far have been fabulous.
I feel ur pain! Help me find this word: that cold pool of water on the floor when u first step in shower but water is hot.
#FYI #BeerDiplomacy returns on Jan 30 with a very special guest! Stay tuned! Feb. guests include: , & more!
cool! keep me posted, I'm happy to help with logistics...
She say she think I'm the realiest out, that makes 2 of us
Thank you! We have songs, we are just missing a couple members, but as soon as we have more members we will post a song
When I dream; I dream in color...As I live; I live like no other...Live your dreams & proud will be your mother! Happiness is Happy mothers!
How to Build Your MatchRate PLUS Business
I just joined in, but how do we know that the video wasn't staged?
Good season nuggetts its all good
kind of mind blowing, right?
It's just...unnatural
"this is a new beginning 4 me! I hope 2 wake up wit a NEW man" Get it bitch! U are a beautiful woman! Rock that confidence!
Sorry yall I haven't been good about updating my show schedule and such. I have a handful of new shows to add...eventually... :)
Research and Markets: Niobrara Shale Play
I still can't get tumblr to work grrrrrrr ill just have to keep trying to reinstall stuff because this is annoying
You're very right! Typo - "Sneak Peek :)"
u hear all the new Kanye? He is seriously making all these rappers turn they summer in. Dominating the airways
this just made my morning
Loving hubs for letting me nag him into shape. ;) His first 5k is this Sunday. Wish him luck!
Hi Bianca! Thanks for following!
Excited! The more I get, the more I write.
We are declaring that The Devil is a Liar today at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
Great choice! Hope you'll come by for a brew soon.
Momma you can take me home if you let the whole krew get on
that hurt a little lol but its true
Herman Miller chairs for all? Can I come work for you now? ;)
Oh, that would be no good! Charity, can I ask you to follow me :)? I can't reply to the message you sent.
Great day to get things done!
Remember complimentary champagne and entry for ladies until midnight. Get there early!
hey i uh miss u
dammit i just woke with #MorningWood ....i wish i did'nt drag that #stripper down the street to my neighbors lawn last night
i think a bacon brunch on a sat or sun would be pretty awesome... bacon mimosas anyone? i'm sure you could make them tasty!
It's dinner time! I'm hungry for the sampler platter at 50's PT Cafe! What about you? What's your favorite restaurant at Hollywood Studios?
Jericho Sends Painful Message to Punk!
Gag. I don't completely hate her you know, she just doesn't appeal to me.
Got my first pair of Tom's today - can't wait to sport them while exploring Paris! LOVE this organization!
Damn, I was trying not to be noticed LOL
And then i decide to go another way and a train is on tracks. I don't remember the last time i saw one of these things
Congrats! What a great and well deserved honor! Looking forward to your selections.
Hi Steve...things are better but not great. Have to have more tests done for pain that has been occurring post surgery.
Good game Rudy Gay
I'll keep you posted if I have to get a new handle for Hope all is well and thanks again for the nice words
Get those essays ready, photos taken & recommendation writers lined up! Scholarship applications begin Jan1 collegefund.org/scholarships
I can't wait to be off work already.
Dempsey was diagnosed as dyslexic at a young age, and although he attended the local high school, he dropped out before graduating.
Thanks for RT'ing! :)
Yeah Hallmark is supposed to be, its just they are being corporate greedy and demanding more money from my cable company.
how bout NUTS!
They be cracking me up on the half time show on TNT Bo Bop it's a rhythm,lol
Late Night Snack Kashi Chicken Rustico Pocket Bread Sandwich (wow, I totally forgot, you have to try this, so good!), Poland Spring Water
my dude..illbe there for sure
Panel on state financing of services to Texans with Special Need at the #TexasLyceum meeting. Special thanks to State Rep Lois Kolkhorst.
And thanks for adding the topic, too. Couldn't do without caffeine. :)
The awkward moment when were sat in a&e and me and mum start crying over sport relief on tv.. :')
So you're gone and i'm haunted, and i bet you're doing just fine.
I'm sorry, I just really like Tony Manero.
<333333333333333333333333333433333333333333333333333333 beat you
Don't trust either party 2 tell U truth. Have to dig out yourself. Truth lies somewhere between DEM & GOP soundbites! Verify before trust!
Jorts & cutoff USA tshirt, check. Sockless untied boots, check. Trucker hat, check. 24 Buds that won't be shared w/ ANYONE, check. USA! USA!
Many awesome things to announce in the coming days - stay tuned!
Not Afraid to Fail....Believing You Can Succeed!
omfg Chase and Zoey were just meant to be, I shipped them so hard
when will you finally be back on O&A? Did something happen that they don't have you back?
Agreed. I will watch it almost solely for this reason!
now I'm tripping gone an fuckem like u said rap dat
yummy..nothing like the smell of spilled pepto
I get it. I'm a bad texter. Get over it.
going to the anderson project tonight!!
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet and having -1 characters left,and then having to decide which grammar crime to commit
Hey, National Geographic put Pittsburgh on the Best of the World list! That's one list I've never heard of, but I'm glad we're there!
I agree Randy deserved it
She says I am horrible at sex. I say I'm EXTREMELY good at dry-humping.
Thanks, Mon! Getting real-world experience is like taking a laxative... you're much less likely to be full of sh*t.
We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen. -Calvin Coolidge
Just saw someone's LinkedIn profile listed their education as "Management BS". Well, at least they're honest.
I just got done watching and hearing Seether do Remendy live. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
My body aches! Pls flu, don't visit me :(
this weather is ridiculous!
Malibu for the day
OH: WHOS YOUR DAUGHTER??
Baha ok so when I just typed Baha my iPod changed it to Bahamas hahaha! And I'll share my snacks with you!!
the one and only ;) sexiest follower of them all is obs
lol thank you
Big congrats Calvert!!
what is that thing? dinner?
Thanks for the gift! I'm going to save it for my shift drink this Saturday Cheers my friend!
Living young and wild and free <3
I wouldn't be surprised by anything, I think. We're solid all around so I think doing a true BPA would be fun
Great Horned Owl in the lookout tree at dawn. So silent as he flies away into the pines.
My #dog ate my homework... I mean my computer charger :(
Clear eyes, full hearts, CAN'T LOOSE!
looking for a Sr. Digital Producer - NYC
Happy Mother's Day mama's!!
Anyone get a chance to check out Diablo 3? Is it awesome!? I'm sure it's awesome..
It's amazing what good a little run will do for you!
no I never got it
Can we try that again soon? I seriously miss/missed out on all that lovin'!
You always make my day like no lie!!(:
You are too kind, Patrick. What are you working on?
there used to several in the Independence Park area. Only BB is left standing I think. Maybe Video City is still on Lk Otis?
Neither will we! RT : RT : Happy to see great progress made. We won’t stop until #JLWOP is a thing of the past.
A buddy
Thanks!! RT this skirt is perfect !! I love the leather detail with the zip!!cc
Thank God for his traveling mercies. On to Miami later this evening.
I have heard police sirens at least 3 times tonight... #whatisgoingon!?
Def gunna be voting for in the final!
OUCH!!! says #45 on white
There's a box in my van with a bag of chips and a bunch of tortillas. Yeah, I'm snackin' tonight and ganking some Mexican turtle shells.
going for a long run and then either going up to eat lunch with the boy and then going to American Apparel because they are going bankrupt!
I'm Israeli. My grandmother and Father live in Jerusalem. My loyalty and allegiance is to Israel. It's security is of my highest concerns.
try drinking some honey. with hot water.
Problems with chords, melody, or lyrics? -take a break -start another song -call a co-writer -reverse chorus chords
Oh Del Ray Saturday mornings, I'll miss you! Farmer's market, St. Elmo's, and yes I even treated myself to Dairy Godmother at noon!
« IOS 5; one step closer to an Android.»
MIND BLOWN!
RT : The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge, but Imagination! ~ Albert Einstein
Back to the show. 888-640-9385 to chime in on the Fins, Heat, Marlins and whatever topics that are on your mind.
oh, and thankyou for tweeting Austin my photo :') ♥
The #ACMs are trying to change country's image: In Vegas with appearances by KISS, Ashton Kutcher, Steve Martin and more??
kiddo's birthday. I'll be eating cake. Don't be too upset.
i'm pretty sure i just said they havent been on me.
Fire in tower at Dallas Love Field. Trying to go home!
New brakes. Whoa Nelly.
Wanna know why you get no girls? Because you call girls bitches&ho's. Show some respect and you might get somewhere.
Thank god for my physical therpist
FOR ART. but you're totally right... only in rome :)
I just had an epiphany
gifboom is so cool!!! Ha
I have really slow internet at The Biggest Week. Trying to do a blog post, but it keeps stalling out.
SO LETS SEE WHAT THE CLIPPERS GO DO.
Happy hour starts at 5 and goes until 9; 2-4-1 Taps, rails, and Domestics. We have quality beer on tap, including !
A woman that appreciates a workin man >>>>
no pain no gain I guess “: it always hurts worse two days after. If you're not sore you need to change it up.”
Unless I want to read a Nora Roberts book. Which I don't.
it's the minimum!!!
Wine Word of the Week-- Weighty: well-structured/balanced wines with an implication of mildly excessive flavour or heaviness
Weight loss challenge $$$! It pays to lose weight!
Renaissance Hotels Opens First Hotel In Pearl River Delta
Cutler being a crybaby? Shocking! RT : I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs. Vandy had no answer for you
At #turfindy with
I guess one good thing about this cold weather is that it's pretty motivational! Love all this editing going on
Off to to see perform the new Terry Riley violin concerto. Very exciting!! I hear Terry will be there. Go!!
its gonna be fun!!!! :D
NO WAY!!! Headed there now :(
I'm listening to country music all weekend.... But I'm not enjoying it.
It's Finally Friday! What will you be mixing up when the clock strikes 5?
God is faithful when we are not. When we feel like giving up He never gives up on us.
So annoyed at spell correction for VianadoCastelo, previous tweet.
It's going down at Delmar!!! Sunday, Nov 20th, Celebrity game in #htown Doors open at 3, get there
Sick day 3. Flu, you're an asshole. :(
Chloe will loose another life, Brians gonna be "What the hell?" Alek saves the day!! While hating Chloe for loving her human.
So y'all just gon watch him shoot dat huh ?....cool.
I'll do anything to incorporate Prince-ly purple into my work/life
My calendar is insane today. I'm exhausted just looking at it!
So #overit it's fuckin ridiculous
Gonna go get my sweat on!
If you are in Pacific Beach, La we offer a free estimate for all your locksmith needs. Get professional locksmith services, at affordable
WTF is this KickTV halftime show on Live? I'd literally rather watch a goddamn blank screen for the break.
Sitting in a technical meeting that's informatative, but definitely a PWAMBA (Presentation With A Million Billion Acronyms).
RT : Strange reasons people use to call in sick: Got my toe caught in a vent cover.
I have the knees of a 60 year old man.
Shift happens. Gomes is robbed.
I believe the correct term is American
Gah, that's a tough blow for the Bulls. Going to have to see how far their depth can get them...bummer for Rose.
sending in a message.
Um, my son just told me I should be on the Biggest Loser. I don't know how to respond...
I wish we could lay under the stars and just talk for hours (:
100 followers! Keep it up! :) <3
Pau Gasol looks like Prince playing ball on Dave Chappel;
go out , just go out
Late to the party but loving "A Visit From the Goon Squad." A novel of nodes. Also made me put "Imagine" on my own list.
Not going to lie, I missed all three homers.
Last call at #bttr! 30 more minutes to get your ice cream sammies. Don't procrastinate!
how is 7 pm for dinner Tuesday? I'll make a reservation just to be safe.
My Encyclopedia of #ClassicalMusic tries to #keepitappropriate by referring to #Rach3 as "pyrotechnic". lol
Taking the kids back to school shopping tonight, then home by 7 to watch Big Brother 11
lol, bitch shut up we don't care!
Matt it was an awesome shoot. Keep me updated about the release!! Thanks so much!
“: RT : How drunk is ABBA drunk? | There’s not enough beer in the whole world.”// Hee hee....
B.I.L.F. of the day is up! Go check out our Boobs I'd Like To Fondle, wsupfl.com keyword "BILF"!!!
Looking to attract sponsors to support our growth Our momentum is carrying us towards becoming the next Oprah's book club.
No, looks like he installed a while ago. I just didn't notice much on my floor til now.
Looking forward to seeing some of regulars tonight and some new faces too for dinner at Amici's! Prossimo pranzi con noi!
If that is true, wouldn't that mean we should just celebrate "American Music", instead of Black American Music? To be holistic?
I burned my finger. Omfg ow.
when talking to someone and then they stop replying and then ask why you didnt txtback
We as blk ppl hav 2 protect our kids frm the cops and the criminals. And now the community patrol. RIP
#FF my wife RT "honey - I need to return these organs? me: human organs? #lifeofamedstudent #wifeofamedstudent”
Ewwww i just saw this lady with hairy legs at the airport...hasn't she heard of shaving/waxing?
Congratulations to Tim Nguyen for winning a FREE conference pass to San Diego Music & Technology Conference!!!
thanks for the love
I'm covering my hardwood floors in this fancy varnish called beer
Thanks for meeting with Steven and I today. Look forward to showing you our wines! (and Tequila.)
Focus on what sets you apart from your competition and learn how to communicate it to your clients-your USP.
Yea but it takes alot to do! your a great person<3
Words cannot describe how I feel about you because I don't feel anything about you.
haha same here...
Sweet! Take good care of them as always!
I definitely get less points than you two. At least I was home sick.
Do It!! Swag
Ok, fair enough! All is well now, correct?
I am and sitting next to my dad at the Badger/Sparty hoops game. He says hello!
so impatient -_____-
I miss you too! I'm in NYC and then you & Chris are coming out? Maybe end of May? :)
I'm tweeting. I hope you're happy
Still time to vote! Polls close @ 8pm...
Lovely image: RT The purple martins are back, fluttering over white half moon this morning in Fuji farm north of Princeton...
Live music with Kelly Riley starts in 1 hour.... Come see us!!
Bitch you wasn't wit me #deemolishing jeans 😂
I love you all.
Thank you for the follow :D Could you actually follow this sweetheart? ...He's the reason I'm here right now <3
I am Capitol H to the U N G R to the mothaf**kin Y!!!!!!!
i love
Al Green is performing.
we were shinin like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show
Make it a great day!!
follow me back gurl
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com.....
When bored on a Saturday afternoon, pop in #Sex&TheCity dvd Season 3. I've always loved Aiden 4 Carrie! ;)
How much do I love this blog format of yours? Very much. I can just flip and weep, flip and weep. xox
Big ass house to myself, no one here, all weekend,...# EVERY TEENAGER'S DREAM
I'm missing the very last episode of #DesperateHousewives to watch the finale of #Survivor I really need to get my priorities straight ...
Hey I saw you in the Hillywood show Twilight Parodys! You were amazing! :D
= Cheney heart transplant is like putting a new tire on a car in a junk yard
Good luck with the music video shoot! :)
RT : Are city workers pilfering city gas pumps?? The answer may surprise you.. the story tonight at 10
omg my good man you my friend r stunning xD
Just started all peppers and eggplants. Summer flowers are growing. The bliss of winter....
Twitter recluse misses you too
Hey DK Residents! How have you gotten involved in greatness this week? Respond to enter a prize drawing?
Ain't nobody got time fadat!!! **Sweet Brown voice**
fuck my life. seriously.
I paid more attention to the #puppybowl today, still pissed the aren't playing
“: cash gets bad bitches bahaha”
Same deal. Minneapolis Lakers moved west!
Competent vs Cool. . . I'll take competent every day.
Remember our promotion this week is a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich. Remind all your friends to follow us or like us on fb.
George Zimmerman
HEHEHEH! muhahahahha! thats payback for all the times you killed me
umm I think imma pass on that tonight.
Amazing. I love the word scrambles: Unscramble these mixed-up words: cilhd entcered mraketing
"The only reward of virtue is virtue; the only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wait, so is MySlice wrong, or are there seats still available in 613? Accidentally signed up for online instead of your section!
Why the fuck would people want "JustinCrew" ta follow them. JUSTIN BEIBER IS GAY AF!!!!!!
We have a fan from Georgia, and NOT the Peach State! Uncle Jim going global!!
I knew all along
First and foremost I have to worry about myself. I'm the only one that always has my best interest in mind.
Some people dream of success...while others wake up and work hard at it. ~author unknown
I'm sitting here and thinking, "Why."
My phone needs to stop ringing. Fuck everyone who keeps calling me.
I'm half black but both sides were slaves :P apparently both sides had fun bending over being bitches.
honestly, it blew my mind.
I'm a little short on time tomorrow night, but will certainly try to come out for a bit.
Sigh. Handsome and a do-gooder. Get ready for our #GeorgeClooney feature in this Sunday's Just read the proofs today.
"Just because you fail, doesn't make you a failure."
So i was walking down the street and i saw a poster that said stay beutiful. <3 i fell inlove with it. ~Summer <3~
I am pleased and honored to be awarded The MacDowell Colony Fellowship
Congrats Giants!!!!!
FTW No snowmageddon in Chicago this year
Boosie's new single is going to be called soap me down.
Yes Milo! You should!
#Bulls aint playing no games
Last day to enter our Twitter and Facebook contest! Enter by following us and tweet 'I love .Winner chosen Monday...
Buon giorno puccettari !!!! We open at eleven ... Deliveries ... Happy hours tonight .... Open mic .... A lot of stuff ... It's a great day
go if you have someone to watch the kids. Hope everything turns out ok!
mau, if u follow me ill make a video of me doing something stupid in public that'll gain u followers.
Off to to cook up some delicious food with Hope to see you there :)
It's Beautiful outside, take advantage of this lovely weather
Thanks! I'd love to do tacos soon, although I can't actually eat Jesus's tacos just now. Boo. Some kind of food, though!
Thanks! I've been looking forward to it but especially so after this week!
I need to schedule some more tweets. :D
ru f/ckin kiddin? >:O is who he is and nobody else can be the "next psanders".
I have a major jealousy problem..
The shitter's full !! Have you checked our shitter !!!
If you end up w/one after *all* attendees have had the opportunity... would love. Very nice work!
Will there ever be an end to music?
duh I meant you're comin June 16th until......
pure jealousy is rarely attractive.
Auditor can educate public on that very question - like what Sec of State does on elections or Treasurer on personal finance
Am. Idol time. I must be really bored bc I haven't watched since Jordan Sparks won it.
You left without saying goodbye?!?
... no, we didn't. So I'm not even sure why he jumped in to our convo when we wern't talking to him?
Don't forget to sign up for Cypher Sessionz with on Friday Oct. 7th 9:30pm - until. Ages 8 &up. $15! Every 1st Friday!!!
She dreamed of para para paradise.
Head to the farm!
Just got offered ray bans for 15 dollars......
ok.. talk later.
Dear Aspiring Author: Please employ sentence fragments sparingly. Very sparingly. Thank you.
Just heard a diamond advertisement where they claimed to "pay premium prices" for their inventory
today is just not my day
we just started back talkin so when would I have a chance to woman
"peeta is that you."
He is very squishy, isn't he?
At the Marquette game vs Villanova - the first of many tough Big East games... Hoping for a win!
Bon Voyage in the real clouds, news from the Web 2.0 show is there's a great vibe and energy in the air, should be interesting
was just as surprised as u were. So open about it!
Go down a water slide while it isn't wet and you'll understand why foreplay is so important ;) x
a Tony Dungy here & a Merrill Hoge there saying RG3 > Luck. Aaron Schatz is hinting now too. Curious to see if/how much this debate picks up
RT It's been 4 months since I wrote to Whole Foods about a chunk of glass in my takeout salad and cut mouth. Awful,
Whats up with this new fad? People carrying their dog in strollers?! Really??
By the way #furioushotmess is my new favorite hashtag.
Just bought a Selena & The Scene ringtone for when my wife calls. I'm pretty much a 14 yr. old girl now.
I'll try to convince them to drive haha
Wish I could Bill & Ted's teleport my way to Vegas today, dont feel like driving, dont feel like flying
birthday rockets!
It'll be an honor to have you in the audience dude! cc
OH SHIT!!! I just accidentally dropped that Thun Thun. Hate it when that happens.
Talk To Fans? Please(:
Sometimes I wish I was more naive, because It's more comforting to see more lambs than lions in this world
Woah follows me 16 hours ago on a Tuesday
If I could stay in bed and watch movies all day, I would. But, alas, off to Joe's. Come in on this rainy day with yo $$$.
haha yeah yeah…you are a female and brown… drama central lmfao
It's not what you know, It's who you know.
yep plus it's Friday so drinking is okay after 4pm
you are welcome.
Sometimes I wish that I was living in the 90's again, when MTV was all about playing music and less about the guidos and pregnant teens!
Ugly Meter is funny but I think ull love ScanMan when it comes out. Let me know if ure interested, I can send you a promo code!
happy to hear what good company I am in. My photography is there as well. Miss you at Juxt!
Its some good female talent out here!!!!!
I need a little more of in my cup Ol southern 🇫🇷 ass
Albon: protect your users! Anonymize data, let users know what their data is used for, is it anonymous? how anonymous? Risks?
. I used to name characters in grade school creative writing after Jack Tramiel. RIP. Run/Stop+Restore.
I don't know. Way to ruin my lunch, Mike. LOL
I need something to do..
We playing w/ liquor @ my bday RT I made up a game called ultimate uno and you just play w 14 cards instead of 7. Shit gets intense
Good Morning Tweeters! <3 FoLLoW Me , I AlwAyZ FoLLoW BaCk!! XoXoXoXo
Welcome to our society. You will be judged on what you wear, your taste in music, what you look like, and how you act. Enjoy your stay.
Please RT benefit Saturday 9/17 11 am American legion on kelly st. Todd Allen Herendeen will be there :) doing a new single
just saw GraceCard for 1st time..your performance was powerful and brought me to tears. Well done brother.
Today I earned my 1,000 Mile Lifetime Fitness Badge!!
Not to mention I'm lowkey paranoid...
likemind is today all over the world, and in Chicago in 90 minutes at Argo Tea @ Adams & Dearborn!
honey badger?
": #NoRespect for you if ya favorite rapper is Gucci"
uh he dif
STILL trying to fix the infected computer.. the new variant of virtuamonde is a bitch!
you can tell how bad a short film or music vid will be by the presence of credits before and after it. amateurs love credits
he gave it to himself!
Great Quote!
Way to ruin a lead rangers ugh ugh!! At least were going back to NY lets go!!
We go from 4pm - 2am, but holograms *do* get free admission, so it's not a bad idea ;)
I'm just gonna do this every Friday.
It's the same one he owned with the Brewers, pray to hell they hit it at somebody when he loads the bases.
Riley you are doing such cool things! In your words "Yeess"! lol.
"If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse"-Henry Ford /proof that market research isn't always helpful
Happy New Year all in Blighty! #HappyNewYear!
What's going on tonight MKE? Where are YOU going?
when I miss my baby, I really miss her. I don't just tell her I miss her to satisfy her...that's weak!
Much more to tell, but I should save it for the CHE. A followup to "Twitter is Scholarship."
What matters? It all matters. No limits.
sorry I didn't realize you and your little GCF was the only perfect thing on here.
Great Way To End School!!!
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
lol i loved science xD i guess i was a little geek
Thank you. We appreciate the honest feedback. Will pass this along to Chef Tai.
u never done , Son
maybe someday:)
Crafting away... finished my quilt and now making cute little hearts. You can never have too much love!
Exactly. I used to put a sign on the door to our upper asking that people not ring the bell.
Try Texas?(:
I have to commend for using #socialmedia effectively to restore their brand's integrity and customer's trust today.
); I'm so sad. I wasn't near my iPod or anything to alert me on twitter.</3 wahh
Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with the Cultural Center and the Los Piratas Ensemble! There will be a fun and festive dinner served in the...
Goof wow good
Stunning. - "at least a few people ... around the league who believe last year’s draft may ... be better than this draft."
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they never quit ~C.Hilton
Rainin like shit cold as shit and I'm workin WTH...... Bout to go hit me something!!!
Thanks for the follow! How did you find me? #Music interests?
OKC LIVE TRIVIA :30 TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks - $9 bucket of domestics with checkin and $5 drink specials!
Thanks a mil! We'll take it :)
you're welcome. Yours too. Will do.
"A poet can survive everything but a misprint." ~ Oscar Wilde... HAPPY WEEKEND ☀ Go light a fire under your feet. ;)
At this point if people are whining there is no hope for them.
Omer got a big ass slavery scratch on his arm, WTF
Nothing like a bad black and white cookie to end a trip to New York and back in one day.
how did Ishtar do? im thinking about seeing it, want to know if the box office report came back on it
Grow a beard, put on some flannel and buy a chainsaw. Oh yeah and put in some Skoal, brother - it'll work it's way back to u.
count me in!
hey! I'm really into orangey-reds for spring. Grape purple, turquoise and neons are also popular. Love peach sherbet too!
High school student develops possible cancer cure! calif-hs-student-devises-possible-cancer-cure
Bball anyone? - Anyone a Bball fan?
Regardless of which version of the origin one believes, it seems the day is here 2 stay. Money talks/BS walks. Maybe. Happy Valentine's Day.
Airfare to Glasgow for less than a grand.Its a one way ticket but I wouldnt mind staying. Plan B: rent boats from UEC
That's Right... PATS AL DAY!!! They gonna drop a MOAB on the Giants
Cassoulet didn't stand a chance. M good @ hot chocolate.
yah I like to go to the theme parks to I love rollarcoasters
RT : Ever had a yummy Terra Chip or used a Method cleaning product? Check thisout: People who quit their real jobs:...
please explain what judas is about to you?
I am holding back on a Gabby Giffords joke...
“: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.”
Glad you find FeedForall a useful generator! Let me know if you have any questions
A woman without curves is like jeans without pockets.. You don't know where to put your hands.(;
The spreadsheet you posted on the SB google group rocked my world. Do you happen to have an updated version? :)
I was expecting another outfit...
Please ntice me!!
omg me either!
I hope I can start moving today. I don't think anyone has ever said that before.
Beer tasting this morning. We sure I will.
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
whats going on!
Ah Love that one too!
Oh Monday.
I think 50 got Beiber stoned in the locker room
good practice this morning ....witnessed md get W ....that's everything for today!
I followed them ^.^
don't worry I'm alive and well
#ctctfb. Cover image- must represent your business and profile picture-must be your logo.
we now are connected in MULTIPLE ways.
Cool. I like professors!
You are quite the dupont bar hopper tonight! Thanks for inviting me biatch.
They so fucking irritating ...!!!!
yea.. he did a great job.
alright cool. where are we going?
Did you delete your tumblr?
Booker T wrote on Twitter that he is now undergoing training and asked his fans to wait for his return.
RT I hope the Tigers don't turn into the bosux. That will not happen!!
"make child quiet prease."
Actually, I think I was unclear. ;-)
#Linsanity is real! I just tuned in to watch the Thats gotta be the first time in this millennium
The plan was to drink until the pain was over. But what’s worse? The pain? Or the hangover?
one word... Bingo
Japanese skater Yuzuru Hanyo skated his free skate to Romeo and Juliet music. So beautiful.
To begin, begin.- Peter Nivio Zarlenga----I LOVE this...you have to start sometime so just START or you will never reach your goals!
When is someone going to hold Tracy accountable for TERRIBLE mgmt of pitching staff? RT : #Dodgers 3, #Rockies 2. 2-run 2B
Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life
Is it wrong that I feel personal pride at just how badly Avengers beat Dark Shadows?
hey there! how are you?
We're thankful for you and your family being a part of High Point Church.
my girl got a twitter lol
Stupid Movie....wasted time of my life... wouldnt you agree???
RT : Lets talk about how awesome Discordance Axis "Flow My Tears The Policeman Said" is!
Love watchin' my wife's face when is singing. We just can't get enough of you guys. You guys are fantastic!
I got my sweats and my favorite shirt on so I'm ready for school :)! #school #friday :)!
Tired of Bitches...
Maryland Court Unleashes Canine Profiling - Bay Net
done with that spanish project. thank god.
i love it. the breitbart wankers are upset there were only 4 eyewitnesses to romney's bullying, not 5.
let's go they starting to go big.. Let's go don't disapoint me yal aha
It is 19 degrees in Ohio today. 65 and sunny in SF. So why isn't my family coming here to visit me instead...?
How did we get through the week without you??? Great to have you back!
Thank you to the culinary arts students at CATEC for the delicious meal!
Oh, come on, it's only 1:30 in your TZ. ;-) Can't apologize for being Western, though. It's where I'll probably always be (& Tokyo)
hi all, follow this great Yankees blog!
What exactly is in Chai Tea that has a calming affect on me and makes me feel better?
Librarians can watch idea and trend developments and contribute valuable sources while making contacts with their "customers." Win-win!
Do u want that BRAND NEW SHINE back on your old jewelry? Let me REFINISH & POLISH to it's original shine! $20 per piece! 206-786-8698
u are messy (and I love it) : -
Just tapped, Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA (replaces Port Brewing Shark Attack Double Red Ale)
I ONLY do long term relationship
F$ cold. April fool's joke from Mother Nature.
Have you ever asked God for something and didn't expect to get it? That's why you didn't get it
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
LITERALLY YOU ARE THE LUCKIEST PERSON EVER.
Can't wait to see you in PDX. Last time I was @ Hawthorne it was for Ghost, killer show.
Good job! It was good!! ;)
Did you pull any pranks on anybody today?
hey sean your right! english teacher swag right there
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. by~ Will Rogers
Nieuwenhuis. Say that 3 times quickly. New Mets CF.
Tim, No question RT : Your choice of future HOF power forwards, RIGHT NOW on your team who you taking, K. Garnett or T. Duncan?
S/O to my new followers, y'all dropped in just in time, stay tuned in, Haan...
Just finished my Planet Sub Hat Trick special for dinner. Thanks !
is trying to figure out why she would want to twitter
Great! I look forward to connecting with her! Hope you're doing well and coming through the winter in good shape!
dont let me get me
how was Costa Rica?
RT : Classy. Amazon keeps giving me more and more reasons to appreciate the real, live booksellers I know!
can't belive ppl are swimming! The water is too cold. look story from
you are accountable you are dependable and #itrust you lord with my heart with my life
That moment when u hit speaker instead of mute #Busted lol
Thank you! So happy they let me share the summary. Been waiting to be able to talk about it! :D
My chains fell off my heart was free. I'm alive to live for you!
I hope God has a radio because I will be listening to 11:11 even AFTER I die :)
<wave> from Drupalcon
First Take is going to be wild tomorrow
LOVE ME.
looking at the radar looks bad hope you folks are safe.
violin concert at school. 24th is out. Could do 23rd. 12:30ish?
Got to flow like water.. Quick change of strategy
$2.00Tuesdays Elevated Lounge.ALL drafts:$2.00. 25 cent hot wings and FREE pool w/purchase of any reg. menu item.Late nite w/12Tribe
is back home safe and I got him McDonalds
Happy Birthday! <3
Glad to make the connection:
Want you to think about what you lost
Dear tall man with the brown beard and styled hair - I think I love you.
Last day of class today. Good luck, grads! You are off on a great adventure.
Also a line for the bathroom at Lucas Oil Stadium.
This should be interesting.
Hey Ash! Yeah, I'm recording and interviewing them Sunday. Going to play it back on XPN2 a week later Sept. 18th.
WHERES MY CHILD SUPPORT ?! You told me I was the one ! You said youd take care of me! Bahah !(: your GRAND and iloveyou(:
I be so childish because ive never experienced being a child , ive had hella responsibility to live up to since I was 8 str8 up . PERIOD !
Everyone is talking about this "Fight" I'm not into that kind of stuff soo yeah go luck to both Boxers.. or whatever they are called I guess
- Come out to party with us - Friday, April 6th. It's gonna be so much fun!
Avery Eighteen on tap Tasty! Lots of complex Belgian yeast character.
Just ate 1/2 tsp or so of ricotta forte and, whew, that is some powerful cheese. Now I'm wondering how we'll ever get through a whole jar.
Thx for the follow, followed you back 
True belief in yourself + hard work = success
yeah its all in the past. Lol I had my moments aswell but yeah its all good haha
IDA's helped New Mexicans are entering colleges, universities and vocational schools and increasing the skills of the workforce.
Gosh, I hate a twitchy eye.. the old fart thinks I'm winking at him.
I'm right with you on that one
#NowWatching Human Centipede 2... Let's see how much this one sucks
Chris Bosh is out...wow!
~lmao I was talking about chris brown!
Great run this weekend for my play The Importance of Being Earnest! Looking forward to it again this Thurs-Sun 8pm, The Underground Theater!
Who's going to The Ready Set concert? This girl right here. C: XD :D
...well color me hungry! Teriyaki Burger, fries and a coke please! Anyone want to join me at the chef's table?
Happiness is takin' care of mom in her old age!
No one has ever debated that
I'd prefer Tito's Vodka. Just sayin'... Oh, you mean CJs mom. Nevermind...
I am the Equal Voice reporter. Looking forward to your tweets & photos today!
The special needs bus is picking me up at 7:05 tomorrow morning; school starts at eight thirty.
what'd you think of one of my QPR faves?
Is anyone up right now or am I the only rediculous one who is?
Cuddling in my bed all day has been so productive
How did Firefox go from the fastest, coolest browser to the dead-last slowest? I had to switch to Chrome.
you're destroying your future political career with statements like this...remember, your family was an immigrant too once.
QOTD "who has $800 for an abortion these days?"
has advocated for the Clean Energy Jobs Act. Not taking a vote on the act was a mistake.
Ready for the #Reds to rock the #Bucs tonight, and going to see the #A squads tomorrow night in #Indy. Anyone else going to #VicField Sat?
“: Boy: I really like you. Girl: Cool story bro, how many other girls did you tell that to?” Well said.
Adding a plot issue to our outline
#SwaggFAIL when you use the word "swaggie"
I follow this twitter account for updates re: the UW Surplus store. If you want to voice your opinions, start a personal account.
why is a lens cap like $13? ugh i lost mine);
Happy Birthday 😃
IM me at
a heart and a soul. I would never toy with someone's feelings. I wish you well and you know who you are. good luck. one day you will meet
Enjoy $3.50 Stoli Mixers and $5 Specialty Martinis along with some Live Music from 7:22 to Close. DON'T MISS OUT
I need to sleep... The sun awaits my rise...
Can't wait for Saturday!!....L.A.X. nightclub
so much Flogging Molly right now
Whole family loved us some #avengers today, then engaged in vigorous debate to determine best one. #nerdsummer off to good start!
Thanks, Bill. No hardware this weekend. Tough field.
Looking forward to Necessary Errors!
2 for 1 Hash Caps on this snowy Thursday at The Clinic!!
God sees ALL of the stuff that you have done: good & bad. Guess what? You are not damaged goods. You are worth saving. Choose Jesus.
Journalist from #HoumaCourier interviewed me this morning about reality shows set Louisiana. Found me by Googling "Professor Swamp People."
My Take: Gays are coming out on TV. Christians are, too: With regard to the food laws, God only says, "These foods shall be an abomin...
<~~believes nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending
But jst to let you know my BestFriend Devin is on my profile somehow & hes tweetin that fuck shit its not me!.
went to a killer venue lastnight at the Hawethorne. a bunch of great bands!!
obviously didn't actually click the link In my post lol
don't answer that, that's what's wrong with the internet.
I remember all y'all..
The have come to play for Tuukka Rask tonight, just like the 99 #RedSox did for Pedro Martinez. Fear The Bear!!!!
THANK YOU & host for a great #artsmgtchat. What great energy :) Have a good weekend everyone!
On our way to see Simon Morris and the (unaffiliated) Freud Explosion at Segue.
I will need u to grab the razors from Sally's today
I was about 140 shy of 300 - but it has been at least a year since I've rolled a bowling ball.
tiring -____- yours?
Congrats! Kelly Kovack Thank you to for the gold award for our design work on
Dark Shadows has to be the weirdest movie I have ever seen. 😳😖
OMG! I cannot believe I am sick for Christmas. What the hell!
Kidding :D
pulled pork sandwiches today!
Should I start Cam Newton or Matt Ryan? It's the Super Bowl today, don't mess this up for me.
you have never voted in louisianna have u not even to the turn of the century yet #1900's
how much were they? :3
“ “ Kristen Stewart: 18 movies. 1 facial expression.””
From you, anytime
are you serious your lucky thats gonna be even better i hope you have a great time
Yes! Just did a Breaking Bad marathon - have you seen it? I'll stay silent on the Killing - let me know what you think!
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! Come Purchase Your Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Havent had a chance for breakfast yet...guess ill be going straight to lunch...dont know what yet though...lol :-)
a/c in the car but i still ride with that heaty
I mean, if you're working at Wal Mart, you owe it to yourself to have some fun.
will miss you kid!
You got that right and a wine cork opener too": She keeps koozies in her purse. #shesakeeper"
i can't even dress myself now. she's *so* perfect for me.
Thanks mom. For always encouraging and pushing me. I can't tell you how blessed I am to have you.
lol I love her! She's hilarious
2mi @ 8:27/mi. Not too bad considering my two-month layoff.
Spanish class sucks..
lol...I have one waiting for you!
Remember that your child may be confused or upset by an ADD/ADHD diagnosis. Stay calm and upbeat; that will rub off on your child.
I hope there comes one day cancer is just a zodiac sign.
Doron Lamb is 2nd player ever at UK to shoot 47% FG, 46% 3PFG, 82% FT or better in a season (minimum 100 attempts for each).
Cause I've got a shoot scheduled next week for my online series.
Have a production company lined up for, The Artist Trilogy that I'm pretty happy about... ;)
Rothstein showing his age! Still hanging out at Turtle Bay in NYC on Sat. Nights!
I am me, therefore I tweeted you.
Young Jeezy F.A.M.E good song!
Does anyone know when the Portland triathalon will be done?
Hold the phone! My fav lib blogger is somewhere at #pala2011? I might have a fan girl moment!
oh no! That is terribly sad! Maybe call animal control so that he can get medical attention. Please don't take him home.ha
Pub crawling with and my drinking partner
Today was a day of replacing nicotine with food. So pretty soon, I'll be banished to the realm of voiceovers.
The hatred I have for you is so strong. You don't even understand..
Tis the wrestler getting a dose of his own dry humping now!
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St. Clement of Alexandra
Front page of Sunday U-T has a feature article on a Padres player. Really??
Did you know that the non-profit arts and culture industry generates $166.2 billion in economic activity annually?
I think i drunk to much juice -____-
Injustice can be wiped out, but human clashes and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Colin Powell~ There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation hard work and learning from failure.
Watching a call-in show from #Egypt called Masr Elgideeda where all the callers so far are praising Omar Suleiman. What is going on?
I have to say that I have occasionally watched the show myself. I actually prefer Charlotte over the other 3 girls.
RT : Social Media doesn't fit into the typical corporate structure; Earned, Owned, Shared, Paid - different depts.
At Tegel Berlin waiting for our flight to Miami. Time for some Florida Sun :)
I seriously have no life. #totesthecoolestperson✌
She just told me I ain't shit... Guess I'm proving it right now
#FunnierThanCordova 'Be kind, please rewind' stickers on a DVD.
How about that #SAA conference coming up?
believe team not actively being shopped.
Darn it Obama... took me twice as long to get through downtown Milwaukee just now.
Finally....if you take time to SHARE/CELEBRATE work of T's and S's, the info is disseminated AND the tchr knows u value them.
Great Coffee
When I look at 's pintrest I suddenly want to get married... and steal all her pins.
But the website I found says it might delete followers too.:/
Back in the home office from my first self-employed-non-paid-vacation-week-off but all is good; got a check in the mail on Saturday!
The ustream better not freeze when he starts rapping
Oatmeal with fresh strawberries from the garden. That's what I call a good breakfast!
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Quality Does Matter - Take your time in your next fitness resistance training session. Each rep you...
Isn't just absolutely gorgeous?
Thanks for the FF Chi Chi =)
Four loco on you butch ass
Please don't do this, Tito.
nah I won't I'll probably sleep a bit too. I'll actually be pissed as shit if anyone fucks with me
these days it comes, comes, comes, and goes.
It's Monday, March 19th, busy day with client showings!
Take a minute to assess your personal disaster readiness. Have an emerg savings, enuf insurance, extra food/water stored, top half g tank?
Finally finished Bitterblue! Thanks, So glad to finally read something really good after a bunch of disappointments!
Thanks! Can you think of any other dynamic father/son duos from history?
thanks for checking us out! glad you dug it.
Girls, don’t look for a boy to solve your problems, but find a boy that doesn’t let you face them alone.
Blogging and marketing and growing my professional service firm clients: accounting & law firms, etc. Meizcorp.com
Great teamwork! #headshots RT : fun, exciting, and most importantly ... SUCCESSFUL day ;)
need that one too!
hate homework
Wow, Osama Bin Laden is dead. Wow.
This SRT ain't bad yet for once .! ..... YET
That's funny you say that because we happen to love you!
Flop city
Opening our new state of the art Minimally Invasive Spine Center on March 14th. The most advances comprehensive spine center is coming soon!
Maybe you should ask the rash what it thinks.
Nice! Where on campus? One of the university's buildings?
Ron Paul up next on Greta
oof. i can only imagine...
how's the shop going my nigga???
I feel as im lowkey buff
omg No . ! thats a verse from a song Josh . ! Cx
hunter has these guys believing
congrats, that's terrific! Can't wait to read it.
Left a message yesterday and still haven't heard back yet.
i cant follow u
have had mine for over 10 years and have always been tempted to jump ship, for some reason haven't. Think I'll consider it now.
"So leaving seems the thing to do / When I'm here I'm lost in thoughts of you / And in my dreams I'm city bound...
Shout out to for being the 400th person that follows. Is it bad that he is our podcaster, and we didnt follow him?
yes and what's happening to a degree is those "silos" separating old skool ARG from other forms are breaking down...
I have no problem giving u what you want. You just gotta be willing to do the same for me. If not, yous get nothing
hey guys does any body know the person who has tweeted the most.
I tell myself every night that I'm gonna go to bed early and end up laying here for two hours on my phone ☺
Must end the day while it's still today. Tomorrow will be better for it. Goodnight, world!
you didn't take a picture? :(
yes you are!!
Hey , your new album is stellar. Folks, don't miss this one. Only my first listen, but I think it's his best.
followed. follow back?
Hey tweeps, due to personal tragedies,I haven't been able to log on for almost a week. Was also sick all day and my B-day is tomorrow. I'll,
What a FAAAAAAAAAAAAILLLL!
thank you. I hope you are well. I apologize for not replying last night. Just not doing well with the stress levels.
a rice bowl from chipotle :)
i still think hanna and hobo with a shotgun were two of the best films of the year
Let's Go Blue!
I have a 4.2 image handy if that would help.
I love Spring so much! I wonder if there's correlation between month born and productivity. I swear once Spring hits, I'm focused.
I can imagine, but genealogists are usually schmitten by curators, archivists and historians. I'm sure they loved you.
aw thanks rebecca!
Trying to figure out how to buy a gun
Baker " powers 9 of the 10 top #saas providers"
Music is the Mission. Love and Light
Heyy lil brother!! we need to talk and catch up!!
#HeMo looks fierce with or without clothes. Stop acting like the girl is gonna die from a press situation. I would be celebrating that body!
Apparently, it's hard to make a rocket. RT : Entire flight time from launch to failure may have been 8-9 minutes.
RT: if you want 1000+ followers then follow "
“: fact: one person in this world is thinking about you, right now.” So, I guess is thinking about me now
Twitter / Tweet Button via
For some reason I thought Vans was still an independent company. Owned by same co as 7 jeans, North Face, Timberland, Wrangler and more.
ive never had a girl so paranoid like this
is facing an uphill battle against and , but I have to say the commercials have been excellent.
ohh shit or send it thru here , tweet it
Thank you Rachel for the follow. Nancy
I'm trying just can't understand why so many people don't see thanks 4yourcomment
NBA Draft....DC Assault Alum....Nolan Smith. Austin Freeman....Hard Work and living the right way....We are proud of you!!!
Tannehill looks great as a backup. Cousins has great awareness and could be a starter.
wtf!!! That is so cool! Can't believe we missed Pac in concert... Smh 💂lol
Rich people! Rite.
PREPARED. ASKED FOR MY FILE BEFORE THE MEETING! SHE PLANNED ON SLOWLY INFORMING HERSELF ON MY DOLLAR IN FRONT OF ME.
nice! Writing any new songs?
Protect yourself at all times.
i miss your attitude.
I want a pair of Jeremy scott Adidas and Ronnie fieg Asics
#astdrmc-denison starting session so exciting!
Thanks for following along!
I agree, if he doesn't have a second song, he won't make it. !
Nice to see you on twitter!
I'm Proud of be a Stan, and I don't care if you think Eminem sucks or something... #TeamShady knows he's the Best.
Just gagged...I have ink...but I can't see myself doing the whole implant fad, especially to hold my nano on as a wrist watch!
Why is nothing working right today!!!! everything just wants to break i guess
Lots of thought provoking discussions about sexism encounter as a women in a technology field at #SheCon and how to overcome skepticism.
Good morning mr smith is in the building #kanye flow
When my cell phone or ipod dies a piece of my soul goes with it
"BUZZ BUZZ" <-- Only Mahomies know what is that. (:
Always a pleasure Andy! Great to meet Sammy & Alex. Be safe traveling gents!
check out my new blog www.bowlingdo.com
Clash Magazine live on StrongroomAlive : Friends - Friend Crush *SINGLE OF THE WEEK*
right, but having the FedEx option on the tickets sometimes or most times seems unappealing. I would love more flexibility on that.
Oh this preggo is gonna have to try that! =)
Joseph Rockwood alone is guilty of stealing rum and will receive ten lashes upon his bare back at the head of his regiment.
Pam Brown~ Odd how much it hurts when a friend moves away- and leaves behind only silence.
RT : I hate winter.me to
Yup yup
Iowa Caucuses kick off the Presidential Election Season tonight! Stay with ABC5 for all your caucus updates!
Something about a plain white V and dark wash Levi's is #clean and
hey people
Redwood Trust, the only firm to publicly issue jumbo MBS the past two years, earned just $1 million in the third quarter
What are you reading?
the same one who didn't want black people wearing his clothes hm": Flying helicopter to have dinner w friend
I will when I'm ready to talk
I'm gonna be driving in that :p
Last night's convo with my bf >>>
Of course, ketchup in moderation. Tune in for Jim Cunningham and Connie Ruzich on QED 89.3 at 10:00 live with a recap of Pollan's remarks.
I wish my allergies would calm down so I could breath and go to sleep...its almost 4:30 AM and here I am still awake.
Lowndes county interpretive center
you gotta go on a diet too boo
I'm happy to do it, if you need a break.
Tired but my mind is wide awake
to upset to tweet...
"[People] thought that Neeson would have a bigger presence." Hate to break the news, but Neeson's in virtually every scene.
lol yep.I know some have 1 here & there but my 1st PG gave me so many health problems figure better safe then sorry
I'd lost 6lbs!!b yeah!!
Got some rest 2 weeks ago, did some soul searching. Other than that, eat, sleep and work. :) Did go watch Alice in wonderland. :)
just thinking about the extreme assault on women's health care rights that is #HR3. come on, america.
Sad news! RT : Goes without saying, #SoonerNation's thoughts and prayers go out to Austin Woods and his family.
What did you conclude, specifically?
hahah havnt heard that description yet haha oh well, now we both have botched hair jobs, $400 down the drain...#WorthIt?
smh at these phil jackson coaching the #magic rumors
I once found a neighbor browsing in my garage when I was working in the yard. Hope you still have all your stuff. ;)
Not sure why my twitter feed is acting weird, looks like being censored/monitored or something. Dont mind that, just let the darn thing wrk.
So much stupid shit happens at Glen Este
dont be a menace to society while drinkin your juice n the hood...teehee
Serious everyone should watch the video that I tweeted from #EqualLoveEqualRights Educate yourselves people
went2the prk&got draged in the grass by my dog!!had so much fun it was hilarious i couldnt stop laughing i was just laying thr on the ground
Suits...best show of the summer
some got in $ASKE yesterday at .0013 look at it now blowing up
Happy Mothers Day, Very thankful for both my mom and my wife, the two best mothers anyone could ever ask for. A true gift from God
I think the last poll # I saw was 65% of Dems & 57% of independents were for it. Not overwhelming majorities.
I'm lovin it?
Its rare to hear someone mention the Kuleshov effect in their writings on film these days. Well done, great read!
baked sweet potatoes all day, sweet potato!
Now following follow back!
Glad to know the wheels are turning (quickly) on theatrical distribution for our film UrFRENZ!
Sager has such a pretty punim. :)
Yay! On to Season 5! QT : You tell Walter, I knew the dog wouldn't hunt.
I was only able to hold plank for 1 minute. Gotta get stronger. Well, time to stretch & recover. Night.
Sounds like this Bulls/Jazz game might turn into 3 on 3 basketball.
RT : Wouldn't it be funny if we found out tomorrow that the iPad was an April Fool's joke? Yeah, pretty frickin' hilarious.
nice meeting you!
Have a safe trip and see you soon!
Listening to author of The Radical Leap Reenergized: Doing What You Love in the Service of People Who Love What You Do.
At this damn 5 hour course! -_-
Randal, this time they blogged expenditure of energy
Putting in a new invisiline retainer <<<
Holy shit we won. This is how the last turn went:
I second that! :)
Best afternoon in Rome, yet. Can't say enough about the amazing community of people I've met on my travels.
Come join Tues Dec-22. We are having our annual customer appreciation night 6pm-close. Complimentary appetizers, Prizes and music by paris!
follow emma watson
#Bruins go up 3-2 early in the 3rd period!!!
It is amazing what research is finding out about the brain. Everyone may be able to read minds in the future.
You know you're out east when: you see a sign for a ButterBees... What is that?
Why didn't anyone tell me i had bad math. How embarrassing.
if you're in LA come to tonight and see my boo perform. she will definitely give u a show..
Morning. Tired as ever about to have jazz at 9
Going out to get all the #desserts I can for Boston Bakes! The journey begins shortly!
I win men over with my vulgarity. I'm sucha charmer.
Off to see Mount Vernon and tour the Capital today
Come by the new Maple Street Bookshop at the Healing Center and you can also check out Fatoush for coffee, breakfast and sandwiches.
That is awesome! what R U exhibiting? What on the agenda interests U? See U in a 4 months :)
computer storage
Possible mini mutiny going to go down in class today. I'm interested to see how it goes.
So far we are just the source of the materials. We are looking for ways to expand the collaboration, though.
they call it mabus
thanks for the follow! Happy Friday!
We ♥ Jessica&#39;s DIY Gel Nail Removal Kit!
is hosting the World's Largest #BakeSale in NY's Grand Central Terminal, hoping to go down in the Guinness Book of World Records!
Bot ----> RT 99% of tweets at 3am (on a Sun nt) appear to be auto/scheduled. Lame.
communication isn't saying what we want, its listening first, making a connection - then communicating. Let's be a bridge, not a bulldozer.
From my experience in looking online for a new place to live, "charming" is a pleasant way of saying "the neighborhood is terrifying"
Went to yoga; ran 2 miles; lectured on the paradigms, theories, and models of #informationbehavior and its not even 1pm!!
There's coffee here but no fixin's. Thwarted! :-/
if Hanna reports us we might get suspended from the bus...
Stain on paper/instead of a poem.
To bad I'm shyy
He wanna talk crazy to me,,, ****I'm think n ,,, he need to save that shit,,,
"The heart's memory eliminates the bad and magnifies the good."
What would you do if I told you that I la, la, la, la, loved you? Cause you know I la, la, la, lie.
Pray that God turns your fear into
ohh,ive been wanting to know b/c since ALOT of girls love vinny and i thought you probably were so stressed, making it.
#ifjuicyjretweetsme ill know its real.
#everyone follow celebrity cheers
*I get drunk. I leave
Bad timing for a CC to expire. is back. #mw2012 cc
Funny how regular citizens like us follow the law better than at lest some officers.
your followers dont matter if theyre not organic! i appreciate you, my followers. youre all organic. the way i like you!
As would I. RT If you took my #bacon away, I'd be angry too.
Nice! Congrats. That's a really nice milestone.
Me and getting some Indi's. S/O to for the idea. How you live in Louisville and never had Indi's????
ya miss going to CAvs games but they are coming here in march so I'm going
When u coming RT hey, love! How's Cali? Nevermind, I'll find out myself this summer ... lol
is on glee!!! Everyone watch!!!!
ted, your links be ded :(
Holla at me on facebook.com under Tone Goods
another reason why we don't need a third methadone clinic at Newmarket.
new shirt, shoes and sunglasses.
It's an Alanis Morissette "Jagged Little Pill" kinda day. Man, she still rocks.
RT : I'm really loving the name of the new iPhone. It really rolls off the tongue. iPhone 4ssssss.
: Thanks for your comment on the BigOven iPhone app. (I'm the author/CEO.) Any comments welcome!
Most likely my last tweet since the world is suppose to end today...wait for it, wait for it...
#FF 2 amazing supporters this week!
Happiness is not a future event. -Joe Fortenberry
haha you could say that.
First Friday night at home spent baking and watching gilmore girls
Thanks Christiane! looking forward to it and great to stay connected.
BOOM!!! 16-6!!!! HUNT & DON'T STOP TIL U GOT A HEAD UP ON YOUR WALL!!
Thinking of #Seattle #Remodeling, or #horse #riding for #vacation? Contact for #remodel or for
How the crap are the Royals about to sweep the other Rangers? Whuck.
Oregon: Aaron Brooks, Luke Ridnour and Fred Jones. ALL THE BACKUP GUARDS!
Stand Out is unavailable on ! Bummer! Gimme a second fave track from that soundtrack :)
Absolutely! It looks amazing, but its not like you need any makeup. You are already great looking.
cleanin house wit mah sugar baby!!!!!
haha. i don't know how much work i'd get done then.
This hurts me to watch
not exactly a shocker
she's not that evil 😔
Survived the lake house on Friday the 13th:)
whoa hey
Talking to Senator Rod Adair who I will miss mightily.
I stopped liking delicious #Fijiwater when they put the word "mouthfeel" on the back of the bottle.
Please follow me! I ♥ U!
Also, do you think there's directive to the camera ops to get Bieber in every other shot?
Hungry and tired.
with Tiago emerging more with every game, you think that Duncan might stick around longer for The Two Towers Part Deux?
What. A. Trade.
Congrats to the University of #Kentucky and Anthony #Davis on a great year of basketball.
Welcome! Have a good day!
Matt, we're just testing the cutting edge beta build & should have an update out soon. Stay tuned!
I would prefer to have a dick.
hahahaha oh snap I can't remember becauseI was always doing both of or work -_- plus helping robert as well
Just learned: Ken Day, one of the good guys, just died on the operating table. RIP, Kenny.
negative sir !
Not to be rude or anything, but i really don't give a fuck.
Become a force for ALL to reckon with. LIVE WHAT U BELIEVE! W/ no fear of being EXPOSED! NO WHERE to go from here, but DOWN! L Mc & D Lee
we've thought bout it but we'll beat the shit out of each other as a couple
I ain't tall enough tho.
Yes we already know you don't need anybody's approval but why come to twitter to let people know? You fucking asshole!
This 'Red Riding' Yorkshire murder trilogy is really really creepy. #I'm hooked tho'
Am i bad? Am i hazard to your health?
So excited to go see think like a man with my favoritest people in the whole world :) and ....
The smell of rain is so good! Inspiring!
I can't stop listening to City & Colour - "Hello, I'm In Delaware"
Bus packed this morning. Welcome back #uwmadison students!
i love looking at Justin's profile and it saying follows you. its just amazing that he actually noticed my account for a min.
Drinking wine after a rousing game of checkers and uno with Doo. I heart wine. M wine. Makes my brain mushy and warm. Hurray!
Ball so hard.
Then they sent 2 more. 1 sayin all passes can go to indoor facilities
answer my text, child.
Been off the grid for a month. The wedding was the best night of my life! I'm back in reality now....
is beauty finds on budget funds! Facial and a blowout? Don't mind if I do!
#nowplaying "A Moment To Myself" by from 'On How Life Is'.
DigitalStakeout software to monitor mass events in social media will be at LAwScomm Booth #2070 at
The whole hodgson England Gaffer and nick barmby being suspended has completely been off my mind today.
don't laugh at me. Need another big event to happen.
what it is bruh
Don't B afraid 2 give up the good 2 go 4 the great
I want a girlfriend.
#NP Arnej - The Day Will Come (Original Mix Edit)
Why is LS always getting threats of some kind.. Today we got a bomb threat now i'm heading home the only good thing is theres no school now
Live-tweeting "NBC Must-See TV" panel over on , if you're interested.
you listen to great music!
It is never a good idea to tell someone they smell like a Dorito.
Talent and infrastructure—not sales—should dicate growth.
I love when someone tweets something so relatable but they ruin the tweet by adding a curse word into it.
You care about followers and I don't !!!! :)
Round trip or one-way?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOLLAND!
A has the option of betting whatever he wants to (max being the stack he was moving) and B is committed to call?
couldn't agree more
Are you not the guy in the tight white trousers?
Want to gallery sit Great Gifts @ The Bridge this December? Tweet @ me. Must commit to at least 2 shifts to get the 30% discount.
Well at least I'm up before 3pm. Tried to get up @ 10am, but, it didn't work. Today I will turn my daily life frowns upside down. Funk
haha it's confusing at first, but once you get it it's the most addiciting thing ever.
I'd imagine homeless people aren't the biggest fans of little dogs wearing sweaters.
not understand?? he does not like Justin? / My love you JUstin very
you and I both know there is more to a mass effect game than ONLY the gameplay itself.
Visited the Newseum in DC yesterday. Terrific, moving exhibit on the Berlin Wall. I was there in 1986. Seemed permanent as the Alps.
Thanks for following our blog! Let us know if you ever have any article suggestions
I love The Gits! Mia was so talented.
It's hair raising when my clients "get it" and get a huge ROI!
(And offensively gorgeous but that's another story..)
I love it
DO IT TODAY........I may very well be illegal tomorrow.
RT : #pedscount2012 who's a ped? How about seniors, students & others who need affordable housing near transit?
All I wanna do is lay down on my bed and take a nap [:
Watch Live CNN on www.tncnews.com
you're almost an adult!
#WhenAustin pranked us on ustream that he was already in Canada. "I'm in Canada now, with the moose...and uh...yeah. Just kidding, I'm here"
I just watched Chinatown for the first time last night & wow was Jack Nicholson a handsome SOB.
I'm sure Mitchell knows some places!!
Furthermore, we knew the site had to be 'Advertise To Cure Cancer' in order to catch people's attention - anything else just wouldn't do it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I'VE WAITED TOO LONG FOR AN ANSWER AND FOR A DM FROM YOU :((
