New Luxury Lifestyle Group: dedicated to helping you enrich your way of living!
M, yummy coffee makes the world go 'round! Happy Monday!!!
well missy, you're a little late :( we've chosen to get our soldier on.
That was horrible transition defense the Clippers just showed.
Hi Josh! Of course :-) Hope you're doing great!
i dont know that song :(
In America, humanity within the health care debate is considered a socialist externality.
Trying to force my body to recover from Boston in time for Austin tomorrow morning. Struggle.
Someone is matching
well my birthday is coming up and follow and a dm saying happy birthday would be AMAZING!!! Plz :)
Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait that's what my mom did And I turned out great !!!
Sometimes I wish I had a lil mini me so I could by dresses & do her hair :(
The cover of Leonard Cohen's "Death of a Ladies' Man" is the earliest known example of the "poorly cropped Facebook profile picture."
I hope my goldfish #PonyBoy is still alive. I haven't seen him since YESTERDAY!
On-demand is the final fuck you to the virtue of patience.
Anyone work out at Anytime Fitness in Madison? Can't find any info on the rates, etc., online...
I would come into work two hours early. Lol. Oh well.
New medical condition Torpero-Glutial Zombinambulism: When you sit on a hard floor too long and get up walking like Frankenstein's monster.
WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM
I've never been on a date.. 😞
you shouldnt have been at home watching pranked !
Retweet tweet this to gain more Followers for Lon Morris Baaseball
Please contact for any accreditation requests. Thanks
Horny old guys.
Life without you is like: Facebook without friends, Youtube without videos, and Google with no results...
I NEVER FREAKIN DO. maybe you should ask me, and quit believing everything people say!.
Love You too! RT: "Especially to Love you guys!! Thanks for the support."
totes! hates when she tries to succumb to ridic new pop culture bs
Thank You God for waking me up to see another day 🙏
I replied to the sales clerk at the pharmacey window, it's so "HOT" today i'll take a "Cold" to go! Strange late reaction, get it ha ha da
Thinking about starting a new tumblr blog. Hmm.
I work for wvko 1580 am liberal talk in Columbus Ohio, if you will let us know when you will be in CBus we can help promote
enjoyed my shows gnite
lol wow what a drastic change... Be careful with cleaning You become OCD like me lol
Enjoyin the swag bag (incl. makeup & ) from the event!!
followback? If you want. I don't tweet anything interesting though.
I have just watching single ladies, my new favorite show. Let's get it in ladies. Living the single life has its perks.
setlist for may 27th show: -tasted twice -summer storm -queen of sheba -the botanist (man, i wish could be there to sing!)
Some real academy award winning acting in that gem!
The smile your boyfriend puts on your face even if he isn't there with you<3 I love it<3 •lexx•
bored bored bored :(
To say the #Bucks are absolutely destroying the cavs is an understatement to say the least
Sitting at Navy Pier, waiting to go in and talk on WBEZ 95.1 shortly before 10am. This is pretty damn awesome.
That looks like The Palisades as you go over White Pass
Continuing discussions about the state of the training industry via Mt. Diablo's LinkedIn discussion group;
exactally. & hes gonna be all popular, and it wont be as special..
Hand weights at Sports Authority!?! Excellent! (Ebay?)
good man
Just finished reading "The Five People You Meet In Heaven". Wow......could't put it down.
I need to go to bed! Good Night Mahomies! HAve a great night 💗
Thanks to all my current followers! Also follow who is the one guiding me through this journey! With Lov <3
What's everyone doing today? We hope your having a fabulously smashing Thursday and a bonza Friday to my fellow Aussies:))
I'm also frustrated the whole publicity angle reenforces HBO show as 'indie success story' as opposed to, say, destroying HBO.
Trying so hard to wear flats today-- but I just fell and ate it in the middle of this store! This doesn't happen to me in heels!
The perfect weather for the beginning of the Week of Decadence.
Players pretty much don't check their emotions at all but should. It's the officials job to officiate, players job to play.
#Its2012WhyYouStill poking me on facebook...
Wait, LeBron is averaging a LEAGUE-BEST 8.3 ppg in the 4th quarter? Yeah, he definitely chokes in the 4th.
Lunch is open See you there!
Solve world hunger? Athletes around world give $5 to food shelf every time they raise arms in protest to ref.
If The Dude ran for President he'd win. All the stoners would come out and vote for the first time in history.
Let's just hope Danny's wood is bigger.
Clearly next year, I have to make sure I attend Thursday!
Doesn't everyone?! ;) ": my primary takeaway from that is that you have yourself on Google Alerts. I love it. :)”
Live for something rather than die for nothing ~ George Patton
thank you! Yes, I can't wait for you guys to meet her - she is already getting bigger!
oh that is great just keep learning nd me well everything going great just a few more months I'm out to hs:))) wat grade u in
She has to hate that I never let it bother me, at least not externally. She's all pissed off and I just go on with my day.
ha nicely played
thank you! we love doing it!
Don't you mean the first music video was by the "Buggles," not the "Buggies?"
Awesome job Jimmy....hilarious on AGT
She gone drown from one ballon nigga shut up!!!!
Thanks! This is sudden & I'm worried. :-(
What's up sis? Yeah I had a ball as usual. Time to study.
as long as you're the same person i fell for, my feelings will never change.
when do you get back and I can't wait to hear everything about your trip <3
too cute!
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)7
#oscars Ha!! Totes. Love forever Sound of Music.
It wouldn't be a Saturday if my lunch wasn't shortened to deal with an issue over which I have no control.
Just learned how to do my front handspring , front tuck on the floor at tumbling !
Sorry man. one Podcast is enough.
u still talking about Target parking lot guy?!?!
It must be nice to have a superstar who can basically play all five positions.
what i learned today: it's not a good idea to play catch with water balloons if you suck at catching things. -.-
#MSNBC #Nerdland Do we really have to listen to defend the GOP; who refuse to support his rights!
I'm kinda pissed that the #Orioles DFAd Bergesen.
Awesome way 2 celebrate, we will c u soon! RT : You guys rock! Staying overnight for my anniversary on April 28.
hellz yeah! Amazing + you = too good 2b true!
good morning honey hot and sexy
do I know you?
its in Missouri.. And IM SOOOWWWIE! :o
Lol, sisqo has his place in music (but not on my ipod either)....and very true that maryland does make some great music!
I was thinking the exact same thing when the bracket rolled out.
You were insane to do that, but thank you. It will probably help save a life at some point.
he's creepy.
I would LOVE a margarita right about now!!
“:#amwriting something new and inconsequential at a cafe with part of a writing group! My brain is actually working...” Like.
Choosing to stay in tonight might not have been the best thing... Oh the way my mind wanders
Congrats man!! I guess there is going to be a party in SF soon!? ;)
#golf at the
Me too! Even though we went to the ocean yesterday.
Prisoners strike is coming to an end!? I am hopeful for those who ended the strike/fast, but I know there is still a lot to be resolved ab
Thinking of Chelsea King today!
english paper. ready, GO
okay I fucking hate it when guys pretend to be fans of guys just to get the girls. LIKE NO FUCK YOU.
Thanks Heather! :) I feel a huge release after writing again. I'll never be gone so long again.
RT "You are Holmes, the meddler." My friend smiled. "Holmes, the busybody!" His smile broadened. "Holmes, the Scotland Yard...
Solidarity with
I'm a big girl now, in my big girl shoes. -
k you're gonna get a text from my email hahaha so don't laugh
I did..RT : text me plz
Good evening Wicked Tweeters!
Hey #mizzou - cool how you got the jock Jams disc. Hold onto your shorts. We're coming.
I wish I had a boyfriend to straighten my hair for me. /:
But first.. HEY GUYS :D
You are just the type of guy I love -- nice pecs, six pack abs, but not freaky-muscled.
Anyone else have the same thing for breakfast every (non-weekend) morning?
saw the new bands yesterday.. great work. real sharp and classy- now just need the new sticks!
I want to date one of the girls from the mainly because they all have the beauty and talent. The success is chasing them.
me too!! Was the interview respectful?
Thanks for the soundcloud! I definitely love the mix!!
Has it really been an entire year since I graduated college? Time flies. On my way to celebrate the fresh batch of Stout grads.
go heels!
Maybe I'll sleep when I am dead, But now it's like the night is taking sides
Mats & area rugs help minimize potential damage to your stone flooring from harsh sand and dirt particles.
I've had reports of snowdrops and Magnolias blooming here in the Northeast. What's in bloom in your yard?
it was gallardo and marcum, marcum laid on the ground
In the Milwaukee area? Check out Name of the Game inside Southridge Mall. This weekend, find awesome deals during their SIDEWALK SALE!
Delicious treats for Brunch ! Come join
Can you guys stop looking up pictures of diseased vaginas and showing them to me during class..
included: god is cool with infanticide.
last clue: it's a gamble.
I'm on plane about to head to Birmingham for #sqlsat112 , sorry :-/
That was delicious! RT : Business pow wow w/ , who's buying? (@ Pink Taco Mexican Restaurant)
paul krugman's cats are watching him on the charlie rose show right now
My Twitter friends, please visit my websites at www.miari.com and www.knockoutincorporated.com. Great music, videos, photos & more!!!
nope. completely different.
Damn fanny pak did REALLY guud. I really like RNG but I jus don't know u guys could've don better, I expected more.
Perfect Time for Will Middlebrooks' first Home Run!!
like going to coachella 2 weekends in a row?
Whats up Syn? How have you been?
Hoping, with guarded optimism, that tix to The Jeffersonian will become available before show closes.
Created homemade chocolate chip pancakes this morning
#CT2011 - so good to be in Boston after almost 2 years - miss my "home" BIG TIME #Boston. At last session of the conference, amphitheater
I'm pretty sure that it's against the law for One Direction to have that many attractive guys in ONE group!!!!
Who's going to Win?!?!?
Happy Holidays from Azarmehr & Associates, PC!
obviously the nets are tanking games for a top 3 pick, the trade for Wallace was conditional, what would we get?
Follow Back..:))
RT Emily, I knew you were at his video shoot in Nashville, also, we argued that evening also, he'd been here i n Chicago be
please help me get to #300FOLLOWERS please please
Omg this is the best night of my life
Fedor and Strikeforce... meh! I wish he'd just come to the UFC and fight someone worthy. But I'll still watch!
No types of natural hair products in the cvs in Oakland :-[
OMG Clippers PLEASE WIN! Take their HCA! Just like they took ours!
Getting glimpses of fights (& maybe changes brewing) at the U. Can't get a bead on whether it's the usual crabby chaos or something bigger
Real men leave hoes at motel 6 but leave cab fare at front desk
We play at 8:20 tonight on the indie stage! You should come chill!
The weather today is going to be beautiful. So go outside and enjoy it! Then bring them good vibes to Terra at 7
RT Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
It's 5pm? What?? LOL!!! Where has this day gone??
happy bday bro....we all gon be 21 soon time flies
"phillys is good"
lol that drag queen Wendy Williams LOL
what'd you think?
I can install it remotlety (Full version) , For 80.00 $ . Reply if interested
cant wait to work together torrr
shout out 2 all my fans n up coming fans
Friday night fire, and drinks
8 mo days... n_n #rushers ;D
RT : Sitting next to Joakim Noah on charter flight Sticker on laptop said "I am so happy I shit rainbows". Not bad.
ROLL CALL! Who is coming out tomorrow?!
True but I mean it when I say it to you girl X;)
Fine then. I hate life.
Thanks for the follow ! I'd love for you to stop by my house sometime!
oh okay well your hawt :)
Not according to auto-correct.
The power of imagination makes us infinite. – John Muir
"How could you be so heartless?"
Water cups or beer in the cups - which do u prefer and why?
Just left da studio killa joint wit
how , cause I was doing shit & chilling wit my boo . Ok
follow back please
And the boredom kicks in and lingers his weary head >.<
Note to Mr Ryan of the Cowboys. Dont piss off Megatron
": 90 degrees here"<=well u DEFINITELY aint in Milwaukee!!!
keep your eyes open...
what's good bro where can I send you some music to check out?
That's what I was thinking, too.
Bought myself a guitar strap
The SAT is not ready for me, gonna show it who's boss.
Playoff push without Matt Schaub begins... now!
Why isn't it Friday yet??
What am I doing?!
I'll get it to ya soon!
Would love to chat with you about Hipmunk Partnerships and some ideas I have. Follow and DM?
Everyone please email me all pic/video/pres. links to so I don't miss anything! Thanks...
Youth Center Summer Camps offer fun, education
English studies complete!!!! Bio time :P
That one goes hard...
Early bird catch the worm catch up with me if you can!!!
Thanks for following us! :)
Yes lol!! RT if I come will you come to my table and song to me like in the movies or the Kelly Price "As We Lay" video?
What if aliens only abduct crazy people because no one will ever believe them?
Our slides are out of sync with Peggy's presentation.
Have you tried Nutella yet? It's pretty amazing stuff. It's a chocolate and hazelnut spread. It's yummy stuff :-)
i dunno why, but i'm very uncomfortable with the fact that #OTH is over
Even without Kobe, the #Lakers are a lot of fun to watch when Bynum plays like this.
and its humid as hell outside!!!
100 days till graduation....
Idk what smells worst !this boys breath or the inside of this frog! -_- OMG HELP ME !
Come on, everyone! We're open for lunch in T-minus 30 minutes!
We call it being loved on. Have to steal some from our next event!
you're the prettiest birthday boy there ever was!
you're coming to Miami? i might get to meet you!
its nice but alone
So who wants to take me to blossom to see blink next week?? Anyone?
carlos just texted me.(:
Got my wand, Hedwig, uniform on, ready to rock.
3 year old quote for today "On Sunday, have a silly Sally Tuesday!"
#ubercart's caching capabilities are a complete fail on a large scale production system. Very disappointed.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen!
American children consume approx. 300 calories from added sugars daily.
Just saw 20 seconds of Justin in an office singing some song. Omfg I can't wait for believe.
VIP next time
preparing for Tuesday's speaking engagement: "Social Media and Your Job Search: Can You Tweet Your Way to a Job?"
theres some things that are wrong with me!:/ i miss u maria! u would be the one to make me feel better on days like this!</3
I turn to you Jesus, I turn to you Lord, What else can I do Jesus, I turn to you... Help me turn to you!!
Thats really cool.
an informal tech coffee klatch. Last one was about 6 weeks ago at Graze.
We are accepting submissions in consideration for Issue #4 which will be released the end of November! Submission deadline: Monday 11/21
Hope you had a great time in HI, and hope to run into you this fall! Safe travels...
Conversations with grandma can be intresting. She said that "operations cut a nigga, needs to come back into effect". Ok grandma. Lawd help!
Hooray! Just let me know your schedule, and we'll figure something out!
Still not going to help you...3-1 final!
Thanks for the good talk today - I almost forgot what it was like to sit for a few minutes and chat!
Enjoy the rest of your trip. I hope the turbulence was short-lived. :)
any boxee final four viewing parties? what are you up to on monday?
Echatepaca con Ana Maria Canseco will be the HOTTEST farandula show in Miami con escenas de CITA DE PAREJAS''THE DATING GAME'' VOTE ONLINE
I just listened to the Jay-Z interview and loved it! So inspiring and he's so smart!
neither. id eat a belly full of sand and end it all.
wondering why it is people insist on calling 911 for tooth pain thats been going on since sunday and you cant wait til tomm for the dentist
if you love hip hop and believe u can stand out and hold the attention of an audience AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST
Follow Back with a s/o
Everybody was Kung Fu Fighting? Everybody? Not likely Carl Douglas, Not likely.
Maybe the express lane isnt the best place to buy your prego test, especially when helped by a looney tune tie wearing manager named Dudley.
I'm so not giving my advice or opinions to her anymore it's like I try to help and then I end up being the "jealous" one:/
Thank u March for being so kind to us!!
I like it a lot too, it was one of Ma's favorites growing up, must have rubbed off on us.
I liked that ad. "Oh baby, I want that car..."
Seeing a spider isn't a problem. A problem is when the spider disappears
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur...
The most unexpected relationships last the longest .
how is he too big why is there a size cap on a position your good at
And we complained about Bill Clinton. Good God, Bill's the geeky schoolboy with a pocket protector compared to Silvio.
Yes! MT : tryin to imagine what would happen if we merged #ArtsTech w/Maurizio Cattelan's block party down the street. Awesome, no?
Don't sit at home tonight, come by!
Kids be up all night
Looks like Tuberville is making up for this last season with another solid recruiting class. Wish it was fall already.
Leaving myrtle is sad
That's cold, Dave :)
-ive never cheated on anyone.. &that i know GOD will back me up on.. loyal to my man, i always put mines 1st until he..........!!
Is it a stretch then that access 2 safe & legal #abortion is ALSO about patriarchal concern w/ controlling women's reproductive lives?(6of6)
twizzlr go to bed!
"THOSE ARE THE FACTS!" Hopefully the #media is paying attention
i love older rnb.
im obviously not from there but soo sorry to hear that
lol, yeah I was trippin for a sec too...Someone got it back on track tho
Just a cheater lol
It's inspiring the way you're putting yourself out there on your blog, Kudos to you!
2 of 2: What happens when all America is like that..every US city is like LA? What CA is today America is in 2041 if we don't change course.
I have to forget the girl I love. She doesn't like me and I guess it will never happen between us which completely sucks.
Hey #Celtics, how about some offense in this 3rd Q? That'd be nice. Thanks.
Back to work! #wedding #blogging :)
Go with confidence, any company would be lucky to get you.
"Trek" won't even begin to describe it
& this is extremely random & maybe not exactly an appropriate time to ask this &this may come off as a bit of a #creeptweet so
Don't believe people who say you won't find a home for your mix of education and experience
That was around the same time that FB was one of the Best Online sites in the History of the Internet 4 Mark Went All HAL on the community
Where ever the wind blows me!!! RT : where da party @
need a hug.
Mariachi music at lunch in honor of a senior manager's 25th year. Me gusto mucho the music. :-D
that is such a nice profile image
All those other guys were just practice.... for me..
Yes, we have to meet up! Let me know if you ever come to SD! You can always stay with me! :)
Los Angeles #MTA votes for good local jobs with
Three explosions (from protest side) and riot police form line to disperse crowd at 14th
omg,full supply from you? Totally cool and like awesome kay.
#neverwilli marry a Iranian man.
serriously. and after the snow we had over the weekend I was beginning to despair!
Wish I was at #alamw12 but at least enjoying reading attendees' tweets
I wish people realized that when they excuse a cliche by saying "...to use a cliche," they are just using another cliche.
Ewww there's a spider crawling down my wall, who wants to come kill it for me??
you're very welcome. :-) I enjoyed the glimpse into your life!
Imagine where the next generation will be burying their time in? Oh dear, #informationoverload already.
how are you hun?? *hugs*
.this neighborhood is so pretty (:
the only thing getting me through this week is the and concert this weekend!!! YAY :D
Whose attending the #Newark #Arts Council - OPEN DOORS TOUR
Stay tuned because we've got a new member on the team! Till now, check out and be sure to follow her!
I just wished my chunky was here to take care of me :/.... sick...
In less than 48 hours The Clinic On Jewell will be opening it doors!!
she's saving up to buy a porch. lemonade ...and a hot landscaper
It's getting dangerous not to. I'm such a clutz
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem, Sunday, Aug.
I wish alcohol didn't make my stomach hurt because the prospect of going to work tomorrow really makes me want to get blitzed.
Rebecca Brooks is being so pathetic about the phone hacking scandal! YOU HACKED PEOPLES' PHONES, NOW FUCK OFF TO JAIL
My heart hurts for D Rose...been banged up all season now this...ACL tear....damn
*joins youu* RT : [sits right next to you] ^____^ Kakakakaksjma Lawwwd hold me Onika so i know its real.
starting to reconsider the merits of escape to vietnam...
I'm talkin' about Tangerine Dream over on G+, you should pop over :D
Forget about Monday. Tuesday looks like it will be the most interesting day this coming week.
ur hair is gorgeous
Yup:) RT : #thismantellsthetruth “: Thanks for the concert tix, you guys rock, seriously #bestradiostationinmd”
That little birds tellin my business again. Wait till I find him, He gonna be McDinner RT a little bird mightve tweeted it in my ear
wishing my hair would cooperate this morning..
Hi! Not sure if you remember us (you spoke for us in 09) would love to speak with you @ speaking in Austin event this year.
Yes, I remember those sparkles, but didn't realize they were for sequel. Do you have a deadline set for yourself?
I can't wait to watch it!;)
Brain Floss: About 78 percent of Americans have had at least one cavity by age 17. Help prevent them by getting sealants for your children!
tweeted (: what was your question?(:
I hope ur new site is better optimized. I couldn't remember ur name & I couldn't find u when I googled visual sitemap builder. ;(
We're so glad to hear!! Come back and see us soon!
Running ads on #Limbaugh's show is a tacit endorsement of his over-the-top rhetoric. Pulling your ads is the right thing to do.
With Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician, in Paris. Music is worth checking out. Influenced many....
Very impressed by all the recent work that has been doing. Especially with the new #autism institute & related research.
#SorryForPartyRocking my ass off in traffic!
Life is short! Don't waste time burying yourself in greed, burning yourself with anger and getting lost in delusion.
#ASECS12 uh oh, not at quorum for business mtg
One of these days Imma tweet sayin "I'M BRINGING CUPCAKES TO SCHOOL TOMORROW! TWEET ME IF U WANT 1!" and imma get hella RT's -.-"
well blue and gold for sure
it's time for you to get up and leave the conversation when your company begins to talk about splitting the cost of fuel for a flight.
OH at my table. "You give me a case a beer I'm going to sleep with you."
hi!!!! I was just thinking about you today! Wondering if you still remembered me! We miss you! Gotta get back to Italy!!!
sorry I forgot to DM ;)
Anger is one letter from danger. When you get angry
I believe in the next 10 years we wont have enough food for everyone. Unless we start creating new sustainable farms now! Support us -Lawes
Off to dance with my ipod full of Breathe Carolina songs <3 LET THE PARTY IN MY HEAD BEGIN AND MY FEET DANCE TO ITS BEAT
yes! Makes sense - we'll try to work that out. Great suggestion, thanks for your help!
Congrats to everyone graduating this weekend!
go pacers!
Alex Salmond just got introduced as a touch of class on Craig Ferguson.
Enjoying the progress on the armory revamp on Culver. Exciting to see old things get new life in the
If u don't follow me I will shave your head in the middle of the night lol jk
Las Vegas Fire Dept Chief Washington is right. Anyone who'd like to volunteer in any organization should be done at their own time.
AFSCME "We are unified in our support for Barrett and will do everything we can to make sure he defeats Scott Walker"
Getting prepared for big things in 2012! Happy Holidays!
Thanks so much...and just think I've moved into double figures of books sold...!
surprised hasn't chimed in an anecdote about some public bathroom on campus
Loving what Carla Dunham has to say about social media and secretly wishing I could raid her shoe closet...
OK, I ran home and got my gear. Please tell me you'll be at the gym today?!
Which 1 of U has the Biggest IMPACT? I'd like 2 know who the person is that can get their followers 2 follow ME!
Facebook needs to stop updating/messing with stuff and let me check my messages! It's annoying the heck outta me.
Meg when are you coming back to LA?
The Good, The Bad, and the Vagina - starring Clit Eatswood.
Oh snap! Jean Claude van Damme is on THSS this morning. I have so many questions for him...mostly about Bloodsport.
Ahh. No nightlife?! Psht. Mozy on over and give D-Town another try and you will be hooked! I promise :P
just finalized holiday plans. Chicago -> Paris (7 days) -> Krakow (10 days) -> Chicago. Love having international friends and relatives!
I Like It Rough & Can't Get Enough .
Christian, your wife's name is Sandra. And she's ticklish.
Busy end of the week ahead!
Thx!!! RT #FF who are doing such vital work. Music + Activism = WIN!
Up Early - - Up all Day - - Up all night . . . . such is the cycle of life.
Ok, no problem.
Happy 4th of July! So excited to celebrate with our new session two students!
I was missing a part on a studio light, emailed them, an hour later the parts in the mail to me and isn't going to cost me a dime!
California online poker bill has hearing scheduled for May 7.
I missed the interview. What'd they ask?
Saying to your friend "there's your best friend" when you see someone they hate.
Thanks for coming through the other night! We look forward to working with u again in the near future. Xoxoxo
If I used stolen CCs I'd want 1 that just says CID cause I'd just have 2 deal w/fake ID. Not fake ID & forging the signature.
If you could wish for one thing to happen today, what would it be?
Holy crap this event is huge
your kiddy right!? Teen moms 2?
I think it's safe to say that having a 'limited edition' PT Cruiser makes you that much douchier than owners of standard PT's
Virgin Airlines quantified and drove 15% increase in bookings attributed to Facebook
Tuesday. Free Pool $10 BUCKET WED MOVIE NIGHT THUR. STEAK NIGHT SAT FIGHTING IRISH BEATS MICHIGAN Food Nightly by Flaming Patties
YAY!!! Except I obviously want the one for $829. And I obviously want the keyboard now. And the carrying case. Geez.
i will follow back :)
How Raw?!
everyone keeps sayin how they miss you!!!!!!!!!
Uploading yesterday's and today's Docjazz6 vids now!
Final color corrections on FINDING HOPE tomorrow!
What is that?
Nobody blocks shots anymore. You're rewarded for being lazy and laying down.
Special Offer: A free 3 MONTHS of full-featured trial of Infinity Menu for you to evaluate and see if it suits your business. Contact Now!
Measuring grit single most biggest perdictor of success
Thank god for the sunshine
Thanks for being there for us - you rock !
Zounds! You Charlets have gotta be due some kind of karmic compensation soon. Buy a lottery ticket.
Ready for the #mnstatefair ! Don't forget to check out the KARE barn!
You are welcome and thank you! Glad you enjoyed. yay on fixing our drip!
Thanks for sharing, but that contest is over.
The movie "Paul" is so amazingly and outrageously funny, I cannot stop laughing!!
#threewordstoliveby integrity, forgiveness, and compassion
Not a short term problem, but if they don't fix this issue, it will become a long term talent issue.
amen to that!
T.G.I.F! Reward yourself with a LG Hawaiian Holiday Pizza! Top it off with extra cheese for $1.95!
Yes, I want someone who loves me when I'm around. But what I want more is someone who loves me even more when I'm not around.
Glad to see you on Twitter!
Watching & proud to see talking about equality. Thank you.
": Woods v. Watney today! Who ya picking?! #excited #goodmatchup" gotta go with Tiger, match play master
Oh god stop shaking your legs fattie.
what are you guys gonna do?
to bad
be what u want to be
"If you follow your bliss, doors will open for you that wouldn't have opened for anyone else." -Joseph Campbell
Keynote National Archivist David Ferriero takes the stage.
i am the ghost of christmas mermaid.
And then damn, the #Rangers score & tie the #Caps 1-1 early in the 2nd.
He's the kind of guy you hate to play against but would love on yo- /drink
This day just got way better: RT Season 2 official!!!
Watching DBacks play Nationals
Questioning Palin's qualifications,knowledge,and discipline??? She has an intuitive feel for politics.
#ultralight I agree with you
We are officially one week out from our first show Mad Frog Cincinnati!! We promise we will rock for you.
I hadn't heard of that! It's similar, but not the same mark. It's also called the percontation point.
First day of Fall!
even better:) the show rocks in France right now on channel M6.
it is officialy dog day I hav been counting down he hours from last week till tonight!!! Call me crazy but I love this show
your brother told me you were working today. I was so disappointed when I didn't see you!
: iPad is unique and growing fast. On the leading edge of technology. Ralph Lauren has a cool app. for iPad.
And Wickett wins.
that was a good thing
misses Ever After on Bravo... :(
me too still on bed but gotta get up soon hopefully not too soon
Yes i'm about to email you in a few minutes
The good word is that I passed the IATSE Local 52 test and my name is being placed on the October 2009 Ballot!
i cant stop listening to FIRST DANCE by justin im addicted i listened to it a ton times! later going to by people magazine!
Taking a human brain on tour as part of a traveling engagement program. Audience asks "Did you rob a grave?"
not as far as I know, but I wish it was. What awesome publication is using this cool feature?
Slept 12 hours.
I don't know much about pies, But you make my Banana cream xD P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
Already in the mix for , as campaign manager, as PR, Mr. Brian Radcliffe as finance manager.
They're ruining my bracket *cries*
Odd though, I'm working more than ever on my laptop, yet there seems to be more paper than EVER! #recyclewhat?
Guys, I'm coming down off a whirlwind week with family. Love, laugh, tears, all that. Said goodbye to my sister 1 hr ago & miss her already.
I'm pleading the fifth! More to come...
thank you!
Hello Son!
Some great tweeters
kay nevermind then
Barely made it to class!!
Windows intact, ugly trees down - 90 foot Maples intact!
Those who live according to the Spirit set their minds on the things of the Spirit.~Romans 8:5
what time are you getting up here?
Can't wait for summer so much things I'm going to do like watch tv, eat, and sleep
Southern Belles >>>
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 76
Preparing a document for an arbitration is serious heavy labor.
Congrats John Pollono and on three #Ovation awards for Small Engine Repair!!!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday.
my phone was under my bed. that slick little hider. lmfao. hmu!
In the next 6 weeks I'll get to learn from & at clinics. Only 200 days until BB season...
What is trendy for clothing these days?
Where the food at
A half a second? This is intense.
Back on campus, time to do some work :(
Happy to welcome Alex Vorobiev as #Geedra Vice President of Products. Kieran and I couldn't be more excited about him joining.
There is a second team hydrating at Gtiffith Park observatoty!! Stop by!!
Happy birthday, !!!
So I though I set my alarm for 5AM and I didn't, I set it for 5:50
I'm feeling good right now thanks to my music!
What are you all up to tonight? I'm hitting up Nero Don't miss out
I guess they taste like Cheetos lol
Thats the truth!!
There has to be some kind of Photoshop meme in here somewhere. Waters hitchhiking in Sad Keanu's van.
Last good book I read was The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao.
Fear has no power until you open the door and let it in.
to live is to balance ...wants ...needs ...happiness and responsiblities wit motion ....living thing grow - dead mind grow nothin but death
Thank you! Foxcroft for the gift 4 attendees @ "Power Play: Up Close with Women in the #Golf Industry" event today!
Be proud. RT : I really despise that GOP candidates use Massachusetts as a dirty word. Or maybe I should be proud.
you may have went to college Terry but this guy is
Great review! I'm looking forward to this book.
LOL NO ONE CARES
You're not going to take politics out of politics. It's politics. That's dumb says
No problem. I was probably out of FB when you responded.
and you know there is someone just like that out there...is effing hilarious.
cool. Leif has a cough too so we're a bit hesitant but we'll see where we are at later on!
Self medicating. Pinot Noir is the answer to many of life's ailments.
hahaha with who your right hand xD and i am too but a girl
They don't show the acknowledgement for the Medal of Honor recipient? At least mentioned it, but why not show it?!
#NYXFACEAWARDS!! my favorites are >> and >> i hope they both make it!! ^_^
": You look like Kendall's sister from big time rush . c:" LMFAO AGREED! bless thiss
Hey its BK, over the years...do you have a Fiesta highlight? Best Fiesta experience ever?
Hundreds march in support of marijuana, hundreds more rode to support fallen officers like Jaime Padron.& rain chances r growing!#fox 7 at 9
Waking up for the last 3 days has been like a surprise birthday party.
them respecting their several kinds of roguery. Rogues knew a good deal
that awkward moment when someone asks u ur last name and they just typed it
Happy St. Patty's day!
i have spent the last two centuries in a box
I'm too cool for school for cool schools for cools...Just playing on words HA!
wow good joke...Is it 1994?
SharePoint is best used for online collaboration. Can include I'm and LiveMeeting
Ya got pretty excited too! You posted the pics 3 times in a row! L! ;)
what's your favorite microphone to use?
Suck my ding dong bro....
RT stat: Apprx half of all Ethiopian children aged 7-14 don't go to school because their families need them to work
Show her an article online about eyebrow arches/plucking/waxing or take her to a local free workshop or
I wish it would snow today.
UK should just get a bye to the 3rd Round, lol.RT : MS Valley St would be fun to play. Kentucky might put a 100 on them.
thank you
Oh shit safety hell yeah
Where's that?
Blue and pink
And my last name, so there's that. RT : "Bestfriends" has 11 letters....but then again, so does "Backstabber".
“: Wut up world! studio session today, thinking bout big plans ya diggs”
Great Idea, right?
I'll try but he doesn't even follow me so idk.
Seattle smells like a BBQ to me today. Must be sunshine.
Lori compass: "a year ago the powers that be refused to hear us but I think they hear us now."wiunion
Evan Esar~ Statistician A man who believes figures dont lie but admits that under analysis some of them wont stand up either.
NOPE! Go Patriots!
Kahn's ad libs in Clue "Yes.Yes, I did it.I killed Yvette.I hated her, so much it it the f- it flam flames. Flames, on the side of my face,
They found him thank God! Praise be to God for he is faithful to answer our prayers
they are
da first thing I want to do tomorrow is smiling :)
I think everybody can agree that, for one reason or another, we are all glad that Kate Upton isn't our sister!
How's your Sunday going?? Hungry? Come by Bounce Sporting Cub for a ice cold #Beer and a #Burger... Regg Ruck playing all your fav tunes!
designs done by Zane Cuts San Antonio,Tx!
Love my team forever
PLEASE STOP SPEAKING BEFORE YOU TALK YOUR SELF OUT OF THIS RACE!
thanks for following back! God bless you. please trend
Movies tomorrow . Ok ! :)
Guy next to me on the train - "only people on a train on Easter Sunday are Jews and Hindus". He has a point.
and who doesn't? :)
is a bit upset my hair is not listening to me.
On the menu tonight: pasta and the Rolling Stones.
If you get visited by a federal agent brandishing a warrant, cooperate but DO NOT SPEAK. Lying to the feds is a crime in itself.
I want to go to IHOP for breakfast ..
Here Here! Best justification: student of mine who said the average of 300, 300, & 400 was 500.
don't be jealous lol
Who's watching the #Oscars tonight and who is skipping it to watch the #NBA All Star Game?
It’s time for our Friday #entrepreneur tweet. #Startup knowledge to follow in 5 minutes.
Lalalala sitting a little bored at the KISS office waiting to do some work!
single parents need to work more closely together to change dropout rates; rates of child poverty; teen pregnancy;crime rate
Thanks roomie for dinner! your the best!
Great job tonight ! A perfect 100 is nothing short of incredible.
ManCity is just one GIANT party 
#FF – that’s Flip-floppin’ Friday!
Be ye not therefore, like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask Him. Matt. 6:8
The reality that I have entered into IT-related business is proof that corporations have to evolve and keep with time.
is leaving after a good study sesh :( I'm forcing myself to stay until the library closes
Zayn got flashed? When?
I miss you more!!!
I am off, but I am still half dead and on top of that i have to go to a surprise birthday party for my bro at 4pm
got ya!
Bah! RT RP calling from Southridge HS, has suspects from a "food fight" in the school office.
hey Brandon
A2: 5 hour energy also activated at the Arizona St. game, but noticed a lot of the bottles thrown on the field
Lol! I think you need to tweet "you know you live in SF... " observations often :-)
I understand. As hard as I try to tell my brain to forget it is taped, I just can't. Watching taped sports is just not the same.
Baha! Lol but I'm Forreal about selling the weave
the entire ESPN network has been riding this story, which is 24 hrs. old now. I don't buy the MIA storyline.
hell yea them niggas is real
You can please some of the people all of the time, or all of the people some of the time, but you can never please your father, thats incest
Going hard in the motherfucking paint tonight.
Coming up on conference overload :)
I am command thee mai which the application for facebook sister and I'm always writing and selenate belieber Follow me please
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
We are proud of our fully-trained and competent staff – many of whom have been with us for years!
Yes! finished my classes for medical billing and coding
God does. RT : Who has a instagram !?(:
Thomas Mackey and Trudi Jacobson are quoted in Libraries and Transliteracy: bit.ly/eEdgBo. Take a look at their new book: bit.ly/9nDPqi.
Its fine i'll just have to find other brits to twitter stalk................RIP 1d obsession
No But I'll be boppin around :-)
Busy, busy, busy day! Lots of business to do...
I wish I had a dog to walk. Walking my cat just doesn't work the same, since then I'm that weird catwalking lady.
Thank you! And I just checked out your blog! LOVE it!
finally getting time to do the re-design of nowrec.com and putting some of our 2010 goals into place.
I bet you CAN'T favourite this tweet with your toes ;)<3
april showers make may flowers :)P
why must you two be so dang smart, and i watched that south park episode steve.... Priceless
#MostAnnoyingSaying "Could you get your car off of my house?"
Damn I'm hungry! My stomach is just growling in this waiting room
that's 830p here, I'll try and get some pics on twitter
Omg. Thank god. I thought I was the only one.
sad thing I have yet to visit Vegas... : ( but soon I will be traveling....
the label clearly stated "Please take one"...vandalism at the least...and uber uncool.
I get that otherwise tho seems silly, i tip cleaning people often n casinos they don't get it much but should they get 4gotten
Turn St Lucie blue please!
Awesome racing in #vuelta vs. Cobo, so epic
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself...and
Not a bad Idea lol but we can't afford Dragic we might keep Lin and try to sign Steve Nash I hope
Ladies, do feel like treating yourself to a well deserved Shellac manicure for $17 (value $35)?? Goto www.yourluckdydeals.com
oh, I'm totally keeping them for myself!
jealousy wears an ugly,green mask
don't forget the tape
I'm so sweet 😊 lol
Just got back from the. Science fair... My friend won first prize! Congrats Danii!!!
Google it
Yeah I get your a cold heartless piece of shit
lol if you're tired of 1D trends then unfollow One Direction fans. Because if you're not following 1D stuff then no trends
Came baack from The Dubaai Mall :D Wow it was hell of an afternoon<3 andd i liked wearing an abaya!
Renault-Nissan And Russian Partner Announce Joint Venture In Autovaz - The Motor Report
is he nuts? no, he's insane.
Yes, we definitely should it'd be great to catch up! Just saw your DM so look for a text from me soon! :)
Aired tonight? RT : Headed to Burbank to film THE CONAN SHOW.
I actually do, Will. Let me check and let you know.
it'll be great to see you again!
#LetsBeBlunt ALL TIME
please follow me!!!
It is today that we create the world of the future. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Im a little late to the party, but I print on tech-tees daily!
Well THEY should fix it
Nite twitters got a early morning tomorrow
Christ is RISEN!
come here rude boy , boy can you get it up?;)
#FF Looking forward to coming back home next month!
when can we
Haha i like it! Are you going to new pros next week?
is that your new guitar??
I thought you wete a comedian?
Isn't every fucking Friday good?
That looked like the OLD King Cole
Landscape orientation would be nice. Otherwise, loving the app.
The cemetery says after they bury Vidal Sassoon at the gravesite they will cover the roots really well
RT Announcing… Fantastic Spring Line-up of Classes from Power Teaching students: In January, I ran another session ... h...
You kinda look like Drake. Are you Drake? (From drunk people)
Dont go broke trying to look rich.
is a true man!
not really going just posting
If you don't have enemies, you don't have character.
Looking forward to weekend workouts. Just a few weeks to go before GA state meet!
that's what I hear. Think I'll put him with union for an exacta
Im over here in Africa tryna soak up what I know ill miss...
Shabooooodddyyyyyy New Directions won!!! YES #glee was on it too haha best episode yet
Being surprised that Romney is running away from far right is like being surprised San Francisco has earthquakes.
If you haven't had lunch yet come grab a Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub and let me know what you think about it! I'm a fan.
Have a Great Night Bro rock that shit... ..
There is no greater love than to lay down your life for another
Great data visualization and statistical analysis: check out Ola Rosling's work at GapMinder.org. Change your worldview and your mind.
ya me too, but mainly just to troll him and try to tilt him
what up with that guy that dropped his pants on X Factor?
“: Glad to report my genitalia are in stable condition and expected to make a full recovery!” glad to hear it.
HAAHHA oh well i was just trying to be nice :/
Spring Menu(soon): amazing mozzarella bar w/ warm sicilian honey fried eggplant & plump moscato grape dressing
Our pleasure! Thanks for being a great fan. Come by in April and Check-in on FB for a free beer w/ dinner!
Iggy Pop on American Idol. Wrong and weird in so many ways.
First one out put the city on the map. But don't want the luv jus for us to be known.
#TeamFollowBack #Follow Me
enjoy yourself! I hope the writing flows well!
How adventurous of an eater is this 12 year old?
New GEDCOM, API for export/import, semantic data standards/schemas for genealogy data -- great new stuff being announced at #RootsTech!
glad you had a good time! Be sure to give us a good rating and I hope to see you next month!
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Do you think Reno has good musicians/bands? Tell us who you think they are...
#tweepswithtalent hi Jason! Good to know u!Kimba, what's that saying? O yeah,"takes one to know.."
My bracket survives another night. Two big games tomorrow.
Thank you so much. And I love all the points of interest on yours.
i just got off of work
Thanks, honey! :-)
I wish I lived in a condo
My favorite member of One Direction is because he's from Ireland.
Happy 5th Metric Birthday to my son who turn 5,000 days old today! I overlooked my 16 kDay & have to wait until Sep 2014 to turn 17!
Looking forward to tomorrow's event!
Morning twitter c:
I heart she is my favorite
the slider's working tonight, ladies and gents, Cuddyer does well just to get wood on that ball, still 1-2
oO no do I even want to know... my past or yours?! haha
right !!! I was what the heck. I still love me some j Cole ;)) no matter what
Driver's still around on Dancing with the stars? Any stars left?
where did you find the shoes
Seriously. RT : i am so worn out by partisan politics.
You think this is your grandfather's country? And you are above the laws? Bullshit! Don't mislead the public!
Of course not. You have lovely hands. Oh, and I recall a lovely singing voice, too!
I'd imagine Philly bloggers would taste sour, bitter and rancid. What sauce would you recommend?
Enjoyed a beautiful walk/exploration this afternoon and got back just in time for the rain to start. Perfect timing :)
Crap I got the new twitter. >.<
Kevin Kelly likes inventing neologisms, he just mentioned Ted Nelson and some of his neologisms: docuverse and transmedia
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Pull Yo titty out so I can taste the nipples of thm things on you...
The blog use stat was interesting. I had heard most blog platforms (not including SoMe) were down up to 25%
I try, I really try :)
We r thinking that we might try to find computer aides with some of these skills.
Your listening to The New Music Show X EFFECT at 11p I play 3 local bands, only 1 will return VOTE 702-791-1075
the whole world but me!:p
Why does everyone complain about what they don't have and what they've lost but never app. the things they have and the stuff they gained
I've been yelling about it and were going like 80 miles per hour Hahaha.
I think nobody would argue with you. The end of this season was INSANE!
I didnt play the hand i was dealt, i changed the cards.
Why does life have to suck sometimes? ???
I WISH BOSTON WAS IN THERE BUT I VOTED FOR CHILE BECAUSE IM ORIGINALLY FROM THERE MY FAM/FRIENDS ARE TERE SO IDID IT FOR THEM
We <3 our customers!
"Dark Shadows" = worst Tim Burton movie I've seen. But Johnny Depp was a hoot.
nah moving to my new place
Had lunch with the CEO of Time Warner Cable today. He seems like a nice guy, I imagined him being more viscious!
"...the arts have been marginalized as ‘enrichment. We’re trying to show that arts education is not only a flower; it can also be a wrench.”
Come out tonight if yer in Philly!!! Mutts's Art show Punk rock People Party..I go on at 9...Last rock out night bfor the storm???? And...
Tweet #LVWOMENSEXPO to try to win a nice gift card
Can Cal schedule someone to play on Thurs. so Stallings will quit whining??
OMG did the #Lakers lose?!!! Just F'd up my morning! <<<<
Art is either plagiarism or revolution. - Paul Gauguin
Word-Nerd Factoid: APIPHOBIA is the fear of bees.
The more people see something, the more it sinks in. Use similar content to tell a complete story.
Congrats! Welcome to the world of Groupon addiction
Haven't ate al day... I'm finna Max this Wendy's!
at ground level. You can just ride it right back to C-9 when you get to E-2a. Super cool
1429: Joan of Arc relieves Orleans (General Interest).
Movers available on Wednesday, 8th of February! Completely booked tomorrow, not even a slight chance of availability...
Downtown #Chicago smells like #chocolate this morning.
yeah bitch yeah bitch call me Steve o
Assuming this to me, I miss you too :/
'She's irrelevant, well I guess she's relevant cause she has like 500k followers on twitter'
Jeff Casteel thought to be in Tucson today reported on 1490 AM by Ryan Finley
#kids Elizabeth-Forward Branch - Preschool Storytime: Elizabeth-Forward Branch - Preschool Storytime Friday, May 18, 2012 at 11:00 AM...
in my skin . nd where have you been ?
show me how. I'm a fast study.
#NW The Town. Thank you HBO
i think hes still at the old place, he hasn't been seen since season 3. Maybe he'll come back some time soon.....
i adore you...gizmo is nowhere to be found. i'm scared he went looking for you in downtown. can be dangerous for a little guy.
yup we will be at the game that day. Royals are in town. Let me know
I showed my brother. We both loved it haha
FRI Dinner Salad Special:Mixed Baby Greens in a Balsamic Vinaigrette w/ Shaved Artisan Salami, Toasted Walnuts, Crumbled Goat Cheese
My man Sven is about to qualify for the 2010 Olympic team for Canada. You are so close. Make it happen.
Borin ass class...
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for.
Retweet this for a chance to win a $25 gift card to or
true true(: do u watch x factor?
when worlds collide...
life in 140 characters or less
There is a private party outside at the Scholz Garden. Plenty of room inside. Worth reconsidering?
R E T W E E T If you want 200 MORE followers ( #Must be Following - )!
Theres no surprise to me when just take over my whole TL in a day
My vacation proved that there is nothing I need less than Twitter. It's just....there.
Your performance tonight was so real! I felt the presence of god all over that song! I hope you'll have a record. God Bless!
o shit no way since hen do u have a twitter!!!
I'm so ashy
A British tradition: White rabbits! Have a good October everyone!!! :) Off to go hang out with my friends in an hour. :) xx Elle
FORGOT #sorry we're the sluts... I mean look at us...
Sorry Pre, Can't help with that then since we don't carry any current or historic minor league data
I just skipped a good ass eight days in my mind
Happy National Children's Book Week: Mon, May 2, 2011 - Sun, May 8, 2011. For a great children's superhero book www.FightersofJustice.com
Every one follow the official twitter of Nick Provo >>>
How exciting! We can't wait to hear all about it!
Taking coffee from the bank that I am about to get out of.
I want more sleep
I once drove down from Espanola to Santa Fe and watched the moon rise 3 times due to the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
Really?!?! my family is yelling to me about everything. everything everyone else did. everything i did. everything thats bad about their day
Kind of digging Mike Modano as an NHL analyst.
I think that's one of the reasons mobile will be so vital. SMS and smartphones are more widely available at all levels.
My week is going good:) have a great Friday.
#Varitek is more memorable for being only MLB player to catch four no hitters...OR as only Boston player to punch A-Rod in the face
Pretty sad that is given all blame in this series by people who hide behind a computer. #teamwins/teamloses
it not even ma birth day and u want to blow the candle out????!!!!!!!!!!
thnks for the reads Erik
Can we use the picture on KSTP? Thanks!
I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3”
Well anyways, I was director for two films, assistant director for one, & camera person for another
Game over, man. Game over.
RT tell my birthday twin I said HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!// I sure will n he said hbd to u this morning!!
So are China with us or against us? Do they love Christ or are they just trying to sell NYC liberals sushi and unchristlike sex massages?
Thanks man!
are the best. No doubt.
#RVA, you're sloppy tonight. Walk it off.
Feeling a #dairyqueen run coming on. I should resist....but I won't.
The PEAR device looks pretty awesome. Do you see results from it?
Ray Rice is the best elite back that no one is talking about...I really like the addition of V. Leach and T. Smith (to stretch the field)
Dude, its unreal. So excited.
happy birthday KT! Love you ❤
i do it
Today is Yom HaShoah, or Holocaust Remembrance day. We honor the memory of the 6 million Jews who died in the Holocaust.
Pursuit --> People --> Process --> Performance --> Purpose
Need inspiration? Watch this! I want to be this type of father.
Are you working on a channel for Blogger? I see you have one for Wordpress and Tumblr.
ME TOO!
It's high on my list! RT : Friday just may be my favorite "F" word!
If i had a minute or two until i die i would run to the store and buy a life saver.
The NIT is a time filler in the states as well. That's about its only purpose.
Finally watched Osweiler play. Bad decision making, accuracy issues, doesn't anticipate throws, forces things, not elusive within the pocket
bomb pulled pork sammy and a strip steak sammy. Strip steak scramble this weekend!
Still hate the hell and confused out of this Twitter nonsense..... FACEBOOK 4 LIFE !!! :)
5 Social Media Tips for Finding and Engaging Your Target Audience: New Research
The Welshman enjoying this last day of a splendid daddyweekend. I love my son!
#replacebooktitleswithbacon We Have Always Lived in the Bacon
wish I could see it via the virtual conference! :(
damn sue left
Im young so imma stay foolish
hmm sure your not evil aliens sent to take over the world lol
If our Soy Ponzu were a type of music what would it be? Classical, country, rock? Tell us in the comments below!
you're on our guestlist! :-) An email will be sent out this week with details!
You don't have to be born a princess, to become a queen.
What a great night to stop by the Aladdin Hotel. From $30 for 3 hours.....
Are your ears burning? and I are talking (nicely) about you.
pretty sure class "war" has caused many, many deaths.
Wrapping up in Taiwan, home tomorrow (Wed). CE updates coming.
Well noones allergics to my music! Like me on facebook/seatheskyeline and ill like you guys!
check out I'm liking it!
never thought cords could be that intense
Dis Couch Irritating Me
It's so good to have it back. I feel like my arm is complete.
Welcome aboard www.autoglasslocator.com and Thank You for your business!
Deep dish pizza. ftw!
You already know
Id add more vit. b & c..you can deplete yourself of vitamins with intense exercise, gotta refill!
The music that used to actually MEAN something. Not about sex and drugs.
Welcome to Twitter! You soon will be obsessed too!
- Lucky. I wished that I didn't have a Facebook. I now need it to update Facebook Pages as part of my job.
lol I think I can handle it but yeah when it's REALLY summer I'll be in the pools everyday!
How's the neck coming along?
Happy New Year. Best to all - JWM
Have a safe trip home! I'm bummed it didn't work out to meet up, but hope you had fun last night!
if you didn't get the hint, in your new contact picture, it's really just flipping you off. I'm a good friend.
Instagram has me confused on who I'm actually friends with
I know a lot of you tweeted and endorsed the Arab spring, How about some solidarity this Sunday for our Mexican neighbors? tt
Starbucks, chillen at karmaloop, selling drinks at boston marathon, then going out w/ cousin
Yoga and sewing!
so i was at chick-fil-a and i was wearing ur shirt and this girl that worked there said she used to go to school with you
everyone should go follow and stop bullying <3
got my bag? Make sure he scales it out
Getting excited to do the SAG gifting suite this Saturday!
Just got a big mac that looks like it came from a commercial...
dats weak. Need to Be n da chi
Is #FF still a thing? If so, then follow one of our babyfoods Yean: /te
When people smell so bad u gag.. But don't mean to do it.. To be rude
Love Mark Goldbergs Clam Chowder at Park
Thanks for the RT! Are you a Brachetto fan?
If you're a rising country music singer/band/duo/trio & would like for your single/record to be reviewed, we'd love to help u out! DM us!
When random nights turn out good >>
Cinco de mustard
Kinda bored now.
He saw the world as a battlefield in which the children of light were locked in mortal conflict with the sons of darkness.
I need it.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you weave pat before you get me a large French fry
me and and Kayla can go watch it now! I love you so much my day just got a billion times better:)
i suppose our friendship ends here.
there are no contradictions in the bible . U just need understanding and that's what Pastors are for.
J. Wice of #Wellesley: Accessibility should be built into virtual & physical spaces that that grow out of the LTS symposium discussions
I work for Franchise Tax Board. Try calling number or use LIVE CHAT -- which is NOT SECURE. Or DM me and maybe I can help.
#GetSpikeyMikeyTo100K let's do it iconiacssssss
All Directioners deserve their own opinion on what the boys do or don't do. Don't stick a giant dildo up your ass because you don't agree.
you're in a pageant!!!???
If you can read this the bitch fell off
Definitely! Let me know if you need my contact info.
will probably be in town this Wednesday for the next Beer && Code. Can I still come hang at BetterAt beforehand?
#supportlocalmusic Live, playing tracks. it's snowing. stop by the chatroom
Do they bury people with their braces on?
Yay! Hope you like it!!
Money team!
I know! and they haven't done anything since. Let's fire the right peeps already
Excellent, Introduce yourself 2 Kate, I am Tyler, social media director 4 Egg's Nest! Kate will heart your product I am sure
RT if you followed so i can follow you
oh shit dude, I just went to their website. they have some shoe called the Kama'aina. Looks badass. Def gonna get 1 for the trip
QT : "We could never be an item/ don't even like him/ You deserve better / this is ugly/ Gina, please don't love me" - Jay
Ladies if a man hits You Do not be afraid to show him the beast Out of you
wait until you get the ring, that's when it sinks in or when you put on the tshirt that says it
Free food, drink special, and the fans Of more do you need..oh I almost forgot bring your flashlight...
This game is about to get GOOD. #elclasico #forçabarça"
GOOD LOOKIN BRO!! RT Happy Birthday EHub, or "Big Mean" (but he sounds so nice)
US & #UN should understand that both #Assad govt & #MuslimBrotherhood are #terrorist orgs. #Syria = terror
Love this-go Jon! RT : Just like the old LG campaign days - sunday afternoon headed up I-81 to NOVA/Richmond w/ NASCAR on XM...
I've been listening to a lot of biggie lately.
I just imagine smelly feet.
Check out www.circuitcity.com. They have tons of inexpensive laptops/notebooks.
“: wait.. is tonight the premiere?”>>>yes ma'am!
You frotos haven't noticed I ain't no Joe Schmoe
Make that a 4 time Grammy Winner (Oscar on deck?) :-) Good to meet you!
Ambitious of success
What advice would you give someone moving to #WashingtonDC to work?
hahaha that was so funny!!! He was so happy to see me lol
Hacking would be the appropriate term. :) Just getting started w/ SL. Some really cool things from Firestarter last week.
Ha! When they hired me at work they actually said, "Let's hire the goth girl." Damn, people are wildly out of touch. ...And dumb.
i don't even know who this is
Anya made "chips" from kale. A little olive oil and sea salt as baked them. When they are crisp they're delish!!
Waking up to my dad shooting a squirrel out the window with a bb gun. -_-
I cant wait. Yes I can. Lol
it is!
Hi ho, hi ho (not hey, ho!). It's off to work I go!
Looking forward to an exciting theater audition later today!
I promised my lil bro I'd tell u he thinks ur new album is SICK...and so I've officially kept my promise;)
I MISS THEM TOO
TELL ME Y U MAD SON!!!! YO BUY ME A CHEESECAKE IM HUNGRY...hahahah!!!
nice work keeping the momentum going. Can't wait for the returned Sonics to play with 120 decibel crowd support behind them.
Who does one contact to submit music for wicker park fest? Thanks!
James Can You Pretty Please Follow Me?(: I Love Each Of You 4 Amazing Gentleman With All My Heart<3 Without BTR, I'm Nothing <3
#BlackParentQuotes Stand on your tippy toes so you can get on this ride. *Smh*
OMG my mom doesn't understand why is Jasons nicknames. Shes like he can't not have bones everyone has bones. Gosh mom... Haha
nothin at all still tired...u
happy momma's day:]
I think I need to leave this place before I have to catch a case (singing in my Mr. Bigs voice)
The brownies in my fudge sundae were strategically place at the bottom of the bowl.
Excited to interview the photosynthesizing sea slug guy!
Happy birthday to your father! My dad's birthday is today.
too tired to concentrate...need to nap...
#NHSRA board supports draft memorandum of understanding from SoCal transportation agencies seeking $1Billion for local rail projects.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY DEAR CÚPLA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!! EYAH!!!!!!
Men's calves in 18th century Europe were considered their most attractive feature. Why did this fade out of style?
We will be looking for a Social Media Intern starting in September. send an email to media at touchstonegallery.com if you're interested.
Imagine what the money would/will be like if UL gets in the Big 12
“: Kevin Laffey & I are coming, tonight Menage rocks the Sunset Strip like never before! :)” woohoo!!!!!!!
Omfg me and my cat farted at the same time when the beginning of black swan started
It really is not good to call people ugly. God created all of us; so your just insulting his amazing work.
I am still sleepy from coming home at 5:45am.
Half the team stuck in Charlotte .
Squats, lunges, deadlifts, pullovers, pullups, bench press, floorsweepers, run, now I'm done.
Cinnabuns are kind of fucked up when ya think about it.
I believe professed atheists to be as silly as those who promote their 'God'. Obviously there is much missing info.
watching last week episode of the lying game....need to catch up with a lot of shows :(
Largest Indoor hockey crowd ever in Pittsburgh. #wheredotheykeepfindingextraseats?
Whoever's in charge of telling old men when they have weird, long hairs growing out of their eyebrows/ears should be fired.
Wife picked up lunch on the way home and got me a banana pudding shake.
oh wait- olay is telling me about their moisturizer. got it.
Jay-Z aligns with budweiser? c'mon people! throwing concerts is expensive why you cryin?
eh I don't mind...I'm bored as hell down here. btw If you're going charger go SRT8. No need to go site lol
sad title :(
YOU FUNKY AS HELL
Shoutout to our users who shared w/ us how they used Mindbloom & Bloom* to build new habits in 2012! Share your story:
kourtni just laughed like a witch...
flirting gives me a Big ass kool-aid Smile ;; no hiding from that !
#whydopeopledothis break up and make up once a week
preety good just chillin here so whacha been up to??:D
People nor things can make you happy, it's an inside job.
I hope everyone has an awsome weekend and #QL can't wait to start distributing your alcohol needs and wants!
Don't know about you, but I am cool with brown and forty degrees all winter.
Yep. It also helps if you have an open mind. Some folks didn't like it because it was "unrealistic". Then again, how many are?
hell yeah man I'm sure we can work something out! Its not about the money over here :)
“: I probably have enough soffee shorts to clothe all of the homeless people in Africa”
Do not forget Valentine's Day held on 14 February. Everyone celebrates Valentine's Day, the day of love. It is a very special day.♥!!
Work within the institution to nurture the idea that good data management will ensure continued data integrity.
Ah neck sore, black eye.
Haha, strictly Facebook for picks now...5 mins to sign up!
Wheels up! #St.LuciaBound #MF Life
Last time I was up till 6am was one of the best nights of my life. This has been one of the worst.
Do people who cosplay dress up like normal people on Halloween?
Well my teacher gave me no homework today and tomorrow because those are the only to days we have this week! :{D
Mikes hard lemonade for Angelina (:
Well i hope dha best for u!!
I'll giveaway copies of my last compilation <>
Brain is clear from the holiday weekend and ready to rock on some marketing materials. Oh Yeah! #kool-aid man
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
thought Coldplay ended friendships?
Ugh, I HATE skiing.
I LUV MY TEAM!! AND THE ONE'S HELPING ME OUT NOW ARE THE ONE'S I GOT LATER!! AND I PUT THAT ON MY LIFE!!
Lmao Stan U so crazy never brand new, i just been chillin RT : you have a boo an wanna get brand new lol. Mmhm
In your opinion, does the government do too much or too little to protect endangered species?
RIP to my health
going to college now?? N 4months 2maro
In the mornings, I think I need to start main-lining Xanax instead of coffee.
yeah them 2
subway eat fresh!(:
can I please have my account back?! I already reported you to Twitter. Please. I'm on the verge of reporting you to the police
#Legal #LawFirm #JonesDay can save up to $483K per year on toner usage with #green software PretonSaver! bit.ly/n7Q5A8
Death is life's way of saying "You're fired!"
Please say it's not Ryan!
": Congrats to on their 200th NASCAR Sprint Cup victory by #NASCAR #RACING"
bi discourse adds much to JH's argument, but to argue from representation misses the point.
SONGWRITER/SINGER I'M ON MY GRIND
guess what? I changed my back round finally! :D
": I've been listening to Cudi all day, just one of those days" you depressed bro? Lol
Cena walking into Sun Life tonight odd like POTUS walking into GOP Convention.
Why do dirty bitches always leave nasty panties layin around? smh promoting nastyness!!!
is amazing that with just one click you can make me happy life :')
did u delete your Facebook?
RT : An extra special #ff to ... the 1,000th account #MagicBus followed! :) They're also a great company w/ a...
Maybe God less wants me to fix the world than to just be more myself.
we are all connected on a single channel, supporting our boys.. Il volo has the best fans in the world... in action
yeah... but only if you go to bed at 6pm!
Oh,I love the way you have Farded today!..Today I don't feel like farding!..I'm totaling gonna use those tomorrow! yes..i am still in school
Listening to Philip Glass through actual speakers for the 1st time. Untold basslines and other delights. World's happiest dweeb, right here.
Agree 100% Todd. He calls rvr w Jhi & good. Last nite he led w Khi on A22 flp, calls Lester's flp raise & good
no,we gav it to hs dad,we saw his dad gt off the tour bus so we gave I to him but we were 3rd row at the concert he loked at us!
Really starting to feel like the holidays! Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving
I need my Hair done
what picture did they go with?
This is probably the worst, weirdest, and most awkward night of my life.
m just maybe i will buy it :o lmao
oh my, Diane! You look fab! great to see you at function Homeland Awards. Good thing I don't wear khakis
Spring for some better quality wine tonight. Amazing what a difference $6 will make.
(((Rosemarie))) <~~~ A hug for you! Have a great weekend! Great to see you online!
Home and in bed by 10:30...well 11:30 #daylightsaving A sense of peace about sleeping....
Try out my VA services at an extremely discounted rate. Contact me for details. Have a good night!
If you're in LA, my wife and I will totally eat more of it with you.
Its to early in the morning for this..
Ah yes. God.
A1: The most successful leaders leverage and apply perception, visibility, and inﬂuence better than anyone else.
is spotify worth getting?
Tomorrow is Day 1 of our 7 straight Days at the WM Phoenix Open. Looking forward to seeing our SW Section PGA guys out there!
I suppose I have many of those moments
you know Rihanna's still gets panty soup when Chris brown performs
Baltimore you cheer for your football team more than your baseball team at the O's stadium
Bailey! You know you want to follow me!
Conaway: need to bring Car manufacturers back to Bmore. Thoughts???
Well we hope you all had a great Thanksgiving. I ate enough for a week, but it was great fun.Come by for coffee and tell us about your day
So bad I pet the boxer at Origami for 20 min, hoping she had magical ticket powers, or at least would console me with cuteness.
No lie he is the first man i have ever truly loved since mikey :/ ily debrien :)
somethings goin around, i got a cold and im NEVER sick
Can I get a refill ???
Today the world will change...tomorrow it will change some more...but the markets will still remain f'd up!
OMG...Rome? I've always wanted to go there. Why, why, why can't I work for you and go 2 cool places 2? Next time, I'm going!!
Feel free to send suggestions for a CLE Twitter username! Don't worry ill still tweet about the same stuff, but Colt is done so changn name
we need more help getting an #engineforshank! & need 2 b 33rd #Indy500 entry
Writers are happy when writing. Did you write something today yet? Short stories can turn into films!
I'm going to be severely disappointed if the #Twolves don't have a Rubio Slipper giveaway night. Go #Cavs!
You will find the key to success under the alarm clock. - Benjamin Franklin
and with a handshake, it is over
We certify that the MyShoppingGenie App contains no adware, spyware, malware or anything that interferes your computer or your privacy.
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away...Bil Keane
I've never had this problem. hahaha
