I do another class that has a lot of jumping and planks work in it. Maybe it's from that class... Either way, it's annoying.
My bitch is patient. Your bitch is boring. Fucked that Friday night we both woke up that Sunday morning.
That Hikari store is so worth going to. It's silly in there. Such a random assortment of items.
as of today i have joined Twitter
My timeline is in different languages. Shows how global my twitter is! #InternationalPage ^_^
Has anyone out there even been on the Body Ecology Diet??
my favorite dish would be the split decision breakfast!
I had an active life, until some idiot came along and introduced me to Facebook.
Hello! How's your week going? :)
Has that one #song stuck in the mind. Mainly because the #feelings are left unchanged.
Demon kitty tried to off the dog. Knocked his pain meds to the floor & dog ate 'em all. Vet induced vomiting. All is fine.
#Mayweather may be a douchebag but hes a great boxer and his record proves it
Hi, Red. Nice to see you pop up on my timeline. Hope all's swell.
Plus a new the #cape ftw
i know it man! first time i saw my face on the huge jumbotron in AZ performing i forgot the lyrics haha :p
is so funny to me!! Had me cracking up tonight LOL
wow i really must stop using the subway exit that plops me out next to Auntie Anne's Pretzels :-/
#askhugh season outlook for this really young secondary after trufant and Thurmond injuries. And how about Red Bryants effort?
nice article!
Favorite line from Pirates 4: "I support the missionary's position." The kids didn't get it. I'll explain in a few years...
boss *uh*
Have you ever been bullied? Yes I have I'm still being bullied and that's the reason for the cuts
is it racist to suggest that the #DetroitTigers win MORE when most of the team is Latin or is it just a fact? chek the rosters vs # of wins
Morning people! What's shaking? We got a lot of snow outside and I don't wanna go anywhere
I am
If I had one wish, I'd wish people didn't wish for guys to never wear flip flops
RT : Today the LDS baptized English King Henry VI a Mormon. Finally! He can now be married to all 6 wives at once!”
Top of the morning! It's Monday. Back at it, right? How was your weekend?
Congrats to film being on ABC family!
Sat on a really nice Plan II Thesis w/Hoberman. It was on the farce of amateur collegiate athletics.
omg I just wanna get better... ð
Out of curiosity, what kind of pesto do you guys use in the Gorky?
Open the door and walk through.
"He rides himself. That is so meta." - Miles Sanguinetti about dates.
Oops, thanks for the correction :)
OH MY GREAT GOLLY GOSH you guys are comn to Ny in December :0 I'll beg my dad to but me that as my "christmas gift" <3
Official video shoot for our 1st Single of 2012"Wild Style" will be next week on the 23rd. Hit us up for extras. We'll be all over Austin!
i'm great ;) but yes, tomorrow is monday ;/ i hate mondays.
Hello out in Maryland! Thnx for the follow. WE followed back. #SocialMedia "WE work greater than me"
Zumba'd to Justin Bieber, Britney Spears and One Direction today
hahaha snap. mills got ya.
ew she probably just leaves it in the middle of the street too. not even the grass. all up on the cement.
Wanna be successful hang with successful people
Long day of shooting! My whole body is sore!
My QR Code Muse has inspired me to QR-ify the art show and poetry cafe at our school tonight! Stay tuned!!!
Ha! I had a suspicion...
If food actually looked how it did in commercials we'd all weight 500lbs.
Kidd/ball movement provided his offense. Melo/Amare are ball stoppers.
The LL post was nice. Especially because it was a "look here someone did something right". There aren't enough of those.
but here's the thing: they're not very good.
Holy banana pudding! Happy BD, TJ. Hope it's a great one. Much love.
without his phone is like a fish out of water
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you get lost on the way home from ur dads store that you've been to multiple times -____-
Facts: The victim should use any employer complaint mechanism or grievance system available
our writers are hitting the shops to score more Jenga games for tomorrow's happy hour @ Moe Bar
RT : will be at #1tday Union Sq 4pm! Can you say JUBILEE?! Bring your loan statement to destroy!
Niche hunting and wondering when the ugly snow in our backyard will finally melt. When you have three dogs...
Shall I call about the 6th then? A private 5:30 tour?
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack on a croissant with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup.......$6.95
Buy me easter elites so they go with my slippers!!!!
I wish - going to indoor Lax tomorrow night watching the little dude work on his left hand and take some big rips.
I'm from Angola! Where is your shop going?
Surprisingly there is a slight line at Target this AM for Jason Wu collection
Looking forward to #ARMA11 this month. Haven't been to DC since college - so excited to take a tour of the National Archives.
Watching #FearFactor amazing show!
oh, but you took the first shot, BOY. Either rate, i am dropping it. Continue if you want, i am done
If you're an advertising agency and you ever, ever propose a commercial with a CG baby then you're doing it wrong.
Always for the LULZ, Always!
Everyone who protects their tweets must have taken an
would love to feed sometime. Next time you are hungry remember us. We feed a lot of your teammates already.
I love groceries, but I hate going to the store to get them.
If you depend on others to make you happy, you will be endlessly disappointed.
3 tickets available in that section - red bulls have big names - will see
Boom, bitches.
thanks for following us! We'd love to work closer with JWJ and get all chapters to screen our film
too funny. Did the outfit make up for the backpack? I can never get over a man in a suit with....sneakers. Ick.
I am now a mac owner!
...I don't like Skype but I think I can still access my old AOL screen name: hendrixz99. Hit me up.
“: Come pick me up, take me out, fuck me up, and steal all my records #randyrogersband” what song is that?
Well, we'd love to have you! When are you going to come in, soon? :)
awaiting news from Wall Street, stock market expected to open down (Europe's fincl woes), mortgage bonds up --> rates drop again?
we saw you twice at the Digitour!! call 4692330513 please :)
"The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them."
Today I am thankful for the people, things, and experiences in my life that make the other 364 days each year worth living.
live update about 270 situation right now on 10TV
Thanks for reading my book, Clouded Rainbow!
TONIGHT WE HAVE OUR EXCITING KARAOKE NIGHT!!!!
Thank you for RTs. We appreciate. <3
" #askforID and you'll be worry free"
#YouKnowYoureBroke if you ask someone to pay your cell bill and it still gets turned off
Not only that but the #tacomac manager was a complete jerk. Avoid Suawnee #tacomac at all costs
Happy Chinese New Year!
thanks for that, but I'm not takingg them, I only technically have 12 school days left. 18 real days
thanks man! Well look into it! plan on us staying with you!!!
I fcking miss u
y'all be ccarefully!
Dude, I am totally going to do a final count of all the words I have written since Friday come Wednesday.
Hotels &amp; Lodging Stock Outlook - May 2012
Listen to Ty. She is wise and gives good counsel. See you at
My thoughts and prayers go out to Cody and the entire family.
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com
Thanks! I'll update the link.
Good Morning :)) <3
I'm so bored!
"..so hes getting there next week." My bro is coming next week :D
#P.S. an #MLS is a prerequisite!
thank you! great references....
you go
Its amazing how two imperfect people, fit together perfectly.
Does this mean no more postgame Talkin Touches?
beatles sing along is the best office activity on a Friday...
West coast, best coast. The sun saves the best for last.
I love the conversations that I have with she always knows how to make me think and also make me laugh nonstop
shut-up :D
sure do
Looking forward to finally meeting on Saturday and of course seeing the always lovely, (I love the Princess)
The Library Bay
Make each day your masterpiece. - John Wooden
Quickbooks 2009 Release 8 - Major New Release Addresses Online Banking and Much More ~The QuickBooks Gal
Can't wait to see your space tonight at the International Antiques Fair!
cool came up with the name!! hit me up
do you want to do karate in the garage?
Pistachios and Ice cream cake here :(
Wishing I could be at balboa park! Can't wait to hear/see/experience ideas generated from the conference
Yes, i am so happy and HONORED :) if there will be next time, i will surely grab you! miss ya too :) go here?`
we'll see bout that when you play against me! Jk
must b yo lucky day lol
It was ideal end-of-school-year reading for a former English major. Will be curious to hear your end verdict...
Gordon wanted to give them each something from the café before he died. Hermia was the "salt" of the earth...
Ok school and work kicking my butt... come on 430 I'm ret to go...
I needa win contest. Please pick ME l0l.~. Ive Never won a contest :[
Ducks get the turnover back, Pryor intercepted at the Ducks 43.
The lines have clearly blurred. Even the definition of core games has changed.
Today, I discovered my rhomboid muscles.
Depression sucks man
Getting in shape for summer pools! Feels so good to sweat.
": thanks for having me on today" Caught you this AM. You were great as usual
Happy Valentine's Day! Wake up with the love on the !
Oh and Chucks lol
I'm standing up with a orange shirt
When he talks to you<3
I knew he wasnt African Amer when I tried that neck move thing & needed a chiropractor.
"Give me a museum and I'll fill it." - Pablo Picasso
swweeet ;) you're really pretty btw.
It's so darn Cold!!
and just wonderinq. OMG every sixth qrader is a wannabe
that's one of the funniest things I've seen this week.
auditions for arabian nights information announced. www.actorsbridge.org
Wow, what a group. Here goes!
Agreed. But it might be a product of this too-long q&a.
oh ok ha idk then lol
its 11:11! Make a wish!(: i wish that you would notice me and RT or DM me!(: <3
If I do, will you follow me?? ;) Never mind, I'll buy it anyway ♥
Glimpse of my mood, y'all: This terrible cover of "Walking In Memphis" is giving me all the feelings.
Phablet = Phone + Tablet. Looks like the Galaxy Note is just the start. To me they look like a phone Pee Wee Herman would have.
Back in Manila-an earthquake, an aftershock and bad roads but amazing time with tribe. Danced with a princess ate beetlenuts and jammed.
RT Bright hopes for exercise and character development have turned (somehow) into vacuuming, mopping, and dusting.
Off to Graduation 😊🎓
Oh how I've missed tweets
fuckkkkkk. and are playing a show together on sunday. and i cant go. i hate life.
Thanks for following ! We're listening to your music right now and loving it! Let us know if you make it to Milwaukee!
be positive! it's friday!!!!
Heard on radio TODAY: If you don't stir yourself up you are going to sink to the bottom
Chrontendo 44 was way better than the Brewer game, btw. Nice gameboy retrospective, River City Ransom, Holy Diver, and Taboo.
I think a little after 8 but I'm not sure. We'll let ya know :)
u remember when jay was throwin him 20 balls a game in denver? man had a permanent smile...gonna see some more of that here
will you be coming to NC?
hey brotha! Caught you and wood bros in Madison last fall. Caught ZBB last sat. Why don't yall bring wood bros to SF soon?
#1000games Staios is a true professional. Great season and great career accomplishment
S/o to for understanding me, ily
as always appreciate the support, bang next!!
I work on Monday evenings until about 8pm, but I'd love to run down to you wherever you are afterward to give you a hug.
too bad it's not true. So your dreams didnt come true. They are perfectly fine. :)
Passing outt.. first day at EMG3 tomorrow
Emma Hill >>>
Every person who advocates for any "Stand Your Ground" law has a part in #Trayvon 's execution and needs to own up to it.
shouldn't the dot dot dot come after the word "yet"?
Just a reminder that A Room Of Our Own will be today at 6:30 p.m. in the O'Connell House. We will have poets, singers, dancers and more!
We are incredibly excited to announce Weiden + Kennedy as a sponsor of our CSTS event on June 24th! Get your tickets now!
WAIT. Which one?!
Okay I see how it is blame it on me when YOU didn't text back.... Not my fault...
Had a great time at Green Festival at Navy Pier...it was great seeing Jennifer Moran at the booth
If Devin Harris blocks your shot, it's time to quit basketball.
Late for english. Meh, no fucks given.
go to or to learn more.
yeah I don't talk to alot of people on here. So I just don't really ever have to check it.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone towards heaven...Henry Ward Beecher
I think my goal today is to quote the office non-stop. With that being said: Fact. Bears eat beets. Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Hopefully knicks win tonight :) .
Hope that wasn't your taxes you were trying to mail!
What is your #donor really passionate about? Ask: What gives u the greatest fulfillment?
Lmao I can never win. But goin to bed. Love you & ! Night!!
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type Grandson gets brain freeze
Have more. Come visit. Making risotto tonight.
And anyways I'm on medication because of her and my dad I have to also take a blood test and I'm intensivly depressed
will we get an email telling us if we are one of the lucky few?
Right back atchya girl! XO
It might be time for a new avatar for me. I'm taking suggestions.
Thursday 7 of our talents will be shooting a video for UBI software- Congratulations to all of them
Bebo use to be good but it has been getting laggy lately with all the ads like MySpace has gotten
Seems like an opportunity for innovation 'Just 5% of Americans accounted for half of our nation's #health care costs in 2009'
Thanks for the shout out !!!!!
Super Shapes
You travel to Borneo while the web community gathers in Austin. I like your style.
hahahahaha......I guess :)
Clipper Game Is Crazy! 15 technical fouls in the series, wtf these nigga wildn!
His attitude <
Thanks! Happy Easter to you too!
Just got mega nostalgic while looking at my afternoon snack (apple). I can see my Granny's hands wielding a knife, curling the peel just so.
He texted me and was like i love you ten minutes ago out of no where ! : /
i have such a round face.
wedding with zack :)
What number Hunger Games is depicted in the first book?
Two Chrysler plants earn Fiat's efficiency benchmarks A Chrysler Group assembly plant in Canada and a U.S. engine plant achieved the high
"Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third."....Let this day bring you much joy and happiness....
thats awesome mark! Happy Bday! See you in class tomm morning :)
..man, you just don't KNOW!
eh.. i guess not.
I hope he goes on tour with them.
Don't be too tough on yourself; raising kids is tough and tricky. Sometimes I feel like they're totally raising us.
It's official. Monday's still suck!
It's a nice day outside... if you're not wearing black on black... and jogging 2 miles... Im pooped.
#Bordeaux #wine tasting tonight means some seriously purple teeth.
Enhanced Xilinx Real-Time Video Engine Accelerates Path to Production for Next Generation ...
Film shoot is over.Rescuers were fabulous! Mass grave at Giedraiciai was one of the worst. Yesterday went to Jewish cemetery in Vilnius
LIKE LEGIT I SCREAMED EVERYONE TO SHUT UP ON THE BUS.
We will be hiking and creekstomping this weekend! Love getting out in nature, just beautiful!
Heading out to east view to check out the new Lego store. Any one know where in the mall it is?
Just took my hair down . . . Officialy lookn like
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you tell me you love me and you mean it.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 4
Ah.! Morning
Happy 4th every1! Def blessed to be an American!
umma bring my ps3 to your room
Wow very cool. I wish I would have watched the whole season now.
We had several wonderful projects by the students. Our goal has been to average $2 per week. Wow, each student is accomplishing this goal.
On International Day of Migrants-March w NICE (New Immigrant Community Empowerment) to Wall Street! 12/18 1:30-5 Foley Sq. to Zuccotti Pk
yayyy! I'm excited. But I gotta tell you something about it...
yes I love to laugh. I would love to see you laugh as well so maybe I should come down for this session :)
inbox me on da book
Thanking God for all his blessings <3
Luv u too haha and I am smart how many times do we have to go thru this Bestfriend?!
Yup - I just needed something simple. Easy to set-up, manage, etc.
wait till its her birthday hahahha
yeah and ok
let me find out obama is n oklahoma
RT : And 750 Rays fans go crazy!!
You are gorgeous!!! Do I need to say more?
I am so glad you liked it!!
Everybody in Baltimore is tweeting about this thunderstorm! I wish I was home so I could witness it! I lovee the rain..
Brought some things out to occupy las vegas today, good people, join me in supporting them if you get the chance
GUYZ HELP. i need a metaphore for what the last two years have been like (school wise)
What a blast to listen to thanks.
Remember ladies, your body is a temple, not a theme park
Learn & Learn: Citation today 12:30pm in the ASC. Check it out!
Mike Mayock thinks the Bears will take Chandler Jones with their first pick. Chandler Jones' brother is Jon "Bones" Jones. I approve.
Ice Cream! Chocolate chip, my favorite! :D
i'll break my own leg just to beat you with a crutch
New music coming soon!!
Why you being a stranger? ": that's delicious. Been a while."
man pr Rog plays so different than alucarD ( Antwan ).
HUB designers representing this Friday! Excited to be inspired by
...and they fired their players on opening night.
Had a great time at Actorfest, interviewing Master Talent Teachers for Show !
Chicks with really high pitched voices<<<
Pictures are so Decieving
Word that bitch mad cause I took the spot, well bitch if you ain't shittin then get off the pot :) -Nicki minaj
You and me both! I can't wait to go back!
#tweetme your best makeup looks!
Thanks for following me!
congrats and love you guys!!!
iDonn't Wanna Lose A Good Thing.<3
Lately mine takes a long time to start up due to indexing a workspace. Annoying.
On the other hand, I just got art for my first fictional picture book, Mustache Baby. Wow! This art would make 1,000 rewrites worthwhile!
FINALLY, FINALLY get to see my scott family after over 9000 years:)
So my phone just updated andnow its stuck at the android screen
I feel like running or dancing or something. Have way too much energy for almost midnight.
Thanks for spreading the word! Have your followers register with code SPKR11 for FREE innotech passes to their session.
it's looking like a Happy Friday ;) And amazingly great weekend. What's on your "fun-list"?
When preparing to travel, lay out all your clothes and all your money. Then take half the clothes & twice the money!
Why are you smiling? "Because I know something that you don't know. I am not left-handed."
The PARTY'S just starting!!!! ;)
This wind <<
You too -- happy (early) Parkinson's Awareness Month!
Got my #TRX today. Will be using it to take my #TMTraining to the next level. See you in about 6 weeks
Back at the cell time.. I hope we sell some shit.
I had a dream that I had a cool looking hipster mustache.... wat.
An excellent case study of a Wisconsin Small Business leveraging social media effectively:
Really need a freaking vacation!!! Planning for New Orleans in July!!!
She whack bro
This is #GolfWang do or die....
Who is ready for crews and tanks?
MMI? If so, nice choice!
section E!
Wouldn't know - I had no interest in the "Winner gets to go to L.A." Bowl. Norv Turner doesn't scare me. Primetime does.
Rabbit rabbit
LIVE IN DA STUDIO
You find a hole in the wall... see the world through new eyes... LOVE Ilijah. They're all over the Ethic stereo for Local Music Thursday!
Thanks Din for this article. How are things in medical school?
Trying to follow backchannel for #openeverything NYC, attend #mw2009, write #arlis2009 presentation. All okay until the phone rang!
Searching for the right words. Do they even exist?
Just booked a Saturday appointment with a new client after blasting a summer special to my Facebook friends!!
I'll count back from ten, and you an listen to glass hearts shattering.
omg haha!!! Is he good?
Bob & Con on the Showcase Technology Stage at 1 pm today!
hi Lance!!!! I miss you!!
worst thing about #Easter weekend is definitely #ham eww
Headed to the Symposium. Couldn't think of a better way to spread some love for our military than at #CCME2012 in Orlando!
I miss all the people I use to talk to.. Where are you guise?
Sounds like its up to Zorn. He may want to sit the year out. Hearing its his job if he wants it.
The RAQC is at Lakewood's Earth Day Expo! Fantastic crowd and lots of great info. Come by and say hi!
Love me or hate me but you will respect me!!
Show Saturday in Red Oaks, Georgia!
enjoy your last day of freedom, Peabody students! & welcome to the new class of 2014!
Im wonderstruck blushing all the way home
Good luck today Dan-O. Wish I could see it but I'm pretty sure it won't air in Philly?
If your business does not offer free WiFi, please don't have a protected WiFi named after your business. Thank you!
Yeah, you already you got this shit locked
"To make your brand message matter in a world made dumb by digital noise, you need a global ideas shop that knows how to be relevant."
i dont have very many friends
go worship your shirt in the hallway and we will watch our Championship banner wave!
you should see where I am right now! Lol
the blackest night beckons my souls light
History Professor! #WOFCOLLEGEWEEK :D
Wtf is a weekend warrior
hahahaha well I mean let's be honest I think everyone does lol
where you working?
No hangover here...went to today to do some yoga. Going to be sore tomorrow.
Hey wats up how r yhu
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
gearin up for a full day of #digiday tomorrow
y sing that song? Y not a pretty one??
Rather than wasting time worrying about drunk driving accidents, why don't we all just start driving bumper cars?
aha thankyou and sure (: hi twitter friendd
Krav Maga Academy has now added Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to it's full curriculum. No Gi Grapple
thanks girl. my father did most of the work laying the base rocks and sand but the brickwork today was fun ^.^
RT : Things are looking up for us, as they begin to lOOk bad all over the world...HAVE FAITH IN GOD!! - Thank you for this!!!
Your girlfriend's a ton of fun (;
Yes, I moved out here in March, having so much fun out here! So many opportunities here and driving to auditions now is a breeze!
#S573 Periodically check in on the conversations library professionals are having (tweets, blogs, magazines, [un]conferences, etc.).
What same thing happened to me and i got destroyed. fail haha
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein
Who's rockin wit me this mornin?!
And - thank you, sir, for the
Becky & Puck are too funny.
Hi, I'm trying to get in touch for a story--contacted media@ but haven't heard back. Can you email me? jroy AT observer DOT com
Do you follow The Masters Gathering?
Melo is the most overrated basketball player of all time
♀Life is a living & learning experience — when you’re done being its student it’s time to be its teacher♀
#ThatOneFriendWho isn't really a friend u just tolerate them lol
We are still working on the album. Get you that track soon. You'll have to send me your ep!
Yes we should. Text me 304.356.1464 & we'll figure something out.
I still cant tell whats real ._.
If dat one same person retweets everything u tweet he/she probly feelin u..
Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers RT : With #MarchMadness over bring on #FrozenFour Go #Gophers!!!
aint u suppose to be listenin instead of tweetin?
Up early to get my hair done
Canadian carrier WestJet Airlines wins slot auction at LaGuardia and will offer eight daily roundtrip flights from LGA.
I use to take em for the team but now i just take one for my queen
Yes no hw for once! Plus I think he likes me! x3
Got new lipstick! Yay!!
1000pm The Take Over with DJ Bizzon – FREE SHOW
should have been done that
The people on Shake It Up are such horrible dancers.
As we ask and listen more deeply everything will be revealed to us. Trust the inner guidance which you can connect with through writing.
all I can say is that #yourebeautiful (: please follow back!(:
What time you guys go on tonight?
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere EXPENSIVE.. Take that bitch to the GAS STATION..
& is always on at my house! Good Stuff!
Random Thoughts: Obama is spending more time at Camp David in the first 100 days than any other PORTUS. I guess it's better than Chicago.
so its about that time to go to bed #goodnight :)
Every once in a while you'll find someone who is truly God sent. Keep your eyes and heart open, you never know when that person may arrive.
might not even save the sox!
#YouCantSayYourGrownIf you do not love yourself and others.
Just beat Plants Vs. Zombies.
Game time for next round?
I'm sorry, I thought no salsa, no tomato. We'll hook you up next time.
haha cool. See you tonight inshallah. You didn't see my new whip yet :-)
Just made a pact with strawberry applesauce that I won't brush my teeth before eating it ever again. Ever.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
RT : #careerchat TODAY. . . we are talking QR codes, if you love them or hate them, we want to hear from you! Join us at 12 CST
Any officers in Camden, NJ who are looking for work, Philadelphia Zoo has open positions in the Department of Public Safety....
Yeah I plan to do a lot of traveling but I'll be there when you come home. We'll catch up!
Once you have your own concept in your business, you need to define your niche and remain focus in filling that niche.
Awww, thanks for the FF! I love the company!
grand opening in Chicago. So jealous! Please come to Boston soon, because your cupcakes are THE BEST!
Stay in the present... It's good for your health
I don't see how that is a bad thing at all. Hahahahhaha.
with the marlins out, isn't it inevitable he resigns w/Cards
Had an amazing time at the dance<3 But they only played one Justin song -_-
If you guys love , follow and jessedaley_il!! <3
yes but alas me here up long island NY ... Mistress in New Jersey i go for weekend training sessions sometimes
" 's opinion of #ThinkLikeAMan was hilarious!!
Will I get Arrested for closing my bank account ?
grandma burn
I will treasure july 14th,because it is the day I go to my first concert. Thank you for making this dream true <3
lol oh alright if u say so
We discover the Beauty of Simplicity when We give up the need 2 explain the Mystery & simply EnJOY it.
Looking forward to the day in
I SEE YOU SAVANNAH
u dormin at ga state or gettin an apartment?
reaping the benefits of the speciality beer market? Services designed to develop, maximize & tap the craft beer potential.
Just woke up! :D.
Good Night Twitter!!!
I'm still up mobbin
$5 FREE with every $25 Gift Card Purchase. Tis' the Season to give Tavern Gift Cards! Now through December 31, 2011 receive a $5 Bonus...
Thank you Jason Rain with Legacy House Media for telling me about Dragon Dictation it is fabulous.
Why is sleeping with a woman like a soap opera? Cause it's the same tired old plot, year in and year out.
Thirsty? $3 Silos for everyone, including our guests !
Honestly, when I get a text from you... My heart skips a beat <3
ahh Sunday only thing i like about you is good dinners
Thanks so much! It's a tight contest. We need all the help we can get.
Using the term "nerimon pants" a lot with Belen at Forever 21
We may recruit you in the near future! But we just took a short hiatus. We'll be back for the start of 2k12 :)
I never want to say my best days are behind me. I never want to be lukewarm, again.
Trying to tweak a Tumblr theme to fit our needs. It'll be used for when 140 characters just aren't enough.
Merp. Im so bored!
What a lovely Thanksgiving!
difficult rules at the church today, not mad, but sad for the images that will rob the bride & groom of
Unfortunately Ezra Masch had to cancel rehearsal today but be sure to catch an open practice this Tuesday from 3-4.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms!! Have a mimosa on me. One more can't hurt and may just get dad laid.
Victoria Secret SemiAnnual sale tomorrow :) WONDERFUL.
You can email your brother @ if you wish. Just want to know you are ok.
" Mudding tonight! #summer #sohappy " so jealous! I wanna go!!
good weekend
Really wants to see God is the Bigger Elvis.
I have an opportunity if ur in the area
I don't know, I asked her and she told me today she is not locked into any convention or set to attend any.
Counting down to stickyballs and karaoke
Shut up Rush and keep on talking.
Going home now :p
Welcome to the dark side.... Or for us Mac-o-philes, the bright side!
is chipchattin it up at #goredsea in with
Glad to see that my Comcast service has joined with Teachers Union in show of support by not working.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people who can't be thereselves cause everyone else is taken.
thx sir! -CV
Sharks eating people...
We look forward to hearing back from you! Thanks!
1900s KC would be SWEET. Can I still bring my cell phone?
where should I get legacy's name tattooed?
😊oh my goodness I was starving all day idk how in even hungry after last night lol. But now I have whataburger and my bed. <3
Open government, open data. Hope Senator Eldridge wins this tomorrow.
#rapevideo wow Outta control... can't believe peeps tried to distribute it too...lock them guys up quickly
RT : You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there. Unknown
Just landed in LA for big #sportsbiz TV shoot.
I hear that. A job is a means. Not an end. RT via : I loathe the phrase, "You should be happy just to have A job."
Glad to be a part of making dreams come true! Can't wait to send some cookies out to you :)
thanks for the RT Melanie ;-)
Blue turtles rock (:
: I Love you back
Dear #Austin weather, you've really outdone yourself this time. Yee haw!
watching a band full of hardworking friends
I woke up from a nap and my mom goes, "I made you a coffee. Sorry, it's butter pecan." Um. Why did I move out again?
Had a wonderful "weekend" in New Hampshire with a great friend. Now it is back to the city and time for rehearsal!
Ascension! Free your mind and the rest will follow!
Our new site is almost done yeah
yeah, Silvy will not steer ya wrong! Love the guy!
can't beat them, join them? Haha... And overpower them with a mombomb :)
#Marilyn Monroe by #Nicki Minaj is simply perfection!! I really hope its on the upcoming album! #Romanreloaded!!
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
watchin the highlights of the game ....yeaah for the Eagles!!!!
I just might. I'll let you know offline.
I hope today is better than yesterday
"It's kind of fetal alcohol syndrome-y." - RE: Justin Long's face.
its your employer who is beating the 2 stories to DEATH.... Let's talk a little baseball ESPN. Whatcha think QB KILLA?
7 more days for Diego Amador in concert, here in ABQ! Can't miss it, simply can't...
Cold worth it for a rapids win...does this mean I care about soccer
Father of accused: Martin beat him
Opened today and saw I made the best sellers list with Jackie After O.
The voiceover is like an old NFL doc: "Herzog is stranded in the jungle with a 300 ton steamship that won't move. And time is running out."
ARISE FROM THINE BED AND WALK!!!!!
WOW! The Catholic Church is against PAULS RYAN'S BUDGET PLAN. PAUL I hate to tell you to SUITE-UP BRO you are on your way to HELL. NLD Mom
Happy new homeowners at Nona Terrace!! Welcome to the Lennar Family!!
SO STOKED!!!! Seriously, I cannot wait. It's gonna be (already is!) an awesome project.
So happy I walked away...the best thing I ever did. What a mess!
What's your iPhone/iPad game idea? with your game idea. What would you LOVE to play?
Problem child??
Lets do this! RT : tonight w/ Get ready!
could you use help building any schools or clinics? we would like to help
NEVER ages and stays so sexy...in a older man, friends granpa kinda way. Wait, I may need therapy. Nevermind.
Idea for blog: DARK SHADOWS--the old series then speculate on Burton's upcoming film.
I need to update my Headshots with How do I go about it?
UPDATE: Powell Blvd EB open now between 99th and 104th...WB side still blocked...traffic being flagged through the area.
aww hope you feel better
Fuck reality! Welcome denial.
Luna Lovegood is trending! :) The reason I got into acting. :D
Great news! Eye-meltingly beautiful artwork in your last update. Next stretch goal: crowdsource-designed grue tokens?
Kansas City We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I need some help staying awake.
Would a chorus or two of the Hallelujah Chorus be inappropriate now that the students have gone and vacation officially started?
Friday Happy Hour: Blackened Gold at Toki Underground
I knew you would see it that way lol but yea it's a good song
Please All he would have to do is sit bear chested and he'd get at lest an 12 from the judges 1 from Carry and Glen and a ...
i appreciate your support every week so much. It really means so much to me
Salute these great engineers highly recommend these guys !!!
#cre Retail: it's coming full circle. Smaller spaces, local and personal!
I sure don't haha XD It's not long... I mean probably. I don't have school the next day, because tuesday we have off.
Tom Terrific: I hate you. What a fantastic season of mostly being in first. good thing you look good in silver.
Hell, I sucked it up and did just that last weekend while mowing the yard.
:) RT : I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
*brain fart*
Xmas since '99 - has a nice ring to it.
Victorious!!! Its on
Shes dum!!! She said i love you too and she didnt mean it!! Love isnt a game if you say you love someone mean it!!!
Like mothers, taxes are often misunderstood, but seldom forgotten.
At the Collaboration welcome session, Kara just told us to use cllv11. Didn't Cisco circulate a memo?
RT : Absolutely ridiculous #Diamondbacks fan got kicked out of #Rockies game for throwing HR ball from Rockies back onto field ...
the Jam have fired back in Q4, have taken the lead 95-94 with 6:18 left in the game
Celebrating my March 18th Birthday this weekend in #NewOrleans for St. Patrick's weekend imma have me a green N.O.
how are these verified accounts following me?!?!? i feel special
when you had vertigo what was the deal? Jason feeling tipsy not in a good way...
Remember that communication is key for any type of relationship
I get you. But we need the ugly people. If everybody was beautiful, then nobody would be.
WE HAVE CABLE! WOO
I just realized that One Tree Hill is back in exactly one month!! Can't wait!
Q: Which way did the programmer go?A: He went DATA way!
i know! you're only a 'breakout' if you're a 9 year old (Hermione) or 11 year old kid (Weasely) in Harry Potter!
Thanks for the #FF! Go Badgers!
if u turn on tutorial on your first turn u swipe twice really fast then you person turns around then your cheating
So I'm guessing slate passed? Congrats!!! Hope you're having an awesome year.
Hollins for Bass? With the offense struggling? Disagree. So does Bass apparently, looks upset on the bench
Hit me up for your Graphic Needs! Holiday Pre-View Sale is still going on until the 28th! Can you find great work for a better price? NOPE!
This unknown # calls me to tell me that I ordered 25 boxes of pizza .... HAHAHA u stupid ! ... I just got prank called -__-
I know that not every couple feels such deep friendship for each other
told u it just died right as u said that haha
remind me to reprimand him for that.
Nice win #capitals!
Please let time fly
Man I really hope the bell rings soon cause I have to shit.
are you bi or something?
Hot city rooftop. Fresh herbs in pots. Cool infused candies with a taste of summertime coming soon.
Why cant i just eat whatever i want and not worry about gettin fat?!
I'm thankful that the plane broke down AFTER we flew from the US and landed and BEFORE we got in the air for the next leg of our trip.
Good Morning to the Strippers that just gave her Kids Lunch Money.. Now his hands smell like Juniper Breeze & Lap Dances!
We are looking for some fresh new faces for an upcoming catalog for FEMALE tank tops and v-neck shirts for the Summer 2012! MSG for details
want to be a writer: put one word in front of the other. dont worry about making it good. good comes later: story first. story, story, story
wk 1..healthy...lucky..ga lookn ahead to sc...wk in & wk out boise wouldnt win 3 sec games..no depth at skill positions..
Idk whether to take that as sarcasim or not!
delishiiiiious. Thank you!! Waiting in anticipation for prod. To come to Seattle.
Sir Paul's previous performance N song was stella. His songs are like reading new verses from the song Bible
We are excellent in creating eye catching presentations for your next meeting, school project or business pitch! Reach out to us today!
Hard to believe that we have 50 public relations professionals in this room for #CHESPRA and no one is tweeting!
Drop me a DM, I'll see if I can help you out.
lmaooooo i know right? he's so adorable, it's great
If you don't wrap it you could get something you really don't want... Practice safe squeezing, use a SquE-Z.
Any guy can love a thousand girls...but only a rare guy can love one girl in a thousand ways.
So De'Andre Puked On My Hair Straighteners.. Won't Be Using Those Again.
U never saw CUJO?
Learning with/from those around you, virtually or in person
Chicken adobo 2 nights in a row... SO good!
will set it up, were always looking for scrims tho
We miss you too!
Has anyone seen the #supermoon tonight?
Just made CD's with nothing but on them for the long drive to EDC!
just watched it also.
Haven't been home in a few days, couldn't find my laptop, later found out strategically placed on a stool in front of the throne, I'm guilty
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
Haven't had a chance to read Jonathan Steinberg's excellent biography of Bismarck? A great (and shorter) lecture at LBI is online...
This man is listening to "beez in the trap" .. lmao.
How do you center yourself?
Ozzie: "you all knew the areas we wanted to address and I think we were able to do it."
Packed, packed, packed week of training ahead... this should be interesting!
People always ask about the typeface I use in my decks. It was designed by , yes it is my handwriting and yes he is the sweetest.
lol shit glad to kno that im loved an missed lol but same here u .... u in the 229 still
I'll still freelance, but the day job got a bit too rigorous; I didn't think I'd be able to stay on top of things week to week.
if u were able to #stopbullying it would mean the world to help people like me stop being bullied x thank you for helping x
JUSTIN BIEBER ON THE VOICE! AH! 
Getting ready for the #MomInspired party! Less than an hour away!
was just incredible last nite at
First time at #lavacon a HUGE success for me. Cannot wait to take all I've learned home to #stcorg gives good conference!
Next Guild Meeting: Jan 12 at the Mandrake, time TBD
#fridayreads Strawberry Hill by Mary Ann Hoberman
oh, I like it. How many people would come to a free pie happy hour?
*Stroking the stubble on my chin* I might have some ideas.
Agreed. This is the west coast; one should have good-quality coffee within arm's reach at every moment.
In a District Chophouse food coma!
AC In This Biitch NOT Fenna Burn Up That's For Sure.
How fitting that the Cats win by 8 points for
It will definitely make it easier. ;-)
Off too bed...g'nite tweeps!
music is my life hopefully my music will inspire you
I know, right?! And I can't believe Stan didn't like Empire Records! Oh Rexy you're so sexy!
How does Ebenezer Scrooge make phone calls? Collect!.
Thanks for the RT, !
Generic of my malaria drug just came out. Was $75; now $15.
haha! I'd like to see that!
March is "Bell Peppers & Broccoli Month" AND "Berries and Cherries Month" Stay tuned for fun facts and recipes to celebrate! It's...
I think I know who you are talking about! I see her on the 30 all the time!
English is the Perl of natural languages.
she's not answering me - you ask her lol
watching a movie :)
: how late is reg open for the 2pm Deep Stack? <~4:30” thx! Full starting stack if reg late?
There. Fav away.
No. I'm stoned unpacking my new room.
nothing i'm sick. c:
Be sure to stop by the Frost Mortgage & Premier Living booth at that #NM Homeshow this weekend to learn about our new programs!
you were right!! Loved it!!
Watching princess protection program with my little cousin
This is a great speech. Amy Koch leaves the Senate with class.
On this day in #Black #History: Supreme Court orders to end segregation in school's "at once", 1969
Damn I haven't tweeted in the longest !! Imma tweet again like I used too !!
Ha. Finally my turn to do an original record for a jewelry exhibition catalog. I beat you to it, GZN. :-)
Is your home stuffy from a winter of drafts and poor air sealing? I can help! www.smartenergypays.com
historical traces are found in Arabia in the seventh century, it is a constellation of cultures, histories, lives and divergent universes.
"ARE YOU WOUNDED OR IN NEED OF MEDICAL ATTENTION?" I still can't get over that...
It is - are you from the UK and/or West Indian? My hubby is Jamaican. Usually its folks from those places that ask abt my name.
Making the farm look good with new shrubs, flowers, pressure washing the house (not me, Bob) and cleaning..Soon...
The "Who to Follow" at the bottom of my twitter has Sarah Phillips now on it. After what we learned, why would I want to follow her?
Gaining 3 pts from 2 games where I figured Fulham would be lucky to get 2 pts is good, no? Great effort.
see below RT : Agreed! RT : Just got a map of the layout of the #DD11 conference. It's crazy to see giant.
Thanks a lot you too. Lets work together to shape and mold the future global leaders of today and tomorrow LETS CHANGE THE WORLD
"Supreme Court Favorability Hits New Low In New Pew Research" #huffpost Did Clarence Thomas speak?
Thanks for coming! We really appreciate your hard work!
I've been w/ Verizon for almost 11 years and have never had a problem. And I'm hard to please & enjoy complaining.
Must Follow
I use to be a use to.
Who is doing good, free, things with iPod apps for Nurses?
When someone asks "Do you smell that?", I like to answer "No, maybe you're having a stroke". It's usually funny, except for that one time.
Sportswriting and Broadcasting students will sit with the press,write articles and produce video this summer for the Washington Mystics.
note to self ; don't waste your time with a hardass ever again
. Haven't been invited to one yet.
hey!!! My beautiful daughter..:))
not sure if i already responded, on the studies, just keep checking every few days for new sessions
In order to throw her off, I had my bangs cut last night. So I may now be OLD, but I have an incredibly strong resemblance to 8 year old me.
We are tweeting live from NYC for the conference. Follow #yjnyc for updates on the biz of
Glad to hear that you enjoyed the service!
Thanks for your support! It means a lot!
Everything is better now make it to my class in time to take a quiz . ._.
is on the phone with her aunt!
∆$∆P WORLDWIDE
On the Chinatown bus back to NYC..
Obviously ;D You go Mikey!
In a day when I tweet bout a mysterious bruise on my right knee....Please remind my stupid ass I just smacked it with my LpTp.....OWWWWWW ;(
20 hours 54 minutes until tip-off.
I've been waiting for this week since October- I'm never missing spring training again!
Oh, LORD.
LOL! #LoveIt RT : Attention shoppers: we have confirmed that yes, during fall, candycorn counts as a vegetable.
what you want 1st track to Be?
Shower head setting reads: "Massage". Should read: "Flay Skin from Bone"
Good game! Really good game!
#harrypotterlive BLOODY HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!
YESS! we still need more demands!!
ITS TIME! Cena vs. The Rock! This is gonna be one of the best matches ever
I think would be proud of that awkward moment :)
c'mon 2 of my friends have gotten replies and we need to make the other mad please?
Some people get an eduction without going to college the rest get it after they get out.
Just got Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog DVD for father's day - score!
I think a Sea Wolf is a helicopter, yeh?
Why am I the only person that ever slams their finger in a car door? It's pretty nasty. I basically killed my finger -_-
catching up on sleep hm....
awesome to hear! Exams go well? Ah not so great still. But it'll sort itself out sometime lol
Buzz grows w/tentative date of Oct.8th slated for the private screening. Look4official announcement at Privacythemovie.com
Shut the fuck up just shut the fuck up
thanks for the follow! We'll be sure to check out the music! :)
oh good I thought I was the only guard kid on there
Cats > you
Is there going to be another season?
Happy Good Fortune Day everyone! Please be kind to all cats. They mean you no harm.
Finally. Today makes 6 days straight of work. I'm so ready for the next two days off, potentially a pedicure Thurs w/some co-workers!
“It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you are.”- Author Unknown
when people say crap behind my back i stay strong like demi
You're probably like "oh thank you lord that I don't have to deal with all this
INgrooves' MDaniels says: We will not cut off phisical only distributors. But we encourage clients to think about costs.
That's what I call good company!
Death, cultural confusion, love triangles--just another night 's 20th anniv show!
A balmy 53 degrees this morning. Chicagoans are loving it and birds are very confused.
Going to be a mommy again! Due in October :)
Good luck!!!
Happy bc I have family & friends that love me, I have also , my AMDA friends
♫♫What do you do with a drunken sailor? What do you do with a drunken sailor? Draw a penis on his face and take pictures to post online!♫♫
Im takin a nap soon as I get out class
Love my family but they are exhausting sometimes
? RT : remember talking w/ student panel 's old school. They enjoyed things; not passionate abt them.
Come on skinny love just last a year. Pour a little salt we were never here.
Imagine #JFK running for President today
You know what yesterday was? Just another Saturday with rookies in green everywhere.
Working on Saturday isn't so bad... If you office has heat.
It's official Specyphi will be at the WEBN fireworks. Thanks WEBN you Rock
we like the ANZ seats! Nice to way to spread out for a trip to Aotearoa.
Even publishers should be allowed opinions. #tolerence. “: Unfollow.”
A beautiful reminder from : Y"ou can bless people through your very presence. Never underestimate the gifts and magic of you!"
You have to do a good entry interview AND a good exit interview or your performance doesnt matter.
I love your music video's, they're creative and amazing (:
Getting ready to upload latest site - Cures For Headaches. Headache help anyone?
My sister got sum pokechops cooking.lol.Nd yes thats how I really say it.
Yeah I felt like that was burying the lede a bit. Be curious to get a response from Fitz, honestly.
yall should be happy i'm not spazzing
Quality of Play in Magic league is surprisingly good
Don't leave without a reason & try to come back with an excuse .
Authors Note: I can't imagine making film that way...wow. Thankfully video came along.
Oh man is #CCDP2012 off to a great start or what? Great to be with friends in the 99% of Dems who believe in fair play! #victory!
hope the spirit and body are feeling better today RR!! heat exhuastion is no joke.
*Huge smile*
Oh that sounds like an awesome plan!! Phoenix is better anyway :)
RT : Bumper sticker: My other car is parked in two spots.
proud of the kids who wrote directed an produces their own musical! Had a great performance today! Props I band hour and strings too.
that's a good mentality! Haha
Don't plan to get MW3 anytime soon...so my question to all u gamers is: What is your honest opinion of the game?
yeahh! Can't forget harry too!
I agree, research is useful. Personal story is not the same. We have to be careful. A fave quote of mine, "anecdotes are not data"
:) You should make a fan twitter account for him. it would mean a lot to .
that both hurts and is amazing
Before i Really get madd .
Oh that's what happens in your stomach when you drink Coke!
leave now and you might make it haha
its the internet, no english class,
Let's get rich and buy our parents homes the south of France.
Kathy Scharbarth's sister stood and shook her fists while DA gave details of her murder
your tour starts on my b-day (brithday) :)
you hot damn right i f*ck fans
Randy Moss played in the NFL after he left the Patriots? That's news!
Don't eat salami before hot yoga as it tends not be a spiritual experience for the person next to you
I will never be able to understand how the heck Simon Cowell is associated with music and being famous.
Insert sad tweet here.
I be tweeting like a mfkr nowadays.
New Year's Resolutions Of The Stars (Not Really), In Bigger Than The Sound
HELP!: The HF-Twestival needs your help promoting the show and selling tickets. How can you help out? Let us know!
RC? My dad installed a timed irrigation system with fertilizer attachment. He had one row of impatients.
Father and son, both with matching oxygen tanks, just say down at a booth.
Stop by and say hello
Good job DC!
heard from 70's and 80ks sitcoms because ur small and, in real life, ur insignificant.
This is why I got way too excited about Google Play. AN ALTERNATIVE!!!
No, sir. Everything went well.
not sleeping anyway though...what's up w that?
Haha I bet. I wouldn't be surprised if that happened
Mental note cardboard boxes lined with wax paper don't make good soap molds!
Ah nap number 2, ask me to get up at 7:30 on my day off! Blasphemy!
How is it I'm laying in bed on a Friday night.
First time in my life I hear chanting for pride of the US.
Money music and my seed...yeah dats my life!...
thank you!
profotousa self-thought discount por favor. =]
RT : Ready for #musesocial chat about museum social media 3/29 from 12-5 pm ET? Think we can get museum audiences involved too?
yeah....you've never been trained, unless you've been star trained.
you are my new fav!!
ain't that the damned truth!
"Tuiting/debt rising, funding cut" ~ Oversight Comm, UC/CSU Reports/Investigations: Policies/Procedures/Responses 4 On-Campus Demonstrations
Haha f the police lmao we can lie Ahaha I know how to talk my way outta trouble lol
What up lil daddy.. Where big mama? lol
doing good. doing fall cleaning today. that includes cleaning up my twitter. How you doin?
how hav u been ?
Well earlier then I usually get up 4 school
hope you are enjoying this lovely day wherever you are.
I am good, tired but headed to a pta mtg. in an hour, oh well!
show your work!
Thank you!!
“: I did it! Done with Facebook”
#NYC users if your near Olivia Bar take a photo and upload to Earn cash for your efforts :)
I was a fan, but he has lost me by pushing Santorum over Newt & Perry.
I'm thinking a movie by myself sounds good tonight but which one .. The lucky one... Think like a man ... Or cabin in the woods
I like free CDs!
Put me at the head of the dork shorts list. I want to go first and set the standard for dorkiness.
RT : If you're reading this right now, you have a sad, pathetic, social life. Fucking loser.
Well... The lighting was good...
Lets #Partay! RT : sister finally moved in! starting to feel a lot better about this place
How did the crowd react?
no one gives a shiit
BOOHOO D: What happened?
I didn't or haven't met marcos, just people within the uprising
If #ncaa wants us to take conf tourneys seriously, than reward the winners with one seeds. Missouri and #B1G winner deserve a one.
Looked like I'd be locked into the 900 plan for 2 years, and I've been planning to downgrade. CS just confirmed that's not true.
Took life in hands yesterday--cel phone photoed a page for research purposes--did it at Books-a-Million. Real outlaw writer, I am.
Don't wanna keep this going, but still feel bad :/
Follow My New Page
lol well do it then (: please.
I ordered it for our library, but have yet to watch it. It is right up my alley!
It was a joy spending time with you, Amy, Lauren, Karen and Eric.
yes sir, buddy! plaid shirt, boots, and a cowboy hat....
I am grateful for an understanding and awesome advisor:
thanks Lucas ... break a leg tmrw.
It's 's birthday! Everyone wish her a happpyyy birthdaaayyy<3
Google Voice transcribed the spelling of my name wrong!
#ILeftYouBecause you wanted to take your sweat ass time
Fred Haise - Renaissance Man.
Last night was dope. Even 2/5 of LoCote Street is doper than other fools whole crew. Imagine when we all clique up
sorry about last night bro!
#3WordsOfAdvice Always Say Please
is killing the "sky is falling" on the NFL hysteria. Great job.
touché... To my credit, I was moving
#AskScandal I remember in #Ghost and he was the bad guy.
it has, yeah. been good/busy. my niece got chickenpox which amounted to nothing more than 10 day w/o school + fussiness. xD
yeayea... i do miss you friend we need to talk
same here! Coconut is my fave!! What's yours?
. Agree but not nearly as bad as Leonard and Farried getting first place votes
Happy hour going on right now. Late night happy hour 9pm to close. Cheap stuff that's delicious. Naz today Kyle tonight behind bar. Cheers
you tell me kirsten!
Oh emotional conflict, you are a cruel creature. btw, those are the best books ever.
after how many years and pro-MLB rulings?
I find it ironic though, that some crew that has refused to work for free for me, still asks me to work for free for them
we offer happy hour at 3 pm on rotating drafts and bottles. also some munchie specials. Tonite we have panel talks
Thanks for the tools. I'm just trying to come to terms with whether or not I want to be on SM for that many hours a day :)
I LOVE Steller's Jays!!
#InAGhettoHouse just ran out of fried chicken and grape kool-aid
check out our Facebook-based roommate matching software for student properties. www.roombug.net
RT “: members: don't forget to vote for the ! #webserieschat”
I hate it when you want to help someone with something but you just dont know what to say.
Thank you for the
Just got canceled for tonight, too windy and cool. Oh well, night off .
Great show tonight #abq Stunning performances!
Little bit of reggae in the morning :)
Good Lord the union gospel mission gets a lot of good looking female volunteers to serve meals!!! #justsayin #underdogstory4thegrandkids?
Damn that was wicked crash
BIG TIME LA TONIGHT. So Exciting
cheer with biggsissy!!❤❤
I would prefer sh for Salesman's samples rather than Dummies. And my instinct might be to use a $h[realia] or [object]?
Softball game tnite!
Seymour to Raiders. But the Raiders release Garcia? They really think Jamarcus is a team leader? Raider fans must be pissed...
It was great to see everyone here in the bay, but I'm now it's back to SD.
I told y'all I might kangol n gold tooth it...
Any other health care marketers here?
Great Shot of the Chip! Any story behind it? Were there variations of just how busted was "too busted"? Enjoying the texture.
Are you not coming to dinner with us now? 😥
Ok, what gives? Is Facebook down or something?? Can't log in.
I would just like to say I do not enjoy your comment on Ashley's FB post about her red hair.
Today has been the longest day ever!!!!
then that's the one I'm gonna get. (:
Networking isn't hard. You just have to commit to it. Attend at least one event a month to start. :)
The best kind of brother is one who lets you do his makeup for prom...
Danggit Groupon, I don't really need a monogrammed set of towels but I really do
Playing Wordfued best Androind app ever
i really thought it was a joke when i heard about it. ridiculousness...
The show was fantastic. They are sold out through Dec31. I hope they extend the run so more people can go.
those are awesome!!!!
I need to hang out with my boyfriend tomorrow for our 2 week anniversary. <3
Q: what has #marchmadness done for your brand?
*watching the vampire diaries* OMFG STELENA KISS HOLY SHITTING FINALLY OMG. IM DYING OK.
no doubt! Walking into that store today was like walking into a time machine :)
I'm literally tearing up right now looking through professional pics from & 's wedding - love you two SO MUCH.
Klinsmann guided Germany to a 20-8-6 record and a third place finish in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
I think I'd rather drop a lime in my bourbon, actually.
Please follow me on twitter
Life without you is like a broken pencil; absolutely no point
Don't make me sad.
RT : Jeremy Lin should pull a Willis Reed, enter game, carry Knicks to victory, cause Internet to explode.
tbh i cried the first time i listened to "thank you jb", i seriously love that song<3
Hey, Justin Blackmon wants you to be a Ram
Blood only makes you a relative, loyalty makes you family
Damn it Eastwood >:/ counting me absent when i was there!
i wanna watch a movie:/
nah. I considered it a Sunday best behavior ep.
"Massive" open online courses or "massively" open online courses?
Today & tomorrow need to go by fast so I can finally get a weekend. I haven't been off since last Thursday.
can't wait I'll the Dictator comes out 😁
Sounds great! Have a great time and tell all those other Army wives an Army wife in San Antonio says hello! :)
what R your thoughts on #wronglyconvicted men?? #Chadevans2 was #wronglyconvicted in NH. Please check out his story. got ?s
Self-driving vehicles on near horizon, GM's former randd chief says Self-driving vehicles, once thought to be a thing far in the future,
text me trick!
its all good I was gonna watch it regardless, ya know?
...u hitting that up?
Happy following ---> good morning!!
Time to crack down and clean. At least I have great music and coffee!
lol ummmhmmm , I want all that skin & bones
Diary of an angry white girl: the whole foods cashier forgot to put my sushi and cupcakes in the bag.
I heard that the were gonna be on "Shake it up"
thanks for them invite :p Haha but u boyz are amazing tonight :*
I wouldn't say I was missing it, Bob.
Nicholas you should come to the next game I was bucking lol
The lyrics to that one Salt 'N Pepa song are actually about how powerful they think John Goodman is.
monkey burger = NOM!
Thanks! Now I need to know about the history of cork as writing/printing material. Interwebs, here I come!
do you still have Buffalo Wing?
And officially no one cares about the Bucks anymore.
Awesome Van SMACK!!!!
#tuesday trivia=)
Cats tend to meow only at humans, very rarely other cats. So, there’s a strong chance ‘meow’ means: “Come hither, slave”
Its on...(dare I say it?) like DONKEY KONG!
Don't mind if I do ;)
Dressing too young for your age can be a sign that you can’t leave a certain period in your life.
Welcome to spring, #Cleveland !
it's like the blind leading the blind.
Told by that I can't receive a promo deal that started between my sign up call and my installation, just because...
Might sell one of my cars this weekend and I'm realizing I'm rather emotionally attached to it. That feels a bit crazy.
Anyone had Abita Strawberry Harvest Lager? Opinions?
Hate to admit it but the last episode of #Scandal was a little too sappy/feel good for me.
The most important luck is 'who' luck, not 'what' luck. Get a high return on it by honoring ur relationships. Collins
Have you had a chance to make it back to recently?
Consumers Can Earn Double Aeromexico Club Premier® Miles at Choice Hotels Properties*
when the music is right you can be so productive in accomplishing homework.
goin to bed now, goodnight lovlies! dream beautiful dreams!!
yeah i heard that's how pauly d got his show. by spamming them
Do you think someone diagnosed with Asperger's (on the Autism spectrum) should be sentenced to jail? It happ's today. Give me yur thoughts.
3 day work week this week & 4 day weekend! Love it! :)
Why not? Everyone else has either covered or spoofed.
A young man who wishes to remain a sound atheist cannot be too careful of his reading. C. S. Lewis
smh always gotta have somethin to say
Conceptualizing a Contra Alliance graphic novel containing a prologue structured like Valiant's RAI
Enjoyed The National Book Festival today. The place was swarming with book lovers!
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they’re called memories. Some take us forward, they’re called dreams.
...but if you really need to exfoliate your palate right away - Cap'n Crunch...
Why am I still upp?-__-
Obama, you're finally doing something right by supporting same-sex marriage. Love shouldn't be restricted by gender
Thinking about you, beautiful!!
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla.
Beliebers Love You Kidrauhl with all our heart <3
#3ImportatntWords Seems pretty simple... I Love You Be sure and tell those important to you. Sometime it is later than you think.
#REAL BRAND MUTHA FUCKIN BRAND NEW........
Home alone eating ice cream and watching tv like a depressed chick... :\
Tea time! AKA Shiner Bock and Cheese-It's. Cc
I put the pic up Sydney was gone do it but I put it up but I took it off Twitter so stop bitching!
Happy Bastille Day, or as those of us on the other side of the pond are wont to call it, "The Ides of July."
Our dog Lucy is 7 years old today. That's 45 in human years. I expect her to need reading glasses soon...
Watching the Pregnancy Pact. 👋
get up get up get up lol
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake Pancake Avenue c:
is performing Tuesday evening at Emmanuel Church, 7:30pm! Mozart, Ravel and Mendelssohn.
great meeting you at #bigboldbenefit you're gonna kill it
Sick ass goal by Freddy Montero
Braun catches the third out in a one-run inning for the #Cardinals. Not looking good for the #Brewers, down 8-2.
Link does not work.
One day Mastodon, High on Fire and Converge all played a show together in my neighborhood. That was cool.
11am today: Kerri Kelly will be taking over at Yoga Tree! She's pretty BOMB!
Wade did too much!!
i mean hog
Are you able to print a version of the proposal? (pdf)
"We should give em STD's then tell em we are kidding!!" - Tyler The Creator
#everyone please follow me I need more #followers I'll follow back
Thankful I don't have #summitprobz anymore haha
It waz too hot last night.. Couldn't sleep at All
#AGuyShould treat his woman like a Queen.... ; )
re-watched Momento recently. Had forgotten had great it was!
Who's doing the warrior dash with me August 11th??!
Going to the male review at mable murphys!
can you tell us the results of the review of all AEDs? How many had insufficient charge or were otherwise not working?
Burns, where are you moving? New radio gig?
Enjoying a short late lunch break between creative tasks. Have been drawing, painting & bookmaking all weekend. I love art :)
Former First Lady's Literacy Foundation issues $65k to Fluvanna County Schools. Details on 19 News Nightcast
#xfactor news!!.#cheryl is demanding a #meatdress , simon will fob her off with a new song or something
The secret weapon for tomorrows big run will be "Feel So Close". It's going to sound so good on the Great Highway!
Happy May Day, tweeters
I LOVED SHUTTER ISLAND and still have no idea what the heck the truth is in this film. That Scorsese!! What a gift.
I LOVE ALL OF YOU. :) RT OR FOLLOW PLEASE! #PUT GOD FIRST.
..this is so great!
Great! Let me know when you'll be in NYC!
Seriously want to go buy one of those funnel cakes
I'd love he touch me the way he can touch his mic during "Stay" SO DAMN SEXY #JonasFanProblems :/
Spending time with my sweet Mama!! #lovinit#
Surely you'd rather be playing 100 Innings of Baseball. Get down to Adams Field in Quincy.
Hahaha. I hope so, hence the RT ;-) Happy holidays to the entire BDV team, and a very happy new year!
That may be the first truly bad goal Quick has allowed all playoffs.
Got aces cracked, lost minimum.down a little right now, but still fighting.
holy crap are you alive?!
PO$ITIVE PU$H SUPPORT THE MOVEMENT OR BE PART OF IT
had a good day shopping with hanna today :) and is now chillingg in bed ;)
wow. Where in the word did you find this pic. The Jean vest and strips on the Jean shorts. I was doing it big lol
I see hipsters in #Millwood. Does that mean it's cool to live in the #Spokane Valley now?
RT : I expect Jeremy Lin to return for Game 5. His camp is optimistic that he'll be able to play in Miami.
Duplicated a live environment on a virtual machine running Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2003, ColdFusion. Great development environment
I think I just saw mud from camp nowhere
IS AFRAID OF A LITTLE FIRE :DD
Good luck of #Wisconsin #Broadband project & , panel at #SXSWi in Austin TX today, 2pm.
RT : RT : Q5 What is the benefit of being visible at work?
RT Dear Yahoo, For the record, no one ever says "I don't know, let's Yahoo it!" #JustSaying Sincerely, Google ;)
Catching people in a lie is funny to me.
And at 12:32pm, you'll get to file that report.
Ordered "how to talk dirty and influence people" by lenny Bruce for the library branch collection and it's here!!
lets make a deal....you hit my follow button i will vot for you guys for the rest of the day
Dinner with parents. Sweet. Wonderful.
Thank you for following ! Thanks for re-tweeting!!
The folks from Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve are already planning to CGI Dick in for their next broadcast.
i was like "Bitch why aren't you controlling you're motherfucking mouthy ass daughter? What the fuck is wrong with you?!"
Ok, now what? House with two women We forgot toilet paper and are out...damn #snowatl. I'm over this!
Is that Google Plus or Skype or ... ?
Wha?? Buying this now. RT : I think I may have wet myself a bit! I spent my childhood playing this! My day? Made.
Recommends "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (Live) (Sydney Festival, 30 Jan. 1977)" by AC/DC on Pandora
Saw the March 9 content workshop from on Twitter; just registered. Looking forward to it!
thanks Kirby! Will email you re ALA.
I look BAD today .
oh:( what time is it?
thursdays are fridays with a caveat...what the hell else u gonna do in the morning but sleep anyway!!!! go drink hard and work the same:)
Steve Blake, the real MVP.
RT : According to condom manufacturers, only 6% of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie.
Haha that my it but seriously it's not working btw hi Roman
what was on that pizza?
yep. Breeds questions of scope as well: class, department, institution, consortium, etc. Thx.
#Writing is a splendid headache. Fun when words spill forth like a raging river and a catastrophic, hair-pulling experience when they won't.
Not sure what I would do if I didnt have Justin Beiber to get me through the day cc:
Geography study guide. 😒
I asked my nephew who's he taking to prom he said he's taking me lol. Awww so precious
Actually, not even sure it is still andrew. . . anyway - I sent from my work email as well, just in case.
Loving were lives (: hope i c him today
Thanks for liking my page Karma, Mariana, Latrece, and Michael! :-)
Denver: massive construction, may backpackers. Nice bookstore, though. Now, to the airport!
I've loved the Shins for quite a while. Saw them live a few times too. Check out Oh Inverted World & new Point of Morrow
Thanks, as describing our Christmas concerts as "gorgeous stuff for the season." We hope you can join us!
RT: Repeat after me!! You can't stop my Go!!
seriously, , get the **** off my porch. so not cool to keep eating my potted plants.
Heat whooped them Knicks :D
omg film party in the bio lab! Actually that would probably be dangerous... I'll keep thinking.
That’s my second straight flight to SF that included a TSA rub-down. Yay!
thanks(: would you follow me?
Amazingly interesting podcast did by featuring the real Rick Ross, , not the Studio Rick Ross who jacked his name.
I feel like a nerd carrying around a kindle .. #itsagoodbook ! 📖
Man hoes Make me mad cause why try to jump me when you can fight me 1on1
That's hysterical. But #3 just changed my life. Never thought about it before.
yep, thats what we've done and will do this time again.
#GraphicDesign services available..hit me up
RT : Friday night lights on the iPad all day today... Best show ever
I see your hustle!!! Respect!
