PATH is representing at SAS workshop at Vizcaya Museum with DJ Purist sitting in.....lmao....
Nervous and excited for our collective #TEDxSEA talk on Fandango Without Borders this morning!
So cold and tired.
Cutest girls on campus -----> Have a great day!
yes please come visit us for lunch!! Free cookies samples for desert!
WOOHOO! Donations are the best way to show some love for people and the planet! 97 bucks from me to Nature Conservancy
Need coffee, but loud music will have to do. For now.
Minnesota Vikings 2012 Schedule: Downloadable, Printable
really?(: would you like that if u got that from ur bestfrieend?
Interesting and/or unusual masturbation techniques? email me - Compiling a list! :)
2 hrs sitting on and problem isn't even fixed
Bud can have its patio and 70-ft Jumbotron. I'll stick with the bleachers and 70-oz pitchers of
Thanks so much!
That's just like me saying "I'm trying to give your sister the dick"...some shit you just don't say
If the Lakers lose to the Nuggets, I'll be embarrassed for all Laker fans..
Just did my first sprint since Sunday. It was fun and I got 456 words.
I miss you!
Instagram is taking over the world..
I don't think I'd ever be mad enough at a person to want to kill them.
Think we turn around and trade him right away?
Awards can be pretty sweet too!
It's your birthday? Have a happy one
happy mother's day
YOU ARE SO ANNOYING GO AWAY OH MY GOD
": Just drove past this truck...Yikes! What do you think they do do? Seriously I'm intrigued..." Houston has "Pooper Scoopers"
Have you followed us back yet? We do pizza giveaways all the time, but only for our followers :-)
Go to the NFL's Facebook page and #votefordriver - best 7th round pick
Dry tech for The Fazzino Ride! Stay tuned.
Oh I know my man.. It's a pain in the ass though and a lot of work..
Just got to work.
Yes Barbara! I heard it's super expensive but if I will see if I can at least visit! :-)
Sorry for my erratic retweets last night. A rude person stole my phone and did it
I know he didn't expect to be pulled out of bed on a Sunday night, but is #JohnKing drunk?
People in Nashville are clapping for Adele. That's a comeback!
is so insane. Her life is so miserable that she can't even see how she treats others.
Purple Rain dance party with and #babyaddie....mom and dad with their gin & tonics and addie with her cheerios....good times
#Royals bases loaded, one out, Gordon at bat. I say 75% chance for a double play.
Marcoi Terminesi with the header finish to give the lead back with :17 to go in 3rd. Wave leads 9-7 over
Cat that just rocked the stage was ..
#BigRichTexas just another reality show to be addicted to. I just got sucked in.
has written, jogged, committed and most importantly pre-ordered his Yo La Tengo LP -- balancing out his ceaseless playing of Popular Songs
Seems like this is the 1st night in months where there's no #NBA on my TV. Weird. Oh well...I'll watch the Nat Geo Wild channel instead.
People always wonder why I take so many days off school. Days like today when I stay up all night in the bathroom is your answer.
Try your best to keep your eyes open today; you will probably come in contact with someone that could use your help. Try to pay it forward!
How can independent schools make themselves more prestigious, and fascinating? teaches today at
Pulled over. First time... Fun....
real good things are going well with everything I have to try and make it out one tuesday !
I got a plan!! Aggooo mee...now on to
Thursdays are more then just a bridge to the weekend, they are days were great accomplishments can me made!
smh you gotta be shytn me another ot -_____________-
Captain Bruce Clark's body arrived in Rochester this morning. was there and has the emotional story tonight at six.
The final special performance by du Soleil starts at 16:45 - did we mention that it's happy hour too :) #drupa hall 8b
One lie leads to another
Hahaha, I think they'd sign off "love and huggies" don't you?
A Christmas Story marathon is on
luckily, I used to work in Rock Ctr, so know where the cracks in security are.
After the radio interview walking by the same building where I got #laid #off just follow your
One of my favs.. as Dustin, Goldust, the artist formally known as, WWE Dustin hell even that f**kn TNA s**t
in ATX this Friday w/ Loegz and more.....
i had it before the season an took kemp and also managed to get hamilton 3rd round
Can someone please explain why the show Toddlers and Tiaras betters society in any way?
Trapeze would've been awesome. But no, headstands in outdoor yoga. Fun, though I like your idea even better!
I was fucked up yesterday I wonder if I ran somebody dog over
literally playing volleyball with balloons in first period while eating cake 😊
Yes I do, but only by special order.
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's $140 buy in ($125/15) Bounty Tournament. Start with 10,000 chips.
Happy Hour starts at 4! Come for our famous La Casa margaritas!! ONLY $5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh okay! I have to study for finals too! Lol and thank you!! :)
Brian: Face it Peter, you get competitive about everything. Peter: I am so not competitive. In fact, I am the least noncompetitive so I win.
New Doctor Who is now a minute away...
why no hardware encryption?
Don't stand too close to the heater- plastic melts
stop retweeting lies and slander about 5 guys Burgers and Fries!
ITCHY FEET!Can't wait for 2011 so I can grab my backpack,salsa tunes,scripts,travel crew&go once/twice around the world again!BRING IT ON!X
Can anyone help? Please.
Stress everywhere.
Sam has never seen "The Wonder Years?" Time for Netflix!
Perhaps we're all "curators" now, a la Pinterest, Tumblr. RT I don't get the "new" Delicious.
Dear, boy/girlfriend If I ever walk in2 the house n your wearing a #ForeverEazy Make sure u have called the cops 2 come pick me up 4 murder
Wooooohooooo followed me! ✌
AT ALLThey them NIGGAS that be flodgin/man THAT NIGGA Wouldn't kick a Ball/I Will show THESE NIGGAS How To BALL/IMMA TRILL NIGGA
Johnny Cash Tunes at 8 with Big Smith, Cold Beer, BBQ, and our Porch is open. See Ya'll Tonight! JC
Man I can't wait for #SlickLiving to drop from !!! That mixtape is going to be epic!!
Tell that boy I said - dendoe
Awesome. I was half right :^) RT : Golden Tate is the pick. Really, really like this one, too.
Only a few more days to the preview of my first Spike Lee Joint! Hoping to make some good connects in Utah.
Keep ya head up!! #YaDig ?
Why are we only allowed to use 144 characters on these things again? It makes me feel far more inclined to just put up facebook wall posts..
Got the all clear from OverDrive. Alerting the masses.
Adults that claim to love baby food are the worst kind of assholes.
wht did i say
Concentrate on finding your goal, then concentrate on reaching it. -Michael Friedsam
Juice Mann what's good
#rt : "Compassion is a mental quality that can bring us true lasting inner peace and inner strength."
Interested in the ginger-lime concept though I'm curious as to the difference between -ade and -ale.
Now this makes a little more sense
The hardest part of leavin you are those eyes. R those eyes. So take it all and leave it do, so sick n tired of all of you, but those eyes..
#41999 You're beautiful! And a real dutch mahomie! ;) just friggin' love ya! X Amy <3
it's alright Jermichael. People don't realize how much your talent opens up the field for Greg, jordy, Donald and James. 16-0
Thank you! <3 So much talent in #BOS- would love to pull off more things here in vein of /LUMEN8/Lightbox event
struggling with negative, self centered people who demand more and give nothing.
TGIF, although I have a few deliverables today which is never fun on a
Anyone wanna help me with the Dayshell video? You can be an admin on the Pray for Shay page too.
Rose injury unknown, no word on the MRI yet!!!! But still it can't be good for the Bulls...
Sure.... we ALL know what you're going to do at 11:59
P.S. Anyone out there using an older WordPress version, take note--you need to update it periodically. This is probably obvious to many!
why thank you ♥
I'm looking forward to it!! :-)
LMFAOOOOOOOO. OMG. IT WAS. IT REALLY WAS. OMG, TELL LUIS TOMORROW THAT I LOVE HIM, OK.
thanks! They survived the last minute. Haha good game :) not as intense as the Heat/Knicks game tho hehe
I am doing absolutely lovely! You?
Don't worry Arthouse I'm with you. Who needs curators. Let's take this to da streets. Social Media Curators! Best idea yet! FKNOSM!
when r u going to pr???
weirdly, I need a Wilton Spongebob Squarepants Cakescapes Cupcakes Stand Kit and Mickey Mouse baking cups. for a friend. Anyone have extras?
Mass Effect 2 and This Modern Glitch? I fucking win
Love the Scottish actors & their accents..
Hiking with Dad and Mc K
hey, can I crash the VIP thing tonight--a friend was the Yelp winner and I'm the Hag...come on...
$25 for 15 minutes $100 an hour No Ordinary Psychic Radio Psychic Astrologer Devika Kumar!
aint nothing on his chin
ha ha omg I didn't know that was possible poor guy
isn't it great?
#GirlsShould have more respect for there selves
Tweet tweet
i was but they left i was like no chloe ah i wake up in a hospital lol
My sister woke up from her nap in a bad mood. She needs to go back to sleep. I'm sick of being yelled at and bossed around.
OMG thanks for the follow :D
Got to expect that C Peter Konz will go very quickly in the 2nd round with Colts picking 2nd and Ravens picking 3rd
Where is my twitter wife?
Watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives about Dogs & Burger. Omg, had me at 'chicago dog'. Starving now at 9:55pm.
It's more of a personal pet peeve than anything else. Most of the time the books don't have to be read in order anyway.
Off to Atlanta for CHI. The flight's on a 777, so the upgrade to business class is just peachy. Now THIS is legroom.
WHATS UP RED!!!!
You rock so hard.... Love to you!!! AND Happy Birthday!!!! xoxxoxoxo
We're taking a wee break from Yule Struttin' this year. Don't fret! You're covered. Come to Le Jazz Hot & get down, Speakeasy-style! NOV. 6
Dont be scared, its only love were falling in.
l stuttered while asking out girls
Hey and photog Rod Stevens FUN FUN live shot ! Great job sharing story of Packy's bday bash w/ viewers!
that's what I said lol
Q: Thoughts on #WarHorse? A: Liked it better when it was called #HomewardBound. PS: considered saying
awww i missed twitcam :'( why did i have to go to school!!!
March, my hurdle month, is almost over! It'll be smooth sailing from here :)
Stuck around. like a sucker. thats ok, live and learn.
got u Ima switch it up just to c way u on fam...
I think if Tumblr had been around in the late '30s, Winston Churchill would have had a least a few devoted to him.
I did hear batista went back to wwe
tell moms i said what up
loves that Daniel Craig was on the Today show plugging Cowboys & Aliens and talking about the premier at Comic-Con in San Diego!
I understand why he would say he sucks.
oh lord.. lpl
Only one week left of school!
haha those were the days! Who's that Spartan in my teepee?? #it'sme
oh hey:) not much just busy with work and waiting for the new mic, miss recording :\
Trying to get back on track with my art. It's been such a busy week. TGIF!
Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday!
That's what we like to hear! MT If I'm someday half the teacher my cooperating teacher is, I'll be happy.
Yes maam i sure am i sent you a request on fb too
Not enough people are asking why we don't have a taco stand in the lobby of our building.
Neither is GoogleGears! I need to figure out how to downgrade FF before heading to ALA tomorrow. Must be able to do email offline.
hghs has 2 lunches now? o.O
Which do you like better: Wuthering Heights or Pride & Prejudice? Because I am ready to pass judgment on your answer.
“Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more” Tony Robbins
The Bachelor Ben is the biggest fool on reality TV! Clearly, listening to the women was not a part of his Bachelor journey!!
a friend of mine sang that song when we did it in high school. He was AMAZING!
Thanks for following ME! haha and my band we appreciate it very much =]
With too many Latino kids in foster care, a state assemblyman searches for ... - San Jose Mercury News
Hubs just home from #SDSUBasketball. Worst. Referees. Ever. (How does that happen at this level?)
follow me please <3
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks - 100 Bones will be rocking the night away! Also - the Whiskey Chicks website is coming soon so stay tuned!
I wake up in the morning, put on my yellow shirt.
~ RT : Always love ridin the Metro at night back to VA! Calm & peaceful!
Made kielbasa soup for dinner. Wife said she didn't want then emerged and ate a bowl. No compliment or thanks. But she finished it all off.
showed me some sick pictures, including a portrait of david beckham
Questions asks of edtech entrepreneurs. "Is focus on the full impact? Does it close the gap or widen it?"
Small Help A Big Leap For Kids&#39; Tv
FATE has conspired to put me in the drivethrough of a KFC. OF COURSE I'm getting one!
IT was a blast! RT : Just finished interviewing for Red.Hot.Momentum on the Air tomorrow - Woohoo!
Amen sister!!
Just got the first one! I love the new gig! Great to be home! Lunch soon?
better to think it
Happy birthday to have a great day Joe.!(:
which app?
Well ... you would be the one to pinpoint that storm, wouldn't you? Get on it! :P
“: "Be the kindness you wish to see in the world." ~B. D. Schiers #kindness #quotes”
Can't wait for the Crab Feast this evening! Come visit and I at the Social Media Lounge
It's called amazin
Nasty cold this weekend. I am bound and determined to get things done today! I need #motivation!
...there's not enough redbull in the world...
You feel that steam heat coming? That's from my under carriage
Anyone having a #MadMen themed party in SF this Sunday? I make killer Old Fashions ;)
We showed them! RT : Joke's on you Charlie!! You said Kentucky was better.
make a huge difference. I feel secure and safe enough to work hard, and they are light enough I almost feel barefoot. Love them.
if u went to a party & a hostess never acknowledged u would u feel welcome? i feel that way about blogs. say hi. wave. something
Call us at 1-(866)-326-5155 to discuss your bankruptcy options and we’ll schedule you a free consultation with a bankruptcy attorney.
Ouch. I remember what happened to the last guy who used that one.
When I see you with her I die a little
Can't stop playing draw something
you should on of these days it's the first British tv showe I've ever seen
I'm _guessing_ that you wouldn't think your tweets are your best work, but rather your art is. Yes?
Come join us tomorrow at 11am for #CentralAustinJelly. Productive mischief + USA soccer = Win!
Sent that link to a few weeks back... Impressive isn't it?
Bleh going to the hospital >.<
Winning run aboard!
I feel weird 😝 lol
It's only hours away! Come watch the 49ers put away the NYGiants at the pub with $2 Sierra Nevada Pale Ale Drafts!
okay, haha. Yoy can stay maybe Monday night lol.
Congrats to the 2012 Orientation Leaders! So much nostalgia right now.
Easy to dream a dream, but harder to live it.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Are the ones i know ill regret
I want to try it just to tell people what I'm wearing! WhoopAsh --- I luv it!
It's a BIG day around here. Can't wait to celebrate 2011 as a team this afternoon!
It's been a long time since I got dressed up in went out.......
Thanks, man! I'm kinda floored by that...
To love and win is the best thing; to love and lose, the next best.
I was very confused after opening the photo due to the caption :)
The color of your sweatshirt is very welcoming lol
Oh boy, food coma. After a dinner of ny strip steak, salad, Mac and cheese, baked potato, and Texas toast.
Some girls cry over men i cry over being broke. My mind is on my money, not on no man. Step yo' money game up before you end up on skidrow
Yeah sun sun it going to be hot weather with no rain I well never never!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Know #CMPUNK rules
i had one of those. i called her "mom jeans".
woohoo... one week to #6Nations rugby... already booked my place at the pub in Santa Monica for 6am next Saturday !!!
Stop by our shop on for toffee or iced coffee!
Join us as Chispa Marketing races to spark a difference at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove....
Got sick in school :p blah :(
Not a problem. Ppl hav to help/support others right? ": Thank u for ur luv n support"
My mind will be closed all weekend due to Irene.
ok ok, sorry bout that...I mustve been working.
Can we just skip finals and it be summer already?
This workday-after-late night rock show is brought to you by
Hey, “Vision Hyundai Henrietta,” did you know you’re actually in Brighton?
hi Eddie - thanks for connecting here - happy holidays!
I can stop if you want.
Ultrasounds are the worse. For one, that's not the person who's profile it is - false advertising. And it's an alien!
Recreating the future one day at a time is surprisingly rewarding.
You gotta love twitter!
“Ah ha Moments?” …That Would Be Aisle Three…Next To “Flashes Of Insight.”
Sikeeeee! Haa, I Don't Think That's Possible.
I never thought I'd have to say "don't kick your brother in the head."
George Chauncey finishing his research this week
Glad you liked!
where yall moving bro
#FF experts at elevating #business results
Si IS the BEAVER COMMANDER!
congratulating Margaret Singer of Su Casa: "Immigrants, immigration is the back bone of our country."
DONT LEAVE SOMETHING GOOD TO FIND SOMETHING BETTER. ONCE YOU REALIZE YOU HAD THE BEST, THE BEST HAS FOUND BETTER
WORD! RT god I love joe biden.
#seo #marketing , Harrah’s Casino, Emagister, Sam's Club , each sign 2 year marketing contracts with DeVante Designz Inc. devantedesignz.com
hm. no, let's leave that part of the past in the past. What other tech-themed movies were part of the schedule this semester?
Cool. Would love to hear your thoughts.
I use an extra long straw for snorting - never have to take my eyes off the road
Fire, walk with me.
Heh. This was a review for Yelp. I didn't realize it would be posting to Twitter. Thanks for the heads up.
should colab with and it would be crushing.
omg it hurt so bad!!
C'mon #Lost - 7pm on a sunday just doesn't work for me. What's the matter with the regular time?
Word on the street is the waiting list for hippo bathtubs is long.
listing only ends if someone buys and quantity is set to 1.
#EverFeelLike telling your boss to go f*ck himself/herself? I certainly have...but I like making money too much so I'll pass.
They have taken so many tests in the last 2 weeks...EOC exam, On Demand Writing Test, AP exams, & finals.
I'm back nigguhz lol but yea I'm gonna start tweeting now cause I got my iPod :3
nope.. Just like voice-mail and answering-machines ...Nothing to hide.. Thanks for your opinion...
Band drama \m/
I love it. Comfort food.
Thanks Gaetano! My friend Gordon is a great songwriter. It was a real pleasure to solo to. :)
Jersey shore marathon all day..yeah buddy.
The whole country got a gift when #Vinny did the MLB game last night!
« New STD out called "Ass Whoopin"..... Keep talking shit & you just might catch 1 quick !!!»
i just realized i never replied. i've been up to being busy! working on the morning show now, too!
Is this your first #sachat Justin? Only on Twitter a couple weeks and jumping right in. I love it!
Man, how many community service hours and extra curriculars did you need to get into that fancy community college?!??
hey Francisco how was Andy Pettitte today? In your opinion
Pending your approval :D! If lines are bad I'll let you work your magic with someone the front
Don't know what you doing to me with your love ...
Thx. Have a good night!
lol what? We got to pick whatever types of teams we wanted.
+1 RT : I'm starting to love the idea of Baltimore's innovative persona: Instead of "Get In on It", it should be CREATE BaltiMORE
I was just drinking a carton of chocolate milk and it had pictures of Malkin & Fleury on the back.
RT Try Olive You for happ hour.you may find it so surprising.... <<-- just a short drive from Belltown
MT : FollowEDU is exactly what I was looking for! I found it difficult to find higherEd ppl in broad social networks. Kudos!
Instagram, Clear, and Band of the Day are three of my favs.
I want something , I just don't know what
": Me & beatin up this chick at the end of the school year after school lol #middleschoolmemories" haha OMG Miss it
Aight bet, I wasn't even feeling you like that anyways.
RT : Cleaning Up Language Around Ocean Pollution: call it PlasticPollution not a GreatPacificGarbagePatch...
Trailer to be released soon.. keep checking the website and fanpage!
I finally read your magazine cover story. I'm gonna have to let you sign it. I was telling ppl, "I know her!"
L734 MEMBERS! PLEASE CHECK WEBSITE, EMAIL & SNAIL MAIL FOR IAFF CONVENTION CALL INFORMATION.
tweeted this from Ricky by mistake
A woman can cry for someone she doesn't really love. A man will cry only for someone he truly loved.
patio.. Yes please!!
RT“: Manning will throw for the Titans as well, no date has been set for that workout”
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 11
Shout out to our new followers!
chillin in the men's room, washing my hands when this big dude busts in & runs to the stall...I'm out, cuz shit's about to get REAL in here!
What was the coolest thing from SXSW that stuck with you over the past couple months?
WOW & I THOUGHT BELIEBERS HELP EACHOTHER.... CAN U GUYS GIVE ME >> SHOUTOUTS? I GOT HACKED!!!!!!!!
A1: Chicago. Rentals up. Houses smaller. People staying put.
Broccoli Mashed Potatoes Sometimes the easiest way to get kids to eat vegetables is by pairing them with foods kids already like. Take th
Thanks for the shout out in support of our Eugene expansion!
Championship Thursday !
no Andy Carroll from the start on Saturday and an over-reliance on Gerrard to lift the team
it wouldn't be another gear Sunday on this earth in Brooklyn if there wasn't a man walking down the street yelling sodomite conquerer
America the beautiful Up to $150 off 7-21 day tours U.S. Southwest. Deal on now!
Sometimes, if you aren't sure about something, you have to just jump off the bridge and grow wings on your way down. ~ Danielle Steel
Early menopause linked to higher risk of osteoporosis, fracture and mortality
you're too sweet!
Now Playing Everyday Struggle- Notorious B.I.G. R.I.P. Biggie
And one of our kids plagiarized his poetry contest entry. Really guys? Sigh.
it was OK, i can see where it would be interesting to some folks, but i am not sure i can watch it too much..too slow for me
The CEO of is giving a prezintation at the tonight. Excited to get some first hand tips from the source.
A nutgraph is what was, what is and what's now!!!
I'm also fascinated that the professor has saved me the effort and turned himself into a character (the Plaid Avenger).
#top10Lies Your opinion matters.
free admission for IL residents at and do you guys have IL licenses?
Just found out about the about:robots screen in Firefox.... check it out! {URI is "about:robots"]
yeah. she came to our homecoming game. (:
you can always come back to the library...
Anondezvous is a rendezvous that never happens.
i wish 2 be that object ;)
What's up today?
Sad songs by Sr. Elton John is making me dance in my car
yes now i know i can keep my favorite jersey haha
Tired and cranky.
“: Cowboy fans: "I love our chances to beat the Giants, Tony Romo has never lost on a Wednesday night!"”
Hey guys, if you've signed up for the program - tell your friends! We need people
Of course! We effing HATE the Braves.
sending good thoughts to Kicho
I don't look like my struggles...
#ImThatPersonWho always tries to take things positive 
It's hot here and has been during the weekend.
People often wonder if they "belong" somewhere, when an assumed community exists. Give them a choice, and they'll find their niche.
I shared your article w/ my art teachers and they loved it! It looks like a blast.
What you are is what you have been. What you’ll be is what you do now. -Buddha
Tomorrow night head out to BRINK ORLANDO for Foreplay Fridays! I'll be spinning and free drinks will be available 11-12!...
act like you are busy, your lifes lame :P
Writing a masterpiece of gay proportions can be a difficult task when the coffee runs empty!
Question of the day? How does Twitter help your business?
Maybe 95% were refis then, rare to get a sale, bet that's nearly reverse now? I'm a Realtor now, new perspective.
Message to world: This is America. We are rebuilding the Twin Towers better than ever-- while Bin Laden rots in hell. Don't tread on us.
Click the link below to download a 1 hour mix of music from DJ DENCO on Opening Day LIVE from the Tavern Downtown! Thanks DJ Denco!...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GORGEOUS 💜💜💜💜
If you not tweet me,i'm sad.So someone can tell to Ariana tweet me?
who fuckin cares, really
haha no! But it was a killer sweater and hat!
I saw their mother back and forth many times yesterday bringing worms and things to them. She's a squawker too!
the results of this study are directly related to future levels of productivity in the office.
#MySiblingIsWeird He wants to have a three-way with Padma Lakshmi and William Shatner..
Oh my god Philly! Why does everything shut down at midnight.
Only the Cubs could make that play.
For the purposes of the FAA 'sign off' is a multi million dollar process, so count your blessings.
#CAKEBOSS #AWAKE #MOJO - those words remind me of an amazing artist :D
God allows bad things 2happen 2 good people? Look, there has only been ONE good person and what "bad" happened to him I caused. He is Jesus
Those Brownies look god as fuck!!!!!!!! Bring me some!
Good morning, everyone! Happy International Ask a Question Day! Submit your marketing questions to us!
dang that sucks.
now playing "s & m" rihanna on #jackiespeaksshow www.urbanlatinoradio.com
My Students: The more joyous we are about embracing life’s obstacles, the greater the chances we’ll be in for the long (abundant) haul~!
yes yes! Just want to make sure you see the love cuzzz.
Heres looking at ya'!
If I had my way would get the rights and make Mad Max comics.
you still up? come do hw or chill with me at 210D if you are.
Enjoy a Wonderful, Joy Filled and Grateful 'Autumn' Weekend Everyone!
We're looking forward to finishing up some new songs for you all soon, stay tuned for some updates and keep rockin
yeah young help buy it out because they trying buy her a successful rap career Grammy first then we can't talk lol?
today my mom said she is my best friend, great not only do I have a godawful mother, my best friend is a total bitch
If it's a courthouse story, I'm there! Little and I arrived there together and double teamed it, though we got nothing
Tonight calls for a run!👌🏃 so ready!
We need to get the tickets for tampa @ boston at #Fenway...you can wear your Tampa stuff...we'll just get shot...
this is my clever face
Just bought 504 ADDITIONAL beers for the #roaddron. This weekend is going to be epic!
I did an auction booklet recently!!!! Need some help??
Chupacabra is at n capital and mass. Tacos make u happy. Meow meow.
Pizza Fun Fact: 36% of people consider pizza the perfect breakfast -- do you agree?
One day everyone hits good...next day they get pulled back into not hitting with RISP...now what?
RT glad i'm not called louis, apparantly, LOUIS HAS A MANGINA. I wonder if he #MANJAZZLES IT! bad for the heart, it would give him ANGINA!
Finally off! Now for supper :/
R.I.P. Dick Clark. Pop culture icon and slice of Americana passes from the scene.
omg, sounds like heaven.
well let's get together catch up ..
Yo. The Lucky One actually looks like a cool movie. Save your judging. lol
Tracy ..Come down after or before the show eat some sushi Rolls, Welcome back to the Mile Hi City
It is said that love is blind! Acceptance is the blind spot we experience when in love...judgment is more in-sight than looking into others!
As he should its his job to make sure they show up every game!
yea my imbox is now filled w/ it, totally killed my scream marathon!
Bout to eat some long john silvers,chicken wit vinagar(how ever ya spell that). Chow down time
let me know if I can help you get started!! (ps - I'm the dev behind CC)
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 18
Roman Martinez veteran lobo move. 3 ball ties it.
try again tomorrow, except do the elaine dance.
follow me on twitter
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G
Going to be doing some more mixing on the album today!! Home studio=mixing in PJ's :) --Jason
Flying to NYC june 2nd! If you know anyone that needs photos I have two spots open the 3rd Mi Amiga. (also, lets grab drinkies)
yes sir! Lightening strikes!
you're welcome!
disagree, you women ruined it. Too many times behavior like that is rewarded
It always taste better when someone else cooks mother's meals
Following more arianators when I come back from school this morning :)
#amwriting something. For this fine monday.
is offering the following services: setting up and maintaining accounting procedures and books, developing budgets, auditing accounting rec…
I agree! Can't wait for the next one: U Ignite?! RT What a great community and bring together
yay yay yay, love when people are excited about Twitter!
aww thanks lovely :) you're too sweet .xx
The universal truth is that we all only have 24 hours per day to purse our goals or be close to others. No one has more time than you.
the screening was awesome!!!
Jumping on my tramp. I just have so much energy right now . Like im so excited.
I made the same change a few months ago and thought the same thing.
Some people take sports way too seriously.
Congrats! DM me so I can get your info...
Sabin-Schellenberg free e-waste recycling event hosted by Green Century
Everytime I hear the beginning if Summer Nights, I think WMYB is coming on... They sound so alike...
Failed North Korean Launch a Setback for Kim Jong-un Defying warnings of more censure and sanctions, North Korea launched a rocket Friday
Plane full of Brewers hats. My people!
is on her way to play softball on Roosevelt Island! :D
is happy her parents' home is still standing but wishes she was helping to cover ike's aftermath in houston.
Just made vegan Indian food and stuffed peppers! Yummy!
What a wonderful feeling that is!
I did say something once, she laughed and slogged away ARGHHH
thanks. I'm getting your updates. I've been following you since way back. :)
Walking dead is the shit
Home early just to see and
Downloaded Words With Friends on my droid. Now to figure out how to play. Connected thru FB.
No idea who could count the InChI Keys.....not sure it's an easy challenge...
I'm going to put myself into a diabetic coma tonight.
Yeeeeaaaaaaaah I don't.😣
No school for me,
Many more moving musical measures coming soon :-)
The worst feeling in the world is forgetting someones bday that your close to... Smdh!!!!
RT lmao people r actin like boosie is about to b in the studio tommorow, dude isnt even gettin outta jail for a cool 8 yrs
Imagine being so excited for the fall semester of Ball So Hard University, and you show up and the TA is teaching class. You'd drink 4 days.
:/ maybe it will come monday... btw i washed ur sweat shirt! the stains came out! ill bring it tomorrow!
do that .. Because its some shit going on tomorrow!
where are you off to next?
I coached BB 13 years. Best memory was parents of child with learning issues tell me his being on my team was 1st time he was treated as =.
Looking for a new #sales #career? Look no further. base+commission, benefits, gas allowance, awesome company. DM me if interested!
That must be the new version of cutting off sleeves.
Cool. What's your prices?
I'm happy to see here on Twitter! :D
NOW Russell is in? Incredibly stupid managing. All because this is the 8th & the last was the 7th. Yet that situation was...
was so good on dancing with the stars, he deserved to stay!
haha. If you haven't been crossed you haven't played anybody good.
nah missed him at dba by 10 minutes. He's still the nastiest...
I really need to keep my emotions in check were is my support group when I need them
this is just crazy right now
well now I HAVE to watch it! I'm so curious about what happened to make it so awful.
I'm tired of waiting days for Firefox updates. I want to have to update my browser every few hours!
has a new legal intern - Ilaria Canepa - honors graduate of University of Milan law school - starting next week.
AH. Starbucks, Dunks, not open yet... I'm like a crack addict trolling Downtown Crossing, looking for a fix.
pussy way out. At least no tax $ spent on trial and prison
Thursday - 10 am Hot with Bethany and 4 pm Power with Gwen. Go ahead, laugh at the ice as you walk out of 105 degrees! heh
wish I was there with u guys ...
#10FactsAboutMe 1. My name is Maria 2. I'm 13 years old 3. I'm a Mahomie 4. I only have 2 true friends I can trust [c]
I know it's hard to keep an open heart when even friends seem out to harm you
I know lent is still for another 2 weeks but im going back to the gym!
Did someone say rain?
So true. RT : I love Peeta and I love Gale. I have a favorite for Katniss. But I really hate this team talk. This isn't Twilight.
Chopped it up w/ big cuz needed a good ole laugh from my crazy day, now its hubby n wife time w/
Thanks for the follow! Don't forget to follow too :)
why is this happening? reality tv "expo" wtf? www.realityrocks.net
When you're behind in reading your twitter feed, at what point do you say, Screw It, and scroll through? 530?
will never notice mee :'(
ps. If u don't follow , please do. She is one of the coolest people you'll ever meet. (yes, we'll keep pulling pranks on her :)
Reign truly the #kingofallmedia!!!!!!
He Finna Blow Me Real Tlk!!
No weapon formed against us shall prosper. Unity is key.
you texted me this morning ?
ThMrUKno: The author of Revelation loved the language of numbers. In the year 95 CE, “7”=divine wholeness, “6”=incompletness, falling short.
I'm interested what's the title of the album that's about to come out.
Got SANDCASTLES on Netgalley!
better make something happen or this friendship could be over.
If you can't read this, I've been sopa'd.
wordpress helped me so much. Great for training, easy to code or customize and user friendly content management system.
I might be the only Florida girl who owns only 1 pair of flip flops. I have sandals, but only 1 pair of flops for the beach. Smh
Speaking in French. c:
I was up late reading MOCKINGJAY last night and tried to read it while I brushed my teeth this morning. My brain is in Panem. ;)
I loved going in the tunnels! It was so much fun
found out wat
Teaching what double dribbling is! And clock management! And
I couldn't fit any more letters!!
I heard that you like the bad girls, honey, is that true?
I think I broke a toe, maybe two. Let's shoot this wedding!
New topic - Gots me a little itch!
Don't consider yourslef an ugly person , consider yourself as a beuatiful monkey <3
the book is amazing so far!!!!:D
Sorry I didn't take your advice, dear. Had to go with the black & red/orange. Already have shoes that will match perfectly!
All you folks here for #gnomedex this weekend, welcome to Seattle.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Found this online: Color of your pants + last thing you ate/drank = band name. Get ready for the upcoming hit album from Blue Fried Rice.
not to mention they have the best coach in the NBA
I've never been! I heard it is great!
Hi, My name is John Lee, I'm a Chinese Teacher for more than 10 Years! ►►►►I Follow Back ► If you keep Following me ►
Swag S-She W-Wants A-A G-Gentalmen
Will the presentation on 10/18 be webcast? I love JSB but can't make it to San Fran.
I'm going to WWDC 2011.
I'm bummin it today !
This is the Official Twitter Page of Kustomized Giftzz www.kgiftzz.com Check us out today for the latest Customized Gifts
This is Ridiculous
great peer-to-peer conference for fishermen LaPazBCS Mexico thx and COBI for #sustainable #fisheries www.pescadorapescador.net
One final down, one left to go!
cause you never tag shit lol
looking forward to partying with you soon!!!
Now #following the best #mindless fan ever every mindless fan if ur #mindless then follow her!
Ain't gonna lie...it would really bother me...
Good morning! Back at it on 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM after that! Hm, maybe Summerfest later?
Never bash other people to get where we wanna be!
Researching potential #beverage #distributors. We're trying to get DL in as many states as possible!
Ran out of characters to hashtag.
Where do we send you stuff.. What's your P.O. Box(: <3
Playing 335 six max at
apparently his idea of creating jobs is putting more people in the military.
My kitty is so cuddly tonight 🐱💗
wouldn't eat anything made by $anders. Probably be greasy, fatty, and overpriced. Like his gov.
Sounds good, I'm open.
do u think that is a common perception and representation of young women in our culture?
I dont depend on my boyfriend,he just likes spoiling me.
Damn! I almost dressed in all purple before leaving the house, and NOW I learn Big Lebowski is playing tonight.
Dear old grumpy co worker hearing you bitch about your job is not what I want to hear after a nice lunch.. Your 66.. RETIRE That is all
She says im everything shes wanted since she met me 3 years ago : ) with alex and mikey gonna spend the night at her house again ; )
WHY THANK YOU CONSTANCIO COBRA!(;
Bo rainy days!!
hit me up tomorrow
I've definitely pulled that out for previous workshops. :) We have a YouTube video too.
Mana Jumps Past Britney Spears In Record 11 Shows at L.A.'s Staples Center (Billboard)
"Highly recommend the Maguire's Salad and Crostinis." - Jeff G. on #Foursquare. We agree, Jeff!
Watching on Tough new street track. Big crowd.
My husband and I didn't sign a pre-nuptial agreement
Have the courage to be imperfect and life becomes easier.
are you doing the demo at loretta lynn's this year?
I'm feelin this pic alot more then the egg u had =) haha
shhhhhh were not supposed to talk about this... This plan isnt set in motion!!
Ready for home and relaxing. Perhaps a nap is in order. I was traveling at 6:30 this AM.
Sorry- that should be Fess Parker- and I've only had half a glass- really!
I'm tryin to make a Cedar Point trip one day!!!
While Frozen Planet is excellent, it would have been nice to have Tina Fey voicing a polar bear to go along with Alec Baldwin's narration
“: “: I thought Obama was opposed to slavery and realized he's Soros prostitute”lmao wittyatty”,
Panic attacks thinking about panic attacks.
I wish!
Whoop thank yu mista worm..... I tied that bow!
y wont you do the same ?
Hockey fights are both awesome and ridiculous at the same time.
Only good thing about tonight: panda express for dinner and Jason's deli strawberry shortcake for dessert
#OffTheirRockers... funnier than hell!! lol Betty White is a genius!
Dr.Lyndsay...You were great this AM! Thanks for waking up @ O'Dark Hundred!
Thanks for reposting the Eberhard clip link. It convinced me to go back on anti-depressants. I'm much better now.
pm me and Ill tell you my rates
I feel yah' sister.
No, I won't give up.
S/O da Dc god on da new deal
User:GodbeyBurney511 - noitcidary: the reverse-dictionary wiki project
Obama's new proposal re: black unemployment: Jobs at B.E.T for everyone!
I'm mad I can't use my phone right now. -__-
Anti-war protester to keep up fight
Although I have been opposed to the thought of color guard after Pride, I am offically going to do drum corps and march Pride again =]
Seriously. That ride is nicer than my car.
Still there's no place I'd rather be.
Just me talking.Corporations are not limited in the $ they can use to influence public policy.Who will be a voice for our youngest citizens?
Thanks for the mention!!!
Why do people insist on trying to get blood out of a turnip and then get upset when there's no blood?????????????
Thank you so much for the MT the #jazzday concert last night was a phenomenal event to see, to the future goes
UofL game day in about 3 hours....... You playing hookie or are you working like myself?
Only $5 = extra income. Get more info by sending an email to
omg 4 real? What is 999 if you turn it upside-down (considering your phone doesn't correct itself)
Industry verticals assessing #cybersecurity compliance - healthcare leading the way.
At the airport waiting to board! Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Hope everyone had fun at the show last night!
When he picked Palin, that's when I ditched the Rep. party. Maybe its a trend, an hallelujah moment.
a proud Nationals fan? That a girl!!!! We need to send you a new #47 jersey.
and I got crafty and created beautiful masks for Mardi Gras. I'm thinking we need an etsy store.
That depends Is she a blonde and is she a female?
Open up my open house today. Condo westside Madison.
Had an awesome moment in the office today...5 people laying hands and praying over a care package prior to delivery. Please pray for Billy.
hi there! you too!
UVA/PVCC Free Latte Month is back for all students, faculty, and staff members! Come in every day for a free latte. No purchase required.
getting ready
BIG H MANTRA: Barry Bonds was convicted of lying to the Government last week. If the Government lies to us, then WHO gets convicted?
Time for Joe Pa to hit the retirement home. Sad way to go out.
School ruined my holiday to seattle what a bad holiday ☹
Obama was born in Hawaii, a US state, making him a natural born citizen. Careful. Your propaganda is showing
gotcha. I kinda do but not any details.
I know we fight a lot, we may not be the perfecistt couple in the world, but I know our love is real..if it wasn't why would we still b here
Wisconsin limbo was entertaining. Time to come home dems. The game is over. State is ready for leadership and unity.
I guess it depends on what price you put on your head! :)
Busy day doing freelance.
nonetheless yayyyyy!! Make sure to take pictures. Enjoy =))
I thought about starting to be nice to people then I realized the only way to get through to people is to be an ass hole.
about to hit sheets goodnight twitter friends
Yes, that's another one of my SF bus-related pet peeves too.
was but ya no. Shit happens.
Although it does seem very developer centric to assume that the #ux is only handled by the view layer of a web application
Up late preparing for a radio interview scheduled for Tuesday night. Been really swamped lately. Started as a adjunct professor last week.
Congratulations to all winning bidders!
Sending you some love today. Also, if you need coffee I just brewed some. Fuck that bitter burnt shit! You're welcome.
"You have".....something. Good luck lol
no problem. Thanks for the S/O! Keep an eye on the blog, too; great things are in the works.
Having an awesome time with and many BP fans in A's game, trolling about defensive metrics
Crazy sex couple Mack Hall
Twitter: my biggest procrastination since 2009.
Need something fun to do tonight? The Polar Express is playing at the Humphrey IMAX Theater at 7:10pm!
More water.
Bronson estimates she drank maybe 5 glasses wine. "It was too much. I really wasn't keeping track...but that's no excuse."
San Fran bitch!!! Hahahahababa
Right now here in Burque, the moon is huge and looks yellow like cheese
Doesn't look like I'll be running so it's looking like an Ultra fall & winter for me :)
Got a hair cut thinking it may be a little too short
Be sure to drink your Ovaltine!!
I was able to get an extra three hours of sleep last night :D I feel so rested. Time to get up and get ready for work.
that moment when you feel your phone vibrate && have no notifications<<< o.O
RT THIS if you will buy an poster from if he makes some(: YOU GOT TO RT THIS THOUGH
Slew of great books purchased for school from Chop Suey Books. Hope I won't be the only one who wants to read them.
Lovin it outside right now
The number one mistake in a relationship ive made is taking things too fast. slow and steady!
Going to get our workout on later cuz we cool like that
...thx...sending 2day info of the play from Centennial Productions.
Yes, I'm aware of that. You don't have to point it out.
i hate him
Somebody robbed in Lawrenceville.
RT : old news, but I just saw #THATCamp Bay Area alum is first US employee.
Thanks! See you then! RT Come out to the meeting July 14th.. Come be a part of the solution
Science to get interesting today. Our groups get to set up their experiments today. YEAH finally!
OMG THANK YOU SIS!
We are planning for July 21st! National Hot Dog day. Two for One hot dogs that day at Relish!
LAN party@ the House Party. Team Fortress2 & Left4Dead2! Kill zombies with like-minded players! #seehelenparty11 Sign up in Rm. 1193.
I can't wait to make a Malaysia/Hong Kong video compilation. Some great memories were made.
No, , you are wrong!
on this day, April 21, 2011, Skynet became self aware and was the beginning of machines taking over the world.
Gonna take me a hot bath and then watch Contraband. 🛀📺👍
RT The new #Hyundai #Elantra is impressive. Exceptional value, refinement, nice design. VW, Toyota - you're under attack.
The worst part about politics is that you're always right and no one ever knows it.
How's business been so far? The staff at JSL need to make a trip to check out the brews!
Practice is going very well. Kind of surprising seeing we haven't played the set in about 6 months. :)
That's great news!
Exceeding Expectations: "romance, mystery, suspense." Review & author interview http:www.//booksfromthepurplejellybeanchair.blogspot.com
oh NHL 11 and Wii slapshot are awesome! The wii version is a blast!!
And so it begins...my adventures in MANILA without POREOTICS...time to explore! =] -Chad Mayate
spotted: #flyingdog t-shirt @
I HONESTLY THINK NO ONE CAN OUT-DRINK ME !!!!
Awww thx!! December needs to come soon! Where do u stay downtown? =)
Haha, funny! Can't believe that was 12 years ago now! :s
Interesting article. Thanks for sharing.
sup dong man?
I'm goin back to Cali Cali Cali....I'm goin back to Cali....LA HERE WE COME!
Y U NO TWEET?
RT : You are living in a dream of your own creation. Let it be the dream of a lifetime, for that is exactly what it is.
Did you guys film the finale today?!?
love your avi!!
RT Q from audience on #highered advocacy role in #PellFuture. Flanagan says we need to work together w/ a big message
Good for you... I am trying to get my routine going, yet again.. not that I take many weeks off of exercise outright.
Thanks for RT...I enjoyed reading about your "Creative Neighborhood Fund" concept & incentive model for the
that's the plan Repeat or die trying.
a tiny touch for the keeper and he goes down. never had control of the ball and was going away from goal.
Thanks for tweeting, Mr Penguin. Hope your hordes of fans and admirers will enjoy it as much as we hope they did!
Thoughts on Miami Dolphins trading Brandon Marshall to Chicago Bears ???
CONTEST: Name 3 out of 4 Real World/Road Rules Challenges that participated in! EMAIL your answers to
I love when...he talks to me nd doesn't have a clue that I like him<3
Enjoying a post-conference respite with the PRO-ED team!
appreciate #courtcommuntiyservice workers - they are hard workers!
New found glory hole
people seem mean lol and it's like nothin out here!
Trust the Lord with all your heart; seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take. <3
Know how I know #Cubs fans are clueless? They go nuts when Izturis makes an out as if getting Izturis out is an accomplishment.
#herworld congratulations. The book and shaun;s message are so great. Thanks for attending
Thanks for helping make the night a success!
Depends how you define wealthy RT “Do we want to keep giving tax breaks to wealthiest Americans like me, or Buffett, or Gates?”
Bag of redbulls, ice and tablecloth, it's going to be a fun night,
Hope it is all for the good. Speaking of good, I think I'm almost in good enough shape to keep up with you now!
daniels at my casa~
Happy fat tuesday!! Need to figure out what in giving up for lent!!
Holy hell- biggest traffic clusterfuck on State at 94. Good thing I'm early?
I can't wait! I have 2 lines :)
i heard is gonna perform on s.n.l this week!
Preach T.Dot RT Never let a bad situation from your past hinder your current blessing(s).
ill speak. How are ya mr chad?
watching "The Blind Side" reminds me just how much I miss football season...
I tell my mom I'm hungry and all I get in return is "hi, I'm mom, nice to meet you hungry!"
Shout out to the
way too long..will you join me at niteowl upon my arrival home?
I'm sending lots of love and a huge hug to you. I know tomorrow will be a better day.😃
Wow, must have missed that and what prompted it RT : Last week, I believe.
We hear its snowing like crazy over by the PCC Sylvania campus right now!
are you from the east
Also, can you talk a bit about the role babytalk plays in your character-building? Seems wike Scwandy cwouldn't stop.
my #StarPlayer is me!!
#Netanyahu on video: sounds like James Earl Jones, and Ilike it.
Women need preventative care!
LMAO.... WOW ": if you listen to boosie you're a heaux & word to Jesus sandals you probably smoke black n mild & drink 40's"
#BecauseofObama stupid people think the american economy can run on green energy.
Durant showing why he is going to win the ring. Keep your MVP bitch
Thanks, buddy. P.S. Was sorry to hear about your divorce. I've been there, hope it wasn't too rough on ya.
Almost off the air...so ready to chill in front of a television that I can't...well...I can't f***ing wait.
Brewing my coffee and it's off to work!!!!!
Dare to be YOU!!! Write out your biggest dream and start to live it.
We gotta start believing in ourselves and trust in God...
I'll tell you when I see you
Let's go Hoosiers!!!
Productive and insightful day of discussions for #rethinkmusic via Twitter, and lots of writing done. Feel accomplished. also tired.
Got a watch! But drew a squiggly line sideways. Oh well. Can't win 'em all.
check out the book food matters. its a quick read with lots of gems of inspiration to eat better. loved it!
white collar, pretty light entertainment.
Women notice EVERY little thing so be careful what you say and do.
Man, I was counting on you to disagree with my favorite. Thanks for nothing!
- Great Jake's Take today. Have about 500 Starting Lineups in my parent's basement and the '93 Todd Day @ my desk.
Feeling pretty good today. Lots of things to be grateful for.
Window's open, thermistat goes up, that's how it works... Jackass
On campus at Ole Miss...makes me homesick for Missoula.
I absolutely love
Watching "Army Wives" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
but thus bs he was driving like an ass
nope, but ah thats one of my favorite movies!!! AND OMG, LETS GO SEE IT!!!!!!!!! haha
Attn:gamers! Now the world can know what you already do-video games engage the brain! See Tom Chatfield on TEDTalks
Hi Craig, like to share how much people LOVE Ford w/ Kanjoya's emotional tool & how well you connect w/ users. Follow me 2 DM?
You know, I need to develop the thumbnail habit. Perhaps I don't do it because so far I have worked mainly from photos.
Youth Court this Saturday! Keep warm till then!
Claudia Magana, student at UC Santa Cruz (SLUG LIFE!) & Prez of UC Student Assoc, testifying: Fee hike proposal WILL result in addtl protest
that sounds fantastic!! I am DM back now!
“One of the most desirable tools needed in the promotion of economic development is a safe and secure environment. I will support and...
as a longtime fan in the Chi, any way to get on the guest list for Saturday?
He talks like he accepts it all but he's wondering why I don't do something to get him out.
The world needs more ziplines.
not ringin any bells
thanks for driving traffic to #HRSW booth 412!
If he needs 2 nights off, then rest him Friday. He's 1-for-4 lifetime vs. Shaun Marcum
have there been imposter problems in seattle?
I think I know who it is (; darn.... you'll call dibs now haha
So Joe Biden says he's comfortable with gay marriage. I bet santorum could change his mind.
was @ Wrinkle in Time and got free stuff.
YES PLEASE!!!!! <3 and i dont have my phone but il tex u off of jakess phone! ily!
umm that's what you think.
As much as I am now rooting for Team Czech for gold, I'll call it: Finland, Czech Republic, Slovakia.
The show begins in 1 hour! Can't wait to hear your screams...and laughter. =)
Wow, Rome...you've hit a new low of self-promotion. Get over yourself.
I go sunshine on a cloudy day <3
not sure if you're being sarcastic or.....hahahah
I like that all of your pictures are 4 score and 100 lbs ago......
just got chocolate from a student as a thank you for some help, made my day!!
Awesome time at #moxiecon. Cool meeting so many awesome people!
you tried RKC, come try the Kettlebell Cardio workshop/certification ANYTIME on us! would love to get your input on it.
Encouraging to see The Smithsonian represented here. They are presenting 3D tech exhibits!
the ball beat the runner... ball always wins.
Good morning! What will you be singing today?
Having things in common with the person u like is great,but being exactly like eachother is not good for u, u have to be a little diffrent
Aww thank you! :D
That awkward moment when you are commenting on someone's "cute little girl" when it's actually a boy.......
Aren't we perky this morning! Have a good one!
I tend to test people on their loyalty, honesty, and how real they are 😉
You should go, it's seriously the best time ever
wats good peoples
Getting back to my roots with some event planning and budgeting today
Awww ya mad?
Bush econ adviser Lindsay giving patronizing lecture about fiscal responsibility at #EconSummit. Truly nauseating.
I am diggin' my purple glitter mani ;)
So when the senior prank?
just said Paul McCartney was more successful solo than with the Beatles. I can't believe he's allowed to breathe my air.
Four Weeks today and I'll be in #Baku for @ Eurovision. Five weeks to go till we know where next years holiday will be!
how's everyone's memorial day going? hopefully ya'll enjoying the weather and cooking out
Is throttling my data usage. This is complete bullshit. Hope they like FCC and Utilities Commission complaints.
Do you prefer to categorize your work as "projects" / "studies" / "work" / "portfolio" / or something else?
Sweet! In your in-box.
“ Me:i don't like him, i don't like him i dont like him, i don't like him, i dont like him. Friend:yes u do. Me:(sigh)i know :(”
Apple says 80% of U.S. hospitals "testing or piloting iPad."
Giordanos stuffed pizza is phenomenal. I ate WAY too much!
WOAH. I went outside for like an hour earlier today and I actually got some tan :)
The more I delve into UX Design, the more intrigued and fascinated I become. A change in my career path may be in the works.
... Good times. Thanks for moderating the fun panel Michael!
theater performance last night kicked ass motherfucker!
Gotta get out dis house.its depressing. I'm ready to go to six flags
brings back two for Tuesdays on Radio Freedonia from 2-4 PM on wtju.net
hug on your behalf. xD
I see u tryna get sum fame cause u ova dere whoopin ya boy smh
#DidYouKnow that 90% of people will not go past the 3rd page when conducting an online search?
Miss you.
says i only have 1998
I just want to thank him for all the hard work he does for us loyal fans and for others. He's sweet, but a bit unperceptive.
So excited to see tonight :)
We missed the one at Lodge a couple weeks back.
a yea we gon leave to do dat Miami show thurs morn delta ill hit u wit details later
i dont know any food other that arroz y frijoles.
Hope you all have an incredible day!! 🎶💛
question about the clothing store wet sealFamily Encyclopedia - wet seal
Of course-a great prospectus. Funny-I think since I included links, Wordpress thought it a spam comment. Cindy was confused!
Haven't been in a few weeks. Check out that free putting green?
what are you so happy about?
So sorry for your loss. And good for you for taking a day off. I am convinced that we do not give ourselves ample time to grieve.
Putting in the elbow grease.
Ah, you rule! Thank you!
Fuck! I NEVER have time for a fuckn nap! They ALWAYS want me too do stuff around! Ugh... fuck you lazzy ass fuck! ugh!
I work with a ex bank robber .. Dude is the nicest guy you'll ever meet . Never would have thought lmao
Oh. 12 is old. My cat's 11. Sigh. Sucks pets have to get old!
awww thanks! And of course you are
ok but follow me please please please
Sad face :( and Happy face :) at the same time Lol sorry about the whole marching band thing but atleast you hopefully had fun
lol I wanted to go but idk I died hah
Thanks for the congrats and RTs!
So excited that is tweeting! Be sure to follow him - he's the man! Thank you Jared! #SharePoint P.S. Live chat Thurs 11am PST
#Fletcher: our roads are in terrible condition, there's a cost to business, people & cyclists
Absolutely not. Never do a deal like that without the card in hand and always base it on present information.
Kodak party, not a bad way to kick of my night.
Is it just mine, or do all HTC Evos have terrible battery lives. Mine won't make it through the day - it just starting beeping to be fed.
Call me Big Daddy won't you back that ass up!
so the playwright is good enough to create a text you want to produce but not good enough to listen about world?
I'd love too... Just can't schedule anything for a while. Hmft.
RT : "No matter who U love or what god U worship you can still pursue URown happiness.I will join you every step of the way."
callback for what?
What a great morning !! might just about be my new hero!! Hilarious table read
I'm thinking June. June, and Printer's Row Lit Fest in Chicago. Yes, yes it's all clear now. Chicago.
You can sign up in either Bakehouse!! It's easy and free!
o i c! are you busy this saturday because i was thinking about taking you guys swimming with me because philk is on a trip.
Follow my music twitter!
Looking for some help #converting the beautiful #PDF of our anthology to #Kindle. Help?
Lastly, acknowledge the moment and process what's happening, so you can move onward into the future!
If you still have neon lights under your car, you need to get slapped in the face.
Be quiet
Bout to roll this paper✈ & go back to sleep,slick hangover
I love Thunder storms !
GOOD NIGHT BEAUTIFUL
On a call with debbie :p
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<3
ur welcome. n yes u do on ur last tweet
better learn not to beat up your girlfriend then to call out pacman
Finally off work!?
“The Truly Educated never Graduate.”
thanks for the follow. Welcome us 2 the neighborhood & Twitter! Cafe41 & pizzeria is right down street from john street dorms!
Joe Negri along with Jeff Grubbs & Tom Wendt tonight at Jazz at Andys at the Fairmont Pittsburgh...7-10pm. Stop on by!
crossed the line w/ the Ryan Dunn "joke." is a real nice guy and he didn't even give you a courtesy chuckle.
Big S/O to and his session!!
I'm thinking #1 on on the charts good!!!
New Order!! My 80s faves! Digging these blasts from my past. So trippy!
Mahomies who wants to be in the video for Austin:)????????
connor maynard's voice is gorgeous.
By hoops do you mean planking on top of the rim?!
you got it??
An eleven-year old Steve Martin shows up as Disney employee around two minutes in- his first ever uncredited screen appearance.
This is all we poor women can do...Prepare yourself for usefulness & devote all your powers to the service of God.
Thats wonderful, god bless ;)
I wanna stay up all night and do it all with Harry ;)
Turn wounds into wisdom
I hope T.O. gets a Dr. Phil tattoo... preferably lower back.
I Lovee The Attention From Females. That's Just Mee
in the words of Fred Armisen in #Portlandia, flash mobs are OVER!
DONT GET IT TWISTED IM ALL IN WITH #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th... WONT ANYONE WORK HARDER THAN #ENYGMA....... BUT S/O TO #SYE .. THEY IN THIS HOE
Thinking about it I used to eat 2 steaks a omelette and pancakes when we went to ihop for breakfast and finish it with 2 ojs
I never knew the NBA had a first 2 weeks anyway.
the new changes seem scary, but it always seems to work out
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement. -Peter Drucker
LOL! RT: You better get on that diet then. Nothing says "funny" like you in a speedo. Thanks. ;)
I didn't even know I needed to learn it when I arrived :) thanks for the tweet and the kind words!
Haha that is so much cooler than the real meaning.
Watching performance on SNL he did fantastic but can some1 please tell me who his backup singer is HOT DAMN!
ya you know me!
hungover + helicopter flying = "helicopter goes down" on the 5 o'clock news!
When you write down your goals, you are nine times more likely to follow through. HT
is yu coming over my crib toma?
and the true good of the woman who can never, in any circumstances, find fulfilment in the decision to abort."
My wish is seriously coming true that I made back in April
never could why not? don&#39;t talk to me without a lawyer u lying piece of shit
you are welcome, I would like to pick your brain when you are available in regards to my business
Visiting my parents this wknd & I'm srsly bringing a jacket I want my mom to iron so I can bring it home all nice. Some things never change.
RT : Thanks! glad you liked the photo :) < love it. thanks 4 sharing
you are in our prayers McCord. we love you!!
": someone needs make a song called take it to the face" VerseFrom"TakeItToThaFace" OnYoKneezGrabMyWast,AndTakeItToThaFace..lol
I'm just blunt
Im just saying you could do better.
OUTLANDISH, LEAR Gang
#grateful for time with friends, good food, good wine and conversation! Thanks P&K for a great time yesterday!
Went with Mom to her job today. I'm done my classes/schoolwork for today and I'm so bored. Blehh >.<
Wow thank you! Glad ya dig it!
Went to firemoutain
and if by the off chance you are dieting mix with a little kettle one. that stuff is like water when it comes to calories
Lmfao ! The conversation I'm having with this Kik Team Bot! XD
Heh, you tell me when. I need a haircut.
Gerd and I are on a ride to Genoa. Beautiful weather fir motorcycle ride.
Bout to sell my body. It's hard out here.
Well congrats, my friend! Upward and onward.
RT : 63 players made the cut at The Masters. The last time 63 made the cut? Fred Couples won the tournament.
Can it be Saturday already?
And how many of those supposedly "iconic" #1 Rihanna singles (half of which are collabs) exactly memorable? Umbrella, das it.
Wow, we've reached over 1,600 fans! Thanks for liking us :)
No different than Hillary did when Bill was called the first black president.
I hate driving next to semis on the highway
Tonight I am in an idc attitude with her
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 62F OVERCAST
gotta love the #FollowFriday even though it's Sunday! Thanks!
too bad. It's not a very good book...or fan fic...mine are way better.
The Black Swan Lake Placid
So some of my friends keep tripping balls cause I talk to the girl they hate WE'RE NOT EVEN FRIENDS CALM YOUR TITS.
Jealousy and hate are two diff things. They were good dogs, btw. RT ppl were hating Vick long b4 the dog issue
u mad
Major in what you love :-D
BK, we go theological. “: God's own borough.”
#imissthe90sbecause it had the best TV shows ever...
": #20factsaboutme 8) around christmas all i wear is feetie pajamas. they be cozy!"
It's #yoga and a healthy breakfast for me this morning! How are you getting energized for the new week?
Me too. Wow. RT : I was gonna stay up to watch the #lakers vs #okcThunder. Nope ...what....a letdown.
no tweets lady… Shy? See you Tuesday!
Hope everyone is having a great weekend, get that Christmas shopping done already!
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. - Henry Ford
I'm ready!
true mahomies will RT this and follow me! :)
Tweet tweeting it up now!
Bought a new toaster today...wasnt hungry 4 toast but I still made some. Why do we feel compelled 2 use the new appliance when it gets home?
OK Google Offers . . . time to unsubscribe, i'm tired of you cluttering my inbox.
Love you hard!
Tiger expressed every sentiment that we have in our Inside/Out line of greeting cards.
Get it gurl. RT : 300 miles so far in 2012... might just be able to pull off this 1000 mile goal.
On the flight over the pond to duch land a group of kids drank their body weight in beer... Yikes!
The action shot! Me, recovering from the publishing experience, hoping to write something soon. What about u?
is PP toe ok? its a 100% sure he is playing tomorrow?
my baby will be 2 on the 19th...we've been so wrapped up in buying a house we haven't been planning much. I feel horrible
Dear Penn State Rioters, You're all a bunch of jerks. Put it in perspective. Love, The Rest of the World
i honestly thought that said my abs are working again... >.>
I can't wait to see you on Friday.
Gas prices $3.05, interest rates on the rise, house sales sluggish, life as a Realtor is a challenge! But come on economy, let's rumble!
Making a denist appointment tomorrow
ah sookie sookie! Not really. I don't know why I just said that.
I'm wearing clear soles and it starts raining... When I leave, its barefoot
Absolutely have experience with it, its an unbelievable tool and depending on the city, can be much more cost effective.
Other value plays: Bears +6-1/2 vs the Saints and Bengals +5 vs the Broncos.
thx for the mention! "Real girls drink real beer"
I cannot pass Goes To Japan level 2 for nothing!
Season 3 of "Louie" premiers on June 28th
It's not that easy...we're still a district full of young kids that we need to look out for. We can't block some and not others.
I wonder who was assigned to cheap shot Ron Artest when the refs aren't looking
follow your heart in this case Nate.
Dad tell he'll know what to do. RT “: only have 1 follower, have to figure out how to get more.
you coming tomorrow night?
I mean lexi
Also my girl is now old enough to know if shes not eating what others are.So had to bake cupcakes tonight for party tomorrow
i love how everyone looks sad while Mikey is holding up the peace sign (:
networking? I heard your song
got it. Love variety, so prob will check it out. Thanks for mentioning it!
Baby feeding me cookies
#FF Mr. Troll King :nails:
Back off bitch
this place is cool..upscale Italian restaurant upstairs..then lowkey a really fun sports bar feat beer pong downstairs
Mr. D would like to offer you a free dozen donuts or a 1 pound bag of coffee. Tell the employees who you are to receive your prize!
Takes extraordinary restraint to watch #DrPhil and not scream "you idiots thought it a good idea to solve your problems on national TV?"
Amazing feeling having one nostril stuffed..blowing your nose..and a huge clunker flying out.
How are you getting ready for finals?
Yes, i will eat all this #pasta, thanx.
I can't wait to see it actually.
I tried to post the full link to the streaming Newsies cast recording but twitter told me it was forbidden. Anyone know why? ?
My phone keeps unfollowing people!
finished Black Jack, it is very legit :)
1-11 or 1-10 like where they do that at I could of did that bull shit
I could fall in love in love with you <3 #Selena I love this movie so much RIP Selena Quintanilla <3
Right now, I do what I do best, and that is procrastinate.
It's always a weird day in downtown Raleigh.
Weird. Do you have Quicktime?
congrats on winning the Masters!
how did you quote!?
When you relate it to money its does.
Should be. Always wonder though when public is voting. They are the two best although Holly is very good as well.
you should if I was taking the pics! Cause you say, you don't work out so well!!!!
Coca-Cola that is...
no one I know is into that type of stuff. It really sucks.
Landau Eugene Murphy, Jr. coming to the radio station today and I get to interview him! I'm a little excited!
Love love love this book - hope you do too!
This Calls For A GRINDING Contest!!
who cares?! :D lol
lil chick what are you talkin about?
They say they are looking for women. FYI
Did you see the curious little penguin with a mohawk? Amazing. (I hate you for dragging me into this.)
We just set our launch date for February 1st! Contact us at to make sure your venue is featured on Bar Scene!
Another game today Middleton
Lol some of you are so funny. #thankyou :')
Sometimes I read something like The Bone People and it puts me in a way too thinky head space.
favoritism that x1000
Woke up to a mini van on fire in front of my neighbor's home, so freaky! Explosions and the works. Yikes!!!
How come every station I select on #Pandora is playing jazz?! Come on Pandora, don't you know it's Friday!
Thanks for the RTs and
Things I need to do while I'm in #NYC for a long weekend next week. And... go.
awesome! Can you hold one for me?
So excited about Easter, teared up in SBX this morning thinking about my Savior & impact that He has on those who trust Him!
You was at Victory field today?!
I am practicing saying the word "prosopography"
What if I'm wearing a hoodie and butterfly wings?
Very good advice RT : Keep in touch with industry people you’ve met…they could be your next stepping stone to an awesome role!
None of my interns know who Johnny Gill is. Why does that surprise me?
Frank, thank you so much for the #FF! Hope you are doing well :^)
Frank Jr jr , leslie , and Chandler
Thank ya!
I wanna see #mayweather kick pacquiao's ass next
Great, busy and may be talking to you sometime in the near future ;-)
Of cource Wolffe has foreign accent. He should speak with authority to America.
lol love you
Wow I had a veggie sub w veggie pattie for lunch and mixed salad with tofu, soy nuggets, and vegetable pasta for dinner.
child please I been more place than u wud Eva see & I'm only 13
yeah it hurt pretty bad too.D;
are you kidding? D: ....you just ruined taco bell for me
Bell's Hopslam
Stop one, World Wide Apparel!
why do I scare people off?
Oh no, I wish thou.
Had a really good night :)
If i #follow you, you
We're building a startup to compete against Youtube. Follow and you'll know the launch details soon!
Cool story, bro.
that is one fancy job title!
Best night of the year so far thanks to someone special :)
Heading out to #lrsv. Will be checking in throughout the day at
If we arent following you just tweet us and we will follow back
