Henderson did not even break a sweat last fight and is bigger stringer faster
Not so sure if any bands are gonna be playing, given the weather...
Time to embrace reality: Romney will win. We are no longer in Kansas. The main event is now underway. Third partiers jockeying in earnest.
dang there goes all your stripper money! haha jk!
Raining AH
Thanks Colleen - I agree!!! - Loved our #sparkandhustle experience in #Philly last year. #girlpower”
maybe I'm just out of it, but what song is that? Lol
Dear Anyone who spends their day whining: Shut up, stop blaming everyone but yourself and get up off your ass.
I am interested in trying it with French. Did it take a while for kids to get used to it?
RT Director of house church network Life Together Churches/ founder of video game co.Rebel Planet Creations.
Got a script 4 a Russian cast & crew or a fantasy script for an actress in her early 40s? You might wanna see InkTip.com's free newsletter.
I Miss You <3
“: I SEE A FEW MUTHAFUCKAS UP EARLY ON THIS SATURDAY HIGH POWER FAKING WIT IT THO <<<
are you suree?
Have I ever told you how much I want a cuckoo clock? Now you know.
hm..."sit right down" makes more sense than "step right down." Misheard lyrics as a kid that must have stuck with me.
RT Looking for #Apartments in #Chicago? Follow us!
I have a question...Is this really you in this picture? Is so, you are HOT! <3<3<3
- You are most welcome and I look forward to sharing my experiences as a Pinterest noobie!
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Blow their.... mind ;)
#googleplay layout seems to need a little work. Very un
A good pair of socks can change everything. knows what's up!
thank you so much for your support!
still think that they don't value M.Gamel as highly as most think... Thus Beckham interest... Also B. Lawrie looms for 2B
Felt the inspiration of possibility just from browsing a local art supply store. Amazing how a few new pens make me want to draw more.
I feel really stupid now for checking Facebook before twitter this morning.
GO NOW!!! Wake them up and go!!
idk do u ?
God Morning. <3
Hybrid impressions are not easy
yeah! After she hitter her goal she changed her account! She used Bieber & Beliebers.
nosing through some tweets and planning plan of attack on tomorrow's packing agenda
people always advertise what they'd do for somebody if they were in a relationship but when they finally get in one it's nothing like that
that's actually what I said to a guy out here that was, a sure hard Michigan state fan lol
I don't think that this particular bone is supposed to be hurting right now
LAUSD board member testifying: Emphasizes student safety, which this bill does nothing 2improve... I recommend following your policies & law
He taught at my alma mater, R.I.P.
BELIEBERS GO HARD :) 8 million views in 24 hours . AH YEAH ;) follow me ? :)
#disapora your site is so bad, I'm starting to wonder if this "alpha launch" wasn't actually a conspiracy to drive people back to facebook.
false cathedrals owns radiohead...
Gotta get my British royalty fix from somewhere :)
...so never fuck nobody without telling me...
please follow cristina garcia on facebook please it is her birthday she is an amazing friend the pic is she cover her eyes
heck yeah can't wait til Friday night!!!!!!
We are located at 125 Fleet Street, Scottsville. Find us under the gorgeous market pavilion and check out our new construction: restrooms!!
Nieves has caught Wolf 3 out of last 4, will this be Lucroy's rest turn going forward?
It wasn’t until 1958 that “Come Fly With Me” was released. It subsequently became a number one album.
yes, rain exiting now, but can't rule out completely dry rest of tonight. Rain/storms tough to pinpoint today
yeah, I'm lost on the lyrics. Need to hear it again
Duke won by a buzzer beater. Carolina just won by 18 on senior night.
what channel is Good Burger on???
omg omg omg might come to Boston :D I'm gonna cry. VOTE FOR BOSTON (:
First major of the year. Lets go Rafa Nadal
2 each system
Not busy. Plenty left.
I'm not arguing path to goal, I'm arguing there ought to be a goal.
Hanging with at the soft opening! Getting our burger on!
Testing out tweet archiving
lol and me either;p it's usually to early..
By end of 2011 half of Americans will have smart phones
Be careful of the YOU just tweeted that, the dreaded, You sent that already "ATTACK" - AH real monsters
Me smiling,4 female friends,3 blunts...
watchhiin the competition video from this weekend... we look pretty hot if i do say so myself :)
#occupyoakland I do not understand how there is $ for choppers, riot cops & jails and there is nothing in parity to fight crime in E Oakland
After all that? Really Joshie? Really?
I love me some Wale!!!!
We interrupt this slumber to bring you a pretty freakin' awesome thunderstorm.
Hey Jamal, I know your a busy man & all, probably get messages 4rm random people all the time but I'm here to discuss business>>
oh my fault follow back Lol
Went to Lincoln over the weekend for booking. Looking foward to some new out of town shows. , Grove, Bourbon Theater.
Just made plans to have lunch w/my mom tomorrow. Been a couple wks since ive seen her...Cant wait to see her & catch up!! :-)
This is so tragic. :-(
Recently inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, he was a self-taught bassist & vocalist who will be missed. R.I.P Adam "MCA" Yauch
my friend just called me and told me that she got a video of you telling me hi and i screamed<3 haha love you<3
Investigators come to view prostitutes as human-trafficking victims and increasingly focus on targeting the pimps as traffickers.
Why thank you for this question. Pink and green. It's a curatorial uniform.
Thank you for your outstanding representation of Reichert products in Poland!
Can't believe Don Draper dies of liver failure in the new season's 1st ep!
To follwrs of da people im Fllwng ........ Please FOllow me .......please,please,please.
Road trip!
Alright, apparently crocs ARE allowed. If you get in trouble, blame ;)
I just had a dope
Thanks Coach. How's that baby doing?
'Real meditative practice is how you live your life moment to moment.'--Jon Kabat-Zinn
Good morning y'all.. it's Friday!
Gotye's "Somebody That I Used To Know" #NowPlaying in Tombs. This song is on every single time I'm in here. Not good.
You inspire!!
oh ok thanks :)
What a dick. Fucking liquor store indian prick
The poor old man could barely lift his carry on. Then she made a comment about her coworkers having 2 get shoulder surgery#Frontier Airlines
emily and i will go. <3
Our highest breakfast sandwich sales so far was 79 sandwiches in one day! We are still trying to hit 100... Come in and try one out today!
Ain't no way around it
Dieng for three?
We're closing the office from 11:30-1:30 (Central) today for a special company meeting. We'll return your calls/emails when we return.
I'll donate $100 to Child's Play to show how much I disagree with you.
Have a great thanksgiving everyone
is the best person in the world :)
I wish I can unfollow some of y'all with out y'all finding out..
New b.o.b cd is too nice
Appreciate it
I left home at 13. My only pictures are of me in the army. Helmet hair
What's good on netflix these days????
Thanks. I completely respect and follow team cribs but they're giving me a hard time......
Kanisha auntie a trip
I know where I'm eating lunch: RT is excited to have you join us tomorrow from 11am-3pm!! Bring on the CHEESE!!
is dropping Lily off for a sleepover and then heading to Vail
Ugh I don't think it's going to get finished in time
I know it sucks, just been busy training at work. Now they got me working for six days starting sunday. Only for a week tho
I'll admit, i just got overly excited when i found out that and were going to be teaming up for two episodes...
ooc; Ouch. Ok.
hit me on fb
what smiley lol
#WTFWasYouThinking when you stole my food -,-
Ben Reitman's great granddaughter talks about the #SDFreeSpeech at the corner of 5 & E
got a condo on my wrist, girl im cashinn out.
Internal Grilling Temperature Quick Guide for BBQ - Steak: internal temp. of 145 degrees F for Medium Rare, 160 F for Medium, 170 F for Well
Happy Monday! Can't believe it's end of the month already.
East Bay folks: now that great china & china village burst into flames, where do I get my Chinese food fix? etc.
This is the set-up for an older-than-thou contest, isn't it? You had newspaper? All I had was broken glass and scorpions!
Too bad your cd sucks. When you want to get serious with a real drummer, give me a call - 414-429-3973
I will personally deliver it to you.
Don't get a spray tan at lunch unless you want to feel like you moisturised with strawberry jelly the rest of the day.
Thanks for the audition yesterday! I had a blast!:)
The Knicks aren't just going to roll over to the Miami Heat, so I'll help it happen.
ugh u sound like him
RT : You guys should all follow Great travel advice :)
Tom Friedman heard him speak in middle of pension fight. Now have surplus and innovate! @
thanks for retweet! Xo
i vote short sparkly!!
u get cranky when on sugar withdraw? sounds like some people round here...
NICEVILLE - interesting, alot of plot lines. Creepy.
need to get to 300 followers... follow ya boy, i follow back
IM BACK...ONCE AGAIN!!!
Seriously all PR and social media crap aside, this is the best cast ever.
hey its Yasin follow me back!!
Um yeah still piSsed
And here he is...
ha are you coming to for red bulls?
quote's from btw
Gettin ready to go out...whoot whoot...hope its interesting
Truth. Also, I was named for an Amanda Palmer. Just not that one.
whwn he was younger he still wouldn't let me he would push me away lol . grab him and kiss him lol
Watching Conan The Barbarian
Yuna was great!
I dig the Righteous Brothers. Blue eyed soul. Sounded like they had a 100,000 watt sound system in their backyard.
I'd like some female attention I have some problem areas that need attending to 😁
...nor the implication that had Brown gotten married she wouldn't have written such wonderful children's books.
It's #MusicMonday so don't forget to request "Old School" at your local radio stations.
Overwhelmed is the new normal--but progress can be made in baby steps. A little of this, a little of that ...
and i cant wait for the music!
#dontlethergo - bring her to Opal! Cheap date or not, Half off drinks noon-7pm = affordable date!
I do work wednesdays at !!! you should definitly stop by :) i'm here wednesday nights from 2-9pm!!!
almost worth it. Happy Birthday from us. :)
Was up?
Everybody know they wanted to get with the yellow ranger over the pink ranger
I declare, DC hasn't seen such a beautiful day in months. Gorgeous.
can't believe your gone!!!! Miss you already, we gotta Skype this summer!
hear hear.
Coming trend: solid hair colors start to look young and fresh -- stripped hair colors look old-fashioned and boring!
Pull up jumper from Taylor. THANK YOU TAYLOR!
those are fantastic!
I will text you, then! lol. Which number? I have like three different cell numbers for you.
: Its like we went back 50 years. What is up with the backlash against women?
lol and super dusty too!
how is this RT : Our dog Gabby is a sweet little cupcake that was BAKED BY THE DEVIL!
We just hit 70 followers in only a week...keep em coming!!
You know, sometimes using Twitter feels like screaming down a long dark hallway where the only response you receive is your own echo
man I CANT WAIT TILL YOUR BIRTHDAY :DD
#glee best episode yet!!!!!
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
good thing Becca is a crazy person happy
No way. His track record is still better than anyone else's. I think it just shows how tough scouting is in the NFL.
You're welcome!
Anyone know why the Daley Center is surrounded by fire/police vehicles? Just got rereouted off of Lasalle.
This just made my day!! Beach and fun to look forward to (and Game 7 win!), yay! Love to u & KMC!!
About to go pick up my food from the market
Now this hoe want to joy ride around
Is it too early to start making plans for this weekend?
Thank you, It was a good time!
I AM POSITIVELY ECSTATIC. Not to mention entirely in love with his dumb face. Did you see the picture he posted yesterday?!
I'm salty as fuck dog. Not cuz we lost, but cuz of all these laker haters. If u not a OKC fan then get off our dick
you in NYC tomorrow? If you have time swing by
pretty much Flynn shows he can be a starter in the NFL. Chastin's 97 yard TD was sweet. Green had nice screen.
Rondo's little "chest bump" was WEAK!! If you watch you can clearly see that he stepped on the refs shoe and "kinda" tripped on him...
So...did Claude Giroux's hit on Zubrus warrant him being suspended for the rest of the season?
They're of course not catch-all solutions, but heeyyyy so many channels for talking about how awesome 80s revival pop is!
New soundzzzz yes!
No, the ice tea is penance for not drinking vodka.
dislike very much
I see a Cosby Show marathon in my weekend future #clairvoyanttweet :-D
The bruhs are at my house do the workout video. I'm going to need some -ICe! after this.
Ahahaha. Greg is totally dressed like a girl!
Oh yes hers was so cute, too! Great call!
If you feel like you are losing control in your life. Learn a little bit about the solar system. That should make you feel better.
Havin Feelings For SomeBody , But They Dnt Feel The Same Way About You The Worst . . . ♥
I miss my daddy!
I've looked into it before but no plans as of now. I know that's a great event.
PCL on Saturday - Cowboys and Cowgirls! Huge costume contest...PREPARE YOUR LIVER for halloween weekend! Hit me up if you need anything 4...
Lucy! You ROCK!
LA fellas: Admit it, you're a little late w/ your spring cleaning. Our Pasadena store is looking for your spring threads, so see you soon!
Goin ham at this Probate w/ and
At home lites out listen n to my thoughts. ...
FVCK YEAH doggy that's whas up I'm hyped f that #Ish !!!
and the boys played KC huh?
cos man , everytime I look at yo name on here it makes me laugh
Back in the O! Relaxing for a moment den back out I go
I am What I am
Wisconsin is a state of winners not winers.
Jokes can ruin your whole life )': #HateMyselfRightNow .
Watching rehearsals for our upcoming production of Seussical (in March 2012). Our young thespians are doing great!
ehhh i dont love him on that show too loud RT : I just Luv Terry Bradshaw he is the Man as is Howie Long.
should museum SM be held to a higher standard that interactives? exhibits?
#nowplaying Ted Nash "In The Loop" on flight from Seattle to Boston. Some interesting music here, some that I could skip. But worth the time
I think the grizzles messed up everybody's bracket last year haha..not many expected them to beat the # 1 seed spurs as a # 8 and go to WCF
Everythings always my fault in this house.
our pleasure and same to you!!!!
RT RT : AdBlock Chrome shows cats in place of ads today. I want to keep this option forever.
Can I get a refill
Gracias. May you and your family be graced by much schwaggocity as well.
Well that's just fucking great! Now I have 2 change my book 2 be about a kid who gets bit by while reading a comedic mystery.
Only one quarter
i dont know how
Grandma: Forgive me father for I have sinned... Me: Okay, you listening?! So last weekend I did some fucked up shit yo! Save my ass please!
Getting kind sleepy.
If you don't stand for something, you'll sho' nuff fall for anything.
I still have my alarm set for when Austin used to do Ustreams every friday.. It just went off, now I'm depressed...
#mantra #CLE ": Tech allows us to INNOVATE, not just iterate. - #12ntc"
children grown on the edge of the ocean, kept like jewelry kept with devotion
Santorum: "I'm not going to change with the climate." This, he said, after denying existence of climate change.
Tiger Woods' former mistress Rachel Uchitel welcomes baby girl with her new husband.
Worst headache ever
thank you Gail, I like your blog, very well done
uhm he told me 10 mins before you text me , so whatever
im a standard sample size......8.5
Someone needs to tell to stop dealing with these hoes who still have formula on their breath.
At a small earth day event with 4 other solar companies, we still managed to get 10 leads. Things are looking up!
P.S. It's a juicy conversation about internships and New York and feminism and diets.
hmm I know.
look like they're reading each others minds today. They're totally on.
My day , is going so God (:
hope so wishing u the best
Refs on the payroll.
Just had a "breakfast meeting" that turned out to just be a "meeting". I'm hungry and no prospects of eating before lunch!!
I look to this new year with hope and prosperity.
Yes I love working. Ugh
Just to let u guys kno, in the song/video does 80% of the singing so we schould be giving most if the credit to her!!<3
Quote of the day: "Sometimes you aren't suppose to do the things that sound good in your head."
You sound like a BEAST on the new record, man! Kicking myself all my metalbuds are seeing you guys in NYC tonight...
me! I love Shark Tank. Inspires me to keep dreaming and building!
Still weird that I've lived here long enough that I have to replace my toothbrush
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Plans don’t fail, People fail to plan!
When I was ?22 my Dad to me said, "Why do you always have to be entertained? Life is not like that..." How did my Dad KNOW me so well?
LONG LIVE THE ETHOGRAM.
- answer my text message woman!
Every January 1st, there is a huge spike in interest in losing weight
All those times I was confused & in awe when peers would use lingo I didn't understand. now I just hate them for using lingo.
I been good, you?
And I meant 5 min left in the 4th.
nice lebron drawing... 😒
yes indeed.
You rock. Loving the design for Fary Moini's new website. Thank you thank you thank you.
haha yes! especially if we did it to that certain person. They would crap their pants if we snuck up &yell that hahaha
not sure yet think flu
We want to wish everyone a very happy corduroy day.
yeah. May 26th.
Woke up this morning thinking about when I was eighteen. My God, where did twenty years go. I finally understand Bob Seger's LIKE A ROCK.
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
#Secondcity imrpov intensive done! so awesomely inspirational and educaational! Thanks
RT The four stages of a Boy & Girl relationship: 1. hand in hand. - 2. that in hand. - 3. hand in that. - 4. that in that.
Lee, where are you going to be playing in Miami?
I support a patient-centered approach to healthcare reform.
lmao that's cuz they don't read em for real
No, but I would love to. He's fantastic. :)
//He does em at the crib...
Looked safe to me. Good throw by Kemp would have had him.
blech. ...come on November, you need to cool the fuck off!
What sector has the most secure employment in today's economy?
Hey, just a reminder the call for proposals for #TSETC11 closes on Monday - Hope you can submit something this weekend :)
didn't think I'd be getting back into John Zorn any time soon; ... goes to show what I know.
I wish
i come from Holland !
called "There's Someone for Every Housecleaning" I believe will be splitting the market with me.
Hi Megan, have you ever been into on Ridge Ave?!
Although I spent 6hrs knocked out on morphine & $1800 at the dentist, today was rather productive. Or am I dreaming?
Well first night of the porfolio show pretty much sucked. Out with friends now though.
can u give me a shout out?
Watching Iron Man while waiting for to get back on so I can try to get him to reply to me! :)
Striking resemblance, isn't it? :)
We've been here 10 min n my lil sis just screamed mommy lost weight lmfao if only it could happen that fast.
recognized it !
Watching Mark Wahlberg get pummeled to the sounds of Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline
lebrons face was saying " I should've made that! it's not the 4th quarter yet!"
Can't believe this year is over already! Gosh #TimeFlies #Summer!
i havent been up this late in a while
Good morning #Indy lots of #sunshine today get out and enjoy the weather.
No doubt he's in the starting lineup. RT : quick poll: Rondo: out for the season or geared up for game 4?
Also, already hot as balls.
MUST SLEEP!!!!
My brain is really really tired today. If only I had known I would need all those brain cells.......
I shrunk an inch :\
Cool that will be great. Thanks for the prompt response!
If there was no Google I would fail all of my classes.
The lesson of this chat is the next time you see a great movie, check at the library. It just might have started as a book.
I identify myself as a former catholic, but would gladly return if there was such a thing as a progressive Catholic Church.
Both sponsorships extended for a year.
All the good ones want you apply, aka be good at writing. *sigh* I ask you, where does that leave me?
I've seen them, i think, three times? Once when they did all of Vs. at Pitchdork Fest.
well, it's the company trip, but I have no obligations so I plan on eating, sleeping, and sunning. Jeff's mom is already here
cusotm apparel caps shirts at www.customcapsunitedstates.com we love your hitzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Thanks bro! RT : slaughtering it on air right now!!!
What's the best cure for an "unlucky" streak?
Help Walk MS: Fell's Point Maryland bar tomorrow; Support Team Cobra Kai; Like my Facebook pg ($5 donation for new likes)...
Having taquitos and quesadillas. It only seems appropriate to have Corona.
Touchdown Giants!!!! That's what I'm talking about!!
Here's a refrain from an old song, "If you have something to say, better say it now." Make it quick, this cat & mouse thing is a bore.
Least all my pictures and dawn's are real. Like WTF. Use google and finding pictures and say there you? that's messed up.
Well i guess it is your hair, you paid for it !!
and this is why you're not at the union?
I'll never forgive you for poaching the first line of Lolita -- given that it's become my personal credo.
Missed Margarita Monday tho...
Free entry to Auckland Pirates vs Nth Harbour b'ball at 7 tonight, ASB Stadium Kohi. NZ Breaker Dillon Boucher will be there, maybe others.
Nope. Can't waste another season of Dirk's fading prime. That's doing wrong.
you should follow , its pure comedy gold.
#Daylight Savings i fell back.
Aw sending <3 #love back at you! #HappyValentines!
I hate a cocky ass bitch!
fucking final exams
Going for a walk. By myself. Without here to remind me.
Children of bodom,clutch and black label society kicked ass tonight! I interviewed Alexi Laiho, footage will be available soon
Dudes on motorcycles, setting off car alarms! Seesh, those guys really do have huge cocks.
Every time I do get on Twitter #OOMF decides to stock me!
The 2012 season is only 15 minutes away!
#Bibliobash People just might start dancing.
Ah, the eternal burden of time: to be spent, spent, spent!
We are happy to have in our EA family, so many tech events and beyond- we can't keep up with these guys!!!!
Right when I wake up the first thing I think about is what he said and even though it was a joke it made me feel like shit.
cool can't wait to wish u happy-birthday
have fun guys😢
Welcome New Friends! No different than a community garden a shared localized social hub helps us all promote local #Pdx Events Pass it along
its like 3 am i cant sleep babe
We have this circus with Roger Clemens but we cannot bring to justice to the Goldman Sachs Gang. What a joke.
Tired of being stuck at 670 followers... Can I get some help to get to 700 plse. Rescue me
#isitme.... Or do Mayweather & Cotto look like the Black&Brown versions of each other? Lol CincoDeMayo is bouts to crack.
Yes it exists....Natty Daddy
jorge: Tony just spotted Jim Cantore and insisted that we turn around for a picture with him.
My pleasure!
i love asking alexandria. ben bruce marry me now
#Mequon Police reporting an industrial ax happened just after 6am, one person injured. On our way to scene now.
RT : Ques for #Marketing & #PR companies? When are you going to start hiring #video content producers? Think about it.
Volunteer Retention, Recognition and Relationships-Session I May 31.Learn how 2 build relationships/show appreciation....
If you ever find anything I'd love to know. I've only ever found that they're completely exempt from comp. attendance laws.
Dude is amazing
Getting a text from a random number that says "don't turn around" O.O
I am so with you. I have never ridden one. So frightened.
I guess so, cuz he hasn't said anything about it..
thank you for the follow
The one who fears is not made perfect in love.
yes it will be the 30th. wow congrats!! fatherhood is great so far. do you know what ur having yet?
ill consider it
Also I read about the skyscrapper (frost bank) FuelBand, but I can't find any factual info on how it was done!
is thinking of all the families that lost loved ones on that september day in 2001 as today marks 10 years.
do you see any country as a model for how to address the trend?
It *must* be an alcoholic ingredient that's making you do the evil laugh.
HOLY MOTHER OF FUCKING CHRIST. JUSTIN'S VIDEO ON VIDDY NEEDS TO FUCKING FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME. MY GOD. I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE GUYS.
WHAT UP DAWG!!!
I see your Pens finally realized they're in the Stanley Cup playoffs ;).
Red-letter day. My sister is following me. She refused to join facebook. Now she's on twitter. #whatgivessis?
no worries! loved your sandwiches--especially the 'christian street'. hope you enjoy the post and thanks for the RT!
BOSTON POPS & Kenny Loggins promo: FREE TICKETS just download iPhone app! 6/21 & 6/22 8pm code "iPhone"
"What's the story on that dog?"
A BIG thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make #BarCampTampa successful this year!
Very nice -BJO with Kenny Werner and Chris Porter at the Blue note tonight.
I'm gonna make fettuccine with white sauce& shrimp for tonight. 😁 oh man
They're going well! The has definitely helped me in the music department and tracking my workouts!
I need to make my escape
We're not Damon. His Twitter account is
I did of course! I have 111 episodes recorded. Lol
I'm there, but I do prefer to inconspicuously unite...
so why let that stop you from choosing to smile? i find that quite funny
God damnit all I want is you
So any advice if I was thinking about moving to Alaska?
ight bro I will put in a work for you
thanks so much!!! :)
what is 's favorite color? CWC <3
congrats on your magazine spread with Brit Lauren!
I missed seeing you too! what you got mom was cute! #loveyou 😉
so you're being the teenager then? ha ha ..
first 25 fans get into first mainstream concert free!!!!
oh so deep -___-
get me posted want to see the surprise
Tryna think positive but sometimes I feel trappd by my own mind state... Damn... I need a drink
Vegas and then slc. Lady next to me has a basket of tomatoes. Attack of the killer tomatoes in this b.
just trying to get metro tickets is a bear!
I just got horny out of the blue...
"funny how people who cheat want you to be faithful"
Just might be watching Mean Girls with my sister.
Eurotrip NEVER gets old.
Why do I go out on Wednesdays before my 10 a.m. class on Thursdays again?
Lol no but there an "I" in win
when do they ever? That is why I am not one, LOL.
I Am What I Am still TT! :O
My brothers still use the word "gay" to refer to something they dislike.
You'll be running right by us! We'd love to see you in while you're in town!
excellent 1st hour of Raw. Can't wait til Sunday.
it is the year that Texas joined the U.S.
Hail to the Thief is underrated. Sometimes you want OK Computer, sometimes Kid A. But sometimes you want them blended into a smoothie.
May we suggest the sunny comfort and luxury of Xona Resort Suites in Scottsdale, Arizona? :)
Metric on in Starbucks. Yes. I blame for my love of this band.
#WeCantBeTogetherIf He don't respect my gangsta.
Independent music is revolutionizing the music industry as we speak
Biggest after party spot tonight till 3am hip hop music and dancing all night long
pretty sure we're running a story on that. Check the docs my friend.
I only work nights so the hangovers rarely stop me. I'm sorry dollface.
we'll be doing a tasting for press, bloggers and the likes next month. You around?
thank you!!!
Live coverage from Pebble Beach today on the Golf Channel. Bill Murray is dressed like an 85 year old, but still awesome :)
take my final for me !
Dental Hygienist: What do you want for Christmas? JT: OH. I haven't been very good at school.
HEY, How is this Gorgeous,insanely SeXy girl....NOT in ur MAG??? Signed ..a soon to b leaving subscriber!
omg you really are amazing at drawing
Things I did not know about O' Hare: b/t terms 1 & 2, there's a fancy sushi bar & Johnny Rockets.
sure I'll take one for weekend 😄😝
Outta sight, outta mind.
Happy New Year you too♥
RT : How to Use QR Codes Effectively-The difference between a useful marketing device and a gimmick is that ......
#LightMasters Number 13 by Wells likens the grandparents to dragonboogers (#Magic), which surfaces later in the
well when you get on, you won't win lol
Stokes hall is going up on the dustbowl, More hall is coming down soon, eventually Edmonds too and a new Plex. And others.
I actually work at a pizza restaurant, so it helps me to cut down!
Thanks Deb for the RT. This is going to be a blow-out amazing show! Can't wait :-)
Beach bound tommorow?
this nigga was born into slavery yo
and the teddie photo?
you're better than that though Dan. This kid is talking about SB slides lolol
I'm on it
Don't appreciate your female I will! That's 100
Can someone please explain to me what that little teeny hole is that develops right below the belly button in every shirt I own?
": If being pathetic is wrong,then I don't care."
haven't forgotten still in Oz.
ok..the "faucet" is when you run ur pussy under the faucet for a quick cum..you can thank me later ; )
For #L1 cache, `cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cache/index1/size`, for #L2, put index2 instead. Note this is on #Ubuntu!
RT : "Sexting" is the topic on the radio this morning. Should it be a felony or Misdemeanor? Your thoughts?
Whitney Moore is actually pretty charming.
I want to say Thank you so much Jessica Bale of Flagstaff, AZ for being a supporting "Xtamina Energy Drink" fan!!!
All over it!
Some people need to kill themselves -_-
Did someone/corporate entity just censor #TwitterBlackout from trending?
JUSTIN BEIBER WIT THE MONEY TEAM !!!!! #THEMONEYTEAM !!!!
Another year older and (hopefully) another year wiser, our owner is celebrating his big three - one today!! Happy birthday, Joshua!!
Thanks for following! We are a finance co located in Silicon Valley. Looking forward to connecting!
Love sessions where we get to apply what we're learning...got to practice writing our names in old American script!
I can't think of one single #BestMemoryof2011... It was one of my best years so far :)
just came back from shoping
thanks i will!
Hope everyone is excited for LIVE shows to start tonight! 5 acts will be going home. Let the competition begin!
I prefer laughing and playing fighting over hugs and kisses. Is that just me?
Fl Turnpike!
Catch the Peoples Choice Awards?! Did your favorite artist win? Join our FB chat discussing if you agree with the people at on.fb.me/xfhhaX
Can you PLEASE add some more VIP tickets for Tampa, Florida ?!?!?! ID LOVE YOU EVEN MORE<3 #IfThatsEvenPossible lol RT
Great panel discussion of marketing series for Phila AMA
hahaha! Girl I'm hurr. let me know what time and I'll bring food! Senegirls Day!!!
thats good. thank you
hey bro good game my b about the mouth again ,, i hate single rims
Congrats. Welcome to the real world.
Can I get a freaking dinner roll! Something dang!
#twinstatus haha. Haven't heard that new on. I'll check it out and get back to ya
Shooting my new commercial tomorrow
But I would totally eat a cupcake version, too!
#RandomFact: 'Dammit I'm mad' is 'Dammit I'm mad' spelled backwards
RT Alright I'm done I just remembered said I tweet in bulk. Lmbo....Because you do!!!
I'm in Tampa till next month n officially moved back to Miami after that :) Miami trip for u I think yes!!!!
nice to hear from you. Just taking the hot yoga for now, teaching #piyostrength though. How are ya?
cause baby im still in love with you ;X
Survivors of military jet crash say "no amount of money" will ease their pain. They were just awarded $17 million in damages by a judge.
Edward Irving Koch~ Im not the type to get ulcers. I give them.
It's a beautiful day to start looking for your new home! :-)
I'll show you next time we're down the bayou. Its not as pretty as the iPhone, but it can do more nerdy stuff.
Whos watching #ABDC7 2night, i know i am :) !! dont forget to vote for !! there gonna kill that STAGE <3
Alexander on their way to a win over McAllen High, 1:43 remaining in the game & they lead 41-18.
good job buddy!
Good one! Insoluble indeed....
Hahha I saw it earlier....not nearly as good as any "House Husbands of Philly" but it'll do!! xoxox haha
My 9 y.o. refers to the instant replays as "flashbacks." Clearly football is not our thing.
A6: Listen with love and not offense. Ask G-d to show you what your spouse is feeling and what they are trying to convey!
Ready for Joshua Ledet's first cd to come out. Love to hear him sing.
thank you Sir
haha it's yummy! Ya gotta lose the reduced fat PB #makeufat replace it w/ natural PB! #goodfat 😁❤
Excited for Google Chrome Browser!
ringalingggg hi!!! thanks for follow!! love,
I Hate When Im Eating Cereal And The Last 3 To 5 Pieces Are Like "Catch Me If You Can Bitch"
This new song B.o.B and Taylor Swift just released <3
I think bama has figured out the screen pass and has been pouting since he got off the bus.
The might be my new favorite team with Danny Trevathan, Wesley Woodyard, Jacob Tamme & Jeremy Jarmon
Our new video will be freshly posted on Youtube sooner than later today!! We'll have it linked to the page! Thank ya'll for the support!!
if the question isn't "is this what birth feels like?", you're doing it wrong.
i love this ♥
best of luck in the NBA was a joy having you play for the
As Rick James once said "Cocaine is a hell of a drug!"
I think the whole of twitter knows who wants to win.
dunno why this article is so sarcastic. Scott Pilgrim was an amazing movie.
Paranormal Activity 4? White people: Please stop... You're making us all look bad.
Life is like going upstairs on a downward escalator in that if you're not stepping up fast enough, you're surely going down.
Welcome to twitter, ! We'll have a nice time, I promise.
you are an old shriveled up pile of crap. Obama has screwed up this country so bad and you support him. Who's the moron?
“We also tracked our leads and customers whereas before the only way to do so was by them calling us,” said Scott
Thanks for the mentions about ZirMed's #1 ranking in KLAS; , ,
Send in the navy...
I'm at the Brewer game!!!!
master typing so that you can take your iPad anywhere and GTD.
you dont know what a wanker is?
1/2 Price burger night at Beckett's tonight. Movember kick off party Mon 31st at & P.M.
nothing much happening man. It's like the Glee flash mob, just angrier
Who can shake that monkey
Who would have thought tonights mets news isn't the 8th inning melt down.
There will be a competition for the best costume and prices to give away so don’t miss it!!! today 1:pm at school..
Last day to get our 99 problems t-shirt at the pre-order price from TuesdayTees.com!
AFTER he strapped 'im to the top of his car.
tried to follow your link but it brought me to an error page on facebook - is it me?
omg hey girl!! How are you?! Its been soo long. We need to hang out!
hahahaha I know exactly what you're talking about!
Date night w my hubby. A much needed fun night!
Do you know the energy/water impact of giving up a daily newspaper?
Its called not giving up !
I hate you.
Hey Hey
great show, really helped me better know #teaparty mindset, makeup, drive and bias. Perspective and compassion, uh clueless!
All over- I spend countless hours digging through archives from Universities, States, the Government, just about everywhere :)
ok if you were annoying on fb then we don't want you on twitter..
kill it!!!
Ugh…all I want to do is sleep. -.-’
Edmund Kuempel's rest stop will be dedicated on Tuesday morning at 9:30 a.m. 9 miles east of Seguin on Interstate 10 - exit 619.
On the MegaBus to Chi-town for NYE!
RT : Treat the janitor like the CEO &amp; vice versa... u never know when the CEO decides to take out his own trash
how old are you??*
"Citi Cards" Just what America needs - American jobs that HURT Americans - Please fire yourself, I'm busy today.
Lady gagas 26 ? I thought she was like 19
Same here, but I'm afraid of the touch screen on the iphone bcs. I hear texting is not easy. Think I gotta switch though.
This week I begin another subbing opp. I am Jeff.
Have you tried giving a massage without using your hands? Try it.
Had a fresh Hopslam on draft at House of 1000 beers today. Got outta there for under $100 for the first time
yeah, i plan to watch my copy tonight. cannot wait until the draft...then training camp...then...
Whoops! Please excuse our jumpy fingers...
This will be tough mental day in the gym. Just weighed stuff. Two of my 45s are actually 47. And I'm using a new bench today
Can't Sleep...Thinking About Music
don't worry, Hubbard's back is basically destroyed.
Hoping everyones week is going well so far! Getting everithing ready for the summer months!!
lol I haven't been on this for mad long well were back lol nd facebook might be off (never)
Home at last!
haha I thought that movie was hilarious. Watching it with my parents made it pretty....interesting, to say the least
But we all know I'm dramatic for no reason lmaooo
Ford says they have 4,000,000 sync cars on the road today. But they only distributed 50,000 usb stick updates...?
Much needed gal pal time tn! Bring on the sunshine :)
Easily the directive with the most instantaneous satisfaction.
Thanks for checking in!
Just (politely) mansplained to a woman she looked exactly like Leslie Caron. She was NOT amused.
I wouldn't say that the #Pens are dominating this game, but they are playing a solid game. Fleury has made some tough saves.
Congratulations! Sounds like you belong there.
5.99$ love :) Super worth it! Aha x
Thank you to Lynne Doyle and all those who made the amazing event on Saturday possible. There is still time to help!! jitfosteryouth.com
One of the greatest nights in a long time
Does HCR bill do anything to control health care costs. No! Does it bring all parties to the starting line to address the problem. Perhaps
BREAKING: Is the only person besides my self who thinks my goatee looks good.
Everyone wants an infant seat designed by David Bowie. (According to last night's dream.)
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success
I'm just gunna say Harry is so much better than the other members of one direction..so yeah
What a mess at JP Morgan. Just a mess.
Have a good hiatus.
Sometimes you just wanna say FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKKK it. Nah mean?
I love Selena Gomez! I think she's an amazing role model, she's sweet, lovely, humble & wonderful! please notice me?♥
At least Mozgov never backs down against Kobe. Need that physical play.
Yeah I don't get the parody account tht shit jus feel like u hiding behind some one else I don't know
uh, yes! Come to Oklahoma! Or DC!
Apparently 5 minutes is the new 45 seconds.
Time to ball out as hard as I can
I'm coveting the motorcycle part right now.
Convinced #OccupyDC just crossed some govt official who was having a bad day. Only explanation for 's performance today
great talk w/ Axelrod & Ryan on taxes. Maybe u can have Dave Camp on next week?
SOCIAL HUMOR: Happy Friday! Share with us your Twitter name and will follow you and will tweet a #FF (#FridayFollow) with your...
I'm an animal lover, can't say the same for the K girls though. (I refuse to type their name and give them more hits).
hoping to make it homie. havent missed a battle of yers in a grip. DMeitz is dope but you got this. zip him up!
I swear the broke people are already acting like the casino is a weekend get away downtown is foreign because of paying for parking
Thanks for reminding me about the bike exhibit! See you at Nature on Tap!
Please God Not again!!! :(
welcome back!
By proof, I mean CONCRETE EVIDENCE, not just a few video/audio tapes . Hard evidence.
True Blood! (it's on my #iste2011 planner)
That's ok, outs are important.
you're welcome <3
i laugh when i see people say "#BestBritishBands Cold Play and The Beatles" NO ITS DEFINANTLY ONE DIRECTION. stupids.
Just seen that new show starts in June, can't wait
I like panels...if you're willing to honestly speak your mind...makes for great theatre sometimes
I'M USING THIS AS MY ICON :D you're flawless even with your eyes closed!
Going to sleep now busy day tomorrow,,,
Miss your energy! RT Rockies win 5-3. Jumping on the coffee table. Not quite the same but kids are enjoying it.
CST modules - Selection Interviewing Skills for Non-Personnel Executives, How to use CST for Win-Win Communications
how much quickly ambitions die whilst older.
copy cat ass ppl wanna be us, put ya shades on nigga u can't see us
what? you dont just want to know what hot car they're rocking this week or exclusive party they went to??? lol
even back then you were hot!!!!!
I write these really long rants on Tumblr, but never post them. Because no one reads them anyway. XD
Apparently I ruin everything. Ok.
which one ?
WEAK SAUCE
DT has been strong against both Auburn and LSU, what does he need to prove? A steady O-line is much bigger issue for Ducks IMO
I just want to stay home today.
I knew of before he was Justin Bieber. He was and still is tha freaking bomb! Happy 18th bro!
Rock out with a free VIP trip to Lollapalooza from and !
hmm..kk well bye,no one is talking
we miss you bud. cheers on new record!
Thanks for #ff :
Good Morning to u as well :)
Girl Tell me about it !
Hey Keith!! can you privately message me, please? I have a lengthy #baseball related question to ask you? :)
...such a sweet girl to be the first my #Twitterpeeps to wish me so! Thanks, sugar ;-)
"An artist I'll be adding to my collection as one to watch. Well worth getting." M. Darlinson ⁰(4-star I-tunes review)
glgl I was in seat 5 wearing the blue shirt. The 86o hand was only for 2.5 bb's!!
Railing PokerStars mix games that is. Almost two weeks out from surgery and arm still needs a sling. Guess I could play 20/40 lhe locally
Hugh Laurie's accent is to die for.
Huzzah! permission to cheer like I live in the 15th century!
Heading into the studio later today - new canvas work forthcoming!
i'm just waiting for someone to take a dump in a gallery while people watch and call it "performance art"
Seeing a Felix Gonzalez-Torres Untitled "Silver Beach" is quiet no matter how loud if is.
Virgins getting attached is such a strange but true concept
It time for the harbaugh bowl. It's #ravensnation baby
RT : Lesson from our Mom? ...We show love in actions not words.
haha I know! Thanks for being so cool and the kind words!
All I want is a life that people can't stop re-pinning
I'm having a great day so far 😇
we have a 8am class
I NEED HELP BADLY I NEED NIALL TO FOLLOW ME TODAY I HAD A HORRIBLE DAY AND I AM CRYING!!:,( i Need advice thanks<33
Hey guys! My account got hacked! DON'T click on any links! Sorry about that! -Ivette
First step toward the dream realized. Oh yeah, it feels good.
That's bec we're survivors, yo! Sorry about the nightmare.
Dentist today...
Blues Drop First Semifinal Game 3-1 to Kings: Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
so here's the lowdown, I'm low maintenance, lo-fi, lo-tech, even lowbrow maybe
Timeline wont load
Samsung OLED is amazingly thin. Price is TBD but likely astronomical.
Marketing campaign made the news :)
Twice for you, right? Congrats, man.
niggas telln now a days...Wow
Good morning and happy Friday!
After the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, there is nothing in the Church that I love as much as the Rosary." Our Lady to Bl. Alan de la Roche
getting close to the 7,000 member mark in the LinkedIn group! And we vet every single request to join to ensure members are PDX Tech related
Allegro will be performing Dance Gallery on March 15 at Ohio County Library in Wheeling @ 7pm --tickets on sale now!!
Arizona DUI? Trust the former prosecutors to defend you! Remember - new bench trial law means experience counts more than ever!
you're the only reason I'm watching American idol rn
I am angry. I need the raw milk to feed my baby. I am unable to feed her any other way. The FDA should raid a chain store not RAWSOME!
Good one, Tracy. ;)
It does. But at the same time, it is what it is. Looks like it might be OKC's time
You are the missing part of my heart and soul that I have been searching for all of my life. :) <3 XOXO cc:
That equation should be: 2 consenting GAY people + legally sanctioned proceedings = GAY marriage
thank you cuzzin! And we did ;)
Penultimate is great! I'm talking about digital ink and active digitizer pens, handwriting recognition, that kind of thing.
loved the Lori Anderson in video
Are collections sets? Maybe a kind of set...
TGIF! Celebrate #SauvBlanc Day with a wonderful glass (or two) of Cakebread or St. Super !
It's freezing balls outside! This weather is to bipolar for me.
at #mamabear success through SEO: user engagement, targeted user base, unique content
slow down. There's an "infinity" joke here somewhere ;)
laying out while listening to music >>
SSA - Stop Sexual Advertising! And we wonder why our kids are sexually active at 12? Come on!
don't get your hopes up. We have Corey no-confidence crawfold in net.
Indexing the NYU book...it is going better than my first stab at indexing...but not all that much fun on a Wednesday night!
it's sexy though
just had such a wonderful consultation with the beautiful your letterpress invitations are going to be stunning!
Ball so hard.. wait
Esperanza Spalding was awesome last night at PDX Jazzfest. No one is out there doing what she does. Girl is gonna be an all-time great.
editor says #highered budget cuts are forcing US to rethink the mission of higher education
#MyBestFootballMemory when the Giants won the Superbowl on my 16th birthday. Best day EVER.
The Pharisees had a problem seeing beyond the law. Jesus challenged them not out of spite but out of love. He wanted them to come home.
I think dallas or around dallas Its like right by 75 u kno where 75 is right? (the highway) what grade r u in??
7 more followers from 100. HOOK US UP! <3
Love this!
Come on down to ArtWalk and catch DJs and live in-store TONIGHT! 6pm-11pm
Unless we're looking at rubber roofs for the new space, anyway.
don't worry he's still my bestfriend
Today, August 15 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Ashley Hall | Film/TV Production Coordinator | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
“: brotha, y u no follow me” I wonder the same thing:(
It's not even my birthday 🍰🍰🍰
I definitely foresee #Eovaai becoming a top trending topic.
Good things don't last long.
Hit em with the #Jadakiss laugh at the end tho
Paws Up!♥
Hit me!!
What an amazing weekend, two Nights of Worship in a row! E-mail us at for more info on our traveling Nights of Worship.
flattered! Thank you.
will you be my valentine?(:
for a second, I thought u were saying you were a cyborg.
Seek the glory of God, get into his head if you can. Act like a man, Think like a King. NspiredBy Proverbs 25: 2-6
Your plans still to be at Iota tomorrow?
Watching MNF and lexus ad keeps showing. Is there anyone out there who has received a car for xmas? If so, please unfriend and unfollow me
My dream is to be retweeted by or
I dreamt about my teeth falling out and tsundere reactions to mostly unrequited love advances. Reality is actually better today.
Never stop growing. Unless we're talking about our waistline, then definitely stop growing.
Merry 'hristmas! Alex the zoo keeper has a problem. Job security is based performance. Sharon wasn't smart, she was cruel.
ur right now beats it up reggie for the number 1 spot
Am at party at #republiq w #apl.de.ap in Manila possibly the largest club I have seen.
i think the word "curate" is a little overextended these days
I guess it's nap time, while my video renders.
Alex Jones & the conspiracist community will find way to spin domestic military base idea into a good thing.
Feel free to visit our website for further details about our services with lighting & automation at www.tazzlighting.com :)
lol this bbq place in chinatown. the Harvest or something. They sell it. It's supposed to Texas Southern BBQ food!!
#NotForNothin Ronnie Davis should pay his taxes... but do keep in mind he made the East End a Place to be and it's kept downtown alive.
Its the weekend!!
some S. American steak place in NKC call Piropos (I can't spell)
Watched CrazySexyCancer yeterday. I admire you Kris for looking for alternatives, changing you life and inspiring others!
You know you're well rested when you wake up before your alarm :) Glad I slept early English AP here I come
will appear on local tv tommorow night at 6 to make her announcement for which boy she chooses, tune in!
We are now taking appointments until 3:00 pm on Saturdays!
What are you doing the rest of your life? The North and South and East and West of your life.
not super awful, so hoping it's just severely bruised. it's getting colorful but not very swollen.
Thanks for giving my kids the thrill to see the blimp up close in Frederick. Oh & you take the best pics, they're on TV!
Jessie left for school today. Boo Hoo no BFF anymore!!
This is sadness. As your teacher, I feel obligated to educate you.
That awkward moment when you text a guy first, and he doesn't reply....
Like a Saturday swap-meet, this, but it's people lined up at cable provider to swap out set-top boxes & modems.
Thx will be coming this afternoon- can't wait! :)
Tweeting while in school(:
Y'all should follow everything they tweet is so true!
Happy anniversary to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge!
But you would eat the food though right??? *waits for response*
no icing on penalty kill, that is why they just slap it all the way down ice. You also can't "sub" on icing (tired, just hit it)
Good morning! Hope you're having a dread-free day!
Ceremony is on ESPN, not NFL Network...
When you're sad you must smile; When you're happy you must laugh; When you're weak you must stay strong!
Rock the Vote has partnered with Microsoft in a move to allow users to register to Vote via Xbox 360. Interesting.
Blues miss on penalty kick. Still up 20-8
WHAT THEY'RE DOING TONGUE TIED OMG
Believe it or not, I'm STILL going round & round with the site host. They seem to think I have nothing else to do but that.
Bye bye, oladipo. :,( Come on Hoosiers!
This weekend is off the hook! Calls coming in, like what?
Working on so many projects, starting to get lost. Good to see progress being made though, makes it all worth it.
She calls n just like that I'm off task again. 10 min convo then ima cut my phone off
met a motivational speaker this morning that his whole focus and point was we need to feel like we are
sent it to your fb :)
Captain America. He's on the wait list.
I didn't know g force was 3d that changes everything! Wait no, it really doesn't
RT : No matter what we've done or where we've been, every single one of us can change.
ah OK. U think y'all got a chance at a final 4 next year or building for 2013?
-- butterfly / what's it dreaming / fanning its wings? #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
as much as I cannot wait for our President to crush Newt in the debates, we the people MUST NOT become complacent. VOTE!
Amari said he wants out #Knicks Fans, #Newyorkers , wheres the #Loyalty at?
ROPERDY 2112. I'm so there.
This is essential.
Enjoying National Symphony Orchestra Pops holiday concert But WHO lets their child wear JINGLE BELLS to a concert?! SO RUDE.
#FF thx&welcomes new follows and Move your way!
pinterest: because there aren't enough people marketing to you on facebook
I'm back in the library...cataloging and listening to WEEI online. I miss Boston sports radio...but not Boston weather.
yes, love that catch-all! juice looks really tasty though!
810 1st Street NE 3rd Floor. It's online. Pls put it in your cell phne.
how's it confusing? haha
i feel trapped .
Half the #money I spend on #advertising is #wasted; the trouble is, I don't know which half." -John Wanamaker. we solve that
I talk to myself all the time RT::just saw Pat Collins talking to himself out loud,is that normal behavior for him? Lol”
You still have time to sign up at the Eggsplosion info table to enter the drawing for a free tour!
Yea. This dog leavin tomorrow waking me up almost 4am. Yeap. Never again my sister better not ask me to dog sit.
for real, I can so use the company :/
Get downtown and have a drink w/Claudia ! She the hottest most fab server #downtownlv!
did you?
see whats going on at freedom plaza
yeah my banks there
Pobrecitas...the Mexican women futbol team is the shortest in the whole tournament, with an average height of 5'3". That's tall in my book!
Good luck and have fun!
Saturday. Chocolate. Heaven.
Happy new year to everyone! We are looking forward to all our exciting projects 2012
In the worst mood and I dont want to eat. No one can make me feel better.
So my wife's cousin doesn't speak English very well, and my wife has promised I "speak Danish." I "hear Danish" much better.
Yes ma'am!! We're good. Everyone's sleeping right now but me!
Relaxing after a great dinner with fam & friends. Blonding color class in the morning...then prep for a video shoot next Monday.
As an educator, this is what concerns me the most; we don't give our kids the chance to discover; it's all about deadlines
Holy bleep balls! Hold onto your top!
When the worst comes to worst my MIND comes first!
TY 4 the mention and reminding me it's
Rob's advocating taking control of what? Anyone?
Big enthusiastic crowd at Bedford's UAW Local 440 event tonight! JDG
A little #NFL draft action.. Love the looks of joy on the player's faces when they're chosen!
Woke up freaking out thinking i was wearing face paint..
All those tornadoes, not 1 person dead. That's how we roll in the dfdub
Drinks at Moe's Irish Pub.
Thank you, you were blowing up my twit feed tonight.....RT Time to call it a night...sleep tight twit fam
ehhh. It was kind of lame to be honest. If you find out where it is just go with someone and volunteer to wait outside
can we get a beatdown like u did chuck the 1st time making em throw in the towel
One does not have a Twitcam while I am at school. I don't want to miss it! :(
Jack3d...all I gotta say
i atually really dont wanna be home alone all weekend
Keep the running up! running in a marathon? 1/2?
My thoughts exactly!
I think a trip to Miller Park is in order soon.
Too late.
I'm working on something, will need a day or two.
miami is a poop, man
Ha… well said.
Good job Alex! Even in the middle of a tornado?
Models, I am going to make your body shape whatever shape/size the client wants anyway, so chill out & stop making yourselves so unhealthy
For the record, you guys are twins. Matching t-shirts, matching projects, and matching lack of shoes...?
Money Over Everything? l0l No One Direction Over Everything! ;) RT If You Love One Direction So Much You'd Do Anything For Them. xx
School is gonna suck today :(
Nice english! ☺
you can say that again.
you better text me over the summer!
lmaooo ! HOLD IT
so who's going home on #DWTS ? better not be my donald!! that man is FINE! and seriously an amazing dancer. and FINE. did i mention that?:)
Hey tweeps! If you're going to Beckett Bowl tonight at Jillian's/Lucky Strike we want to see your twitter updates & pics!
I bet plain, boring, frumpy Fiona from the Ford Tire Event commercials fucks black guys
People look at me weird now. .
Ding dong the dick is dead!! (Muammar Gadaffi) :D
I have nothing to say other than the call for artists is still available on the blog. been a slow week! check it out.
oh it's me
we miss you too<3
Do you go to concerts? how about sports events? or theater events if so if you follow me i give you a discount code so you will get discount
Ever notice how Muffy from Arthur has so much clothes yet she always wears the same thing?
Back in the USA nothing much is different from the UAE except maybe the 60 degrees & the Spanish.
Great round today!! Go you!!
Regret got shit on what you feeling.
Off to London!
You deserve a Oscar for the way you perform!
can I come too?
Solving tech (does "bank" qualify as tech?) issues... Champing at the bit to make some big announcements.
are you doing #art all night?
Official Windows Server 2012 branding, to be released this year.
yeah thats why i got 200 pushups my phone vibrated in his pocket and he was watching me while I was tweeting
I'm hungry i want food .
RIP PEANUT!
Can't wait for Soccer Season to start.
I want him to be principal for a day too - and I'm the school librarian.
that would be nice
Yay to for hitting number 1 with #overyou ! So happy for her! (:
Coughing up a lung.
Some people think It's funny but It's really brown and runny.
My bank is the worst.They're charging me $ for not having enough money in my account.Apparently,I can't even afford to be broke.
social networks don't break up relationships . the shit YOU post on social networks breaks up relationships
Having a great dinner tonight...jerk chicken pasta from Bahama Breeze.
I laughed.
how did i know that? Crazy.
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Mark Reynolds' glove
I know but the books were so good!!!!
Bowman having nice game despite losing #JoePa this morning. Emotions?
Looks like it's going to a gorgeous day out. I'll spend it inside sitting in the darkness of my cubicle... No it's cool. I'll be alright.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer35
And I do think there need to be major changes so the Pro Bowl is watchable... I just don't want the plug pulled.
Twin Cities traffic what the fuck happened?
RT : This is going to work or it doesn't
Line for #ipad2 at #sxsw is slightly shorter - only 2 blocks. I guess that's something.
I'm Gonna Live My Life.
Now Wanting to Go to the Club ^.^
Well Jen I figured you needed to see our faces every now and then especially Elvis's he is more of behind the scene dog :-)
I want a "we all we got" chant going tomorrow!
How can boys not throw a baseball?
Might that have something to do with Eclipse getting a Best Picture nod?
tell me about it. Had to pull out winter coat for the boy today. And buckets on my plants outside..:)
Meeko fell off the bed! 
So not looking forward to this afternoon. Dentist :(.
3g sucks ass in this fucking school
I love how all these people tweeted for me cause I didn't know how... Well I found out.! 😃
Shouts out to Jeezy for coming to thx!! Also love to for assisting LOL and of corse for jus being SS PCR
did you guys have this summit in the Bahamas a few years back or that was a different group?
about to knock out :(
Personal lesson for today: playing basketball in hiking sandals in not a good idea. Thank you Lord for Advil.
Busy night of crashes NB5, SB99 (twice) including right now + Hotel Fire in SnoCo -- Join & the others for rt.now
me too, but we will be ok!
you say that like it's suppose to be a really bold prediction. Sounds more like somethin our buddy would tweet.
It will definitely be a crazy weekend, which is why a nice dinner on Sun will be a welcome reward! Thai?
Thanks for the RT!
OH..by the way..WILL trade/barter for certain services or records!
If we r2 strengthn & maintain our optimism . . it is essential tht we interact w people who accept us & from whom we gather strength.-Segal
he said I only have 1 minute and 60 seconds left to get to class, whaa? okay so basically 2 minutes?
25 Did you ever meet the Boyz?
Thank you Adam for following!
No can do!
Your outta here
Help us spread the word and get The Alpha Agency more likes! They'll be doing some great things for the Ohio music scene!
If it weren't for me having a daughter here i would up and move out of this country forever!
At the Tufte seminary on information display. Evidence may be beautiful indeed.
just found out that my second aunt who we are close to died :( she was really ill and she is in a better place now with Jesus.
WHY IS L.A. SO FAR AWAY
Guess what I got today?!? (; -Kayla
Don't you hate those relationships where.Sometimes, your just friends. Sometimes, your more than friends. Often times your just a stranger.
I'm 100% Kentuckian. Get outta here with that "semi" stuff.
3% more. You wanna take that, fine. Durant still has more pts, boards, wins
That's quite an idea! What did you have in mind? An in-person extension of the game show?
NOBODY should be getting spam from us anymore, our password is changed now!
preparing for tomorrow...excited to see everyone at #SACFair!
any one tryin to buy a 16g 2nd gen ipod touch?
hey new friends
I hate when I get my hopes up for no reason.
I updated the website w/ 2 posts- one on info our big fundraiser and another from
nah just independent homie...
Oops! Obviously I was tired when I wrote it, ahah. Thanks for letting me know. How's Avengers?
Just had a fab coffee chat with Miss Bizgal herself, Amanda Guralski ()! What a great role model for anyone pursuing a dream!
Tonight we have and in the house for you tonight! Guestlist is free until 11 then only $10 all night after that!!!!!!
wat go down
I'm visiting you this week! I'm visiting a Museum-A-Day for
here here! RT : Never forget how awesome you are, despite what anyone says.
oh no!! I'm sorry to hear that :(
byee I guess?
HAHAHAHA. I love it. I might have the image bookmarked.
I hate wearing my mom's jeans! Why can't she buy me my own pants????
He should feel a lot better afterwards but we can't really do anything until it's finished.
#WeWontWorkOutIf: You don't get along with my dad or my papaw
yes i am..100%. i'm working on deleting the fakes
gabe carimi... what are your thoughts ?? PS he's from the cheese state ... he must be pissed Lmao
who you got as finals winnet?
holy crap haha
Do you have a television at your business? What are you feeding it? Or should I ask: What's it feeding you and your customers?
jay-maht jah-maht jaw-mawt. It totally was that night! And I just got rid of that t a week ago.
Prepare for war. The Battle for Bill Graham Tix is about to go down!
Happy National Dance Week! We're posting dance content all week to celebrate! How will you show your appreciation for dance this week?
Just deleted Facebook and I feel free...
Who went to 45 Degrees for Poppins goes Pop last night? Or to El Meson for dinner? Thanks to our awesome partners for these fundraisers!
hey there! happy friday..... hows TO treatin ya!?
Birthday shoutouts to and ! Enjoy your day and celebrate all week!
sure thing man. surely awesome.
Is that your daughter playing on the youtube vids? She's very good, lots of grit, scary to get on stage to sing and play.
Great safety play defense with such tenacity and zeal...
For a FREE review of your business I.T Including Networking, Backups, Servers, Software & more, contact
ha that's awesome. Where is that? I haven't seen one of those in the wild in years. Surprised the sticker held up that well!
The time my mom dropped her towel because she thought the house was on fire, now #thatsscary!!!
do y'all sell wholesale for storefronts?
Vacancies – Applied Ecologists
Ah I thought I read it on Facebook could be wrong.
lol you have to go, I don't wana hear sennie bitch at us. But umm idk lol just get there and see what time you get off.
The movie Keith<3 so sad in some parts though :(
At rehearsal!!! <3
Back then I had a dream, since then I've been sleepwalking
A fool lets fool affect their life.
Something's missing and I don't know what it is at all
Thanks for the RTs! :) Houston is one of my favorite cities for dining!
thankyou honestly were all born in america were fuckin american goddammit lmao
I'll tell you about it when I get to Cali b/c I need some serious advise
They OK with changing out of their Boogie Cousins authentics?
The Jewish Beastie Boy who died last week.
how rude
thanks for the retweet!
i'd have to say just COPEnhagen
DO U REALISE HOW MUCH U MAKE GIRLS GO CRAZAAAY?
I couldn't agree more!
fear that i'm going bald....that means I'm growing out my hair
thanks! My sister took it :)
please stop shouting at me. I have sensitive ears.
Why aren't you, following me, your favorite PM at VSA? I am hurt, upset, saddened, itchy, and angry.
Wouldn't it be funny if put their Ga St copyright ruling coverage behind a paywall?
I'm not a defender of MLS but the readers wanted your blood for your swipe at soccer not being major. You still feel the same way?
In-flight wifi makes the trip to great
Digital Camera RAW update for iPhoto, Aperture posted
": if she's had sex with all 15 of her boyfriends does it make her a slag?" Hm.. idk lol
TNT and TBS: branded video destinations
good luck!! Im sure youll do fine
COME ON ARSENAL AND WEST HAM
KEEP IT UP BOY
Yeah! 2 in a row for the #cubbies !!!
Yeah :) It Actually Made My Whole Entire Day! When We Were In Line For The Mett N Greet I Showed The Cast The Refridgerator D
The sun might have been out today, but the passing of Dave Neihaus still makes Seattle the Wet City. Only wet w/ our tears. Fly away, Dave.
your fans Love you that is y we are tweeting you a lot.
See, these are the kinds of out of the box ideas we need.
Lmfao! How is there gonna be a ' health on earth ' facility next to a tattoo shop
you want some cereal? NO, Nirvana sounds nice though.
your new photoset makes us want to throw you a party. bring the model...
The Pro Bowl was so bad I did school work instead of watching it
Does anyone have any questions on setting up the new timeline pages? I would love to answer them!
awe :D thank you, wee needa chill real soon(:
We will pushing our website launch date to July 5th...We thank you for your patience.
Yall think I should make a "I Dont Like" (Remake)
Self-love for ever creeps out, like a snake, to sting anything which happens to stumble upon it. --Lord Byron
Idk why ppl really be expecting my respect without giving it to me, silly humans
why aren't u answering ur phone
close it was Wallace and Ladmo
Have a good night fellow tweeters
I'm an asshole and I'm proud.
Will we be able to follow a live feed?
I actually looked at the yearbook today. I thought it couldn't be that awful. Its fucking atrocious.
Why did the chicken go to the concert??
Still blown away by set this morning at artisan! He was spinning some fire
go go power rangers
I can't believe I'm saying this...but any dunkin donuts has such GREAT coffee!! I'm in Los angeles, and we don't have that
Had a fun lunch with ! Sounds like the Success Luncheon on Nov. 10 is going to be fantastic.
IF SUMBODY DNT LIKE YOU THEN WHY THEY AWHH IN MY SHIT???
Thanks! Glad you like our craft, we have a lot of fun making them! :)
Omg me too. And then when he followed me.... Best. Day. Ever.
amen to that!!!
Business registration: check. Woot!
One team one dream???
I wanna go home and CREATE but this money kinda got me tied down.
#askdemi What made you do this documentary?!
Chris Polk runs a 4.46 40 yard dash at the NFL combine. He looked disappointed, even though it shouldn't hurt his stock.
#backwheniwasakid nickelodeon & disney channel had the best tv shows
I've watched about 3 mins of #TheVoice and I'm already hooked! Who else is watching?
That guy is so ugly they only want u for yo money
3 alarms set for the morning...
Follower(S)
Anyone know of a good iPhone app to make my photos look all vintage and artsy?
yeah the diamondback won !!!! good job guys....
*stands on porch, takes deep breath to calm myself. Looks towards the woods, then at house* screw the sweater. Its not that cold.
get outta here. We coming down for memorial weekend though
they say the weirder your dreams the more creative you are
me to! Lol
Silver Stars lead Minnesota 23-17 at halftime
It's been listed everywhere I've looked. Where aren't you seeing it?
