Yep. Looking forward to it.
you are beautiful :) ps: can i have your eyebrows?
Steak for dinner!<333
Happy Tuesday! Thinking about lunch? Try our Mongolian Beef lunch special for only $8.50. Perfect meal to warm you up on a cold day!
Agreed. Her argument fell a tad flat.
My friend just told me i have a sick flow. LOLOLOL im dying right now.
Dick Clark Yesterday. Levon Helms today. Sad week for the music world.
Just smile and let the world wonder why~
doing a lightning talk on the Koha IRC channel (which is called #koha, not #kohails)
Love today's Self Check!
Fa Kin Pah
#prsun - Please no spamming. Thank you.
We are too!! We're snacking the morning away on #popchips. Our favorite is the chili lime!
RT : Y'all are tough #outofhandgame That's the way you like it!
yes, you.
not being mean i hate my pizza for now.
He is the GREATEST!
hello mr. krinkle
Yes, that's the main reason I love Comcast. Their On Demand options can't be beat. Even if the damn DVR remote always sticks.
"Are those tights that look like jeans?" - Shine Louise Houston discovers "Jeggings". May 12th, 2012
Download "THE UNDERSTATEMENT" Mixtape By Felo (Felony) You know its fire if I stop promoting my own Video 2 promote his
that was Quinn! WTF??
Ironic how LeGarrette Blount, who threw a punch at Boise ST player, now has to share carries w/ BSU running back. God = funny sense of humor
"Who else could be friends with the Dalai Lama and also produce Bad Brains?" - YYYs on MCA
September model shoots are booked. Now booking October. Contact me soon at www.brandonphotos.com.
rightt? lol RT If u don't reach for your phone once while I'm talking to you, you're way too into me
Barbara Streisand looks amazing. Holy crap.
People ask me: "How do you get 9,000 volunteers?!" My advice is... Never underestimate the value of a T-shirt... - Fred Lebow
If you weren't there for me when I had NOTHING, don't try to be there for me when I have EVERYTHING.
well this is awkward
Road shotgun in old truck. Ran out of gas on dirt road. We walked a mile for bikes, rode them into cowtown for gas, biked back to truck. :)
I can't see any names
It's not always easy to keep your faith during trials and tribulations. Do it regardless of how things look or the way people treat you.
"He came, He lived, He died, He rose....This this this this is, this is Gospel of Jesus Christ"
Turns out my friend's brother is an EDM consultant for the likes of Pioneer and Loomis. Fintech is truly a small world....
hahah yes!! :) i love it here because cody always comes here :')
@ hyacynthw be on the lookout for Marta , just noticed you are both at #bbsummit11 you have some common ground
Let's just say it starts NOW. RT : I predict a social technology movement will follow the creative technology movement.
You are quite welcome Allie. Great to meet you!
Anyone have a good experience with stub hub?
Im doing alright! How are you??
Thx for the RT! Have a great day!
haha oh yes ! I'll be darker than you before you can said Cherokee Indians ! Lmao (:
Thanks for the free info RT ": it's awsome i got a awsome prize at "
died out. everybody left. then he gave me the channel. i tried to bring it back, did for a bit but then it didnt go anywhere
Wow I had justin bieber on twice on one of my last tweets smh
Trying out Eric at wireaudiorepair.com for an amp fix. Seems like a really good guy!
Attending the Sloan-C Research Symposium
The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to. Carl Sandburg
Gorged myself on tapas and cava with my fam after graduation. ;) M...
me too
One design challenge (for anyone) with subject lists of DBs: how best to spotlight core/most useful DBs.
Ha! Moonstruck is (maybe oddly) my favorite movie.
normally I'd think about it....but after this nonsense, Idt I'll do it.
+ he met, he remembers you! and you had a chance to meet him, there are a lot of mahomie from another countries, like me +
OH: Its a race condition, I have to race home! /cc
NEU is D1. Still a whooping.
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
RIGHT? I wanted to touch my computer screen...to make like I was touching him. LOL. I sound like a fckn freak.
I didn't say I was one of them!! I wasn't real excited to come for this!
i know! i only go walking with my dog i dont see the point without him it seems stupid!xx
You're a hero.
#sacscoc Getting better data research-based instruction works. Students are more responsible for their learning.
how are you people? =)
....I hope you're kidding about Sidney Poitier....
Race riots in Tulsa and Rosewood were set off when a black man was accused of sexually assaulting a white woman in both cases.
Welcome to Kentucky!
San Diego Taco Tuesday - good times!! $2 drink wheel!
I'm just a simple girl living my life 
In the nurses' office..like always!(: she's my school om..but wish she was my real mom(: <3
It's so true. and SO glorious! Keep going. I want to see what else you'll say!
Geist fireworks....what's the delay?
SWEET! RT: Little girl next door to me: "My Dad says you know a lot about human minds. Do you know about dog's minds too?"
It annoys me that I have both AP and Foster (via trade after week 3) and am 1-3.....
BOOKED! I can't reveal very much, but I think I will be in a pool and holding an iPad! Shoots Tuesday. Details soon!
Prosper in Open Source
That Brooklyn Brown Ale might be the worst Brown Ale ever ever drank.
Colonel Potter, you will be missed.
GO GOLD<3 and good luck to you blackiess<3 ~ its sportsnight at my school tonight ! black&gold teams compete for the win <3
Um, honestly not all that great! but it's whatever.. I only have 2 days of school left :D
HELLO. HELLO. HELLO.
tried to get one of my friends to go with me shopping today but he's working... blah.
Lewis: In the 70s, Iceland privatized fish & each had a quota based on historical catches. Created billionaires overnight.
Come find us tomorrow at Mt. Airy Day! We'll have tons of books on sale for super-cheap: $5 hardcovers and $3 paperbacks.
haha I swear I was wondering the same thing
that's rad! Wish I cld b there. I'm super stoked about ur new album!! Your on fire B!!! Happy holidays!
me podrías pasar el email de Diego?
I dread being home alone
so many crazy people outside the bank lol
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 31
thanks!!! See you there! RT“: Oh sweet lord... i LOVE soundtrack! Dayton needs to get here!”
Got the sweetest early birthday gift from my co-worker in the mail today :) Thanks, Amy. It really made my day.
The best part about that reveal is that everyone was convinced Noel was going Georgetown. Oh, and the hair.
Haven't seen triple h since wrestlemania!
I once was here, but now im not. I went away to smoke some pot, I put this here to prove a point, That life ain’t shit without a joint
#ArthritisWalk volunteers doing a run thru for tomorrow's walk.
. The fact that interjected - at this point - to say that - exposes her anyway. #Opwatch #NYPD Spam
Do not treat this world as your idol. Worship the creator...not His creation.
ah kill me now.
Hi Todd. Thanks for the comment on "freelance economy" on ERE. You hit the nail on the head with "coolest" projects!!
You need to do a 30-for-30 or oral history of the 92 Dream Team scrimmage. It sounds like the greatest game no one saw.
President Obama: "If I had a son he'd look like Trayvon. Our president spoke volumes!
Both of them. Have them full of movies and tv shows
so glad that it did begin :)
good luck pimp
aka snatch a white girl, aka giant junior
I'm glad to announce that I have a new beautiful place for my Coachsingers Studio. So students , singers see you there!
I really love being around her, she always brings out the good in me.
Happy Birthday!
I did porn when I was 18-20 years old I'm 30 now lol I wanna get back into it and I do produce edm.. Google me dj servo
Just rocked an audition for a tv series and saw my friend Dawn Wells!
i'll have one in a few days to share! thanks for asking.
me too. What is it?
yo kid lets party!
Follow me? (:
Watching White Chicks, w/ my main bitch!
Sony NEX FS100 ... hm this thing could change my life
Today's the day! Come out at 6:30 to the PANYC mixer to hang with fellow NYC Princetonians at SOCIAL (8th btw 48th and 49th). Free!
Thanks for the #libmade RTs, ! What a great conversation yesterday.
we are so close! See you at tailgate!
congrats! You are amazing and deserving!
When life gives you lemons... Add some vodka and move forward
You got too much class for them haters.
At menchies with sam, lindsay and lior :D
Tagging Tuesday! Thank You for all that you do!
i was forced to go to work!! i wanted to die
OLLU SOFTBALL: Wins 7-3 against University of Houston at Victoria after 12 innings.
Roll Tide. ;)
Taco Bell breakfast >
I am now following Marie!
that is AWESOME!! RT : After a 2 year hiatus, I just completed a 1 hour spin
That's my boy
there you go ! i like your spirit
Patient tonight has both Parkinson's and glaucoma. Him trying to put in eyedrops was one of the more difficult things I've watched.
good catching up with you yesterday. You are a true gentleman and scholar
they occasionally have little squabbles, but nothing of this magnitude. My trainer thinks it's carry over from a squabble yest.
Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez is on maternity leave to be w his expecting wife. Eric Farris has been called up from A to replace him
Ugh easter is here
iwill do it !! today has moved my to tears of sadness and and hope !!! remember 911
"Idea of American hate in Egypt is greatly exaggerated."
RT : "Life is a promise, fulfill it"
All set for the Mens Golf tournament tomorrow at Oregon City Golf Club. See you there at 12:30 for lunch and 2pm shotgun start.
Change of plans: Open gym Monday night 6-7:30 in the dome.
I wish I saw your tweet earlier. I've been stuck for 30 minutes on torrey pines road.
You're a whore, end of story.
thank you!!!
My pleasure, thank you. I look forward to your tweets
#otherbusinessestakenote Thanks! Like to think we're really connected w/ r guests/friends.
Dumb ass... what a fucking dumb ass!!!!!
just kidding...you got as good of chance...as any...good luck
SORRY :) X
Use today to discover something about yourself that you never knew before..something that has nothing to do with your body!
Hi it would make my week if you followed me:) or even if you retweeted this or replied to this
most awkward goal I've ever scored
AxeOff USA is on the move!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 56
they hold the syrup in my good man, need a nice waffle here and there
go ahead, she'd probably enjoy it
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place." George Bernard Shaw
oh shush hahahaha they do not. Did you draw them in or something?
This feeling <
RT : Will be tweeting about tech-related museum projects at Please follow!
thank u so much for the follow! =) if u ever need a new artist for upcoming projects, let me know! :)
HE LIES
Back in Cali, I luv it and hate it!
yes! Now I'm even more excited !
#artpolitics an invitation to new forms of sociality - her work is about recuperating the "personal is political" when inverse is exhausted
Very true! RT : I hear what you are saying; oddly enough however Swagger has a tasty BBQ sandwich and sauce.”
This goes without saying, but I sure hope Tsipras is not Obama. The last thing Greece needs is a misleadingly charismatic pacifier.
lmaooo “: Fucking nasty RT : I need to let it rip ... Yup I said it. I'm human and a girl. #yolo lmao”
hey!!! miss u <33333
No one loves me better than me!
Like pre-kickoff "rocky" ad. Mostly I like that it wasn't one they released beforehand. There's something to be said for surprise
If I had a knife right now, it would be stuck in you
Copresco wins "2009 Premier Print Award" from the PIA association for a four-color, personalized hardcover book. Congrats Steve Johnson!
bahahaha I got chu on Tuesday we'll leave him a message saying hii Kevin im your biggest fan
We can't all be right. But we can most certainly all be wrong.
Ugh My momma took my fone butd i aint worry about itd
: your kindness made my day :-)
that girl is a jerk! I caint elive she did that to you im soo sorry mason ):
Tickets are for suckers! Best events are free anyways, and access even with tickets/wristbands is limited.
Gonna be worth a tune-in? Seriously, I'll switch off the Sirius Real Jazz.
feeling the brewers sweep
Thank you!
thats when music was real music. Not this trash played today.
awesome and sure I would.
Same boat.. Upside is ur not the usual..
"I don't really care that much this year because we didn't order pizza :/"- HAHAHA
Just wanted to say "Hello" and thanks for following.
Where do they sell MAC Pro make-up? Do you need to have a MAC Pro account?
Just booked a lead in an amazing short! :) I love when you get to work with great writing!!!
no we sell sweet tea, idk whts wit the late nite crew
Playing fucking phone tag with . WTF i just need to ask him a simple question.
shout out to for getting rid of a shitload of spammers...
I just saw a swagged out Asian who likes pop punk and has a TSSF hoodie. I am so bewildered by this.
can you please follow
Made waffles. Good but not as good as
Brainstorming publicity ideas for a retired drag racing legend...can't wait to see them come to life!
5134262585, use it
please say hi and a follow ! <3
Grand Theft Auto IV - Walkthrough
“: Found out is playing in Buford on June 16. Proceeded to plug it into my calendar :] #suwaneeiswhereitsat” come on!!
Follow back thanks!
I can tell tat you've been practicin'
Breakfast of marketing champions! Sorry I missed it!
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace. - Dalai Lama
Iran Nuclear-Program Raid Fears Ease, Conciliation Seen
who's this mr. Glass you speak of?
REMINDER: Bachelor/ette meeting on Sunday, April 17 1:30 PM. Bring $ from ticket sales, VIP names, charming personalities :)
But Dax is so hot
I think I should eat something haven't ate all day
Dear people at my school, Don't make up all this shit just because there isn't any drama right now and you want some... From, Mee.<3
How exciting, can't wait to see them. Come visit me soon. I'm feeling better and hopefully by July I'll be walking again.
top of great blue hill in the castle
Why is psychoanalysis so much quicker for men than for women? Men don't need to be regressed back to their childhood.
Accepted #AmericanU students & parents are visiting campus today - greek yogurt would be such a happy addition! :)
I heard the moment before you die your life goes by in a flash. Not for steve jobs though, Apple doesn't support flash.
our hoes are the best!(:
Biked HARD to & from knitting. During hot shower last night became incredibly sore - very odd...
dont leave please..
Rough night last night, hopefully today starts good and ends good
I was just joking on conservatism. I'm all for every group of people being miserable in marriage.
still coming soon like Lebrons ring.
dont be afraid right now
Q5: I just started using to track all tasks. Simple and I can load everything in there. I even keep my edi cal there.
My parents have been married for 30yrs today and still look at each other like high school kids in love. They are the reason I believe.
On my way to chorus! I've missed all my "gurrs"!! see yall real soon!
Things are moving forward.. sooner than I thought. :)
But the good news is I have tix to see at the on the 18th!
I'm in CA now and have had the same experience re: no feedback. I'm hoping my move to NYC (& NYU's SPI) will fix that.
The internet is not for sissies.
dang that's too much!
Doh, didn't see this (wonky wifi). Don't worry I took notes :-)
yes he is even though he isn't very rowdy lol. I agree!
Tuesday= #Free Cone day! RT : Say it aint so! Free Cone Day is this Tues. April 3rd! FREE! Come once & do it again all day!
HItting the lake after work. NIce.
Getin it in wit my familia blazn loud in the clouds sit on satelights
That wuld make my day!!
I feel like that makes it better or more interesting... But that probably says more about me.
3 days down 2 to go. Baby steps.
What's your favorite adjective?
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
i knew Jane Fonda only from the Dead Kennedys song Kill The Poor but apparently she was an actress or president at some point?
Thank you! We hope to visit Chile someday :) RT : Hi , good music ;D greetings from chile
Thanks for following!
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.”
Moxie's resident queen, Truth is doing her thing in the studio remaking an old joint...wish I could share it with you but....
is looking for a 13 passenger van to borrow in the cincinnati and lexington, ky area. Can you help?
thanks for following love! :D
Welcome to those from the training call with Mike
why aren't you doing posters? How did it go?
Met with Chair of AMC's Chapters Committee today...12 Chapters do an outstanding job, providing thousands of volunteer led outdoor programs.
she needs to start pulling her weight.
what were u thinking canceling #TSC for this Emily Owens nonsense, a homeless person could do better acting, seriously!!!
Deliverin' me a cold pop on rollerskates?
Power hour with the boys!
National kiss day? Gonna go home and get my gene Simmons on lol
Ima resend it then, get ready to check it.
this will save you and yr students stress, plus by focusing on less yr students learn better
Great advice - thanks.
I mean... I was really excited about singing LMFAO, can I live?
I know that The Pursuit is sick, but I think my new favorite song is "I Could Have Danced All Night".
attending a MIDEA Connect seminar by on the Smithsonian's mobile strategy
Only reason I am watching is to catch a glimpse of that beard.
Wake n bake
have a great time this weekend. If your schedule opens up before you head back, let me know.
Just got my calendar from I love all of the Eastern Washington photos. I'm still a Kennewick girl at heart.
...Don't SciFi computers always look more "sexy" than they really are in real life, at least at that point in time?
Choosing a Factoring Company: Step 1: Compare companies and decided if you will use a recourse or non-recourse factoring company.
I saw that (was wondering if it was you with the reference to English newspapers). Thanks!
C-Style Designs is taking recycling to the next level! The only way to learn more is get your tail down to #CraftinCarnival!
you were featured at the dome theater at #fosterly by
you said you wanted some modeling pictures, I said alright. I'm not paying you. actually, I'm helping you.
"Good stuff we're trying to tackle. Not easy, but that's why it's gonna matter." - a wise friend
the future is unpredictable.. people are always making idealistic promises.
What we do in life echoes in eternity.
Monday = worst day of the week. GREAT advertisement for Rosslyn...not. "If you're here, your day is about to really suck."
A predicts Labor Day Travel will Decrease 2.4 Percent. Who's stayin' who's goin'?
OR viva los djs viva el noche
"Dont be defeated its very middle class"
Remember, any hole you see... ...I prolly stuck my cock in it already.
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo take naps
Ill b just like your bitch!! Cause I give a fuck
Happy birthday!!! ~From BW
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my Loved ones to see another day.
Yes, it's unheard of....just like his blood doping thing he did for his knee in Germany!
Praying for Mrs Godwin's 8 yr old son who's having brain surgery tomorrow <3
Refs must have x-ray vision to keep eyes on that puck. Blow the play dead instead of giving trashy Hartnell a trash goal
Watch new PBS special about adolescent girls by Rachel Simmons: "A Girl's Life" tonight on Channel 11 at 8pm.
RT : Do you need something to do with your little dancer this weekend. Once Upon a Time by the Washington Ballet is......
Late to class because of a police roadblock between the metro station and campus. Wonderful.
There is no food in this household. Not even bread. Not even a god damn torilla omg.
And one of the greatest musicians of all-time... John Lennon (1940-1980)...
I love my freakin' job. It's really cool in moments like this, when it's all crazy and good and stressful and challenging.
Quizzo tonight @ Cranky Joe's in #EastFalls 8:30 start time - win a case of cold beer!
Other than you?
“: Cops are bitches.” well put
i know how you feel :/
R student council is 1 of the main igniters of ths projects. Nice 2 C kids making decisions 4 the skool that support community.
you're a really strong person.
got it thanks!!!
Boston tomorrow with
im saying! They are just to cute!!
I Wish I had someone to watch this movie wit me..
and missed you!
Can you rub a little bit of that off on me?
#RVA Our friends need a few strong backs Sat ! f you can help email !
Saw him speak at AU during undergrad MT : President Bill Clinton will speak at #AmericanU on Friday at 7 pm
is amazing!!!
Guys Austin's AustinMahone twitter account is not getting cancelled! 'AustinCMahoneTX' is not Austin! It's a fake trying to act like Austin.
Pink (Alecia Beth Moore) turns 32 today. She might start writing a new album next year.
your gifs are so cute!
Attending "Using Social Networking Services To Interact With Your Online Students" - very interesting stuff.
It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant.
“: T-5 Minutes: The Crew is now closing their Visors and switching to Suit Air. The Telemetry System is being activated.”rt
also recognize that the universe of all journals less well cited that most reputable.
still is tho
Pickup Line: I can't make a cherry pop, but I can make a bananna cream
i'll slit your throat
thanks for the follow
The Man in The Yellow Hat's real name is Ted Shackleford
Really! What are they? Brain damaged or something? "Roger" that!
LONG STORY TEDDY.....
If I'm not mistaken, Tatooine had two moons.
Playing with a bb gun lol
“: plus bucket” whaaaaa?!
LOL and ! its funny this is the most twitter engagement ive had in weeks and its all from deving code!
Still need 15 extras for #HomeBrewed shoot on Sat. Will pay in food & eternal gratitude- & maybe a bigger role in the future.
I want a sweet dreams beautiful.....
Sure. Not much of a hardware hacker though. What sort of tablet?
Above normal wx and spring-like storm chances periodically through early next week. Best chance of storms attm looks like Tues.
I get my hopes up for nothing.
great meeting you as well...next time you can pick the restaurant!
Beers on you!
Heads Up! SquE-Zn Sunday!!! This Sunday win a FREE pack of SquE-Zs! Stay posted for all the details this Sunday Sunday SquE-Zn Sunday!
"Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together."Oprah Winfrey
Christmas has passed & the new year is approaching.... What have u done this year to improve the value of ur home or business?
“: I never have any motivation to get up for my history class.” sounds like and myself haha
Fish Fry Sliders Tonight! Show this tweet and get a Free Tap Beer w/ Fish Fry entree or slider purchase.
yes.. Tues. April 26th at 6PM on #SpelmanCollege campus.. hope to see you there = )
If the Sabres had any finishers, Hodgson would have at least a few assists.
I want some beef jerky
Let's go lakeshow!
best moment in office: We got him! We ____ did it!
Thank you Debra! I'm 'amazed' how long it's been :) Hope you are well
I will GO & collect my 200 dollars as well haha :P #NotFunny #ILoveMonopoly I'll get started on my CM Punk page soon.
Look into the Talking Book Program (my state job). Free service from the state. All I do is audiobooks. Players too.
Gotta say, not a huge hockey fan... But hard not to be wrapped up in #nhl playoffs... Lots of sudden death excitement
Shout out to #ryankennedy !! So courageous. So brave.
: I found your article very reassuring. Language is a powerful thing. It opens so many doors. And minds.
"If there's a problem on the lunar colony, [] will be among the first we call." Robert Gibbs to on
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
ahhaaahahahahahahahah are you kidding me? she's crazy
oh my, kobe won than
only retweets pretty people :c so I'm ugly.
Drinking Hot Choc snuggledup@ work on this rainy day..Good thing I'm not short of any warm cuddly blankets here @ PB:-)
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags.Go from the box to deployment in minutes during a flooding emergency. Be prepared 24 bags to a box 20lbs.
you rocked i know you would win
will admit im scared of what this outcome may be tomorrow but Im not going to lose faith in God he will bring me thru this :/
Almost in the clear. A REAL work day starts tomorrow :)
Last cup
thank you jeff!
OMG. The next person I see saying "carbs are the evil" is getting PUNCHED.
Amazing job Pacers! Now get ready to play 5 on 8 in the next series.
Listening to give presentation on appropriate social media use at #Fulbright PDO.
Work needs to end so I can start my three day weekend :-)
glad to help. Have a great weekend Richard!
I think that whole stream made perfect sense. Kudos to you for saying it.
web archving thematic GW websites + support campus and faculty, donors-based websites. Strong international focus
If I ever get an industrial, there is no way in hell that I'm doing it without getting my ear numb.
I'm late but... just found out you and steckler are back on the air. Enjoying the podcasts. How about steckler all week long?
The reason women ask so many questions is because they have an extra why chromosome.
Website back online. Join us and become part of the educational process for health care professionals
#honestyhour since november till this past week my life has been hell :/
people say im crazy i say im unique
Orlando vs Steak - what a night! Thank you to everyone who came out and participated in making Orlando vs Steak an amazing event!
Gotta finish those Wade
real shit . If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
MT : Learn about the birth of art photography with "Heinrich Kuehn and His American Circle: Alfred Stieglitz..." opening 4/26!
Of many highlights this year, that was certainly among them. Thank you, !
RT : It's #WorldWaterDay today.Did you know that the #Everglades provides the fresh water supply for 1 out of 3 Floridians?
GO SPURS GO!!! 13 wins to go!
Well, it's a noun and a verb... :D
Who are YOU telling. Tryna rework my time management so I don't keep falling off the radar.
I was born in Compton, raised in LA and always looking for new friends. I'll be your C-Bear. RT: Off to Compton CA
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Wild Strawberries" (Sweden, 1957. Directed by Ingmar Bergman) 7:30pm
Hey you're all about freedom, right? Do you support #GayFreedom?
I'm gonna mow the lawn. Hopfully rosalies barbie is still out there!!!!
Shoutout to my new follower ; [;
uploading the #PhillyDrawAThon intro blog to youtube. Check it out on our tumblr and facebook page.
appreciate the share! What are your thoughts on a social hub in sports? Beneficial?
Watching Stephanie the champion grocery bagger from Larry's Piggly Wiggly in Kaukauna on David Letterman! Awesome!
Tweet is a gay word
Frickin' #Romo needs a boot in his ass.
How's Miami?(:
YOUR SO CUTE! NOTICE ME?:) xoxox love youu
First day back at work after being away for training. Whee
Before 2012 is over i am determined to meet and :)
I'm ganna kill somebody on this job site today. #Fact twenty to life seems like it might be worth it right now.
Home. Text mere. :-)
I like Fran's attitude! ": "Food is an important part of a balanced diet." -- Fran Lebowitz"
Thanks for the follow Jeff.
PS - Did you know that "Andrea"/Laurie Holden is Mike Cohen's aunt?
Rule 6 - not all money is created equal. Align your ask with expectations of funding source. Cardinal Rule from ,
FWIW, my bro pointed out how katniss's face always looked fairly clean. no dripping, dirty blood to be found.
“: He once pitched a perfect game while playing left field.”
Down to 36k
My heart hurts for a classmate and his wife, who lost their daughter on Saturday and laid her to rest today.
One more Fun Friday Fact: A hot towel cold stone face massage can help relieve allergy symptoms.
It's beautiful out today ☀
My head is spinning with all of this legal talk. But it s great to know seeing as being in management raises my liability exponentially.
Think of midnight as getting a very early jump on tomorrow! :-)
Reading through Margaret Bourke-White's papers at Syracuse Univ, & I'm falling in love w/this tough, smart, trail-blazing photographer.
Welcome new followers and Glad to know you!
Who said you can't paint an IKEA plastic table? Red to yellow. Whoohoo
When you get a woman, don't ditch your friends
It's the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief. And once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.
Our pleasure! :) RT Thank u for always keepin' me bronzed for my red carpet events!
My teacher acknowledged that I got a hair cut and seemed proud of herself for noticing. Well obviously Nothing gets past her hahaha.
I only like basketball on certain days of the week
Reading "The Evolution Man: Or, How I Ate My Father" by Roy lewis. Out of print for years. Prehistoric drawing-room comedy
i want too hangout with youu for atleast a dayy. youu seem so cool and chill.
hold my weave lmaoo why u wailling :-) :-)
If by with you, you mean I am having the same thoughts? Yes. Action? No. :(
your gay? like fo real?
I could be up for hh.. but are you going to decide last minute you'd rather go home to anacostia?!??
Going to bed. I feel like blah.
Aint no time like family time
Where are you? Sounds like a great conference!
me too... I try and hang in there to see if they are... But if they don't , they unfollowed fasho....
Come see A Trivial Hero, Crash Kit, and Barstow's own Amarex ROCK their asses off at Bikini Bar tonight!! Girls in bikinis drink free!
Nightshift by the Commodores
New fantasy football rankings posted for FFToday.com. Next up is the Fantasyfootballcafe.com crew this week!
Why is it that sci fi television is so internationally bad? Even the British can't save it.
Time to make myself SOME DINNER!!!!
I do everyday!
Politico compares SCOTUS defeat of ObamaCare to Vietnam. Wow. No words.
For some reason, people on Twitter talk to celebs like they would never dare to in real life, & say the most moronic things.
Yo my homegirl from kentucky said she just seem u at da howard game, keep dropping 40 on em slime
#WhatIReallyMeantWas I wish I had purchased Apple Stock when Forest Gump told me to do so.
is it wIth you know who... Lol
well it looks like im off to columbus to play a lil hockey. hopefully we win like last time
Good Morning to you.. Its a nice day out here.
I've got an E2 Headrush in Phoenix in case yours goes wonky or you want to use 2 for whatever reason.
OMG I FORGOT! THE HUNGER GAMES SNEAK PEAK TONIGHTZ! HOLY SHIT! <3
Looks like warehouse live will be letting us in for shows. The photos r gonna be epic
i like you. your wise. :)
I'll be here when mike comes up, I didn't realize his trip was next weekend.
Rain/drizzle will continue through the night across NJ, likely tapering off in the morning.
wonder how-many servers worldwide with people who sit and service these are all over the world to host Tweeter?
Seen it, but I haven't messed around with it yet. I know it's similar to CourseKit, which is okay.
play clock was ahead of game clock.
Boys are cute..... When they actually care about a girl's feelings !
Eating Mcdonalds when in a foreign country is such a comfortable crime.
Saturday Night Presents: CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS | Ladies Receive Complimentary Champagne till 1 AM | Dinner Party at 9:30
"Cheat" day this weekend? Don't go crazy! Be mindful. Watch your choice/portion. Enjoy your moment but don't wreck your results.
nice you will get to see her then! Stella better like her new girl to gossip with lol
Tonight We are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
There will be a sign in list at a table posted near the entrance, be sure to sign and let us know you helped!!
Is it ok to blame autocorrect when you accidentally drop an F bomb at a kindergarten?
But I wish ;)
Your funniest Tweet ever
With busy on her own show methinks & MPK need another writer to help find the funny. I'm willing to help.
Happy hump day! Thanks for watching the ! Make it a good day!
ah, the simple pleasures in life. cookout after a drunk ass night.
ok how was it bad show ??
just so happens, I'm enjoying your viognier!
I'm gonna win the lottery tonight...and throw feces on people....on there faces
How I call for people's attention: "Aye, yo, BITCH!" #ArentILovely #OhWell(:
Have a great weekend facebook fans! Stay out the malls and go riding with your Helmet City gear instead!
We're currently looking for guest posters for future weeks. We're expanding fast & gearing up to launch our sister site for England travel!
i'm literally so happy, now. <3333
still sick, blah!
According to Leclerc, people who publish online without running their work past an editor are "brave souls indeed."
You do seem to be the twextpert... feel free to drop by sometime and clue me in on all things twitter. :)
Foul mouthed amiga. M
this kind of scares me
Tell us how you really feel Annie lol! RT : I would rather chew my arm off & beat myself with it than see the Woman in Black.
is a new addiction! I love you both!
cuff her!
.........blah,blah,blah, say whatever i want but are u really listening........
: Mine is that you'd use your energy to defend someone who actually needs defending ...
probably hoot suite, no?
": Happy to begin writing my seven page report ;D #NerdLife"
I havent quite figured out why every time I wear a NYC or a Manhattan shirt I get asked if I am from New York.
LIMITED SPACE LEFT FOR JUNE EDITION.ADS STARTING AT $75.FULL PAGE PLUS 100 CD OR 1000 FLYERS FOR $250 OMG WE MUST BE CRAZY!! BUT LEGIT DM ME
Volunteers needed for our Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event on Sunday, April 22. To sign up for a shift contact .
Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin
A lament is necessary, it's an art dorm. Our culture doesn't do that well.
So excited the Brewers could clinch today!
I'm the opposite of upset that we have barely talked recently.
are you a model Lauren?
That one kid better be in class today.
'One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.' (Plato)
Just stepped outside. Feels like snow.
- Got your email and forgot to respond. Sorry! I bet would be down!
If I have to chase and fight for ur attention... eventually I won't want it anymore....
you better!
Excuses is just a cowards way out!
I Do It Myself, (Adobe Photoshop!) I Don't Pay Anyone... God's Gift In The Becoming of What Has Already Created! It's In YOU! "BELIEVE!"
Girl yes! Please! DM me your number and we will go :)
Happy December ! we should start freaking-out now ... 1 month until 2012 AKA (( YOUR YEAR !!)) lol ;)
For appetizers, we have Edamame, Mandoo (dumplings) and Kimchi Pancake to name only three. Call us at 614-273-0188 for any questions.
I'm gonna come and put in a very large order lol
Sorry if you got a message from me about a free phone. Stupid hackers!!
I WIN. SEE YA HOMIE!
We hope you all had a great holiday weekend. Time for us to focus on getting Delicious Licks launched this summer!
: (If the grocery stores delivered alcohol to homes here, no one would go to work.)
Mixing and mastering with Brian hood. This Ep is going to be tight!
Oh, that blood coming out of my ears? Don't worry. I was just watching
to be a #sneakerhead you gotta rock diffrent kinds of shoes, not just nike, or jordan.
There is a difference between being infamous and famous. I wonder whether Casey Anthony understands the difference.
I tried dressing up as a dyke for Julio. LMAO
that's the pic i want to see you tweet!
Gas station blues for sure. Bad coffee & too much wind to fill the washer fluid. Geez. I hate winter.
trying to get the store to carry Premier jerseys by the start of the season
Darn groundhog! Brrrrr!
we are #CommercialFree for the rest of the night!! What can I put in for you?!?! - is taking
Orioles made it to .500 today. Gonna see if I can turn this glass of water into wine real quick...
If #Radiohead sounded like Can before, they're sounding more like Faust tonight.
Well said RT : Last words - Looking forward to learning ways to show virtual worlds/games are REAL force in education!
have fun :) but don't work to hard now
hahah! So what's up? :) -Taylor
I joined!!
Thanks! It's good to be back!
#top10lies I'm going to start my diet on Monday.
COME BACK TO DC! U haven't been here since last Feb.when u did ur free concert an I got a concussion :( its my dream 2 meet u
...even THEY won't hit that bad all season. They've played tough teams.
The contrast between how Apple, Google, and Amazon perceive content is fascinating. They all approach it in such drastically different ways.
It's went through my office last week. I thought I avoided it.
Awwh you make me smile :)
Hello, NC! How's the eLearning going there? Hope it's cooler, less humid than here in Columbus, OH @ Ohio State --> 85 F, 85% H!
Thanks for the RTs &
After 12 years, Ruby still thinks that a friendly mani/pedi is meant to be a smack-down match.
I really hope Boosie doesn't make anymore music.
Always a great night when the Heat lose.
I couldn't imagine writing anything of length with the stock keyboard. Props to you.
Im so over it.
can u get me followers plzzz
Bfast club shooting this AM was great! Game Day too
Amazing how the air duct attack in SPECIMEN brings folks running like a fistfight in a schoolyard.
Why so you say you love someone just to hurt them . Then you really dnt, your jus looking for a relationship....
no.i died....lol.i saw you driving your car today! you were pullin into the ETSU parkin lot. i honked at and yelled at ya! :'(
you are joking! are you driving that convertible up to SF?
not really. I grew up with meat. Though I chose not to eat it now, there's a nostalgia for foods of my childhood. Options.
Let's do it! I might have to start with a small one--maybe a handkerchief?
#freetebow for the
Lol! I love that rant! I told you it works for everything! I'm gonna call you tomorrow, for real this time. Lol
A movie I feel we'll see somewhere after ? Def aka BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING , so good!
.: there are cases of slaves working in Jewish households who adopted Judaism & who later even started their own synagogues.
5 minutes to compress a file, not too shabby. Probably would've taken an hour a few years ago
Knock KnockWho's there !Amazon !Amazon who ?Amazon of a gun !
What a great accomplishment! RT : we're approaching 40,000 questions answered with #vizwiz--maybe yours will be lucky number 40,000!
i love your profile picture! Cal me cuz!
Good question! Need to show Ohio & surrounding areas some love : )
not a baseball fan at all...but that worked before, so I stuck with it. But now I remember it's relief pitchers...ah well!
i packed this bowl for two, i wanna smoke it with y o u .
The only country guy I need(:
O-H-I-O . Awesome. #GO Bucks
a may series in Oakland has never been so interesting
Welcome all new and returning team members to team KMC 2012!
o ok gotcha LOL
ah last time i went ice skating i got my finger sliced by someone's skate, never going again
we hear you! ours are self-paced, so the faster you finish, the cheaper they are - talk about motivation!
"May the Fourth be with you! LOL, it's Star Wars day! So clever." -Me in 2009.
exciting events will be takin place soon
My successful morning consists of hitting 4 pages of my 20 page paper. Gotta keep the momentum going!
Get a good dose of veggies by making an omlett with just 1 egg and lots of veggies! Don't forget the spinach...gotta get those greens!
The field for the 2011 NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship is set
- and I just registered. Done and done!!
RT Don't forget Sat's big occupy event: 12PM, Wells Fargo Bank (Richmond & Central)
Ugh. Food poisoning or stomach flu and I feel miserable :-(
Back at you!
New movie coming soon. I just love directing!!!
don't believe it, I know the only person in the world who can do that
yes absolutely!! But sometime before 6pm your time??
Congrats ! You deserve it!
Pro sports is an entertainment industry. Ridiculous post game fashion is entertaining. Why so serious #NBAtwitter?
You all were awesome today! Congrats! Thanx for taking the pic w/me!
I would.. Lol ": im not even gone do it !! RT : #FITB ____ Cheats on their Boo"
saw her the other week live (again)!
Milwaukee needs some Shaffir. Just sayin'.
I bought neither. Thank you very much. And I won't but this one. I don't need a sash to feel like a beauty queen.
I still turn to u
It certainly is
Oh no, a suspicious egg is following me on Twitter! :)
I know it's not summer yet, but wow. This is what we wait for all winter!
What Chamber of Commerce guy constantly tries to convince everybody that business sucks in his hometown?
Anyone else notice a serious surge in customer activity? We are going gangbusters! Looks like we are turning the corner!
Beautiful day !!! Come out and eat the best sandwich in town !!!!!
Friendship hangs on to win the boys Washington Charter League Championship over Thurgood Marshall 69-65. DC Youth Rock!
Beautiful Kodachrome footage from "someplace Foothills-y" in the 40s gets us another bingo winner!
#ThingsSheNeverToldYou I'm only wit u for your money..  Smh
My neighbor got this dumb ass dog that barks 24/7. I'm bout to feed his ass some chocolate.
I have heard that the last time the O's had a doubleheader against the Rangers at home they lost 30-3 in the first game. That is FALSE...
If I had a productivity meter, it would indicate that I am lacking productivity.
It's just those rainy days
take yo ass ta sleep droski
driver do stop alltyuh
#TwitterProblem Twitter has decided to randomly un-follow tweeps that I follow regularly - extremely irritating!!!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
Not knowing is delicious suspense, though :)
youu kno I won't. Ohh and I'm doing it now...
via email? not at this time, but you can access your goals & write in your commitment journal via m.stickk.com from your mobile phone
This girl is too hyper ! wtf
Hahahaha my dogs are so scared right now cuz of this thunder storm but keep running outside lol
If ya'll don't go and #VOTE for one of my fav people on this earth ever to be on #RuPaulsDragRace. May the Lord forgive u!
good to see your smiling face. That looked like a cool experience!
I have my fave ICONic Boyz Following me! Vinny And Mikey! Yeeee! now i just need Nick!<3
and quite frankly if you go to Vegas and can't challenge an MMA fighter to a dance battle, than what's the point?
True. And the #Twins are having a spectacularly awful year. Maybe this will lead to a Brewers resurgence.
Few things in life are more funny than a local band with ego boxes and scrims.
Thanks! We'd love to chat sometime - let us know when you're available!
school is always a great look <TOP OF THE LINE>
Was about to tweet, then i realized i had a drink waiting for me.
.+|!_! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Can you believe us Grannies are visiting Croatia in less than month? What should we see and do? Any recommendations?
hahahah "welcome To chao city folks my names adam ill be your server for the night, i hope you enjoy the finest chow on the east"
They are horrifying. And do they all come with hot sauce? I don't like hot sauce.
And we shall laugh at how the moon divides an ocean solar. I wana be that ocean i wana shine like that...
My sister Jenna came up with a new JENNA-ISM: "Are the Watson's having a barbeque because gymnastics are on?......."
100 diseased can be cured with black seed, just simply eat it
You got it!
no. Stop.
Make a FB Event, and I'll be there! :)
Instead of the #Bachelorette they should call it D-Bag Survivor Lol
I've had like 10 naps today. It's totally awesome.
I love glee :(
SOL market cracks me up. There's a place called BFD going in on Park - they should be next to each other, with FML.
hahaha I should x)
I promise we'll do our best
lets wrestle on your trampoline!!
Just got done presenting, feels good to be done with Haddad's class for the rest of the year.
u sound like a freak thas a good thing lol
Sitting with David Loerchter to talk about how to turn my LMC into a Learning Commons at SIGMS Breakfast.
Give it up for the Newcastle pluck, Diaby stupidity. Great match. Gunners First BPL club to lose 4 goal lead.
Where is my invite for the games?? Roxbury Friday night, Supperclub Saturday night and Barney's for Sunday NFL Football.
Michael franti you gotta be here
I like the song payphone, but im confused where he found a payphone and where his cellphone was....
New Projects in the works!!!
they don't want people cancelling other's selections?
for the follow! Welcome
Don't forget to watch the tca's
Facebook, twitter, work. I'm gonna need a good evening.
There's a Tory Burch look alike at the restaurant
Had a final earlier, now time to test my luck yet again- watching "Survival of the Dead" ah, the bliss of a true weekend
That one virgin who always talkin bout how much pussy he get. -__- #Shutup!!!!
- Hey Oklahoma City Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar! Nice work Buckley!!
no fog fall this morning! Guess you and Reuben have to come back some time.
just witnessed a hole in one, 5 north
thanks for following me. Its nice to see Latinas interested in politics!
You text him, he doesn't back. He was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
A team who defeats the defending SuperBowl champ and plays the following week on the road is 0-14. Giants...?
I have bad luck with big chances that could lead to being life chaning :(
aye I've tried at times, but it likke youu too good for mee or something!!? Idk what it is...?
good morning Bella. I heard today that when a male touches his nose. He is ready for sex? Any truth to that?
If your rims still spin on your ride...that's a shame.
call me!
Waiting for responses to Qs RT : I'd be surprised if wouldn't be a better friend to bicyclists than
oh well since you asked do nicely... What do you want :)
no prob, just saw you tweetin' so thought I'd ask
Another couple great ones I downloaded for free was CCleaner and Malwarebytes Anti-Malware...GREAT STUFF!!!! Seriously.
Ran to the store to buy cigarettes...came back with two packs of #JuicyFruit gum instead - are you proud of me?
I believe love can be found in any person who puts their HEART into it not their mind. Think about it
I believe that you can run a mile in 6:44. Don't forget to stretch before and after ;-)
Can not get audio on tv in the cave to play thw wii. I reek
: It'll be streamed most likely, but we can't do it in HD without a paid account (which we haven no budget for).
man, I wish I knew that when I passed up a case of bananas for $5 this weekend!
"It was asking: Why am I the only woman here? during law school that first led me to campaign for women's rights." Unity Dow at USM today
Callin you have you found it yet?
Is it to early/late to trade for Jerry Hairston again?
It'd be way more shocking if Queen Latifah came out as a real Physical Therapist after her attempt at portraying one in
In my search for evidence to prove you wrong I only found videos of them sneezing or farting... guess that's life in a glass box
sounds rough. Prayers for a quick delivery. Go! Go! Go! Love D
#NFAIS Potential of socialbook is a change akin to those times you recognized that you could just google the answer to your question.
all people say thank's HUGH HEFNER!!!
After a week off of school I'm too tired to come back
Your name is correct, you are beautiful (:
Dude you have to pay for that My Brushes app!
Just picked up another booking! :)
bleh. just cleaned for 2 hours xP
Is the disappearance of homemade Chex mix a net loss or gain for American cuisine?
lets be smoke buddies then lol
golden globe show was great
God is Good!! Nobody greater!! Sometimes you gotta just tell someone how good God is in the MIDST of it and AFTER he brings you OUT!!
Just home from the most beautiful wedding where the bride and groom totally love each other and the Lord. Congratulations, Katie and Calvin!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse is quickly turning into Assembly Hall.
Reading the Steve Jobs biography, covering the CSO overseas and trying to decide whether it's ironic that my MacBook power cord died.
Why at home?
Via BGN's Almightypudster: What is your ideal playing weight?
if im louder would you see me?- well id hate to break t to ya but people hear you before they see you first anyway so.....
I got it on Amazon! The one I bought was $10.00 with shipping and everything :)
I'm a big fan of ! Keep up the great work. Be well, Ryan.
Great fucking day of racing.... I'm surprised I can still type considering all the adult beverages I've consumed!
haha Lady Gaga could be correct depending on the placement of 'you & i'. right? or am i grammatically inferior at this point?
=D Life is made!! <3
I'm so ready I can hardly focus!
But the Mizuno's are PURPLE and I love purple right now. :)
LOL that's a great name for a bar.
It looked so good!!
the name's carla....and i'm just dying to be her.
Rogers is talking about the open endedness of Lucille Clifton's poem
Where have they been keeping Colin Firth this whole time?
seriously, I'm part of a group of academic/activists in the US. This conversation is at least 10 years behind where we are.
Boo to walking dogs in this rain!!!! :(
lol, okay. I love you. You make me laugh!
If you want someone to spill a secret, make them watch Peppa Pig for an hour. Torture.
A Christian cannot help but read the Scriptures. To be a Christian is to rejoice in the power of the Holy Spirit . . .
There is no rush to greatness! So while the world is in a rush I'm gonna use my time to try to be perfect!
How weird is this shit. Lesnar & H are already in a feud in my #WWE12 & now it's being brought to life. What are the odds?
We're very excited to have in the studio tomorrow! It's going to be a very fun & productive day.
#NYC #Fashion #Brooklyn check it out!! RT Celebrate Brooklyn designers 's trunk show Sat 2-6
Believe all families should have health coverage? Vote 4 by commenting www.smcscommunityvote.com
RT : The thing I love about baseball is that it has all the excitement of football, packed into 162 4 hour games.
Lebron didnt even shake hands... WOW
Be happy tonight #BC fans, you're going down next week. Remember BU=Beanpot.
about to witness the umd gamer symphony orchestra's annual concert, in the american art museum courtyard. awesome!
Before i sleep,, I ask one question tou you guys!!!... where your thumb????ahaha
If you spot any polling discrepancies tomorrow, please call our office at 410-338-4036. And report it on Twitter using #bmorevotes !
"No Beer Here," the new single by Amy Ames, has been released nationally and globally to Country and Americana radio stations! AirPlay
"Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing."
Had so much fun in Olivia's backyard making s'mores ! So fun ,(:
Omg a wittle asian baby!!!!!!!
#TurnToYou is ligit, I saw it last night, and it seems like no one has been talking about it! But I love it!
it's also a ? of how much maintenance it requires. Even people who know how just may not want to spend the time.
I am about to start saying g'day mate to everyone.
Oh yay! I seriously thought i was the only one that did that!
We gotta get cass and joy to join us! That would be pure chaos! Lol!
Thank you so much for the kind words! We got a lot in the production line and and can't wait to see where it all takes us.
With lil bro texting my baby(I miss her alot)
Wisc. cheese and sausage plate should tame the in-law crew. Holding my breath, here I come.
we are testing right now. Later this week well have a launch page up where you can sign up to be one of our first beta users.
Ah come on Singers, no offence, I love you all, but singing is boring.
EAT MY DOG INSTEAD.
Hey Whats up!
Testing ELIS for Moodle 2 - I like the way role archetypes work with ELIS contexts, makes advanced hierarchies cleaner/easier
Everything sucks
I'll do mine later. In 30th now
too bad im broke and spent my money and Bjs
Same to you Simone! RT : Happy
Ok GN/GM
The apple (pun intended ;-) doesn't fall far from the tree.
Petit Syrah will make your tongue SO black.
haha soo true!! Except you are too beautiful to ever look ugly!! I miss you!
Industry image in by Shawn Records
we shouldn't do this. Not again. Besides, we see you with and you look so happy.
Yesterday I dreamed of Austin, as I dreamed it twice, here say they dream the same dream three fold happens
with 9/10 of my HARP 2 apps, I asked client if they tried 2reach out 2 prev LO- 1 of 2 respnses- cant remembr them; they wont call back
I had a feeling you'd know better. Thanks for the info.
I beat you in Zombie Qrank today. Burn. And no, I haven't read the latest book yet - gonna pick it up soon.
Really? Do you know anything about them?
Only three days until
its SO good, you have to stay until th end of the credits!
I agree expands the range of Blackness
Great news! I am a Wendy fan! MT I'm the sidekick for a new radio show. Unbound with Terri Nunn. Sat nights 6-8! KCSN 88.5 FM!
sweet i wanna make a trip to sf soon as i get my car.
And she's not thirsty, she's HUNGRY so yall better watch out lol “ Seriously tho that girl is a hoe !”
I totally agree - gov't civil unions, leave marriages to relig. institutions. But I don't think it'll happen.
Thanks Angela!
you talk about your boobs all the time haha!
ASS IS PETTY AF! BUT I LOVE HER!
good morning :-)
#AtTheEndOfTheNight I say well I don't need this class to graduate so I'm going to bed.
. On the other hand, I find that blasting out cryptic tweets in frustration to be incredibly theraputic!
RT : RT : You must learn to translate wisdom and strong feelings into labor.~Jim Rohn
Jon nothing you say ever makes sense.
KES (1969 film): David Bradley's performance puts other child actors to utter shame. After Rossellini, before Dardennes, there's Ken Loach
i'd be lying if i told you that losing you was something i could handle
you ain't alone Now
Watching #thewalkingdead. Its freaking awesome!
Well, I guess this is what happens when half your starting lineup is back up players. And no, Utley in Howard will not fix this...SORRY
I promise I shall! Soon enough, you'll have to come to SD for a visit :-) Have a wonderful weekend!!
how different would 's life be if he had gotten busted for the times he smoked marijuana? barry the ex-con working at mcdonalds?
In honor of all the other ones you didn't?
Thanks Gordon.
#TweetYourEyeColor brown. Plain and simple
Thanks! That article must have come out a few years back though.
I wish It was Friday already..
#ivealwayswantedto ride a bike inside the walmart store and say "oh you know, just taking it on a test ride"
RT Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them, because you never know, tomorrow may be too late. So true :)
We should RT : Can we blame Wade for coming up short? No. I understand
They sure get around! RT : Saw a couple of Great Blue Herons in the back yard this morning.
Right when Im having a good dream I wake up to the sound of people cutting the grass on my lawn -.- Oh well
I just hate
oh hey
Did you know? A dirty air filter can increase your gas consumption and lower the heating capacity of your unit by as much as 50%.
Zero Finals down, FIVE to go... Just be nice... Please :)
Hanging in the famous C-8 for #Stroupe auditions with and
Houston Hoops lose to All Ohio Red in Sweet 16 of AAU Nationals (59-73)
“: Got 3 hit pieces in the mail today"The SD R party is so destructive and negative.U make the world dark place. GetLost!
That's it. I'm gonna try after hearing them on Watch out, Bywater. I'm coming.
we share the same birthday. Have a good one!
#Seaweed is the most #Nutritionallydense #Plants on the #Planet as they have access to all the #Nutrients in the #Ocean! #FOODMATTERS!
I've seen pics of bitches naked on twitter ... What's the deal here
Raining in DC, still in fourth inning, need to get to middle of fifth b4 Bryce HR becomes official...
Might delete my POF account. It's worthless. Not attracted to anyone on that site!
National Weather Service just upgraded all of #NYC to a Winter Storm Warning... now expecting 6-10in of snow by 2am!
Your a bum
Isn't that part of the "private citizen" action thing rather than leading as the mayor?
I love you too future ms.herrera xoxo
hey girl, sorry for the late reply, haven't got around to being on here for a while...but I'm alright! what about u? x
sounds fun. (: Not a lot here, just watching tv.
Moving up getting life insurance!!!!
Cant even tell if its nice outside or not. From my window it looks like crap so im staying in bed.
Lunch revenge is best served on the crapper. -LaJuan Foust
There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.
This band is kickin out jamz.
follow please:D
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Every fan of #thevoice is saying who the F are Darly Hall and John Oates.
Ha! For Royals fans, hoping it is our time, or at least getting close.
yeeeaah. Everything about the bradley center kinda is a turn off for me. But whatchu doing tonight? IM FREE AT LAST!
Off to NYC
No joke ? damn , why she break my phone ?
nice win!
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I don't doubt it for an instant!
EVPH keep on RADAR for MONDAY had a great day today.....
Police found my car! The thieves "borrowed" my guitar from the trunk so the 'More than words' flashmob singalong is cancelled tonight.
by the time you read this I'll be gone..somewhere off on my own living the dream that you never gave me a chance to live
She really dosent understrand how much I like her in love her. She makes me so happy it's crazy in I do everything I can too make her happy
#womenfarmer leader: "All women should join Sunhara program!"
My wisdom tooth and sinuses! Uggh
doubt it he a loser alchoholic
LOL! He always do that. LOL! :)
he seems to be a baseball GENIUS...he knows more about defense then anyone who has ever watched baseball
that's very creepy.
Never say you're not good enough, if that person can't see you for who you are, then they are the ones who aren't good enough .
Just registered for #ChelseasRun this weekend with Anyone walking or running on Saturday?
Thanks so much!!!!! xoxox
Auditioning can be such fun! The CD was so clear, gave great direction, & allowed me freedom to play! A good reminder of why I do what I do!
I've had three dreams this weekend: 1) on the run from police for months 2) mysteriously gone missing for two years 3) traveled back in time
**ATTENTION MODELS & DANCERS** MAKE SURE YOUR @ E.S.B.N MONDAY NIGHTS @ ALLURE (2224 elm st) 8 PM FOR AUDITIONS FOR PAID GIGS... RETWEET!!!
Wolf Signs is still available at Amazon, B&N and iTunes. FREE! If you haven't tried the wolfies, now's your chance
thank you darlin':)
I didn't get a chance to taste the koolaid...
Shows in Cali bout Ready!!!! I'm bout to be a Cali Girl
here at the crib gettin ready. U?
ARE YOU READY? Ghjcdksaw :D
Mecca Here I Cum.
same here!
4 hours to finish a paper and a powerpoint presentation... let's go!!
that was on my Glogster!
Our cheering station is hopping! Snacks, cookies from and lots of supporters like the wonderful
Thats right they ain't got SHHHHH on $2uesdays at #OBSESSIONS! MYKKO MONTANA LIVE TONIGHT!
Dont forget we'll be at Chelis Chili in Dearborn tomorrow night!! We start at 10:00, see you there!!
Why is "Who Is Paul McCartney" trending?? Someone explain, please.. STUPID kids today! Don't know a thing about real music.
Andrew, aka is behind the bar serving drinks and flashing. Come to the sexy
"Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty."
Oh. I get it. You're gonna help win the election for your party by disenfranchising tax paying citizens who vote. Let me know how it goes.
happy mothers day
just got the new NI MASCHINE and going nuts with this monster lololol
Stacy's mom has got it goin on:p
lmao stop talking about me man. Ain't nobody showing out for twitta. I love you too tho, nigga.
sitting at home!
It's not too late to go to my Face Book fan page, Todd Miner Law, and register for a free driving course for your son, daughter, grandchild.
favorite holiday scent has to be pine!! Love the smell of a fresh xmas tree!!
Also press outlets who are not invited but buy WWDC tickets to cover the keynote. Apple should offer limited # of Media passes.
I should of left before these feelings began,... now look at the pain in my eyes.
Officially the only person I know who tried to Shazam something on my own phone...
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, a hundred memories, all for one person <3
Well tonight's Glee was really an awesome show.
I'd love to be watching some Empire Strikes Back today
website's rockin, I'm excited it's finally up and running! If I order your ebook will you e-sign it?
I Have NEVER Had The Chance To See Perform Live Hopefully I'll Have The Pleasure To One Day!!!
Gutter Gardens%3A Reuse Rain Gutters to Create a Space Saving Garden. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FtKOn6I
still killin time. finna see this movie with !!!
feel better t-money<3
Who you guys got?
Getting dressed to hit the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
The lead singer from Green Day has a real name? I've been calling him 'Green Day' this whole time.
The big day is near come sign up and save 40% on classes Come now !!!!!!
You're more than welcome // Thanks for being leaders in your #Greek community
as opposed to dying in a aircraft where anything else goes wrong and you die?
Dis finna b a hell of a concert
#1citysummit at table 49 with the youth mayor and participants range in age from 14 to 90. Huge applause for !
That could go in the non sports related stuff haha. How's school going?
If You Mail - Read This! - 2% Discount On Mail Containing a QR Code During July/August. Pending final approval from PRC. -...
skype works great to!
#artpolitics silence or ambient sound as ambient citizenship
Ppl need to tame their damn kids
Shana is an older series (2005), so it makes sense for the DVD. The BD though, they upscaled it in Japan for a quick buck.
Have you made sure you are following and have "liked" us on Facebook? You could win a leather cuff as seen on style blogger !
Muscles are cold or, in other words, are not receiving very much blood flow. This is how muscles are pulled/strained.
#lessexcitingbandnames A.A.W.A. - African Americans Wit Attitude
Smiling...all is good...smooches!
I feel great :D
Omg! I missed Glee today cause I was watching the NFL Network. :(
Photos from the Invisible Disabilities event that was held on 6-29 at Comedy Works - Landmark have finally been posted on the Soko Photo Fa…
Flight booked!
Come on #Bulls!!! Let's Go!
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible
Brushing all the doggies is a misson lol
Cigarette smoke <<<<
needs a crash course in twitter... anyone want to teach me?
I got my exemption card today. I think I'm going to exempt my spanish exam. I don't feel like taking it.
I just wanna pop bottles n chill with the models
Indeed! Nothing like a bath at the end of a long day.
RT : Gentlemen, let me leave you with some advice... If you want to live a long life, just remember, women are ALWAYS right
Will you be taking your kid(s) to see The Hunger Games this weekend? Why or why not?
smh I'm going to get him! His lying self.
Have commencement speakers seriously still not been named?
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Not even close for a Blago type place...nice neighborhood though...good bar...right off the el stop
By the way: when do I get my visit from you two ladies?!? and are waiting!
I just wasted 30 minutes of my life watching a show called "Chopped" and not once did they cook with cocaine like I was hoping they would.
Thanks. This was on 40m. Cheap Alinco 100w radio and dipole tossed out the kitchen window. ;-)
It feels tropical in Milwaukee right now! Who agrees?
Follow us back We carry rock smith Thanks
Weather Channel says four #tornado warnings in #Dallas. That's just crazy. Hope all my friends and family are safe.
Time to go watch the new #ModernFamily!!!! woo
Trying to figure out what to do with my last 40 minutes of serfdom.
Loving my Baby :) I swear we grow more love for each other everyday <3
I need to learn how to take jokes on twitter
OMG I EFFING KNOW. YESTERDAY... alkdhglkahg. this is mia btdubs.
gotcha got both w try phone thanx again
Chicken is good too.....
Got a case of the Mondays? Come on in later for some fresh cookies, cold milk or even some fresh coffee. omnom!
thanks I just had to unfollow my unfollowers 😊
Easy Fitness got me back on track to eat healthy and feel good! Its a lifestyle change.
So much to do this weekend in Columbus, #MarchMadness, #AutoShow, and #StPatricksDay. Is anyone attempting all 3?
Thx! RT Sorry I can't be there reppin' you today.Tell them a C student went to Paros and it was the best experience ever!
Nobody wakes up slim, if they do they need to see a Doc ASAP
Lions finally on the clock! WOOT!
Im in love with and new remix together! I have it on repeat go check it out!
planet of the apes and tell me how it was ;-)
I think they keep them locked away somewhere where they are untouchable by the ladies.
stingy with funds too
Son of a nutcracker! Looks like we're experiencing some downtime. Tracking down the source of the issue now.
yep hopefully over!
That was a huge 3 by Wisconsin... We might have an upset
RT : RT : Get serious about yourself if you want someone else to take you seriously.
glad you were all there last night to support a great cause. we had a blast as usual
My review of the first half of Spielberg's Tintin movie: "If Snowy don't talk, the film's a crock." (Watching the rest tonight.)
glad to see you online. How are you feeling?
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: the man you love is turning into a horse, he wants you to help him, but you rather like him this way.
I still bump this one on the reg. It's 5 star Friday on my iPod shuffle today, presently You Could Me Mine, GnR.
maybe can share (off line, of course).
The natural order of life is Man,Woman and child. When that natural order is threatened,the world is off balance!
#Aetna has redeemed themselves and approved our friend's surgery! Thanks #Aetna. Next time maybe you could just approve it straight away?
thx for coming to our house! RT : Great to host you yesterday !
it was great :D thanks
Sad but true. Woman Ticketed in Raytown for littering. Tossed a Cigarette Butt. Priorities seem a little misplaced to me.
he said.. "meeeeeoooow"
If health care costs were lower, many employers would be hiring more people, says
Jas, I love you, but please don't talk smack about the Oxford comma, or I will be forced to defend its honor.
I feel that I know that moment all too well.
If a woman repeatedly cheats on her husband, they call her a "whore." But if a man does it, the GOP calls him a "frontrunner."
if PHAME was a superhero, we'd be the brightest, fastest, most song-and-dance Superman ever! (also, we <3 ) :)
im loving the hair lol
It's Monday all ready time is flying
Had a bad day. A hug from my would make my day brighter!
I'm soo bored in this bowling alley -.-
“: Loving the home love crazy weather but that's Cleveland!!! Love it!!!” come to scoreboards
At halftime Dakota leads the Jam 52-46. Juan Pattillo serves as a momentum changer for the Jam leading the team with 10 points off the bench
Great win in Columbus!
Remember in elementary school when the last week were parties and field day? The good ol days.
I got an umbrella for you, come through...
Fantastic to hear. Keep me posted :)
have practice from 7 to 9 by Reliant.
Good Morning!! :) You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
Eating some wasabi peas from the new in Fox Point. Love that place!
So hopefully Will finally come to Houston like
To me, that could apply to a lot of dance music. BTW, Deerhoof is not as bad, but somehow I don't enjoy it as much.
I know it's hard over there cause it's raining hard over here on the inside of my womb... innumerable fire...
What's up fam? It's ruckus from let me know if there's anything that we can do for you! Follow back if u want!
or the person is just so attractive that they want to retweet it from them.
I just can't decide on what shirt to get.
what do you want the ? Shut up!
What happened to the good old days of wearing your best sear sucker suit while you waited for the trolley? My mind is stuck in 1954 Zonks!
Armondos at the mall!
PLEASE come to nyc more often?
I call it like it is, Schafer looks very good. And this team is much better than last year.
finished book, great book. Thanks for getting it for me!
RIP Big Man....The sax that made me love music
nominate me...I want the job
At the 5th and K location of Bus Boys & Poets. Its at 4:30
Congratulations for winning the Caudill Award, on book Powerless! Thanks for skyping with my students too!
“: A police officer told me to keep my nose clean-I don’t have a nose so, problem solved.”
We are not trainers. We are thinkers who happen to trainers... -MindFirstFitness
There's zero chance ill be running outside w snow on the ground. We replaced the runs w late trips to the gym, u can join that?
: So good to meet you Ryan! Definitely hoping to catch a show soon, if not on Saturday.
Hey can yu follow and let her know that i sent yu! shes an amazing singer! thanks xo
Sherman Oaks, he's your neighbor.
From SeaWorld(work) to the La Jolla shores =) Do some yoga, meditate... Relax!
Niggas is feelin this damn bonnet 2day (shrugs shoulders & sips coffee)
In your marketing communications, determine the desires of your customers and fulfill them.
on deck
says We are witnessing a capitalist revolution, collaborate to solve social issues,1st impact entrepreneurs = Ben & Jerry’s
again wrong Sam.
#1DVDforme because its the most amazing DVD ever! :)
Kief. It's what's for dinner.
I want panda express so bad l have been craving this whole entire week uh so hungry l hope l can go soon :/
Jerry Jones should just fire Wade Phillips now...this team is a joke. No emotion at all from a team that was supposed to be in Super Bowl
New podcast coming together with email marketing, YES
what would be the best thing to do ? if you could e mail me and help me i would be very greatful !!
I would be very interested in seeing a picture which conveys everyday life, something outside of the tourist zone.
With like always
Also... just had great discussion with guy who works for me... it ended with a question - What is your basis for truth?
