Tonight Chris Paul joined Rajon Rondo as the only players to tally 30+pts, 10+asts and 5+stls in a NBA game this season
Isn't that ridiculous? Although I do like Benjamin Walker. But still!
good question! I was out of town for the MW tourney, but we could have watched Friday's game together. We need to catch up!
worst of both worlds...industrial agriculture.
when is the cabaret coming to Atlanta?
RT We're hosting a bowl painting party [today] with on rooftop plaza from 10am-12pm: ONLY $5
God is great, beer is good and people are crazy:)
Am alwys a bit perturbed to hear ppl say 'that's not (insert dish, eg risotto.)' Reminds me of 'that's not art.' When is there only ONE way?
Reeking of garlic and not feeling bad about it!
Canon G1 X: The Camera Caught Between Two Worlds [REVIEW] - Mashable
What ever happened to yall fucker all about #stopkony??? Guess that was temp feelings
Must find a way to catch the US match today.
Settle down, its the 1st quarter.
Just had the most delectable dulce de leche churros Stop.
damn i need some caffeine
Yummy red in my brand new Riedel glass.
Congratulations on being our lucky winner! Please DM us your mailing address and we'll get your DVD set to you!
Lolla'ed out..?? Go check out the free after show at the HOB back porch 2 night..
Our Support Center is currently functioning, if you have further concerns, contacting support via email is the best method atm ^CS
- Oh! Where are you?
Loss of emotional balance is the top killer of a) witness #testimony and b) #sales performances. It's all psychology, baby.
That's disappointing. I won't stress then about not stopping there to try one!
Let's talk jobs & economy! No more "shiny objects," please! Attempts to distract so obvious! Where are the JOBS?
Heading to the Dreamworks studio Monday... couldn't be more excited! #ANTZ has got to be an all time favorite.
Niall Horan? I’d fuck that. Zayn's lips? I’d kiss that.Liam's dick, id suck that. Louis's ass? I’d tap that. Harry's bed? I’D BREAK THAT.
will you be out soon? I'm craving a veggie yum yum bowl.
We're curious to know what type of shows you are presenting and where you are finding the most success or the least.
Um. It think you are thinking of the attitude students bring to TRADITIONAL courses not FORWARD-LOOKING WEbversities!
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/09/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Lookin' good... where was she?
It's mainly in the character duality thing, and the lying to the wife.
#Family farm is primary source of income for Saad’s family of 8. He will build it up to pass it on to future generations....
My thoughts exactly! #ImAVictimParty RT I love Santana so much
oh blah. Allegedly three chocolate cookies spoke to me too. Echo head desk.
awesome!!! Are you so ready for summer??
Suffering threatens to make life meaningless. That is its greatest danger, not the pain it inflicts.
so good!
This WEEK LOL
Steven Tyler doesn't look a day over Archaic.
&I gotta go up my school -.-
Repierced my nose, oh i missed it (:
too far
i LOVE tweets!!!!
Ever get to a point where you're tired and wired at the same time? Mind movin but body slowin
I think I'm going to add an "azzle" to the end of every other word I utter from now on. It just sounds better.
Oh, A little too anxious.
Classy females <3
well they like me the least
Sorry for delay...I always look at intranets as task based, but if whole intranet isnt task based it may be counterintuitive
not only did I miss SUNDANCE by a few days, I caught a cold in Salt Lake City!
Nice feature. Have you worked with many other area restaurants?
De Graaf: Hawaii is the happiest state in the union, West Virginia is the least happy.
Most people missed it! I mean, no one was talking about it..
Working on: copyediting a straight-to-E monograph No footnotes, thankfully.
got it already!
thisz retarded ass mutha fukka has me ready bout tuh catch uh case!! yuh cant compare to me!!!
YAY! Happy to be part of my 3rd event with the most talented librarians in the world!!!
Oh, man, I'm sorry. That bites.
#YourNotADirectioner if someone asks you your favorite band member, & you say " well i like all of them except .. " NO.
hey austin if u didnt know i check ur twitter page every second of the day rt mention or follow me back love you <3
me and are country boys at heart.
Up early with the fog. Yoga, Thai Chi, outside chores, stole 2 eggs for breakfast, laundry, now bread baking. Potato planting later.
that's not true. they don't always play in america
Hawaii is home!!
Lol here comes the lighting..
My eyes don't shed a tear before they pour.
absolutely gorgeous.
jamie garcia
I don't think they know that lol (:
“: Be honest with the people who love you, they deserve your honesty.”
I'm telling u put crumb Snatcher on a t shirt LOL
Working on my body get back like it was.
AMEN! “: I'm just going to sale drugs and strip...and maybe do porn! Fuck school!”
Women are auditory learners who benefit from muting men& see their actions match what they say.
I use my custard powers for good though don't you think?
very soon! :)
I sing One Direction songs to my 3 week old niece while I'm feeding her. She'll be a Directioner.
i'm not beautiful ! you're the beauty one !!
THATS RIGHT! You can become a great friend of mine with just 3 small payments of $10.95!
But really, you should keep tweeting that Romney fired him. It's responsible.
still in a delay?
hes one of the best rappers
I stopped by 's place to say hello, but no one was home.
dont be silly, webinars are why they made two screen set ups
Awsome to enjoy our subjective view of the world, yet amazing to understand our limitations and break free through imagination!
Soon on Display in Brooklyn: 'Holy Grails' of Baseball The 1912 blueprints for Ebbets Field were presumed lost, another casualty from a m
lots of acting work coming up. Had to turn down an audition for the first time. It was kinda sad. :(
Oh hello (;
dunno why I am so tired. I went to sleep at a decent hour.
If anybody ever describes me as of the "millennial" generation, I'm going to hold their hand in a garbage disposal
Glad you're having a great time at #AAM2012 Are any other MAM students or alums there?
The moment when you lose all the stuff you just typed into the video credits...
A sharp vision, backed by concrete plans, offers you an exceptional feeling of confidence and personal power.
If she ain't feeling u don't get mad at me lol
I'm loving my life!!
your livetweet of watching Goonies for the first time is hilarious.
Much like Pete Martell, is a prince of a man
I was home last Thanksgiving.
“: I was kidding. I just wanted to say something” this explains most things on twitter.
don't mess with beer karma!! It will bite back. Pay the true price.
Been really paranoid lately.
Broke Bitches Steal Clothes; Real Women Got The Money To Buy Wat They Want!! Its Not Even A Hustle Its Just Sad!!
RT ": Next time I see my bestfriend, we're going to take dumb pictures together. <3"
Oh it sure Did Berlinda! Will be rescheduling the event! Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday!
no, I went back to my hotel.
So pretty. Do you have a link for the app?
hahaha thank you Richie!
I do it all the time. I refuse to communicate in symbols when words will do. Feedback>Grading
#thingsblackfolksargueabout who hit that
By the way, the current presidents term ends in 2012... GO FIGURE. Lol
HAPPY EASTER!
A little more excited to tune in and watch The Ohio State University Spring Game today on
how is your day going
Beer Breakfast Tuesday was moved to today! Today's menu: Cigar City Either and Ruthless Rye
faculty and staff get a 15% discount at the Katzen Museum Store on First Fridays. Stop by before 4!
Go to a bar and grab a drink ;-) Life's hard, I know :-P
Happy Mother's Day to all!!...
My high was definitely emailing me to say my writing is dope! Humbled. Always grateful to have support for what I do. Thank you!
after all that buildup I did expect more
Managed to get myself into an important class. That runs the week of Rosh Hashanah.
So close!!
“: see you tomorrow! #WellnessWednesdays" very excited!! Will be fun! has rocked this!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Thanks for RT of article. Following you. Feel free to follow back
": Shit ain't all good but it ain't all bad"
what advice would u give 2 someone who has low self confidence??
Despite the margaritas last night was able to fix my lab coat, Doctor.
I feel exactly the same way. On the positive side, I feel less that way every year. It gets better.
that's unfortunate. Have fun at the gym! ;) just mother's day stuff this weekend. Oh, and I'm doing the flowers for an event. :)
Apple Education Announcement: All new iTunes U with dedicated app to let teachers do everything all on their iPad - LMS-like
Wondering whether our titles are in a library near you? Insert our title on www.worldcat.org and it will tell you!
ask for EIGHT slices of lemon, and dump every packet of artificial sweetener that is in the holder in water. Urgh.
Laying down a hot version of St James Infirmary for Fat Tuesday
Really I just totaly embarrassed myself in front of a bunch of cute guys -__- #onlyme lol
you're right Derek. Hope you're feeling good - any ATL plans soon?
Lol spent 32 dollars on nail polish. YOLO. It was special. It's Kardashian Kolor.
nice tweet, thanks for the love. Team roots.
I like the new Twitter UI more then the old one. Good stuff.
Im in #orlando #NBAallstar2012 lets party tonight @ #executive hanger.
Oohh I gotta checkout Chili and Film Noir! I love Rubywoo! I know you know your stuff! I just referred you to some1 btw ;)
Sooner than later,is always better
just finished reading #angelsanddemons.. good read but I got a feeling the movie's gonna suck.
that on Take Care from Deake? A remix?
All that living in underdeveloped countries was bullshit. Washing machines and twitter are the way to be.
My parents officially hate me! I didn't get an easter basket!!!!!! what the heck
thanks Lyndsey- means a lot to me!
You ugly homo.
still awake...smdh
God! Why am I such a huge puppy lover? -_-
Damn. I better start packing for DALLAS!
Trying to get my son up. We've got to get to flocking!
dm ground breaking news regarding academic leap forward by eliminating most /all book costs? Rapid deployment-effective learning
Now that I rely so much on gadgets, I have trouble finding a pen when I need one.
Lonely here without my baby!
hell no. Minimum requirement. :p
THANX It tastes even better!
Excited to begin contributing to 's blog. Hope you guys will come check us out!
I am sure I would be. Luckily, you aren't reliant solely on your writing...
I'm gone get that dance lol
"The scariest thing since sliced..."
I love to serve fish with veggies. My son loves it. Carrots and Green beans are his fav
OMG OMG. *passes out* RT “: Gearing up to write with the dudes today. I feel a good song is in the air.”
Wow just read about some of the racist tweeters from Boston. Another reason for me not to like Bean town. Despicable. Go Joel Ward!
but nothing will remove an actual stain...have to cut it off :/
Already the final stop of winter
So much to do...where to start? How about procrastination?
Area 31 packed again
Never knew love would feel like a heart attack
bad for the tequila right?
would you have an interest in discussing collaboration?
: There is protection in doing things in order."
Happy Friday.Watch your speeds out there, Photo radar van on Silverbell near Ironwood Hills.If your going out this weekend call 520-798-1111
has anyone else ever ran into an issue where a custom javascript sort won't work on an object's property? works fine with a reg array...
ANNOUNCEMENT: The winners of the Las Vegas Promotion our Cristina Rivera & Ileana Miranda Congrats! And thanks to everyone that entered.
Dear heart, why him?
Q4 Just finished Civil War and thinking of doing a unit on Black History from Reconstruction to today.
Free food! RT : Dinner in NY tonight 1st 200 people at Sylvia's Restaurant by 7 pm in Harlem. Leave ya money/credit cards at home.
I want to go to the Fantasy Factory.
#multitasking Working, Tweeting, FB'ing AND about to start the 15-hour #Marvel #Avengers movie marathon! We're excited!
& in the event we get attacked by bugs or frogs, I can almost guarantee we'll laugh about it later lol ❤
The only Polish Deli/bakery in Baltimore did not have them. He said they had them last Thursday :-/
Not that I know of, other than the existence of a Facebook page.
RT : Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood ~ Marie Curie RT
Goodnight guys:)
Well I ever know? Probably not. So I just need to keep trying.
fridays gonna be a really good day!:)
My mavericks are blowing out the knicks
Nah, the usual amount.
#7DAYS TILL THE BEST MOVIE THIS YEAR... THIS IS SWEET !!!
How many tattoos do you have that you want to get rid of?
Woke up in a great mood. It's Friday!
My Sextet will be making big sounds on the little stage at Katerina's Wed nite stop in for great music and a showing of my original artwork
I have a friend that actually did that... I could hook you up! ;)
thanks cousin these are my kinda people.
Did you know your former instructor Dave DeVries has a show at Sacred Gallery in NYC? Check it out!
you might have a scheduling conflict with the show then...:( that's too bad!
I Gots Lots To Say
RT : if YOU're in San Antone, you BETTER see tonight at 1030 at ! this dallas girl is jealous :(
bring me some.
Internet Week New York has officially begun! Which event are you off to first? #IWNY -CS
spicy fish tacos with honey, cilantro slaw and capers.
Finally back in LA, traffic in CA sucks!
she wants someone to giver that rifle get it? 😁
Thank you David, for clicking my name.
yeah sure
One final is done!!!!
and yet i was the ONLY actually finding something to do when ya was on the phone but we still didnt do nuffin my mind is blank :/
RT : A1: ...quick primary source examination, ability to record comments, create video clips pertaining to topic access web
bad move!
Thank you guys. M, cake. ;o)
Shooting the flying squirrels .Promotional video coming out soon.
Thinking about you as I make my own trek to Boise for a funeral this weekend (great aunt).
Quote of the day: "Sometimes the most laid back person has to step up when it's needed."
oh, liking the new Twitter layout!
Poor Ashton K. He's always getting someone's panties in a bunch!! Lol
got cancer-scanned in o'hare last weekend and they still felt the need to probe my ponytail for contraband!
NCAA Championship game @ 8:20 tonight: 1/2 price wings, $16 domestic buckets & $5 grey goose cocktails. Who's stopping by?
People tweeted about Girls enough that I watched it. This is why people who aren't Woody Allen aren't supposed to write/direct/produce/star.
The Marlins have contacted Jose Reyes and plan to talk to Fielder and Pujols
Q6: I'd be quite happy to just learn once & for all how to keep my derailleur adjusted correctly.
remember when you tried to grab that CD from me on Coldwater? She's perfect music for you and your audience!
Long day ready to lay it down
#LOLat people who think they are food experts because they eat a shit ton
Damm, that only lasted a week, she got to boring!
Good morning ^.^
Dedicating this day to my car...lol getting it all cleaned up! :)
thanks girl! I am entering the working world today! So excited for what is to come!
Comcast Profit Exceeds Estimates on Broadband Additions
My homegurl might move in with me
Life is a monster. I smile and rock my day. Hope you are well. Midweek!
Thanks for the info. Checking it out now.
I have soccer playoffs tonight!!!<3 You think you use your wise words to help me get ready for it?<3
Great news! Congratulations, dude!
Nothing wrong with a thick chick ;-)
I need that one thing. You've got that one thing.
When people think of me they think of studying and things that have to do w/ school. 1. I HATE SCHOOL 2. I NEVER STUDY 3. I'm just like you.
the first 10 seconds are a bit awkward but this shit is banging my big. fuck yes.
school is so much more relaxing just for the thought that there is exactly 1 month left.
Egypt is not part of persia... lol
Miami's a rider and im her roller put us together how they gon stop both of us
Smoking weed isn't drug abuse, hitting it is.
Lmao! Don't worry we're not judging you :P it's your Twitter, tweet whatever the hell you want!
Have a lot of footage. Could make a video montage. Who knows. Any suggestions? No bleeders.
Watching Pride & Prejudice with mom
Countdown to big pour week one week & counting .M beer.
Anyone who does not understand your silence, hardly understand your words
I suppose these rebels have great PR like the POTUS himself.
its hard cuz u run out of things quickly
so the gop enery plan is to allow chinese style pollution? Awesome.
Do you have your phone?
so great connect with you!!! Thanks for risking ur life to take pix!! :) wanna check out ur work. This my personal
CONGRATS TO AND to winning the Brit award for british single! :) <3
I tweeted u By mistake..
oh, and apparently, you look like a mouse?
#killyoself lol RT : I wonder how much $$$$$$ we about to blow on liquor thoooooo smh I got 7 bucks on whatever lmao.
Oh Bonnie and Alicia, I LOVE LOVE LOVE...
just bought that book you mentioned yesterday .. Uh kinda excited about this lmao
Unfollow this page it got hacked! I need you all to follow my new page pleasee and thanks ;D
thanks for responding, and I agree. Would love for more content specialists/experts to get involved (for creative engagement)
regulate the practice of law and attorney fees, regulate bankers and fractionalized lending, regulate drug trade, reduce government spending
pretty honored to see in my inbox a follow from you!!!
dang man... been forever.. how you been?
My father used to sing to me in my mother's womb
i like being a toe, it's fun, i get to surf inside socks BABY
For everyone not yet entered into the FREE iPad giveaway, head to our FB page now to get registered. www.facebook.com/theclarionmc
air force ones
Back to back Pocket Rockets gets me up to a healthy 20k at first break.
thank YOU so much for making music :) can't wait to hear the new album, what are the songs like?xx
Hope you have a fabulous birthday!!!
playing at Dirty Dog on 6th at 12:15pm!!! Free Lunch too! Come! :)
I started the first one to see what it was. Couldn't get thru first few chapters. I'm stumped.
(Also: ugh 2 ppl do who prop up the homeless for their own agenda, w/out recognizing their social justice awareness usually btr than most.)
when you're sick what do you do? Take days off the gym to rest, or just take it easy on your workouts??
Up at 3am, my normal witching hour. Facebook is telling me to "write something..." but I got nuthin!
“: If you trust in your god why don't you let priest's make your medicine?” Or babysit your children?
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
Europeans use too many smiley faces in texts and messages and it really makes me feel uneasy
Welcome to the family. Proud to be a Deacon.
I may need a photo of this one!
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 0
RT : What if hogwarts isnt real, and Harry made up a false reality to cope with living under the stairs?
Come on BULLS! We need this!
I'm literally working 9 hours today so I won't be around much. If you want, you can just shut Twitter down until tomorrow.
But. What. If. I'm sick of sake
.okay so what now?
Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipes Is there ever a bad time for chocolate chip cookies? I think not. But I especially like making them on week
How bout dat LSU Tiger baseball!! Winning 2 games today and turning around for SEC championship Sunday at noon against Vandy.
"Healthy Southern Food" doesn't have to be an oxymoron.
Happy Leap Day. It's an extra day to spend with your baby girl. Enjoy it!
Can you all feature us in an upcoming #DMVTrain?
HOW ELSE WILL I KNOW IF HE LIKES IT!!
Steve Angello just added to the lineup?! Wowowowwww
illegal immigrants, who have resided in the United Sates for an extended period of time, could become legalized.
Best magazine I have read cover to cover in forever (february) The Oprah Magazine.
Checking emails..
I know ok a lil slow on the tweet, bit the beibs was robbed at the Grammies!!!
So much heavy thinking lately. #teenagers #ex-husbands #Discernment Time for some fluffer-nutter. #ModernFamily or #NewGirl & sleep
Fuck that didn't even play on my own team 😒
Wow Georgia! I thought Carolinians had accents. And I thought Miami had mesquitos! But damn! Got attacked pumping gas!!!
That last tweet, I really sounded.desperate lol
How many pushups can you do in 3min? Avg is 55, if you can't do 75, #menshealth says you need to lose weight or gain strength. Grrrrr!
Think about the two guys that got drilled in the face with the football by Boley. I bet their faces are hot and throbby right now.
it's cool I understand. Was the rest of the night fun?
When did iOS remove the ability to skip back 30 seconds while listening to audio in the Music app? I used that all the time.
“: I'm pretty sure I'm allergic to Nickelback.”
April Fools Day! Don't be tricked into buying a vehicle you don't trust! Visit #MelloyDodge & be sure you get the very best vehicle & DEAL!
gotta beat u need to murder
Loving some #bryanadams at trinity!
Watching the Human Centipede :(
Definition of art according to someone's attention for as long as you want it. I like that.
Sure thing! You can't go wrong with any of them.
Cats fed. I'm buying a squirt gun to keep them from scratching at the door for breakfast at 3am. Grrr
I'm in PA in the am then have a meeting and work til 5pm but can do an evening class? Xx
Got lost. Found Bookmarc and wanted every book I saw. John Currin, George Condo, Patt Smith, Veruschka. Love.
I remember pre-walking. My sister used to take my toys and sit on me. :-P
with the #newfacebook it's harder to maintain a balance between personal and professional life. everyone knows everything!
Exciting, off-dry and enjoyed at room temperature or chilled on a warm summer day
I guess I should come back down and give you another.
I'm totally a mover and a shaker and love mingling with them too! ; )
My sisters water just broke!!!!!!! Omg yay my nephew is going to be born
thats a lotta starch...lol...but I'm sure it will fill into all the right place...until mid-30's lol
no, I'm a bigger fan of tinseltown.
Yelp uses a Google map on its search results page, but a Bing map on its restaurant detail page.
Are there any #bigandtall groups we should be aware of in #colorado?
got a day off tomorrow and im gonna take advantage of it
As your wife, I pledge to remind you of that...daily...both verbally and nonverbally.
what is up with you?? Lol funny af
so one txt me , nothing to do , rain sucks
(What Would It Take…To "Restore Honor To America"?-(Two)-pt…(2of 2) - "Black" History The "Black" President "Obama" Should Know.)-on youtube
Me too. RT blueberries are totally weird on the inside
- It's just more stressful. Thanks Chef!
Also, software needs to be flexible, modular and easily updated #edchat <- all three of these are built into :D
Although I had to come to work today, I stand in spirit with May 1 International Worker day and the OWS passive activists marching thru
Respect it or check it
Nothing like waking up to an @ list of twitter spam.
has no yarn room because she bought TP ... [cont'd]
me too, man, me too
Don't forget to play DDR tonight or tomorrow for your chance to win FREE tickets to The FP at Hollywood Theater! Details:...
But it still has weight. RT : What about competitive hiring? Do traits of #diversity weigh more than skills & exp?
I just got my copy last week. Haven't started yet because I'm afraid of how strong the sirens call may truly be.
Stop by the DAC for Research Day today to celebrate the work of Drexel's best and brightest from 11 - 2:30. Awards presented right after!
I can't imagine living and not running. -Paula Radcliffe
my guess is true
about 9pm...they are on airline...the best
Time to get to the money$$$
I wouldn't expect you eating anywhere else!
Absolutely .... or is it just an obsession ... one of the two .... or probably both.
Beautiful red leather Lazy Boy sofa $450 and recliner $150 at the Wash. Co. ReStore
Still up writing songs...... Hitting the studio Thursday with homie .The Classmatez on the beats.We Taking OVER
i love hearing people talk about true love, in like 2 months ur 15 yr old ass will b screamin SINGLE LIFE YOLO... all that fake shit.
Omg just spilled moisturiser all over the carpet
#avengers time with
Do you have a favorite fantasy sport Mallory?
Grotto tonight. live feed starts at 11pm.
bored's
RETWEET IF YOU ARE MEXICAN OR SPEAKS SPANISH
me too I can't wait for summer
Good play, imo. ": Going to start Demaryius Thomas over Frank Gore this week. That's kind of sad."
Battle Royale makes Hunger Games look like The Smurfs Olympics!
I might pay my bill and change my number instead.
Love it when the "big boss" comes by my desk and says, Alright girl, 11:30. Lunch. Mexican. And margaritas.
My husband Glen, my knight in shining armour, my hero, my soul mate, my closest friend and he makes me laugh. I love you G!
not sure that you love me, not sure enough to let me go u say u dont wanna hurt and dont wanna see my tears but baby why are u still here?
Are you testing #chromebook for student use? What grade level? Is this a 1-to-1? I'd love to hear your thoughts, do you have a blog?
glad you enjoyed it! My pleasure.
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 10
Yummy! Don't temp me like that!! Gotta stay fit for Vegas, right ?!?
I had a long night!!
Nice. I've been enjoying the treats I've been getting this week.
I know right!
In case you were wondering, "Throw the Goat" will be performing a concert at the Universal Bar and Grill on 2/24.
oh nice! Is there any cover or anything like that? Ive never been there before. Haha.
Major major police action involving a shooting in NE Portland by 47th and Fremont (my neighborhood) stay off streets!
The story of " lafayette" is one of the best stories I ever heard. Layette: the lost hero
Your link isn't working. Is it just me?
Matt Kemp. Current MLB leader in consecutive games played!
Keep calm & Smoke weed :)
The ladies of #theview were yapping so much they didn't let the DR get to the point of where the G-spot is.
If you want to make the contribution this year for tax reasons direct message me.
it better be a BiG stocking!
hey,hey
Mens' and womens' schedules are up on the site! Coed will be up Tuesday. Internationalindoor.com
lmboo! You put a little too many times though haha
very very very very important point.
why? I can't either and I'm so beat
oh my bad ☺ Thanks!!
Yayy! that's awesome, can't wait to hear about it! And see you soon! :D
Words of wisdom! RT : Just applied to and so should you.
I'm about 12 days behind on email (and everything else). The insanity of catch up starts tomorrow. Sorry for the delay, world. I'm on it.
: Can I add you on FaceBook! Please and Thank You!
oh jeeze, beyond words amazing! :-) hbu?
Follow and I will give you 5 shoutouts, tell me if u did!!
haha he got that "im gay" mixtape and "the number one bitch" hahaha that shit trivv
RECIPE, please.
no forever(:
Some of my best childhood memories were driving an hour down to the Capital Center to see the #Caps with my dad.
#20ThingsAboutMe I wear contacts >.<
2 make Everybdy happ I think I would need a Clone
Don't shag a fat bridesmaid.
Thank you TT for putting me in Texas Weekly "hot list" wink wink. U can B My Friend Julian - you hot too.
Follow he always S/O randomly!
Sandusky: v. Rape, tarnish; suck the fun out of
okay, i am just beside myself with these ex-girlfriends of our president releasing a book. really, really...!
I need that lady with the super powers that makes people poop their pants on sight.
way to go out on a limb, all the Boston media is saying the same thing
"Ah, angels of the West, companions in heaven, What now, what's the latest, what visions, what arguments, what sweet agreements?"
Stoked about Oregon.
my phone won't let me send messages so I'll have to talk to you on here
the biggest problem with the public school system is that funding is tied to property taxes
RT : "You need to be in a really unique business. Some people need to think its the most important problem to work on." Thiel
Hahaha! It is torture! But you get SUCH a nice tan!! I LOVE when its hot at the beach! AHH!! :D
oh yeah right, I'm going even if that means having to hide in one of the suitcases
damn itz like that ..
..just out here in San Antonio chillin..tryin to get my music right
These bitches need mo home training
Is there any way to enter multiple to-dos for one person or due date without having to select it every time?
So, I think everyone in EngComp, should have everything updated on their page. Everyone breath.
Sometimes its nice to stay home on a friday night&lay in a comfy bed&watch movies!Especially Friday,How High,Blow..u kno oldies but goodies
New House baby.
get your shit together carol!
we'd love to talk to you about how we can make switching more simple (and reversible) for folks that want to give it a try!
we got this tonight. I got a class for my masters so you better be tweeting. I need you as my eyes on the game!
Anyone that is interested in cuting cost with empolyees, direct message me I have a plan that can help you....save $$$$$$
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 23, 2012
Think ima crash early 👍 I just saw something I DID NOT wanna see :c I hope my stitches are still there cause I thought I saw a hole 😳
Thanks to for setting up the Linked In discussion for Tweeps. Good networking!
Gotta be honest: I don't get why Jeff Fisher is getting his pick of franchises to drive into mediocrity.
I want a hot dog costume
so sorry for your loss, sir.
thank you, thank you! Hey ladies! Get funky!
Finally back:D did I miss anything?
Fixing your hunger, one burrito at a time! :)
My account got phished sorry to anyone and everyone who has gotten random stuff from me it will be fixed Monday.
I hope Robert Villanueva ( ) finds #AGirlThat makes him really happy & has everything he looks for in a girl.
This is going to be the 1st post that I retweet. YOU'RE awesome!
I'm looking to get 1000 followers on Twitter by the end of the year. Spread the word. Share the good, free music.
Useless tidbits of #knowledge! #CHARISMA, from greek origins, means "filled with grace."
what up? (I'm a landlord and I'm not terrible!) (remember I have a house that's mostly, usually vacant).
PATY* please I beg you!
Seriously RT Ugh. The last 40 miles is always the longest.
Another for : Hot Sugar #fakebandnames Girl, Give Me Some of 'Dat Cotton Candy
ahh shit. You don't have lunch?
The Dentist will see you now...
Chile peppers are relatives of tomatoes, potatoes, and eggplants, all belonging to the nightshade family.
what if being dead turns out to be tougher than being alive?
Ok, I'll just say that SFDC Touch does look pretty cool.
Glad that diversity in publishing is being discussed, but sad that it has taken so long. We've been in the game since '75
He is like a Mountie, he always gets his man. And he'll zap you any way he can…
be happy to. Pls email and let's set up. Thx!
hey | Best reading advice we heard... Read with a child, it's the most important 20 minutes of your day.
"seam seam salibeam" Brandon keeps sending me saying this quote and it's now stuck in my head. Do you now the movie?
lol ice cream! <D
#wfgm_org was hacked by a phishing scam.We did NOT send a DM asking everyone to access a link.Thx for everyone's help over the last 48 hrs!
helps to improve alertness and
Another Nuggets home game is tonight! See them dominate the Sacramento Kings tonight at 9 p.m. ET.
Sittin in the grass testing Christmas lights with my dad. Such a nice day as well! I love being on vacation!! X
Baseball benn berry berry good to me...GO TINCAPS
I havent seen dry all day
Hi I was looking through your company site- First Person Communication, and I was wondering if there was a contact email?
Really wish my N-64 was up here at the shop right now!
not signing, hiring to front office
It's thought theory. No way to prove it. I think that the mind is capable of such thoughts speaks volumes to our potential.
has been chosen as an Alternate in the Innovation category for #SXSW Festival's Interactive Wk. Hope we slip into those finals!
which one
Props 2 ESPN for their piece on Bobby Petrino by goin 2 a Waffle House in Fayetville 2 interview a waiter who looks homeless for his opinion
THAT is why Kobe is my favorite NBA player. Takes the tough shots, and makes them a decent amount too.
I'd suggest trying places like the public library, and NUVO... sometimes even facebook if it's local...
Volunteer meet up Thursday ant HQ 7pm!www.ghartwalk.com
Join us for Sunday Brunch, reservations for parties of 5 or more, delicious All Organic Vegan Juices, Cocktails, Specials & Full Brunch Menu
hahaha. Not quite.
Mom!! The meatloaf!!
awww yea. super sexy spring storm.
Dallas, TX - need females for a calendar shoot (topless). Pay is 4,500 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
Ha, if only everyone followed those rules :-) Happy Thursday!
CHECK YOUR GMAIL! IN NEED OF A FEATURE. THANKS
party is 2nite, 10pm, Easy Bar @ Division & Damon. 2mrw I'm @ Allerton *7pm* with a sax player u will F%$#&^* LUV. BURNING.
sounds pretty perfect to me :)
What?! No thank you?? Forget u then! RT haha. We're ready for her!
happy birthday to !!! I am talking to your mom right now!
This is a joke right??
sitting in the sun? Isn't it bad? Sun rays are damaging from 10am-4pm.
Wished my company would issue everyone a laptop and sunglasses so we could work outside!!
Call your mother. Please
relaxing watching some tv for once then birthday tonight
/// Are these cats playing "Shook Ones" for the Spurs??
I don't know what started the fight! But then everyone's been complaining that I'm too tall! I can't win with this crowd! ;)
Damn, son! I gotta say, the Serf is pretty baller!
Looks great, whoever owns that company I am sure is very happy.
- in my prayers!
A lil #happyhour never hurt nobody, Patron margarita anyone?
RT : There are more US households with dogs than with children. Get into the pet biz says
My skin has been like flawless lately with no makeup not gonna lie ! #natural #confident :)
Gonna skip the #Phillies game tomorrow. If they're not gonna show up, why should I?
*Yawn* I Think Imma Go Night Night Guys!!! I Love You All With All My Heart!!! #RusherOff <333 (:
If 3 things align this February, the first press release will be very interesting. Publicity, promotion and review push to follow.
The NCAA will really be screwing up if they get too involved here. It will become amateur hour on every campus in the country
With the risk of 2-3" of snow, I fear Portland my never recover from the destruction headed our way.
Thank you all so much! Our music on Myspace has been getting so many plays! Thank you thank you!!!
flannel shirts wrapped around my waist to expose my self-cut sleeveless Pearl Jam shirt will never go out of style. I'm down!
how to write without vomit
LOLz right! :P
The coolest thing I did today was play with the effects in Google Hangout and put a monocle on the video image of
Kindness is better beauty.
So nice out today! Shame to be stuck in my office!
Omg revenge words cannot explain how good that show is!
I'm in the new oj commercial but I haven't seen it yet. Did you see it on network tv or cable? Thanks!
I don't care how we met, I'm just happy we did
Anyone want an invite to Pinterest? Love the site and you will too!
Core 40 review with and of course Maddie Durbin (:
Big thanks to who gave an #AddyInspired presentation last night. And even bigger thanks to everyone who attended.
thanks! Definitely excited about it.
If grammar was a priority in your life you wouldn't be on twitter
2ND WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 3...DOLPHINS/CHARGERS #TAKETHEOVER (44)...TRADITIONAL AFC SHOOTOUT!! LOTS OF BIG PLAY CAPABILITIES HERE...
You can check my bedroom
IT'S BOTH
i dont get how the whole seedless thing could b good or bad.
hope to have a great night & even better day tomorrow & yes I am blonde with blue eyes.. Nightynight ;)
Sounds a little like Neil Young RT : It's better to wear out than to rust. Let's move!
My head hurts today :(
: in my opinion...still talking to your ex is like not burning a very "satisfying" bridge with many "benefits" P;
we only need our minds cleaned
Yes each state wants to protect turf RT : layers of regs hurt honest agents- doesnt stop crooked. missing something?
- are you serious?
watching the MJ memorial on CNN live...so sad...RIP MJ
likes them!!!! "you dropped the bomb on me, baby....."
Eden Lounge will be bananas tonite!! Special Edition of "Eden Fridays" Happy Hour. Fabulous is the dress code!!
Happy Friday
Be sure to pick up the April issue of and see photos from the 2nd Annual Fashion Plates fund-raiser!
Haahaahaa. You know that's right. Dossgirl luuuuvs her some cleanin' tools.
There is a chance that your networking marketing company has lost there mojo do research before you join
Yes, today is my Birthday. Cake does sound good!
Oh Yeah!!!
I'm trying my best to stay up he talking way to much
then when they act like wild animals, put them down like wild animals = population control. rid the world of em.
This week's SocialBrief is out 2day feat. - and #chocolate!
We now have just 6hrs left of our drive towards MUCH warmer weather. By this time Monday we'll be cruising towards Jamaica!!
DEATH ON A DRIVE IN THE COUNTRY - American Reporter
hope you'll be ready to come to #ripcity when the #lockout is over. We'll be ready for you!
"Is that chocolate or a freckle?" -
Thanks to Jackie "The Jokeman" for a great dinner at the Friars and sitting in on his show, Jackie's Joke Hunt on Sirius Howard 101 Tues 7pm
I checked opentable for reservations and it said unavailable for 8 weeks! What will the wait be like this weekend?
Thanks! Love the service. RT : loved the News.me write up on your blog! Glad you're finding the email useful!
Ohh, is that supposed to hurt? Really. If you are REAL. You'd call Dawn or shit to prove it. but all you do is make excuses.
You're welcome. Hugs from afar.
RT : Coming up tomorrow: the first of three special previews of one of the Pottermore chapters.
Cuz niggas like you straight gay for repeating the word zesty boy boy lol...
Has everyone been enjoying our yelp drink week?
last time we hit durty nellies it was to see an AC/DC cover band..learned today they've been doin a spring beer fest for 18yrs..who knew
One more week until I play Annie in #Annie - Rehearsals all next were @ the college. #EXCITED for Annie, Jr. broadway
great seeing you Looking forward to upcoming events
Hey mb is on forgot to write tht on the last tweet! Who else goes on this account?
Today's K atty tip: Sensitive #documentreviews require a sensitive review facility. Is your agency's facility secure enough?
oye wichy...thx buddy, yeah im getting up there but u know im still doing it big
I do follow u.
did i tweet that? (why the RT?); also, those folks have audiences; i'll have to re-read your post to better understand -
I wonder what Austin is thinking right now <3
:) have to dig that photo of youtubing while car riding
Absolutely LOVED and tonight. Thanks for being my Valentines tonight, guys!
raw dogging/raw ducking
You're absolutely right. On my very first day. Mercy. Lol
Wonderful to know!!! RT : awesome! Our team ended up raising over $5k selling funnel cakes and the event raised about $250k...
You always seem patient when we talk, but maybe there's something you're not telling me...
So the Phoenix Nordiques it is!!!
#HIV infections are still occurring at a rate of about 50,000 a year in the U.S.
Has any one tasted >Saint Helena Island: Napoleon Valley Estate Coffee Please get me word about it thanks Ira
Actually, I don't think is the twitter account for Craig's choral group Conspirare.
i saw mr. plant at uchi. i gave him sexy eyes hoping he would make me famous...didn't work.
Um, YEAH I do!
And we love you, too!
On the web: It is uncontrolled
Down by cake? :)
So, I am excited that I am now a member of google+ I might actually use this. Facebook has just been a link sharing site for me. #google+
Going to concert tonight!! It's been awhile since I've se
have you checked out the ?
Dunkin'>Starbucks (blue collar>yuppie)
heck yess !! buhh than again , when is he not ? :)
GM! Thought for the day: If they love you, they will tell you what you need to hear not what you want to hear.
niggaz fear what they don't understand & don't understand why they fear
Tonight Jazz/Funk @ 8pm. Let me see the part of you that wants to dance!! Let's werk it out in honor of the Disco Diva!!
lol that's awkward
Wade cleans up his miss
We Call it "The Children's Museum of Indianapolis": via
Some people on site they thought that it wasn't Miley on the site was the reason certain questions were not answered.
I am a person of ACTION. I will seize the moment and I CHOOSE NOW.
I just love to prove people wrong
Carl from our office will be at the Game Marketing Summit. Connect with GT Events!
A little mad were even open today.
Gathering anomaly team to check out a valve out on the pad ... T minus 4 and holding #AtlasV "that's so 27 seconds ago"
Don't feel good at all
A big beach hat! RT Question 4: What is your must-have item to take with you on Spring Break? 5th tweet wins!!
can't wait to see you guys as well
Pulling for NC State tonight ONLY so that KU fans will return to KC and hit up the SKC game on Sunday. Could use a big crowd...
I'm great wbu?
Eh, it's on the sign-in page. I occasionally sign in from other computers, so it comes up every now and again.
One fisherman sees another from afar. ~ Russian Proverb
Why the hell do my fingertips hurt? I still got all my guitar calluses so why the hell is it hurting to play guitar o_o weirdness
I'm off to punch my nutsack to some choking porn over at Tumblr. Later!
i even find myself obnoxious. going to watch 8 1/2.
2BR/1BA Duplex in Grant Park area. $800/mth $400 Sec Dep. Inbox me for more details (Please Re Tweet)
I believe in the SUN even when it isn’t shining, I believe in LOVE even when I don’t feel it, and I believe in GOD even when he is silent.
I'll be damned if believers aren't the best band in Columbia
Proud of my guy , who threw a no-hitter in the home talent league season opener today
glad we got to put on a show for you two, and reality meet you!
Side note: You mean to tell me that Andrew Luck doesn't have an Android or iPhone?
we have more than 10,000 photos of our trips for our t.v. show and are taking the best and putting them into a book. whew!
You are such a damn sweet talker! No wonder all the ladies love you!! Titanic next??
Heard the event went really well last night Sorry I wasn't able to be there.
Nothing like a little Earthball on a Friday afternoon
tell me why this old ass granny lady flipped me the bird cuz i honked the horn at her for standing in the middle of the walmart parkn lane
the road you choose to follow in your life may twist , turn and fork but what you do on that road makes us who you are.
"Turn To You is decicated to Selena" So Justin came out of Selena's vagina. Haha NO
Why does it look so dark outside?
no hype I'm fareal
Why kobe not touching the ball on every possesion
I mean some people just settle for less Sis but u and I know I'm that good good mane lol
for the 2 things you've done? People are going to get paid but thanks for making my choice easier. Coming to get your keys today.
t live your picture
i need a twitter best friend.......
okaaaysss I will !
didn't hear that. That Guy is such a fool! Makes you wonder what he thought after he saw it on TV
Ha - asked hubby to grab a vitamin water for me (lunch) and he brought home "focus"
he pressed the report spam button
#jamaica's los angeles soccer team one world united fc is practicing their moves for the
I just updated my site via weebly: check it out!
When homophobia meets schizophrenia.
We're scared to ask what movie you're referring to. But since we love movies - what movie are you talking about?
Shower time
Marry Christmas, Merry Christmas! HAHAHAHa!
Sleep time... be safe out there support Platinum Posts by checking out our page... www.platinumposts.com thanks! -Platinum Posts
It's our PO box for everything fan mail :]
I mean, if you're going to go football, go Rudy, ATLEAST. But Hoosiers is a natural. Idiotic. What the hell was that, anyway?
Thank you, Chad & Xavier!!
Don't approach me smelling like u ate a Buffet of nothing but pussy
Yay! Can't wait to see you again. I'll be down on Tuesday.
Yes! Steelers
RT Signal your interest and offer to help!
just watched your new music video...love love love just love it! You are truly amazing and talented. <3
I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
Last week of the sem. Doctoral study in opening stages. Second semester has to be ready by Monday. Aarrrgh. Anxiety sucks!
Congrats on a clutch OT win for your Pacers. Arena sounded LOUD on tv! Looked full too
too bad it's the flyers. Do any of them have front teeth?
We will be live tweeting the Shelby County mayoral debate and the extended 30-minutes focused on children's issues tonight from 6-7:30 p.m.
ha you're welcome:)
I can't wait until genetic experimentation is widespread. The idea of having mutant henchmen do my work is too promising.
But I guess it doesn't matter if you are fake have no real friends as long as you're fucking popular.
Wonderful dinner tonight. Thank you for creating an amazing restaurant. Just class and totally divine.
"dont have sex, cause you will get pregnant and die."
miss u too! U need to come visit!
Joe Nathan has 2 losses on the season. The Rangers have only 2 losses on the season. Joe Nathan plays for the Rangers
haha:) awww yes I will definitely try to talk my mom into lettin me!
If only Orioles fans could put some of that energy they expend hating me into something more useful... like washing my blimp.
I wonder if thisll make it on the live feed
it's okay.. It's been awhile now
Best of luck! Only a few more finals left until summer.
u think that's something? read this! NOOSE abuse! FL BZ SUED FOR THREATENING BL WKR W NOOSE follow me, JJ julieforjobs.blogspot
Drove my wife's car last night and listened to Philly's "Rumba Club" which has been lost in her CD player. LOVE the CD. Rumbero soy.
RT Launching several new menu items this weekend! Come check the deck!
do you guys think i can borrow the 7d for my journey? i promise to be super nice and bring y'all lavish gifts :) thx
#IThoughtYouWereCuteUntil your cockiness came out.
Yeah, about a third of my mentions are gone, and I have zero messages now :-/
Body sore from the move but my mind's at ease...thank u Lord 4 this Sunday morning ...
Who wants Colts Cheerleaders in front of Lucas Oil Stadium as you run/walk by?!
I am a very experienced driver, and I'm not old enough to go into the bar and proud of it lol
#MFL in the Building! Club G5 next time u in that motha fucka ask DJ Fat Boy to Drop That Bad Bad Bitch!
It's almost June and I "need a sweater or jacket to be comfortable"...I am so ready for summer to come and stay awhile!
glad to have you join then, glad you're still here raising bloody hell.
um, first of all you did respond and second you did say ikr lolololol
Big fan of the book! :)
It seems like every time I log on Twitter there is a trend about Justin Bieber.
#FF , , , : Thank you for following. Wishing you the best for the Holidays.
I would love to see a report on how american living overseas have to pay taxes whiles busineseses do not.
You don't know how stressed I am right now...//:
#weather is kinda creepy here in #Indiana!!
Deals On Posters All Weekend! Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!!! The on Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!!
I hate acronyms with every part of my soul. If you don't KNOW that I know your stupid acronym, TYPE IT THE FUCK OUT
Why would you win? Sage has better hair.
It going down nov 17 at the king of diamonds guest Ray J live in the buliding
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
I'm busier than Michael Jackson in a day care center
Newsflash: Two terriers can polish off 1/4 lb of Maytag blue cheese in about 2 seconds flat.
Honor the
Swing by for a drink this weekend!!!
Yes she did. My moms friend said she closed the shop down & opened two donut shops. The blasphemy!
is the dopest female rapper in my city hands down
thunder got it i think
My first leg is done
Bitch mama should have swallowed her!
Austin tries his best to notice all his fans! RT if you love him for that. ♥
Follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." - Steve Jobs
Gonna coach some football?
RT : I know some are talking up Ron Wilson, Part Deux, in D.C., but I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for that to happen.
WRONG! but it does smell good left in the car RT : "I feel like I could never get sick of Subway. That shit is so good!!"-Jessie
gonna put this video on YOUTUBE n a minute,jus somethin 2 do while im finishin up the new mixtape!
Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.
Your day is coming. When it does, you will crush your enemies and feast on their flesh. Or you might just get an ice cream sundae.
wow that looks great, can't wait for it.
Just purchased my package and the new At Bat 2012 app! Ecstatic for the 2012 season you ready?!
I'm on the hunt for a few good homemade ginger drink recipes. So far, a lot of them call for tons of sugar though.
I got, like, eight free CD's thanks to #RecordStoreDay. I'm listening to one right now, and it's pretty great.
k cool so don't front for twitter like that!
This! RT : Q1 effective searching methods, coupled with good cataloging practice
Me Does that shirt say Goldcoast Australia?!!? Grama Ya, i got it like 60 years- let me guess, you want it? Me Oh gramma you should have! :)
yeah... Mine suck. HARD.
absolutely - been to Pueblo and/or CS like 3 dozen times, never been to Pikes Peak or Royal Gorge. Took my mom & uncle visiting.
Is Guardiola mental playing that formation against Chelsea? Hmm....I originally went for 4-0 Barca this leg but they might be too attacking
we played bellarmine up there but two games got rained out so we are playing them here tomorrow
As it should be. RT : At church gig; rocking some epic bVII cadences.
So stoked for Big Eddy tasting here tomorrow
Ottay, i hope your day gets better. (:
Therapy dogs on the Quad today from 11am-1pm. Get rid of pre-exam stress!
from wat I hear....yes it's true but I'm not that sure if it's true!
call my mothers phone assap.
Oh no! The Magic School Bus just got eaten by a tuna fish!!
Dangling little kids at the Pepsi center in t minus 1hr
RT : standing with #ows. Thanx, from one vet to many others!
I been good. In the books as usual tryna get out of here. How are you?
Seems like a nice day to fly a kite. Think I'll take the kiddos out after work ... as long as it doesn't rain!
First person to use coupon code 'sixty' gets 60% off wwwmlasvegashcg.com
Check out , an eco-friendly line of stylish handcrafted shoes with soles made from recycled tires.
hell no you are way better looking than brandi!!!! ;)
i <3 #silentlibrary its soo funny what they make these people do!
Who would've expected BHO to check his bio for a book. He was a prolific book writer in 1991 & before, no? 1st time & he ignores bio, right.
everyone is going to prom besides me ya I'm lame..
Errone is blowing up my phone right now.
had a bad day today, how about a follow to cheer me up ? xx
He hurts me everyday and doesn't know. He talks to me as if he did nothing. He made me cry.
Why did I just look and she was like 
thanks for the support! And yes, I'm very excited to be able to play in Manila :)
After a long journey, ‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s train pulls into Washington DC. His friends see him in the window of the train and wave.
My friends all ask just why I want to change, and all that I can say is it's all because of her
For the record, the radio station did credit as the source of the story, and was complimentary of
For some reason Digging Your Scene by the Blow Monkeys keeps playing in my mind.
All only season passes will be honored at for the rest of the season! There's still time and new snow!
Come to the QBar tonight for 50% food and drink specials, and music from the one and only DJ Dizzan!!!!! It's going to be awesome! 6pm-close
I have come to realize that our greatest accomplishments were brought about not by effort and drive but by the strength of surrender.
Happy Birthday!!
Curry + Lunch = Smiles! You like to SMILE, right?
T - 3 days until ! We'll be following the events on #socialmedia. Are you going? What are you looking forward to the most?
And we have snow. Wine? Check. New movie? Check. Christmas tree? Check.
painting mah nails,(:
Are you ok?
your so hot lol
i think that would be more the logistics of display. silly businessman, hippos can't fit through tiny doors.
hey u follow ppl bak ill follow them and f4fs ok
Let's go Pens and Kings!!
When life is perfect, keep a positive mentality and do anything that you need to do so it stays perfect.. :)
Ready in 10 minutes?
Boy swimmers, god dayyuumm they are cute ;)
from the only customer at the price cutter grocery store in rockwell arkansas, happy thanksgiving!
These men at this lounge
Two holiday shows added in pittsburgh! November 12th and December 22nd headliner!! Come out!
Is your phone dirty? We love your phone just as much as you do, let us show you by giving your phone a shine with our free phone detailing
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates. Looking to book orders:
Just received a shipment of my albums tonight.
I am so happy for Oprah. What a woman. What an example. I think her for giving God all the glory. It was a wonderful testimony.
Agreed. She's always engaging & smart. RT Jackie Macmullan, by far the best moderator yet
Where you wanna vaca?
Boot Camp today at 12:15, be sure to bring water Steve Armstrong is teaching class. STOP back tonight for round two at 7pm with Steve
I don't understand why you have to wake up so early on Christmas. The presents are still going to be there when you get up.....
he's got an excellent point Jon.
RT : I hate sunday nights
RIP Jennings Osbourne, the biggest philanthropist from Ark not named Walton. Thanks for your contributions to our state and the Razorbacks!
So glad I have a #uverse service appointment today. Woke up to no internet and TV signal.
you are SO welcome! Cute pic :D It was great hanging out with you ! :D
where you watching the fight at?
Just released- THUNDER OF THE EAST- a documentary following the UB marching band through their 2010 season. See it at primalcine.com
Where are you hanging out? and I need to say hello to the big radio star!
Today I am working hard to get sponsors and promoting the #WalkAcrossAmerica. Also pray for n my absence. Thanks everybody!
I KNOW!! I was smiling looking at those sixty degree temps coming up. Best of all - sun and cool. :)
Back on set. Pick ups, late nights. Good times.
you were born with your hat on too, right?
Increase in "Flaring" Tied to Pipeline Shortages: by Minjae Park With oil production on the rise in Texas, drilling companies are inc...
Sadly I will never stop being your fool.
Ha everyone getting tats.. but wen ya get older u going to be like wtf why i get this shit.. all ya tats going to be faded and saggy lool
You are so welcome & so rite.... This message has taught me!...much love & keep him alive, cause I will
well if it wasn't for you messing up!
why? I got used to vi some time ago, just 'cause I could, but haven't had to explore recently.
My daughter just woke up and said to me, good morning sunshine! That just made my day : D
Once saw "kill whits" sprayed on a bridge in the hood. But "Death to Juice" is even better. Maybe he means O.J. Simpson.
lol, when arent you hungry or eating? ;)
Kingdom Builders on norfolk
Super Resource - Best Direct Payday Lenders handpicked and compared! www.loans-from-home.com
We need Pine proof.
Is that a brag or apology?
stop watching the news!!
Kirk Douglas is charming. And he'll be responsible for this #Oscars show being longer than a Jerry Lewis Telethon.
RT Via- Follow these great peeps
I need to get it shipped you want to go with the grey??
naw bro! say it to my face bro
I will be getting Batman, Nightwing, Red Hood, Catwoman, Justice League, SuperGirl and some Wonder Woman. Just a few books
Born with the mind of a winner
So excited for orientation at University of Florida on the 17th and 18th!!!
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble. ~ Rudyard Kipling
hi world <3
didn't you get use to that after banking?
It will be a long 4 hours!
It's just ridiculous, and tragedies like this can result from it.
Sneak preview of new book: "Redesigning with Personality" - Great read, written by - can't wait for the book!
Will ... it should be motive, impulse, incentive, and intimation
we will bring a special cup just for you! Thanks for joining us today
To the Cougar at Half Pints. Bravo, honey on your young man. I wanted to high five you. ;-)
Young lightskin rapper, so under appreciated but talent is up there with
I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without dreams and desires. -Khalil Gibran
I deal with the most stupid fuckery niggas.
so tired
man where is George Clooney and Brad Pitt when you need them??
yes, but for this season...season 8 already announced girl!
**zombie walk from bed to bathroom. Bathroom to bed.
Higher Than astronaut nuts!! #$kolar
Both. Why would it be important for you as a patent to provide your child with a Catholic education.
It's no wonder you've been coveting this scarf -- it's fantastic!
When I'm single it gives me time to think of what kind of girl I want and what kind I don't want
LMFAO. Just listed on Megan Phelps Ropers list of people doomed to Hell. Ohmigod I am one of the privileged few.
wow o_o ok2 peoples are say to me:indonesian languages!do it:)
loved seeing you!! Sing out tonight girrl!
heard it on made me so mad.
thanks for the mention! your post was fantastic - I will def. order the book - and share it and your post with my team
If you don't have time to make hamantaschen from scratch, Lax & Mandel has take and bake kits for Purim.
Last tweet was courtesy of
Everyone headed to the #V-TwinExpo #DRIVESAFE! We can't wait to talk with fellow riders and check everything out. See you there!
LET'S GET the REVOLUTION moving. COME ON PEOPLE TALK TO ME!! COMMENTS? SUPPORT?? HELP?? www.politicalperceptions.weebly.com
swagg I am about to go get some!
I think it's safe to say that THEhotel is now just about tops on my hotel list. This place is spoiling me.
how cool would it be if you gave me a shout out on YouTube!!!!!! :D
After lots of crying, I managed to snag a ticket to on June 11.
Did you and Dan get your tickets for I/O? I got one, looks like Kalie didn't.
/ Such company! Thanks!
Im glad i have the hard copy cuz i cant get it on my phone cuz i have an android:( #UnderratedEP still pumped<21
thanks, Greg!
Free smiley
lmao we hate the same bitches!
it's just you and me Sam:)
mostly play, but some work
Just had a flashback to my freshman year in HS. Small academy. I was the *only* one w/ braces-from 14-16, then retainers.
well...fuck that
Check out the first #hashup in the midwest in Milwaukee Feb 1st Free event details coming Monday
Hope everything is good buddy! Go & #FearTheDeer&Beer
#12ntc Just saw our mashup of iconic local films that'll be the backdrop at #NTCSFParty. So glad to live in SF!
you found me
. congrats on your top-10 finish this week in Mexico!
reading Boeing Renton facilities case study and trying to make comparisons with agile software development and facilities
Slept all day after work and I completely forgot about the vote taking place today in NC. what terrible news to wake up to.
Maybe there are a few good people left in this world..
LETS GET TO IT
winner! DM me yr email address.
Head over to for the #pens game tonight at 7:30!
bright side of opening tue. hopefully i dont work monday nights! i hate mondays
I wish i actually had the guts to talk to him!!!!
ya. way to stay positive dude. even tho u predict sharks in 6. so ur kinda contradicting urself.......
: extra application DONE! That was easy. I obviously mentioned my awesome dog in the "special skillz" section.
Always a good night at the club with the girls when I find $5 on the floor & they play some #hyphy music yeeeee
he's such a good brother :)
Yes, that is Rainy
Sex while you're Drunk/ High > > > >
Cookie crumble frap
My pleasure, Gerardo--and greetings to you as well!
I felt guilty for sitting on the side & checking my phone at the toddler gym until a lady showed up with her laptop, taking business calls.
I haven't even attempted to run a 7 minute mile since high school.
is lost without my laptop :-( I hope it comes home from the doctor soon!
Friday night?
Preparing for my solo host of Ujima TV. It's going to be a great show! Guest McDonald and Nelson
ight I feel ya
Still remember Gary Carter's home in the 1981 All Star game. A bomb
Happy birthday cammy cam!!! live it up!!!!
Be jealous.
You 10 people trying to get that $50 thats on the line.
Thanks for the follow. Enjoy the day wherever you are.
& all other Kokomo business twitters..Good morning!
awesome. There's plenty more where that came from -- I have a serious music habit.
NBA playoffs >
I'm hoping it will be!
Worried bout ya followers you need to get ya dollars up
I broke down to a 5yo's vocabulary and they still couldn't understand me.
What's CEO doing about violence in hospital? Ignoring it or taking it seriously? asks
I did all I could, and I gave everything. But you had to go your way, and that road was not for me.
For Triptych, the last band of the night, we have a mobile cam, operated by Dan! Party!! Http://massiverocketradio.com
What up my peoples? May be wed, but it's my Friday bitches! Just have to get through this day without wanting to tazer someone.
Hey Lil Bro, thanks for the follow.
Wednesday is Military Day at the Kilt ALL DAY. Play Call of Duty: Black Ops, Gears of War, and more on XBox Live and enjoy HH pricing w/ ID!
Wish I could be there. Left #devlearn right after the expo ended.
YEAH. and im gonna make him sleep with me on my bed. hahahha
Those WNBA commercials during the Bulls game were great comedic relief however they weren't enough to lighten my mood after that awful loss.
Can't wait, Chet. I know it's going to be great :-)
what month can we expect a twitpic?
this is how I was produced! Imagine if it never happened, I would be non-existant. That is a scary thought!!
ugh now I gotta buy 4
The louder they shout...
I KNOW
Still under the weather....but you know I'm still grinding! How are you holding?
GUYS! i'll meet one direction this summer and i'm doing a scrapbook! who wants their twitter names in it so they can follow you??? :)
PSA - Reading from your iPad when tired is not a good time to hold said iPad above your head. It just might fall on your nose. Ouch.
Did something infuriatingly ill-conceived to my netbook last night. Figured out a fix. Now I feel better than before.
this is true good sir
You can't stop a pig from wallowing in the mud...Yoruba Proverb.
#fridayreads (audio) Bath Tangle by Georgette Heyer. Printing reading = textbooks. :-(
Finishing up some last-minute details for our Launch Event tonight - can't wait to celebrate!
yea! it was too long!
you were always beautiful!
so.. apparently, to fail math this year, you have to TRY & TRY HARD. that's a relief.. and slightly scary..
Happy birthday hitler u ass!! --- how ever happy 4/20 world!!
Apple Cinnamon. Works, oddly.
My 2.5 year old son just refered to his collection of #HotWheels #Lamborghinis as a delegation. No idea where he got that word!
Gotta book a ticket to LA again! See if I can get more than 1 agent meeting set up this time!
CHECK OUR FACEBOOK PAGE! SEARCH: ExpreSSion..eMotion is Power..." to check out the OFFICAL TEASER FLYER! :)
haha, being single is fun! Wayy better than being stressed over a guy! :)
SF Y U So windy?
Fri. night at the Electric co. 820 San Pedro Steve will be hostin & ill be mixin all night...75. Cent wells till 11pm
love it. Looks damn good!
Develop a passion for saying, "Thank you."
Public hearing over #mbta #Tcuts proceeded functionally enough in overflow room--once space was found & a microphone set up.
Most beautiful day ever, best way to end midterms and begin spring break!! :)
when I watch something like stars and stripes forever, I wonder why anyone who isn't me would watch it. it's hilarious but it's about Sousa…
Grateful this morning for reminders of what's true. So easy to get distracted and off course.
Learning trivia gives you a new perspective on the world!
You're such an inspiration to me, and I don't think I've been able to love someone as much as I love you... Thank you.
THE AVENGERS. I wanna see it. THEY GO HARD.
Boy I wish I could but my heart belongs to someone else... Someday :/
cant sleep!!
what kind of promotion r we talking bout
I love dry shampoo! Glad you liked the shirt and scarf! So cute!
#schoolmemories naps where so badass. Especially 1st -3rd period 'cause I stayed in the same class and I had that classes for 3 years -_-
Ahahha. Listen to the live version of Boyfriend. Or Payphone by Maroon 5. STILL stuck in my head.
wish there was a like button on twitter some times!
RT this morning i realized that in 2 weeks my drive will b brightened w/hundreds of balloons in the sky.
" the raiders select sebasation janakowski Florida state"
whoa which CVS? All I want are some Cajun Crawtators now!
Celebrate INDEPENDENCE!!!
Network with Indy media professionals at the next meeting on April 7! Location TBA soon!
shout outs to everyone who hit the show in PDX last night kept it positive and super Hyphy
baby you're a star, i just wanna show you, you are
get them out of there you deserve to be comfortable
Back to business
RunKeeper is a free app (RunMeter is better, but is iPhone only and costs $3). Set up intervals. Run fast, recover. Repeat.
no more PD depredations likely to pass Congress soon.
Event tweeting: promote, have team ready; establish & use specific hashtag; encourage attendees to tweet.
Almost time to kill this packed room of ivy leaguers. Get ready Princeton University. Hope you brought your roller skates. Fuckers.
every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy! Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Heading to ACL. A good Saturday.
I never wanna take that final look. I'll turn another page, won't close the book.
I just saw the Harvard Baseball team sang "here's my cell number, call me maybe"....that explains it...I'm not smart enough to understand
RT “: It's a shame you couldnt keep those promises you made to me, Tellin' me you would never do me wrong.”
congrats on your deal, glad to see a local guy succeed.
Anywhere but here, that's where I want to be
all I really need is a "a dock usually opens here [at this time of day] in about N minutes" stat
Life can be so unfair. Why do the nicest people get treated wrong
I haven't gotten that far yet!
For those that are asking for a follow back, i can't cuz i'm still on follow limit sorry :/
You bite your tongue. That man is single and ready to mingle. Jeter does no wrong!
enjoy today man... get pumped tomorrow!
Tell me about it. Ripe for abuse.
saw some 4 or 5 foot tall foam core the other day and though of you.
Have fun!
So proud of our military, CIA, president, and anybody who was fortunate enough to have a hand in this. Thank you for killing this scumbag!
about to get krunk on everclear this weekend!
I guess I'm emo now
Living the straight life, so all can see, as I prosper and walk straight, I live happily.
RT : More than $70Bn in metals are discarded in e-waste per yr. [That's abhorrent.]
Yo I'm lounging in a hammock !
I'm the person who's here for everyone else & is strong enough to handle everything all at once but who's here for me when I can't? I broke
Watched Paranormal Activity earlier. Can't anyone out there make a genuinely frightening horror film anymore? #rosemary'sbaby
I believe so! Check documentary.org
but healthy!
warm it up and I'll come back to visit.
Selena is soo Lucky to have someone like Justin..
Now on to the WM graduation...
Can't wait to see some posts!!
Interesting PD session: Staff self-selected groups by personality type. All in the "Knowledge Seeker" group are miserable/leaving teaching.
RT : Always make sure to be nice to everyone bc you never know who will have your back when you least expect it
Mama Martin thinks Geno is a cutie... Lay off mom.
#fb Who feels like a nice cool drink. Better yet a free "Iced Coffee." Twitter followers and FB fans come in and get yours today. BOOST22
We're so glad we were able to help out! Thanks!
Thanks, will certainly check you out!
+1 RT : The freakout Francois Hollande is provoking amidst the editors of The Economist is well worth the price of admission.
Love146 V-Neck and Crew shirts are back in stock!
I want to follow me cause he's awesome like that.
we will have a TON of salary cap room.....
: : what else is there to do .bored to tears.laying on ice hope u all r hangin in
JFK ...make the world safe for diversity.... this small plant."
Lololololololol that's random
Great picture! Have fun & let's go Yankees!
I agree
nothing worse than tweeting about suprising your gf with little presents.
Does anyone know a drastically out of shape (obese) person that would want a complete life transformation and lifestyle change? Contact me!
I did and I'm a happier tweeter for it.
High School Flyer Right Hurrrrr.
Haha, awesome! :-) // RT : Got some great comments & looks at my new "Dude, you should tweet that" T-Shirt
Let's go O's!
is it may 21st?
Oh, man, Shannon Drayer's insider report just now on 710 ESPN was so good. Should've heard it! Lol.. 👍
are you in Sarasota next week?
I just helped a faculty member use the Xerox machine.
thank you so much. it's all a bit surreal right now :)
I hate when u randomly wake up in the middle of the night then you go on twitter...
All of their music is based around the fact that teenagers with made up problems will relate to it.
So Makiah says to me, "I'm a diva and I need to get ready for my photo shoot"...well dang just let me excuse myself!!! #Helpme!
yes it was a joke a speaker made at the #pii2012 conference (not somethingI said)
SOME Parts Are .. Some Parts Are Ghetto . xD <#
it was a RT from BayBay so I felt compelled to RT
I am listening to Pat St. John on SiriusXM 50s on 5. This is music no longer played on terrestrial radio
Support it or deride it - the Occupy Wall Street event created many works of poetry - and they are on display in our grand staircase!
