I liked the revival of La Cage. The lead was great…I believe Douglas was his name.
Ha my mom thinks im staying here for college. Think again mother
It's been almost a year and no tweets. I'm fine. How are you?
Announcement: Lord K's vocal chords are now completely healed.
Klusoz was crazy last night!!!!! = Tonight we continue the party @ Bombay Ranch! Tonyc graduation party part 2 ( people might pass out)
He may not be perfect but he's perfect me i love all his imperfections they make him unique
Abita specials & giveaways, trivia Tuesday, Timmy Michelle & Sarah on the bar, laissez les bon temps rouler at the Mellow tonight!
Wouldn't you love to skip applying eyeliner everyday? Look and the befoe and after photos and think about it.
was wrong wiit that one
So Alex Gordon apparently hates winning?
oh that's right! hooray! tell him again, he's a little dense.
what is wrong with these people
Don't mention it buddaye RT Sorry this is taking so long.
The Poet of ComicVine is now #80!
"Out of pain comes creation"
#Tennessee benefits not payable on basis of services to individuals who provided services to/on behalf of edu institutions cc
No doubt non-classical... Yup, the definitions of genres are cloudy! My work is more like creations from the heart. Cheers!
Interpolation = in my concrete block one room home with 8 Mozambican orphans last season watching Daytona on Net. Bulging Eyes!
I really hope he sees it too. he deserves it hah
anything well.
as are you Crumpelstiltskin.
Who's celebrating birthday tomorrow at Savoy!? No excuses there's no school or work! RT RT
Is that "sturdy" or "dirty?" I'm only in the market for the former.
To view American Legacy's Mobile Truck Experience visit www.youtube.com/americanlegacymag.com today!
I gave a tour to 's Jackie Gaughan and his family today!
i need sum food real bad~~
needs to learn to be nice..
Sound of Things exhibit opens at the Oakland Museum of California- check it out - May 1-2, all day and night
#rtmediasummit jim iovino of nbc4 and arin greenwood of huffpo-Be cogniscent of what reporters want for story when pitching, make it easy
s/o to one of my best friends , i can talk to her about anything, she's the best, and really cool and funny too!
: Hahahaha. That was probably us. Oh man :)
New avatar for #Preakness ... me and 's Tiger Walk.
Did you hear the Los Angeles Community College District is building green & its one of the nation's largest green construction efforts
huichica, fyf, possibly outside lands and pickathon. So many great festival lineups this summer!
That hilarious moment when you fall and everyone thinks you're hurt but you are laughing
A Pimp Named Slick Back.
Dear Comrade, our operatives have been "following" you all along, and we haven't been too happy with your recent actions.
does #libleadership have any special characteristics related to it?
Who sends flowers on Valentines Day? Cupigs!
I think I'm so used to traveling that I get antsy when Im home. I feel glad to be back in my bunk.
Doing the right thing doesn't always feel right. Have a nasty feeling I may be a key player in 2 fellow employees quitting/getting fired.
WORK AT HOME TIP: Put a small amount of money aside regularly to help you through the "lean months."
Looking forward to watching pilot the No. 38 Great Clips Chevrolet to victory tonight. First of 3 wins for KK this weekend!
I wish i woulve seen Jason's nerd face!! Dangit i missed it 
“: You know I just voted yes for #SAGAFTRA merger ! #OneUnion” We share an urge to merge! Join us in voting YES!
Downloading The Devil Inside...let's see how scary it is
food stamps are not welfare. Welfare hasn't existed since the 90s.
Don't stop living because someone else chooses to be a quitter!
What a woman wants to do with her body is her business but what Ahmadinejad wants to do with nuclear weapons affects us all.
Love that the #Wizards had a players only meeting that was....15 minutes long. Yeah...had quite an impact.
I'm a WOMAN. I dont smoke, drink, or party every weekend. I don't sleep around or start drama
Best day ever!!! Accidentally got a little piece of bacon in my salad! 🐷🐷🐷
Ford Motor Company posts its strongest U.S. March sales in five years with 223,418 vehicles sold, a 5 percent sales increase over last March
Save time in the gym
maybe, now I have to pay more attention
Disney again tomorrow.
The #WellsFargo Here+Now 20Twelve is rocking with live band and a hype crowd! The excitement is out of this world!
It is for ALL clubs, designed for GOOGLE searches, need the club number and invite code - we set up the pages.
im going to grow my hair out you guys!!!! <3
Call for artists for Northeastern's 2012 interdisciplinary grad conference "Memory Remains." Send submissions to memoryremains2012
The grass in right field looks like its been photoshopped.
thanks Azalea :) I hope I'll grow to like it or get it fixed.. Or stop being so dramatic.
How old are you? You never know with them :p
The mention of bringing back Arrested Development as a result of listening to social feedback generated much applause. As it should.
Woah, just saw someone compare Herb Kohl's ownership of the Bucks with that of Al Davis and the Raiders. Not quite.
Thx! We're letting them know about the error -- Karen Greenberg joined Fordham Law in fall 2011
Great photo! Knowing it won't do the country or your trip justice, how would u describe visiting Vietnam in <140 characters?
exactly & with a boy theres LESS DRAMA !
Economics at eight.
anyone know how to sort msgs in the #newtwitter? mine appear in random order and it would be nice to sort them by date
Q: do you think im cute? A: i don't know you profile picture is a car so im guessing your a transformer;3
thanks for the follow ...i love you.
Life is so beautiful.
How about now?
It looks like will be a great event but it is misleading to call investments "prize money".
Coffee and studying.....?
#FF thanks! blog is solid.
Married With Children never gets old
seriously thanks. It's more fun when twitter isn't about yourself... Being new to twitter I needed to know that..
Peyton Manning- Indy's favorite son, we are proud of you and thankful for the best experience a sport could offer. Forever cheering our
"Carpe these nuts" -
I just want to enjoy my self is that to much to ask for
at work
If you don't follow
So tired
u look familiar... do we no eachotha
So we shouldn't get too excited. Regression to the mean. What's your theory as to why he's so good in April? Batters timing?
Omg. Your smile.<3
Haha yeah, yeah- we love it! I never thought we would go as often as we do living in Louisiana
is currently singing to the little mermaid...
First sky dive experience - amazing!!!! What a rush!
Welp getting braces next week!
The Literary Love Poem contest at is on 2/29!
<--- Is being given the silent treatment. lol
I did not know was an Aries & she's one of my best friend.
#ATSU Faculty: Respondus 4.0 is now available to you in your Downloads folder within the Portal. The new version is worth the download!
RT God turn the heat down
Shots Shots Shots !
!!! RT : I don't know how to express my feelings for shit
People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get. Frederick Douglass (1817 - 1895)
love you seeeester ❤
Just watched my cofounder kill it at #vatorsplash --- go !
Instead, fear the Lord and turn away from evil..
you pee your bed
running around promotin the show!!!! just got home to do homework!!! BOO!!! can't wait for pract. tonight!!!
At the lab with the best of em#dream stodeo
Can't ever sleep in this town.
for your mktg peeps: MT is looking to fill 2 marketing specialists and 2 sales positions immediately fb.me/16QGJwMos
she wants yours too, apparently she cant fill out a restraining order form without it.
I have no patience for those who constantly waste my time. Be about your business
Inspired by you, looking for my way to serve that fills me up too!
It's often the small things - like a warm chai tea on a very chilly morning :-)
Awesome, thanks! :)
You say you want 3 we can meet at the Valero..
- Learned a lot. So inspired to hear your talk. Hoping for greater #accountability in #wash and
This dude thinks my twitters fake lmao!
Long night
lol. No. I seriously have been a 49ers fan since the days of Ronnie Lott and them back in the day.
you identify T. Murphy as a Dem in your story rather than a Republican...
Done! Sorry 'bout that.
Inter Caesa et Porrecta => There's many a slip twixt cup and lip
I always say I'm gonna go to bed early but I never do.
#mercadito #fail on service. Good on food.
Thanks for the link. (Love - use it everyday!)
my pleasure! So great to meet you today!
Me: "one of the chicken strips looked like Steven Tyler" My mom: "it did?" Me: "yeah, it looked like a dirty old man"
looked crazy...I am not a camping kind of girl ;)
What are the new rules for "calling" someone after a date in a world with Twitter, MySpace, Facebook, email, blogs, and RSS feeds?
Cheesy grits and honey!
Besides me, who is going snowboarding at Bear Mountain tomorrow???
Good night sweet dreams talk to u later! Luv all U!!
like wht text me
Cristina + her dog = some of my favorite tweets! RT : I just saw my dog smile while sleeping. My life is complete.
Broken down just outside of DC. Who needs brakes??
#FF #FollowFriday Kelley Currie Random tweeting about Asia (mostly China), human rights, democracy and US politics
If beard were an animal, it would undoubtedly have zero natural predators and every living organism would be its natural prey.
How did they respond?
Pretty cool .... I'm programming iPhone 5 and iPad 3 apps ... yeah youtube.com/watch?v=3UytiX…
Still dreaming of amazing food on the streets of Denver - need that cart!
Well, I'm relieved I got behind on This American Life and never listened to the Apple episode.
What's everyone doing for the Superbowl? Hope you all have a great night!
To Weed Or Not To Wed (:
No matter how long I've been in racing, the four wide salute to the fans never gets old.
Body lookn like Milk
But iv been just so busy. :o
As their upcoming IPO is reportedly estimated to raise $2B to $7B; probably too large to bite off as an aqu. for most cmpnies
I've Got a Feelin that 2day's gonna be a GOOD DAY! #TPC, Family & Friends...def a GOOD DAY!
My skin right now <<<
Roses are red, Violets are blue. So were my eyes... When you said I love you <3 (HUH. Sounded better in my head..)
Bring Back Ringer 12
lmfao i know she was like my favorite flavor of Popsicle is DICK
haha oh yeah, I can't complain! And I get to come back tomorrow! Hype hype hype
yeah same here
Thanks Detroit for an Amazing Show!!! #MSU Swangers!
A hug is a powerful thing to some people,
Was sleep woke back up fuck im tired
Everyone just relax. ✌
“: Vikings Stadium bill passes full senate 38 - 28. "
I 2nd that!
hm lets get to planning on some mountain moves! you in?
Have a great parade - I gots to work.
Pay attention to detail, do the little things - they make the biggest difference
82 degrees in Long Beach right now! looks like another perfect weekend for hydrobiking! call 562-546-2493 to reserve a ride!
:) RT : Have you seen the new Verlo mismatch commercial? It stars Nice!!
When your heart is broken, your boats are burned: nothing matters any more. It is the end of happiness and the beginning of peace. --GBShaw
let's be honest, would you rather have him or the McMoxie-Bolden-Jones holy triumvirate, though?
Thanks to everyone who made the cooking demo a success! We will be offering a FREE cooking demo and tasting each month!
I wanna know!!!:D
I weigh 2.82 Firkin! I better lose a stone.
Today we begin working on a fashion photo-shoot for the upcoming summer campaign of a top department store, February 27-29.
all you had to do was say you wanted me instead of subtweetin' me ;) jk!
yep. Gave a talk yesterday. You down here?
Any of my PR friends out there looking for a #prjobs? We have a position open at the SAE level. DM me.
Usually yes
yessir you should stop by tomorrow night. Several Brewers will be there, George Kottaras is guest bartending.
OH SHE KNOW...I TOLD HER QUIT TALKING THAT MESS TO ME "pounds first in hand"
RT "NO SORRY, SANTORUM, YOU MUST CARRY YOUR DEAD PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN TO FULL TERM."
I like how you're a bitch now
hehehhe I got one of those from my mom!
No, not really. But it was a milestone I never thought I'd reach. So I was shocked when I did. And I miss it is all.
i love this!! next show will u know all the words? :)
so sorry you went to the box too many times this week.
Have what it takes to be the next best thing? Head to VC 3-270 and audition for Baruch's Got Talent competition from 12:30 - 2:30 today!
You didn't have to stoop so low..
What would you say if i told you i love you ??? love your songs ! good ! i kno im jst a fan but I LOVE YOU lol
Pac-12 might as well just start the season on March 7th next year.
Praying for your precious daughter and family! So concerned.
So what do users expect out of I.T.? Glad you asked:
name dropped
Sorry, Andrew Luck. Looks like Tebow will be the first pick this year.
Do you think Sherlock reads John's emails to girlfriends? Oh, poor John.
Good luck!!
#osamabinladen We are researching here to figure out why buried at sea? speculates it was to keep from him getting exhumed
Chump Car racing today and tomorrow.... Who's planning to be there?
you Rock
practice tonight at Temple track, then hopefully back in time to see final minutes of a SWEEP
Which areas of your home are usually the busiest, and how do you try to protect your flooring in these high traffic zones?
Hatred is an affair of the heart; contempt that of the head.
i miss ANGELO!!
Wow! RT 25 Billion Apps Downloaded From the Apple App Store
Wonderful candidates forum tonight! Thanks so much to everyone that attended.
I think you're right
#HowToAnnoyYourServer sit on your Bluetooth for 20 minutes while I'm waiting for take your order. And wave me away when I check on you.
She didn't look nothing like her avi lmao
we would like a tweetboard at our event tonight at Maria Maria. Do we have enough time to set up by 7?
My family is too much right now!!
aw thanks <3
If you don't design your own life plan you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Usually not much.Rohn
Spring break!!!!! Yes!!! Fighting next week in Houston. Ready to stay up late and play video games!!!!
Gorgeous day out! So what time is it supposed to snow?
what is this?
You inspire me to dance! And i love you and I love the #ROAMMusicVideo ! <3 xoxo
forecast here is high of 49, no rain, which is perfect for New York City Marathon runners, not the spectators
Oh. Duh!
's new icon is so cutee! He has such a cute nosee<333 lmfaoo
lol ok good now no one has to worry
But they playing the Lakers tho lol RT : These are the type of games I live to watch❕ OKC vs LAC🏀
ahaha awesome! I'ma see if i can swing a geetar bag, too...
Apparently average offensive skills, a couple of flakey goals, and a lot of horrible defensive play means big bucks these days.
Hi all. Happy that you are following. Thank you:
There are weirder things. More bananas for me! But I don't like banana pudding, so we're even.
And the 'Its okay we still got rings' tweets will commence in 5..4..3..2..1.......
you betta stop and scoop up some tacos...
hi c:
FINALLY in the theater for #MidnightHungerGames. Got an awesome seat! I'm so STOKED! Let the games begin.
“ This year can be your year of "thriving" instead of "striving." The key is living in God's grace and power, not your own.”
Not even pretending to be able to deal with this rush hour traffic
haha I get paid in kentucky
Great int by Rambo in OT for the
At S+J hideaway for turkey day dinner. So grateful for great friends to share Thanksgiving with (and partake in cranberry digestif later) ;)
is there a T3 event tonight?
That's awesome girl :) Are you competing in kick next year?!
why are you so fucking flawless
their cheddar chicken on Wednesday is fantastic!
come with yeah?
#3WordsOfAdvice don't be fake!
Wear that on Wednesday!
Haha, Facebook thinks I'm actually friends with the people I add. Cute <3
I say thee nay!
Fighting jet lag via eating a macaroon every time my eyelids start to close
Almost time-see you at "To Be Heard" tonight 7pm-kicking off our doc series!
hope I win!! This would be amazing! :)
are you coming Saturday or what?!?!? :)
I totally agree!
miss you you stunnerr!!!
Hard to believe no one has invented a riding vacuum cleaner with refrigerated keg holder and wireless ESPN.
Midnight Strikes Midtown; $95 open bar, complimentary toast at midnight, and great music by Kidd Star!
Great job Brad! Roll Tide!!
maybe we could do both
your freeweights? why were they using the 2.5s?
what are you doing???
Any cheesesteak $5 continues until 3pm today at the store Alta/Decatur. Not too late to get you cheez on!
Glimpsed Space Shuttle Discovery from the bus this morning. Amazing sight.
TWITTER'D!!!1
Another great #SFGiants game.
wats ya email
no problem not celebrating today doing work stuff
Dang, Bruno Mars killed it.. I need to find a new look or quit. Fml
Ladies, just a thought, if your feet have a bad toenail to toemeat ratio.... DO NOT WEAR SANDALS!! Thank You
kind of sounds like that song john doe but its cute i like it...
The worst part is, is that you actually mean that. *barfs*
Indeed. What you up to, ?
Realized was pretty mean in this season. But she wanted it so...
is open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. today. 13,000 new and used books for your reading pleasure.
Stomach is aching this morning. Probably because I was the one who cooked dinner last night.
You're welcome! RT watched a show & suddenly remebered yr lecture in Örebro. totally related to yr words THANKS
Isn't it wonderful?! Windows open here and the scent of fresh cut grass- very happy. But you're still neurotic and I love it.
I got heartburn :(
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Tampa -Friday Special. Call NOW
"Decision Points" by George Bu-...oh it's #englishmajordrinks nevermind...
Awesome side benefit of being at #asecs12. So many new Twitter and Facebook friends!
doing anything to enjoy the weather today?
In rehearsal...at
Thanks, man. US has to knock down the outside looks. Long rebounds = transition hoops for the Orange = typical disgusting display
I can get you tagged with one of those mircotracking chips if you'd like
approaching Lincoln Square.
Lady Gaga branded karaoke app for the iPhone/iTouch hits the Apple itunes app store on Monday, 11/23. Be one of the first to get your copy!!
gotta give her props she aint quittin on that shit haha she making that sub look hella stupid!!
will do
I so agree. This needs to stop. No one should feel that suicide is an option.
You still mean everything to me, but you're just not worth the fight anymore."
haha so good!
heading to telluride next week for the bluegrass fest so cant make it -- tell everyone i said hello!
<--- I know of at least one that's jealous.
that is my ex roommate...but I was too busy to complete task...so usually just ended up getting door shut
would you be interested in instructing? it's a week long in august.
My grandfather had a portable one. I wish I had it today.
hope your weekend is rad!
The presentation to the doctors at Hasbro went well. Hope to get a copy of the video to share
Looking forward to tonight's episode of #HardcorePawn and you yet again being better than Seth. Go #teamashley. :-)
Hate when he keeps tryin to get back with me for the 4th time, just stop bro. Enought is enought.
#PunxsutawneyRomney will hide for 6 More Months! "Only The Shadow Knows!" Boo!
Miss you more mama. Sending hugs and kisses to you and my beautiful girls!!!
Good luck with that(:
Mom and dad just signed me up for advanced puppy classes at I am so excited to go learn and play!
bout time i tweet lol
I just went on an did it today, you just add it on.
LOVE when Olivia does that head nod after she completes a sentence!
Morning Twitter folks
Sounds like a good time! RT Can't wait to introduce to a breakfast buzz smoothie when we come for the Color Run..
why? You would do the exact same thing...
can I talk to you??
or rather, Monday. forgot I'm working it from home tomorrow. Lulz.
Thank you Patsy! I'm thrilled you enjoyed it.
YO KID WAKE YO BUTT UP AND GET ONLINE!!!!!
Apparently there were Aristotelian themes in Source Code. Thank goodness that there are précis to cause this kind of contemplation.
Restart #gnome-shell to clear transient notifications. That's an unexpected step.
This feeling is terrible, make it go away.
umm can I just say I can't wait for the movies?!
Raise your weapons...
RT The acoustics & acapellas in some of the songs is just amazing
My daddy's Carne Asada is the best! Always makes me proud!
uhh yeah. that sort of happened... xD
HAPPY SEVEN MONTH ANNIVERSARY, NATHANIEL. :)
hahah and blatantly peeing in the middle of the street
I love it!! I couldn't believe how young we looked.
I think to trend it must have # yes?
Saw a barely used board go for $20 last night. If it's anything like last night, today looks to be a great day at the Ski Patrol Ski Swap!
watching the mail vlog!!
florida a fun team to watch cause they light it up from three... should be a great game with marqu
most useless family in america!
Mass incarceration from a drug war is simply Bad policy.
at great American ball park! But besides that, in my living room on the big screen!
dont cry!! i know people that can fix that.
Thanks for the follow Chuck Bluestein (whizkid7)! :)
I was there for that...
I will be there!!!!!! And so will and We wouldn't miss it!
#buckeye football is back! #springgame #gobucks!
Great article- thanks for sharing Dallas!
May that's less copyright and enters a different realm and I'm using the wrong verbiage.
um my daughter is that a new tattoo?
Try a Chinese chair massage. Those guys dig in really deep to get the knots out.
That certainly does take half the cake. A-hem.
Be a Lady not a Bitch
Aw yea PSYCH!
Has a messier candy bar than Butterfinger been invented?
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come. ♥
kk im going to work on it promise bcuz ur friendship means the world to me :)
You could do the trendy thing and cheer for the underdog powerhouse: Boise State
#WeCantBeTogetherIf your paranoid
I'm talking about the thing where Jones and Ruth were the only ones.
#shahs that Ge Ge needs a good butt whoopin....
Sergie stopped replying.
I just have 1. I would b willing to let go of it, if I knew 1 of u would get it. I'm a huge thunder lightning fan
"It hurts me to think that you've ever cried." ~Niall Horan (Stand Up)
Ok good morning dollies n genties I just got up n I'm n pain but I love it cause its good pain...love working out...go veggi..got to love it
You still sound like crap!
RT : Could a crisis occur on Pinterest? Yes. Be prepared to respond to control chatter on all networks you have a presence...
you sure?
Annoyed..cuz when I get hit w/the bad, it really comes..nt a little at a time but it's kinda like the big bang...
Support Dining Out for Life tomorrow night between 5-8pm and 10% of sales will be donate to help local HIV and AIDS organizations
Driving to Irving. ETA 1:31 PM using - Social GPS.
It's your birthday? Happy!
Feel like shit today ..... Recieved awful news Thursday and i'm sick ..... Urghh!!!!
Social media will be a better marketing tool than email in 3-5 years -Ricky Choi
That's dog food and dry cat food. I want the Fancy Feast that is in the cupboard.
Jus so u kno I did produce fresco Kane aka gena new single "they do"....
lmmfao hahahahaha it's a jungle in there
Excuse me as I shoot this girl in the face.
Timothy Bradley Jr. defends #WBO junior welterweight title with 8th-round TKO of Joel Casamayor
Harry is already on LA?
#DCision12 and/or #DCPrimary I think
Okay I promise i'll write more!! just let me finish my math homework
Two years ago today I went to my first ever Taylor Swift concert. Little did I know then that that concert would change my life.
I never have, but I see it on the Travel Channel and Food Network all the time. Thus, realizing that my life is not complete
Talking about how we "like it," lol.
definitely interested in the test
Well thank you.... happy to be spending it with my family... but thanks to my bro, drinks a-plenty!
Time to watch what I eat... literally.
If I die young, bury me in satin. Lay me down on a bed of roses. Sink me in the river at dawn, send me away with the words of a love song.
Your sweet moon-beam, the smell of you in every single dream I dream.
Depends on what time zone ur in, it comes on at 7 for me, try 7 or 8 somewhere near
#RISD Annual Fund and Alumni Association are at iModules #Sizzler11 conference. Looking forward to better engaging with our alums!
Graduated 1 year ago today. It's amazing the things you can do in 365 days to change your life forever.
Great presentation by Shyam Sankar and the Palantir folks, and great to see their AnalyzeTheUS site.
For Christmas I want a semicolon and a switchblade comb.
Unless they win another title. Eventually they'll have to do a full week of shareholder meetings, lol
Guess who's hosting Hannity's radio program this evening? Our buddy, !
Build and be a constituency, move form the individual level to the collective when demanding that what works gets to scale
haha LOVE that episode :)
who are you and how did you get on my timeline?
...and the two radio stations are both local - WBAL-AM and 98 Rock. The TV stations sites are all run off the same basic template..
So I can be their official #TwitterJock for #SummerJamz15 June 23 at Chene Park ...get to hang with the DJs & meet the artists
. Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is now available in the kindle lending library.
great, no worries for you then! :D
Hey is a great marketing knowledge base as noted by in
What's sad is all I want to do is weigh myself right now to make myself feel better..
RT : Congrats to Bailey Kasten, Director of Operations! She was listed by as an #AmericanWonk!
My prediction is Tony Lucca. () That would make 2 for .
RT : Young Professionals Week is here. Please RT and spread the word.
watching movies at home you?
a hot dog and on the back a couple hamburger buns
okayy thank you!(;
Simple explanation: Charter schools are overseen by authorizing agencies which are responsible for their quality
i'll probably be in magic kingdom at some point during the day, we usually go every night we're in disney
aye wat up wit that track bro
I'm Always Up Around This Time, Wyd Up? RT : isn't it a little to early for you to be up?
“: Im gonna take u to Mcdonalds for your bday” I'm allergic..lol some like J.Alexander sounds more like it 
its sunny outside. time to get up and enjoy the day.
*never give up on something that youu cant go a day without thinkingg about!*
I'm seriously getting up early tomorrow to watch The Legend of Korra (Avatar the Last Air Bender's sequel) on Nickelodeon. What is my life.
Speechless... RT - Word on the street is that Parks and Rec will be filming on campus tomorrow...
wer u at
How was ur day ma nigga
So I guess Marta is not that bad when you live and play in the city.
your so beautiful.
Watch on Sat. morning with Christine Chang talking about her 2 Colfax wins and the half this year!
bro. I didn't meet them wah.
It feels like Cali here in Oregon :D
kids these days give Reggie no love. Kinda sad. That man could flat out score.
There's typically nothing good about morning. Unless u wake up to graffiti on ur car window
About to meet up with and gettin it in and make some big moves!!!!
We're prepping for a new set of sales and a new site layout!! How are YOU revamping things for 2012?
Sorry for the mis read Skip. I'm curious, what was the driving force behind starting the blog? 4 many its a new role but not u
Lol. Smh. The Lakers been loosing from the jump
Follow me at for my most current tweets.
Thanks for the #FF! :)
Gifts-in-kind as liabilities rather than assets
Man on a day like this I wish I was laid out on the beach with a hot chick next to me.
thanks. I borrowed someone else's info and that worked, maybe a typo in my password
my background is boring and white. LIKE ME. so someone plz make a liam bg c:
the best program of the world #Shakeitup!(:
RETWEET if you are online and want more FOLLOWERS #
I wanna talk to Savi
Maybe put a few potted plants in the bathroom?
By the way, your man to follow for the fastest rain delay updates is
: Don't miss GUESTLIST!! You can make it!!! We know you can!! :D
Water has a taste that you can't explain.
and you know it ;)
Right now I'm worried about someone who was a part of my life.
Almost 500! Thats crazy we just hit 400 last night!!????!? Thank you guys at 500 we will give you guys a news update
I think there are non-obvious ways to lead
“If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.”⁰ ― Lewis Carroll
Freedom is the only way yeah!!!
Booked Palm Springs, CA Vacation!
Man is it beautiful in Baltimore today. Feel like unzipping my jeans, sitting back, and watching Netflix on my deck.
Thank you & thanks for the follow. Let your fans know we're giving away a 42" TV this week.
What!?? That is some crazy cool hair! It looks a little like mine ;-). Tell her she Rocks!!
Hey follow our merch guy He's a true gentlemen and a wonderful lover
That cut real deep. :(
How did our weather go from 'California Sunny' to 'London Foggy' in under 24 hrs?! Still, better than 'typical' March in Chgo stuff.
Jada said Mommy Can I do a Dance Show for you ? 😍
yeah. It had to be a gift to an executive.
I'm in Miami. Woooop (Rick Ross voice)
Nice! Those are some nice accomplishments for 2011. Wish you the best in 2012!
I've heard a little bit. Will check In tomorrow.
#ThingsThatNeedToEnd is still not having a record deal, come on I want a CD >;D
was circle the drain about russel?? just wonderin' songs badass regardless
Thanks for the RT!
Must be some sort of voodoo.
We are so proud of you, Denise! You did an amazing job and represented Oklahoma beautifully!
1st backup of 55 gb taking forever. Please help.
your abs just reached 3k followers!!!!!
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
Totally! Remind me next week!
that last tweet was aimed at and as well
The Devil in the White City....really interesting book about The World's Fair in Chicago in the late 1890's
Celebratory dinner with
Wise Words: Engage & Don't forget to accessorize! <3 it!
Can anyone do me a favor and click the Twitter link on my youtube channel and see if it goes to my Twitter Account?
So. Much. Sleep. To. Catch. Up. On.
What number? Haha.
yup. gotta keep me in line, tho. cheers!
watt up doee
Did you hear one of the Norfolk players say after, "We love you, Obama, but I'm glad we busted your bracket"?
I got my child development baby! I'm so nervous... Her name is emma(:
Snoopy is so funny sitting on the back of the couch and peeking his head through the window blinds to spy outside...
:) same. Tastes so good!
Two thumbs up to my job being shut down to the public due to these power outages... smooth day ahead.
Haha and you were thinking I was all normal well that's where your completely wrong muahahahahahahaha :)
Will you be there? It's setting up to be the largest attended thus far!!
"My daughter's a SHACKER!"
see what i did there
I love she's so sweet. Mahomies Follow her please & I will follow you back.
Good luck at
don't be mad at me sweetie
DEEP THROAT MASTER!
Kenan and kel so need to make another good burger movie! Lol
There's too many good films on tonight. I'm lost what to watch...
Like the mouse maisy?
This lady in front of me looks like a four eyed scare crow lmao good God she is ugly lol
You can, but that is one of the (few) things PC does better by default. Shift + F7 is just so easy.
Sony Unveils Alpha A57 Camera, the Quick-Draw DSLR
Today I told Jess she's gonna get fat cause she doesn't do any sports. She said running from the cops was all the exercise she needs. winner
And we were tired of being mild.
Saw on Spotify a person had an "Alternate Rock & Roll" playlist w/ Daughtry on it. I guess the list is the alternative to good music.
Yeesh, I would last for less than a minute with that one
i just realized that in exactly 2 weeks i'll be taking off for afghanistan. WHAT.
In order to get to where you want to be, you sometimes have to do things you have never done before.
Damn i was tryna save some money this week... Then i seen the new *All Out Raw* Shirt, im snatching that shit TODAY!
Craziest night of my life. Hands down
Thanks to everyone who came out during our last 3 shows! It meant a lot to see everyone out there!
It's messy business, this Santorum affair.
Belated happy birthday to you!!!! See you at BUILD?
so are you giving me permission to do it ?
Governor Brewer: formerly a test pilot in a broom factory.
Life is, more than anything, realizing you're terribly somber when you thought you were merely terribly tired.
Gotta stay fit and healthy, especially in this line of business.
nahh thats fine, what is it? Send me a pic if you have any
#UMass gets a huge defensive rebound and they'll go to the line for a one and one. #UMass 72, #Drexel 70 with 23 seconds left
I'm great! How are you? Miss you guys! :)
Cool cool !!
I will
So great seeing you guys!
I cannot believe you have not
GET #ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING FOR ALEX <3
What the WHAT?! Marketing team should now be fired.
follow your sons toe please? ;D
i posted once on mine. Kinda like getting to a party before anyone else you know shows up.
ddeedsy is with mcenroe! deeds? i thought we were watching scooby doo.
I will
They definitely have the heat on and its the summer!!!
Um, who is this girl talking reckless to Skye? SuperPsycho3
One thing I won't do... Conform for respect
fucking unicorn MILITARY.They've accepted our worship and betrayed us.
#FallonLiveAfterGame Love This Show!!
What are you doing tonight? is at Trapeze Atlanta & There's a Gang Bang at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale. Your choice ;)
Thanks Ben!!! Great to see you!! :) RT : you sounded so good last night! glad I was able to hear ya again.
Relieved Cowboys won. Doesn't mean too much since it's against the Buccs. But a win nonetheless.
lol! Thanks for the laugh?
So much for apathy right? Happy as hell NBA is back :) and Twitter agrees
amen. That was awful. I don't care if he is 70 or not. That was painful.
awes baby
Loving the run so far sir. Keep up the solid work! What are we calling the Baldo Bomb/Derailer this time around?
I heart you
Our sky stays clear overnight, we fall to 53°. Tuesday will start mostly sunny with a chance for PM T'storms, warming to 80°.
I believe desegregation hurt black ppl in America!
Gmail is down for my account. Fail.
He's my favorite player and I love to watch him play.
#EALS2012 was fantastic! great panel on for-profit/non-profit models for arts orgs with
I needed to live and to suffer a lot to understand that love is an act of faith!
Yeah, I think that River City is on hiatus. You would probably know more than me. Ecomuve is new to me...
Um, all three today. Sad but true.
No, actually bought phones on Sun, w/great customer service-then had some probs w/porting so Ryan handled that all for us too!
Pandora tonight...John Williams composing...
Preparing for the #Diabetes CME event Repping #Healthliteracy is a good reason to get up before the sun rises on a Saturday!
Yay for Gonca Noyan. Her paper, Inaugural Speeches of U.S. Presidents on the brink of War was accepted to the 101st Estrn Comm. Assn. Conf.
Thanks to for an engaging SM program today
I.love.coffee.
Coachella 2012 lineup why are you not out yet...
Hey guys check out our music tell us what you think and tell us what you hope to see in the near future.
We are here to change the future. If you haven't already started that process, today's the day.
I'm ready to meet my redneck romeo.
RT : When things get rough, only the truly committed will stick around.
I would probably fail my classes cause I wouldn't pay attention I'd be crying the whole time
There was a gay baby born today in mr. Fallens class
I just have to say #TheThreeStooges was a great movie! did a AMAZING job with the casting & just the whole film in general! :)
yup....should be very interesting.
muscle ache kept me awake
I need a real vaca like to islands. I need some major time alone to think breath relax and let everything go
hey remember on #marathonmonday when ate it and cleaned his wounds with a tampon?
Happy Leap Day!
that's cool yeah man I was in some trouble but its all good now fool. Lets keep it on the DL nigga.
The wind makes me cry!
I made notecards for all but 8 test topics today, #wastedmytime but
are you the only person in that bar without a moustache and a flannel?
Come in from the cold and warm up with a tan! Just a reminder: Thursday is Customer Appreciation Day--$3 UV Tans on any level!
are you talking about your fans!
The Lucky One
I'm too scared to look at myself in the mirror today.
madd i gotts ta study al night...and my last paper due tomorrow.
RT : Avoid shimmers if your skin is oily. Especially when blemishes are involved.
god brother ! i need help !
Haha that song sucks RT : Just heard Call Me Maybe for the first time...I'm confused, how do you know whether to call or not
Need some
it's not the same without you being here.
no Russian player wants to actually play in the khl after theyve played here. Only reason they go is for $$$
So many problems that need to be addressed and they waste millions on this irrelevant shit.
Working on getting my own Microdermabrasion machine for those that are interested... I'll have one soon ;)
: SalPal reports Cam Newton is at #Ravens walk-through practice to visit his brother, Cecil Newton Jr., a center on P-squad
Special thanks to for sponsoring PVLA's #tax workshop yesterday! FAQs from the session will be posted in January
what's up with me, I feel like I've been eating like a cow.
Good luck to and tonight!
Andrea Young shares that her fathers film on Nigeria focused heavily on how people have a mis perception of the nation and Africa as a whole
I swear #themavs should of kept the same team as last season. We don't seem to finish up a game strong. Always short.
On our way!
We heard that, too. Yikes!
haha sadly yes.
Anyone that needs to pickup tickets to any upcoming show please stop by The Seven Venue tonight to get then from Kansas - (937) 638-6662
Spooky wind whistling around our building...
Eating pizza and watching Shrek with It's gonna be a good night!!
Ah at this point any car will do!!!!
Three way playoff for medalist honors
Check out Igors tip for the day on the Fall Into Fitness discussion board under the boxes tab.
seems legit to me
we want to!
SOMEBODY break the silence and tweet me back, itd make my day
Well the good news is this offense is never out of it. Remember all the way back to early April when we all thought that?
Poor a cup of coffee while I study or a glass of wine? Decisions, decisions..
Next session: moving from DDC to DCC: digital content curation.
Ah #Panama, not a good game. Yes you held back Mexico until the last minute but if we had tied we would have been knokced out anywya soo..
tell me.
I don't know you that's my purse!!
What are your messages?
RIP, Steve Jobs... And Thank You!
If you up all night working on a paper wtf are you doing on twitter. You lying u ain't in school.
Same here! Enjoyed your episode of
Thought we were the only ones who say #foreveralone Guess nott.
please follow me? I love you 😘
Daughter couldn't find glasses, she says "Well, it would help if I had my glasses so I could see to find them." Seriously lol Blonde moment
RT #npdata +tech strategy: What do we want to report on? What measures social impact? Then build tools to collect data
Last day for Artist Registration!! www.ghartwalk.com
Wait, was that a Paul Dinello cameo on Colbert?
So close to finishing this chapter.
This is the giveaway I want to win! Please pick my name!
Don't want this feeling to go away, so it stays
Thanks, Marrissa! Happy #FF to you, too!
I don't feel tardy!
Genius!RT I have an addiction to pretty shoes. Perhaps we should start a support group that meets at a mall
Hey Matt,That's an interesting stat.The Saints are unbelievable.
Can't blame the last 10 baby lbs on my 2 & 4 yr old forever. Although they do contribute to the need for a glass sometimes :).
M. says we already have. :) is it always sunny like this here?
Housewife status
packing up my life...once again....
There is really no way to teach sex. Each encounter is different. All depends on the joys of your partner.
I bet you have a full plate of stories on your hand. Wanted to see if you were open to public suggestions. Got a great idea.
That doesn't count. Kind of defeats the point of Record Store Day, actually.
Walking one's visually impaired teacher into a door is a "prank?"
When my world is shaking, heaven stands.
G.M.N.I.: Sleep. That's all I want. That's not too much to ask for, is it?
omg k srry
It's nine o'clock in the morning and I'm still in bed, don't want to get up, but I have to. So, world, here I come!))
exactly my point!
where are you watching it at?
Little bit of rain there, but we're good to go. We're like the postal service(neither rain nor sleet nor snow), but not afraid of dogs.
jen, thanks so much. i'm super excited to make the back yard cozy and fun.
packing up the room and listening to ... maybe they can counteract the sadness
Aw! Thank you!
my shirt has a bald guy with a boombox. But it can't be hipstery. It came from KCRW!
did u hear my song
Lord Please Devour All My Enemies.
love QR codes!
I'm sure it is in the UK. Out here in LA we have yet to have one cold day this winter.
Happy New Year from Best Deal Computers! We will reopen with our normal hours tomorrow.
If you can solve your problem then what is the need of worrying. If you cannot solve it, then what is the use of worrying - shantideva.
so many naps today...
Whos from Dallas?? Message us or tweet us if you like CHIODOS, OH SLEEPER, ATTACK ATTACK, FALLING IN REVERSE we have tickets for sept 24th:)
First day of break and im up at 7
My mom is going to flip when the phone bill arrives :/. I use twitter wayy too much
Hahahaha...well if this is in July, maybe I should just plan a trip for that week?! Hm...
YES! Thanks again for inviting me!“: Highlight of #Carmel tweetup (#CarmelTU) was introductions and sharing of community ideas.”
sometimes it doesn't feel like I do :)
My day off & thinkin I'll go back to bed before my
i am the worst daughter in the world. sorry im not the well behaved daughter you always wanted mom
better b ready 4 Sunday...it's gonna b SICK! from The River will b bringing the heat on "what a real man looks like"!
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
the reason we ask is because many people submitting their iPad 3 videos this week!
We in the same picture, but we all got different poses.. -lil wayne, holla ;-)
What channel is the Red Carpet? It's not on my tv!
The #NFLDraft is about to get started, and even before things got started, there was a major trade between the Vikings & Browns.
Press pot coffee and birthday cake for breakfast at Ticket King.
no I am lol!
Cause I have other things to fill my time You take what is yours and Ill take mine Now let me at the truth Which will refresh my broken mind
Thanks TMA...RT : Happy Birthday !!!! Enjoy your day!
We're proud to be working with Dr. Huang and Megan Cermak at the City of Austin's Tobacco and Prevention and Control Coalition
Atom smasher restarts to prepare for new science AP - Operators of the world
Shopping w/wife. Discovered worldwide shortage of orange turtlenecks. Tragic!
What's the reaction to Google buying ITA? What does it all mean besides world domination?
": Thanks Debra! You are SO talented! :)"// thanks so much:) love you guys and what God is doing!!!
What we should really tweet are the revised jobs numbers from months ago. You know, if we were smart and stuff.
You have two options, you can look back in 5 years and be right where you are now OR you can look back and see how far you've come
I love how I wake up noticing that I fell asleep waiting for my bf to atleast text me :(
I would loovveeee to spend a day with
My spanish getting live
with the baseball team! Haha
So I youtube shoe nice and almost vomited.....that guy is a nut job with some insane talents
2 of our best editors Naomi Price (), Suzanne Deffree () will rock the IE STEM Education Conf. this week!...
Love it!!! RT : Nice!! RT : U may have use my trademarked term: "Crowd-Saucing" ;)
Hi! I recently listened to your series of podcasts on iTunes, are there plans to produce future episodes?
I just kind of miss your face!
Being home for a couple mornings makes me love both dad and Bill O'Reilly a little more each day.
Is Jim Nantz's winning call going to be "Bubba-licious win"!
omg i just dm'ed you something! And what i said i dont even know!:B
Google is the gateway to the world!
I actually LOL'd.
Is blessed :)
YES MOREJOY THEN EVER ITS SO GREAT HUGS BACK AT U
“: Going to San Andres Colombia in November! Gotta work my ass hard to be in beach shape! /we'll see that
Just copped a cd from I respect your hustle man.
Oh Yeah, she just became a HEEL
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 2
yeah...they are so amazing live!! Have fun!
We're writing a lot and booking shows. Finally back on track. PR2K12
on you have the option to sign up, or login. Click Login and get a popup saying "Great, let's create an account"... what?
Madagascar 3!!!! Yayyyyyy cant wait to see it!!! Kid for life! 😁
My favorite material is cashmere!!! I our suppliers could switch to an acrylic/wool blend. Once they make enough profit...
Anyone know what is happening on 94 west? At a stand still for the last 30 min. Wondering when we might start moving again.
where do you live? You're a Yankee Laker and Sixers fan. Plus I don't see a hockey team. Do you care for NHL?
RT : Man , b.e.t need to play "Player club" ! tired of seeing the same movies .
Mine too. Still usable but hard to open. Bee. RT My #aea lunchbox got damaged either by baggage-handling or in-flight shifting :(
I do. Not sure what's on it, but you're welcome to borrow.
: Thx for asking. We’re focused on multiple customers in a number of markets; but can’t share specifics right now. Stay tuned!
We are at the Learning Impact conference in Long Beach today. Come by our booth for a demo & chance to win Dr. Dre headphones
following you too
contrary to popular demand , waking up and being popular is one of my new things to do today
Just got tasked by boss to watch the #Nats day game 2day & keep him apprised of how Harper does. As a baseball fan, awesome assignment. Haha
...and she went speeding through the rest of her downtown stops. Must have been behind schedule but it seemed reckless.
I added Twitter and LinkedIn icons to my blog because, you know, Google's stupid.
ANY GOOD TIPS FOR SUNDAY? LIKE, WHERE TO GO OUT ECT?
. . Frankly, I'm a smidge disappointed that he didn't look farther & more accurately n2 the future, 2 2day. >>>>
FRIDAY FAVORITES | On this #FollowFriday, please share your favorite #WV tweeps. Who should others "meet"?
If he did that would be my second concert but Tronto is kind a far away:(
Don't know yet. You? RT : are you heading to the parade tuesday?
20000 signatures on the Official Petition to NBC to save The Tonight Show! www.imwithconan.com/petition
u kno what that means!? >=l
The Vatican should be ashamed. I know I'm ashamed of them at present.
tell her to dm him now
pockets back on loud mouth
IT'S SAT! TIME FOR LUNCH & $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE!
En route to to give Robert S. Pinals Lecture on Humanism and Professionalism early tomorrow. Very honored.
Very true. I just tend to see overtones of that sentiment in most of his writing about the academy and faculty in particular
Aight I'll check it out.
hahah YES! that night was so awesome lol i still think it looks like i have chest hair in that picture
or an Easter dinner with the family. 💚
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Story on NPR about favorite movie lines!!
Stats are now available on the main page of the website. We'll update these again tomorrow night! Good luck to everyone tomorrow!
Getting Mcdonalds breakfast this early in the trip would be an amateur move. We'll be shitting our pants by Baker. IA
at next weekend. Then school.
I just found out about this program, is so fantastic.
Persistence is key in obtaining the life you desire. Persistent in faith and in hope. Persistent in integrity. Persistent in your walk.
TREATS!! Halloween Bake Sale-Chase Tower skywalk TODAY 11a-2p all proceeds go to Urban Day School.
Couldn't sleep. Been up for the past 4 hours digitally coloring. Spend way too much time on Richmond Monuments.
I wish I wasn't so busy with work man I wanna start training HARD.
Niggas over here in tears...
: 1 is never 2 old 4 magic, it happens all the time... I'll help, I promised!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms, Grandmas, Aunts, Sister, and Godmothers out there! We love you!
been voting forever!!!(:<3
:-) Proud of my roots!
you aren't following this Fan, 😭 follow me please Bailey!
Just got out of the Lula Washington Dance Theatre show. Great performance by a talented and dedicated company. Thanks performers and guests!
you do realize we work next to each other?! Lunch Friday???
im doing a get well soon card for since hes hurt. Al i need is names for the card and if you want messages for the video
RT I eat healthy and exercise but its the COLD FX that prevents me from being sick SHUTT UP
What are the Cliff notes on Sapp? Please educate those of us not actually in the league :)
great. very relaxing
Baby Raises Awareness of SMA
Great practice run today in Santa Monica with over 20 miles done!!
/// Ah, the usual....beats and designs. You? RT : Thanks homie! What's new?
My weekend was pretty rad. Did you do anything worth telling? I'd like to know. I danced....a shit ton.
oh okay..
Exporting song as an audio file... #GoReasonGo!
Troma would love for Kevin Smith to be on our Panel on the 13th annual Tromadance Film Festival in Asbury Park.
Amazing photo shoot with the team! Great job with styling both hair and clothing! Go #team !
Fork lifts to get three drum decks on stage? Really? I need to go home.
Geiger is a huge hire for UWM. He oversaw a lot of facilities being built at OSU.
That moment when your at the airport and realize you didn't bring your laptop charger with you... Fml moment
my Game 3 ticket? Sure... If you ask nicely. ;)
"that nigga Bosh is 10 cups of sugar" ctfuuu
no, youd just stan there and not know what to do
oh so it's like a prereq? I see. Either way, I need to get serious and make it part of my routine.
": Finally get to go see the Avengers tomorrow!" Enjoy it for me! :) you deserve it! :)
Thanks for the follow. We have a wonderful neurofeedback program under the direction of Penny Montgomery. Love to connect.
Yeah great to see you too! What a night!!!!
looks great! I love the flash transitions, much sexier than mine haha.
i like your hair so much!!!
At the pediatricians office with my son and grandson. A strange feeling 2 b here as a gramma now. Circle of life.
I am good! How are you sweetie?
I hate snow....that's it
I'm guessing on resave the original application resets that association. Theory: good. Practice: not.
Yes indeed Pam! Look forward to hearing what you're learning here.
I am a guy on twitter, who happens to be social, and willing to make some new friends. and you?
And if you notice, none of them are wives. lmbo
aw juuu so cute :-)
- What's awkward? I had no assumption that was any reference to me. I'd probably weep if they left, too.
Tonight its live music with "loudhouse" come on out and have some fun
Found my bus pass. Just need to find a passport photo...
We all have to "fall" in love with God at some point - way to be a human prop! We've all been there!
": When you stop chasing them & start embracing you, one day you'll look up & THEY'LL be chasing YOU. #TheSW"
Awesome. RT : RT : Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: "I don't shake subs hands."
what you don't realize is that G&G is highly respected for its food photography!
I am so with you on that!
Guessing it's sponsored. Have three people in my Twitter feed in disparate locations with the same badge.
haha I'm such a great boyfriend
ATF pretending to be a record label in order to catch drug dealers..
I could be over thinking this, because that's what I do, but I really don't want to do a screw up job on his self confidence.
How do you "fix" something that you can't see no matter what labs or testing is done? We only know what they say and how they present.
I love your dad
ikr i hate that
Damn Brandon Morrow is the Jays secret weapon
Tiffany!! Tell her I love her. If you see her.
Guess some enthusiasts would argue that funk or fusion isn't real jazz, but that's what Sirius named it.
Gonna need 4 stitches
I still believe in Tebow!
Felony sentencings should not refer to someone being sent to jail. They're being sent to prison. And yes, Virginia, there is a difference.
Thanks to all the new followers this week! Hope your weekend is all you hoped for and more.
Friday Jan.22nd Benefit for Hillside RSVP www.cupcakedreameryevents.com
can you please follow She follows Back!(:
I'm feeling very grateful for life & just want to say I love my sister & my husband! Have a great weekend everyone!
WNBA's still a thing, and they all play ball better than u. :) : The WNBA has a draft? The WNBA is still a thing?
that's what happens when they have 35336346896580 different numbers to give out.
i like my kush strong
They did it with 10 men! RT : CHELSEA ARE THROUGH TO THE CHAMPIONS LEAGUE FINAL!
love you too babe! 😘😍
Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits. Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits. Some people are repetitive sophomoric twits.
im going to be on for a little while. i will be back tho. in a couple days
Getting lots done and feeling very productive. Setting aside worry and just focusing on the task does wonders for efficiency :-)
Producers & writers would kill u know who if that were true! :)
more fans, awesome team, perfect stadium, a season to remember. I believe that we did win.
I see what you did ther.... NO. It's a good movie with action, emotion, and humor that works for all viewers.
Thanks! I'm excited :)
let us know if something develops. Sounds serious
Amen to that!
Sounds like a great day to me. :) Hello from S. America.
The text just sent me>> she knows the deal that's my 🐱lol jk
Wondering if it is Spring. The Willow whispers, "It is so".
What was your most epic concert moment? Tweet with #IWasThereWhen and we will ReTweet your story!
Networking and Marketing, Marketing and Networking. Where is your true voice, your true songs, are you connected with your true soul?
Pacers with the best record in April. 10-1
Was reading a 1994 #ITP thesis + the author referenced Google. Turns out he graduated in '04+got the date wrong on his cover page?!
sometimes i wonder why i even try
Nice to see here for the #vet entrepreneur event !
how do I get to be in the audience??!!
That press conference was definitely a waste of time...
Going downtown with & my mama for a bit tonight
The Latest From : 2004 Mitsubishi Galant | Affordable Auto Credit ...
Great to connect with. Thanks for following me!
For it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose. -Philippians 2:13
I think that's a much more flattering use of the masters hood. Let's hope it catches on.
Can't make it out tonight to meet the OG team and L.A.C.E. tonight? Sign up at opengrooves.com!
make your account private
": "Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better." - Jim Rohn" I'm becoming a quote-whore!
omg :/ well maybe he's just slutting around
Yes, and sadly setting a bad example for their own kids: via Parents say peanut allergic girl should leave school. Are they nuts?
haha, kk. + that explains my low grades this year than lol.
Good morning! Got any fun plans this weekend?
INDIANS WIN!
Lord, Give us the Courage to step out on Faith. Help us to use our troubles to increase our Faith in You! #Amen”
Going to sleep finally. I'm going to be tired tomorrow
"A courageous Segal free falls to catch a man, meanwhile Ja Rule dies a heroic death in the bowels of a maximum security prison."
I love you Allie!! I'm always here for you, and I'm praying for your family. Gods got her.(:
I'm hungry, but me & rayle' still laying down n JaNasia bed!! This rain got me lazy. I want a breakfast plate from over by crabtree blvd
Exciting going to catch "2" "Live" from Portland, Oregon just before I go to sleep. Perfect timing!(Portland, Oregon Web Viewer)
replace sam and ron next season
can i "like" a tweet? miss you too :)
RIP Adam Yauch a.k.a. MCA
I then did in a whole pack of that Dos Equis and its only 4...guess I'm celebrating
Actors - SAG General Service Agreement Seminar May 12. RSVP with the guild if you want to know about that agency contract b4 u sign.
Ive been getting things together on my end & I moved from Houston. I stay in San Angelo now. Got a good job, So I had to.
I don't believe that on one day you should realize how important your mom is to you. We should appreciate them 24/7//365. Love you Mom!
lololol Allison 🎢enjoy the rollarcoaster that is life guise
Sometimes I rather hear the lies than the truth! Worst confession ever..
don't think so. just packing. we need to have a celebration in Aug when we're done w/exams.think we're all taking them same week
You're welcome.
we should hit a concert lls
can someone either make me a hot chocolate or bring me some chocolate please. gracias.
That is pretty cool. Might need to find a place to use it. :-)
Archivists totally took over the bar at the #saa11 tweetup - how strange to be one of the four non-archivists, totally there on dates
My ambition as a rida 2pac
Power Wheelchairs Aren&#39;t Vehicles | Urban Review STL
Crap! It was Sadistic Bish today
Next Sunday, or this Sunday?
I am good :) thanks
wonderful dinner with #ccastd leaders last night
Makin a mean meatloaf up in here...
I hate wen babies be crying for no reason
hahah good point! =p
yes sir! Anytime!
Beds are so much more comfortable when you have to get out of them.
a lot, but funds are limited!!!
oh ok...you gotta do what you gotta do to satisfy your craving
gotta love the city of fallen angels haha.
Car crashed into a pole and caused all of San Diego to not have power?
Denverites! Judy Hale is presenting tonight on professional credentials, certifications & more. Which ones benefit you? www.ISPI-FRC.org
And now they are playing a bad cover of "Smoke On The Water". This band kind of fits Clippers-Grizzlies perfectly.
Keep ya eyes open
Live preview of Cyclone 7.2's high speed visualization engine. Improved point cloud data handling using hardware accelleration
Anthony Bonner spoke at camp today... He is a powerful speaker. My old school hoop fans know who he is.
thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more about you.
Time to watch the series premiere of #MagicCity!
Go ahead ms.briggs,why don't you just give me a detention on my birthday...
Let's see - Elvis Week, Happiness Day - also Swim Day (Splish-Splash) and the Date to Create.. What? - Up to you.
He's still fine as fuck tbh.
This whole conference was worth it just for this panel
Please avoid the area of St. Lucy's Church (7th Ave) tomorrow between 9am & 2pm. Very large turnout expected for Det Morgan funeral. Thanks.
OMG stupid caugh!!!
Nigga keep ya two cents I don't want to leave you niggas broke
If i see my x with a ugly nigga imma say ay ig i was to much for her lol.
Sleeping alone will never feel as good
Onika Tanya Maraj is like my idol I really love her like SO MUCH !
I'm having Reese's for dinner... we need to start our cleanse before my shame spiral gets even worse.
Join us for our second annual spring fundraiser! Saturday May 7th at Moonshine..
what do you think about the Bosh injury?
Oregon social worker helped patient with HIS personal needs, set up facebook accnt, fed cat .. action reduced hosp visits
i will survivee
NO NO NO NO NO FIRE
Hey Twimailer has been broken for some weeks now. Is the project still supported?
and it wouldn't work if u slightly dehydrated...agua mi amiga, agua
OMG, why an I tearing up?
Career/Business enhancing #SHRM events coming up! We'll keep you informed & look fwd to growing our connection with you! ^EB
First time event with this buyin, 225 O/U?
I think I need to remember to bring my business cards in my dreams.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Since birth, it has always been a sign that you're alive.
Goodnight twitter. #laterbbygurl (:
what did chef Olive make
recruiter for our #federal team in DC, will host this week's #EsriJobChat, Thursday 4pm EST DM your questions!
Tommy Hilfiger shirt,polo shirts,girbaud jeans,Jordan's,Tim boots,Black College sweatshirts,Baseball hats#1993 swag
Calendar Honk and Drive this Saturday 10/16/10 from 1:00pm-4:00pm. Stay tuned for area and meeting place!
Our first tweet!
If anyone wants to follow me on Twitter my username is
excited about the potential a partnership with can bring. We're looking forward to working with you!
I'll literally never ever get a tweet or follow from you.....oh well time to go cry with my cat :(
Sometimes I'll tweet some fake dumb shit like "STFU" just to piss off the paranoid/selfcentered people they think its about them off rip lol
Haven't tweeted in a while!
good morning
Can't allow your tweet to stand. Augusta/Masters is the Super Bowl of Golf. It is tradition. It is every golfer's dream.
June 1st I'm going to be having all holidays, birthdays, week days, and whatever days alone. It's time to move on and start over.
you mean you see my dick before you see my cum
#lolatgirlswho think they're too cool to study. and end up working in mcdonalds.
Hey chris please follow me man please when you read this i would be so happy to be bros with you
ITS AN EARTHQUAKE, ITS AN EARTHQUAKE!!!! oopps my mistake....its just my sister screaming.
I haven't seen one yet! Do you know if they make iPad covers in bamboo?
Goldfish and smartfood popcorn are like drugs you eat one and you have to eat like ten bags
Don't feel bad, guys. I'm getting my degree in education and my future is uncertain too :(
Lets Go
Man, last day at Potawatomi.
Oh, yeah! I guess we have Turbo Fruit love in common, eh? Love those guys.
I miss you too :'(
Lol i know smh! RT : I HATE doing that lol luckily it's never anything crazy tho haha
Forecast for Sunday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 63 to 68 near...
i'm glad to hear that.
A lot of holes in this model.
doubt its possible, but this does open the door for a Rashard deal to Memphis. But I also doubt the Wiz want Rudy Gay
Bout to chill on the deck n relax... Get some thoughts together... Evaluation Preparation Execution
I'll c u there!
It's the thought that counts. Thank you!
Boy them skinny jeans make you niggas look quire,my pants never that type even when my poccets filled
WINNING ISNT EVERYTHING, IT IS THE ONLY THING...
INSANE SUSHI NIGHT .. Featuring $5 Rolls! Including our Rising Phoenix Roll : Black Cod Tempura, Jalapeños, Mango, Chipotle Cream
- if you lived in LA, I would make you get me a nachos bell grande right now
I need a price  all may apply 
i have no one 2 help me b/c my mom cant do it either and my best friend has trouble with it 2
The clients job is to identify problems, our job is to provide solutions
I will watch all of them!
Here to stay...
Put ur 2's up dc common. Doin the damn thing
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. - Maya Angelou
got you
thank you for the follow <3
Turnaround let me see sumin lights, camera, action. Just thought of Jazzy Ts
Shoot into Hollywood Tans during your lunch and get 2 for 1 Instant or Uv Tan..... Limit one per guest! :] See you soon!
JT should have come out in his Homelessville soup costume for this one
that is always good
thx Ben. Appreciate it!
When Call Me Maybe comes on the radio it puts me in a good mood haha
Daughter of Andrew Young, Andrea Young discusses her role as a producer on Crossing in Saint Augustine
I had a mud bath today. Kinda cute.
American Live Wire is looking for writers who are interested in covering National, and Global News contact
You know how you check out on your job once you know you're leaving? Well, I've checked out of NYC already...
clearly I need to expand my reading list...Best to stick with
Watching Ellen:)
Getting some 2014 disco going on up in here at the moment w/ and need a disco mirror ball in venice! Whose got 1?
It's gala week! It's gala week! On Thursday, we raise a glass to celebrate our first season in our Walker's Point home.
“: so tired...but excited to see tonight!” can't wait! Let the festivities begin :)
mike it's ya homie Kwa follow back this is my youth program since 1992 over 100 college scholarships earned
Just 10 more members to hit the 500 mark - do you know a musician who would benefit from joining Songwriters in Seattle?
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Butler GUM Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
Maybe that guarantee could be issued in the case of highly serialized shows?
With the mama chillin. It's always good to keep yourself grounded.
Webbie - you a trip
How can they NOT send their band? #fail RT: Dave Brandon currently in the midst of damage control regarding the MMB & Jerruhwhirl
my old hood! I miss it.
Somebody text me .
I'll be on with my boy on our sister station in Baltimore to talk some #Caps at 8pm
Favorite Don Quixote quote, "Willing to ride into hell for a heavenly cause."
Got caught up in the London riots last night. Had to find a safe place to hide. So am in the job centre if anybody need me
Are you taking the van in for an inspection!?!
And to you Jim
so who r u then
Hey! He's not carnival personnel!
much obliged, broheim. Think it's about time I whip up a piece for the Spark... you working on anything currently?
RT : UPDATED: House vote for health care reform was 219-212.
You forgot about the right to be unconditionally loved. :)
RT Raining in Portland = Sold out crowd. Raining in LA = a couple hundred fans. 1 of these teams has legit fans, the other...
hey loser
today was so weirdd.
way to take teen mom to whole new level
omg yes I liked it a lot :) it sounded rly god! Im listening to this legit all night long
have you guys heard this Gotye song yet?
A metal show, a hip hop show & a gay club all in one night
Q2: Surveys are tricky. I would recommend keeping them as simple and short as possible.
my spirit guides are the raven, the rat & the giraffe ... as far as i could tell on my shamanistic adventure w
pointless to reply to you celbs you never reply or Rt.
Happy Cisco de mayo
Goodnight Everyone 💤
definitely let us know! We know some pretty great restaurants.
Some people are completely oblivious to what happens in the world
Hooray for autumn! Happy Equinox everyone!
Pretty sure he doesn't.
Haha yeah it's hard to say... I guess we'll see when I get my grade back.
"I think I'll put a tablespoon of butter in it just 'cause I saw the butter sitting back here!" - Good enough reason for me!
I know right? In this case are they overrun or just incompetent?
I'm hoping that increased pressure will result in a better presentation
Looking forward to visiting the fine writers over at thiis week.
How do I tell the flight attendant it's impossible for me to watch my head?'
Or maybe my not answred call has an explanation
good good stuff
Austin and Dave saw The Lucky One and The Vow together. RT if you love their bromance.
Had a great time tonight seeing Casablanca with my brother, Tim. Looks great on the big screen.
driving to see cam that first time, that dude who did it back!
