I hate you!!
#1DLikesBigBums THEY LIKE BIG BUTTS AND THEY CAN NOT LIE. ♫
I would if I didnt have to be up at 5:30
We sure Taking:))
RT : That's a 47min video!!! I am looking for a high-level overview to share with my management :) > DM me with specifics.
Do people not know that health insurance is not free. An Ins. Company covers BC. It is called a co-pay. +Ins premium paid. Not free Russ L.
Would you say that's your work space? Describe your studio to us.
was it the ones of you wearing JDiamonds cause if so im glad u got them back...lol
i dont got another one niggi ; slanted ones .
Thanks for the RT 5 Stupid Things Supervisors Say That Get Their Org Sued wp.me/p1lzfR-3S
Go team, go!
awesome! kill 'em dead
I love writing music on TabIt.
Jints going through atypical Dec. swoon. Green Bay making mincement of NY secondary. 4 turnovers doesn't help either. No Steve Smith, too.
Thx - info is for Have a good week!
sports and news would be my guess for explaining that
Everybody follow my sis , we follow back .
Pretty sure the entire Gulf of Mexico has taken up residence in my hair.
Very well could be!
Put on right now to see piss drunk Nick Faldo break down the
5 mins YEAH BUDDY. let's do this poo!
when a guy tells u he loves u its the best feeling in the world <3 :)
Are any of my followers Boy Beliebers? :)
I know it's been a while
Don't be hatin'.
I miss my boyfriend!!!!
love that!
Middle Finger To The FUCKIN COPAZ 👮👮👮🚓🚓🚓
Just saw '9' -- one of the worst movies i've seen in years. Stay away!
gas weed wacker? anyone? it's needed for our clean up on Monday 7/18
Romney said at a private donors meeting this week that he planned to get rid of HUD if elected.
I'm dream chasing.
Masty is starting to look like masty again.
you know what says.. you have to have the rain to have the rainbow
Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using ShowClix :) Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
The wheels of justice were stopped for awhile but at least now they are slowly moving. "Justice for Trayvon"
I'm bout to get pretty
Happy Birthday to team M.E.!!! <3 ya'll
Why am I this tired BEFORE I eat?
there R 2 interviews of yours that I swear I've listened to 1000 times in the car. UR huge man, luv 2 meet n thank you some day!
yep me too 👍
Just checked analytics on 's #tumblr traffic. Surprised Twitter is a much better referrer than Facebook.
people actually watch golf?
Those photos of the cherry blossoms are simply beautiful. That brightened my morning. See my FB post! Thank you! So tranquil.
I think rainy days automatically increase the level on the craz-o-meter for kids 6 and under.
Yogi tea wisdom: Mantras you shouldn't say - I don't know, I'm not ready, I can't do it.
>>> When girls say they love these dudes, What for ... he don't love you #LoveYourself & be selfish
I have to admit that my guilty pleasure starts tonight and I am giddy!
Shooting an OH wedding today, at Skyland CC. Early congrats to Ashley & Zak, my rockin Las Vegas couple!
You took the words right outta my brains
#OnlyCoralReefKids would not wear uniform tomorrow cause of some last second email
I tried.. You didn't . Remember that next time you say its my fault.
um...a bowl of special k, thens its off to showerville
My 3 year old wouldn't either, not for the whole time. But I know Jordan will.
Somebody point me to the best ass eater.
just seen a dude w them J Scott's you wanted
ball hard like jordan closing games....jtfo.
please please please follow back :)
Good for you! My wife's in a union and if it weren't for that, her meager income would be the most minimal of incomes...
pretty awesome? come on, you know it was EPIC. Bottles were flying and bandmembers were confused. haha
haha yes!! But idk if I can yet! You should see my bathroom and my guest room they're so clean
It is really pretty! I especially like the beach.
I want to do a physical file-sharing, soundscape remix project in
We're now up to 1959. It would be a big year for Miles Davis, and for the world not just of Jazz but of music itself. Hold on to your hat.
are you quoting me?
sigh ... I just read an article from the NYT for class that calls a woman, Francesca, an alumnus.
At this point I'm running on coffee and chutzpah
fuck you're hot..
ff For on-the-ground practical advice for Gen Y'ers in the nonprofit world. Plus, they have style.
you are welcome. Don't you love my weeklong response times on Twitter?
they look terrible
Thank You! Gulp Gulp! Ah! RT : Me? Naw. I think is brewing some for
RT : Glad to see 2 companies with such strong ties to in the Coulter Challenge at #NOEW. Good luck to
Chris White of St Monica is Blowing Up at Frosh/soph Camp
I'm listening...just not too closely
yes! I've always wanted to be Evie Carnahan!
anytime my dear
RT : Am expecting Eryone at the barber house tonight for the launch party with ur best fit;) @ me for the info
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
The new York television festival at TriBeCa? Doesn't time Warner have one of those every day?
mom and i are watching drive and eating pb ice cream living the life or living the life?
"Come on over come on over baby"
Why does McGee on the Nuggets remind me of J Cole?
"The first thing that must be on the agenda of our nation is to get rid of racism." --MLK Jr. (March 16, 1968)
We'll be sure to bring you the very latest on that story when we see it crossing the wires!
let's solve this like mature adults..hold your breath under water forever, i mean afterall, you are a fish..right?
Order your in-home meal now for you or someone you love for 10% off this week only! Offer ends 1/22/2012.
im talkn bout leave & go home lol
Getting ready to interview a bunch of Cheerleaders at a Cheer competition with ESPN
Spent part of the day w/ one of my favorite stylists Mai-Lei, just wish , , & were there too.
Cant wait! RT : Just finished editing my video I made at ! Can't wait to share it with you!
if I flirt with you, I probably flirt with other people too. im single
Idk why I feel so sad.
haha, I watched it yesterday, I liked it! :)
Don't understand twitter at the moment........lol
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger. Buddha
In some cases this has happened over hundreds or thousands of years
UNC is really laying it on Duke.
The things I could fucking say to you right now...
If you would like to see A Long Christmas Ride Home for FREE, email .
shut the fuck up titty head.
Put God First, but in your list of fictional characters that went on to become adult themes to violently control the ignorant masses.
heya mate, do you know if there will be a video posted of the Vitec talk from NAB?
short bus shawty, i need to see you & asap !
Income inequality , income inequality, income inequality, income inequality... ...Ah, ...What was the question again?
Well, you know. Enjoy that shit now, while you're still young.
---»• I ♥ being a man of God .. Not easy buh feels good and life iz much smoother..
Oh yes, thank you brain/body. Two hours of sleep is exactly the amount of sleep I was hoping for. Might've been too much actually...
I wish I was kidding but nah
Oh yes. There certainly is.
Why did Kloppas get suspended?
We watched the Classic Albums documentary for Aja on Netflix. Good stuff.
i miss her. but i know that it wont work out. she prob doesnt even wanna see my name.
Happy to be showing and Detroit loves North Carolina!
This is a VERY good Michigan State squad. Great defense, size and outside scorers mean the #Spartans could make a deep NCAA tourney run.
What a beautiful white wonderland at Tahoe! We are so blessed to be here, but we miss our baby girl Emma being here with us <3
Cool slide show! It was a fun event.
Monday started off with having to restore our intranet from backup thanks to a server failure over the weekend. Now I deserve cake.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW .. SEE YOU AT #COMMONSPACE #SATURDAYS #PARTYALLWEEK.COM FOR MORE INFO.
For the record, I still like Iceberg lettuce. It's not all we have available.
Ha, ha. Sorry, popped into my mind & couldn't resist. Artistic immortality in plastic. Hmm, I wonder what the resin life span is?
Casual card games
nor should you
I prefer Patrick Swayze's quote from Road House over the 's - "Be nice. Be nice until it's time to not be nice" :)
Omg can we leave yet?
RT : subaru impreza is a brillaint 4x4 rally car. i love it. its one of the best cars ever!!!!!!
k, what time?
Sarkozy: 19 arrested in French police raids
Thanks for the mention. We appreciate it.
Good show! :)
Y would somebody do that?... O yea I forgot ppl do/say stupid shit
Nothing concrete yet, though dreams are firmly lodged.
Light some to this weather
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out" john wooden (via )
bye , ill come back later (;
looks very tasty
Watermelon rosemary lemonade in hand and an apartment in west hollywood in the back pocket. Thnk u, Lord that this marathon trip is over!
also: none of your personal info is on our site.
when,time, and location of the skate party
Feels good to feel a little better
Is Oral Sex Safe is trending. That's scary. Something that's not scary, and definitely safe, is 'Speaking of...' February 4th
At a new year's gathering I asked my friend how she found a date. "Plenty of FIsh" she said. "And he's a god kisser. Wow."
good job this morning , very professional
I was all 4 #fashionstar but Kara was clearly not it. She did not sell to all stores & she doesn't appeal to all 3 brands ... I'm done!
i was jk
#lswchat #FF should be to followers; get a lot of Tweets from people who've never engaged
Upcoming Exhibit - Solo Show - Tim Hovde at the Muir, Houston, Texas March 12th, 2010 www.timhovde.com
"Maybe the book started at chapter 9." "Some people might really like the number 9." "Upside down, it's a 6!"
Made it through the first round of #nycmidnight short story competition! Second round starts tonight at midnight.
As a writer, I'm constantly trying to reinvent the art of storytelling.
Be ON TWITTER ALL DAY...PEOPLE SAYING PLAY THE BOOK MORE ..
Bout to go back in this joint... Nigga said 15 mins... Business men should be on time smh
have i fuck. looks like im spending all of sunday doing them. have u?
ok y'all just lost me
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.: Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
I had the pleasure of watching my sis & meeting the team in person when they came to Tucson. Great season! Congratulations!
no. Start as soon as you can, but just a warning: it's difficult to start your acting career & be a full time college student.
It means even....hahaha. it doesn't look right tho :P
follow back :)
Set the music free. 🎶
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 18 Lbs
Just lost 12 hours to three different help desks....turns out my host "daddy" was bad, but wouldn't admit it! All is better now.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
My Tribe called Quest..
Yes.I like you. If only I could tell you to your face or atleast through text. /: <3
Rise and Grind tweeters!!! Motivate your mind today.. Block out anyone negative!! Stay focused on your game plan! Lets GO
Beach tomorrow with my besties! (:
Today I get to interview a professional action sports athlete whom I've had a huge poster of up at my office for months. Pretty stoked!
- Nice tip!
Comes with brain, side SSD, Canon mount.
I'm ready for the beach!
Great lunch with to discuss websites & blogs & Christmas cards & many other things!
Layin down thinking!
I can hope cant I?
At this year's GECC open forum, language was mentioned as a req. to dump (or allow GIS or similar instead)
stand strong!
My multiple personalities confuse me. ;-) RT : who doesn't? lol RT : I have too many issues
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11. day? Make it a great day!
This is the time when only Aimee's signature #ohbro hashtag is appropriate. Just ask
Sun starting to shine through. Common back warm weather :)
can't feel my head.. I mean i can touch it, but I can't feel it
Congrats Nikki!!! You'll have a great time at runDisney! The marathon is THE best for a first choice!
My brothers a loser
A great start to #AWP12 : flight cancelled, forgot several essential things. FInally go here. exhausted already. Is it over yet?
Tonight, Sofia Vergara & Julie Bowen ("Modern Family") shooting guns at firing range = Total Turn On!
Make sure to check out Big John @ the Speakeasy tonight. Look for some dates from us coming soon!
#ThingsTougherThanBlakeGriffin Dakota Fanning
You are do rude! And to think I was going to wish you a Happy Saturday...
You're just a hop, skip, & a jump away from a U-Swirl with the opening of our 3rd location in Phoenix.
<3 RT Realest tweet I ever seen!
Journal of American Med Assoc indicated "wellness" approach resulted 17% decline in medical visits & 35% decline visits for minor illness.
Thanks for the feedback! Have a GREAT day!
if i see one more person use a hashtag on facebook im going to go to their house and slit their throat!
J is severe/anaphylactic to Egg- we skipped Flu & all vaccines last 8 mos due to chemo- better to get at allergist? or Drs?
so apparently verizon can take 3 billing cycles to credit back incorrect charges but I have to pay on time? transfered to "welcome center"..
I wish more people would look into what not to do!!!
You can compensate for your weakness with superb organization. At least for me.
- looks like you guys are growing by leaps and bounds. Thought about working with a recruiter for that hard-to-find talent?
Derrick Rose torn ACL in today's game verse 76ers!!! Thank you hopefully the sixers can win the series now
I be yelling money over everything money on my mind....
Good idea...
hes addicted to sex.... but hes creepy with it
I'm listening, Steve Ward.
I just saw a guy that dresses just like abner but muslim or something but punisher hat punisher shirt steeltoe slip on shoes and dickies ...
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Have you ever borrowed an ebook from the library?
“: I can do without shirtless Heat fans in my mentions.” I hear that!!
Took me abt 3 weeks to finish up this website for ebay.. and they're really happy with it!! celebrating tonight w/ the homie
Small world. apparently knows
If you got stickers this week send me photos of them in your town!
2 days until my bday haha mine is on Easter :)
Gates of Vienna: Oslo&#39;s Immigrant Future
ReflectingOn our past season thanks / & ForA warm reception and great performance venue!
Nice day of drinking brewskies at lock b.
So happy to see out there in the playoffs again. Still a fan hommie. #CavsFan here
2nd RT : If you are on a plane in the Atlantic..Happy New Year!!!
Sick of this shit,like seriously /:
Wow, lots going on today! Recommended hashtags to keep up on all the great info:
Best chat #reference question so far today: "Can i get my belly button pierced if i have mono?"
“: Oh, food writing folks - collectively, we can do better than "dessertery," "drinkery" and "cupcakery," can we not?” lol
At 48 Hour Launch. Time to get pumped.
Hey Im listening too!
Does anyone have the AP Stylebook app? It's $25 & doesn't have any ratings.
find a goat.
i think it's time to eat a sandwich.
The actors in the educational video are almost as good looking as those on Law and Order.
Happy #Easter weekend! Did you #egg hunt?
All packed for Kansas… Wheels up tomorrow morning so I am enjoying one more night at home with tv and hot tubbing :)
Aw. Why not come out to Cali for HempCon in April and I can treat you to some! No booth, just attending :)
Ooh baby, baby
I saw this too! It's hard for me to pay for that when I can just make it at home though!
Need my ocean fix. Heading to Crane's beach with Baloo. I love fall for lots of reasons one being that they now allow pooches back on beach!
I think I found a fake one lol. “: Every time you bash your head against a wall, you burn 150 calories.”
Torpor be gone! I'm back in the thick of it today. #amwriting #1k1hr coming up. Anyone in? I'm thinking 9am. Need
I wish they'd kept Julia Stiles around beyond that season and made them a murder family
Pretty solid finagling of the rotation by Boston...Baltimore two-game set falls right at the time when the #4 and #5 starters will pitch.
I don't want to read this book at all.
Quite. I hope he's still researching this data.
u must be gay lol
y does it matter?
i love you <3
Im High On The Early side
because of your tweet i can't stop listening to Glee songs on !
*insert facepalm here*
Doris rules. Among the very best in the business.
you need help. Heres a tip, when looking for pictures to fool Dawn with, Look some where other then Google!
As much as I love Louisiana, I feel like I need to fast for a few days to reset my stomach.
any info on #Badger hockey recruits and is it a strong class
Glad you like! Watching her videos now are like seeing Robin Sparkles before Robin Sparkles!
I think Yoko Ono would make a good dictator RT In your head, a sunset can go on for days. You can eat up all the clouds in the sky.
It's the editing that gets you ... I can relate!
DIRECTV-America's #1 satellite TV beats cable w/ the most HD channels, the most sports & the best customer satisfaction!.- 832-429-8264.
Coopers did it again...great BBQ pork!
So nervous for tonight! 😨
It's 8:00 and I've already tripped up the stairs.
girl you are famous!:) lol jk...he plays on the toronto #bluejays ...his name is like Jose or something.
My dog just triple-dog-dared me to eat a brown banana. Sure wish she didn't talk so much.
bahahaha nice one!! :-)
RT : Will do and SO wish you were here! #DITTO!
Working at again, and disappointed they put the elevator music back on. Wilco was so much better.
I love it, it's my life.. Just it's very hard work. I hate when people think gymnastics is so easy lol
Raised over $1400 last night!!!!! Pictures coming soon! Thanks SO MUCH to everyone who came!
It's not like we will ever find out either, cause she never gives grades back.
thank you corazon
Parents: Ask your children if they have any problems seeing the board in class, could make the difference come report card time
2 of 2 about the retention of the positions and not the retention of the actual people (whether they leave for other jobs, etc.)
"You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true."
I WAS SORRY TO C....THE HOTTEST BABE IN B.H....WASN'T FEATURED ON ANDY'S SHOW...WITH ALL OF BRAVO-LEBRITIES...!!
You can call me Cody! Sam is my middle name.
Me too! RT Dude, seriously (haha), I always do on FB or Twitter! Dude,Pls hit me w/ where & when for the Cup!!
Talk stupid off with your head
Yay for us getting the mind?
People threatening politicians & breaking windows, doors of their office buildings? Seriously, grow up people! You're better than that!
Ah, jealous. Stone tour guides are awesome.
Jamar Rogers will be #TheVoice winner.
awww miss u too girl!!! This group is so small
Why do men think they know anything about being a woman or what we care about? I would say they are not qualified to comment.
Dante told Dolores last week when he talked her into letting him out of his jail cell.
its alright beauty :)
I've always thought it was weird that guys have that high bar when it'll hurt them a lot more if they crotch themselves on it.
I gotta get up early tomorrow.
miss u CUS im comming over next weekend
travel safe!
Only accept cash
Come to Nashville! #buy1get2free !! haha :) (really.) RT I need a pair of cowboy boots.
Getting ready for a job interview. Pray that I get it.
that's a good angle for the General. He looks less "husky."
I think that last caller, Paul, is really Charlie Morton incognito...just sayin'
Finish this: "My mom is better than anyone else's mom at.."
happy valentines day to all my favorite stoners! i hope you find love and
some kick-ass shots man!
thinking about silly stuff hmm...
why not
No one pronounces tallebon like our #potus and paaahkeystan #wemustfinish what we started"
Ready to leave
Bottom paint complete. Next up: varnish! Who's getting excited for their tour this spring?
Highlight of my night last night- waiting on Dr. Broom and Dr. McBride.
My papa told me he got a good phone it don't ring smh lol
Just had the best yoga class! Dead tired... I'm going to bed soon!
"Taylor I need help, I made a mess" - as he's making hot chocolate in the hallway.
I have a bad back so u better use your hands or feet. Or have a home girl come do it.
Now recycling so excited to
Lmao my mom just said "leggo" instead of saying "let's go" 😄
ikr!! I'm ready!! Ima be there until Sunday so include me in your plans!!
#yeahyoulosing you must Follow me. newbie here !
If rain drops were kisses,I could send you showers. if hugs were seas i send you oceans. and if love was a person i send you me!!
no problem! Just need a few more people to pay and I'll order them..I just can't afford 25 shirts
awww!! How exciting!! Tell everyone I said hey hey! I'm going to buy a brownie to celebrate here. Miss all of you too!!
My sister's excuse for not letting me use her pants "You're going to make me look flat from my butt" ~.~
When there's two boys, and you can't decide. <<<<
r u checking it twice? :)
And you're still awesomely amazing!
Just started my first attempt at homemade orange bitters and am already thinking about next batch - with violets. advice?
#oomf sometimes spit real shit shit and the other time say the DUMBEST shit! #boygetyolife and beliefs off twitter!
MT: #MittRomneyknowshowtocreatejobslikejohnMcCainknowshowto ...... pick running mates
Dear Pandora, Why must you sneak Journey into every playlist I make?
Outstanding episode this week. Writers are going all out this year! Ride from funeral was all time best!
You should buy me some tickets for your show and some Airline tickets roundtrip fron S.A, Tx to NYC:D LOL jkjk. Love you<3
If you're eating a football shaped cakepop today in the DMV its probably from us!
Visimeet is great for small businesses that want to try videoconferencing but want to avoid scary infrastructure costs, just download and go
i think the campaign "dumbs "down an issue that shouldn't be "dumbed." great attention getter, just not thought through fully.
“: The ring of love - band name, tumblr or adult toy #dfwsem” omg water up my nose lol
Lmao okay i should go to sleep.
If u tell someone you're 40 in LA it's pretty much like saying you have Aids.
It's true! Love ya girl!
You're damn right cousin has no idea.
Hey, dm me your number again. I deleted it by mistake
Smile and make your own sunshine... Hello!
I always have trouble creating a shorter, unaccompanied program, so suggestions are welcome!
hey man! Follow ME plz :)
I woke up and the first thing that pops in my head is Young Jeezy and I said: "Way too gone..." Lol MORNING TWEEPS
Science! I'm sure if you put your mind to it you could learn what you needed though.
I went to Sturgis. When I was 8.
20 hours down, 5 and a half to go
Bored in biology with Felipe .~.
ONCE A BELIEBER ALWAYS A BELIEBER !
Super cute!
I may have gave a damn but I never gave a fuck.
I love most of the Harvard Sailing Team () sketches, but the "Jen Show" ones are just cruel & not funny. New series, please!
its Friday everyone!!!!!!!
HA!!!.. yup and its more SWEETER than a HONEY BUN... lol
Hangover Part II was actually better than the first, surprised.
I pegged you as more of a black leather handbag kind of guy...
": Lifting consciousness is the basis of any real change." Ah Yes. Yes it is.
$1 he dies tonight because you put him into shock... 😝
LMAO! you ma ma ma make me happy
Great audition weekend is done. Now back to work submitting, auditioning, and learning lines. Hm....I think I'll do my lines at the pool.
I hate txting someone and they don't text back.
Wow, the pens are the flyers bitches.
Just had a great run. Now for an early lunch.
the care transition #health2con challenge sounds great, but why just 250-500 word submission? Should we just tweet it?!
not too bad
Hello Kareen, Thank you for following us!
I just seen the tupac hologram...very eerie but good
Spending the day with my original BFF.
It feels good to be home (pun intended)
Our lucky fans are so excited to see
uhh you were awesome! our pleasure to sign that pick. hope to see you soon!
Just because everyone else is doing it...doesn't mean you should too. Be a leader & let others follow you!
When discussing "Paranormal" I do lump in the Exorcist...
So left over Pizza and Croissant are not fuel for Training lol
His mom popped in & informed me he'd seen a book that said "S.O.S.", which she told him meant "Save Our Souls".
Chillin in Winston with the fam today.
“: I was just interviewed by for her morning radio show while keeping things under control at work.” Gangster!
Dyed my hair tips red. Oh yeah!
do you keep up with any handlers/producers from cities you visited from A Cook's Tour?
When your ready....
i can't always respond to every person. sorry.
Thanks for the follow! :)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Mobile County until 07:30 AM
Don't tell that to Felger & RT : Pierce goes from hobbling to "dunking on people's heads..." faster than anybody.
he sleep
u probably be aight going thru Louisville. Never know fo sure tho
Where are you looking? We would love to help.
I hate automatic tweets.
hmm...I have some cute flats I could wear. I'll start looking for a matching floppy hat...
good question! I guess Pop just wants to keep it pedal to the metal in this close out game
Congrats to and for making the !! Great job guys!!!!
I use Chapstick way too much.
I gotta get cardio theater at my crib
": NFL mock draft links: Browns get another cornerback to team with Joe Haden? // pretty please
David Tulloch recently bought a lottery ticket at a Shell FoodMart in Silver City—a ticket worth $515,000. He plans to invest the money.
Falling off your bed for no reason and not being able to stop laughing.
idk if might like that... Our honeymoon was amazing this past NYE... Italy was amazing!
was god?
I guess I was getting the silent treatment ;-) Enjoy the holiday weekend!
Have we become cattle, g-pigs and sheep?
I'm on that pursuit of happiness
; "Don't put your lips up to my mouth & tell me you can't stay ... Don't say it doesn't matter cause it's gonna matter to me. " </3
Exactly, I agree with you!
Xbox til I die!
woke up to piss and their had to be someone in the bathroom like cmon
Touché. Pretty sure they all leave the huddle after a TO and proceed to ask CP3 what they should actually be doing.
And are coming for you All I can say is '99 shortened season all over again. Thank you Allan Houston
*Free Leather Upgrade* w/ purchase of any Ekornes Stressless furniture. Last 7 days to upgrade your lifestyle. Sale ends March 20, 2011.
I got called into work
yes, and Asham has some asian decent as well. I like it!
Just use some windex to help apply.
Oh homework, I rather take you to dinner than do you..
Likewise! Here here! :)
Important note re #hlth: research lib'ns are actually safest (relatively)--it's shared services staff (eg tech svcs) facing layoffs.
Clear need arising for space to allow cross sector collaboration especially btwn techies and civic and cmty engagement folks
TL SO FUCKIN WEAK! Can A Nigga Get Some Mentions? Some Dms? A Girlfriend? A Snicker? A Tooth? Somethin?
Wishing you a Happy Mother's Day! I hope have a great day and are doing well! Take care!
Another super speeder though, my Ls is done for.
Dinner: pizza with arugula, fig, mozzarella, prosciutto & parmesan yeah get it
I understand needs to make money - but $20/month to host >10mb is too expensive. $20-40/yr for 100MB uploads feels more right
Its all about having the quietest member of the fam speak on stage.
Vegas bound!
Poised Creation believes helping the non-profit organizations as a new revolution in America!!! Fund'em!!
Having a hard time getting my leg out of this blood pressure machine at Wal-Mart.
If you don't know exactly what you want, then you might just get what you know you don't.
RT : Live with humility and have ultimate respect for Mother Nature.
Looking for great examples of learning technology frameworks, roadmaps and architectures models for communicating to executives.
Tbh basketball doesn't interest me that much... Im just sayin...
follow back :)
U always look HOT, but yess. Super hot tonight!
Bags are packed. Blastin off back to Texas for holiday! We'll be dropping brand new #drivnapparel tees right after the 4th. Peace.
ACrowdfundingProject- this is super cool! Times: Times Sq. Ad for Greek Tourism, financed by a Crowd
The Hunger Games was really awesome! Gonna to read the books now! Go watch it right now.
Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe……Anatole France
Check for a DM
Fetish Houston is the place to be tonight !! Going to the Drake concert ? Come to Fetish AFTER !!!!! #Houston 3101 Fountain View
Dnt wanna go to da restroom but gotta drain da snake smh ugh. Was comfortable
s/o to jimmy neutron
Tip: sometimes in your career you are the buyer; other times you are the seller. It is always good to keep that concept in the back of yo…
I hope one of them works out for you! I have one pending with the Bureau of Land Management and am crossing my fingers.
About to go see Steiner Interiors today at 2pm!
why? They're the worst team in baseball...
When girls call me dude <<<
Happy Earth Day!
One last night of live music during #asae11 with Electric Soul from 9pm-12am.
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
If u still dress/act the same as u did in highschool and haven't grown up u #fail at life lol
"I do not see how a lady can go to heaven unless she dances" and then he dwelt on the joy of sin forgiven- the overwhelming joy.
That's awesome!
I will get a phone today. I will get a phone today. I will get a phone today.
RT : Great seeing & really cool stuff coming down the pipe next week!
Sometimes I drink too much. Sometimes I test your trust.
I dnt appreciate you abducting my friend
yeah - you should have seen my back hair beforehand.
"Being a parent is hilarious." Jessica Alba
Dear Internet Users, Someday u will regret not reading me. Sincerely, Terms & Conditions.
the baby pigeons grew up too fast and are already ugly :(
Surprised that I still get surprised at some people.
FOLLOW I WILL FOLLOW BACK
you'll never sleep again, not even when they go to school
Anyone hear about the shootings in chardon high school in Ohio 2 kids died 3 r injured! It's soo sad RT if u want bullying to STOP!!
Sony warns shareholders of worse-than-expected $6.4 billion loss: The company says that it will post a net loss of 520 billion yen, u...
HEY JJ!!!!!! MY BROTHER FROM ANOTHER MOTHER......LOL....
Thanks DAVE! Much appreciated!
Saddle Ranch on Sunset!
Next true conservative you need to endorse:
Finally got to ride the bike today. A bit chilly but it was so fun. Can't wait until it gets even warmer :)
i seem to be the sam eway.. ill sit online all day but i rarely go play live.. and i live next to hard rock in las vegas
On my way to
I'm Gone Do Something Big For Her
To love what you do and feel that it mattershow could anything be more fun?-- Katherine Graham
My laziness is out of control, I don't even want to poop because I want to continue watching American Dad.
I dont know, worked for Ron Burgundy. “: “: Try n hit on me by talkin bout my ass? Well u can watch it walk away.
that moment when I love you to the moon & back <3
Web service written in .NET that's then hit with PHP in Vooba? Trying to avoid re-inventing the wheel.
I know & to think I actually liked directioners until I found out how rude and mean some are
What a fantastic night.
We haven't picked our artists yet. We still need to find a channel and funding. We'll keep in touch, though.
Menu spotlight-chicken avocado pita! Grilled chicken, avocado, roasted pepper, sunflower sprouts, tomato, red onion in whole wheat pita
Tornado sirens going off in MPLS and Maple Grove.
KUOW 7:06 - Amy Radil on Obama visit! Supporters thrilled about gay marriage stance but...afraid it helps opponents.
- wasn't me but thats a damn good idea.
Bolton down 1-nil at Stoke, QPR stay up if that were to hold...
How about useful tools and techniques for gathering and organising #chartership portfolio evidence? This seemed to come up a lot
I made a whole new outfit last week with things I already had and hadn't worn in ages! Closet shopping score. Keep the faith!!
": Forgiving your enemies doesn't help them; it helps you."
Mayor announces huge financing program to help benefit wbdc
“I love what we have here in Green Bay,” he said. “I’m pushing for another ring. It’s in my heart to try to win again.” 2012
guys my foot hurts.
what is #Bravesnation never heard of it
omg there'd be ambulances and fire engines hahaha
Thanks for the follow back! Looking forward to seeing the PSA! Many thanks!!!
#bbl going to watch a movie
so im working on playing 3 songs in one its hard to pick the 3 :/
Glad the sun is shining. Still too cold for my taste!
kiss of death
Just shut your eyes, just shut them.
I wished that I was a student at Michigan State University to complete my Bachelors Degree.
I've got real big plans and such bad thoughts :p
4/20 & what did I do? Laugh at the kids that think smoking is "cool".
The only thing that is worse about being lonely is others knowing that you are lonely.
Im really starting to think that the key to happiness is being a bit of a slacker & just not giving a shit too much.
DO YOU GUYS THINK YOU CAN HELP ME GET A SHOUTOUT FROM THE BOYZ TOMORROW FOR MY 16th BIRTHDAY!? MENTION ME IF YOU WILL HELP PLEASE :)
good thing chris martin is lip synching on #coldplayonidol coldplay was great at one time
I promise I will. BTW, just registered for Comic-Con today. See you in San Diego?
Man, what a way to end Tribes ! Near record attendance again, prayed over/encouraged our seniors and played more dart wars.
RT : Looking to reinvent your library in these tough economic times? Attend our free webcast to find out how... LIVE TOMORROW!...
WOOHOO! : Home on the 19th or 20th. Can't wait!
Room A Thousand Years Wide - Soundgarden #nowplaying Man, I love this song!!
Whenever these 'award winning social media strategists' start following me, I always secretly fear I'm being made some sort of case study.
Feeling pretty good right now.
MoovyBoovy: Impressive Clip from &#39;Snow White and the Huntsman&#39;
i bought the Real Estate album last night, so i have new stuff to listen to today.
Thanks much for the follow.
Are you excited?
green bays schedule is way too easy, I really hope lions, bears, giants, n sf bring it (which they will)...coming from a pack fan
lol thats the wrong from apathy...theyre from UK we are from texas haha.
how's that workin out for ya?
My monitor is too dirty for sci-fi space animations -- can't tell the dust particles from the stars.
Carol King may be a legend but damn she sure can't sing this song! The backup singers sound better!
Singing along to Divya Kumar and David Cope's albums while winding through Big Sur in the moonlight
Glad you enjoyed your time here. We'd love to have you back. :)
Running around Oakland trying to find shoe goo -____- why does no one in Pgh know what that is!?
Not much of anything is priced in. Bull case is that everything will work out fine. Bear case is that crash unavoidable.
So glad to hear it! Tell how ' kids sponsored your #friendiversary!
LOVE this shoot!
Mac users - what's your favorite genealogy software? Have you used Reunion?
Okay. Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure. See how this is.
Be careful then how you live, not as unwise people but as wise, because the days are evil. Eph. 5:15
Thanks for the RTs
Tomorrow the CHS cheerleaders will be volunteering at the Hydrocephalus Walk held at the Zoo Peck Center. Come see us between 8:30a-12:30p.
Wish I could let the world hear how stupid voicemails are
hahahah 3rd team you swear, those are all the pictures I'm tagged in papa, go and stalk my profile some more though
Anyone who tweets an accurate answer to someone else’s #mscdeng3510 question (without repeating another tweet) will earn one late ticket.
Anyone interested in learning grant writing by doing? I have (paid) project I need help on. PM if interested. Prefer folks in Madison, WI.
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together
I LOVE YOUR PIC OF SELENA AND JUSTIN SO CUTE
I do 2...again I am a hypocrite...how are u shannon?
headcolds, another class on survey and evaluations, and power point is a nexus point of horror.
I hate children.
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BRO ENJOY EVERY YEAR IS A BLESSING
Start at shop LG or SML that exposes u to known brands facing real challenges. That will propel your career, not agency size.
So Benjamin. Time for an awesome #mother'sday plan.
Jamal Franklin - great moves!!
They look really good on you. :)
Havent said anything on this account since March & I still have 183 followers! Hi everyone! LOL Thats all I g ot for now.
we have all those artists in rotation on our station. grab the live365 app on iphone/android and search for "jam the city"
I like 's comment about providing value for readers.
RT : There are a couple of Comics studies journals specifically...
cool i will make contact with them tomorrow. And let you know what available little lady
"May the shwartz be with ya."
Hey yo Hollenbeck middle school u dope !!
my facebook page isn't loading for some reason.
Does anyone know where I can obtain Saw Palmetto extract in the Dallas area?
I have some.
I'm so tired now I can't keep myself contained to 140...even when my phone tells me to stfu
Forgetting my Cream of Wheat this morning is sending me into a tailspin.
8 at night right?
Learn to spell and use proper grammar otherwise you just look like some sad lonely little fuck who has nothing better to do.
I will be. Tell all your followers :{ mustache is ready for 2012
Who's excited for the February issue of Fashion 5.0?!
I'm so tired of see our men not going to school women out number us and they r becoming bosses while men r stuck in dead end jobs n drugs
Thanks for Following me ;) You may also follow Let us know if you need assistance. We are here to help. Thanks, LM
welcome & you're really pretty ! (:
Omlet for dinner>>>>
Everybody please come to the game tonight we need to win so we can host sub-state!
Of the 680 grads in the building, there's only one message on top of the cap - "This is for you Mom".
The crow discovers some panicled millet and flies rapidly in compliance with its discovery.
I lived too fast and I loved too much and I'll die too young but I chose this cup that I drank from - knew what I was getting in to.
In my personal opinion, My Damnation was one of the worst albums I've ever listened to. It sounded too rushed.
Watching the game, wishing we still had the double-threat in the pen/on deck
Thanks for the memories, Thanks for the Memories!!!
In the name of Kobe Bitch ass Bryant
Brave New World...?
Why Does It Have To #Rain ? -.- Ugly Day Today :-[♥
I went through her timeline, and she deleted all of her anti-gay posts. It's to the point where I wonder if I imagined it!
Faried reminds me so much of ben Wallace
Talkbiznow V2 will arrive in 8 days! The press isalready comparing us again to LinkedIn!
Thanks for the heads up Tonya!
I haven't either... but not sure if I could take the rejection if I were told no. ;)
I gotta sleep dawg
today's a bumday.
check out both my sites: www.killerphotgraphy.com and www.jordanancel.com
Back in Amurica.
I'm only going to be a freshman for 2 more weeks. This years gone by too fast.
Ha! Happy to oblige...
haha I know:D
right here sir...
Today's BTU inspiration: "Love what you do, do what you love." ~Zen Proverb
“: ...Proof that I am very longwinded.” Working at an ad agency would solve that problem ;)
Thank you! :D <3
Just said the same thing...would ditch a wife for Kelly Clarkson.
sometimes writing down whats on your mind helps something has got it running overtime :-)
Satisfy the deep subconsious needs of your customer-to feel important,to feel valued,respected and worthwhile. Brian Tracy
oh really? Cause I'm always laughing at both of you
Poets can, from time to time, can zero on something only they have to give....says Maria...
Franz Liszt has a way of making a Friday slog more sloggy by reminding me that I am not as good a pianist as him.
is looking for guests to be on our radio show. Special talent? Cause? Musician? Shoot us a message! Live from Columbus OH
How do you like it? More than Bwater?
your lips are sexy, beautiful and all in all, 100% real :-D
How fast did you speed it up????
Absorb what is useful. Discard what is not. Add what is uniquely your own. Bruce Lee
for him <3
Gonna stalk hmuuuuuuu
ohh just some girls talkin bout kissing!!!
PS I didn't actually fail
man i just saw this shit..... where were you at?
Organizers of "Students for More Testing" reportedly "surprised" no one attended last meeting.
My man floyd coming out with bieber man. Omg this is too rare, yes.
let me direct it mane!
The one I have up?
Don’t tell me the sky is the limit when there are Footprints on the moon…Join my business with me, lets soar together.
Its raw #fish mixed with an eclectic blend of spices and sauces served over white or brown #rice. Or even #springmix!
I love being in a great mood. <3
This Seems Like Some Intense Shit
You too!! Boxing, Back and Biceps today!!!
Looking forward to reading it. That guy is good too. Looks sharp, Lesh.
Grease Auditions held over~a final open call WEDS JUNE 1 @ St Josephs 703 Main Street, Pterson,NJ ages 8-21!call 9147511048
John Cena vs. John Laurinaitis at Over the Limit? What the.....
kellen disappeared along with all coverage of BSU---noon games on the Mountain Network suck
some1 Rted his video I think and i started to listen to him on youtube then i fell in love with him
AEX Tech Tips Episode 3: Installing a Single Point Sling Loop single point :)
I am proud to be a librarian!
: Just did a test run of #ToughMudder Wisconsin. Bruised and bloody. Hope you're ready..#seriously Let's do this thing!
|#quotes The trouble, in my opinion, with corporate America today, is that everything is thought of in quarters.
It would pretty much make my day if followed me. Again.
or talk to old ones.
congrats!! U r a rockstar!
lol ohh ! okay . why you headed to fl ?? ohh , wait , with staleyy ?
Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter.
Finishing the movie about Gary Paulsen's book "Hatchet" Will start reading Paulsen's book "The River" on Monday
Happy Saturday everybody from SL!
KFC hot wings! =)
The episode of Friends when Rachael & Joey make out & she keeps smacking him, and Ross gets a spray tan is SO funny 😂😂
It looks like some of my potatoes are ready for harvesting :)
you looked so amazing <3 #mybestfriend #perfection :)
Woot! Got your bbq sauce bib packed?
�The social Web is incredibly good at shining bright lights into dark corners�� Dave Evans
"The wise person delights in the truth and follows the law of the awakened. ---
I have found heaven! Cadbury's marshmallow & caramel creme eggs are even BETTER than the original. Thankfully, only bought 4 of them.
NiQue Live at The April 14th Raising Funds for Homeless Men & There Families!Lets Give a Hand to Man!
is killing it at earthday birthday right now! get it boys...
So my brother has a twitter account now and he said he aint gonna follow me. My reply was ok that's fine with me. haha
#shoelovers come get a pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes they go with everything!
"It's gut-check time," says Dan Rather "We are not in a post-racial age in our politics."
i really want a chicken caesar salad right now
you did great ! Keep your head up and brush it off come back stronger than before! (;
. is totally jelly of my I <3 Hanson bumper sticker.
uh well I guess downtown it might look similar but other than that there is nothing to do here like LA..no beach or anything
I meant winky but I think you got that ☺😉😊😚😏😳
The #Fray may break Twitter.
Knife-throwing seems like a good skill to have.
right just a typo. What country you were born in can be tough to recite to someone
Happy Easter!! Wishing you a wonderful day with family and friends:)
ever notice how there is a distinct limit in the number of good movies to choose from? check out the library for a book or go to INDIGO TREE
We had a raidio interview this morning for Praise 940 AM, and now I just got a call from Channel 13!
yeah I do !! I need time with you
i think you spelled wrong ;-)
thats one time though, how many times has LeBron done it?
Now I REALLY want you to get your house. :)
you worked that space hat during Bloody Mary. Wurk.
IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS WE'LL BE IN DISNEY<333
just stay, dont go. cuz in the end we all end up alone.
Ugh my friend is making me hate black people more and more ever fucking day bc of what he doses
ahaha! I'll probably do that too! :]
If you're interested just come out & tell me! I'm not a detective. I'm not out looking for clues.
I thank you, Florence thanks you. They're both kinda blushing.
yeah, it almost seemed appropriate given the title.
Pitching coach Dave Duncan and hitting coach Mark McGwire stay with #Cardinals under new MGR Mike Matheny
Watching that peyton manning presser was like watching a reluctant couple break up on live TV.
really you think we give a shit get off his dick": Kanye leaves the country to see Kim in a white dress! ph
So true<3.
Josh Smith is going to shoot a 3 and miss now
I ran a marathon once and just barely beat a blind runner. :-)
Hi , we received your taster app, can you follow us so we can DM you for future events? Thank you!
Looking for an awesome Christmas wine gift? Sign your friends and fam up for the Plonk Wine Club! 4 bottles/month for just $69.99 plus...
That's it get it in my sister
I'm just not a social person in the morning.
This is like taking a picture of alex's mole!
Just watched the news. I feel so sorry for him. Pray for him yall
Spring Bulb Show runs through Apr 6th. $3/person. Thousands of blooms to see & smell!
At last, an editor is on InCopy CS5. After successful test with CS4 on small book and decent deadline, getting more ambitious. Wish us luck!
"So high I can taste the rainbow."
in the last months I locked myself in with a great producer in the industry. He has projects being released 2012. tell u more Details soon
Similarly FUEL says to families, make your destiny your own--save for college.
Gansler: Wants MD to become drug take back state, where you'd return old/unused rx to drug store, rather than flushing
Earthquake, wow. My unaugmented reality was having trouble with jitter and registration.
Who remembers that College Hill episode when that bitch got cracked in the forhead with a high heel and was bleeding everywhere? lmao
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Come into SACHE today wearing green to receive special discounts!
Thanks for the Follow Friday!
I wish I knew how you really felt about me.<3
« *Press a toy in the store* *won't stop making noises* Walk away, walk away.»
": Love #wifeswap" He was acting ape-ish.
i could ask him again, but he doesnt follow me so he may not see it, but i will try!
Mini Murrow reunion at Citi tonight!
This weekend definitely got the best of me! But it couldn't have been any more fun 😁 time to start these 40 hour work weeks 💰💰💰💰
LOL... That's all I ever run on!
oh my god you are #sosweet I #loveyou too girl!
Happiness is Five Guys Burgers.
I feel so lonly :/
CHUCK LOST MAD WEIGHT CUH
World Surveillance Group Appoints New Chairman of the Board of Directors
Welcome to D.C.! We are gonna have fun tonight at Marion St - see you soon!
#bristolpalin thinks children should have a mother and a ..........wait for it..... father. words. can't. come. choking. on. laughter
no problem(:
hahaha. Yes anything ;)
I, along with countless others, owe the willingness to explore my imagination to Maurice Sendak. RIP.
Second period
(: we have some good times!
If your BF/GF claims they never look at your twitter, just tweet "#TeamSingle" and wait about 3 minutes!
Did we ever find out what iPhone app is being used as a timer? Built-in? Must use for student presentations.
There was a time when I thought Cole was soft. Did not like the doggie backpack Cali attitude.
went to my 20th last summer. Kinda a waste of my time. Not to be judgey but most of them are still the same but old looking.
Is anyone else watching this? Pacers are opening a can of but-whomping on the Miami Heat. It's 26-11 in the 3rd.
I did nothing but listen to Justin's new single #BOYFRIEND all day at school. I can't stop listening to it. It's amazing. ♥
- LA will always love the Shaq. Weren't you going to be a sheriff in Louisiana or something? What's the deal with that. hah
DMAA: Industry Under Siege: From lawsuits challenging “all natural” claims, to class actions alleging products are mislabeled, to sui...
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but see no need for revenge.
"Genuine Ken!!!" New episode today...
Name some names that are hobbies or occupations. I cant think of any!
Still no water balls. But still early. Very calm right now.
The first rule of rec league softball? Don't talk about rec league softball. #nobodycares MT Heard had 2 triples
Check that...children. Plural.
All I'd like is a pair of denim that fits me like a glove. That's all I ask.
Downloading my first free app from the blackberry fiasco. drivesafe.ly pro
i love it when u call me kanye too ;)
lol, aww, thanks for the #FF love! Glad to see you're keeping up with good ol' American sports. :)
yooo I'm in the mood to party let's have a house party.
a day with no shade is like a fat boy with out his midnight ice cream <3
My kids and I have a big interview tonight at 710 Talk Radio about the song, Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism.
Yepp me and Austin and you and Brandon lol
Spurs got the sweep...
you had better learn lots today!
thank for the follow! If you need some z's let us know!
Wow. They were serious about closing my email account the day after my last day.
we be tearin it up breakin stuff that ghetto love :)
That sounds lovely!
Can't wait for Hannukah and Christmas , yes I celebrate both . I'm getting a new juicy sweat suit , ♥
go to sleep :)
What are these "meters" you speak of?
I'm really annoyed this morning
I'm almost willin to put my money on the fact tht Gwyneth will be on the best dress list! But she took tht cape off when she presented. Smh
You should listen to some other music too! There's a big ocean of music out there
We're gonna need a bigger boat
Note to self; post midnight biscuit making=bad.
high five!
We play this Sunday at Arnetic in Deep Ellum. Come hang out with us! We play at 6. Super excited.
wow. real weird.
I miss the original scobby-doo
Woa, what a day. So glad its 5:15, 80 degrees out and heading home!!
We had a great morning of classes! Great job everyone!!
no problem.(:
Yes mam! Hope you had fun!
they're so eager for other communities to use it. Said they'd travel to do dog & pony show.
u know u found a #keeper when he gets up at 3am to pee and makes sure ur feet are all tucked in b4 he gets back in bed
no cuz some of them are ugly . . .
Go #RAMS “: Under 30 minutes before we tip off the first of two men's #mwbb semifinals! Up first vs.
did not forget!!! I miss u!!!
Thanks a ton for talking about us. Loved the video.
...and because I haven't made you fried rice yet?
Sweet Sixteen .. Texts would be appreciated
The officers in this case illegally entered a suspects home after he requested a warrant. Suspect put up a fight against officers, who then
glad got a twitter!! :))
Abuela got me a plain ticket to las Vegas with her in the summer<3 how can I say no!
Watching an interview with Jeffery Dohmer & his parents on MSNBC
trying to track NATO events and feeling twitterific.
Fun RT : It's #ThirstyThursday Go grab some cocktails and food at in the best place t
Never explain yourself to anyone...because the person who likes you doesn't need it and the person who dislikes you won't believe it...
Got confirmed :) out to mahzu now
I feel like death. Appropriate for halloween, I suppose.
We need to collab
did Ohio St write Bron a letter for losing in the Finals bc they haven't said one word about Ohio St. since
I can not believe I am actually excited to watch a mma fight. Go Mayhem!!'
. gets more referrals through Facebook than any other channel, says
I'm with $200 gets you a LOT of Cheez-its. #whatelsecouldyouwant?
10:30pm!!!!!!! good Lord help her make it thru the day AMEN.
no one will help me reach 1,000 so ya :(
Thanks for broadcasting our #manliness to the world!
Hey #BillsMafia, did ya hear that Trent Edwards was signed by Philly? Good luck With that Eagles fan.
": Our Universe was created on this day in 4977 B.C. Happy Birthday cosmic world <3 You're out of sight." Really?! Prove it :)
I realize that life is always going to be busy.. We just have to be sure that the things keeping us busy are things we're passionate about.
I hear that is joining us #digitaldeathday, but he overslept and is catching the train from SF.
MT : The stronger our EDA's r the more volunteers we'll have, the bettr financed,supprted,n preped our candidates will be
my barbershop girlgroup loves your show. They won't say the title out loud though. LOL. I will as I am a BCB. >:)
What are some great 'tax day' deals today? Anyone know anything good?
During the summer months, women in Haryana, India fetch up to 23 vessels of water per day.
hey billy!! can't wait for lab rats to air!!! :D
I'm already feeling the pain setting in from tonight's boxing class
Forgive me if I stutter from all the clutter in my head..
she wants to know if you think Lexi is really dead #imdead lol
with fresh fruit craving--I'm guessing Girl!!!!
Thanks for your tweets and coming to the sesh. Have a great wknd!
I have officially been out of the Marine Corps for 365 days. Damn it feels good!
On the day that I applied for the job as a corporate writer I brought along my English diploma.
- I am in no position to judge, we should be willing able to accept & respect one's chosen belief.
was awesome, the Capital looks like a #ladygaga cloning experiment. #TheHungerGames exceeded my expectations.
Class two mornings a week, nannying twice a week, pool with my besties, bbqs, adventures. I'm liking this summer routine a whole lot :)
I was loved by all #galaxy when I was chef. Never heard otherwise
Ph up 30-20 AT THE HALF on richmond Dunham with just 4
Call me maybe on the radio(:
I been smoking all fucking day and I'm still going
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
RT : Negative things are what you see when you aren't focused on your goals! FOCUS! > love it!
Well im supossed to be reding...but im not
it's not a good look,
Europe is on the verge of imploding. Are we next? The status quo will be our doom. Vote Freedom, Fee Market and Trade. Surrender to control
RT : I'll be ustreaming Sunday at 3 with info on the contest to perform at Hoot Fest 2012!!!
Have to catch my flight this morning at 7:30
I can't believe in exactly 1 month it's Christmas!
I am glad to hear that Clay. If it were me I would have bitch slapped someone by now.
Last night at E-Villa was fantastic! So many beautiful people!! Don't miss our first Latino Night tonight. Dress to impress.
According to this magazine, red is an oil wow
they want u
RT I have to agree with you! Y&R's dumbest blonde for sure lol: Man sharon newman is thee dumbest woman on earth.
couldn't have said it better if I tried. That could be your bumper sticker, a warning to all who cross your path!
A website is one of the best ways for small businesses to compete successfully with older or more established rivals.
oh fuck !! I give up you win now mary me please
Has anybody figured out yet that the #Flyers did not spend their money wisely when they signed Bryzgalov? 8 more years of this? Ouch!
leaving Florida is like losing your Teddy bear.
so glad you could be a part of it!! So much talent here in Chicago. :-)
Perfect Sunday morning for a ride....
This Asian/latina girl Jessica rocks! She needs to win #AmericanIdol. Happen to change channel and see her!
@ “AllHailKegasus” Are centaurs any good at bocce?
Hadn't heard about this app. It looks really good. Thanks!
hey thanks for all the support ! i think we'll be coming through AZ sometime in march...
Girls be loving this GODIVA chocolate over here !
For some reason, I always get Sandra Oh and Margaret Cho mixed up.
Haha , dude ! They look so alike &&' cute :)
Lusting after an immaculate aquamarine 65'Thunderbird I saw at the car show yesterday..so much fun to sing and play at those events.
no problem, have a good day
Watching high school/college themed movies, thinking to yourself..."This stuff never happens."
what it do Killer??
Thank you for the #FF!
Where's the link?
Wish I could have a decent seat to see but won't let me have A seat... Lots of angry folks
I wish Pryor would have left instead of coach. What a dumb ass he is, showing up to coaches farewell I'm a new 30K car. Mo sense
You are invited to tour and taste at brewery in downtown Indy and visit #LocalsUnderground tent next 5 days
dude me too. It's a simple rule: if you drink, do not drive. I've never understood that.
I arrived at 5:00pm PST but I had to do stuff before I went to bed, so I didn't get enough sleep. How was conference for you?
i just tweeted it :3
Did you know? Warda was born Warda Fatouki to an Algerian father and a Lebanese mother in France in 1939.
thanks cuzzo! You're the best! Love you much!
Single :: a man who makes jokes about women in the kitchen.
Last night I went to the Frank Caliend red carpet premiere (pics to follow) and tonight performing with Norm MacDonald at House of Blues.
Gr8 redevelopment quote on fb page "take local funds from our neighborhoods and pump them into the bureaucratic black hole"
Ppl quick to speak ur name but You knw ion give no fuck
Challenge to reframe | MT : Challenge or opportunity? "Medical orgs shifting from 'patient' to 'consumer' orientation"
Finally re-watching Nolan's Following. Lots of fun.
good season guys. it's over now.
thanks! we're glad you enjoy BrewcCityBites :)
you're all annoying today, ok?
Promo shoot with #AF-100 this week with #Zeiss primes. Sweet! Also worked in a
Win or lose I'm proud to be a Tiger fan!
:( I bet you were wonderful with them...
I was wrong to grow older. Pity. I was so happy as a child. Flight to Arras.
Have a wonderful day!!!
Oh my god Dakota is so cute(;
I am but I dunno if I wanna help u lol...what's the problem lol
We love the idea behind ! You guys should check them out
An intelligent, stunningly beautiful, athletic, good moral, gal
SUV Crash Site on Safety Watch List The stretch of the Bronx River Parkway where an SUV flew over a guardrail and killed a family of seve
Romney wants you to know his house elves all have legal documentation.
They identify the topic of a discussion/chat. They also signal you're trying to start one. Twitter uses them to track popular talk
My tumblr follower :-)
they must really like your hair lol :D
Apparently pregnat women still qualify for mothers day presents. Thanks a lot, where were you on that one Twitter?
RT : Duck Race today in Broad Ripple - buy your ducks 12-2:30 at the Fire Station!
The most important conversation you'll ever have is the one you have with yourself.
$state issues
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for power of attorney documents.
Thank you for being awesome!
you have a big fat lesbian crush on me
where was i when yall were taking that pic
Phuket 🍸with the two girls I love the most
I just took the FINAL in my fist class of the semester
Betty White's "Off Their Rockers" is hilarious. I love Betty White! :-)
that place is unreal
I hope folks had a nice Thanksgiving, and that everyone survived Black Friday and Cyber Monday and all that stuff.
well im getting ready for may 11 in houston for legacy fc and eric has had some offers but i really dont know
Strill would love to have someone read about 10 pages of a piece (non-cricket parody of Scooby-Doo) and get some feedback.
6 weeks left to order your tickets or provide a donation for our 'Safari Night's to help support building a medical clinic
I don't usually dress up, but when I do, I look damn good.
Time to take another move up the Steps Tourney for a seat to the WSOP Main Event. I really feel this is my year at poker.
I think her butt got hungry and ate her shorts
RT : If Obama only just told Zardari that OBL had been killed, what does that say about civilian control of Pakistan?
is that how TW bills?
Heading down to Baltimore and DC for national VLA conference tomorrow! What should we tell everyone about the Philly arts scene?
I Need To Clear My Mind!
Only a Red Sox fan knows the sweet, succulent joy that is hearing Jerry Remy's voice coming from the broadcast booth.
All's I'm sain, is: When did solid food become mangiata non grata?
I am just not all that keen on smoke coming out of your head...
Water is falling from the sky!!!
I just drove past a billboard that said "f**k entertainment"......I know who's going to be running my birthday party...;)
Madonna is a senseless choice for the SuperBowl halftime show. Was Cher unavailable?
New episodes of . on . Of course it's the weekend I have to work.
sure! send me the info. :)
So sick of all the clouds and coldness! xP
Happy Mother's Day to all Mexican Mother's. =]
#SomethingIDislike when people put there food on my plate/reach in my food,
Gulf oil leak is a serious issue for Lousiana and New Orleans! God Bless NOLA!
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?
Twitter... What's up tonight?
Happy Birthday Tmoneyy$(:
Based on radio stations I would say Sacramento and the Jersey Shore have similar nightlife.
#friday what will YOU do?
Easter dinner with Family Friends and Guest at the Restaurants! With A Tasty Smile!
One Direction Stole Our Hearts ♥ #Morethanthis :)
the site looks awesome so far! i'm excited for the fall!
I feel like dying
I just read all your tweets. You're totally right. Agreed on ever single thing you said!
it's not like ima get something in return.
I got your back bro! Will be cheering!
Impressive hustle by J.Hill!
Str8 Like that!!!!
You dont know your beautiful <3
mine either lol I'm so bored too
thanks becca I really liked using Wix! good way to present!
Not what I wanted to hear. MT : Teague wins or loses game. As Louisville heats up press, his decisions will determine outcome.
#Ducks sweep #Trojans in baseball with a 6-3 win, take a 3 game lead over #Wildcats in conference! What don't the Ducks kick ass in?
got wasted there never ate.
. OMG they have a tape recording of Mayor Sanders at private meeting saying some bad bad things...
Our special thanks to U all for following us! Keep smiling! :-)
that basset hound was
On top of the world by produced by yours truly is a classic!!
: hey Raja, I'm a big fan! I'm a bass player in NYC, and friend of and Hope to see you in NYC soon!
Bumpiest flight ever! Yikes! Back is killin me..lost my voice..AMAZING trip tho! Ready for my bed, to blast my heater n turn off my ringer!
tornado in Cbus reported 8 min ago
#thatoneguy who just likes to be with his girl and see her, will always be the happiest and have the best relationship
At Booked for the Evening at St. Catherine University!
Sending all kinds of good energy to as she defends that BIG paper. You go Shavonne. So proud
i really like / #MariachiElBronx and thank goodness for heavy metal rules
Congratulations to Adele she is really extremely talented
cant help but cry over one of howard shore's scores from hugo.
haha I know but what's weird is that I didn't do anything I just looked on twitter one day and he had followed me. :)
can you DM me FASTER !
He's a real good kid.
It's been a min since I did some public speaking
I saw your dress and my jaw dropped... Haha, I miss you too Chuck ! Quit swerving on a nuckaa.
Damn tonight Is gonna be crazy I am performing with dev, jason derulo, jerimiah, 50 cent, jump smokers, riz, and a whole lot more!
Did you go get your free #BSHU hoodies in Dundalk
I had my eyes on ya lol
now I do ba dum tiss
You too!!! Love u <3
what time did u go?:)
Reynolds is the worst everyday player in the majors.
follow and please :D x25
Good to know that as long as "Rich Girl" by Hall & Oates exists, my enemies will never have to resort to waterboarding me.
MLK had an amazing way with words. People keep quoting him but hearing him say it makes all the difference
Tough loss for my boys last night. Still very proud of all your hard work and success this season!
Ah, this is all VERY GOOD. Shows us how people really want to MAKE stuff!
what are your plans for tomorrow?
no joshua.
MT : In US, Bibionid flies r known as Lovebugs b/c of their extremely long copulation. In Australia name=F*ckflies.
I dislike u before I even met u. How that happen?
Off-Road Tri? or Road Tri?
Let me clarify, I support Bo Ryan and ALL THE OTHER COACHES that have restricted players transfer locations. So I support all NCAA coaches.
They don't sell alcohol on campus so I suppose since I don't drink pop I'll use it as my alcohol
really? Why?
hope the rest of your auditions today went as well as ours!
does anyone know if that's a legit acct?
New Judas Priest album in the next year? Yes, please!
Well, you should start tweeting about cricket. The greatest gift to world civilization.
Are you excited about coming to Spain on October 6th?
It has been a while , this is one of the busiest months , so many thing to do so little time , I wish they were more hours in a day .
jaflkjakfjasfjal this always happens to me you guys ajfljweiowfwe rawr
lol.... You crack me up. Do you think it's going to be a good seller?
Last nite was fun but ima try keeping on the dl for a while now.
Yeah, the SWP runs the show in Britain. there can be no doubt about that
ha ha
chill yooo girl is apart it so shtup
May need to temporarily block until she stops talking about / showing pics of homemade Thin Mints
just heard the new single yesterday. Sounding great bro!
We all have that one person we would take back in a second, no matter how much they hurt us in the past.
My project is done and turned in. Smooth sailing from here on out for the rest of the semester
Chris brown ugh so cute !
Okay, I'm a little freaked out by this. Does anyone believe that this is going to help?
did you have fun last night at the Esquire Event?
#LMSunSIG what about touch? From unkeynote
Welp electricity is out. Guess I'll light some candles and play some indoor soccer.
Merry christmas! :)
Happy national dance week! Oh. And may the fourth be with you!
The last thing I feel like doing after a long day of therapy sometimes is TALK!
Has anyone read STARBOARD SEA. I thought it was pretty good.
Skip Clueless RT : And in Skippy's world, Tim Tebow is a great QB but Aaron Rodgers is overrated. What a weirdo.
A long long time ago, in a Midwest state far away, a myth was born.
What time you working? RT : At Bobby Sibley I got u
I can typically handle my 2 year olds shows, but Alvin & the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is nauseating as shit. Thank God Jason Lee is Dave.
Thanks! It was great meeting you too!
M biRria & cHaVeLaS...! love the diversity 0f my faMiLy....!!
#Jogging on the beach + listening to #Aerosmith = #Heaven!!
Ill Be Gone For A Few Months, Not A Few Years.. Don't Touch My Shiittttttt! -__-
True, and that's the choice some other libraries make.
I absolutely LOVE this: "Your writer's block may not be a stop sign. It might just be a slow light" - Roberts Rules of Writing
Now on to Hail to the Thief.
you wen't to the pomona show and didn't say hi ?!
dude ima fuckan cry :( we need those tickets.........
Look at you all up in the Twitters these days. :)
bout to step in the building
In Hidden Valley, childhood obesity is covered up in creamy ranch dressing.
--Thank you very much!
My printer just woke from sleep mode with a huge toner.
seriously jumping out of my pants in anticipation of the schiaparelli/prada exhibit at the met. who's coming with??!
Battle of the two shadows. DJ Shadow vs. Twin Shadow.
. in defense of "slacktivism" as a gateway drug to activism #innact [supplements to activism; same as "consciousness-raising"]
thx for the follow...I look forward to your tweets! Looks like you have a baby on the way as well?? Congrats! Keep in touch ;)
Funny how no matter how old you get you still have to come out to people. Got the BIGGEST hug today from the latest :) <3
Why the Heat will win: Boston = too old, rest of the East blow, Lakers = maybe 2 yrs ago, OKC = 2 yrs from now, Spurs = maybe 10 yrs ago
If you are in Berlin tonight, join me, Torsten Goods, Phil Steen and Peter Gall at Berlin's hippest jazz club, A-Trane. I am having a...
k lo k brah tranki making music to el dia...
#NFB THE ONE N ONLY REAL #R&B EVERYBODY #FOLLOW THIS TALENTED GUY. #TEAMR&B
RT : Happy Dyngus Day! Head over to the Polish Triangle today for Easter Monday festivities. We'll be open at 3.......
Agree bro!
I can't taste ur car insurance.
