Good Morning sis I am leaving for lunch now and hope you have a wonderful day. :) <3 XOXOXOXO
#sociallearn "Help people locate and identify trusted resources on the Social Web" -- i like this mindset a lot. don't avoid. encourage.
Thanks for the tweet and the awesome story!
Cindy Greenleaf--in argumentation students argue without using science facts.
Just took my shirt off and instantly lost my breath..*faints*
reporting that will opt out of contract with #Blazers and test free agency next season.
Pray for the 6-year-old boy
I would like to get some new
Let's Go to Afternoon Tea Meetup members enjoyed Afternoon Tea at Bloomsbury Tea Room in Capitola, CA this past Saturday!
If only! RT : Could you imagine a more beautiful place to do some Snorkeling? Us either.. ANSE CHASTANET ST.LUCIA is at...
Boo! (Notice I am booing your bad pun with another bad pun... Cemeteries? Boo? Oh, never mind...)
Pleasseee , Make my Birthday special and follow me , i love you <3
Thanx for sending on Museum Commons post.
Someone threw a bag of dog poop in our bushes
Now that droids have instagram..you all have no excuse GET ONE!!
Slowly losing my 'thumos'
We can't help it. Have you seen this kid? You'd understand. Lol!!
Hey Vivian, would you be interested in covering CMJ for a blog?
Heading into a meeting of the "in-charges". Code of Conduct smackdown awaits.
Thank you very much! You're nice :)
#Seahawks will kick some ass
Beautiful day hiking Mt. Washington w/family.
went to bed but the computer followed ! !
“: I need the nfl network in my room. I fucking hate baseball on espn. It's almost as bad as watching paint dry” Amen.
JPMorganChase was founded in 18th century as a water company. I wonder what products/services will be selling in 200-odd yrs!
I'm blessed love..good morning . What u up to this fine day RT : I'm good & you
Huntsman: Republican affiliation based on traditions of past leaders
thanks for the RT - amazing what we can do now!
We're done! Ya'll did great! I hope your days are all excellent! =]
Yeah Curtis!!! Woo-hoooo
I am out walking in the city and literally listening to the album on my iPhone right now! Love it! #ins&doubts
Open Source- describes a philosophy, methodology or practice in dev that promotes access to end product's source material- Word up!
You Already Know I'll Be Here G! Luv
I truly love those eggs. I can tell the difference.
snow globe?
I live my life a quarter mile at a time. Nothing else matters. For those ten seconds or less... I'm Free
thanks for following me
peaches, peaches, peaches! We have a bunch. 4 trays of them are in the dehydrator and just made a peach big crumb coffee cake! m!
The whole situation pisses me off.
One of my alltime favorites Just perfect.
New S. Studies #teachers: What do you wish you had learned in your certification program that would have prepared u 4 your 1st yr?
That's A Good Look.....
yo respect bro I'm a big fan of your music keep it up
I feel like you'd be proud of my KPOP (ish) gif on my latest post. ;)
#JACOBJEWELS are ready for that new music when is it comin
Aw snap! She done been dickmatized!
wow a tweet from flash im star struck. Ur such a big celebrity lol.
i don't know portland well enough to have a suggestion...
Don't break me down.
So yes, Minecraft is exactly as addicting as they say.
Really, emotionally more than mentally....
Awh again? What about going to bed in time for once? ;) No tv shows or whatever ;) ♥
Today is the day ima be chillen at my crib wit mi amor <3 and ima kick his bun buns at disney trivia. 1 to 1
Told the guy in line behind me to please stop coughing his cigarette breath on me. And he looked at me like I was the rude one.
I've just got an extra ticket anyone want to join us?
I challenge you to RT me Brother!!! Thanks for all you do.
This is GREAT! YAY YAYAYAYAYAYYA XO J
My bestie is with a Bahamian #sigh oh the nostalgia :-)
ok its really hard but ill try!
Feels good to stretch my creative legs!
Regimes are toppled faster than it takes the NBA to play a 1st round series. The NFL SEASON is only 16. Bring back best of 5
hey papa, when are you making your grand appearance?!
. says DH follows lead of corporations in as-yet unackowledged ways. Calls for hacktivism=a discharge of that guilt
Thanks. Looking forward to presenting & answering social media questions at your Nicollet East Harriet Business Assoc. meeting
love the idea! Good luck.
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over Part of me believing it was always something that I'd done
Hahahah and that even more awkward moment when you say "maybe..."
good morning!
#greatday to be at the ball park! ⚾☀
Love movies before bed #relaxing only you are on my mind
if you go checkout i most definitely will! ;D
Thanks to all our fans for voting in the #superbandcontest! Too bad it was based on fan votes that could never afford tickets $500.
OH MY GOD. I'M SO HUNGRY. looks delicious
no thanks.
i would be too if by relatives tried that ish
Keep calm Stephen and may the odds be ever in your favor.
The space! Lots of room to cook tons of meat and the efficiency with the DigiQ is amazing!
weird night..
I'll be celebrating at #SacDerbyDays at ... but of course! :)
saw rhony reunions. Appalled! Those brunettes are mean with Luann as ringleader and Kelly as court jester. Kelly = nice? Not.
*First Place Indians are Still bouncing thru your Time line*
It's obvious that you're dying, dying. Just living proof that the camera's lying.
Take THAT
Carlos Pena may be having a great year .. but you absolutely cannot take a strikeout with the bases loaded and nobody out in the 9th, down 1
I am a cutie then:D
#InstantTurnOn sultry but acts innocent
ya geez who does that guy think he is...
It does seem ironic that the scores for the open source question are low, but open source replacements are frequently given.
peanut butter Blizzard!
Yep, rather than writing an app 6 ways 'til Sunday for the plethora of mobile OS's, have the bulk of programming in HTML5
I'm sitting a few rows behind you in the upper seating. Wish I'd spotted you before session began! :)
where do you live that it's that nice?
can u do Friday instead of Thursday possibly. I have a 130 mtg I have to go into office for
i like all the shapes on your face :)
Got da massive ass migraine
RT : #shoutout #follow my peep he's a newbie to
its a Monday WOO guess whats up next for mahomies?? YouNow with and hope they rock it tonite<33
Pray for me!!!
dan just ordered one for me! i don't know if it's black or white. i'll let you know when it arrives!
None of us can wait for the Andrew Dice Clay show tonight in Nashville! Its gona be fucking epic
i wont have parents, i could sneek out with no problem. we just need a ride
Genius! :p And here I was thinking you were rich...
oh oh oh! Or is it just a hit and run?:-) (hehe and si! And Of course babe!)
the I my problem is that when you're there it's a no shenanigans zone
Who the fuck took my pink lighter out of my car... I will find you
LSP's is teetering on the brink of 3000 Twitter followers Who will be the lucky 1 to push him over the edge?
haha how do you hate beyonce?
Blended learning takes the best of f2f and online which is why it works so well.
"Oh my god were at Disney world they can do whatever they want!". NO! Control your kids.
Stay safe, friends in Dallas.
Searches that brought people to my webs site: alpha male and female primate; chimpanzee pedophilia; aggressive wife beating husband
pos u got lost :b
Thanks for joining the Pitt ranks just in time for graduation Peregrine chicks!
l do not wanna go to school today.
RIP Steve Jobs
Enjoying a can of Fat Tire. A rare thing in Pittsburgh.
Ethical Bull Breed Rescue and Referral: HSUS - Humane Alert ...
Popeyes chicken hit the spot!
Here is my platano loco cupcake enjoy
~ this seems to be the case after a couple of years
Tuesday is Family Night #Baltimore >Get 5 Sonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5PM. Now that's a deal>That's $9 in savings. 8212 Liberty Rd
“: Just went through my friend requests. Had roughly 150 if them. Maybe I should check that shit more often..”
This is making me laugh.
yooo follow me my dude!
It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution.
Filling out my Twitter profile.
Someone bring me hot soup!!!
New Orleans is a party city
Well behaved women seldom make history.
I am a #catperson because I love their independent spirits.
i wanna go swimmin tho even tho its windy as hell
jus laughed as a hype as 4 a drink of my milkshake while walkin bac 2 work, lol
EPIC set tonight at #RecherTheater just wish I could have gotten a pic with
I hope i get to see my boyfriend for more than 2 min tomorrow 😒
My twitter feed is like my daily therapy. I just read my feed and usually get a lift in mood b/c I only follow those who R O C K =D
said she not drinking dis week. O.o yrgtfoh lol
Have a wonderful day, everyone.
What did you think of Isobel's tantrum? Was she this much of a pain last season? Haha I don't remember her being so unbearable.
Can't you skip all classes and listen to them later?
So....where do you want to see a Bear Lake show this fall?
Build for your team a feeling of oneness, of dependence on one another and of strength to be derived by unity. - Vince Lombardi
same itss just amazing.
I'M THINKING ABOUT MY AUNTIE YOU WILL BE MISSED TRULY
MY GOYFRIEND JUST RAN INTO A SIGN AND I'M LAUGHING AT HIM.
yeah a little
Just had to explain to my little sister that even though her mom doesn't make her wash her hands, she has to at our house. Is this a joke?
And quit putting the deli meat in with the raw meat.
sweet. hope you made it back safe, and your beer did too ;)
xoxo :* love you!
OMG, so sad. Prayers.
and I look back in regret when I didn't listen, when they said run as fast as you can;
Developing interpretive panel templates for our 60th anniversary exhibit. Stay tuned for more info on this new outreach collaboration.
#weeklyrecap: Ethics class ended at DU, 4 disability evals completed, numerous reports written, and a visit from the FBI.
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it.
RT : RT : "Women aren't a special interest group. We're half the human race." ~
Haha, I had to read that twice to get it but then I lol-d!
RT : Everybody know i screen calls, so if I don't fuck wit ya stop blowing my phone up...#bitchesthesedays... Really? Lol
is flying back to Chicago after a great interview in Casper, Wyoming
#JS8 the brand coming to #Atlanta #Atmosphere soon
#tobehonest you can go kick rocks!:)
Save up to 70% on travel this weekend! Book from 3 wks to 3 hrs before departure. Packages include flight, hotel & more. www.FreeXpedia.com
you sound a little bitter
Some people in this fandom are rude, don't listen you have every right to be here just as much as the older girls do.
chip wht up
God morning #montgomery #Alabama! I hope everyone stays safe with the approaching storms.
why are you so beautiful and talented?! You're too amaze-balls. My mind and body can't handle it! Come to Hawaii for vaca!
Workout done and over...Feeling awesome fam just clocking out for the day ;)
This girl sittin nxt to me is bad af , cnt even concentrate
Clear your cache and cookies. Reboot try again. RT : I can't get on the site:)
Here we go!
Each production site is billed individually. There is no charge for sandbox sites.
Tomorrow one of the big day in my academic life so nervous and excited!!!
lol no not the baby
don't rush it lol , it hit af down there lol!
Just assigning ISBNs to some great new books which are forthcoming in the #legenda series from &
That's what's up, thank you :). How's your week been?
If you're telling me you wouldn't let R Kelly piss on you while he sang 'I Believe I Can Fly' you're a goddamn liar. So much soul.
It's one of those days!
If you let me inside of your world🎶
C'mon Jersey beat those damn Flyers already!
We were right off of pch and didn't feel anything!?
“: CBS not showing Grammys live on west coast. CBS sucks gaga's egg! Have they not heard of twitter? Pure idiocy.”
4 more days until I see you at the Rave!!!!!!
my phone isn't working.
Coast Guard application filed today. First step in making Portland Boat Tours launch this spring. Get excited!
I feel sorry 4 those who have to go thru that hurricane
lunch was m good. had some roastbeef with gravy and fries.
Thanks for stopping in! How was your visit?
so glad it's Friday! Can't take another day of working with all the rednecks in my office. Who are we!? Mississippi or something?
You only get lost at the plaza once in your life
Excited that Mad Men and The Killing are BACK!
Follow back?
oh yeah, but wait you're seeing him twice NY and then Cali 😉 so you win!!! 😊☺
you give really good hugs! :D
Watching The Skeleton Key, ive never seen it before its pretty good
Happy B-Day to my friend Cymbre! Great time at Spare Room Roosevelt last night. Bar/w bowling lane and a game of scrabble cant b beat
My dad is in Alabama and doesn't know how to change the time on his phone LOL
- Thanks for the # shoutout. Having an awesome day!
“#Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.” - Pat Riley
Physicality, tactility. I can't forget/ignore it easily like I can bits on my hard drive. It's annoying- usefully
looking forward to whatever it is or will become!
But if its only mentioned once, dont u think adultery & divorce r much bigger issues to sanctity of marriage?
RT : Visiting in Reston, VA today to interview regarding his firm McMahon Welch & Learned watch for the video soon
Are ILS vendors excited about exploring the potential of RDA/FRBR? I've seen very little movement that's not reactive (VTLS excepted)
No idea how guns and permits work but: if you're under 18, can you carry a gun without a permit in your name? Go to a shooting range? Hunt?
Butterfly in the sky, I will beat your ass in trivia.
Game Time! get ready Colonials Fans, great football is coming to Kelleher!
Congratulation to Monty Ball on being named a finalist for the Heisman. Is there room for one more in the football trophy case!
We now know Malkin is a Santorum supporter. She was doing the same as Coulter, trying 2 destroy every other candidate.
And the depressing thing is...I know I'm doing all this just to get a failing grade...
#ThoughtsWhileRunning shoot me...
Happy mothers day to all the mothers doing the job!
My ears are burning! Ugh.... Someone must be talking about me 👂🔥
Welcome to Michelle DiBattiste of Occidental College, on her way to Dublin for the summer!
Had an awesome new year! There's no place like NYC ;D
Bouta knock out.
Tweeting in a Photoshoot right now.
u love u
The key to successful #leadership today is influence, not authority - Kenneth Blanchard
Existence depicts. I'm not going to hell for someone else. I've been down there...
ONE MORE PERIOD.
thumbing through 's #PermissionMarketing again
spending time outdoors
Reading Catching Fire (second book of The Hunger Games), drinking wine and cuddling with my two kitties... I love being a female! :)
Not exactly a ringing endorsement.
OMG, this diet must be working: I no longer crave Taco Bell every minute of every day.
I'm SO excited to see you tomorrow!!! I'll be in the 2nd Row!!! Can't wait!!! :-)
We are going into to finish drums and start on bass next Saturday. We love our rhythm section!
I'm heavy handed. I can't have nothing.
yeeeeee okay love you !!!! Even if we are spreading apart
Good move sending Stephanie Sutton to #DWTS! Love the reporting on !
Wow check it out! RT We're sorry to hear this. Please alert your conductor on board about your connection issues.
Watching #SunsetBlvd & reminiscing about a lot of good, bad & indifferent memories of my own.
😒 RT ": Congratulations!! You smoke and tweet about it!"
Today I learned that motivation can come and increase while doing the task.
Where? RT Anyone wanna hoop outside today?
I'm not a baby! You're the baby! And I know. I like my name in yyour phone. It's cute(: you're cute.
Happy Easter from our family to yours! We open at 4pm today :)
Just Go with the flow, God is driving the car -->> FAITH!
Some say I'm up tight n need to relax but I hve 2 much 2 lose and many people tht want me 2 freak up. Not goin give them the satisfaction.
Jason Bonham's Led Zepp Experience tonight!!
clearly the merry go round could help with that;)
I just went swimming and my hair is disgusting!!
Anyone currently using an HTC One S? Kind of want to buy one and go to that T-Mobile $30 prepaid plan.
Love scary movies :)
I'd love to, but I'm not blaming a kid for having diabetes. He really struggled last year, so maybe a blessing in disguise.
Mrs.smith is going to take your phone again and say "omg I have to save a kid out of the water #fml"
There was actually a second round of peer review on the chapters post-conference, which is why I'm unsure.
:-) fun times
I see clean right through you Taylor!
hey girls what's up? How have you been?
When I close my eyes, i see the perfect woman, when I close my eyes, I see you
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood affects yours .
But still....U just dont get to his level....
Hi Dan. I'm wanting to learn how to bake bread. Any tips on how to get started? Recipes?
Bajan Reggae night disappoints
I hate getting dressed only to find out plans are cancelled dude -__-
surprise performance Ms. Lauryn Hill tonight only @ Grand Central Dwntn Miami | 697 N. Miami Ave . ticketfly.com
Gonna be the saddest day and the happiest!!!!
are you exporting email addresses?
Sick default! XD
Naht-YOUR cup of tea?
co-creation can be great if you have a bunch of experts. but if everyone same to start with, isn't it blind leading the blind?
Oh awkwards conversations in the bathroom
Ordered something from at 9:21 PM last night. It was delivered at 11:04 AM this morning.
You may field 12 players--we want to show you how much better we are with 11.
Morning Oregon!Great Day to make some quick cash for junk cars today!
I HATE drama!!! But if u bring it to my phone, house, fb, twitter just know ima finish that shit.
ugh you have no idea.
I have a Facebook account just search my name Barbara Akram & there i am.. i will add u as a friend..:-) :-) :-)
I can now join the rest of America in saying that I've seen the Hunger Games. PhD stuff = damper on the pursuit of cultural relevance.
haha she has NO idea!
Waiter Shawn re-explained sweet breads for the kids. Lol
Questioning things..
Weekly Quote: "I don't think that once you get to one level, you can relax. You've got to keep pushing. " -- Larry Bird, basketball player …
I'll let you know if anything changes
RT awarded ALA Diversity Research Grant to explore the way elementary librarians collect diverse materials
“: I hate when the conversation dies between you and the person you love.”
now following , follow back ?
I miss your live chats.
the crap we talk da guys we stalk laughs we cant stop the gosip we spil loks that kil wel be together cuz wer best friends forever
would one of u invite me to pin interest?
Haha wow. Not sure what to say to that.
HGTV MT : What's your default TV channel?
Middlebrooks - wow! Is Youk going to take his time returning?
my favorite place! Pick me up some candy please
Ready to watch the USA win and move on to the quarterfinals
Sometimes it takes me a min to follow back sorry.
Good lord... it's probably a sad sign that I recognize those Pancakes being ones from The Griddle Cafe at Sunset and Fairfax.
I'm official like the dude in the strips
I feel weird when I realize I don't have to go to sleep.
she's only about 7 she just always looks miserable
Oh heck, I just broke my own "no politics on social networks" rule. Ten day suspension for me.
Learn what makes them tick, know what lifts them.....
I have never been afraid to go and get a #haircut until no
* Brother , RT I miss my lil sister n really needa talk to her!
Also congrats to and Katie Beirne who are tying the knot tonight. Huzzah!! to quote
Newt's reference to Alinsky coded anti-semitism in SC. Newt would deny & play victim. He forgot that FL has many Jewish voters.
On Facebook couples whose pictures pop up in our newsfeeds: "Go love each other in real life, not on Facebook!" -
the refs must be related to McNabb
Four pillars of social media for International: learn, educate, help, thank
Wait, there's stuff in your timeline that you need to be urgently updated on?
anyone interested in a THATCamp Bay Area meet up at the Irish Bank this Sat to welcome friends from DigitalNZ & Powerhouse Museum?
working on the new www.skiracingdevelopment.com website - will launch in the fall...more to come!!!
Hey you there... The movie about you comes out tomorrow... You fluckin chimpanzee
Just a reminder that net proceeds from tomorrow's Pacers game goes to United Way of Central Indiana. Great way to kick off season!
oh good! Glad to see some people agree haha
Congratulation to my god daughter #Jamika Whitsett. Graduated frm East Carolina University.B.S NUTRITION SCIENCE.:-)
Facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win a $25 gift card !
ha, it worked! For some reason I can't just pause that memory response.
hahaha ... tell us how its done!!! NOW!
Starting to lose respect for a lot of family more and more..
i knw rite u gotta get a shit load of fucking hits on youtube 2 get on tv
sounds good!
#HappyBirthdayMadison did this seriously not trend?
Anti-dog RT "To be sure, the dog is loyal. But why should we take him as an example? He is loyal to man, not to other dogs."
hey buddy! good to see you on here? how is everything with you?
Wake up in the morning feeling like a burger
On a scale of 1- african how hungry are you ?
These multis deserve like an extra big medal cause they do like 10 events. --
YES!!! It's home brew night at the White House!!!! My favorite is the Islamic Pale Ale. Joe's favorite is the Kennedy Special (19% alcohol).
It's tough! It's difficult! It's tufficult!
thank you! where are you guys headed this weekend?
Thanks so much for your enthusiasm! It's always great to connect with our #comunidad !
i think im kill bill freddy jason and if i get up in her i leave her body acen
Im so freakin scared
Birds of feather breakfast about storytelling - hosted by Join us to talk about stories
I am rooting for the #OrlandoMagic; after what #DwightHoward did to his coach, I want Van Gundy to show him he is not what he thinks he is.
so i am like 100% completely in love with <3
So all 3 of my exboyfriends are married/getting married... Let the drinking commence </3
congrats on making it home. And for avoiding napalm. Headed to heathrow now.
Right?? Would be crazy.
treme killed last night at davies in sf. today they are on playboy jazz fest at hollywood bowl -- sfjazz collective on stage after them.
I have a couple of demo "decks" made up. I need someone to test them on.
I'm no longer trying to do this, I'm just
Looking for recommendations on a good web-based intranet app for 300+ users.
You are not doing a heck of a lot better covering basketball...
no. What messages?
Fabulously insightful & career enhancing tweets from -->
Boo hoo! You have an iPad. I'm totally jealous and want to see it before you go!
thanks Gin!
Before the Housing Melt down 25% of loans were subprime once they eleminated SP those loans went from 8% to 13% and that is the real Deal.
Hey hey hey it's BTR!!!
thanks for the #FF shout out! :)
Thanks, Ryan. How are you?
I'm off to see star trek. There's something satisfying about seeing a movie @ 9:30 am...
yeah true... but the dude has the greatest ass in
So. Fucking. Horny.
abstraction is a type of decadence
you don't need to refrigerate cheese if you plan to eat it within a couple of days. Pb&j likewise.
: just watched your interview with ugh, it was #amazing loved, your dedication on album to #TomHanks ^_^
thanks for the retweet :)
I don't even no what time it starts
thanks for your note. #ConnectedCulture will be available on #ipad by end of June 2011, same with #kindle and #nook versions
Smokin a clove in a darkened corner and watching a drunken lovers quarrel.
Dark Paul Gosselaar.
Yeah, I've gotten the allclear to leave -- but I fear the traffic. Yuck.
We are off to Columbus OH to see The President
Dupont Circle and Georgetown
Eating my momma b day cake
. who's idea was it that you can't serve food at the down stairs bar?
Tuna salad with lotsa celery and lemon
Idk he was kinda my ride... I cant find my buss pass.
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere There are all kinds of people busy in different things at different time in different places.
happened to me too last month, took three days but police got it for me. Love Find My iPhone app
there you go.
ha - we agree with that one!
Damn same age as me, livin his live, and he never knew it would be taken away so quickly. The thought of it is very perplexing
Congrats Badgers! Big Ten Championship Gear Now Available! www.buckyslockerroom.com
It is not too early to apply for summer #internships and jobs!
New twitpic! Oh I love my eyes ♥
I'm in! Weekend or weekday better? I can do this Sun afternoon (2/5) or next Mon afternoon (2/13).
Dan Savage is an advocate for cis, white, able-bodied, middle-class gay men, and to hell with everyone else.
RT : New #SavageU tonight on at 11 PM. I'll be tweeting along—join me!
The Silk Tie likes Zev! We share an interest in entrepreneurship, do we share an interest in ties?
Q1-I buy fresh foods several times each week
Change the batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide detectors once a year, test them regularly.
The publisher makes that decision:-(. But I promise to let you know if they decide to go with an ebook version.
oh cool cool lol
Gangsta grizill RT : Thai chili shrimp. Chinese eggplant. Wasabi Salmon... Chicken Yakatori... all going on the grill...
Tim Riggins was on GMA this morning???? Stupid work trip...always messes with my morning news show viewing.
I think there's a support group for people like us. ;-)
in my acting class we discuss empathy all the time. It's critical for our role as storytellers.
Special is ready, soup is made, bring on the people! I am ready for a good & busy day. I don't care if I can't walk after!
How about that Governor Doe, eh?
Growing up & living around Dallas, I don't remember the weather being as crazy & unpredictable as it has been the past 4 years.
how did you get your twitter pic?
I'm looking forward to seeing the user interface via the Beta
that would be amazing :D
Bummer, Seth told me the only reason he's been so nice to me is because his girlfriend thinks I'm emo and handicapped
Had a Great Time today with some really Great Friends!
Double header & won both games. Yay!
Good morning all looks like a great day to work on some good music
your welcome :-)
Yum! Care to share? ;) RT Some #Tampico With Some Chili Cheese Fries =D
Just cut a good three inches off my bangs. I'm going to miss being able to put them in my pony tail
Hunter Hayes' voice is perfect 😍
you crazy as hell, Kobe dat nigga!
SO COLD.
“It is and has always been an American zeal to be first in everything we do, and to win…”~Vince Lombardi
Of course!!!! Idk when though...
Brewers are in beast mode
Always wondering what today would be like if he'd never died
Nahh the school. Ima lift then come home.
Oh, it exists. Let's not be so rigid about existence.
The Hanbury Williams daughters relate to father through theater.
I think we can all say called that one
Let's go !
Check out the Wounded Warrior Project. A wonderful organization.
I'm waiting on apple wit the mac
Glad you guys are back to just podcasting. Thought the TV format was holding you down a bit.
I missed you more princess RT : ... I missed you today! :-(
Just stupid just plan stupid
voted for ya!
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up. ~ Denise Richards
What happened to 1 of my final 4 picks Missouri??!!!!!
AND MY SWAGG
Follow for great #photography tips and tricks. Thanks for putting together good info, Brian!
#Cupcakes for breakfast allow the creativity to flow. Implementing this as an every-day occurrence
#MAHOMIES gonna go hard and get this worldwide <3
Happy Easter!!!
since forever!
Marissa's is "West Coast Marketing Coordinator" and Jimbo's is "Manager of Cheer"
Had an amazing volleyball season with and (: love you both<3
Movistar brings Sony Xperia U to Spain - Telecompaper (subscription)
huge get for you guys. Watched him play several times. Athletic, giant freak. Really wanted him in Indy
You are an inspiration to everyone. I wish you the best life, and i hope you will notice me someday :) xx
We just followed up!
did you know that i love you.? (;
Great worship service this morning!
i just burped really loud , ops . lol
Only fearing God and nothing else
yes, the if supports sopa
So nice to see so many children in the audience at today's showing of World Peace in Charlottesville! They love it!
Longbar tonight!!!....for the grown & sexy!
really good! Less flash thankfully and I'm really loving liza weil (aka paris geller)! Also still lovin Columbus Short
Agreed. Perfect example of the absurdity of many of the #juvenilejustice system practices
hmm no, I hate you :)
Great day of cramming linux knowledge. 16 more days like this and I may actually pass this exam!
resume building workshop this thursday from 5-6pm at Hillel!
Iron man 2 was a blast movie
Play the CCR version of "I Heard It Through the Grapevine" on is always good.
Really liking Azure cloud platform. Contrary to Benioff's 'Azune' quip at Web 2.0 last year, this might take off
caffeine overload.
that happened to me in a casino once....lol
Stange: "The ability to condition sequential ed decisions on new info increases welfare...makes ed outcomes less polarized by background."
act like a Princess , look like Barbie , smoke like Marley !
dude I'm from Kentucky and don't even think that's funny. Yet. I think you're hilarious. Can u take that 1 back?
I see. Yeah, I think the Lions aren't desperate enough or elite enough to roll the dice like that. If that makes sense.
Thank you God for a Sky Tonight That Is Kentucky Blue!
Thanks for RT! Enjoy your weekend!
Yeah, losing by 1 would've been devastating. Oh well, next yr I guess!
Miguel Cotto brought it last night. My respect for this boricua knows no limit. Sadly, not enough to get the win. But damn, what heart!
<--- Recommend to follow
hehee. <3 you're sessy and you know it (;
“: That ruling on Pitbulls in the state of md is bs” agree here buddy
Really interesting games!
pep rally tonight!
Ppl bring all these other issues into it. I don't. I'm a pragmatist - USE A CONDOM! Cheap, easy to use, directions included...
Studio with and
Belieber And Directioner Always,And I never Forget,,,,,
Advertisers, pay for your ad only when customers interact with it and get real time analytics.
It's a yoga pants kind of day.
RT : Its game time!!
Gatta finish putting this mixtape together... (In the studio)
Watching Horrible Bosses, this movie is a trip lol
Maybe it's the BATHING they object to in the story, rather than the nudity LOL
The dread of death follows from the dread of life. A man who lives thoroughly is prepared to die anytime.
im from cleveland. u?
It's better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for who you are not.
#HappyThanksgiving! Enjoy your day with your friends and loved ones!
Justin Will Always Be Our Hero ... of course i love <3
d'oh! Go figure, it'd be one of the 6 days out of the year when it's not hot and sunny there!
looking good
my god, this cast is outstanding.
Finally getting my flu shot
thanks for all the live tweeting last night! great event coverage by a great sponsor!
#youknowyouhungrywhen you constantly say "im hungry"
Newcastle are in form. Wow.
by biggest, I meant most $$. And it wouldn't be close
what celebrity would you most like to see ?
Frank Nobilo who has actually been EASY on TW recently "Tiger won't even say hello to me these days" Typical Woods, kiss that ass....or OUT.
all the guys i like make me laugh on a daily basis, i swear♥
Fazolis breadsticks are as good as it gets though. That's high class no matter where you are. Especially if they are unlimited.
“ Shut the fuck up, all you do is Bitch.”
wish I could be there now!!
Portland flights booked, trips to Austin, Hawaii and LA in the works, and New York, you need to happen, soon.
Good idea, but I think they would eat his lunch if he had a spokesperson…oh wait they are eating his lunch.
Water is just another word for Diet Coke without caffeine.
I dont like lebron or Kobe I like Carmelo Anthony !
I've seen proprietary docs in the open before. I usually let the local sysadmin know -- sometimes they think it's secured.
Thank you for a wonderful, memorable awards day in Tallahassee.
Thanks for the follow bruh, if you want to do a track HMU
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. - Judy Garland
I shall not give up. I will tweet once a day until she recognizes me and tweet me back. :(
RT "What a #teacher writes on the blackboard of life can never be erased." ~Author Unknown
OMC amazing #RT Elvira just spanked my ass raw w/my riding crop...which I gifted to her loveliness
I thought I was ready for you. I guess I was wrong...
"Gosh you're a minger. Haha." -Sophie
The Finest Things in Life are Free.
#bigbangtheory marathon on
UR A FUCKING HATER. AUSTIN IS A BELIEBER TO ! I THOUGHT BELIEBERS WER FAMILY. UR JUST A HATER.
Heading down to the river today? Perhaps the pool?
was he cute?
The best way out is always through. ~Robert Frost
Thank you very much. I am glad you enjoyed it. :) thank u vry much for looking.
“: Skin, TAG, Gina Miller and I just had a short visit with Jay-Z. Pretty sure we're all a posse now.” photo or it didn't happen
M yeah. I'm not sure this next MBP will switch up all of Apple's Mac lineups though. The computer you're describing will.
your welcome :)) have a great rest of the week!!! I wouldn't object to you posting more pics of yourself ;)) hahaha ...
LOL no you don't!
Cat owners– how long did your new cat hide when you brought it home? I figure a week is OK (on day 3) but my kids are not so sure.
Aside from "Duh" - how would u ask us fans to react to your epic "Move On" tweet?
Mr. Hankins is retiring for the evening, or as we say at Hankins Ranch, "GOODNIGHT, GOON."
Ellis for Bogut. Jackson not key at all.
#yolo by the strokes is my favorite song
Spotted a 1BD on 12th just south of John yesterday. Top of a house. Included garage. Was around $1300/mo tho
good to see you today! Sorry we didn't get a chance to talk~
looking up my cousin
I opened the curtains so that sun would know it’s way inside.
Boy stop
Oh wow. We definitely have some catching up to do!
Enjoyed watching the 2012 kids choice awards. I feel connected back to my childhood. Congrats to Will Smith for hosting!!!
Thank you Walmart and Sam's Club for a great first week of the balloon campaign. You are helping make miracles happen!
Cleaning the house spotless for a party that I'm not even allowed to attend.
Is your house looking Drab? Hire me to make it Fab.
Come by today for Wine Wednesday! All bottles are half price!
Happy Belated Birthday from Jacklyn, Nichole, Sam, Stormy & I! We wanted to be the last ones to tell you not the first. (;<
Oh yes McCain did! Holocaust and jews=money....might just hang him
Yeah I've done some pretty stupid things but hey, I'm a little bit harder and a whole lot smarter, that's how I got to be this way. 💛
Damn I'm old MCA of the #BeastieBoys died.
Spread the word! Tonight openly gay & Jewish Republican candidate for President Fred Karger on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
no it did not :l my took a day or two to change if you're trying to change it
SMH on these young moms who have a different baby daddy for every kid
At capitol for conservation slumber party!!
Tbh This Is Not Racisim. It is so funny when spanish and white people say "Nigga" But They Shit Be Dope Af Doe.
gotta teach these 7 n 8 yr olds the nations past time, oh n can't fuckin wait for softball this summer w my niggas
Things learned so far: look through the turn, keep your knees and elbows bent to absorb the impact of the obstacles... this is a lot of fun!
Maybe those reviewers aren't in their right mind!
The poetry man is on my el train right now. He has a 'poetry man' themesong.
Never heard back from you in the fall. Need to get in touch b4 FF. Need to connect in New Orleans. Important to Mgrs.
RT : software developer in #Tampa, #Miami, or South Florida? knowledge of .Net I'd like to help you find a project!
Race hard or don't race at all
ATSU-KCOM art expo going on in the Centennial Commons TODAY until 6:00. Music, art, and refreshments. Be sure to stop by.
#Broncos need to keep #TimTebow. Can't make same mistake as
love you and yall are my favorites on #DanceMomsMiami! Stay awesome :))) Lucas is so sassy I love it haha!
((XCLUSIVE)) PRESENTS THE NEW "3RD WARD" RADIO SHOW WITH BANGING ALL THE NEW FLAVOR! SHOW LAUNCHING IN MAY 2012
I love she is so wonderful
Fuck You Pay Me!!
Nick, is it true that you will be performing at the Miami Piano Festival?
Been doing my nails since 11:30 AM. This lady is too slow.
#SignsAPersonCantCook - Nothing in the Kitchen or refrigerator or they use the Oven as place to keep clothes
"Do you do improv?" "Yeah...how'd you know?" "You have a mustache."
make sure you say hi to David Diehl of the #GIANTS visitors on deck circle
I think quitting my job & hanging out longer tonight was the best option, ! :( I'll see you soon in Nashville & make up for it!
Laughing at my friends pain! HAHAAHA
lmao what's your number??
shout out to u
love is like a fart if you have to force it, its probably shit.
I bet Warner Herzog sang beautiful, delicate lullabies to his children when they couldn't sleep at night.
Landed a huge project with a very important company... any guesses?
Went to a store today and they were selling baby ducks Tryin to convince my mom to get me one
“Riding along in chaps and spurs, the clear cool breeze in my face,I wondered why the life of a cowboy wouldn’t suit me”
is MINE <3
thanks Shauna - yes your bro doing his thing.
We have an immediate need for a senior level strategist for a ridiculously exciting gaming industry project. Interested? DM me.
Thursday's ...the freaks come out at night!
is working up the motivation to get out of bed and... yes, pack. Movers will be here in less than 24 hours. AWESOME.
Rainy rainy
will do.. thanks
heading over now! Still standing?
Great day of painting our soon-to-be pop-up shop. Let's hope the unexpected rain doesn't ruin it!
Need a new change of scenery.
RT Give up my diet. Need rice!
Awww, thank you! I'm just glad I could help!
just heard that song.
back to work today...and my office has moved to l'enfant plaza...
Working graveyard tonight. Time to catch up on the latest season of Cops.
Why can't you just say we're more than friends.??
Thanks for the RT!
im jtfo cause bitch thats really how we talk rotflmao
Raiders fans always know their enemy and we hate them with a passion especially the Dischargers
Playing a Venetian $350 today because binions registration was a mess... Over 900 runners here tho! Summer is almost over :(
antonio Daniels and Tony Wroten are similar. Also both turnover machines
It is a treat, isn't it? My idea of a great start to a great day!
u said it. Dude can write & he sings wit his own style & his songs have their own lane. He will Blow Up! YMCMB is killin it!
Of couuurrse, Espy... you know it. -____- WALLEEE, MISS YOU GIRL.<3 Hopefully I see you next week!!!!k jjf;owawjt;ow4tj
Spring ahead folks ... TONIGHT: daylight savings time begins this weekend.
LOVE your profile pic! Are those glasses part of your collection? I need to know where you got them/if I can steal them from you!
debut LP, Two-Way Power out soon. Next show @ Dino's 2/24/12!
Hearing someone tried to abduct a girl in Fairport yesterday. Anyone know anything about this?
Who's joining us today
I got grounded again, haha.
What's your safe word?
I've promised myself that I'll stop watching the carnage when the #lakers are down by 40 pts. (I canNOT believe I just wrote that!)
hahaha it was my 4th tweet ever lol. And this response is my 5th :)
Cool! At first I felt funny baby talking to my dogs. But then it felt fun just doing that lol! yes they love it!!
lmao that's cuz it's true. You got a lot of evil in that little body of yours lol
They have what we want but we have what we need
Emily from love and hip hop is so thick
Boonville about to get a new senior citizen center
y did the jags have to loose a game lik dat it was horrible wats going on
you bet NOT be a stranger or we gonna have some problems.. lmao wadddup
Has had a wonderful birthday!!
Fill In The Blank: I'm going to __________________ on Saturday. Who else said shopping?!
At Costco and I just saw a woman pull a calculator out of her pocket. Yep, its that serious!
Any topic you guys want to read about in our blog? Hit us up!
Me too! And then Hazza looks so damn cute in the backround too! :D <3 LLN
Welcome to Cbus! Stop in for lunch before the concert! we are across from the venue and open until 2:30p! Lunch is on us!
This bus ride <<< not the shit
When will they add Gingers to the endangered species list?
hands-down my favorite candy! If only any of it were ever for me...
I'm just trying to teach fruit bats how to take body shots....
ur really pretty maybe we can be friends
Congrats to Jason Terry and the Mavs tonight. JT, you made everyone in Seattle proud tonight!
Diall is trending now
Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep. My brain needs to bring it down a notch.
If you have the chance to watch "By The People: The Election of Barack Obama" on HBO its a very well done documentary and worth the view
Damnit i brake a charger every week
sure. We miss you in lit! Congrats on the new assignment, though.
My muthafuckin car is completely paid off!! #whatchuknowboutdat??!!
Come to lipstick shoe bar and buy shoes abd win prizes at 4126 pennsylvania in westport !!!!!
Looking forward to #AERA2012 and Vancouver. Presentations are all ready, and schedule is quite promising!
I need a favor! :) We're still in 2nd place... can you vote us into 1st?
RT : Just to review, we have a Mormon & a woman who had a baby out of wedlock (not that I care) defining traditional family values?
...I love you, too, sugar. Glad you like the photo. Its a handsome silhouette.
funniest man in the
RT if you're in love with writing! :)
me encanta sharks
Agreed! Weather not too bad if it needs to go out. Adopting an adult greyhound, probably. Walking better in the spring, too!
Published models and trust their bodies to working out with me, shouldn't you?...
Pulling for #OKC in this series. Their fans are great.
TRAFFIC: Caller report - WB 18/151 @ Hwy PB. Traffic is staring to get through on the shoulder.
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.
The Walking Dead has stopped making sense to me, w/characters no longer true to themselves. Zombie shark jumped and devoured.
I need more friends that have the same music taste as me. :/
we can bedazzle FLASH on it too!
We're investigating a box of a dozen donuts, that's what's going on. RT: hi guys, what's going on?
I did something nice, then you always twis everything around.
Milwaukee!!!!!President to Visit Master Lock: President Barack Obama will visit Master Lock in Milwaukee on Wednesday.
You want grassroots support among the group that will actually deal w/ the tech, but also those who cut the checks.
that's funny
You're a good dude for doing this.
thanks for the RT!
haha what do you mean I wonder why
Welcome back!
I was wondering if they went through w/Bond's plans or she said "no thanks"
long time no hear how things been going for u self and the fam? I hope everything is going well on your end
Today's BTU inspiration: "Faith is the bird that sings when the dawn is still dark." ~Tagore
Never regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience. -Victoria Holt (thanks, )
Am I wrong to be sad that of 40 kids asked to create a list of unalienable rights (not in Const. or DOI) only ONE named EDUCATION?
RT : To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist. ~Schumann ~☼~
See amazing highlights from youth sports and share "THE Play of the Game" from your kids or players you coach www.thePlayoftheGame.com
#BeingElmo on ! Now! Thirty seconds in. Heart is melting.
Is any part of the metro area safe from Burglars? They've been busy in Tualatin. Story coming up at 10AM
yes, on mute she's gorgeous
Decision day!!
I like that Obamazeera TV! That's good, might have to borrow that one.
« If a chick uses words like "Yutt" and "Neck" there's a pretty good chance she owns some Jordan's and will fuck u pretty fast»
this is what I'm looking to do. I was told a Guru could help in this channel of cleansing
Nope laptop.
sorrryy bro I just like raped your twitter cuz girll is amazayn I laughed at like every tweet. Lol
Hockey time. Lets go FLYERS
#NYRANGERS where are the bruins? Haha good morning!
Just don't fall. You center of balance shifts as you get bigger.
Some mistakes are not so bad as we think!!! Columbus thought it is India when he came to America. Ops.
Ew...i wish I could #smack his #ugly, bad parenting face. Hes such a
you owe me a car wash kid...remember? I will bet you that the Lakers will be ONE and DONE!! If no bet I'm driving to L.A.
Well, whatever they're called. I'm diggin' em'.
From a Positive Tomorrows student's year-end survey: "Math is very important and if you try you can sussead, however you spell that."
Kelsey. \mm/ It just makes me miss my girlfriends. </3
And I just got 2% extra credit for coming
and ill RT your music links..
I just gained 200 follows by following who has over a massive 120,000 followers. Follow him and remember u can RT 2Gain X2
Jeff, you are very welcome. Glad you enjoyed the post.
Today we're making some change in our magazine website design, so we need your opinion. Should we keep the existing design or change it?
Everything bout skating!
We're giving 10% of enrollment back to students' high schools all week! Register now and give back to your school too!
struggling so hard.
-sends text to evan-
Tale of Ecuador fisherman who found a drug fortune
Happy Anniversary!!!
So number two is gonna be in LA. I think I'll be able to drive by then. If so, and necessary, I'm so gonna drive there.
When I hear folks say things about the Google UX or UI, it's usually from an iPerson. So they can be safely ignored.
Jazz Fest Sip + Swap next week is all about the ladies! Swapping womens clothing, access and shoes. Come with old and leave with new!
so clearly the best record label in the world....hard to even come up with the 2nd best. Record Store Day April 21.
in tired of you not responding to my texts! WTF!!
Everything about is too cute... :3
If I'm feeling fancy, a nice Syrah from RT Hey What wine do you like to pair with your burger?
Lmao. thats funny to me every time i hear it. RT : She ratchet!
What's wrong with Humby?
You are welcome. I was hoping you could get some access. May be untrue, but worth a shot.
What are your 4th of July plans? We'll be at Humboldt Park, starting at 5pm! Come party with us!
I hate how people underestimate me because of my size. I may be small but I can't knock you out.
What could be better? Sachal Vasandani and Jon Hendricks at DIzzys Club Tuesday march 27 through Sunday April 1. Don't miss it!
just bought that new kanye album i support good music
calm down chitlins. I'll be the one with the sunburns.
Back to business as usual today. Come say hi!
I would love 2 have that "problem".
the last few nights have been Awesome! nite sky has been amazing!!! our beautiful crescent moon & her 2 friends #jupiter & #venus! look up:)
promise of netowrk theory for researchers - to refine, to find points of contact - most fruitful path of collaboration
Or a food dehydrator.
: u got it on ya mind boi? 8 Ball Rollin'
Mall with :)
that's was great
No you don't, it's not 2011 anymore.
Review: NetZero&#39;s free 4G mobile data for Grand Rapids comes with
haha!! xD It kinda sucks...but I'm still happy for them :)
Go Lakers! We got this.
I did hope u did also
I'm looking forward to getting some posters this spring and summer. #iMissTour I consider 3 shows mini-tour #phish &
Thanks Hew. :)
oh yeah? You're a country fan?
If you're at the game and wearing an It's Our Time shirt, tweet us a picture!
Girl, if I had legs and an ass and stomach like yours, I'd never wear clothes. lol
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.❤
Doing Bar 1 tonight in the valley w/ my suffering wife, yay! Can't believe I'm leaving the house. Oh, my old bones are a'-whining ;p
yeah should be. Events like that make me sad I don't live in MD anymore. I don't remember players interacting like now
ive never liked someone as much as i like you and i hope things last
haha :) I was told that It might be released in early October.
sold u brah thts the only way i fly
Any time lol
Off the edge as if I am wearing a thong.
we are a
"It hurts the most when someone you know becomes someone you knew"
Consolidating some media to the storage drives before getting ready to do some new workflow tests
Got my #blackjack on at with the future Mrs. Won some $$$, had a lot of laughs. T.T. was in rare form!
Burfict with ward... Oh boy that would be awesome
I KNOW OMG :'D YOU COMING WITH US AGAIN WHALE?
#rambling close to 7000 in a bit over a week. sick vid
Happy to have completed senior high school. Those in gh know what am talking bout
Today at noon with at Town Hall Bring the kids!!
SAD RT : Further Markdowns!!! This is our Final Weekend (up until Monday @ 7pm)... Fixtures + Furniture Must Also Go.
Come together & RT us! The Rings about to be flowing through Miami in professional sports is going to be a revolution!
thank you judy!!!!! I love our office :-) I'd say this is a good start with the office decorating project
You know theses yinzers need that #TRAYB city is running on E
You need to fight for yourself in this life, because no one else is going to do it for you.
It's a fresh beat every day.
do you have What it Was by George Pelecanos?
do I know you lol
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
To get More of God... We must get the Max out of ourselves!!!
John James is going on a retreat, Saturday is his last day for a while. Stop in and toast his travels.
Goddamn I just wanna spin tracks right now.
woooohoooo! We should throw a party!!
If you still don't have plans for the #weekend take a look @ www.fromspainmagazine.com the best #interiordesign from
is that your baby?
Becoming addicted to #NBCSportsNetwork Hockey coverage...
DC: Green team, we are going to need your support when you candidate gets crushed next week. Don't take it personal, it's politics!
picked up a script I was writing a little while ago because it was frustrating me, but now I have a fresh outlook on it!
If you were sleeping how do you know he was staring at you?
Ryan McDonagh finished 6 minutes & change short of a Full HOUR of playing time tonight for the #NYRangers. Absolute beast.
": I like study for my Intellectual Property exam because carrying around a book with.... " Girl, u r in law school. U R SMART!
So...I'm like really bored and it's like 3am
Yeah, they are all in Tampa. The Tampa #WPDev community is excellent.
what up. I'm off Sunday if u wana record. Let me know
Who's ready for the Monday night jam session It's gonna be great! 626 S. Spring St.
Judgements prevent us from seeing the good that lies beyond appearances.-Wayne Dyer
Fireworks? What did you expect the IDF to use? waterpistols? What would happen if you messed with the Russian army or Egypt??
Sitting on the porch making cheese jokes with
Jamey Aebersold Workshop starts in 20 minutes at The Jazz Kitchen. Grab you Axe, we'll be jamming til 1:30
What's a really good #fitness magazine who's #tips actually work?
So who is gonna win in the nfl today?
Thanks for asking about our ramen specials. We have had several different ramens on our rotating specials for a year or so.
Thank you darling Gloss!
On tomorrow's patCAST, Brian Beise from the band reads their first piece of hate mail!
Singing Dream The Impossible Dream at Juice Plus conference!
XD I feel so special
If those around you are faithful to GOD then they will be faithful to you!
Hot Chocolate :)
lol :o why?
"...when all the money goes to the top, all the polical power goes to the top" -Robert Reichs at
Some girls aren't impressed with these fanatics.
Uwm sce languages classes going on as planned tonight.
Nice article about Mormanism in
cassidy i asked my mom .....ok ill ask im gona hang up call u later
Happy Birthday D.L. Hughley!!
Draft night...it's like Christmas in April.
It looks like Geoff Downes stole Captain Kangaroo's jacket.
Omg :o Hannah K. drives?! Since when?!?!
Lol oh goodness.
They don't love me. They just need me when they have nobody.
Oh yuck. DOn't eat anything with peanut butter on it before you brush your teeth.
thx for the kind words:)
“: WOW! Great tune! Congrats on the debut! I think I shall spread the word!” Thank Ya!!!
YOU JUST AIN'T GONNA LET THIS DIE R U? #DRAIMANLOVESITLOUD AND YOU'RE JUST #ANNOYINGASFUCK. THE END.
We will never forget those who died 10 yrs ago today and the many who have risked their lives since to keep us safe. God Bless the USA!
I'm too shy and have too much stage fright to do anything for :(
We all know this team will be great next season,Lets hope Pack fixes the D.
Oh my God just let me go already.
Clement Hodgkinson is today's beard. Never heard of him? Check it out... Greatbeardsofhistory.com
You're not gonna find any place with better #HappyHour #specials than #Fridays! Choose from $5 LITs, $2 domestic drafts and MORE!
Everyone wants a reason to celebrate. What about "sink-hole de Mayo" in honor of the #sink-hole in
I needed those extra 30 minutes of sleep.
TRYNA FRONT ON MY SWAG.....KNOCK IT OFF!!
Gov. Brown reported yesterday: he has collected enuff signatures 2 qualify his tax initiative 4 Nov ballot
Show that you "Like" us on Facebook and we'll give you $5 off any product purchase of $30 or more through 12/10. Certain restrictions apply.
Always be humble and gentle. Be patient with each other, making allowance for each other’s faults because of your love. - Ephesians 4:2 NLT
Getting ready for my talk about ICT-enabled city government field operations during extreme events at
Shout out to the most beautiful woman ever.
That feeling when you see a sneak peek from a shoot #magic I'm so thankful for my life!
Just want to wish our good friend a Happy Birthday thanks for a the love you show us :)
Sounds great David! plz email ur contact info and update. Thx.
you'll be the prince & i'll be the princess; its a love story baby just say yes <3 *
all I wanted for Christmas was a follow from u :-(
#ShoutOutToo she's pretty follow her.
Mega lame.
Thank you very much!! Ha! I figured the punch was a nice button to close with! Go big!
very nice. I saw dash Berlin at vision here and it was nasty.
LIVE RADAR detecting A LOT of lightning strikes w/ t-storms. Be careful if you are headed to work in the next few hours.
it's back again, to the original lmfao:P nope -.- just in bed bored, what bout youu?x
No matter how much a woman/women love you--your heart will only love Paula. She wants you to be happy. You have to love her
HAPPY FRIDAY everyone!
RT : TODAY Hue-man presents AT THE SCHOMBURG in Harlem, NYC RANDALL ROBINSON INTERVIEWED BY CHERYL WILLS OF NY1 MAKEDA
*rewinding #Conan*
Yah, Yelp!! Thanks for mentioning the Ballston A&C Market in your newsletter this morning. We're "On the Radar!"
so when you came to Dallas I gave you a dollar bill with my twitter, on it... but you never followed me. :(
Every month should be "Be Kind to Food Severs" month. Please and thank you never go out of style.
Insanity day 17 at the gym for round dos rockin it with my kick ass earphones i bought for 1.89$
Best rapper of all times >>
Wish I had more to post about than my health problems right now.
channel GO at 7:30 pm :) .x
Not feeling that bathroom rug shes wearing
thats going on my business card
With 22 current permanent & touring productions worldwide,today's birthday boy billionaire--Guy Laliberte,Canada's king of the circus world
From www.CapitolPropertyInvestments.info Have A Most Divine Day! <(;-) ~
Just had my first #Google #Hangout experience with for my tech class at #SPU. Pretty sweet.
Lists are collections of Twitter users that you can follow all at once, instead of one by one
Blog importer now fully working with all versions of Atom and RSS.
I know
South Park Slope jumping the shark! RT Tim Mays and I providing happy hour soundtrack at the Whistle Stop today 5-8pm.
#bff folks, we need to plan a get-together!!! for reals.
I want this so bad!
We were nominated by the show Maxima Distorzion for an award!!! We'[re going to be on MTV 3!!
I know I've said it before but all of our fans make everything worth while! You all are the bees knees!
Why I love following : They remind me of the #JesseOwens special I wanted to watch!
when is the next event?
My 2011 streak of avoiding "Wonderful Christmastime" was just broken -- and Rahsaan Patterson's cover is even worse than Macca's original.
Fitch Affirms Nuevo Banco Comercial&#39;s (Uruguay) Ratings; Outlook to Positive
>yeah, an adequate stimulus wd hv us doing well by now...FDR created jobs tht benefit us to this day, investors hoard $
We've got a brand new #menu! What better way to try out some new dishes than by starting with half-off select #appetizers from 4-7pm??
I HATE that bitch Ruby!!!!
Just when we thought we wouldnt have morning practice we were proved wrong yet again. I dont even remember the last was i got up before 7:15
A kid just came to my door and said: "25 or 30 years ago...there were these people called paperboys." 15 year olds can't sell nostalgia.
Too funny...I call them "fun suckers!" I prefer to be a "funjector" myself. Gdluck!
Long days long nights and you just can't sleep...know what u mean Alicia Keyes
That is a very good idea!
There are two kinds of light - the glow that illuminates, and the glare that obscures.
yes, that was exactly the message! Thnx.
do people call you Brooke,and what's your last name?
on every jukebox in NY tonight! And good. This is what getting in a van can prevail. Midwest-ish Pride
RT : Annual budgets for state transfer student info portals are from $20K to $1M. Few assess institutional fees.
also, the warning system FAILED, that's like having the gas indicator light go on with 1 mile left before you run out
Made it to the grocery store AND put away the groceries before collapsing back on the couch.
Darron Thomas at Browns camp? must have missed that
Dex: Hell hath no fury like me when I step on a lego. Me: Yeah, no Sh!t !!
Adam Foote visited my school today. It was so cool. He was so down to Earth and not how i expected him to be.
Roll tigers!
Don't tell but I had dessert at Pele's lunch today. Zeppole (like donut holes only better) with awesome sauces.
very disappointed in last nite's results. i look at it this way...its just sooner u get to start ur own record. keep rockin! x.
I think it's a pride issue. I've decided to get over my pride and look for the great ideas from others.
Pickle tits!!!!
So guys! It's my amazing friend ('s) birthday today! Make sure you tweet her!!:)
Congratulations !! Cover of Sports Illustrated.. of course!!!!!! I voted for you, You Rock, and You ROCKED it in San Fran!!
it's about how you feel anyway. The scale just reflects a number.
I wanna fuck all my Ex's, but I don't want anything else to do wit em though.
Seeing Eric Church tonight<3333333333
me too! I will right now!(: is it the same #?(:
Thinks its funny how kids think they are being quiet/getting away with things after bedtime.
Happy Birthday!!!!!!
cant wait to play "How To Love" with tomorrow!!!
Josh Hamilton 4 HR's in 1 game. Wow!
I wish things could just work out :/
I'm sick of all this snow shit can't wait till spring.GO TO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
Now I'm singing "Fly Me to the Moon." I mean, a man can dream can't he?
it says not found :( is she with you? GO FIND AN OUTLET
never mind
Apple Sisters tonight at Elephant Lab!
sounds good. I will need to buy all of these ingredients tonight.
don't tell him about
thanks again to everyone that aided the process! especially you guys rock!
I think that stat is the perfect way to sum 'Melo up
We're working on steps of service training and menu knowledge. This is a great staff!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 44
We consider it our mission to become a superior informational resource for even the most discerning user
that is SO AWESOME!!! still up for K/J-drama fest Sunday?
P.R.E.=PUSSY RUNS EVERYTHING
thanks for the follow... got you on the follow back.. love those numbers.. lol i respect your hustle.
RT : Getting excited about being a twitter moderator w for the LJ Tech Summit: hashtag = #LJtechsmt join us...
GLD looks good for an uptrend, TIF could get really ugly, LNKD back to the 65 area soon, SPY might break the weekly 200 MA could see 105.
yea really :) you're beautiful!!! Seriously :) you have really pretty eyes, a great smile :)
The early bird catches the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I'm going to OCCUPY WALL STREET tomorrow morning' WHO WANTS TO JOIN ME??? Let's meet for breakfast first :) <3
change account again? :o
Can't think. Too freaked out by your avatar.
#twittertools Twitoria: How many friends are you really following? Twitoria finds your friends that haven’t tweeted in a long time so you ca
Kalevala Leetaru talking about difficulty of capturing frequently updated websites.
I'm handicapped and I know it!
beats on the way Chef
If you want me, show me. If you need me, tell me. If you have me, love me. If I'm worth it, fight for me
these TTs are boring. let's trend something new. please
Thanks - just looking at your product - thats for realz? I was just introduced to b12 complex & it totally helps w/ hangovers
I leave on august 6. Four weeks baby! Let's get it going!
Ah yes - Pasadena! So pretty there. One of my favorite LA places.
Obama's message today: "drill baby drill" isn't going to fix a thing. We need to invest in new sustainable energy.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!98
#oomf always knows how to make me angry
« When you delete people out your phone , A day later is when they always decide to hit you up .»
Miss Loretttta I'm ready for the rest of my tour... Hahahaha Killed it in
is the absolute best! Love the old school vs new school magic game/ weekend idea!
Avon is pretty boring so far. Missing the greatest neighbor Come home!
dam capo came at you
Another great day on the kitchen! Curry chicken salad with cashews and cranberry raisins!
Culver City Art Walk this weekend! Stop by 2673 S. La Cienega (look for the FLESH neon sign and Dream of Power Half Court).
dm me back :)
If you're in my country flaunting a flag from else where, go live in that country haters!
Not gonna lie - still a little satisfying watching the Steelers ALMOST lose to Curtis Painter.
If You LOVE Her, You Should Put Her FIRSt !
Headed back to work. The two day vaca is over
Am I the only one who shoves pictures in Ares' and Max's faces and tries to explain to them how adorable they are/were?
Would you have time to meet over coffee? Love to get to know each other. :)
Kick some Red Wings BUT!!!!!!!! #leggo!
Nice way to serve the beer back. Very Sconnie.
Will do. What's with the name change?
/anchors-and-reporters ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter 2 Haiti;He's back in US to report on aid effort - Interview Opp
ASGFGHJKHSGKSKJSKLA is going to be on the east coast :D will be in the same time zone!!!!!
RT : FInd the Bogus Ad in this month's print issue of Times? Fake ad could be worth $100 cash! Pick it up!...
ha, what is up!
Am I a little bit jealous of and her DiSC colleagues? Why yes. Yes I am.
I can't stop listening to #Boyfriend! it's so god! I love it! this song will get to #1 on iTunes!
if its ok with you, I wanna call you LaTonka Jackson from now on! luv your body keep up ALL the great work!!!!
Q6 What are some low-cost ways I can promote my #smallbiz?
Thank you Zoe, true 18 days! Sign up www.sofiafellini.com
I can't I font have her number. Sorry ;(
Networking today - please don't start a 30 second intro by telling others how bad you are at it - just say it with confidence and practice!
I'll hit u up this week
I'm tearing myself away from that Dakota Fanning Brittney Murphy movie and tuning in
Make a new season of Pawn Stars plz. Love that show.
Lance, that error may be because you don't have a verified payment method on oDesk. Can you check that?
i'm the only one, except for my dead family. amazingly, a large proportion of them are accepting
Thank you for the follow! - Jason
If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.
I swear and and are so wonderful and beyond gorgeous they takin over
well, hell, everyone who thinks they're making fair use public performances better brush up on 110, if that's right.
he means well. I think. RT : Dave , atleast you're not this douche>>> RT:: shut up"
Looks like the Packers bought a machine gun to shoot themselves in the foot as much as possible...Pack let the Bears score here?
that's insane I just went 2 a planned parenthood the other day I got my iud removed paid cash.no prob. So which 1 r u referring 2?
#bestlines...of all the guys I'm fuckin right now, you're my favorite 💋
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem, Sunday, Aug.
oh you sweet thing, LOL
lol no. Is your campus using that?
blog talk radio.
MPLP doesn't mean you can't focus on robust description for access. Even unprocessed collections can get a finding aid
400 fans! Thanks SO much, everyone!! I'm going on vacation next week, but when I return, I'll do a little promotion. Stay tuned! Cheers!!
I feel for you! Good luck tonight! too bad we can't just give them a magic sleeping pill and knock them out! ha! :)
your not alone cuz
I appreciate everyone that follow... Thanks to everyone that sent me Birthday wishes... God Bless!!!!
Sometimes you just need to break out the interrobang: ‽
#furchat great topic , i'll be there!
#boyfriend video! Whhaadduupp?!
yikes! Glad you're okay.
not sure but sounds fun anyways hahah
peace is a goal THT i want to accomplish. its became my main objective. its the thing i desire more then power.
#uglynames george zimmerman
Perhaps the third time will be the charm.
right now, Irene is whipping through Virginia, around Norfolk. I am on Long Island and already getting rain!
YLD Save Now: 50% Off Customized framing solutions for your print, master, or anything in between www.yourluckydeals.com
another day another tear another month another year Another winter fall spring and summer too but there will never be another you </3
thanks for the thought.
will u ever follow me
#LAMHarvard THickerson: Role of libraries in preserving research data? Must be an archival approach to authenticity, versioning, integrity.
Yes you do, this stuff only happens in
O fun! Be glad you are missing the snowstorm here! So cold.
YUP. “: Stupid conversations make sense when you are talking to someone special.”
Why thank you! I'm excited.
Praying for my little man, they just took him back for more oral surgery 2nd time in less than a year.
Yes I have heard that, now if I could get my team to stop bringing in the big tub of non-dark chocolate to the office.
Obama will most likely be the first and last black president bc he is really just a bunch of talk like the rest this govt really sucks
piracy is right if you're doing right, right?
That's too bad. It would have been a great addition. RT The Lower Greenville bowling alley got denied 6-5.
RT hell yeah to this!": “: I just wanna get high and eat taco bell.” 😂😂😂"
some great brisket in the newsroom provided by
sometimes getting there is more fun than the actual destination. Don't Sandusky this up with talk of vacation days
Who got hustled by Capital One for a credit card the moment they landed on campus? Why are they so interested in college students?
Yes, I still love the Pet Shop Boys.
"WARNING: Dates in Calendar are closer than they appear." ~ Author Unknown... LIVE now. LOVE now. LAUGH a lot. Seize YOUR day. Go Giants!!!
"hay harry , i love you , will you marry me ?"
The worst gift is a fruitcake. There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other. ~ Johnny Carson
We wonder if you might be interested in reviewing BUZZ, a contemporary novel. The book is in several national competitions.
they closed at 10
There were two blue s at the car wash in my office bldg. One was mine. Was the other one yours?
new restaurant suggestions would be elev 5900 where falcon was and casa mariachi for Mexican by murdochs
Regis Philbin is the such a class act! I feel blessed to have a met him and watched him work. End of an era!
Looking for a cheap #laptop ? We have one on sale right now! www.dealshow.com
:) RT : Everyone get your booties down to &amp; see my girl funk it up!
Bloody Marys and Netflix until #SpringJam :)
yeah and the clients
“: I soon as u posted that i heard it in dman's mix lmaoo RT : Aww Shit. The Dominicans are in the building..”??
11PM: Ben Webster+Jeff Hamilton+James Brown (B-day)+Art Blakey+John Lewis (B-day)+me. Jazz88 FM
Not sure yet, but I will let you know when I try!
