I love you so much that I'd bury you in wings
been away fr the beach too long. I'm back to milk jug white boy. They did stare at my hair tho.
gotta go my bf wants to....uh...yeah do something important see ya
Just watched Spike Lee's "If God is Willing and Da Creek Don't Rise" Pt.1 on HBO. Have you seen it?
I agree with the welch start idea. I like Welch's pass/ shoot option.
Given that most of us have 24/7 access to duct tape, there's really no excuse for not taking care of things.
playing some games killing some time
RT'd RT'ng Atlantic piece. I've arrived. Somewhere. As the great man once said, "This is my happening and it freaks me out!"
where you at in NYC? i need to see you! just for lik 5 min? <3 miss you so much! love you broo<3
Heard in the #PersonalLibrarian office suite "I have a problem. I can never go into the Diana without buying #frenchfries."
for Williams: Who generally serves longer terms: University officials or State legislators?
At #dhcom, great project descriptions and arguments for colleagues as well as administrators
Introducing Trapp Candles at Watts! Stop in & enter to win over $100 of Trapp Fragrances. No purchase necessary.
how be you?
“Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.”
Insights into networking & sales: just ask & have very disciplined approach to closing - Catherine Rohr of Defy Ventures
That same pretty face you chasing will hurt you in the WORST way....
Really enjoyed the show and crowd last night at The Chameleon Club, thanks to all who came out.
1/21 Dinner App Special: Creole Seared Shrimp with White Cheddar Grits & a Creole Mustard Butter Sauce
Shout out to the #DIETribes in Milwaukee: have fun and learn lots!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in fruit salad.
lmao I've been accepted and everything but I just don't wanna go and spend from may 28th to June 28th at Lmu doing work. Lol
Listening to Suha Alawadi present her Smart Cities project in collaboration w/jochen school and at the
definately not the best move..but certainly the most awesome option :)
#FRIENDS ended 8 years ago today. TODAY. 8 years, can you believe that? They never make shows like that anymore
#TWFanmily is such a great fan base! I'm glad I'm apart of it :)
Guys are dropping like flies in the playoffs. Rose, Shumpert, Noah, Davis...
We just checked, not trending anymore! Boo for dead politicians.
Thanks for the RT Joan!
Riding in elevators by myself.... <<<<<
"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine!"
So sleepy...sweet dreams <3
Sugarland tickets coming up! Get your Sugarland trivia caps on...tickets for the Toledo show up for grabs by 4pm
#lockup straight fags
keeping up w/the times, do you know what a Mockingjay is :-) Hint: Hunger Games wkend! lol
I'll be watching you know i'll have eyes and ears all around your school
If you really like someone's clothes, then why are they referred to as "duds"?
Congratulations to our Pacers Vs Bulls Ticket Winner Ray Gomez of Indianapolis!! We will see you on Saturday!
Have a story you want posted on BF3Nation.com ?? Tweet US !!!
Why did Captain Kirk go into the ladies toilet ? To boldly go where no man has been before !
a cool book to parallel with John's awesome work is Joanna Brooks's amazing _American Lazarus_
HA bro. relax
I know, I'm sorry too. I think we're on at different times! She's 3 1/2.
Don't forget about our .TV grand finale at noon w/ #sportlandia too. Gonna be great time!
Love taking care in graveyards, add beauty & care.
did you just show #MaryFallin the "environment wins / USA rocks!" commercial for her to commit state funs for CNG?
yes beard + speedo = comedy gold
just "mentioned" you on the comment thread to the image, so it should pop up next time you log in. Can't describe it here.
NOT LIKE IT WAS LASTNITE
Just don't get it anymore
cheer up!
My bad.... Tv One... they still play the same
I just shit myself. Omg.
Love Laura as peafowl. Please tell her to keep it for Madmen tonight.
I'm thinking we need to put out a BOLO for our !! Missin the lil Sis
dress rehearsal is so stressful 😣
I know where I stand, do you?
what are u talking about?! There a great team!
Im so hungrrryyyy
Yeah. I can't compete w that. RT : Haha! I'm reading Fifty Shades of Grey to see what all fuss about. I have no soul
That awkward moment when some little girls are better dancers than grown men and women
"Been thru so much together it's gonna be hard to let you go!! Maybe It's for the best... Who knows what the future holds..."
Fixing some bugs before launching this month. On the grind. Nothing will stop us.
Yo!! at a Rita Ora event in Soho. You should swing by for a shot.
coming off a youtube binge...3 hrs and tons of meaningless brain numbing videos....
Didn't place in #RB3style but def good memories + experience-- thanks to all my friends for the support & congratulations Mike2600!
Well, The Word Alive is in Florida...I'm at my house.
love hearing this news. Where & When on Baytown Screening? Los Angeles?
RT : What coffee is everyone drinking today? We are drinking Caffe latte over at the station!
RT : The office iced coffee I am drinking doeesn't even compare to the I had this weekend.
My favorite day of the week. Something about new beginnings is so inspiring.
A positioned span next to another in the html acts like it's still there even when moved. Workaround is to put the span somewhere else.
Looking Forward To Your Tweets! Follow Back
RT if you're excited for Christmas! :)
THINK ABOUT HOW I FEEL
hm okaay, whatever you want :3
Thanks, Heather, for the mention
It's so beautiful out #lovethisweather ☀☀☀
I'm hoping I can tutor at an alt school/job corps my friend is a social worker at. Or at the elem school at UCLA
#top100lies i dont need a men for the moment sorry..
Merritt: Drechsler went "over the line" on phone record comments.
lol, I was like, what is she not getting. Hahaha.
looking forward to running into you two again today
well i know a lot of people missed you at Prom...I hope you are doing better!
To live in the world without becoming aware of its meaning is like wandering about in a great library without touching the books
New a new recipe for later on tonight! 8/15/2010 Please DM Me... If u have anything new.. :)
What is your picture?
What a weekend! 2 GREAT auditions, killer CD Workshop, shot a short on Sunday! And lots of amazing new followers! Welcome all!!!
headed that way Thurs w team of 10 from prayers &supplies coming with us for Tuscaloosa
haha oh dear Zayn this was great ^.^ haha thats why we love you babe :)
whn I went last month, I remembered y I left. It still looks bad.
my mom told me she really was the granny from hansel&gretel and she fattens kids up&eats them.
earache! oh damn! earache. earache! ouch. ouch. must avoid clinic... cough, cough... must ... warn... others... no!
ashly slept over. now we are both laying in bed like bums ha ha.
separation anxiety 😢 come back to me and demi
Why does he need 50 beautiful ladies???
You should try the Syrian President's email password: 12345. That might be it.
It's too hot! I wanna go to the beach naked!
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. 生兵法はけがのもと
Chicken sausage pizza!
Good workout! Going to be sore tomorrow.
haha I forgot! One of their jocks. Their "most popular style" lol
Not sure why 'subjects' matters. They're in the movie driving the plot.
since your in a good mood will u call me 6317640223
If you're wondering how a 26yo cuts their grilled cheese, it's not diagonal.
Which links are you talking about?
Win a 3-Way (to this Sun ) Passes to their exclusive acoustic show before the show w/ at 7:30 tonight.
*TANNING SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 2 Instant Tans for $40 or 5 for $70! Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Ask about our HUGE LOTION specials today!
it is so cold in our house but we are not turning on the heat in late April.
paging : MT : Fiscor shows slide of Nazi rally, asks, is the mob always right? Punchline of his #ACTA defense.
Come sweat with me !!!! Keep sweating !!!
I'd be interested to hear about the editorial process, too. But as we know it's perfectly (cont'd)
Thanks for getting up so early this morning to anchor Anna! Always great to work with you
Cooking all night at a michelin star resto doesn't mean I can't scarf a steak and stilton pasty on my way home from work!
#nytnestcam #hawkcam I agree, doing nothing is not a tolerable solution.
great po-boy - thanks
When I'm not around you it's like I'm not me
I think it'll be ok, it's just going to shake its head at me and sigh quietly.
Barry Pollard makes good points about need for sidewalks. Agree on older community needs, but larger policy discussion needs to happen
So sad the Diddy/Dirty Money Concert was cancelled in Jax. :(
Gotta have a Cinderella team to make it interesting... why not Belmont?
The very few people that actually know me can vouch for the person I am.For those of you that don't good luck trying to find out
Enjoy it now Lakers. Oklahoma City is waiting for you
So last night Q put me on that drank and I loved it!!!
Thank you.
Classic New Yorker magazine covers
All of them, that is, not just the tweets the might Tweet Chooser sends to my cell at random.
Trust-Based Parenting DVD, pre-order for $45, regular price will be $65. Visit www.child.tcu.edu and select DVD Sales.
The Silk Tie likes Rolling Stone!
I want a sandwich
I don't think I'm staying over so I'll be on tonight.
Talking about functions of the journal registration, certification, archiving and dissemination - added navigation
just tweeted some true shit lol
Hey was I suppose to be doing something to your computer ? its listed as an open task on my blackberry
Ok! I'll get on there and check it and send you a text.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. ~Christopher Morley
Good Morning...thank god today is Friday because I cant handle another day of school :/
I wish I could edit my tweets without deleting. Typo below.
Nothing quite like a Saturday morning brunch at an airport Taco Bell.
Its time for work, oh I mean play. When you love what you do, you never work a day in your LIFE! haha.. swag. I'm feeling myself. lol let go
Heading to the studio to shoot
MT : Marshall Simmonds: If we don’t consider our audience (when writing),"the rest of the world won’t know we exist."
Can't wait for Snoop Dogg tonight, MMA on Saturday and 3 Doors Down on Sunday. Check out Ava's amazing venue and upcoming events!
just walked out with Mayweather!!! Ah (;
RT Exercise cheers you up! I touched my toes for two minutes and i actually feel happier!
Not on Spotify yet. I like Teen Dream and Devotion, though.
Awesome Keith and thank you!! ": Sunday in the Park 2012 shirts just came in the post, awesome job by "
2mi @ 8:15/mi. this morning. Slowly inching closer to an 8 minute pace.
Chicago RT : where from?
im confident they just gotta play their game!
happy b-day to me tommrow
Why thank you Max. We also approve of you and #wine for our cool list.
You're violating don't ask, don't tell.
Car rides with the guys> lakeland here we come
Going into PRODUCTION in 8 days!!!!!
yea more Chris Brown
i wish aziz ansari and kanye west would scissor already.
I offered dinner and a movie, but he opted to come home, have mac-n-cheese and play board games in our pajamas.
Considering going to ALA conference in June in Anaheim. How awesome is it, #librarians?
For poor quality photos that take about an hour each to view on a smartphone, I trust Instagram.
nope I just heard she is not a good teacher lol
I'm going to create a hand sanitizer that only kills the 00.01% of germs that the others can't kill.
My brother is totally gonna be a future Brave <3
Yes/No Yes bc I want to do something, No bc I don't know anyone else
Aw thanks -great to make your acquaintance! It was fantastic having you tweet & comment on so many poignant panel quotes today.
Dear Orioles, please don't let today be the only day people care about baseball in Baltimore.
Off to the gym
you going to the match today?
at the bar chillin with my Bestfriend
yeah took me a little while too
my friend has just informed me that she will be going inZAYN at prom. dunno why I've just told you that...
followed by my friend Beth, but she's dating her husband tonight. It's their anniversary.
Uly is the greatest unifying voice. Race,age, religion,education,gender share experience. What better evidence than Bella?
so i have a 92 and an 89 in my first period class, if i just never go again ever will i get a pass for the term? or fail
Shallow people believe in luck. Wise and strong people believe in cause and effect. —Ralph Waldo Emerson
#JonasBrothers2012 oh yes *..*
I ain't no fucking bitch... Whoever TF this is come at me next bell. Real shit
dude, I did lick it off, I love Ketchup
Can we skip to Monday and get the next couple of days completely eliminated? Great thanks.
That's a lot of blue on #wildcats field right now...
I need something more relaxing to write. King Diamond or Darkthrone work best. Unless I need to really focus than it's Venom.
Happy #RSD2012! Heading to
Words to live by
That was the worst tasting sausage biscuit I have ever had in my entire life. Mornin'!
I'm tired of these hoes that think they want something special but flippin they pussy at the same time.
RT : RT - 50+ breakout sessions covering latest innovation & tech, demos & networking opps. Are you going?...
I miss you too bestie (:
I absolutely cannot stand United Airlines. Most unorganized customer support I've ever dealt with. 5hrs of my life wasted.
ARE YOU ALIVE
The lady who just cut my hair looked EXACTLY like Mrs "Quick Change" The haircut did not end w/ a bucket of confetti being dumped on my head
Good point. Maybe I should make it a bit more flexible.
production meeting. Film people really abbreviate stuff. "rom-com" = romantic comedy, fyi.
Should be up around noon I believe
Whoa. That really just happened. What the actual fuck?
Seeing people passed out in the library makes me laugh. I don't understand why people do it...
I can never hit up a house party and chill wit dudes without gettin hit on or receiving outrageous comments. guys: be cool
"If I never see him again, it'll be soon enough." anyone got this?
lol have fun with that.
Does Calipari even coach or is he just a guy standing in a suit? He just recruits really well, those UK players don't even need a coach
Pls tell me more re Electronics Recycling Day tomorrow. Where, when, how, what - all that journalist stuff
with #MothersDay approaching...today's #SoundOffLine will be totally inappropriate
SO is Ted Black like Tone Loc? He's part of the establishment but has seemed to befriend the bloggers with his mtgs and such
One cool thing though. Jeremy Irons is on my flight.
Just bought pjs because they said "paradise" on them.
Oh me too! Cake = happiness. Well, actually frosting=happiness but i "suffer" through the cake. :)
Just finished work on score for short horror film "For Rent". I hardly know what to do with my time now!
Happy birthday to one of the best singer/musicians on the planet, Ed Roland!
Is enjoying oakland and not wanting to return to sd tomorrow *sigh* fun weekend
I thought Season 2 was good but soapier than 1. (Matthew recovers?!) Bates kills wife is not as good as Turk dies in Mary's bed!
Tell the truth Marlon.
a.k.a. Film student fueling station.
ha oh nice. That airport is insane
"Ron Paul" should be relaxing with a pipe and sweater vest on his recliner, gently petting his irish setter and pondering days of yore.
: Stay rooted in the conviction that your ego self is a fiction & does not exist--Yoga Vasishtha
my booboo came to visit last night♥ i felt all better after he left
what r u doing
the fast green fox waslked past the tired dog.
Cardinals replace Holliday on World Series roster
Okay I cant do this. Maybe tomorrow.
Way to go Dusty from brewers ground crew!!!
“: that's better than Dontesha doe haha”/ or shamniqua !! 😂😂
Watching my sisters videos from unsilent night. I want to cry. Ugh, why did I have to get sick. :c
o que?
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
NO DON'T LET HER WRECK !!! #Glee WTF IS UP WITH YOU ???
Sunset Garden Club mtg @ Paseo Verde Lib tomorrow @ noon will feature Companion Planting, presented by Richard Cutbirth, Master Gardener.
Can't wait!Weather/clothing advice would be really welcome. If we r staying in dorms, any chance we can access the univ's gym?
Cause though the truth may vary, this ship will carry, our bodies safe to shore.
I hate when ppl bring rings up to try to make lebron look bad if they talk about lebron they should also talk about charles barkley
you lying....
In the market for a mid sized SUV but there appears to be no good deals or incentives for consumers to buy..let me know if anyone knows one
alternately, Kentucky Derby this Saturday. Mint Juleps & Fancy hats?
I am alive to the 8 for the pick 4.
If you could read my mind, then all your doubts will be left behind.
Love to see all the coaches taking part in the #oakhills schools' track and field day! found some future players!
Congrats to the Bat Cats for their series-opening win against Alabama tonight.
Lol then we need to stand up & prove that hip doesnt matter! :) its... adequate.... to be square hahaha
I'm down let's do the damn thing
Happy #WW totally followed.
okay so maybe i do sleep til 4 lmao :-/
let's connect...we saw your App for Kandi and we are also into mobile app development. Hit us up -
lmao I can't stand Spanish lmao
k thanks. I will fix shortly.
I love Phillip! But Joshua will probably win. I hope Phillip does. Jessica doesn't have star quality to me.
I've helped with thesis tonight. Looked at a working draft. Helped with governing bodies. I've logged twenty assists tonight, friends!
I hate when my car acts stupid , I think its time to fix it -__-
I misread your tweet as "I'm the wrong person to fuck ever".
Oh how the things I read on facebook brighten my shitty day :)
Oh well, at least we've got each other. :-)
HAMILTON IS TO GOOD
It's perfect outside right now. I should be at happy hour on a patio somewhere!
Go #hoyas beat 'Nova! At the game...
be doin his thing. What you think
awesome, please keep us posted on the #tag you choose. We are really interested to read all about it!
ditto!!! It has been WAY too long!
Get in your last-minute shopping early today -- we'll only be open from 10am - 2pm (and closed tomorrow for the holiday!)
Text from : "Don't leave the party till I get there" at 7:55 in the morning. Who the fuck stays at a party till 7?!
But much as I love #Smash, I am jonesing for some LIVE theatre! It's been..well, it's only been 11 days since I've seen any, but still. :)
"The Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost."~Luke 19:10
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
Who cookin me breakfast?
I sppse you are both right. I "ran" 8.5mi at an 8:30 pace. Never ran more than 2mi b4. Just need to drop 2 min/mi by Aug
FOLLOW THE FAMOUS KUEEN OF KRUNK !!!!
and very windy out too.
No I'm not, I'm not a baby for crying when my niece was born. I was proud to be a aunt again :') she is the sweetest thing EVER!
“ Everything is not an opportunity. Some appear as opportunities to tempt you into an obstacle. #Pray and #Discern”
HPH just recorded a new version of Taking on the World for Mikes audio engineering project!
Possibly set a new record for oversleeping
It feels like the entire Bengals defense consists of former Cowboys players. What's up with this ?
Who has some ideas for the name of our EP?
Thank you for the kind words! Looking forward to seeing you at future events as well!
its funny because I can RT this and have it make sense ;)
Caught my dad listening to Justin Bieber on Pandora.
THank You New Followers
Suggest seeing the movie "Salmon Fishing in the Yemen." Under the radar movie--and it shouldn't be that way. Best 2 hours of this week-end
Just got cat-called in the parking lot at Walgreens with a "nice ass." Really bro, that's the best you could do?
Haha. Nice RT : Just spent 40 bucks on tupperware, if that doesn't say adult idk what does
Need some followers
drinking coffee and reading twitter
Im there! RT : If you love Chicago & theater, go see The Eastland. Opens June 6 at
Thank you, Tina! Thanks for watching!
Livestrong Sporting Park is looking really good on TV. Mexico running a mini clinic. Mexico 3 Canada 1.
If you are not hungry enough to eat an apple, then you are not really hungry...
Any of you in a rock band ? If you are, tweet me an ill check out your music!
“: Any of my followers going to the Brew City Stomp Down Step Show this weekend??” of course they are!
congrats on 800k !!!
My opponent has S.Johnson & F.Jackson - if I play Fitzpatrick to potentially cancel out points, is that good strategy?
There is an incredibly bad a$$ music festival going down on the other side of this life, #MCA joined the line-up today. Man, I can't wait.
Reminds me of oomf cough cough-->": "Hey come here its important!!". "What", "Can you turn my light off?""
Playing #TheOneThatGotAway now on the radio... www.jammin1420.com Check it out.
In the house of a screaming four year old and mother in law
who would of known that the person that mad me the happiest would hurt my feelings the most
I would love to connect re email from when would b good for u?
25 tickets left to Dec. 3 Bkfst w/ Santa at 32 tickets left to Dec. 10 at
Mirrors aren't for ugly people.
smh did u get ya breaks fix?
To much of your Rangers for the Caps!
agreed just hit me up and we will!! =)))
don't think I will be able to pick up recycling due to all the #justdance2 my arms are hurting. :)
Gourmet healthy food at your service Monsieur!
Does anybody els sleep wit the fireplace and fan on at the same time? LOL
I hope that he does go to the show... Maybe.
At least it's not that cold out...
A internet formula everyone should know : traffic+conversion=profits.
I jus luv liquid courage text from ppl that tell me how they fell bout me...😁
$20 OFF any custom facial $20 OFF any full body massage $100 OFF any permanent makeup Call 512-476-7546 Or online: skinspaaustin.com
back from chipped up twice this week (StarsNStripes) and coolerd twice nasty 1's.... feel a heater comming
Nearly every time tweets something I either actually retweet it or am at the very least tempted to.
It's a rainy primary day in the Eastern Panhandle of WV. I'll be tweeting all the Jeff Co returns later tonight.
I think it is cool but not much time in the day to juggle Twitter, #FB, & Google+.
#YouWereCuteUntil I realised who you really were.
Hell, there are no rules here--we're trying to accomplish something
|#quotes We have bloated bureaucracies in Corporate America. The root of the problem is the absence of real corporate democracy.
Up early to speak at the #ywca #powerup program
i cant wait until your tour starts im so excited!! will you please do the favor and follow me (: peace love bieber<3
Sphere PM&D is now open for business in our new location! (MARKETING, GRAPHIC DESIGN, PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS AND PRINT MEDIA)
Thanks for the shutout!
Be My Valentine??
Phantom is the longest running Musical. We are the longest running straight play currently on Broadway!
What a great day to get luch at a food truck! Mostly sunny through lunch hours with temps in the mid-60's.
(c) black people.
Our difficulties aren't meant to defeat us. They're meant to increase us.
I've broken everything breakable in the house, do lets see if I can split some knuckles on the heavy bag.
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person''s physical, emotional, and mental states.
Dude! Tuesday sucks just as much as monday, :/
I see
Great night at last night! Thanks for your wonderful service & hospitality! Our clients LOVED the cocktail sauce!
Samsung unwraps latest Galaxy rival to iPhone
RALLY FOR ROSS! Join Team Ross & Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 11 am at 24th & Mission!
To better understand the great sub-prime collapse of 2007, read this book: The Greatest Trade Ever, by Gregory Zuckerman. (And it's fun.)
“: If you are fast enough to leave me, then I am strong enough to forget you.”I'm loving your tweets!(:
You got retweeted Must be a slow day
just showing some luv that's all you should follow ya boy
I love my family they always make me feel so happy and special on my birthday :) xx
sitting in a social media networking class
You're a busy lady!
false alarm! #phew someone just made some toast
I know!! We need to make a lunch date! Have a great weekend!RT : So great to see you this week!! Even if I only...
Two lives, two hearts joined together in friendship united forever in love.
How am I supposed 2 get nething done, or be taken serious @ the Gym w. Call Me Maybe blastin thru the speakers & me singing along?
Love the idea & would love to connect!
It's Happening!
oh, sorry. that's not the band name, that's the show name. manchester orchestra and others are playing.
happy birthday! 🎂😘
I try so hard to be a positive person in all aspects of my life but everyone at my job keeps bringing me down... I need a new job :/
great memories of mooing on Lingua in the 90s.
Hello World!
but its the truth angie it is angie it is . Its not about winning its about the truth and that the facts
I'm learning quickly that I can enjoy both Game of Thrones and the books if I pretend they are in now way related.
- I will have to check it out
The problem is you're standing here, but your mind is in Outer Fucking Space somewhere! #FuckOuttaHere!
It's ToyMaker Tuesday everyone! 2nd performance in less than 1 hour, followed by our cast party! Get tickets now if you don't have them!
“: Lol the resemblance is crazy. Ima start callin u lisa instead of shaki” the resemblance is crazy tho!
Mashed potato parties...? Say whaaa?
Anybody do anything for you is a keeper bruno mars proved it but I would never let my guy do it tho
Hurtling across Europe on a train listening to The Decemberists... Two things that go well together
Stop boring me and THINK. "It's the new sexy." #SherlockPBS and The Woman bat it back and forth and it's amazing.
RT : Save the date: April 19 is Pt. 2 of our Civil Writes workshops. Educational and creative ways to #FantheFlame!...
Team with higher rated QBR for game is 64 and 13 this year and last week was 12 and 1. Only loss was Vick by .8 vs Fitzpatrick
Thank you to all my new followers. Welcome
yea he's dope
Thirsty Thursday!
had a great time at last night watching the #lost finale. thanks for letting us hijack the couch.
all fired up for a FOOTBALL Sunday
Finally some ME time!! About to book this flight.. I need a vacation!! 😁
Sad to see KJ go out like this. Atleast he had a great season and career.
ah thanx for following back :-0
I don't hate him at all. Like the guy. Didnt mean otherwise.My point was for chicken littles not to let sky start falling again.
LOL! I bet it seems that way. I posted a delicious frozen blueberry dessert today that she might love as an alternative :)
Watching pootie tang
Last night I saw this kid that looked just like you!!! The hair and everything! Mini version! lol:)
my new motto : be nice to Elizabeth or you ain't getting shiiiet
Avery Bradley already has 13 points halfway through the first quarter..Wow!
Thanks for a great show tonight at Welcome back to Colorado!
do u have any other shows the rest of the week?
Everyone won't appreciate your dreams...be selective who you share with
but you must write it with the left handed version of emacs.
Enjoyed the Iranian's comments after winning Best Foreign Film last night but the military-industrial complex will nix the option of peace.
SAG and AFTRA are now #oneunion. After years of trying to make this happen, it's finally come. Relieved or dreading it?
WOW Congrats! Hooray Brew Crew!! Milwaukee is partying in their seats at Miller Park
hey left your socks at my place, do you want me to like wash those or?...
I hate my voice
#edumooc audio is pretty good now that folks have muted their mics when not speaking
It hurts but it may be the only way
Patti Smith did a cameo on Law and Order Criminal Intent last night. So random.
7 Days left until Craft Beer Nirvana!
Great collection, memories truly transgressing generations.
Heey thank you so much =)
Packed house tonight at Kork Wine & Cheese for the CBD! - Historic Downtown Miami Progressive Food Tour!
#DASER Rothenberg "to understand sexual selection, we should call it aesthetic selection, this has been a wildly unpopular idea."
come see me MTG Room
Samsung can challenge Apple's photo gallery patent before ruling on infringement - Computerworld
“: My competition has at least 200 more followers then me, and I reached my follow limit. Please help! Follow me!! #teamfollowback”
Wouldn't it be something if Paul Bissonette scored the GWG for the Coyotes tonight? I mean, it would involve the Coyotes winning, but...
Stop by Interfolio booth 504 to visit Elwin, Steve and Chris You can enter to win over a $100 in gift certificates!
Moments away from spontaneous combustion.
are you sick of artists putting out christmas albums, or can you not get enough of them? what's your fav?
So if I were a (insert foodie adjective here) rancher/farmer, wouldn't that be "my" "tradition" too?
10 Degrees: Looking beyond Josh Hamilton's legendary week to handicap his free-agent market (Yahoo! Sports)
The baseline had me thinking there was a stand/table on the baseline! #3dGotMe !
The higher the objective on Bloom's Taxonomy, the more time you should spend developing the activity.
MT : We create more value by focusing on being the best than we do by focusing on "beating them"
Happy Ritual Sacrifice with Pie Day!
Bed soon. Attending an advanced screening of The Dictator tonight! :D
you forgot one thing...
oh :P haha
Have an audition tomorrow for a feature film!!!
figured lol ;-) Texas girl myself btw ;-)
Haha, I have an iPhone and I still got it!
Im takin too long wit this amateur guy/You aint wet nobody nigga you canada dry ~Common~ HILARIOUS!!! I love diss records!!!
Walgreens has marked down Sally Hansen nail polish to $.50.Will vary according to areas.Go to coupons.com to print $1 coupon.
"I'm the king of the world!" - JACK (Leonardo DiCaprio) with young ROSE (Kate Winslet) in Titanic (1997) Play clip (excerpt): Titanic 1997
New avitar...anticipation for the site building!
DREW BREES QB SAINTS SAM BRADFORD QB RAMS THOSE ARE MY CURRENT QUARTERBACKS
hurry up bro graduation waits for no man! We saved u and Joyce seats though
via databases are down.
ok, well here's some Trash Bags, Towels, a Mop, and Broom..... lol
no we head to Twin Lakes Center next & then maybe back. Depends on tournament seeds
Anybody know of good resources for pricing out used percussion, that's not eBay? I have some used drums & cymbals I'm looking to get rid of.
Every little thing gives me a headache lately 😞
Happy day! Checking in anywhere exciting to celebrate?
congrats... They might come.
I doubt if you can act or dance in that movie!!! Lol
summer nights are the best
how much longer are you going to be up?
Number 9: Mariah Carey
I knew about the contest! hahha
You're not missing that much. I mean...it's the moon.
Singers unite! We need each other and understand each other like no one else. Competition isn't the way. There's room for everyone to shine!
Salmon Recipes the Whole Family Will Enjoy These salmon recipes will not only keep your heart going strong, they'll tempt your taste buds
Research for a fashion website- are big bold, simplistic and heavy on typography- BUT you have to hit it them right or it just looks off
Taking it slow, I get tired so easily.
. Haha! Yeah, true across contexts. I've taken to not even trying to hide it. Just grab the paper and hold it in one hand.
Sorry. Still freaked out. ;)
Everyone can look at tapes then, why does anyone go the draft if they have tape? Heckert needs to interview and analyze.
RT : been reading tweets for a while now and I still am not sure what he does. > you are in great company!
right, but most energy deals tend to require more capital & ROI tends to take longer, thus not as "sexy." Sad but true.
WOW I have 4 followers within 10 minutes, that's amazing!!!
General Hospital rocked shooting today! Love them there! So nice & fast!! Can't wait to go back Wed! I booked my first co star (on own)!
High dose Vitamin C has been clinically proven to enhance your natural collagen production! 1500mg daily"
Watching "Who Do You Think You Are" on WXIA-TV. Blair Underwood researches his ancestry.
let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear...
do you know if the Braun MVP ceremony is actually tonight? FSN said so last night, but online says tomorrow.
Gimme a call Greg!
At a bar in #Rutgers who wants free stickers?
Hey DM me your email again so i can send some tracks your way
Look at all these girls, all them thinking Kim has their back. This is why Kim is hands down the best!
Sweet! Cable guy just got here! Now I will just awkwardly stand in the kitchen and stay out of everyones way.
I'm 8mos pregnant stranded on the side of the road with a dead alternator. There's fodder for a good story in here somewhere.
#mythoughtsduringschool ..omg what if that person can read my mind?! O.O
that all said, I'm still riding UK. and if UF makes the F4, is the SEC the best conf?
When is your movie going to come to my area?
RT Robotic Squirrels Battle It Out With Rattlesnakes: Hugh Pickens writes "Alasdair Wilkins writes that when a squi......
: AWE! Thanks for listening!!
Im @ Therapy (52nd/9th) - come have a drink and celebrate the holiday!
Partying with my girls tonight :)
Save #wedding money: Ask guests to reply online or by telephone. Or you can use postcards for RSVPs so that you save on postage.
I love thunder at night
Apparently won't be slinging "holy *********" around. Can't figure out if I'm relieved or disappointed.
tomorrow night?
Stupid commercials
#quotes I have to say I've made many mistakes, and been humbled many, many times. But you know what? It's never too late to learn.
he's so hilarious! he goes under the blanket and says "dear God please forgive me for calling my mom a whore." hahahaha
Idly felony tummy. Hope I don’t have the lovely big everybody else has had!
On the way to Mexico, flying by
Lets Reach 20,000 Signatures by Tonight! Tell ur friends to RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition
You're missing out, omg
Makin straight butta in the studio
Episode 7 is live and everything is 'Crystal Clear'!!!!
Oh dear. Unfortunate copywriting in this subject line: "Give Mom a Hot Flash! HOT Pink Rose & Lily Bouquet" That's not what mom wants.
I like lindsey :( Gratz on the shirt!! ;)
miss u hang out with me after all this craziness is ova
Your Song♥
After celebrating Tyson's Bday at the park, we're at the Bunales Palace cookin up some steaks w/the rest of the fam. M M good
That one scared me homie...I like the umbrella though
To eliminate advertising on YouTube videos featured on a website remove copyrighted music & non proprietary broadcast footage from postings.
even though i hate bacon! i want to try canadian bacon! but i want to cook it for me ;D<3
"To Be Liked By You Would Be a Calamity."
Herman Cain - I got one word for you to remember, take it for what you wish... Restraint. It may help you? I don't know...Sigma out
Tomorrow, we are there tomorrow...
ran off with the chaw, fuckin dick
? He didn't do anything wrong.
How does one find a publicist?
If I had magic ET fingers, I'd not only revive my little tablet but also upgrade it to a higher level of android
I'm gonna use it in a song!
#FIXJOBS If can turn Trade Deficit into surplus would create millions of jobs and bring prosperity to nation. Got to bring factories home.
the saints i just dont see any other team
it's nice to know such a qualified candidate will be representing !
Tonight!! D Swan and Old Milwaukee, 11:30PM , FREE , This is a cage match, so bring your voting hats.
S/O to all the grown ass men who gossip about me to their friends... i got nothing but #LOVE for you
RT : Let me enjoy this #gorgeous day before I have to work all night!!!!!!!
Using #HTML5 Boilerplate version 3 for a responsive QR code landing page.
pssst - I did it!
wow, it is cooler... how's your air sealing? Funny to think about insulation in summer--but you can! www.smartenergypays.com
getting ready for tonights show with and more. #Al'sBdayBash
I was better off stayin hungry fuck my stomach.
Celebrate PRIDE with Tie Dye Cupcakes! Similar to Rainbow Cakes, these cupcakes have an array of colors & no two are alike! Only $2 each.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ? The dearth of liner notes in mp3 albums. Gimme a digital booklet & some pithy anecdotes, muhfuckers!
As it&#39;s May third…somewhere to the east… « anotherthousandwords
nah it's all about that broccoli n cheese baked potato I had earlier tho lol
A1: Mobile (like other "social platforms" does not need to be a one way (inbound) street
follow me back<3
lol which one you talkin bout cuz there a few people lmao
My pleasure! Thanks for the follow back!
There's nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein. ~Walter Wellesley "Red" Smith
my mom said if i try for good grades she'll stop smoking.~ I'll do it for you mom. I think I'm gonna do some work noww~ bbl
Don't blame US. HE asked the broad question.
#FF The world can use a whole lot of proper etiquette .... a lost art.
Please tell me your not done making unibrow jokes
love randomly running into friends on the street!
uhm.... I lost count lol. It never gets old tho I always freak out lol
You know mom, there is a Psychological study that shows that how a person is woken up in the morning determines their mood for the rest of
congrats. I'm hoping to get in.
He must depend upon his lieutenants, and his success depends upon his ability to select the right man for the right place
My moms gt a MERCEDES !
#incaseyoudidntknow we were made for each other
: Don't mind if I do cuz you da best!<3
Seuss. Was. Genius.
Having just text mined Twitter it appears that #thatcamptx has triumphed over #thatcamptexas for official unconference hashtag.
only in wisconsin.. 10 pm news has a feature story of a bear in the beer cooler of a grocery store. i need to watch the news more often.
We are excited about what you do. Keep up the great work!
Beat selling is all about finding profitable traffic and collecting it. That means growing your Facebook, Twitter and Email lists.
#ItsAwkwardWhen You forget someone's name ..
W00t! RT : It's a busy week. We're hanging w/ tom & delivering food for on Sat. What about u?
yes! Yes it is :-p
found some great seats for a good price for the sox/brewers game at us cellular field ...wont get them until plans are finalized.
Multiple victims were 2 American kids who grew up in the heartland. CSI: Mellencamp
"Retweet if you're a girl. :)" Seriously?
np-destiny child bad habit
Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c
What an honor to be part of the Rossier School family - Fight On!
Mark Murphy rockin' the toasts and passions for theater and the "great" start to Radar LA at REDCAT partaaaaaay
been havin this pounding headache for the last few days and it got so bad that I fainted outside, partially due to the heat
A #Taurus female will hold on to a bad relationship because she believes you can change when you don't she waits till you leave.
my skin care line is taking off with great success!
the state?
Thanks to some new followers!
American Warships? Wonder what that Syfy movie is ripping off? *cough*Battleship*cough*
After a really long day.. Gotta date with one of the Finest Women in LA! Day turned out pretty good.
Arrival Without Departure out Decmeber 11th
Oh my God...I just spent 8 hours without my cell phone. How did I survive?
International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24 Oct, 2012 at Chicago, USA
Thanks. Good point.
At the #wbzbreakfast "uncovering what works" in social media!
desert casual.
by subject matter it's prob one of the best songs you ever wrote! Stay positive!
and i miss all u message me if you need to talk
these shoes are too high.
Do you really need to repeat yourself bro? I think the rest of the world heard you the first time
wow today is going to be one of those day. abbe want to get in to everything
Thanks for the info. That helps a lot! :)
is scaring them awaywith your smell
and that is why that firefly was safe because there weren't any females who would kill him. just me
Sunny and mild the next few days. What will you go and do outside?
does an arcade count as a mall?
These guys are all nice. Telling people to follow me. Aww. Especially , he threatened to kill people.
jus here playin sum ps3 bored as hell...I hate homework LOL (;
You're welcome. We couldn't do it without your support.
It's old school story telling, with a modern twist & just a pinch of strange.
My dreams have come true.
I have been really good this year ;) hope I'm on the NICE list : interesting...2 may be the closest to correct :)
what time and channel is game on, Tom?
Really hope to!!
i'm not going to have time to watch the #RoyalWedding :( cause i gotta get up early .
Come tan at LA Tan 123 W. Madison whenever you are in Chicago!
Just saw Tom Crean at the pacer game!
I just pulled a Britta at work.
Again PPU has a lot to be proud of. NAIA Tourney appearance for first time, most wins/consecutive wins and with first year head coach.
Cheers to that.
I'm so tired of AP homework
ooh I like that idea! Next couple of weeks?
Alright universe. Tell me what I need to release so that my job will be to physically, emotionally & spiritually touch others. I'm ready.
Haha right.! If diggy was performing errybody would be begging me to come lol..but is that a yes? ;-)
O yeaahh i like how it feels!!
Hey People I need your support ! Give me some feedback on my videos ! There on my page ! I have a little of everyything !
Congrats on all the #goldenglobes mentions! You guys killed it yesterday. (And our handle is actually ) :)
If life were measured by accomplishments, most of us would die in infancy.
Kony at school
"Songs in the Key of Life" spinning in my apartment all evening.
Glued to the TV watching Idol...
Panthers make the playoffs for first time in a decade and all of the sudden SoFla sports fans think they know hockey. Hilarious.
I speak the truth. CP3 said he wanted to be with the best team in LA. The Los Angeles
Retweet if you #LOVE #KARAOKE!
of course!:-)
Right. ! (: lmfaoooooo but are you gonna go to that radio station ?
Which elementary school did you went Aaron. Because I went to Kelly elementary in Compton.
The last day for the BBQ festival in downtown Memphis..
Loved lunching w/ you and Mom today! Thank you again.
email sent! let me know if you need any more information. Thanks again
Working from home today, cruising through documentation, plodding through laundry. Vic's still on the crackers-and-Gatorade diet.
yep yep
Don't forget - Easter Baskets for homeless children for 22 years!
#impactfactor #altmetrics this link doesn't work. I was interested.
"We all fucked for four hours and it made me puke. Sorry we're late, Mom."
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATURDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB/STRIP CLUB!!
tyty! he even hated on me too, lol.
If Bristol Palin gets run down by a Range Rover before next Monday, we'll know who and what happened.
Thanks so much!
Here we go...... I think I found my new single (Freaky Deaky) Produced By 84 Productions. Let's Get It In!!!!!
Laughing with people you just met. Rare magic.
she's not weak y argue w-an ignorant person
I wish I was Mark Zuckerberg
In 1984, the first Macintosh computer by Apple was introduced.
Don't usually like internet guys who write "+1" when they agree, but read your tweet & tweet you replied to...must say +1.
Thanks for the RT! You get a free macaron next time you come by!! Ask for Chef James, tell him twitter sent you.
Getting dress for my partyy . Hope I have funn .
thank you thank you and be back real soon
RT : Well told me to go to bed...good night twitter.
I am the very model of a modern Major-General I've information vegetable, animal, and mineral I know the kings of England...,.
Was a Spokesmodel for a great company this past weekend. Hitting the office later today, then more castings.
Definitely, suggest that one to the Milwaukee Bucks! They might interested!
Julia, great meeting you at scio12, hope we can talk shop again! Also, love your podcasts...
Ima be Jordan legendary or Kobe great/ True to this never new to this so make no mistake/ I been spittin' since Kobe rocked da fro wit
i had one done and I was like "._. Holy fudge. I am not taking an hour to do this bad of a job" 
#STFU people on ecstasy don't even like you!!!
Hope you're lovin' it!
NBA teams pick up Mike Bibby to guarantee losing in the playoffs
And He Said He Can Truck Me NEVER !
doing some more work in th studio...
No way. I would never.
TODAY, join our MOBILIZATION RALLY w/DANNY GLOVER and Team Ross at 11 am at 24th & Mission!
Hm... #let'sDance
Steve Novak is on FIRE for the Knicks!!
not too much! Just laying around. You?
Tweet speaking that be that groupiee shit !
lol sometimes u got to set an alarm. ;-)
#InMiddleSchool I was a scared little boy. Now look at me....nobody and I mean nobody can intimidate me.
Had some pretty sweet dreams last night :-) Did you??
Same! I'm re-reading Last Sacrifice for the thousandth time lol its the only one I have right now but I've read them all
It does. it's better that they realized that it wasn't going to work before instead of getting married, new house, etc., right?
8 years or months?
Ten more minutes >_<
For monologues, did you try Google already? Also monologue books in the bookstore and library. I don't have any off my head.
Nothing like faking injuries in gym class
I have had so much coffee already.
I named my voodoo doll "Annie". I'm watching you.
If your pet has been diagnosed with digestive disorders and is on any kind of meds for it, then you need to examine the food you're feeding!
This Moms day, if you have a mom that you love, don't Tweet about it, get up and tell them yourself.
I'm so small you won't see me. I'll sneak up like a ninja. :D
Cold hearted tear your feelings apart
Glory to God Glory to God!
Fed my cat a scrap of turkey today. He almost bit my hand off.
Finally free from work, what a crazy day :P wine + foot massage are very much needed
are not enjoyable and that other things lack these enjoyable features. See what I mean?
At least I got balls to say shit not turn away and text every five seconds
last year you had to do some serious shit to get kicked out. What did you all do?
how's your shitty day goin
The songs are super fun! Thanks for seeing the show! RT : Definitely seeing FIRST DATE and I'm looking forward to it!
sounds good ..lot of new stuff..and a better mix and match price..$2 off a bottle for sixers..22oz included..
Just had lighthouse fish and chips. Thankful showed me this place a few summers ago!
3.5 miles today. Try doing quick sprints in the middle of your runs. Helps build stamina quicker and burns more fat/calories.
Happy mothers day mom! Even though we fight like crazy i loue you so much and wouldn't be who i am without you :*
He is. I believe there is a fix but it won't be fixed until tomorrow. There will be an announcement during 2nd hour about it.
3:00PM ET. I hope Rondo is still with the
I think everyone at the Rose Garden should get TWO chalupas if the 100th point comes in the 3rd, like it just did
Never stop. Never settle.
You're sure you're not the least bit gay, Devin? XD
Seriously. I didn't think I would be so close to buying my iPod so quickly. This is what having Faith in Jesus does. :") lol Almost there!
When i was 9 i was extremly skinny
Made it to break, 50k chips going to 6/1.2, 23 remain, tougher table with some good spots too - eat, meditate, win
My daughter is home sick today :(
#FTSKwarped2012! If they really do play, man I am going to miss out on so much.
Don't let her down when she needs you the most.
With campaign signs on hand, do you think JoAnne Kloppenburg will ask for a recount of the Supreme Court election or not?
Sending Love and Peace to all affected by the #earthquake/
are you kidding me? I know every word of every song I love it. how about you? 50 ways to say goodbye and mermaid are great
California enlisting "arts drivers" like Quincy Jones, Harrison Ford, Wolfgang Puck, Jack Black for license plate campaign
lol. It's all good.
I'm a producer from Houston, I'd like to send you a exclusive package of new ones I've made that may fit your style
I dont care what #Mcnabb did for the #Redskins or #Vikings he can do more then Caleb Hangme #Bears need him!!!
Umm ne needs a shut down corner champ bailey for gronk straight up
Music Loud!
You know I'm just talkin shit. Dont question Me
was gonna quit drinking for the entire month of july but totally forgot about the 4th... ugh. #noholidaysinaugustright?
Nailed it.
So tired. #BYE I shall tweet tomorrow!
like 50% full.
I probably didnt get it right, I checked all the videos so I hope I did im just not sure about the second one:)
So does that mean you'll be visiting numerous Good Wills this weekend?
I burn baby burn like disco inferno
my friend this #Boyfriend is sexy :D i agree <3
definitely creepy...
#WhyiGive Our online global community #curepals supports #socialcauses and raises funding,hope, and inspiration
I know you use your powers for good... and not evil. :)
We've got okie state on the ropes now
I got c's in da trap c's c's I'n da trap
heyy guys :D
My chinchilla has mastered the art of emotional blackmail. He's begging for treats and I'm giving in.
Rain, rain, rain ... too much for Daytona. Is the 500 going to start today ... or will it be delayed????
'killing every beat you hop on. Montage is getting hella plays in my car and ive been driving I'm in VA wishin I was in CA
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. FB
and oh yeah....and my dad wore Old Spice when I was a girl. Brings back memories......LOVED that scent!
okayy it was an epic fail cause i got tired n when 2 be so im starting it again
Awesomesauce! That was fun!!
Wonderful Dinner tonight Taco Tuesday! Bike ride in and Fun day.. Fun evening!
#custserv RT : Yay, Melanie! Happy to hear that! Have a great flight and a great weekend!
Metta has a mix tape! Will be blasting that in the office in a matter of days....or weeks.........or NEVER!
just firing shots tonight!
Privacy… Do you really have privacy? Information is being collected everyday, where does it go?
Why thank you Pandora for playing Brandi Carlile tonight! And thanks to the boy for helping me through an awful last minute project ;-)
Happy Birthday Again ! (:
Lol im done ! chris brown lookin a wait he looks better haha
Rad may have helped Josh but he was such a defensive liability he could have hurt.He hasn't shown me he's the best not in NHL.
Makes people smell like monkey.
I'm ready to kick butt & take names today. Go Friday!!!
Hey young lady out there!! You CAN #love completely again. Not only AGAIN, but even BETTER; when u #Love thru Love (God)
I've gotten some of the best sleep in high school
☼ To wear your heart on your sleeve isnt a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best. Margaret Thatcher
how would you define "setting the stage"?
Bought new flats yesterday and I have a pretty dress I got for my birthday, problem is I have no where to wear them to......
A beirutsi goes to a bar and sees a man having his way with a goat out back. He informs the bartender who says: "kidem, baa-baa's eh!"
I'd rather shit in my hand than watch Pitbull and Nicki Minaj perform. Nice choices NBA.
appreciate family
Great conference today with and #TX House District 102 Public & Higher Education Advisory Committee. Thank you Rep. Carter!
I love you<3
I'm going to be really sad when my #traderjoes sea salt and turbinado sugar dark chocolate almonds are gone.
#denverleadership Ersek " in Denver people ask how are you and they MEAN it. You have to answer, in detail!"
LMAO!..DAMN 4REAL..HOPE HE GET WELL...
any word on Neal or Asham yet ?
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Thanks for hanging with us ladies! RT : with my chicky This place is the bestest!!!
Greenpointers! They're packing up the piano for the night and reading Gherasim Luca under candle light 5/25 at 5pm!
What kinds of things do you like to play?
Thanks for the good work that you do. Keep it up! Jorge we'll see you at tonight's LAUSD Redistricting Mtg.
Tumblrr. is Amazing.
follow me please love<3~
Brandon will be very happy to hear that.
what, for free?
The road to success is always under construction.
Michalko summary: data is the next frontier fir commercial publishing. Humanities is the new big data.
I am drinking coffee.
that's awesome Dunham!!!!
yeah true ! I believe you, that's just sad how no countries can watch it
yeah I like her music she is a great singer.
Fittingly, Dwight King is the star of the game. Jonathan Quick is a close runner up. All around great effort by the #LAKINGS tonight.
please follow back?(:
Bruce Lee~ A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence.
Yep but was getting tired of random weirdos friend requesting - so removed search feature. One Sec.
#HappyMothersDay to all the Moms & Mother Figures out there! You are special not only today but everyday... THANK YOU for what & how you do!
What a storyline. What a solo from Marcus. I literally can't watch without smiling. I may be biased but they should win...
thanks for joining the
Now I has a sad.
"Does this make me look fat?" "No, your fat makes you look fat."
No, that's why its amusing to me. RT : do you speak Spanish? :)
You are so welcome! :-)
learning about how management is a circus.
Woman on the shuttle behind me is upset that her daughter isn't a liar/cheat. My tongue hurts from biting it.
I was just looking at the current Elliot's... One to try! I'll check out mothers too. Thanks for the recs!
I guess its officially Badger basketball season.
The #Patriots #colts AFC Championship game is on #ESPN2 right now. The Pats would have beat the #bears in superbowl. Another one got away
you get 1 pt per chapter and you can get up to 10 points. deadline is on webcampus calendar
#bednarz Not sure about killer staff person. Funny, but ehhhh.
no problem ♥
boom done.
Looking forward to #AbSciCon12 next month. Anything in particular I ought see in Atlanta?
I want to be on my dads new boat!
Yes...looking forward to visioning in your back office at Hanson Harmonies South Las Vegas.
Nothing worse than a craving caused by someone else's tweets/posts...
where u hear that foolishness ?
So, our season ended last night, losing to WV. Now the wait to see who stays and who turns pro. It's been a good season. Sad to see it end
Sad day. Between Shades of Grey by Ruta Sepetys was a really good one, too, but historical.
Our 1100th follower (next follower) will get a free MEB Dri-Fit Long-Sleeve Shirt. Once you follow, tweet to us "Free MEB Dri-Fit"
Feel free to message me(:
nothing wrong with that. that just shows how much of a true fan you are about your squad. a lot of fans dont do that
Because of time considerations, didn't analyze the final 10 picks of #NFLdraft first round...let's get to it for morning crew.
AP Source: Stanford AD Bowlsby offered Big 12 job
Local schools key to solving local problems: by engaging kids in real world learning, critical thinking, problem solving, discovery, inquiry
Goodmorning, on behalf of ,I Wanna wish all my followers a blessed and safe day. Let's keep it positive
Ready to knock these 8 hrs out
you need a profile descrip. :)
You know how senior facilities play old folks nostalgic music from their youth? I'm going to die being forced to listen to Black Hole Sun.
RT : Voit's David Fults says,"Investors bet heavily on improving fundamentals." in the LA industrial market...
Bless ya Rev. You good?
what is the best way to clean my brushes?
i retweeted this
I want to write and record songs with and
"Next season" is already here, prepare now.
I found you!! Looking forward to Wed. Make that REALLY looking forward to Wed!!
do you work tonight???!
doin a great job on homeless coach documentary!
We've also done this before but always come up short. Let's see...
do you still talk to your sister?
This had occurred to me, and is being considered.
That was quick! ": End of Linsanity? Lin merch 50% off in NY stores
Graham on barrel-aging beers in general: “It’s a risk.” He notes several well-respected breweries have had infection problems.
#SOTU 2001 ..."; that success is not a function of fame or PR, but of hard work and discipline." (pt.3) (cc: )
#masters... check. #phillies opening day... check. This is why god invented the second monitor.
Getting food stuck in your teeth: 2% Get it out with a toothpick. 8% Use your finger to remove it. 90% Using your tongue; CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
This looks all too familiar now.
Thinking is the hardest work there is, that's what separates an Architect from a Life A Tect
Of course he then pointed at a picture of a chicken fricasee and said "Mommy!"
Disappointing to say the least. Ravens were their own worst enemy in the 2nd half
Brewing some beer and getting ready for a Q&A session via Skype with Phin and Nathan from
Adam just berated me with this little nugget: "SNOOPY IS A MUCH BIGGER DEAL THAN YOU THINK HE IS."
This night holds great memories!.
Still on a creative high from this past weekend, and more output it still yet to come...
#IDidntTextYouBack because you're always giving me one word replies
All jokes aside, I wonder what #TanningMom wants for #MothersDay? I mean besides 5 hours in tanning bed with baby oil slathered head to toe.
In your hands. I'd be nervous. Resigned myself to the fact we would get pegged back and be play off bound.
"Misfortune tests friends, and detects enemies."
Gotta hit your free throws!!!
damn EDC so soon
Driving through rain/lightening storm. Smells so good! It's beautiful!
did not see it as such. Did you take a look at me? Why would I do or say something discriminatory?? Not my type.
Thanks for following! Have a great weekend! :)
i want u to know that someone out there cares....not me but someone does...
Tweeting bout the guy hackin a lung
looking forward to it “: Ready to rock King Content: a social media audit in Mountbatten B at #pseweb”
yohooo I c u, love u, miss ya!!!
your so mean! lol but obviously you do since you took the time to read it..😜 haha
Back door neighbors*
always do! :)
#catnap #sickgimmick Catnap Rocks!
Gorgeous weather! Perfect for sitting outside on a patio enjoying a beer.
Plus its not letting me upload any pix,, saying its to big,,
a pleasure!
Rest in peace Michael Jackson. I still miss you brother. Its been 2 years and it still ain't the same.
read my bio
#Np another night - mac miller
Happy #NFLDraft Friday! Who were you most shocked about that got picked up in the first round last night?
It's the journey toward doing these harder climbs that really gives value to the whole activity of climbing. - Alex Lowe
Editing today. Editing today. Tra-la-la editing today.
Wells Fargo.... You tried it. You're ruining my life.
ask for Brian or Megan!!
I was practicing Cello today and now my thumb joint really needs to "pop" but it won't no matter what I do.
Finally caught up with email after being at the #IRCE2011 conference last week... where did this Monday go? Hello? Monday? Nope, gone.
FTFY RT : The Obama Campaign says VP Biden will spotlight Pres Obams's "efforts to create an economy built to BE IN last."
Followed you back already Rions. Glad to meet you.
My tires are supposed to arrive tomorrow!
be careful!
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic Coupe LX Automatic for a new car!
I have been going NONSTOP today! It will all payoff tonight at the formal with :)
I'm glad you liked it. :)
too cute!! I love it
Lizzie McGuire - The Michael Jackson Internet Fan Club MJIFC
Nothing like a little bit of to emotionally jump-start a slow morning.
Speaking at the #IBM and #SugarCRM social business roadshow in Austin
So far I'm really enjoying the rush of great writing, smart insight, POV, and discriminating stories from
Maybe they were busy with school, but I have been to the Pru on a Sat. night... they KNOW how to get there! :-P
Team Oldspice Guy all the way.. this duel of epic proportions started today at noon apparently!
in a few mins when I find paper and a marker
your mean
What to do?? Get the iPhone 4 or 4S....tough choice.
This type of shit annoys me. Plus I'm hungry
looks kind of bawdy
Former U-T columnist Tom Blair says: "On Monday I was fired. 'The Tom Blair Era with the U-T has ended,' I was told."
#Behr just came out with a mobile app. It can take a picture and do color matching all on your phone. Nice!
I seriously love your profile picture on here.
Meanwhile in America,1 Million Retarted Moms is protesting Ben &Jerry's Schweddy Balls ice cream. testicle humor is killing our children?
I have no idea what I'm doing right now
ditto. RT : I wish I were still sleeping. Just putting that out there.
How is quarter to 5 already? Need more sunday please.
RT Configuring the View Security server with PCoIP tunneling to eliminate VPN at a local hospital this week.
Makin rock candy.. Looks kinda icky
super week to you also!!!
Interesting to see how CHCC runs tomorrow.
By fooms I mean rooms...
Day 2 of my new Ft job, 1st in 8 years...and I gotta say....this is sweet!
Hot damn! Huntsman needs to make sure everyone knows how hot his daughters are. That'll win votes. See -->
al brown 14 south rowan 0
Just picked up my bro from the airport!!
Thanks for attending the keyword research webinar!
But, I stand by my point that we should welcome anyone who attends a concert, not scold them for not knowing "the rules"
woo anything! i miss you already tho! message me on fb!
The funny thing is I didn't even see his post until after I tweeted mine lol
It is cool. He did Jedi Training Academy, which is not a regular retail item. Nice memory.
15 year-old girl told me her mom pulled her out of school to babysit. I thought it was 2012 not 1912.
aw! That's what I want to do but they all got dates so yeah...
Excited to see the first live simulcast of Madama Butterfly from the press suite! Such a great idea.
that sucks that she blamed the wrong person. now india is gone and jeremy is the mole. dirty hoe.
let's play 2!
You did such a great job this morning on way to make Big D proud! Have fun in NYC!!
Alternative medicine is gaining speed in many doctors’ offices
RT this if u wear snapbacks
Producing short film, Infatuation, today in Albany. Just wrapped. 2 more days and back to editing Rain Dance.
Wow Mark! You're near my "home town"! The leaves should be turning right about now - pretty!
I need an umbrella 💦🙆
Wait... Does that mean I'm not a cool kid?
I'll write it if you'll revise it. S'alright? S'alright.
Enjoy bowling 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
nigga i didnt wanna walk it looks ugly ass hell outside, i missed the bus & no one could of taken me -- late arrival.
Great photo! From you Graphic Design team?
Sleep was a good idea.
we anticipate the first week of April.
just planted a window box outside my manhattan kitchen window. petunias and little white lace like things.
And yes, I am sad enough to trade you pizza for a shirt.
its raning sunshine. dancing crazy.(:
Thanks Miss ya and hope all is well in TX!
Just wanted to tell you how much I enjoy your wording choices. in commenting on tweets!
Finally got a film intro from Meg! Go Meg Into the Wake just got a Golden Badger Award! About to start at the Bartell.
“: You know about Skrillex? You must be a diehard dubstep fan.” << Hahahahahahahahaha this is so true these days, lol
Almost there!
Heading to to trade away years of #Beerfest glasses.
you were amazing!!
Shirts on sale at Choosey Chicks!!!! Call us at 800-794-9190...
Dammit Mat, Get an online store. Otherwise I may never be able to get a swagsquad shirt </3
This gave me a little heartleap of joy! Let's connect this week. Wednesday am and between 2-5 is flexible for me.
People change; your current status may change; but yesterday, today and forevermore… We have Jesus! Have a great weekend! Be Encouraged!
I'm a Apple Head, but Android is actually better, 4G, and bigger screen.
♥ Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the world... ! Love & blessings. I LOVE YOU! ♥
you're not really a fan if your in love with an artist after a single
If you have never seen story of the year live, I highly recommend it. Just watched their DVD live from the Lou for the millionth time!
": Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel."
And my day starts now
Guess they never read a King or Martin novel:)
Comicon Texas was the most successful show ever !!! Thank you.
Launch an independently produced webcast. Could land you a special place in history as the catalyst for a major paradigm shift.
further -- plays itself as objective, not taking sides, etc. but no reference to anything real actually happening here.
gated communities provide an additional sense of security now days, its a seperatism that makes some people more comfortable
Who wants Matt Hunter's BMM and number? I'm giving it. Hahaha Just kidding. I won't, sorry. :)
“Competition is open internet… It’s a fundamental survival question.”
That's her standard Pokemon attack! I hope you're strong against insult times!
shyt I'm on my way home right now
oh. i really like that idea.
A2 If the employer brand story is the "real" corp culture - employee personal brands can reflect that...
Ladies participating in Saturdays event please check you Facebook mail
Your set/ after set on the Mo'Nique Show! Funniest ish I've seen in a LONG TIME! My fav part was EVERY PART LOL!
Awww... thanks! Your store is awesome! Char - you & Nat should join KAC & come to the signing in Oct. :)
Mixx it is
Triple double for what a game and a big W #AllStarSnub for sure
looking forward to the podcast!
Glad I'm not the only weirdo interested in the weather in other cities. :)
There is absolutely no other like her
What the fuck happened to pens penalty kill?
OMFG I JUST HEARD TURN TO YOU ITS AMAZING<3
Good night :-) eh forgot to do my homework hahaha to back ..
Thanks I will check it out! :)
I'm just going to have a smile and be with him while I can :'(
Omg i gotta pee so bad but don't feel like walking outta class
What part of the country are these in? Where can I find the "other" Ben?
lol i always knew you were on that crazy shit. How did it go though?
ZERO percent #0% see jesse lee at Jay Honda Ohio in Bedford
That's my next step! trying to figure this out!!!
Work out time....
What's next in delivering experiences through labor specialization? #p2p #sxsw Is the theory of the firm dead?
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY AT THE COW! DOUBLE POINTS FROM 8-11pm. Call and reserve a table... Giddy UP!
Next year, it'll happen! #notWorried RT : Needs to get out of 1st round first
Watching my fav late night show the nanny
Waking up with a headache <
Here they come Pittsburgh is back in the game
Hope your well sir
I love everything about you that hurts so let me see your wounds
Listening to Broncos game & beginning to decorate store for Xmas.
I hate running poles
cant wait to see John Mark McMillan tomorrow at
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage ."- Lao Tzu. Happy Friday, yogis!
lol... Thanks for the s/o... What yo pic lookin like... What that hat and gun fingers to the headcnt even show yo face?
Having or showing great emotion or Zeal.
Nudge should get heavy Calder consideration 43 points in less games
I see a lot of Barack Obama ads on Yahoo! mail. I tend to click on every one of them. I wonder if he is paying per click?
Loving my video game time with <3
she looks like a tree kangaroo! Or a red panda.
♫ King & Queens, philosophers have tried so hard to find. Tell me what it means to u dear~never mind. Love is kind when the world is cold ♫
RT : Congrats to on his first WT win! We'd put our money on him winning many more of them. <- rock on!
smart kid! Lol i need to quit going to their games. The 2 i have been to this year they have lost.
And it misses you too! :)
No mention of Oswego County's most notorious export yet.
should I be scared?
Hope your fellow Minnesotites are saying good things about me :-)
All Fenway locations, including , will be closed Monday, April 16 for Patriots' Day. We look forward to seeing you next week.
Follow me and I will def follow u right back :)
Ikr means I know right lol (:
My legs are killing me from tonight! But had a greeaaat time (; goodnight!
You lookin at me, Im looking through you !
Home from class. Got my guinea pigs settled n their new home! 💓🐹🐹💓
Neon Shade & Leather Lace. You're Welcome.
I LOVE MY LIFE!
I used to complain about carrying diapers/wipes...now it's rubber gloves, Clorox wipes and a step stool because he has to pee like Daddy 🚽
Steel sounds more interesting.
Fast Pass kicks a$$
wait did they play them on air or just post it on Facebook?
Arrived safely in chicago
Found 2 dollars in my jeans. Going to the cubs game with reese and jen. Its beautiful outside, its going to be a great day!
Oh. I guess all I had to do was ask. Nice. RT : Blazers trade center Marcus Camby to Houston Rockets, a source tells Y!
thanks for the follow!! Your kay mason foundation is awesome!
If you could cast me in ONE role, what would you LOVE to see me play?!
I agree, the sky is the limit for this kid. This freshman class is going to be very good with some experience.
Who begins too much accomplishes little. ~ German Proverb
i'm trying to tell myself that it's officially not ok to cry over an episode of chopped.
Thanks for keeping us updated and keep up the good work!
Follow me?(:
im just kidding lebb. :)
#FollowFriday- thanks for the #FF mentions & !! Check them out, give them a follow!
I seriously want to fucking break something, or hell, maybe burn some shit. Too god damned annoyed with people these days.
they did not approve lol
Can't wait for this NFL season to start!! Who's gonna get last place?!?! The race for #AndrewLuck begins!
$2 pints of Schlitz and RW Stein. $3 micro pints. 2-4-1 wells. What a great day to spend with me at 3007 s K.K. Blackbird. 4-9pm
UH WHO IS FRIDAY DIVA??
as long as you're also trying to attract men 80% of the time you did good.
lol it's ok, she's someone else's problem now. If I could reprogram my teenage daughter I'd be set. Lol
I got to see last night! Still pretty as ever!
On the flip side, if you're making a list comparing Osweiler and Russell Wilson, Wilson has pages of pluses. Osweiler's has "He's taller"
People. If I email you, please don't come over to me and talk about that email unless you really have to. IT'S IN THE EMAIL. thank you.
Robert Stern found peace today.
People with anything other than their actual middle name for a middle name on Facebook.
It's a great day to be.... at the beach!
Thanks to your session at Staff Development Day, I have been inspired to start tweeting
Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears by Verna Aardema: Blame the mosquitoes!
Dear immune system: I'm sorry I stressed you out. Please start working again. I want to get up off the couch some time this week.
Thanks for including us in your most recent issue!
