Don't tempt us--writing is hard enough!
Anyone used a drawing app to sign official docs? Wondering if Ian & I can sign something w/o needing to print & fax. Acrobat for aypd?
- I'll be there!! Can't wait!
Wow! RT : "69% of people mark spam based on subject line." -
My mom cannot stop talking about getting a puppy! She isn't picking him up for a month but already named him...
somehow got out of your call & couldn't reconnect via internet. Kept getting recorded version! :-(
Hey, I got your DM but it wouldn't let me respond since you're not following me. But to answer... Yes, that info is correct.
my diet plan consists of eliminating the best and adding more worst
Closest I can find is "Advertising is the poetry of capitalism," which is a quote from Michael Maynard.
Hahahaha she's dumb.
Just launched our facebook page today. Complete with new mixes of our songs
imagine flightposite as a pair of crocs
stephuu are you working today?
Man, I can never fall asleep the night before I leave for awhile. Back to packing.
Omg. Code purple? LOL. I blame Nolan. :p But seriously, someone makes a tumblr "Dirty Bieber Secrets" God, horny beliebers.
Yeah but its true :P
November 22nd, Chicago, IL. I'll try to be there :) I will tear shit up!
Oh shit. I haven't texted Marc yet today. It's our 5 month.
Ball State: If you are in sales/advertising and graduating this spring, let me know. Social media/digital skills preferred!
What language is this?
Jogging in the heat!!!
"Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the number of moments that take your breath away..."
Go away work, but leave my money. 7-11 = Hell
EXCUSE ME
Obama's visit of the campaign finance ATM machine otherwise known as California. My story for
"just like a road block stops traffic,unforgiveness stops blessings and progress with the almighty God"-Tommy 2 Chips
you should follow me.
what's up! Thanks for the love! He'll yah well see you at backbooth!
I just met u and this is crazy but here's my number- call me maybe ( that song is so catchy) lol
Bk frm d doc.. My fat fat done cried his self yo slp mad cause he couldn't talk on d phone poor bby nobody wanted 2 ans d phone #its all gud
I think you are right, because it takes 2 way conversation for community but only 1 way for an audience.
what up
Thx my love!! Xo RT : Happy mothers day
good! Just playing around with instagram. Hope all is well with you my friend!
Well I wasn't wrong and is the best thing that's happened to my life and I can't even express how much I love her!!!
Dont look back. Something might be gaining on you. ---Satchel Paige
#4 Who will pay me?
There was a little bit of bumping int the office this morning. What are you guys listening to today?
Dude I've been up since Friday, with no nap.
counting down the months until its my bday sep 5!
Friday & i just got paid U might find me on the Westside, Southside I'm even going across the bridge y'all. Cause I'm Living 4 the Weekend
Sure! I love the idea...but it's on SO late! I can't stay up that late... boo! Gotta DVR it!
I should probably start packing or something since I leave for Palm Springs in 5 hours.
LOL where did u sit and ya LOL
Well, it sure as hell wasn't the Brewers highlights, or lack there of!
Tragedy + TIME = Comedy
happy mother's day. Just from following you...you are great reporter but I can tell an even better momma!
We are rarely proud when we are alone. - Voltaire
Haha! Have you ever read about how they shoot the show? Google it! Very interesting.
At #ACLUcon getting smart about criminal justice reform. Did you know 71% of folks in CA jail are awaiting trial?!
No, but DM me your address and I will mail you one.
People in the city really do not like using the word excuse me. When trying to get past someone.
Just got a tour of the Boston Globe! Thank you !
High School girls playoff basketball. My daughter's team ThunderRidge against my wife's alma mater Cherry Creek. Who will she root for?
what's da move Mac
Or you could send me your address and save me a lot of time and trouble.
objectives, participant pre-work, agenda, evaluation of meeting
whos watching videos at 3:38 am? this girl right here haha :)
Same! RT : Getting ready for the #styleliner reception in DC!
Ask her about the baby animal videos. RT : Help me. She's so weird.
I love it, I love it, I love it, when you eat it...
umm um that's close to Methuen right? I was just in Methuen.
March scmarch. I turned the game on at the bar with 6 min left, and now people are yelling and screaming for overtime
I wonder what's going on when I find myself dreaming in French. Been years since I lived there, & I don't speak it regularly now.
I disagree. It's because 24 million people subscribe already. They are not going to shit in their own bed
Wrapping up another great day of helping clients hit their budgets!!
ew Lauren you so nasty i want the real deal
sooner than later lol.
Thanks! Happy New Year! RT : Thanks for the follow ! #NF your personal page as well :)
Right on man! RT Focus!!! Don't want that feeling ever again!!!! #grizznation!!
Kurt Elling and his CD Nightmoves is one smooth sound. I am sorry I did not find out about him sooner.
Moving toward more partnerships and resource sharing is the first great movement of the 21st Century.
thank you <3 and no problem
tell me
Im always on her mind and she always in my thoughts
club boo.......splash
I can't live up to my twitter handle now :-(
i am smoking on exoctic ! lmao !
True or false. Next season tech has a wr gain a 1000 yards.
RT : Glad the Lakers won. The NBA Playoffs without Kobe Bryant is like a golf tournament without Tiger Woods. The sport needs Kobe
“: Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.”
best video I've seen all day.
My hubby & I were there just last weekend & bought the 5 pk punch card! Can't wait to go back!
Can't do worst than what I just did. :)RT : tais-toi !!!! On a le match après l'Euroleague !!!!!
im so scared for itt
blah blah blah!
Excellent. Who came out on top? Either way, death wins out.
oh now you guys are against tatoos!!!...nah, just playing.
Enjoying a yummy Caramel Brulee w/1 pump Toffee nut Frappuchino from the Bucks, m....
oh i will check
not sure why my twitcon is upside down, but okay.
I am in the midst of eating an $11,000 cookie. It’s pretty good. It’s cinnamon sugar and goes perfect with my cup of very strong Java.
crazy bastard
Interesting how article about and how her Twitter influences her website traffic.
": You must let go of your ex to receive your next. You can't embrace the future while clinging to the past."
Just took Ryan Mathews for $32 on $200 budget; Right where I had him at financially.
it's crazy how many people already registered, i saw that it opened up at midnight!
If you're a porn star you might as well Unfollow me because I'm not following you back.
What happens if you don't get #TiVo caught up before all the fall premieres?
Great turnout for #MidtownEco planning session tonight! Facilitators were a Who's Who of smart people who care about the future of the ATL.
Stay in tuned Colorado! Follow
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : ALA Member? Have you voted? If not, you have just until tomorrow! Hunt up email with your ballot info & vote. Now.
IM JUST NOT OKAY
I hate when ppl tweet u, when they can easily text me!
that takes the "pre-skool" movt to another level!
remember james use to have the most tickets and he ain't never do anything lmao like "WTF!!!!!!!"
haha. BB PlayBook? How is it?
still not getting anything from you can you tell me the sizes here
more like my role models.. 😳😁😉
No, its coming back to live in Alaska, be refurbished and once again be part of our rolling stock. Down the road....
Back at ya :)
Well I'm doing what I think's best for me: better school, better pay at work, and only an hour away from Ty
#jelenaduet LOVE u guys!!!!
haha! thanks! today is my first day on twitter!
Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle
This weekend is the annual Garage sale! A ton of fantastic local shops and artists under one roof Saturday Hall!
“: thank you for helping me many many times with your teaching” YES!!!!! Me too
Beautiful day, beautiful beach, and one more night with the one man band phenomenon known as Ben Prestage! Starts at 8:30...see you then!!
#DiningbyDesign ends today at 6pm, pier 94 nyc. If you have not checked it out yet, you are missing out.
Only thing I'm scared of , is knowing one day this life will be over. (saddest tweet lol)
wanna find out? (; lol
cant figure out if i wanna be 96 Dre3k or 2012 Dre3k with the mask for next halloween
right!!! Every day.
RT if you think im cute(:
Attending a Citation Tools workshop at PSU Shenango. Starting with Zotero, glad I know Zotero guru
Attending Horizon Report Webinar via my iPad. So far, good.
Congrats Chrissy you deserve all what you have! You guys are a beautiful couple
I dnt want it all just my fair share..
don't you know it's a Saturday?! Hope you can get a nap.
$ZNTR is on an upward move
- yes, very sad. she was not a public freak show. she needed help. how many more like her to come and go?
she's not finished yet but there's 11,000 runners!
I know! :( Que mal. I'm shooting someone on Thurs & promised my sis I'd help her w/bby shower stuff. Hmph. >:(
Wonder what conservative media will have to say about this major victory for the President, or more appropriate "our nation".
oh, I dunno - I was waxing on and off in 1969 (not to mention boxing 1962-1964)...
rt please Johnny's Hideaway Ladies-don't forget you get your first drink #free tonight after 8pm-Happy Monday!!!
Let's #GoPackGo They ain't fucking wit us
sounds good!!! thanks :))
Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it ~ Anaïs Nin
only where booze is concerned!
I love it when former cast members host SNL. #Reunionshow!
Government shutdown..still up learning more by the hour..over healthcare,medicare,planned parenthood..are you serious?
looking like his daddy and sht
Coffee is so good!!! Good morning everyone!!
I need to send u a dm so follow me back..
#MesaCollegeSecret There is a food truck down by the Science bldg (near the construction) that sells delicious Lumpia! Go get some!
OMG!! I LOVE your new Pic <3
Chris Newman is a professional sign painter. You can see his work (including sandwich board) at Eugenio's - send DM
... developing intimacy and sex-role identity. Depression or problems in school may herald budding sexual difficulties.
nope its been the same for years!!
thanks girl :)
word I learned today: psephology.
woah. I think I need to start riding the bus with you.
Also, did you know we have an reference Twitter account?
Children's authors to follow: Edith Fine , Suzanne Santillan & Karen Coombs
Let us know if you are a Civil War Sesquicentennial commission and we haven't connected with you yet!
My mother isn't letting me do this American Idol thing tomorrow fml ive been practicing so hard and now i dont even get a shot at it :'(
using Android right now. But v. tempted by the new iPhone.
Space still available for green products or services 7 Michigan Made products call 313 288 2126 or
: how she get my number?
beautifully stated "time waits for nobody" What do you think about the chat page? Life coaching? honestly......... :)
I'm glad my son has an 11:00 O'clock soccer game this morning, because it's freezing outside right now.
yea if my mom gets the battery
Yay! I don't smoke on any day either, let alone today, haha. Also, 49 days! 😄
Iris smacked me thinking I was wallly -_-
Why my lil cousin called a sewage a dookie ditch
Did u hear that the lakers are still gonna 3peat !!! Let's go lakeshow.
Lol YES. The shit was so funny, but weak as fuck at the same time lmao
u may not be good at many things, but that's one area that I can definitely hang ;). Lunch soon?
Smash party.
we are cleaning up the cincinnati roadways until 1230 this afternoon!
oh my my oh hell ya you got to put on that party dress jammin it on our way
Looking forward to BEA - Nyx will be coming along!
The person who is the hardest to forgive is the one who can teach you the greatest lessons
Sweet. We have the awesome from Story of Stuff at the wheel of today.
Sorry for the unfollow but #nfb no follow back. Let me know if you'd like help with your Soc Media Marketing.
My puppy is so cute! I hate leaving him in the morning for school! ):
Totally going to try to get designs up on walls and have more black hat sessions. Design focused process, here we come!
Ppl Get Mad When You Don't Invite Them Somewhere But Never Show Up When You Do Invite Them.. o_O FUCK IZ GOODIE
Never once did Lebron talk shit about his trash ass teammates when he played for the Cavs..
Happy birthday !
Haslem and Miller: The Florida Boyz!
hahahah , i think my spermies are dead. That or the holes i've been poking in these condoms arent big enough.
RT : Since end of Oct >1,700 jobs have been announced in Greater #RVA: Capital One, CapTech , , HDL &
Congrats to ! Let's
At a friend's house and the dog just pissed on me bahaa
win a free trip to the Palace Resorts Choose from 12 Beautiful - 5 Star Hotels -
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
why are you on the floor?
me go with you.!
You're a fan no doubt, but if You're rooting for them to suck to get a better draft pick, then ur a bad fan
you are crazy
Hoping for smoke machine, fans streaking across the stage, bloody mosh pit, bubbles.
Going to physical therapy.
who buzzin about our live auction in the ABQ?
you're pretty ok too :)
Great success requires you, risk and resiliency
Jim Jones used religion for evil, but others have enhanced lives and made society better. I'm not sure the religion itself matters
haha we had a conversation about this earlier. i think you might just be jealous
and a handshake! Will you be there sunday?
PLEASE FOLLOW
Might not of seen her in person but I got to see my girlfriends face for once this week!
me too! then everyone sits here and tries to convince me that i shouldn't like him.
Crazy people that's who! But yes organic carpet cleaner... Now the toddler pee stain is another story.
Everyone has a something they can log in with Open ID- why leave anonymous blog comments?
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road. ~ Henry Ward Beecher
Remember, how it looks on the paper at first is not as important as getting the idea down on the paper. You can always fix it later.
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
stock up on hot chocolate! :)
With that said, tomorrow (or today when I wake up later) is gonna hurt
Q6 Informational signs should be accurate & easily found and read.
Thanks for the tutorial! I have now officially passed level 1 in new catalog searching.
What's up everyone? Anyone watching #Tosh tonight?
Jeeeezus if Rachel didnt call dibs i take niall! dat voice oh lord.
uh, YES, but i was more of a JTT gal, then he became a major dork
Holy irrational fear, Batman! "I hope I don't sleep for 24 hours straight" danced through my head. When have I & why would my alarm fail?
Good stuff from MMS RT : Some info from the Microsoft Private Cloud Certification session
Can you believe we've only got a couple more weeks until the kids go back to school?!
Very interesting approach to mental health -- bring the therapists to you! Check it out:
Cats are slow on the promos.
this has turned into an impromptu bar mid week bar crawl for some reason
I'm not afraid of death: I'm just not a big fan of it. Usually.
How is everyone's night so far? :D
Are you arguing the 0! = 1 by shuffle is an abuse of the empty set?
You're just whiny.
Please forgive the repeat sales reminders, but we don’t do this often, and want to reach everyone in our Twittersphere.
Kim Peek reads two pages at once- his left eye reads the left page, and his right eye reads the right page. Takes him about 3 seconds a page
I am getting HUNGRY.
It sucks how some Beliebers meet Justin like 10 times, and im just here watching Justin Bieber videos & praying for meet him one day
Set up for that thing must be a real bitch.
Suggested Event! Thaw out your turkey
RT : Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success. ~ Henry Ford
I won't tell a soul ...
Clinton impeachment, Bush v Gore, increased use of filibuster, Tea Party - all right wing, not "partisanship on both sides."
A glass iPhone?! It's hard enough not to drop and break the current one, made of plastic and metal and whatnot...
"As you think, so shall you become" Bruce Lee
Get excited for the "Tap-Haven," the extensive beer garden at Beer-Con this year.
I must have picked a good one. :)
I'm buying Mega Millions after work today... don't judge.
less than a week!
The fat woman I always complain about is having an awful time with the heat today.
We are packed with TOPTIONAL ppl today! Love this place!
is working hard to produce what is MUCH bigger and greater than I am . . . which equates to little sleep. : )
I'm in a weird re-tweety mood
I've made that drive a few times. Wait for the view from the long bridges. Be safe.
SON? You made an "older" man feel young :-)
It looks good & sounds good, which r the 2 most important things when it comes to a reel.More footage would help,but it will come.
oh. Muaha!! Avs will ALWAYS be my number 1 team!
shoiuld not sing beach boys....
haha thanks?? And well I would hope so b/c it's my profile picture. Lol
But, I'll obviously be an Orioles fan always.
Not looking forward to breaking the news to my son in the AM that the adults of Bmore couldn't get their act together enough to do better.
There must be something in the beer at JLA...I have a craving for crazy bread.
I'm gonna go to the Mystics home opener next Monday night.
Thank you so much! It means the world to us, stay in touch!
So true!
cuz u no have a passport
That's funny! More class actions!
I would quit the app and re-start it
I thank for making that video showing me because now I am hooked on his music!!!
Got a lot of nigga hatin but the harder they hate the harder I go fuck any nigga that don't like it we WINNING over Here lol
Wainting For the Ravens Game tonight ,hopeing they lick some butt tonight against the Steelers
thanks! I'll definitely take you up on that in the future.
True love will come.
"Art is not therapy."
Just munched a 'Roses' road goodie worth 5 points!
FML, waking up to a loudmouth and can't go back to sleep! Love you lexi, but pleas for the sake of all that is good, shut up!!
Devon they are ur real family! A family is flawed. Get used to it~
arent they making another one ? Oh wait.. I think thats footloose. Nvrmnd. Lol
Hot yoga was incredibly intense today! But I feel pretty good now :)
Whos down to hangout... I cant stand another min at my house I needa get out.
go fall down some steps! Lol
I officially abandoned this show after the delivery episode. I will put up with a lot from TV, but that? Awful.
I knew if I came home id find stuff to do other than study.
Asdfghjkl i'm so tired. Goodnight. x
Excuse me Mr Harrison but I don't think you are allowed to do that....
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live
When someone gets news of someone close to them having a rare blood cancer it really gives you time to pause
THANKS for helping to fix the site. Our parents are very happy with the GREAT DEALS they got. THANKS!!
A bad day at school means it will be a great time at the gym
Filming thursday and friday! =D
I'm getting ready to crash. Been a big day! With lots getting done. Did you get my email reply? Hope it wasn't too long.
Theon is such a punk
what does that friend suggest
15- penguins thats so cute!!!!!! i love christina perri too :) we should talk more!!! ♥
yeah that's what I meant. I was just saying it'll be hard because I wrote for fast flow, which I'm not 100% used to.
Turn on your TV! It's OVERTIME for and ! Make some noise for our 2011 #OldSpiceClassic team !
Haven't tweeted in so long. Can't wait to see NY. Hoping that it'll be what I expect it to be.
Damn i missed something good on the OKC game!:/
You know she a keeper if I'm not getting stressed out
i can tell you what goes on at the bradley center but i wont. lol
RT "Never be the first, never be the last" -Vincent Chase
Felt guilty to give The Beatles a "thumbs down" on Pandora. But when I did the next song was Michael Franti & Spearhead. Fair trade.
No instagrams from any of youses in the last 24 hours?! C'mon get with it!
So bored wish someone would text me
And, I made the #SHINEonline paper again! Good times!!
oh yeah, I saw Denny Crum at Churchill Downs yesterday, man he is
the rain stopped!!!!!! Woohooo!!!!
he is.
Dont you wish some days where like the last :/
#NowWatching The Roommate with my momma ♥
just got out of the shower.I'm #supercold! 😖
I didnt wish you a happy birthday! Im sorry !!
Good things are coming my way
Thank you to both of you for the sweet mentions!
#rbms09 RBMS 50 for 50 Campaign is a success! Please go to the 50 for 50 tab on the Scholarships tab of the preconference website for more!
gorgeous! puts our PDX sunny day to shame...
#iWant a British accent
look look look look look look look look look look look look look look
Montreal v Chicago for the atmosphere.
awesome play in the 4th quarter...sucks that we lost, but I'll take you guys any day of the week and twice on Sundays!
Oh Man just got the reminder of why FB is so Creepy.. Ppl U know in real life Stalk U like a stranger with a Trench coat & Sticky Palms
I DON'T HAVE TO WAKE UP AT 0450 TOMORROW MORNING! Yaay! So what should I do with my free time? Oh I know, hw..........
that looks pretty involved. How about you make me a batch and send them over?
#Socialphobia is not shyness. People with #socialanxiety are constrained by their condition & cannot participate like shy people do.
Emergency personnel continually monitoring the situation. We will keep everyone informed if any schools will be delayed or closed
Just sent a letter to the Oregonian. What have you done to save the Beavers today? How about emailing the mayor: .or.us
Oh, of course. I thought maybe the new fashion trend was gingerbread men costumes and 90s rave gear.
RT : Thanks for the new batch of gin labels! - Thanks, we think they are GLORIOUS!
I wish I could still skate.....
That awkward moment when you see a random guy w out a shirt in middle of street playing ukulele when its cold,on a bike...middle of traffic.
Finally did it.. Well that took a huge load off my chest.
2011: A time to write and to compose, to practice and to perform, to produce and to engineer, to mix and master, to record and play it back.
CFO: Driving force, sustainable, equity. Biss (mathematician): But how did you measure? CFO: Went as far as could & be fair.
It's just one of those "I'd rather not work" days... Except that's almost everyday for me
Im a good girl... but got a swag thats Bad 💢👊
Pandora on the mexican station, reminds me of the summer I'd spend at my brothers playing beer pong.
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 6
Tiger Lily by Jodi Lynn Anderson is a reimaging of Peter Pan. Watch out
yes do it. It's your culture
Singers that compose new songs from their hearts that are used to change our lives
#i312m5 Where do you get your data on how much companies lose due to infringement?
good morning!
State finals!
Sitting back watching Antwone Fisher.... This a good ass movie........
I wonder where Prince William rented that suit
true point!
Forgot it was hump day!
You hungry baby girl? I got you! :-D
Totally agreed. I can't believe they thought that was a good idea. I wish more states had helmet laws.
If it makes you a geek, then we can be geeks together. I love Chicago Public Radio.
I think 's tweets are super lame but I still have a crush on him.
damn! That's some scary stuff. You need to invest in a PP90M1. It's small and it has a high fire rate. Lol
Dude happy ending by mika is like my life right now <-Kelsey xoxo>
Congratulations to for winning #gsec11 grand prize of $12,500 !!
Lonely Tonight :(
It is Record Store Day! Help support your local record store, or buy some tunes from your favorite artists!
Waited in line with some nice fellas at Universal Studios a couple years ago. Never knew it was until today.
I didn't say favorite anywhere in my tweet.........
maaaaaannn that's what I be thinkin in my head!!! And we're older than I'm own.
For sure!! Followed :)
last day to use for looks like a great day for some photos! keep that sun shining.
Compassion for myself is the most powerful healer of them all.
they also get buried under rocks or look up at the stars when it's rec time in the yard...dope boys is stone age
Nice!!! #therapythursdays #rehabultralounge RT : might stop by around midnight bro!
Mitch McConnell looking oddly frightened.
The laws and commandments are not a checklist, they are a reflection of how we live our lives
My class reunion is coming up real soon
I smile & say today from 3 yrs ago was the first time Justin Bieber put his first tweet(:Your Amazing Justin<3You grew up too FAST!I Love U!
Monday! A great week lies ahead! I must find bacon.
Tell these niggas mane I'm still spending 09 cash in its 2012 all I know is making money business mind like I studied at Yale #$$$
Shakes the clown!
IM PROVIN A POINT!x
Hey man! Just saw you're going to #PubCampWest this weekend. Will be good to catch up.
Thanks for all the followers! We appreciate everyone.
Follow me??
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 used backwards design and ADDIE Model for course redesign
oh it is! Def worth trying
ah thanks. Pretty standard stuff. Never quite sure why people like internal relations so much.
Tacos for dinner!
Sitting at my old high school watching every one walk n for prom.Holla
Yes! Justin bought a funnel cake! Ate it all and handed me the plate of sugar! Or what was left of the sugar!
Free the captives
wat r u doing doll?
RT: I'm not going to continue to make you a priority if you simply make me an option.
That awkward moment when you swear you hear WMYB but its not playing.... I swear its wired into my head.
HANDSHAKES? xD RT : Since we're doing work still I guess I'll start carrying my binder -_- But that means one - armed hugs .-.
9:22pm on a Saturday, working on my #mlanet12 poster due on Monday. hmm, wonder when the coffee shop closes...
u r a fail
Mets all day you know it!! Lol
Thanks, Danielle. I love #SB! RT happy birthday! much love from santa barbara! ;)
Im going to down town babeD: RT : come over ill mske you breakfast!:D
“The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.” ― Bob Marley
goodmorning...thanking god for another 24....
The detective in the Trayvon Martin case looks exactly like George Lucas.
My heart goes pitter patter! Happy New Year
She's like an even more disgusting Janeane Garofalo.
omg jealous!
Crazy, but I'm digging it!
yall some wallstreet hustlers for real
One-game playoff, top 7: Carroll 1, SA Reagan 0. Reagan pitcher Austin Hays has retired 11 in a row. Carroll's Dumes has retired 9 in a row
really i will call back in a minute
Just 3 more days!
My 300 tweet s/o goes to waking up at 10 am like a normal college student, not 0450!
and I also hope everything gets better. U'll be ok. I'm in the same situation... I live with my mom in MT, I moved from OR.
Just had to use algebra to solve a second graders homework. Wut the deuce???
Ted Nugent Furious Army Nixed Gig Over Obama Comments, Does He Have A Point? - Cinema Blend
waaaat? Omg if you don't go we'll have one of our crazy Friday night, on a saturday
barring it up skidz?
I wouldn't say 'stage fright', but I do get nervous each time. I think it comes with in the package, nervousness. Lol
Your life will become better by making other lives better. ~ Will Smith
Thanks for reading! ( says thanks too)
Ugh im in such a bad mood.
So close to the waves yet I feel as if I'm so far off shore.
go heat!
for wine, I'll stand next to y'all do you can wear as high heels as you'd like.
In college, I beat my bf and his weight lifter friends in a pork chop eating contest: 22 chops
At benihanas. Lol this chef is crazy
Practical question and assessment: How does feminism influence all your decisions in practice?
damn chevy chase
son aint going for it
just finishin a research project
#Oomf better hurry up!
Like Donkey Kong! See we're a match. Lol!
a 10 A.M. Fade has never hurt anyone. P.s I'd tip you real good.
That was really funny! Loved Crafty and the pizza... :)
Sean penn is a perfect example of real charity work. What he's doing in Haiti is extraordinary.
The nfl might go on strike tomorrow
Sowwy. I don't need 5 billion "bestfriends" running around
RT if you fear the things you can't know or don't understand.
I'll be back later. Random idea: beauty chan on youtube where all the tips are centered around natural beauty. Ok someone run with it!
Well, they didn't really COVER it at all... lol.
You're making us blush. Thank you for the kind words!
I'm glad to hear that you're enjoying the new scene. I've always known tht CA was better suited for your free-spirited self
Everyone in the Palestine and surrounding area's should come hang out with us tonight at Outlaw Country :)
Overhearing loud explanation of black holes = accidental procrastination. Sounds like there are paper napkin diagrams accompanying this.
next week with me babes I think x
it's... not really water? But not juice. And kind of tasted like pineapple? I gave up and switched to actual water.
Sex, race, & religion are being deliberately used to divide us as a nation! We must NOT let the pols & media do so!
Go Ray! Ray Allen is the man!
#3WordsForYou There's a reason.
I'm headin' west like I'm fucking blowing Kanye... Literally. Lubbock bound jammin Gambino.
Stiles got me excited cause of wat he said 2 derek ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Ugh I am so jealous
definitely closer to book one. Did you have a version you liked more? So many people have varying opinions on the subject.
Phoenix Coyotes GM Don Maloney joins us at 2:10pm here on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming live at www.azsportstalk.com
is atlanta close to any deals?
I had completely forgot about the Drake concert on Monday. Damn what a life I live :)
In the post-Detroit Fanfare ruckus, the new Jane will be delayed a bit. But in the meantime, we've added a couple blog posts and wallpapers!
I really dnt care
I think we might have something here!
Missed the pre-sale for on Thurs......Now Missing the 10am Gen sale. ERGH!!!
Heading out to film the Chinese New Year festival! Who all is going?
Going to the post office to apply for a new passport! Hopefully it doesn't take too long..
awhh yay! Im so excited...ill have to make some popcorn when i watch it lol ;)
That must be tattoo related.
Heyo! Thanks for following!
Ugh, men's indoor track 2012, not 2011. I've gotta stop texting tweets.
of course ;)
Future plans: undergrad in finance and minor in economics, go to law school, become a corporate attorney, own my own firm, run for office!
Nice reading list at the end there.
lmfao. Dogs are fucking weird. Hilarious.
Bored boutda go to sleep
Just kidding.... cake and drugs 
y'alls work for during SXSWi was really smart, creative, and totally on-strategy. Very impressive!
Yikes RT Vikes thought made deal @$427m, bills asks $452-$532m. With taxes may be unworkable. will see who blinks. Only 2 days left!
So pumped to check out the fresh meat and produce at the Chicago French market tonight
ha , i bet it did ; felt like one of my punches
is driving through night to get back to the bay for more auditions after seeing her boy place 3rd overall and WIN 1st in his class.
My phone is always on vibrate. I never answer calls. Not anymore. This bitch is gonna be on loud. #ESTFAM knows why. .
congrats, Quinn! What fantastic news! They are very lucky to have you.
RT : I'm attempting to locate Googleplex by following the scent of innovation mixed with stock options.
i'm between SE and DE btw any idea what's goin with TSC ? you heard anything yet?
Kid's night at the MKE Cty Zoo with the fam, now Whale Wars off the DVR.
Fun night coming to an end. Now heading home
Corned beef at for lunch, BBQ at for dinner.
I'm going with Hot Shots for sure. After that...????
No, I never did get lost, but I was bewildered for three days once.
I love when I get retweeted it makes me feel important
So glad you will be able to see the game. I know how "normal things" and enjoyable events are important when things are stressful
my obsession with wicked is out of control
Just put myself on the waitlist for the audio of The Fault in Our Stars. Thanks for the recommendation!
No omg. I cant. 😔RT : if they don't answer don't call again
My birthday is this Thursday. <3
No power as of 4:50pm
That was pretty punk rock, actually.
When you're Being yelled at to clean your room because company is coming over and you're like "so dinner is being served in my room?" smh
on the bus with my girl Mely to the mall
Your TASTE BUDS just called us and placed an ORDER cause they wanted some FLAVOR!!! Come pick up your food!
Who's ready to make it happen today? Hope your day is amazing!
Be careful. D;
RT 2NIGHT IS GOING 2 B CRAZY WE HAVE 50CENT CORONAS&WELLS TILL 12AM AND U!
Retweet if you are excited about the concert with the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra tomorrow night at the Alice Tully Hall!
I am looking for businesses interested in offering a one day coupon. For more information, email me at
mann shit get on fucken nerves
#easterbunny is on his way to !
The internet is magic.
I want sum cheesecake
Total late start to the day, but at least it's #ThirstyThursday! One more day until the weekend!
Who is ready for tonight?
they will come! We're going in order! Have to space all the photos out so each sport doesn't get buried. :)
yall shld do a coverr of Forever by Chris Brown
or maybe she did notice... Haha
wow I actually did that today!
did you move up here yet?
JB I dream every night I can not wait to meet you (for once) I would love to have your autograph your fans KSENIA i love <3
Are you going to DC?
“Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing”
Yeah! Happy Birthday baby Sloan!
Dine in or pick up a slice & fountain drink & garlic bread - each just 99 Cents - Mon-Wed between 10am and 3pm.Try a Fried Ravioli app-$5.99
You like the guns, men, or the men with guns?
I cry every time i see an #ASPCA commercial...I guess that's the idea
Wow. That was a fight: Brown vs Thompson
Now I'm fucking happy they put the #mw3 dlc pack into the regular playlist now I get to play what ever mode I want... #xboxlive 
I don't. I use a water belt. RT : Does folks run with a camelbak? cc
"Do, or do not. There is no 'try'." - Yoda ('The Empire Strikes Back')
k! thanks love! :)
would rather be listening to the Brewers Radio Network than this lecture!
Stop the press!! There's a Panera bread in Manhattan??!! Yes!
Nice. See you then
This is one of the few nights I wish I had a TV to watch #chopped All-Stars on Hope 's DVR comes through.
Insurance continuing education meeting may be the most boring show I've ever done
closed on both accounts. and during finals too! i really don't get this place...
waking up isn't the problem, it's actually getting up, dressed & having something that pays for me to leave out the door!!!!
lol shut up dude man I'm hella tired
u at gate h today or out in the field?
You don't know shit about me
mushy tweeters 😝
Georgie porgy pudding pie, kissed the girls & made them cry. & when the boys came out to play, he kissed them too cuz he was gay!
omg u live in salisbury. i live near there.
Can we stop using "rape" to refer to events that aren't rape? Sorry your story was altered, but that ain't rape. Not even close.
I need a girl
All of this attempted network installation has revealed to me that someone in this building has a wifi connection called "goobypls."
I need to stop falling asleep watching Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. Definitely dreamt about a horrible food adventure.
Duh got called into work early. Well I'll be late because Matty has to get some Dunkin.
All check out this friday for thier movies on the green... pretty soon we will have movies in our movie theatre!
“ When God works on your behalf, He leaves #NOTHING undone.”
i wish i could go to your concert. :'/
... So where are the followers. LIERRRR!!!!
Fuck Normality! What is #normal? Lol
Rockin #aero that's that shit I don't like
Soup of the day: cannellini bean
thanks for making me a fighter ;)
I've learned you can't have your materialist philosophy and tag it too.
Thanks Nancy! I look forward to meeting you as well!
Maccabi Bazan Haifa of the Israeli Basketball Super League are announcing tomorrow the hiring of Bernie Fine! That's not too FINE!
Where to take the next big international trip - Africa, South America or Mid-East??
i know babe ;)
On the way to the Animation Studio in Brooklyn!
which one looks 16
Keith we need to talk! thank you
this is why I still haven't texted yet. Haha.
“: Grammar; Schmammar.” amen!
At a. Brady Street bar. There's a pack of girls un-ironically dancing and singing along to Hall & Oates. Wow.
I'm 18 next yr on October 8th thats a long ways away
I been sleep for a while I'm still sleepy going to turn my phone off
Before you go to Slainte tonight at Milwaukee Irish Fest - stop in for a Guinness with us! Our shuttles begin TOMORROW night!
thanks for peer editing the typo out of my tweet haha
Might as well let the Divas take control. Seeing as how they are God's gift to the world.
Good morning enjoy your hump day
Get them in file trouble, Henson and Zeller in the paint, doit!
Just reviewed a fantastic crime thriller..Hunter by Check it out on Amazon..Kim Norris
Watch this space!!! ---- *some pretty cool discounts are going to be coming your way!
How many times do I have to tell you, I do not care..?
The Green Economy and Its Implementation in China - one of our books on sale: 10% off with code EPPPROMO201109 at www.enrichprofessional.com
Haven't read "Storytelling Animal." If you do, let me know WYT.
When tells a 6 yearold that their "crapping her style" #ohgosh!
So in other news Austin Mahone tweeted my other account and told me God blessed my soul. I was literally rolling on the ground laughing.
“Here is all I ask of a book- give me everything. Everything, and don't leave out a single word.” ― Pat Conroy, My Reading Life
At a sketchy restraunt with
Yes! RT : the movie the raven was really good though .. i saw that on sunday
So glad to have in my.life.
Open House tomorrow from 9am-11am at Lebanon Public Library to celebrate opening of Indy Reads: Boone County. Hope you can come visit!
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
add to the list, please!
Today sucks
oh babes i just love you <3
whenever if it's just a weekend thing.
Yo cuz I need a Full version of I Want You back...
= Back at You! Happy Easter!
Make sure to get out to #Coyotes prospect camp at Peoria Polar Ice THU-SUN. Familiar names Murphy, Gormley, Visentin, Hextall, Larraza
Your authentication screencasts have had a special place I'm my heart. Happy Birthday Railscasts!
Hi ! Happy Holidays! You can try calling them first on weekdays.
are you upstairs??
If you want it pursue it. Ain't nothin to it but to do it.
we might do the same. Can't beat what you get in Texas for your $. We should get a coffee some time.I work in Soma
Enjoy concerts 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Ladyboys and are watching how to win a date with ted hamilton. Good god
#ArtLoop is an award-winning series by that activates the Loop with significant works of contemporary art.
It is...but our efforts are well worth it. I know you would fit in perfectly!
Look for blakes melon martini.... Yumm...
kill it with kindness.
omg i got scared for ah second... Lok
RT If it rained frogs today like it did in ancient Egypt, while everyone else was freaking out, I'd be like "Yes, free frogs!"
Love is like a rubber band. We keep pulling, someone lets go, and it hurts the one who held on to it.
yeah I'm in Atlanta. Been here since Saturday. And thank you!
Working on setlists, gameplans and blueprints all while blasting some for inspiration. The future looks bright!
fuck my haters
I have been out of town...sorry for the late thank-you! I really appreciate the
Big Fan of your work.Congrats on the Article in Vouge. You girls inspired the rocket fuel in my career as a Photographer & Blogger
Hate, hate, hate being sick. :-(
We get to go to FL in Dec ~ Thanks to "Make a Wish" for Jacob!
Its still not okay to wear a red cap, black shirt, and khakis yet. Kid crossing street not aware of this fact
“ That game was quite lovely. I enjoyed every minute ahaha 😂😂😂””
RT : #highlandtownart pop-up gallery corner of conkling and bank so cool
#justfilms congrats RT : Go RT : "Love Free or Die" wins US Doc Special Jury Prize “..agent of change”
last minute cover in the making!
thank you so much!
Um anti now I see
hell yeah!!! what about saturday night??
no I definitely deserve to be laughed at
Shitty ass ending to a normal day, haven't been this pissed in a while
Agree. But I expect Russell or Dake to get it. DT deserves it.
Hey neighbor, I get it, you LOVE Bon Iver, but I was planning on getting a little work done b4 slipping into a coma today.
listening to love songs.
I haven't read any of them!! Sweet!! Thanks a bunch. You rule!! I will check it out later today!
That just too bad, so I'll understand if u ignore me...
Run out of the way. Headed to #LexVegas in a few
SB45 Biz Lesson # 27: A worthy competitor makes victory so much sweeter.
has probably toddled off to bed
lol kind of true. Good seeing you!
look at A-Rod, too cool for school over there
ok cool!! What are u up to? We just hit the Coronado beach :)
hats off to Ivar Zeile & Ryan Pattie for Urban Encounters: SightLine & to the amazing video artists your work looked gorgeous! Want 2C more!
The bookstore always has lots of treats for Fat Tuesday! And luckily, I didn't get a baby! Happy indulging everyone!
You are welcome!
Uhh, David, the 19th century ended 111 years ago, NOT 200 years ago. And yes, history IS relevant. Your scenario is disproved.
Omg who knew a tape gun can be so mean and hurt so bad. 5 stiches from that asshole and tons of pain to go with it!!!
Humor is just another defense against the universe
Cunnilingus..I just learned what that meant why
I want to be the person who my crush thinks I am.
Yes! Our cats were freaking out and we didn't know why until we read the news.
i feel sick.
Let's start rumors: He was actually BANNED a week from twitter because he was slammin' Bo last week!
#thoughtsduringschool when is this over(:
i tried sending pix for the yearbook but they got sent back to me saying there was a delivery failure...help!?
This girl got you falling head over heels, i can't even get you to stumble....-- Oh Well ^_^
I love talking to him :]] especially when he realizes I'm better off
Interview TODAY with news ch. 8 at noon!! Talking about Relay for Life!! GET EXCITED.
Thank you!! Dan was a dear friend. He got to know several of our cadets and inspired many. For that, are forever grateful.
Drakes cheetah Northface >>>>
What a weekend, who's ready to get back in the gym and what do you need?
gotta go Thor, Hawkeye (obvious reason), Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk, and Black Widow.
Before you judge me, make sure you're perfect.
braces , no braces girlfriend no girlfriend , signed , not signed dosnt matter mahomies will love austin no matter what
actually he is The easiest one ..the hardest is Austin..but do you want me to DM rob to follow you?
can I renew my books onlines?? I'm not done reading them yet!
": It takes a lot for a #virgo to let someone in... so it takes a lot for a virgo to let them out." Uh...little bit, Yeah.
Join for a post playoff rally party tonight at 6:30pm. Enjoy $2 pizzas, $2 Miller Lites, $8 small plates and live music.
Great to hear you're back w/Brewers! Good luck @ ST!
Venus ingress to Gemini approx 10:30 am CST today. At fulcrum of square with Neptune in Pisces, Moon+Mars Rx in Virgo.
RT Life is deceptively easy to squander. We waste minutes and find that days have slipped by.
Interestingly, when these same exams took place in familiar locations, their #memory performance rivaled that of young adults
So I'm definitely going bowling tonight!!!
i cant live my life without you ... i must make you understand - I wanna be your man :)
Chatting now: and ... technology, policy, and new solutions to global problems.
Whoop whoop!What about mikey? :P
Ministers calling for firing not understanding? Outrage not outreach? Thoughts on this to please
The #Wolman renovation is well underway. Who out there is excited?
Watchout folks...Ive gotta backbone and I'm not afraid to use it
love doesn't make the world go round love is what makes the ride worthwhile
The weirdest people follow me
yeah that's kind of one of the reasons why I don't think it's that big of a deal
such a good one :)
Listen! Encourage. Say something. Do something. Be yourself. Love
That is my task. I've been discussing it with neuroscientist David Eagleman.
Quality over quantity but when you have both the world is yours
don't judge me omg
howdy, good (you?), though travel-heavy this month. Ubuntu #uds was exciting, Orchestra, Ensemble - many great new tools afoot..
It's not the things we don't know that gets us. its the things we know that aint so,
just don't lie for no good reasons. Lie on your taxes or to the police. But not about children.
Thanks to everyone who came out yesterday! Dancing in the streets was a blast, we appreciate all the support!
Happy birthday S/O to the big homeys ... I ain't fucking with y'all... I be dead haha love y'all niggas man!
I am still facing the fact that I transferred to New York from Tennessee, because of what, again...................
song about dinosaurs.
Lmao yea Im about to right now shorty rock
no worries bruh
check these cats out. True 216 represent
Ignore Hulk? He's one of the best aspects of the film. That and Whedon's writing.
So much traffic👿👿
It was great to finally meet face to face after more than a year of Tweets.
That text message just made my whole day! 😳😏
Happy Birthday!!! Love Ya Elvia, yours truly T.
Fact: The 1961 movie, "The Young Savages," starring East Harlemite, Burt Lancaster, was filmed in East Harlem.
i think just followed you!! :D
Maybe I should just drink on it
I wonder if I could still smell my own farts in the vacuum of space.
Okay, that passed.
Hey brother...Just tweeting in on ya...Hope it's going good...Tony Oakes...Flattened Squirrels...
omg :o your to amazing <3 love u dear!!!
Thanks for the shout out! :)
Unfortunately, Chicago lacks any food from Guinea, but my driver recommended Yassa African Restaurant on the South Side for Senegalese food.
Rock and roll mcdonalds
#verizon data down?
Hardwork is the difference between success and status quo
Can you send me the link?
thank you I will try and train hard
thanks for following me man. Keep up the good work merry xmas
LOL! On the bright side, at least there is only 10 more days to go :)
Quite an inspiring chat tonight. We will visit this topic again and crowdsource ideas. Staytuned!
perhaps something like an URL shortener, where prepositions only count as one letter.
Happy because GMYH promo week.
Its the unspoken words that hurt the worse.
HOST YOUR OWN PARTY OF 10 OR MORE AND GET IN FREE!!! YOUR GUEST WILL BE TREATED TO THE BEST IN DOWNTOWN PHOENIX,
Only 4 more days until Christmas! Do you have all of your shopping done?
"something is technically wrong" can be said of magic and computer technology
At the 2-day conference on the Innocence Project. Great and inspiring lessons from the attorneys and exonorees.
If your company has substantial e-mail accounts 50K+, consider updating e-mail marketing suppliers to those with individual IP addresses.
..but asking for permission
I want ta follow me im a great and bigger dan biggest fan
More Than This video tomorrow. YES.
is liar the whole time at the gym he'll stare at himself in the mirror making real guttural noises.
glad to hear! I heard about what happened last weekend, and you need to ignore them! Fuck the haters. :3
I shall! I may also give Boehner a little feedback on his budget ideas while I'm at it. That might not go over as well though.
yeah totally!
Still working up to 2,000 'likes' we would appreciate some help guys! We know you want some free music!
If your reading this, your blessed despite whatever your situation may be. Good morning loves : )
Would anyone be willing to share with me your relocation program along with the amounts you were offered, internally and externally?
Give it a shot. I know a good TA if ya need “:I wonder if banda music showed up on jam cruise would people actually like it. ????”
Woke up winning
This is your last chance to take advantage of our Women's Nike Tempo Short SALE. Only $18 in an assortment of colors! See you before 5pm!
It is the south.
excellent! looking forward to it!
love the site.
The only thing i will take a good care is my skin & hair . ;-) That"s all
Need a short-term loan? Need it fast? Call me at Remington Capital! That's your best bet.
Wow always get the werid one lol
Pictures of you, pictures of me remind us all of what we could have been...- The Last Goodnight
I don't 2 years is overly punitive. If anything the settlement codifies agency pricing when decided unilaterally.
Mother's Day is May 13! Let her know how Sweet she is with some truffles! #carmel, #mother's Day
NCAA is a business with the student athletes having no power. Being honest and fair has never been a goal, making money is.
As I said-Nows the Time by LH&R and Yardbird Suite-Bob Dorough.
These scenes are so good/intense I sometimes forget to breathe...wow.
me too! Every single day.
Thank you everyone for help giving "EVEN IF" 100% LOVE IT! on Total Eclipse Magazine...... Big HUG. And get ready for " I WILL"
Off and on here ...another 'oilchange' coming up this afternoon.....
aww :-/ Sorry that you have to deal w/ that...
lmao no.. I remember some of my lines but not all.. Im pretty sure we got this tho!
First ice cream truck of the season just went by
HAPPY ST PADDY'S DAY! We got DJ Jeff playing Irish favorites and NAKED ladies all night! Get your car bombs on at the Gold Club
Every night I come home all the doors and windows are open and my moms passed out.
I should be doin my science hw but I'm too busy trying to trend
Have you ever heard of #Trivia43 at UWSP? It's this weekend. 54 straight hours of obscure questions. You'd love it.
New Horowitz Data Benchmarks TV-Related Web/Social Media Behavior; One In 5 Consumers Start Watching A Show After ...
@ the gym with my Jules.. Then off to the doctors office...
Aweh dick Clark :(
Sun is trying to break through the clouds in Toledo.
have a safe trip !! I wish I was coming :/
Keep playing that funk music! We're gonna turn it up at the stop light! #travel Can you get to that?
Thanks! Looking forward to hearing more from you, too!
how was Hayes Carll? I had a birthday party (mine) to go to. I wanted to be like KMAG YOYO but that would have been rude.
ABC News: Obama says 'same-sex marriage should be legal'
We First want to thank everyone who participated in the contest!
Totally gonna start spamming you with messages from now on, Sue.
Housemate just warned me that "a few of" his siblings are here for lunch. He has 8 total, so now I'm wondering how crowded my kitchen is.
glad you liked it, I played the secretary !
I wanna grow a cute beard :) haha
It sucks that the system makes it so difficult make change when it is oh so obviously needed.
Take a pic of the view.
guess what?
Did you know we have tanning?!
You know I like to read :).
awh thanks bff(: ill call you later tonight!
Skyrim is much too addicting
All my #SISTERS yea
.... a ton to do????? NO only two things to do and that is to win twice... GO BADGERS!!!
will do! Lol
thanks lovely
i meant to say i lov yall
D=Exp(i*Pi)=Time*Velocity
Is it #arcadenextlive yet!!! I can't wait for
Word in the #undocusphere is that and I are getting it on. like brown chika brown cow getting it on #cockblocking #vagina ...
Exclusive: Father defends the way he handled toddler son's snakebite. Only on NBC 7 at 11.
I want that car SO bad! <3Allen
Love me some Tom Brady, but is now a close second
so pretty(:
i guess you can only play on adrenaline for so long.
i hate tourists, and i hate walmart...
What's in the UK water that makes their actors so witty?
dollar general off johnson drive open til 10. Got my spam and eggs for my morning omellette. See you at fbbc.
Damn.. I'm around all these people and I'm still bored! "Anybody got a hotdog .. Mustard and Ketcup please"
First name (it's a doozy): Shawnlicica
doing good! How's the family?
No, no. no. It's not good if people know that I have a sense of humor! ;)
pearl Izumi and bontrager make several starting from $50. The more you spend the more support you get from the pad.
All CSPAN right?
I Delete , Block & Erase People I Do Not Need In My Life .
Stayin at my fams house, playin some Call of Duty MW3, leave me the f%ck alone!
2 and a half songs rough-mixed for the new Ryan Reid live album and only like three thousand to go lol. These guys are TOO good!
When that one person won't text you <<
leave and the fuck alone. <3
Don't forget about Valentine's Day. Heart shaped cookie cakes, roses, and notes. It's like super fancy grade school.
Anyone know 1 of the first "online Providers" , along with AOL, was Delphi-- #Boston based?
“: With his last assist Tony Parker passed Avery Johnson to become the Spurs' all-time leader in assists with 4,475. #GoSpursGo”
what do you think about electric bikes? 3 auditions on a Saturday...
bipolar weather but its nice outside !
Gonna be back at work tomorrow who's visiting?? Ha
AJ3 back in the day were so money! Loved the knicks, hated the bulls, screw PJ! Love them Jordans
Thanks for sharing the content and your insights. Hope to meet up via a content marketing session and/or Gathering of the Vibes.
Winston Shepard has 11 schools chasing him with a offer on the table from UCLA.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good luck getting your parking spots back, everybody. The snow brings out the cones and the crazies!
Im so lazy today
This is a boring saturday for me
Is officially a Lumberjack for the summer! Woohoo! Summer school 2011 here I come :)
Are you still feeling under the weather? You have got to be climbing the walls by now!
And the award for best brother goes to for forgetting his own sisters birthday
what is he's problem??!
“: Spanish is cooler to begin with. ha,ha,ha. :)” also looks better too, at least the galavision broadcast is in HD
“Mothers of Teenagers Know Why Animals Eat Their Young”
KCAS!!!! One minute!
trying to get to SFO also. Damn delays!
big shout out 2 Killing a nigga beats
"Out of the same mouth proceeds blessing and cursing. My brethren, these things ought not so to be."—James 3:10
No they're not! ;) We kid!! RT : We like this! RT : Positive attitudes are contagious.
Beginning the Housing Healing Process with HARP 2.0
omg its like swan hand coming to get you.
Ever steal your parents car?
#NF shout out to Alabama!
I love how my boyfriend talks... Idunno its hard to explain #SoCute #iJustWannaPinchHisCheeks #MyBaby !! :)
.im depressed for no reason at all.... (O,O) it's scary.. & irritates tF out of me...
planting, trimming, weeding the lovely planties today.
Blacklight schtick from Jay Leno, who thought that was a way to treat a guest
Good morning New Yorkers! What's the week got in store for you?
. Ha- Good point.
wait wait... You vote on THURSDAYS? Bizarre! ;)
meet you in the lobby and we'll judge people as they walk by?
- Research in Estonia & Kenya show sexuality education only cost 5$ pr person. at side event on
[Matt6:34] Let's consciously make each today so wonderful that no thought of any yesterday or tomorrow can succeed in entering our mind. Joy
“It is choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities” -Rowling ...what will you choose today? <3 #livetheattitude#
Word up!
I wish I could've seen the hawk build its nest. That could NOT have been easy. Also each nite there should b a "best of" recap.
The #Pacers fans in those off Yellow/Gold color shirts is really starting to bother me... :-(
Just found the old minutes from being the secretary in 2000-01... Great memories, funny stuff.
Homie got bet against one his niggas they put up the money I'm showing up to kill niggas
I will be catering an in-home mother's day party tomorrow. Then get the afternoon off to relax. Happy Mother's Day!!!
One of the neighborhood cats has started using our bird feeder to hunt. A lot of small feathers in the front yard this AM.
Saw a sneek peak at the new outpatient clinic space today. We move in this weekend! By gollie we might be done with this building by april!
Remember the MJ one-on-one fiasco?
Happy Mother's Day to All Wonderful Moms. :)
Tiny Tots - Busy Bees and Butterflies - BBC News
Some minor but long overdue edits just made to the twitter profile message
you have alot of nieces'. O:
a little late but HEY (:
Bacon, Toast, & TropicanaOrangeJuice:).
RT : Today is National #Cheese Fondue Day! A delish and gooey way to get a dose of #Calcium :)
My hard drive crashed today, which sucks mightily. Wish I'd been more diligent about Time Machine backups...
you will have to do it at a computer.
The only time I ever got a plethora of retweets was when I tweeted about
lol I lay in my bed all day :p
#YoureCuteAndAllBut you're a bad kisser
@ mad dog w/ friends
Buffett buys $85 million of Lee debt
so heres my number [; and call me maybe [; <3
#lunchtime Alfredo and breadsticks... Then gonna Make some snickerdoodles and clean :)
My family is coming in town. Staying at my house. NO WAY! Hooked them up with suites at Quality Inn DIA for $50 nite Crystal at 303-371-5300
Emma Stone as Gwen Stacy>>>>> I can't wait to see that movie
I like what you are doing keep it up.
Briggs J of the EWHC delivers judgment in Global Coal v. LCB case involving interpretation of a standard form PLA: [2010] EWHC 1347 (Ch).
Artful Expression: "To see far is one thing, going there is another." - Constantin Brancusi
Don't miss your chance to meet w/representatives from: & many more @ The Mesa Annual Transfer Day!
name in all of this. Im a huge fan of da U and urs and like I said, want ur side of story for mine. follow me so we can DM
So, does DeMaio support 's bike plan now?
The Bengals have TWO first round picks. The future is bright!!!
We been in Atlanta 6mos but haven't gotten to see wat it has to offer yet... Anybody have any recomendations for dinning shopping leisure?
Wise words my friend
Trying to put some makeup on so I don't look so dead today in classes. But that's how I feel.. Dead.
you have just described the Nintendo Wii perfectly
thanks for signing up for my Skillshare class :)
no the band name is called school of worship
no ma'am, no ham, no turkey! We are not!
hell yeah bro that's the same shit I do lol!
Everything is wonderful.
i know it was an accident
So blessed by my family!
im glad my eyebrows are naturally arched .. :)
Happy #ArmedForces Day! We are so thankful for the service of our soldiers and veterans!
“: Coffee at w/ ”thanks for coming in.
have you eaten at Mastros ? The Prime Rib is Awesome .
Elease weave still on point
no :-( I have been to Canada twice bon aire Florida Kentucky west va Virginia Indiana new York Pennsylvania
“Real friends don’t care if your socks don’t match.”
Viking fans shouting Build It outside House Chambers! The rotunda is packed gov just got here
Not sure that's a problem. Even as a FT employee there was nothing much for me there.
COFFEE KICKING IN
I love you way way way more baby :**
If happy ever after did exist, I would still be holding you like this
Another thing I don't like about Facebook, once a earthquake happens everybody is on it's nuts! Haa
yeah that and his virginity
“: Incorrect use of pitch correction can kill your song. Pay attention...” Esp if you send it to mix with Autotune printed.
I wonder how this trip is goin to turn out
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 89
laying in bed eating soup
Fuck Golden Records.
I'm almost tempted to create 36 other twitter accounts to follow :x
yay!!! I need to see your beautiful face tomorrow when I get back!
baby fetus?
belated thanks for the wonderful party... and of course ping pong!
I'd be okay with that
Planned water outage for today canceled & is rescheduled for Wednesday. Additional info regarding the time will be announced later today.
i love this song !!
totally! At least that is what I will telling myself in the middle of my 15k race tomorrow morning. :)
When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve..
Happy 13th birthday
Pick up your phone.The parties finished and I want you to know. I'm all alone...
Same to you Heather.
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
.'s "RTs might be endorsements" is among the best #TwitterProfile lines I've seen. He's from Pittsburgh, in case you didn't know.
So joan might pull it out but I doubt she raised as much $
#spiritairline people strewn and sleeping like homeless on skid row. Children crying. I love traveling but I hate traveling.
People don't buy for logical reasons. They buy for emotional reasons-- Zig Ziglar
Thanks for the tweet. Got your message will return your call.
yea just sent u a link to it
what's good stilt? 7EST on ESPN. Well cya later brotha.
My dad just hired himself as my strength coach a week before I leave
that's crazy, you should be able to just order the size tha you need based on your spindle length
heard ur in nyc? I get back 2moro HOLLER
It's $2 Tuesday. Dos Equis just $2 today.
We beat El Dorado 41-0. That means we're in the playoffs! YEAH BABY!!! :)
Love you.... Sweet dreams darling.
OAK LAWN FRESHMAN SOFTBALL CONFERENCE CHAMPS!!!!! WAY TO GO GIRLS!!!
Big day at the conference... Super excited
Has anyone found this one? How many stops are left?
Chapter 2012 Page 89 of 366 It's been said if your dream doesn't scare you, then it's not big enough.
Thanks for following, great to meet you! Your nerdiness is awesome
Seeing the California delegation on the floor today made me so proud. & are my heroes.
Haha, wowzers! It's odd having people recognize me. But thank you! I was trying my best! Alex sings a little too high for me
NA is mostly ab new distinction. Sterling makes more out of it at least.
thx! that was my son's 1st bday cake.totally can't take credit for the design. It was inspired by a cake from Charm City Cakes
#youshouldntever cook bacon naked
'Til we have seen one's darkness, we don't know who that person is..til we have forgiven one's darkness, we don't really know what love is'
Clyde Frazier just said, "So at this point the #Knicks are either gonna win, or lose." Wow. Insight.
and VA represent!! NoVA girl here, but I won't be anywhere near there this week. Pour out some liquor for me...
and then I found myself listening to tpiaga for the third time...it put me in such a trance.
tyaannaaaaaa -baby mama voice- loll
Haha, he's in a big black suburban
Needed: Raps Songs ala Jay-Z/Kanye West for an upcoming '2012 Film Project'. email:
VEEP is funny! And pretty damn accurate. Sadly.
It's time you start shopping smart and buy used items. They work just the same as the new ones, but it's affordable and VERY GREEN!
thankks babe! love you!
#shoutout to my newest follower, a TRUE man of GOD !!!
no Im texting her, she told me to ask you lot if you liked Rhiannon going berserk, did u hear someone going of there head??
i only listen to the jazz station after midnight
Robin Gomez has been appointed administrator for Alvarado Hospital ().
Thanks kel! Almost done with the day, #feelingpositive RT: good luck!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo! One year ago today, I met Who could have predicted how that would turn out?
team leader...oh yeah...I'll take that!
We are excited to read Shine Shine Shine. Heard great things at WI7!
PC or Mac? Sorry, random question
- thanks for the b-day card. Shane and I MUST get to Nashville in 2012, no exceptions. BIG HUGS!
take it to apple store and bring the kid as proof.
Getting ready to head up to the Purdue area... be back later for work... woohoo!
9 It is easier to carry an empty cup than one that is filled to the brim. The sharper the knife the easier it is to dull. The more weal…
Hope everyone had a good day!
beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Being good isn't always easy-- that's why I don't try. :)
Mondays Are Gay -_-
We got big things coming direct to you at Black South Florida. Stay Tuned...... We Building
I love you! Follow me please!!
“: "Coupons always smell like Sundays" ” from the Epic, American Copia!
It's okay,But were friends right?
not just a prob at western parks!
dude, just stfu
I love you so hard right now.
Grow up u idiot & start supporting your family instead of waiting on handouts from others.Every1 knows u think of that child as a paycheck.
I luv u Von. Remember this.
#churchplanters God will build His church you won't need to!
To close business one must first build comfort and trust with your client. This will not happen until you spend enough time face to face.
Ricky comes in.. Me in the chat: omfg hi Ricky he says " oh my fucking gosh hi Ricky... Hi wellingtonswag!!" he's such a cusser lmfao <3
WOW! we really DO have a lot in common! :) we'll have to talk SON! I have a lot coming up...
Mom and her bf fighting again great just how I wanted to spend my weekend pulling people apart from trying to kill eachother.
I truly am The King of Things! What, don't get the reference? Go read some religion.
why you always try'na do shit? can't you sit and chill?
This episode of #CriminalMinds is crazy....
S/o to the white girl that made me smores
Getting more nervous that the next time I check Twitter I will be overwhelmed with #Braun news
listening in this evening all the way in Wisconsin! Woohoo!
You're the second youth librarian I've met on twitter from Arapaho District in two days!!
At java city right now. RT : - hey guys! Glad to see you have a team here. Would love to see ya
I got bored so I started stalking your twitter and I saw this. Only you. I died. Lmfao.
lol I do
I love my family way more than they think
the worst part is..it's All Asia, have you been there? That's the REAL insult! :)
this Sunday!
RT Love quickly turns into hate.
you can't listen to music?
Hey , it's a beautiful day for Percy! See you out there? :)
RT if you have ever tried to see if you could fit in the dryer.
Just got a new car! :D thanks nana! :D
Pretty much had to shut that pussy nigga down
Hm...cannot say what I want to say.
Great #opengovvideos interview w/ Mickey Osterreicher on photographer's rights & more at
I not only bow to the inevitable, I am fortified by it. -Thornton Wilder
I now have remote control a/c in my room. Sleep on.
I miss you guys too!!! Check my new twitter I check it much more often. Hope all you guys are doing well!
#DelonteWest is rooting for the heat to win tonite to guarantee him 4 more games of banging #lebrick 's mom some more !!!
awe....Happy Birthday!
sorry to see that your account was hacked. I got the same message.
It's so loud inside my head with words I should have said.
I don't mind getting lost in paradise:-)
I can't get warm, hopefully my job will warm me up...or just the sun.
same here fam.
I emailed you. Wld like to chat w/ you for a piece I'm writing for Poynter.
I always wanted a lil sister but thank god I have friends tht r like my sisters <3
Don't forget we have lunch until 2:00pm! Call 619.255.2856 in advance for pick-up orders!
reads like an unsubstantiated NYT "trend piece." Care if satisfy responsibilities (graduate and come to play) NOT rec behavior
does Hulu know about your secret identity as secret superhero to sea turtles
When I was 24 I was really sad that I was too old to sign up for I'm glad I can live vicariously thru on his journey.
": So excited.!" Am glad you are!!! We have some exciting shows lined up! Stay tined :)
oh,I wish I am too!:)last week everyone here is in Paris, Cancun,Vegas&Hawaii,tell me about it
