Its money in the sky HY
baby can't wait to see you in action *roar* ;D
Rushers Love Their 4 Kings :')
Watching #OnceUponATime . You guys keep my wife and I glued week after week.
FYI, even if your roommate works for the IRS, you apparently can't just hand him your W2 to do your taxes.
Great read... "Our Dirty Love Affair With Trash" by Edward Humes
The gestures are really weird on it, you should customize before you do anything
I'd fuck'em all cause that's how I feel
Hey I am checking out this tweeting thing...I'll let you know how i like it.
Puttin my subs in next weekend!
What music are you into this weekend, DC?
MIC also connects to imperialism, racism, sexism. Specific to NATO, it is used as an excuse. Multi-national == no one to blame
#ShanahTovah I'll be joining in the celebration with my shofar tonight! "Blow the trumpets," says the Lord. (Lev. 23)
What's up ! I guess you do tweet! The archives are rockin' as usual:)
I tried again. :O
#SOTU gets 38M viewers n trails SF/NYG #NFL game by 20M in election year. Does this set up #POTUS for a Cundiff(kick) or Williams(fumble)?!
took a break from paper writing for a few hours to watch history in the making. ++Change;
James Dean mother fucker.
Hi ALL! Patty from , Pittsburgh-based architecture, planning, interior design for healthcare, higher ed, and corp clients.
Before I die, I will see an Alabama concert. I don't care if I'm 50, I will go.
Sorry but this madonna hercules remix is and will always be the hardest shit ever.
you love your gaammma :)
its hot as shit man
You did such a great job! Now enjoy the day! RT : feeling good and stretched after my reformer class at
#Sandusky I am absolutely shocked that Sadusky's attorney would allow him to give this interview. Tell your pillow, not the world.
not sure now, depends on if they'll let me go by the dist ctr to pick it up tomorrow
Beast Mode!!
Buzz WIlliams has just sweated through his 9th shirt of the tournament.
Isn't EVERY cruise kind of a disaster?
Don't miss out on Re3hab tomorrow Gonna be poppin! Hit me up for VIP services!
If u say I look like I'm like 23 then fuck it I'm 23
Robert u r the best guy I know and u r so smexy plz follow than u
Yeah, will the piece lose relevancy by 2014? Based on the topic, seems like it would...
Happy bday to me est Standard time
Haha what time would your show be on here in Arizona Cause it's very confusing
oh man.. if only he could afford to relocate the entire population is St. louis.... Oh, wait...
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you play football !
its funny having a remote now for my laptop LOL
thnx dude RT : : “: grind coffee at #UWM tastes like sewage water” No way bro the grind coffee is good!
if you think your nigg ' / Girl cheating Juss ask if you real you would be honst but you did the right thing asking if they lie thts one thm
4 Months Strong! #NewYorkCity "If You Can Make It Here, You Can Make It Anywhere"
and what level is that?
glad youlike them
The TSA guy just called me 'cutie'. I'm so glad they get to scan my body now.
Twitter handle secured.
RT : This weekend's concerts include a pre-concert talk about the music & composers one hour prior to curtain.
Gorging on cherries...lalala, Happy Sunday ;)
Dick hard
Finale of shameless...
Bitch I ride for my team up down win lose 💚🍀💚🍀
christina took all the time eliminating jesse..blake only got one minute :(
I HATE HICCUPS
I can't wait for the Silent Auction at #flacon2011 I hope they are as good this year as they were last year.
It is 60 degrees in NJ. Whaaaa????
Thanks for the follow! I like your inspirational quotes.
The idea that time = money cheapens our life outside of work :(
NaLee2010.com a vividly rich mermaid fantasy the beginning of a trilogy
TGIF to all of our A/V peeps!
And can they PLEASE score a goal!!
yeah more ice XD
Thanks for info--You should get a grant for your radio show..just sayin
enjoy the show!
Ready for summer.
what time ur going to sleep !?
Thats not too bad ;)
Never watching horror movies at night alone again! Kept me up all morning just thinking about it. Now my eyes puffy from no sleep.
Follow back? :]
I keep sneezing.. ¬_____¬
I was actually coding on my first Atari computer when I was about 8 years old. The Atari 800XL. #yikes That thing was fun.
a showgirl
LETS TO THUNDER
“: Stoked fashion week is almost over. #avoidkanye” Bush hates black dresses.
thanks! Great to see you! We'll have to meet up again soon!
Ha ha yes! Though I assume you heard that whole retraction on This American Life.
RT Amazes me how people underestimate the travel time by car to a local store and wildly overestimate the ride time by bike.
-just seen a clser pic.>>> the dress on her.
i beat some kid up and broke my hand!
Hahahahahahahahahahahah! Nope, i wanna fuck Justin Bieber that's it
It's Adele impression time when the mic is off!
He is the fellatio chairman after all. I guess you could say he knows dick
Jay Bruce is on fire!!
I question your football knowledge if you lay one ounce of blame on Matty.
' Global Month of Service is for engagement and giving back that represents the brand.
Keeping it real "..there is plenty of ass-kissing agencies out there, if that's what you want don't hire us" A Shapiro, CEO of
let em know
So you fancy huh?
I know its hard but stick to it. It took my daughter & I 8 wks to really find our bf groove. But so worth it.
:) RT : I want Marv Albert to announce my wedding reception.
did u know I can't RT ur tweers b/c ur tweets are protected.
if there are any. :)
They say, that each & every man is responsible for his own destiny. My thoughts are willing to go that way. But what about the rest of me?!
I'm really feelin this person...Too bad i know its never gonna happen. only time will tell.
while i was gone the power went out and it screwed up this computer. what is this a Banana Republic??
loving life
If I wasn't so busy working, maybe I could actually get some work done.
: Happy New Year to some of favorite Packer-Backers woot let's go can't wait for the play-offs!
Ohio University vs UNC is some high drama... Take me home country roads
My phone not working <<<<< #NextelSucks!
#honestly Austin Rivers - The of the NBA - he is a Teen Wolf !
We are hard at work this week prepping for a new Science of Sports collection with the coming this summer.
haha not to me they don't haha i guess maybe to you i would haa :)
Somebody please wake me up from this nightmear!!!! Return my mom to me, so she can set things straight.
Yes we are playing during
...other day I cried a little :'D.
Hey.. How is the feeling holding a newborn baby ?
my best friend (& director) is driving into town today for our next week of shooting. so stoked! nothing better than work w/ good friends.
as worker I can tell you the benches are at the carpenter shop being refurbished. Hope to...
At least I can spell.
oh god yeah! #tellmeaboutthat !!
New job. First day jitters are over. Tomorrow, I'll be jittery because I learned how to use a Keurig machine, and it's right by my desk.
Thanks, Erica. Enjoyed the meeting with you and Mike. Hope you guys enjoyed the breakfast and look forward to talking more.
Sometimes it is very hard to choose which of the ten amazing coffee shops in my neighborhood to go to. Oh the difficult life I lead.
Painting is so much fun! I have to do it more often :)
album prod. by would be dope as fuck
Go Steelers!!!
I've been on for almost 5 and I only have a fraction of that!
I saw the one direction video what make u beautiful Harry and zayn r so sexyy ,
WILL THE KIDS IN THE BACK DENY IT?
lol that's even better!
Going to The Happiest Place On Earth w/my older bro & the nieces on Sunday.
extra plus: it's yellow
I kind of like that e red carpet mix lol
Free tapas and wine on opening night, plus drink and food specials up to 50% every Wednesday night.
Woke up at 3 and I could go back to sleep right now
OBAMA is the first GAY, DOG-CONNOISSEUR, KENYAN President of the UNITED STATES
Going to the movies with my mom mother and son time ;)
In Chicago. Someone purchased room service for me. Whomever you are, thanks. And to all of you, thank you! 40 ain't bad!
if you love me pls follow my close and personal friend at and add her on fb at facebook.com/bookofshadows84
Yeah haha. My dad wanted to see it because he hasn't, so I went with him.
Expect everything and the unexpected never happens...
great movie
2 great things about app update: 1) Take photo of check to deposit it 2) Legal explanation, etc. in plain English! Thank you!
well...why not use a little bit from everything?
of course. Always! What are you looking to eat??
its cool so how the weather
I know i just met you, and this is crazy, but heres my number, call me maybe...<3
dude, anytime this week you want sushi, just let me know.
Stupid people..
Went vegan for dinner. Stomach is extremely confused and not that happy.
deep breathes, you can do it!
Cool. Are you in Belltown, or close. We tend to throw together "gangs" of folks and attack local Happy Hours and eat great food.
Thank you for ruining a perfectly working highlighter only 3 quarters of the way through your book. My pink has run dry! Geez!
...... does this mean your gonna be rough?
how's the jailhouse tat?
THEY MIGHT BEAT THE HEAT .I KNOW DREAM ON
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from #EmperorNortons. Hope you all enjoy a day off with family (even if you don't celebrate xmas).
When does Farmers Market open @ Cathedral Square?
Waking up in your bed saying sorry in advance, Cause I'll be right back here again in the morning.
So apparently in Vegas & nearby on may 20 there is gonna be some wild deal where the moon crosses the sun & it's gonna be dark at like 5pm
Aw!! did my mom pay you $5 to say that???
will you wish me luck for this week? I have three MAJOR tests, and I'm really nervous. Please? :) xx
that shower was the bomb 
Hi Matt. Great to meet you.
He got that super bass <3
Regarding the Tissue Sessions. I've experienced it. Serious
you have to convert, though
Ok who ratted my chicken boy out?
If you don't have sex with him/her, then the dinner never happened
yeah i got a weak stomach, thats why i dont drink much
Moved all my shit out. Now I'm hungry with no food.
Wow. signs with Redskins. Colts are going to have the worst season :(
heh. It's also for my bookclub this month. FYA?
Each day gives you an opportunity to change something in your life. I use that opportunity to change my underwear.
I am doing good.
Thank you for the great interview! You are so sweet & the best anchor! Can't wait for your piece on college planning.
a) Conserved the bullpen. b) only two earned runs for said awesome bullpen. Berken isn't a Major Leaguer. I'm fine with tonight.
Solicitor from NU's theatre program interpreted me while I was helping her to tell me how much she liked her own posters. In trash methinks
Michelle Obama looks flawless tbh.
Ha word up cuz! See ye in July, its gonna be a great time!
Shout outs to some homies, Connie & Jeffrey! Bay Areaaaah!!! :D
All these crews resemble one of the crews from ABDC6
That awkward moment when u walk by someone u think u know, say what's up & then later realize its not them but instead somebody else.....
LoL... I always use basketball as my baseball fall back. Soccer when I feel like mixing it up a bit. *dusts off bball jersey*
Church was Awesome < understatement...whheeeeww.. .. Jesus.filled the church #Deliverance was grabbed!
Good morning world!!
On this day in 1942, 3,000 Jews were murdered at Diatlovo, Belorussia. 600 escaped, more than 100 of whom formed a partisan unit
wow, sweet gifts! Is that #tanqueray? Yuummmmm
Daughter was hot (step 1 to music biz success) BUT I KNOW BETTER. Never get tangled up with stage parents. Straight misery and torment.
It's too hot outside , time for a dip in the pool ! 🏊☀
oh okay just wondering if you got that.
Liking someone so much... Knowing that they don't actually mean it when they say they like you back... </3
Elevator Cusack. Better than elevator muzak?
We are looking for Brand Ambassadors for SAKIRI Vodka. Send picture and resume to:
#folkyeah! rocked the big folk's festival in Dallas
Rondo sucks this is embarrassing the Celtics should never lose to the 76er's
Over plaayed songs on the radio << -.-
i know right? ick!
Hi David. I'm running out to buy Steve's Cohen's book, "Win the Crowd" today!
Also if you want to right for Bench Player Sports we are always open to new writers.
let's get together and eat some nutella. Sounds like a good idea since we are both HYPER!
That sounds good
haha great minds think alike
Meeting later. Teaming up with KissFM to give away first and second row seats for this summers Kanye West concert!
I won't stop following cause he's our bad ass tackle but it's annoying that he's a laker fan! Lol
Have you gotten the official #FacebookTimeline invite yet? Officially rolling out now!
doing great!
your a cutie!(:
My sincerest apologies to my followers for the spam tweets. My account got hacked today unfortunately...
just thought ii'd say hey to you :)
Chi! Do you know what it feels like to win a pair to Fantabuloso? Well FIND OUT! I got your hook up on at 8....
thanks for tweeting Re: Kaplan talk- good topic to explore learner performance
If Rams trade up to get Richardson, could Browns be in play for Jackson since they missed out on Rich?
The duck face is not a good look for ANYONE!!
Wish I could talk to him !!
sorry I had tweetlimit on the DM I'm sorry gosh D:
why does have 22K followers? PLEASE, ADVERTISE TO ME WILL YOU? OH PLEASE????
I was playing Saints Row and a cop tried to kill me so I was like *in voice* "nope not even, I'm a saint I do whatever I want.
what's the #trainreport? On time? Early?
Always treat each other with love and respect.
Big game tonight... Let's go Philadelphia Flyers!!!
Looked at porn today for work purposes... I shit you not
That's what I thought too. It's only bc a certain you know who follows us.
Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field
Bob Dylan and Toni Morrison to Receive Presidential Medal of ...
Leave it to to find a Diggy Simmons reference in a tweet lmao.
Thanks so much for the shout-out! Can't wait to read Possess!
The imposters sitting in seats don't have the home-run reflexes I'm accustomed to, watching on
Tonight studio 8 San jose CA its going down me an my boy doing big things in a big city all are invited you want to be there
Shooting video for #IWIF scholarship w/
Rain Rain Go Away,, Come Back Another SUMMER!
"I bet this drink costs 1500 dollars."
polo polo polo..
Touching story 2 share & true, its the memories and a connection to 'home' when you are away that makes #PackerNation special
congrats! It looks like you reached your goal!
Tonight arrive early at Broadway bar & take advantage of the $75 bottle special b411pm dont forget wer havin a $500bikini contest!RSVP NOW!
have a good weekend!
YAY!! Who was it? We'll let them know! RT : I think I had the best tour guide!
Louis Vuitton Outlet, Enjoy 75% Off On Louis Vuitton Handbags ...
Time waits for no man... so let's get it together!
Aw! LA Misses you! :) Hope Berlin is great! :)
": I swear I can't tell if #oneofmyfollowers is a boy or a girl" here I can help, I'm a dude
Vegetarian in Austin airport = ice cream for lunch :)
I hope you come back.
Story of the day: Arlington bans leaf blowers completely from May to October!
Its time to get in shape for the summer with Tune in 2nite @ 630 & 1030 for Pt 1 of our series on bootcamps and fitness classes
why fool myself I'm alone in this world talking to myself
do you know why Jimmy Nielsen isn't on the ballot?
Champieux -library controls the pool of titles for
if ur interested in hearing how u changed my life for the better dm me
Kinda drunk. Hope I don't f up tn in Vball.
Just booked another bride with our friends at Jameson Creations for June 2012!
Acting liking a normal person in Grand Theft Auto 4 because you're bored.
“Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.” -- Frank Lloyd Wright
nvm, i can't sleep 😣 lol.
your email is not working?
Reading time..
smashin this ice cream! this shit qood as hell !
shocker, i know. deep breaths, rob. deep breaths.
#SportingKC awesome job!! is the man! Cant wait to sit in for Wednesdays game!!!
Wasn't it Ryan Braun who said this game is dumb sometimes
Pregnant Reese Witherspoon: How She's Dressed Her Bump So Far
Ohio state does it. I don't know exactly what it's called... Individual study or something? But look into it
Next week or the week after would work for me. Hope you both have a great New Year's Eve!
my favorite weather too
:) so glad to hear it!
ps bro its time to get a new photo, the baby pic needs to grow up
Why does school ruin lives?
Oops made myself a bloody #topshelf its that kinda day .. sorry not sorry
u flying out
RT : A1. living my most fab life is about being the best person that I can be and being a blessing to others
dude....we knew that.
Thx for suggestions. I want easy way to get file from GDocs to for writing feedback. I'll look into this.
Oh, and booked. Borgata in a week4the WPT then off to Rosarito Beach to live for a few months and make my triumphant return to Pokerstars :D
M. Friday night Voodoo. Dats whats up.
I need #MORETHANTHIS.....constantly working towards a better ME💙
YOU SAID ''FOREVER'' & I BELIEVED IN U :C
RT - Just heard some lady walk by #lids and say "Look at all the Tom Brady hats they have." I believe the team is called ...
What a great night celebrating birthday and sneaker launch! It was an epic night, but we have to do it again soon with
When my window creeks. <<<
aww... we need to get together and watch playoffs like true bros.
Diplo just invited all the pretty girls to the stage, but I'm too busy picking kimchi out of my teeth.
As March begins it's your last chance to get 2011 pricing for your 2012 coolers. Stop in at any of our stores to secure these great...
you're lucky you have friends
Hope so. RT If good things come to those who wait, are procrastinators set for life?
That's Weird. :(
nice. Remember when we were there? Awesome
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its inbuilt limitations and issues.
word to Big Bird
Hey everyone I'm back so follow me I. Follow back
Really hope the Astros go high-risk high-reward and take Buxton over one of the pitchers.
RT This week's Smart Energy links include: LEDs for lighting; green jobs gone missing; and garden hose to the sky bit.ly/nQwGJP
im done at six im not going through anymore files
Considering going to #ALA this summer. Good for a #librarystudent?
Umii opens office in Moscow
RT : Now following
Who wants to play, "What Can I Fit In There?"
Watching football all day long with my family. Go Badgers!
playing at recoup lounge at 8:30 this Thursday
"The body is like a piano, and happiness is like music. It is needful to have the instrument in good order."- Henry Ward Beecher
call me am there with the party bus 786 223 1654
try the vue
I think its finally hitting me
#BronxPizza all the way!! Bon apetito! (Is that right?)
PR Tip of the Day: Keep press releases short and sweet. Reporters don’t want to read a long press release. One page is plenty.
Still adjusting to the sartorial disconnect between the west and DC. Totally underequipped in suit components.
That's a bummer. Its simple, pack up all your things and move to Colorado. lol
When we can access our feelings and express them responsibly, our emotions move us away from pain and toward pleasure.
Thank you, dear one. I'm looking forward to giving you a big hug at LCC!
The #TeeParty sounds like a fantastic time! Major Shout Outs to for putting on what will be a wonderful event!
#critcode Thanks for the "shout-out."
Drive comes out on Tuesday!!!
Good Morning BFF! What's going on? : Hey BFBF ”
In the future, everyone will have 15 minutes of shame.
Florida is looking like they could score 100+ tonight!
or UK v. UF for round 4
Speaking to Public Humanities Grad Students about #altac and #digitalhumanities at noon. Any suggestions from those in the museum world?
Q4: as often as possible. last weekend the my grandsons and i made deviled eggs
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. Groucho Marx
If You Love Someone Put Their Name In A Circle Not A Heart, A Heart Can Break
Eating pizza rolls and chocolate ice-cream with !!
well since I'm an idiot I didn't take any pics, maybe the guy I bought it from still has some.
hahah good joke
I don't think it works that way. But good luck!
Q:What is your shoe size and how tall are you? A:I wear a size 6 in womens and a size 5 1/2 in boys ( jordans <3
Me and my friend be havin some interesting convos bout my math teacher..like they say once you go black you never go back lol
Yes. Jr Rails dev here, blazing fast learner.
welcome back!! gravitas soon. also, lunch with me and tomorrow.
Hi Joe! How did I miss you here?!
YOU ARE LYING TO ME. you're grounded. grounded.
“:The era of something for nothing must end" Your right it's time we tax big oil they have had enough "hand outs"
Watching mortal kombat while the lil one sleeps
That explains things. Chiefs shirt thought the spinning was tumbleweeds. He couldn't explain all the water though. Ha ha!
I'm at MS53
": "I don't stop when I'm tired, I stop when I'm done." #Determination"
Hello from Portland, OR... Good choice PR Communications at Clearpoint. When do you next PackABag&Go?
it is so nice to see you had out a pic :)
NEEDS T0 ST0P BEiNG A CHiCKEN AND GET A DAMN TATT00!
I bet but I know u enjoyed urself
So who else is wearing something ridiculous on their head and watching the Kentucky Derby?
I don't think it's going to happen.
I wish I could warm up my coffee by letting it sit in the sun, without the milk going bad.
you're missing out out on a Spanish contest!!
Oh no! We're sorry you're having that problem-our awesome support team can help you troubleshoot! 1-855-466-2646 M-F 9AM-5PM EST
"Home" could be a location from which you orient your musings, or an emotional reality around which you orient your musings. Ah..Nashville!
Also, back in the BBS days, I used to have the nick "To Wit". Thank you.
#Raw Tonight RT if your watching
I borrowed my mum's once - painful!
u tel em
Finally got Saints Row 3 so Sabrina and I can continue our thug beatings with a massive dildo. #funthingscouplesdo. <3
I want to kill my battery before I go to sleep but I don't have anything good to tweet.
I don't get what LOVE mean!!!
This is going to eventually make Aron Winter's playoff season look AMAZING. Right?
Bad weekend? probably.
I <3 my chiropractor!
Thats why: netflix4life RT: Really? RT Did you know your cable box sucks more energy from your home than your refrigerator?
Just got my very first e-textbook
PS: built at
Those who are United Methodists - what are your thoughts on restructuring?
Yes, I had just a few diehard fans in the library with me. They especially loved when he read an excerpt. Did you watch?
it wont let me at the moment my twitter froze  tweet me tmmrow or in like 2 hrs to follow you somethings wrong
#cambridgemass see u in 9 days
Hmm I know I not in jail
Just freaked out because I saw a tall white balloon move in my room in the semi-darkness and thought it was Slender Man. The internet sucks.
A reminder to make your own home base RT : The problem with FaceBook is you are building a house on rented land
haha I'm the only person who has ever heard it! I might have to post it sometime.
SHE BOUT CONFUSED AS A BLONDE COUNTING...
And thx #usvi for the bottle of cruzan rum!
my apologies for the poor experience, please email us details and we will address for you
hiding where?! I'm missing the invitations :(
Hair Metal Album Track Listing Algorithm: 1. Hit Single 2. Uptempo, non-single 3. Powerballad 4-N. No one listens to these
isn't that what it is for?
take your leap now and grow your wings on the way down
which eoi is it ?
thanks katie
A display of #courage by a leader inspires.
Venting is good. Stay up
TechCrunch Primer: A Crash Course In Cool Camera Apps
Ask hi Yvonne
Your a bitch..yes I'm subtweeting about you
.. me too decided to tune in, really like Adam & ce-lo
I set fire to the rain, watched it pour as itouched you face
Twitters something else man i got my Ass handed 2 me. I should took my Ass off & put in my hand like Dam
About to give a presentation to professional colleagues...and I just realised I am wearing slippers and not shoes.
how have u been chelsea?
This Easter weekend a girl of 21 was killed in a head on collision with a semi truck the family is reaching justin bieber for any tributeRIP
Hard to put into words how badly the got outplayed in this series. New Jersey deserved it. But still...
I'm actually excited to watch preseason football.... That is a first
Older man on train with two small bouquets: "too bad you're not my gf or I would give you one of these." Take note, boys!
I don't feel too hot.
That was a huge second foul on Jamison. He has to stay in the game! Stupid foul
Glad to be at this year's Professional Scholarly Publishing meeting in DC.
On the range at Doral teaching. Hot day for end of October.
This doc office is testing my patience
We definitely do ;)
oh, so many balls in the air for me!! Am workin' as fast as I can on that! In the meantime, did you get the holiday discount?
Yeah! Thanks for the follow. Catch my tweets on #marketing & #art. I really need to visit your offices in
No one has received anything free from CarlKingdom/MutantMall.com recently.
There is really nothing that compares to the creative Zen of balancing abstraction with consistency. This is my profession.
Tonite: The Bloodtypes punk PARTY at Plan B bar in Portland
It's really great that the #Cavs could reunite Mychel & Tristan. Mrs. Thompson must be so proud tonight!
I NEED to see the vow..... I really NEED TO!!!
Thanks for the follow! We'd love to help you get your word out! Msg us at .
here here!
Trying Mari Luna's happy hour specials. $2 off guac.
So sad that Carlas going home but adam made the right decision i think.
we try... apparently, not all us profs succeed?!
Germantown ladies set they self up for da kill and they dnt even know it they dam well them dem niggas aint faithful
oh well I guess!haa(:
RT : Ok. This crew sucks.
Aw shucks guys...makin me blush over here :) Thx! -CV
I was backstage at SNL, too, and I definitely said to my friend that "the girl in the pillbox hat" was my new style icon
Or does hierarchy become become a game of numbers? Likes = expert.
You got mail. if you have any questions, let me know. peace out
is having a comic book movie weekend extravaganza.. After seeing the Avengers my dorky self is screaming yes!
My acct was hacked. If you get any dms about blogs, its not real. Sorry.
To challenge your core try a Bosu run: grab light weights, get on the Bosu, & make a running motion with your arms while squatting.
Prom Hair for Prom Princesses.Twistii will donate Twistiis & up to $25 per updo to stylists providing UpDo services for clients of Ruby Room
Do you work early in am? I'm one of those that needs very little sleep.
I'll get you some flowers the day you are buried.
that sounds awesome! DM me and we can work out a sponsorship :]
Feels disrespected
Had Such A Blessed Day. #Thankful <3
Don't tweet and tell.
The winner of the 4 VIP Breakfast tickets for the Milwaukee Holiday Parade is !
Chris Paul begs to differ....
I'm being spoon fed bull shit over here!
I'll kill this bitch. poke poke poke hah
YES. I. DO. -.- drama just comes to me! I don't even know why!
#14-Larry Fitzgerald-WR-Larry Fitzgerald
new post up now at 1standvine.tumblr.com! #nowplaying you should too!
dskfljlkaj im scared for him to get signed....
anyone watch "Game Change" last night?
"It is ultimately self-defeating for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws" Bill Clinton Feb. 8, 1995.
I don't care about your bomb ass weed my nigga I got some good shit right here :)
Boy we was representin Florida in GA last night
Glad to hear! ... Comn good RT : How's ur recovery? Gonna be ready for #Olympics?
I laugh in your general direction!
best friend shout outs to :)
thanks babe, making a good recovery :)
i just wrote something down, correctly spelled, only backwards. WHATS WRONG WITH ME?
Any "Charley and the Chocolate Factory" Fans out there?
Romney says mothers should be required to work outside the home in order to receive benefits. Too bad that's been federal law since 1996
#liespeopletell I want us to remain friends
we are gonna have to go golfing this weekend!!
We aim to bring relevant speakers 2 U MT : such good timing for #SMBmad topic (SocMed for B2B). Just had call abt this yesterday.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
I agree with you Something has to happen soon!!
Thank you!!
Funny numbers... increase funding of vouchers and charters and call it an increase for public education. Hm?
80% of NFL players are bankrupt within 2yrs of retirement!!
Thanks for the links to the NC photo. Beautiful buildings!
Got my replacement intuos mouse! No more double clicking when I click once!
yup. It's amazing!
That's funny. I think the same thing every time I go back to
SO GOOD
yea I agree. We can't risk having kids out in an area where someone is DANGEROUS and ARMED. Hide yo kids. Hide yo wife.
beautiful day stop by the response booth and say hi
Always be yourself, unless you can be a unicorn. Then be a unicorn
Lately you have begun to border on insubordination. Good thing none of your bosses apparently read your blog.
It's going to be a great day
Max and I talked about so many people this weekend xD
RT: I got it quick this time trying to beat :)
Good Morning Everyone. You should brush twice a day with a fluoride toothpaste and floss once a day
Got a presentation tomorrow AM but too distracted to concentrate on my deck. Maybe I should sleep and wake up extra early.
got fancy new gloves so I can use my touch-screen phone without freezing my WHOLE hand. NERD
Same here.
Sinclair Lewis~ People will buy anything that is one to a customer.
Hello. :-) What kind of music do you enjoy?
Go girl!!! singing !*said climbing the dtanoiels to heavuuun!!!* lol
Jason Schmidt, Juan Pierre, Andruw Jones, Juan Uribe... How does Ned still have a job
Trying to help my mom cool off
Jim Morrison invading OVW tonight?
“: Raise Your Weapon is addicting. #deadmau5” IKR!!!!!
TWEET US! --> We're taking your questions for today's webinar "How to use social data to make smarter marketing decisions" via Twitter.
Did you see Frank Whaley on Blue Bloods?? LOL! The good old days
sounds like a plan :)
Had a surprise interview today when I dropped off a resume...whew!
The follow :)
I resolved to only work on one project at a time!! I usually have too many under way simultaneously.
Tonight: FRANK TURNER and The Sleeping Souls, ANDREW JACKSON JIHAD, INTO IT OVER IT Doors @ 8:00pm $15.00 at the door!
RT : HOUSTON! Tonight, join at STATUS LOUNGE.
Very Deep.
All the VIP 'request an invite' parties at #sxsw make me feel like I'm in high school again.
Haha, nice meeting you!
of course you are! Now get out of jersey!
the nfl!
thats good! Sorry it took so long im at work doin nthn lol!
“: avengers later?” dude no!!! Ha
Thank you and for the RT's!
THANK YOU SO MUCH! Btw I love your picture for the TRSdaily promo! It was so amazing!
Thank you so much ...
I am loving how is getting more screen time. She hilarious!! #RHONJ GET HER ON
I'm amazing
Happy Bday Bella:)Remember when I was 12 & U were 9 U & the fam had fun on our yacht? Now Ur 14.Wow time flies. Have fun!
Why do teachers hate it when their students tweet????
Saw some beautiful balloons in the ABQ sky on my way to work this am! Love it!
I catch my breath, shake my head, and I walk on.
I MISS YOU TOO ): as soon as I get back!
Countdown till Dark Knight rises...too long away!
Going to sleep with you on my mind and your the first thing I think about when I wake up! Truly blessed ☺
Niall Is Our Sexy Leprechaun ahaha!
Finally home, I'm so tired!
y u put the pic up where u used to prostitute down at the tx workforce comission?
Cannot get good service from AT&T. Canceling new service that never worked. Shameful, really.
Love you and loved the evening with you..Hope it helps a lot..xoxo
You starting something.
Gufs, that reply made no sense.
I don't disagree with you! Pretty much identical
A teenager (a generation removed) just asked me: why should we mourn 1 when a mil die everyday? I said we should mourn 1mil & 1.
I love Sandra Oh.
I love lady marmalade(;
your family is in my thoughts and prayers. God bless.
Why is it called Alcoholics ANONYMOUS when the first thing you do is stand up and say, 'My name is Peter and I am an alcoholic'?
One week until SEMA! Who's going? We're looking forward to unveiling some big projects!
SCHOOL starts next week m gonna hacve fun while I can
it's a rough estimation, of course, but adding .12 to the LD% can pretty well establish run bad vs. run good, and there's run bad here
oh, i'm in love with also, she's pretty great too
At work on break
about the poetry for the exam and the exam texts
#bostoninitiative sprint today is my #drupalcon takeaway
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: 50% off all plants in our Greenhouse (Riverwest)
LOS ANGELES 2night:Dragonfly Nightclub, bringing the house DOWN!
Joshua proved he shuld b the nxt american idol
Clark stopped the bleeding, getting a goaltending call on his fast break layup to cut it back to 5. 57-52 NC State with 3:26 to go
Lincoln: Why should there not be a patient confidence in the ultimate justice of the people? Is there any better or equal hope in the world?
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. Wayne Dyer
he's awrsome'
The RLR jam session has been so great lately! Thank you to everyone who's been a regular! Mondays 9pm 626 S. Spring St.
Listen, I like you - but you've got to stop watching Dance Moms.
": We all know a slut named Brittany....." Thank god my name is spelled differently!
Playing at the Hard Rock Cafe Nashville with my friends Skylar Dayne and the Command Sisters July 8th
true story RT “: "[New Job] CTO/Co-Founder - Company already Funded" #dipshitinvestors? #thatfounderbetterbegood”
“: Dawg, I saw tonight...had a effing blast!” great seeing you boo
What a hit by Clay Matthews
Spam DMs from 3 followers last night. Apparently there are horrible rumors going around about me.
Samsung Focus Flash: A Great Phone, An Awesome Price
Great tasting with Erin & Jean-Louis #Chave. 2009 #Hermitage is fantastic as are the parts to 2010. Now up to #Vonnas for a little dinner...
": Interesting news bit on the injectable-silicone news bit. Seemed awkwardly funny! Lol. You guys rock!" Thanks for tuning in!
HEY RUNWAY DIVA SHAY!!!! :-)
no any ways who came home
“: It's amazing how those people who were your friends,are now just people you know.”
LOL love your tweet to your funny! haha =)
Trap game for the C's tonight - home opener against a young team after a tough road win, stay away!
Depends... are we talking brown paper bag alone - or at a bar just flying solo... the later is all good, i vote secure
June 15th I believe, but any day is a good day to celebrate Waylon!
need a beat from one day
RT : Walking around in the biggest Nordstrom in the world
Is that Chris Webber doing color for the Celts game? Whoever it is, they are so far from pro caliber it's ridiculous. Should not be on air.
we'd love for you to come too, of course.
Hi Olivia! You're so welcome! Glad you were part of this. Getting close to be done with the music video. Looks great so far!
Not me! They promote clarity, and CSers love clarity. RT Very surprised at the prevalence of Oxford commas at
Oh, we don't even get access to Google Docs which is a major handicap.
Nope... Katie's! Then the Ferrari Spring Thaw in Reston Town Center!
hey, havent talked in a while, whats up?
Just finished listening to talk about 's StandOut. I'm sold!
ANOTHER HOUR OF GLEE. This is awesome
will someone come with me to kidnap austin.......PWEASE. *puppy face*
I will when I get them!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 32
Nothing better in #SanDiego! MT Devouring a red velvet cake right now. Carrot's better but was feeling old school.
Do your pants hang low could they wobble to the floor?
“: I don't care if you don't like me #IDontWantYou” That's right, you tell em!!
I have an arsenal of over 500 hundred guns as well as twenty wives back at the compound
I'd bet they trade down before picking Claiborne.
My exact thoughts number one! RT “: Need More Hours In The Day. #TooDamnBusy”
have you listened to our music??
This team just had to play behind, doesn't it?
Planning on drafting a review essay with the Linux beta of Scrivener. I hope it lives up to its reputation.
He will make that sound sexy too. That will be an amazing feat.
and it starts with our guy kevin maurice garnett
What do u think is president chances in 2012 as now ?? Hm thinking
no way hha
Gingered Carrot Leek Vichyssoise is in the crockpot. Can't wait to see how it turns out in the morning!
Super excites! The release of 2 more songs is officially Friday October 8th!!! Get stoked!!
Did you know that Trey Songz "Already Taken" was worked on at KMA among other songs on the radio! :)
Thank you both so much! I'll stay in touch.
OH YEAH!!
“: If he is too expecting of a physical relationship #getridofhim”
#facebook is getting way too complicated. I can't believe I'm going to choose twitter because it's simpler. It used to be the opposite!
Those who critsize our generation, forget they are the ones who raised it...---
RIP Junior Seau...damn
what phone u got
#SmackDown time to play the Game
Good baron sucks at being good.
Celebrating megans half birthday, since she didn't celebrate her real one
Chocolate Decadence Trifle or Double chocolate chip cookies... Decisions Decisions.
Maybe i do play hard...
Sounds like a normal day at my house.
We live thousands and thousands of miles away. I want to see your smile everday. Lexi misses you, i miss you, Taylor misses you.
Some ppl got some ugly ass kids..but then again im ugly as fuck to#
I want to post on the anti-pattern of posting but am unsure how to start.
Lynne and I did a lot of yard work today. Now it's Indian food at home.
YES Kim! Listening to naysayers will stop u from reaching your goals. Surround y/self with positive & supportive people!
you did amazing tonight!!! :)
text me sometime today when you got time . wanna catch base with you
RT : Free drinks world famous raffle & hot short films all going down Fri 7pm Dec 2nd screening series
I hate having to wait for important stuff like that for sports haha
So right! RT : Widows don't meet deadlines because.... ? I know there's a joke in there somewhere! #help!
I'm just really excited cuz there's not a lot of boy Simpsonizers oh and your bio made me laugh so hard I cried
Totally, totally, been busy!! Just getting to Atlanta... let's see how this goes!! Boy it really is beautiful here!!!
thanks girl love you to!!
what if, at Emory, the president's commissions thought about the SODEXO problem as a problem that impacted women and LGBTQI people?
Come ride wit me...
Took a nap at 5 then woke up at 8. Stayed up for like 5 minutes to text everyone back && passed out for the rest of the night. Haha. Uh?
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home. Bill Cosby
RT : well you need to get you some sleep lol... >>>> Ikr Lol
lol. Thanks. The sketches are done and pretty funny. Lol
ball so hard that shit cray. She slept like a queen =)
I feel confident that one day we will all simultaneously high five. Then hope no one saw us be THAT nerdy.
Happy Easter Hoyas!
Q4: mobile web forms rarely address service, usually top funnel
you're beautiful the way it is
Thanks! ARMA's affordability structural issues have been bothering me for a while so it's good to get it off my chest.
I hate all bugs -___-
If #Buffs are a 12 seed, whatever 5 seed plays us needs to watch out!!!
it's kind of a predictable #1 for me.Malick's the only director to make my top pick for every year he releases a film
I would suggest looking in ATLA (a religious studies db), if she has access. A search for "decolonization" & "america" =53 hits
by the way....we totally remember you!
Are weeds only ugly if you're not the one who planted them?
Shifting configurations of physical & virtual occupation as key horizon for reshaping models of political persuasion & effecting change.
52 % of Valentine's Day shoppers indicate that the economy will not have any effect on their purchasing decisions for Valentine's Day 2011.
S/o to my best friend playing varsity spring season :*** love you so much kid!
it is off to Wyoming, Colo., Ks and home, have been reading stories, poems, and stuff, love it, it is fun!
Can't wait to celebrate cinco de mayo!!!!!
burned 240 calories doing 30 minutes of "Running 11-min mile with hills"
Congratulations to KSTP-TV director Dave Hammergren on 35 years at KSTP. Free cake for everyone.
get a fuckin rebound man.
Also showing students how to find distressed properties in the hidden market, and write up and submit offers. (hint: no agent required!)
"Who do you love- Me or The thought of me?" Woke up with that song playing in my head.
i have been so busy with shcool.so i am back:P
Watching rerun of Charlie Sheen's Comedy Roast - Patrice O'Neal just said 'this should be my last show.' Wonder if he knew he was going ...
Gym last night left me sore af!
Caught you on Comedy Central last night and really enjoyed your set! Any NY shows coming up?
The Ball and Biscuit will be closed tonight until 8:00 for a private event.
...they should be embarrass...ed it happened under your whatch HARRY...we really need to fire Reid...
Lets be honest, Packers defense made some great plays this season but were horrible otherwise.
I think #oomf is a thrab! I really do lmao she has thrab symptoms
Ah, geez. New damage in corridor 2. Who BUILT this ship?
This conference call <<<<<<
Happy Mother's Day to all my hot momma friends out here. Have a great day! It's all about YOU!!!
props to your boys. Didn't see it, but sounds like a gutty win.
glad he's doing well! yeah!! We should meet up. If not, I could always come down to you!! So many exclamation points!!
“: going over our burger quest spreadsheet...is that weird? #obsessed” burger quest?! I like the sound of that.
Good morning. Twitter is so good that even the president is going to answer questions that we have sent him today. I love it :)
Just started #rippedin30 yesterday. Excited to see results!
Come join me for a drink at busboys and poets on 14th. I've got an hour to kill before date night.
Soaring 2 crashing that fast..OMG I'm tired of this..
kopitar had 3G 3A for LA. Or something like that.
Setting up a new github repository.
K love thx
I would watch this. RT #RHOAC "Real Housewives of Antonio Cromartie". Somebody MAKE THIS HAPPEN!
Playing modern warfare 2 !!! Hell yeah
Oh Carlson so close!!!!!!!
its fun bieng a whore and it feels good
Storytelling is the currency of influence. Seema Bhende
hi twin !
#Breakfast- most important meal of the day! What did you snack on this fine morning, FITzees?
HS girls soccer: Sun Prairie beats Madison Memorial 3-2
have fun in mtownn
At least it'll b quiet : RT : #boyleheights apartment tower to offer city and cemetery views.
I sure am Joe. Look forward to it. :)
HURRY UP!
Why do people use yolo so much they're all like I'm pregnant#YOLO Just tripped on a rock#YOLO I'm petting my cat#YOLO Really stfu!
I'll be in Cleveland for Internationall Beer Fest :)
As much as I use a PC, Respect to #SteveJobs I admire the man, not Apple.
I think I'm the only person who speaks English in a 3 block radius of my apartment
We need people to buy presale tickets for our show on June 16th at the uptown lounge! Who wants some? :)
Morning Bitch-Back! Is Miley Cyrus Feeling Betrayed by Another Disney Diva?
we've seen that article as well....ouch!
Thanks! We love our logo too!
Whew! Just completed FEMA's online class on Nat'l Incident Mgmt System. Cert says "reaffirmed dedication to serve in times of crisis"
Wow Females is Ratchet this chick at the bus stop wit the phone on speaker talmbout her Pussy right infornt of her daughter though like WTF!
Witness says former SDPD Arevalos repeatedly felt her body and asked inappropriate questions about her breasts and body.
#ilovemymother just the way she is... <3
Is this track looping?? Nah bra this is daft punk
": told u I ain't gone. Run when yo life gets hard" that's what last nigga said and were he at with the next
I love you, everybody can say it but not everybody can mean it
Adam there u r ! would u plz talk 2 me damn it!
That's what I'm talking about!
RT : Avoid the Big Brain Trap; make new habits simple to achieve and master, don't overcomplicate.
Does your neighborhood have a “neighborhood watch” program? Do you feel it helps?
what is your email? I will send an invite
Prob not. had the gall to say he was in the same athletic class as myself. RT : hopefully he was nice.
No time between sessions to play angry birds. Too many great exhibitors and new HR products to see.
Looking for a new big project. A devotional piece. Something absurd. A ridiculous waste of time. Hopeless. Huge. Something anonymous.
There are a good 10 teams that don't scream bandwagon.
Who is your avatar?
Blake Griffin and CP3 are now injured... Or was it David Stern?
- And what a Great bad girl LeeAnne was in the lead role of "Isabelle". Look out world, she's tough & beautiful !
I look at my hands and feel sad 'cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly .
Genuinely disappointed to see that is already halfway through his miracle 100k stakeroll. Twitter is less fun when hes busto
#pladml have you film and posted any of your intro tours
who r u mad at and what r u planning? That's what I wanna know.
Next up- Building on the Job Organizing Networks
fare enforcement jackboots have bullet-proof vests, nightsticks and handcuffs. They're HARD CORE MAN.
Can't wait to watch the American Idol rejects on X-Factor!
RT TO SEE THE LATEST "BFDTV" EPS LOG ONTO YOUTUBE AND KEYWORD SEARCH "BLACKFRESHDON" HOST /ALL SHOWS EDITED BY "LYZEE"
thought you just tweeted national tampon vacation....glad i re-read it
You gonna start with me tonight? lol Don't know if you're kidding or not
Keep them ex's out the picture and things will always be clearer
All of the people who are saying that Faried should have won.
He put a smiley face. He wants my vagina
New day! But still pretty bummed about SU's loss and how it went down. Can't remember the last time I was this upset over an Orange loss.
IS the Left always this trashy " I will not mince words on this one... Bristol Palin can go f*!@ herself
Be sure to check out Augustana's Twitter feed -- and log your hours for the free volunteer concert at www.10KHoursShow.com
im a freshman
“ HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO DA REALEST NIGGA I KNOW------> #MySelf”
Glad to hear that. Those challenges & obstacles aren't meant to stop you. You're strong. You'll get there. :-)
When people are rude to you for no reason.
Practicing my golf game to whoop and ass in a month
#LiamsVoiceIsMoreSexualThanBeyonces he makes my heart race.
Then again I want chocolate.... Maybe both *_* orignial yogurt with some chocolate bits... Yeah, im hungry lol
That IS exciting! Never seen him. I'm jealous.
If I'm in a committed relationship with a guy who already has kids, am I entitled 2 a F-day gift? Or do stepdads/dad-lites not get anything?
lololol everyone on my timeline is bashing BOTDF. Please, carry on.
Hey! Anyone out there?
We like to promote local music- come to our restaurant and post on our community board to promote your band or event
Every god damn time. Why the hell are you so much better than me? Because you are getting your bachelors? Because you're 35? Fuck you.
Think outside "the fold"
We want our elephant back! RT : War has been waged between Us and Ignacio Tomorrow will be messy.
Today I went to the zoo & took a walk afterward. I put that into SparkPeople and it turns out I got nearly a week's worth of exercise today.
justin bieber- somebody to love.
Thanks to everyone who made 100 Years of Women a success! Couldn't make it? You can still make a donation that will be MATCHED!
Tune in this weekend and see Christy and Ignatiy discuss the state of 3D films today in a special show we're calling "To 3D or not to 3D!"
Engage viewers in television news brand by utilizing internet to cover stories that don't nec attract broad audience
oh def. Scooter it up! Your So much more free on the scooter!
I understand its not a representation of all fans but the video and pictures are absolutely deplorable.
I'm voting for #MelanieAmaro #XFactor She's beyond amazing!!!!
Really!What did you do? I am curious that it is a great cause.:)
Writing a job ad & debating between wanting someone who can encourage creativity or nurture curiosity. Both important!
RT For the record, Tim Tebow doesn't live in Hoboken. "I've never even been to Hoboken!"
Back in the kitchen wit her no cookin self lol ain't she !
Would that be sashimi for the cat or ...
yep boneless wings are like 40 cents.
Thanks Misty. Glad you love the bag. With all this feedback from the community. I think my decision is made!
#WrestleMania - Love it!!! 21st Century "Greatest Show on Earth" and Vince is the new P.T. Barnum.
Jackson does no-no complete with finger wag RT Buttercup has learned correct usage and pronunciation of "No." Yay!
tired i woke up at 6 lol and went to bed at like 1 so ya im veeeeerrrry tired lol!!!
being in this room for the whole day <<<<
That moment when you already said "Awkward" in your head before you read it.
I'm on twitter that is all
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist rock bottom
Making a cool announcement tomorrow night. Lets say 7pm. Be here.
I'm a packers fan in England and I agree, it's like saying fuck all our loyal fans for a one off money spinner in london!
so david beckham isn't in seattle tonight cause he has to "rest"? he mustve been doing something else besides playing soccer
“: aw. Looks perfect.” thank you!
Amen, Sister. And #StlCards the day before that. Glorious time of year. RT : #Tigers yesterday, #Rays today. I heart baseball
I'm a rookie so I buy the pancake powder. It's more about technique than the recipe, imo. Kind of like baking. Don't overmix.
I think you'll enjoy it.
I wish my gut didn't bounce when I tried to pop to dubstep and the fact that I'm white doesn't help either
Thunder is gonna smash the Flakers!!!
did u walk yet
"Shining Night" We will have our world premiere Wed April 18 at 3 PM. information tickets at the Soho International Film Festival website.
Daniel did you go?
Hi Dell. It seems I am not allowed to DM you unless you are following me :(
I am tweeting more and using the #Trending thing -- as well as posting tweets that match up with what is trending right now.
Champions keep playing until they get it right. -Billie Jean King
Ate Susakis sushi for lunch today it was delicious <3
If you're not going away this spring break , your beat. BAHAMAS <3
RT : Congratulations to Barbara Greenburg of Louisville for winning the car raffle!!!
Tan lines are like highlighter for your most awesome body parts
Wikipedia is just fine for research for K-12 papers. It's much better than Encyclopedia Britannica, which is what I used in school
thanks for the RT! Hope things are coming together for the expo, can't wait!
I tell my job this all the time RT ": Track is my first priority #sorrynotsorry"
haha. I sang that for a Gender Bender song day in Master Class.. That is such a fun song!!! I bet you sound great!
My quest to break the 3000 followers mark is going in the wrong direction. They're dropping like flies, I tell ya!
Heading to Boston today- looking forward to the Facebook innovations sure to come out of #f8 later this week
yeah buddy getting a grade for working out? I'll take it!!
AH PRETTY LITTLE LIARS AKEBRNGO;EBJG JUNE 5!! AH I WANT IT TO BE JUNE 5 ALREADY!!
Per police scanner - pushing, shoving, death threats in line at Boulder Best Buy.
I have no options left. it's time for plan Z. I'm gonna ask my mom..
“Confront issues and challenges – not each Other.” — Suzanne Mayo Frindt
My baby is the only 2 y/o awake in #Texas #GoToSleep #BadAssKids lol
I need to start going to the gym! This is getting ridiculous! 💪
10 days until Opening Day. 8 minutes to Miller Park. 8 a.m. tailgate on our patio begins. $5 breakfast specials. $2 PBRs, Bloody, cocktails.
Thanks for taking time to follow~ Hope you find my posts helpful~
7 AM, put together #thegameoflife and needed to read the directions three times, should not be so realistic
Applying right now!
The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life
well the South was always supposed to be the new land-owning-based aristocracy & kept many of those traits from across the pond
same here! Horses ARE my life! I have a buckskin mare called Luna(:
thanks for tweeting the pre-concert talk and so glad you had a good time at the show tonight!
we're training the next generation of online organizers
mhgmmm Gurl! yo do you know when pretty lil liars comes back?
This week is not going as planned...and that is definitely NOT a bad thing.
watching Godfather, went to bed then woke up at 3AM
damn auto correct! Yeah I think Kentucky might win it all. They are the team to beat.
only 10 more days of school then SUMMER TIME IS HERE!
Will be updating the online store this weekend to feature a few new products
who would wanna call u lol
The SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! "waste" issue is now at the printer....
Just spent the last 3 hours listening to classical music. In my car. Thanks composers (& KUSC 91.5FM). Now the anticipation begins for LOST.
Secret Revealed...The Furman Football Staff Names QB Chris Forcier Starter Today vs Colgate at 2:00 PM Eastern Time. Go Paladins!
You need to check out a more unheard of diaper dandy in Hassan Whiteside for Marshall when you get the chance.
...and now I can't get the Mary J. fried chicken song out of my head. About to play Lift Every Voice & Sing on repeat.
Corbin still calls me it, and I try to hit him but he hits back...which hurts. But it's old news, got old (;
“: : ikr”yup!!! Have a better day
we need to hop on a track together me on vocals you rhymes #LAST KINGS KILLING ISH
RT : This is the 1st generation of entrepreneurs w/ text books written for them, not for MBAs growing big businesses -Steve Blank
Funny how you always have to start with the bottom line.
Wait, am I watching last weeks game on my TiVo.
Lady on Bart talking to boyfriend on phone " you cheated on me so yes I did screw those 2 guys as payback"
follow my personal please? (;
Thanks for the info! We'll pass it along to our fleet team.
Laurence, congrats on Cherry Hill! My Dad also sends his best! They'll be over to see you (I'll be in Miami) :( -KellyAnne
I weighed in and lost 1 lb.
RT awesome meeting w on #LOCKSS #memento all things are ago! stay turned for event announce at stanford!
Once school's over......PRETTY LITTLE LIARS, GLEE, AND BIG BANG.
by like masts fire house dumbshit. <3
Care to visit at 1785 Mass Ave NW? We have many B&J devotees on staff who adore samples. :)
Thank you! I appreciate you reposting and your kind comment! I'll see ya next weekend! Woo!
Buehrle Come on!!!!
I have the best friends ever. Well done, me!
Thanks!! It keeps me busy... :)
Feel better;) ughh.
the guys need to throw in "Let It Whip" by Dazz Band!
Im watching good luck Charlie the episode when Teddy breaks up with derek, right?
Lol. Someone tried to steal our tip jar! Thanks to the good Samaritan that stopped him!
They say love is a magical thing full of happiness. But it can also Hurt You
Flyers talk about Game 4 loss
Walked through the ATM and the guy in the car behind me joked I had a flat tire and I laughed, but it wasn't funny.
#Dallas always coming from behind. #Heat always about to blow it.
Ooh I like that!
Thank you to our afternoon presenters: Dr. “Vinny” Veenod Chulani of Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children!
If he can develop a motor @ Purdue, watch out.
#FF Friday morning shout out to - Keeping it classy while being sassy.
you are not a minor. I got your pictures for proof!
If you thought our show was good last night, we really outdid ourselves tonight. Such a blast! Can't wait to play for everyone soon!
Happy Tuesday morning! I hope you have a great day!
Very good Corned Beef and Cabbage plate at Moher Public House in Chicago. 5310 W Devon Avenue.
Thanks, Sue! We'd love to chat about ways we can help! Are you free to talk soon?
May the 4th be with you!
whats on the agenda:Socially Responsible Investing
If i were Zimmerman, I'd walk away. Then again, if he'd done that the first time, he wouldn't have to now
We have a show tomorrow night at Tritone on south street between 15th and 16th. Come out and enjoy yourself! Stats at 9pm.
Five For #Friday is Back! The first five people to retweet, repost or refer will receive free access to our #Beta. Only a few spaces remain!
Today in LIS 520: Finding out what users want. Neutral questioning, query types, RUSA guidelines, looking friendly, & dealing w/ racists
Gone by nsync
I swear we didn't put it there. Must just be a solid fan. :)
So much catching up to do
Spring is coming, just another 3 months away
I love #AustinRestaurantWeek :)
no one cares. even though you're sitting across from me i still don't care. lol RT: “: I got a new catch phrase:-D”
"Good habits are formed; bad habits we fall into"
Be ready to change expectations when students come with surprising knowledge or lack thereof.
How will today's Obama campaign kickoff rally differ from the "official" taxpayer-paid White House events? Balloons?
If I leave now, I can make it to stroudsbourg for the signing yay
I know..haha:p
Yea, watt u still doin up?
Interesting. I'd love to talk more w/you sometime about that, whether here or elsewhere. (re: libraries & digital publishing)
Omg Lil Chop Chop is comein back I havnt see that niqqa in years
Not sure why but thinks can beat ME in the 40yd dash. Hey what are your thoughts?
Was looking forward to buying some tickets, but if they trade Gerald I won't be getting any after all ...
are you guys back to podcasting the show on iTunes?
new on repeat. can't stop, won't stop
Teaching the 15-month-old how to stand on a skateboard. *thrill*
In support of Bike Month, I'm riding home today - this means I have to ride back tomorrow. First ride in about 2 years.
Happy Friday! It's DIAMOND DAY here! Which is always my favorite day, obviously.
New Orleans bound to watch my take on the hokies. I'm almost as excited to try my first po'boy!
I WANT TO STAB MY SELF IN THE FOREHEAD WITH A KABOB SKEWER AND LOBOTOMIZE MYSELF! THIS PAIN HURTS SO MUCH!
The first part didn't send. They all group hugged me.******
Another boring night in Tally.
where u going to party at tonight. Think im going to hit up for there industry party tonight then
True story!! RT : Life is good. Music makes it better. Dancing with friends makes it the best.
Good #news! Our ship will be skirting around #Irene by at least 600 miles. Captain has other "adjustments" he can make as well.
BRING EM TO LOS ANGELES INSTEAD!! WE ALL ROCK PURPLE AND GOLD ALREADY!!!
i spend usually an hr or something on twitter. being a complete dumbass xD
Happy mothers day to all the mothers & especially the ones thts playing 2roles in the kids life
so I take it a Good Friday fast wasn't in the cards
I find it hard to trust a man named Rico Fishman.
Why do you have two first names?
Thanks for attending! It's a wild night... RT : Loving a night with Groucho
Arrived in Dublin. Next stop Glasgow and
RT : Don’t miss Only Natural Pet Store’s March Madness Sales! Save BIG MONEY in every area of the store!...
Yea it's hot out here today.
#3WordsForYou ( ) i got food (;
ill advised: recklessly catching a late spring cold and talking so much you lose your voice.
Sean Hannity goes inside controversy over the new health care mandate requires religious institutions to provide contraceptives 2 employees.
RT : First Q: What do audiences really want from museums via social media? Reply w/
You bet!! Thanks for always having the kids at heart at Tennyson Center.
“: How do I acquire a copy of this cd that I see everyone talkin about? I'd appreciate an autographed copy" are you worthy?
Headed out to Leon Springs for my ALL REQUEST show @ FRALO'S ART of PIZZA. Tonight, 6-10 pm!
their gettin nakey in an old abandoned house.
I'm good bro
A relationship becomes easier when u realize that u don't have 2 b the 1 at fault 2 b the 1 who's sorry. R. Braul
Yea I Love it to.
Wait there is another GOP debate now? What was that last night? A preview? This is getting old.
if the river was whiskey and I was a dove, i'd swim to the bottom and never come up.
New word for 2012 C-K Cultural Dictionary? :)
Up now is The Moodies from Manchester NH these guys are groovy!!
Come get pierced by our guest piercer Ricky!
well I'm stuck studying for my exam:(
You know you've been staring at the screen too long when you begin to question whether or not a website is 3D...without the glasses.
Why do Asians do the peace sign in all pictures? ✌
Natural Gas Rallies but ETN Sees Weekly Loss
GOAL! Galaxy up over the Sounders 1-0 in the #MLS playoffs.
TY 4 the RT. Hopefully Renee's pain will give other women strength. I could tell u some stories "Musician's Wives" LOL! :0)
#throwbacksongs the entire black album. <3 oh, chicken n' beer too. ;)
i tweet my feet
I know its early but HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY!!!!! I can't believe you're turning 14 already, where did the time go?
Don't want RT Presidential Candidate Rick Santorum Visits Lambeau Field:
Its amazing how the same person that makes you so happy can also be the same person to make you so pissed off.
bro what happened?
u ever been??
I may have made an X-Files reference in the #Maddow meeting today...my 2 geek worlds collided. I would call this trip a success ;)
Congrats to all 40 under 40 winners especially Lyle Landowski and Jerad Protasky who are both members of NAIOP!
OMG, just reached over 1,500 plays on my itunes. Amazing.
is circling the wagons!
Catching the #RoseParade on RFD-TV. Kinect for XBox has a pretty incredible float, "You Are the Controller"
Putting the dog down today. Gonna start by telling him he has a big nose.
The Denver Nuggets will play against the San Antonio Spurs tonight at 9:30 p.m. ET. Go, Nuggets!
oh then fuck u
I think I hurt some feelings, and I did not mean to do that...That's not me, despite my snarkiness...
Hey Patty! Nice to see you here!
#UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed is a meaningless trend topic. God created everyone to be beautiful in their own way
Verona beats Middleton in girls soccer 2-1 in OT
I finished the first season of #Lost. Oh. My. Shiz.
338: Mom's pot roast for Sunday night dinner? Now there is something to be thankful for. Delicious!
My first saved Google search: 11/26/07: "bermuda cars." Hint: You can't rent them. Try a moped -and drive on the left!
Nice shot. I'll try to use for 10pm. Thanks.
The Graveyard Book Finds a Home at Disney
I hate bandwagon talk. every team has bandwagon fans, who the hell cares? get off your high horse and care about something more important.
WHA??? FUUUUU RT : I took a trip to the year 3000, not much has a changed but they don't have ice cream :(
I am seeing all the Tweets and FB posts from every one aboard the Disney Fantasy preview. Boy am I jealous! Have a great time :-)
yum yum tommy love to be there with you
I think I need to just buck up & face the fact that I am very likely catching a head cold
Get Ready To Kickstart Project Hexapod - Wired News
Make it happen!
Dinner at the house with the fam
you not being able to spell
wow! Nice thought and rime!!!
Wynter, Milwaukee's official groundhog, did not see her shadow today. Let's hope for some warmer weather! www.lakebluffcondos.com
The new store is opening in Alpharetta on Thursday.
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker
/ thanks for the follow! What's your favorite SS song?
Love your place. You pair beers w/your food? I offer services that will elevate you beer program to match that of your food.
its #cgbb and the word will be announced june 15. And dont worry its nothing bad if u were wondering
What does Punxsutawney Phil seeing his shadow mean? 10 more days until Abraham Lincoln's birthday! #groundhogday -ZK
Just let me have a taste.
Love take me down... to the streets
Not a bad idea.. I should try that. Melatonin usually does the trick for me but I'm too tired to even look for it in the cabinet.
What's one item you can't throw out?
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Just came from orchards.. Now watching the Game SA VS. LA
. Unlikely for photobook today to have same impact as Americans. 1) Was published in post-FSA, post-Family of Man era... (cont'd)
Thanks, just feel dumb. Thought it wouldn't auto-pick if my list was gone, lol. I was wrong
Shaad boutta hook up my nephews with the fresh cuts
Stepping in pee at the #mbta station is good luck, right? Like a bird pooping on your shoulder?
over by N. Capitol St?
I hate it when websites ask, "Are you human?" Well, no, I'm obviously a Alien !! (-_-)
(EOTO-verse is a separate 3-story/novel arc, which runs both prior to and parallel to the events of 'Scholar's Mate' &sequels.)
Hope the #LTDArmy had a great weekend! Can't wait to see you all out at the Smiling Moose on Saturday, March 24th!
I would just like to point out that at least I can find my own way home when I'm drunk... Am I right ?!?
listening to
And He's not asking me to change in my joy for martyrdom He's asking to take my place ~Sara Groves
Took over our youth choir rehearsal for Edie (wife) today. What a joy to see and hear their enthusiasm
sure why not
We really need to get over this love affair with the fetus and start worrying about children - Joycelyn Elders
Trainer Doug O'Neill promised his kids a hot tub if I'll Have Another won the Derby ”Now I have to work out or I'll look weird in my trunks”
is in a joyous mood...
Just had an awesome 4 mile run...
Thanks to all my vegan friends, without you I wouldn't have a larger beef and pork and chicken supply
We've gotten some great feedback from our guest post from at www.inlinewaiting.com what do you think?
#ThingsThatILoveInLife is mi mother mi god parents god mi friends nd mi cell fonee
Can we call it nap time? Or rather lets call it a day?
Were you both drinking? RT : Don't forget!! today at 1030a!!! Watch me verbally abuse !!!
W.Drrosie.Com, check out CDs, Romance & Finance in Adult Relationships & Teenage rRelationships
we are now on Tumblr! >> OfficialWeAreSuperheroes.Tumblr.com << still figuring it out! Follow us!!
very much so! I get SO wrapped up into that show!
RT : Rep. Joe Hubbard: We've got to get back to fiscal sanity. Both democrats and republicans are responsible.
When you need someone to comfort you, a friend is near
The feeling you get when he says he likes you <3 lol.
#GWU somebody just won a Wii. Why are you not here yet?
yes sirree bob. Want to come to a party this evening?
The JAM!!
Use location technology for your business's total success.
I want to quote 's most beautiful line from his year-end entry at , but it's 23 characters too many beautiful.
I love my family!!
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best. <3
Math is so fucking stupid xD
NO! BAD ROYALS! STOP THAT
RT : How To Talk To Kids (Effective Sensitive Issues Parenting Communication Guide): Wonderful Tips To Discussing Sen......
The muffin scene is one of the great heights of comedy. The degrees of imagination, play and seriousness are all shocking.
Geez, Coach Spoelstra has called a timeout after every single Bulls bucket in OT. Let the Heat play, theyre not middle schoolers.
Lol... I'm driving on highway 69 :p
RT : Thats one thing I would def have no problem investing money on n over indulging is a dream house!
Tell the truth. Sing with passion. Work with laughter. Love with heart. 'Cause that's all that matters in the end.~Kristofferson
Also the PC Gamer Digital Magazine Beta falls in to a common trap: Why isn't this just on a website somewhere? Why a specialized "app"?.
Learn "How and Why Balloons Fly" at the Balloon Museum before attending this year's balloon fiesta event, you'll be an expert!
Hey, you cute little mouse! Thanks! RT : is only 2 weeks away-Are you ready to get crafty?
omg yes! I do now!!
#ThingsMyChildhoodConsistedOf awkwardness, the wonder years, and a never ending crush on ginger from Gilligan's island.
I'm not gonna tell you to follow me but i will tell you that you should wear you glasses more 'cause i love them.#BeNERDY :D
We were duped! We thought it was our neighbor's girl cat. Then my sister noticed...um...balls. An imposter!
Thanks for the follow! We have in common: love YA lit and love animals. My husband's the musician!
loll, I have this theory that if the parents do it real hard the baby comes out cute.If they don't, #quepena the bbys ugly
I am finally ready for some football
How u feeling? You have your diva behavior back or still recovering?
working on my blog post for you!
where in SA ? I'm looking forward to my 1st trip there (JoBurg & Capetown) this summer! Would love to hear about your trip
lmao hell yea!!!
My hair hasnt been this long in 4 years
Pointers for good texts on ontologies?
is it Adele??(:
Thanks for the#FF's Have a fabulous week :)
RT : Packers DL Anthony Hargrove will miss #Bears game in Week 2 after being suspended 8 games for role in Saints bounty program
Any good man would want the teachings and blessings of God on his household and family
Don't think about your last $2 dollars. Give it freely. God's Eye is on the sparrow. How dare you for any moment of doubt.
that's just about a Done Deal! Let me check the Schedule
