Hello everyone, sorry for the delay! Voume 15.16 - 15.19 is ready to be consumed. You know where to find it =)
Thats Dope (: , I Thought You Were Dominican .
in Las Colinas
do u like teaching a rook a lesson on the field or a cocky vet.
that stinks! Is BTR going there this Summer?
I LOVE YOU!
My gynecologist thinks I'm a dude.
but the commercials **during the play** are very annoying
They were looking for your "Future Parkhurst Fan" t-shirt! Thanks for that wicked Q&A w/ at on Sunday.
Go team <mkcs
So many people that I am a lucky girl and they are right:) Because I am blessed#Talk SHow # Entertainment
that's good. I'm glad it did.
How bout those Hoosiers?!!!!
A decisive Football victory for Homecoming. So sweet. Love & Honor!
Thanks lady! Did you have a good day?
don't let them do it, that's an excuse to buy a new tool!!!
A person who never been to church in they life ain't scared it's a difference in saying you believe and actually believing
The and joint conference is officially underway!
Cat + darkness = speed bump
If you ever see me in line anywhere, do yourself a favor & don't get behind me cause I pick the worst lanes EVERYTIME!!!!!
Great ads make bad products fail faster.Buyology
Ive only fell in love once. Any one care to make fall in love twice?
You'll probably miss the simplicity.
A pal just recommended "powerful and moving" book Escape from Camp 14, about escapee from N Korean work camp.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions :)
When I did it I woke up in the middle of the night and was so scared because I was hearing voices....
OLPC laptop designed by the current #bib11 speaker! OLPC now has a tiny plug in book server that stores 1000s of e-books-500 can use at once
do you know who's at the other end of the thatcamp info email address? i haven't heard back re: thatcamp web hosting
#BigBen is active... Regardless, I bet his rape total is way down this game.
We all know u were secretly hoping for that! RT : Just googled "nude boots". I got a nude girl...wearing boots. Fair enough, Google
Yep. Working on it right now.
OK. Good point.
If you can't wait to see The Hunger Games in theaters Retweet!!!:D
thank you :) love to see you again in the near future .
a checkered flag finish? That or an appearance by Ricky Bobby.
Headed towards Burbank for an interview for a script reading internship.
Happy Mothers Day to the best woman who carried me for 9 months in pain who loves me and always will I LOVE YOU MOMMY!!! <3
SD! wins Best Screenplay at the Oaxaca Film Festival & Best Cinematography at Newport Int'l Film Festival!! Congratulations everyone!!
yes! Hahah & he's used to me fangirling over singers.
Even better!!!
huge shout out to for working so hard for me
Travel day to Washington, DC for IMLS grant review panel tomorrow
okay...then you can get him to give me a part in his next film!!
Bix Club Burger (one of the best I've had anywhere), Fish and Farm, Spruce (best fries ever), Wayfare Tavern
#BackInElementarySchool Heads Up Seven Up was the greatest thing in the world.
Me: I'm gonna start doing all my homework Next day : -sleeps all day, never does homework-
I accidentally tipped over the whole bottle of laundry detergent in the washer O.O (FAIL-PWNED)
- Funniest thing I saw on TV last year #TavarisJackson impersonating an #NFL quarterback
Watching Saturday morning cartoons
when i look at you..
Hi my love!!! Good seeing you yesterday yay!!! 💋
I need to stop tweeting when I've been drinking.
Southern cousin on my turf,1860 silk gown in the works, baby chicks break out, & awesome gifts for the seamstress that I am, so goes my day.
Heading to my first ever event shortly...much thanks to for making this happen... couldn't be more excited!!
people dont listen because their scared of lyers
You're telling me support my commander in chief when in the last year we almost didn't get paid and now you want to cut our benefits?
Mission Critical: How Translation-Focused Disease Foundations May Save Medical Research
is #FIERCE at 5'10, showing America how to "smize". She carries a #teamtallgirls card. Another ex. of tall at its best! Be Proud!
So happy to see this moment! Proud of our troops, but what repercussions will this have for our country?
Does anybody out there have a connection at Maaco, Earl Scheib, or Heritage Auto Body? We need our bus painted!
No thank you guys !! Arrived early at Fort Lauderdale! EARLY! Absolutely unbelievable.
If Gasol + Bynum show up every game, they could give OKC problems, especially with Perkins hurt.
Proper indeed...
haha, i just met this kid that looked like justin bieber. ;D & dresses like him too. but when i asked him his name, he told me to fuck off.
I don't even know what's going on! Just keep seeing my TL filled w/jokes about some song. Too tired to look it up right now :-/
Thank you, sir!
Take out at four, gifts from Dollar store & fly market at five, cheap wine at six, asleep by seven. Do my parents now romance or what.
Little website update, new Youtube account, a hosted & embedded video, Twitter update, Facebook page touches. G'night.
So I can only get an A in j201 if I get a 95% on the final, but if I get at least a 68% on it then I'll get an AB still.
Resident Evil 5 should never have existed and instead we'd get Resident Evil 4 HD.
your tweets make my day :D ♥
I'ma be all over my husband his lucky ass. Lol
Why do people call it a GREEN room when it's NOT green!!!
When people say "no offense" before they say something because they think by saying it they won't offend the person but yet they still do.
(1) It's a tax increase (2) It will have an impact on the behavior of those taxed (3) It a specific use that might not be the best.
Been playing with the beta if Photoshop CS6. This is a good version. Can't wait for the final.
.. You treated me like shit when all I did was be there for you :/
nevergive up on hope cause god is always here
Baron Davis gone have to retire
That akward moment, when you spill something at someones house....
Smoke a blunt then kick it like kung fu
RT : Luke pulled a lamp off our table this morning. I was getting mad, but then I remembered Dook lost - and you have
After Seahawks sign Zach Miller, get ready for plenty of Osi-for-Carlson trade rumors...
May 13 Amina Figarova sextet at the Bach Society in Half Moon bay, CA
Congrats Marina Micari at Searle! She received NU Alumni grant to Reduce Social-Comparison Concern in Small Learning Groups
Torture didn't find bin Laden, the Navy Seals found him under PresObama's orders to do so. He kept his promise to find him--thank you, PBO!
Go ahead and walk this guy marmol, no biggie
Under the Streetlamp on WTTW. This is what hell sounds like.
Tuesday, to coincide with us being the live board at Montreal140
It all started with a pair of Nike shocks.
I called you back and your phone was off! Call me or write! Otherwise see you tomorrow?? love ya broski!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 281
this is the reason I havent brought to court yet...i WILL NOT share my daughter
OK.....guess we will just have to go to grand rapids......see u there!!!!!
Watching Batman Year One!! Inner nerd is happy!
Done with the gym. Had a great work out! Heading home <3
no problem! I'll handle that!
RT : By the way... Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football!
'wendy's: it's better later' means it's better when you're drunk, high, and it's too dark to see what you're eating.
I think this piña colada doesn't have any rum. I think I'm going to burn a building down.
The essence of teaching is to make learning contagious, to have one idea spark another
If you got 50 Young Jeezy's in the game running at one time, How can the real Jeezy stand out! He will have to re-invent himself or retire!
Getting up in like 6 hours, still wide awake
no joke: just got a one-min play for ATL about this exact combo of ingredients.
Love FitSanDiego running club! If you are training for a 5k, 10k or marathon, call and ask fro Sarah F.
dirty dancing in the moonlight
looks like I picked the wrong week to quote from movies that betray my age
her booty got SWAGG !
Beer me!
“Things may come to those who wait, but only what's left behind by those that hustle.” -Abraham Lincoln
Listened to a guy talk about his crazy theories.
Who knew soror Eva Evans was an OutKast fan! Lol
Going to see tonight on sunset. Stoked!
Let the hate and pain fuel you to your success
When our dog is happy and excited, he doesn't "wag" his tail... it goes around in circles! So funny!
you're not alone.
# LOVE it on a thick Rib Eye (any bees really) add some fresh cracked pepper. I have also used it on homemade pretzels
Judo Chop!
omg.....that's really ridiculous.
Teleprompter jokes, birth certificate references, and neocon pro-Israel rhetoric just combined in a very strange way during Bibi's speech.
TRS 80 computer. Those were the days...
Domestic airfares hit record high in 2011
If you were hired to run a clients #Social #Marketing Campaign, what would be the first thing you would do?
Out Of Difficulties Grow Miracles
All this money and the money is the motive
on Portishead debut: even on songs w/o bass parts, other instruments take up slack and "those frequencies are never untroubled"
For managing to get paint on your bra while wearing a shirt & the brand is Lime Crime Makeup the website is limecrimemakeup.com
Got some Condessa Sumatra coffee beans and Thistle honey at farmers market today.
From 2012 conference: What does effective teaching look like & sound like? Audience: collaborative, student-led, & teacher facilitated
great article tks
Did everyone get what they wanted this Christmas?
Great line! Isn't it funny that the book isn't avail on e-reader?
Tweet #1, who's excited for me?!!
not filing good, docter in the morning. Do not like this Single thing going on.!
My question of the day...If you had to be trapped in a TV show for a month, which show would you choose and why?
hey :) how are you doing?? Are you going to start Live to Dance again?? :D
who ever retweets this shit i hope u fuckin die u pieces of shit
I love days that piss me off before 10am.
RT : B!tch, i will punch you by accident on purpose.
RT : Starting off my #FF with friends
That's my boy.
Hopefully all of the passionate progressives who didn't reach the finish line tonight continue onwards... we need them!
Meaning the writers, not the politicians, don't make much $, right?
Obama will give his nomination speech in a state where gay people are second-class citizens in part because he didn't lift a finger.
Thanks a ton! :) what're you up to?
Rainforest Alliance-certified small coffee farms in El Salvador +76% yield 2007-2008 vs. control group +22%
welcome brother from another mother.. :b
Girls are so queer you never know what they mean. They say No when they mean Yes, and drive a man out of his wits for the fun of it. -
Thanks Brad RT : So true! RT : The grass is greener where you water it.
Avoid eye contact with his neck-tie. I've heard things.
Jealously is just love and hate at the same time.
if the #Packers move into the third round I might shit a brick!
That sounds wonderful, I would love to visit soon!
Can anyone take me to school today?!?!???????
I like this song "Try not to remember" Sheryl Crow..So beautiful..
How I tweet my own line wrong?
Is the key understanding that SM is a tool to help not the answer when it comes to learning?
There's a movie on my instant queue about prison sex. Not surprised.
Oh lord idk what possessed me to wanna run a update on my iPod knowing it takes 9 yrs .
RT On progress: every little bit helps--and every little quit hurts.
Sign up for #zombie games in Shelbyville #Indiana @ Sheepish #Grin!
No feeling guilty! Today is a brand new day - no mistakes and no guilt - just writing! :)
Good things are on it's way... I can feel it.... YAY!
Way too long since seeing , a true mentor & superb communicator. Happy birthday Kathleen!
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me!
Thank you sweetie.
The #NFLDraft really begins at the 4 spot. RG3 is going next and Trent Richardson will go to the Browns at 3.
Head to Times Square tomorrow to see #Honda's new #3D #billboard. They'll supply the glasses to view the
alcohol completely explains this conversation
Pats. Eli sucks.
Happy Mother's Day to the only Woman who could handle raising the storm known as Me with Grace & Style! ;) Love You Mommy!
awe love you kortgirl
Pants. (But seriously, a nice shirt & pants. Unless it’s hyper-corporate, when I’d break out the suit.)
Win the lottery commit your life to Christ. Join us 4/7 with Fundraiser
Tell friends and fam to follow me on twitter! I am an upcoming R&B Producer
Everyone is at Albivi and I am just sitting here watching A Cinderella Story wishing that Vincent would be my prince... ):
PSA : All prime time programming tonight will have an annoying, obnoxious & probably inaccurate crawl, squeeze & banner. It's election day.
omg I can't even think about it!
Hit up for info on being featured on the Southwest Wire.
HEY. Hey yeah thanks for supporting me :)
Oh yeah Chargers football is back. Superbowl bound baby.
Thanks so much Andrea. I'm sure they're a good person, I don't want to get anyone in trouble, you guys are great.
Everyone go follow , please! (:
doing taxes on Saturday night - St. Patrick's Day is the worst idea ever. Then again I stayed in and had a #PBR with my pug:)
Rugrats go wild!
Listening to music on
Serious collective sympathy for fellow western folklorists afflicted with jet lag & up in time for the conveners' breakfast - 3:00 am
I need to move from the necessary to the sufficient.
Phone charger is jacked up
Cool, keep me posted on how you're using it and how it's going!
is looking for a #running coach in the area. Anyone have any connections or ideas? Email if you do!
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
Goodnight everyody and
Game 2 of semi-finals starts in just about two hours. Come support the Mavericks! (I have two extra 4th row tickets for sale)
i'm sorry, people do make mistakes (loads of them)
Economist #Allen Nevin gave a great forecast and detailed presentation to our Rotary Club regarding the economic Health of San Diego.
i'll try to keep twitter updated.
Who decided on the CC licensing? We're considering doing the same on a big digital local history project
I DO
Same here. Or lack thereof, haha.
it's muggy as fuck. not as nice as that made it look.
Chek or Big K brand. No doubt.
West Coast Swing is happening right now at Dance Bethesda. A good crowd tonight.
Downloaded It When I First Heard It Bro!
My tia replied!! :O
Shhhhhhhhh! Don't look like you want it, and it will come....
Dave Baer hauls in a long huck from Sean Murray; another easy goal. 19-14. pulling away
Waiting for the little one to decide to spring into action.
Sounds like it. That's my new favorite song. lol
The miles between us don't matter cuz one day we will be celebrating together again,
Charles Grant STILL WEARS WOOKIES..
don't do that to me either! #saddening that I wouldn't been able to a groomsmen lol
thanks man...
I thought we were past the whole 'being mean to each other to look cool in front of people' thing. Guess not.
Greensboro nc celebrates farmers, Carolina bbq at its best, chic smart denizend
RT : Great job
Today's #health #smoothie is delish! Celery, apple, carrot, tomatoes, yogurt & 1/2 c cold water. Freeze some #vegetables or #fruits for ice!
*People only see what they are prepared to see.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's been real for Amare
it's such a beautiful day
they gon miss this plane,...
DS: thats the fight we like to see Dickson!!!!!
Don tell me its okay wen its not
Watching "Golden Girls" before bed. :-)
- thanks for the RT -- best to keep regrets to very few -- they will bury you and you dreams
Senior population in San Diego to grow by 145% by 2050. Better make your museums accessible!
When life gives lemons.
Pumped for concert !! Thank you Alumni Association for free tix!!!
you're right! She doesn't!
where you been girl?!? I miss you'n shit!!
#FF Family food love!
Happy mother's day RT : Bergen just slapped me.
#KingsIsland40 the general
Anyone selling any land? I've got someone looking to BUY some hunting land around the Wausau area with a building already on the property.
Catch me tomorrow night at 10pm SHARP. All my NYC fam lets shut the place down!
*walking to your house*
I never believed in love at first sight, never believed until I saw you that night. <3
So we got them I talians,with their samba duo & the Swede. Golf clap everyone. Then I tip my hat & spark that dutch.
Yeah, people will go to great lengths to ensure that most precious of "rights". The Right of Superiority.
Stunning, you wonder!
ahh your human just we shall kill dragons at dawn :p
I'm alive so I'm doing well. How are you?
There is a book God!!! Both copies of Jimmy Carter's new book on faith are spoken for!!!! It's really a good read
@ another casting!! Keep it coming :)
Doubt Yes Less
I signed it #VerifyBrandonRoach :)
omg, lady, you always fill my morning with #TeamCallen greatness! Thank you!
me too.
Nice poke out by CP3 though.
Inspired me to make one of these. But how does this work?
oh wow! That is so great. With all of the options these days in education it hard to say no :)
If you love me help get #webelieveinmiracles trending.
its sure did, wore it already!!! I love it!!!
take your break, come back a beast!
Vegas people hook me up with a job in a casino
not 2 sure if i like the direction cod: black ops 2 is going....but hay....still gonna get it
": Yo do u have any music out ?? " <<< mixtape drop next week on
Did you find Hebrews difficult? I haven't started mine yet, nor looked at the prompt...
listening to the Coachella Set. I NEED to see him this summer LETS GO!!!
The Broncos best QB today was Carson Palmer
Wishing all of you a very awesome holiday season!!!
Met with my advisor today. She is awesome.
I think I've decided I want to be Cee Lo when I grow up.
IS THE BEST BAND IN THE FREAKING UNIVERSE!!!!
You RIGHT just like that
Love the 2-tone trend?? Try this awesome DIY from !
Glad #Weiner did not resign. I like that little freak.
Got beat up by my bike earlier, have a cut on my knee from it. 🚲🚲
SURF Report (Pacific Beach): 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
I have heard many ladies swear by it. Let me know if you like it.
farts smell like eggs and protein.
I love and at :RT , love that record.. love , love , love ...
Hey #FantasyFootball fans! The girls are here with Week 11 to push you towards the playoffs! www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
This fucking milkshake made me sick; i hate you Dairy Queen.
Goodbye summer, hello fall!
lol nun much jus koolin..hell u been up to
i just got attacked by a huge fucking beetle and i screamed and cried and ran and stripped any my neighbors are such assholes
only if you trend #LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D xx ;)
Hmm write about Foucault again or watch Made in Chelsea...?
Packers are finished
what are you tlaking about i see your icon every day
I agree on that it sounds really inspiring RT : Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal...
I'm happy now, he's talking to me(: I missed him a lot <33
I am looking forward to watching people run the warrior dash tomorrow morning. But not sure about running it myself...
thanks pal..
that image is too cute!
It’s Museum Month ! Spend the days visiting San Diego museums for a half-entry price then enjoy a relaxing dinner with us.
RT if you have never sent death threats to any of Justin Bieber's girlfriends, friends, family or crew members. ♥
SFO! :-D GONNA HAVE A BLAST!
hopefully I will see you on June 25 at
I will be there tonight!
Your callin other dude pretty as if you're not LOL!!
Its a LeAnn Rimes kind of morning
Volunteering should be volunteering, does not require government funds
I'm always making dinner for my dad 👦
pictures. Now. I need to see how much she "loves it."My dog would freak out.
In LOVE with Brooke's dress tonight on #DWTS results show! Stunning! :)
when are you coming back from seattle? p.s. don't bring more rain with you!
Mommy, Where Do Donors Come From? tells us like it is! Stop buying lists and build yours from scratch!
Oh ... Happy Mothers Day To All The Mommies <3
Still need plans for the weekend?? Go support your local black theatre
The capacity for silliness is a vastly underrated skill.
WTHeck? Is Royce auditioning for something? She's off the charts with this ish...I said I wasn't watching anymore didn't I...lol
What time you thinking? I would love to hang out!
Ceelo! You are a genius! Why haven't I thought of wearing silk pajamas to work?? Next time...
good night!
I'm getting better each day! Thankfully it wasn't the kind of surgery that requires 2+ weeks recovery.
can you follow me back...?:/
Happy Holidays! From your WebDAM family
Apparently it's purple top, blue cardigan day here at the library.
i live n vagina
My thoughts exactly! RT "YOU NEED A PRIVILEGED PRETTY GIRL?!?" Is she SERIOUS?
& the hoodie to match.
cheers to you!
Looks better now too.
This is the Quote of the Year!!! "Just once, I'd like a chef to admit to a "Sysco truck-to-table" concept."
o for masuclsnt
The intermittent wi-fi? That's my fault. I absorb electromagnetic energy to fuel the Tether.
I just had to get my final approval in on a scene before the end of the day! Congratulations again!
Trying to track down some missing issues of jrnl vols so we can bind complete sets. Hopefully jrnl eds can spot us a copy #wishfulthinking?
Yeah. I saw some of that last night. I thought the idea of livetweeting an opera was pretty cool...the execution hurt to watch.
Doesn't it also go down when there is a "State of the Union" address? Oh wait...............
9 more days of school. 13 in all. I can do this.
Nothin can get me down, nothin can knock me down. I stand strong, the Lord is with me
come out with your ladies in party
Spokane Chiefs can put away the Vancouver Giants tonight and get on to Round 2.....
She is. I texted her earlier tonight and asked.
Mumford & Children
Dear direct TV. I'm cancelling service today bcause has a rapper discussing sports.
Do I want to smell like flowers? No. Like Aspen Mist? No. Do I want to smell like a computer expo in the early nineties? Um, yeah.
Spending thursday at Knotts with with Nanda from Indonesia.
Beach Tomorrow :)
Releasing one, possibly two new painted chandeliers later today...
within the last 3 months, but my memory is funny. Any good article on the topic would do!
Letsall call for Carlos. GO. CAAAARLOOOOOOOS!
dang...with a dislocated patella, an ACL tear and MCL tear, Baron Davis needs to go on ahead and retire. smh.
CPS is on spring break this week, which means lots of free on-street parking! Woo hoo! Great time to come down and see The Big Shake!
I just direct messaged you.
Sorry about the multiple tweet, best friend. My phone is retarded sometimes. X(
Chugging along on our road trip. Just switched drivers. is at the wheel. Also, I'm hungry and bored already.
At least we didn't lose 10-0 like the
Say what you will about the GOP, but they don't start bitching their guy didn't also give them a puppy two hours after he made history.
CSNY is always hit or miss, but "Helpless" is such a bloody fantastic song.
I am a vocab expert, but does anyone have a clue what #boomshakalaka means?
The laundromat plays the best music so I'm the oddly dressed, singing aloud girl who is showing her underwear to strangers.
Watching the craziest show ever Dance Moms: Miami OMG this is so freaking funny!!;)
Damn..!! Dm me on here or inbox :-)
Crazy night with the desi kids. killin' it on the dancefloor haha
Little kids ask great questions.
Call me at (949) 262-0110 to find out how to balance your chakras & meridians by rubbing on energetic aloe vera cream on the right spots.
Learning about new technology through use of technology like Ipad games is COOL.
Ill admit its a bit sad but the privilege to sleep more than 3 hours at a time is nice.
Total Blackout is on SyFy.... Holy shit and there's asian twins
Check out this youtube channel for cool gaming videos. SRProductionsHD
depends on if they are my friend or not! Ha ha! Usually if it's minor stuff i attempt to fix it. If not, I send them elsewhere.
im excited to see you today.. yet i could also jus like..
#ThatsATurnOff when she says she is Confident... nah you are cocky
if they buy it
Stop complaining about somebody has 'burned' u, when u walking around handing them the match & gasoline! Learn 2 LOVE u!
I'll be sure to aim high after I graduate, get a job at LOC & ensure that jewel of a tweet is digitally archived forever ;-)
I need help writing a song!!
Angelina Jol-eans - n. - jeans that are just are just too skinny.
March madness for the next hour in math class.
killin it ! place is out of control
You need to know who you're talking to and remember how much i care...
there is no metadata, there is only data.
Have you checked out the new trailers for the NYTVF Official Selections on Youtube? #nytvf looks forward to being there!
Ok I will send over! Yeah I gotcha, that's all it is, is a biz degree. Not performance.
Ten minutes late on starting my make up. Blehhhh
I'll take you if we can go to the ORIGINAL Original Pancake here in Portland!
haha I'm okay year round!
#1DSexTape between Harry and Lou? Yes please.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
#hoodphrases word son!
It's not about where you take things from its about where you take them to.
Shout out to for almost giving me a heart attack tonight....
on the other hand, the "people coming back to town" part of that phenomenon is highly anticipated by certain people *cough*
It's no "Call me maybe".
u r definatly smoking hot! Everyone should follow if u like sexy girls!
and they wonder why the age of broadcast tv is over...
Yummy!!! RT : A Polito's favorite, our Buffalo Chicken pizza !
lolz..nope i never got anything..
I can't survive being a firefighter, I need to be a rapper or something
Are co's responding to your survey long-time users or new to SM. Being new to SM may skew operational vs customer emphasis
might be able to meet you real quick if it's early enough.
“: From your lips to God's ears. RT : Matt Leinart will lead the Texans to the Super Bowl. Write it down.” lol
Nobody compares to you.
Exactly.RT : Blake gets away with a push for the O-Reb, but you're not guilty until you're caught
Just dropped off my books to Juvenile Hall. is about to inspire 20 inmates to carry something different with them!
nm just revising my speech and u?
Beautiful and sad. Discovery final touchdown.
I had no idea that existed. That's awesome!
Soo This Is My Verry First Tweet (: Nice <3
RT : A great idea without planning, initiative and organization is just that: an idea.
Doesn't want to go to class :'(
Hey. When did it get cold out?
E.L. Or if, uh, you're too wasted to remember- it is not cheating. Because if you can't really remember it, it never really took
Thx Jim. I see you have a Nascar column? RT : “: Appreciate having on the show tonight.". Good show!
Random people alway say i look mean 0_o when you judge people based on their expressions, that’s facial profiling.
Dirty laundry is being aired
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers14
You had it right the first time...they better! Lol
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear all your moneys gone.
What the hell is wrong with me? Why am I so tired?
Anytime / every time! Stay in touch and let me know if I can every help out.
Year-end roundup ... 2012 focus
How do you spell chauffeur = :)
A #BFWartimeFactoid - today in 1951 U.S. paratroopers descended from flying boxcars in a surprise attack in Korea.
Just had THE BEST networking moment of my life. Reconnected w/ institution I started at Now at AAM.
Good morning!! How many Black businesses will YOU support today?!?
happy birthday indeed!
I have all the color taken out of my hair when I get highlights, LOL you're a writer you can use any word you want!
I'll keep it just for you ;)
I spent all of yesterday reading three Joan Didion books. Returning to reading the work of mere mortals today has been rough.
Brownies are being consumed, the Conversation is about to begin.
She came in the house like Shamir is outside I knew better but she was just so convincing lol
“: just shows people really hate Floyd. What Pacquiao said is way worse.” CoSign
That can probably be arranged! RT : any way for out-of-towners to get them?
I decided to start off the new year with a waffle for breakfast. I feel pretty good about it so far. I'll update at the end of the year.
What does it mean when you dream your in an obstacle course?
What a great night at Sheffields! Thanks to RUI and our readers for a fun night. See you all at Story Week soon!
To change is to think greater than how we feel - Dr. Joe Dispenza
Looks delicious. Are you doing Paleo?
C'est Parfait! RT My darling daughter bought me a bottle of as early Mom's day gift...such a good girl!
It's for a school religion project
The StoneAge boyz are rehearsing tonight... I'm bet'n we'll be hearing some new tunes this weekend!
There's still time...
I feel like Blanche is a mythical character of entertainment
Gnight talking it down
and have nothing to do with what we're suppose to be drawling. :)
Can't wait for Nashville
what's up skee
Am I the only one who is noticing that Roger Goodell is fricking orange?
i dont think so i return to at today
#ImThatPersonWho is really insecure and cries herself to sleep every night cuz she doesn't feel good enough.
Anytime Dude :]
Watching my baby Chris Paul play!
I need to start yoga!
hahah it was fun..... Until then!
I'm beginning to see that this town sucks when you can't get anything to eat at 11:30 at night. Miami is sounding better all the time.
One of the worst feelings is a sock that is wet.
: -- You are gutless. I will never give another dime to the Komen Foundation, or anything related to or sponsored by it.
Gomez fucked harder than a cheap hooker by the ump on that AB.
#arsenal fans can't even boo a former player properly, bunch of cunts
radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo. check your aol inbox
Join us Sat & Sun 12-6pm for Annual Holiday Open House. Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine & merchandise Sales, gift ideas & more!
Some CRISP trivia is coming your way! Stay tuned for your chance to win some free stuff...
It just really hurts when you're only 2 friends hang out with each other all the time and make plans while you just sit there like "oh hi"
hey guys! i think you should tweet us and tell us what to do with this page! we arent active enough! thanks guys! - Melanie :)
Know what's terrible about listening to The Beach Boys on a Tuesday in early March? Nothing.
What the hail? I'm 0-2 with the wildcard predictions! Both winners deserved it. Packers > Eagles tomorrow
Since only wants to state the obvious today (we know we're losing), I'll note the play of Devin & Hill who has dbl
His aggressive ass been on my mind all day. Smh
I have a huge ass.
Check out Gas Light Anthem. Rock.
The power comes when students help each other learn.
Roses are red, violence is due.
Ok, why does the guy have an egg?!
I wish it was a lie. It makes absolutely so sense, whatsoever. I hope it's an epic hoax. :-(
Unsolicited gym advice guy needs to be destroyed.
Rick Santorum said something offensive and made a complete fool out of himself? I am so shocked!
At home watchin the Saints game before i go 2 work
We let our in house sketch up guru know and he'll tweet you back tonight
Another flat! I wanna scream!!! 
yeah yeah
Heart to Hearts on an orange bean bag chair
Thanks love!
I did it. I broke down and added DVDs back to my Netflix account.
Thanks for following, Randy!
just heard on Friday night
So rumors are popping up suggesting that Parks and Rec and Community are goners. I'd say NBC would lose viewers but no one watches anyway.
yea it is!
one of those days where I just watch the You Go, Glen Coco! scene from #Mean Girls over and over again.
To all my Twitter Fam HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!!
It’s December, you know what that means? The Fremont Festival of Lights is getting closer. Dec. 9, 5-9pm @ Fremont St.
I bought my mom a kindle fire for mothers day and she loves it. Love ya mom!!
I like Charlie :)
I wanted you to make me smile, so I had no more tears to cry <3
Waiting for my credit card to list the transaction first, if it does, ever!
and then they start fucking your friends
We are now offering personal mngmnt services to All Pro Athletes! Plz call 201-926-6084 for more info
just got a demo of our music video, and its looking pretty awesome!!!!!
Thank you Lord for another great wake up
#modernfamily was Great last night! Also glad that #whitecollar has returned!
Just refactored MindMender for the #iPad iOS5 split screen view controller. Prototype is looking good and very user friendly.
RT : I've included you in my next blog story- 10 lords a Leap (year) ing <Awesome, Send us a link when its ready!
You defy conventional wisdom!! How dare you!!!
RT : OH: "There's no such thing as coffee that's too strong, just people who are too weak."
I need a 3-day weekend in order to recover from my 3-day weekend. SIGH.
The rangers could be better than the mud dogs were in the second half of the bourbon bowl
signed it :)
Do not fear anything. Be confident at what you do and who you are. And then... Have fun in the process!
I wasn't really expecting much from this ceremony for Wake, but wow that was pretty awesome.
The Israel Soccer League cancelled all games this weekend after a brutal post game fight between Bnei Lod & Ramat Gan
Why? It's because I'm not dressed like an idiot isn't it? Hahah
Currently in LOVE with "Daughter of Smoke & Bone by + can't wait for the next installment.
3 La Mesa citizens, including adorable, precocious 8-year-old girl, speak 2 council about adopting ordinance 2 allow hens in LM. Eggsactly.
I'm not even really a praying person, but tonight I am. silent request please
Haha you inspired me! 😁
I think that is mad at me for some reason I feel it in the atmosphere
Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone) should have been Cinderella's big 20 year comeback song after falling from their 80's fame.
I'll see what's up foo cuz I got a tight schedule.
Somtimes you just have grow a pair of balls and be a man... Now do it..
so what are the rookies wearing for the first road trip this year?
Waking up to two guys in our bed. ;)
see you soon hopefully Blissdom
Birthday licks get more painfully each year. I'm gonna need a cast by the end of the day.
Cool. Hopefully they were smooth about it and not heavy handed. Otherwise, good that they stepped up for their faith.
Always go with your instinct! RT watercolor is your middle name
Still time to make a contribution to the YSC & the fight against womens breast cancer. Riding 100 miles next weekend to support their cause.
You know, no matter day or time, when you get a text from it's gonna be good. L dot A dot.
Direct messages to you are "Forbidden" it says.
hey, I think your profile has been hacked. Got a few of those crazy messages. FYI :)
Plus, Bower can do only so much RT : ? not upset with trading down... But I don't know anything about these players.
Best Actor #Oscar to Jean Dujardin! Woo hoo! Merci! He speaks!
AH JUST SAW A PROMO FOR MY BABYSITTERS A VAMPIRE. new season this summer!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait!!!! :)
Info about upcoming signings will be avail soon keep an eye out here
Can I go home now thx
:( keeping good thoughts for your family today.
Adriana is making a twitter :D
RT : Miami next 5 championships...#period..... Stop the antics young fella lol not gone happen with KD in the league
One month from today, a new will be crowned. Who will it be? I can't wait to see another woman's dream come true!
They had better be INSIDE! I'm on my way to see them too and have developed early stage sniffles.
haha Michael's ice cream was the only way to grab her attention.
We might just head to Kohls.
why is he pissed? I missed what happened
I'm actually working on them. I love em all girl. Hott hott
"...and when you want to live how do you start, where do you go? Who do you need to know?"
Oil and tire marks be gone, so it was said, so I made it happen, and the freshly cleaned carpet smiled and let out a sigh of relief
this is very true
That's what's up, I have been reading every Thought into this Tour, Your a Good Friend will keep you posted-YoBoy-H
RIP DIDDLY DIP DIP DIP DIP IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY!!!
All the clothes at REI now have an SPF number. Really?
Haa nice it will be #epic RT " of course I may wanna shoot this masterpiece myself! TBD!
Oh Lord ! I'm tired of wagging my tongue with the tips of my fingers ; gonna take a brain-stutter-stammer-gossip break !
Know what's funny? Ppl get stuck on single issues re: politics. No one is EVER going to agree with you 100% on anything. Ever. (Psst...EVER)
have a good day!
What ever happened to curves? I'm sick of gaunt, flat women in pop culture.
signing off for 2 weeks, back after memorial day!
What's the point of using the phrase "I was gonna say" followed by what you wanted to say anyway?
The last day of ass
Hahhhaaa! it's okay white friend! :) LOVE you! :))
TY for following us !! Have a wonderful day! :)
Thank you Lauren!
Thanks for the info. I'll check it out.
I call dibs on not sleeping with
When I get new growth, my head be sore as hell.
<===blessings will come to u & ur family.
American Airlines seats have gotten smaller...I just know it. I know I've not gotten bigger.
this year was awesome :D
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW (: SHE IS THE MOST AMAZING SISTER ANYONE CAN WISH FOR (:
Party People El Pastor Newark. Thank you "Nuclear Harvest" for stopping by.
Robben!!! Keep it up!!!
um, youtube said i have 60 comments... i have 1.. imao
ew.. my brothers gonna be home soon.
": Dear Ryan Gosling, your face. I like that."
aight hit me
this paper sucks.
first 10 of what shirts? Haha
in fort Wayne next month
Spontaneously bought tickets to the midnight showing
When my dad plays Modest Mouse 👍
prefer challenged ÷)
maybe "enough" is not a quantity
#Bitches in
finna send it now
Following you back :)
Help us get to 1000 followers on twitter today...please RT this & help support the Sunshine Division during the holiday season
hehe. if i weren't at work i'd actually run out right now and buy it and ride around town :-)
Too many good things are happening in California! At this point it makes more sense to move back for the next three months.
Sorry about that Sydney. We are taking part in the statewide tornado drill. Hope the rest of your travel is more peaceful.
Thanks! Have a great weekend!
Leonard Polonsky previously funded digitizing, putting online Isaac Newton’s papers. "One is aware of the fragility . . ." Bravo!
hey hey hey :)
So you call me and despite that every cell phone in America has caller id - you hang up
I don't know what I would do without NHL
PPC Salary Guide via Infographic
Full moon and The Goonies at 8:30p tonight - do we know how to have fun or what?
Hey Bret! Yes, I'll be around the 17th-20th. Also, would love to catch up via Skype. Evenings are best for me. Give me a day.
Have you tried Tropical yet? Isn't chocolate wonderful? I love it.
rockstar life :P
Are you looking for the Hitachino White? Name your local distributor and we will have one sent there.
Just finished pre production on "Fat Pockets". Loving this song right now.
My stomach killing me.....can't wait to get off so I can go lay down.....
When you say you're going to do things, please do them and do them correctly.
back at ya dude!
Wishing everyone a Happy Spring Break
Need to make nice with my stomach... it wins.
Lookout Miami were coming for you! GoKnicks!
Thank you! Hope you feel better soon!
mikey it didn't take me anywhere??
Playin on Craigs List. These missed connections are hilarious!
We dedicate our work today to the two KIPP students that passed away yesterday, says
Team sleepover with the palatine tourny champs
There's a happy hour going on near you, right now... let us help you find it: www.gotime.com and www.gotime.com/mobile
Two dollah High Life's all night here at The Grape Room. Get here!
Did I hear a Hurricane is coming? General and Roofing Contractors here. www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344
I was a teenager when it came out and it was definitely lifechanging, lol!
You don’t need an exclusive broker to sell a property, but when selling off market only a fraction of the potential buyers will be reached
At least I've got loads of to watch. #Glorious tonight. Seriously, love them all!
I cannot sleep to save my life right now. Good thing I have a lab at 9am...
Jemele, I want to debate Skip Bayless. I'm not a celebrity, but how do you become a candidate to debate? Any suggestions?
GOOD LUCK! and all the other madrigal singers! :D
TIME IS LOVE BY JOSH TURNER <3
thank you so much for tonight! Was a blast!
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME no papers dont care working wall street
The world is always small enough to run into people you hate.
some dude on ABDC was just cooking! Haha
I'm offended to not be important enough for this list!
Ready for early morning chat, need be sleeping..smh
They are doing the Riggle in the streets of DC 6 in a Row!!! go nats!!
Smart MT : 502 at my "Team behind the Team" dinner! A gesture 2 show how much we appreciate all the people behind the scenes!
be there around 930 if it's cool
Not feeling so great. Sore throat & bad headache. Been on the couch since 3:00 and its not helping. Not good!
Niggas thought they had Hell Naw she mine she locked dwn she ain't goin nowhere yall just the side line Dick I own that pussy
swag let's kick it!
Oops, that seemed strangely Oedipal
Welcome to Twitter!
No problem. Here I got all excited that you were hitting on me but it turned out to be spam
used to live in Atlanta. Nuff said.
Being forced to watch slam dunk contest ugh
Back to work now lol. Ugh all these social networks and XBox live are so addicting!
Newt's gonna head upstairs right after this presser and masturbate to We Bought a Zoo until his dick bleeds.
Awesome, thanks
“: Cock RT : what did u have for breakfast?”<----hahaha
#jobcreators RT : It's hard for companies that have closed their doors (10,000 of them) to report jobs numbers, isn't it?
I just imagined being #snookie's kid and now I feel really dirty.
every guy has a hoe on the side...
OKAY!! In a heated discussion... Does SANTA CLAUS give wrapped gifts? Yes / No ?
Good luck tonight!
we're good just trying to get more people to check us & the video out haha
Dear world, I woke up on the wrong side of the bed at the wrong time. Thanks
Atlanta is in the building in this new video for "We In This Bitch," DJ Drama's new single, featuring Young Jeezy, T.I.,
If the Mighty Mighty Bosstones aren't in your top five ska bands, you need some help...
#signofthetimes #NCAA infractions.College players getting paid from agents/ schools(oh,wait)
haha well, that's all that matters in the end :)
Everyone wants to keep their home secure. It’s the reason we lock our doors and arm our security systems. But did you......
thanks for the follow!
How many of y'all actually worked for Vector tho?
If it starts to down pour during our Group Senior Picture on the quad, I say we all take out shirts off. That would be fun no?
After installing IntelliScreenX, my springboard crashes every time it tries to initialize.
oh i'm thinking of !
Jessica sounds almost like Bey.. I'm shocked. Nice sweetie. #Idol tattoo your name across my heart
Beautiful day in Brooklyn
Miles Davis for being the 1st rock star, Dave Matthews Band for their DIY initiative, & Duke Ellington for being himself!!!
when you got dudes battles at 1mil and females battles at 50,000 views, how do you justify that??
Congrats to TY Hilton
m purse so good
you know I'm not sure, first name is Scarlet but everyone assumes it's her last - I can't remember where Will comes from
you bring The Clap outta nowhere I be dyin'. Cats at the job be givin' me the O_O face all day.
Your target consumers will not stampede to your website, bc they do not know it exists.
So excited for tomorrow evening's "Kill Bill" marathon! Bring it on Quentin!!!
<3 RT : Your mistake does not define who you are...you are your possibilities. -Oprah
The Lakers are really good at home. They win games 3 & 4 then Thunder close it out in a close game 6 at Staples.
feels like the longest day ever...
Tonight @ 8 The Historic El Rey Theater
RT : #Taurus loves sex, so you better fuck'em good.
I really want to go to a Justin Bieber concert.
Quick! Better reserve a seat at a Romney rally, those livingrooms fill up real fast.
all i want is for the state to be back on netflix instant watch again. BEST
I'm considering trying out for the Jets Flight Crew dance team this year..
omg who told you that? how did you take that comment? so bizarre
I feel so alone. I love you so much never forget that.
Up! Doing some laundry, then off to to volunteer mid-day.
Ditto. Don't they know writers are tech-incompetent? If we weren't, we'd be working at Apple and have much better job outlooks.
Because I actually kind of like a lineup of Ichiro, Ackley, Smoak, Fielder, Montero, Carp, Wells, CF, 3B, SS
Also, I don't get why I asked for plural. I only need it for me....
America embrances mediocrity.
Why were you doing it? That was stupid.
youll make it as long as u get to the gate w shoes off in 12min lol
I'm just so glad that I saw my most favorite Metra locomotive today while at Roosevelt/Grand. I <3 YOU 210!!!!
www.panemoctober.com :)
Happy Birthday Chad
Stadler: Warhol in Popism - mode of listening as quantification, the ability of songs to be collected in mass form
What would teacher education programs look like to prepare teachers to teach 21st century skills (e.g. )
April Fools joke, right?
“: As you are now addicted to twitter ;)” nothing wrong with that though!
Oh my, it looks like is going to slow jam the news on tonight and will play new music!
Listen to mustn'ts, child, listen to the don't. listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the wont's.listen to the Never Haves...
crazy right?
Kennedy says civility has limited role in political discourse -- option of violence keeps playing field incheck
The membership component in your version of KidZui is optional and is actually something we'll be phasing out in the future.
You do good work, but crazy when lightning bolts and slippery barnacle encrusted rocks get star placement in you vids.
Tonight at Koots was quite possibly one of the funnest nights I've had doing standup
thanks Joey!
After a spirited series of volleys down the stretch, St. X wins 2nd set 30-28 and takes a 2-0 lead over Trinity in the volleyball match.
Hello To All my new Followers , Hope you all have a wonderful week<3
website isn't working?
Just filled out a W4 and signed employment papers for the first time since 2005. I was a HS JR working at Staples.
thank you for the reply. Look forward to reading it!
Kick off at West Brom, lets go Arsenal!
super good y tu :b lol
yay i get to go pick up my prom dress later :)
Spending fathers day with my daugther!
blah.. when will i ever not be sick
Thanks for retweeting us, Michael!
is that article for real?
clocked me in my chin!
Benching V. Davis was a great idea. Benching G. Jennings bad idea. Oh well hopefully my rb's pull some points
Be grateful...
I wish I could read minds .
rappers are gonna start adding that 2 their credentials...*how many n*ggas u kno crashed datpiff 8 times!!*
I'm also convinced that texting has led many young people to believe that short stupid bursts are acceptable in business - wrong!
looks like the next Rebecca black
Cat: Watch me eat. Me: I have work. Cat: Watch. Me: What do you think buys that food? Cat: *nom* Me: Your belly shows this isn't a problem.
Today is the day for NFL teams to tag franchise players? Think #Packers tag Flynn?
Looking forward to dinner tonight at The Grille at Morrison House !
I wonder what bat Maysonet used for the grand slam. Didn't he break his bat on one of the pitches before he hit it?
Will do.
Fan hit by Cuddyer foul ball. Hearing fan was not hit in the head.
Heading to Mountain City for my sweet Mamaw's Birthday!
I'm really surprised that Paula was fired from the x-factor. The best part of the show was seeing Simon and Paula together again.
let a loud one rip at work today. the kids laughed. i don't care. fart, fart, let it all out, this stank is what im talkin about.
Free Samples!
GA will lose at least two major power plants in the next few years. Lose over 10K jobs and see elec rates go up by 10%
Stuffing goodie bags for Thursday's KSC launch #Nasatweetup. Cool stuff.
24k to Paving Company in MT
very strange, trying to fix that now. It won't re-upload for some reason.
"Malkin for the score! Scratch my back with a hacksaw!" --#Pens sports radio. Now tied 1-1 in the 1st.
S/O to Brittany's nasty pancakes she made at work!! LOL
and also just entered BluePrint Cleanse -- I'm a winner! pick me! See you at the shop til you drop fest!
Thursday is Green Energy Day: Sun! Science Theater, Garden Tours, Solar Talk, ElectriCITY, Green Energy Art Garden Artists and much more!
Stephen Hill!! It won't happen tho
ima go see you fuck shit up on friday, we gotta chill like the old days lol
you only have the hunger games?
do not know if I saw it, but I'm there?
Hey :P
Man: "Will you marry me?" Woman: "But I'm in tech!"
Pretty sure to my immd right forgot a minor detail this morning ..a toothbrush...his breath incredibly horrendous...
Yes, exactly!
Aww...It's OK, little buddy. You're still A in MY book! ;)
Check out our Buckeye Pancakes: peanut butter pancakes with chocolate chunks! www.eggfast.com
Somehow the idea to watch a classic: "What about Bob" came up & now we are pulling out the archives getting ready to have a giggle fest!
Start the week off with a great Chi Cha happy hour
Braves win!
I love Siri, but sometimes I feel like Jackie Chan in Rush Hour screaming, "Do you understand the words coming out of my mouth?"
Sorta. The principal figure in both photos was Jude Law.
#ConfessionNight I never ask for age. If she looks old enough, it's going down.
They won't, sadly.
have fun for me while you over there n congrats on ur success ma
I love to go all night, we rock the boat
Morning commuters really appreciate it when you honor their song requests.
you should be thankful you have one no matter what x
I feel strange not writing on someone's wall for their birthday. It's there. It's announced. Even if I don't care, I do it. :)
How's New Mexico? Hope you are enjoying! By the way, I'm part of Shakespeare in the Arb (for the June shows).
Also " renee from mob wives" looks like the grinch" lol
so true!
Congrats man. I already got it. Nice work. :)
Earth Wind & Fire SB Halftime 2013!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for all your support!
#faveavenger either Hulk or Iron Man
BOOM...EXACTLY
thanks for the FF :-)
not so fast! We need you!
listenin to mr jones preach in african american studies club lol
miss you lady!
I just love how Penis claims to be her own inspiration. Anyways,#teamspringroll all the way. <3(:
Hoping and praying for the people in Dallas area. Be safe.
What a great set of games yesterday! Can't wait for tonights matchup! How'd everyone's fantasy teams do?
i didnt know you were an OKC fan...last time i checked it was the celtics
Lets go and that nickname was pretty whack..
The paper was laid down okay, removal may be a different story. Haha
just consider all the ppls minds u messed with. What a child,grow up. This should be a crime.
Congrats to Colin Firth! What a well-deserved win.
Keep hacking away, my friend. There's not a good poet who hasn't gone through these spells a dozen times.
RT : INTENSE! Love it! THAT was amazing! #Icried #thebigmeal ”
at cafe cordiale with my sister. the bass player is killing:-)
Dood! Shit mane I work Sunday nights and I'm not out til 2am or I would for sure be there homie
Pedicure with my besties :) happy last day of sophomore year!
<3 i miss tweeting you dylan:(
Best Commercial of the night( Audi Vimpires) Loved it, had me laughing
Come on
that is so true. What would I do without you as a friend? (:
this is a good game
Yeah but security was after me and there were meddlers I never liked that show and always hated Howie and Sharon a real bunch they're dicks.
45 mph on a skateboard is better.
I remember when I went to Italy with my mother & grandmother, we never knew who the guys were hitting on
Let's get high school drunk. (;
Yay! My fav!!! Thank you for the bday wishes. Hope you are doing well!!!
Presented by Rick Burnes, Inbound Marketing Manager at HubSpot
cynthia already told me you guys are meeting at 9 right?
Eating Salt And Viniger Chips So God......
Ok facebookers lets show some love and support......get your copy of Sentenced At Birth!!!!! Amazon, Barnes & Nobles and Lulu.com
Bout damn time there's a Bill Russell statue in Boston...the man is a living legend.
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION? lol, I bet you screamed in your head when you read that (;
yes indeed!
u to emotional fa me right now. But Dat shit is a song on da damn 50cent movie freak.
somethings we will never know !
I don't play that many games but I was playing Marvel Vs Capcom at a friend's house. But my favorite game is called Uncharted 2
Why Ice Cream of course, we serve some of the best Ice Cream in Old Sac. Everyone should come get some.
I like your denim underwear.
Happy birthday to the creator of #StarWars, George Lucas. What's your favorite Lucas #film?
lol I'm dead serious...but the killer part is it was shot in Santa Monica
-Preciate that bro. Im still rockin that Trilla joint too on the tape.
am in jail... Call my office if you need me.
Thank you much!
Kentucky needs to suck it up. Its a shame money will ruin a rivalry.
did you get my text? I need help, hymns...
Thanks for the intro!
TY for shout out
just great.
#Grizzlies Z-Bo shoving Blake Griffin for the technical...better cool it
aye what u know bout that?
Family and I were at Bdwy show WICKED today- thank you for a Great Performance -the cast was Phenomenal!
MT : Focus on OPEN data too narrow? To maximise use 4 public good & protect respondents should we be talking about ACCESSIBLE data!
. To enable customers & community to solve probs: broadband, data, metadata, open source tools, social media, ID, trust
I get the need to let students have a safe place to lodge complaints, but some kind of dialogue would be appreciated.
That's last text just made my day!!
I love
The Universe is the best. I'm so psyched for you!
Cats will be the hardest zombies to kill, with their -9 lives and all.
For the first one it's the sun.
Nothing to do today.
I'd like to request "Young Homie" by #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
Looking forward to getting a "boarding pass" to check out 's new Titanic exihibt!
Hello hooker! Ready to gobble down? Some turkey that is! Oh yeah! FTW! lmao
yes ~! got ur email about 2 pen as we speak *and stop changing ur name so much. Thats 4 times today
no plans? Come visit me.
I still need to get on that book. Keep hearing great things about it though.
Is that your other half or your other third? ;=)
#nowfollowing and TY for favorite-ing our Tweet about #autism books!
and really just spoiled me with Insomnia Cookies. They really know how to treat a man. AAayye :-):-):-):-)
Nice trailer, that looks awesome !
. how does it feel being one of the few people to ever be in jail with George Clooney outside of a movie set?
Cracked salt & pepper chips are delicious & addictive. I could probably eat the whole bag and hide it at the bottom of the trash. Probably
Where is the one place in Milwaukee every Milwaukee resident should experience?
The golden shovel has dug the first scoup breaking ground on what is to be one of the widest used photo voting contest systems in the world.
Dude, stop lecturing me on how to fit in while in a foreign country and not look like an obnoxious American!
2012. Make a damn decision, & pursue it relentlessly...
Muggy out for no reason
so maybe I won't be going to London after all....at least not for the same reasons...meh.
I'm "ME" & sorry but there's NO WAY you can change that about me & I damn sure don't care if you like it or not
NATIONAL TV: Tune in to Fox College Sports nationally Wednesday at 7pm ET for an hour of SL - Spring Show & Be A Fan!
~ No! I was waiting for confirmation, & scored a meeting with an ad agency exec. about doing some regional ads! Its 2/28!!
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities in MI, USA! LetEmPlay.us
Pullin on my shoulder' but cant hold a soulja down with ya, Colorado Kings aint the type ta share the Crown with ya
Aloha! How you doing, my busy, awesome friend?!
My dad and i jamming out to young wild and free Haha
yeah its delicious! i need more things to go with it though.
no she got the joke right lol..... Still extra salty
Shorts weather. Bleh!
Well, she loved the rain more than just about anything at all. The way it washed her clean, the way it cooled everything off.
oh James..I love ya buddy!!
Motivation is an important key so im motivating me to get off of this thing and go the hell to class...
"Look at how loose his pants are!"
UW Men's Basketball team takes on the Indiana Hoosiers tonight...Who's tuning in?
Three great singers join In celebrating Mercedes Ellington at 52nd st jazz fest. At 6th ave. (antoinettemontague.com
Acoustic Stickam show tomorrow night! Hear songs that you have never heard before:)
so nasty dude.
Sending out emails to coaches explaining why I'm not playing college soccer<
i love!!! No really i do u stole my heart can i have it back plz u no wat keep it
RT : Just got a note from saying how much they love THE KENTUCKY DERBY cover! In stores now!
Have any dinner plans yet? Stir fry and strawberry frozen yogurt pie. Hopefully pictures to come!
I will be there keeping score, and secretly cheering on Garrett. Well, I guess it's not a secret now.
Lol Idk who you are dude..": I just left Seattle. :( we should have kicked it."
I am sensing a trend...same vibe at #PLA12 (for those paying attention)
the Coast Guard's Golden Bear is docked with 300 sailors in for some training. What uniform does it for you ladies?
nah was just listening to makedamnsure :)
ooh sneak preview of usa.gov redesign
I fail at spanish omg
More back to school audio up now in Samples and Drops! Check it out on #productionvault!
it's a rap
For all the PTs and PTAs out there... Limp to the side like your leg was broken... And let's test your range motion...
Welp, I am checked into my flight to Boston. I love the QR code text tickets. Great use of a QR code.
/rant over
Got a 8:45 AM out of Phoenix for Newark NJ
doesn't like to tweet me anymore.. <|3 yeah it's not okay :(
To do; Creative Writing paper, Outliers essay, AP English worksheets, & figure out how to get my Hope for Haiti track onto facebook. Meh.
I like Double D's She like Double D's, shorty can't lose, she play 4 both teams
Have a great start to the week today New York! Spring is right around the corner so enjoy the beautiful weather!
That I watch Cougar Town or that it moved to TBS? lol
Yes EAM! Don't leave your computer up & eat power-ILS vendor sftware requires tho-must change!
Great to re-connect with today. Looking forward to collaborating in upcoming weeks.
My life is a constant battle between my love of food and not wanting to get fat.
Fresh Flowers from my Company for Admin Appreciation Day!!!!! :)
"Your music is suck!"
Ooh...I want minions! That sounds awesome. :)
yay for you!
we use google apps here at trinity, too. so good.
-stares into the air-
Hoping he's able to celebrate it at Opening Day in St. Louis.
Oh man. I feel like I was hit by a car . I fucking hate being sick >:o
haha as long as youre not the one holding the popcorn in your lap
What are you grateful for today? I am grateful for you!
Anyone else notice that google maps has renamed Belair Rd to "W City Ave"? Is this true or is this a glitch?
SPORTea of course! Iced, because the weather is still warm enough.
Alright, heading to get my back to back 8 & 7 hour shifts on...
False. “: 8 hours in a car to Phoenix, dodging snowstorms, you know you love it.”
my nephew is fab
congrats! Yes! We are now ONE union!!
it's the cold medicine talkin...
please renew #Sanctuary .... Pretty please! Good writing, amazing actors, wonderful show... Come on... It's a no-brainer!
I would love to I just don't know if I can what u getting
what do you think about the internet situation in Lebanon? Why does it take so long to deploy decent Internet ??
no not yet do you know when they go on sale
I'm bored
Been on facebook and twitter for 7 hours straight(:
They should rename the "Best Music Video Award" the "Best Music Video Not By OK Go Award."
Break Legs! RT : So excited for a big network pilot workshop today !
An arrest was made on that case and it's pending trial. Thanks for asking and enjoy your Thanksgiving.
I'm so fucking sleepy. I wanna go to bed. I fell asleep in Art. I can't keep my eyes open. I need energy.
sure has been a lot of drama in the mayor's seat! RT : I just ousted Suren D. as the mayor of Pepino's Mexican Grill
What tough life :) :) . Keep it up. Thanks for your art and your humanity.
Thx so much! RT : #FF My buddies want u 2 enjoy #ABQ by slowing down & renting a #bike. Take a tour w/ them 2!
As we say our thanks this thanksgiving, know that we are thankful for each of you!
You like me out of all these people? And you're actually kind of cute? There must be something wrong with you...
Right back at ya!
it's good!
Boy, this crowd really hates Scott Barnett. He's pushing for reducing busing and the crowd's not happy
Wishing a very Happy 22nd Birthday to "Twilight" star Kristen Stewart!
I'm good 2 thanks (:
Damn. I was just getting into the music.
my grandpa is talking about lake geneva ! your coming with me this year :))
Sometimes in politics one must duel with skunks, but no one should be fool enough to allow the skunks to choose the weapons.
haha made my whole family Caramel apples... They were onions haha
Right back at ya!!!
oh mah Gawd!!!! You did not just say that lmao!!!!
Probably not going to live tweet the school carnival. Just saying.
Love ! Emailed them about a great new feature, and they responded w/in 24 hrs w/ a very nice thank you. Love when companies listen!
#scc75 so much fun. I wish I had touched base with even more people.
Hear, Hear! RT : Just like athletes receive media training, perhaps people need media training in this new digital world.
Watching jersey shore. I don't give a fuh
Excited for the Opening Night of the Hunger Games tonight and not afraid to admit it!
both are stacked with NFL talent. Bama more senior prospects this year.
You are aware of film "Farewell Etoin Shrdlw" about last days of hot metal at NYT? Would make great double feature.
lol u a fool
timber wolves!
that'd be some hot sex
okay good!!
Damn #NuReligion This Beat goes hard. Best work in a while.
You're taking a class in geospatial imaging? As in...remote sensing?
Some one please shoot me. I am so bored.
Why is it I can't stop thinking about you? xx
You're back ?!
I love it when they call me Big Papi...Congrats to the new MLB Home Run Derby Champion!!!
Happy Friendship day to World
Billy Preston: Outa-Space!
I need a car that is amazing. Suggestions?
pls DM us your contact info and we will figure out the ticket situation. Sorry about that!
Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Intuitive Surgical, Leggett & Platt, Bank of America, Morgan Stanley and ...
Today's tip: the benefits of exercise include having more energy, sleeping better, increased stamina and increased endurance. Do it!
just stopped by to hang her painting, and it looks amazing! We can't wait for the showcase tomorrow.
No school tomarrow again! Ugh
Move should be named the Big Air Fakie to Frontside Face-grinder... And it's worth more points the farther you slide.
This shit crazy...im really seein this shit for real
followed :D
We're happy to be partners with ! Thanks for your help to make #Chicago more sustainable!
Thought you were in bed?
Please follow me back ? I love you so freakin much ! XX I LOVE YOU !
Mirror on the wall, here we are again, through my rise and fall, You've been my only friend <3
2012 is the year of Event Dashboards. We have less money and time to do manually what can be automated through online services.
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks they have enough.
this guy is booked all this month for shows at The Cuff
If you're free today would like to connect with you around GeoTrellis. Several more reqs for BOF session too.
i hate first days.. i'm so freaked out about tomorrow.
I'm up but headed to the gym. Get rest don't let those Lakers bother u. U got em next time
#milwaukee Live your passion everyone! Stay Positive and keep moving forward. If you live what you love, nothing can stop you!
pull ur battery it'll fix it
I like my music real loud, real loud.
did Amare play?
Absence of disease does not define health. Pain free does not indicate a lack of dysfunction. Get a preventative exam!
WATS GOOD YOU A 5 STAR BITCH I SEE SHIT WAT IT DO
I had no idea he was here. It was an expression of me being surprised by learning Tim Tebow was in fact here.
Im Still Heree You Just Gotta Hit Me Uup lolz
Listening to the #PartyRockAnthem at work because my boss and I have it stuck in our heads
Me...Me! Don't know why I haven't connected with you on this yet! may want to check this out too!
Pierre Corneille~ Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead
is looking at photos of Sugarbear.
RT : I like ur technique as well...do u mix at any clubs out here?...I move around..I'm at the parlor tomorrow
So excited My Mother's Day gift is here from My Son's School!!
quarters tonight @ 7....game face already! ...should be a good night ...stay focused!
Stop flaunting your vagina around.. I know you have no good aspects but really... you're a little fishy.
there is always a frnd dat is there to support u
. I am saying it is two good shows with a turd in the middle.
Apparently I have family in Canada. Fuckin radd
Business owners can maximize their budget by carefully selecting contents that will make their customers
thank you <3
Going into subway & forgetting your not wearing a bra yolo 😂😂
I hate when I'm around a guy I like and I just can't stop giggling -_____- I seem so stupid and girly
Plan to watch the Super Bowl - with every Giants jersey & every Giants score get FREE PITCHER OF BEER!
I hate this feeling....:((( somebody cheer me up please, crying on the inside
There is something in me that reacts negatively to the word "foodie."
Lol. that song is fly :)
Like big butts? You most likely have pygophilia, the sexual attraction to butts
Ha! I thought it was going to be a drawing your daughter or son. Not so much. ;D
S&amp;P 500 Annual Meeting Calendar, Week of April 30 | Living ...
I almost kicked out last night for the same thing!!
lol alright..I don't think ur going :P
Anybody stepping through the Water St. Project today? Anything going on during the day?
These donuts finna get wet
..from saying that yes a similar cultural moment will likely appear. But will still photography, book or digital, ride that wave?
I wish i wouldve saw your eye freckle..
We're going to need to appoint a Meeple Wrangler.
U like who u like. Don't matter what ppl say.
omg ME TOO! Jef with one F! And the fitness man. Die.
I'll take that anyday! up here it's 36 out!
a rock got stuck inside one of the wheels so they can't be used anymore..its a hard subject to talk about
Insecurity will destroy you if you let it.
Highlight of day so far has been watching a squirrel tear ass across the Church of Murray backyard during the deluge, all "AH FUUUUCK"
