the feeling is mutual. Thanks for stopping by!
Thanks. Always a good time in Philly.
don't we all!?
Dinner eaten, homework completed, halfway through The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins. The rest of the evening looks nice and easy.
it was a bad day
what's the other account
Gospel at the Gallery Memorial Weekend May 26th. Yes! I'm there...where u at?
NO. Heidi Klum and Seal cannot be getting a divorce :(
just something i could see u saying
Jamming Hello Nasty. I will not cry. I will NOT cry.
That's for an older version of the bill. New provisions change the pricetag
This shows how low of a priority our justice system puts towards sexual crimes against children... Read this article...
Nothing hits the spot like a heath bar blizzard.
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Just found out, my son is ranked #2 in his Senior class!
All the really big decisions are made in the parking lot, put the live feed there
Who has 2 thumbs and is bored out of his mind --- THIS GUY
TRUE! I ain't been on Tumblr in a minute.
lol guess we think alike. Haha
Hey dudes. I just finished a new song tonight. I'll have the link up for it later on today ^_^
I can report, without dithering, equivocation or false humility, that I am not a graphic designer.
I strategically was waiting for the big 500...so what do I win is there a prize :)
I know, right? That Pictureplane set had over 6000 invites...for a loft party. Sometimes, a little exclusivity isn't bad.
I only speak the truth. About myself that is.
I like to secretly split infinitives.
You the best
All these doctoral students and their fellowships make me so maaaadddddddd. Grrrrrrrrrr
I popped u in ur face lol
what are my chances on getting accepted into these universities?
its been so long!
hey betch next time you change the paper towels put it in the right way lmao
Nevermind, twitter is evil enough as it is. We're 5 hrs into the 16+ hr drive to Aspen. Another CO sunrise coming up!
"The Son of Man will come at an hour when you do not expect him" (Luke 12:40)
$11-$13 hourly is not a living wage in Chicago.
dude, good luck at court!! I hope all goes well :-(
Y the Laker Players always Gotta Take Their jersey Off! Lol
yaleclimatemediaforum.org will post major ocean acidification piece, video w/ Florida Keys Santuary Director, elec cars. v hybrids analysis.
Haha, yes, for humans the older you get the funnier your shake face....
I think you do!
Just taped a very insightful podcast w/ Working on getting it posted in an hour. Writers and baseball fans will love this.
we thought so..=)
Wonders how many of u would stay with a cheating spouse...?
In the office early to take care of a few things. Leaving early so I can go to #MDFF12! Seeing THE SOURCE @ 2p & COMPLIANCE @ 4:30p.
rocking my today(:
u said that is everyone here make believe? Lol
Just returned from on 23rd ~ so so good!
Article 2 almost done. May the copy editor gods be kind.
I'm so glad to know this as a former child mind wander.
just held a Walrus's penis!
I got a couple new btches shit i got two or three.What they do for free ? Everything they do for me.
it was a mash up of "she sells sanctuary" by the cult and "good feeling" by Flo Rida.
LET'S GO KINGS!!!!
What I really want for Christmas is for Christopher Walken to narrate the complete works of George Saunders on audiobook. Make it so, world
you can't make that weak of an argument. WHERE abroad would matter a great deal.
Great foul
Nice work!
I hate rain.
Need some fresh canvas to apply some ink!!!
Harper just stole home?
m.o.b
hello please follow me :))
Back to Nashville I go. On hold for another job. :-) Woot Woot!
Shopping at target w/ mother in law: I need to say more. I do. But I can't for some reason.
Ugh yeah. But there are more and more of them out there nowadays.
just saw this - please email so we can make things right with you!
.I was 40 weeks plus 2 days :) she was 2 days late...!
Good work Tom! Did they catch them?
Good luck to my boys and in the finals of the Sirius XM Host's league!
Have some magazine photo shoots in the works!
They play it so much the letters are falling off. RT THE BLACK KEYS - IGHTEN UP
If you were arrested for kindness, would there be enough evidence to convict you? ~ Author Unknown
the man came home early 2 check on his little scraps. i let him look at the paw & give me extra head scratches. free of charge.
watching #cheaters!
Anyone been to Ramrod in New Orleans? When there, I got off at least 6 times in 3 nights. Best was running my cock up a hard muscled ass.
How we perceive a situation and how we react to it is the basis of our #stress. ~ Catherine Pulsifer
Go ham when the beat drop!
Soundproof Room by Eller Varner is my new jam
Digital Domain Media Group to Present at Beijing International Film Festival
gmorning yall did everybody sleep well
APPETIZER CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
#understatement RT We need bullpen help.
New From Ed Dolan's Econ Blog: The case against the charitable deduction.
hahaha!!! Aahhh the visual is wonderful...thanks for that! I hope that dream comes true for you!
it's not my fault I like the damn guy...
My nose hurts from that stripper beating me with her tits.
yep! Very close to where I live now. Palms, Mar Vista and Rancho Park areas of LA
jealous! Oh how I miss those omelets and crazy juice concoctions :) cc
Wow mini heart attack.
Yum! Thank you for coming out to be a part of Fashion for Compassion
My baby is officially a college graduate!!! Woo 👏🎓💜
Victor Cruz's VALENTINE'S DAY Acting Class Special 2 for $30. Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave 4th fl NYC Tonight 7pm. Have some fun tonight!
If we cant hold each other accountable in love, then we cant be friends.
Need to get to the studio like. . . . NOW
Seeing couples argue, makes me not want to be in a relationship any time soon.
Oh bummer! We'll miss ya'll at the swap! Don't worry though we'll be back to NOLA in Feb or March :)
New side hustle .... Searchin
Im So Ahead Of My Time Even The G's Hate It, My Body Do Nothing But Urn Like Im Cremated
Do gators sweat?
I love you too Baby Boy!
"the three wealthy Crawley daughters, reared like veal, though sharp as vipers."
I swear, if I hear one more person talk negatively about libraries, I will give them my best librarian stare and shush the shit out of them.
twins v tigers one gm playoff amaze! tonite..twins v yankees 6pm..then aimee lee and jazzilla @ diaspora vibe 7pm! then 786 @ purdy lounge
Kid to dad: if they put a commercial on tv, it must not be any good. If it was good, they shouldn't have to advertise it.
So I didn't make the cut for , which is a bummer, but I totally respect their decision & honestly, it was much fun to even try.
Come see us at lafayette square...we are set up at the thank you event!
Hearing the sad news makes me tear up :'( We all loved Malachi and now he is in dog heaven <3
Off to what looks to be another amazing Toastmasters meeting
Energizer Bunny arrested. Charged with battery.
I'm DVR the show at home and then watch it also at work! Double ratings!
I look forward to the time when we routinely talk about "costs" & we are not talking about dollars but costs in human suffering etc
Please vote for the public option. Some of your constituents support it STRONGLY.
hahahaa x noppeee :) x just little old mee x
I sawn with the dolphins in Atlantis and it was one of the coolest experiences I've ever experienced. I highly recommend it.
My judgement of music is really low right now....
Thanks for the follow!
Just seen the Barlow dunk. Sullinger should've immediately substituted himself out of the game.
RT : With Over 50,000 Hits In Just a Few Days Us Over at The Donut Fresh Factory would like to Thank EveryBody For All......
Which college #mascot will bring the most ruckus at #MarchMadness this week?
Recently, strange desire to consult the tarot. Laziness has kept me. Temporary fix/impulse buy/happy medium: lifepath.me
Any horse that likes cookies is okay w/ me - too bad I didn't bet that way. #ohwell MT I'll Have Another wins Kentucky Derby
another weekend going by; story of my life.
I like 's 70 best outdoor blogs list, but why no skiing blogs?
Anyone headed to #FMC this week?
TiffanyParkerMusic :) Im so glad I can jump in on Instagram now!
YOU'RE an amazing barista.
Always was soo amazing!!! Finally Caskett!!!! Can't wait for next season!!
I think it should be anywhere in fl
I started losing a good amount with betting. So i withdrew today. Won more than i loss this year. The $$$ I withdrew will go to la savings.
Of course my pal Monica Day is exempt from all criticism of morning news - cause she rocks! She's a St. Tims Fest dunk tank Queen!
yo what up Spenspen!! I'm in Vegas! Should be getting US phone tomorrow so buzz u soon! Hope u had a RAD thanksgiving :)
you're not lying there my good friend.
Why am I always tired that I sleep so much
Sure wish was open & efficient like Foreclosure doesn't take a break for turkey and dressing.
Happy Wednesday! Hope your smiling today 😃. RT me or Follow me
um...what's gs?
Please check out and join our LinkedIn Group - British Expats in New York City....
LMAOO, so my sister and I were doing sit ups and it was starting to get intense. And out of no where she yells "HARDCORE!" wtf?! Lol.
#DesireThursdays- come on, give it to me- i know you got 'em....what do you desire today??
Ok that was pretty damn funny!
#AGuyShould leave a 'good morning beautiful' text. It will make her day.
! Haha ok good! :) just makin sure!.
Ugh I have no idea what to wear to work today...
Many museum high propensity visitors are "connected" (broadband, web, mobile) so there's just meeting consumer expectations
I'd be a morning person if morning wouldn't start until I woke up...
2/3 of the way through "The Uncoupling." So far it is a wonderful read!
Cost to change my flight on American Airlines- $750. Cost to cancel my AA flight and book flight on Southwest- $350... Hm what to do?
L'Enfant Ficellenians, Sharing lunch with you, it was as nice as the day was.....GOURGEOUS!!!!!!!! Enjoy your weekend!
Oh my god, why am I so hungry?
Halloween decor buy one get one FREE today at both stores! We're not open Mondays so its your last chance!! Last minute costume items, too!
Thanks Blake! We all need to celebrate soon!
Packing for CA!
I made ur dp bigger so ya love me!
maybe he was just lying to start out with...
I don't think Our Hero is available, but we can hope.
Intoxication my voice box rocks the nation/ street affiliation, the doe or die situation
had a horrible day and this definitely just made it better.
Honestly, I'd prefer "beautiful" or "pretty" over "sexy" or "hot".
Need your bicycle fixed? Every weekend Bikes del Pueblo is teaching and fixing bikes at the City Heights Farmers market on a donation...
I had the brisket sandwich there. It's legit
I want one!
maybe look in your DM (direct messages) ?
Omg Joe on Kevin's twitter. LOL. Joe, wanna hack me next? ;)
Duck you ducking autocorrects
#Hockstar wants to know, "Where were you when Derrick Rose tore his ACL?" Out 10-12 months... #HockstarPresents wishes you a speedy recovery
Why thank yew! x
doing laundry and cleaning my house. i love when everything is clean :)
great seeing you! Fun to put a face to an email :) Thank you for coming, hope to see you soon
Time to gett TOWW UP with Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
da coldest bitch on twitter hands down idc wat nobody say OMG LOL
I hate to tell you this but that show is fake. Hey but the playoffs are real!
RT : The Obama Admin has agreed to our coordinated health care model in OR. Could save us $11 billion over next decade...
peanut butter on a toasted bagel...yum
I think he just didn't want to confused you two ;)
Thanks for following. I'm happy to connect.
The future is exciting.
MTV was looking for 1D fans to interview & they are just gonna interview about why we love the boys !
Live life to the fullest there are no limits to what can happen if you put you heart,body,mind and soul into reaching goals
“: Music , take me somewhere please !”<~ everything ok
Wish I lived Japan I could have all the Japanese food I want.
Just seen on tv that some 2pac's ashes were rolled up n smoked with some bud!?!? Really?? #FactOrFiction??
It is a sunny day, but the hip hop and R&B from 777 5th Ave is far too loud, the whole block can hear it.
Where is the best pizza in Denver?
11 AM works for me. : ) I can DM you my contact info.
Thanks for the follow-back, Lesley.
I talk as I sketch, too, in order to keep their minds off what I'm doing so I'll get the most natural expression I can from them.
since the most famous people on dancing with the stars 2012 are urkel and gladys knight (sans pips) shouldnt they rename the show? (really.)
yeah she is :)
WHY YOU NO TAKE ME TO AUSSIE WITH YOU? (:
Hi there , Great time w/family, hope urs was too! :)
thats awesome. hope you can keep it going. get a few in a row.
u still waiting? : Waiting to hear from the White House on the President supporting or not supporting Congressman Charlie Rangel
Happens to the best of us. At least you probably won't have to go back for a while.
Can't wait till the day I divorce AT&T
You're my favorite muppet.
I dont smoke the bud unless it comes from Cali
/// Your team lost.......get over it. Its just a game. You're not on the court, you're watching it from TV. Chill.
You say it's to late to make it, but is it to late to try?...
thank you Lisa. Been disappearing! You are welcome.
#ColoradoRockies win again!!!
Looking through my #itunes trying to figure out what song to listen to first on my Any suggestions?
something clares I think! I googled internet explorer song and poof there it was lol
if. you have. an. Android u. will. know why. this. happe.ns.
I enjoy playing wordfeud - missicetee - hey, no crazy people though!
I'm not. that girl can sing!
yes, in fact, I AM 5 sucka
I like drinken on Boylston St. Boston during the day during the week.
love u too cat!
Better pencil in some ebola in late June and some H1N1 for August.
Wonderful, thanks! You?
Just watched the One Thing music vid in British Literature with !!! AMAZING great job !!!
15 minutes until "the lock"
Thanks for the tweet :>
is just getting home from work. grrrrrrrrrr.
Ha! I remember that one. So. True. It amazes me to spend time w/ some friends & fall in love with their kids & the family dynamic..
Kimchi Bowl lunch? It's a Wednesday "Top Choice"!
I'm sure 75 of them think they can.
some cheer leader but it didn't happen
they would be so cute omg
that wasn't someone pouring water on rocks in a sauna? Or u peeing on sauna rocks? Or the sink?
#myfavmichaeljacksonsongs are all of his songs #heisTHEMAN what is your favorite?
before the first of may
I felt the same way when I heard about local Harry Potter themed improv.
The Tenderness of Simmered Chicken
Straight up
I'm digging this ending to the Grammys.
Who should pay for photography/video of a listing, agent or owner?
The one thing I miss about living in PGH-I didn't feel I needed mace to visit the public library.
Looking at a potential gut rehab in Newbold.
So happy to have you in the office
i know you do:)
Crazy has alighted. Praise. The. Lord.
Bro Courtney :O
Why Thnks QT : I love u all
Can't wait to see at warped this year! These guys kick some serious ass! Seriously, check them out!!
same here. GO PACK GO
I'm snowed in and I'm out of Its going to be a long night.
Someone far away is thinking of you..
Weeks' issue this season, to my untrained eye, has more to do with his bat's lack of time in the hitting zone.
i think some bit me !!
Some1 (correctly) points out Ann Romney has never had a job, every Dem in world has 2 apologize. Nugent calls for Obama's head? Yr move GOP.
I will anchor.
“: SHOUTOUT TO MY LITTLE SISTER MAINTAINING ABOVE A 93 AVERAGE THIS SCHOOL YEAR !!!! Whoot whoot ! Love you baby !!”
nice! Great beaches up there. Have a blast! !
Seemed like they had a bunch, and they're all specialized. I'll have to explore more. Watch for my report!
Need some plans tonight? Head to Eddie George's Grill for $2.25 beer of the month!
McGhee: "Close your eyes and see the world you want."
Patiently waiting *twidiling thumbs*
morning sunshine
At the Paper: Pressed, Stained, Slashed, Folded at MOMA. So excited!
when i heard ur song on the radio i was all who is this?? When i foun out it was you i was freaking out
#CNN: Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are" has died. He was 83 years old.
Absolutely. Couldn't agree more. “: - trying to remember clutch game where make/break call went our way.”
I really like your style!
Spend your time wisely, life is but a dream
Greetings! It's s pleasure to make your acquaintance.
anything by John Mayer.
Hi V. Checking to see if you get this tweet since you are new to twitter. How are the boys?
I just got Rick Astley'd by Gotye. Dude looks nothing like I'd imagined.
Idk the exact temperature of "hot as balls," but I'm pretty sure my room has reached it.
8 years ago today I became a father! Happy Birthday to the sweetest little girl in the world! I love you Kayla!
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the place to be.
yeah we I was weRteamBeadles I think I changed my twitter name so much! XD lol
yes it was.
I'm gonna be a nervous wreck next week when they announce what's been renewed and cancelled
TY #FF Have a good weekend everyone!
Time out!!!! Did use a new word "MindState" ? Sweet!
Susan, you will be missed, but it will be great if Leah gets to come with Laura!
sorry for the late reply, still having problems?
butofcourse. i wish you were geographically close, lol..
Double M I got G's out in California.
it can work
Awesome! Thanks! I dig Joe Purdy too....
I hate the rain!!
Even after I speed by a cop, and he doesn't pull me over, it takes me 15 minutes to finally believe he won't.
Marshall and Branch in a landslide. Decker's value is limited with Tebow at QB
real tired colorguard practice -_- wore me out
Tough times never last, tough people do
MY BODY IS READY
im not getting no msg from you.
Everyone vote for Jessica and Joshua!!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you a virgin?
#Christmas Cards are going out of stock fast but we still have some Assorted Xmas Card Sets that contain your favorites:...
Thanks for a lovely evening! i LOVE that you can have food delivered! Great way to have "dinner and a movie (or two!)"
gotta have MKG on that roster
Purely Decadent coconut ice cream is so good!! Have you ever tried it? Dare I say it may even rival cows ice cream?
The moment where cognition precedes physicality...MindFirstFitness.
Thank you for the RT on Mike's blog.
In the jungle. So many frogs & sounds I've never heard before.
RT : Hey UT! Brown bag it today over to at lunch to see the UT Chamber Singers 12pm
run baby run where ever you'll be.
it's all good
my first pick or the 1st best day of my life? Lol
More I enjoy
I still dont see why. But I love you 💜
Congratulations and bright sparkly wishes for your future adventures!
So I'm moving to Texas for a year...
My mind is at war with my lonely heart. Time passes & only hope remains. Will I ever find peace of mind? Will my heart ever be satisfied?
Create social groups through social platforms to reach people who would never go to your church #wfx wfxweb.com/live
apparently there is an show at the art institute of an artist who dissects and displays security envelopes.
So damn excited to listen to the new album. I needed this!
#Idol shocker
that is true. I'm biased, but still doesn't top who is looking dirtier and better than ever with his facial hair.
c'mon like heinz even if he is evil
Wise people in history never agree with ideologies that deprive, impoverish, or dehumanize anyone!
Happy Friday! Thanks for the mention!
its not like youre actually gonna follow me so no
Selena Gomez: Who says you dont pass the test? Me: Coach Hill.
Breaking: Komen realizes the country is bigger than Texas.
lmao ! you actually did it ? ahaha !
Kinna miss you:-)
At George Mason"s 40th anniversary gala at the Patriot center. They are the nations best growth model for a university.Two words:Til Hazel.
ill text you it.
Got a valentines day card from my mom... I've been caught up over hoes, but the one girl who will never leave is mom
How well does your team work together?
Summer work? I dunno. The past 15y of my life have been education. 15y ago I worked restaurants. I'm old for a summer job. :(
up early and my timeline is dead. gonna surf the web for a new j-o-b
Anyone in Louisville?
Dreams come true with space and time.
text me
Its a sad day .... its a sad day. I'm just glad I didn't waste two hours in San Lorenzo waiting in line for the losing ticket
Nicole are you following me? I can't DM until your following me...
how much are ringside seats
yes this hurts but it must be done
there are so many people on my TL that are bullshitting ..
Camera Fun Time: find 2 people interacting and shoot. With or without their permission up front makes a big difference in how they act.
Thank you.
Why can't things just work out
I'm free Donnie McClurkin! Free from that HETEROsexual demon that had me bound! MY TRUTH SETS ME FREE.
Thanks, been sleeping all afternoon. Working on getting back to 100%!
We carry Bertch Legacy, Custom, & Bath. We also carry Wellborne Forest & IKS
RT : SDSU station closed while bomb squad reviews suspicious package. Expect to reopen 3 pm; buses providing service during closure.
I hate when people tweet the same crap over and over again,
Kept going back and back and back lol.
If you buy the Galco copy of the Supertuck, you are dead to me.
I got hair shit lol I'm broke
there will be a recording, i'll post it here when it's available :)
QUESTION: is there such a thing as a ginger inspired lip balm?
Thank you! Very interesting-librarians need to know what's being taught or we can't help.
about to enjoy a delicious steak dinner with the mark
Im so hungry..i cant wait to get out dis hospital
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY..
I texted him to do it when he wakes up and he replied fast so he's probably up
...im trying to sleep you hoe
there should definatly be a butter named after me because im so smoth xD
she deserves a good slap!
yes, yes. Need y'all out here :-) a lot to ask, hope you guys do
thanks ma!! Lolling bc i read your tweets in your voice
Thank you!
The bond I have with my siblings is arguably the deepest most profound love I've ever felt
I need to hang with my besties soon!
Without cheating, who knows the name of Cheerios' bumble bee?
There are times when I wish the world was my punching bag.
Woo... Amazing song. Amazing energy. Very marketable. Inspiring story. You got my vote!
Headed all da way back to work for a safety briefing while I drive bk in da rain, ain't that sum ishhhh
im all day nigga AM to the PM
CW cancels 'Ringer' and not even a word from Sarah Michelle Gellar. She's silent. Vibrate.
Its all good cause im bad, i just be fallin' for the wrong N*ggas.
please clean up your mess. thanks.
finna start smokin papers sike papers all day blunts is to much
All you wanted by shows so much of what im going through right now..
Root Sports across NW and for everyone else: MLS Direct Kick or MatchDay Live online RT any way to watch game outside of Oregon?
"I be up in the gym just working on my fitness." #Kick + #Punch =
YES! Battledecks is awesome fun!
I'm beautiful in my way 'cause God makes no mistakes..
I think George Takei should be in charge of something.
we host a Rays watch party every game...come check us out when in town...new hot spot for locals! GO RAYS!!!
yea that would be bad
One who is too insistent on his own views finds few to agree with him.
and beer if u have the tits for it
Awesomest name for a painting-- "Battle of the Nudes".
Friends are like bras. They are close to your heart and give lots of support.
chicagobulls Thank you for everything fans. We all know Chicago has the best fans in the world!
have any extra tickets for this weekend? I would love to take them off your hands!
Friends who keep secrets<<<< WTF
smashed it tonight. Damn.
Why yes, internet stranger... it is. Is yours?
...and now our plane has a fuel leak. the waiting game continues...someone owes me a cookie.
Yeah, I found that on XWT a few weeks ago.
you're welcome! I bet you never got over 4 likes before! Love u!
Please follow me:D
yo. Why didn't anyone tell me peezy was on TV today? I thought it was tomorrow smh #fml and he's hoopin+trending?
We discussed the ways in which race was both performative and ascribed, as a critique of the Rational Actor working in markets.
#Thechangeup - Mitch to his five year old getting bullied. "Put the whore on her back, and shank her!""Always solve problems with violence!"
and people are rocking here on W 6th! Packed house. Tacos & Beer.
Tim Tebow is gonna drink so much..........milk tonight.
i wanna go to the loop this weekend
This is NOT Castle. =(
Twitter test
yeah that works to. :)
Camp weekend! Time to get better! Peace Love and Pride!
What happened to ur dog shabbir....Why isnt he barking...?
Problem with pacific timezone: if I stay up that little bit later, I get all the UK morning news. But then I wake up later 2moro
or do.. anything
Collection is FREE OPEN ACCESS download (pdf), but please consider buying one or more physical copies as a donation towards future projects
Please, VU, end this DeMarini madness and sign with a real bat company next year.
it looks so bad -- really sad because I loved #SweetHomeAlabama so much
talking to my cousin
As long as foods involved, I'm fine w/ whatever :)
I need more examples, syllabi for incorporating #dh into grad courses. suggests grant writing.
This is the point that some would say "this a brand new ballgame", but that makes no sense.
lost a bet
Definition of hostage: Given or held as security for the fulfillment of certain conditions or terms, promises, etc., by another.
Of all the incentivized states, I wonder why I haven't been offered a job in Georgia or Louisiana.
Went to buy gloves 50% off. Cashier run up full price & asked if I wanted the left or the right glove.
I'm always up til like 2 am. Damn
Getting a mortgage can be tough these days -- even people with near-perfect credit
Spotted while enqueued for the previously mentioned concert: license plate "MINKCAR"
MQFTD: Life's most persistent and urgent question is... "What ate you doing for others?" ~MLK
I wish was here with me right now!
how the F do you make those collages? I just got instagram for my droid but am clearly missing something! Oh, cool, btw.
It's sad how quick people can just forget about you, until they want something from you
If you like teh laughs, follow these five.
If you really are tough theres no need to put on a front
i'm not able to watch my brother's show so you need to for me. abc channel 6 news! be dazzled by his producer skills.
Pumped to hear is coming to The Palace May 23rd!
That's awesome.
Can't Wait To See All My Friends, I've Missed Them Like Crazy. =)
Nah, that's believable! You do look 20ish.
Really not liking this game. Come on BRONCOS!!!!!
1 serving oatmeal, fresh black berries, and 2 egg whites. Now off to M6. Elevate!!!
James Harden in a Rockets uniform. So nice.
Lol Phil got my man Jeffery he must have read my tweets
via funny JS hacks, the average bib record payload in our catalog is now half what it was; and fewer redirects. And I like the tags better
The best part of new album is they didnt try to conform to whats on the radio. They just made good music.
RT if you are excited of #Believe || keep scrollin if not ||
More surprising: #Discover integration into #PunkinChunkin or 2 hrs l8r I'm still watching #PunkinChunkin?
Hawks helped him to look THAT special. Still waiting for Hawks to shoot high short side. No rebounds or traffic. Not smart.
Have fun and enjoy! I thought it was aweeeessommmeee!
We're developing curriculum at Pitt inspired by DIL work - train the trainer. Liaisons key.
Back in the office and so ready for 2012! Lots of work, trips and concerts to look forward too :) Happy Tuesday everyone!
Monday 2 marrow:(
"don't flaunt what you don't have" the wise words of aubrey
You're my moon, my stars, my galaxy...lol.
Join us at the Tutt Branch every Wednesday in March at 10:30am for Storytime! Ages 5 and younger.
Slicing, dicing, chopping, and whipping up dinner.
Christmas Break Is NEAR! Lol, actually, PRETTY NEAR. Just one day until Christmas Break and that day is...........(Drumroll) FRIDAY!. =] [=
Taking a nap before work!
Y'all are saying stay safe because she has a restraining order on someone??!? Who we should be worried about is CAITLIN! ugh smh
Free favorites from the Mac App Store
Had an amazing time at the Metro Leadership One Day! Thank you and host !
Yikes, one is more than enough for most.
Yes! +1 on the library coffee delivery service!
when it comes to the man running our country and no one can give a legit answer on where he's from. Its a problem
To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace."
DALLAS AND FORT WORTH ARE TRENDING! Come to our #BlacklightPartyOct22 and bring your high school ID, follow to win tickets!!!
Translate the passion you have for your own success, your own products, your own dreams & goals�
Mixed messages - social groups encourage participation in social / political / religious online, but not jobseekers nor businesses
Awe, what the heck? :(
Very impressed with the intelligence and commitment od #dailyiown editors and staff.
Happy Easter everybody !
These tweets just made a crappy layover so much better! :-)
haven't followed your background, but how hard it is to switch from c+ to a java based language?
Medicare or a diabetes association offering "free" diabetic supplies in exchange for senior's Medicare or financial info. Please alert!
We agree! Ignacio's a gem.
RT : PREHEAT > Miami heat
Hey Doc, Do you have a cure for the Lakers? Or are they #plagued !?
Like Boca the fake chicken, because that sounds fantastic.
Hey, I can't buy the little trees but I can get the other supplies.
Congratulations! RT : UCLA Library receives major gift for project focused on ephemeral media of Middle East...
Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers. ~ Mary Tyler Moore
Whatever holiday you celebrate this season may you enjoy the love and comfort of your friends and family.
I am the Lord your God who upholds your right hand, who says to you, "Do not fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
jahaha school is just weird. Well my Internet is lagging. Bye
If I was made up of alter egos, it would be Joey and Phoebe from Friends.
Sounds like a plan! :)
Tired of #sunsentinel never highlighting the #flapanthers. Quit buying this paper til they give the prime space
got to follow us! Our biggest Twitter accomplishment yet. Thanks for the props buddy
I say with everything. and just scrolled down your TL, and I'm puzzled how I didn't realize that sooner.
i can make a mess like nobody's business...
22 year-old roommate failed my 7th grade Ancient Rome test. I can't tell if I am proud of that, or scared it is too hard....
Hey Tasha FOLLOWERS:)
ha bootleg heating pad! I forgot! U saved my life last time! Lol
At a supporters meeting for
Miss her!<3
#ThingsIDislike when ppl stare. Did your mom teach you any manners? Speak or something dang.
rec was good 6-2 pretty good for a bad night
Noticing that tweets my bestfriend & not me <<<
I thought the ELO station on Pandora might be totally awesome, but I was so, so wrong.
This nigga IZ in my basement sleep like a li'bitch.
Amazon Fresh is a better alternative
I know! I was just listening to it!! :-) I love Maroon 5
I wondered about this point--who is choosing the selection of books on these tablets?
Thank you, IRW!
Today, May 30 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: Josh & Rebekeh Weigel | Producer's | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
ya know what its called when a chick shows up drunk and climbs the fence at Tommy Lee's house ?? Tuesday
Not having Facebook feels very strange.
Fly you fools!!
When someone asks you to tutor them an hour before the exam. Just say no.
#ItSeemsLike hella females going gay. Im sorry i cant NEVER stop loving Men (:
take notes or tweet it for me. I'm in line for book signing. This line is DEEP!
x)... Lmao i was bored so i grabbed tape and ducttaped it to the wall xD... Yup
Ima make her a card that says happy mothers day in macaroni lmao
lmfao nah niccarash I'm renting one lol...u should do it!
Check out: Freelance Hair and Makeup Studio $99 Brazilian Blowout ($250 value): www.dailygroupsavings.com
Judge Payne: "There is no rest for us in this field. It's not going to slow down. We must learn to manage in and during the chaos."
: very carefully. As soon as I make one, the zombies try to eat it.
When life gives you Austin Mahone, take him and run.
This is the way my PhD coursework ends: not with a bang but a whimper.
xD I don't know ?!
#OnceYou the only thing real, you the only thing fake
Oh, I was. I'll shout next time I'm in Dville.
hoe/housewife, double-life.
I love laughing till I cry, which is everyday of my life.
TRSDAILY has a new interview. jordan talks about his tumblr! like he ever posts stuff. liar!!!!
I love that is a mark!
Homeward-bound for the holidays! Austin - here I come! Happy Holidays everyone!
And also: is it possible to out-act Guy Pearce?
#iLikePeopleWho dflflisfifjdsvfsilfjisfdjifsfijsldfsdijfnvvnsdjlld...and keep a conversation going like this for hours. <3
Hey Lebron's Mom won't have to go far for some action this weekend.
RT A few more tickets to our Off-Menu Best of Burger Bash tomorrow were just released. GET EM QUICK! ThrillistNYC
Probably would not end well ..... I'll pass. BUT THANKS!! RT : Try a shot of Jack in it......
idk if we are talking about the same thing
hey did u take wiz verse off his song or was that his song and u added ya verse?
Yep, definitely agree. They said it burns faster I wonder what the net environmental effect is taking into account shipping etc.
i'm with you!
Love is always worth fighting for.
Fuck bitches, smoke weed, eat cereal.
It came with this microphone I bought. Sonic? Something like that.
TurnToYou on the #BelieveTour is going to be like Up. He's just going to have a guitar, floating around the audience. Touching our hearts.
What All Fortune Cookies Should Say: You are about to take a dump in 10 minutes.
once again. He's the most powerful man in america. If he has the balls to say it then other politicians will too.
CLG is a little cockeyed!
#TouronFire is going to melt faces in Nashville tonight. Do you think they'll notice a tour bus sneaking by security to watch?
One of those days where I'm not motivated enough to work on the #dissertation, but not motivated enough to do anything else, either
I can talk myself into almost any multiple choice answer.
6 turnovers Kobe really ... Juco guard playing ass nigga man.
Looking forward to the #draft starting tonight. Can the #Bears get a first rounder right this year?
If no one knows who then their crazy! He is a amazing singer! <3
Big ups to - named NLL's Offensive Player of Week ... and - named NLL's Rookie of the Week.
moi aussi! x RT : I love coffee shop music.
NICE 😃 & yeah, you can come over on friday!
#Stocks close out the worst week of the year. #Dow loses 1.5% for the week. S&P drops 1.9%, #Nasdaq slides 2.2%
so do you need seo help?
RT : Headed to Nashville to write another anthem with ! [always a great write with U, Chaz!]
Where are you?
Hi my name is Amy .
Yo that nigga' nice. I was fuckin' wit his lyrics yesterday after I saw some of his music videos.
Damn, Felix Hernandez is really really good. 5 k's first time through the #Rockies order.
there's no where in the world i rather be than in here in my room dreamin!!!
Ah break time! Now to wait for my Chinese food
What are you doing tomorrow?
I'll be in L.A. 18-21. Will you be there? Text me!
it should be on next "Operation Oliver"
Please let me know if WSYX is on Twitter, if you ever find out...thanks!
I'm using the View Later feature like a short-term bookmark instead of leaving 15 tabs open. It's great!
You must have watched another clip then. Make sure you were watching Bering sea gold not Vampire Diaries or something.
I'm NOT obsessed with him!!
#machinegunkelly I'ma wild boy I'ma I'ma wild boy
clearing queues, writing views, and looping do's in boating shoes
glad we're on your lips
Amber Kush, Strawberry Haze,Jamacian Gold Bud!!! Whhhheewwww...I'm jii turned on thinkin about this new loud!!!.
a few places are closed, but Joe Squared, Liam's, Bohemian, Windup and others are all open.
pretty sure he apologized for those Rodgers reports anyway. Maybe the thing he made up about Brady Quinn playing?
This is great news!
as in Latino art networks and stuff, which is my day job
Window mannequins. Get out of my face. I think you're rapists and am arming myself with pepper spray. PREPARE TO DIE.
I'm so excited for today's Roger Neal Style Beauty and Couture Suite! Get your beauty on at the L'Ermitage Hotel in Beverly Hills all day.
Thank you so much! Drop a line and we'll grab a workout
Shut up! Karl Rove is upset because POTUS is being presidential? It's only taken 3 years for Obama to reverse 8 years of failed GOP policy.
I can try.flame live in his own world tho.lol
It's I ♥ GT Week! Really, we're not much different than most people you love. We appreciate flowers, chocolate, and large monetary donations
um txt back
There are better ways to get my attention than throwing a rock at my window... Maybe since the window is open, saying "hello"
Life does not come with instructions on how to live, but it does come with trees, sunsets, smiles and laughter. - Ed and Deb Shapiro
"Midges" mentioned on the YES broadcast. Take a drink, Yankees fans.
You should join my group on Linkedin ThoseInFilms
Does #facebook ever give a reason? All I hear is "shut up, it's not like you're paying for it" :-X
*points at Hulk* Hulk you smash
Oh God, barfing………….
I bike LA! I think I covered every corner of the city today. Burrito time!
#realtalk...“ “ People who are out and accepting of their sexual orientation live happier and more fulfilled lives.””
yeah...it's mob talk!! Come on, your dad is from Bensonhurst!! You gotta know what that means!! Lol
they all suck he needs new ones !!!
Watch what the bleep!
#bbc The introduction of a British Film Week is among proposals put forward by Lord Smith to help capitalise on "a golden period" of UK cin
Chasing the elusive. Sleep.
Well. I'm leaving tomorrow....
Want to watch the event but no. My computer has to be so laggy that it won't work. Can there be a meetup in Austin please?
I'LL DRIVE YOU! :D
Walmart Store Events Bring NASCAR Race Time Savings to Richmond Starting April 24
Rest in peace heavy D you will be missed
So excited to go to the Grammy's tomorrow as music on the red carpet mofos! Plus an awesome after party
RT “: Here's to a having to a great Monday! :)” Yes, #Cheers!
I need a halloween costume. ASAP.
Sad but true ): at least I know no teacher is in it for the money...unless their a prof.
Happy Sunday! We hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
Across the country, premiums have more than doubled in the last decade, with smaller companies particularly hard hit in recent years,
Shopped at the flea market & Funky Arts & Crafts Show in Ft. Worth. Best craft show I've been to! Now time for patios & beers.
& ya'll know I love Justin but dont sit there and lie saying he was flawless cuz he sounded bad and messed up. & then have the fucken (c)
It is about time I get drunk in the Caribbean again.
You're very welcome.
lol w/e I'm pretty good. Just came from the gym, in bed watching BGC now lol
ohh .. i thought your phone was still dead, you finally got a charger?
I'm glad I forgot about cinco de mayo this year. I would've felt like it would've taken forever to get here but now its here and I'm excited
It's 5 here!
= Entrepreneurship. Denim. America...Yea, smells like #manliness! Possible cross-promo with our new Tampa brothers?
the pictures me & my sister too yesterday are soo cute ^_^
Barbara Walsh Speaks about her new Book, August Gale: A Father and Daughter's Journey into the Storm". 12/7 @ noon in the Rines!
Kill it (@ youngdolph) a time 2 kill
No folks, there's not a filter on your tv broadcast - Anthony Davis really is fouling on every possession in the post
Aha~ that explains it! :) RT : Re: QR code - It's just the gadget seeker in us overriding the practicality of them!
I don't think I can it has to be near Chicago IL my mom is not gonna bring me all the way over there
don't give a fuck about the money cars clothes
i followed her! plz follow me and and and <3 thanks i love 1D
You looked gorgeous at those golden globes last night :)
Grammys are tonight! For musicians, it's our Super Bowl haha :)
Casey Anthony. What an awful terrible no-good person.
Hope it stops raining .
Go follow me
#genius an ice cream place (delicious) open till late
Top score on the Louie Drink test 99.5% - thanks to Angelina for helping me study until 2am.... Go flashcards!
RT : It's sad that the has a good chance of being closed next week, which is National Library Week
#75 | Because we are ready for change... Real Change!
You're welcome. I even could watch Chip-wrecked with my kids thanks to you.
Pointless apology/ I'm good I'm gone
Why do songwriters always feel like it's necessary to burdon us with their problems, and opinions, and "dreams for a better tomorrow"?
The book is fantastic, and due out in mid- to late-May! Thx to Dawn for the excellent Foreword!
/// Well you'd be ready to dip too, after a nigga insists on paying you and just disappears LMAO...I know I would.
What I like is the transparency & the way it can bring ppl together. We nd mr places like this, real & virtual.
Walked about 2mi for the NAMISA walk at Kino sports center, great people, music food
Two days later, with my lack of hair styling skill, I'm still living my cut from I'm officially a convert.
Looking forward to meeting #UMiami students at 's EPIC program today!
Best Day EVER!
So much for a good spring break. I might as well be in school
Running like a got damn cheetah. To get home and have the last piece of chicken. Is tragic cause mostly somebody gonna get it. Smh.
On draft: Helltown Idle Hands DIPA, All Saints IPA, Lavery La Bealtaine, Sour Mash, Flying Dog Disobedience & Duchesse
Thanks! She must've sensed my Scottish ancestry
11 hours of football on couch with mcdonalds =
. I oppose SOPA and PIPA. A child could get around them. They are one step from being censorship.
I'm following back
Needless to say, I now triple check myself every time I wear a skirt!
there has to be a separate hearing if the defense wishes to go that route.
"I'll Have Another" is just too long a name for a Disney movie name.
these last few days of freshmen year have been HELL
I'm inside the DC beltway.
Unrelated question: can I get all my 'fat clothes' back from Plato's Closet?
no, he is still mad cuz he cant get any. he needs to go to bed
Anyone but Martin. Hell, bring back Ian Moran for all I care, just no more #7 RT Despres! About damn time.
Ethics, too, are nothing but reverence for life
on a webinar about networking to the 100 people you should know but don't. Expanding the noodle <3
RT Back when downloading a song or a game took like 3 days.
It would make my night if you followed me? Please?
wow just met Pat Farmer during his 13,000 mi run from pole to pole! What an inspiration and hero for the #RedCross. LML
I follow the following :)
#Bingo starts in 15 minutes!!
#askbrian When you come to Pittsburgh how about doing guest vocals on one of my songs? I have 1 called Train to Jersey.
Next term I'm taking classes on anarchist history/theory, bell hooks, spanish, and queer studies. STOKED.
So, it's a win-win situation, right?
LOVE this SO much! Shared it with my bad-a$$ flour-throwing friend.
never heard it, but do despise it.
Late night run to the store for some ice cream!
I've missed twitter dearly but time to get back to making it happen.
imagine if you were truman.
Amber Live featuring 10PM-1AM tonight! Performing hits from his new album "I'm All Over it"
you know we love you!
You are so cute.
more savings would be nice!!
Rain, rain, go away!
I need to fuck
u can come! its at my house and its next friday night like around 9 or so.its for early bday!
how?! Lol txt or online?
Down to go to a pit bull concert
yes! Look for the lady in the red pants :-)
Is celebrating the house she and r got by drinking Boone's...bc now we're broke. Two for five!
Happiness is the final destination
it was a killer day!
Oakland is showing you all how to fight imperialism.
Will you be excited or annoyed if Facebook announces Timelines for business pages tomorrow?
Social media has organic limits. Participation is an effort beyond simple broadcast entertainment media, less passive.
Tyra banks and Drake are dating !!?? :/ say bible right now !!
Liverpool really think they will get Pep, Klop and other big coaches to come there? hahahaha
Are you on the GASH team?
Roman Holiday
too bad the cover girl stylists can't be with us all the time?
Modern acting begins with honesty.
tomorrow back to studio with it's awesome working with her. Stay awesome guys! :)
the best is when you see it on Nickeloden
Has a bad tummy ake from eating to much chips and candy. Feel like puking
how about the fact that ten years ago he said we must have universal healthcare?
Vodafone retailer event a big draw
thanks. So far so good. How does Ebook apply to the Construction industry??
Clint Eastwood as the voice of a future America confused me until I remembered that new ideas need old (people-) buildings
bacon this week?
Happy New Year! Let's make 2012 the best year yet!
One guy has been able to change my lifestyle and he had to move 500 miles away.. I need to find another one like him..
I hate when things like Justin Is our Flawless Idol trends cause he's not flawless, he's our idol forsure but I love him for his flaws.
oh no, angry birds space is the bomb!
We had a blast last night at the verge And can't wait to meet some new friends at kc's tonight in Fredericksburg
I'd love to hear what you think afterwards! Working on starting a mobile campaign this summer.
Anyone know off-hand? RT : Do you know, by chance, whether [Commonwealth] is taking reservations?
Leonard Lopate Show podcasts save the day.
So I started watching Mad Men. Good stuff.
rumor has it that you guys are back together
Nick Knight! <3
See you soon! Have a safe trip. :)
so i've been takling to her about her i can become involved in that project - i've actually got to call her today.
People, where is the love here?... *sigh*
Dylan, I hope you feel better :( Take it easy.
Do you ever get excited about the weather and then realize you were looking at Cupertino instead of Chicago?
Full-Color Banners, Displayed horizontally, vertically, indoors or out. Banners are a versatile and cost-effective way to get seen!
KEEP DOING WHAT CHA DOING MAN!!
Watching my child hood movie "A bug's life"
Welcome to the Official Twitter site for Hollywood Tans Los Angeles! Located in the heart of Hollywood, CA. Stop by and see us today!
right?! it's so easy to be all tough behind a computer screen! ;)
FOLLOW ME ARI ARI FOLLOW ME OMG FOLLOW MI.
Idk y but i just got pissed off all of a sudden >:[
thanks for the follow! Love that you're reppin' Boston!
Woke up with a smile cause I know that today is going to be a good day!!!
No shite! Dude's blind! : What's the world coming 2 when I can't charm a bartender? D: Take off your sweater.
simple answer, I don't know
ok I'll do that
Thank you to all who atended out Grand Opening. We appreciate all our volunteers!
How are you doing?
Thinks should go to Deadwood South Dakota. look it up! The sherifs chair is suppost to be haunted, the ol' west times :))
Regrdless of what my kid got everythin he needs so ya could all suck it .
Top of da morning ... yard is open !!! have a safe day ..
Need a female R&B vocalist ft. on a hook on my upcoming project............Hit me up if interested
ah. Noted.
July brought Las Vegas its 17th straight month of visitation and room rate gains, according to numbers released today.
"He can't play! He can't play!"
Hurrying up and doing the dishes so i can watch my Peyton on #shortywards Good Luck Pey! I really hope you win!
Setup & ready @ wedding in Joliet w/ We don't play for another 3hrs & no booze. Like Petty said, "Waiting's the hardest part."
Can't believe Gumtree.com technical hitch. All photographs on all property adverts disappeared and they don't know when it will be fixed!.
Bought a part at menards yesterday - $2.51, need another so I ran to - $4.36 Same Part, Same Manufacturer
Thanks & yes we are - Theresa <3
Dude nice! What all did you download?? You guys got the chairlift album yet? Im thinking of downloading it...
the fat blue fox waslked past the boring dog.
where you
#PlayersBetterThanNunez anyone who can field a grounder
Thanks for the love for #WaitingForLefty! Hope to see you when you're out here :)
Thanks to everyone who came out and made our Washington Park clean-up a success! Beautiful day in our city's beautiful park system.
Also doubles as a lighthouse, so sounds like it'll be very well lit.
➜ 2011 Mack Avenue Records Shines at Radio: 4 #1 albums, 12 top-ten albums, 4 Grammy Nominations. thx groov and congrats all around!
Oh I should get Shakespeare's books
Dear #DowntownDining, Thank You! :)
Cheese flavored pretzels are addicting.
Non profits have become our surge capacity for emergency management -Bill Waugh (yesterday) through Scott Robinson (today)
Getting up. Church today! Thank you Jesus.
Happy valentine's day! Yes, I missed it by an hour.
Hello Ang my wife loves you to death ... I know a family in Brooklyn that know looking forward to meeting you..
it's fine! See ya soon
news on the scholarship?
when will you be in Miami bro?
Vanessa ... dexterous modes of concealment
BGs for drinks with the ladies then to the Harp to meet Bitty then off to SF to see the Roots <3 benchville
That's a pretty sweet guitar you got there in your profile picture!! Wow!!! Nice Texans sticker too!
#BOYFRIEND 5minutes !! Never been so excited !! >.<
nigga I was never sleep lol
This Friday #GrandPrixWeekend is gonna be too ILL! presented by
Shit getting real on #revenge Emily and Victoria getting it. Poor Sammy :(
Off to for meeting, maybe a lil sun at the cabanas poolside!
Siri likes calm voices and your voice well... Isn't very calm at any time. So I'm pretty sure you should just tipe it.
from our estimates, around 1,500 - there's no definitive list though. Yet ;)
I love how the thunder fans dont sit down until they score. I think thats cool
Just read about your big move. How exciting! Phil and I are going back to the UK next year - adventures all round!
ROTFLMAO! YES!!! I agree too!
Should be fun! Ill get back to you on Monday!
Happy New Year!
` juss braided two braids down the side in my hair, something to keep it tamed until i can straighten it lol
Congrats on making 332 calls tonight Michael! Keep up the good work!
I know why yu don't wanna be anybody else, cause yur dating and that's every girls dream (:
I hear crickets...
same. thinkin' Lakefront, later...
Yes it does! I'm tired! I don't want any caffeine bc then I'll really be up all hours of the night. Lol.
Making Funfetti cupcakes
Congrats! Hard work pays off!
was raised by leprechauns
my pleasure man. Gratz on the wrap.
Thank you for always sending great 'WORDS' of encouragement. I really appreciate you & your support~BAMM.
Tip of the day: if you are walking with someone then you just have to look one way to cross the street.
I just realized that I may have one of the finest collections of Richard Brautigan works in the world.
I know! Crazy! #socialmedia rocks! Great way of informing.
HELL TO THE FUCKING NO SAM!
OK--we were at Wings and Things very briefly to see It was packed and daughter was hungry. Did u go?
Eric Hellman is up w/ "The Network is Overrated". Be sure to check out Interesting ideas
I think democracy has flourished for hundreds, if not thousands, of years without any of those things.
Mark Barron step in looking like money, yellow diamonds everywhere, u swear he bout to yell out "Brick Squad" lol
I want in on the Casa Vega night!
We in Queebeck, y'all! Tomorrow, we're getting up early for some creepy jam-bones
everyone have a great saturday... Dont drink and drive... Fiesta Safe
Thinking about anklets and you made me buy a ticket to Chicago finally. Pick me up at 1:30 on the 17th at ORD por favor. xo
My mom runs a non-profit zoo and Betsy the sloth is one of my fave critters! I love, love your idea!
See you soon texas
How often do you persist and which scheme do you use?
...I need to do it again as well. My closet runneth over!
Happy Drink with Your Family Day!! What will be your libation of choice?
Thanks for your tweet. Robin, your website looks great!
We were founded under a simple moment...artists...not want-a-bees...they be bees in the trap! I make the honey
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Music can change the world because it can change people. -- Bono
Sex In The Shower, Call That Bath & Body Works! ;))
Glad to have you on board Thom “: I had my first ARXFIT #workout with Thanks to for exposing me to it!
Bitch, you wasn't with me roasting coffee!
Blessings to you sis!
This the third day in a row I had papa johns for dinner smh
Too much makeup cannot conceal internal insecurities.
thanks for the rt!
if anyone that i ever wanted to respect me found my twitter i would carve a hole in the ground, find a big rock, and live like patrick star
Happy for the guy, but devastating for a Chargers fan RT Buccaneers agree with WR Vincent Jackson on 5-year, $55.55m deal
thank you LBK for the RT. :)
car-day-NAS, but the emphasis is on rolling the r & also how to say the y.
When blogging, it's good to include a picture with your post to grab the reader's attention.
are you tryin to
If you still use dialup on your computer and you have to use the library computer you might be a digital redneck!
TSOI-LA spent the evening checking out Point Juncture, WA. Great show!
oh . . . cool i guess « idk every body talking bout something at a lunch tomorrow»
Thinking about getting my nose pierced. Opinions would be great!
what's up Bro ? End of week go look at gym ?
That which you are reaching toward is also reaching out toward you - intenders - just open your arms to receive it.
only dude in the NBA that still has baby fat
seriously! I'm pasty. #ghost. Church... Sunday 12-2 for this girl! Haha then back to the normal time Monday!
Okay ..to sleep I go! I don't really feel good :(
live vegas thru their tweets! follow & as they invade VEGAS this weekend w/ Bud Light Lime-A-Rita
When discussing projects, how often do I end the conversation with "I'll let you know when or if it's ever finished."
Of course you do! everyone does
Owweeee #Oomf mite b in trouble
Thanks so much, I wish you could, too. Take care.
NYE Salsa Party at La Fogata tonight!! $10 admission all night. Live band Grupo Wepa!
Anyone having any FREE advertising or sweet deals in Vegas? Call us 702.979.4424 Las Vegas HCG
im gonna live my life, no matter what we party tonight!♥
iswear iam a damn good girlfriend , but the second ifeel suspicious .. iam a living hell
Time keeps on ticking ticking ticking into the future... now its in your head yw
U G L Y You ain't go no alibi You ugly you you UGLY ;))
: down with DRM. Doesnt hurt sales. Agreed!
I was really looking forward to this summer... Not much anymore..
welcome back! Looks like y'all had a blast.
Congratulations ! You've won 2 tickets! We are giving away a pair of tickets every day this week!
Loved it. Longest shot maybe by a #Met this season. Mark Reynolds and Adam Dunn hit two epic homers last season at Citi.
LOL I have an idea for a legal app I would like to develop w you.
hello there! thank you so much my friend~ have a great day as well :)
Pandora is a beautiful thing. Cartel came on my The Summer Set station and Good Charlotte just came on my Marianas Trench station. This ...
...and THAT is awesome! Looking forward to it!
lol that's no good my boy
... it seems to me that agile project development practices address problems that shouldn't exist in the first place
there's more of those FF's to come.
Awesome! So glad yall were in! “ 1st #GAAD was truly amazing. We participated in #SanDiego SemWeb Meetup" Thanks !
I have zero tolerance for intolerance.
RT Corny jokes are funny lol Not corny people. Had to add that.
In bed jammin to frank ocean .
OK, so if you have a million followers does it defeat the point?...so many, you can't even read their twits, it becomes one way only, lame
Christmastime has just begun! :)
Think I'll also make the man homemade biscuits with sausage gravy for his breakfast. Yum!.....What diet? ;)
“: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!” Happy Birthday!!!
Every time I hear rider by future, I think about that day me & was the lyrics to every song we could think of.. lol
John: My kids are gonna be screwed up.
#YouNeedToBreakUpIf its an one way relationship
Jordynnn just got taken out of class because of stupid kids writing threats
but like...why
It's still processing, but I'm pretty sure this Strawberry Vanilla Bean jam is better than the Strawberry Balsamic one.
#dhtrial elevator alarm in the court.
Worked my butt off this semester!
& this "if he could articulate reasons for the main-line party people to embrace him. (I actually thought there were reasons.."
Although we don't know you, we think that you are definitely brave enought to try Set a goal...meet that goal!
RT : Yo!!! I met him b4. over heard the others call him ”Swift Darkness” lolol// Lolololol retarded
damn, does Quentin Harris tweet...on of the best remixers out along with Dennis Ferrer
I like it! He almost did at the end of the 3rd! RT : Patrick Sharp will
can't wait to start (x
Can we just like go on a late night drive and not come back or.
I will be there on Saturday! I am thinking of letting the boys be boys on Friday but not sure. What about you?
Thats how The Landers "roll em up!" :-)
Women's n Children staffer says they are now seeing some 3rd generation drug abusers - cultural thing now...
She said iconic boyz.....dead.
Or Bunk "F**k me!!!" BTW, The Wire is the greatest show of all time.
A woman came in yesterday and said "What should I read?" We spent 20 minutes walking around choosing. *Book lover heaven!* She bought three.
Nope, sorry! I can't. Just generally laughing...
so i followed that guy you tweeted!(: do you actually know him, or justa twitttttah friend?
hehe. your welcome ;)
u are the king of rap brub :)
Soups of the day:Chicken Pastina, Cream of Potato with Bacon, tortellini brodo, ravioli Florentine, Beef Barley, Split Pea!!!
Homemade Chinese turkey meatballs with fresh ginger, bok choy & yum sauce. With beer. & cookies
U should rub a cupcake from on ur foot since they won't Follow-No more until they do! We always promoted them :(
Originality is the art of concealing your source. ~ Franklin P. Jones
The Merrimac ferry opens for the season at 3 p.m. Mild weather contributes to early start.
Big day in a pressman's life; congratulations on your new enormous super heavy baby. Good luck getting it in & set up!
On my way to West Virginia!!
Javon Jackson at this weekend. Wish I didn't have to be at a party tonight. Maybe I can convince our guests tomorrow to go!
You've always been a giver.
RT it <<Follow the new page>>
White was the most useless crayon color.
Tweet #1! Coming soon...early screening and intervention for autism on the road in Los Angeles. Stay tuned for more tweets and info!!!
Not death of critic but death of ability to make a living as a critic. Good that livelihood iis ndependent of criticism
Our television sets in our offices are now turned off of your show Vinnie,Laughing about that poor murdered child Movie! sick
THIS!!! RT : If we don't go through trials, our faith won't be challenged & our growth will be limited (1Pet 1:6-7)
I'm giving myself a GDGD'n for Valentine's Day.
Im so god damn tired of this series
Good call. Thanks!
i love how u r willing to help other people get what everybody dreams of happining!!!!
what are u talking about? It'd be annoying for the user to have the OPTION of putting a pic in instagram?
WebCamWindow launching new features Monday at WebCamWindow.com! ReTweet Please!!!
I keep getting these messages saying I unfollowed all these ppl. Hell you did follow back in what 6 months; PLEASE.
Seriously FUCK MY PHONE!!!
grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, caramelized onions, white bean hummus, & kale pesto? Sure, I can make that work.
I miss youu to girl<3 ;)
Sometimes, you just have to give up on people - people rarely change.
If you like I will try to get more information to you Actually we had 2 very good PD's today
www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com check out the pod cast thanks for your support
HAHAHA. Wednesdays are always the worst! You can guarantee both the TV and film choices that day are always shit!
Had a pierogi. Never again.
Need to get ready cause I'm getting picked up for work soon but I'm sitting on my bedroom floor in my underwear watching wizards
guess what I would do if you tweeted us? Oh wait...you'll have to do it to find out(;
leagues could do something similar for commentary, but I don't ever see a prominent league utilizing twitter from start to finish
when breaking up,make sure you give all ofyour ex’s stuff back sothey don’t have a reasonto randomly show up.
Happy Notorious B.I.G. Day!!! R.I.P. Rap still hasn't been the same. Smh
Erick Stevens pins Eddie Edwards with a cross body block to become the new Underground Television Champion.
I love you ♥3
Pretty fun working that show. I saw so many familiar faces.
Why don't you all send me some good news? Give me a good news tweet.
Just crossed the Georgia borderline on our way to Atlanta for Swing by and visit the booth
in my dreams those 40,000 eggs would all be dark chocolate!
I plan to pay my dad for insurance with a spongebob check. He'll love it.
CAN YOU GET MY ARTIST NOTICED?
Thank you. Stop by the Italian Embassy to say hi!
Five dollars? Where the hell are you at??
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars. I might have a few dollars more.
my new video jst uploaded on youtube..make sure you guys go check it...alright...vala....
Ready for the beach again. As soon as this sunburn subsides a little.
Are the Brewers winning?
you are a fountain of information
I've been using WP for quite a few years...would be happy to discuss
I'm in full support!
Windshield wipers, swivel hips, AND straight arm V ups?! I'm going to pay tomorrow.
to Rose's type of game. If he played like a Nash-no offense - he'd hold up. Explosiveness gone 4 a while!
people 4get how fast u did a job- but they remember how well u did it (howard w newton_ take ur time, make a plan, underpromise & OVER deliv
that mf needs to read that text already!!!!
okay, take care, talk to you later (:
Heading to awards ceremony. Skipping dinner & hoping for substantial snacks at the reception (still living the student life...)
nm at the body shop bro wbu
Ohh. It's raining like a biatch.
barely day two Haha
Turnin in early tonight. Gotta get my beauty rest.
,Someone needs to defend the House, Obama had the Veto pin but no one says so, just let Congress take the hit & loose Maj.
Nobody seems to understand adverse selection.
Wait. It's the season finale of #HappyEndings??? I was NOT prepared for this.
Quote of the night:"Should I pour the remainder of my beer over your cock?"
thanks for keeping the #futureofpd hashtag alive!
i have my moments sometimes
": I am officially afraid of what the Brewers news conference will be about." Could be to introduce Aramis
Can't believe this Ryan Braun thing..I hope to god he's clean and it's some prescription drug..
Helps create a safe space. RT : We sure do love our cartographic metaphors in religious studies.
Using a William Morris coaster from the at my desk. All these spreadsheets just got a little prettier.
I am planting my garden AND watching the Suns beat the Spurs.
everyone knows the people who vote for the winners are hipsters. The fact that transformers wasn't on the ballot is a joke
Want a discount?! Just ask. : )
Thank you!! :)) RT : Happy Birthday liwat kay
Awww...thank ya sweets! ;) love ya!
The Maine squeeze is
Not having a car is killing me.... Killing me #:(
lil wayne: I Am Not A Human Being release date: Oct 12 2010
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. - Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel
And don't you forget it! : [To ] But you won the Oscar for Moonstruck!
I had a lot going on the past few months but imma b down there dis weekend to c y'all did u have a baby shower already
keep believing!!! Die hard Packer fan pulling for you. Fun to watch! Keep provin em wrong!!!
Golden girls is my issh lol!
It's hard to be above the influence when you are the influence
shout outs :)
It took me a long time to get over being a freak, now it's just a point of pride ;)
Thanks! Hopefully this will work.
There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
about how many people are we looking to cook for?
I'm solo I'm cuttin up!!!
RT : Hey I just met you....and this is crazy....but here's my number.....let's fucking go to warped tour.
Good one, Eddie.
Thanks, ! It's near the ship so in this case convenience trumps all else =) Other than bars, favorite beaches near downtown?
just had all-star for bassball.i hit some bomes.
Climbed a fair-sized tree today in the name of Christmas outdoor decor.
I'm at the Entrepreneurs's Lounge with about to charge my iPhone.
Nope ! You're Going Too :D Lol
I blame it on ! RT : it was the kids that almost burned my apartment haha :P
.:."wrong way 2address the deficit is 2slash programs that are critical to middle class families-like headstart & childcare"
LAST MSG. I want to help. How can I help..outside of making music and showing up to pump my fist...where are the greater outcomes?
I just want a classy birthday party in the downtown Los Angeles area. Is that too much to ask?!
The cute one has to stay home. Only the ugly one is leaving Las Vegas. So no dog watching. But thanks a lot!
Basic chicks are BORING
There's an acute, unique shame when that employee is you and the book is about learning a computer language in 24 hours.
We're taking a break after Round 2 of the Spelling Bee Finals at Children's Hospital. Smart kids. Thanks to Post-Gazette and Children's!
This is why i just can't get with you .
Im fina delete des lil tweets for my bitch b wit da shit wen she see it
Listening to the podcast interview with Z'ev Rosenberg in my car...
Thanks for the support! Hope to see all of you there!
thanks * :p
Got that new WZRD album.
Jogging is overrated. Besides, I believe it is a silent "J". It's actually pronounced "yogging."
I love you
Don't come crawling back to me after that shit you pulled.
So inspiring! A message we appreciate in MN as we face hurtful amendment #VoteNo cc:
Happy birthday Melissa.
This Weeks Been Really Hard On My Family&Me.I Wanna Thank My Friends&Family Who Kept My G-pa In Their Prayers&Were There For Me! Ily&Thanks!
Baltimore Youth Environmental Response & Office of Sustainability Saturday 1-4pm Jones Falls Stream 1813 Falls Road, 21201 summer clean up!
Today has been a super day! Thank God that tomorrow is Sunday -- my day of REST and Rejuvenation!.
I love buffalo exchange :)
And hes the only #Brewers player my son doesnt have an autographed ball from. I'm sure hell stop signing by time I get to AZ
RT : AWESOME webinar Wish everyone got how to do this. You clearly understand learner engagement.<< Thx!
sick sixth senses
What will make you smile this weekend?
: We have done interviews, live shows, and had our songs played! I know we love WRRV!!!:) It was a lot of fun!
I hate getting out of a hot shower and it's like the North Pole took over my bathroom.
CINCO DE MAYO
why must your concert be on june 22nd????????????? LOL
Like I said. Innocent until proven guilty. RT : OJ riots ring a bell?
Most of ya'll don't get the picture unless the flash is on.
