Next Steps at Vanderbilt holds spring commencement - Vanderbilt University News
follow back ? tweet me and i'll follow you back :)
Thanks! RT : Likewise! You're the number one source for #gardening in the #DMV!
What a friend on loop
-- Agreed, I saw the Man U timeline. It looks amazing! Great example for sports teams.
same to you!
Can you help plan: a charter school, ceramics mfg, boutique textiles mfg, furniture mfg, applied arts and/or fine arts?
will it be unbiased?
24 hours until UNOmaha's METLink conference. Can't wait to see and present.
How do you get someone big to your programs? Ask! Write, call, etc. and when you get them, treat them well! - Holdengraber
Go Bruins!
RT A friendly reminder that our 20% discount for Water St. classes ends on Monday. Register to save $!www.danceworksmke.org
Expect a lot of #starwars vs. #startrek talk on tomorrow's with guests Adam & Mike,
I'd love the opportunity to interview you in the near future. Your music delights the masses.
Lowepro Edit 130 Video Bordeaux Nice bag for the price ...
RT : RT : Sometimes I love you, sometimes I hate you, but there isn't a day that goes by that I don't miss you.
ok cool well next event Ill try to bring u something delightful
let's make sex a holiday !
I can't play guitar, and yet the fact that Rickenbacker stopped making left-handed guitars a few years ago really hurts my feelings. 🎸👎
I suggest seeing a show at The Mohawk, going for a walk/run on the Barton Springs Greenbelt, and grabbing a coffee at Jo's.
#vre2010. Great class! Enjoyed the projects! Liked getting to know you all and hope to keep in touch on fb :)
Well I'm staying up late tonight
I just dropped my fucking cookie D;
solid. Glad you are enjoying!
that wasn't me?
Instead of a sequel to #TheAvengers, I'd be completely happy with a Tony Stark/Bruce Banner buddy-comedy.
I'm good..what you been doing?
We'll be just fine, you & me, if you just stay.
if i whisper in ya ear its cuz i want you to hear me... i aint got shit to hide.
Damn mexican tap water
The Ravens actually signed John Brantley?! LMFAO. Did they see his tape from Florida?
amen ...I'm looking for a new job in #LA ..hated my last one LOL
...now that's some creative and effective product placement!
Start off your week with a bang and wake up with a hot Mocha Joe this morning!
Butchered it. I thought I was bad with quotes/names.
Iz happy to be home after a very long travelz in da big car. Ize lovez my own bed!
This will be my motto for the week!
Let your voices be heard! All John Jay Students...VOTE! Polls are open now, online at the Jay Stop!
haha it was funny:)
In my bed im bored ..
a birthday tweet from the boys this sunday. #thatswhatiwant :)
It amazes me what people will do just for attention.
Wedding coming up? A commissioned painting would be a great gift from you to wish the newlyweds a blessed life together....
OMB my first period and advisory buddy Meaghan all CANADIAN CHANNELS!!!!
Thanks for the supprt!
Where's Carlisle? My mom said it was in PA? But this show is put on by the BBC? so I'm really confused.. Haha
Pierce looks frustrated. Forced that last shot.
wats good bro show sum luve out here
yeah we gotta show on Friday night as well! We will plan around u next time
#20ThingsAboutMe 17. I have a brother & 2 sisters older than me & a brother & 2 sisters younger than me!!
Boresha International has the only patented fat-burning thermogenic coffee in the world. www.sisidore.igetpaidtodrinkcoffee.com
Time to go home
Sounds great! Looking forward to watching & learning. Thanks.
i miss the naked brothers band haha :)
It's an assumption. Not sure distinction matters. Should clarify we BOTH recognize the hate encountered by each.
yes! got lawn for both nights, would love to find some pavs tho : You going to Saratoga?
Workin' out with sandbags today! Fun stuff!
Self-paced instruction resource: PBS Teachers: pbs.org/teachers
On our way to play some new songs on on some rooftop in Hollywood-- oh and I tried some Tapatio ruffles m gross
seriously man, I'm about to Twitter-rant & set some shit straight. I need 1 reader 2 make it worthwhile. U got time 2 read it?
#MentionTo someone you wish were here right now. --
completely agree. Did same thing in Washington too.
happy birthday Lucy!
Officials to Rebuild Altavista Bank After Fire
Mercedes killed that song. So good
HEY PRESS IT'S NOT NERD PROM WHEN YOU INVITE LINDSAY LOHANS & CLOONEY & GLEE & A KARDASHIAN IT'S STAR-FREAK-FUCKER PROM
AKA UNCLE SWIZZLE NOW WORKS FOR A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY. based IN LA ATTN: PROMOTERS, SERIOUS INVESTERS if you're looking to bo…
Hope And Normalcy At The Hospital School — North Carolina Public Radio WUNC
NW "Life After" with Al Reynolds (Star Jones ex husband) #Interesting !
That feeling you get when a cop car makes a U-turn behind you when you pass them up.
I blame ALL apple related dilemmas on : If I eat a bad one; a poor slice of pie; the tree's blossoms are underwhelming
website coming soon! Stay tuned.
do you need some 3- D glasses??
Anyone see new show? Any good? Any different?
Alright #Pens we need at least 1 more in the 3rd.
love the few times i visit a *$ and i ask for a small coffee. You mean a ... Sure whatever, a small coffee plz.
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
honey pie.
On my way to Aspen!
David, you mentioned on MPU some time ago about a trick using Pastebot and 1Password. Have you posted that trick anywhere?
you'll make a lot of dimes...and we're just getting started. Hold on tight it's a bumpy ride. Lol
we finished homework for tonight :D
I'm doing good just hitting u up seeing how u r
Hearing Indiana offered Indian Hills CC Big man Jameel McKay. McKay, a Milwaukee native, will have 2years of D1 eligibility
I am afraid that Hodgson will just go with the old farts. We needed to do what the Germans have done but it won't happen withhim
How can I bridge the gap between compliance-driven #onlinehelp and #socialmedia? controls vs #informallearning? #astdtk12 food4thought
Help students learn entreprenuership while also getting your house painted. Ask me how.
how much does it cost?
Just received invitation from Alpha Beta Kappa
Have you tried spraying the box with Apple Bitters? It's available at most pet supply stores.
she broke up with me...
Chuck e cheese has GF crust? Since when!?!?!? My son will be so happy!
Makin moves all day and i still aint satisfied.
Happy Mothers Day to my mama Mrs. Deborah Ann Conn. I know u don't have a twiiter so u can't read this, but I'm sending u this anyways lol.
A kid being a brat is not a disease, it's just a bad kid!!!
RT “ Never mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness” <this is everything
Just sent you a DM
What are your plans for this " holiday" weekend?
Headed back to beach for the weekend hope you have an enjoyable week end too
NF follow back
i do
will do!
Hair relaxer. Coming to America.
Live tweeting hunt cup: so far gathered around a trash can drinking a 30. Feels like were still in the city!
Back in the game..
how much we taxing
And how was it? Ha! RT : I have just experienced the first drive thru Subway.
So and made my night even though I didn't get to talk to them. Good times haha
**ARTIST** get at me #NOW Hittmenn DJs 2012 OFFICIAL WEBSITE "LAUNCH" PARTY PACKAGE ATLANTA, GA. MAY 9th & 10th, 2012
*Hugs you back*😳
I fall asleep with my phone in my hand because I love talking to before I fall asleep.
If You Dont Fb Im Gonna Fight You : D
woke me up too. I have to get up any way. I'm going to Martha's to pick her up to go shopping and hair done. 💁💇
"If your dreams don't scare you, they are not big enough."
..Sexy Thursdays inside Club Antro!!.. , , Take Ova South , taking thursdays over!!....RT!!!...
Text me lol, I'm confused as to what is going on.
That nigga ain't bout it! RT “: WON'T FADE ME DOE.”
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half. -Dostoevsky
This maiden she lived with no other thought, than to love and be loved by me.
I didn't know that Stephen Merchant does a voice for Portal 2
I could be wrong but believe Hamilton has a clause in contract about boozing and Texas said was a concern.He may be gone
Monday madness ......... Cleaning....errands....work....then precious quality time with the fam.....
Innovation at Domino's Pizza is chopping up some bread sticks and sprinkling cheese on it. Might as well rename it Mensa Pizza
Merry Christmas! We hope you're happy now.
I hate that! The worst one is in Newark Airport in NJ. It's really long and everyone stumbles when they get off.
I really dislike users
Enema of the state
My n'bor is a light designer, just turned down a job to design for a Timbaland concert. He goes all over the world. Interesting line of work
you know that your supposed to take a girl to see a #romcom bro
Thanks for the shout out. Happy Friday :)
My man is putting on a passing clinic
“: I don't care where Austin moves. I'm still gonna say I support a 16 year old singer from Texas. #realtalk”
You sexy....... I don't know if you've noticed
Syria: Plan must address 'terrorism'
when the world says NO and everything the creator place in you says YES James Brown "I'm going get up and do my thang".
#AustinsMostEmbarrasingMoment A girl in school was waving, he waved back, she started laughing, he looked back&she was waving at another boy
can't wait for my sister and brother to piss off to uni. only another year to wait :) woo
i swear i wont watch your leaked sex tape with
Russian Roulette <3
I wish haha
Nah, AMC's one of the few with regular good stuff. WALKING DEAD looks great, but they won't let me watch online. :-(
A setback is just a setup for a comeback.
Dying my hair! :)
i have 79 followers keep it going
"Where fashion and turtles meet" -turtle lady. Hahaha!!
Special shout out to you should follow them!
Using stick mics while sitting at a desk bothers me
#BestSoundMixing also goes to
Chris Cronin discussing how much human labor will be required to convert aacr2 auth data to rda at
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle SHE'S GOTTA HAVE IT........
Chillin w. Savage & his thuggish ass friends..
Happy Birthday to the best mom ever!
lite and domestic please
Round 2 was rough
Night run with !
Tom Costello of NBC gives inspiring speech abt continuing importance of journalism @ CU's JMC graduation.
Having a near-two-year-old is fun... though he keeps deking me out with pretending he's close to a nap.
As of Thursday, I will be living with my dad
What if I went brunette..
the sun brings out the best in me straight up.
#MARKETFRIDAY BELONGS TO THE #AKAs....THE "OFFICIAL" AFTER PARTY IS @ #INFERNO... PERIOD!! SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY @ 4:00PM!! BE THERE!!!
Hahhaa Nothing Nothing You said you were a nice change of Convesacion Bitch
seriously, we cannot escape this vehicle.
its my friends 's birthday today and i know it would just make her day if you tweeted her happy birhtday!
Hi Max! Excited to meet you and the other #YAPC crew.
Feeling some inexplicable Simpsons nostalgia. Going back and watching Season 1 now. Were we ever so young?
where might that be?
Our New Web-Site www.vcassociates.org
Todays quote "I'll believe a corporation is a person, when Texas kills one." John Bonifaz "Free Speech for People" Repeal Citizens United
hi!my friend and i talked to you this morning infront of Hermes!It was very nice meeting you!Love always x
Kind of relishing tonight's #primary results - further proof the #GOP is a hot mess...
damn that is 1 nice dick u got there
OK, this collection is 70G. I guess that won't fit into one archival unit. Must split into four.
Aww! Such a stylin' girl :) Honestly though, green is big for spring '12.
eBooks are really hot right now, and will only continue to gain in popularity. Thanks for using the service!
Gondor is doing fine, actually
that is awesome.
I'm rebelling against your cool club because I think you're douche bags
#amomentofsilence for the ppl who can cook. I just f*cked up a tuna sandwich, sad but true. Well Pollo tropical it is.. thanks to sos!!
Things us NY actors shove in our 18 bags RT headshots, stapler, different audition outfits,make-up,GPS,phone charger,snacks,H2O
:) That makes it even worse. But, enjoy!!!!
Why are web sites for churches usually awful?
BTW, Hugo is a beautiful, inspiring film. I love it, and everyone should go see it.
Run home! Do it! :) Please?
US Grappling submission only tournament this Saturday.
My kids hate it when I get a new cd. They know it's all they will hear until I get another new cd.
I agree. Just thought it was funny.
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.-Fitzhugh Dodson
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE (shelly) from wisconsin (i love you cody i will cry if you see this)
Haha that's awesome. Did you join in?
#followfriday Peter Kearns - photographer for Montana
Justin:BELIEVE TICKETS ARE GOING ON SALE Me:AHH Justin:SOON me:DAMMIT
its busted for me just toggles from login to register. Fields never change just email and password
Today's #petpeeve: conversations that start with 'you know what you should do...' ARG
you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
there's three.. you said 2 lol.
No matter how good you get you can always get better and that’s the exciting part. – Tiger Woods
yeah the thunder all the way
More new gear for Alaska trip from and Can't wait to leave. Definitely can wait for cc bills!
Don't you hate it when people don't get the hint?
Aw man! I missed Big Freedia on Jimmy Fallon
Lol RT : I got in a fight with my shoestrings this morning.... It ended in a tie >.<
So cool. Thanks for sharing.
i think that can be pretty universal. there's "cool kids" in every industry.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Find another one!!
Maybe that's a good thing :) Maybe your career helps too. In my job I have to try to pretend to be +very+ serious, haha ;)
When we hold a mind that is clear, we become peace. We are an expression of peace.
is awesome.... Now time for the weekend.
I thought you only ate at Black Eyed Pea : (
manicures and pedicures with then dinner with
In a lesbian relantionship someone plays the Man,in a homosexual relantionship they both play the Bitch..??????
No,not insecure.Open heart yes,but very cautious.I have been around the block and my outer shell is usually Teflon babe.
Representing at Regional Tech Partnership Luncheon Great tech infrastructure in place, but plenty more to do!
how often is it jokingly referred to as "haplogy?" my guess: very
Pretending to text when 2 girls are fighting infront of me
The Phillies need to grit and determine their way to five runs.
Girl look at that body.. Girl look at that body... I work out
When i fall asleep in class, i twitch, and then wake myself up thinking i just fell off a bridge :O
Call Me Maybe on the bus...! We will win
i have a male friend who is 50 and refuses to swim in ocean because of JAWS movie..OMG.....who traumatized this man? smh...
I am challenging them both &
Watching the Black Keys on #colbert. Good stuff.
": Im going to house to eat cereal,so i can have 2837483928 diffrent kinds(:" lmfao Forreal I have a shit load!
Love it!
Keep an eye out for OB Denver at some of your local colleges...DU on Wednesday and CU Boulder on Thursday!!
Today was a good day expect the part where I was in a water fight and it was windy and cold outside!
"I use the library website to learn about fun new links to webpages I might enjoy!" -No teen, ever.
Life is meant to be LIVED & I am the master of my own happiness. No one on this earth determines how fulfilling or meaningful my life is!
Haha! And pigeons, cobras, frogs and various other animal-inspired yoga poses. (Frog is the WORST)
i'm definitely down for a challenge. i would like to take the dog for a walk, but it's 96 degs....
All groups who submitted a programming arc turned in their programming agreements and now have a budget for Fall 2011! Success!!
how is that az life
If you're in Seattle, my dentist is great. Dr. Bajwa at Smiles on Madison. :-)
The color of your eyes run deep through me, I stand alone waiting for you. "It's About Love" by The Medic Droid.
thanks. It's is amazing he was once a tyrant and now is trying to be the most impactful philanthropist.
well that is good
Finally back in my room...
Glad you liked the #appnationconf panel -- If you're in SF you should come visit DD HQs!
RT : #superbowl was amazing. Exciting final moments, as always!!! ;))) We wish it was always so good!
Up, OPEN, and ready for you with fresh HOT Coffee. Dbl Punch Drink of the day: Hazelnut Latte!
Thanks for helping tweet #UWeather today!
While I was waiting for my to-go order, the lady at the pho spot just subtly, but I'm pretty sure intentionally, touched my butt.
I hope you all have a good night and day <3 ILove You(:
2006 WSOP Champ Jamie Gold to Hunt Ghosts on TV Umm ok lol
A marathon is preventing me from getting to my place (or to my favorite bar)!!! What the heck!
Man, my thumbs are tired.
What's doing? Not sure, but I'm bound to hear something about her dad. :P
YOU LOOK LIKE AN ANGEL!! <3 ;)
Aah Okay, Sorry For Asking. Thanks Anyways x
Glenn Beck wrote a book called Arguing With Idiots? Odd that he would give the opposition tips on how to deal with him.
OK, did I mention I survived the weekend? Now just three more absolutely INSANE weekends to get through before I can have my life back!
Yup again
MUST☀Follow :-)
no grass. i laid out by the pool.
I know we'll be there in 10!
remind me to smack you if we ever meet.
The problem, then, is that you have a self-selecting bias in the survey respondents. /cc
working on stuff for a women's luncheon at church this weekend (super excited!) & listening to adele. makes for a great monday!
Time for the black mumba to strike
True...but have to wait 4+ months! Plenty of time to get use. Everything else is cool right?..maybe icloud will replace dropbox
the internet is not entertaining me enough right now...sigh...what else am I supposed to do?!?
cousins wedding. Gonna get the Marriott downtown on board with crazy greeks dancing on tables and breakin plates!
Thanks so much for RT... much appreciated!
I shouldn't be up..
My lips are so red from chugging a Gatorade ❤
Currently listening to: goodnightmusic - addicted
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it. ~ George Bernard Shaw
He will definitely scare away the carnivores but the herbivores might rear-end him. Happy Holidays!
Just got tickets for Aug.8 Resurge Battle of the Bands at Rex theater in the south side. there $12. come help us win!!!
- my husband had played since he was 12 and now plays online every day - have you found your local club?
So your life is what you make it, and success is for the takin' - If all you do is sit around, then your life is only wastin'
Thanks for the link. Very cool. Ive worked with Autodesk on 3D print guitar hardware that was fascinating
Across the Sun is a great kickass portland band! Everyone should check em out!
Free concert with Jazz Guitarist Justin Johnson, cheese tastings and more at Grove today until at least 2pm.
Strange - heard a BOOM off in the distance and power went out for a sec
We hold fast to the things in a storm, which are most likely to blow away- and yet we neglect to wear sunscreen, on a bright and sunny day
let's hang this weekend and catch up? I'll try and fine a few bucks for gas and head down.
MKE NewYearEve @ Aloft Hotel... Just been added to poggled & gogedit dot com This Event will be EPIC
....this State of the Union is like a Shabbat service. Up down up down up down.
lol I can't go, havee fun!
ok. whoa. mood just sky-rocketed. I just realized exactly how many incredible things will be occuring for me within the next week.
make sure you share when you find it. XO
No prob... That's what is next on the agenda. Trust me.
I hope we all learn something from trial trials & tribulations of the great angel Whitney Houston. Keep K Costners message in mind w/stars
Topped out today with 125 cappers with action going tonight and 5 consensus total, 2 NBA,2 CBB and the 1 NHL with Flyers/Sharks over
me too, but it's still summer so we should take advantage of it while it lasts :)
No accountability just blame
U.S. Stocks closed mixed, ending off their session highs, as euphoria from this morning's earnings reports faded & tech giant Apple slumped.
Is it time to change your profile pic?
A little rain never hurt anyone, just a little, no more than an hour! Hopefully it dries up before pays me a visit - Excited
Obv. Nothin like frozen jalapenos to start a weekend right : Loving the poppers
omg thts really funny nice
I hope you have a great Mother's Day! And when you go out for dinner, I hope u get the group discount...for all five of you!
message me
blue moon = the marcels goodbye little angel = nicky van save the last dance for me = the drifters good old days = roger miller
hope you enjoy "Red" tonight .
#paperwhites set them up now for needed indoor January cheer
Question, it there something morally wrong with a sag/Aftra member accepting a role on popular a non union unscripted reality show ?
umm this Saturday? :)
Getting ready for my very own #maternity photo shoot with this afternoon - SO excited!
Get ready for fun now !!!!!
Lake Balderdash with and the Mareks!
Rise n Grind! I luv gettin up wit the birds , dats where I just can relax my mind n meditate. Long day today.. Tonite SuperStar Saturdays!!!
see you at the Yelp event
shit. I'll try. I'm not near the front
You get 'em girl!
Got my cartilage done.
stoaked you guys like the video keep the hits coming :)
im at the Phillies game...haha #faith how's the game going. I see up 6 with 5 illeftbin the 3rd
Go hard, today, can't worry about the past cause that was yesterday, imma put it on the line cause its my time
Thanks, We're excited to have too!
Success is dependent on effort.
:O I LOVE FLORENCE AND THE MACHINE!!!!!! Lady Gaga I can stand :D I'M SO EXCITED COZ I'M GOING TO FLORENCE's CONCERT! ASDFGH!
Of course dear!! :)
Christ died for me...so ima live for Him
Time is flying by but not fast enough
are you kidding if anything you guys are hipsters ...
Make sure your employees are communicating at their best in the workplace. Schedule a one-hour workplace writing seminar today!
overheating cats :(
Miami Heat
#ff my nigga we got some music coming soon, And I'm hostin his tape this summer!
Last day of 2011! Where are you ringing in the New Year?
there you are! i love the picture. sing it!
I'm eating a grab the gold and coffee right now! #nom Thanks for the follow!
yea Grizzlies live for this kinda game.. But so does CP3
So I think my best friend Marry kinda sorta hates me at the moment. Honestly? I'm not quite sure what I did.
Last show of tour tonight! Our hometown return at the Rickshaw Stop with and Steve Taylor
When I was a kid, I went to the store and ask the guy, Do you have any toy train schedules?
gotta love the playoffs
"Stronger" just came on the radio and it made me think of 🎶
is trying to kill me. Okay. Not really, but first Dill Pickle Chips. Now BLT!? If they make Bánh mì next I am in so much trouble!
“: CANT WAIT FOR EDC!!!!!!!” I want to come this year!
If ever acted like she didn't know me in public? I have no other choice but to also RAPE HER in public .. Sorry, not sorry
Ive got a few additions to Team DrewPhillips.I'm welcoming a new talent agency for a trial run for commercial and theatrical representation!
If I didn't have a network, it wouldn't matter what I did on social media. I have street cred built up and can now use it.
how u "think" somebody scratched u?
:) RT #BillionsAndBillions of rows of data
Close tie with pumpkin spice latte: SALTED CARAMEL MOCHA.
Of course I'm going to a fake ICONiac's house for a party on madboyz birthday 😞
There's always going to be way more talkers than walkers. And for those that can do both
1 lawyer said 2me; "Joe, there is NOT enough $n the world 2 defend u n this case vs the irs, we would have 2 put the entire system on trial"
Ugh....glad that went to commercial
This coffee does not taste good.
You're most welcome, brother. Always like showing my friends some #FF love.
Happy Birthday ! :)
Thanks Corey! Great career ahead! RT : FF !! Great guy, took me under his wing! Appreciated!
[Prov18:21+Num14:28+Isa57:19] Let's consciously choose to not speak negative words which turn our mouths into weapons of self-destruction.
If plan A doesn't work, there's 25 more letters in the alphabet.
It's 11:11 make a wish, an make a wish an say, It's 11:11 make a wish n make a wish n say I hope u come true
Hanging out in the Newark airport waiting for my 6 o'clock flight
haha. I mean I heard a remix at the club a few weeks ago and it was good....???? AHH. That's my only confession
There is only one success--to be able to spend your life in your own way. -Christopher Morley
The nation of Stankonia said they would drop bombs over Baghdad
9 HOTT THEME SETS!! COME CHECK OUT THE FUN!! PLENTY OF TIME LEFT!! "Sarah Palin" on stage now....
Safe travels. Enjoy your weekend.
all summer camp themes done! Find us at our studio's in Novato, JCC, Marinwood Rec. and I am looking for a place in Mill Valley. Anyone?
just heard about you girls' success in events! Fashion student at PLNU looking to connect and learn more about your company!
Enjoying Scott Wolves's short crime diction, "Controlled Burn." Upstate Vermont noir.
Updating Entire Facebook Page and Adding a "Like" coupon code for all likes :) enjoy your weekend everyone!
“: #DearDaughter ~ You Have Invested...Your Very Best. His "Best"...Has Not Satisfied You. Leave. #Dad #drMM”
Its a small, small world.
Mondays in hotels are sad, depressing places.
I cant go to my SRA 1st period because of an "air show" with paper airplanes..ok
Figs are in season anyone know of a cheap market with all kinds of figs for sale in Chicago...Let me know where that Happiness is please!!!
Going to see 21 Jumpstreet with the family
I really need to stop this whole "i'm a social smoker on the weekends thing" - it's gross, and it makes my throat hurt. NOT WORTH IT.
Happy Halloween to all the trick-or-treaters who saw me changing in my room with the shades up.
Wang? Embarrassed? Did you just start following hockey on Long Island?
Addicted To Trigga ♥
Its a sweatpants n hoody day
need to understand environment, culture, what works, what leads to success so you can be in a position to make change
keeps playing yes by lmfao and the song is now getting on my nerves
EMILY CAN'T LEAVE. SHE "DIED" ONCE I CRIED FOR HOURS. THIS IS BULLSHIT.
My summer goal of beating in mario kart is already complete. What to do now?
That's the one thing we didn't do when we were there. Was it wonderful?
I am officially done with my undergrad !!!! What a relief.
lol is there not really a lot of calls in the morning? idk what Ima do with myself, I don't like to read and don't have a PSP
yea? for sure let me know. hit me up at
I hate it here actually. I'm 40 minutes east of Syracuse. Once I have my degree, I'm relocating to Boston
hurry up! We're waiting for you at
“: There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family.”
No. 1 song Holy Balls in Belgium. No. 42 song, Butterfly High on APD. No. 49 song, No. 6 on APD Americana Charts Album and No. 22 Hotdisc
Me, too! Goodnight!
Can't sleep now!
I'm happy to see that he did it in Cougs shorts! Go Cougs!
Everybody wants 2 be the star of the show...
YES! RT : We love Dan Wagoner!
well u fucked up
Realizing that i have no guy friends.
ditto...ROBRADY design....look forward to working together this year...
Thank you!!!
just blinked......
can't call it, how you been man? Been a minute, hows the lp coming along?
Athens bitches be flexin
I hope I meet u and Della reese someday.
I refuse to believe Whitney Houston is dead. Man, this is just so sad :(
Fuck yes. Mutual. Now some CBL for you.
On my way to my photo shoot :-)
giving a high five to your teammate.
Happy mothers dayy
anyone in the Vegas area need some construction wk done? Dry wall / metal framing / paint, etc..com or res? I have a great referral!
me too! <3 let's do this. I'm overly excited! We can leave at 12:30!
LATHER UR HANDS!!! LMAO NITE MOCK SEE U TOMORROW
show off
Thanks for the word I'm planning on working on it later today. What a great site you've put together
it was not my birthday. It was my cousins. Still had a great time. Karaoke baby.
Some girls are seriously pathetic. Lets try growing up
you to come someday to HOLLAND! i hope so ♥
thanks for the RT, Matthew!
finish dming me !
Really bummed I missed this convo.
May We all Join Hands and Pray So Our Father Hears Us Following His Commandments
It's no prank, we're open until 6pm today, so come check out our 16 exhibitions! And Happy April Fool's Day :)
What up, Illinois?
Great. Looking forward to connecting. Have a great day.
Freak out, let it go.
New month...turn your training up! We did at IMPACT this morning ...1 down 1 more to go :)
thank you!!!
Can't wait to party with everyone tonight!!
Probably. According to Foursquare, I've checked in at over 50 times :)
I hope they let me have the day off of work tomorrow
We're excited to have you!
Relationships are a lot like housecleaning. If you let things pile up, it can become overwhelming and unmanageable.
You better be showing Oklahoma City how LA gets DOWN!
Sorry! I love me some bear puns!
While pulling an #MIA finger symbol out of his #Giants coat? RT : I think he may have been bobbing his head to...
Recovering a long weekend...
#harrypotterlive Qyestion: Whats Your Favorite Scene In The Movie?
why you butthurt about me mocking you?:(
After naming our first pet "Loki," Maura is hypocritically disapproving of my suggestion that we name the next one "Abaddon"
Michael Savage: Getting me through the afternoon.
College student creates automated dorm room, includes emergency party button
Cake cake cake cake cake !!! Put my name on her!
think the same goes for us brewers fans too
My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 2
- because it's a cold wine?
oh.... B careful they may b DL especially out atl.....
Great! Keep up the good work...I am a songwriter/Artist.
I'm shaking from being at the gym Body's not used to this:,(
look for the girl with the broken smile.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
It's finally taking a nap :)
PickUpLine: I wonder what our children will look like.
My dad always comes through w the funds.
say 'eye' then spell 'map' then say 'ness'
DOUBLE TROUBLE!
What Group Shxt.!
For a comic you sure are hot!
- Exxon shows a profit of over 12 billion per day while GOP fire teachers & you're splitting hairs re: Obama on marriage?
Haha you have me memories from your ustream chat when someone repeatedly asked you if you liked peanut butter XD
Say something if your feeling the vibe!!<3(: hahha love it
Just got twitter!
*Premium 5 sessions on sale for $35* Stop by to check out our other January specials!
"i am a part time plumber"
Getting a great parking spot is like having an orgasm
yes rt ": and let me just shoot Christina before the lesbian Justin comes on. #TheVoice"
FREE GROUP FITNESS TRAINING: Join Nik at noon tomorrow (Monday) at Accolade Fitness WEST. You'll learn how to use the machines, proper...
#WhileInARelationship bitches everywhere.
Independent filmmaker/director,editor/photographer with a strong team behind it. Lets shoot?
Good Morning !! click "LIKE" NIlima Rugs and go get yourself a cup of coffee. :)
please follow me i love so so much ima big
RT when?...early next month..but I don't want to be bored and I am going to have to drive to DC...damn...smh
What did Maple Grove save some goals from the last couple of times they played Blaine in sections?!?! 15-1 DRUBBING!!
“: #LastThursday and #GreekFest all in one week? I'm a lucky girl #pdx”
Good morning my tweeters!!!
Oh no, I gotchu. Usually more & I know of no other story. Bleh!
Lilly blew my mind...and my cell phone's battery. Thus, no more pics today.
TWITTER IS BORING cause it's dead
If you haven't already... Get on it! www.facebook.com/zakdowntown new music video and songs up there.
Tomorrow is the day I put on a fake smile and pretend my life is so damn perfect.
Baby you're the one I need tonight
"Just your presence makes me fart" DEAD LMFAO
Amen. RT : #Jobseekers Functional resumes that lack chronological work history makes you look like you have something to hide
Love this j lin guy, but really how many ppl are tweeting his stats!!
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
Haha the game just had Vikings ups and downs! ROFL! Ups haha thats funny.
Had a great day at the final day of the Gainesville #FriendsoftheLibrary book sale. Everything was 10 cents!
Here's an idea: instead of sending billions to Afghanistan why don't we just spend it over here? Why waist it there when here we'd benefit?
yeah that felt better.
yeah well whatever
Any idea when the pre-order bundles are shipping? I'm getting anxious!
Another frigid winter day in NYC. Might only get up to 68°. Damn you, Punxsutawney Phil!
How about Bowling for Columbine, Erin Brockovich, Munich, Mississippi Burning and Ishtar (just because it was really awful).
thanks y'all I had to go run some errands, thanks for the help.
Seriously can't get out of bed to go to work... ah ):
Don't get me wrong, is a great person, clearly. But this is probably the biggest free agent in HISTORY.
RT Catch this one-day sale! Alaska wild-caught Sockeye salmon is only $7.99/lb tomorrow 1/20/12 don't miss it!
Zach Britton continues to politely decline Rick Dempsey's offers to massage his ailing shoulder. He's a smarter than I give him credit for.
RT : I don't sing because I'm happy; I'm happy because I sing. ~William James
waking up was a blessing..getting up is a choice...winning is the Only option!!!
No, there is still no power, water, or phone service there.
he did. Before Fallon. Watch again.
Oops Gorbachev & Sean Penn went to Von Steuben not Gage...My b.
just over think !!!
can you adopt babies at WHS now?
Spouse is asking whether my colleagues can give me an incomplete on the conference.
"Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Our Cub Scout Pack says: "Leave no trace."
Congrats! Such a rush.
MOCA Names Curator Jeffrey Deitch as Museum Director. MOCA PACIFIC DESIGN CENTER what direction this will take in terms of shows?
GOODMORNING! TO ALL
Dreams are simply a projection of your own reality.
Compete, make money, succeed, earn NINJA STATUS! Join us...www.BrandNinjas.com
I decided that when you return we should celebrate with a picnic. In the park.
The kinda guy I like! Small town cowboys,big trucks and strong who loves me for who I am(:
Im turning 20 this month, Im not sitting outside nobodies gma house or in my car just to see anybody.
u got the tracking nunmber for my shirt???
indeed, FAIL :(
I still don't fully understand how smart, or even moderately sensible persons become idiotic and overly impressionable people when joined
We are big big fans of Crown. We are also big big fans of a free ride.
On days like today, I love my job!
"Doctor, always do the right thing."
Buying out Target on a Friday night. Solid.
is going to 's dinner party fever or no fever. This is largely because I can't get off her sofa in time to avoid the guests.
Now in the 4th quarter of a long experimental film with a Tron soundtrack.
Watching everybody hates Chris.(:
Producer Bernie Goldmann ("300") will be on the "SCRIPT READINGS: DOES THE STORY WORK?" panel on 1/30/10 at Carnegie Mellon.
If I died would you even notice...?
It's on! See ya soon, SCOTUS.
Secret Circle finale!
cleaning up my room listening to the new John Mayer cd :D
....I wonder how making new friends might possibly change my relationship?
i got 99 problems but a #bitch aint one
same, could be better, but it's getting there
Fatboy® partners with for a football celebration like no other, First Annual Maxim Tailgate: Salute to Heroes on The Big Game Day!
How come so many people like caramel macchiatos?
hahaha what I can tell you ;) lol
I'm sure Brailsford will sort him out. Doesn't really become a World Champion in a home Olympic year.
Thanks for following everyone! Try get me too 1000 followers anyone? #RT shout it returned
Cheryl was hating on the acting but once the bullets started flying she's hooked. I feel a Jim Thompson style twist coming on.
So alone. … so ALONE!…SO Aloooonnnnee!
Anyone else noting that when Royals lose, SKC wins. When Royals win, SKC loses. ??
A great presentation starts with a clearly defined purpose. ~ Bob Pike (who wishes you the luck 'o the Irish today!)
at home #hoe I'm sick
Cant sleep we must be crazy
An organization's success is always the result of the efforts of many people. Smart leaders harness the power of people at all levels.
thanks for following !
Hope everyone has a nice weekend.
I gotta get my feeders out, too.
I'm a dreamer and dreaming is what I do
LMFAO @ A WET TEE-SHIRT CONTEST🙆.....
who would you guys choose? #hologram at
Violence was common at the shows the Silver Beatles played One night they were ambushed in a parking lot after a show & a fight broke out
Thanks so so much Ryan!!
It's only been a week but I feel like I've been away from NYC for months.
Just saw an IE9 ad on TV. Proving Microsoft's target audience are people who don't use computers.
What this is AMAZING!! Thank you so much for this, I don't know how this slipped past our feed! We'll be sure to RT!
We are having equipment issues and will be closed pending a fix. We will let you know when we are open again! ;-)
I did it again. Washed down sinus meds with Red Bull. When will I learn? Now, I have to run around outside until my heart explodes.
“: definitely! And ill help promo it too! #FollowBack” thank you so much.
I did - thanks for the coverage!
Remember, I know how to kill you and leave NO forensic evidence.
Hi handsome. How are you?
Bucky doing work! RT : Go Badgers! Sorry
There's a slew of memorable Michelangelo "Pietà" homage covers by Marvel and DC. Batman #156 is a good one.
Faced #professional rejection again today. I guess it just wasn't meant to be. C'est la vie. #Advertising… Love and hate it. :)
how can i be down ? lol
we have an operator getting "message not received" when responding to users via the widget. What do you need to check it out?
Thank you for cheering me up last night. You and your British accent rock the casbah.
I wonder if the president ever does anything with his time that benefits America. Nope not yet :/
The Black N Gold are back!!!
Megan Kelly on Fox News just fired up CAIR ... "Megan your awhsome!"
Please do. That's a puzzler.
Can still taste the #sparks on your tongue.
Wow full blown Jury duty orientation. Who knew?
Alright alright alight
When was i ever on your top ? Never , & Bc i want you to chase me first , Kk , it's not that easy .
To the gym directly after work to run some steam off, and hopefully some calories! Lol
Celebrity sighting: !
RT What I thought I wanted I lost interest in..
Walking wit my shades on around the house
ha mike richards
Eating healthy isn't easy but it sure does make a difference. Since I cut out fast food and all that kind of stuff I feel fantastic!!
The Heat
This is my new twitter my old one is suspended.
Date with my #1 man :)
yea man! Where are you located again?
Large construction crew tearing up the street right out side my office today in SF. Ugh.
So proud of Paisley for getting into DAAP! Congrats! xo
um hello!!! Who's going to see us play an acoustic set on thursday at Chain Reaction in Anaheim?
Has some fucking cool hair.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
your Jimmy Choos look fabulous, Kylie! Xoxo
tell people to follow me I am having a contest with my friend
Chillen listen to my music. d-_-b. on the way home
There's a Zamp in My Lamp and A Wocket in My Pocket. Dr. Seuss, thx for making the world alright.
When reality hits, it hits hard.
How did you approach shoes on your wedding day? Ballet flats, heels, barefoot on the beach?
i'm coming at 6:45
They say that drinking excessive alcohol lowers testosterone levels in the body. 2 oz/day is considered healthy!
Thanks for the RT!
New tracks sound tight, excited for the LP :)
My mom and this jherri curl 😂😂😂😂
why dont you nguys offer an iphone 4 unlock once the contract is done?
Simon Van Booy speaks about his new novel "Everything Beautiful Began After" today at the Brown Bag Lecture series. 12-1 in the Rines!
RT - That's how we do it, Cleveland!! Only down by 3 runs now!!! lol
If you say so ... RT: Jimmy the Groundhog did NOT see his shadow - that means an early spring! YEAH!!
let's clean up your act lol jk
michele already making excuses!!
u bad as yo
Eating the cookies might remove ant temptation, so two birds/one stone with that plan, imo.
you and Hilly are an inspiration to me(:
no problem! See you soon!
Saying hello: These transfers hope a new address makes for a big season
Jog felt amazing! :) as alwayss
getting my desk somewhat decluttered. now if i could just do that for the rest of my office
I just forgot.......(BLAST DARK AND PEACE FOR FITING AND JJ FOR STEALING DARK AWAY FROM ME
#NiallFollowNarniaNeeds1D ! ;D How About It Nialler ? (: hm .
Not in high-school anymore.
What's going with don and the mother? Anyone else see that? Yep
Jo Ann Fabrics had a store they were liquidating and I got stuff for ridiculously cheap! This is going to be a crafty summer!
It's no problem :) maybe you will go one day when they come to your town :D
At least I came in second. Or did I cum first? I don't remember.
Just taking a nap !..
Habitat builds its 400th House on Monday, come by and check it out! 2528 N 20th Street 10am
gah! But that's the day after my Portland trip ends
Someone Like YOU.•*´`°•.♥.•♪♫ Hope yur're having a Great Day : )B
Well put (and clearly, on your part, well executed).
SERIOUSLY!?!? A7. Plates are for women - guys eat straight off the grill
about to just get down to business & finish all my work for the rest of my semester, tonight.So ill just be freaking done Except for finals.
fine by me.
Note to self -- commit murder on the southern coasts.
Please help top 100,000 followers. They're less than 300 away from that number (and they follow back as soon as they can!).
A win is a win. Go !
Can't wait to share our two big announcements tomorrow! Pay attention around 10 AM tomorrow morning.
Men never think they're being sexist. Whatever, we just won't run in their race then!
#NP Suffocate - J. Holiday
Looking for funding to help homeless people get their ID documents. Any suggestions? Thanks!
The Far West HEB is, in all probability, purgatory.
haha! Just saw that episode too! Pretty profound...
hey olivia i'm comin to the Gatsby to hae u do my first somkey eye. . . ya i'm15
Don't spend your Saturday or day off shredding paper. Schedule a pick-up or bring your documents to us.
hey Mike do you have an email that I can contact you with?
is makin banana nut bread :)
Watch the Kentucky Derby today. It'll be your last chance to see juiced-up 3-year-old athletes until gymnastics in the 2012 Summer Olympics
Unless you live in the country don't drive a manual car. Traffic is a bitch for your left leg.
This! RT : if you're looking for someone that agrees with you on every subject, you'll end up in front of a mirror.
how dearly do I miss the beers that happened at #scms12 Damn you illness!!
I'm thinkin bacon
loves his girlfriend
leaving to fly to minneapolis for #aam2012 eek! I think I have everything...
thanks Ashley. Have a good one too :)
RT : "If you build it, they will come." Digital Library Lending Up 130% by in
RT LMFAO!!! “: At least the tit is real. Lovely and sickening ,boom”
Integral Yoga donated $50 credit for food/drink purchase. We bought lots of yummy drinks from IY!
no I didn't know that but I guess I do now
Our grades due in on Tuesday. You?
If ya Wanna Party, Put Your Money On Smarty! ... Say Morn Research for Preakness.
So yeah, if you try to go to Belga Cafe, make sure that some jerk doesn't scalp your reservation, bc they won't stick up for you at all.
yeah to me Uni is still a school, it's where you learn haha & you're welcome! :)
"People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care". -John C. Maxwell
I think its cute when guys wear cardigans .
Mind you I just turned 19....
Pulling for
: please follow me:)
thanks for the RT. days only get shorter from here.
That's why she's with me
I hate my spanish class omg.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
good work
One more day until SUPERDRAFT! When are you arriving?
Just waiting for that hit single from so that I can release it to the world..I have the future of the industry over here!
Except for herpies. That shit will come back with ya
Looks like great fun--congrats.
Melbourne, the word, makes me think of crackers. I don't know why.
Afternoon Warning. There is no safe container to store your values while you're at work; not living your deepest values will leak on you
i know the feeling i was like that last week..
It's a shame I'm probably going to fail my algebra class in college. Because without it, I'd never be able to get done what I just did.
I'm for real in love with Betty White
mane i feel u on that but whao lol
i love you past the moon and stars
RT : Kelly Ayotte asked about VP: "I have to go talk to some schoolchildren
I seem to have a high tolerance for most meds. Usually double what others take. Not anesthesia. It never works out well :(
You're like V. But we'll call you B. "B for Bendetta."
I have to ask. If you are such a God fearing man, why did you not only cheat on your wife twice, but abuse the city money?
The countdown has begun. These next few months are going to be lifechanging, and difficult.
Holy shit someone threw water on Madonna and she melted!!...Ding Dong the witch is dead...
sounds like a great way to spend a birthday lunch! :)
da Heat n Knicks need to hurry and come one im tired of watching Chicago n Philly
Guess who is going to be in Angola this weekend??? Get the Smirnoff ready!
My favorite animal is steak
Let's go Let's go Let's go! I really wanna go(:
Where did you hear this kick ass news?
Chistopher, contact who is in Taos via Twitter or Facebook.
Hiking the incline!
Last year a woman groom or backside worker went missing after Derby. Was she ever found?
SEND ME ONE AINT SCARED BROWN SKIN NOT RED LOL.....
Oil prices are lowering, I guess fining Oil Corps $52M got someone's attention! Regulations do work, especially for the Middle Class!
I was pulling for them too. The match at Newcastle will be crazy.
#theone? yeah.. k
I trRIED to use the USC DISASTER APP for the #GREATSHAKEDOWN on my new i-phone and instead got the Angry Siri app.
good luck tomorrow. Thanks for leading the team through adversity. An admirable job by you and this team. Go get the Gators.
yell at him!!! GIVE BIANCA HER PRESENT!
Shakespeare's favorite food was pancakes
Good question! Glancing at Wikipedia, it looks like 2 VPs have been nominated by the president & confirmed by Congress...
follow back ? Done
We've got a good human verification solution that is better than distorted text. I'd love your thoughts.
oh no
interesting timing, tmbg plays here tomorrow night!
Did every one have a blast last night at Arty and/or Axwell?!
with dragons and a 16 year old boy that meets NaLee and they go off on adventures
I wanna have a good grades without studying. I wanna have money without working. But most of all, I wanna love without getting hurt.
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. -Dale Carnegie
Just saw "Time Stands Still" Really, really good. Up until Feb 19! And now to go read the international news...
I only follow back REAL NIGGAZ & BADD BITCHES
Do you have soul ? Living in bliss ? Trying to scream threw all that the mist, just make sure that when you scream people realize you exists
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
The altar/prayer is your inspection station. Anywhere else, you may void your warranty! The maker of your vehicle has authorized dealers.
Did you make 6 months goals for 2012? You're almost there! How are you doing?
Good point.
Looking back at this ENTIRE generation, what grade would you give Nintendo? Give us your reasons why you chose the grade that you did!
TGIF!!! come in for some great drink specials all day and night long..
With 6 TDs, Ravens WR Torrey Smith is now 2nd in the NFL in TD receptions among rookies (AJ Green - 7)
nah he fell asleep with Charlotte, I have to go wake him up
miley cyrus dhfldsajfldsljf
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom
OMG I want PHO so bad
Out KK versus AJ: Ace on the flop.
are you a UW Jewish freshman? COME TO YOGURTLAND from 5:30 to 8 tonight for some yummy yogurt with hillel!
sure :D
- yes! Every tues downstairs
Corey Hart is making 2 mil more than Ryan Braun this year... the hell??.....
So, there's this fcking number texting me, telling me that (s)he knows me and that I should know him/her but won't tell me his/her name! TF
It's all coming together... Now, if I could just find some time to sleep!
Weekend! If only I didn't have to work tomorrow. Oh well, at least it's only 4 hours.
That random bruise you find and have NO idea how you got it
so if he doesn't get first you won't be happy? I'm taking your word on that
US. I'll be at UT-Austin in English in the fall (moving from WGS). Turned down Pittsburgh based entirely on coursework reqs.
aww that's so sweet. I would love to ;)
My God today was awesome at University High School !! I started 4 prayer circles around tables at lunch and prayed with like 20 people!! =D
Thank you for the follow. It means a lot to me:)
STALKERS meeting tonight at that secret spot! You know the one!!
I miss my car.
insomnia from hell last nite xx
Gaining hot followers >
Yay for time zones... It's currently 1:23 pm in Sydney. Random time update :) who's all planning on going to KC? -Caitlin xx
you don't need one?vi go to FIU, neither do i
Over 25 instructors came from all around Australia, Perth in the West to Gold Coast in the East
is Nicolette there
What if hell is really the earths core
your tweets crack me up !!!
I'm packing for my trip to the #MW2012 conference in San Diego! I'm excited.
whose nasty legs are those?
Where in East Cincy area can I watch the #Packers every week? I really miss my team. Locally shown #NFL games not worth watching.
Does this explain bars named Blue Shamrock?
How about an animation contest and I give away some art??!?
getting ready to participate as a subject in a research study comparing 5 cameras that photograph the optic nerve.
We're excited about the warm January weather, and completing a rockin' website for !
Tebow 3:16 says I just blessed your ass
Keep it moving
Fill me in has Anne Romney ever worked a day in her life?
let me count the ways..ENJOY! Can u say Chocolate And TEA???
I must finish pulling velcro off of the cloth diapers....it's taking forever!
well it was wonderful. I have always loved the docs on the amish. Have u don any documentary work with the homeless?
Can't Wait To Get Dem Detroit Lions.....The Green Bay Packers Go Hard!
Then it works out, and your sentence is commuted. Till the next book.
She got a phat ass too...
I do...surprising no one reply yet. See how long it take me to find the link
Join us Tuesday: Exhibit reception for "Jewish Washington," an exploration of D.C.'s Jewish community, 6:30 p.m. at MLK....
#3WordsForYou live learn love.
You know this.
you may see too much of it! :)
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose. -L. B. Johnson.
my most recent camera purchase was a Canon from the 80's, so I think I'm immune.
Omg! wait. JUSTIN is in NYC ??!
Falcons need to get their **** together !
I will follow you back, but this better be more than contest spam :P
Hollywood Diet with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
you stood out bc stood out to me last year and now I can't help but like &share his awesome stuff
The Bungler was terrific tonight! So glad we got to see it and hear Julia and the cast talk about the play afterward.
Southwestern salmon #yum !!
RT : I have one particular talent which is knowing One Direction more than I know myself.
and btw...Twitter. How fantastic. 2 dudes thousands of miles apart talking in 2 countries about music and how awesome #SPN is
saw that this morning.....so hilarious! It's begging for voiceovers....
Facebook Keeps Fuckin Freezing On My Phone >:(
was being #awkward last night when we were skyping. Now I'm going to tweet her until she wakes up.
I haven't seen so much goaltending since last weekend's water basketball game! Tim Thomas thinks the Heat are good goaltenders!
im feelin alright
Have a great day.
Newark NJ Public schools and DrugFreeHome Foundation.org will announce substance abuse programs to keep kids safe
Once on This Island at Paper Mill Playhouse!
Time to start sketching the garden plans this year
mark henry is an big mother fucker
Mikayla&#39;s blog: Mini Me Wedding Cake Toppers can be the unique ...
Rainy, cold day + gobs of work to get done = creative dreamtime aka naptime ;)
Wine tasting tonight! Anytime from 6-8pm. 3 great wines from Kuleto- Estate Cab, Zin and Syrah. Enjoy them by the glass too
participation from faculty? or other departments?
Just had an amazing run around the loop AND the reservoir in Central Park. you would have been proud.
Half time mob 94 rats 44
You make it do good, I don't wanna leave.
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us here at the Y!
you're such a loyal customer, I would never get mad at you especially when you're eating from other trucks!! You rock! Eat local!
Hey Twitter friends! Stay tuned for a BIG announcement coming Thursday!
make sure u get us a copy of that mixtape 4 , we feature Indie artist on our radio and magazines.
Signed up for the GYM!!! Yayyyy!!!!
Naw this is like Peter Pan, believe and it will be!
#raw10 Had a Friend who was 500lbs, he dated a Woman who was 300lbs. He was telling me they ate dinner n bed. I thought Animal Channel.
what about Central America? Belize, Costa Rica or Nicaragua? Pelican Eyes or Morgan's Rock in Nicaragua are great!
Which reminds me, I need to buy a VHS to record my friends presentation. ;)
I feel like no ones on my side today.
You're still funny as hell- I love your show! You inspired me to lose the rest of my weight & I feel great! Keep up the gd wk
Good Mooring everyone! Hop you have a great day!
Please share with us your 100th anniversary stories, features, events, etc...
I would do very terrible things to get tickets to see Linkin Park!!
More cocktails!!
I know it's crazy. But I feel like with that beard Harden seems so much older
I may ignore you, but ima need you later watch I kno I am ! It never fails
There are heat guns way cheaper at any local hardware store or Lowes/Home Depot.
We're cusping. Family is becoming intergenerational. Giving more room to breath.
We're looking for a #WindowsVista backup or complete OS disc. If u have 1 plz tweet back.
Chris Brown 
he's got a point. See him there every time I'm there as well.
Heading to Houston for series of #sportsbiz meetings. Train keeps rolling.
Save check-point? No Xbox, Please erase ALL progress I've made in the 18 hours I've been playing you. I will facerape your family, Xbox.
Sioure To release New #SEO Strategies Increase conversions
RT : San Diego city employees should please report to work tomorrow.
Or when they say "have a nice trip!" and you say "you too!" and they aren't going anywhere.
#FF goes out to today. Excellent, comprehensive blog for #inhouse counsel managed by former #GC in #tech field.
good ill back you up ;)
Really wish I was going to the White House Correspondents Dinner tonight. Hopefully I will someday.
I never imagined I'd call a late-August trip to Sarasota a respite from the heat but, 90 feels pretty awesome after 3 months of 105.
I get why they made the 1800, 100 proof label black now
I need 6 followers to 2780! :D
sew together 3 growl towels
Beanie time. Guess who's not doing their hair for the next couple months?!
Love my life even more after this news! (:
why you need surgery??
good for you for putting the dog first. So many people are selfish.
that'd be fun to bump
who's Robert Griffin I?
Facebook keeps changing, updating..yet they can't add a simple "dislike" button.”
“: Some of my readings recently include Niccolò Machiavelli , Plato, Jack LaLanne and Mark Twain.” u should read "everyone poops"
lol i know post something on your facebook status or something!! :)
bout to go do my thugthizzle
#chicago it's #rainy &#cold today! If you need to get somewhere find out where is Rollin' !!
Goss: Our work focuses on changing conditions in neighborhoods and schools for kids.
Whats with lesbians and not answering phonecalls? Is this like, a thing I don't know about?
Build some grooves off your 2nd rack tom (or 1st if you haven't got 1). Ride on it, use both hands on it and create grooves/fills.
Time for to call Randy Moss
one of the best speakers I've ever seen. Thanks Chris!
Thank you, Leslie!
What do I win??? A Visit???AWESOME!!
watching Maury and writing,
oh yes. Cant wait to see the lineup.
#np Morgan Page - In The Air - Episode 98
Jake Ryan from Sixteen Candles is my hero 💜
then I'm off to
Now hooked on "White Collar" - in the midst of a marathon thx to
"But that was anonymous !!" "Dude..you put you're name on it."
#TebowGotTradedFor a Rex Ryan sweater vest.
Worked on the Winter leaves today for my tree mosaic! Progress pic tomorrow!
really dont want to be here rnn
I'll be happy to officially meet you too, Liz! In passing & online, but soon official : ).
I just got in town this weekend. Let's link up after the holiday. Sunday?
Thanks so much. This is my way of trying to give back.
.when we gonna kick it blood? >_>
Where's the global message we good today?
Can someone explain why i have to pay $2 to put my luggage in the trunk of a #dc cab?
I bet I could raise funds for it
Ok ladies and gentlemen my Bears comments are starting a little late today due to a rough night last night.
loll no its probly his other little friends . Connor is annoying loll
thanks for the awesome shout out, Jaimie!!
such bad language! Is that in the Holy Koran? I think not. Calm yourself. You know that I speak the truth.
Same teen as earlier looking for mysteries or non-fiction about knights. We had the same communication issues.
You went from wanting to get buff to positive influence. It's like you get really deep at night and get lost in thought.
Sushi is the best celebration meal. Fatty tuna. Asahi super dry. Memories of other sushi celebration.
Planet Tennis : Full reset. Fuse lit. Focus restored. Goals get blurry when your trying to launch from small unknown island...
Its not whether they think you won... Its whether YOU know you won!!!
Is your company's open enrollment for insurance coming up? We'll review your options for free so you know what you're getting! 757-486-4880
drinking of course...little kettle one mixed with whatever the fuck i can find...just waiting for baseball
Oh, writers. Also, I want to start using the phrase "And that's glummifying because..." in conversation.
If you want to influence someone, be sure you make them feel important. Criticism will only drive them to other options.
Parker Music in Houston this year will be celebrating 100 years in business. Wow!
Tebow gets confused. Thinks "Gang Green" entitles him to Kermit's job. Cookie Monster demands trade.
Live in an apartment? Want a container garden? Slow Food will install on Blitz Day, 5/29 Contact for more info
I just heard hail. Oh my poor car :(
Judaism140: 1 God, 1 chosen people. Do the Law (all 613), tell the story (Egypt to Zion, exile to return), repair the world. 2012 in 97502!
Go on
that's the major hurdle of writing a movie about truth. It's hard going middle ground in that area. Polarizing issue.
well, that was fast! Enjoy!
Dan let us know when you would like to meet up for lunch. Thanks!
What is in your smoothie this morning? I am thinking of raspberry, pear, romaine, lime and mint!
follow me betch; hope all is well.
good thing i'm working late RT : Grandview Ave closed in both directions at McKinley Ave. overturned truck
even w/o doing that -- it's not as though modern life has no drama just because of cell phones, even w/reception.
That cake looks wonderful! Wish I could eat a piece right now :)
***Associate Art Manager*** A Studio- UK
It's a beautiful nite for brainstorming.
Sassy is 's middle name
Not feeling holly nor jolly, rather grouchy actually
Everyone have a happy and safe weekend and cinco de mayo!
I have a headache. Taking a whole bottle of tylenol ... If I don't wake up, someone be sure to play brand new at my funeral. Thanks.
We second that!!
Thank you very much :)
Ah, St Patty's day. The day everyone pretends to be Irish. To all those who already start celebrating, have fun!
Hi. I'm Selena. -smiles sweetly at you-
Happy Mardi Gras from your friends at Anode where "Flash" is a multimedia platform not something you do on Bourbon Street!
im sorry, but i do hope u get better.
it's friday and a work day, gotta get some sleep to start the work day. good night and Go Mavs!
I LOVE the "on the next…" previews for Mad Men. They are just random lines that reveal nothing about the next episode. Brilliant.
yeah, but you had some tasty #Memphis #BBQ , right?
wuz up bra
That new wiz song bumping...
It's SUPERBOWL SUNDAY YA'LL! Come join us for the game (And commercials, of course) for $9 bucket of domestics ALL DAY... See you here!
exactly. Need to be hungry going into the playoffs. We are at LAX on way to Portland! Get you anything?
You are too funny! : They're trying to get Rihanna to play the VILLAIN in Fast Six? Stop this foolishness
lol yea buddy!!
follow back first please =) then I'll follow u =)
Will we be watching our Ravens this season or not?
SO much better!! Thanks MB!
Is it just me or did anyone else find that the third transformers sucked?
Wow. Bathroom fight @ 7 & 9. Can't wait until the teen years
#Obama is in favor of same sex marriage. IT'S ABOUT EFFING TIME!!! Geez man took you long enough.
"Fashions fade, style is eternal." — Yves Saint-Laurent * Find your style at SACHE! Come see us today! ;)
Hahaha, thank you, it was soo much to make!! :)
If karma could dance, she'd tango forever.
RT : Misread Amer Assn of Museums as "Assassination of Museums;" laughed.
Since I've never won anything in my life, could I just donate a nice amount and win coffee?? SO worth the drive from NYC :)
Why am i supposed to do?
Great Smile and dress .You were awesome!
recovering from cycling 26 inspiring miles to raise $ for MS
- you gotta be kidding me..
Voter Education Seminar Saturday, March 10 11:00 AM Rodman Street Missionary Baptist Church (Pittsburgh, PA)
You never have to refund the advance to the factor, but you must pay interest to the factor for any advance against the invoice.
Oui, oui...thought u were going to be here late with me :(
haha well be finee just share reading it with me itll take 30 seconds
Real men don't blame women for ANY of their problems especially when he picked her
sunday night -- immersed in powerpoint
Doing well - always trying to figure out the next step. Each day I seem to come up w/a different answer!
You know you're getting old when you catch yourself thinking that the trees used to be smaller
Thanks for the RT!
happy birthday ! (=
dog tired. no pun intended.
lol! Didn't think u was really into that kind stuff
Go to the Scriptures...the joyful promises it contains will be a balsam to all your troubles. Andrew Jackson
any clues on how to work with <input type="file"> in ?
I love my baby , I love what we have and were we going . I appreciate you more than will ever know . #6MonthsAndCounting <3
from the movie C.C. and Company (trashy but fun, a favorite).
Tonight, a special treat: a book printed on actual paper! Saving culture for Franzen one book at a time.
I'm SO excited, London then a train ride to Paris! I'm spending 13 days in Europe :)
Uptown is hopping! So festive!
you guys need to come down to ATX. let us book a show for you!
RT : If OU goes to the SEC do our players suddenly get faster?
RT : "Sir Richard, life is a game in which the player MUST be ridiculous."
Wow my band just got put on a random battle of the bands that no one set up???
how can i service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his latest joint "shot's fired.
What do they call Chinese food in china? Fast food? They probably have burger joints up & call them American restaurants.
no commericals? where did you hear that from?
Me, too.
Hi I dont like pie.
- Hi, Joyce ! Nice to see you in my space ! Welcome ! JL16
I am glad this topic is getting old to you too!!
would love to. shoot me an email. my address in on my website
ya sorry the feminist studies class.
Random tweet: why does Metta World Peace always look dazed and crazed?
Rouge Tours are open if you're looking for indoor snowday fun. Our buses are running slow and steady. Drive safe, esp. today!
And that's what people pay for - to see the bad guys get beat. Sonny Liston
follow me back :)x
Sounds like fun!
Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God & he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
Guys that are Tall
I had a dream that and I were best friends and doing a show together. Why can't dreams be true?
partner releases were coming out every few months to provide time for feedback on each one
Goal by Paul Vella to give the marauders the lead. 2-1 Saint Peters!!
that can't be real LOL
How can they possibly walk in skirts that short & heels so high & when did I become a cranky 97 year old?
Dear Camera, Why do you make me look so ugly? Mirror is so nice to me =P
Want to follow the personal feed of one of the people who contributes to twitter feed? It's me!
The Mequon man who hit a bike cop last Sept. while driving drunk was sentenced today. Hear what he had to say in court at 5pm.
How often do you have your #AC system checked?
She should. My hips don't lie.
21 Jump Street was funny.
ay up - whats the craic Cassie! What warmer-than-Kent locale are you at these days?
four words: Walk off grand slam
Some people LEARN to be fabulous. Others were BORN to be.
The weather outside is...sunny.
ill follow tomorrow i hit my limit
What's everyone listening to?
Casting Director Jodi Angstreich is on twitter!!
"Are you happy?" I can't describe to you, at all, how unbelievably happy I am...nobody but me will ever know it.
unless either base runner scores. Those are CJs runs.
real men always take it we dont never ask
The World Health Day Twitter chat will continue.
just got up time to get up ya another day for the blocka
On my way to my grandma's Xmas program @ church! Get it grandma :) more memories to cherish ;)
Feeling so sick today :/
haha you're very welcome
Happy Birthday Elvis
It's only going to shift more as more more browsers add the unified search/address bar. Coming to Safari in Mountain Lion.
I don't need a horse race to give me a reason to drink bourbon...
I agree . If that happens , I'm going to run on stage and sock that girl in the face. nbd.
Dont be sorry HOE be careful
I trust you made it clear he should come in through the raccoon door.
I MaY nOt LiKe ThE STEELERS BuT i HaTe ThE broncos So ThE STEELERS BeTtEr KiCk SoMe A$$!!!!!!
TAPE has 3 more previews until our official opening on 9/13. Get discounted tix to previews by using the code "FRIENDS". www.tapenyc.com
Thanks! That's pretty helpful. :)
boutique also = unworkable electronics/outlets, paid WiFi and no pool (guests can use facilities next door!)
what kind?
It's high time to allow love and respect of others to rule.
I don't understand how people can get the words "our" and "are" mixed up. Are people that retarded?
