snowed in and thankful to have my electicity.....
the challenging part is to start writing. It is not easy
#NFLDRAFT...how to read through the BS is the key...I think the first 6 are solid...Jags could do anything...still like Ingram there...
Off to a good start thanks to the upgrade. It pays to be a loyal customer. Next stop JFK.
Be careful what you search engine.
PS: make sure you tell Dan (danwarp) just how much you want Mandy back! #iWantMandyBack ftw!!!! :)
I laugh when I hear people say the #Avengers is too long. Those are the same people that don't think twice about spending 6 hours on FB.
So, yeah.
I tried it on Sunday, get the meat down first, and quickly!
I need a second to breath
I hate when people judge other people's relationships so dumb
it wasnt meant for both of them it was meant for his virginity and ONLY his virginity he still wore it whule he was with jasmine
Back to Iron Man, which teaches us that real science happens when one person has unlimited resources and the proper inspiration!
committed nothing short of improv blasphemy onstage tonight. he is an improv heretic. hopefully he survives the improv inquisition.
i need a new profile pic... but idk like this this one... hm
Hm trying out #Spotify and have to say it blows #Pandora away. Far fewer repeats, better selections.
ha!ha!
I'm actually excited to show a house in the East Mountains! I never thought I'd say something like that in my life!
I wish delivered!
When there is a long line at the coffee counter and you get complicated, unspeakable things need to happen to you.
oh! Well, that's even better advice then!
A mini one...it's 70F right now....but we have a crosswind with the windows open....so we are good *S*
how can i get my crush to like me hmm
you iz weird! :D
"DOUGHN'T GO IN THERE."
I am about to purge my Facebook page of about 100 "likes" sounds like a fun way to spend an evening.
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse! - Groucho Marx
Nervousness in Kentucky hasn't been this high since the first Civil War
He also has a bumper sticker on his computer that says "Who is John Galt?" So, there you go.
nice. Where are u located
Lol my seafoam green Mountain Dew Baja Blast is the same color as my shorts.
Happy Follow Friday Jeydon!!!!! Maybe I could get a follow!!! PLEASE!!!! :]
If you have any questions, please feel free to tweet us!
good luck!!
Good Luck today seeking the sweep
Going to see the wild cows of vermont
Im not going try and be your friend anymore. You are going to have to earn my friendship from now on.
thanks, they were great! hope to see you again soon!
omg hold up qurl, I have like the same ones!!
post-meeting: I drank two large glasses of orange juice.
My dog viciously growls at neighbor's set of animatronic lawn reindeer.
im mr.reckless with a capital R
I meant real email address, so I can use more than 140 characters.
sorry, it's not my fault everyone else has to pee at the same time as you. maybe don't drink so much beer?
Is it wrong that I have a cartoon crush on Violet?
Is Ah Straight Stranger .
I'm just used to at least 20GB. Less than that means I have to be more discriminating with what i put on there. i like options!
When will Roenicke realize that Loe is not an 8th inning guy? #Brewers stink.
That itch you get on the top of your foot after you put your shoes on.
Awkward moment when u look up n see something at the wrong time even if it wasnt meant to be like that
I like it.
Lol no I definitely did not! We had a mellow trip. No dry humping the floor for us!
Every day I find yet another reason to be happy about switching over to a Mac and another reason to love my Mac Air.
My monorail is 50 years old. That's a good number to stop at. Can we tear it down please? Let's face it: it's kind of shitty.
Matusz made Hamilton look silly during that at bat.
He who makes himself a dove is eaten by the hawk. - Italian Proverb
Off to University of Wisconsin for the first of 4 speaking engagements! Go Ash Ash!
she so cute
what are yhur plans for todaii!???
Great meeting today, looking forward to working together!!
Whoever blocking your #blessings, YOU need to block out of your life. #livistithramblings, #life, #relationships,
Thank you Deb! That really means a lot!
Milwaukee Ballet | The Nutcracker 3 Day Sale runs through Wednesday. Get all the magic at a fraction of the price! www.milwaukeeballet.org
Wow! What a game!
did you read my # personalmessages that I've sent you.
So now Real Estate Connect is the Inman Data Summit? OMG!!! What's next?
#brio flatiron Obama is down the block. Stop by for a plate of pasta Mr. President
Its hot af in this bitch # not feeling it
Feed me
so glad you enjoyed the concert! The kids have been working very hard. Hope to see you around!
watching music vids :) u?
*Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!!! King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!!!!
keep ur head up. Do work. U be back before we know it!
P.S. is doing a fantastic job on pregame stuff. He's articulate and quite frankly adorable. :-)
We hope everyone has a wonderful holiday surrounded by family and friends!-From everyone at Locust Productions
It has been a great year had fun playing with all you guys!! -- ryanmo2187
Job hunting ....
HOLY MAC AND CHEESE! XD
Retweet for a cause. Each retweet sends $2 towards #lifesaving #heart research & education from ’s.
dang! Are they just getting frustrated or what?!
Lookin at my mentions and all i see is my girlfriend beautiful facee <3 >>>>>>>>>>>>>> :)
Omg found out stuff I really didn't need to know I would have been happy to find out 3 months from now
Please call us at 1-800-947-4033 so we can follow up. Sorry to hear about the poor service you received!
Not yet :-( I snuck off to the health fair after your talk, but hopefully you're still around when we return
Come on by the 10th Annual Spring Bazaar today and tomorrow 9a-4p Over 70 vendors, with arts & crafts, deals, prizes, and so much fun!
People... CrossFit Harlem was rough this morning. SYN is no joke!
Hey lady! So proud for you today! You rock!
I haven't found the right guy);
if you think that all I can say is "what a fool believes"
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away
I'm down to fight !
Sometimes I wish I wasn't dating a senior
congrats on SNL!
Don't miss Backbeat's FREE night-Sunday-We The Granada-Pygmaeus
does this include Cowboy poetry? haha
Chinese food<3
lol nope not yet
thank you very much for the shoutout! I am glad you liked it! Let me check out your comment and respond :)
oh, trust us. We are. it's on.
jasper of course
say what?
Don't wait sign up now and get a free class
Obviously watching Elf on USA.
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope & Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs. Now we have no Job..df Job
Just learned happy hour is illegal in the state of Illinois.
wow didn't realize you and were on twitter...
Hey Folks! What are we talking about this evening?
lolololol why though, im excited to see you
Learn about C history at Breakheart - Wicked Local
This weekend H.S. Hoops - Looking at 2012 ESBC nominees Zack Elcano (2012,Westfield H.S.), and Marcus Knight (2012, Gar-Field H.S.)
Thank you so much for following
Have you told someone about If All Else Fails Productions today?!
I like to think of this as "jewelry for your home"
I'm god I don't have school anymore hahaha :)
Congress finally passed the Local Community Radio Act on Saturday evening.
#lrnchat always but then you run into encoding and decoding issues so skill set of learners need to be on par
dinner sat is perfect for me!
My sleep schedule is so messed up. Just woke up! :D
I'm so dumb for leaving all this hw to do right nowww ! :(
Dean: dammit, i look like one of the blues brothers. Sam: aww no you dont. U look more like a 7th grader at his first dance.
I have it(:
we'll be on Friday night to watch the season 1 finale. Join us!
Adida$ won that battle.
Rexy Ryan is the cuter one of the Ryan Twins
ok talk to me then(; ❤
Seattle Fats Writers group meets tomorrow night in the lounge, 7-9pm.
the trench coat is back baby lol
hm, ok. Hope it's fixed soon. xoxo
Stitchy Sundays is having the day off to celebrate mothers.
The Ace Hardware we opened.
???? RT : Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to?
This weekend make sure to watch & - some of the most thought-provoking TV out there! #FF ,
Let us know when you'll be in :) RT : You're on! Wanna meet at Twin Anchors some weeknight? Or ...
Well Brunch is up!Sahara toast,Moroccan tarts,Biscuits with Egg,bacon,tomato,Breakfast Sandwiches,Fresh Granola,fat free yogurt,french toast
Some kids live to hold a gun, to shoot somebody. That's the only way they know, all they think about.
Thank you to Senator Menendez's Office for meeting w/ Ed & Tom to discuss #Muskie program and other
I'm so sorry to the folks that got that stupid spam text from me. My twitter account has obviously been hacked. Don't click on the link!
No one deserves to go through what she went threw
- love that one, too!
I'm having second thoughts about the cactus wrestling contest.
that's a different story entirely, but you said a million blankets and covers. Boom.
He is not here; for He is risen, as He said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay. Matthew 28:5-6. Katt Williams and Will Ferrell
NO BOO! We are going to buy a tent & stalk 1 direction the whole day!
Video Shoot 8:00 pm at Triple A!! Come make a Cameo!!!! First 10 ladies get Free Smooth!!!!!
no le muestres el pan a Los hambrientos! :P
Sorry, it was at Leff's Lucky Town. Don't worry, check in the next two days from 11 to 1 for more chances to win the gift card.
Correction. Hookah Bar and My Bed.
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
I be texting back slow as hell. Lol.
i could totally run 10km in 100 hours.. that's not hard at all man
just had football practice
"Come with me by yourselves to a quiet place and get some rest." - Jesus Mark 6:31 NIV
Yes!! Great idea.
Ew no he's too ugly
No one ever eats their own food, we always end of mixing all of our lunches. lmfao , , & twitterless Julie <3
In uncertain times, we must lean on our faith.
Trip to Sally Bell's for box of cupcakes. Cupcakes: $8; the joy of getting a $40 parking ticket: priceless.
Rainy ass nights >
Shouldn't it be the other way around ;-)
What a game!
lmfao why u always ranking ?
If I hadn't been so lucky I'd be, shootin' pool in my bachelor pad. Playing bass in my cover band.
Reading is the best vocab exercise! I promise! My students (mostly) don't believe this -- will you?
I have a penchant for tomfoolery, it's in my mischievous nature, so I apologize for any discomfort I have caused you.
Weird ass ppl s reaming out my window
idk it has to be a good movie though!
oh yes, one million congrats! sending over lady lovin.
Yes, It's here again! Happy Friday All, let the weekend begin ;)
Join one of the fastest-growing law firms in #Boston as their Conflicts Analyst! The firm is actively seeking an experienced candidate to j…
"...houses in the neighborhoods." Nice.
A3: E-mail for elaborate communication. Social Media for engagement and relationship building.
Life is too good not to live with grace.
I duly apologise for my Canyon.... So to speak
Sister sleeping in my bed means no Mike&Mike this morning. How will I know what's going on in the world?
Love the new music video guys!
The second season really is a lot better. Ron Swanson alone makes it worthwhile!
I'm alright..
In milwakee heading for Manhattan!
lost the "gloat factor" today as it's the same weather & temp in Los Angeles as it is in Nottingham.... not a happy camper...
PlayBook sold out in India as festive sale gives RIM tablet rare boost
These storms are wicked really need someone to cuddle with anyways follow me
- Saw Mazzy at the most incongruous show ever: them, Jesus & Mary Chain & Velvet Crush. Great show, tho
I think it's funny when a girl can beat a guys ass
Jumpball gives it back to Panthers...steal by Nored, foul by Ryan Allen. Dogs have it down one 5:00 to play
listening to 1D while trying to finish a history project at 4 a.m.
Going to visit what is hopefully our new office this morning!!! AAAAAHHH!
same here. I love this show...
Same day I learn about my awesome tax return, fools rip off my debit card! Partly my fault, but still so uncool.
I think it was after seeing the movie wild things that I knew I had lesbian tendencies
Just how can a game end in a draw?
Zach Brown Band on #pandora radio is amazing!
To know the power in your thoughts & words , means you grasp the secret of a quiet center.Me
You are only what you want to be :-P
But I can't wait, because I have a great committee.
Thanks Great presentation.
WOW - this week we were in Arizona doing photo shoots, back in NY teaching, working and doing parties. SO BUSY - but loving it! :)
hate hate hate. A bunch of community service-doing thugs with 3.5 GPA's huh? Haha.
Its a content farm: ": the tabloid-esque tech articles are so bad. #embarassing #notnews #linkbait"
About to hit tha studio
REDVINES are the SHIAAAAAT!!! Red, Black, Grape!! Are there more flavors??!
#insidecongress Well done! Great job BW & crew
Immortals was pretty good tho...so epic it makes me want get into some trouble tonight
Boone's solo shot in the bottom of the 11th gave the Yankees a 6-5 victory over the Red Sox. It also won the Yankees their 39th AL Pennant.
RT - Miami Dolphins cheerleaders = Best in the NFL
i think i am going to cry.
see you there!
"Food is our common ground, a universal experience." - James Beard
Our 2010 Pinot Noir fruit has arrived safely from California! Winemaking season has officially begun!
Someone busier than you is exercising right now. Take your healthcare into your own hands and do what can prevent many diseases...EXERCISE!
- Thanks for the follow, excellent service via twitter!!
so wats up
I had a cool idea for Taxi Shit
praying for a speedy recovery.
better losing by one than six or seven points
My work building has been converted to the "Allegheny Civic Building" for the filming of "Steel Town"!
what's up stranger...lol
dont let the name fool ya...we from the hood...where we eat greedy daily come round our hood n dallas, tx n get merked pussy ass niggaz
Mixing Mucinex D with Zyrtec D. We
definitely. Also, congrats on the promotion to Philly! Two years hosting in a row, nicely done :)
I don't know, removing words from vocabularies sounds rigid and inflexible. Just sayin' :)
Why is "Rick Santorum" emailing me 3 times day all of the sudden. Anyone else get this recently?
Obama, get off my TV. you're interrupting Jeopardy.
thanks for the follow!
No. hosts #SmackoffOnAMobile tomorrow on 1560am The Game in Houston. Check it out. Epic.
What I wish I'd had for lunch.
Q: What is the difference between Windows 95 and Windows 98? A: 3 years
People post location-specific jobs to all the time.
#Imagine Robert: "Katy Perry is so hot." Austin: "I know (ur name) is." -smiles dreamily- Robert: "Err, I said Kat-" Austin: "-Shutup."
#ReplaceDemiSongsWithTits Get back= Get tits
To celebrate 76ers win buy 4 beers for 28 bucks tomorrow night Phil's game from number 77 only
Great to see at meeting tonight.
Let me into your world
I seriously cannot wait for & ' new band. I need my family back in my life.
Who's coming out to see us this week? We're waiting!
Rebooting my Mac fixed the "An unknown error occurred (13213)" problem after the 2.1 upgrade
loving my life. amazing how good everything looks after a yummy family dinner!
#schoolmemories...riding a trolley..riding on the back of beer wagons to earn dough and history was my favorite subject..
it is
What's my favorite cheap wine? I'm always quick to answer: anything by Hahn Estates, esp. their Merlot Central Coast 2007 (fab for only $12)
Working with buyers Joe & Katie this morning and then volunteering at Moore Place w/DiVAs Charlotte this afternoon!
I updated 7 reference handouts today. I think I can eat my lunch now. Whew~~~~
Our Webseries: Smoking is an Official LA Webseries Festival Selection!!!!!! Congrats everybody!!!!!! Can't wait to attend!
RT : EB 275 closed between Reagan Highway and Colerain for rollover crash with ejection
Just got a teacher to say I spank myself!
you should check out smuggler's cove. they give you drinks in skulls.
Finished writing the outline to novel today, a total of six pages single spaced. Yes, I can finish writing it now.
Downloaded the jimmy johns apps for going out purposes.
will do!
we have puppy formula for pups, kitty formula for kittens, and bird formula for birds...but what do you give rat pups? that is the question.
it is a great day to b alive n b blessed!
Charles and Baltimore be ready to eat we will be there by 11 and until 2.... Plenty of Lobster today let's eat :)
I had an amazing weekend. Smitten!
coffee, hot tea or hot chocolate?
#tk11...point is that pedagogy of adult learning hasnt in fact changed. What has changed are the technologies to enable, enhance, learning
Last but not least, and remember these are just some tips to get you going
gotcha thanks, i know there was a former NYRB winger with same name, about 5'10, but i guess thats not him
Cruel Intentions was a weird but good movie.
Why can't the cute boy on the plane ever sit next to me. Like in the movies. Where you at cillian murphy!
Exxon's 4Q Profit Surges 53% Amid Higher Oil Prices
The good news is. The no was hopeful.
Love your background pic!
awfully strange - still happening?
and it was beautiful to watch.
Aiden will be starting with a new O.T. tomorrow. I hope he likes her :) #autism #occupational therapy
It's ok. All my Yankee Tweeps aren't paying attention yet.
Start your thanksgiving break off right with some Owls Hoops. Rice vs. Florida A&M at 7 PM in Tudor tonight!
Thanks for the RT!
We're pumped! RT : We also officially have a hashtag for everyone to use - are you ready? It's #MDFF12! *kermitflail*
You know the game has changed when you 6'10" wing throws and alley oop to your 6'2" PG
even more excited now to attend this saturday. #Amesdebate was hot! So excited
Now if we could just get Teague and lamb back....
Another day in the books.
what im about to tweet right now, is also a
oh really? Aww :-(
Have your students Google themselves to see if they have a digital footprint.
tell Carrie hello for me and get a twitter!
that awkk moment when hes on skype and all those memories of certain convos start coming back...
RT “: When you turn 21, you can legally do all the things you've been doing since you were 15.”
- Great question! We recommend speaking to the front desk staff. They are trained on identifying the best therapist for a person.
Good morning Atlanta, it's a lil wet out there, keep dry! If you need help placing any orders, don't hesistate to give us a shout!
On my way to
Mark Zuckerberg calls it $15.5 billion. Guess who's laughing harder?
Nothing quite like delivering Junot Diaz's phrase "one guru motherfucker" to 70 of Vienna VA's finest writer-grandparents. I love my job.
Thanks for the shoutouts !
almost always. makes a blanc of Pinot under the Novy label. And of course used in champagne.
Wouldn't that be overlake? RT : Uh, Canada isn't overseas RT : Is this our second punter from overseas?
no names, keep it under the table
On TwitterFall, you can halt the feed while you're trying to catch up.
i work with prosthetic patients-which i love. But u hear the funniest things....things i thought id never hear in my entire life...
I heart Bean Sprouts on my salad at #tweetheart I love to share a great salad with Grand Baby Spencer. maybe tonight.
I didnt know Augustus Gloop goes to UWM. I guess he needs the degree to get a job after he didnt win the Wonka Factory.
who you calling silly?? Cuz u betta be calling us #SKC Doughboys....silly cus it's all we do
Summer please come soon <3
Somewhere out there someone is thinking of YOU!<3
Remember when going to Whole Foods or the Mall was an eventful thing to do in our day? Let's not go back there.
Mediocrity is more comfortable than failing at achieving excellence. Seeing someone reach higher than their current grasp is pretty rare.
The Smithsonian Latino Virtual Museum's immersive learning, online community in Second Life - effective or not?
Earthquake? Just thought the parking ramp I was in was shaking from some of the people here
when spam bots offer blog crits: "I liked reading your submit. Got 2 be honest tho the first thing I read on yr weblog was kind of messy"
Man i hate computer tech
If u get a chance. Stop by my page. I guarantee it'll put a smile on ya face. GOD bless. 100
I am glad the Vikings are staying, but I will never buy an electronic pull-tab to help them build it.
incredibly underwhelming and disappointing, yet very predictable talk from Pearson. Such a lazy product offering
Beware if you have your stuff at on aurora. 7 breakins this month. Get your stuff out before it's liberated for you.
talking about and giving props to
Rest, and courage. That's what I need for my journey today. Lord FatherSonSpirit God, hear my prayer.
wait....idk if I like that or not... lol
we love you baby!
I think I've got it! The tweet I just sent that u RTd should do the trick! That's what I put in my pimping tweets already! :-)
I once met a fellow named Charlie he then proceeded to hand me a door knob and said the forest is far. He then walked away.
#icr12 thank you organizers for fine sustenance for breakfast and lunch
Jocelyne Daw will be signing her book "Breakthrough Nonprofit Branding" from 4-5pm today!
'Between the stimulus and the response, there is a space, and in that space lies our power and our freedom'-Victor Frankl via Tara Brach
i shit on niggas thats why i rap wit a diapper on
everyday after 6 😢
hahaha catnip scores... crash.test dummy... well crashes and smith gets a penalty.
Welcome to the world of Penn State alumni. Your Scepter of High-Mindedness is in the mail.
Oh work you never surprise me .. Guy that said "oh where to you workout, your so fit" it's not working I don't want your old ass
Bummed by razor burn? & 3-step regimen to the rescue! Get 20% off shaves during May w purchase.
got a job:)
Favors, great pick up! Marion is done, keep an eye on Tristan Thompson on Cleveland! RT Any early season pickups?
Lame, aren't we?! We'll make a point to not suck so much this week.
Thought you might! ;)
Did you see #Titanic3D this weekend?
I'm thinking yes...
Dont ever bring chicken round me
Shout out to my cousin Laken on her college graduation from MSU! And acceptance to grad school.Good job!
yep I make good similies
RentGaslamp.com now offering Fall rental specials
which ones did you get? I'll have to check my Rx for the PD measurement, I didn't think about it...
Yeah, what he said. RT : Not sure git add -p is any faster than my trusty cp/edit/commit/mv algorithm, but it sure feels bad ass.
Boston U community mourns loss of 3 classmates: The class of 2012 is leaving college with something that many graduates since the sta...
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 68
bout time
yeah. Isn't Randle wearing the same # as Manningham?
that breaks my prediction but I'm glad it does lol
I had a great time last night @ the Soho Film Fest awards! :)
It was a nice gesture. Make sure everyone stays respectful!
And as always, you are too, too humble.
Yes. Yes at least you didn't say the F-word! :) hehe
T-2 weeks until the Spring/Summer Catalogue is available! Book your party now with #wklessevolution and get first dibs on all the new scents
what I find amazing is when people put QR codes on their sites. Just like people that use URL shorteners outside of twitter.
Nice! RT : YES!!!!!! on contract at #GH. NO ONE is happier than me right now. Congrats darling. Great news!
Don’t fear failure so much you refuse to try new thingsThe saddest summary of a life contains 3 descriptions:could've,might have&should've
congrats you crazy!
For real? Where u at? Im here. lol
Good news Vikings fans...new stadium deal is done. Vikes have a new home for next 30 years!
When Martin Luther rejected #Catholicism & started the Protestant Reformation, did he envision there'd be different types of #Lutherans?
Thank you to Alisha Tierney of U Can Own A Home, she sent us one of her vacant listings! We are excited to get it HIT Caretaker Occupied!
Yikes! That's disturbing. I can't imagine opening a vanilla email like that, much less a submissive email.
Been working on some big changes for this year!! Thanks for your patience...stay tuned!
Haha no much & you?
Thanks for the follow!
me on a nice day
Any suggestions for a new video for me to record???
a walk to remember is too cutee. 😢❤
You try to resolve conflict but what do u when yer voice of concern, u feel turns into a nuance?
oh ok. So why have you only tweeted me and I'm the only one you follow?
I stopped poking cause i was tired (; but he still wants to poke.
AARP? Oh my! Bright side is your data being present in their database obfuscates the accuracy any other conclusions about you.
' lmfao nasty self
It was a pineapple something-or-other. How are things going over at ? Now THAT is some food I can't wait for!
it's the most unprofessional thing I've seen. Half the time he is joking about his dad and translating what he says to English
go spurs go my man
Pacers are gonna win this series
that is great to hear will be starting tomorrow! Anaheim series, get to come out to CA. HA
On the shuttle w/ and many others to rally for libraries!
In retrospect, knowing I was semi-sick and spending Sat. getting rowdy in Nashville anyways was probs not smart...sinus infection deserved
bet that up bro! Thanks for the invite.
ONLY 28 HOURS TO DONATE TO HELP SAVE OUR FILM!! www.indiegogo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix GET A NEW Ipad2 with a $5 donation
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 33
i love the theater such a wonderful place!!!!!!
What a miserably muggy day today - but on the plus side, the commuters at w Baltimore looked great despite running shoes
Heard Call On Me in the car this morning. Instantly thought f you.
ESPN Classic is starting them tonight. With raised prices you might be
well hello there stranger ;)
At a verizon wireless store explains to a rep how an iPad data plan is supposed to work. Kill me now.
Nap time. Been up all night. Quick Z's then a few errands.. Eventually making way to DJ at LOCAL SIXTEEN --Come o. By tonight!~
Yes Del Zotto
#10FactsAboutMe 5: I've dealt with depression, and almost gave in. If it weren't for the Boyz I wouldn't be here.
I only make you laugh to see your boobs bounce.
Just came to the realization that Im dating a guy with tattoos, piercings & a mohawk. I am my grandmother's worst nightmare.
marc cartwright photography, he did my headshots he is pretty awesome
Not as good as Simple Plan, tho.
Yes! That thing might be worth something* one day (*a few beanie babies).
I think that was ^^
Why do I keep making out with girls with big noses? I keep getting poked in the eye.
retweeting or answering back would make my day<3
I didnt know till a few hours ago that kim K have so much breast...lol..:-)
It would be awesome if a social networking guru would follow me and tell me how to gain more followers.
It's tragic really, absolutely tragic. Although I will be relaxing on the beach in the OBX so I think I MIGHT get over it! ;)
No more fish tacos!!! So sad! I'm open Friday though.
Except in the case of buying an expensive dog. Then you are poor again. But so much happier! :-p
Not as much bike traffic in Irvington, but it is here!
This is the first time in a long time that I've ever cried like this.
Hey, Guess What? It's Raining. Again.
no, now we go for burgers and beer.
i am irreversibly ignorant
- Mixing a Space Attack song on which you played guitar today. Fun stuff!
thank you it is big, and i love it.
A little gloom is underrated. I find it much more romantic than sunshine. (said the girl from Ohio who now lives in Florida)
totally one of best parts of working at home, but also can go terribly wrong. haha
I love you to
What comes from the heart, goes to the heart | Samuel Taylor Coleridge
I agree stop spending on war planning,do we need an empire? Bob
I just parked in the "expectant mother" parking spot to run into the package store... Nothing is right about this tweet!
lol ik but its so good!!
so am i, but why does it matter if they want to get married? If they're happy, that's all that matters.
cool been rehersing with band all day...
Who's the most appropriate person to contact at your management's company? :-)
Good morning All :) Going to take some Class today! Hoping to bump into friends xoxo
comedian Chris Elliot had a stand-up schtick in the '80s in which he opened a can of Alpo and ate it.
Mucho Mango Arizona
There is surely a difference. But IMHO, you cant be useful without being usable. And if you are usable and not useful, what a waste.
fingers crossed!! Lol
If you juggle my kindness im going to assume you are a clown
cereal is for anytime nigga. -__- if I eat both now I won't be hungry until tomorrow. Lol .
Gardening tip of yester years @ www.myfreegenealogy.com share your gardening does & don'ts
Here's Gwyneth Paltrow...singing country...ugh. Also, she looked terrified.
taxes, done. Thanks
Anyone ever have a product with an item ordered from - I got an iPhone case and it didn't fit right
You know sometimes it's ok to not participate in annoying internet memes. And what the hell is a meme anyway?
why is your face so attractive? It's not fair.
Just a reminder to all my Soccer watching followers..todays UCL Game is on FX, not FSC...
: I need tires too!!!
you rock! My train thanks you.
Hoping for November! We should have it firmed by mid April! Follow to stay updated!
I love and They keep it real! I would definitely be with them.
naw im straight
Don't gamble with Jason on this game, he is a hustler... but if you do
when will you have a free fro-yo for #nonprofit employees day in #DC??
You dont understand how many fabulous people we got down here in banditvill right now
It feels good to not give a fuck
That going to b interesting....RT : Im goin wit him
San Antonio this Weekend for <Severed Ties > Christmas Party!! Cant flipping wait!! Its going to defiantly go down!!!
Busy Busy Busy!
Friend asks how can avoid becoming president. Easy: he's ineligible, having been born on Krypton.
Canada libraries' 18million eyes/yr on their websites got the attention of publishers regarding eBook ventures
Wow, the conclusion to #Castle's 2-parter was...underwhelming.
said Gretchen is a "jack of all trades;master of none." But, that's just what the haters say. LOL
Working the day away at Creative Density Coworking
Some ppl can say the meanest things and not even know theyre hurting someone!
The next award at the Embassy of South Africa, Washington D.C #Freedom day goes to Mr. #Harry Belafonte!!
I know because I read...Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.
has a new favorite restaurant. buffalo wild wings :)
Praying for you as you write!
Schedule a massage for the weekend to de-stress from yiour busy, hectic week.
Missed you at the FTDNA conference!
. their is no
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but to hold hands.
Slowest day of life!
No quince. The espresso gelato was fantastic, though. And passion fruit sorbet.
Gary Allan has a song with the same title.
Happy Friday! Ready for more snow?
Agree! impressed by of at #WOMCC: Insights on how to deal w/negative word of mouth! Customer service
Hi-five of the day: if u travelled completely without using or borrowing gas
Just for our wonderful #CHIchat friends >> Stop by anytime this week and say "Shop " to get 10% off your tab!
When people say "fuck you," I yell back "no you fuck me!"
hahah I'm scared
I'd rather be doing pt
when they do, it's usually on a piece of dog shit. Hell of a trade off.
:( i saw your tweet on my computer, that's why.
I love boobies and i want to see some boobies!!:)
Matt Weiner with another writing credit. 4/4 this season?
Urban Dictionary-it! I know you're being facetious!
*hands u a stack* go to the store for me lil nigga
Watching unusual partnerships create beautiful things. Robert Plant and Alison Krauss for starters. More to come...
At Jewel City Diner with //
congrats on emmy nod - "officer down"
Keep Warm tonight with our CHICKEN POT PIE served with ALL WHITE MEAT, ASPARAGUS, BABY CARROTS, PEAS
I'd've made a great New Yorker: The look on people's faces when I blow past them as they're waiting for the crosswalk to turn ... priceless!
My 1st single is coming up this year. It's called "Flyin' so high" you guys are gonna love it.
You know I'm friends with and . Didn't see the movie, but good friends of mine.
This liking a guy thing is #Difficult. I think I just need to smoke a bowl on it.
i know thats why it would be at my moms
ah thank you!! I owe you snuggles for this!
99% people feel uncomfortable when the tv volume is an odd number
Except more lispy due to the fat tongue.
Today has been pretty good
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Thanks for the shout-out!
Ha-ha...true! RT : There's only so much consolation that can be had from "I don't have to water the garden" Enough rain already.
Xmas tree mulching Mon-Sat entire month of Jan from 9 am to 2 pm at the Reedbird Ave Drop-off Center (701 Reedbird Avenue)
nope hahaha respect this man.!
But of course! Sounds terribly fun. So fun you are probably done and onto some other alien task. :-)
donut would be worse. Try lite or whipped cream cheese. ;-) *hugs*
How much?
Thanks! I feel liberated and only slightly nervous
It's a shame that the next three seasons are so wildly inconsistent
Christmas shopping dis ye is a lil harder....kids older and more picky.....
“: Rep. Cheri Gerou has already committed to sending #civilunions out of Approps and to the House floor. #coleg”
this might be the closest definition of clutch i've seen; see the end of the article.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow she tweets you every morning and night and at school your all she talks about(: <3
I'll send you a link when I post the review on my blog... in the next week or so.
whts good bra I will be out there next weekn
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they’re yours. – Richard Bach
Orgo Lab Report. Growl.
I agree
No offense, no defense, no bullpen, an unneeded closer, & 5 starters (1 on the DL, 1 going to the Yankees next yr, & 2 not great).
So excited to be planning our premiere screening! Battling exhaustion to do so but dammit we're gonna have a kick ass party!
I always had so many issues with my androids..
haha..your tweets always make my day!!:))
I'm quite familiar with that. It is quite hateful.
lmao. I'll see you down there.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Referee asks if you’re the new guy during team check ins.
happy to take those December to Remember tix off your hand :)
I'm not big into gender segregation. Except in bathrooms. Then again, I don't like anyone in the room when I go.
"Everybody has to learn for the first time." Joshua Lederberg
not yet ;)
nope it just automatically do it
Forget school, classes, papers, and boring professors. Let's just make it summer, already.
Ikr! It's just crazy
Again I got asked if I like to fish, cause of my Koi tattoo. I have fished twice in my life. If u didn't know I don't fish. I love Oklahoma!
C7 Trivia: What is Circle7's connection with Revolution era serial killers The Harpes?
I didn't realize it was already 1 a.m. Welp, goodnight!
Don't get me wrong, I'll be DELIGHTED to see you (I miss you), but if you're not feeling better, don't come in!
c2 is headed back out of town today. -Just returned yesterday. :-/.
What two hits with RISP? In the same night? That scored runs? From the #SFGiants? Must be seeing things...
The attention is getting right now is crazy...But it shows what hard work and faith does for a determined individual.
Or lack thereof. RT : Somewhere, Mark Cuban is giving Gilbert a standing ovation. And is jealous at the size of Gilbert's testicles.
#WeCantBeTogetherIf In any way you harm children. Physical and emotional abuse is wrong.
Thanks ! Yours too. It's FRIDAY!!
It's Mother's Day, you are forgiven from all crazy acts. Well, at least forgiven by the people at Hallmark.
naww that was definitely before lol
you're making an assumption that I'm a catcher. Why?
what happened?
Great to hear! Thanks for the response.
Weather too cold for you? Order with NOLA Food Delivery and we can bring you want you need!
How to Build Multiple Streams of Residual Income
The Obama-Bell Tape is the early Atari commercial featuring Pete Rose hawking their baseball cartridge.
I'm not overwhelmed, nor am I underwhelmed. I'm just whelmed.
Your mom wants you to buy the new album next week. And drink more coffee.
Davis Carlisle and Lindsay Filardo eloping? I don't know that he's capable of monogamy.
have a great day.
goin on facebook i'll b back soon i guess lord knows another tine another day
for the rest of my life?!?
lmaoo chill. just kno that one BlueLIT has a shit load of calories that when we consume them we have to starve ourselves for 2days.
So I finished reading Brian Weiss' "Only Love is Real". Wow. I'm going to buy his other books. Like, now.
hey you, yeah you, answer your dm's pweasee :)
at a terrible beauty now
Can we give the Swiss Santorum too, as a two-for-one deal?
Summer Institute at Xavier-Embracing Technology—Tools to Teach Lifelong Communication and Innovative Instruction for Individuals with Autism
Demetre, I am talking to you from 1994. I got your attention now didn't I?
Staying home this weekend to watch BigTimeMovie! with #Boybands<3
Thanks for such a warm welcome, Tinashe (:
I have fond memories of trills in marching band; jazz is where I come across flutes most now. If Grover would just form a combo~
“: When girls get on their tip-toes to kiss you.”
#Take10Teach10 anyone? MT : Can you help? Check out this question on #OpenStudy: "Need Proof of square root of 194 plz hel !!!" …
Saw that you had some questions about Feeding Children Everywhere Would love to talk.
Now is the time. My needs are great, but my possibilities are greater.
AMEN! RT : 85% of our stress is not our its other people. Release that stress & go! Via Pastor J. Bryant
Downton Abbey- awesome show... Perfect if you like anything British
RT : because Tuesday is the new Thursday for and I
HEY Jessi Lollipop, YOU OPENING YA SET WITH "MISS-BEHAVE" FEAT JMac da Kid, MONDAY MAY 14th at The Whisky A Go Go??
Do agnostics believe in Karma?
"150 'American Artisanal Cheese Displays' at $19 a piece." Brooklyn Flea? No, GSA.
To quote "FUCK YEAH!" - AAAAGGGHHHH Gotta Go!
your album is brilliant. I love all your work. Hopefully I see your and 's collaboration. I love you both xx
reading and smelling book. it smells like a textbook. is it scary that i love that smell?
To those who didn't return, yet are with us always. To absent companions.
I don't understand why you ignore me. I would understand it if i did before 10 years something stupid to you, but i can't remember. Idiot.
That awkward moment when your dog stares you down and YOU actually look away first :)
I have tickets for only Sunday tho. :-)
Use books, toys, objects, say,"Show me; Point to; Touch the; Find the..."to dev receptive knowledge, strengthens expressive skills later
Fuck wit my fam ...ill walk ya lil sister by a window seal and then tumble her
It's Poem in Your Pocket Day, and the poem in my pocket is actually 285 poems. #GoiPod What's your #pocketpoem?
Fireworks CS6 has what looks like tight CSS and jQuery integration - It produces both! Potentially really interesting stuff.
The true fact is that modern handcrafted soap, though necessarily made with lye to get true soap, has no lye in the final product.
I don't believe in a tough market for cookies. Come on, they're cookies!
That's a long way2 swim,bike,run :-( RT : Well, the 400 miles apart thing might have to do with that as well.
I wonder if Robin Ventura looks toward the Rangers owner's box, sees Nolan Ryan... And quivers a little.
Anyways .. beginning of a beautiful week.. !
thinking of what movie to watch. you ?
Saw a Fiat 500 with a license plate that read “Q” and laughed. I don’t know if he was part of the Continuum or works for MI6.
I look forward to the day I become a mother
Happy Vday to all in Twitterland!! I wish love & happiness to everyone not just today though but EVERYDAY!! 8-)
I went to see the movie yesterday
I've had a twitter for like ever what do you mean? haha
I saw OJ Mayo play at the All A Classic when he was in 8th grade. He hasn't gotten that much better.
I don't think I can come over cause I need help with this crap and my mom won't get up and help me
Oh and yay for the Giants winning =)
In other news, I think I just achieved a new level of nerd status.
Of course they are! They're my favorite RT : Thin Mints are now officially the most popular Girl Scout cookie. Thoughts?
AP-WH test 😰
With all the great chocolate shops and patisseries I'd be tempted all the time. That's why I only go to Paris for my birthday
ur first single! Watta surprise 2 wake up to! So excited! Haha i just called 10 people & scream into my phone haha <3 love u!
i always hope for the best.
<33333 FOLLOW ME PLEEAASSEE BC I LOVE YU AND I WOULD GO CCRAZY IF U DID<3
Registration is open for #Edcampss! Sign up now, donate $10 and get an Edcampss T-shirt. See you in Philly March 24th.
JB > One Direction
April 29 1992, there was a riot on the street tell me where were you?
Valley Sports: The Waverly baseball & softball teams face ND at home today at 4. Waverly tennis have a match at home today as well. Say...
Glad I brought my "London-Tested" umbrella to #sxsw. A blustery day.
Looking forward to the #GWU Strategic Planning Town Hall Meeting!
Glad to have you stop by!
Failing at Wordpress. 2nd time tried to save draft & accidentally published. Fixed but now my few followers received email w unfinished post
Watching Castle
why thank you! :)
my little sis is throwing a tantrem #helpme :O
If doesn't drive down to Raleigh to hang this summer, will be deleted.
I can't grasp why I need to learn so many useless concepts in school. Like matrices and concavity. Seems pretty silly.
Anyone interested in facilitating the group's Facebook page? Looking for a Co-Admin on Meetup...
RT : 'To each his own terror, to each his own isolation.' —Derek Walcott, "The Figure of Crusoe" (1965), p. 40.
Sorry for being so quiet on the tweets lately but you'll see soon why...but that's kinda the point here at Underbelly, in'it?
Watch for upcoming events for the New Year!!
Him:I<3 u Her:I<3 u 2 Him:No but I<3 u Her:Yea I<3 2 him:listen i<3 u Her:grinnin ear to ear i<3 u 2 Him:Theres tht smile I was lookin for
yeahh he pretty much made my life when he did that. <3
Perhaps that show isn't as bad as the promo's made it seem. But "the disappearance of Atlantis"? Really?
For the best, online selection of fabulous Design Options beaded holiday sweaters, please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com
#DrakeCriesWhen he misses a screening of THE RACKET BOYS.
Word Boston? Smh...
Smh any other day I'm fighting to stay awake now I can't sleep
friend or boyfriend Justin? ;)
I liked Hugo. Would have loved it if it was a short film.
I've heard 's Finest Hour in depth 25+ times & saw him perform it live in Orlando... It's STILL funny.
sorry to hear that. Hope it all works out for the best eventually!
Tonight, the people of Cleveland will go to bed happy...Tomorrow, they'll wakeup hit up the unemployment line and see their lives still suck
The workers at my polling place are so friendly! I wish I got to vote everyday.
i am currently listening to rush limbaugh's show and LOLing at the trainwreck.
The last time that I hugged a tree, I got a freaking splinter.
time to work on this beat my nigga finna send me
#teamnickasaur Lets trend it:)
the history is interesting but mostly it's just the buried city that's been looted and gutted.
so much to do !!
LMAO! Strong picture.
It's amazing how many of today's "style icons" don't actually seem to have style.
Its going down tonight....
's dad has his shirt off woot woot ;)
This is just hilarious, karmas a bitch babydoll ;D
Hey Milwaukee peeps heading to #SXSW, What #music are you most excited to hear?
That is what she said! Lol RT : Um.. You're on it backwards. "That's what she said!"
I'd like to thank for making me addicted to one direction -____- so much for trying to resist!
‘Paranormal Activity 3’ Is No. 1 Film, Sets Horror Record
Chandler, Tempe residents to gather for G.A.I.N Cities are encouraging residents to come outside and meet one another.
Play blackout by breathe carolina.. Hittu from virginia :)
seriously .. enough with the RTs just tel us who it is !
Inoculatte: To take coffee intravenously when you are running late.
we just decided to take more time to practice - Zaona
Got some great info from the scores, including L vs R leg imbalances and that we have LOTS of work 2 do on upper body pulls!
done too :)
do you watch nfl game on sundays ??
listen to win Featuring & free DiGiorno Pizza's from
I could be headed to the Colts. #DoesntMatterHadSex with my giant breasted WHITE fiancé.
Wow. Having to switch sports for the heckle (and no Cornell connection!). Desperation.
#awkwardmomentwhen your talking to yourself and you look over and someone is watching you...
Burger King to buy cage free eggs and pork by 2017
No kidding! Move to Miami for the winter months and come back during the summer.
` every night on my #TL i see dudes tweeting about eating ass, either they sayin somebody else do it or they sayin they will never do it!
What's wrong with my Jen?? :( I love her. If you're reading, please pray for her. She needs healing.
Acknowledging Fear does not make you a Failure.
You know the Gophers suck when our goalie gets an assist. #scsuhockey Ben Hanowski scored his 14th goal- now he needs to get a hat trick!!
shit don't feel bad I'm bout to go shopping in a few
Sen Rockefeller to #teaparty guilty of legislative extortion which hurts avg Americans.
Yoga is wonderful - try it!
New favorite color: mint chocolate chip ice cream green.
Bringin a poker set! Bouta be fun as ever
Happy 133rd Birthday to Albert Einstein! Have you visited the Einstein Memorial on the NAS grounds at 2101 Constitution Ave., N.W. in D.C.?
I will try my hardest!(:
me, myself and I. lol
what is this?
so, I guess we over. That's kewl.
wait so is jordans new nickname jo??
RIP Amy Winehouse...what a talent
One direction has been on my mind for like 4 weeks now
orientation at Hyvee then dinner date wif my boy at Olive Garden
I suggest a Patio Lantern RT I need a drink after reading that...I'm so sad, must self medicate.
Hate making public presentations, feeling truly nervous about it.
I wish I could go to Port A
I respect if you're a guy and you wanna dress like a girl, but for real, next time you go out in public dressed like that, shave your face.
Q: Should we stay all day? A: It's a great chance to hear presentations! Stay if you can, but you don't have to.
What an inspirational evening! Special thanks to the amazing Lucinda Martinez & our sponsor #Dewars! Till next time!
My ex expected this perfect housewife type but wasn't willing to put forth any effort to make a woman WANT to conform
Or get a babysitter, and stay at a #green hotel for the night.
I wasn't calling you on improperly using guy, just on saying that was a poor choice. And it's not a big malicious thing, I know..
i thought i was all chingon n shit lol
Amen! RT : North Carolina - Where you can marry your cousin, just not your gay cousin.
SHE ONLY LOVE HIM KUZ HE REMIND HER OF ME SHE HATE MY ARROGANCE BUT HE DONT KEEPIT REAL LIKE THIS! SHE DENY IT, SAY I DON'T COMPARE TO HIM..
to be a famous singer.<3
okay thanks!!!
Making steamed clams.
it's June 19th at noon , Thomas and Mack .
you said have a good weekend, implying we wouldn't talk.
Dang girl waddupp (: how u been ?
Perfect weekend.
Breaking out the multi-colored Sharpies and making "business cards" for DCWiki. Twitpic to follow...
Heading into NY after a long weekend
How is it possible that a package shipped 6 days ago, is still in the same location, & somehow says it's "on schedule"? Not for me.
Aw thanks! Me too! lol
"Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike." - J. K. Rowling
: "I love inciting riots on the Metro. It's pretty much a hobby. What? Settle down."
Class and 3 individual student meetings behind me, working through diss materials, much more to come
My USA boys are leadin 4/2 after the first day!
Why is Will Ferrell's mother the same age as him? He isn't black
I'm watching Source Code. so confusing, but it'll all make sense later.
I wish I could go to 's!We are not that far from each other
did you hear about that nut in central park?! It was assaulted! (as-salt-ted...) #PickMeEllen <3 I LOVE YOU! (:
Let's talk about sex baby. Let's talk about you and me. ♥
I have never been more disappointed in my home state than I am right now.
he only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
Never fight another man's battle without knowing that man's fight
I seriously want to smack some of the people around me when I go shopping -_-
good morning to you! sweet dreams to me =) xo
Frugazy? RT : lol, see if they got them aunt pearls while you're there! And they betta not be no frugazy shit!
please follow me please .
Dang I just got super hungry...
I'm just suspended at the moment, but I have a hearing tomorrow to see if I get expelled.
I have been pondering if a turtle lost its shell would it be naked or homeless? What do you think?
thank you so much dear, for the call. I really appreciated it :)
Thanks for spreading the waffle love.
I just voted for #daf11_ImmersiveSurfaces at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
screw u, don't support padres, u don't support us medical cannabis patients. Lost my support.
A DC Blogger Directory is a great idea! You guys are awesome : )
"Everything we do will be First Class." - Stan Kasten
I'm very fond of doing movies where men fight over me. I don't get to do enough - Anjelica Huston
": oh, I don't want to be on that side of town" PREJUDICE!!! I hope I spelled that right ....
Thx for follow.
Mad Planet, best dancing in town hands down.
Hey alex!!!! :D are you creeping(; I sure hope so cuz I'm creeping on you, but shh don't tell Alex(;
meanwhile, the rest of the world could not care less ;)
“: Sluts Facebook status: "Like if you're a boy or a girl! <3" Me: "No bitch, I'm a fucking potato!"”
Words cannot express my level of joy and happiness right now!!!
Lovely sunset.
This Burkhead from Nebraska is tearing it up vs the Buckeyes. What an effort.
Just waited an hour and a half at to get my oil changed awesome #badservice working on
thanks :D & r u guys coming to Kentucky this summer?
Whee! I can't wait to look! THANK YOU!!
-_______________- did you say hi?
oh yeah? How does U, me, a 6 pack of O'Douls, and an abandoned Circuit City parking lot sound? My backseats fold down.
So happy to be flying back home to #Vegas just in time to see on the Strip tomorrow night!
I didn't win the Mega Millions, which means I still have to do my own laundry
they will not get it, they will think you are calling them a joke back!
Of course we finna slander, we not playing tonight so we could care less lol
my own group for what?? :o
Favorite songs from All Your Hate Knives And Pens Perfect Weapon Carolyn RT :)
Justin Bieber: .. You got Bieber Fever? - Rob Dyrdek: 'You did not just go there, bro.' LOL
#TimberviewMemories when cedar hill came to our school and tried to fight us
Who knew making macaroni on the stove was so complicated..
#HappyMothersDay Mother Earth
Sry pal, be out for personal reasons, I like LaRoche, Lahair, Handley
April Calderon gets on my nerves!
woohooo! We did it, congrats!!!
Recently... HALFWAY HOUSE by Katharine Noel...
#3WordsForYou suck my toe.
#ColtsDocsVIP Twitter contest tonight 8pm! We want to give 2 followers +1 guest a VIP table as #Colts pick No. 1 Thurs!
Great session at last night. Won money and felted the biggest jerk at the table, twice !!.
Lmao , Not Coming From Him RT : RT Foh. Ugly Ass Winky Face ¦ I thought they all looked the same lol
Happy Birthday from all of us at #PointsofLight!!!!!
Sometimes you just sit back and wonder..#Gym to clear the mind, body and soul.
Yes! Their contract is for an infinite amount of product. It's a true miracle!
Just woke up. Fml
Hahaha, it is. I made a recording of that part of the movie. I gotta find it :)
lol ya a bit late mhan but im around wats good wit u? making moves?
I like to eat at Crisp
LOL! I been playing the show since 2004, pitched 3 perfect games
everyone does at one point in time
free burnt grilled cheese
Cancer treatment shows promise for rapid weight loss : )
I don't need arms around me I don't need no drugs to calm me
sure if you can hang
home sweet home..
I hate car places. getting oil changes, tires rotated, or anything. seriously, it gives me major anxiety. #brittnyproblems :|
lmfao is that even possible?
ah amazing !!
When you brand yourself properly, the competition becomes irrelevant
Have a great time tonight! :) The box looks amazing! Great job!
Let's get ready Knighthawks fans! Divisional play off game against Philly is sure to be just as exciting as last week. #letsgohawks!
The streets of gold , nd mansions are cool but to actually walk , converse nd worship Jesus is way better then that (:
"death is always a bad encounter"... much like 10 minutes of hold music courtesy of amazon.com... where are you, spinoza? i'm waiting.
Wednesday -5/25/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
On my other account it seems like theres no Ryan Beatty Fans....so there better be some RYNOSAURS on here!
thanks Tonya! Enjoy your flower :)
Just got flowers from ! #bestfriends really are the best.
Yes m'lovely <3
Facebook Groups --> Pages --> Fans --> Recommend --> Like --> Follow Anyone else confused?
Customer's total for her purchase comes up to be $6.66. "Oh shit!" is her response. Haha
Hey Pam Oliver, Desmond Bishop and AJ Hawk are not the same person
Every relationship can be a lesson in self-worth
According to most people " sex isnt everything " sex is gross " ... Untill you do it ... - COUGH - mom && dad .
no its a good thing!!(:
what you can't tell from the photo is how ridged it is. No flex or bend, so should be good for walls once it's sharp.
Chicken in the Car! Goin to Chicago!
Nassau Co's NICE buses have in running for about 2 months. Share your thoughts comparing them to the previously run MTA system.
What's the dudes name who says "Carla... The machine is still on" in clear and present danger.
Hey guys, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering
Every Mon. night at The Mad Frog - Live Salsa w/ TROPICOSO! Free Salsa lessons at 9PM, Tropicoso plays all night, plus great drink specials!
NEED FAST TURNAROUND ON PRINTING? CALL NOW 678.835.7625!!
Love it.
I think your account has been hacked -- I just got a phishing DM from your account.
You are the conductor of your own attitude! Nobody else can compose your thoughts for you Lee J.Colan
I'll call you later today
Dude at the MARVEL #Avengers midnight showing, head to toe Superman. I'm no comic guru, but even I know that's the wrong universe entirely.
Great music makes us smile!
im at the house inthe east. I want some ihop
"Let your Soul Shine.. It's better than Moonshine, better than Sunshine, it's damn sure better than rain!" :)
Down with the #Eagles!
have u been drinking? :)
So a cold bacon, egg, and cheese wrap leftover from my 8:30am meeting isn't a great lunch idea after all.
well said!
overheard at lunch: "i want real food, not asian food!" it's ok though, we asian people don't care what you real people think anyway
What kind of magic little fairytale do half of you people live in??
off to chicago again today. love that city. nyc next week and then miami after that. planes, trains & automobiles....
Gonna fail my Algebra 2 final... yay. -.-
Marry Me?!? - TODAY before they change it again!
One more night until the last Actors Lounge of the year! Don't miss out!
Well... If I wasn't awake before, I am certainly awake now! Saw a giant spider in my kitchen!! Aghhhhrrrr
"Humber? How about HumBEST." Ha. Love it.
Yes! SALVAGE THE BONES will be reviewed Jan 1 in The New York Times Book Review!
RT : #A's MonkeySee.com/A site is now live. Videos on buying a car, winterize a car, check tires, etc. Coming soon: travel tips.
aww what happened?
n yo ass still anit call me it's koo... I'm jus bout 1 smoke n go 2 bed
Nobody know what I'm trying to hide, not even me.
awesome! congrats, sir.
Aw, that's like an #nptech social-media-bromance ;)
Hustle--Hustle--Hustle----HARD!
to be fair, NY fans are probably using Mo & his nicknames
Eretchasketch fehrnstrom stepped in that one didn't he.
Looking forward to seeing what has in store for
I liked them in concert a little better, but the disc is growing on me.
So excited for my girl Congrats girl on your amazing wins.
New iPad available in a nice selection at Northbrook Mall Apple Store.
And on the 9th day, when #God was still resting, the devil snuck back and created the PC.
#WorstBreakUpExcuses<<<bitch u burnt me this shit is ova
ive picked a topic for this essay...i just dont know how to write it
All nudity should be happy nudity.
cool, will get jorts ready
The talk with at #TwitterHQ was fascinating. Thanks for the opportunity!
So funny!!! Very real conversation, I couldn't stop laughing bc it is so true:)
TED eXcel - Presenters use spreadsheets instead of Prezi or Powerpoint.
Bella and I are at Pucks and Paws. So excited. Bella is too. Went straight to the car when I asked: "Do you want to go to a hockey game?"
Thinking about launching a music related blog.
Money run everything I learned that for free
is at home in MD until tomorrow, then it's time to get back to business with summer school, full-time work, etc!
meant sent ME
I still smile when I think of how the vendors who sued UCLA had their case dismissed because they upsold "public performance rights."
Getting ready for Warped Tour with mah homiezzzz and Vans Warped Tour 2011, HERE WE COME!
RT : ANOTHER #Eagles turnover. WOW. If review holds, #Bills up 7 w/ ball & 2 minutes to play.
GUS soda is so good...
your so damn negative -_____- lmao be positive
omg he has an amazing voice!
I'm lucky it's far too big for my wrist, though honestly for its size the price is a score.
Understand this. The Cowboys will NOT win with Romo. The Cowboys do you like a two-faced friend. Trick you when you least expect it.
Happy Fourth of July! Thank you veterans, we owe you one!
We are putting on a show tonight at Church Rock Club, 69 Kilmarnock St. Boston: 4-bands, $7 cover
My top fav's for Oscar wins tonite are: "The Help"...."The Iron Lady"....."The Descendant's!" Good luck to all!
YUMMERS RT : Today's FREE secret (not-on-menu) flavor is #DCCUPCAKES White Chocolate Raspberry!!!
take a look around...
My ears cold af
mean girls!
our announcers are so bad, I had to switch over to the Nationals feed to avoid them. I hate Brown and Walk in the TV booth.
#kids Rivers of Steel Sunday Heritage Market: Rivers of Steel Sunday Heritage Market from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 10:00 AM to Sunday, May...
"Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes." -Zig Ziglar great
How many people are going to blame Obama for the NFL moving Opening Kickoff?
No, he'd have to get past MIN (he should) CLE (he will), STL (he prob won't) and I'm sure CAR would think about him
gave us a great tour! Awesome peeps & great local beer--can we ask for anything else?!
yessir moved last weekend. Makes a world of difference now. Well be having a party soon I'll let you know
- Thanks very much Bruce. That means a lot to me. Now I gotta check out that version of Beth/Rest from World Cafe!!!
sure if she checks me out too.
Thx to , we'll be posting Spanish, Russian, Chinese & Vietnamese versions of #PDXPlan summary brochure. Stay tuned!
Insert inspirational, uplifting quote here
Thanks again to all the fans for the great tweets! We'll have 3 minutes with him tmrw at 7:35a & play his new tune on
Lol if u think ur gona promo on my shit n you have the audacity 2 not follow me...u will get reported 4 spam, blockd, & hav ya life treated
I have a -ahem- friend whose husband buys all the ammunition he's allowed at Wal*Mart. I hope his shed blows up.
is it?
btw i love your tweets!<3
thx! Please let me know at if you have other questions or need help
DO YOU GOT A GF? CUZ I WANT YOU
Today is Hug a Vegetarian Day! :D
in My Own Dreams ♥
#WOW I am coming very soon. Thank you so much I have no words. How are you!!? Are you doing PVIFF?
RT : James Harden thanking his lord and savior Poseidon for that three.
aww cool . Is it the full song ? (:
Im Connected To A Higher Power Dont Even Ask Me How
Today seems like a good day to.....PACK! I'm COMING #HOME for TWO WEEKS!!!!
Man, it's been a minute for me but that's the best!
Good morning
Dank u for RT!
the man is
I hope summer does not change what we got.
#SchoolMemories The teacher Mr. Bonar..and yes I'm serious.
Just go out there and do what you've got to do. ~ Martina Navratilova
#YouWasSexyUntil i seen ur finger nails...
Good game Knicks... Why Bron don't even get to touch rock last possession tho ?
Might be taking this rest business to serious... Haven't got up before 230 the past 3 days
lol yeah because you would never guess unless, you were there when it happened hm
That IS awful--I checked the NY Times after I saw your FB post & nothing. Not even CNN yet. Jerks.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
wouldn't be pissed. we'd talk. like a normal fucking couple. i love dylan with all of my heart. he just makes me sad sometimes (c)
"Lakers are minions of Satan." Love it! Keep it real, RCO.
Just one-upped Hacker News by copying their ranking algorithm and doing time calculation in seconds instead of hours. Innovation!
oh don't worry, I'll make you one too!!
thank you! well he picks the top 10-15 april 1st then its up to the viewers to vote after that. I hope I make it!
Tough week at work I am now at the with on stage then and Life is good! :-)
All James Harden had to do to get a standing ovation at home was get a concussion from a thug.
Shits been going down on twitter ?!!! Haha this is cool
how kome everitime i kall or kome over u always on the toilet or in the shower or shacked up wit
Had an interview today!!!! Went very well, Wish me luck =]]
I CANT STOP GRINDIN ND I DNT WANT HELP!!
So far, so good: Audis, BMWs, & MINI Coopers sip premium and to start a Prius, press the break, then the "start" button
How about you fix the judges scoring some results are clearly bull shit Thanks !
Me: I don't know y she still mess with u, if I was her I would break up with u! Bro: I don't either, If I was her I was break up with me
#Aztecs dominant tonight. Great efforts by Franklin, Rahon, Shelton.
Hello, there.
Are you auditioning for The Price is Right?
Love the top 11 list, congrats VA!
My dad just became a Maroon 5 fan
his stand ups not exactly hilarious. He's almost Too high doing it.
Making more paper on house arrest than some of u niggas in da streets everyday!
yup -runs away with u
°o° New blog post - "Lemons into Lemonaide" at www.EarToThere.com/blog
i HAVE BEEN M.i.A. 0N TWiTTER, MY DAUGHTER iS SiCK AGAiN :/
ugh long day! Back to work tomorrow!
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
thanks sugar! Xoxo
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I hate or :P<3
Thanks bozzy. We've signed a distributor in NYC!
I went to order my and not even an hour later they are out of stock 😔
Mammoth F finishes 3rd in #NLL voting for league's 2012 Sportsmanship Award - rookie Johnny Powless the winner
need to follow me cause I love him!
About to speak @
Providence Day School is excited to be hosting the Global Educator's Conference tomorrow.
It's always darkest before dawn.
/ What's this I hear about a responsive design on Mission... is it true? ...and congrats to you Josh!!
Hot set brother!
im coming to see it lol
Living and Loving the
i saw that was followin me nd my heart skippd a couple of beats team pretty p all day # ride for you until the wheels fall off
how did I miss this? My stomach is jealous!
i miss you -_-
who is that?
When I look at your heavens, the work of your fingers,... what is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you care for him?
The Garden is rocking just minutes before tip off at tonight's Celtics Mavericks game...I know it's about the Patriots this week...but hey..
sorry, it was truly just a communication breakdown on my end and the wrong flight info went up for a few hours.
"Architecturally, cloud is about providing abstraction and automation." -- some smart guy from Red Hat
“: Enjoyed #lma12 from afar. An interesting blend of sincerity, content and snark. I should have been there. See u in Vegas.”
I'm on Pinterest & listening to a webinar on it right now. I believe in the idea of Pinterest but don't think it's for me. What about you?
BlueJays make playoffs, Phillies blow up
Had a wonderful lunch today with and
That's what she said!
#ShoutOut to my new follower (:
Bad feeling here
I never smoked myself, but my Grandmother lost half a lung from it
We shud vote for mrs.Twitter cuz shes a tweeter;)
The best part of life is not just surviving, but thriving with passion, style, compassion, generosity, humor and kindness
Hey LOVIE !!! Do we have a date yet for Miss DC USA yet???
same here!!
thank you so much for being my idol. Its an honor to support you everyday and everywhere i go. <3
"im jus saying you could do better" tee shirt only $15 now!!! @ www.smirkclothing.com
Yeah exactly - ballet studios but not many classrooms. Does that Raphael painting count?
Yeah I ain't goin. Remember when their 'singer' asked for donations after Katrina when he robbed pharmacies? No, bro.
And the second precis flowed forth, quickly and concisely. Reward: chocolate.
Who have afraid of the kill? Me no only to pain.
where have you been????? I miss you bunches!
I'm gonna chalk that up to a shift that was successful.
he's probably saying the same thing about you when he sees you play that corner
you looked so nice at grand march! Hope you had fun! :)
Spot is a shuttle. See Spot launch. Launch, Spot, launch!
Who is the funniest person on your timeline?? The funniest person you follow??
Do you know some people that are always trying to cheat & use people for whatever they can get/cheat/steal out of people? Avoid those thugs.
what the hell just happened to the
RT : #VGo is excited to be participating in next month! Be sure to come see our #telepresence #robot in action!
Let me finish cleaning the house brb
Arnold classic indoor track championship today!
Gene Hackman during the meltdown at end of Poseidon Adventure.
Yo did u invite Jay-Z 2 #WiredFest2012 this morning while u were at the press conference at the Art Museum?
Yo kids...follow us on Instagram at seismicsound OR at Twitter at seismicsound1
figured one of the Magan's would ;)
Update: Guess comes up board to dress on upcoming events.
Speak with Honesty; Think with sincerity; Act with integrity
I need a new pair of shoes #3. Who do I take in the Derby?
oh i see! thanks!
i can`t getting my phone taken away.
No doubt. Last night had all the makings of a classic Wrigley choke-job. Another thing...is it really THAT cold?
But for me to be laying in the bed and can't sleep! 😲🔫
there is a pic of him on some guys Instagram going around and his grandma replied to CTU and confirmed he is there
I don't have the exams with me. Would be something like 'the group outside which you must marry'
haha i was expecting a pic of YOU with crazy hair ;) lol
Officially beyond pissed!
The Troll costumes in Troll 2 look like snuggies
Hey, i just met you. And this is crazy. But here's some candy, so get in my van. #pedobear ;)
Sometimes you have to do a work task at home. This one took 45 minutes at home and would have 4 hours at work.
AH!! Your dress looked so good!!!
They don't have to be hated, just not "loved" or "spoken of," like Van-Damme's "Double Team"
I lost in a staring contest to a little Mexican boy.
Time for the NFL DRAFT!!!!
Thx for helping my friend get her event set up at 4 ! She said u have been
Baltimore Ravens all day!!!!! Watch out Texans.
#GrandpaFred:Be careful falling asleep...I'm listening.bd:Want me to play u a song? gf:Heck yeah.I die tonight.Going 2 pick up a few goodies
OK i just watch Dance Moms and who is brandon well I know that he was brooke's partner but watz his last name
Solo masturbation rates increase in males to about 2/3 of 17-year-olds, but stay stable among females of all age groups at about 1/3. (NS...
DMing AUSTIN AND CODY ON MY PERSONAL FOR THE NEXT 3 PEOPLE TO FOLLOW <3.
If you don't look out for the people you care about then why are you even alive?
thanks! I have a huge passion for music and I have been very fortunate to be doing what I love!
Let todays best be tomorrows worst.
thanks for the shoutout!!
Some high quality cuts of my songs will be on soundcloud soon. Check back soon...
Christmas tree fire in Sandy sends one to Emanuel Hospital. More on
flippin over chairs...
am here. being good athlete tapering. chillin w/the cricket. waiting for race day. tmrw's agenda: put feet up, eat, drink. be merry?
Go get it;...stop playing and go get your blessing*
i am Hungry Yo!
