Is that a hippo on your collar or are you happy to see me?
Glad I could help :) just stay... Theres a lot of words I could use, peppy, joyous, positive, smiley haha pick one :P
I couldn't imagine what he was going through. It's not like you wake up one morning and decide to commit suicide. He had to have..
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion, I would make movies to try and change the world for the better. I fear what most people would do with the money...
um! I wish it was possible! I do believe I shall not have class next Thursday! Maybe we can work something out! :)
Need to loose 15 pounds before my birthday
First cardio session done! At Job #1, thinking about workout. Gotta do Legs today! Working on a new list of venues for gigs.
happiest birthday, lou reed
One Direction on 94.1 :D
i gotta see the text for this springsteen speech, anyway. an interesting counterpoint to dave grohl's grammy acceptance speech.
“: My tears dry on their own...” feel better bruh.
can you get soups of the day, please?
glad to hear it. If you ever want to chat about #Isagenix then let me know. I love the Shakes, Cleanse, Ionix and Product B. :)
my cnf is like Chuck Palahniuk & my fiction is like Margaret Atwood. Yes.
Bum bitches will cry if you call them bum bitch a lot ha ha!
there should always be three piles: stuff to toss, stuff to blindly pack, and stuff you actually want to see again.
Loving the Linsanity !!!
Get Robert & Alex on Ellen!! <3
Wolf, please work to get rid of the electoral college! So every single vote counted, regardless of the state you live in!
The Food Network makes me want to eat meat.
i just listened to your cover of One Thing. You are truly amazing :) xx
Let's do this LA!
Hey Waterfiers, what's the number 1 song in your playlist you turn to when you're looking to pump yourself up when you hop in the water??
Sometimes I just wish that Dance Moms was more about the dancers. And I wish that the girls actually did ballet. With real teachers.
See you next Weds!
I bet they are, Jared.
Way to go, Cheryl! Have fun sharing your wisdom and inspiration with the NJ panel...
RT : Chorizo is my daughter's favorite! This is going to be fun
Free Teleseminar,"Why you shouldn't make a New Year's Resolution to lose weight."Thur., 12/13,8 PM EST.Please Join Me!
I cant help but laugh sometimes . .
Thank you, too. :)
too late- I already signed up! It's ok, I won't run alone, will be playing on the iPod
Just because we're in a recession doesn't mean your product/business has to be so isolated. Call #TOPFAMENT about our promos! 410.513.9199
being yourself just isnt enough anymore. You gotta take a step out your boundary and think outside the box.
RT A1 World Book Day should be like Children's Day 'every day is World Book Day, Junior!'
Spending my 54th birthday finishing up my "Let's Dance" video from my CD ("cAsE sEnSiTiVe"), which will be released shortly. Ah...
i am so sad i missed you! can't wait to see your beautiful self! hope all is well! xoxoxo, sam
following, unless you have a stronger,faster dog than I do, no loss of sausage,right?
RT : I'M HERE, BITCHES!!!
Setting our starting lineup for #ff with my co-manager... Wait for it... My dad.
I want to go to
Bahaha, what, you didn't like my amazing joke?! :P
LOL! Nice one.
how was ultra!!
my mom just made a banging pomegranate margarita. i wanted all of it, but she said no Dx
Silly sinus thing can't keep me down! Have a great weekend.
i hardly ever answer the house phone- its NOT for me n im not gonna get up to answer it n then try to remember the message
Hm my sister can get downstairs at 6:20 when she has to take the bus but takes til 7:05 when i drive her
thanks again for the support!
Your so fat your toliot has shocks!
Happy Mother's Day to my Grandmommy I miss you everyday!
"Every girl is beautiful, it just takes the right guy to see it."
I love that you tweeted it! I'm not the only one that has game :).
These last 7 days of school are gonna be a joke
Friendly reminder to tweet responsibly and take caution whilst deciphering tweets. Cheers, all! Good day/night!
It must be yo gotti hour on mtv jams Ha!!!.
REST IN PEACE DAVY JONES
I love that Big Time is on the Big Ten game.
That's our name, don't hash tag it out. Ha! We're hilarious. Flipping those flashcards like a pro?
Eat it Barcelona. The most annoying pack of cheating, diving wankers in the history of soccer.
Rainy day + a cold = long day
Sonic Genesis Platinum!!
Mandarin oranges are proof God loves Mankind.
in the metro market listening to an atrocious cover of Maps, really?
oú?! Come to my house and perform your entire album for me by the fire as I watch the snow.
Back from the NRB. Good friends!
follow back please?
Wasteland still (c) in UK and Europe
where r u boyfriend
We're winding down at the -- Thanks to everyone who joined us! We can't wait 'til next year!
Ladies complete yourself before trying to complete a man.
RT if you miss 's tweets
pumped to see The Avengers tonight finally!
The key to cajun writing is rhyming everything with 'bayou' - the trick to writing here in Jackson is rhyming it all with 'strip mall'.
Jim Freeman at LLA Straight Talk mentions One America's Corporate Philanthropy Index (CPI) measured by IU Center of Philanthropy.
"Come on Peggy, I need some help." "Oh I see, you muss be looking for direction to golf course!"
And nap time!
On our way to Tipton for their Lincoln Day Dinner.
“: It's a blanket & blockbuster night #chillycalifornia” CAN I JOIN?!?!
Notorious B.I.G. and Fat Boyz
I was lucky enough to get off work early. I thought I'd do something with my time, but instead I will take a nap. glorious!
i guess this woulden't be the best time to say i broke your dirt bike oh god now im gonna die....
thanks :) and yeah I'm feeling a lot better
No is not the same as Not Now.
Great meeting today = rejuvenation. Glad to see the people and get some things going!
Thanks much, poet.
No more Print Preview. You get preview as well as page setup when you select Print. Very nice!
At it again. Dinner in mah belly, back to the Archives At Night. Quiet in here!
You're an emotional wreck… And there's nothing to be done about it
How much are you wanting for The Everglow? I looked everywhere for it on Saturday and didn't find a single copy.
i am good thanks, is the video out yet?
so excited to now be following and
Solid run tonight. Learned SO much about our show and this space. We are right one schedule. Hope you have your ticket 4 opening!
Wanna see u in the spot tonite!@ Rocca Bar...wired to the Tee!
Tweet us your favorite restaurent or store in Faneuil Hall
Gracias for el follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish
oh goodness! I hope you feel better.
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Interpret This! Fort Ross Education programs and interpretive association.
Party too hard in celebration of the big Tigers hoops win? I know I did.
:) thanks much! we all hope so here as well; lucky for CA'ians that its desert dry--eastcoast gets humid :D
For every RT this gets, i will donate 5 cents to Pencils Of Promise with my birthday money. *They help build schools around the world.*
You know I got you over here. RT: : S/O to for helping a brotha out.
we all get blinded from the lies by them liars thats the truth but once you heard it all you learn the shit you never knew
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and loves you as much as you love them.
Gotta do Buffalo proud with the Zubaz!!!
Also Spammers i NEVER click on you stupid freakin links!!!1
Prayers haven't seemed to be working anymore
as soon as I am out of this meeting I will be! so cool :-)
worshipful imitation of our Saviour
Friday the 13th...no superstitions here. It's a beautiful day in the city! Happy Friday!
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought.
So I can put other people on when I make ,so keep hating on me cause my light will always over shine ur
in LA gettin it in on the West Coast!! We going world wide....believe that!!! Just wrapped up the video shoot w/
I agree...there's nothing wrong w/finding someone attractive. Acting on that attraction is the problem.
he does to you what you do to me . oop .
April21St AudioDope Party.. its going down get ur tiks now Jack London Room.... email
He let me hold that fitted cap <3
Preparing for the Arts Presenters Conference in New York in January while enjoying my raw pumpkin soup for breakfast.
Have you notice they dont put prizes in the cereal boxes nomore lol
Happy Birthday I wish you the best
you be doing the most! Haha
Don't know the difference between you're and your? The elementary school down the road is enrolling.
I'll send a pic! They aren't done cuz we need to talk about new last name and title. :-)
Hey, did you figure out the ticket situation? If not, let me know by tonight? I need to find someone who will take them. Gracias
we can also take the remote control #StanlyTumnus and chase down kids with uncreative costumes
thank you
How do you choose your oral rinse? Have you tried CloSYS? www.closys.com/chooseRinse.html Best Results, No Alcohol, Staining, No Burn!
Doing a tour with Art Institute students! So many great questions!
no dear your YOUR friend is gonna get the shit kicked out of him if you ever speak to clo
same here, have slideshare, but no YouTube
I can't get home fast enough. Ha. But, truth.
RT : Remarkable leaders are willing to look silly if it supports their team and their vision.
My work schedule next week is absolutely beautiful; it will not prohibit me from studying for my last three APs.
Peeve: people reading aloud.
Nicole kidmans dress is interesting, but I don't think it's in a good way. Sorry NK usually I love ur choices
Getting ready to play Daytona Beach, FL this Saturday May 7th at Sick Boys Lounge. Come out for some great music and help support a...
Warm and sticky in the house for the first time this year, will resist urge to flip AC on, not sure why.
it was fantastic to finally catch up at #socon12!!
So word is getting around about us now...are you helping?
Underdog by and fix you by go. Dance and be merry.
I dare you to dump an entire carton of chocolate milk down your pants!
I don't think I've ever wanted to slap my sister more than I do now. Annoying mofo. -_-
Spelling shit wrong<<< get some education my nigga
seriously Greg - what do the Cowboys have to do with it besides providin hotel rooms??
Yeah ive been praying 4 corners last few yrs RT : we need to strengthen our O-line and corners.....
sure, I'll send you a few, what's a good email?
#Pissed This Bitch Got Me Fucked All The Way Up .
Why are you working out in a fitted hat.
omg same same i have ee omg this is gonna suck i'll be like where's the fricken bathroom
awkward moment when that tweet was about you .....
who the fuck uses instagram anyway other than bitches...if you a nigga then your a fag....
We thought you were a LES girl. Watchuu doing up in Midtown East? (Cool factor in total effect)
Polls in Illinois close in just a few minutes. Hopefully, a winner will be announced soon. I have to clean my apartment tonight.
how do you like portland?
I was just playin anyway. I'm away from a tv & its quite on here, what's happening in the game?
Not all of us :( I'm not... well I dont think I am. Hopefully not :\
I dunno why David Stern questioning flopping. Isn't it his plan?? LeBron and Kobe can flop and the refs favor them.
#TerrificTuesday have a great day :)
Check Out lil'wegi Music hits
TheGardenDiet.com has a super deal on their ebooks today. 18 for $10! This is so exciting! (Especially for a poor girl like me)
i only speak the truth and i tell it like it tiz lol
iknow right but its so funny sometimes!
got tracks? Hit me up.. Went to Usm with ya cuz.
WAHOOO!!! RT Our Paragon nominations are on their way!
Yesterday was THE DAY ! :) :D XD
sorry this is late but I DVR'd the game this week to watch w/ friends later but gotta tell ya., THAT INT WAS YOUR TD (next time!)
Hate working out by myself 😡👎😔
Sweet summer time ! Hit me up when your free !
oh man youre breaking my heart i miss u
I will be watching the Knicks vs Miami Heat later tonight
Occupy Rochester has lost is court challenge - seemingly clears the way for the city to move forward with eviction via
UPDATE: RT : Blake Griffin says there's no doubt he'll play tomorrow vs Spurs. Says his knee is "about 75-80" percent.
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS - The Sports Freak says the East will be CHI in 5 over IND, MIA in 5 over PHIL, ORL in 5 over ATL, BOS in 6 over NYK,
thanks for the message! Keep me updated!
Just chillin this morning so far.
Thanks for the info. #FB &
me either <3
sick )): from what
oh.. Yeah, that's troublesome. How far you away from me? We gotta a rockin worship team
Im just stalking rriight now(:
When I was little I hated going to sleep , now I cherish every minute of it!
you would be the one to reply!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs Another One Bites The Dust - Queen LoL
Hey & following you both now, wanted to let you know that the follow buttons on your website aren't working
Here comes success. Over my hill. Here comes success. Here comes my car. Here comes my Chinese rug. In the last ditch, I'll think of you.
Saw a 'How to draw Zombies' book at Barnes & Nobles & found it funny. Had No idea there were academic standards involved with zombies in art
why?? just refresh ur contacts
We hope soon The facade is nearly complete (check out our new doors & windows) and Rm 2250 should be another month.
lacefronts in the summertime. bum style
'twas epic :) Can't wait for the next time they come around!
Dude, long time no see! Send me the link on your production co. & services. Also to my e: . Best! Bev
it's a commitment, hope you're doing well...miss you in Seattle!
Happy Easter everybody! :) Do you guys do anything special with your families? Do you get presents or egg hunts? lol
Looking forward to it!
I listen to a lot of electronic/trance at work, hence the query.
so my friend took a picture of me playin Xbox and i didnt even now til she send it to a person i admire alot! i kinda got a lil red haha
I think it would have been nice if they have an extra hour for the 200th ep.
Thank you! tore it up :) RT Love your new icon ;) Simply beautiful ;) Hope you have a great day! ;) xo
join our website for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
to know the right things, you have to know the right people!!!
Hot damn, is playing in Atlanta tonight!
I love how loud my roommate is. It really helps my concentration. Oh, and I also love that she has equally loud friends.
-our grand children will say when they hear the music we listen to now
Running Highline Canal for last long run before Urban 10 miler next Sunday! I'm running with +.
oveck can smd I hate him so much
i hope so... Unless a gig comes up. But looking forward to it!!
My brother changes his favorite baseball teams more than Brett Favre changes his decision to retire...
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Norway. <3
Thank you. That's very kind of you. :)
I scanned and OCR'ed all of mine. Got access to one of those awesome scanners?
A lovely thing to say; thank you, Lynne!
WKU coming back from 16 down with 5 mins to go was almost as good as the 2007 AFC Championship game and 8 points in 8.9 seconds.
They had speedos on?
Awesome! See you on Wed :)
Happy mothers day! Are u in NYC yet?
yeah besides itunes cause i dont have money lol
Charmington's grand opening celebration: Saturday, October 16. (Yes, we're already open, but this makes it official.)
"If my heart stops beating no big deal'
Pardon my French but your an asshole! Ferris buellers days off
We're at the monthly meeting for SANDAN: lobbying is not a 4 letter word.
Yeah. This.
Thanks! Having a great & busy year so far! Hope you are doing good as well.
Happy Monday!! Hope everyone has a great week! We are anxiously working on Cirqa and are set to release our iPhone/Android app 1st QTR!
I love storms so much
You try too hard to get people to feel sorry for you.
Ya for sure
Take some Dramamine. ": Stop Facebooking and Tweeting!! It's making me get motion sickness in the car! #talkingtomyself"
SEC Champs!!!
So I was thinking if your a human that has a beer belly or is over weight & you were turned into a vampire would You stay like that?
Me too dude!
Great keynote from at #whereconf on when *not* to use maps.
Why did they have to invent COD?!!!
home offices rock
I have an announcement
As opposed to a precedent that Indian rights could be sold without their consent.
you feel old? Think about Oden's forehead. Feel better?
Take that #Prop8!
Aw.... I'm glad your feeling better.
tweet tweet tweet
Congrats to Oxy Women's Golfer on being elected President!
Thank you! Love you and I'm so grateful for our little "trip" the other day. ;) 'twas a blast! God is good.
THIS ": What do you wanna do in my pants?! 0_0"
I came in second both games when I played bowling today...
All of life's a party - if you're not enjoying it, change it :D Why do you feel old today?
#HowAboutWe smoke some reefers
Teaching a class to one of my piano students
Born millionaire say's "Pull yourself by your bootstraps and vote for me" Why would I ? Born wealthy telling me to follow him.Why ?UNRAVEL
Enjoyed being on the #sxibm panel with you this morning, Sancia. Have fun at the rest of #sxswi! :)
If building new home - look into geothermal heat pump - it costs more but has big tax break and much lower energy costs over life of home.
RT : Mt. Hood 50 registration is live!
#ASECS12 Also just heard fascinating paper by Amanda Eubanks Winkler on Anne and public stage.
#CMAS alert? anyone else in the #dc #md #va area get one?
We have a show tonight at shiloh chapel in marysville across from roosters tonight at 6, its just us so come out and have fun with us
Let's all get together so that we can build our own spaceship that will allow us to visit many planets. Do you also want to visit some ET's?
Thoughts and prayers go out to those in Indiana suffering through the tornados.
Save the babies! Donate or volunteer. Check out for more information!
o.o
right back at ya!
If your collective doesn't carry our Yummy edibles, let them know you want them! We make some of the most POTent edibles around!
yum! I'm sure decor never tasted so good
Good Morning ! Where are some of your favorite places to go in #montgomery #Alabama?!
you'll should wait till next Friday so I can join ya
Just finished "Voter Targeting Fundamentals" #NOIdata Good Stuff!
R.I.P MCA and put your root down in heaven.
when will #SaySomething be on iTunes??
Just heard MB on my radio♥ they are gonna be at The Heat radio station live!!
Tonight at Tavern the Salty Caramels open for The Black Lillies!!
your very welcome ;-)
: sometimes I have to call on my Latina sisters like Deb ( ) -- Yeah, me too :)
It's 2:30am in Hawai'i. I think I better go sleepy time. :)
<3'd it “: What did you think of the #MadMen Season 5 Premiere? NOTE: We promise...our windows don't even open.”
um. I'm anonymous. but maybe you knew that. And I'm seeing huge bill boards and hulu commercials for this effort.
come home. I'm bored and can't sleep!
Fight on Forever Junior Seau! You'll forever be in our hearts.
I'm tired of you telling me to hush woman
Spending the afternoon with and the Moriss parentals helping Cori rebuild her apartment. Oh, manual labor. #fortheloveofCori!
i have no swag
How can you be sure I wouldn't enjoy the fact that he must sit on a pointy rock though?
did u see that CNNSI has the Royals at number 7 in their power rankings?
is there going be audio available online?
LA joints goin up soon. It's lookin like
I think it had somethin to do with the Great Bambino
Gorgeous Pass, beautiful goal!
Top 11 Travel Apps
now the big question. Could I get you to come to class with me sometime???
You are an amazing role model! I look up to you because you're real and you don't care what people think of you! <333
Hi Jenn. I was wondering if I could get a birthday shout out. Thanks!
good luck on the video blog
ugh, she's so lucky.
so where do you live these days?
: your like flexy glass! Me: that's plexy glass and it doesn't bend! Haha Her: shut up! Me: your dumb! Oh I love you!(:
The worst of poisons is ivy. B/c you can see it coming
thank you very much that means a lot to us! keep in touch!
So #Scandal ended like that??!!!
Oh, you lied to me? How about I lie to the police about who murdered you.
one other idea is Cleveland Park Bar & Grill. They do a good brunch, are kid friendly & no wait.
Tony Robbins is on Oprahs network ...right now...awesome
I want the full Roman! I want the full Roman! I want the full Roman! I want the full! SO THIS ALBUM NEEDS TO DROP ASAP. love you
wifi is officially my new best friend...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
“: "Hansen caught cheating..." If this is confirmed, he's donzo. Age gap=21 years? Not the same, but doesn't look good!
Did people take pictures of stuff nobody cared about before Instagram?
He gets a lot of crap but he is getting better... only 18 y.o.
i had gotten some from trophypalooza.com
we'd love too! As soon as we record this album hopefully we'll start getting more opportunities!
what's good w/ May 23rd fam? Did you find out your status yet?
“:“:The one night i dont go to tango is there #dang #sopissed” U melissed us....” I know..bummed
thanks for introducing me to such great #AMST2001 students over dinner #FloraRose!
Eastsider for the brewer game. Pull out the broom!
Good,Now time to get to work--Don Turner
3 am, no alcohol inbibed, no marijauna inhaled. Moral victory accomplished!
rough rough day first my red wolves lose on a last second shot and now my celtics lose to the clippers
yummy too lol
just saw a pic of you at the club from my boy Dee...a fellow St. Johnian.
Baby, come fwm, I'm going clubbin'..
Day off from work tomorrow...volunteering at field day for Emmys school
alright. its settled.
thanks for the invite homie
tell you IRL
So its 80 degrees here in Lincoln Maine!!! Off to dentist appt.
Michael's (UES consignment shop) gives me LIFE! The oasis of & DIED!
Don't count on #RexRyan #Tebowing any time soon - not sure it would be physically possible for him.
I did Bikram and almost died lol
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot. ~ Ashleigh Brilliant
Coconut boba and cookies :)
Looking for some models for our next event. DM for more details.
watch zack goes to bamboozle sunday the only day i'm not going
android development > iOS development
Today's entire 1-9 lineup is homegrown. 4th time in franchise history and first time since 1971, pretty cool.
dickies work pants are the most comfortable pants ever
YES! Culture change is certainly not quick and easy, but makes for lasting change.
I'm at your house bra lol
Hv you ever been on a room full of evos or iphones Wen 3 or more peoples phone goes off?
Intuition is your friend.
Watching What Dreams May Come for the millionth time cause I have nothing else to do
This 4 year old just came up to me and said "Hannah, you're so beautiful!"
heck yes it is bro!
It's Twitter. I have to go through my followers list once every few weeks to make sure I haven't unfollowed someone random.
Lmao. I just have one question.... Where did Derek Bieber come from?(:
Paranoid and pretentious!
JUSTICE FOR #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!!! stop #homeless murder by
IMMA SHOW U HOW TO DO DIS SON!!!
Well? How was the soup. I've tapped that!
couldn't get Barca, so we invited their kits...
To everyone who has credited our season this year to luck: _______ _____.
I just checked in at Palmetto Elementary School (12401 SW 74th Ave, Miami) on Carnival yay!
Thanks Fam much respect.
I hate to sleep at night but rather I love to be fuck on hard
Poor Harold. I hope he's ok.
4 more followers until i prove my brother tht #Arinators stand together!! he thinks the whole #ArianaArmy is stupid! Ughh i cant stand him!
having reality bites flashback over my morning coffee.
Wow...guess I'll get the blu-ray!
No one can do you the way that I do :)
OH SHIT. HE JUST SHOT HER RIGHT IN THE FOREHEAD & I WASN'T EVEN EXPECTING THAT.
this whole Dan/blair storyline is stupid.
Twitter is soo much easier to post on then Facebook!
This white castles tho>>>
whose got instagram ? i need to follow more people cause my old one didn't let me log in to it :(
hi John, are you and/or Steven going to CAA in Southampton?
Can IaMmE and Poreotics come back or...
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Lola's Horchata 4.47 / 5 Stars | 196 Reviews by LOLA "A refreshing Mexican drink made with rice, milk, vanilla,
Thank you for being so kind! You're a beautiful and sweet Arianator! ♥ ♥Bretana♥
A French court finds low-cost airline Easyjet guilty of discriminating against three disabled passengers who were denied access to a plane.
perhaps you should have clicked to learn more
Hey can you pleasee follow mee ?? :]
Him! That guy!
Stop wasting time explaining yourself to others. – Your friends don’t need it and your enemies won’t believe it anyway.
stupid i added u Cuz I found Zoe k. LOL damn and I was logged on wit your stupid ass link.
and why the hell now - everyone against Phillip rivers looking to get a fantasy playoff spot
yee your on the radio
saw the northern lights on the plane ride in. hello
This day really brings out the fools forreal
That moment when you almost tell a girl you think she's beautiful but then realize they have a boyfriend.
Tune in to right now to hear and how are preparing for
Getting things done , step by step.
Today's deal; 50% off fresh baked bread at Great Harvest Bread Company! ow.ly/2Qpwi
Great blog entry. I'm a photographer at Fitness America in Vegas. Let me know if you'd like to shoot. Jon
Haha! Epic. Just epic. I love him! I hope you're not too scarred, luv!
And some people have free parking.
I just read about that today!! Bay is going to ruin everything!! Just keep them mutants!! D:<
ah just laying in bed being entertained by twitter. Hbu?
my bday is tomarrow and it would meen alot if you would follow me plzz!!
You know this... Real talk": NO MATTER HOW THIS ENDS CLIPPERSFAN FOR LIFE#CLIPPERNATION"
I was told by sources you wouldn't travel there RT The Varsity Club event at Lucas Oil will be a great event this Wednesday nt.
Oomf n a bad mood just trying to help ! 
hey wuts gud fam.... i gotta get on here more bro
Thanks I'll follow up with you shortly.
I need some "fuck you" music.
who ever came up with a 5 day work week should be shot! i vote for a 2 day work week and a 5 day weekend! who's with me? :)
Feels like I have a toe nail in my eye.
can i annoy you?
Love your beautiful Twitter Picture. I hope to have the energy and humor you have when I'm in my 90s. A very special lady!
how does evryone know
they just got lucky again
it is that size so you can print it out and carry it in your wallet
Even if if kills me im gonna
Happy First Mother's Day to and !!!
wwhhyyy did I just get back and see some flowers in a certain someone's office but not mine?!?
“: there is 2,120 calories in chili's texas cheese fries. #EW”But there good tho? 😳
Somehow got a 93 on my physics midterm when the average was a 54? #miraclesdohappen 👍 now if only ochem would go the same way..
SAY WHATEVER YOU WANT.....as long as IT'S "THE RIGHT THING" to say... :-))))
RT : Any #STL folks in need of empty used Bourbon Barrels? We've got them Tap Room. $50 or 2 for $80. Must be picked up.
Rest in peace, Gentle Ben, Lightning Medicine Cloud, and Buffalo Woman. You will be watching over all Nations now.
Dan Gladden is the only thing standing between Cory Provus and an exceptional broadcast team for the Twins radio network.
I totally encourage you to take the young people in your life to see "We The Party" the new Mario Van Peebles movie! It's a total feel good!
And it's a dickie.
Fries please.
Thanks! Great to meet you, and sorry I had to run off.
Burnett pitching well but this game is killing his k/9. Only 3 strikeouts
Life highlight: just played Oh Happy Day on keyboards on the waterfront in Doha, Qatar. Awesome.
Tickets are about as expensive as a damn DVD nowadays! I don't blame you. Breaking the Bank
OH at #KSsynapse -- "You always ask me that question. But this time, I'm prepared."
you make me feel so lalalalala...
Newborn neglected by parents clings to life - Houston Chronicle
Someon stole my emergency Mt. Dew I had stashed in the office I am squatting in in LA. Is this why some people don't like this city?
Final Four baby! Go #Buckeyes!!
I'm mostly paying attention to the #Nationals tonight, but let's go #Orioles. I'd love to see a comeback.
Will be visiting my folks so I will miss it. Have fun!
Keep me posted, please...
Of course. Have you looked at some of the recent Advocacy evaluation work?
just wanna be with my love! I miss you!!
Kobe is out tonight? #Nuggets have a chance to win!
We are the first inside for the m&g
By cultivating awareness & then building in time to float, as a leaf in a river, towards the things that pull.
good you never let me know bout the case
Yippee! My first trip to ! #FSU RT : Heading to Tallahassee today!
aye it's the cops!
then j gotta pay membership every month.... I just heard they comin out with a new Xbox in 2013
I'll take a G+ invite please. Thanks!
"Alcohol makes everything possible."
haayy boo<3 I need ya number!
Hair Care Tips and How to Choose the Perfect Hair Care
Every girl at my school thinks she's Jenna Marbles.
How boring can you be?
okay, I'm going to go see about a Pixie at Pike Place. Might visit Noc Noc.
or STD, something that each cast member of jersey shore has
friend: how is your day? me: busy crazy good annoying exciting hectic, usual mix. he: sounds normal for you. Isn't that normal for everyone?
I hope your enjoying the offensive output that comes along with being undefeated as well.
AWESOME~! Home town boy makes good<3
Wow! is already over 1000 FB likes. This is only our 8th week open!! We have the most amazing customers!
Downtown and Castleton with
I just found out via a Facebook message that there's a website giving away an iPhone 5. I won't tell you which one, because I want it.
So true, but some way more than others!
Those are BTR DOLLS !!!!!
it burns super bad too !
For the record, I'm not seeing Cabin in the Woods till early May. If someone spoils it for me, I will be the LEAST happy camper.
what instructions are you having trouble understanding?
Game 7's in any sport are tremendous
RT : Don't forget, it's First Friday! Be apart of this evening in Downtown Las #Vegas !!
omg can you please follow me i love your youtube videos and your TEETH!! there so white o-o omg
Hahaha!! That was awesome, just like you! :) LUV YOU! :D
Nothing better than spending an impossibly sunny ca day inside a dark studio with a head full brain candies
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent occurs naturally to me.
indeed! Thank you thank you! Glad I made the move to NY.
Getting back in the gym tomorrow. Cant wait
yep I'm off. Last time I was with Kellogg's she was downing twisted tall boys she might be cut off!
Bucks are in the playoff race. Brewers just started the season. Why do their games have priority on FSW?
I'm bipolar as fuck
don't even get me started on ALL the fab finds she scored there! Mary Karantzou dress too o so jealous!
Is feeling craycray
lol at pump justice but this not to fare off base.
Can't wait to get my hands on Dell's new XPS 13 ultrabook. I really would love to get one and put Windows 8 on it. Got to stop drooling.
Thanks for being a part of our first week!
Trying to start an "Ask Me Anything" spot on the ol blog, any questions out there?!
Hate is a very powerful word, that's why I don't say it. I'd rather pity or strongly dislike something or someone before I say that.
Thas better now it say u follow me
Some HH basses emphasize the high frequencies rather than the low, leaving the kick drum to carry the low end entirely
omg u guys. Haha. I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again. So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me?
Happy Weekend Fans!
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed :)
tryin to get some food
It was great working with all of you. I am no longer with Weather Underground. Happy developing! ~ Matt Gregory
Opens as Olive Ostrovsky In "25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee" Tonight.
This is what it will take to win tonight – and we will. Thank you! “: Good luck, ! Keep chipping away at it.”
Which link please?
Harmonizing 1D songs with is so cayutie!!
Quote of the night; "Is this Inception?" -
Yeah dude :D :D
thats me! Especially the age thing!
tweet spree <3
she said "how can you afford that" i said "how could i afford not to"
my film Good Night|Good Morning releases INDIA-wide @ PVR Cinemas this week or DL #MELA IPAD or ROKU app & get #GNGM free
Deal This Week, $850 4 Hour Photo Booth Package, includes,Costume Props, 4 hours Unlimited Use,Cd/ Removal / Sacramento Area 916-208-4818
very good point to build on Coach
Watch a movie last night that had zombie vampires...do you think a dead vampire would turn into a zombie?
#HartOfDixie season finale. 😁
How do you do those?(:
so proud of you for enjoying the weather!
And I'm still hungry....
Repost: True friends are the people who are totally aware of how strange & difficult you are but still enjoy to be seen with you in public.
just an fyi - Point Break is full of male belly shirts.
RT Obama photoshopped head. Is our new American pasttime trying to discredit politicians instead of supporting efforts? Sad.
hey! I was gonna send that one to you! :P
Hopefully worthy can be the guy to fill Cullen Jenkins' shoes
enjoying the PIttsburgh weather and studying some Prokofiev.
Stop trying to make fetch happen. It's not going to happen. ❤👸
We were shocked to see how many signed up to receive invites. However for the first round, there are only a few. But we will be adding more
Christmas eve at our neighbors'- we're picking up their homemade chocolate truffles, they're merrily cooking lobster.
Pickup Line: I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
Thanks for watching, everyone. John Canzano returns next week!
Like when union thugs used to beat up darker-skinned "scabs"
"Thank you Shawn Michaels, you will be missed!"
Happy birthday shoutout to the most sexiest guy I know ! He's a really cool dude! No regrets on following him!
My source tells me Ryan Braun will either be suspended or exonerated.
I mean the Taurus was a family heirloom. My little brother totaled it. Does that count?
We are about a week away from the Race for the Cure. Join Heather and Stefanie's team yet? Send us your pikg wig pix at ...
Right?? RT : It makes me unbearably sad when publishing people say they don't read for pleasure at all.
I agree! I wouldn't mind showing up to a confetti storm in my parking lot!
Can't wait to attend #NASCAR at #LASVEGASMOTORSPEEDWAY ♥
#MoviesILove starting with the letter "Z"
& you still have my cd, so do it!
Our #Wonk Photo Contest started today! Have a great weekend & keep an eye on our D.C. wonk displays. Contest rules at www.american.edu/wonk
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins--not through strength but by perseverance.
Hey it's Shelby and I just queefed. Peeyouu. More like me C; luvuuuu.
lots of exciting things to tell yall very soon!
“: OMG. Caribou Lou just came on!!! How does this not remind you all of sophomore year of college.” Funriver!
#FF I love you shitty but lovely person. ♥
Nice - would be cool if I could do it from the 32nd floor...
Reviewing abstracts for #ATS2012. 247 to go.
That's right ladies! Just stay classy Pauly! ;)
Wife is baking Red Velvet Cake..it will be heavily gaurded until Thursday, can I wait that long?
Congrats to A SEPARATION (Iran) for winning the Oscar for Foreign Language Film! Our “UCLA Celebration of Iranian Cinema” opens April 13.
“: In celebration of #worlddjday I will DJ naked tonight at Mustang Arena in London, Ontario.” Happy EJ day!
You know what...you should text me!
Force a monkey to ride a dog and God will foresake you
Happy Mother's Day! "Pray for the dead and fight like hell for the living!" -Mother Jones
Ooh what's your clothing brand?
Today's quote: "He is no fool who gives up that which he can never keep to gain that which he can never lose." Jim Elliot
Finding parking at Aventura mall <
It's a bit nippy in Chicago. Better put on more than my sweater vest ;-)
At first I was like 'since when does she have a boyfriend?' then I read the last part and started laughing. :)
"who woulda thought, that after all, something as simple as rock n roll would save our souls?"
can have a 1 person party or a 20 person party don't matter
Hey there, thanks so much for following! :)
i dont know what to feel
Just realized my phones on yellow. :(
nah bro lol some other pond
Haven a smoke out with my sister's
Leadership is action, not position
Forever harassing because I bought a sweatshirt from ktc in december
RT : I hate when people act a different way when they get around certain people
Weird people > Boring people
Back pains
crackin me up
hello men you a crazy dj....ou tha best ever dj in world ever
Rumbache at the Cigar Bar, San Francisco tonight Fri, October 22
of my mind was Rane Arroyo's passing...
ready to be done with these classes and get my weekend started
we're thankful to have fans like you! God bless
And my son called it. If Pens had won , they'd have moved on. Flyers won't.
Okay, don't blow this.
I dont need a dude on my shit
Been working on research grant proposals all day. What a time-consuming effort. But all for good things.
but you say that every time I bring up my chubby days. You're undermining my pity party.
Lost my entire rough riders project.
I don't wake up every day to please you.
Yup, me too! Mayhew/Schwartz know what they are doing. :)
Sorry, Just got it.
Photo was taken 15 minutes before I was almost arrested... haha
We are on an exercise continuum that spans a lifetime. -MindFirstFitness
Will have a vid to show you tomorrow. How goes the campaign prep?
Do you want some fries with your Ketchup and
Hey , how do you usually use ? Do you compose content in the app and share to FB, 4SQ, and twitter from there?
Walking to Bastille Days tonight & just heard Sam Cooke from a car going by. Thought of ya - hope you're well. (:
No sun thi morning....going to Plan B....
Runnin INSANELY late for work. Stuck in this damn traffic wtf is goin on
How about Allen West for VP or Secy of Defense. Gen Petraeus might be good as Secy of Defense.
!!! RT : ANITA BAKER IS GON BE AT RAVINIA THIS SUMMER. Seals it. That's who I'm going to see. *scratches off bucket list*
O, yeah, baby! I'm making the monster cash! Newsroom isn't the same without you.
I haven't changed that in like 3 years haha why were you looking at it creepy stalker guy.
Who #booked for the #VMA tonite?
In the past hour, we have two new friends...keep it going!
I be High as giraffe pussy
I usually tip extremely well no matter what, but this is dumb. I'll likely give him a little, but reluctantly
Thanx 4 seeing me today! ...Good luck getting that song out of your head! #You'reAwesome Sauce!
Get fired up like smokin' gun On the floor til the daylight comes, Gays they just wanna have some fun...A Gay gone wild ;)
my deviance has been revealed.
Sorry for any confusion! Definitely should have been clearer.
bring a reusable cup to starbucks today and get free coffee (just normal coffee, nothing fancy) :(
too bad I'm in Ohio right now
At this week, the guest worship leader was accompanied by 3 men of Bonhoeffer: Jacob Dinsmore, Daniel Kim, and Emery Baumann.
Happy Birthday and congratulations to all of you on your AMA Award. You guys really deserved that.
p.s running sucks
I told someone happy mothers day except they're not a mother omfg how embarrassing
haha sure :) Not sure all the details yet! A family friend is dealing with the rest!
Finished The Catcher in the Rye and realized that Holden and I were more alike than different, kind of reflected what stage of life im at
Anybody know if there is an evolutionary connection between hibernation and metamorphosis?
came across my wifes Bon Jovi stash on the ipod. Going on 6 years of marriage and it still confuses me
Have you had 's Double IPA? This little baby is 9.5% ABV! Cascade hops were used to create a citrus flavor you are sure to love!
the star is impossible to do
Yes, it is HOT STUFF!! Made to order however you like it!! That's what the Italian Ice is for.....coolin' you off!!
Missing the #Brewers but have some good baseball to watch every nt with the #Marlins and
2 weeks until our first show! It's in San Marcos.
Why do some news orgs not list reporter contact info, email etc and use email submission forms instead?so antiquated!
and btw, you will have to wait 3 yrs to see how the picks pan out...so don't get too excited
What do you as a library intern? Must admit, working at a library sounds like great fun!
It's not "opposing the legislative freedoms of states" for Obama to express an opinion on state laws. He does it all the time.
Looking forward to a quick, early-morning workout before heading into work!
Time to have a party! It's ya birthday! Whoop! Work it! -Big Love, SS
so cute! <3
That's good.
Start where you are.
Happy Mother's Day Moms! Love, Swankey Events
Feels like we've grown up too fast.. Its been too long.. And everything seems so different
love when the are up to their shenanigans
I'll be seeing you soon?
Thinly Veiled Lesbians - That's the name of my next band.
The people I work with ....... I swear are retarded.
The best things in life are unseen. That's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream.!
haha love it! I need to meet your other LBs!!!
@ kroger and my mom is sitting next to Jim Forbes!!!!
No need. Looks like all your fellow murderers would do it for you.
TriCaster was shown on camera during Celebrity Apprentice last night! Thanks to Adam Carolla for giving NewTek some love!!
do I remember correctly you posting a pic of a "sexy sax man" recently? Is he local? I think he was just on tv.
4/21...national surprise drug test day
Wanting to go home. I really dont feel like talking today.
I have to cut my moms hair tommorow #Fuck!
“: Wade only had 5pts. 😳😳” he is stinking up the gym fa sho!!!
I'm in ! What part of the song do I do ?
Thanks for an insightful #AtlanticWoW conversation! I always love these events!
not am excuse... Fact. They are one pertinent man down...but good game nonetheless.
Citation and credit for treatments/descriptions rather than full article would make systematic biologists happy.
Coming home and 2 of my fishies are dead ):
im watching friends too!
I mean seriously, have you heard their song Candyland? He said he actually liked it. I wish I could virtually slap some sense in to people.
What if we were like royalty or something? Maybe? just throwing suggestions
All my exes got cold hearts.. I'm probly that cool.
We didn't start the fiyaaaahh
India and England battle for Test supremacy at Lord's
Haha, yes, we let Chris take the shock!
me too but oh we'll all piercings Hirt
New on our liquor tree this week: Three Olives Loopy & Super Cola. Come experiment...all of the other college kids are doing it!
Love your new hair!
RT : since is going to have a lot of free time she will just have to spend it with me :)
killing it right now hosting the and friends show
yes, something like that. Lots of jazz hands.
Hello Everyone.. testing testing 123
Rondo gonna get a triple double today
Hey , I've been on hold so long waiting for a supervisor I had to ignore the call from your automated phone survey.
#lovethepack!! Refs dropped ball so far. Lucky Packers!!
haha mine was boring
I don't know this song and can't see the words.. ACK!
Whenever she loses, she has to put something on
C'mon Baltimore! Let's get moving! 1000th follower gets a $50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna, courtesty
Hospital later ❤
looking @ SF lineup tonite facing Zack Greinke and I'm thinking 3 runs might be more than enough, hope I'm wrong as Melky singles w/2 outs
I had so much fun with tonight jammin to
sounds like fun
Thanks to everyone that came out last night for another awesome Ladies Night! Lots of prizes were given out!
For tomorrow the return of the 12 hour sous vide veal. come see what we do with it.
Strategy time: Which of the location do you think will be least crowded? & thanks for the grasshopper tip
Chilling With My Better'Half <3
JUST ANNOUNCED! Jonathan Wilson at Weds., May 16th!!
Wats. Up twitter
Defending 3pt line has been #Nuggets Achilles all season, fitting season likely ends b/c of it
sweet baby Jesus - fried chicken and smoked gouda waffle from = heaven....
Thanks for keeping my phone charged at every airport. Great sponsorship/branding!
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the fi
GO DEBI! You tell her! Hannah is an amazing dancer and she always will be
In this business, Cream will inevitably rise to the top young artist. Think.
Twitter is the cesspool of the social conscious.
Just married the hell outta some people. Becasue the law, despite good taste, considers me a "Man of the Cloth."
-niqua is here to grace ya TL :)
Just cleaned some more, sweating my arse off now.
Really? Before the season after the Chandler trade everyone thought they might be a 5th or 6th seed. They underachieved man
when is a new video coming out?
I love your icon *-* wow!
hows the music brother?
Sorry, should have stated that it is 07:25am for Central time zone. It is 08:25am in Eastern.
NFLPA -> NFLTA; Does DeMaurice Smith's salary change as the head of a trade assoc vs a players union?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GIRL THAT MEANS THE WORLD AND A HALF TO ME, MY BESTFRIEND, MY OTHER HALF AND MY FAG HAG <3 <3
sure :D
who fuckin wit six flags?
Happy SWEET 16 DAY! May all your #Aztecs dreams come true today. Mine is to be on the McKale Center court filming at 5:10pm PST.
Ohh haha ok that might help! :) normally i have just been going to the my home and then scrowlling down! lol
After receiving 's birthday invite, had to re-watch the Ministry of Silly Walks skit.
I really hate waitin on trev to get off work
attending #SMWLA and will be at the VLounge tomorrow night in #SantaMonica?? then be sure to find and say hi! (+ try #wine too!!)
Hey, you know I don't normally tweet political stuff on here, and this next one is breathtakingly unlikely, but what the hell, why not try.
Thank u so much dear Miguelina!! Woohhooo!! Hope that u r happy yourself. :)
definitely, il check it out now
"Oh Dionna you're growing up! I remember when you had a baby face and now you have a lady face." --Lisa Dyer Oh I love this lady haha <3
I hate smart ass teachers. Me: Can I go to the bathroom? Teacher: I don't know, can you? Me: BITCH I WILL SHIT ON YOUR DESK. Lmfaooo!
Late night in the office = Giordanos. So that's okay.
“: #EDC here we come ..tick tock ” yay!! less than a mth!! still waiting 4 the tix but SO excited :D
Zed? Maynard. Spider just caught a couple of flies.
I can run REALLY FAST in heels when being chased by a can of compressed gas -duster. Thanks
your episode where your shirtless is on Good Luck Charlie. You're freaking cute (: I really wanna go see you Saturday
So you're in Promotions??
let's hope.
Honey badger don't give a shit!!
Democracy: Reality TV from the Corporatist State Broadcasting Network.
Ooh! New episode will distract me from the discomfort of the ice pack on my leg.
Have u ever wondered if mabye the grass is greener on the other side
Beyond happy that Baylor won the NCAA Women's Championship
Good thing animal control laid his ass out cold.. Haha!
KFC Yum! Center is the BEST sports arena name ever!
I sell Game boy games and systems on eBay-you can search reedy9er on Google and my eBay page with my items for sale will pop up at the top!
I'm doing better than before lol. Thank you :)
De rien, Tara! Such a noble cause.
-- Where You At
You too! >> : Tracey, thanks for mentioning me in your tweet! Have a wonderful weekend!
Name the movie: "I know who I am! I'm the dude playing a dude disguised as another dude!"
Wondering if might sign my copy of MIRACLE BEACH, a perfect book club choice
pay. Good cuz I sure did tip her
What? You were less than a mile away from my place in Chicago? I feel like I've seriously missed something.
I be taking some good ass pictures
Painting gives me peace
So glad is back on her #NextChapter with hard-hitting, no holds barred interviews like &
your 12...smartee she's just a year older:D you guys need to find someone else to touch lmao:P
Working at KISS FM and watching the Bears game!
It was really nice meeting you too! Thanks for coming to the show Friday.
I won the GTTV contest fair and square.
Thanks, Tim-O!
DNR live weekend starts tomorrow, I'm at at 6am PST. I must love you guys. Let's talk "WCF is easy now". Of course a little identity :)
It's time to call it a day. Good night all!
Or, meet up in an island in between? I need some nature. Stat.
I'm not liking the '6ers chances. But you never know.
A good guy is like a four leaf clover lucky to have but hard to find.
you better not be sleeping in my bed or i will be killin you instead of you killin it
heading out to UB.
Free pizza in the office tomorrow night!
Mr Dentist, why would you schedule me at 1:15 if you knew I'd still be in the waiting room 20 minutes later?
Just got off of the best job ever
Auburn-Alabama, Kentucky-Louisville, Duke-UNC, and if there's a brawl Cincy-Xavier.
Capital One & WUSTL's Delta Sigma Pi are sponsoring a Trivia Night @ Duffy's 7:45pm CST tonight. $500 for winning teams!
kiss you till you feel the truth
My "REALLY?" moment of the day: Learning we own the Joe Louis Fist. (but not the copyright, so don't call for permission to use it in an ad)
well, we get action! Like the cops come down the street almost everyday and there's gang fights! And a cop got his eye busted open!
I love watching the 3 season of The Vampire Diaries... My favorites actors are Ian Somerhalder and Nina Dobrev there cool and awesome! EHEHE
Finally got a foam mattress topper and a fleece blanket for my bed. Maybe now I'll be able to fall asleep at night without drugging myself.
God bless another morning, another day added to my living score. Get up & get yours, dont stop go and live more thats what we here for.
i did.. BUT i had it up there for a LONG TIME! I'm even considering it as a shirt idea :x What would you think of that?
Virginia's 7th District needs a change, and is the man for the job. Check out his site and give him a follow.
: "Can you pass me a fry?...seriously? You just gave me one?"
im on one right now..
Leggings, dude.
well be back at the Westside Comm Mkt in summer. just , Madison, and
Good idea I think IF it is done well… could be a green WPA for a new generation. Caveat: DONE WELL. That's my fear.
This law and order marathon is crazy good
If there is a heaven, it looks just like TROHV
complains too much...
Reliving the moment
Tall Geese!
RT : The Chargers sound dangerous in theory. But they haven't played 1 complete game all year.
Thank you for such kind words and the #FF !!!
Thanks for following us !
good design is good business and good UX is good marketing
Yay! Look forward to hearing from you.
I told your mom that too. But she said Mari said y'all could buy stuff.
Its 2012 stop trynna use them lame ass lines to get at females
If Jack White knows how to play the intro to Icky Thump and he didn't just randomly make that then he's a genius
where r ya
So there's this show called Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom, attend or be banished.
We'll get ya across town, up the street or to the airport. Seattle's hardest working and original black car service. (206)722-7696
Is it too early to eat a cupcake? If you think yes, don't answer.
Hope you have a great day😘
Really? Nickelback is the Thanksgiving halftime show? Was is too small of a gig for any of the local high school bands?
I was glad you could mail away for the regular box for the Simpsons sets they did the yellow heads for.
Let's show up tonight boys
There is 14 days left of school... holy shit.
my set list journal!! I wanted the new fishman one but it sold out n I couldn't stand to start a new one w/o finishing this!
I'm with him right now
Or Manning can write him a letter from Cleveland, Seattle, Washington, Oakland, or Arizona.
Love this! : "What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things ...
Theon is such an idiot...
sweet brown ringtones for everyone.
Well, when you shoot like crap in the second half, what else can you expect?
See you soon! Thanks Caitlin!
lol! u better tell em fam. death to FL
Mother#*%!! #railsconf attendees need to learn to cover their mouths when coughing!
Happy New Years from your friends at Baltimore Bocce
i sent you my dtm letter. :)
It's not too soon to register for 3/16 User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro myCampus Enterprise Edition! email to sign up!
Being so nauseated & weak <<<
God morning! I figure the extra "o's" will give the perception of a good attitude. Right?
Press Conference: 11:00 today, Occupiers will address statements made by Soglin about their camp. Top of State St. at Veteran's Park.
The fight with Madara and Konan was pretty cool in the manga, but in the anime it really is something else. So much excitement and visuals.
I never like to to talk about tomorrow without acknowledging that its not gauranteed
yes it could!
My niggas beat tape goes in tho' go cop that
honestly. I didn't even now until I checked battlelog. Hahaaah
No Live show today. Gotta get some gear for that other thing i do Pessimistic Smile Photography. Listen in anyway and vote accordingly.
Wow my teacher today had us use gambling math and applied it to whether we would bet our soul on if there was a god. Idk how I feel bout tht
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Stein, Ben
So bored! What is there to do... oh yeah... listen to 's covers :)
To the obnoxiously loud and decidedly uncool Warriors fan sitting behind me, all I can say is I remember my first beer too.
Bill R. will be back on the mic May 17th for Bike Night. While you’re here, check out new merchandise in The Shop!
Business leaders must watch trends on Twitter RT: Business leaders aren't hanging on twitter...More recruiters are
I love when Simon Cowell makes thinly-veiled jokes about Ryan Seacrest's sexuality and Ryan shoots back an ice-queen's glare.
congrats to you both!
That feeling of instant sadness
Ty for such a great
Thanks for the RT; there's still a few more essays to come.
When I do, I will definitely let you know. Until then, I'll toast and butter up a thick slice of... hope.
i cant they have me on a block .. wats ya name ill jus look u up onthere ... or u can search Anthony Looselyric & thats me
ya you did hahaha. Lets meet up at the end of the concert! And maybe the middle. If a break
thank you man! I so appreciate you watching!
The successful men of today are men of one overmastering idea, one unwavering aim, men of single and intense purpose. -Orison Swett Marden
ass diverts are a part of life. Best accept them than be in denial.
ya I still need to check out your house so mad I haven been invited. Totally woulda brought Funyons & maybe even some fishsticks..
Thanks for the share on these amazing students! We're so grateful for your support, both online and off.
Knock Knock!... Who’s there?... Butch!... Butch who?... Butch your little arms around me!
Listening to new Jack White album. Rolling Stone gave it 4 1/2 stars. I've only seen 5 stars once for Dylan. Not bad so far.
Ever hug someone and it lingers a lil too long? Hm... ?
oh thats n no time
Network analyzing semantic networks similarities in #discussion #list #posts to automatically identify persons for include lists for
I say a game that is obviously known for physicality, & that many start playing young, they should know by the pro level..
That just off Highway 101 just map it on your phone. You should check out there center they have artist ongoing, My work, only 9 more days!
Summer of my german solider: 1 of the 1st bks that I remember reading about love, politics and self-worth. still have my copy.
Been There, Done That! Amusing short stories of childhood mischievous antics parents share. Submit yours www.mahoganyproductions.com
Thanks for the RT! Have a *superlative* day.
Were you in high school yet when he had us miss lay-ups on purpose over and over? lol
Why do I continue to think there is hope for the Pirates? oh...no we #suck again.
That awkward moment you get off the B Train to find a dead man just lying there
Thanks so much Dave! Appreciate it!! Please tell your friends :) RT Just watched the Very cool short film dude.
People at post offices today mailing your taxes: we're all shaking our heads at you.
I love Battlestar Gallatica. I dreamed I got tagged teamed by Grace Park and Katie Sackhoff. Three out of four falls.
Are you ready for spring break 2011?? We are! Call us for all our specials!
Pumped to meet up with Nick, Justin, and Molly to get down on some work!
yea but im back!!
Thanks so much for the RT. We noticed that all #recycle as well. How are you?
haha its all good, hopefully next time i can stay longer and stuff =)
Antigua Latin and Mexican restaurant - $20 gets you $40 worth of food and drink on www.crowdclick.com! Get your's today!
pretty fun that we are now on the same train!
A new day! New mercies! Thank you God
Did you get interviewed?
Happy Blated birthday Reginae Hope It Was Awesome!!!
I finally caught a break! Officer did not show. DISMISSED.
If youre not doing anything tonight, go check out Yvonne Pavlik for Karaoke at Levelz!
Anyone see any good YA book trailers lately? Care to share?
Good night everyone! You guys are awesome!
The analyst can go with the #Saints if they want I got #SanFransico in this one!!
sup chick
Mallinson: Operators should cut opex, not capex With introduction of the first mobile networks worldwide, mostly on a national monopoly o
Debating a late night food run...argh
so glad situation seems under control. Sending love and positive energy to you and your family!
s/o to my girl
"Most girls are idiots." -Arya
People texted me happy mothers day from numbers I've deleted long ago smh
ehh . I cant decide if I should take a nap before , or just stay awakee? Lmao .
It sure is!
I've never been so vigilant or diligent. Stalking 97.1 FM Chicago The Drive; that pair of Jethro Tull/America tickets shall be mine.
Getting Ready for The NEW ORLEANS TOUR March 11th!!
I stayed up too late
i really hope Lakers win..
Better your career potential Wednesday eve in Denver with Judy Hale. www.ispi-frc.org
From our Showcases family to yours, Happy Holidays and a joyful new year!
Arguably Roenicke erred by PHing him there. "Just put the ball in play" is NOT George's game.
Woke up this morning with
you are such an inspiration to so many people :) never forget that!
I don't know, because they were cool shots? Politics didn't come to mind when I watched it.. just great shots, timelapses etc.
Rex Grossman making me money. I like it
We have Empanadas today! Chicken or cheese. Hope to see you for lunch.
Yeah no kidding!
RT Looking across the parking lot just as Winter Break's starting, and we're finally getting some fall color around here.
Interested in merging instruction and assessment in a seamless manner. Great chance to discuss with education thought leaders last week.
#educomm Cameron Evans, credential function of higher Ed key to the value of the investment
As pointed out, #Celtics have had 3 chances to push lead to double digits and failed.
Yes I mite as well just go fully gay cause these Boys just do to much
No honeyy money can't buy happiness. Only Jesus can. Don't fool yourself.
Thought of you! RT RU a food/cooking blogger? Join us for a virtual cooking event on Nov 4. Raise UR hand for info!
Hey stranger saw you on my "who to follow" list. Hope all is well since graduation. I haven't seen you in forever.
#TGTSpectacular is not so spectacular
Graduation...Im Proud Of You :-)
We totally have an episode about Ernies Market coming out soon. Happy to see the sandwich man get some love BABY! Great article.
With over 20 years of experience under our belts we understand what it takes to make your rental properties profitable.
thanks buddy! Have a good weekend!
Trying not to think about these papers till tomorrow. GONNA HAVE SOME FUN TONIGHT!
I'm back!
"Per, what do u think ab this 2-finger ring?" "well it looks like ur fingers r stuck together" "its supposed to"
hah, handing out photocopies of my (un-blessed by management) architecture proposals; feels subversive; thus 'samizdat'.
ehh.. it was $10 well saved.
Why are you asking for help?? EMBRACE IT, MEGS!
No, she's always been a teacher. I was really shocked.
Teacher "why's your cat at school today?" Tim: "My dad said to my mom, 'I'm going to eat that pussy when the kids leave' so I'm saving him!
Haha uk how we do bruh
see you are a networker, me too :) looks like you're using MLSPro would it be ok to share my new free recruiting tool with you?
- I'll have to look into that when I get back from ISTE11
Matinee show TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Come join us for some hilarious improvised laughter!
RT : Do not confine your children to your own learning for they were born in another time. - Hebrew Proverb
good luck next week. Just block out all the B.S. and be yourself. It's what got you this far so stay with it.
Life has got to be lived -- that's all there is to it
One week until has its premiere at Exciting!
Devastating injury for #Mariano. The place on the outfield wall he hit near says "Walk-Off a Hero" Very fitting. A true
So u cant cum. Dont worry its okay
ewwww at that tweet
My nerves have been really calm because despite this game I'm scared chitless about the Flyers and Bruins games with this D.
is my big teddy bear <333 he think he a big dawg doee lmao
I'm gonna miss you coach. *tear*
Thoughts on the Cam Newton first overall??
she's not in a stable state, why continue to humiliate her, not cool #deion&pilar
I must say Nene has been a little nicer that usual Hmm Makes me wonder could it be that you will be friends again ?
So many awkward things happening on twitter right now
Mommy is going to the Bahamas for the weekend, therefore she will not be getting a mother's day present from me...Try yo other kids.
oh my....I was looking back trying to figure out what u were talking about
<3 took the morning off of the office to hit cardio hard and pose with IFBB Pro Jillian Reville .... Progression and practice kids :)
I enjoyed watching it. You could label me pro-headhunting.
girl at starbux counter comes 2 my table and is like u seem like ur havin a ruff day, here r the rest of the chocolate chip cookies
Thanks for the great party :)
QoTD: "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." (Walt Disney)
What a beautiful morning
Insecurity is a bitch doe
If we lose I blame it on these whack-ass camera angles
Obama sounds like he enjoys the political scrum. I don't give Romney or Gingrich much of a shot in the fall.
mac, why have you failed me?.....
Responded to FIRE @ 626 Riverside Drive, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
i missed s following spree last night.):
Homework time :/
Sprinting to the bus stop in the morning <<
Are you ready to wake up with Cleveland's #1 Sunday Spinning Class? Join Holly Lim for Spinning today at 10:30am Sign up's start at...
hm... I wonder if is giving anything away for #ala12. I wish they'd mention it or something :-)
to teach people how to follow rules.
No problem!
#mlsprotectedplayerlistsarelate because #MLS decided to submit a list for refs, but could't find 11 to protect.
I love you!!!
I want to see it but I live outside of the Knoxville viewing area. Is it available online?
What's up everyone? Monday was yesterday, so the worst day of the week is out of the way. Utilize this Tuesday to do something productive!
Go Blues Go
“: I honestly don't miss nothin about u I'm gettin mad that I'm sittin here tweetin about u...” oh
": I got cha I'm ready to put the city on My back" Awready, I can dig that fam
So according to Santorum, children born out of wedlock (like me) are a danger to this country. Right got it!
All these Bieber TT , #beliebersarewinning fer sure,
love life while you here
RAUL BE SEEIN YOU LATER
Officers opened the door and faced mob - This is Nottingham
Dickinson was no better. How do they expect u 2 study in a room the size of a closet? I won't even get into other distractions
Haha! RT : I'm eating humble pie right now lol
Easy to second guess, but a nine point lead here would be nice instead of 8
All you need is love and
Thanks for the heads up and kind words on the photo, It is definitely "game on" regarding the SocialCX blog!
I think a visit to is just what the office needs. .
Nice warm sunday....gonna kill my wine and take a shot of henny
its ridiculous and doesnt make sense? Why would you want to be treated like shit? Not a clue?
loll. I'm sorry. youu could've text me.
Had a successful event last week in Salt Lake City, UT at the Outdoor Retailer show. Thanks to Kelsey, Gerald, Brigham, and Anna!
I take it you like dick + weed. Good girl.
Yeah, New York's cool for a lot of reasons, but space shuttle history isn't one. I'm not sure what happened there...
Twin day today at school with ryann(:
you better be dressing up! House pride!
All of those teams are in the same county. They are all ranked except JFK.
Spurs in 5. This thing will be a cakewalk. Who's with me? (Taylor)
great grandma x 4 was of the Muscogee tribe who once flourished in the southeastern part of what we know today as the U.S.
Hi ! We so love you! has Awesome New Republic opening for but agree you'd be a great opener too! ;)
“: Blue eyed people study better & Get better grades than Brown eyed people.” <<<<heck yea!
A5. I'm really interested in grad school, but what about return on investment? Debt for low compensation in the arts?
I know i love #apple but i love my #lg gslate tab
Walking into work for the last time til April 19! Long overdue vacation here I come!!!
Todd, love your sexy pose! Pat is a lucky woman!
So are you following me on IG?
yo,NKOTB, help a bro out, been tryin to get your 5 star tickets for my wifey and girlfriends, no luck, only one left memphis, yo any help??
She has been with us since puppyhood. Was freshly groomed today!
Let's get out in front of tomorrow's question. Answer: No, winning Bay Hill does not make #Tiger more marketable
"Seasons" Grand Opening of Latin Floor and Mash-Up Floor #LuxSundays | Text LuxSundays to 74455
I am a maybe.Ive got eating plans at 6 but when I am done Ill prolly stop by
your food is wonderful! I absolutely love the Szechuan Pickles! Jamie is making Food Cart magic happen today!
lol i did, my bad jewster
I seen a shooting star tonight!! :)) & made a wish! <3
I like dark cinema, but it usually has to be fun for me to get really excited about it. There are a few exceptions, tho.
Which track bro?
It's still early!!! What are you waiting for!!??
??N Cleveland Oh Are the seats that are not open to public for sell 4 VIP or are the seats for Pre Sale -- either way I'm there
No plans tomorrow
Good Morning!!! Extra relaxing and great weekend, super ready for this week!!
Hi Jeff! we introduced our new morning co-anchor!
happy birthday moto! its been a record breaking week, time to sleep.
I got a new puppy today! :)
Honor and a privilege to be joining legendary coach Joan Bonvicini's staff as an assistant women's basketball coach at Seattle Universit ...
same ol same ol. What's good bro
I'm seeing a lot of similarities between the Occupy Movement and the Granger Movement of the 1860s and 1870s
Here's to the Directioners who will take a marriage contract to a 1D signing.
chatting with A. about how many and what kind of chicks to buy
ToFCON website is back up, friends, go check it out!
So Happy for you guys!!! Congrats!!
6 more followers to reach 100!
what's a timeline.
Hey how are ya :))
fascinating. could probably get lost watching this for a while if i let myself haha. thanks for sharing!
I hate when you are positive your phone vibrated but there aren't any new texts/alerts
Ladies, if all a man wants are your breats, legs and thighs send him to KFC.
Follow if you like to EAT out. via
Harry Potter. epic
I find that text reference patrons often have a clearer idea of their question than f2f patrons (in undergrad academic libs).
my brother was just on my twitter. bitch better not follow me. i mean it. don't you dare.
You know it's depressing for me to see those people who claim they "roll one deep"..They're either lying or have a very very lonely life.
Hey guys!! Looking forward to come back to Colorado! Telluride in early August
Thanks for the awesome shout out!!
Geeked they took the Pitfall outta Kennywood so I can't be talked into riding it lol
Alright, alright. I will accept your apology and try not to be traumatized.
morning all. another beautiful day here in rochester. the public market is quite busy even with the gloomy weather. boulder for breakfast.
Beginners Guide To Digital Photography | Digital Cams and ...
Fondon gets a K to end the inning.
Some excellent books from the Vietnamese perspective were recommended to me by Reading one now.
Fantastic visit with Liz Garton Scanlon today. New book coming in the spring!
Thanks for the FF mentions, we can use all the support we can get. Thanks for your service, Stay safe!
Sharks power play on Chicago holding
New followers, we're still having tryouts for a lead guitarist. Reply if interested.
let's just hope it won't be like your Chicago show where everyone almost died because of the heat. Haha
"Mr. Myrtle's the meanest old man who ever lived."
The incident where I feel that it would be okay to arrest for a felony crime is when they have probable cause
