Just saw the It Gets Better vid. Well done, sir. Thank you for having the courage to stand up for LGBT rights and justice.
Goin to the T Shirt Shop to meet with with my team !
In that boat as well. RT : I MIGHT give a pinky to be an analyst on First Take.
Just in case you were worried that I was becoming too stylish and cool- there are cows on my socks.
Its public on the stock exchange now so no "real" owner I guess....
Shockingly nice in NYC for 24 hours only, then windy and cold. Side effect: streams from melting snow all over Central Park...
WHAT , NICKNAMES ALREADY . takin this to fast dont cha think sandra ? ;D ahaha
OMG.. RINGER? SERIOUSLY!? AGH!
IN Quotes: "The body knows what you need before the head does."
That thunder just scared the shit outta me low key smh
Send preservation of evidence letters to your own client as well as opposing counsel--protect against inadvertent spoliation
Yah we have it on our BluRay player
It's thundering and lightning
Why my charger is falling out of my phone right now... Idk
Search Lecrae "Church Clothes" on youtube.... Crazy stuff!!
Thank you! Your space looks so glamorous!
Hi my name is VICTORY, what's yours?
Happy May! Next likemind is May 15!
a bloody massacre!
The new store of the Museum of Sex in Manhattan turns sleaze into sleak
#Taurus loves environments that yield high, longterm value. Investments r significant to security in love & career. Real estate is essential
Using library or other computers? BACK THOSE PRECIOUS PAPERS UP! (sorry for the shouting).
yes it can!
This morning we recycled a load of cardboard and now we're going to the city of Bellaire to swap out a 20 yrd dumpster!
Kimi and i are totally spamming your status right now. XD
My first time was in an office building and I was impressed by the size.
Can't wait for the #Yankees to come to #Boston tomorrow! Always fun covering the best rivalry in sports..
Just do it!!
prisms and Portuguese jazz for the mornings
We call them MASSHOLES for a reason GOPACKGO
thank you..! And btw they were as good as they looked! Lol
When u see me holla L's Up!
please please please tell me I won a Cody Simpson meet and greet! Did you notify the winners yet? I can't stand the suspense!
help us raise money to buy instruments and technology for our class! join the Everybody Deserves Music project : )
I should! Or at least I should win some hot sauce.
I am watching this video of james cameron going 7 miles down to ocean floor. Only humans would leave 600 lbs of trash behind....
Mar is my favorite
Nothing like an unexpected hangout with my boy 😊
surely, they do. I know I do.
Damn never seen so red before! This looks like a college game!
Thank you and welcome to so many great new followers! :)
RT : #onthisdate In 1943, Jewish residents of the Warsaw Ghetto revolted when the Germans tried to resume deportations to Treblinka.
i have become close to and in the past couple months but recently ive talked to them less and i miss them! :(
Pres says he wont stand by while economic competitors don't play by rules. I hope he feels that same abt political competitors these days...
Super excited about my tattoo consult today!
Night got better once the break dancers came out to play!
Join us at Sky Lounge on 2nd. St, & Washington for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top.
knock em dead girl!!! Luv ya
Just wanted to say thanks for the follow!
City Hall refuses to hear the voices of Chicago airport workers. Public hearing at the Chicago Temple
Doing the same with Call Me Maybe, but still no calls. RT : Hoping that playing Friday on repeat will make it Friday
Dont wait till the last minute join me at my new party #LuxSundays 2nite EVERYONE IS FREE when you Text LuxSundays to 74455
foamposites already sold out?? are you getting more?
Yes! It's why I bring a portable chair with me when I round, haha!
ehh just a tad bit true, sorry b-sack
a "dictionary" hint hint i got the insider im telling on you hahahaha
Duuudeee ...... If you're reading this your either a.) Bored b.) Stupid Or c.) You actually care about what I tweet ( S I K E ) lol
i cant watch this lakers game anymore!
I'm a really hungry fat drunk girl
Thanks for taking all of those photos and , so rad!
embrace | shove away
what note
Thanks, playing with my own toy #SeeSaw :)
Check out www.kingoffitteds.com
Noah PorterThere is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
Congrats on a job well WON
Be sure to tune into tomorrow morning at 8:30AM. 2012 Calendar Firefighters will be on to chat about the new calendar release!
haha i'll be sure to keep a safe distance when I see you tomorrow!
Well, yeah, that's what I meant. RT : lol not gonna vote for anyone ._.
yay election day! Rock out!
i know, im just saying. Can't people just understand we had an off night, we're still top, even if gap is smaller
Selling Carpet and Tile Southern california , Discounts on hardwood and countertops call today 3 stores to serve u.:) 909-271-3644
She's the biggest liar of life, oh god.
RT : "I may not believe in life after death, but what a gift it is to be alive now." Natalie Angier
RT : Umbrellas are for people who aren't from Oregon.
Ryan Kelly is poop tooth. Just ask
Jack the Ripper could've been a woman?! #MysteryQuest on seems to think it's possible. Color me intrigued.
Looks like some one lost a bet! is now on twitter! Now we must re-instate the 24/7 Hardcore title rule!
Explore this spring&#39;s high-drama coats
sexy sexy :$
Have u heard of "A New Kind of Perfect"? Read all about it www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog!
We're going to start following only those who follow us back, tell your friends to follow us!
Kids today. What ever happened to Robitussin
We've married another retail deal!!! to occupy 3,900 sq. ft. of space at come Nov. 2011. So exciting!!!
A single boundary gives you twice what several #Surrey batsmen have got out for this knock.
OMG...NCL is offering a 4 day cruise to the Bahamas for $139.00 I am just not believing this!
I'm dead serious, I know so many people who have been like "Did you see that article on The Onion? That's messed up, man."
omg omg watson's debut on jeopardy starting now!!
Tomorrows mission: get a state ID, try to make it to class, and eat panda express
I'm headed for some Halloween fun this weekend! So excited.
'There has to be a standard that makes that determination of marriage, and the Bible is that standard,' Baity says.
Some people will be covering the NFL draft in suits tonight. I'll be covering it in pajama pants.
but its your house,yolo brilynn,yolo.Lets just wish for this at 11:11 every day,so it;ll happenawks that I just missed it :p
you will never follow me but its worth a try can you plz follow me
also with one of the beatles Twiz the beat pro.. jazz cigaret status
me either (: I' get distracted easily 😁
This makes it feel closer : According to ESPN, Peyton Manning to work out for the #Broncos today at Duke University.
but a plane ticket and be on your way lmao
Thanks2 Happy Belated B-Day Wendy!!! So busy w/ college algebra etc had to unplug & get lots done. Finals week!=)
The Self is the source of love. People who live their own love stories have learned this lesson above all.
good to hear, same here juss some stuff changed is all lol
I do eat da women lol
thanks man!
staying in tonight
I just grilled some tuna steaks so I'd go swordfish, in a seafood mood
This the earliest i got up in a long time
Cool phone just stop working I don't mind
Signed up for the washington post so we would have paper to light the bbq, but find myself digging the retro ritual of paper and coffee. ...
People who just sit around bashing celebrities girlfriends are so pathetic... Get over it, you never had a chance anyway!
Reading (and other media) is a "social contact sport"
Thanks for listening! He's definitely on the list of directors we want to tackle!
the new Star Trek movie is awesome! Call me a nerd, but i freakin love that movie! :]
cute pup!!
Joining the #artsmgtchat through :)
I know you can barley even see me in my profile pic. But its on set with a RED. yeah
Thanks for the RT! We're ready for a great show! :)
rt Never forget that you are unique…just like everybody else!
2 days until our big social!
Ha! Hope there's a video montage of all this! RT : Santorum looking at Paul like he's the crazy uncle at Thanksgiving table.
YEAH! buutt no, "why are their pants so tight" because mom. we all wanna see their crotches.
Everyone want love </3
Another beautiful day at Pier 60 everyone come on out and see my show.
Can't sleep :/
#kids Springs Preserve Ice Cream Festival at Springs Preserve, Sat, May 12 11:00a: Cool off with sweet treats as the Springs Preserve...
packers are pretty unbeatable really. I excluded them from consideration, since its too obvious. Packers over Ravens 4real.
if you need anything, or want us to do anything we are always here. remember that! keep your head up!
RT : Chances of developing coronary heart disease can be reduced by more than half through lifestyle & dietary changes
Their life or their backpack? Lol.
Nothing alleviates suffering like reaching out to another person who is suffering.
Owner Dusty Jenkins of Cinepro Studios will be shooting a documentary/short film of my life and my 2012 MRA racing season. Cant wait :-)
I hopped to UHop!
only for you😝
Dave might as well be a semi-pro body builder and a big guy!! It was pretty funny!
Me- "Cooper, how do you know every word to every song?" Cooper- "I don't, see I don't know this part."
No problem! We welcome you in case plans change :)
#ImagineAustin my life is full of (Urname) 's face! Alex Man ur so inlove! That's good! A: I love her till my heart stops beating! *smiles*
lol that reminds me i still gotta do that midterm!
Been busy, haven't been on here in a minute. I'll be on stage tonight at Speakeasy. How is everyone doing?
I'ma cut her some slack lol
RT": The last time the NCAA football champ was a non-SEC school, Twitter didnt exist. What was life like then?"
Oh forgot say good morning!
RT : Cloud = not here
Teardrop - Massive Attack.
RTmissrogue is my daily newswire. I swear. I've tried to go elsewhere, but somehow she uncovers the best stuff. :)
Catching up on tweets while waiting 20 min for the next train
but not nearly as painful.
TRAVIS PORTER live at fur Nightclub May 4th is going to be another packed event.
Nothing says "I might touch your child innapropriatley" more than a grow man in a Miata.
Looking forward to reactions and comments on Nacirema tomorrow in #UPEIAN105 . An oldie but a goodie.
I don't know. I'm not sure he'd like it.
I want to get into Entertainment Law. I wish I knew someone with connections!
Gov. Haley Barbour thinks the civil rights struggles were not that bad. U think maybe one of his relatives was lynched, for a made up reason
Good thing the Air Force is paying for my gas. Imma cruise slow homie. Lol.
as long as you're in the game, username is not important, but glad your with us #redsoxnation folks to support the team.
I hate this part...
Ridiculous isn't the word
Great day for a hot dog-come on down to the Main Street Public Parking Lot today and have lunch with us...hope to see you there...Happy Jack
Those Knick haters are not liking this shit going down in The Garden right now. #RCavTickets+9dead?
YES!!! “: Lol! You know I'm about to watch my favorite episode "Dancin' To the Max" RIGHT now!”
you do exist!
:) RT : That prayer last night. The Lord truly knows my heart.
Michelle Dunn, Collections MAVEN, believes ACCELERATOR is an awesome, in-demand tool to help you get paid FASTER! Call today 800-850-5110!
Experts sleuth out what killed Puget Sound orca - Fox News
Thought for the day: "If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
“: Its been 10 years since I put out 50cent is the future. So I'm putting out the BIG 10 next week 10 smoking hot tracks #SK”
Quittin' time? I think so.
My oh my you're so good lookinnn
I don't remember publicly announcing the Mk vita bathroom invitational. It's gonna be HYPE
Reminder about our meeting tonight EAers- 5:30 at The Beat! Be there or be....
Taking a pic in a bra & panty set with cheap heels will never make u model or wifey material
Thanks for the tech segment. I'm not graduating from anything either, but I'll take those Jawbone speakers.
that was great!
Check out ! This is so dope. Many of ur fellow players gettin fades! Jose included.
Never drink on an empty stomach. $9 large 1 topping pizza now until 11pm.
roger that
RT : RT : Just got kicked out of the zoo! How the fuck was I supposed to know that "real" hippos don't actually...
Anytime my girl! Thank you as well :-)
lol never been there
I Love You Talking About The Secre ANd i
Want to do something to help the environment today. Have a package delivered using a bike messenger!!!!
good day mr obama. I find it just great to do is just totally good okei good day yet
#amendment1 much closer in among those who have already voted than overall. *could* indicate better GOTV op for opponents.
SUMMER why you no come soon?
So, I live in #LA now.
Circa Circa at Paramount!!
you sure?? Cause I def think I have an F in English #wouldtbesurprised haha
Studying educational philosophies and curricula: Reggio Emilia, Montessori, IB, Khan Academy, etc. No one has all the answers.
Can't wait! Come join us "ya'll"! RT #TEXSOM Sneak Peek: MS & MW tell us about Texas Terroir on 8/12!
You'd be lucky to fail. That means you get another chance, and you find out who really is with you no matter what :)
"Rhode Island" is a strange thing to scream in an angry, metal affectation
It's a good thing I don't wear a beard brace.
We recommend the #Palms msg he has the hookups to #Ghostbar #Rain #Playboy and
congats to you & ur new hubby, my you be happy for many lifetimes
It disgusts me too much to even watch it.
Picks in progress: Cubs-114 and Braves-107. These picks were given for free to all our customers on the email list!
YEAH YEAH YEAH and Drew Pearson pushed off ..... WHATEVER
From working out?
(Most events still at though!)
Well, they're "rebuilding" so I'm not expecting them to be good. Therefore no heart break when they are terrible!
If a shop wants to enter the die cutting segment, there has never been a time with better resources available.
Idea for Admins fr J.Ohler - Create media narrative for teachers on why they became an teacher leader. Show at start of SY.
Don't let this cut into your Get-the-hell-out-of-town savings.
down't know what i would do without <3
With bourbon milkshakes??
“: That tat look like a 5 year old kid got ahold of a sharpie and had his way wit the side of his head #southLAnd” LOL!! Agreed!
We missed you! Welcome back! Ha Ha!
Thank you pandora for not being a blocked site on my computer at work ❤
Why is #facebook redirecting to #myspace?
Thank You so Much! I appreciate it! Your to kind! =]
earns the Leading Scorer Award with 53 points at the 56th Annual Awards Evening.
ZOO TYCOON<33333
Milwaukeeans- have you heard about the Inner Peace Music Festival? Come!
That's right cuff that ball in go to hole
I just got pitched by marketers saying they can get my pitch in journalists' hands ...
soon as Its up... I got u!
Gonna need a miracle to happen
#TodayImWearing pajamas. It's that kind of day.
I've learned that I'd rather be on stage than in the studio...
A thug changes, and love changes, and best friends become strangers.
Please come to Boston?:(
RT : I JUST TOOK A PIC BUT I DON'T WANT TO POST IT CUZ MY HEAD IS BIG :( <~~ Lmao!! That's every pic you're in
Online Scrabble
you are already there my friend. I'm no 100 miler princess til I finish mine in June.
Your statuses get liked because your body is lusted after.
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church
You're illiterate.
SO looking forward. Deborah Crombie's new book: DI Duncan Kincaid. Gemma James. No Mark Upon Her. Feb 2012.
RT URBAN VINTAGE sourced items at Green. Boutique 432 Santa Clara, #Oakland, CA - -- Open Tomorrow 11-5pm!
Thank you for the mention
go on zingled.com its fun!
Can't wait for Sporting KC tonight!! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #leggo you guys got this!
thanks homie - you rock as usual!!
2 auditions Monday: dance & indie film. Workshoped w/Craig Campobasso of Joy Todd/Craig Campobasso. Tonight w/Assoc. of Burrows/Boland!
you are welcome!
I knew it lol
that's a lie I don't use that term freely unlike yu and she is my best friend
So many concerts coming up... Justice, Odd Future, Excision... good shit.
Wednesday we're excited to welcome Frank Mungeam as our second SM speaker - Learn how to market your business like a marketer!
I also agree that the start up on Zotero is faster, but that doesn't nec. mean better. Cost was the decider for me.
Saw trapt in concert Friday night still can't believe what an amazing show it was!
no "/ iv read about two books taking notes trying to figure out my thesis lol but auschwitz is actually hard to write about lol
Marcus canty very weak vocals, plenty of help from backup singers. Why was marcus mic turned so low?
watching #raisinghope for the first time. it's pretty decent.
Need Help With Your Success
“ Between laughing for no reason, stupid arguments, long talks, and making fun of each other, I fell in love with you.”
You better believe it! RT via are you guys going to carry the preseason games tomorrow?
Just saw promo for new show on History Channel..... CAN'T WAIT!!!
That Text He Sent >>>>>
Time for an early lunch. (Where should I go?) Missing great panels, but gotta eat sometime....
“: Off to go dance in the Dallas snow” loving the snow, but already ready for Wednesday and the 75 high. Oh TX weather!!
And his social intelligence helped him implement his policies effectively whether you like them or not (I didn't!)
Big day tomorrow
Largent, and Blades
The shit that goes through my mind sometimes..
Haha...for real man.
Best bumper sticker EVER: My zombie child ate your honor student's brains.
don't say such things we'll hang out before that
Able to get jack?
check out for response and action
haha omg I would have punched her ass!
I saw you on Hard Balls last night. What is wrong with you little troll. Are you retarded, or just fucking stupid? Handicapped
I cant relax or sleep... this virus and blood pressure is insanity....
Thank you so much for the follow as well! Looking forward to your Super Dentist Tweets!
Awesome teen Sergio is leading the 2nd meeting of his teen poetry workshop series So much laughter & appreciative snapping!
hi Yoko I met you a long time ago when i was a boy on the john lennon tour bus. I had my first recording ever on that bus
here we go haha i asked how you heard of our video XD
The retirement of magnus, my saab, was bittersweet. an awesome night with sts9 and only 2 days until florida really help soften the blow.
cuz i got home a hour late from the mall and i didnt call to say i was coming back late
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 6
different sports means different situations. basketball gives much more control over a game for one player
im off work no waitin on this girl to hurry up and get here cuz i got things to do..so hurry up and stop tweetin
your right! get cracking on hamlet and show Mrs. Nelson what's goodie, TBISH style!!!
come to r CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm. We have our D-balls inflated and ready 2 go. That sounds gross.
Roses are reddish, Violets are bluish, If it weren't for Christmas, We'd all be Jewish. ~ Benny Hill
RT : ur avi is bright pink, wearing funny glasses & puckering up. clearly, your tastes are questionable :P
basically hot dog slices in ketchup (not the american kind) with curry sprinkled on top.
lol I thought this was going to be you in the special dress blazer. I was going to say damn, that still fits from 6th grade?!
I sneezed and this loser texts me saying 'God bless you' lol
Chicago's first Quiet Night is only two days away!!
Just biked 13.25 miles around Black River Falls. Forgot how hilly Jackson County is.
I'm so tired ima be walking slow isell
I love that place-- checked it out for the first time just a couple months ago-- it's quite well hidden :)
Who's ready for the SOLD OUT show tomorrow night?!
John, two trial-balloon Qs: 1) Are U going 2 be in PHX anytime soon? 2) Interested in writing about creativity in CFB on the field?
quite an odd way to refer to her lol
Cannabis is a hot topic!
Medical City Dallas Hospital Expands Allocade's On-Cue Artificial Intelligence ...
I need a job!!!
#truth ": Toddlers and Tiaras is sickening!"
the new face of journalism! taking one for the team!
Me too! It just dawned on me I may be too old to be part of her generation. You've got at least a year left ;)
it is jus make sure the gators are around then there's no way of knowin if they fell in or what... Jus a thought...
No Doubt on the radio! Crazy how a song can make you excited instantly and bring back childhood memories. 90's music is where it's at. Holla
Greg Harper cracks me up!
gonna go out :D .
getting excited to cover the Razzie Awards this weekend...#dontjudgme :)
That's Mickey Spagnola AKA The Mickaroo. He's the Cowboy writer. My kids met him in Tampa.
follow me for a shoutout i follow back :)
what?!? That's blasphemy! My heart is broken
Don't wait for the world to recognize your greatness; live it, and let the world catch up to you
a BIG congrats to the.......#Brewers!
Loyal Supporters vs. Imaginary Supporters. -
: I'm off to Germany/Paris til the 26th, contact Josh on our facebook for ordering, you guys are the best! is great!
Def taking an extra long lunch to enjoy this weather!!
Anyone else have their MBP resting under there Cinema Display? Is it safe from the heat?
nice office! Haha
Dating a girl that can dress>>>>>>
Thanks Happy to help. :)
I want my damn car already
This is it #Delta: 75 euros for a bag and then a plane that's older than I am.
County mourns death of Mike Cady, a judge and former commissioner
Omg my Christmas tree just fell
What's up ... Schmidt didn't take his shirt off tonight? Ergo my wife was bummed!
looks awesome, long live Martense! Don't thank me, I just press buttons!
Tweet from my undergrad alma mater says "Don't miss [town's] favorite band!" I've never heard of said band. Am now officially old.
Hope it went well! Looking forward to the end of March!
Nada Bakri on #CNN: "I'm a little mad at journalism."
I did! Before I ever clowned you about. My husband had me watching that and that dumb pawn shop show. He's terrible.
Thanks for a great evening! We enjoyed it.
paisan, the special killed us, u need a sitcom
note to self...when you have a streaming head cold, dont paint your nails, coz when you sneeze...there is a difficult choice to be made.
I mean, that entire pot of coffee wasn't just going to drink itself. So now I am plastered to the ceiling.
GOD Morning tweeters. We're SO close to 150! Thanks to our 7 new followers since yesterday, If I have not already, I will follow back.
Of course I did, I know more about baseball than any of you!
Hm Hennessy and coke with a vicodin = sweet sleep
Just got a Sinatra cd recorded in 1939, blows my mind to be listening to people playing music at a point in time 73 years ago. Crazy.
I played Pink Champagne and my mom was like "who's is this, Demi Lovato?"
postal service came on my pandora radio, makes me miss you and badass fridays <3
no way!! yeah they are!!lol
nice start, just keep at it....
": Be grateful for EVERYTHING."
Just got a free venti iced coffee @ Starbucks. Not sure why but not complaining.
cool! I just got home :)
RT : The word "axiomatic" is George Will's thing and he will straight up cut you if you try to use it.
u r so beautiful and u need to know dat! Ur like so gorgeous its crazy
I saw the tweets. You were HILARIOUS this afternoon!!! :)
In your mouth :
i think i'm gona get a snack and take a nap soon. xP
Bahaha. Is that why you've been MIA..spending all your time with Beiber?I get it now.Do ya thang chicken wang!:D
That sucks!! :( it must be because we aren't sleeping in the same room anymore!
Oh My God, I'm so lazy. Working on a post.
Did you make it to this weekend?
Are you shining Yet?
follow me hunter
ciao bella professora! come stai? i hope to make it back for fall semester. i am in love with italia. e vero!
Rules? More like the 12 commandments of bacon!
Thanks. Go wolves - they are looking good!
I've got a lot of learning to do but give me a chance and I will tell you all I know.
Simms: to actually fumble the ball, you would have to fumble the ball
so if i marry a white boy does that mean my daughter will only like white boys lol
hey guys, we just checked out your music and we love it :) Keep up the good work!
of course not, if you forgot to include the cucumber! Rookie mistake.
: RaceFail 09 brought about mass vernacular theory production in regards to racism and sf and fantasy lit
So satisfying to see P. Diddy get dunked on like that...
Next week im doing my work
thank you:)
HOPE EVERYTHING IS OK BIG BRO...
Maybe your right .maybe im a bitch
I-94 WB in Racine co. Near 7 mile rd..big delays. Fatal accident. One lane now open. Sheriff expects it to be several hours b4 reopened.
"When you stop getting better, you stop being good" -Dizzy Dean
I was pissed with their decision!!! It was a great episode, but I wanted it to end differently.
crazy night ahead! Super excited for some Knolla's and chips & queso!
oh em gee some ppl
Keitt turned on him. "You insult Lamon, and you insult me!" he thundered. "He is a gentleman and my friend. And we shall have a drink."
Get it right.. a duck moo's... not a chicken ... and only chuck the duck...
Was content to wait for table at mex restaurant. Mom took the pester the hostess approach. She won.
Listen to Action Bronson mixtape Blue Chips if your a rap he's forreal!!
is a failiure of a human being. wish id get by lightning or something
LOL Critical is why you are 2nd in the polls to Chuckie Doll candidate not the #SOTU address next year.
Anyone have a favorite joke to tell at a job interview?
": I can't really explain it, I'm so into you now, I wanna be more than a friend to you now."
And now I want to have an kugel-off.
Charwoman? An English house cleaner
Make the most of every opportunity, and never try to be something your not!!
if any of you are looking for a #beachbody (P90X, Insanity, Turbo Fire) coach get mine He is knows a lot about fitness and health!
It's mustarnaisse!
Coffee with exec. director ....great ministry doing great development work helping people start businesses in
Not who i thought you were.
Happy Fourth Everyone :)
PARKER POSEY u were great. Thnksss
me too lol will I be seeing you this weekend? 🎉🍻🍻
hello there may you follow me please i will be happy
Thanks, but I'm still on the job until Jan. 2013!! : A very big thank you to for his service to DC!
hi dude Wat's up?
I'm thankful for good friends and family <3
Where did u get the swaddling blanket in your pics? Congrats ur little man is so cute & u have a gorgeous family.
Before Bruce is was just a loser from Tennessee, now I have the world. Thanks, Bruce. #FollowFriday (via )
Available: Ltd Ed MORRISON STADIUM Fine Art Prints / 20" x 10" / $60
My knee hurts so bad. I just wanna know what happend. Lmao.
I want myung wol's shoes when shes at the ballroom dancing with Kangwoo. so pretty
My thought for the day, anyone feel free to comment - I want to be married again. Am I crazy?
I think every one is annoyed with how much I talk about Austin. I could literally talk about him all day.
Well, I wish you luc....wait! You can pop into between 6pm&9pm for free geek out wine love!
I linked my facebook and myspace page to twitter, check it out!!myspace.com/miltowntickets, facebook/miltowntickets
Big conference next week!!
Thanked you twice. How annoying! Sorry!
Quote of the Day: "A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song."- Maya Angelou (via )
Any SMASH fans? NBC is renewing the Broadway-themed drama for a second season!
#Zimmerman raised $200K 4 defense but "in fairness" noted that #TrayvonMartin's family has raised $100K 4 a foundation.
You're a perv. (I love it. Keep it up. Never change.) haha
Anyone else having trouble with after the new Silverlight upgrade? It crashes any other open windows... (Cc )
me too ;-(- I am about 28 years removed
Do vegan moms count? :) RT : where are the green mom blogger/activist speakers at #BWENY! :)
come party at exclusive rdv or amnesia in nyc tonight!
I don't know who made it yet, they didn't say
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show tonight 7pm est on www.blaze.wwradio.net
Thank you Kentucky wildcats! This was an awesome season!
Now I want to hear what says. Norb?
i Voted for RNG but i dnt have an ipod so i cnt take pics ):
Outdoor, please
How is the country music world going to exist without brooks and dunn?
okay! Just let me know soon. I want to buy them within the next couple days
It's incredible how so many things make me think about her... <3 sheesh.
Can't wait for Saturday - headed out to dine with the
Protesters go home be safe
I truely feel ya. Congrats on that. I look forward to seeing and reading about your own indie brand tee and/or tee review site!
that SUUCCKKSS. I have 3 papers , & I have to study & gather notes for this essay tomorrow!
WE all feel that way
Come on rickie! You can do it! Back to back victories?! #yesplease #lovehim ⛳
damn well !!!
You're a natural at this!
It's time to come back. We miss you.
nope, going to the south side parade
Stop allowing people to overshadow your GREATNESS. Do what you were set out to do.
There's only one reason why a guy would text his ex girlfriend.
#18conf failure to address social emotional issues of children negates impact of many programs
12. is one of my FAVE p & w singers.
I've been having a blast hanging out with Laura and Alan this week! I can't wait to see them again tomorrow! :)
ok dope! About to check it out now
Good idea, I'd do it. Actually tried it a little via craigslist. Mixed results as I'm sure you can imagine.
Bitches smiling @ you it must be happy hour
Let's get ready for some good racing tonight!!.. Go 24!!!
thank god.
#shitpeoplesay you're worthless. #isay don't believe them
So hungry ..
Yes to both. I miss you too, jerkface. ;)
That math final made me it's B*****
very nice website & insight!
CML houses Job Help Center and Homework Help in same space. Flips at 3pm when school kids arrive.
Amazing night at the #EdTechLink Fundraiser! Great to see such support from the community! Over $50,000 raised.
RT : When I say spicy, Siam House listens. Wow.
Watched Hey Boo on #pbs last night--just after book club on Crooked Letter. Wonderful as Ever!
I'll be back next Saturday morning!
haha life celebration! I love it!!
April 10 Let's go
My four year old said "daddy, I know why Heaven is so fun...you get to wear the same thing everyday"
raid ancient tombs, get money and exotic women? Man, being Indiana Jones doesn't sound too bad
heh, that was my inspiration
of zombies dont podcast has recently made the most shocking and bizarre statement in the anals of horror podcast history!
My first panel of the morning: 14. Subverting the Mise-en-Page: Editorial Approaches before the Age of Print --
Once again:
Lannister!? That is an insult to this proud Stark :)
Just added playmate to the list...
“: Yup hit my limit I'm done drinking I think I proved my point lol” lol tomorrow tweet. ---> "getting wasted!"
I Will Not Give Up Until Justin Bieber Notice me Or Miley Cyrus Does
Anyone hangout?
Today is my birthday!! Who! And my only wish is to meet ! Hey justin, wanna come to my birthday party? Gotta place for ya(:
The countdowns continue! 31 days till SD and 45 till Chi-town! Get ready, 'Merica.
omfg I cant wait I cant wait its gonna b fun
where's the new office?
Was driving eating a tuna sandwich and a large chunk of tuna salad fell into my shirt pocket. Didn't know until I pulled out my sunglasses.
Announcer saying the Bonnies survived a scandal when a recruit had only a welding certificate. Doesn't sound so bad to me.
thanks for the reply
this is true. That is why I am planning on doing lots of research to distinguish my idea from those other solutions.
please follow me.
George Clooney was robbed #SAG Awards
Wish I woulda said yes!!!!
true, true.
It was said that The #Aztec messengers used to sustain themselves on their long trips by consuming chia seeds.
There is a sale on real estate. RT : It’s time to do what the rich do… they go shopping.
any idea when College Ave between Howell and Pennsylvania Ave's will be open??!
TOMORROW: Our first two website graphics package goes up for sale - 'Feeling Fall' and 'Corporate Business'
Whenever I see a cute girl in public, I'm reminded that I have no understanding of the thought process behind hitting on someone in romcoms.
If you can do it, it ain't braggin'. -- Former baseball pitcher Dizzy Dean
Guess I'll try to fall asleep.... We'll see
For future reference: calling someone a retard and spelling it wrong doesn't make you seem all that bright either honey
It kinda is. Damn, little hungry now. Appreciate Donna.
Thanks to all who applied for the Membership Coordinator position. We are no longer accepting applications.
Who is to blame that Dook was so average this season? Their recruiting classes are the best every year and each of their guys is a McD's AA.
It happened, Satan's trifecta.
Wow! I aspire to be as busy as you are and as creatively.
One final workshop just announced: "Grantwriting Strategies for the Digital Humanities" by and
I just made my own liquid hand soap! Go me:-)
sol'd OUT.
LMAO that's like the oldest pic ever LOL *slaps self* that night makes me laugh tho so I always keep it LOL ..
lol yea 😳out of my field of singing but I gotta pay the bills
Just fell in love with Art N Soul on 101 in Encinitas, CA!
I would gladly have corgis chase me anywhere
moss this moss that moss this moss that..moss back at it!
I'm so bored! It's no fun being out of work when you're broke. I've got to find a job soon or I'm going to go nuts.
Getting tired of hearing police sirens in my neighborhood.
Hahaha! Hey! Don't talk like that about Nanda and my future nameless godchildren!! XP
Best book ever on client service, "What's the Secret to Providing a World Class Customer Experience" by John R. DiJulius I.
He Sent That Shit.
would luv plan to include youth programming MT Bromo Tower Arts and Ent District proposed to revitalize downtown
Or ... You could live with ME!!! Want to teach college? x
Amanda Gardner teaches women in prison. Consistency and stability are hard to find in the prison education system.
Brian Culbertson who was already rockin the set himself brought Chuck Brown out on stage
I just wanna see some tit
Quote of the day, "Oh yeah, while you people were arguing over the Marriage Amendment, we sold the US to Iran." LOL...
My family Thanksgiving preparation began tonight. The cooking will be completed after work tomorrow, then we eat. Looking forward! Happy Day
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Organic Valley Chocolate Milk...
God this month has carried out long
artist be sure to send me your latest via email so I can put it in the mix. i'd appreciate an instrumental version to go with that
& once again you're 35, don't go threatening me.
me too Frankie is just in for the girls and fame not a good reason
Sigh.. Yep. I guess she taught the cataloging class and one of my cohort members liked her. You're right. What are ya gonna do?
HS softball: Charlotte beats Port Aransas 2-1 in one-game playoff.
1st Cactus League game vs. CWS today. Can't wait for opening day! Only 1 month to go.
I want 2 have a British accent. Theres this boy in my class who has a british accent& hes not even from England
We missed you! Maybe tomorrow? #literally #NotMetaphorically - yours was metaphorical
Who wants Brian Kendrick to win the x division title?
it's okay but why?
That's so wrong it's funny.
Sept 21 - "Visual Made Verbal Making Visual Images Accessible to People Who Are Blind or Have Low Vision" www.bit.ly/cmmA3c
Royal Wedding fatigue? Let's talk about an exciting event like the radio a thon for AFCH , next week!!
Action Bronson, Riff Raff and Dana Coppafeel this Saturday! Unifi Records in the house!
In fort Wayne for the day.
stay safe
Of course they would have an oxygen chamber in San Diego at a vet's office. We don't have one here in Fresno for people!
Sorry for not doing the name rate yet! Ill do it now! :) So be continued.
#FF to the ladies I can't wait to see in a few hours -
The School of Criminal Justice graduation starts in a few minutes. Congratulations to all of you out there!
sorry, Amy. I tried to look it up but I don't own the pattern. Will RT for you, though.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Niggas acting dirty
Hows it looking out there tonight?
This dumb chicks yell sounds like a train horn...now I am wishing for one to run her over
thanks!!! I was so excited when I found out that I was in a magazine! :)
i will be watching, cant wait. So excited for the record. One door closes n another One opens
How many of your webseries other than your own on your site? May be a good community marketing idea. Help me, help you. Lol
As I'm so late with my #Dolphins #NFLDraft reaction, I will blurt out my thoughts in one tweet so I'm concise AND come off like a madman...
I really don't want to have a nervous breakdown in the middle of the grocery store. Please.
Then in the parking lot of an Albuquerque , police wrote George Toledo, 62, a citation for his twentieth DWI. And they arrested him.
Tweet Mee Maybe ?
Super Mighty medium chicken lettuce tomato SC cheese... please.
I've just retired to Florida .. Lookin to purchase a metal detector. Any leads?
Visit our new feedback form on our home page: www.brooklineelectric.com
Be nice to people on your way up. You might need them on your way down.
Davinci is now offering new bundled conference room packages at several of our florida locations. Call Christie for details 877-MY-DAVINCI
According to "Tips & Tricks" email, no wifi in meeting rooms = no tweeting during sessions. :(
Good morning everyone, have a blessed day :)
Yeah, I know what you mean. I think if you talk good you should get press rather than dissing someone and get press.
We so fly, we only see them ceilings when we looking down.
So if I wanted to see what the fuss is about is there a way I can see the Knicks tonight here in SF?
I always got time for my son !
i dont hate anybody. but i can be the person you hate.
This only happens when I do something "unnatural". D:
since u dont have a crew, can we be ur crew? :D
“: Like every great thinker, Gutenberg combined other people's ideas. - #idea10”
#HUD LIstings link on my site*LowLow Down-payment.Decent condition! http:www.laurengardiner.com
"The Andre 3000?"I would shave w/that razor ": I bet Andre 3000 and Gael Garcia Bernal avoided Adrian Brody on that commercial."
SAVING STUFF FOR THE YARD SALE!!! this is how I plan on paying for the NYC trip
I have seen New Orleans more then I have seen my sons this month!
TO ALL OUR FOLLOWERS ON FACEBOOK.. LIKE OUR PAGE :D IT'S FOR YOU
and you still lying I see . you on my team today but in a few days you gonna say something out the way
We text 24/7, but when we meet it's so awkward.
Have a Great dayy!!:))
it's Deion Branch #PatsTriviaTues - Pick me!!! I want the Super Bowl hat!!! :)
Does this mean Klaus is gone forever? :(
Happy New Year
Wishing a happy birthday to ! Have an awesome day!!!
Cracking open the Dinner at the Authentic Cafe cookbook in hopes of putting together a convincing batch of pupusas for supper tonight.
haha and thats cuz youre friggen awesome! thank you :) ive never gotten even half that many views before on a video
20 dollars later and you better have gotten a fuckin A.
Do you want to become a part of The NFL Experience at the Indiana Convention Center tomorrow? Then call us at: 888-493-0004 for the tickets.
: Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my "traditional" one? A: #Marriage no longer your exclusive privilege
Just finished Trust Agents. Thanks to you & Julien for compiling your thoughts in one easy-to-reference roadmap. Next one?
Congrats to our Red Pin Party Winner Michael Donovan - Michael please e-mail to claim your party!
sure about that
thanks josh, definitely one of the strangest articles I've written
have done :)
A little bird tweeted and I thought it said that it was your anniversary. Have a great celebration today!
that I climb. The spot gets smaller & I get bigger, tryin to get in where I fit in, no room for a niqquh but soon for a niqquh it be on ...
Four days till the beach!
My grades are as I expected, whether thats good or bad is up too yall cause I'm not telling lol
oh to be a fly on the wall: national singles cougar convention in palo alto. really.
I love garrett but man he needs to shave him face! :O I'm sorry.
Mexican sandwich shop in Union Square, check it
“: I Was Plannin' On This Bein' Somethin' Worth Mentionin' . Energy Invested In Someone I Saw Potential In .
Appalachian Granny is creating fresh No Bake Cookies on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
That Miller Lite punch top can seems pretty dumb
BIEBER IS THE WINNER
Not sure why I'm so tenacious!
is off to Georgetown for the evening!
Our wireless network is back in action! Just goes to show, if you have enough Apple products in the house, you can do almost anything.
#OWIF: Oh cr*p, she hired a freakin' merchant marine to housesit! I have to go disarm the buggymelon before he kills me...
A NO HITTER FOR JERED WEAVER!!!!
And one!
shaq jus to dominant during his stretch
RAGE TOOT FLURRY!
Me too. We should go.
#iidol Joshua & Jessica duet was my favorite!
The Orioles locker room after reading all these
Hey! Are you going to be in Minneapolis tomorrow?
everything is so confusing today :/
You would like that one haha
foreal! You too BAD!!! ;)
yea he been took it to far
Karl's incredibly wise. RT : Karl Pilkington is unquestionably the greatest man alive.
luke-warm baths are so much more relaxing than ferociously hot ones.
lol come on! Im giving u a year.
Daily Dose of Goodness: "Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." - Albert Einstein
NOO! I've gone to zero gravity a few times though
sure. I think it's fine as long as it's not a crazy amount of them. please don't post future timelines though
spotted on M street in Can't wait until the new restaurant opens!
call you later today, mister
i've been watching serial mom. kathleen turner is so good. WEAR YOUR SEAT BELT.
No contract. No work order. BREAK THE RULE, BREAK THE CODE, LOOSE RESPECT AND UNION DOOR CAN BE CLOSED ON YOU FOR LIFE! RT!
happens with hin we can only see wht they chose to show. Think about Demi she didnt show until she exploded. Ofcourse & i plead that
Just ate a 440 calorie candy bar. I REGRET NOTHING.
At #asgoesJanesville sneak peak in Milwaukee. This film is going to rock.Wisconsin. Much more to see then released clips
when are you going to follow me?<3(:
That's a great one! Glad you are feeling better!
To All Of Us At GravelBone ~ Have a Happy Metal Christmas!!!!
I've been working so much lately I haven't had time to tweet. I feel like such a loser.
Found himself to be the only person booing at Sheriff Joe at the Phoenix St. Patrick's Day parade. Not surprised.
yea I understand I'm n memphis
I know! If I lived over there though, I probably wouldnt like it at all! LOL!! :)))
Foo Fighters and Cold Play have the arena rock thing down pat.
When people try to talk to you in mid repetition.
oh hey Kemally Mall!
I Had Tha Best Bday Weekend Ever..
good looks bra and thanks for the rt
-In cs wit my crazy people md ETC.: Dey annoying but i gotta love em
Marble Doctors refinishes your Marble Floors by grinding, stripping, repairing, and polishing will bring your marble back to life.
Monday Mantra: “What you seek is seeking you.” ~ Rumi
Could really go for some Mighty.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.Elbert Hubbard
God i wish this year all my dreams will come true........A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me..
Beastmode inning boys! "\ /"
She's "hiking the Appachian" trail
Literally no one here is eating I feel like one of those 80 year old womaen who eat at 4:15.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
well if you haven't noticed by now we believe in big families.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #football because he tweets just the right amount during football season
even tho its MY party day i got a surprise for u....(;
^What seems like the right thing to do could also be the hardest thing you have ever done in your life. - Unknown
You are amazing, no doubt.<21 :D
Revolution Web, The Aventura Printing Company That Leads The Way In Web Development And Integrated Marketing. 866-970-2532
well guess I need to come over then lol
shouldnt u be spending money today
I remember the collective gasp and the slammed door: Rock Hudson had AIDS, 13yo HIV-infected Ryan White wanted to attend public school.
Little known fact: natl childrens' book ambassador katharine patterson has a red arrow tattoo on her toe.
you are too kind. We are so excited to hear about a growing #coworking community in the Tri-Cities! Rock on, team.
Might be time to rethink that 'houdini' handle if you can't even escape a photo ;)
because many shows don't allow people to bring in SLRs or anything of decent quality.
In honor of "Can You Walk Away" opening today here's an #FF dedicated to #HumanTrafficking:
One of these day im jack a bitch
No LMU practice this Saturday and Sunday due to pool closure
mama's little baby loves shortnin' bread
Knowledge can be communicated but not wisdom. ~Hermann Hesse
Happy Thanksgiving break! Look out post-break for some new Agency action...
Miss Vicky is writing a blog about #JusteLove street teams? That's us!
I love you, pseudoephedrine.
I have a feeling its going to be a great summer. :-)
Torts, does size matter?
its raining! In the car with (:
Imma get a tattoo of Chara dropping Henrik after the whistle.
To the creator of CHICK-FIL-A sauce...
Wow that's Awesome! Thank you for that amazing shout out. ; )
Last Night was the shit!!!.
But last night was to fun it was nice seeing old faces and of course I meet some new faces as well overall it was a good night
is taking over... They're on the rampage in Downtown Takoma. Watch your asses people!
we're going to have a beer soon
people killing up black folks cause they mad black folks are complaining.
Watch out ! might have just found a new co-host.
Sign of the times, both Jason Esposito and Nick Delmonico announced their signings with the Orioles on their own twitter accounts
I like your article on the Future of HiFi. 26 y/o here on a daily quest to convert music lovers to better sound!
#imthekindofperson you take home to meet the parents...**you said they liked me...of course they did..I'm me dummy**
Keep your fingers crossed - but my #gmail might be functional again
when you catch my fade
RBMS this has been an amazing event. Not over yet but I couldn't wait. Many thank yous to all involved and scholarship donors.
High schools seniors participating in #collegeshirtday, share your pictures with us wearing your St. John's t-shirt via #stj!
#super8 before midnight. Not the usual night owl vibe, but still a heavy fanboy demo (albeit with an average age of 35 or so).
The poetry I write&recite has people hype,but the definitely understand my Passion&FrustrAtion.
Thanks for the RT's YOU ROCK!!! :)
Was the Occupy Wall St. Movement the type of thing that PIPA/SOPA was hoping to censor and keep from gaining momentum?
lol w.e floats your boat
Two is most definately better than one. <3
I just finished a 2.03 mi run with a pace of 10'34"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
my thanks to all the folks who came out to MusicFest yesterday, it was a huge success!
Great episode of xfactor tonight. Time to lay it down.
Thanks for following Amir! is a phenomenal actor. He knows how to emphasize which part of him to be any given character.
I thought you might
No but we have been gathering information. We also have the book..Solar Power Your Home for Dummies. We just need $$
i will
Alchemy, Cafe Coyote, The Prado ... three of my favorites!!
I wrote an essay about writing an essay...
Shoutout to for a FABULOUS photo shoot!
I AM A FAN! YOU GIVE ME CHILLS WHEN YOU SING. FREE BIRD WAS AWESOME, MANS WORLD WAS AMAZING. I HOPE YOU WIN TONIGHT.
Time to get my party on
Cupcakes from for breakfast... Never heard of a better idea :p
My wife, daughter, and my daughter's friend are in Denver for the Women's Final Four. Trip of a lifetime.
Looking for musicians to help! If you know of any please send this link www.USAMusician.net we are looking to help the RIGHT musicians
Time to worry about me and not u!
aw....that's so cute. and you kinda dressed alike!
Lakers fans are the most sensitive, cause if they win, they over hyped, and if they lose, they mad cause we all know Lakers don't lose... 😂
i go to mexico almost every single day
All my eyes can see is texture, texture, texture! Great meetings this week with PORCELANOSA - Miami.
I've spewed horribly this month, playing endlessly. I'm trying to get back on the hardcore poker grind now.
be nice boo or you ain't gonna get no cake.
yayyy thank you Steven! !
Iha Swyping ...s th a is annoyi...nothing is spell right at all until now
I betrayed my Rick 4001-D to finance a fleeting affair of the heart, but still, I hear her deep treble resonance in the corners of my mind.
Jack are you working the clubhouse tonight?
ok 1 vote for so far..
haha yes. Actually, is built using ColdFusion. It's open-sourced now. It. Is. ALIVE!
think I spent over 5 grand today. Got the TSV and I'm in love, love love. Thank you!!!!! Keep it coming
SDSU was founded March 13, 1897. I was founded March 13, 1983. I knew there was a reason my path came through here!
Super excited for our interview with Pageant Fitness coach Walter Lewis. Tweet us ASAP for any questions you want answered!
Congrats Sheed!!! I look forward to seeing you in the play in the future. Stay focused on #Him!
...become blameless & pure, children of God...in which u shine like stars in the universe as u hold out the word of life. - Philippians 2:15
Many thanks everyone for the RTs!
How bad does the NHL need Boston, Philly, or NY to advance to the cup final?
are you going to speak at church tomorrow? Would love to hear you speak.
Whe sunburns peel, the risk of cancer increases by 50% Persons with more than 40 moles have close to 3 times the chance of skin cancers
sweaty feet. red toes. 90 degrees. my sunday woe.
Wth? It wont let me post pics!
Dinner at cafe sphere with ex clients. They want to come back. Poor dears.
Thank you so much! glad you enjoyed hearing about how Mllennials want to game the system
Glitch in Outlook created nostalgic typewriter effect: Cursor wouldn't go back to allow editing. After restart, now processing words again.
Haha, he would kick my ass...
where yu at
"Marriage is honorable among all and the bed undefiled, but fornicators and adulterers God will judge." #Heb.13:4
give me a lot of money
Please follow me so I can reply to ur mes...
From my peanut. ;)
We got a partial sponsor with BOSS innovations here locally... always room for more sponsors! ;) Plenty of ad space on car!!
Anybody that mentions in a tweet will receive an automatic follow back!
+ I will be there for Jordan: : Who wants to see come root on #mavs fan Jordan Spieth this weekend at the
Alright, time to get going. Gotta map out Civics for the week as quick as possible. Tomorrow we're introducing the "unalienable rights".
Anybody awake?
RT : when she in the bedroom she like to play wit da stikk yeaahhh
HOLY CRAP
we're outside the garden trying to figure it out. Where u at tonight?
I am not a member but have considered it. How has the affiliation been instrumental to you?
I dont know aha , erbody in ohio hate snow silly lmao
Heading to my 1st gig at orange hills O Bar. Gonna jazz it up! 7:30pm 6510 east Chapman ave, orange
*RESCUE* Box 20-13 Poplar Grove St & Mosher St, West Balto; Auto accident, person trapped. Rescue crew popping door open.
Got a Favorite Artists You'd like to See in the Running for NEW COUNTRY STAR OF THE YEAR 2011? We're lining 'em up for January now!
what do you do when Mrs korchok is mad?
Salina what? My hometown.
he's concentrating on winning delegates - still very much in the primary race.
Leg workout so brutal I need a wheelchair.
Cant wait till tomorrow #AngelsAndGentleman comes out:)!!!
Rain or shine, looking forward to waiting in line w my #craftbeer bretheren on Sunday morning for #gtmw tix
The Red Sox are looking for OFs and have a deep minor league system. Hope the #Brewers are at least checking what they could get for Morgan.
y'all seriously can't let that go! it was just once. kay twice, but that was all. -.-
930 ET in like an hour in a half
Power is out in at least one block in Burleith.
Did i really sprain the arch in my foot?! who is that even possible??
Who's Ready for a Texas Cheese Steak Feast? It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint!
PA voters! To the booth!
I can move my knee right to left, that's not suppose to happen 
LONGHORNS are on tv as I'm on the treadmill @ gym. I miss Austin. HOOK 'EM!
Today is National Hairball Awareness Day... really!
Creative pros doing work in churches: don't forget that element of hospitality. It's probably the most "relevant" thing you'll do all day.
I'm going with the #Rangers & #Devils tonight!
U R followinggniwollof R U
Worst.Halftime Show.Ever.
#MomQuotes *playing cassette tapes* "this old school child , what chu know about that"
lol we should go to Hollywood too! That looks so fun!!!
U can feel the life gettin sucked out of #bulls w rose injury
Shout Out To E&J For No Fuckin Reason...
Why is there construction next door when all I want to do is sleep?
The fact that i'm reading the english honors story 3 days after the quiz. I'm a bit behind since i went to wgi friday...#Oh Well #I'mTooGood
Early??? Where are you? Just finished working on this film...now trying to catch up on some sleep
Btw Good Morning! 
ur prego we get it, that shit happens to like 97493328 women everyday. quit trending that shit.
Good luck tomorrow to all the Tough Mudders out there!
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Goethe
I suppose I shld apologize to all the gay porn stars for unfollowing them. (sigh) I must relegate you all to a diff realm of my life.
well I'll be gone sat-sunday. So let's chill friday ? Mabbe !
i just want to be with you .... it upsets me that i cant
TRAK is actively seeking information managers and information science professionals in #CA! Contact me for details.
If you feel you can not fly... Take my wing and we will take flight together!
Yeow - Thanks to everybody for all the support!Now need to be serious activist not happy filmmaker ie: more Q&A dancing :( who's with me?
try being a cop and having to go to court evry month. I'd prefer yalls life style
Better than the iPad Retina Display?
": aha :) you're sweet !" I'm passionate towards the ladies
thanks Danny! I'll check out your site and let you know before I would come. Thanks for the link !
I was busy :/ but now I'm here :) haha
I think he was specifically saying that focusing on cutting gov't spending during a recession is no good.
RT : Robbed raped and murdered
#RN20 day 3, and I still can't get my best friend out of my mind, I miss you like crazy bud. And I know your looking down on us. RIP brother
Enough tv..gonna take a shower and go out.
uh no way. I cringe thinking about seeing/hearing myself on tv!
I'm just going to keep my nails how they r cuz no one can decide which one is the best
are you all set up? Yay
that was amazing what you did on shark tank today! Congrats I hope billy jr and yourself make a ton of money! Good guy!
Nope im at home.
Oh Will Ya is mixed
. . .have lots of latitude to build provisional Utopian spaces, and see them flourish. . ."
Crowded truck stop restroom. Dad hunched over his son, showing him how to use a urinal. Oh my god. Why. Iowa.
I can't stop singing "She Will Be Loved." I'm going to have to do this one as my next cover video sorry guys. The Lazy Song will come after!
I agree. The post talks about Springsteen and Rage Against the Machine's version of "Ghost of Tom Joad" too!
These FOX announcers are annoying!
Drupal 7.10 now available as a one-click upgrade for all Pantheon sites. Just sayin'. ;)
i am beside myself with retweets right now i feel like i'm making a difference
Brain tumors are the leading cause of cancer-related death in children. #BrainTumorAwarenessMonth Help raise awareness 4 kids!
Bands looking for a sponsor? Shoot me a email:
It's funny how they actually try to act. You're not paid for that. You're paid to bone. Lololol
LMFAOOO omg good times, and the kid that was riding his bike we were scaring the shit outta him aying caakaa
who knows if its true when Aceves is the source Meatman! Either way i cant stand Beckett
Back at 24 Hour Fitness with the hubby!!:)
how much
I have a contact hangover from the guy sitting next to me on the train last night
DeLoura wants veteran developers to take games from underrepresented communities and promote them (his example was South Africa)
I sure hope your bro gets to 10 Million followers , Lmao , #hacked (:
Still Up In The Shit..
Screw finals!! #scrub ish
lol good morning! I see you've been bored! We'll have to change that! I think ill keep this one for a while lol
Just got to the PC. Any streaming of the U-23 game?
10 More Minutes To anwser. what is justin bieber middle name
It's good to finally see Katie but Caroline can take a hike!!~
We went, we worked, we conquered!! @ ActorFest. Thank you so much Krisha Bullock for helping make this event the great success that it was!!
ayyee I got wrk 7am lol. No choice but the weak sauce.
Why did Chilly Willy want pancakes anyway?
Yes, definitely! My sts are astonished when I ask them to find and use and assess a new tool. They expect "use this."
Just booked travel to SLA 2009. $214 on Continental round trip SAN to BWI
hi. I'm John.
Not only are you my mother, but you're my bestfriend. Happy Mother's Day to the best mommy! <3 I wish I could be there with you today.
Great idea! University outreach centers that focus on global issues are another good resource.
#TheVoice decisions are happening now on the Westside...crazy!!!
It's morning. Ugh...
We need Senior Production Designers...
CNN: It would be tragic to do anything that might hamper the banks in their quest to take your money and sit on it
I think it's sweet ♡
I have never been so consumed and I've never loved it more.
Midlifers, it is here! Dm your favorite fall memory to me and get a mention for yourself or your site in the Fall Into You TMT mag issue!
Owning a bookstore is a dream come true for us.
Recently found an obsession with #NP Hypnotico 🎶
movie night? after the playoffs of course. sup knox?
Oh that's yo girl damn nigga you ain't learned shit
We have the best advisor! ;-) “: Love seeing all these teams checking in on […] They totally get it.”
ur blowing up my phone but its ok because i love seeing u name :)))
Welcome ! We're so happy you're here!
M! Have you ever tried cherry limeade pie? Key lime pie with cherries and whipped cream on top. SO.GOOD.
"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month."
Do you agree? "News is something someone wants suppressed. Everything else is just advertising." Lord Northcliff
you're hurting my feelings even more..... 
Poor #Sherrod. We'll miss you :'(
"do people know how awesome you are?" student working on a research paper this morning
UofL students, SGA voting starts today! Make sure u log onto Ulink to vote!
anyone know any good Flex developers or other Twitterers to follow? RT
Biggest tragedy of information retrieval in the modern world: I can never find any lols when I want them.
Is that a fact? 20 to 25 carries? Is there a universal law of RB's I'm unaware of. Leave the genius to the pros.
Man I miss this weather out here
duh!! i said it didn't i
I Jus wanted to ask you a few things about the industry sure you can help me better then most. You gonna be in cols. Anytime soon?
goodnight, star!
you're so welcome! i never got a chance to say hi. :( but thanks for replying to my tweet. <3
Thank you for the mention and the follow.. XOXO
I'm confused by that one?
Is it wrong to feel pumped? Love Tebow but have to look at Manning as.....MANNING!
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithFloppin Flop Five
#milwaukee AZEK BOARDS AND MOULDING IN STOCK, IN STOCK, IN STOCK
Winter Classic in Florence, KY Jan 21-22. Call Jason Betts 502-439-8034 for info or email
Where your focus goes, energy flows.
1 more. Biting back. Wind has picked up.
nothing yet - very cool - hope you like it!!
When is this super moon revealing itself?
Downloaded songs. I open the music part of the app and it tells me that I should see playlists from my media app. I don't.
Cats beat Michigan ten seconds into OT! Game winner by Billy Glass.
S/O XOX_VOGUE FOR THE FOLLOWBACK
New babbyyyy cousin!
Have a fab one!
: FYI iBird Pro is on sale for only .99 versus 29.99 in the apple app store!
just woke up in the town of west liberty, Kentucky.
Only I would get punched in the arm everytime I say a book title.
Dear , please bring a wine refill upstairs to the office. I am busy and I know you are playing video games. And you love me.
Ohh what's Flipboard? Sounds fun!
So Boring!
Bravo! RT : It really does take more energy to be mean and nasty than to just be nice.
My great grandma funeral friday....smh.
Dec.31 Follow for updates
Aw! Very understandable. Do they dance when they greet you? What wonderful expressions of God's joyful, unconditional love!
Go RANGERS!! Game 7!!!!
I enjoy being at home by myself , that'll all end next week ! Kids & mama all out if school !
Heading to Spirit Rock for a full day of meditation and hiking with the fam.. Happy hippie mothers day!
#rockies lose lead, tied 8-8, and stadium playing ' what doesn't kill you makes you stronger'
Thanks, I'll send them along.
And people wonder why i build these barriers and why it's so hard for me to let them down for people ..smh
that's hilarious
Wow Scott!! No slicked back hair? No Tom ford pocket squares? Wow!!! you all look so young and normal lol
Back open tomorrow! Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!
haha aw how nice of you :P
i REALLY want to but i dont know if i can have the money before they're sold out, are you getting normal tickets or vip??
#Tombrady is a poser
Listening to RT 1050 ESPN NY: "NY Baseball Tonight." Noon-1pm. Joined by Jody McDonald, talking #Yankees, #Mets, &
| Let's reconnect next week. DM Thanks!
I have to see cause I have like a million people going with me already! Hahaa :)
too true. Got the macho fries on!!
is making me try the Path app on my iPhone
How nice of reporters to use FUD when discussing nuclear reactors and emotional language to manipulate the discussion.
The sun will come out tomorrow.. Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow.. There'll be sun<3
thanks for putting it in my mind now lol
"If I change my mind, do I change my choices? And if I change my choices, do i change my life?" - Have a GREAT day!
"The Christian Right and Popular Culture: The Interaction of Politics and Theology", research paper by Andrew Rojecki at ICA 11
Thanks for RT! The HB story was inspiring to read and report on!
When I am done with exams, we are skyping for hours, k?
nxt a lil better!! and thank u?
It's fun. I'm not sure I have skills either, but it's all good. :D
shut up bitch
Why every time that Sexy and I Know It comes on do I stop what I'm doing and dance?
My #fridayreads is To Kill a Mockingbird. It's been years since I've read it. It's even better than I remembered.
Y'all are going to see a lot of me during the summer.
Yes! No doubt #iubb is back RT : What a fantastic Win 4 Hoosiers over OSU. WINS over # 1 UK & now # 2 Buckeyes!
you ready to take over the west coast?!
Buzz in WeHo is that there is more than one winner on DragRace.
God Bless u all the Animals of the World!!! I love u all so much!!!!! Xoxoxoxoox!!!!!!
Why does it seem like I never talk to guys in my own damn state?
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie by Laura Numberoff: Give 'em a inch...they take a mile!
I only need certain people in my life.
better than no response at all =) Happy Friday!
Be careful who u call ya friend #RealTalk these nigkas be worse then bytchs be fo them dollas
So proud to live where the greatest stars were born Demi Lovato ,Selena Gomez,Beyonce and soon to be Austin Mahone It's Texas!!!!! Yea!!
reminded again not to express my opinions
Am so behind on twitter. kicking myself for not being there last night. but, if all goes well, there will be more habs games!!
So nice to have you 2 w/ me at breakfast this morning - love the video! Eloquent, meaningful msg from 2 handsome guys!
There's stats, I don't know them off the top of my head.
hey i got a show opening up 4 this sat u should kumthru
The pleasure was mine.
So much for getting up early today...um whoops!
that Chris rock audio is really bad!!!
Cookout at Strouds!
DUDE! YOU MESSED UP MY NAIL POLISH!!!
i think i switch it up everytime i write it
I've been laying in bed for 15 min now and I just can't force myself to get up. Ugh. Gonna be one of those days I think
Now A member of #PRSSA chapter to later become a #PRSA member.
it's hard to talk its so sticky good.
I'm going to sleep. *waits for y'all to wish me sweet dreams*
even so I must tip my hat to them for writing in such a succinct & concise manner-even the abbrv are impressive & creative!
RT : Natural user interfaces are key in changing energy behavior. Easy and automated is the only way to change the world.
It's coming soon!
It surely does. You have to look hard to find stuff. I don't like it.
Simon is vacuuming my bedroom. I love mothers day.
i hate losing followers
Fool me once fool me twice fool me a bunch more times but soon or later I will catch on to it and leave ur sorry ass!
At work waiting for 7pm
Super utility guy.
I been a fool for you, you gave me the run around but its over now, its over now.
Dear Universe - When I said I wanted a small stack of large bills, I meant cash, not invoices.
this Asian boy at this party is HIT ...
I've read data that only 1-2% of 'ads' results in direct commerce; 7-10% of items listed for sale actually "sell".
i just saw this..i did nothin called me & i was on my way to sleep lol
Deuces to the classroom, welcome to your dreams.
Adventure Time is awesome. Best cartoon ever.
I feel shot selection is an important part of it. Whatever you want though, I'm in.
- Thanks for a great job!
10:30pm central I think. If you saw my highlight reel that I posted you'll know which F bomb they'll be making fun of ;)
Ain't that the truth. When someone tells me they have an idea for a movie, I respond "Just one?"
me to
Time for defense to pick up the offense.
can it be friday now? ready for nyc weekend asap.
Bored and want to hang with someone!
#incollege it's rre you talk to people in class
Managing our TNG content is always a work in progress, but we will be trying Sharepoint in 2011. Please share what you learn!
Cornelius Harris schools about Detroit techno, records, submerge, and Afrofuturism
I'd be so lost without my mother.
and shoot a charity golf tournament?!
nothing to do in Oslo- the city is shut down for game 7... big surprise- not
Headin to rumpus room for lunch with the lady
I just had to watch make it or break it. Some mahomie I am
Hmm. I dunno..
I'm taking the Downtown Metro subway by myself for the first time today. I'll either end up dead or somewhere in Pasadena!
Happy Anniversary! The cake looks beautiful!
#TimeMag cover. That's how Robert Conrad and Michael Dunn should've posed to promote 'The Wild, Wild West' on CBS.
#LiesGirlsTell , "This iS My Real Hair" ,.. Bitch You Know You Bought That From The Dollar Store !
25 fresh hungry minds to feed Web Standards to. Spring 2012 semester here we come!
Since joining a gym 4 1/2 months ago I have put on almost 20lbs of muscle. Jesus. 165lbs. to 183lbs.
THE GENTLEMAN!
Unfortunately, didn't get to play in #mtgocc. But hanging out and watching the festivities was a blast. Grats to community team.
cool:) Already we will meet there, if God wants... :)
Guess who woke up wide awake after 2 hours of sleep?!?! Girl right there <---!!!
My God if I can hear you swallow when you drink, you're too loud
White Bear Lake #Redbull racing home to be there for birth of his child. KSTP-TV at 6pm.
Happy Easter! from Salute Wine Bar & Cafe. Come see us for Latino night, April 6th. After party!!!
I got a Sally Hansen Insta-Dri color. It was fairly cheap and really does dry in about a minute. Just one coat.
all love back. Thanks bro...
HOPE UR ALL HAVIN A GREAT FRIDAY!!!
hey hey hey
let me know how you're feelin it's on me.
Whats difference between me and you.? Is that I'm a real kind show, this rap shit Id really do it..
I will
busy working studying
Social media rule no 4: use a variety of posts and repost
Haha! Good one. I like to go MIA every now and then ;-) That's because I haven't caffeinated
nice. Stanford as some great iOS video podcasts too. They're all objective-c though and I'd be more into a ruby based class
nope, but I have gifture.
I want dairy queen(:
Toddlers and Tiaras scares me..... i mean what kind of moms force their kids 2 do that?! and then they get made when they act like snobs smh
lol we is so yu know what to do
Oh my God.
adair has threatened to cut me off 99+ times shes such a wife
I just sent some tap shoes and fried chicken to Herman Cain's house via FedEx
My platform heels are not that small...and imma need WAY WAY more pairs of shoes than that!!!
Why is a toothless dog like a tree?It has more bark than bite.
sadness flies away on the wings of times…
