definitely lied.... what episode?
has the 25 days of Christmas started on abc yet?
....Bible, I'd use the New World Translation of the Jehovah's Witnesses. <2
“: CONGRATS! #truelove #sanfrancisco” Thank you! We are soo excited! Cheers!
Thank you! How've you been?!
hahahhahaha see I accidentally tweeted that on her account... Woops.
New hot compositions came out my 88 keys. I'll introducing new tunes in November tour...don't miss it
Holy fuck I'm outta shape
See Final restart in Loudon
you had my heart inside of your hand and you played it.
growth can be painfull
We are currently looking for Tutors & Mentors for Woolridge,Tippit Dawson,Paredes,Fulmore. Get Involved! Q&A at
who was the agent who worked his deal? Do you happen to know? Thx sir!
I feel like I need to read/see Hunger Games so that I know what the ENTIRE INTERNET is talking about!
Dont forget we do have those tickets for oct. 7 2011 for the start of #TopDJweekend and they are going fast!!
ooh that looks cool! We're definitely visiting Bardstown as my favorite bourbon is HQ'd near there. Thanks for this!
RIP Etta James :(
i just so tired of everyone on Facebook going "OMGZZ I LOVEE ONE DIRECTION" i knew them ever since last year and you like them now?
im confusedd!!!!!!!! will the meet and greet pass get shipped to us? or do we pick it up at the concert?
not that far. Let's chat closer to when u get here.
Thanks for the tweet. We think you're great, and recommend you frequently to people looking to compare LMSs.
We're not sure where Judge Sumi was born, so we're not going to comment on her religion.
Watching Mean Girls is trending. R-T if you're Watching Mean Girls
okauy i will have it by tonite :) -anna
OK, but can we skip the gallows and start the drinking now??
Happiness is finding a hand penned postcard from in the mail. Thank you! :)
MINES DUE WEDNESDAY. Are you librarying tonight?
it's not a crime if they are trying to raid your pension.
Tell Me A lie?! You couldn't possibly lie more than a liar... Or am I A lie.. Liar
I've been telling everyone that you're my grandpa. Hope that's ok :)
Who Cutting Them Checks? I Don't Work For Free
RT : Hey - Bicycling Mag just figured out something we've known 'round here for years! Namely that past (and hopefully......
Im struggling to find a topic about non-prof org management.
Favorite time of the week. McPherson Studios.
"La Cucaracha" if in English "The Cockroach" would have to be a Rufus Thomas song.
Great to know that if (IF, IF) (if) anything happens, we have a base for a DD support group.
it's no way you can mess that up... Or is it lol
I still don't understand why doesn't utilize more often. He is simply the best at what he does.
ight, gotta get back to that speech........ughh
Who the f_ is Warde Manuel??? Some jamoke from Michigan?
RT : No plans this Saturday? Joins us for Late Night w/ the Stars! $40 for open bar, entertainment, desserts & dancing!...
Good Morning :))
During the day I'm all bout lookin good, but when i get home i'm dressed for comfort. All the way down to these fuzzy pink slippers ;) lol
Great, thanks! Printed off your 50 Twitter Tips for an exciting project we've got in the works. Awesome tool!
Be careful with your words. Once they're said, they can only be forgiven not forgotten.
Dude, I am about to walk into class... This sucks... Good win last night!
Well this is not gonna be good.
Just got my tickets for the live show!
hey Austin :)
I need a New
I foreal ate too much!
RT : you see that girl that's havin a bad day? compliment her and make her smile, i'm tellin ya fellas
Are you unfollowing me or is twitter being insanely stupid for you as well unfollowing people
how long are the episodes
What a lovely day dream! I hope to ride the Orient Express one day.
Peace to Prince Ishier and Little K- Love they came from jersey to see the Gods rock out I wish more of my Jersey people would have came out
That may require us to also set up a kiddie pool.
"People who think well, write well."
I want sushi!
The old man told me he likes women that try hard on their work after he watched me mow.
According to a Gallup/USA Today Poll, Obama's Gay Marriage Endorsement Is Turning More Voters Away!
Where's the line for "I Survived the Apocalypse" t-shirts?
You better get it together and come to Chicago this year!
My first and only .edu account has finally been deactivated after nearly 15 years.
OMG I love it!
PALEASE! I also am yet to meet your daughter.
where at?
that awkward moment when makes you smell his chapstick . . .
You can get a tasty Arizona tea for 10 cents more!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet my soulmate.... and and and and :)
nah I haven't played it. Been hella busy
Loving the MJ Immortal World Tour FlashMob music MIX with Hollywood Tonight, Bad and thriller
Thanks for the follow! We love concerned Americans. They make the difference.
I got ya big bra
I'm on the wrong train. But I think it's my destiny...
lol. I did. Thanks for counting down w/ me <3 love you too babe! [=
Glen Campbell was great in Midnight Cowboy too.! Didn't he play Jon Voight?
is there a sequel to the cough drop tweets, kidney stone style? I can only hope.
Had a great academic year doing art/design for the Georgetown Voice! Both happy and sad that my time as Design Co-Editor has come to an end.
ha..Vinny Jones Man U song..class film
lol yeah let's see what u say when u r 30. If u r already there and still feel that way. In which case that's just sad.
Mrs. Draper works as a copy writer now? I should've known. She "wanted to learn what he does" right before she bagged 'em!
Just got my notification we're up and running on Google Drive (enterprise account) interested to see this Docs/Dropbox combo at work.
Very cool! is a global entrepreneur mentoring program
Are you going to do a follow spree when you reach 20K?:)
9 yr old daughter asked if you got home in 2 yesterday at Bergamont...
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment. -Napoleon I
agreed! I'm free every week night except Wed and Fri! Lol
Trying to come up with done genius tweet.... Its not working
Little more than four hours till I'm done with work and I can focus all of my energy/hatred towards the flyers
COMING SOON!!! THE LAST DAY!!!
This wrap is disgusting
haha yeah they're pretty solid, my old band played with them on one of their first tours
have you made sure all the bands know to avoid that date :-)
I just learned what "totes" meant. #imnota16yearoldgirlanymore :-(
About to roll it old school on ! Montel Jordan "This Is How We Do It" is up next!
Isn't it just insane? I'm having a hard time believing we're already two months into 2012!
guys, I have created not#starcraft to keep us safe
A world is being discovered. Join us.
No innerwebz thanks to What are these odd rectangular things made of paper? And these vinyl black discs? #analogEvening :)
BOYZ ARE BACK
The Used is definitely really sick man
It's raining, its pouring.....
hm, maybe they'll believe i was watching a youtube video? i hope soo.. i should stop ranting now.
thanks lol thanks I gotta a song called capricorn ...wait to u hear it its so hott!
we are an organization that builds greater understanding & engagement between Muslims & non-Muslims
I remember Firkusny playing Janacek's 1905 Sonata almost 20 years ago - what a performer.
The classy way huh? Dont you mean the cheapass way.
No way, not that! Twilight Imperium is a space empire board game! And a really long one.....
67 & MTNG <3 ! Excited for a GREAT season with you guys!
plaid on plaid
Whats going on? I wanna holla at y'all about I project I wanna get y'all om
Did not mentally prepare for today's gardening. However, we are ready for our kissing scene with Salma Hayak.
Congrats on win last night
I hate living in the fuckin hoosmd I swear.
Heidi Klum and Seal are splitting up. Now is the time to make my move.
it says it in the bible. God forgives you for all your sins, but he can't forgive you for that because you're already DEAD!
thatd be awesome! lets see what u got!
Ironically, there's apparently no one in the room who can fix the PA in time for the Best Sound Editing award.
I'm hungry af !
What was your favorite Golden Globe moment or winner?
I am he is an amazing hockey player.
My cat Ziggy is sick, today is just an awful day.
rofl Sorry! Not my recipe. Will check yeast quantity and get back to you... That seems the likely culprit.
Nope. Who needs me when you have Brandon anyways?
What questions would you want to ask a teen movie star?
Pleasantly surprised & pleased the won Game 7 today in Memphis
the video cracked me up...unfortunately true
It's so hard waxing my own vag. Despite how many times my mom showed me how to. :-/
She threw up when Katniss & Rue were gnawing the animal meat off the bones. Not sure if it was the scene or she was just sick.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 28
Bank robbers give a bad name to people who just want to deposit their check with a mask on
wen u alone u hear EVERYTHING! haha
I've to go to do some shopping
oh hi.
#Apple even makes delivery fun. China to HK to Anchorage to Tennessee to Newark to home. GEEK-UPS tracking.
Bought 8g organic plugs. Me = geeked
Love how me and hayley are gonna run round the field at 6 every monday just for fitness.. We're freaks!
Just got a little more integrated into the dept of integrated medicine. Score.
Joke is on your Memphis. Keep waiting...
Today marks the end of Work-At-Home-Moms Week. Shout out to all the moms raising the kids and paying the bills!
friendz change on you real quick str8-up!
Yay!!!!!!! Go Adele! You so deserve this :D
In Herndon for the day for an NVAR meeting.
dear people of twitter, Please follow !!!!! love, Alexis<3
#np "Slow Jam"--Usher. Thank you, Pandora 90s R&B.
they can't whoop me tho
Preview #2...it's going to be a fun show!
So hungry.
i just look on fb for a min and this nigga got a girl tatted on his neck
So Nialls gone partying & so has Louis & El. While Harry Liam & Danny chill in the States.(: Whereas Zayn's hanging with family & frends.
I got stuck on a 60 run
You are most welcome!
no! You know is horrible friend.lol
who' going to win tonight?
I've used a couple, but what is your favorite SMS blast service?
Well Don't let EP fool you. ;)
I'm not the kind of person to look after skin color. I look after the inside of a person their heart not color or even race
“Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.” ― Malcolm X
Woah there, twitter is making me a bit horny right now!
Yoou do those to!?
writing a new blog post about the great Marty Walker! stay tuned...
*cute boy driving next to us* 'I know that guy.' 'Really?' 'No, I wish.'
LET'S GO BARBIE
"Your past is like a painting, and as the artist of the painting, it's my job to fill all of the ugly holes, and make it beautiful again"
Nice!!! How was the show? RT : we saw Da Bear's Greg Olsen at zoomanity tonight.
Vegas for the weekend! Loving it
Last Night ROcked Shack in Vegas. Salsa Night was great. Looking forward to more Friday Nights like that!! Merry Christmas!
someone said court st.
Bo! Hope it wasn't that brunch at ! Wish we would have had more time to chat that day.
A kush high + motivation= another song to add to my collection ... 2RealEnt
THX 2 Yvonne Sherman Oaks 4 helping me choose and install my brand-spankin'-new car battery!! This past one lasted over 8 years?!
50% off Yoga or Pilates at Astor Street Dance Studio - you can mix and match the classes you want to take! www.crowdclick.com
Make sure your battery back-up on your computers, servers, etc. are working properly. These storms are taking out a lot of electricity.
Harry said he's bi? When did this happen? o:
whens your next run thur the ville?
It's almost the weekend!
Insanity is doing the same things over and over and expecting new results -Einstein 👊
Imagine: You- Its so cold! Austin- Not in my arms ;)
Time to play like #Vegas style baby !!! It's #flyonetime at
okay. Did you hear about Sally?
in the summer of 2014 we will celebrate Ray's birthday in Tulsa. I hope some of you can make it!
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election?
I hate my class
Aww, thank you! She's too adorable for her own good, gets away with everything 'cuz she charms me with her cuteness :)
you owe me $20 bro!
Also, take that with a tiny grain of salt, I only have 140 characters to work with.
I have to watch my language on facebook, because my girlfriends mommy says I have a potty mouth. Bahahhaa
what a busy Tuesday already....
RT : So excited to announce that will be sponsoring a cookie decorating table at the #MKEfoodies Holiday Bake Sale.
can you guys make it to a Boston house party this Saturday ;)
Thank u ;)
errand run today!
What did you always want to be (do) when you grew up -- and did you become that person?
Looks like 's been getting some insider tips
The weekend is almost here!! Happy Hour is coming!!
I often change the spec until the code has demonstrated long term value. I find TDD wasteful in this case.
no I feel super duper badd
“: Tweeted this with my left nipple!”....ur so strange girl
studio for clean vocals tommorrow! Once we get some mixes i'll email ya?
Hey, please help how I can watch !? (:
haha I knew somebody was gonna guy with the guy NEXT to the guy
Does anyome print decals?
Your chances would be increased substantially.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Othere Than Meeting You Of Course!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo
Oh yeah...got big things happening down there. I am done here in the sticks.
Get down to , the games are over and is on stage doing a live video set!!
So true my friend. So true. RT“: haha exactly. Only those who lack talent complain lol.”
HL7 Standards are standard in a different way at each hospital -Kerry Matre conference
I never gave a fuck about what you heard about me..
This lab is taking forever.
This convo just makes me SMH. 80% paperwork, 20% Tx. What about the 50% arguing with other professionals?
They've whiffed on every receiver in the last ten years except for Crayton, why not keep the trend going?
Just so you know, I miss you like crazy. And a tiny part of me hopes that you miss me too.
the problem is the warning is voluntary. Just as much risk with foods w/no info!
you always have the best shit to retweet :)
He kicked 78% FGs last year. 2nd lowest percentage of his career.
there are some beardos in Ybor city, not sure if they have formed an official club.
sure. when /where? Im flexible
Does it take you HOURS to do something that should take MINUTES for your business? Let us find a software to help with that frustration! Se…
just starting following ....could be really interesting.
Agreed! RT : Great job hosting today's #kbtribechat ... See you later at #lfi2012 (in person and on TW).
I'm absolutely in love with new icon (;
What is the most colorful bird you see at your bird feeder? Ours is the Goldfinch (the man Goldfinch).
i can't wait #AudiA7 is going to look good on me :)
Being successful isn't a goal. It's a habit.
-- gotta love Bootstrap, from Twitter. thanks guys. making my life easier.
lolz every body i no is watching the
Thank you for the #FF mention! Have a great weekend!
Celts fans rule!!“: Not sure what the folks at Philips want all these Celtics fans to do with the Hawks towels they gave out.”
At the theaters and trying not to tweet..;)
I love you more than anything in the world, my life will collapse without you.
then y did he follow us?!
My partner Rachel argued a very intense motion in a tribal court in Montana today, fighting on behalf of two parents who's child....
This time last year I was in New York avoiding the drunks from New Jersey.
i hope so! I still need to get a picture :o
Krispy Kreme is running a special.
you play tennis? shut up! haa. so do I. We'll have to play a match.
"my first kiss was supposed to be someone special and with a high gpa and a future, not a mario brother!" #modernfamily is hilarious!
when your jealous all the god damn time > -.-
Thank you. :) You the best. Btw: I loves your tweets.
Thanks to Pastor & 1st Lady Oliver & the Elizabeth Baptist Church for allowing me to preach God's word there today. What a time we shared
They will somehow survive!
thanks for the RT!
so true - feel better!
Twilight series, Harry Potter Series, AND Hunger Games series. Harry Potter being on top, of course.
S.A.D.="Save All Doobies"
One of my best friends tonight lost a loved one. Please keep my friend and his family in your prayers. I'm here for you and your family bro
#2YearsofGreysonPaparazzi... I can't believe how for you have come. Keep going, I love you you xx
a special good morning for you
dude; I'm not that fond of Democrats. They're just the lesser evil. It's sad.
Only if the goal is reached by that point in time!
My mom says I'm becoming an alcoholic, My dad says I'm just a wimp... I think my dads got a more valid point
This has to be a record for the most days spent without seeing a roommate. 😣😢😭
Congrats to our sister magazine and ! Can't wait to see #WatchHerWork vid. #
how was ur day??
RT TONIGHT 10HRS OF FUN IT'S ON!
NEXT Thursday night The Pinch is playing at Big V's with Daymoths. January 5th
u guys excited ?
circus music
let me find a fuck to give......... oh wait, can't find a fuck.
Can a young nigga get money anymore?
went on them tonight. can the smoking threes rec basketball team get a S/O or at least a retweet!?!?!?!
PM why only follow two when I am trying to create jobs and help move the state to world-class, #engaging, no cost curriculum?
First week of Fall term AND I had to put in 60 hrs at work... man, I'm tired!!!
+1. They are truly #disruptive. RT : My money is on tonight.
Trying to ramp up our launch bugs and launch a massive campaign - with FB's recent assault on privacy we expect a lot of new members
Making new friends...
Complaint filed. Hopefully this means we get our deposit back.
Nite Owl Specials after 10 pm tonight. What a great way to wrap your Friday night out!
Don't forget Curriculum Night is TOMORROW! Join us 5:30-6:45pm followed by a Camp Wllson Parent Meeting for 3rd-5th grade in Ms. Kim's room
Thanks Julie! Hope all is well.
“: not long now till ur tour ! May 15th London !!!! All of me #buynow”I can't wait until she hits the U.S
We watched #Hugo tonight. Sweet, heartwarming movie.
Mouth hurts. But I must go to school tomorrow
Oh, those gun shots sounded really nearby.
when i get bored 1. Tumblr 2. twitter 5. stare at my posters 6. text someone 7. contemplate cleaning room or posters 9. EAT SLEEP REPEAt
Are you there? For the game? Damn you!
Sorry, no offense was intended.
It's very hard for a seven year old girl to accept that the cat she has known all her life may soon no longer be with her.
Supply dictionaries for coaches RT : Dr.Brett Reed has been added to my list of potential clinic speakers Coaches Clinic
ha, man its always better when you ain't at
Did the Christmas Special air here?
Of course it does! If only we all had a bit of crochet for those a/c days of summer.
Don't cook in your undies. It can hurt.
Thank you for sharing about WJU grads! We're lookling for new Talent to add to our Leadership Team!
Get down to BuckBradley's tonight for an viewing party at 9 PM for Game 3 of the #CalderCup Playoffs!
Does Axe make sunscreen? You'd get a lot of doofy 13 year olds with healthy skin.
Apple raises the bar again with Mountain Lion. Curious to see reaction to the new notes app.
I think Shoshanna is my favorite.
It's a GORGEOUS day in #Miami ! Off to the beach! See ya!
If so, it's certainly better than so-called "post-feminism."
I cannot put down John Green's The Fault in Our Stars
<-- Interesting. Results most likely tainted by FB's rollout of flexible security options, though.
First full day of the IWJ conference! So proud of my staff for helping to organize a great event!
#HillerHelps - #CollaborativeLaw can create a 'marriage contract' that sets out what work you will do on the marriage.
don't eat around the blue spots colin!! the bread is BAD
Im scared to let him outside in the backyard cause i think i will loose him
Pretty sure none of the people on the #SXSW "4-hour work week is bullshit" actually are 4-hour work weekers.
Thanks Honey :)
Open your eyes to recognize those who are full of sound & fury, yet signify nothing. It is often the quiet ones who have the most to say.
Could not read chrome manifest file 'C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\extensions\{972ce4c6-7e08-4474-a285-3208198ce6fd}\chrome.manifest'.
I won't tell and thank you!
Happy Monday
My 17yo son just got into town! He's staying until Monday! This wkend we'll eat, laugh, play games & MAKE MEMORIES! My momma heart is HAPPY
the man can flat out hoop.
Oh, how sad. Davy Jones died today. It was crazy then.
Cactus is officially the worst place on earth. 27 mins waiting at the bar still without a drink.
Were there but time, I so would.
The tone on this panel is mostly favorable towards Pathways b/c it's stoking new conversations about curriculum.
Just saw your tweet this morning, what's up with Durbin?
my owner is she can be so mean sometimes, ya know
Spending my weekend with my sisters, my mama, my brother, nd his kids :) Thats what I call
I so need to try out the :)
That Kashmir Tchai that I picked up on impulse at Kusmi Tea last night after seeing "Arriety"? So good.
It doesn't feel like a Thursday... more like a Tuesday
anytime ☺❤ and funny cause he's with me on OUR date ☺
Toshiba Has The Thinnest Tablet In The World, But Does That Make It The Best? (GOOG)
If you don't fast you won't last; if you don't pray you won't stay.
Every laker game I watch Kobe lets me down ... Turnovers and terrible shot selection.
The clippers right now >>>>
Today is the 7th anniversary of the election of #Pope Benedict XVI to succeed JPII.
How about Organo Gold Coffee? Contact me for free samples.
. & u might consider avoiding the "ignorant fuck" koolaid you swill by the gallon, you taxdollar-sucking do-nothing.
Rumor: Insurance companies are following customers on Facebook to asses their health issues. I am sure it's not just Facebook they look at.
Tried Domino's sandwiches tonite,and had bread sticks with IBC.Oh yeah,and a long blonde pussy burger!M-Juicy!
from one erep to another....how long have you done this? ever do an eparty? Fundraiser? My Upline stranded me.
My van kissed a deer last night but didn't like it. Ugh. A day of adjusters, and awkward transport ahead.
A leader does more than block shots and grabs rebounds. A leader leads by example. Pulls guys together/talks/inspires...
quite well. Thesis writing is slow but steady.
a little late to the game aren't we?? So was I ;)
You're one of those kids who likes to fight people because you bumped your poor liddo shoulder on someone else's
you better quote thT Mary mary... Man that song has gotten me through some tough stuff!
Fill in the blank! "This Valentine's Day is awesome because ____________."
How many DUI's leave Miller Park today?
it's in my wallet.
M fresh out the oven auntie annes
I definitely prefer emails to phone calls ;-)
I'm so sorry that I'm such a problem to you.
": Wielding a bass larger than her body, Esperanza Spalding makes it look effortless in today's #MBE. " Tune in now!
Uh oh Twit friends..."Studies show - People who use Twitter every day tend to have briefer relationships."
Good dress rehearsal with for #sci conference concert tonight. Electronics+voices+video. Woot.
New menu items coming soon start tuned!
Sleep, wake, sleep, wake... make up your minds, people!
Prediction: Tiger shoots 72. Struggling in this wind.
Next up is Karin on tips and tricks for proposing/designing a new legal research class.
very misty!
But not on coke. Just Yoko.
I dont have the track for the ad libs. Can you send them?
woah, I met bill nye the science guy last night!
I'm doing homework -.- hate do hw at this hour
I choose not to tweet, I twaat!
wow really?
Looking forward to the Indiana Artisan Weekend! I'll be there on Sunday.
Birds do not have teeth, but they do have have really hard bills made of keratin (protein).
Moon snail shells are hard to find, but if Chiton valves and Limpet shells were money, I'd be rich.
This ep is the shit!! Can't wait for you guys to hear it, shit is MASSIVE.... is the fuckin man
I wish I woulda knew earlier lemme know next time you go
Trying to teach my grandma how to use iTunes
Embrace who You Are! RT
No one needs the 'freedom' to be a 'productive citizen', only the freedom to simply 'be'. If U are judged by your income, U have no freedom.
Unfollow this page and follow my new one now
you cannot be serious?? For what reasons? They better let shaw play then
With my Baby (:
Just finished tracking a tune for Echo Bones. Good stuff!
I just want to dance until I die rt and
So the was fabulous. We tried the parmesan fries, the rounders, and the steak sarnie. All amazing. Plan to go back lots.
Thanks for sharing the word on events around town. I'm sure lots of DC'ers and wallets are happy and thankful.
you betta work the hell out of itt!!! and you betcha hard!! ahaha
Rondo did a great job of getting between the defender and basket on the break. Young players take note.
Yeah, it's all different now.
via Gilberto R. Rodriguez Don't dream it. Be it.
Dear #PressCorpse: What does tell his gay Wall Street donors in private about #SSM?
Totally rooting for the L.A. Kings now. Go Kings!!! King and Devils.
your so sweet that you put Hershey's out of buisness(:
just saw your tweet. Yep, who else could talk about dropping a body in an alley without thinking it sounded odd.
18,585 is tonight attendance and also the # Pirates fans who got so drunk that they still don't know that the Phillies won.
We really like healthy eating challenge!! Got any smart ideas to share? Can't wait to see your vid...
My pleasure !
Los Angeles! I'll be there this Sunday , Dec 18th! Check it!
Thanks for the follow Penny!
CEO of originally dubbed #SM as "Digital PR" ... not far off.
Crazy my middle name
#TEDxABQ who knew one person produces 61 tons of trash! AND, 4270 tons to get rid of it
": 7 days till the derby!!!! Who is everyone betting on?" I'm betting me & will be hammered
Yes, I just saw Avengers for the sixth time...
I have mentioned Uncle Sam's Plantation and Star Parker to you for years now. Please read the book and speak to her.
re:same sex interracial adoption: In Our Mothers' House, White Swan Express, Monika's Papa is Tall
Lodi man arrested Tue. 4th drunken driving after losing control of car & crashing into snowbank. Don’t let this be you. Get a Step Ahead!
Why in the hell do I have to press 1 for English, and be left on hold for ten minutes, to ultimately speak to someone who can't speak E...
ya thats not funny. I feel bad for the guy
One of those days where I don't feel like doing anything.
Powder <3 love the movie and the donuts :)
same thing happened to me man
Sometimes you just have to #salute stupid people...you so dumb it has to be smart!! O_o
absolutely brotha sounds good
im on!
Classes are cancelled tonight. As of right now, weekend classes are still on.
“: My sister complains too much about not getting off the plane hahahah” yes I do. Cause stupid people are making me mad.
Stop listening to people who say you can't. Never tell yourself you're not capable.
me too! I'll have to see how it fits. Oh and then I need to find shoes...all by next Sunday.
thank you!!! i'm grateful for and all the people who came with it
That would be great. i just hope they stay at No. 4 and don't trade down needlessly.
I may not be your type,but I dare you to get to know me!
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
It is then. Boo
omg yes♥ iloveyou!! :D lets hope sees tht ^-^ it would been the world to me and best xmas present ever ♥
Facts don't convince. Emotion, Values, Story Telling all do.
I've got ice packs at my desk; related: they are not frozen and thus likely not useful to you.
Jus got to Vegas
": i cant believe i really jus washed my hair at work ahahah" <-- gotta do what yah gotta do lol
Hate that rule. Was technically good call, but it's unrealistic to think a guy could stop when in one step. No call if Kobe.
wasnt planning on going out but i never back down from a challenge, you have no chance
Happy Birthday!
Any youtube requests!?
Looks like the rain and snow has left the metro area with some left over in the south, sun tomorrow? Let's hope
Just tapped Crispin Brut Apple Cider.
cousin's baby shower (:
that's the best thing ever
Time to create! working on buckle art at the moment. Later.
Thanks so much! Do u know Brandy Agerbeck? Cool chica- graphic facilitator.
-_- jk. I love Chris, despite all of his rudeness towards an innocent cat and myself.
Ok Kenny your brother rusty and Steve are coming Matt and Ross Kenneth Bill and Chase Elliot Milwaukee mile where are you
can you say tht in american
"Fires of the world will keep you longer than you intended to stay and will cost you more than you intended to pay."
It's very clean & st8forward. Yes, it could be prettier, but, personally, sometimes I'm thankful for a simple presentation.
Update: Slow release of trains back into GC. Delay of 15 trains backed up.
Thanks for following me, I love your account!
I wouldve been crying the whole time anyways so...just gonna laugh 's photos from the wax museum :p
Thank you :-)
lol apparently that was my thinking
Another gorgeous day at 56°F! Did you know there's still plenty of #snow on Sandia Peak? Perfect time 4 a #snowshoe adventure ;)
as if I don't have enough things to keep me awake at night worrying...
Kick ass calyspo band in occidental park - 50 cpls dancing - between last supper and fireman statue
Aww yeah I got a job for the summer
She's a real lady.
HathiTrust is a rockstar as far as I'm concerned!
all of this "can't be" always reinforcing the alien-ness of our family. people forget, they insult "moms" to me as if I am not one.
Scott Brown 's easy ride. His response to everything is to express concern with details but say he's open minded if policy is fixed. CRAP
Free Comic Book Day 2012 is nearing... This Saturday... Nothing will ever be the same again...
thanks man had a blast !
Exactly!! ;) I hope to chat at the next #mnprsa event!
Watch me devour this supper when its done cooking LOL
It rains shattered glass in my art room, literally...
Adopt a "no drama" policy in your office and your home. Clear out the garbage and watch your life transform! via
I'm finally 15! I feel so young. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!
Time to go on a networking rampage..
TO THOSE WHO WAIT, not an HEA but a "happy now" just released from www.whiskeycreekpress.com. A must read for every teacher and parent.
Take it easy over there! Maybe this time the news isn't sensationalizing how rough the East Coast is getting beaten on
Open your mind before your mouth
im not sure one band just played. everclear is nxt then all american rejects i wanna say maybe around 830
Sometimes I just want to apologize to all the waiters in the country for my family.
Is it top secret, or can you share? :)
when people don't follow back<<<<
Today God sent us a taste of Spring. Sunday and 60 degrees when typical is below freezing. What an awesome God to give us variety.
oh wow are they really tonight?! Fuck, I wish I knew.. I wanted to do dance next year /:
Thanks, man. Really dig your line as well!
Live from MetroStage Tonight at 6:30 Filming of Yusef Chisholm and his band Common Knowledge. www.metrostage.org for details.
I hate to ask.. but did I ever email you that collab? Haha.
No Worries!! Thats what we do all day every day here. We were called away from Twitter is all
Lord. I need to put my hair up.
Having my coffee in #Nerdland with Then to write my 250 words for the day.
Created new account
That is weird!! So when do ya wanna write?:)
is anything you post *not* brilliant?
to the dome!
...DONE..now follow back
On some real shit I don't deserve her
"[Harvey's post] is is horrible and distasteful ad hom, and not fit for any intelligent or principled forum." Thx 4 the luv, T. V. Dyke!
Just saw shark night 3D. If you want to see stupid kids that get destroyed by sharks. This is the movie for you!
Working on my WebQuest. Actually getting some good ideas!
throw some epmd on the cafe.
from one Brandon to another, welcome to the Cowboys!!! Gettin paid and winning championships.
Make sure your estate goes to your loved ones without family or court interference! Seminars on 2/23, 2/24 and 2/25. www.KH-LAW.net
#DanceRogue2012 #Leggo! RT : In the studio choreographing for workshop this weekend!! Woo hoo #schoolin life
Why am I setting the alarm for 9am tomorrow?!
*Opens door* Hello :)
Cleaning like a boss. a clean boss... level: mr. clean.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. -Aristotle
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. -Sammy Davis, Jr.
Finally got my vans warped tour tickets
'All the rumors regarding Marc Anthony and Jada are false,' says Jada's rep. 'Because we just made that shit up,' she thinks to herself.
Thank you :) and YOU have an awesome day too!
cool. glad to meet some fellow hoteliers.
I mean somebody actually voted for Joe Johnson? That tells you all you need to know.
Text it guys!
weird. That should have been a text, turned into a tweet.
you had me until bean burrito. Mos def not a sexy food. :-)
Listening to Lana Del Rey's new album. You either love her or hate her...we love her so far. Very NYC-pop.
She's amazing! I love her. :)
: Bit tired so I am looking forward to this flight so I can get some sleep and keep my league going on #footballmanager ...
never heard of that at all... school book ?
as in "lemme tell you about my killer musicianship skills"?
Its @ holmes hall 3am all blaq attire
I contact my financial advisor before any decision that involves money! This ain't a joke!
Charging my phone in Mrs.Smiths class lol my favorite class<3
ohh what's your new job, now I'm curious!
Good Morning! Happy Friday everyone
We'll give you a call to set it up. Looking forward to it.
that's TALENT boi. He make those n his sleep. 😉
using the weekend to catch up on projects at work
thanks for following ;P
Broken toe. Cut up. Still gonna dance tomorrow. Never stopping.
I just know that its kinda rockish and a woman sings it.. And that I like it xD lmao one day it'll just hit me (y)
Watching Disney Channel Movies From Back In Days... And Loving Them
Why spring is in the air! William's Gap is calling...
Dan Greenstein: presses need to be "tubs with their own bottoms." What does this mean?
Wine, sushi and League of Legends. Why yes, I could get used to this.
I change myself, I change my world :)
I can't.wait until boyfriend I net its gonna.sound awesome!!!¡
"send me a job's bill worthy of Mordor" - Pres. Barack Obama
I'll try to right now I'm hungry and don't know what to eat lol
ironkoopz ! What's good in miami?! Just touched down on tour. (stranger in a strange land)
ohh, lol. Who wouldn't he's fine as hell!
Why wouldnt it be : hopefully
I love seeing my timeline freak out when tweets.
Join the mailing list of A&R to get updates on opportunities for music producers RT
Hecky. Yeah man and you too
Hi Thank you for the follow. Best of luck to you with your new release!
Chase Bank refuses to credit fraudulent charges caused by Chase data insecurity while "investigating" follow
You'll always miss 100% of the shots you never take..
Excellent news! Any of them are welcome to contact me - if they'd like.
The world is all gates, all opportunities, strings of tension waiting to be struck
Thanks for the retweet!
I'll be updating the "computer repair services and cost of labor" section soon with more of our services.
Hello I'm new here people were net if you would help me thank you
any chance you want to share that serial? lol
No doubt I'm wearing a dryer sheet disguised as a shirt.
Bruins-Caps first round...what what!
can you please follow me back? :)
Please support Lancaster's Spanish American Civic Association. Buy tickets to their 31st annual Fiesta! Latin food, fun!...
I dont care
Just saw you staring at me through glass for literally 10 minutes. Check that, just a different
Both Of Yall Need To Go.! So We Can Be Live Nd So I Can Ride Widd One Of Yall :). Basically To Get Livee.!
My hair got wet... are you kidding me.. pissed...
Just experienced some of the worst #customerservice I've had in awhile. More tempted to take my Platinum business elsewhere
The Lovely Boners
TOO MANY LIMES! TOO MANY LIMES!
Wes! I haven't seen you in forever!
a little bit.
Have none of you seen a Heat game this season? That's how all their games start.
yessir get your mama something special
That's one healthy baby.
r u going to the cornival or what? Lol
Life has to end, Love doesn't.
Georgetown College baseball Tigers defeat Lindsey Wilson 5-1.
so I'm still waiting to see all of the 6-5 guys they were gonna put on TJ. They were bigger than us.
If this works out, I will be the happiest girl in the world.
Special Event this Thursday the 29th! spinning live. Check out his hit song "Tung"
Why do you think it was about you?
Too bad! What class is it for?
I was looking for my headphones all day; they were in my pocket.
Study Finds Increased Warming Over Wind Farms ...
Man accused of strangling Carlsbad girlfriend has long history of domestic violence allegations by ex-wife in Orange County
Wake up & take advantage. Not too many opportunities brew up that can actually get you into the next bracket of your career..
#np Everybody Talks- Neon Trees
thnks! I'll give it a listen! I'm just want more songs to put on my iPod
Ok dancing starting...
I can't decide what to do this weekend: Lobster Races or Cooter Fest?
no target...following other #Austin people :-) you @ mentioned me earlier so...
Always a pleasure working with
like a playa with a pregnant girlfriend ha ha
RT meh: So we need girls on our street team. Who's down? :)
When humanity is reduced to objects, it is easy to distort others and see them as less worthy & subhumans with no feelings, worth & dignity
guess who is new to twitter!
iknow it wont. Iv accepted that
thank you :)
i wanna go work out again with someone.haha, its been a long time though.
Thanks for the RT. We always appreciate working with our busness partners.
Been really stressing out the knees with my workouts lately. What are some of your favorite ways to avoid workout related injuries?
I seriously wish I knew how to play guitar or drums. I mean..like actually knowing what I'm playing.
When youre trying to eat healthier but theres only unhealthy bullshit at your house <<
Dnt gotta be a dj to host soming bro who told you that lol": siah hosting it that's what's sup he ain't a dj though lol
#TruthIs sometimes making other people happy is better than making myself happy .
Excellent idea! Resilience training would be great for sts too, but hard to do unless tchrs are resilient
Miami Dolphins (safety) & his artist , GATO DA BATO, many more 645 WASHINGTON IN SOUTH
Thanks to the loyal supporters.. Let's take it to the top..
Do you think Rihanna can spell Rihanna?
you tried editing the java preference too?
Sprinkles cupcakes for breakfast.
Going to bed on a full full full stomach. Dinner with my L.A. fam makes me laugh. They're good people.
hee hee .. that's all? I'm almost to 1500. :P lol
Nice! I was farting around with the idea of doing something like "A Wrinkled White Man in Time," but then gave up.
Awesome! Lets get together one day when I'm in town!
we love you right back! Thanks for the shout ;)
you got to have swag to be a rapper! Lol
Sorry I haven't been on in a while, I've been busy sightseeing San Francisco.
We Guarantee Highly Qualified Security Professionals Get the Security Personnel You Want – When you Need Them!
I don't like Rascal that much but love Fast Cars and Freedom
I want some cheesecake
Thanks Jason!
#WorstSubjectinSchool is this a joke far and away the population will go with Math and its not even close
Monday at Dunkin Donut Nostrand Avenue is fine. I sent you an email also confirming the date
ok now im getting off, goodnight everyone :)
'Before Watchmen' panel scheduled for Kapow! Comic Con: DC Comics confirms its plans for Mark Millar's London comics convention.
You do videos or photography. Start building inventory. Get lights,fog,props. You'll be able to charge more cuz u not just a point n shoot
Love all these adoption mamas tonight.
I didn't think the questions were that challenging after reading the story. Not Pinkwater's best effort, however.
Night at work = studying for physics. Studying all day tomorrow with a workout, lunch, workout 2, and dinner break.
last night i had a dream i was a dolphin trainer, it is only fitting that i start my semester out with my first class of marine biology! :)
tomorrow would be good I have work Wednesday and Thursday hair app!
How much of the P2P sharing economy (AirBNB, Parking, Rides etc.) based on tax avoidance - hotel taxes ~30%, + undeclared extra income?
hey Alex, its already 6pm here. I got new kicks today! What are you dong (:?
blood drive today made me so dizzy & out of it. might as well have not even been in school. barely remember shit..
Suggestion – Eighth, Mention something positive about the speakers who spoke before you, if there were any speakers.
Shouldn't you be showering right now so you can be on time tonight?!
Fun Fact: WAS IT A CAR OR A CAT I SAW. This is the only English sentence which even if we read in reverse will give the same sentence.
You are too cute. Let's lunch soon. Thinking about how I can weave his piece into future writing. -
Tears are words the heart can't say.
Ha! its my first one. :D lolz
So sad! 9 years and it all ends tonight!
At WLCV!!! Awaiting a weekend of membership recruitment :D
I'm bored. This was not worth going to school today
Sounds great.
Oh, when will I ever be free from the guilt of not doing work on the weekend.
It's 2p: Daft Punk & greatness ensues. tonight with , though, I'm really stoked to be a Bond-villain again
Even if you don't see me, I see you & I will always tweet you. I <3 you. Everyone should. UR an inspiration.
Check Out My New Twitcon =)!!
Mission accomplished. Legs and abs feel like jelly. Love it!
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY to my bestfriend in this entire world <3 Love you 16 year old (:  #happysweet16 best sister ever !
I wish there were flights for just people who fly a lot. Boarding would take 12 seconds.
prepping the studio
Way to be a follower
Lincecum Ks the side in 3rd, has four Ks in a row.
Has anyone seen a mobile site, where clicking on the "contact us" brings up a contact card? Please share.
it's going great. about to kick off the new school year! you?
Loving this!
I wish I stuck with dance when I was little
family can get really crazy
Details Emerge of ZoneCast Pitch to FCC - Soup 4u!
ok, Jasper Farm Winnimer is our new fav! I might skip dinner and just eat cheese. :)
Appreciated point from : don't judge experiences as positive or negative. Instead: ask if helpful v unhelpful.
Looking forward to 's webinar today on helping your staff & board become better #nonprofit marketers!
Weren't you wearing a Duke shirt today...hahaha
small world! We can take great inspiration from the here!
! "Protesters chant 'thank you thank you' to lines of riot police as security forces stand back and let demonstrators pass in shubra #jan25"
I like it! :) RT : I also enjoy curmudgeon, haha. RT : Kerfuffle is my new favorite word (persnickety is a close second).
appreciated the kubler-ross ref in yr lambchop review.
Well Gotta Sleep Haha! (: Goodnight! xx
just hauled ass downstairs to watch grey's....just realized it's on at 9
'Take all of this Book [the Bible] upon reason that you can and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier and better man."
Busy night tonight. Working out at , last minute shopping at , packing 4 xmas, & convincing to watch Home Alone.
Tomorrow is out but Thursday is in.
looking for "the one"
#Facebook stock price just jumped up to $42.98! We are open for business!
its already in the mail box
Love is a verb not a noun..
Thanks Court!! It's the only workout that is remotely closed to our softball workouts, and the only way I stay motivated 😁
haha I don't listen to mainstream lol an know rap trust me, an I'll do that when EVER you decide to talk to what's her face ;)
"Arms have to look like they are breathing, legs have to look like they are breathing." James Canfield, choreographer
Anyone in #fortcollins #colorado and likes #glutenfree cookies for 50% off?? Let us know!! We've got a store for you.
No plans for an Android version of the app yet... will be exclusive to the iPhone for the foreseeable future.
I am going to buy those tickets so hard.
Loved that line. What a magical emotional roller coaster of a day.
I know. HE HAS A VERY NICE BODY.
Heading home real tipsy and no im not driving gotta get up early and run a few laps to see if my leg is getting better !
It was a beautiful day in #NY Now back at the Jane Hotel for an early night.
Check out our new ProLine Bakeware made outside of Pgh. in Cresent Twp. It has a silicone glaze finish, is warp resistant, & rust proof!
Remember our favourite line ? If fat go where ? (:
Looking for a great place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
Dude, how many sausage shooters did you do last night?
You are very welcome...I thank you too for my RT
that's what I'm saying. Like sorry u havent met him does that mean I have to stop meeting him cause u haven't? No
feel so bad for verdasco, bc the outcome when he plays Nadal is always the same
Thanks for the
John McCain has 3 different types of govt insurance - V.A., U.S. Govt. and Medicare...but he doesn't want you or me to have even one form.
:o) please follow back..
well with Lola's skills and Bill Murrays agility and Brute strength they made a run at it..just wasn't their season i guess
Let me find out Collin here and didn't tell me
Back to Wisconsin for the weekend.
Hi John. Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
Paint, glue, it's all been ingested! RT : haha been there many a time :)
I'm chilling until I go to work
Mini marathon has begun. Just an astounding sight of these thousands of runners.
That boi a genius. This mix tape hot...
She didn't buy Raid. We have Hot Shot. The thing sucks. The best Raid I've used is the one from Home Depot. Lol
It feels like its freakin friday
Love when you get emotional over a dance. Love it!
RT : Counting the hours to my date with Don. I'm having an old fashioned. Love those
#TRANSFORM Tuesday
*Dragging in a breath* What are we going to do about you biting your lip, Ms. Blythe?
luvs wat I do name me another job where nice guys call U a goddess & really mean it?
At home? LOL Good Luck!
So what the hell is Warrior Dash?
omg 8 more tweets to 200
Music Video Shoot this Sunday for my hit song Club Rockin'!
i've lost my to-do list... i guess i'll just pace around in circles till i pass out.
Never wanted you more than NOW !!!
Thanks so much for helping me too!
m toes(:
When you interview a CEO for Inc., the biz mag, & when he sighs, disappointed, to learn u're not from Inked, the tattoo mag, u're alive now.
Nick Perry is a very talented USC Trojan turned Green Bay Packer. Let the Matthews-Perry campaign begin.
Consequences of living with - leaving the apartment without a coat if it's over 40 degrees.. And ending up FREEZING
I wish I could accrue followers as fast as !
I gusse I'm single for the night ... & u can sit on my middle finger for the night .
Happy Birthday Dave Gahan!! The sexiest ugly man alive!
The sound of rain is soothing
Looking forward to connecting. You've always been positive and professional to work with. Take care!
Big Pimpin 2012 this evening at Lunar!! Even if you want to stay in, there's no school tomorrow so don't miss out! See EVERYONE tonight!
Kevin (guitar) is gonna draw you something on
Happy Friday! Let us warm your soul tonight with our legendary,ailment curing,La Salita exclusive,Turkey Soup,or perhaps some Carne Adovada!
I would so come if I weren't headed to New York that night.
back it up, now let me see your hips swwwiiiinnngggg.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Don't let the heat cause you to make any rash decisions! Take it easy and enjoy your Labor Day weekend :)
Happy Friday everyone!
Just watched 's first show. Touching interview with amy winehouse's parents. Can't wait for tomorrow's show!
Pat Riley is such a G.
Most of these niggas is dick riders
Why Niggas Keep Askin Me If I Gotta Attitude? Is That Vibe I'm Givin Off?
Ya quiero ver Married To Jonas GOD! :') They are BACK BITCH :3
Join us tonight for our #NYEve celebration! #LiveMusic with Spivey, no cover and a complimentary toast!
Sad news today with the passing of Jim Stynes, a true AFL champion!! Had the pleasure of meeting him once, such a gentleman!
We're all about to spend a whole lot more accessing video in the cloud
too busy w/today's language lesson to play with it
i know. Super cute<3
right there with ya homegirl.
Chelsea and Paris St-Germain at Yankees Stadium in July
Rice cakes are bomb .
Jared Jeffries trying to make a layup is like watching someone slamming a revolving door
4 calls, 1 hour later, my flights to Asia are booked! Taipei bound 6/7, US bound from Singapore 7/30!
#90sproblems - Everyone in the house trying to eaves drop on your phone conversation
‎Aaron Goldberg is one of the most fluent pianists of his generation.
Money from strangers
and some of those nuts are covered in chocolate.
You would think that their cold but guess not lol
If you don't like what I say or how I say it, then so what.......that's life...
Back to Northview to watch I've seen a different & much more determined Mikey Jones since the season ended. Hard work will pay.
I view ear protection as mandatory here at #sxsw in Austin,TX volumes are way too high in most cases - ear plugs $ 5 - hearing = priceless
I wanna watch twilight!:)
Love hard or not at all!!
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
#BOYZAREBACK ! AH! OMG I CAN'T WAIT!
when will you be in LA? DM me trying to book you to host one of my venues
Thanks for your order today Lakesha B in MD!!!
Thanks for all your hard work!
Sharon van etten playing in starbucks... there's no in nyc so I know it's not on the radio!
": Our daughter Rose turns 12 today!" Happy Birthday to Rose! Hope your family can celebrate in hope!
I'm skeptical. I want to hear more about this. Because if it's true as is, I think it's overblown.
Yes! RT : The Octomom said the Tanning Mom "needs to take parenting classes." Then she fingered herself on camera for money.
hahaha awesome. Going to start using that :D
What are you trying to tell us? Do you have an un-fun surprise for your husband when he gets back home?
Chellie Campbell workshop tonight!
hahaa I thought so..
thanks for the mention.
Why Niggaz Alwayz Think They Lil Songs They Don Recorded In They Basements Sum Hits Nigga Go Catch A Plane To Mexico lol
don't make me cry.
« You just wanna give the business while I just want to cuddle» why not both
I tell myself to try talk to a girl. But I'm scared when it comes to girls. I'm gay.
I was going to visit you after work, but I guess your phone is dead. Anyways, I love you! Sweet dreams love. <3
Just finished what felt like the mother of all scenes.
I like to make the people around me better
I don't know wats funnier; sum1 asking the kid if they have chia pets or him being so young he doesn't know wat they r
I dislike when I tell ppl that I am indecisive about motherhood & they act like its the end of the world o_O
It's not my fault you don't understand hair
Still have time to make a valentines guitar strap or two. Sweeter than candy for sure!
Hehe o. :3 well go kick so butt in a few weeks and show em whos boss then lol. <3 do u have a utube channle?
go read what I put on your tumblr post that i reblogggeeeddd.yup
email me
I'm freezing..
Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts.
hit my phone
I hate when flies look at me and rub their hands together; I feel like they’re conspiring against me!
She's ugly 
Doesn't Peyton deserve more respect from the Colts than he's getting?
Bitches. Kush. & Green.
Clocks SPRING ahead tonight (2am will really be 3am). :)
reds reds reds reds reds reds reds
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle. ~ Benjamin Franklin
I wrote zero words today. But I had several breakthroughs anyway ... daydreaming about characters away from the tools can help.
This is a huge #fail for the local GOP leadership...
Big Knock Kid!
RT“ All I Get Is Cheese Like Im Taking Pictures !”
I'm bringing him here Sterb. Write that down.
lol of course
~Tsss Niqqas jumped My Boy Shitt About To Get Real Friday ~
lmao. I think he was thinking more about me getting out of the way lol
You miss 100 percent of the shots u never take.
agreed. He is one of the best in the biz.
That's my favorite because 4 1 I don't look as ugly in their and also because well the picture just has meaning doesn't it seem
u better lmfao
There are coconut M&Ms? My life...its being summed up in words.
have you heard anything serious about Cards interest in P. Manning?
Money can't buy happiness.. but I'd much rather cry in a mansion.
Sometimes I wonder how it feels to get notices by that would make my life rememberable if he does notice me. Plz notice me :)
I miss you tushie!
it was delicious!!
Starting on some more logo concepts.
haha dont you judge me ms sara
What would you do if you knew you would die tomorrow?
Good for you, Laura!!!
LOL. Hopefully not that bad... but lineup is a let-down. RT : River's Edge is the Brick of summer festivals
so much more fun when you dislike someone and they dislike you back rather than them being oblivious to your hatred of them
uhh, kinda awkward here :|
glad you liked the workshop!!!
I love my sleep 😊💤
some guy named is invading our neck of the woods tonight. I'm declaring that St. Paddy's Day starts now.
Happy birthday ! To the most amazing wife a guy could ask for! Hope your day is great!
pretty good hockey game despite my hatred for both sides
F*** I never thought I'd say this but I'm jot ready to go to Hollywood lol especially not this Wednesday morning well here we go
here's hoping!
ready to see you to
2 Cincy players, 4 Illini players, even some loser from Midwestern State...not one player from Michigan, Michigan State, or OSU drafted 0_o
4.5 hours later and House Ed committee has yet to start.
I won't promise I promise
a very unknowing contractor just barely escpaed setting me off when interupting my smoke break.
That place is old new been there done that if you want the freshies you gotta cup the custom boys
yeah! Rock on!
Decision to defer launch of website for 7-10 days, pending addtl edits, footage and revamp of certain sections. Wait will be worth it! :)
Jan-Pro Sac is honored to provide cleaning services to WEAVE.
“: Nicole saw our tweets... #doomed”. Hahahashs I see al
Kale is wonderful. A little almonds, some flavored olive oil, almonds, cranberries. Yum times.
It'd be like dating myself.
I'm soo annoyed
Good morning!! What's everyone up to today? :)
6 hours, 17 inning, position players pitching and countless laughs & curse words.
wassssuppppp my home skillet biscuit?!:)
One day you will see it has finally all come together.You will look back at what has passed&as yourself "How did I get through all of that?"
Get a room.
yes, like damages but darker. equal quality in production, acting and story.
Please help feed the hungry in our area today through our NBC 15 Share
my name...was on...the case.
$229 round trip and $49 a night for hotel haha
This weather is SICK! Final rally--come celebrate in community with us.
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing "you're fucked" as he passed was just rude
Book your child a gingerbread workshop over winter break while you shop, cook, workout etc!!! Everyone wins!!!
Its my pleasure, Dave. Thank you for the great post! Wishing you a great week ahead!
I know.
That's crazy. I'm wearing cuttoffs and TOMS right now. I must be pretty hot.
I believe our assistive technology can help you. Would you be interested in learning more about it?
Insider network exec says Katie Couric leaving in June. What do you think?
To forgive and accept injustice is cowardice. ~Mohandas Gandhi
about time I know folks who have been on welfare for over 10 years and continue to have babies!
2. User experience (access), 3. A lot of material is still not available online
I absolutely love how Zayn always ends his tweets with 'x.' It's too adorable.
I'm doing well. Figured i would spend some time with my favorite folks tonight
Me, Gabbie, & Sean just squeezed onto the first bus!!! YESS!!!
I think Anthony Davis's unibrow might have superpowers...
CLEARLY someones wasted if they text me sayin "I'm wasteef"...get it together!
Damn Chris Bosh is out! Smh
I want to go home.
We appreciate your support for Dr. Klatt, Jessica.
If you ever need anything, I mean anything! please don't hesitate to ask someone else first....lol
“Apprenticeship Now!”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Alla Zollers,
be quiet cutie
I bet it'll be dope. Instagram that shit when you're done!
is at work! Active and ready to go! On the streets of Houston para El Show de Raul Brindis y Pepito!
it's actually the company you keep
Chris Brown - Sweet Love
S/O 2 for always speaking the truth. "Stop Grappin'"
oh yea its on Wed I thought it was thurs my bad boo well nvm I was going to say come to the palms for a show me n brandon r in
#FF Some of our fav Boston folks
Now that Sarkozy is out it can only mean France automatically got fixed, right? 'Cos he was the problem.
So as a sysadmin I have to ask why compute fibonacci numbers to begin with?
I was earlier!! I think you should sing an adele song!
do they have anything where u live....besides alcohol. Nah ? My bad
Love the muni, just got attacked by a woman on the 45. I need to get a parking spot
I'll be right over ;)
I need another job. Any suggestions?
ill let you know later, I'm kinda complicated with ppl in town. Let me see what's up. I owe you one. Lol
God helps those who help themselves.
Anyone. For. Tchani. Now!
Trying to study while watching #The Voice, its not working out. I really need to turn off this tv
RIP 's #Bent - a smartly written show with a great supporting cast and an absolutely tepid marketing campaign which exhibited neither.
I just got made fun of by for wearing my Vibrim's
Feel sneaky hiding fact I didn't wash my hair today & that's why it's in a bun w/ a cute headband.
Yeah, Sade singing SMOOTH OPERATOR... VERY GOOD MUSIC
Kyle O'Quinn
I do! (Andrew)... it's amazing.
welp, time to sit back and watch the show.
Believe you can wins the Kentucky Oaks!
Hey that suspension is bs and I'm a ravens fan..they should have a flag football league for the commish
“: Omg cannot believe I just found the Latin American Studies office an hour...." everything's coming up roses ;)
The night fairy by laura amy schlitz. I read an actual print book!
Come to our next event!
My mom has no idea I'm currently on my way to surprise her in San Diego. I guess she will when she sees this! And I have surprises!!!!!
Wow that Intel commercial was racist
Today in Literary History: On April 29, 1875 TRANSATLANTIC SKETCHES by Henry James was published.
i DMed you DM me back please
Whiskey. Comedy. Karaoke.
Hey peeps! If you're bombin' around ATX today, be sure to swing by and look for our new threads along with more cool stuff!
follow back sexy ?
is playing fictionary in the library
Sounds like a great idea to us!
You only live twice. Once when you are born and once when you look death in the face
thank you fag!
A New Beginning is now accepting donations. Inquire at the following address:
thanks for the homie and the shout out. I appreciate that for sure
I wish I was "Mr. Corbin, leader of the jazz army." Unfortunately, it's taken. Meanwhile, Columbus and Dick's Den!!
Follow us on the twitterverse! Can't wait to hear from you!
its gonna look great.
When #Focus reaches 500 followers, we'll choose 1 random follower to receive a full page ad in Issue 21 in Focus. RT to your followers!
Yes! Also this one: "Apply tomato sauce to palms. Run hands through hair in swirling motion. Laugh maniacally."
Oh Mia I just adore that competitive side of you!
Win "Dark Shadows" w/ Johnny Depp Midnight Movie passes next on Kiss 97.3
I heart #Scandal. Remember when t.v. was both well written and acted?
I don't make errors
Sometimes you gotta roll
As Republicans turn their back on the Enlightenment GOP is turning into the party of the uneducated: http//:dlvr.it/14RhVL
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants. Can I get into yours?
I just saw the polar express pass my house.(:
fine. if they haven't run out I'll get you one.
Wow! That was too close.
yeah there was no happiness after the fact
Yes! An mini audience could add some punch!
Getting ready for my #edugurusummit presentation!
Dear dad- what kind of food do you think they serve on a UFOs? What do aliens eat?
Hi - left VCM 10AM CST - call when you can... :)
Minn. AG cites Accretive for debt tactics - The Associated Press
Vidal Sassoon may they spread your dandruff & ashes in the sea
6 mOre hours and im back in l.a but my baby ariess keeps me laughing<33
thoughts on a sports digital firm that trains athletes on sm that will eventually build enterprise software on sm training as well
quite possibly true
I need a new bass guitar
can never count out pops but Memphis can upset them again. Them OKC boys got the west this yr. Friendly gentlemens wager?
Come on Ryan Dunn?!? This is not how you're supposed to go out
Someone posted on fb "This song always makes me cry" (The Xmas Shoes). Wanted to comment "Me too... for different reasons."
Who pays attention to Cher? She thought Mt Rushmore was a natural occurance.
He's been a Rocket for like 30 minutes & he's quickly becoming one of my favorite Rockets ever. RT : camby is a monster
How was the show? ;D
Thanx xoxo RT : good for you!!! RT Feels greats over 2 weeks w/out a smoke, I think. Stoppd keepin track.
Not anymore :'(
it looks like a nail biting experience 
I can't dm my phone being weird so ill just tweet it!
Looking for people to tryout our workouts for free, DM if interested. Join the future of fitness.
And how bizarre that anyone does!
My techer says "yeah" after like every sentence lmao
#FF (my favorite follows)
Let's go Thunder!
Absolutely! Great content, glad to pass it along!
I just want to remind everyone that you're beautiful!:)
it couldn't happen til next year, he'll be away until October
I'll kick the crap outta Clayton.
The single most important factor in the success of a company is its people. It all starts with you as the entrepreneur and flows from...
I'm jelly beans about your pizza aroma! Excited for your wedding too!! Hope to see ya soon :-)
recovering from the bloodshed last night.I still hold the title.Im still the champ.
Free agent pitcher Jason Marquis agreed to a 1 year deal worth $3 million with the Minnesota Twins
These cupcakes are freakin delicious!!!!
Eagles always my team, but I'll enjoy watching the Broncos this year.
If Bob Harlan were still in charge, I might agree. But today's #Packers don't seem to be as image conscious as Harlan was.
Paul vs Bachman. I like it!
playing 20 questions just opens doors to interesting opportunities!
My man , I'm looking for that PT session. Holla.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. –Ken Venturi
Interesting ": I want to be Kanye West when I grow up."
RT : Things moving so fast at , I forget to stop and thank all the great people we have. So THANK YOU!
...#SWAG Bitch
I'd be wasted every day of my life
:') you made me cry
im reading dis book call up 2 no good dis hoe good aszx hell best of them all.,! Grown Folks Books Is What I Read :)
TheDevilInside premire was crazy yesterday! Saw it at 12:30am yesterday night(;
It was sunny today when I got here. At what point did Gmork and the Nothing show up?
oh there you are!! It's beautiful!!
After last night I feel like the #Cards have already won! But what the heck let's win it all!
BSF and this project going to own the summer.
no sleep O.o
no problem :)
Our reporter Clay Duda () is tweeting from a juvenile justice conference today. Follow him and/or the hashtag #JJconf for updates.
You're sending us an invite? Thank you so much! If you're downtown please come by our place anytime!
not my fault you live way up north there ey, in the frozen tundra. :)
Well it's past midnight on the east coast so...Happy Andy Day!!! Err...I mean Mother's Day!!
U know what is awesome, I just passed up a street called shenandoah. They even reppin that doah in d-town.....bbbwwwwaaaaahhh!
hope your week is rockin!
At school learning these trade and generic drugs in phamacy class
That ball that hit in the top of the 5th looked like it 1-hopped the #Warehouse at #CamdenYards. #Yankees up 3-2.
Shanon Harper for his performance in "Welcome to Pine Hill." (2 of 3)
Gas tank on ---- what's new. The fact that I'm running late and in traffic is really making me less stressed. Not
fuck i feel sick
I have this strange feeling that I am the only person on my team not interviewing at this moment. Its a little strange.
Enjoy! Thanks again for the business.
Thanks! Hope to do a "sneak preview" screening in late february. Please become a fan on facebook to hear about time and date.
getting ready for work
About to attend a brand new writer's group. Nervous and excited to meet everyone.
and full fridge
YAY! See you tomorrow!!
Sad that political divisiveness dissuades us from acting on issues such as "Climate change" that threaten our very way of life.
well, that is a great tie!
Watching the Happy Easter!
My bro needs to hurry up and get home.
Only thing that could save the Slam Dunk: Siamese Twin midgets trampoline dunking (two balls) over the cast of the Brady Bunch.
One more day until 2012. It is going to be a great year!
We will be teaming up with Bilotta Kitchens 3/29 to hold our Alternative Materials for Countertops seminar. DM for more details!
good for you :-)
M the lab samples we tasted yesterday were delicious! Just a little more tweaking!
Santa Monica in the spring, still too cold for my taste!
Kembe X, Alex Wiley, and face tat
At K + 14th NW. Four guys in suits are carrying large boxes of food and a table. Should I follow them?
looking for auction items for Oct. 3rd, handcrafted items call 414-562-6100
Hey #GIANTS fans like him or not he gave us everything. BRANDON JACOBS on twitter:
Honestly im goin crazy thinkin im questioning everything in my life
:) um allrighty then
you're welcome. Looking forward to reading more of your great tweets!
thank you sir! rocking good company.
“: #IfSheMeansALotToYou offer to buy her a huge farm, big trucks, and anything cute and fluffy.”
Wow is this day/week over yet <3
Need help branding your music? Join me tonight at 8:30 pm CST to learn branding tips that can help you get noticed!
And now I just realized, I could probably have gotten a pass for free through work. Oh well. It's only $65.
Is Facebook places the death of 4square? Thinking about it last night after watching Social Network seems inevitable that FB wins
First workout since Vegas and STL Mardi Gras. This is gonna hurt
Did you Know? The average woman smiles about 62 times a day! A man? Only 8. Kids laugh around 400 times a day. Adults...just 15!
Don't tell me about ur accomplishments, tell me ur vices raahaahaa (serpent laugh)...
