That should have been a big #FF theatre shout out to for all the great entertainment news around L.A!
everyone should be requesting so many girls by Khleo Thomas on the radios!
#FF for some design inspiration:
4 performances of TAPE left (Thurs -Sat). Don't miss this amazing play by Stephen Belber. Get tix at www.tapenyc.com
nah mane haha. I have swam a real practice since last summer bro.
What do think about Saints Head Coach Sean Payton and his suspension for Bounties?
Last meeting of my Authorship and Anonymity Senior Seminar. What a great class. It will be missed!
you look so great! Best profile pic ever!
Questions and Answers about the upcoming RAW graduate student conference are at the hashtag
She would have lost to any other politician but Mitt!
I just shattered the entire screen of my phone :( now I'm trying to use it & I'm getting glass in my fingers :( seriouslyy want to cry
what is happening today....too nice not to be outside...
In Harrisburg for a reunion with my frilly dresses girl!
Lmfaooooo he wont
- Look for your free add on RichmondNightOut.com next week and let us know if you want to post specials or coupons !!
RT Do not ask me about the NFL's new overtime rules. They are confusing as hell!
The battle begins as soon as you open your eyes in the morning.
I ain't a beeeeitch. You're the beeeeeitch.
It's always nice to get a morning phone call from grandma.
I cant wait to see !!!!! She's opening the show with David guetta!
Yeah, that's ridiculous.
Did the earthquake shake you up? Come in tonight to practice and shake it out!
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
Time to start a new life new ppl new friends
Way to
Would love to help bring home the bacon with for
Our St. Patrick's Day showcase is around the corner. $5 cover, 6 acts, and plenty of good times! plectrumentertainment.com for more info
Watching Supernatural before bed, now Friends. Goodnight <3
Refreshing spa massage bar sold out......... woo hoo. Craft show hot buy.
“: All of Israel Are Responsible for 1 Another”. That would be more responsibilities than there are particles in the universe.
will you be on the floor tomorrow? Love to show you the
USA downs Finland in an impressive manner, 5-0, Howard with the shutout. The US is in the Quarters.
Thank God for these blessings.
No problem at all hun. ^^
From the Irish word seamrog, meaning “little clover,” the shamrock was regarded by early Celts as a charm against evil spirits.
you need to put that card back in your wallet.
High scorer so far here in the first half.
Considering alternate meanings of "MFA"...Must Feel Awful. Mind Failing Always. Might Fall Asleep. Mighty Fine Alcoholism...Others?
this wine is SO good. Fumf muscato.
it is storming outside!!!! Lol
I'm going for vacation in July o:)
cuz u use to.always ..look at del on twitter...nigga look at you. lol
Happiness:Something that we decide ourselves.There r alot of reasons 2 b unhappy,but we choose 2 b happy because it makes us feel alive!
Listening to some big band swing Jazz...
lol catch up bro you a nigga you gotta get tatted the fuck up
Can vacation time be cashed out in Europe, as it can be done in the US?
RT : Rep. Stacey Abrams, Georgia House Minority Leader, is speaking to
Mike Milbury called the rangers the 'blueshits' on live tv.
My songs are about my experiences. So don't get offended when all my songs are about "our [now ended] friendship" & the pain i went through.
hit me your line ain't working
I think your a great actress! You help show that Mexicans can do anything! :D (btw lov ur last name ;)
Man I don`t even feel like singing anymore
Spirit, show me the right thing to do. Show me the path you intend and give me the courage to walk it.
oh she think she grown?
"social justice and civil rights issues" Understood and excellent causes indeed. I find myself wanting to photograph same.
what are you doing with a cow?
Tonight a live interview with Jane Pauley. What would you like to ask her? Live
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
I'm going to Syracuse
"Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better."
Our latest show is up and available on iTunes and !
you know you got to have those biscuits with the gravy lol
Fort Atkinson strikes for three in the first and three in the third and leads 6-0 in the bottom if the third
Would love being at Central Park with her boy crazy attitude would make the walking so entertaining!!
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in General Nonfiction: Imperial Japan at its Zenith. Celebrating its 2,600th anniversary.
I said in the piece that if China's your bag, definitely learn Chinese, but it's not a *world* language, at least not yet.
More #easywisdom - The best way to manage your time is to use it as efficiently as possible.
i need the Hunger Games Movies ryt now!
I'll need to come visit my rum. And that.
with or without sauce?
thanks! And get those Brewers straightened out for me. They're not impressing me too much yet this season.
Volume 14.17 is out ready for workshops tonight. This week we have writers from Miami and San Bernardino, go Beat!
#FF Effective information on student loan debt that gets rid of creditors and collection agencies.
I hope you get a seat! Happy Monday! :)
#ThatOnePerson You Loose Track Of Time With <3
you have hbo??
Join me TONIGHT at 9pE, 8pC, 7pM, 6pP for our LIVE Corporate Updates Call 877.313.2651 / pin: 3359756# Free, Unlimited Talk, Text, and Web
what happened to that picture? It's half purple
Gooooaaaaal! Let's go USA!
All right tweeter back to the task at hand
Anybody have a link handy to a good article about best practices for leading a large hashtag discussion?
Wild first half in Waco!!
Can't sleep
Do U ENT and club Aurum will be sponsoring The Gymanimals one year anniversary charity celebration!! They believe in giving back!!
“: Forget What You Want, And Remember What You Deserve.”
need leadership to say that unacceptable to have homeless on the streets
- Thank you! I'll take all the positive reinforcement I can get!
Making changes on my research paper is kind of tedious. But it does sound much better afterward. Thank god. Bring on an A!
Weed brownies and blunts (=
agreed and agreed. MT Vastly more interested in Top Chef than Top Artist. &Every other flag sucks compared to the Texas Flag.
PLEASE ROBERT FOLLOW ME! YOU're VERY SEXYY!!!! $
you and can share everything behind the front row, which I'll be occupying
I don't want a fairytale, I'd rather write my own story...
ok will do!
Bfast Burrito Wednesday.
I can't wait for some Baseball!
You certainly are quite entertaining! No salt for you...
I <3 our Rug Doctor. It made for a productive Sunday afternoon.
make sure you get all the black VWs under the L tracks...
How do you deal with that? How close has one ever gotten? As I'm now hearing thunder outside
I always thought Pacquaio looked like a neanderthal but I didn't know he was actually one.
If someone said take me to your leader...who would you take them to/
I'm ready to see the #BOYFRIEND video!(:
Now that's a good looking screen!
Answer: Whales. Good thing there isn't too much call for whale hunting in that state.
Here we go Modesto! Miss Nelson is Missing for the 10th time this week! Somebody find that bitch.
ok Whisky it is.
how long does a person stay on follow limit? i want to follow directioners back but i cant!!:(
Pls help me identify the ChickFilA exec who decided not need to sell coleslaw at ATL airport.
thank you :) are you from germany??
Another podcast has been posted on our home page, find out more info about you can help Haven Source! www.havensource.org
Today is one of those days where I feel like my heart has been steamrollered but life goes on doesn't? Here's hoping tom is better...
RokkinCat field trip!
come on be nice.....please
Lame press release subject of the day: "Sublime With Rome announces summer tour dates"
Flicked a teabag smack dab in the middle of the crevis of 's cleavege
booked a play - yay
I just realized that I'm eating my lunch for tomorrow.
yes, I received it. Thank you for sending it over. You will have the email by tonight!
On FB, I was viciously and verbally attacked by people claiming to be my "Friends". Ha Twitter is 100% better!
Its funny how ppl are quick 2 run to u wit open arms when they need sutmn but cant be there when u need em #real talk
You know you found a good eye doctor when he brings up the Indiana Soccer team :)
Great minds!! :)
Dear rain... Thanks for happening during #sxsw is this bc Rick Perry prayed for you?
I expected my microwaved sandwich, nothing more. Back to starbucks tomorrow...
so bored but I don't really want to go out. this heat is making me lazier than I already am. and it's making me sleepy too. what to do /:
And yes, I am genuinely excited about free dish soap & a sponge, because I ran out of Dawn & my old sponge smells like post-Katrina NOLA.
I love u please follow back please
#CES following the live awards! Enjoy!
I caught you runnin ahead of the crowd i chased but never thought ide catch you
I see them D: I want to be the sand under their bodies Jackie!!
Sometime people will hate you, rate you , shake you & break you. But how strong you stand is what MAKES you!
lookin to shoot a music video, short film, feature, commercial etc holl at me!! can do it. Email us::
Don't sweat the small stuff. It will still be successful.
Ping pong tourny starts at 7pm. Happy hour all night long!
Make no mistake, Satan is real. He understood fully the plan he rejected and knows exactly what is required of all Gods children.
I'm still unsure what that is,but I'm super excited
#thingsaboutmymommy my mommy is 😱 of 🐭
I just got profoundly sad for this generation of young women who don't have Angela Chase and Daria Morgendorfer as role models.
So bored. I could be doing homework.......but we all know i wont.
RT - Cute boys in Indians hats = my weakness.
gotta be a sign! And they doubt STEELERS are America's Team! HERE WE GO!!! luv ya Troy.
"The ultimate acting is to destroy yourself." - Klaus Kinski
Integrity is the lifeblood of effective leadership.
At the half the trail 33-3 to the WTXRoughnecks...
There seems to be a consensus that Belltown Pizza is the best "last stop" ;-) Good news is it's in my building!!
oops. Wrong tweet. I suck at multitasking.
my fav beer. Still have two bottles from last time they bottled.
And Burberry print.
The new MTV show, Money From Strangers, is hilarious.
Just taped some breaks on KPBS-TV children's programming....Stay tuned...
I wanna feel the brotherly and sisterly cause but not at the expense of my job. Seems a bit self mutilating. Oh well
how come the person, who isn't been talk to 'seem to have all the answers`?
I'll move to Paris, shoot some heroin and fuck with the stars
oh hell no lol
yea anyone can see he's gonna be world class
Weaksauce with weaksprinkles... Although I enjoyed "Tube Atlantic" to a certain degree for it's brief dark moments. Raju!
BACK TO LA WE GO!
Grades Looking good so far now I just have to FINISH
Certainly. Although my android phone is only so-so camera-wise.
Last day at the Martin County Fair. Come out and see us!
FUCK this phone call makes me realize that i need to pass my math class n it makes me super nervous.
"Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal." - Pamela Vaull Starr
> The ppl associated with #HBO #Girls will face what a bringdown this waste of time was/is, hitting New Lows for tv.
Maybe he needs to apologize for drinking Jo Bu's rum.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit
apparently God wants my mom to get juviderm? lol...
So, who is excited for 70 degree weather this weekend?
Happy Birthday Scuzzle Butt
yes this is very fun
Tomorrow is Tuesday and Wednesday comes afterwards
It's too beautiful outside to stay home going outside again..byee twitter :*
Good Morning Bitches :-)
Livin' the dream.
men lie, women lie, numbers dont, i see that
Officially a certified mixologist.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT1
Happy Friday!
S/O to all my new followers
I hate the fact that people is really making bull shit and calling it hip hop
Learn a new song or write a new song?
A lazy sunday !
oh..check out my earlier bus edition :) "tail whippin" hee hee
Can't wait to rock 19th Hole Tonight in the Woodlands!!! Come rock with us!
I'm dying right now
M! Come have a Watermelon Wednesday with PPSS!
i love this dude
I think it's great that you want to share these unreleased projects with us! How could anyone dislike the guy who did Paparazzi??
and new friends at A Day For Hooray!
thanks for the reminder! We're green enough
that is hot would love to lol to bad we aint in same state lollol
what sort of writing?
Niccas need to learn that they’re better off telling the truth right away, because we will always find out eventually.
Blue Moon Drafts are just $2 all day today. Enjoy!
S/O to all my followers^^^^ Thanks for the support!
Oakland Ave construction
#ICONicGirlzShouldGOOnTour should trend!
Stanleys this Sat. HICKORY ROBOT, Sassy, & Blue Caboose. Hells to the yeah.
Really don't need these long speeches by Villaraigosa and Ed Reyes
Taco shells made out of Doritos? Genius.
Oh, hey new Ryan Gosling movie trailer, I WILL WATCH YOU NOW.
thank you :)
“: I still wanna see Think Like a Man”
your parents are awesome. Too bad i didn't realize they were your parents, i would have bought them another shot.
I love Betty White's outfit.
Join the #Danceoff party tonight at 8pm EST and win prizes!
Have a great show tonight if you can, champ. (guarantee night + place to stay = Sittin' good?
Going to officially start my Why #Swarthmore essay now. Let's see how long it takes for my first sentence.
hit me up boy! <3
Incidentally, that Parrish article that Btown Banners tweeted earlier is hilarious and fun. Take a look.
Clustering is one way to address obstacles to identifying programs of study of current students.
Yes, anywhere with a $20 or more order
#itsawesomewhen i can't find a damn job...
60 degree weather:)
You made it! Yay!
You are wonderful because you are a human, doing this thing called life with the rest of us. That is enough!
Opening May 19th RT : Whats on your plate tonight? Support local farmers & food producers. Keep your food $$ local.
I tried really hard to understand why... and it took awhile to see... But once I did... Continued next tweet
5 dollar gas. Korean War. Russia threatening "devastating" war. Iran enriching nuclear materials. School shootings. GREAT LIFE hahaha xD
Well.. Your very welcome!! :D <333
I am following you :) its nice to meet you
like Idk the date of the month and yea like a day
Had a great meeting with Whether you love to paint or never have, you need to check them out
Freakin' Frog in Las Vegas, NV tonight!
Its been a crazy but good week! =D And Sheltered By Skies just wrote some fantastic material =]
you're in Texas, go with the shiner bock!
Someone (in the industry) recently said, "I guess we're nearing the part of our life where we have to get a real job." I looked confused.
hahaha well I guess coffee will have to work then.
Powers out so what do me and do? Listen to call me maybe duhh
Any San Diego wedding vendors have recommendations for bridal shows? Which shows are good? Which should I avoid?
I guess "LeBron missed key free throws" will be trending soon. Wake up, he's playing ridiculous right now.
Trying out something suggested with settings layout at If it goes wrong, he buys me Raclett at djangocon.eu
HAPPY BDAY to the SEXYEST girl on TWITTER!!! Enjoy Vegas! Hope u feel better
You have to wonder if he'd ever have had the idea if not for Lisp.
#LetsBeBlunt yu can not sign up fa 401k or file taxes if yu sell drugs
Currently "off" red meat & considering eating a mango...what a hippie.
So I 90 is closed. on the westbound side. due to an avalanche. But its I wait here nicely .... I'm gonna making to Seattle tonight baby!!!!
Ha, no worries man. I'll have to check that one out and see what all the fuss was about.
10th: MyPlanetA by et al- app: users earn pts for green hotel & dining choices + get discounts in return
i want one! but no small?
Not that I didn't love batman just has too hard. Hold on loosely. Why am I awake? Please send help.
Every time they say "Whitney Houston," take a shot. #toosoon?
Dang ! Dee said she love you and she know you love her back !
I miss you !
The reason why there are so many traffic accidents is because the process of obtaining and maintaining a driver's license is way too simple.
real shit. ha they are hella sneaky too..
First twat ever!!! Nothing interesting but I'm trying...
many times am I gonna have to tell you that I have that #OneThing that your looking for.:)
- used facebook - chat mode primarily to insure friends and family were okay during the storm.
I would have to say that the blue shirt with the clouds is my faviort shirt that you guys have
Hanging at the beach
Awhh yeaahh! Im editor for organizations next year for the yearbook with one of my friends!
that's what's up. I'm on writing hiatus for a few days. In in your hood watching game. You got good eats? Lol.
ADIK! stop kacau me u know i boring but u make me so boring u know~!
I Come In Lookin Like A Zombie or Some Shit lol
Have you done any new tracks with Dmx? That intro to LAX was dope!!!!
We all love Peacock and and we'll try some simple editing that could solve this "interesting" songs controversy.
My new license plate has a "HH" in it and all I can think of is Reppin' without trying. That's what's up.
All ya raps Lil B tracks ha ha ha ha ha TRASH
thanks man :)
Back in conshy!
Hooray for profile sprucings! -- I dig the new look. :-)
This should be a good one. Saw Hollenback at the Cornelia St Cafe a few years back and he is amazing.
do what I said n he will promise
Good morning! So glad to hear that :) What have you been up to? RT : Good morning, im so enjoying my time in Vegas :) ^AP
Amish Cheeseheads? That was weird.
I just want my brother home now...
I am ready for the leaves to start falling and cooler temps....not ready for darkness to fall sooner.
Does anyone still have the book ishmael? from european history that i could borrow?
RIP Jani Lane
"Don't call it Frisco, only losers call it Frisco" -House of Lies
Please explore the creepy virginity pledge ritual that many fathers make daughters do. Started in the 80s, now a big here.
good movie
Thanks! Have a good day!!
You think you can survive a day with only $5? (Only towards food, NOTHING else)
Maine's electricity rates are 42% over the national average
that sounds fabulous! It's a gorgeous day, perfect for strolling :)
ok, thanks.
Me? I don't complain about TEXT every day. Matter of fact, I don't complain most days about anything!!
James Loney has absolutely mastered the art of the soft grounder to 2B... He is by far the best & most consistent in the league.
America Needs Energized !!
Indeed! Enjoy your meal. RT : Nice heading to for dinner on Thursday, my VP has good taste
Glad, , for your follow!
let me think of something completely vapid to say
This doctor better be nice. I'm not the easiest to work with.
Watched your In Plain Sight special on HowardTV: thought you were great on there! Congrats, I'm really happy for you
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets!
LATW loved #NormanCorwin, a great friend, writer and artist.
Study party at #TheBarracks Admission fee is a red bull for me!
Good God, man, you're delirious.
Learning how to learn is life's most important skill.
Shes selfish n jealous from low self esteem. We R supposed to care about shyt like that n ASK.
Less drama more MONEY $$$$!!!! Follow if u feel me
Call me a party pooper, but I hate having to dress according to theme. Unless it's a t-shirt-and-jeans theme.
hope is a crazy awesome thing.
Biggest red flag? Weddings.
Can me and Bailey get married ?
Happy. Just Happy.
dam this aint right. well i guess u guys need prac. only fair
we would definitely love to. We may be doing some touring on late July/early August, hit us up w venues and good locals!
What did I say that got the bots all bouncy? Go away, bots!
Just sat next to Jeff van Gundy and Stan van Gundy at dinner.
Sadness! just canceled our morning live interviews for the parade! Breaking news. The parade will be grand!
Spending my afternoon doing some much needed accounting and writing emails.
#Bees create complete proteins (just like humans) by obtaining amino acids from pollen from multiple plant species.
Just visited the Glendale location. Love the staff and food!
Holiday Hound Up starts at 2! Bring your pooch for treats, pics, raffle and a merry little stroll-:)
I have to find a place where they give piano lessons. In need of a new pastime.
I hate Words With Friends -.-
The wait is over! #glee returns TONIGHT @ 8/7c!
Congrats on your win! When and where do you guys play again?
For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are My ways higher than your ways, and My thoughts than your thoughts. -Isaiah 55:9
#icantstand when girls blow up my phone
I love it when I have more brilliant ideas than I thought I did...
how sure are you? Because if it's true I'm forsure waiting
Need help with a problem? Shoot me an e-mail at
It's like I always say, a good paralipsis hard to find.
thanks following back
A6: If you are selling durable goods an appropriate secondary would be review or social share.
Watched the #followyomusicvideo! It was amazing! My boys , , and did a FANTASTIC job!
LOL!! RT : Oh cute! There's a little naked child streaking across the park! Holy crap, that's Thing 2!
Oh how wonderful for Christopher Plummer and his life of acting! You are never too old to be amazing!
I love A. Yay for car breaking down and someone coming to my rescue! :-)
Love reading your happy, positive tweets, Jessica! Happy Easter to you and your Family! Blessings, Suzanne :)
Sorry, I didn't have the space for everything. Loved Royko as a kid.
Time for a power nap, then work all day.
South Carolina. Lol so r u twenty?
Truth, I became an apple fanatic and converted a few because of Steven P. Jobs. He will be missed! Incredible business man and visionary!
LOVE the picture...love the people in it!!!!
Frustrated/studying for my Bus. Assoc. final & my gf walks into the house with a soy hazelnut latte & singing "Songbird" - That's love <3
Shout out to for being so sweet and checking on me even though she doesn't have to! 💜💜💜
#thoughtsduringschool everything except school
Classical gems are gift from Conway Symphony guest conductor - Log Cabin Democrat
But what if you have to tell someone something that might be upsetting or even make that person angry?
#KansasCityUrbanFashionFest l All-Industry workshop l Saturday June 2nd follow for details
can you imagine no first dance, freeze-dried romance, five-hour phone conversation... the best soy-latte you have ever had, and-me!!
“: #Libras make & live by their own rules.”what u said
Who is watching the Woman NCAA Championship?
Oh man, don't tell me you're an iPhone guy? Bo! heh.
;) love it! I'm LKS (laughing kinda soft...in case my mic is up)
Good morning! It's Thursday, and it's crunch time, baby. =)
Everyone likes a challenge, especially when you know you will win..
oh okay.
its 10am, im already on my third breakfast and im not even hungover, wtf.
Aw! A year ago today I had my "True You" book signed by Miss Jackson! ♥
I hope you both have a great time! I'm very excited about it.
To others it is an opportunity to grow stronger
ONE More!!
I'm done now for real
that's the twitter version. happy to give longer if you wish..
Also, I'm not sure why anyone would be surprised by Hunter stepping down. That seemed like a foregone conclusion.
There are still tix available for todays event w/ Kirk Cameron & Starts at 3p at Calvary Temple 30th & Post
good to know thanks
Have a great day!!
I do not, nor have I ever, owned a peignoir. Or a Renoir.
The nerve! Bitch you are an "Error"! Signed Me.
well, maybe 12 years :P I'm sure he let's you know in other ways too. Haha. Me, jealous??? No, I don't want cuddles with Travis!!
I'd probably nab Fleener depending on your roster
lol. Because they're cool people and they give me free tea. They also have ibuprofen for those rough days.
what the heck man, you gotta call me when you're in town next time!
Didn't realize Adventures in Lib Land was recorded via Skype. Post-production point is well-taken, for the asynchronous model
and it's been awhile
Awww, thanks Frederick! How are you?
Love #MNF playing a little Grateful Dead heading out of the commercial break live from Candlestick.
For sure man! Let's do it again real soon!
My friends mock me for my old school Chuck Yeager flight sim ways, but eff them. Forward with the stick is Down!
napped. now workout time.
Hahahaha. When we tour. ;)
At church waitingg for it to start ... Mane its been years !
It's like the adult version of putting your name on a lunchbox.
So not only is the NFC West already one of the best divisions in the NFL, but all 4 teams are young and full of talent.
I'm just looking for a burrito, bro.
we figure more people service their cars each year than buy new ones. What would you suggest?
Only the Spanish version.
Rather than kicking yourself for moments lost, embrace the memories you have.
How many pieces of gum?
yeah i know right!!!!!! so not really excited.........lol
But succeeding in good measure by being the voice of the immensely smart Center for Psychosocial/Transcultural Society. [+]
Happy Birthday RuRu !!
cruel?? ok whatever. You can call me mommy as long as it can make you happy
#21CRadio Q2 What sources did you get music news from 5 years ago that you still use today?
nobody likes you.
Thanks for the follow!
I'd say the goal posts move continually. Those holding hard positions have no where to go.
Written today in 1942, BE NO CHURCH TONIGHT, a Guthrie cowrite -
There's only one day of the week when I don't have dance - Saturday. And yet I still do barre at home on those days.
is going to Denver.
Liked the pictures of Kelowna! 's lifetime friend, Ray Greene, had his life saved at Kelowna Hospital ... (;-)
Happy Birthday week! yipee :-)
Facebook iPhone app / your suckitude is epic / you are made of fail #haiku (via )
HULK SMASH.
Awww what a nice day to go and talk a walk in El Paso!(:
Great game!
Bob is the logical choice since "pop culture phenom" is far too wordy.
Meant to tweet #2012c19 "Mark Twain and Comparative Racialization" roundtable on this account; forgot, used instead.
Cool, but am I missing something? Why do people still FAX?
yeeeauh then in the music video when the boys are singing paul will always be in the background awkwardly dancing(:
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh -- at yourself. - Ethel Barrymore
I knew I was getting on the crazy train...I just didn't know it didn't stop!
The boogey man checks his closet for chuck norris :D
id take matt hassleback over colt mccoy anyday. instant upgrade if he comes here.
A job search can make you want to just go sell beer in Cancun, so it’s alt-ack! week. I’ll tweet friends' fav fantasy jobs #altack!
“Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.” -Albert Einstein
Happy V day first song at 12 this girl is gonna love her man
Republican-Independent Billionaire Nyc Mayor Bloomberg Plan to Closed Down Public School to Make More Private Schools for Profit.
haha! How do you know I didn't hit Taco Bell?!? *clear throat and whispers Black Bean Vegetable*
check out read and review my new book Vanilla's Ladies follow me read my blog for a free preview x
I know! :) I was so excited.
Dont chase a guy that you want, chase a guy that wants you.
“Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.”
Hah! Hooray for extra niceness! :)
I might have to take that offer :) haha
Yikes! Where are you? I'm glad you're okay.
why i have no shirt on :(
Hee hee no, he couldn't be a decent human being.
Big weekend plans? Perfect as a quick snack, a healthy lunch or at your next gathering, get Banzai Sushi delivered straight to your door!
I say what you say is what I say
you could have saved the salmon!!!
Work to build a sustainable, equitable future for Wisconsinites.
Love talking with you guys - always makes me think hard about my motivations...
The south park Angels vs Demons battle was the best fight scene ever.
yeah- thanks for the great list, Kate. A few on there I had inadvertently neglected.
“: I think they're long horns or an old breed of Scottish cows,” no wonder I like them- my family is from Scotland!! :)
Oh no! Apparently I got on Girls Gone Wild over Spring Break...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME
#np wild boy
just go indie!
Uuhh duh! Hell yeah! RT : Trying to decide if I should do Vegas for my birthday
I trust Cano than anyone on this lineup to get me a hit
Script turned in. Hopped up on no sleep, whiskey, red bull, Jim Thompson prose for 'We Need to Talk About Kevin.'
My squad bigg boys
Dead Confederate has just taken the stage @ Natty Greene's bash @ Hamburger Sq. Come on down - we're partying 'til 11p!
Supplement your professional reading with history and biography regardless of your field.
Your acting in Jumping the Broom may have been imperfect to you as the artist. But to us... Perfection! It served its purpose. Entertainment
#GoTribe Quick Sweep=complete #rolltribe Lowe was fantastic!! 3 homers also impressive!!
Hey Ashley! Saw that you followed us.
The girl I'm talking to is their cousin. Her aunt is Lisa.
fucktastic old school show tonight. Butterglory was a real highlight. Used to see them play in Lawrence all the time.
Show tomorrow night! Chillin on some coors and poolage! Cya tomorrow Baltimore get ready!
Thanks for the return one! All is good. Hope things are well in your world!
Yes!Thats what i thought!Cause everyone know that is mine!c; <3 Lol
Will be on FOX News tomorrow morning during the 11:00 hour.
I'm a serious bitch at certain times
Cool. We have a Drupal site that's been using analytics since launched. Just wanting to know what's being shared and where. :-)
This day is excruciatingly long...knowing that I'll be driving a Lamborghini around a race track on Thursday. Next 2 days are gonna draaagg.
birthday cake yummy(:
BC its girl concentrated maybe the chemicals with the HPV immunizations. I know someone w/the immun. gets sezures.
Ugh. Even the wind is hot.
I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me 10
these idiots still have not received the message - bipartisanship or sink into political disgrace!!!
We're not afraid of Wet Wednesday. Farmers Market 11-2 today. Produce, Eggs, Fresh Fish, Honey, Breads, Cookies, Pretzels. COVERED AREAS!
If the FG was good, why did we see not a single Boise St. player arguing the call, especially the kicker?
someone posts one gif.tv link and within minutes the infection has spread through the skype tubes and the whole office is doing nothing
Fill in the blank: If I could only eat one Chick-fil-A meal for the rest of my life it would be _____.
ENDEAVOUR HAS LIFTOFF!!!
. we need these for #sangriafest2012..goes well with piggy Stardust,.
With nothing to look forward to, life just isn't as fun.
I'm grateful to God truly for my home in North Summerlin.
Alright. Just teasing. says my Life Color is whatever color grumpy is....
Benefit concert for #Japan. I'd like Groupon to sponsor it, make it a featured deal & give all proceeds to relief...please.
People getting clean water for the first time in their lives...that's pretty cool, yah? Thank you video from
let's get this party started! What time is it there?
That awkward moment half way up the stairs when you realize you went downstairs with your iPad and don't have it now.
I get that.. I do
WE LIVE RIGHT NOW ON www.microphonebully.com MBTV IS THE NUMBER 1 ONLINE VIDEO SHOW
dunno which is is a bigger waste of time lol
Great news this afternoon, My second book is available on createspace, and will be available on amazon shortly. U can be the first to order
Children are not yet indoctrinated into cultural conventions and appear to be intrinsically programmed to reinvent the world around them.
no one gets me like <3
haha no! I will put my damn name on those if I have to!
Rt : Another hint that the Assembly may keep going for a long time - just saw someone delivering pizza to their offices.
Time is rolling tonite!
I don't have a blog :-( but I'd look at it!
The two awesome Whedon papers I tweeted earlier today were by
2. Keep up to date with software patches 3. use security software
Arm feels like jelly. Total shot
I HATE recording voice mail greetings.
New Music: DJ Klem Presents Isaac Geralds – Number One | Bella ...
enjoy! is a great community partner of .
“: Virginia Tech picks up a roughing the punter to give the Wolverines a free first down.” makes up for the PI no-call
yea hosting
"the site you are trying to visit is unsafe" when I click on it #abort!
This makes me so happy.
Question for NFL fans: should the Chargers have kept LT for the remainder of his illustrious career?
I know some that are liberal and kind and live by what I would say are good ideals, but they are sadly few.
An early #FF to my fellow Kindle Book Review crew
i was pushing so hard ...watt came out of me was so long fred flestone clocked out of work
The First 48 is intense.
my ear hurts.. stupid ear..
Wow, thank you so much! You just made my Friday. :) And thanks for supporting !
yeah but the piece is published. They're online, I'm online. I kinda want the discussion online.
On break til 8.... thinking I might make a Taco Bell run!!!
Dumb niggas hustle for HOE'S, young niggas hustle for CLOTHES & real niggas hustle for GOALS
yes you do lol
RT : Glad to be apart of it man. Your a hell of a QB real talk.. look forward to continue working with you brotha
no worries! See you soon :)
I am regretting this friendship a little. I thought it was a bit early in our chatting for that kind of baggage.
I love you too
Sorry to be breaking the record up a bit but I'll have a new single coming to you in the very near future.
In Life You Have Eyes On The Front Of Your Head instead Of The Back, So You Can Look Twords the Future & Not At The Past Behind you..
ha, I can only imagine. My old client (iRobot) has a lot...
RT GOODBYE DICK CLARK! YOU ONLY MAN IN AMERICA WHO ABLE TO DROP BALL AND MAKE IT LOOK GOOD!
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!
Eating is the thing I do best! RT You know what rocks? Eating.
this app is kinda wierd lol i'm going to get used to it later though :)
happy v day
(cont'd)...In order to help facilitate this, we suggest using the hashtag #CCinKC on Saturday to communicate on twitter for game-goers.
is now offering specials on Foursquare! Be sure to check in during your next oil change.
Fuuuuucked up with my bitch ☺
Cops everywhere tonight fuck!
yea sure bring it lmao
Did you go shopping yet? I'll have to check my statement to see if AmEx lived up to their promise.
Houston Texans waive wide receiver Jacoby Jones after 5 seasons, just 31 catches in 2011
stimulus package where da money at..
He wasn't even playing ETB effects to actively kill people, but he kept hitting his recursion and Avenger of Zendikar.
3 years ago changed address while moving all people on the account to a our current address.
when what happens?
I've asked about you & they told me things , but my mind didnt change . i stil the feel the same .
Niggas cnt rap no more, they just be sexy nd make they shit sound good!!
I wish people wouldn't die, especially the closest ones.
thats a good way to put it. i have not found anybody good enough =] im glad you did, how is steven?
I think I will never get used to listening mrs right on the radio.
whatcha playing? :D
yes we [my fam & i] are excited to. We're also thrilled it's been picked up for a 2nd season already!!!!
Kind of slept on getting a room for ALA in Anaheim. Any tips or suggestions?
Can't wait til Saturday! 😍☺
haha see thats why we are dedicated! I even made a DVD insert for it
It seems like everything you've done/seen in the past 2 days has been the absolute best/coolest. stop taking E
We need PolitiFact for local elections. Maybe grant funded. -
Hey dude i love your band!
and attempted to record music tonight....garage band + red wine + no tyler = fail.
Two unanswered questions in NBA jersey sponsorship debate: League or team sales? A revenue-sharing model?
grammar is fun.
Ugh. I hate being sick.
love a good deal when i can find it, thanks
Watched four episodes of #NewGirl in a row. Good day.
Of course I am! You obviously haven't read my tweets first. But that's behind us now. Ha ha ha
ohh, and its always a case of luck when you search PCHs search engine. They have the results show up that a lot of others dont.
I am all about money!! Lol
nop next time
Excellent idea
Middle East tonight at 11. Pass it on. Ps No squares.
miss 15mos just showed me a strawberry on skype
Hi :) RT “: Wheres my twin ? Feels like i havent talked to her in forever -_-”
isn't it though, so we'll see you Thursday ;)
Love to! Let me know what works for you. :)
Hi twinkie follow me okay love u
oh my god, I'm getting visuals. YOU MUST STOP XD
It never fails to amaze me how much trouble advertisers go to, to sell chewing gum. It's GUM!
Portland Police: Port of Portland officially closed due to protestors.
REPEAT - We're not kidding, you will not receive JMC Credit in the FALL if you don't apply to the program by Friday. Apply! Apply! Apply! :)
Taco night | $1 tacos & cold Dos Equis beers | 5PM onwards |
"Shouldn't you blow in the other end?"
I was thinking of doing that, but then again there's HW that needs to be done, but a nap then HW wouldn't hurt, but thing is-
Can we take over the pancake house soon?
SMG is owned by Brian Schultz.
Graphic. FUN. Expressive!
Garden of bones.
I take that back..its bloody hailing!!
when will politics bring jobs? They address issue but now 200+ union jobs lost in barbourville.more leaving than coming.
Well, just saw a Bugatti in Louisville.
what is she performing tonight?
President Barack Obama slow jamming the news Absolutely awesome!
That awesome moment when the whole class laughed at what you said, so you just sit there like a boss.
"Its not how good you are, its how good you want be, from this... you became the best"
Sorry I missed you guys. Got to conji really late because of a car accident i was involved in on the way there.
Bring money for parking!
awh thank you so much!!<33
3 Clinics I will attend this summer, Coaching U Live, Ganon Bakers Skills Clinic & Perform Better Summit in Chicago.
Life's to short and to good to worry about people straddling the fence.
How is GABP? I really want to go there.
Out for dinner in NYC.
ANYONE WANNA FOLLOW MEHH(:
how about a follow back from your newest Capitalizer! Plus I know Pam and Kayleigh, so that's cool right?
They had me locked up for a min. But I'm out now
aight,im not
nice. I'm checking it out.
Today has been very productive.. Cuddle with , feed puppies, go to work, and tell people I love them
Just 490! Usability Engineering. IS is like Bizzaro World SILS. Library Science & Information Science: never the twain shall meet.
Giving thanks to our Creator for the orchestrated #SkitSkat of the genius maestro "The Cat" who traverses universal...
Nice to meet you last night; have a safe journey home! Can't wait to try out the cookbook and relive our Tuscan Adventure :>)
My favorite tweets to read are delightfully strange.
Goodnight. I'm hitting the hay.
Hey everyone! Sorry for us being absent. Its been a hectic month. We'll be back ASAP!
mostly due to the eastern european sing along
Dear gentleman in the bathroom before me, even though you spattered & pubed the toilet seat, thanks for holding the door & calling me ma'am.
Beer and coffee pairings!
I agree. everyone in my family has own laptops and use them in their own rooms as well.
Thanks for coming everybody !!! See you soon boston :) oh donklins donuts...how you bring a smile to my roadtrip.
women:forgive but never forget...men:forget but never forgive
I looked at all the fiction I've written, and realized it's all the truth. Why veil it when I'm proud of all my strange life stories?
Are you striking?
Last day of jan and 63 in DC. Today would be the perfect but already halfway to work
I am too!!
Get me out of Vegas. 1 day really would have been long enough. Looking forward to my trip to Seattle this week!
hahaha too bad isn't in our row
#FunFact : The first roller skates were produced in Chicago in 1884.
Nothing is better than planning your & vacation. 2nd time in 6 months!
Ion k shit on this quiz
Each of us can add our simple graces to the world and touch the lives of others.
just the essay, please
"BREAKING" is mis/overly used on Twitter. I actually get arm-fold-y when real news doesn't follow, and immediately go to NYT to make it OK.
who's developing that?
Yeah & also wanting to see if I'm the list for Friday with Tech
San Antonio, Mexico
Hey guys its jordan i just out smarted mollie haha
Got the gold bitches
Mahomies are waiting for your new song. Follow me ?
Something aint right???
Thanks, we'll have samples for everyone to try very soon!
Got Laura to leave the house so she doesn't go crazy. The baby kobold and I are spending an hour or so listening to music and taking a nap.
Thousands of people flock to our spacious resort throughout the entire year. When is your favorite time to visit Xona and #Scottsdale?
A wise man taught me: "Make sure you aren't the smartest person you know." In that respect, at least, I feel entirely safe.
Identifying how helpful it is to listen to your #customers through multiple sources
Want to follow the band members?!
Do you agree that the Votto deal makes the Braun deal (and its timing) even more genius?
Throw the damn ball...why yall keep running?
when your this happy dont let go. <3
RFT ": I wish that R.I.P. meant Return If Possible."
RT : It's a smile, it's a kiss, it's a sip of wine, it's summertime. -Kenny Chesney
I'm sure they will cause of they play like that on Wednesday I know they gone be out the series.
Early morning church, been her for an hour now
passed the scrimmage bit of the skills test, and can be drafted to a home team soon- after passing rules test & time trials.
Some sessions attendees want a presenter for: Ruby for Noobies, Women and Entrepreneurship, UI testing automation, Scraping, Perl --
Ugh this shyt sucks!!
Big thanks to and for organizing the Cinco de Mayhem tailgate. Great food & friends.
#corona #riverside #morenovalley Sell you house or buy a house get back up to a $1000 gift card from me and up to 30k on a short sale
I'm old. That was when I was out of college.
it's worth it. $199 is their best price to date besides being a new customer last year.I have had for years
good work on all access tonight boss. your hair was on point
I have so many questions about that statement... But I'm just not going to ask them... lol
haha wee then. When are you gonna spam Jordan?
I can read people like books I'm always right about guys and I know who is good an who isn't not to brag but
no, no, it's about someone in here. Not you
Cmon let's turn that MIGHT into a HELL YA in goin 2b there! RT: “: I'm not sure yet .. I might stop by with my girl”
Cool, let us know when your reservation is and we'll see if someone is available.
Just being awesome, you know, the usual.. JK I'm a loser (: You?
for a second I thought you meant the mash up artist girl talk. Then I saw the picture and oddly thought of Dakota Fanning.
In order to know who you are you need to know God is
Say no to Slut-Shaming.
Everyone spread the word wear red, black or blue tomorrow to show if you really care about Kony 2012. Let see a change rather then read one.
spied at mike doughty show
He said Jordan will be playing at state fairs... No.
Happy birthday to our one and only awesome capt! Live long and prosper, Amen!
He's definitely more valuable as a starter, I just don't think he'd be as effective, therefore, hurting his value.
We had some meat left over but I think someone took a straw to get the rest of the gravy!
Wanna go do something tonigjht.
R Kelly's Imma flirt never ceases to put me in a good mood.
thank you soo much! so kind of you Eileen. Plz be in touch
really?! i go there every summer
2 Chicks With Chocolate back at their home sweet home--The Chocolate Library--for a tasting this Sunday from 2:00-5:00 PM. 111 St. Marks
The Scalabrine chants in the third quarter of a playoff game is a little much when the Celtics are down 7, no?
yup—that's us :) From our random night on the prowl at the Local.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded. -Maya Angelou
Lopez falcon followed me then after I followed back unfollowed Lmfao ok
Yay! Glad to hear you're feeling better :)
Real elation is when you feel you could touch a star without standing on tiptoe. ~Doug Larson
What's the biz?
debbie harry was so hot.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 310
Heard that George Benson stopped by the Rhythm Room in Phoenix Sat. to catch Any photos, ?
Thanks for follow ! I know you've got the Bucks 2 help raise the roof but I help bring the heat! Just call!
Homie talking shit, finna peel back his muffin top !
One day a 👦 felt like he was 👴 so he went to the bar for some🍺🍻🍸he got so wasted he had to ☎ for a 🚕 then he knew he was 👴.
Color theme today: orange. Roasted red pepper hummus, carrots, clementines, and peach yogurt. Hmm.
This boing alley I'm at almost makes me want to sign up for foursquare, it's so cool. #hipster #wannabe (but not really)
Nope, sorry didn't get it
Happy St. Patricks day to all of you cool people! Get out there and pinch someone!
Now I have to present in English
We've been attacked by spiders tonight, seriously.
Day 2 of my 5 day fast. Feeling great!
Three private events in the museum this weekend, two of them weddings.
Diaz: The cannot only be by/for Latinos.
I was expecting bigger.
Electronic billboard flashed gun show ad followed by FBI most wanted murder suspect mug shot. Ad$ are ad$.
I'm part chimpanzee and I can tie one. You'll get it.
it never occurs me to use private listening on spotify until after i've listened to something i suppose i should consider embarrassing...
The new is so great! Just bought it off iTunes.
It wasnt bad, im at the park with my siblings right now....for like 3 hours so far
You better figure something out then! Cause floppy cock in a drag show is #notcute lol
The #airbrush we use is the Infinity Advanced Airbrush System. It is the most innovative and uniquely designed system on the market today.
now First Aid Kit Tiny Desk Concert
My inside source is telling me Brad Stevens to Illinois is a done deal
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy. -Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire
Kindergarten orientation in Mahopac NY, bus driver goes for half hour joy ride with little ones on bus. Hey news, did you hear about this??
No surprise, but last wk's volunteer mtg "minutes" turned in to sup don't include my saying that our org does nothing to retain staff. Oops?
!! Lets get it goin!!
Remember... A content management system is only as good as its content and contributor(s).
:) I lke you also lol :D
thanks! I thought maybe you'd been in a show with someone, somewhere!
What are these "books" things you speak of? Netbooks? Chromebooks?
follow back
Thank you to & other friends who helped us donate 7 large bags of blankets, sheets, & towels to !
Wandering toddler in SE turns out to be 7yr old autistic escape artist. Mom and daughter reunited with a word of advice from the cops.
Just received neat bill through email. My exboyfriend owes 2 companies $3000 and both companies are contacting me to collect
People need to learn how to laugh and not take life so seriously
“: Everyone go follow athlete ” Jack's the Man!!
yeah or or On the Run Media or or RT : Isn't this called cafepress?
Waverly farmers' market. The maple mustard and turkey biscuit was bangin'.
she did a great job with the weather Awesome!
Boom. Thx for sharing. Saw your TEDx talk too. Would love to pick your brain on creativity+purpose + Georgetown!
Sometimes someone has to hurt you deep enough to show they're NOT the right one for you. Learn your lesson and MOVE ON!
Interesting statistical significance in my field research: W/ a Jesus fish and MD plates, one is much more likely to drive like a fuckface.
Quincy acy your the man
WOAHHH THERE PARTNER((; Is this about The boy you told me about the other Day?(;
i'll see you tomorrow buddy
Totally surfed. Apparently all I need is a cute native Hawaiian guiding me and I can rock the waves.
is this what a heart attack feels like? #ncis omfg
Can you follow me i just followed you
If you're in pain today, it's because something GREAT is on its way! Keep pushing!
that's the same thing I thought. It looks like it tho lol.
#WeWontWork so give up.
My New Pick Coming Out Real Soon Traders!
This could be the best time in a generation to be a first-time home buyer.
I make the bath water get clean! RT : that's y yo bath water smell like sausages😂😭
Nights where every single noise and light keeps me awake make me feel like I'm going crazy. Worst feeling ever.
Stanford's AD accepts offer to be next Big 12 Commissioner. Hm.
#iug2012 helper views that are I developed to make things easier for libraries, and also generated views that are automatically defined.
Its faith that keeps me doing, even when it seems like nothing is going to go my way. I cannot image a world without hope.
I am very excite.
With only 3 hours of real sleep im forced to start my day..ugh
Cancers rule baby!!!!! rt if u agree
Good morning everyone! Don't forget to find us and like us on Facebook! :)
Computer Armoires & Hutches: Bush Furniture - Slate Advantage ...
Great review 4 HORROR FOR GOOD, featuring Joe Lansdale, Ramsey Campbell, F Paul Wilson, Benjamin Ethridge, Lisa Morton, and many others.
You really need to be self-aware. Keep dialogue with superiors open and honest
Little Black Dress WTF Wednesday at SUITE w/ DJ Richie Rich July 13th
So excited for #each1teach1 at Women's Night In
Ah, just laying in bed chillin. You're wittle cousin is too cute
Common misconception: Thin people don't have to worry about cholesterol. Wrong! Nobody can eat anything they want and remain #HeartHealthy!
Thanks to the #ixd12 attendes that texted me photos of Guinness drinking. Seriously, no envy at all. None.
One of said dweebs is double fisting w' a gallon of diet coke and a bottle of "Hercule Stout." Other dweeb: raspberry arizona ice tea & H2O.
That's a lovely forecast coinciding with my little Texan's arrival in the North Country today.
but no matter how bad the team is with Utah and NY they always sell out.
HP Virus Scan In Progress.....Still working on a Friday Night...
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys⛄
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Then find someone whose life gave them vodka and go get drunk. /via
This guy wont stop starring >.<
Had 3 classes. Showed up for 3 classes.
do the number game old man
I already bought it and i love it!! So awesome!!
and on the saddest note, my best friend. leaves today. All summer long without my ride or die chick? HOW WILL I GO ON??????????
glad you like our #bruins cut away tank by #NHL playoffs
i love you.
Studio today with !
.I'm allergic to nasty .
This week was supposed to be horrible, now it's shaping up to be one of the best this year
i love your tweets they are awesome
I am who I am
": I hate when ppl ask me why I'm single."
everyone deserves it. Forgiving makes u always the better person.
PDI "Know the culture of the workplace and find a place that fits your style."
just made my 1400 tweet. hello #1401 (;
Thanks for your post; it reminded me of the joy my kids gave me at the aquarium yesterday.
CJ Wilson can go right ahead and fuck off.
I hate campers... They tend to piss me off...
Spent the afternoon sorting through a collection of anti-communist ephemera from the early 50s. We got nothing on these guys. Yikes!
favorite tweet slash least-favorite tweet
Now I can go to sleep a happy little girl
#BOYZ #BIEBER together. oh. my. jesus.
If she cant keep a good conversation going then she won't last in my contacts I keep that delete button ACTIVE on my mama tho
ahha me to! & oh, yes. that show look amazing! :)
damn girl, you did it again! I'm lovin' your new mix tape
Can't wait until next year! I'm excited for the new team!
Going to see my booboo bear after 59462839 days -___-
Some One Voxer Me?
And now autocorrect has changed really to Sally.
its my birthday and i am 15 and i am now going to change my info
I think I drank too much chocolate milk again. My stomach seems very queasy.
By committing over 10 penalties for over 100 yards, the Cowboys essentially give the opposition a HOF running back.
I live really close to APU it's right Behind taco bell :)
#ochocinco is New England's problem now, good luck to them...
Rumor has it has some sweet swag to give away Friday. Any hints?
Proud of u as always how u taken car of business on dancing with the stars
Monkeys get 10% off at Kimaya on Malas, Jewelry, Bags, Scarves & Statues located in Sunset Place!
GOOD MORNING FUCKERS
I fucking miss you
Marlins Park has fewest number of seats in MLB.
If ur. Not first ur last
but I like that exhibit a lot. Very thorough.
“: Blondes motto = money over everything. #thehairoscope” more like money over bitches
Have fun tonight sunshine!! With !! :::hugs:::
for a sec I thought that said tuna pancakes hahha
I rox wit
Am I the only one on here that doesn't like basketball
Don't hold back all your enthusiasm lol!
Yes, BLT was in the Montgomery Ward building and is part of downtown's 42nd Ward. Why do you ask?
I admit I did not mind if others learned of my involvement in the secret trip, although Pinkerton felt otherwise. We were not on good terms.
What's fun tonight?
Cool! Thanks for the review. Greatly appreciated.
Can anybody tell me why a new loaf of bread is dry the next day?
You da man, Chuck. RT : 79° in #Madison right now. That's 10 degrees above the old record!!! #Middleton is at 82°!
Hm, that year has a familiar ring to it.... 1975... 1975
Night! Been up long enough... Chanting in my mind "Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis when I was dead broke I could picture this"
growing up a diehard Ryno fan, that was one of the best days of my life.
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
I have so much crap to take to school to get ready at 's house lol
Vauxhall to keep Ellesmere Port plant open Vauxhall has decided to keep its Ellesmere Port factory open and have announced it will build
Thanks for listening! :)
Addictive: Gummi Red Raspberries
Fake troll bait. :|
#team80 so trying to hold my #teamB status
Next stop,
A great insight that came up today in another coaching session: "When we understand our value we don’t feel the need to defend it."
Can we skip to the part of the day where the dancing happens?
Check out flypittsburgh.mobi before August 31 for your chance to win a $400 Travel Voucher from A!
I'm a member of team #linsanity jersey please?!!
Rick Perry got blasted for calling Social Security a Ponzi scheme. Proof positive truth isn't allowed in politics.
Almost 2 AM and im so bored, which is wierd cuz im way jacked up on #redbull atm :S WHO WANTS #SHOUTOUT s !? JUST ASK :)
Amen. RT : reaching out to me isn't a bad start but it's gonna take a lot more than that to be cool.
Today was very fun and HILARIOUS.
Mr. Mahone, I think you should follow us Thank you (: love you ! <3
The transfigured fall silent.
At graduation rehearsal...can't believe this weekend is already here.
School Tomorrow Spring Break is over :(
Hey! Miss you. Apparently, according to Twitter, I'm like you. What a compliment. Hope to see you again some day soon. Hit me up.
In London for the next 2 days. Any recommendations??
the flying biscuit at cameron village... 2 thumbs up
just read the synopsis for your book! Fantastic and you never cease to amaze me.Twitter is great for promotion, you will conquer
Well, Its finally here...Snow and Night at 5pm.
it's called " moving the show" the limbs love to do it
up 255 online.. guy im coachin made 300 hundred tonight.. good luck aT THE TABLES FELLOW TWEETERS
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Childish Gambino and Death Cab tickets go on sale in the morning, hit that up! Don't forget - you need to be at Minerva this Saturday!
Forgot my stick at home...spectacular
just saw a guy in plaid shorts in 2012
dairy queen
Lets grab the lead this inning!
Congrats! Way to go BabyGeek!
back after a long hiatus. All is well inn diegoland. How is apel?
I don't even need your love.
Shout Out to my wife!
thanks for the tweet. Great pictures.
Chris Matthews: "Michael, have you ever had a physical reaction to a Romney speech?" Michael Steele: "No, I have not." I Love msnbc!
Its okay, thanks for the follow though :) RT “: sorry i wasn't following you before but now i am <3”
his name is Cinco.
I really enjoy those sodas. Haven't had the rhubarb yet but like the other 3.
HEALTHCARE-15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today!!!
on one with hit my man up he ain't feelin too hot …Fuego is in 2012 find me
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose." - Yoda
yeah, we all know you and your particular passions. Thanks, I'll stick to beer.
cheaters/bad officiating's proof
Working on website with
Just read the article. Have you tried audiobooks from the library to shorten your tbr list? PYM's on audio.
IPFW&#39;s Hospitality Program Receives Prestigious Recognition
#SEM09 Keep the tweets coming. Sad to not be there.
:p lame*
Hey #SFO how about a clear connection for those of us changing terminals! Highly inefficient for biz travelers!
You're welcome. Glad to hear that everyone is happy!
your welcome
The American ideal is to be able to find a job you love.. but with so much people in the job pool.
sneezing right after you put mascara on
i miss my twitter friends .
Some of us wondering how VIVO mgmt might change if there were a complete PubMed VIVO (or other linked data) instance.
That second scene after the ending credits of The Avengers was too funny.
stayed up this late, just to take in that my hero, wouldn't be my hero today, if it wasn't for right now this day when he made "kidrauhl"
As lucky as the man who gets to marry me will be, I still pity him. I'll be his worst nightmare EVERY morning.
Just got a phone call with a job offer! JOB COUNT: 3 :D
Famous Monsters of Filmland has always been a favorite of mine! Nice to see they noticed us!
don't abuse your monopoly on Capitol Hill East. Extreme lines at 7:30 pm on Saturday is a bit much. It's becoming common.
Nothing good is going to come from 8 Tequila shots. PS wrote this earlier & never posted it. My prediction came true, btw....
"I'm yours <3" god I love my boyfriend. Andres and Gabriela FOREVER <3
We were out with yesterday in Philly at and It was amazing! Thanks to both stations for having us!
I wouldn't even waste one cent to see Drake. He sucks. All he talks about is sex.
I still have your book.
adult friends r the best ha !
You say that like it's a good thing.
Hey friends, I am wondering who would like to see us with some local hip hop acts? Damien-
Day 2 of the conference in Denver! Can't wait!
of course!!!! I'll inbox it to u :)
I feel SO good after I work out!
Bags made it. Had to resist driving the truck like the Lambo.
If I'm at #Raw in Boston, I'm asking for a refund about now. Pay to be there live only to watch the big screen?
Looking for NY Ranger play off tickets. Will give you 6 months of free advertising on The Gourmet Mom or 1 free job placement at The Job Ma…
": Well how about that! #OriolesMagic" I second Brotha! Now lets finish the shit!
*big sigh*
state Assembly getting started shortly after 8 p.m., with about 50 bills to take up, it's going to be a long night
Yes please;)
Bachelorette Ashley reminds me a lot with her smile and mannerisms of Mara Wilson (Miracle 34th Street, Matilda).
#OWIF: None of my side knows how to fight and the posse doesn't want to risk touching us, so we've agreed to a dance-off to settle matters.
Brienne is mine :)
making a double disc with this one and last years
I wish formal could just start now
Forget all your sharing, Facebook refused to accept petition with 53K signatures. Guards shooed protesters.
o dear #basketballwives don't tell a girl "i wish you would slap me" & then SUE her once she does.
Soon we will be downtown.waiting for permit.Hope to meet you soon :)
I hope you enjoy it!
Three grown men. Barefoot. Having a foot race in the park. Yeah, I just saw that.
Phoenix Mercury +6
thanks for the #FF! much appreciated
real nice!
Hehe. Poor guy, ya paid to be yelled at.
doin' a play for John-Lewis class ^_^
9-9-9 and Oops! What has happened to the Republican party?
Hi!! Crazy right....Mike had to find a way to get me to the hollywood sign and that show was awesome enough to help him :)
jack johnson is awesome and so are you!
Yooo Real talk was live as hell.. he brought the show alot of energy and he put on for the 2 cities that love him the most
thats good unfortunetly i got a sinus infection
yes! I remember when I had long hair, I thought I would never cut it.
I just photoshoped my baby cousin into a million different backgrounds. now im laughing like an idiot on how funny they are... lol
#FF CAUSE ITS ROCKIN #CHICAGO RIGHT NOW!
All this dude does is argue...loudly. And all this "woman's perspective stuff"
Not wearing a bra is like standing on the top of mt.everest. Wonderful, amazing, an free
I want to be packed by tonight! My flight is at 7am Thur...ouch! lol
Calling in "sick" to work >>
I keep getting notified that Club Bing is closing. I have no memory of using, signing up or even what this is.
- I don't see any Tea in that pic.
Remember it, write it down, take a picture, I don't give a fuuuuuuuck!
It was during one of the games, think OKC, when you were on the court doing your thing haha don't think I was the only one
He always sings the A Team. I wish he would sing Wake Me Up, or Lego House. Bluh. BUT I LOVE THIS.
I never got my PhD, so you can't call me Dr.Sergei. But i got my master's. So call me Master Sergei.
In meeting with the 90th PCT! NYPD the BEST
I told my friend I knew her Apple ID password, I said it has a capital letter and a number in it...her dumbass went to change it -.-
Also the subject of a possible Cult Spark series I've been mulling: "Things That Should Be Movies By Now."
hey, didja get my email last week about visiting Nashville?
Live with more random mainstream tracks. we well see if my mic works. join me in the chatroom either way.
All new bands coming this month! Keep reading!!
If you leave me without a reason, don't come back with an excuse.
Welcome to Los Angeles if only for a little while! Fly safely and G'day Mate. I love you xo
Wow! Shumpert's looked even worse than Rose's.
time flies when your not saving work in photoshop.
My students had fun with taxonomic work. What do words "electronic" and "literature" mean in #elit?
I wish he was awake with me.
"XYZ" - Third Grade Me
2 weeks til Christmas.. Holy F!!
Hanged myself today to a chorus of burned orphans. Yay comedy.
today is a and kind of day! #summernights on repeat :)
I just want to go to sleep
Looking for an affordable, workable document management program for my 17-lawyer firm
NOW PLAYING "I MISS YOU" BEYONCE
All you need is trust
#x24 Mexico. Practiced in early Feb. 4 major quake & collaboration---helped w US-Mexico response in major way. Fruit of x24 Mexico 4 all
not all gov docs are PURLed. over 1400 servers hosting gov docs. can't expect stats from 1400 sites
on this upcoming Ustream you should sneak in and kiss Austin on the cheek if you can!(: ~Sara
good job responding like days later
What local #Indiana businesses will you be supporting this weekend?
I'm guessing the internet outage was storm related because it is back on!
Chocolate Ale day! HopSlam day!
thats bad! ;( i hope you feel better now.
A: Be it the unnecessary testing or X-Rays, unnecessary length of stay... cut down on that. Emphasis on nursing.
Working on a hot sauce recipe
You "damn near" made me go back to my old ways, but I've come to like being conservative bout who I let feel this Dick.. Lol
Yep. We spoke for about 20 min and plan to speak again sometime soon. Thanks!
The day I get to wear Givenchy...
My boss, , and I have decided there should be a 16-step program for people who try to do to much.
RT : You win some, you lose some... just make sure the outcome is income.
Thoughts on PRK? My wife is having the procedure on Friday and wants to know your experience.
Its an 80's #danceparty at the gym! Time to get moving!
We can look back at our past decisions with compassion for ourselves, realize they were mis-takes of the situation, and embrace the lesson.
yea I'm not beautiful
this happens to me a lot, too, by prof orgs and publications. Guess Tom doesn't have same gravity as Thomas?
I used to be an eBay powerseller. During summer, give a week. Shouldn't have to, but... Also, send a message directly to seller.
I didn't, no. I'll have to check it out ASAP if it's worthy of a LOL!
Really enjoying listening to REM's Murmur this morning.
Thanks so much! Looking forward to it :)
Friday’s set ran two-and-a-half hours, with Mr. McCartney constantly onstage, and it had 35 songs, not counting a few additional excerpts.
Walkin dt sz right now solo someone step to me it's over
Join us on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS to hear from political analyst David Schultz at 6:10. We're talking about Iowa results.
ha, unless there was brain flavored ice cream.
its hard to please everybody so ima just worry about pleasing me (now im talkin about you) since you always think im talkin about you lol
I just tap everywhere haha
Can't I just go back home curl up on the couch with a blanket and watch movies all day....
Wishing everyone a happy Thanksgiving!
Pushing social apps to creative edge is great, - turning every app into duck tape makes them less effective tools.
sounds like someone is trotting out a variant of the "color blindness paradigm" 😝
Sixteen Candles is my favorite movie of all time! I couldn't make it, though. That's alright. I already know it by heart.
Hm... your manifesto? no wait, I know this one... the calendar! saaaweeeet!
at Work lol
haha urban dictionary it
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime "don't break hearts and try to shake hands cause we're living in a time of living's last chance"
if by saint you mean somebody who laughs at his own jokes or celebrates the cultural history of Buffalo, NY
haha i like your optimism
Aw shit!! I almost got caught up!!
In book two.
No, go jump into a volcanoe.
It's 10:45am...?? Why are you tweeting about sex? Keep it classy kiddos
#uwmediacenter Robert Garfias' Marimba Music from Mexico is ensembling. 8 hands, 1 marimba. A UW press release from the late 60s.
Haha good stuff. Funny but #wtf. I'll keep my eye out for more :)
Up early getting it in... Haan...
Nice looks like and Shed will be re uniting a little malice in the palace
I once tried merging my LA clothes into my NYC closet and two trenchcoats stabbed an Ed Hardy hat.
API presentation went very well. Can't wait to launch!
Hm okay digestive system. Go ahead and wait til I have to clean the bathroom to want to take a shit! Haha.
Biggest surprise ever! But I love Abby because I remember her from her Degrassi Days! I loved her & Shenae Grimes(:
I mean, I saw past the bowl cut, makes sense that I saw past the glow of your skin too.
Thanks for the add! Maybe we can get a shout out?!? BostonOnTheRun needs more followers!
Holy shit, is WV minimum wage really only $7.25?! $11/hr. for 8 hours 5 days per week = #makingbank No wonder this state is so poor.
lmao...u kno he sound like his breath stank!
At the at USC
That's a funny name. You're a funny guy!
I hear you guys will be performing at Disneyland on Saturday?? Should I make the trip to the magical land?? :)
On Twitter a content strategy + a network strategy = influence says
Way too early for me.
Spurs had awesome poster giveaways at games. Wish I still had them.
hey we're gonna try some of that veggie cheese at food lion on a veggie burger :D
Watchin spongebob again i wonder if ima wake up on time
Environmentalism's results only look like failure if you haven't had to live w/o them. Not to say we've *succeeded*.
#drupalcon "Patience is not a virtue -- it's a requirement." -- Robin Barre
I hate how I have the strangest dreams almost every night
Michael Jordan has ten scoring titles. Kobe has two. Just another nod to His Airness.
