Nice work!
don't you mean your screeching ???(:
If you want something that is hard to find and as little as $5 to $10 be sure to come by Fifth Street Market in Eugene Oregon!
We want Sanchez!!
not sure, but if you enable the experimental swipe feature, you can three finger swipe to see an expose-like overview of all tabs...
Alec James of Brookfield (Wis.) Central lands offers from Notre Dane and Illinois.
Welcome to the Church of Cabbage, Lettuce Pray 👼
Chi ?“: #IfYouKnowMeWell u know that i'm coming! #Arizona #SouthCarolina #Ohio #NewYork <<<this month... LaughWit'chaLater..”
i really think you'd look adorable with liam!
The Pauly D show
it's not even fashion anymore is HYPE!!
Niggas hate pussy hair cuz it gives us rug burn so...SHAVE YO SHIT!!!!
We have that, and more! use the /planner/ function.
A5: what i love about online is that it allows more longform content. stats show more ppl read longform bc of twitter
Maybe he shops there all the time on other days? Maybe??
Not even gonna lie , I'm fun as hell to chill with . Lol
Your tongue is like an accusatory giblet
Positive by day negative by night , fooling people with a smile ready to frown
BINGO! RT : You know why the Nike Tiger Woods commercial is completely awesome? Because you can't stop talking about it.
#Respect is everything.
Gotta throw up a couple threes to free up the interior for Davis
#baezasongoftheday Far From Ready . ❤ 😍
Thanks to my beagle, I'm up early again. :)
Hi Ruth!! Happy Wednesday.
Is any good at golf??
Rough Roostars starts recording the follow up to last years "Don't Eat Yellow Snow" Mon the 16th of January.. we will be posting video blogs
All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Twice a year wellness exams makes sense for your pet-On average-Pets age 7 times faster than people do.
Hey! :) Glad to see you here on Twitter!
Prepping for podcast at 7:30pm. Talking about Emerging Tech in Special Collections Outreach.
hey my medical care was denied today. can you meet next week to fix that? (i'd email you but you didn't put it in the email)
And thanks for thinking of us!
you dont really want the freaks to come out at night...lol
thxs 4 following.hope your day is going well.have a good one and take care.
happy birthday old man.
nope I unlocked my car tho but it may lock bk plus Kay just had a shit party in his pamper
Xmas humor: I think we all know why VIXEN is the most popular reindeer!
Precisely the argument that I need to defend!
My parents are pissing me off.
#Stranger!!! I need ya # again
PLease follow me(: 5
I'm shy. Most people don't take the time to explore the real me. So I'd like to thank everyone who has. Everyone who didn't, missed out.
Time to move my ass lol
Posted chapter 1 but writing chapter 2 and its almost done, adding the rest of the characters in the 2nd(:
Sorry yall, just had a breakdown.
Just tapped, Single Wide IPA (replaces Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA)
Imagine having to sit down for an hour and a half for one form kmt
shut up Jeff! LoL. Its ok though, they can have that one. LoL.
Mickey Mouse ears during #grammys2012 makes #JerseyShore cast seem classy
Happy birthday to the amazing guy in the whole wide world. . Love you.!!!
Yeah Giants...kicking some Patriot & Brady arse!! :)
He is 5, and just going through some separation anxiety too. Nightmares started again, all tired too.
if you want someone to make you smile throughout the day follow
Females might be older then me, but they still not ahead of me!!! 🏃💨💰👌✌
Falling asleep to the rain before Adele sets fire to it.
Just DM you...just give me a call
RT : jack's skunk hair with glasses omfg perfection asdasdf
thanks to all our amazing followers!
that doesn't even sound good
#TheWorstFeeling is def getting blasted in the nuts with a pogo stick
If I have to chisel the statue with a toothpick the smith statue will be ready
Ifunny makes me lazy
Nope!:( he had practice for his show in philly.
that was the business model for secondlife . Being able to load a previous save to replay a scene would be a + though.
I don't find myself not showing it.I find myself not getting the love I give. I guess when u love hard u have to still walk softly
Seven months till my big day...
TAKE IT ALL OFF AARON.
Starting the countdown!
That vid is funny. Now I got to read the article. Thanx
nutty with the
“Remember, If, It’s Not About Love, It About Nothing” Dewarren Moses “ROMANCE” on iTunes.com
it's your wedding day! You are going to be the most beautiful bride.
Welcome to Indy! You should come to Common Ground Christian Church on Sunday at 11am before the Super Bowl!! 46th and Illinois!
Im from Cleveland Too follow back
if i hear one more hunger games "odds ever be in your favor" mixed with a lottery reference again, i may shoot someone.
i could only stay awake 4 so long on a work night -__- lol so off to bed i go.. i waited! thas all that mattered lol. gnight! BBM/text it!
it's all good and u how r things
Thanks for the follow =) Hope your weekend goes well!
"To argue that human rights abuses occurring in Haiti, Guatemala, or Rwanda are unrelated to our surfeit in the rich world requires that
I somehow managed to make my nape piercing bleed :/ all I want to do is sleep and shit keeps preventing me from doing so ! Goodnight all! :)
I want to steal your panties. And then carve you up in my basement.
Q: Why is Stevey Wonder Smiling all the time? A: He doesn't know he's black.
EXCEPT FOR ELIJAH! What a masterpiece!!!!!!!!
I've been good. Focused on M13. How bout you?
to bad.....I've never used cherry Chapstick in my life.
I'm not saying you personally I'm saying that woman are just as bad as men when it comes to tube etiquette.
in the last 6 years: SMiLE, That Lucky Old Sun, Gershwin. Strong, lovely, amazing stuff. The rest is forgiven.
how have you been :))
no heather... U r always good to me. U know this :) call/text me. Lol
Add me on facebook. I put note on my face book wall with ordering details!!
RT Thanks for the retweet! Hope you had a great weekend:-) // i did thank you!
is there a website out there that hold sports analyst accountable on their opinions on draft day?
Huge spike in MP3 downloads Friday. Not sure what happened, but thank you iphone listeners(?). You just made my youtube views look stupid.
RT : I swear parents get mad over the most irrelevant shit ever
My bracket looks ugly. But my final four is still intact.
Proudly wearing SKC on the way home from Portland.
Feeling inspired after seeing Terrence Brewer and Whitney James perform today!
thinks he may be the only person not watching the Oscars. Oh well.
My point exactly you picked ryte
#whyamibored needa get outta the house...
last we talked you were about to move in. Glad you like it.
How are men and parking spots alike? The good ones are always taken and the ones left are handicapped.
i was driving by ... *sorry 😔
Still annoyed about everything
When its JB's bday, its gonna be CRAZY. Its probably gonna trend for like all week lol
... AND NOW let the New Spring Menu Begin !! Come check it out!
congrats on ur success! Seen you around the city, glad to see someone with humilty! You ever need a instro, hit me or
“ BGC tonight!! (:”cant wait
Teddy Roosevelt, JFK, Obama, Clinton, and some white guy.
I give up.
Thanks for stopping by!
#GrandpaFred Well you'll get to hear from them. So go. It'll take an hour & five..what's he doing someone else now? Where'd THAT sucker go?
Great a new career : )
im going to go listen to janelle money "cold war" and meditate
Who ever said that you had to be perfect to love yourself?
I'm dead tired but why won't my eyes close
FRI Dinner Salad Special: Baby Mixed Greens with Diced Avocado, Coriander Seared Shrimp, Citrus Supremes, Riesling Gastrique
is playing in Happyland Downtown today for #HappysRunningClub come visit!! :)
My near future will consist of: More money, travel, and love. On top of that I love my family, friends, cats, and myself!
RT : i'm about to outsource dick and ass. niggas in Louisiana are total disappointments. >> it's too early for this fuckery! Lol
this lil cutie in my store tho >>
Just did probably the dumbest thing I could ever do
Decided its easier to direct clients to a Twitter account dedicated to my photo business rather than my personal account, so this is it!
Cheesecake is so good. Note it in your skin
um, golly... I usually note such things but did not today. My friend in the black sandals got the deep green, I the bronze
A woman must learn to be committed to her needs—no exceptions.
Any suggestions for a new laptop? DON'T SAY AN APPLE PRODUCT.
I'm broken, Do you hear me?
It was dark and now the sun is out in Bay View. Crazy weather day!
Over it
Wait, is all day too much?
I like to cook, my best dish is cereal ask any bowl or jug of milk in my house, they will agree.
"Instructions are for the clueless. so yes, I do need instuctions" favorite quote I from today
Those last two RTs are a matched set.
Check out on She just dropped a killer segue - "We Live in Brooklyn Baby" into "A Love Supreme" !
Tell me some dope shit, somebody
CHRIS BROWN IS A LEGEND.
played temple run for what I though was 10 mins... Turned out being 2 hrs!!! Got the high score and new follow from !
EVERYONE GO watch and subscribe to free2go44!!!!!!
oh ok
I'm gonna laugh when your knee swells up
One thing I've missed about Dallas is Whataburger
Good luck today Coach!!
My grandma just said that cake is her favorite song, so I go and tell her you know that's about sex and she looked at me like this O_O lmaoo
I'm curious if it has any information on it. It's sort of like getting a top secret mission by accident! Like Chuck.
#libchat Q6 - They go to our selectors who make the call...this stuff usually falls under the selection policies.
unemployment drop clearly due to cutting 3% off taxes of "job creators"....for last 11 years
what style are you looking for?
Apple Writer?
Last night we got the Groupon factor. What a night we had! We're glad you came :)
Like wise! RT : Congrats to #rb3style winners It was an honor to meet you!
The weekend after? Jen in from San Diego, Food and Froth at MPM, at Turner, After Dark, and the Midwinter BrewFest
However, not a bad game played by the bruins in anymeans.. Allowed 2 5 on 3 goals and had lucid ejected. Bruins win game 7 4-1
Thirsty today! #paleodiet is making me thirsty!!! Too much salt maybe. Oh H20 is my fav #paleo drink!!
this might end our friendship. You are so so so wrong. Crunchy Cheetos are the absolute best thing. EVER
Manga Wednesday tomorrow. Oh yeah!!!
try both of them :)
When the past calls, let it go to voice mail... It's got nothin new to say.
how in the world do you have so many followers? :o
Skipped school today yet I'm awake. Thanks mom for always forgetting when I'm NOT going to school!
My presenter for the second break out session referenced [title of show] and talked about vamping. Awesome.
if anything, you fault the chef for a boring interpretation of "american food". should have asked collichio to pinch hit.
Look for us tomorrow in #Pewaukee and #Watertown - we'll be there #paving a parking lot, doing some fine grading, etc.
#animal ☆ Animal i have become ★beta battel ★(only sap members)☆ me vs StellaGeilOne
Relax people. It's the 1st week. Jeez.
So saddened by the death of one of my favorite musicians, MCA. The Beasties have been a favorite since the beginning.
I want this thing we have to last so imma take everything slow. The sooner things happen between us, the sooner they fade. - aubreylynn
I need to sit on the other side of the stadium tomorrow otherwise I'm going to look (more) ridiculous.
Twilight the movie is demonic somebody tell my daughter lol...
This house is not a home.
#FaceTime is so fun!
If you live in NYC and haven't seen yet- see it ASAP please! Set to close May 20.
this wine you left behind is good. Even if it is one glass :)
Temples aren't just for asains, but it would be fun to me one minus the chinky eyes (: no racial
I will try my best!
Man today was really an early start.. i should get use to this! -_- sike.. lol no fareal i should!
We went home , and how am I pimp ? We needa hang sometime for real ! Lol
you are awesome thanks 4 the heads up! Took them down till I could fix them!! You rule!
Man plz get well soon
& Cheryl has a mouth full of gold fronts?
blogging it ASAP
u send me ne thing yet fam?
“The greatness of a man's power is the measure of his surrender.” - William Booth, founder of The Salvation Army
#rolemodelshit ": Im the type of dude that loves my girl behind closed doors, and in public. i dnt hide shit"
It was a good speech, not a great speech. Any speech that needs to quote predecessors to get applause, needs to be rethought.
RT : #DidYouKnow – Coleman Skeeter ‘12 is launching , bringing #greenhouse #farms to #urban areas like
Body is stacked just like some legos
You killed my racoon
I saw Stevie Ray 3 times before he died. One of the greatest guitarist that ever lived.
What a beautiful evening here in LA, nice and breezy.
+1 MT : Just watched interview and play by play of mission to get Bin Laden on Great President!
WOOOHOOOO! (: So proud of you guys!
yes. Only problem was that the glass(es) of delicious tripel inspired me to eat too much cheese.
if it's about Lemons, tell him I said to stop whining.
Waiting for wireless connection
Looks like a goner!!! Lmao
I guess I could bail you out if you do.
Out in Hamptons at clients home 4 furniture installation. Cable guy here, wanted to know no TV's 13 inside, 2 outside.
Lucky for me another plane is subject to his...umm...girth. Is that even safe???
"He that takes medicine and ignores diet wastes the time of his doctor"
we know about hill.... Banes back?!?!?
Good night I heart you! 'till we meet again...
True. They snuck in a few naughty words there...
i hear ya. I had a friend back out the day before to do homework.
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!! O.O
Trying to procrastinate this hw right now....
yea! let's totally do a hackfest. is interested too. I think Santa's bringing me a lilypad beginners kit for xmas.
beyond ready to see you on Friday. :)
Augusta & Staunton Dems hosting luncheon at Mill St Grill w/ & to give update on 2012 GA
Ald Bohl just unintentionally made a funny. Introducing his guests, he said 'to my far right is newly elected county supe Deanna Alexander.'
If u use incense,do I have a deal 4 u!Get 50 paks of incense for $25.Each pak has three 19" stix. So you get 150 stix for $25.($5 shipping)
Here's the second mvmt that I mentioned
Trying to decide if I want to go to the SMPS Holiday Party next week... are you going?
the meeting about camp was EPIC. I can't wait!!! Who do you know that's coming!?
Been a busy night. 1st Ervin pitched a gem. Young Mike is playing beyond his years in the lead off spot. Oh & Hatchet got fired
let me check....
It's fuh-reezing out! Finally done with work, time to get cozy on the couch with snacks and "Something Borrowed"
at least 8. Keep it up you can do it
I look like my mom😒
the first cut is the deepest.
good morning 👋
Yess! Thats what i keep saying to myself (:
NO!ITS TIME FOR ME TO DO SOME SLAPPING! 😡
yes I did. And knocked out again after lol
Thanks for posting!
can you direct-message your email address to us regarding the coupon email? Thanks, Eleanor!!
i want a bieber fever account so badly. ugh.
They're pretty crazy!
#CrossFit workout was Cindy tonight. I left a lot of room for improvement. Any suggestions for good post-workout #paleo ideas?
the doors of progress seem to open much wider when your not trying to break them down. #in #truth comes
Hate on me.. (Raise my hand ) i volunteer !!
hey.. for al tea lover.. show our twitter page and send us new friends.. we love you
I started already I got a lil green & blue lol
Also, just discovered the majority of my shingles are missing from my roof! Woot! Thanks tornado alley!
RT #Aquarius Secret Desire: To Be Unique
i wish i were going to cali. i want warm weather!!!
All those Asian affairs/China Policy think-tanks stopped following me on twitter... maybe its because I tweet about #poop too much... :-(
In another study, people who ate pistachios for 3 months lost 10 to 12 pounds on average.
What should I watch on netflix
Montaign is currently on the client side serving the role as Advertising Manager with Freddie Mac
I'm following! :D
Thank you for sharing great info on #hiring and #HR. Love what you do!
Is it a punishment if ur parents let you pick it? #soconfused why is my parents letting me pick my punishment?
U see things in war and times of crisis , but I think that is probably one of the bravest things I'll see a President do in my lifetime
LOL brb dying. friend's brother's new profile picture… dear lord. sohott. asjdfkl.
YessssssRT : Good Sex will put you in a great mood
We love mom-invented products. Who better to know how to solve mom problems? Check out for a great selection.
"I once thought insects would inherit the Earth, now I think metadata will inherit the Earth." - Dr. Dow
Great start Rox,
Statistics say that 1 in 4 people are insane, so take a look at your 3 best friends and if they are all OK, its you!
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Make a reservation to get the best seating in our house! 585-267-7500
We forgot to teach parental lessons of "not pulling the trigger". /s/ Jose & Kitty
Cant wait to watch star wars in 3D *.*
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it."
We'll just see who ends up with more GREEN at the end of this.
Thank you! RT : Love
Headline: Obama Dangles Lubed Carrot to Lead Single Issue Voters to the Polls.
FIU mens hoops is getting ready to kick off. Look out Florida Memorial.
good. i promise too.
you are probably right. But is like sea....I mean um....oKC to win it all!!!!
no way!! You're actually planning to visit this town?! Haha!!
traffic...news & now entertainment!
Gov. Brewer canget her point across in a civil manner without posturing & putting the Pres. on the spot! Who the hell does she think she is?
I'm going to sandvolleyball, then 701 in Covington KY for Autism Bake Sale, then Lunar
Thanks for the follow brotha!!
Tvhead Clothing Company where the creative juices flow....... wait why are the juices on the roof?
what, if anything, is supporting that thing? Terrifying!
That's a terrible idea. Play Sting.
did I see you at kohls this weekend? Swore I saw you while I was shopping!
praying for #Chen and grateful for #SecClinton commitment to peace, justice, tolerance & equality
haha I know :(
Congratulations on heading to Paris, Nori! When are you going?
: have you met yet? You both need to talk! Shared via TweetCaster
Headin to Ruby Tuesdays...
It's an after effects kind of Sunday working on work work. Boo.
Daria. That is all.
Bitte, bitte. Kein Problem. It was the librarian in me. ;)
I think I just saw the economy drop past my window...
thanks for the effort...somewhere inbetween those 2
need you to call me
thanks for your comments on that Jane piece...great.
Do you have a dog?
#Southern #GOP voters r #biggovernment #republicans. #Santorum rivals the #progressives on the left w/ #government expansion. Vote
Join our email list! Tweet back if interested in fun tidbits from yours truly.
Gloomy Monday, made slightly better by catching up on Star Talk, now with 100% more
is working.
I think we gonna drop some new tracks today. on some other shit...
Its either hot as bballlls in this school or an ice cube.. for god sakes, can we have a perfect temperature ever in this building?
No one dies a virgin, life screws them all.
": “: Disney World goes through 194,874 miles of tp every year.” 1/3 of that is from the family of "
Hey , here's my number, so call me maybe.(: ♥
ohkay.. Thanks. I'm trying to get True Belieber to sign it :/
and I wear my babies all the time, just my take on it, love your posts BTW
Why do people think that just because I love horror movies and death metal music that I can't stand for Jesus Christ?! You're so mistaken.
I'm very excited to get a tour of my dream marketing agency tomorrow!!
RT : We're the scholars, they're the : "Microryza has the possibility of revolutionizing science." Thanks gentlemen!
that's a nice smile that Knutson has, no?
I loved that!
#ifiwonthelotterytonight I would probably only tell one person
lol in bed horny
Just heard that proposed to long time girlfriend !! Everyone please congratulate them! It's such exciting news!
feel better babes, although that's what happens when you eat to much! Get well xx
you tryna be funny huh , I don't play with my 20 ! Where's my key at sniff lmfaooo
The word paper comes from the name of the reedy marsh grass, papyrus, which grows abundantly along the Nile River in Egypt
Thanks! 'Tis the season to be green
glad to hear it - now enjoy a good recovery weekend!
Walked out of school.. YOLO!
hello sweet girl next door. How are you?
Seriously, how awesome is Ozzie? RT: I hope that with the players we have, I dont screw it up the way I have in the past.
It makes me happy that the boys are tweeting each other again :D
I got goosebumps.
I just got another error, so it looks like it's more off and on. Happy Tuesday!
Christmas tree island... say what?
We spoke about a program on the phone but I never received your email? ...would like to chat
#raw10The World has changed. They made it seem at 1 time that only Blks used Crack, lost custody of kids, etc but now you have Charlie Sheen
the truth hurts
Birthdays are good for you. Statistics show that the people who have the most live the longest.
my friend is going to buy coke lmao im srry yes ur cool to tlk to but ur a pussy
Got the logos for the team helmet, they look fucking awesome...
I hate this whole spelling correction shit
Have you heard the news?? has finally joined twitter. Hello from LA Carrie!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 55
Given the number of Xmas Cards I received in the mail this year, it seems way too many people know where I live. Might be time to move again
I've invested in my body for years now.Time to do something with it.
Even though I had a spring break, I still have a case of spring fever. I just want to go outside and play......
Now even Heaven is blue today. You should hear the Chelsea roar. Hear the Chelsea roar!
Credible rumors seem to think we will see iPhone5 on Oct 7th. We'll see.
who is u talkin to
UGH vTiger is garbage! It's a knockoff of Sugar, and Sugar wasn't that great to begin with! Sucks to be YOU!
lol not really, mrs working told it a lot better
tehe, much obliged 😘
Yes, Jen got the ok to travel from doctor. We will be in Haiti with the mission team in a few hours. Thx!
The cooler, soon-to-be Fall weather says, "oh, it's time for a warm, soothing massage!" It's chilly out there...you like or not?
RT : A Few Simple Home Cleaning Tips: It doesn't take a rocket scientist to keep your place spic and span. If you are......
tell i say happy mothers day! i feel lik she is my 2nd mom evn tho i havent even gotten to meet her. love you!
Didn't Doug Melvin say that the Brewers couldn't afford him even on a one year deal?
Thunderclap woke me up from falling asleep on the couch...this rain is so peaceful, I could listen to it all night.
Nice! Congrats. Would love to start doing long rides into the country again, but still too much snow and ice.
Let's make a bottle cap version :)
yep its been a minute, what's been up?
So, this week blew so I am rewarding myself with a Special Z Dirty Martini! #weekend!
Just got called "big homie" by a real change guy...I think I'll keel it!
sound like somebody ik
Lol Tellit sister RT : P.S. There's nothing wrong with being home on a Saturday night. ;-)
Designs are lookin good..hm impressive.
I hate not having him here.
Singing boyfriend by jb with chris In class(x
My birthday was on tuesday.. Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" Please? (:
I hate to see you go but I love to watch ya leave.
you text-ed me fool. And I can't text back because of my nails. don't embarrass me on here please anywhere but here!
100% agree! RT Best way to show kids how to find their passion in life? Let them know you've found yours.
PBJ time? Happy #Friday!
Community Agriculture Alliance: Local food, Deep Roots
So ready for VEGAS!!!
Looking for Super Cute Friends! We L O V E you!
you can sync both but sometimes you may get her apps and vice versa.Dinner would be great, I'll email and we'll figure out a time.
Exhausted doesn't even begin to cut it!
No, I just couldn't control my excitement.
Bought a plane ticket this afternoon, either I need to get a job that pays me real money or I need to stay put.
Who's doing the flipping? Can we get a designated flipper?
Good morning to all my friends both new and old :)
great stuff going to have to hang on to it.
hahahahaha you and me both, COD and NBA
No body is going to love me better , I must stick with you forever .
Thank you for the follow, Alexander
Breaking up is never fun.
WHERE ARE MY MW3 BUDDIES
I gotta Dominican girl.
Nothing better than laying in a pitch black cold room under warm blankets!! Actually going to bed at a decent hour.. I'm shocked!
choosing an appropriate used car is ... causing me headache!
bonjour! Please follow so that I may give you my info.
We need followers we will follow back
RT I hate seeing relatives that I only see on holidays. I don't know why. It pisses me off
Sometimes cell phones get in the way......of what I'm feeling Word to Hey shawty.......
JMay!! :) Great to see you again yesterday.
I hope ive been trying for forever
Subway act stingy as hell with they meat. You pretty much eating all bread
if you were more "peep's champ/captain charisma", you could have ......but the PEEP'S CHAMP must return!
I hear that!
Ooh thanks girl! What did you get? I hope you enjoyed it all! RT : Spent almost 30$ on Subway..
and - that last RT of mine was for you!
We're looking for a new home. Suggestions for radio stations welcome. (No BlogTalk, please)
Rivera has torn ACL. I never thought something like this would happen to him. I thought he was inhuman. Get well.
I NEED MORE CHAOS!
You're welcome!
Are big girl panties the same thing as grandma panties?
Nothing is more frustrating than taking the time to send a proper ARC #book request, only to never hear back. Just say no.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! Q
Awww! Thank you!! You're too sweet. Are you going to Warwick this weekend?
#turntable needs some headbanging animation
The staff has recovered from a successful print auction, now back to work!!
3 agencies work on Honda. Who is accountable?
If this was Jeopardy, the question in response to this answer would be "What are things that are awesome?"
Just when work had me wanting to "jump" you saved the day with your beautiful music LOL
Jordan's FB like now; 1.1 million. After GMYH and the new album, 2.0 would be cool!!
Thanks for the follow #voices #voice over
I need a drink. Or nine..
I need more time..
Ditto, classic RT : "I love you and I like you" is my new favorite thing, ever. Thank you #ParksAndRec! ;)
SUCK IT AL-QAIDA! RT : #Preds have won three games in a row seven times this season, most recently in Rd 1 v. Detroit.
im on my naborghs r coming to take a shower ans i love skittels and gooing to a partty may 5 u should goo
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 344
Wallflowers & 3rd Eye Blind head #Nats post game concert series. To keep with the theme, they also announced they will be called the Expos.
THANK YOU FOR THE WISH. SORRY I COULD NOT REPLY SONNER. I HAVE IN TRIALS FOR TWO WEEKS. DANIE
What a perfect time for my computer to crash
...so either your sources have no backbone, you're slanting the question, or you're Glass-ing it.
I love him.
This miami airport just erupted with that barcelona goal...great place to watch futball
Life is too short to drink bad wine." ~ Anonymous
MOBB DEEP is trending on twitter! Shook Ones is being used in an NBA commercial? This..wasn't expected!
Did y'all miss me?
Uh oh
Watching this nigga sing beat it on #WSHH CTFU!!!!!!
Styles How That Work
Hey do you know if they are doing Christmas Lights Up the "Y" in Bellevue this year ?
Suggest to landlord: NO poison. In case one of the little buggers DOES get caught by a mighty hunting cat.
come to the library with and
It's #thirstyThursday...what are you doing to celebrate?
so much shit to do!
bored now...
Partnership models between scholars and libraries: what can each partner provide to help the other?
This lady I dont even know just stopped me &told me my makeup is too grown for my age... O_o
Panic in the DC office: cockroach found in a box of sugar packets. Time to work from home the rest of the day?
"Kind Woman" by Buffalo Springfield is one of my favorite tracks ever.
#TheSwamp awakens from hibernation MT : Have u been paying attention?. Something significant happens in 122 days (what is it?).
We love being included in Acupuncture news, thank you!
Saw a turkey while biking today and concluded that turkeys are dumb. Instead of going into the woods to evade us, it ran in a straight line.
Just watched an excellent production of My Fair Lady in Polish at the Lodz Opera though I can't say I did a very good job of following it...
love you too!!
haha I'm sorry we couldn't make it on sat 😔
No time to start like the present. RT : It is a great Monday! ... We are just amazed at the amount of ppl taking their fates into ...
Hope is hearing the melody of the future. Faith is to dance to it.
my back hurts wanna go to sleep but since i missed SCARED STRAIGHT today i have to wait till 2am to watch it (Im Tired). -Chelsea
I Found Out that is...
hot in georgia? great that means tyler's having nice weather too. :)
thanks brynn :D
I can't take it!! XL is such a good club!! It just opened today! Love it :)
You. Already know wat time it is
I did! V intense. Nothing will beat the bomb ep ever though
Had a great night last night with the Wright's work today from 8:30 - 2
you win.
my dad took my phone
I 2nd that. Best food ever!
Andrew Borowiec and Chad States have submitted their industry images
lets party
I haven't been here for 2 weeks I think . So busy days! School :'( I miss you all♥ I am so sad right now, please tweet me?:)♥
I know the feeling - can't wait to hear how it turns out
Stop passing to Joel...Err I mean Haslem
I find it really weird that all this week everytime I lay down for bed I feel sick.
Food, entertainment, games, golf, music, drinks and a hotel room! We have all your weekend preps here
Just finished a great site visit from the United Way Allocations Committee! It's always fun sharing our school with new friends!
I will be back tomorrow ;)
NEED FOLLOWERS
overall down year, but Cali provides much needed prospects this year
I blame Lavy for this series. Why did wellwood play only 6 mins?
I feel so guilty about canceling Josie's super nice doggy nanny who loves her even though I'll be home all of July.
Holding a bag of ice in your hand is really cold, even if it's necessary.
Time for a big a$$ beer with good friends :D
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried TX teens rose 7 percent to over 44,000. Infant mortality rate was up 10%.
hate that! If desktop, multiple windows helps - tweetchat, hootsuite, twitter.
I make money make money make money
so far so good. I will keep you posted on the progress. Next round is Thursday.
Q: What do you call a drummer with half a brain? A: Gifted
I'm with a Georgetown grad friend in LA who is speaking highly of your book, #BunnyTales! xo AJ
looking at a number around 25 from MKE
i mean play lol
To be honest .. I think George Bush screwed it up for ALL of us! -_-
I could imagine the foolishness u have to deal with from some of these producers smh.
Thanks for the shout out! Love The Empath Daily
Pennsylvania is fucking hot as hell, oh my god.
Happy New Year Jorma and best wishes for 2012!
No prob! Love your work!
I really adore socially awkward people... but this causes me to think that maybe it's because I'm one as well.
Senior fun day!!!
Glad to hear! Enjoy!!
"God has the Power to show you who's God"
Just realized that I don't have to go back to work (at one of my jobs) until tomorrow. I have really lost track of time.
looking for yes!
: okay! Live you too.
Not what I wanted to walk out to, but okay.
Dancing alone in my room blasting the music, forgetting about everything >>>>>>>
Next at #codeforoakland: Oakland Food Finder: to help ppl access fresh local food, esp. in Oakland's food desert. Also help urban farmers.
So y'all at SNL get raptured? All us priestly types seem to still be here. Maybe God just wants folks who make God laugh
I get to see my two favorite bands in the same summer. I am such a happy girl I could squeal!
Time To Mow The Grass
10 days until Christmas! Is your shopping done yet? Do you prefer to shop online or in the stores? I did about 50/50 this year!
The movie "Tap" starring Gregory Hines.
“: We can only hope our future husband decides to marry us while on a date with another girl. #bachelor” @
check this link out my radio interview sept 4
oh so many things to do on a day off so little time to do it all!
New Parody Coming Up in Honor of This Weeks ECA Testing: To the Tune of Katy Perry's "This is the Part of Me." Stay tuned. . .
What an exciting weekend, then offshore job for Exxon Monday.
oh hahaha!! I'll have to let u know when I get em next lol
Oh don't say tht. I'm actually really self conscious like I'm fat an ugly an I'm rly jealous of peppl
Fina Do Some Planning For My #19thBDayParty! ITS GONE BE SOME SERIOUS !
Watching Friday in 4th period and everying saying the movie word for word ugh...
Trying to quit chew is one of the hardest fucking things I've ever done!!! Fuckkkkkk!!!!!!
And the saga goes on. RT Ed Rendell says his group's bid for Philly newspapers is still on, lashes out at critics of the deal.
Bought 4 new books today... I think i have reading A.D.D. Yet I'm content with it, & ready to add to the 15 unfinished others
"If You're Not Pissing Someone Off, You're Probably Not Innovating" Who are have you pissed off recently?
#SometimesIJustWant Lay in bed and eat chocolate and watch movies about chocolate and burp.
David speaking now.
he writes worse than a 6 yr old too
Everyday I Choose - Every day, you and I get to choose our attitude, standards, behaviors and reactions. We get to choose the labels we...
I have over 1,000 pictures on my phone. I should really go delete some..,
I also worry b/c late talking can be one of the earlier signs of #ASD. Delaying vital EI services would be a grave mistake.
Nice Houston AMA #OTC2012 event Thursday night. The Houston AMA is a big group.
Many musical thanks for following to , , , &
And on the 6th day of being back in San Diego, I finally unpacked. And cleaned. This working from home thing is nice.
don't drink the water! I'm sad I didn't get to meet Fox when I was in town.
#3WordsOfAdvice Never get attached.
follow me your so beautiful and talented :)
I don't think these stupid motherfuckers know if it's a one way
Had a great girls night out with and Carol L.
Maybe I missed it, but not seeing much mention of identity in the 'path to the cloud' news from
Just saw 'Extracted' at #sxsw. Exceptional film and not a version of 'Inception'
That building off of Jackson is the Harold Washington branch of the Chicago Public Library. Check it out while you're in town!
So ready for PROM tomorrow:)
Please check out One Vibe's new web site. www.onevibeafrica.org Let us know your thoughts through this page. Peace, One Vibe team
looks like Mr. Potato Head hahahahahah
woohoo(me too) :P~
wrong num meant for me? If so just been too long. Used 2 hang in the old apt. Dated Kim b4 chris. That should ring a bell
Everyone's doing something tonight and I'm here in my room just sleeping for hours and listening to music. Lalala time to sing. :)
As soon as finals are over, I'm catching up on my reviewing! Yay! (Plus I want to read the ABNA excerpts that moved on!)
love the basis of your blog...
i liked alot of them i wanna buy that kris kross one
what are the broncos real chances of landing peyton?
Spinach is good for your hair-apply “internally”, eat it, don’t wear it.
Packer-Viking kickoff now 3:15 on Nov 1. Extra 3 hours + beer + brett = one seriously rowdy lambeau.
#3DaysUntilBoyfriend and #BoyfriendOnMonday is trending<3 So proud of !
Family party's<<<
Nice work! Been swimming 4 months ago as our kids do swim team. Hard to build up "water stamina".
Does it bother anyone else when someone says the same thing, the same way, every day?
I'm a Hobbit fan too. They're also making a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
she will be with you forever
In honor of my Birthday, Select items will be 10% off this Thursday!!! MARK YOUR CALENDERS!
Yes! Agreed!
Where Them HEAT FANS??? Yall Mighty Quiet
Cycled in the rain today...ugh
sorry my bad
Can I PLEASE get gospel mix w etc so I can get my praise on while I run?
a tip of my hat to my first follower -thank you kind maiden
Idk what to do
#1DinSweden oh gosh these boys are gonna get into trouble
lol now all we gotta do is find her. you think her rate dropped? lols
You kidding? American politics is my favorite sitcom! I just wish it wasn't being turned into pro wrestling these last few years!
no one likes me ok
C-SPAN's coverage of subcommittee on WaMu's failure. Did they not think higher pay for higher risk loans would be a problem?
Good night, sad man. Give Jan Brewer a big wet one from me :)
"I wonder who invented dancing? You know. Just bounce around. If you didn't know what dancing was she'd look so stupid"
#iwca Littlejohn remarks on double standard: we tell students not to text in class but we oft chk our phones and txt in meetings
So glad you enjoyed yesterday! Thx for coming out. #LALA cc
if rereading and editing my book proposal made me weep does it mean... it's really powerful or I am hormonal??
all 5 of our music vids will be on HDNet's Music Discovery. HDNet is on AT&T U-verse, Dish Network, & DirecTV! Set yr shit 2 record!
Best word used in my house tonight: "stupidpants."
Lunch time in t-10min!!! Where to go, where to go?
Justin Will Make Haters Believe & Kidrauhl Is Our Sexpanther ;D <3
Snow White and the Huntsman Sam Claflin Clip and New Behind-the-Scenes Featurette
#takers is out on DVD now I'll have to make sure not to rent or buy it Paul walker is awful Oh yea and so r all the other actors in it!
RT - I know my Cleveland sports history very well, at least when it comes to the Indians & the Cavs. Lol
The #Indians are #JohnnyDamon's 7th different Club.
have you been called corona yet.?
Hey, I can loan them a flatbed scanner and a knife. <ducks> <hides>
Please don't let the ice-cream truck come just before dinner time. That is all.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Dumb and Dumber
Always looking for models every Monday!
Just spent like 3 hours watching videos...although i've seen them all...more than 5 times atleast :P
RT Writing recipes for our easter specials lamb albondiguitas (tiny lamb meatballs) with mint chimmichurri to name one
If you call girls bitches, tell em' to "suck it" , "smd", all that extra shit, just fucking kill yourself ..
Take pictures and share !
#PLL whats going to happen to them :/
OH MY GOD. IM SO SORRY FOR YOUU. D:
I need open bar season like yesterday!
Ravens' 38 points on 2nd half opening drives are second most in the NFL
Can you hear me know?
Do you really use a Pacojet to shave potatoes? If so, that is pretty heroic.
Excited for tonight
Happy Birthday Robert Downey Jr. #TeamDowney and also with truly love happy birthday to Heath Ledger
Congrats! Starting the game now... :-)
: Hey - here I am! x”. There you both are!
lmaoo thats was up , sorry im late
Thanks to all the supporters that came to the long beach show....
4 Not-So-Obvious Things to Research Before Buying a Home
Night guys and girls, have a fulfilling rest tonight or the sleepy man gone get you at school;)))
very true =) sometimes i just watch faustao & fantastico lol
t-shirt and #sunshine weather in
Last grad school class in one hour....!
Disneyland with my mom again!! :)
listen idk how I'm supposed to get over this if i keep dreaming about it...i was doing so good a first.
2 more in the season
Yes it's early, but are you as excited about this season as we are?
Sorry guys but I might not answer cause i'm going to the library.
liked Maslow's hierarchy of tweets, but think the noble aspects of belonging moving to service/self-actualization were left out
Companies like Netscape, and AOL where are they now?
What an amazing win Kentucky #NCAAFinals,
RT Members of , the St. Anne's clergy, & community groups are BLOCKADING the Mardi Gras Casino
Good luck tonight, Ryan!!
Keith ova there actin out songs and sht!
Stanton is insane.
no wrestling is a real sport
all day everyday and I appreciate ya! Much love
hearing Enrique Iglesias in Pandora tonight im loving u but rdio single is tonight im forking u or fuckin you
Ew why. No.
Thanks so much! i love peeps, with peeps! Let me know if you need anything from me.
turned out good tho..."for the kill"especially
No Burning Man this year. Their afterparty "decompression" is held right outside my window in dogpatch in SF.
Telling stories and passing on knowledge always happens in a particular place - and the place makes a difference.
Holy hell! Its not even July yet.
Bringing up shit from the past that don't need to be brought up are
I WILL <3
Couldnt do sutures though.kept sterile.might try to do sutures... if i think i can keep sterile.on antibiotics anyway for sinus infection
ight ight will do. Right on bro
Gotta check with the chefs. Will let you know.
There are those moments in my life that I'll always remember. Not because they were important but because you were there with me...
For all those awesome Cincy Bands out there....Fountain Square is currently accepting submissions for consideration for the 2012 season. G..
My Mommy smells like booze.
u got a Facebook
I also have nice pants
Hey fellows! Go south on 58 street south go tell the end look for o mats
I was Tryna call u bro I called u when we was at the mall
Sent office assistant for coffee but came back 30 minutes later with a bottle of Tequila, Chips, and a case of beer. He is a man among boys!
you are one of the few in the press to mention this. I wonder why the big networks are reporting this information.
CU= lovable gorgeous pretty nice. Singer. Beautiful. Happy. Fabulous. Role modle. Actress. Blondie.
Sergio Leone's birthday, one of my favorite directors & J.R.R. Tolkien's birthday, one of my favorite writers
Another Saturday morning on the pitch. Go Waunakee U12 boys!
"Priesthood is not about responding, it's about initiating." --my Bishop today in our combined 3rd hr lesson
lol i might have too lol but depends you know :/
I believe that you basically "are who you are" by the time your 15. That story says a lot to me.
See I thought so cuz you said half and half and well it may be just a little off but I could be considered half and half haha
hm idk can I let you guys know later in the week?
Women's expo at Cashman Field today 9-5 Washington & LV Blvd. Come see us!
That's the illest!
Happy Child Welfare Professionals Day to all those who work to protect children!
The littlest things in life can make a huge impact. So TRY not to do anything you will regret in the future. Its your life, dont waste it<3
Have to intentionally set up a space where race can coexist. #interiordesign #dogoodsummit via
Sgt. John Mikkola: He won't accept his shooter's apology but says he will sit down with him one day man to man.
waiting for people to get on that twittercullens.com chat so i can chat them!!!
Im not single & im not taken im simply reserve from the one that deserves my heart <3.
FUCK YOU JUSTIN. Why do you have to look so damn hot on that fucking motorcycle. MY OVARIES
Me too
Good Afternoon Warriors!!!!!!
Anyone else see the game had? 20 points! Unbelievable!
Live streaming is so slow!
good fight. Cutto need to learn how to punch cuz he sure can take one or two. fuck it a lot
yeah man, that used to be about 30% of my life. It's sad that percent has gone down to like almost 0
go me what?? lol Go me to bed? Go me to mental hopsital? lol
Man, whatever happened to Huxley? I was so excited for it like 5 years ago...
nice parallel parkin job...took 5 times n had to go around tha block smh
Reporter brings up issue of parking and the strong protests from PSq business owners
Dear dairy, someone told me I have dyslexia on MILK day
good discussion. I don't think Obamacare's priority was health care reform. Can't be if thousands of waivers were given to unions.
Don't let the silence mean nothing is happening. Quite the opposite. Something big is in the works for Distortion.
Lost like 6 followers overnight hahahaha
The Lord is near to the brokenhearted, and saves the crushed in spirit.
I truly believe if the president comes out for gay marriage, it will cost him the election. Anti-gay forces will RALLY, big time.
I ve got too much to thank Him for too run out of praise
If the US is determined to celebrate St. Pat's like New Year's Eve shouldn't we also have today off?!
Look at the everyday world for inspiration.
Talking about your Annie Leibowitz photo in contemporary art class Love it! Inspired a huge discussion!
Dance Dance Dance! (:
that's right you'll be seeing me making my rounds!! Haha
From my head all the way to my feet, it's strange what I've become.
yeahh but its ok she hates me too soo that just makes us #TWINZZZ even though we already are
ok she likes how foreign cars ride
Judge Smith explaining ruling now...
#RagsMay28th That's my birthday!!! It comes out on my birthday!!!! 🎉🎈🎁😄💗😁
ESSAY: "Mencken's world and mine," by // RT Great read--well done!!
$100 Google Word Coupon with a purchase of a Basic Web Design. www.gostudiogreen.com
my hero!
Thanks for the RT
Is anyone concerned the new games 1V1 & 2V2 - #MW3 are going make boosting/cheating worse, is something in place for that?
#nlcatlanta Listening to the 5w's of Social Media
axe in truck when we find yuh its hurtin
Happy Easter bro! Thanks for #rockin us tonight on
Apparently when you order food in Texas with the word "diabla" in it, it's spicy as hell...
any news on what went down at #OpryMills at closing 2nite? Police everywhere. We felt unsafe. A chase & maybe a fight as we exited.
Women have their faults. Men have only two. Everything they say. Everything they do.
Oh no. We're very concerned.
haha - oops, I lied, I did read that piece. :) Great writing as always.
Well have good time chilling love u
because i'm a dirty yankee?
“: Producers That Wanna Work Hit me up We working on a Big Project With ”
RT #GYTSM launches Million Messages in May, send out a safe driving message 2day incl. and we'll RT you...
I rather he be in there then dead happy i met a good friend
i get hope its still on when i get homee
Some very talented women on stage right now!
Hopefully my car is done tomorrow tho. I miss my dam mustang.
yea ikr haha i cant wait for this weekend
You & shows are always getting screwed by American Idol! New Girls and Bones are SO MUCH better!
ITS TRENDING IN UNDER A MINTUE<3<3 MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER
I'm seeing shows Friday night . Lemme know if u wanna join
ATTN!> SXSW Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.. hit us up!!
A house has the character of the man who lives in it.
Avatar sucks! Lame plot and characters. The 3D gave me an eye ache. Overrated!
gonna be my lawyer when I get into this music more!!!
Don't forget we have gift certificates for that relaxing gift you want to give this holiday season!
Thanks to your tweet, I dvr'd a rerun of the Always Sunny with Frank's brother - that was brilliant
yay ! This could make tonight real wild !!
Some people are just complete idiots.
i just got my double down..really..?
I'm really not going to care about the lockup until they mess up the playoffs...then it gets real ugly
Good morning! Have a great day..be happy, life is what you make it!
Suicide under investigation caused closing of Edgewater State Park in #Cleveland yesterday. Any details?
I Swear People That Should Even Be Wearing Jordan's Be At This Release!
Awe , whiteboy crushin that's cute!
He was too mean to die ~ so we worked ~ on making him ~ a little nicer ~ and hoped.
Delightful indeed! Your book is awesome...
What exactly do you mean, Kevin? Like, do I prefer it over KP++? Or what?
Smh Smh. So you don't eat because of homework????
Glad that first half is over. is a better second half club. Happy I convinced a few of the patrons to stick around
GUUHH. YOU'RE EFFIN GORGEOUS. AND YOU'RE NOT FAT.
RT : I'm part of a show at the UNLV Museum. Opening tonight. So if, y'know, you don't have anything else going on 'n stuff.
It's all your fault!
haha most definitely. still, having a megaphone or two, some signs, tent poles, and media would not be a bad beginning!
creditcardprocess (ChuckKeenon) thanks for the follow.
Hey your tavern of the game!! Call and get your tickets!
The Hannah Dasher fragrance of the day..."Exxon Mobil" spewed gasoline all OVER myself at the pump this morning.
Good choice ;-)
Nothing To do.............. Bored but ok i am going to the park to hoop i think i will do that........... not right now because it'stoearly
I had a ball in Luanda singing w Bobby Sparks,Yotam Silverstein,Quincy Phillips and Roy Hargrove! Organ trio,baby! <3<3
black ass
Antiqued Paint Corner Computer Desk Workstation &amp; Hutch Reviews
Thrilled about awarded Baltimore's best men's clothing , thanks for all of you that voted for in this category!
Whitney Houston Dead! God Bless her family!
(Excited!) RT Martinez Very focused & productive call with today. Big, secret stuff being planned for summer!
Ean enjoys #Mozart; #Beethoven, not so much.
I didn't lie..
SQLite's simpler for pure reporting/analysis on your cpu; use MySQL for building web applications
makes sense
ur mad its ok :) I would be to if my fave was nicki...thank goodness for Lola *wipes forehead*
does anyone know if there is another progress check in ap lang tomorrow?!
Ms. Fromme...Algebra I....for making me forget that I wasn't "good at math"
I don't like Mort on Family Guy....and no it's not because I'm German lol
Running through the woods after a husky is no fun
Likewise! And yes, come back to DC!
not a bad description.
Italian ices with mommy jack &bella<3:)
Happy birthday Janet Jackson!
Bruce, thanks for the welcome. Toiling away in NM, TX, LA, OK, & AR now. Miss San Diego mucho.
because there is more of an involved self respect for yourself and others industry wise when u let thingsflowonthereowntime;)
Really now.. I'm getting off Twitter.
see Josh Collmenter “: first time watching Marcum this season...how does a guy that doesn't throw over 88 achieve success?
It must be said that 's Christmas blend is insanely delish...and organic. <3 Treat yourself to 2 pounds today!
As a heat fan I hate the lakers but I have to respect Kobe and his skillz
I want some carrots and cucumbers :)
Couldn't agree more. Just broke away from the marathon and I'd seen most of them.
Drake and Josh, josh says itt (:
Artists that sign with record companies can see profit margins greatly decreased!
RT thanks Skechers for supporting him after "another sponsor" didn't believe in him anymore.
Don't know why I'm so melancholy today:(
sooner. Sooner.
Ah. THAT's why I never heard back about soccer in Lake Mills. *saw ad in paper for recreation director today*
Those who do not understand me fear me. Those who do understand me fear for themselves...lol
Ha! My fingers made up a new word: ifferentiate.
Very warm out! I think the sun made me sleepy. I'm not sure what I want to do next...
<-- now following mauh!!
Texas Relays?
totally disagree -- an institution is only as strong as it students no matter their background.
Bladder argues with the brain receptor
RT : yes it was good to see ya! I was carb loading too... You know, for all the marathon cheering.//lol :)
Thanks for the free publicity!
nah, but i was running alongside and terrified for my life. hope you had fun!
#Alliclass seting goals: How to improve institutional theatre structures? How to improve Commercial theatre in NYC as an industry?
Thanks for the support putting in the work.. :)
It finally occured to me what path was best. That it's the one of highest resistance is rather besides the point, or perhaps the whole point
If I like it I may move I kinna need a new start
- scraper fail. This shocking headline links to story. Visa Exposed As Massive Credit Card Scam sns.mx/WbfYy6
thanks so much for the FF last week <3
World&#39;s fastest toilet on wheels
wish we had a team. I'm all pirates. Or Toronto.
Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
OMG I know!!! Have you seen my rant haha
Thank you to all who have been following our World Health Day Twitter chat in the last 60 minutes.
#nashville followers, tune in to Lighting 100 tomorrow around lunchtime to hear about
happy second thanksgiving. leftovers always taste better, and for that i am grateful!
gettin ready for work blarring my country music 🎤🎵🎶
Is being administratively-challenged a good thing?
Now let buster do a line off ur boner in Philidelphia
Nick Perry AND Clay Matthews? Sorry about crapping your pants to all other quarterbacks. Welcome to the family baby.
I once prayed to god for a bike, but quickly found out he didnt work that way...so I stole a bike and prayed for his forgiveness
Back home, on the couch, beer in hand. It feels just as good to be back home as it does to get away.
Now the whole party is melting like Dali
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
dope club! Gonna be sick!!
And dont ask me for advice. Im single and therefore my advice wont do nothing but lead you to where I am. Home alone...lol.
I'm not gonna trade ACab
Bruner gets Raven award
hawaii is my #1choice! Im rdy....>>>>Paradise
you clearly don't watch hockey and are a waste of time. Your arrogance is alarming.
My mom doesn't understand twitter! How doesn't she! Haha
Wow what a crazy thunderstorm! Woke me right up!
You're only limited by your own imagination! And money. And talent. And genetics. And time. And other people. Go for it!
aw dang. good luck :-/
Looking forward to meeting you. Stay tuned for details coming up soon.
Is Klonopin The Most Deadly Prescription Drug In The World?
4 reminders / day to use your camera: the big smile. A really big smile is a lot of work unless its a candid big smile. Get to work!
Not a problem, thanks for clarifying!
Whenever you are giving a presentation, always, always, always insure that the projection system works.
Company is needed time to text some people
Yessssir! But I'll text you when my phone is not-so about to be dead. Running on 10% ! Probably later tonight when I get home!
Because Penny is not a geek?
dont support gay marriage and i believe it is a sin. Just like drinking smoking and raising hell which we've all done
I can't stand major chain store associates with their upselling tactics. I'm there to buy one thing jackwagon #382review Thanks
You know you're a #singer w a glamorous life when you sing #Mahler #Symphony 2 and then go home and run the dishwasher.
last day of #summerofriesling come in, drink up
Love mornings like this ;)
Lion Envy
Thinking of a life change but not sure how? Try Thursday AM’s workshop on setting & reaching your work/life goals. Call to register.
we will consider it, haha ;)
U R welcome Jenelle RT Thank you for getting me the P audition. I am very excited about this role!!!
Man is always more than he can know of himself.
Rosehaven working with two new writers!!!! Pre-production of movies soon!!!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!..
Texas is so boring. Theres nothing here -.-
I'm not her, but she's married to my brother. Aren't her Buns seriously awesome?! She's so talented.
TELL YOUR WHOLE GOTDAMN LIFE ON TWITTER WTH.
you better rock the crocs with me tomorrow..
Have you posted your positions to TheRuthieList?
It would be impossible to hear the irony of Joe's Garage without hearing the song because the outer song is its own type of types.
To my health care peeps: coverage of the AHIP Conference in San Diego
Dear Righties: The whole Justin Bieber/9/11 not-mosque thingie is a hoax. He never said it. You are so easily riled up about nothing.
Now That I Am Older The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
some FAVS RT : What are some good nail polish brands?
three year old on trike wearing paper mâché sloth outfit = awesome. #MayDay2012rode in.circles all the way!
This mall truly is a wasteland.
You still have time to prepare but don't worry fellow mudders are awesome they usually help you out.
Davidson: "calculated disruption" can lead to insight, e.g. study abroad
RIGHT! then u have to pick out clothes that can nd cant go in the dryer -__-
Thx, it's really who gets all the credit for that one though
You are a delight!
27 where are you? Its 85 in chicago
today is very interesting.... lots of things going on... stay tuned!!!
LOL, it's all good. You're making more good music...so that offers more opportunities
Many thanks to and his staff for a friendly meeting today on the state of funding for the humanities!
I take it the date went well?!? :)
Please pray for my meniscus
yes really...he is a #BANGARANG veteran
Thank you..look forward to talking some more.
I'm torn on how I feel about slots in the city proper. We need the revenue but do we need a slots parlor?
Omg!! Twitter keeps unfollowing people!! If my twitter unfollows you please dont unfollow me im trying to follow everyone back ASAP!! (:
It. Was. Delicious.
B Love intercepts. 23 secs left to 1st half.
I hope that I don't embarrass my self .
coming up on Midday series on health care, hear about 'frequent fliers' putting a strain on the system- at 12:15!
Spending the morning with the #DalaiLama at
Ahh, success! Can now load a bank of programs in VSTI , which now responds appropriately to program changes!
Hey urrybody follow her, shes cool :-) RT I need more # 5ers to follow me :)
Hey this is this is my other account follow me and tell megan too i cant find her k thanks c:
I feel horrible. :/
#truth I got to be with you. want to be with you. Need to be with you.
RT "Cinema, what I care about, would not exist without Kodak film and George Eastman House." - Jonas Mekas
im taking a leap of faith
oops, I meant #sipamiami ... see you at the Edeen Roc!
Thanks, Barbara. Hope that your composing is going brilliantly.
Who ever gave me that mini bottle was a saint! I love that tiny little thing 😊
SO CHECK YOUR SELF CAUSE YOU GOT ME FUCKED UP THINKING IM MAKING THIS SHIT UP FOR SOME FUCK UP IN JAIL
Nice tweet about Steve V. Thanks.
If it's a stove pipe, res ipse loquitor.
get Bluey, Sosner, Bally, Zues, & the rest of the crew on board and come do a few shows here! Please!
RT : Heavy snow at Eisenhower Tunnel. 6" so far. I-70 closed Eastbound Silverthorne to the tunnel. Loveland Pass closed.
Getting a quote on a Welsh Heritage tour, including a trip to the Eisteddfod in August.
Happy smiles for women who have back scratchers for feet I can help them get thier feet back to purr-in naturally w/out harsh skin removal
Right?! Wouldn't it be awesome to sleep right now like most people -_
yo hit me up
yes, one of my least favorite. Couldn't they have come up with one woman who contributed to tech?
#sweetdreams all! I know mine will be!
Umm, been told its snowing in LA. Happy to live in Chicago where snow is not a surprise.
... That's embarrassing..
that one guy were texting about :P<3 <*ItsBeenAWhile*>
What if zombies could jump like the hulk?? We're all going to die. -.-
You are not a faggot.. i think ur adorable! <3
great! Can't wait for weekend though! 💤💤💤
tenennenenenenenene what song is that?
good luck, give us a call if you do get murdered
I hate incoming calls while im relaxing...if I don't initiate *shrugs*
Steve Bartowski, Jimmy Johnson, Art Monk and Ty Detmer among the 2012 College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Will do. Thanks for that. cc/
Givers song, Up Up Up, as heard on WFUV, will be featured on Glee next week. That's so great.
so drowsy
Can never go wrong listening to George Strait
Does anybody remember Charlie the unicorn! Lmao!
Did a Google search to find Chris Ash's coaching profile, but I'm guessing the Twitter account that turned up () probably isn't him
"I got lotsa sides -- good, bad, awful, and worse. Which one you wanna see?" young writer in last night's Oakland Juvenile Hall workshop
will try to make it :)
Bacon on the inside is brilliant, but you guys should add peanut butter on top =
that was pretty RT : Lob city!
Livin in a Hell House ! Sometimes I just wana disappear from the World and all its fucked up CONTENT ! ..
if you have time are you going to Home Depot?
Applying for jobs so I have money when they kick me out :/
reading between the lines, does that suggest no to Marcum?
Now from Bridgeview IL to Hoffman Estates, IL at Americas for gig #2 from 7-9pm with See you there!
My book, 1-800 Awesome, will teach you how to position yourself to increase your personal hourly rate by being a healthier,
dang it. I'm jealous. Why can't I just do it? I think it's because I'm scared to feel disconnected from new york
Aha , Jaiden dumb .
Heaven's gas and lights were turned off. No tenants qualified and the rent was too damn high; it was gentrified hollow.
USA downs Belarus 5-3, out shooting them 36-26 today at the Worlds. US goals by Abdelkader, Atkinson, Thompson, Ryan & Stastny.
Congratulations to Eli Manning and the New York Giants, Super Bowl XLVI Champions.
HI Curt, glad you got hip to Blackout. Have you seen Harris live? He's a great performer/improviser
In support of Small Business Saturday, I will be speaking at a press conference (2:00 pm) today in Hoboken at the Big Toy Fun store, 602 Wa…
If Peyton Manning signs with Broncos do you want Tim Tebow? If he signs with Titans, would you want Matt Hasselbeck? Is Matt Flynn your QB?
Now my thyroid is more or less normal, I need to shed the excess 60 lbs. by Saturday night. Any tips?
Hampton Inn
I dont mean to sound sly but Ive got a gay friend who thinks ur gorgeouse &he wants 2no if ur gay or not but hes 2 afraid 2 ask x
If you think too much about being re-elected, it is very difficult to be worth re-electing. #President Woodrow
The Republican's version of the Declaration of Independence reads "All men are created equal....unless you're gay, black, Muslim, Mexican...
Man accused of stabbing SDPD officer is charged w/ seven felonies and faces life in prison if convicted.
nah ' alive
no fair: how'd you get repeat signs on twitter?!
Well, that's at least half a dozen of us!
Did someone just toot in downtown OKC?
The intro of the film made me think that this was a very LA entertainment industry "feel good" film. Over the top cliches!
im not trust me
#Chicago check out the & produced portfolio at Mess Hall tonite, 6-9 pm. Temp Services has a poster in it. Rogers Park.
I bought the most amazing python boots for fall and now I ckin out the pink suede pumps for spring OMG!! Gotta have!
Commercial banks and savings institutions originated $162 billion of single-family loans through retail outlets in the third quarter
Bike Night starts May 17th – are you as excited as we are?
Spent the day preparing to catalog toy soldiers. Just preparing. I'm already out of my league, over my head, and a wee bit under interested.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless my kids finally falling asleep :)
See us at the 2012 Wineries Unlimited Conference & Trade Show Richmond, VA, March 27-29. Discounts on all booth displays! Bring your truck!
wowzers! I must have really had too much. What have you been doing with your bad self? We need to get down soon! No tazers.
When the shampoo is soothing and the detangling is smooth and painless the doors of the church open up.
let's ball up ? ! I got hyperfuse , and they look like they need to be worked out ;D
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Fruit Bake 4.5 / 5 Stars | 2 Reviews by EDINMETR "Peaches, pears and rhubarb bake together beneath a sweet and c
i wanna c dat. i liked tha last video u dis;):)
take him lol. He wont be missed
I was able to help a client increase traffic to their site by 830% since last year. I am very proud of that!!
I have the same syndrome. I annoy the crap out of myself.
Must be the greatest thing to ever happen to Baylor University. Congrats on the Heisman.
At the lecture at , "On the Ideal of Independence."
I'm sorry! Everything is too funny idk why
Howard Stern = No #AGT. Makes it easy to choose not to watch.
Maybe Jersey. Don't know! Haha
. It looks like we are / already following you / ev'rybody wins! :)
tickets, bought. time to hit the (spanish work)books.
Burke can only be a one man show for so long. Who else is gonna step up for Big Blue?
M Tasty Tweet! 😜
Tell them boys to stop shooting 3's though! #RT via <~~3s ain't the problem right now, We need to tighten up on D
Hawks win the first 12 minutes. Up 23-20. C's shooting 35%, Hawks 50%.
thanks for the wings...p.s. if anyone goes to hooters avoid the server Angela not the friendliest
Day 2 of using Seesmic...the Facebook feed did not come up and not clear how to "goose it"...
seeing ashlybaby soon. NO SCHOOL TOMORROW. YAY!
Can we trend #LucAndGaga please?
RT : More than 2,400 years ago the philosopher Socrates claimed: “I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world.”
Thank You & #safe from #alqaeda #plot!
it's so nice out!
welcome to my life every night
“: Zen is not bothered about anything superhuman; its whole concern is how to make ordinary life a blessing. -Osho”
There's a reason why people who work at a gas station work at a gas station..... #clueless Avoid the Circle K @ 63rd and Broadway extension.
The world is getting older & more concentrated in urban areas. What are the advantages and pitfalls of growing old in the city?
Love ya Thx for the follow. Enjoy & share 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30!
Were All Tha Photographers At
Congratulations!!!! We need to go out for drinks soon and celebrate!
Let me get my ass up & get ready for work !
Grotto Tonight..... Should be fun. hope to see all the faces out. live usrteam about 11pm.
Ah, grasshopper, it is not an easy path you walk but it can be done.
Yup, #DisasterCapitalism. 1973 was also the year #ALEC was founded to gut and replace our laws in the USA.
Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord. -Psalm 27:14
My Blackberry Internet Service is getting slower. Gaahhh D;
Lol! Time to go grocery shopping :)
She hurrrrr. (at work) RT : Where is ???
well if you weren't always breathing yo hot breath on my social neck we might get along :) ha!
1st up Montana. If you didn't get to catch the selection show we are a number 3 seed in the tournament.
Russ talking about using kickstarter to fundraise for making a film - "crowd funding"
"Kokomo" - Beach Boys. one of my favorite songs of all time. that one episode of Full House. 90's saxophone to the max!
Thanks, man. I need a nudge every now and then. ;)
nothing...absolutely nothing is better then a bench clearing brawl. ESPECIALLY one led by Megs...
Fever has subsided, but I still feel a bit run down.
yeah they were everywhere. #roc is buzzing about butterflies
NEVER LET A MF TELL U WHAT U CANT DO! NEVER!!! WORK ON UR CRAFT DAILY & BETTER URSELF & PROMOTE IT LIKE UR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT CUZ IT DOES
“: so glad I am not playing with Kevin na I have a flight to catch ;)” Slow play is the WORST.
One of the beings looked as if it disappeared , then I realized it had shrunk to dime size and popped back even bigger then back to normal.
So us a nice tall Morgan :)
Thinking of surveying my students on their use of ebooks. What to ask?
any word on where Willis will end up?? Go Cats!!
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
Father/Daughter dance to the same song I've always planned for my wedding -- "Carolina Girls" :)
A voice that both conveys your message and appeals to the different tastes/preferences of your community.
"The 'but' is good but the 'ho' is bad." -Jim Henry
Good game Ike Taylor
On Monday we will celebrate Halloween with a $15.00 gift card give away! Like our page and you are automatically in the drawing!!!
I am so excited... I sold some more at my etsy.com shop, off to the post office to deliver. Yay!!!
I hate when people try to say they're a different race..or say they're mixed with alot of stuff..nahh..you're just desperate to be different
Dear Twitter: Stop recommending me to follow Arsenal players. I don't care about that wank club, or it's wankeriffic players. Thanks.
“: B&D Result - Won 5-2” well done!
Thx so much! Great work!!!
You're 40 some odd years old, Tami! And you're acting like a child!
Beautiful morning, can't wait to c wat da rest of the day has in store!!!
OKC!!! First last year's champ, now they bouta get the Lakers out.
Is the morning air temperature above freezing? Yes. Was the Dew Point temperature reached? Yes. Result = Dew.
Sadly no! I think I left it in my other purse. I obviously need to invest in a #tidetogo value pack.
Oh dear, another crazy Canadian! lol
Seriously, if you're on the sixth floor and afraid of elevators and don't know where the stairs are, how did you get up here...?
More house updates soon, I promise!
Me and my friend just told my mom that we are gonna marry and lol
Great meeting today! Only 39 days until Jingle Bell Run 2011
Ah, that's true. She was fantastic in that game.
Bob, many thanks for following me on Twitter! All the best you and family this New Year! Thanks for your leadership! Best, Mark
Goodbye winter... Hello spring!
We are at the halfway mark of the week, time to get to work, congrats to Kimberly Robbins at Van Yahres Tree co, edible arrangment winner
