I really hate school.
hope i passed the class.. i have a high B so i should be good
Check out and his awesome blog
We got 5 more pre-sale passes for First 5 people to sign up for our service via web or iPhone app get a pass for the PreSale!
I ask women questions like what are your short term goals and where do you see yourself in 10 yrs a woman can answer that a girl can't
Garage Collaboration Forms Rocking Duo
Ooh! is having a DALLAS premiere party 6/13 it’s time for to get that screener. Your move
Thank you guys so much for our first show in 2010! It was great to see all of your pretty faces & dancing <3
Polka dots or plaid?
LOL I admit I get my hubby to parallel park for me!
great pick up line!!
Today is National Blame Somebody Else Day, go ahead and point those fingers.....let's see who and what you blame someone else for. :)
Thanks for the heart attack.
Lima Charlie this net.
Today was great!! Met someone Ive been waiting to meet for a long time:) i hope tomorrow is the same!
“: Shoutout to for being my newest follower! #dayhasbeenmade” shoutin right back at ya!!
No Concert :( I was really hoping to go to ...
Don't mess with momma Clay
terribly stretch for philly sports. maybe the 76ers will announce another iverson comeback tomorrow?
Anyone attend the Violet Crown or Old Pecan Festivals this weekend? What was the best thing you saw?
I think he will become Hstn's 26th senior to opt for out of state college. Currently we have 41 hoop stars headed to D1 schools.
No homo, but you pull off the LMFAO
Meringolo of : universities need to ask communities for their ideas/needs not just take a set project idea to them
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 5
Way to go!
then my principle was like, "Miss DeLuzzia, how dare you!"
Had an obsession with 's "Overdrawn" in 2010 and Ep 2 of just brought on a relapse. Damn good music supervision.
We'll also encourage people to connect with and room with other Campers to save on cash.
and Hey Jude!
yes jenna
No way I'm sleeping tonight after seeing cowhead tv , I'm scared..LOL
Enjoying my morning & early afternoon before heading in to work. What are you up to today?
You should consider your soul, that's where real pain is found
RT The NFL needs to have a 3 month lockout every year, Free Agency becomes a fantasy draft
gosh were attractive! Lol, how do u know it's his?
I need a wrestling buddy here at home. :(
Scouts…oh the tangled webs we weave…
Aww, thanks so much!
Did anyone else catch the ABC News promo featured Tebow-Manning tag line during BOS v LAL game?
William Ralph Inge, English religious leader and author (1860-1954).
It was Night at the Opera!
unfortunately yes
#ChuckNorris has been on Mars, that's why there is no life there.
I have recently achieved an unprecedented, award-winning, state of lethargy.
I can see us together on top We livin' like we hit the jackpot Cha-ching, like money in the bank You should be with me (`▽´)-σ
reading your rants before bed = dreaming about you ranting
Will do... I thought that was a restaurant?
TONIGHT at Respectable Street. ALLAN AND DAN ARE DOING VINYL SETS INSIDE!!! CLASSIC RSC FRIDAY NIGHTS!
Taco Tuesday! :)
Devil's Due.
high five of approval! <3
You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'. ~ Homer Simpson
Grateful for the help with "Exlpore Fulton Market" by It will be the best ever!
is so talented. Good lord, I love this kid.
Me:"hey mom what's you're password for ___________" mom: "victoriajadegallup" me:" ... uhh ha okay.."
Is it preeettyyy?
I really hope it rains...
who playing?
I love this tweet! We need to plan a lunch date next week with Sarah!
#FF follow these awesome #chicago eateries enjoy your weekend!
bahaha seriously!! I wish they would play the Halloween movies again, that was the best!
I just found out my mom and 's mom are going out tomorrow. #thefuck O.o
Had a great time at the annual Orleans County black tie fundraiser w/first county to endorse me. Great people. Now, off to cancer benefit.
My dream last night >
Sometimes you need to eat oatmeal at 2:30am.
"Heavy Weather" by Bruce Sterling. Good near future SF about a storm chaser on the trail of a C6 tornado.
Ain't this something had faith in the team but it's cool though
The video is awesome bro
NWST: on #Seahawks QB Situation & #RGIII, plenty of #Mariners talk from & w/ on
Press conference 1:30 Wednesday : $ from , partnership with , and access to care for homeless adolescents.
Bucks up 103-97 with 24 seconds left. Toronto starting to foul.
um.. Our birthday suites!!? Hehe!! =p
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!"
I love you Justin, you are such an inspiration,, (:
Rep Berceau cracking up the students with her straight talk on the current political environment in WI.
Get out and enjoy the weekend!
Thanks, appreciate for the quick response.
For the best burgers in town, buy Grass-fed 85% Lean Ground Beef. You’ll save $2/lb when you buy 3 lbs or more! That’s just $4.99/lb Fri-Sun
Thank you so much for the ReTweet for "16-Love"!! It's a great movie! x
Kobe Bryant and Vanessa share kiss after the #Lakers game last night!?? Yet again Mr.Bryant gets what he wants.
It's a coffee in bed with heat on sort of morning at the beach!
lol! u know it's always love!! and is u saying june 6?
and saying you and selena break out because you like caitlin again
Luke Bryan is so sexy
I love beanies. I feel much better when I have one on. (:
Ten bucks says I know him.
I swear my brain is 70% song lyrics.
Copeland and This Providence 2night in Houston
Keeping fingers crossed that the hail damage is not enough to total my car. It's really close at this point. Replacing hood, roof & trunk.
hello! Whats up?
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95 ; People spend $149.-- on useless stuff . Why not use it to make hundreds to thousands to Millions ?
RT : Jack is about to take the stage! Watch the livestream of his show at NYC's Webster Hall directed by Gary Oldman now...
RT : "You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter
ACM entertainer of the year: taylor swift. WHY. how can they pick her over j aldean, blake, kenny, and brad paisley?! morons
Thanks for having us present tonight! Great event!
We've changed our event to 2013. It makes more sense to do it then. More time for planning & other things.
I want to!
Thanks for sharing, Chris!
My daughter's fearlessness scares the daylights out of me!
aww who u talking bout? Hopefully the girl u been talking to :)
Sierra Club San Diego Chapter is now a-Twitter!
Good morning! This message sent to via VIP Android simulating a Blackberry and iPhone via a satellite that's falling to earth sans ego :)
great! i'd love to make a song on figure on a car trip, and then flesh it out at home. i'll spread the word on figure.
it alright wby
I can't tell if you are being sarcastic or not. Should buttons have more explicit "I do this for you" descriptions?
calm down lol that aint me
re etiquette: totally disagree. Ppl value exclusivity. That's why they go in the first place.
do you work for threadless? if so I love their tshirts and have a few! hook it up w a discount code ;D
Torchy's and TacoDeli are about $3.50 a taco. So if you get three like I usually do, plus a drink, it gets expensive.
which bar?
Also have not seen #Avengers yet. Is it worth it, twitter? THIS WAS A JOKE. DO NOT REPLY.
Today, I'm may be a loose goose. I did an all nighter last night :) ..fumes! RT : LOL much love
omg I just did that!
Well have our buzz back one day, all you need is a lil faith believe in god and hustle to get to the top. #CT-KREW we got this.
already following!
Boom! Eureka moment!
where the heck is mine?! #chocolatethieves RT Heather hide my chocolate!Please!
This is sometimes called lying.
Jonathan Papelbon is still a better closer than Aceves or Melancon, as much as people still want to bash him.
i been in private school all my life , i wanna try some different .
Go girl. Wait till Junior Year. I have given up. I say just buy one off the Internet.
bout to do the same
a trip to the snack shack would've been better
ohh duhh sorry im nothing straight now lol xD dude me to!!!
Nomination for Tweet Of The Year candidate!
Always stand behind what u believe in
indeed. Arguably, even "transgender" itself started out this way -- rich white folks who didn't want to be associated with others.
Flip flopping between NCAA tourney and Miami vs Orlando game
OMG overtime ..... What an exciting game?!
I'd rather start hart at first, Gomez/aoki/Morgan in right or center
if you mean explore options like putting him in the secondary then I am all for it
RT : Beer is the third most popular drink in the world (after water and tea).
Do it for everyone else. LOL
CSS (much like JS) will let you do anything (no matter how stupid)
Awesome! I think you're gonna dig it. We'll be sending out an email, but basically it's also at www.ufbrocks.com on the 27
#FreeManson more like free mason, building and stuff tss
Only thing good about a Blackhawks loss is everyone leaves right away.....but what intense show! Hossa Hossa!
No problem sir Chinese M&M's (MMCHNZ) XD
That's not what you told me last night.... Hmmph! ;o(
This was Skype. I think you added the lavendergirl68 one as well.
I highly recommend this book. See his website.
Dear Lord...let the Browns unis be EPIC!!
I open treasure chests without making search checks for traps cuz im a
Just died laughing. Chuck, you can't b sporting the taco meat on TV. No sir! May as well have threw the 1980's gold chain on.
There was nothing good available by you guys, so I'm on the other side of the ball park. Section 227, Row 10 - aisle seats.
testing SpiderOak... looks very nice so far.
Now, now, I didn't say all of that.Don't go jumping to conclusions!! You are pleased to get me whatever your heart desires!
do u like how Ryan reminde us he's an AUTHOR now?
Afterglow just came up on my Pandora station! Very cool. Hope you're well!
Rally sign: "Let us all develop an accurate interpretation of US history before we start quoting dead people"
M pancakes. I think I might be hitting an IHOP for dinner!
Drean as big as you can- the skys the limit
you ROCK! that is all
Honest question : do you know exactly what happened the day he was killed? Only Zimmerman does. It's sad, but, we do not
hey Gail, how are you? Been thinking about you!
aww okay thats what I figured
I burnt my finger on my straightner and it kills
“: 1 hour of writing now 1 hour of reading :)”
#mudmelt swedian: my piece includes dialog between two things just outside our (complete) Vision.
Good morning!
boys for sure.
Who's seeing in Columbia tonight?
My Producer Come Back Monday So We Can Talk Den Bruh
It is the birthday of J. M Barrie, author of Peter Pan. For a semester, I lived just down the street from his London house.
Today I played the role of "accountant"... at my day job... hopefully my "method" convinced the IRS!
#NYR let's go baby!
Royal Oak tonight?
It takes two to speak the truth; one to speak and another to hear. ~Henry David Thoreau
Ah know, g! But I gots tuh have mah buffalo chicken!
Congrats - you have won a ticket to and a $50 gift card to ! We will send you a DM :)
#BasketballWivesLA The show I love to hate .... You are really Crazy enjoy your husband yo ...
Glad to know I'm doing my little part to keep sarcasm alive on the twitters.
Nicely done. With puns like that, it is clear you've been influenced by
why are you leaving wednesday?!?!
since I can't tweet from my other Account I'll wish you a Happy New Year from here! Have a great 2011!
#HappyTime Go shopping for a stranger ;-)
This critical thinking class really causes you to think and reason everything
lol. Maybe, depends on your reference point I suppose lol. It makes me happy.
This twitter stupid
Was Mitt Romney really a spoiled, pampered, bully in High School? Say it isn't so...
GOAL GOAL ST LOUIS GOAL!!
No boobs for plastic
Cut off shirt, torn jeans, and heels. <3
“: Thanks,wasnt sure who actually scans QR codes from a comp screen.I'll try that out,thanks! Love the site! #ItsMyURLS”
you know I do sleep well with others?(;
InSpotter mobile app for African-Americans reduces the element of surprise at clubs
haha seagulls... bagels... And don't even get me started on the milk truck
I was just messing with you by the way lol I'm sure he'll make it easy. At least that's why I'd do if I was leaving
Good morning. This is a 'make it happen" kind of day. Let's go get it!
Today is an exciting day Kindras sencys & A1styles R Launching there business !!
Durbin told me my dream of having a lion isn't going to happen.. :( doubter
haha help me backup then let's go outside this movie #strange !
Miller time is my favorite time of the day!!!!
Nap time...then back to work for 3:30...have a great day
“You change for two reasons. Either you learn enough that you want to or you’ve been hurt enough that you have to.”
Going to the beach and maybe the LP Zoo
Maybe your aren't the person I thought you were ?
My acct was hacked. Pls DO NOT click on any links I have sent today. Sorry, ugh!!
I'm going to wait to submit the prop until tomorrow afternoon--going to check w/ the boss first, just to be sure
Im Twisting up this #Cali Dro what yall doing?
How do I follow
Getting ready, job interview, grandparents house, & then finally back to Indy!
Bored as a bitch at work# Vampire life
I want SM Town in Texas. But then again, we can't always get what we want...
did you know all studied PROVE #housing ENDS #homelessness?!!!
have you ever been to the Wis. State Fair?
Who is getting up/staying up for a #BlackFriday sale? Who hates it? Who loves it?
Nice story. RT Thought of you RT : Libraries, what are they for? A Story & 5 Fundraising Ideas for Libraries
Today was extra special, it was magical. Just because! Life is a mystery and a journey. *(*.
Hungry ass bitches.
Then on August 20th, 2011, wished me a happy 5 day anniversary xD
RT : #UFopenhum OK. How about we switch to #ufdhkeynote? Good idea!
I want to hear your power rankings now!
Great! The mere mention of the name and that friggin song is stuck in my head!
GOT THE BUDGET FROM TRACE NOW TO THE MODEL AND DESIGNER SELECTIONS.
Writers write, and rewrite until they get it right. Right?
If I never make a dollar in my life I'm still good cuz I have my health.
...have I told u lately how awesome your avi is 👌
I have a taste for sum #friedfish.. Who has the best in the A🍴
Agreed. That waiting and wondering can suck the life out of you. Hang in there, superstar!
i will be getting horseshoe earrings with zebra print balls because i'm awesome =]
This girl! RT : T-minus 2 days until tracking. Anybody else excited?
I'm going to the Alumni event as well (how I found your Twitter handle).. Graduated Recording Arts 2001. You?
wow!buat homework sambil dengar lagu di computer?i u don't understand translate it to malay and english okay
That would be The king of IJP or himself
can we help get channel back?! He was hacked! 😢
Upgraded flight to Seattle for a short work week before vacation!!
genuinely glad to see so much (correct!) helium alarmism. but shouldn't the natural gas boom have meant a helium boom, too?
I'm screaming free Boosie all day today
2 Day's Food 4 Thought: Children will not remember u 4 the material things u provided but 4 the feeling that u loved them.
Would you accept purchasing a product and having the company that sold it to you not be able to guarantee delivery like ? Thoughts?
Andrew Zolli: the network is a political philosophy enabled by a technology, not a technology in and of itself.
Just finished my final mock draft. Mostly guess work. Explanations of the picks are what's important. Impossible to know a team's board.
Awkward moments with old friends who can never be the same again.
[2 - 1] DC United beat NE Revolution
doin a couple shows on tha northside an currently workin on my newest mixtape titled
#schoolmemories T-I-T-T-L-E TITTLE, TITTLE!
Looking for a new #job in a creative field like marketing, design, development, content, in #Indy? REACH OUT TO ME! Thanks!
I have this #Love for the greatest creations of all time...#Humanity and the rest of the universe, so I will SHARE MY creation #MUSIC LOVE
I like big books and I can not lie
Nothing better than fucking Dave
Ladies! If you missed Mr. Figaro's performance last night @ Secrets, pictures and video coming soon...
do it ahah parents know
Follow who is live-tweeting colloquium speaker 's talk.
Whoo ,,, LOng time that I've checked my Twitter..
NWST: Brandon Roy on retirement, #Mariners vs #Tigers, Josh Hamilton history, Shawn McWashington talkin' football 930
What on earth is
A true friend sees your first tear, catches the second and stops the third.
Who's going to the Hawk Nelson, Revive, Britt Nicole and John Reuben concert in Indy tomorrow night?
~Your lives are echoing the master’s words.~ 1 Thessalonians 1:8
#1DTOURUSA I will die if i met you guys.#justsayin July 8, 2013 Section:103 Row: T Seat: 5
I get to take a billion pictures of clouds in the sky tho woo
really? Come over to my chat room next time I'm on cam and show me how you treat the lady :)
Anyone from Dallas who's interested in Moonrise Kingdom free passes? Screening is next Wed, May 23. Let me know! :)
Man that thang get so wet u think u spilled sumthin
AMA 350s are going fast, yeah buddy
It's like a punch to the gut.
If I be in my shit starting now , I could graduate with a 3.5 ! I fucked around first semester of my freshman year !
LMAO.. WHAT MOVIE IS THIS........ DID YOU JUST GRIND ON ME? YEA, JUST A LITTLE LOL
because the women can fit into it there.
Fuckin again, nah imma show you what u had & throw that shit in your face!
My day has been bad already. I smashed my foot :(
I hope you enjoy every moment of your weekend! Weather perfection.
Cool. Just got a blog hit from Iceland. Noting these countries of origin is the closest I'll get to world travel.
me too! I love #herbritts and a day at the #getty is going to be amazing :)
Quit asking where the pacers fans were when we were here the whole time.
:D, you make me smile
I'd kill for nap
I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Windows. I hate Wind—
looking forward to the video shoot for Everytime You Go....if you wanna hear the track..please visit www.reverbnation.com/adamsizemoremusic
Ate dat good Italian meal pasta meatballs chicken lamb potatoes salad salami n fruit after
Two words (sans profanity): power trip. More words: I need to do a job search tonight. Cuz my gen. Mgr won't do anything about her.
Back to back homers from Ian and Elvis last night.
DH just purchased grass shears testing tomorrow I will report if they beat Fiskars
Chad will sign it
where's the photo?
What a stylish watch! Too bad it would dwarf my wrist and put me in debt for the rest of my life.
I like animals that need attention, you know you have to take care of them. Then basically they just have this fuck you attitude.
I'm trying to understand hashtags. So if I put a # sign before a word or phrase, more people might see? #PaulMcCartney #chocolate cake
What inside of you is standing in the way of what you really want?
i'd rather ______ than do my timesheet
For some strange reason I love the name Annabeth caitlin :D I'm naming my daughter That lol when I have one
my friend might be able to help. msg (thought I think you both have protected accts, so not sure how that works).
Bumped to "James Franco" on the way to the studio this morning. Can't get it out of my head.
is open. Who is hungry for some pancakes?
Isthmus reporting that lame duck DC Circuit Judge Roger Allen will resign to return to Madison City Attorney's Office. pursuing.
Things need to come to an end... to make way for a beautiful beginning...
Releasing an update video soon. So, keep an eye out :)
Is so excited for the huge family lunch at sobelmans today!! I'm loving this too much
Anyone just see the red head make an ugly face and stick her tongue out? What was that?
If you know that you will have extra tickets for graduation please be kind enough to give them to me :) please !!!
agreed, however fans free agency is becoming as real as player free agency.
Congrats on making the Final 4!!!
Welcome to #Indy! Beware you are now in a non-NHL state.
I never did before I moved over here, either. Now that I've got some friends around these parts, it's not bad.
RT Energy and Commerce Reconciliation Package Targets CHIP & Medicaid, Risks Health of America's Children |
#20 When you are able to help someone in need, Bro don't withhold what God has placed in your hands! #GodlyBroTips Prov 3:27
love you! <33
When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world
it makes me so happy to see LeBron like this
“: So much Robert Horry in Christian Watford.....”// That is a fact.
Just watched a beautiful movie
Apparently today was let's be rude for no reason day. Sorry, I guess I didn't get the memo.
You hate Austin Mahone? Why would you talk about him for hours and caring what he does and everything about him? That's mean you love him.
all respect to ironman favre...and no real thanks to bush or brees...SAINTS TO THE BOWL---it's a new age!
Dreading tomorrow. Fuck school. Fuck "love". And fuck the police.
I dont see why I even follow you anymore honestly. I always follow people for you & never get a follow back.
Hey #Milwaukee - it's Scholars' Thursday. Starting at 9 pm, we've got a great evening of music, trivia, comedy, poetry and more.
Bedtime Tips for Parents of Children with Special Needs
I could use a new headshot, but I need to pay off some bills first before spending $300 to $500 on the Photographer and prints.
Try Legal Seafood.
How are you buddy? Are you in America now? TELL ME HOW TO USE THIS THING, do celebrities ever answer back?
U got an email so I send u more beats directly?
It should have been Selena in the video :)
RT : RT : I remember when the M in MTV stood for "music" not "maternity."
Avocado Mandarin Salad Vidalia Onion Dressing - Gluten Free 9.99
I cut my hair, i look like the Shrek version of Orlando Bloom smoking weed.
If process cannot be aligned (shortage of people, material, or time) then system has to align to process.
come on...
It's pretty good! The cloud of the old man has lifted, so that in it itself is wonderful. Everything else is pretty much the same.
D-Will is unstoppable right now.
in '96 me & my best friend drove 12,000 miles in 36 days to visit 16 ballparks. 7 of them have been replaced now.
I hate the rain. Its rained the past two days. Like, wtf. Is another flood coming?
RT? If you can't wait for this Wednesday!:)
Jus found out I have a shake waiting for me in the freezer
Writing a quality postcard message is like tweeting and/or haiku-ing.
#FashionBlog is getting a face lift!
literally did not pay for a single drink. "i dont charge cute blondes" sorry that had to cover the tab hahahaha
Watchin total black out.
Just heard the most insane unbelievable detail about this New Albany serial killer. Jesus.
: Go check out some fye music Shared via TweetCaster
Children and teens are being locked up everyday for committing crimes. They steal guns and jewelry and sell it to willing pawn dealers.
Great on the view. seemed liked Whoopie had attitude with you...
Ploypropylene pipe material has been used in Europe since the 1970's. It's not affected by hydrogen sulfide gas or sulfuric acid.
bahahahhahaha I just died reading this
Wardrobe change... Cuz it's TOO HOT out!!!!! WooHooo!
Oh wait... Fog & taco trucks.
Can't wait for the grand opening of BUTTERFLY at Chateau Nightclub & Gardens...... =)
Ahold Stresses Need for Sustainable Sourcing
awww thanks! Yes, I haven't seen or talked to you in forever missy!
And we'll be tweeting live from the car ride! It's a far ass drive y'all.
Trying to get to 3000 guys and gals!!! Help a brother out here..... I follow back, just give me a day or two. Thanks tweeps :)
Now for free beer @ the liberty bar....
that's not what i asked!
that would be awesome!! Are you available sometime early next week?
Just saw this! Here u go & good luck! :o) 7:30a cloudy (possible fog/mist), 56 degrees, light wind 5 mph.
your show tonight in Everett was epic!
the hoes theory
sometimes i feel bad for celebs like because all we do is sworm over him and follow his every move i wonder how hw feels??? :/
Aww, that blows! :( I hope to see ya soon, it's been a while!
come to the office after class!
Another good night at surrender.. Busy busy, come check us out!! Only
hate people that complain all day long..
": hope im not botherin u" I don't do phone sex. Anyway, shape or form. But I make sexual tweets time2time
Precisely. And I have a spa day today, which I paid for before I learned of my impending loss of income.
can we get some Tupac "OldSchool"
Stop Designing ProductsCustomers don’t care how innovative your product is, they care about their experience.
Who ant shit at that
If o don't get to atleast shadow with tonight, my birthday will be RUINED.
yo, you are funny and have a delivery similar to Chapelle, should be looking at your stuff. Keep up the good work.
do what you have to do shawty!
We Are For The Young American's 18-35, The College Grad's, The Young Professionals, and Young Entrepreneurs.. FOLLOW AND LIKE OUR PAGES!
maybe the artists are being facetious...
Give a good woman 100 % She'll give you a 1000 % in return
I made some sick choreo tonight! (:
Aww he said u got no nipples
best. ever.
BABY DID A BAD, BAD THING.
All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through...
On this MLK day: Freedom is a hard-bought thing. -- Paul Robeson, 1898-1976
We will always love you #Grammy!
um, let's see...we decided on strawberry for the cake..got groceries....making fish tacos for supper.. you? ;-p
RT : Man is getting blasted all over the country and in the UK!
In fact, may be better that way. With no real #NHL MVP star aside from Quick, LA lime-light will never burn solo
where is your favorite place to get ties?
I have the best mom, told her i wasn't feeling well and now she is making me soup for when I get home from work :)
I may or may not be drinking way too much, way too quickly.
Sorry about that! But glad you got it sorted.
RT : Have you tried our "Made From Scratch Soups"? They are AMAZING! Warm up with a bowl this week :)
is awesome. Thanks for following.
I take that back: The Cubs are the anti-awesome
have you seen The Lion King? Titanic?
You know it's time to hit the sack when you're sitting in the office & can't tell if it's your dog or husband snoring from the living room!
Nice! RT : And topping off the night at McCoy's Public House... With a bunch of heavy drinkers...
FINALLY GO T INTERNET BACK!
Just few more hours left and then I can finally enjoy the weekend! What's for dinner tonight? Dessert for sure!!! :)
ratings. Smatings. I expect more along with the others.
yes of course love, you know where to find me! X
Best friend wants to ply me with free booze tonight and who am I to stop him?
Was just told I wasn't real...Oh okay?
how deep of a wordpress knowledge do they need?
oh yeah, I'm thinking of something WAY bitchier than than that. like...I'm talkin' bit-CHAY!
“The difference between style and fashion is quality. Giorgio Armani
Getting ready to play some upcoming shows! Dates to come shortly!
Are you getting tired of the same old catering at your office?!? Call Mama and we will bring classic home cooking to work!! 312-545-0951
"Oliver Twist of Lime" - Edible tales not accepted by Pearson
Mariano Rivera: "I'm not going out like this". Spoken like a true legend.
Updated Draw Something and lost my colors. No fair! :(
what happened to ur forehead
i'm not texting you until you take it back. I will abolish our friendship like Abraham abolished slavery, don't try me bih.
omgg you're so lucky that you got to speak to Justin!
wow serious bummer re: Otherside Cafe
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid. But he says he can stop any time.
hey! I was at the Market Place today strolling w/ my 11 month old and saw your sign! How are you guys?
S/O to all the ppl back home that cant go to the beach everyday like i can lol
Okay I'm jealous...I wanna watch the fight now. My TL is nothing but about the fight.
888 people like this page... what a beautiful number... I appreciate all of you...Love. Erika Laxis
lol love u all too!! <333
That would be amazing!! I am making a motivational photo for Trainer Mike for the marathon & he LOVES Draco Malfoy haha.
#Outside in #Aspen is this weekend!! Come join for a #trail restoration service project on Sunday!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! PARTY BUS TONIGHT!
“ WORD UP I HEAR THEM TOO.... -____- RT : Niggas throwing fireworks !! Let me tell you it ain't 4thofJuly”
There is no wisdom except in the fear of God; but no one fears God; therefore there is no wisdom. - George Orwell
You were abt to lose it w/Kristen & "Stefon". Which was tougher to keep it together with?
-smiles back- I went to see Renee Yesterday :)
Happy happy joy joy
The steelers just got tebowed !!!
I don't live him.... I love who I thought he was<\3
Sideline Wardrobe by Bill Belichek
Discussing the worst company in America poll. I was right, it's Comcast. You hear that ? No one likes you!
The Lions making the #playoffs is a perfect Christmas gift.
I wish I'd known more about Jamboree. I think it's probably more my 'speed' than NGS. Will go next year.
Sharon Terry, pres of Genetic Alliance, talking about genetic discrimination. Under GINA insurance cos cannot ask for require genetic info.
Alexa Gaul takes free kick fm midfield. Ball bounces around in OSU box. Lexi Harris for Texas comes in to take booming shot. Sails jst wide!
Who is Ready To Jump and Esa Boca Linda ": What's been your favourite cr2 track of 2011 ?"
Under Armor should be ashamed for what they are doing to #Maryland football
You are quite welcome! Good Luck!
thank you for such a great night. And to all the fans, we love you and everything you do.
I get your point. Only 2 people KNOW what happened. And 1 is dead. I think it was your sarcasm that rubbed wrong.
I can feel myself unravellin as my 24hr takehome final deadline approaches and the man @ #fedex/kinkos has still not printed it #lawscho ...
Everything is always amazing at the beginning
I really hate that discourse. I understand the choice politically, but it reinforces the belief that being gay is somehow lesser.
Enjoyin this Texas brisket my dad sent me back in December lol
Debating signing up for a conference in October, Problem is abstract is due in 2 weeks, Can I do it? Ugh Probably not.
You a pussy ass nigga if you beat on a women. Str8 up.
hi i did have a good day. hope you did too
Has anyone out there built a social media strategy for themselves? Meaning for their own personal Twitter usage?
bring me some then
Yay for soccer! It didn't get canceled this time. Yay!
Happy Mother's Day to all those trying out for the next season of Teen Mom. Best of luck, show that baby bump and that mama drama!
YOUR BREATH IS KICKING
Paltalk wants to know: Why did you join Paltalk?
lol you said it would be "juicy" if tebow got caught in a sex scandal..nice guy you are...
much agreed! Haha... I'm here... Well I'm at Denny's haha
At the open mic at Busboys and Poets in DC.
glad you could join us this morning!
Woo-hoo! I'll be traveling a lot to Colombia starting in Sept. So Dale! RT : bueno.....estoy ready para next year!!
yeah, album is almost done. wanted to get ppl familir w/ the name...guess an warning woulda been nice huh? smh lol srry bro.
Your "Hot" (spicy) chocolate shake is great. I can't believe that freak snowstorm at 10:00. Glad you made it to CH today.
I think our guy has been doing some celebrity golfing somewhere. ..trying to get the details. :-)
It's a beautiful day in L.A.!! Time to enjoy it...
love when you make me throw up in my mouth
YAY! 18 DAYS TIL' 's single 'Stomp The Fire Out' comes out!!! :D
yeah.. My mom is half Norwegian half Italian, my dad is Irish, English & German. Haha
ok...calming down....no more race tweets. gets me amped. going to do some yoga now ;)
I'm thankful that I am a tap dancer. RT if you are too!
My mom is mad because of hers and my  grrrr
WUZ UP FRIEND HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS
Well they can play here everday, I'm fine with that!
thats a cute name lol nice to meet you Claire (:
ur cute:D
Alright Buccos, let's turn the corner this season, we've been on this track to long.
Romney must be glad he hardly pays any taxes because this country has not been good to him.
Gotta love (Re)Acts... RT I have something so incredibly out there and cool in progress for the next (Re)Acts...
“: Been a while since I kissed someone !”
Keep voting guys!!
Listening to Eminem's 'Cleaning Out My Closet'. A very good song.
Water pls! There acting thirsty....
Happy Valentine's Day to our followers! Hope you have a greatd day.
No really ... teach me how to dougie!
Album Listening Party at Ten Bells happening now for ' "Chaos to Cosmos". Join us!!
Nice!! I was at that show!! Think I have a similar pic :)
.I bet u stole those from rocco, anyways u shud gimme some.
Checking things out
Just downloaded ur template. THAT ROCKS! File frm ystrdy now obsolete. I'll try ur file & let u kno if I can't figure it out.
Smh... That shit crazy as hell cause they dem folks just being bullshitting... All that damn talking & Playing the b doin....
Kristy Lovich is reading in Westwood!
#DefOfEarning$$$ Looking at Father & Son, many wud say brain dead puppet wud be as deserving of title "hard working job creator" as son.
sure. Wanna call the shop?
“: Know of a college student who started a business while still on campus? DM w/details" <-yo
works all done for the day now time for some grub!
Today has been a good day except algebra that was boring as always
For whatever reason, having trouble understanding Google+. I'm in, but why do I need yet another social network to keep tabs on?
thanks for the #FF! Hope you had a great weekend!
lol @ when someone says something really perverted and im the only one to notice
Well, I'll be damned! You're right!
Thanks to visitors from who came to see BAA Auditions today!
Damn I don't wanna leave the house for this stupid ass inservice at my job
Working on lots of web projects! Some to be launched very soon! :)
more like summer, when we normally have 80s/90s here in #Maine - it's nuts! Usually still having blizzards this time of year!
Now how are you going to "tell" me to follow you and you're not even following me?lol ;)
This girl sucks at drying hair man...
Props to Corey Hart. He's swinging a hot stick. But the haters had reason to hate. He stunk last year.
Monday the 13th, Garfield's least favorite day of the year
No #USMNT in the Olympics...
Wishing one of the stars of our film a very happy birthday!!
don't say u need to tell me something and say nevermind!
and your point is?
especially after a long night of drinking #welovedrunkfood haha
Oh big shout out to papa jack for the new video camera and camera after an unfortunate incident Now we'll have better pictures & videos!
sheesh. It's not the county championship right ?
Yes! I just heard "got the life" by KORN @ corner. Total jam!
Songs? Let's take Ray Charles' rendition of America the beautiful: inspired lyrics, heartfelt performance. Hope trumps paranoia runs deep!!!
shut up
#erl12 doesn't include back files or e-books at first phase of development or one-time purchases
Planning to enjoy this long weekend....Thank God for opportunites for renewal and recovery...Blessings :)
#ICouldNeverDate someone who cant dress ... bo get it together ...!
That three chunk of chicken :-)
Tomorrow night Woodfish with Matt and The City Limits in Hoboken at Maxwell's! Come on out and rock Wednesday night with us!
Only 15 away from the next zoom, WOW! Keep those tweets coming!!!!!
- I was checking out your blog and, well, you sound awesome! Would you be up for a chat one day? With cupcakes?
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture. Lydia M. Child
Hockey Moms refuse to celebrate Mother's Day, they don't like to remember that they let anything thru their 5 hole. JUDY!!!
Why do guys think they always have to lie for??!!
M-Day: 1 day each year Madison spends 10s of thousands 4 police 2 keep drunk co-eds from date raping or stabbing each other on Mifflin St.
Am I on the way to being delightfully drunk? Why yes, yes I am, thank you for asking.
watching #Weeds with !
and the amazing accents they all have! Ugh, I'm so jealous!:(
well, well, well. You only have like the best rated Android phone.
not sure, let me pass the question on to the guys at the store, or you can call Casey and ask him 614.222.0017
The mango sugar free slurpee is atrocious. I hope 7-11 uses a new forumla for this new batch of low calorie drink.
lets talk! I'm definately not against giving it a go.
I never realized how dirty Romeo & Juliet was.
i need a make-up artist to shadow or assist any ideas????
Ha! Looking forward to working with Strive to move this state's economy forward.
please follow me, u r my favourite boy :D
nice to meet you as well!
Start of Week 3 tomorrow at BHOF. Working on rehousing pennants now, they are amazing. Hall of Fame Classic on the 21st. Great weekend too.
/ CORRECTION - ViaWest Expands Its Oregon Data Center Facility to Meet Rising Customer Demand
No, end of Jan., most likely :
As usual, I'm rooting for the Cleveland Cavaliers this NBA postseason. #GoCavs!
Thank U
if i dont answer the phone does it get to u tht i dont want to listen to ur F****ing mouth !!
well I gtg to soccer practice I'll get on later .... Bye! I'm gonna die Hahahah . Sucks for me Rightt ;(
Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more
Seriously, Charlies Burgers in the central district has one of the best veggie burgers in town. Ugh I'm fat now.
Wants to start getting down to the basics. fuse+fuel+fire(symbols)=explosions(symbol)
In one episode of Yo Gabba Gabba I can do fishing, cooking, and Jewel Crafting dailies, and kill the Headless Horseman. W00t!
RT : RT : Evernote for iOS update came out late last week. Check for updates to make sure you have the latest.
#HappyStarWarsDay! May the 4th be with you :D <3
You nasty. I was at the Philly airport for about 6 hours the other day. It sucked.
One comes to believe whatever one repeats to oneself sufficiently often, whether the statement be true of false.-- Robert Collier
hi crazy boy.......:) please follow me :) I'd be the happiest girl in the world <3 please <3
I get that 90s fashions are cool now. Fine. But- listen, that can't apply to hemmed jean shorts, ok?
Nice! Thanks
We have a website that you can donate via Paypal or Credit Card (card info isn't saved). Does that work for you?
it still is waiting to deliver Ryan Brauns sample.
Man I miss dancing.
ill help you with those!
I love you so much and it would make my day if you followed me!:D
Awesome! Happy to have you join us in another venue.
Someone saw the #royals lineup today....
I agree we need Shabazz Muhammad at UK. The exposure he would get would be off the charts at Kentucky
#tateball Before I rave how many others got Georges Braque for their first image? Just checking.
The efforts which we make to escape from our destiny only serve to lead us into it. -Emerson
It's amazing how when people get on an airplane the alphabet becomes the most complicated thing in the world.
This too, shall pass
go follow ----> she follows back:D
I need to get this money up so i can get another car can't wait
Exciting day-- installation of
If you believe that someone is going to follow you just because you followed another person, you're a jackass.
You don't even want to know how much I dropped there when I got my tax return.
If u've told some1 I need to ask for ur forgiveness, that's good, but don't forget to ask- say why u need to/"I was wrong..." -Robert Morris
RT Irony of ironies: #Flyers do not get at hotel they are staying at in Montreal. HBO's 24/7 starts tonight at 10.
but you didn't talk to me..,
OTOH, fever is highest it’s been all week.
Y'all are my favorite kind of 'mixed #Nuts'! xoxo
One day I'm going to KILL my sister !! She is the most annoying little bitch ever !!!!
How do you plan to #lendafreehand this week? Hit us up for a chat!
such a relief, totally saved my story/life
I start my new job tomorrow.... aah weird.
If drinking kills your memory what does drinking do?
we are so happy to hear that!
Hitch should have been Timothy Spall; thought that ever since seeing him as Churchill in The King's Speech...
Congratulations and Happy Anniversary!
What an awesome FF list to be a part of--thanks!
“: sounds delicious! you can't go wrong with guacamole!” Especially homemade Guacamole!
Great drink and discussion about #healthcare and #IPA with of #astellas pharmaceutical
About to read 's new book before her signing today Will I finish it in time?
Police refused to go to rally cause crowd not yet told MLK died. Riots in most US cities but Indy that nite.
I love Ali, but Mike Tyson would have destroyed him..
Photoshop doyenne Lesa Snider doing a session called "Creating Great Text Effects in Photoshop and Illustrator."
Thank you, I hereby swear my allegiance to Shanghai Dumpling King.
what talk?
It's crazy how accurate a horoscope can be.
I had subway for dinner , are you jealous <3
Popping bottles for #mythicalmattcain tomorrow!
It's raining so I can't work in the yard. Boo hoo. Off to lunch and to see Star Trek. <G> Have a good day, everyone.
lol didnt know it was free.99 where you headed for happy hour with poop pants
M beer.
Training day is my fav movie.
and concert was awesome! didn't come out, so we couldn't give him our gift. :(
just told mom that you said Happy Mothers day! You should see the smile on her face.
& i've had 2 back surgeries in last 6 months,but I will do what I need to do to help what I believe in.4 the Fams who NEED IT
Good day...America!
“: I think one of my dads is gay.”
Soo sleepy guess umma call it a nite... after I enjoy me a nice cup of milk.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~ Christopher Columbus
Anyone out there run the Disney Marathon? Did you like it? Would you recommend it?
you're there?! ah! I should've gone.
Sorry to say babe just let go, all you got left
noo.. Jade and I made a deal that the food now goes to mee(: and ha I never get caught!
Peeps say she withdrew from the GA event in March bc she quit?? I dunno.. So many theories.!
starting to think this hangover is part of an elaborate assassination conspiracy against me
exactly ;) haha. Wow that's cool! I can't believe you're moving out there, I'm so jealous! And yess let's hang out!
My fish most definitely yawned.
There were problems w/ phone lines at the start of interview with Chaka Khan so she will be interviewed from live in the studio on April 4!
Another day another dollar 💰💰
No matter what side of an issue you stand on, shouting "fuck you" at a student during a meeting is not civil. We're all students and Badgers
School tonight!! Hoping for perfect score on project proposal... 
its a trick. You both are broke.
Oh snap! A tornado was comin' my way while I was at work filling up ketchup containers. I was totally oblivious (as always lol). I hope ...
I'm the Chief Election Officer for NoVA Dulles Mercer #108 #WIA #Training provider
Just bought a huge net at Wal-Mart. Going back to capture the Easter Bunny. Hopefully the dogs didn't scare him off.
The wise does not indulge in the world. He observes spiritual discipline at the physical, mental and intellectual levels. Purifies the mind.
Happy Wednesday Twitterverse! Have a great day ahead :)
Q5 I also feel weird about using the term "bibliography." To me, it brings back memories of grade school research papers.
Playin the new UFC game. Its almost the best fighting game this generation, but you gotta pay to play online! Come on Dana, help us out!!!
So many ideas worth sharing
I hope she told the story right,LOL
keep flip flops in a desk drawer. 1 day i was barefoot b/c of torture shoes & a boss with nothing better to do took exception
Even if you fry them first?
das what I'm talkin bout!! When u wanna meet to grab 'em?
you don't really want me to answer that do you? I recommend it. But it stressed me out a little
A lovely evening of Bach and scones with and
2 "Ep's" & a RMX finished this weekend! One more to go & then a break:-)
Tempting Tuesday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. Happy hour prices all night long!!! DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, R&B & Top 40.
Wake up in the middle of the night to hear, "Ooh Giovanni fuck, shit...slap." Cannot wait to move from the Quads.
RT : Architect of Bush Budget says we need to "save the safety net."
Not telling
YOU WISH IT WAS !
Love the new Nike uniforms for the NFL. Looking forward to seeing the fan gear for my Dallas Cowboys.
Putting up a video update soon for you guys!
Ok I guess I need to find a stylist to work with no. Been in stasis for too long
OF COURSE !!!
On my way to Colorado Spgs for CoTech for doctoral symposium. Looking forward to seeing scholarly buddies and faculty again.
Also, if he has a pet and it isn't a dog, cat or fish.
Yes, still in NY, NY but I might get run out of town if the #Caps win.
HI KAYLAAAA. nice username. :P
To better prepare for the career expo visit companies websites and have a general idea of what they do/positions available.
ya that's because ur in love with
You're awesome. Thanks for the sweet links and contacts. I'm so jonesin' for some ice cream or a lime rickey right now.
That is a regular occurrence here. Place is crazy. You should visit during Folsom Weekend and have your mind blown.
Thanks for posting this! Alaskans are now trembling!
Still can't breathe and think at the same time
hey loves koons.com commercials! get her an autograph!
Saw a chick nabbed for stealing at mall. My kid says 'I'm good at being sneaky' w/o thinking I turned and said 'I will F you up'.
Come celebrate ALA's 135th Aniiversary with cake in the ALA Membership Pavilion Booth
>> I think I needa find a new partner for CoD. Too much effort.
me too @ first I was like here we go again but seems genuinely happy so does #KayneWest! <3
"Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivers them from them ALL."
Shoutout to who will be speaking this weekend at the Regional Activity cc:
In non-sports news, SAG and AFTRA have merged. Movie mavens rejoice.
bruh jicha aint even tell us till during practice.. Nd didn't you get sent home on bed rest
cool got you locked in
Going to the gym....
hope you all have an awesome Happy Easter!
Tell to follow back.
I'm ready to re-work it tonight! I'm newly invigorated!
We appreciate the #career opptys you are #giving our country. Thank You!
holy endless monotonic clock thread
Who's going to be this year?
I'm thankful that all of this will eventually be over and I can either continue on or be dead. Either is acceptable at this point in time.
Lebron on the clutch shot!
Menander~ Whom the gods love dies young.
Happy mothers day!
enough pictures (at least for awhile) :P hope you liked
like 0 grams?
There's certain lines you don't cross and they cross it.
puY. oamL Don't mind me I'm being an idiot
Dude, go with a Chevy!
Off to Little Rock to see summer meals sites and meet with our partners on the ground.
Cali has been awesome but we are starting our long journey home tomorrow !
As an A's fan, the Kirk Gibson homer is my least favorite sports memory.
: love the new cut & style! we better get our hair done to keep up with this girl! :)
what tag/username are you using? - just
And the fun starts!
Thank god for Internet lol.
Oh, don't worry DK, she's all talk.
We in the studio live get ready with Take Over Show!!! Talk 2 Me...4047419833
throw a stack at thaat btch ass let her pay her rent wit it :)
OMFG I Did It Im So Proud of Myself I Told My Crush That I Liked Him And He Said Call Me :)))))) AH
against who?
We'd apologize, but have you seen the Matthew Bomer song?!
Self pity NEVER helps!....dust yourself off and keep going."we" all get wounded sometimes....ya know?
in honor of some famous historical heads; crash test dummy head, Max Headroom, the crystal skull, potato chip Jesus, etc.
Excited about the future for Hanson Harmonies. Visioning meetings with "The Pres" in town. Discussing Natural Healing Through Music.
Tomorrow, join us at the Wine Bar to celebrate the 101th Anniversary of the music of Django Reinhardt. 7pm. No Cover.
A good guy should bring out the best of you. But you don't need a guy to be the best you.
Many men, wish death upon me.
.. Jupiter is NOT pleased sir.
Wait, you worked for Rockstar?
I mean, at least afford us the courtesy to potentially mangle things as well!
": I swear, if my memory was any worse, I could plan my own surprise party."
Can anyone tell me what the name of the glasses that Jack wore in the hospital bed in the Bucket List so he could watch TV while lying down?
I love it a lot when these Metra locos blow their horns as they pass by my home! What a beautiful sound. :)
When you hear 's "So Good" at 5:50pm, be the 8th caller at 222-9800 to win tix to see him at RIT!
Att Los Angeles your hockey team is playing tough!!
ah, Im not sure about that one... I beg to differ!
Y did I respond to his text?
now following
the first step of self-awareness if knowing where you're not self aware
Writing a lecture on tax evasion in antiquity. I'd like a revision of idiom: One thing is sure, death, taxes, AND attempts to evade both.
Cool! Yeah. Will mssg ya
Congratulations Maggie! Or should I say Dr. Margaret Carr Griffith Williams?!
find someone to download it for you for free :) that's what I did and it's definitely worth it
Marry me!!!
Could use a nap. :p
Sounds like a fabulous surprise anniversary trip. Enjoy!
Of course... There's a little thing called graduation happening.. So it might be a tad busy. But if I see a scarf, I'll get #SKC on the TV!
Tough game on Thursday for the #Bruins, no legs. No signs of that tonight, good energy, passing, stamina. Keep it up, boys!! Go B's!!
*praises* ": PRAISE GODNEY"
Now MM will have to go to the 2-3 TE sets with Sherrod going down, this IS the worst case scenario.
Last night i ate Reindeer in Munich. I'm still waiting for Santa Claus to walk into my bedroom and punch me in the face.
I'm realizing how much of a jealous person i am.
Iight bro just hit me up u trying to go to HU homecoming they playing Nc A&t
got you!
Patron called to ask what our phone number is...
Working on next issue of Small Town Living - we've got some great articles in the June/July issue...soon to be found here: www.stliving.net
Remember that DPW ends leaf pick up this Sunday. Make sure you get your leaves out in time or we could have sewer problems.
can you all stop with the tweets?
DIRTY JOKE CONTEST Submit your best dirty joke and win $50. Tweet your joke to & follow. 1 winner per mo. Prize:$50 VISA card
I pushed myself forward >> because no one else was strong enough
Dear twitter, you're distracting me. Sincerely, still haven't done my homework.
You were there in spirit, Patrick! We hope you're feeling better!
It's actually not so much a problem but a question. I need to merge two Ori accounts. How can I do that?
Every conversation today that hasn't been about soccer has been a complete waste of my time
lmao! You guys, that's why he is sitting In the back (: duhh. The WAY back.Deff not going to associatwith him.
thanks for the add check us out www.divineadoniamodels.com
aww i miss u too hon whatcha up too?;)
no swag and no yolo i'll have a bitch fit haha
The future of the book is not tied to digital technology, but goes far beyond it - Bonnie Mak
how I feelin
Great Point , Sonia & Gailen (cc. ), will be attending the conference, let's make sure to say hello ..
don't forget my Twitter updates. Please and thank you.
a remember to walk RT : I'm switching channels between a remember to walk & dear john -_- lol love both em!
Jennifers body is terrible!
I really don't understand the "lady" walking around, unnecessary for a "workout video".
When people run around and around in circles we say they are crazy. When planets do it we say they are orbiting.
Meh, nevermind. I'll probably just get a fish instead.
#areasonwhyimsingle wow anyone notice the difference between the male and female answers or is it just me lol!
We're all set up at #Gamestorm. Come find us in the dealer's room and say hi!
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
she's not confrontational. Just cause she don't wanna entertain a hood rat don't make her pussy lmso
the internet, high
Castro is detested for suppressing free speech in Cuba while Ozzie Guillen is reviled for exercising his free speech in America.
oh yea that was funny haha
In all honesty. If I didn't have my two best friends, I wouldn't be alive...
MY GOD IT'S FULL OF STARS!!!
I've seen that Honda Odyssey commercial about 200 times over the last two years, and every time I do I get that much closer to buying one.
Ok, that sounds more formal that what I'm going for, but it's giving me ideas. Thanks!
Some ppl tweet the corniest lyrics in the world
Thanks friends nice response but many other are not following so please follow to get more followers as others gettings
#10FactsAboutMe 5. I've never dated or kissed a boy 6. Austin, Zach, Rob, Alex,&Mama Mahone follow me 7. I have heart problems :/ [c]
Big Demo tomorrow of our new disaster app as part of the
Excellent journalism. is spearhead of Ryan Braun's concise truth, and extreme class
Looks like there is spam running around not sure...
I think the whole Kony thing is fake.
Thank you, you too!
I can't wait to see them on the big screen again. Taking my 5 year old for his intro to Star Wars..excited Dad!!!
ever been to OIAF? It's all arty, indie stuff (which I often like). I like to look to those films for style ideas.
but they will be 23 by then ;-)
I'm not in the mood. Take your hustle bustle somewhere else.
Wet Republic!!!
Larry Scott has fixed a lot. Why not the officiating?
RT : "Use the power of your network for giving, not just the community... Make it personal"
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I'm an open person, I don't hide much because I don't care if people know about my life.
hahahaha!!!M&M'S FOREVER!!!!<3 HAAHA i bet people think we. Talking about tha candy
Yep. I knew they were going to start pulling away in the second half.
Thank you child advocates for all you do.
attended a speed networking event.
till 2...little Bros got a doctors appt
Happy Mom's Day to all you moms. Hope you all get a nap! I could use one. c
You, your Mom and ROCK!
We're nowhere near the end (nowhere near).
Pasta salad & coleslaw, pie and cobbler.
Tired as fuck.
Stay classy North Carolina
having trouble with an order. wh can i call?
Cool, what hotel are you staying at again?
writing and riding, pretty luxurious
You too, thx! :) RT #FF Great chatting this week
we could still make it work!
Ooh thanks! Been wanting to check it out.
GrubHub is changing the way I view D.C
Get em a restaurant gift certificate! : Searching through a wedding registry is weird. What do I get em? Everything sounds lame.
Morning Austin(:
I would much prefer speaking from my iPhone than Siri! That voice! Damn. Modern day Errol Flynn. I'm telling you. . .
giving the kiss right back 2 u <3 goodnight<3 love u:)
You All bout Talk,I ain't ya Lady Yet;Cus you gotta show me instead of tell me..I believe it when i see it #JussSayin"
Congrats! RT : And the winner of my giveaway is...Comment #27 from Alana !
Looking at the carpet
this is one interesting read....
When it rains it pours, so pack a fuckin umbrella
Slow ass day in the clinic
Oh good, playoff OT hockey...stress is healthy,
Normally only pscyhs who examined the defendant would be able to testify & it begins w/req for exam by defense. But, if . . .
Joe you are dead wrong on people trusting rich guys over big Gov. that is a conservative talk and you know it
What's the purple food?
hahaha. I like your twitter name, and your picta :)
Hard work pays off.
Now Following !!!
Many thanks to all the #Vets and heroes that gave their lives to protect our #freedom Gob bless their souls!
Your Tweets sound like you're an intelligent person; Why have such a dumb URL on your account making you look stupid?
thanks man, i should have an article coming out in the Southwestern Historical Quarterly in a few months.
I like the title. I am a fan of articles so I kept reading "Fish in THE Trees"
RT " I must say is #AboutHisBusiness when it comes to learning his songs & recording. He's a real trooper #ProudMama"
I shall play with my camera now .:).
cant wait to see u in denver. Shits gonna be sick
I'm giving cock like it's advice to her.
"Fish where the fish are."
Thanks ! Any suggestions for a Washington State Red?
lol do you wanna taste bad?
Pressure can turn a lump of coal into a flawless diamond, or an average person into a perfect basketcase.
RT : "Hello. Is it me you're looking for?" ...Lionel Richie will headline the July 4th Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular!
Got real wild rice from White Earth at Birch Bark Books Mpls. It's worth the trip to this unique shop owned by Louise Erdrich.
Dodge dip duck dive and dodge
I'm such a good friend.
the sad thing bout pulling this bs, buyers just called, staying w/ me, will pay cc out of pcket
I'm so annoyed -- and my guess is they expect different results every time. WHY?????
#RIP, Dick Clark.
If my body doesn't feel good with what they say, then always my body comes first
You could offer me the most fun experience on earth right now, and I'd probably choose to stare at a wall instead. Weird day. So melancholy.
But he's good lol
at the huge Halloween display in HB WOW!
Put your hands in the air now wave em like you just don't care ! 👋✋👋✋
miller should have lowered his shoulder and took the hit. If you come out of crease; play the game.
Who knew that allowing pop-ups would solve a year-long problem of allowing override access to teachers! #solvedthisheadache!
To whoever stole 's car radio: Jokes on you. Now we just get to sing every time we drive.
Happy Valentines Day!! I love you Courtney
Oh Twitter. Its been Awhile Lol
Caroline Kennedy, daughter of #JFK, to appear at Politics and Prose September 26 @ 7pm
Had an amazing meal at RN74 for #ZagatPresents. The wine and dishes were fabulous! A must-go!!
RT : So awake ha
Time it takes from using words "weight loss" in tweet to getting spammy tweet about Acai Berry something or another.
Wait, we don't love the word "snaking"? What else would we do in line, conga?
I predict attendance will be up 5 to 10% league wide (on average) and sellouts will double from last year.
I just realized that I have ordered probably 20% of my x-mas presents his year from my phone thx to the amazon and eBay apps
Be sure to watch young up and coming American tennis player playing Andy Roddick tomorrow night at US Open
ok kool!!! You da best!! (In my dj khaled voice) ....
when are you comin to florida!
treating myself to a mocha at
how fun is it to have kelly kelly AS AN FRIEND
My favorite part was Potter's Lounge.
Goldstein: We don't have to wait for a bureaucracy to adapt to new technology, its a bottom-up model
I can scarcely wait till tomorrow when a new life begins for me as it does each day, as it does each day. -Stanley Kunitz
Id rather be solo than around some ppl who aint worth shit!
Somebody hmu bored ass fuck right now....
Yes, yes!
Hi, If you are talking about the 2010 A9 Amendments, HB 5083 is currently pending in Michigan. Feel free to tweet us for more info.
on So filthy. He's playing songs from Mali on a cello banjo. Who does that?
so you're the Brit in the white sailor pants! Been in the Navy long?
the gap between adults w/ cell phones and teens w/ smart phones is narrowing.
I have internet in my Air Force hotel room! Totally didn't realize it & I've been here for a week. Prolly shouldn't admit it but ....
#MakeItSo “: I think he should pose in speedo, on beach, w/ kitten & champagne bottle.”
As long as you remain the center of your universe, you will always struggle with love. -Tony Evans
Saga tonight $3 you call it all night $2 domestics! Arrive early!! I'll be in the mix gonna be crazy!!!
that's good to hear... Tell him I saw what's good.... Nice.... Me working school and coaching baseball and football 😃
I want Peter Kostis to comment on my golf swing on the Konica Minolta Biz Hub Swingvision camera.
Why did I do that..
uh...HEY
An economist from a large bank was at Mondial today. He's optimistic about a turnaround. I think maybe he's reading his charts upside down.
Thanks for the re-tweets ma'am. Hope you have a great weekend. :)
you're a stupid dick
He won't find anything up in it except some old Illinois road maps
Oh I love the cobalt blue #dress and red #stilettos was shown wearning on Bloomberg TV...
Merry Christmas SoCal. 72 degree weather and clear sky's in our forecast. I can't wait to play with my sons new toys outside ;)
I'm feeling soulful, so am going to write some poetry, spill it onto the waiting page.
Don't kid yourself- degree doesn't mean u "pulled yourself up by bootstraps."Others helped. Vote 4 every1 2 get that support.
my teacher is dumb for making us change late af
RT : That show #4thAndForever is sweet
Don't pass that gun line boss!
I can't look at Rachel Berry the same anymore. Thanks a lot !
Get yourself together, don't hate. Jelousy is the ugliest trait
WIT ER.
Life doesn't have a remote , get up and change it yourself
Its 12:00! You know what that means 😍💰💰💰
You can either hold yourself up to the unrealistic standards of others or ignore them & concentrate on being happy with yourself as you are.
LMFAO dude she was REALLY mean today
would love to hear your expertise on the subject- great handle! Caught my eye
Haha! Great idea!
#That1FriendThat you can spill your heart out to💙
While I appreciate smart strategy books, why don't they ever come with worksheets so that businesses can actually work on setting strategy?
Hahaha that's so funny april dipped n left the baby
lol no I'm in class
-SLEEP JUST ISN'T YOUR THING HUH?!?
Left my Muay Thai Training. Hit LA Fitness for my shake for breakfast.
Hypochondria is the only disease I haven't got.
will do
Off to to have a fabulous dinner in celebration of my Mom's birthday! #OhMySeabass!
Definitely RIP to a legend #MCA! I've been listening to the Beasties since I was 5 years old.
Just did my taping for our 2nd #atxunscripted video. Can't wait for
the show was alright. it could've been better
U think so
Yeah Where you at
yes, lots of baby slugs showing up everywhere - funny after relatively dry spring so far - maybe due to mild winter
Actually I am very glad that people can buy Armani - even if it's a fake. I like the fact that I'm so popular. Giorgio Armani
tr.im is back. Hooray.
Let us know what you think of Miller Hall - I'm personally worried the new building isn't nice enough for the b-school.
W/all Hunger Games rage, I watched Battle Royale tonight. Tried watching once 5 yrs ago, but stopped after 30 min. Got through it. Amazing.
how ya hair feel
Since Tom Hanks has no friends she should book it down here with some food for me like a cool kid
just remembered another site for petticoats: fanplusfriend. They get mixed reviews, but looking at the pettis, they seem ok
Ack! Pouring. Think I'll opt for one of the hotel restaurants. Of course I'm huddling in a doorway in 16th right now... :)
I know the food lady did not put on gravy first and then mashed potatoes
I know.. its hot af
Headed to #FellsPoint tonight to catch up with some friends :)
Like the big dream idea. Will send mine :-).
Hey Arnold deff taught us 90`s kids some life lessons.
thanks for the follow, no special offers, looking for suggestions on how to meet people in marketing in this area.
Is it flattering when "Slutty Girl Problems" follows you on Twitter?
My wife and I have seen "A Little Night Music" twice, and both times I have had to correct her that it is not "Send in the Clouds."
Man I go to work.
"Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?"
We are facing an insurmountable out-of -control compounding debt. These politicians do not have the intellect/skills to solve same
I want to pick up Max Payne 3 really badly, but I feel the need to play through the first 2 again before playing 3.
#NowPlaying The Question Is by The Winans
Girl-you don't even use the F word right! Holy Fuck! Did you see that?! What the fuck was that?! Me- I'm about to slap the crap out of you!
Damn, i always screw everything up
damn bro. Wish I woulda gotten that earlier!! Ha
let alone been throwing up for a million hours... drank WAY to much las nite
can't you make that happen?
Really glad that none of my school colors have been brown. #Duke Blue & White
fine thanks. :)
15 orgs disclosed lobbying buffet rule in 2012. Associations & non-profits out number corporations 13 to 2
Bored as hell need to find somethin to do
When I fight with you, I'm really fighting for us..because If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother
Get out of my mind. Come on, come into my life. I need that one thing, and youve got that.. One thing.
Had my shizzle going!
Are there any MARC trains going soon? Those are quick and direct.
BREAKING NEWS: I ate healthy tonight!!! That NEVER happens!
You're like Road Runner! Can't keep up with ya!!!
Drums for the new song are sounding sweet!!! :D Can't wait to show you guys!
Have fun!!
LOL get outta here
I'm so over XAML...
Appreciate it pal. Who knows maybe someday I'll be back there or somewhere else...
Dream Big! Because with your Faith in God and determination you can do anything! #Dreaming #Music!
Start walking woman!
how was you exam btw?
Anybody going to the #uc game tonight?
Wow that video put up was really sad! That lady couldve helped him but she hid instead..some people are so ignorant i swear
yes ma'am I'm too ready
man. Brilliant.
what's up with a follow
who like today's weather?
Probably this coming weekend. Something about the Crosstown series.
I still love you lotto
just applied for 4 more jobs... the list is up to 7!
why try so hard to get your mixtape out to a kid with an xbox an 3 ipods..HE'S GOOD. give your music to those who NEED it; homeless,the poor
Everybody sucks.
don't think they will pay any attention to me, but I will try!!!
Working on #1 in 's "100 ways to simplify your life" book, which is "Do 1 Thing at a time." Bet if I did this, I'd be on my way!
The Help, Water for Elephants, The Hunger Games, One Day...and trying to make my way through One Hundred Years of Solitude.
is there any way to see who unfollows u on #Instagram ????
Darn! I'm busy Saturday! I need someone to help me figure out my life! What training program are you doing?
Dynasty league rookie sleeper alert: Denarius Moore "He's so talented, so athletic."- Jason Campbell. He seems to be a lot like Jacoby Ford
I don't think it could suck to be #lilwayne <3
Listen to after 3pm today! is calling in to talk about headlining the School's Out BlowOut!
yes I will.
details? I can help narrow this down....
Not nervous, but liked the moves your Preds made at deadline. Should be a fun and wild race to the end.
compares abortion to slavery, and calls "bigotry!" when being called out on his misogynistic white privilege by
Free Ticket Friday!!! Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets...txt "Jam" to 69822 when you hear Maroon 5 "Moves Like Jagger" before 9am
Where are your seats?
How are you gonna get mad at me for being on the computer and disrupting your sleep if you're in MY room?
bet hope it stays that way for a while. Maal always says "the grass turns brown in the winter!"
lovely Tuesday lunch break of shopping and Starbucks with Ms. Leggat :)
wont quit
miss you.
Im in a pic mood?
air yeezy 2 Maryland elegance hotels aren&#39;t all out of your budget ...
#HappyBirthdayTMoney.!(: guess what its also my birthday..so can i get a happy birthday?(:
R.I.P Junior Seau. You will forever be a pioneer for the game of football!
Working on my job placement form for #mlanet12 Hoping to meet some future colleagues there! :)
My sister and i are so bi polar tis ridic.
I have 14 #voicemail. That shows I don't listen to them. So don't leave any !
I think the Rapture might be starting ... I'm feeling a little light in my loafers ...
damn constructive speech
looking out the window & seeing lightening & birds makes me wonder how many birdies get hit by lightening??
Thoroughly enjoying #iabcseattle event w/ kicking off speaking about communications.
50 Shades of Gray !!! RT Wtf am I gonna read now that I've finished The Hunger Games trilogy?!
I be having 3rd thoughts about getting a tattoo
Happy Valentines Day from Keep it Clean Karpets!
Don't leave your vehicle out in the cold. At Express Lube, our trained technicians can replace your vehicle's old coolant with new coolant.
We are excited for Encore Presents: Douglas Ullman Jr.'s performance tonight!
See thats what I find confusing....Climax means to me the end of something. But I know everyone likes doing it, so who knows.
Where there is love there is life. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
4 audition tapes to make... better get started....
Absentee voting doesn;t address the COST to someone who's already scraping by.
I'm been here since 5 it's Monday I ain't feeling ir
Ooh, I like that idea! It can be a multi-holiday celebration. :)
RYAN TANNEHILL SUCKS for the last time. 6 TD and 12 INT vs. his best competition/best defenses this year: OU, UT, Arkansas and OKST.
sure just followed(: #woof !
Last day of class; listening to group presentations; 3 people knitting on opposite ends of the room
I mean day fucken android
Speedin down 285... What a life.
Great point. However, dinosaurs had brains while the lowly roach did not! One successfully adapted; the other not!
well I wound up not being able to see it with them anyway. Let's hang out soon!
im doing ok. graduated a year ago but struggled to find a job, so gonna go back to school soon. Congrats on the new job :)
