#ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor resisting arrest & taking off ( RUN ) Lol.
Thx! RT Leave alone. Good name being dragged into phishing email re: an “unauthorized transaction.” Hit delete!
(momma bird style is reserved for breakfasts in bed when we go to Paris after winning mega millions)
#ItsAmazingHow trashy some people can be..
Imma be looking rough in the morning, you already know -.-
You know you had a good time when you can't tell your parents what you did :P
Wish I had some company right now <<<<
Please follow me people i need friends on this thing ! LOL
why do you have to ride on my success? Get your own transportation!!!
Had a strange dream that Hulk Hogan was in the ring talking, and Eric Young show up in a Mariachi oufit. But then again it's TNA.
Oh really? We might have to check that out. Maybe see you there!
2011 is going to be a great year for me. I think I will get to follow me this year. YAY!
keep Japan in your thoughts and prayers<3
What Would I Do If I Was President Hm...... I Really Don`t Know
You, sir, are on a roll tonight. Lol. Keep up the entertainment. I'm loving it. :)
Lmfao I'm #TeamFreak but Not that Freaky, you doing to much now >;P
I think I am becoming a #history buff. Been researching a lot about Florida and Spain for my
Ugh I'm thirsty.
ah yay! <3 what was it about? :D
RT paul-brian mcinerney: no one is atheoretical, everyone has theoretical assumptions. even engineers
Haha I liked that one too! The bf wasn't a fan of his pants. I left them behind for some cute shoes for myself. :-/
From AP: Obama is in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on America's role there post-war.
I need someone to buy as many champagne bottles as they can and I will pay them back right away
I think I just sweated through my shoes.
It is 10AM in the Southland... Another picture perfect day in Los Angeles
VERY excited to pitch and to be part of the event!
this proves there is a god.
Hello gorgeous! And I know you just.... er.... nevermind.
NAH! MITT ROMNEY doesn't have a clue about BULLYING. No person along the way stopped to CORRECT HIS BEHAVIOR. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Who did everyone pick in their fantasy playoff games tonight? Let's go Pujols!
or i can meet tonight during one of my daughters dance classes.
#IdolBackstage ! I wonder who will go home tonight !:/
if u want to help me out, u have to get the card from me. Dm if you want one.
Tried reloading, tried clicking on link on comments section: didn't work for me, but YMMV.
how exciting! We are in Memphis, TN. Still rocking hard blasting some
Remember this a dream is a wish your heart makes, make that wish come true
Getting ready for boating on Lake Michigan today! This is why we wait out the winters.
It'll probably be a tie.
Idea: new hashtag to state things i take for granted about #rva ...
Not meaning to over simplify but I'm thinking a lot about getting leaders to be more action oriented.
he is mad he is stuck in hooterville when he couldn't get work at big cities. Bet he is bitter in person
so I hear.
being on a diet makes me cranky! roar!
"A clear mind and the right intuition i know that ima get my chance, i gotta keep it in step ima do my dance i kno tht ima get my chance"
THERE ARE DEPRESSED CHILDREN IN AMERICA. THEY FEEL GUILTY WHEN THEIR PARENTS GET DIVORCED. THEY FEEL POWERLESS WITH NO VOICE. GIVE THEM LOVE
Enjoy the conference at TCD, Orla--a busy fortnight for DH in Ireland!
#SometimesIJustWant you to be next to me. Telling me everything's gonna be ok. Telling me how much you love me.
cool. Happy early birthday(:
We had nachos and are watching Dana Gould on Netflix.
The International Learning Center is looking for a full-time Instructional Coordinator for adult programming.
Skrillex is an onomatopoeia.
I thought you were gonna say cause you were gonna clean your room but then you got high. Haha
Mixing Energy blend..... lots of white powder. I wonder if this is how Tony Montana started out?
Tweet me questions & ill answer them(:
A person who truly loves you is not someone you see everyday, but someone who looks for you everyday, no matter what
wow i thought kilt um mondays was over but arties comin at everyones neck
I like your new kitty picture ^.^
its time to grind but i aint no skateboarder!ya feel me!
RT : What has been your best PD/learning on the math common core standards?
the script-long gone and moved on
Its Bulaga not Beluga ya moron!
that went straight to my corazon :c
exactly. I like being with friends more than sports.
this song makes me want to put on a bath - great find, sir!
On September 27,1760: Anne Wager opened a school for African American free and slave children in Virginia www.womensindependentpress.com
I have been writing for 36 hrs. minus eating, drinking and some sleep sprinkled in there...
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me! #neversaynever !!! :)
HEY PETER!! :) thank you for the follow!!! - Ava & Loretta
As expected, rocked his presentation! If you can, go see him in International Ballroom West in the last slot.
watching beaches <3 omg my childhood movie!!
That was so much fun first time using Twitter to win prizes!
Thirsty Thursday got me fudged up.
#ackwardthings...watching a graphic and verbally racey sex scene with your parents.
i see
my curiosity got the best of me. I couldn't resist.
the hot guys are always gay. Makes sense.
Zoe!! I fly to USA right now! i must see u !!
Fuck work entirely...in like 2 hours
i love my life. for reals. and thanks for the compliment and recognition.
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
:( RT : If your first initial is the letter 'D', You have the shortest life expectancy.
Ozzie on the kid who got decapitated at 6 Flags "He had a real good head on his shoulders"
It's crazy that I'm separated by someone on stage accepting best picture by 2 degrees.
: have you seen #GracePark in the new #VanityFairMay2012 we're almost like sisters!!! ^_^
I am sure this won't be the last time.
night Tweeps...i'm trying really hard to make this an early night...but still lots to do....
Yep, and education.
I hate the human race to much to want to stick around and deal with them all my life, I'm moving to a foreign country.
thanks will give it a look Friday. good nite...
"Planning before work protects you from regret." - Arabic inscription on an earthenware bowl from Iran (c.10th cent)
checking email
LOL I was hoping nobody would notice d;
": Imagine if TWITTER is a subject.. Everyone is a honor student:"
Thanks for the follow,
All these days, i was walking by my self in the Middle Of Nowhere, till i met this girl who is making me smile:) alot! <3
But... RT : Five letters
Landscape Logic: Drought watch: Things you will need to know to conserve water
Boom! I just got FREE Sliders from for joining #CraverNation. Yes, I know, I'm a little over-excited about this.
I cash like a cashier .
I'm Brother of the Week! Which also makes me Brother of the Summer because we just had our last chapter. =]
Tons of tour dates planned for 2012! Also kicking off my two-day boot camp! Not in your area? Call to host a live seminar or boot camp!
Someone DM me
There's no limit to what a man can achieve, if he doesn't care who gets the credit.
feeling #accomplished (;
Tainted Love by Soft Cell
I feel ya! Inconvenient!
"Ice, rum, and uh uh uh, I can't remember."
Yeah, that was a good call. #Giants TD
Delayed thanks to for hosting 's Will Allen on Saturday. Was a great opportunity and location to hear him speak!
gutfeld listen to your wife and stop smoking! It's bad for you and so so 1986! Give it up you can do it!...
Yes, God answers all prayers :) RT : God answers all prayers.
We haveour fave here! experiment time!! aha!
omg really? i think he looks hot as hell
Mac Miller on Hip Hop POV . 💙👍
I can only be mad at myself.
RT The admin has been willing to roll over on various women's rights issues since 08--just bec liberals in office, no guarantee.
Ray Allen < Allan Ray
Arenas open all day today ppl.
No worries, I have a daylight lamp that I use :) Thanks anyway.
"This guy once threw at his own kid in a father/son game."
Sign language presentation on cochlear implants and I forgot the sign for cochlear implants.
was watching The Monkees when I recalled Peter Tork talking about Frank Zappa introducing him and Davy Jones to the Plaster Casters.
GIRLS SOCCER: Perry handles Portland
that's kinda fun.
Our shoes are hitting the Nordstrom website this week..Shop Nordstrom ONLINE for your new pair of 67 shoes!
I'm sure would appreciate the gesture.
I am not done shopping!
those are all my favorites too!!
Santa cruz mission
the first half I like, the second half still confuses me.
I used to watch it but it got so shit, i watched about half a series and was like DIE! especially when they <
We Need 9 more "likes" to reach our goal!!
Text follow fosterbuddies to 40404 in the United States
Mary Jane called my name I asked her why you keep FU%! with meh she said we need our alone time hahaaa
Looks like I'll be drinking solo
me too bro me too lol
I've voted 7 times & I keep voting!!!
- I'm with you! We should call it Whedonland.
Thanks Adam!! We're so glad you enjoyed your meal. See you again soon!
This conversation invites me to plug , a wiki-style journalism project that needs active volunteers.
I remember when you would come to the WLCAC in Watts. You stopped and talked to my dad on 109th st while he washed his car one time.
Awww snaps today was my last day at my 9to5 I just graduated to doin Music Full time OMG this feels so Crazy Such a Blessing thank you God
Merrrghhh. I don't like tests. Or homework. Or AP classes.
I love you Natalie.
thanks for the follow!
I always say that the best compliments come from other women because there is no ulterior motive. :)
hit the three wheel motion on the way...u got our shirts?
Obama makes me love him more and more every day!!!!
Adversity is an adhesive to attentiveness. Wthout it one should seek other strategies to test one's strength.
on a sunday!!
Thanks for hosting 1st #WOMMAchat today- looking forward to meeting and connecting with everyone at WOM-U!
I'm getting ready to listen to it now! POW!!!!
im sorry! I didnt know it was you! Your windows were tinted af!!
Bro...wat the fuck do mexicans be puttin in these breakfast tacos
“: ": Hello" hey beautiful”u never got back to me bout the personal trainer video
- I'd imagine so... Trying to reach back with your hips will help, also a little shoulder flexibility will clean it up
I always spend 30 minutes debating if I should wear what I picked out -_____________-
Im on my way but could really use an opportunity with you. Im prepared too. :) :) kathiej - KS1075 Denver
Chico and Steve look like they were just served divorce papers..
I'm thinking I may decrease the # of computers in my life to 1 powerful Windows machine (server perhaps) & 1 badass laptop (Mac perhaps).
It's been a busy week so we failed on the #BlogPost front. But this just means next weeks will blow you out of the water!
Beautiful tribute to your grandmother.
What's your New Years resolution? Ours is to make more beer!
as of right now coffee as well bc I so over did it today and now I am violently ill.
I need a fucking drink. So much on my mind right now.
I'm selling two tickets if anyone is interested!
Are you a single lady looking for a single man? Go dine in at a Carl's Jr.
never had to follow rules.
Aww I'm sorry
The first presentation in B122 is "Paving the Student Career Path Through Social Networking."
if I had ten thousands dollars for every degree in my temperature, i would feel like a million bucks
Our offices close at noon today for Good Friday. Hope you guys have a super weekend!
Yummy gumbo for dinner and still time to knit! Finishing up August socks... I hope.
WERE HANGING BEFORE THANKSGIVING !
and I do that sometimes because I'm trying to hurry up!
Using my iPad + Bluetooth Keyboard in addition to my MacBook makes me so much more productive. It's almost creepy.
“: Kendall and Logan are single. There's 3.4 billion women in the world. May the odds be ever in your favour.” THIS
COWBOYS WIN SAP SUCKAS!!!!! GOOD GAME ROMO! WHO'S NEXT????????
YergerTech is hiring and we want you to know about it... Please check our Join page to see all positions but also see the included link for…
The older I get, the more I value and appreciate family. Family is the closest manifestation of unconditional love that exists after God.
So glad to see Julia and Tom in a movie together. They were my childhood favs and I always wanted to see them together in a film. :)
Lets make wisconsin the trending topic wisconsin lehgoo
we looked so stupid :p
And he's a millionaire! RT : ironic, why did you refuse a 6% pay cut?
Just passed my Brocade Certified Network Engineer (BCNE) exam!
Very exciting. Can't wait to geek out on UX/UI stuff with you.
Today was pretty great, but now I'm studying for my finals on Tuesday :'(
Whaddaya know. I live in Santa Monica and I love Boa. You should go to Copa d'Oro next. I promise that I am not there.
Lol Prolly one day but You Only Live Once
great bar, can't wait to make you a Sicilian in a couple weeks!
follow back please :) !! lots of love<3
In fact, I'll say this his whole project will probably be the 'smartest' shit to drop in a long time. 'Sephirot' is some serious shit.
yah it's not bad and it's Monday thru Friday
the winner and contestants will be contacted via email on tues.
What clients/prospects want on website: What have you done, who are you doing it for, and what can you do for them?
this episode of Girls is amazeballs
I love love love Blake Shelton and Jermaine.
Did kid did not just say pacquiao is undefeated right?
I owe you a phone call! I haven't forgotten. Tonight?
you got that right but now i'm kinda sorta ready for Monday!
Great #venturecapital opportunity custom #travel solution drag/drop changes, itinerary, map in your calendar & more!
haha! thanks for this :)
so you only communicate via twitter now? i'm still new at this - you can't expect me to to same-day responses!
Stop wit daphy duck faces.
Thank you so much social media rock star for the tweet love about our blanket needs!
PLAYER SAFETY? Players sleep with hookers. What's more dangerous here. Long live productive defenses
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Clippers-go figure! Congrats-but my loyalty is always
Great job hosting TWiT last week. Loved the earnings-o-rama
lol i mean.. she'll be like i bet you 2 kisses.. okay i bet 5 then I lose so I can get 5 kisses..
Who's watching #TopShot?!?
Omg I am so excited to spend my whole night at Little Caesars!!!!!!!!
It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins
that would depend on who is asking. for you, yes, yes it is
you are not dreaming! although a midnight snack may be in order! RT : Holy popchips! followed me #SomeonePinchMe :D
You're fine!
Congrats to Peyton Hills for winning the cover of Madden 2012! Well deserved!
keep us posted! your picture belongs in our "Where My Reman U Shirt Has Been" segment!
Being a girl is so hard when youre in my family.
oh looool so what's your name ?
Follow my tweets,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy online streams on HD
Let's get fucked up and die. I'm speaking figuratively of course.
'I need that one thing, and you've got that one thing.'
!!! How has the disc golf been going? I feel like I haven't been in the office in ages.
Agreed - But when you go from Manning to Flynn to Smith to Garrard.... "Lucy you have sun 'splaining to do!!!"
DANG IM TOO LATE JANUARY PAST ! Any other apple giveaways besides ipod touchs i got one alredy
Yay! We just had a family from Japan come and buy some of our soaps to take home with them! (via Bath & Body Bistro)
The gear quantity/quality at is the best I've ever seen. So happy I made the switch! Full workout in < 45min?
thats big league. The Cards will calling soon.
Just remembered tomorrow's friday bitches
Maintaining separate residences and physical separation while still married can present novel difficulties when renewing a green card.
♪THATS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU LET HEART BREAK!!♪WAOOAOOOHH♪ WOH!
MOVING IN THE MOUNTAINS | each promote ideas for being active.
Check in soon with the CNN.com homepage to see my featured video work.
ups flow right now till bout 7, whats good wit u?
As 4 uploading a pic,if u wanna change ur profile pic it's the same thing just choose a pic of u frm ur computer
I watch Dr Oz's shows with notebook in hand! Example: Add Capers to salad and pasta as its good to fight Heart Disease!
Will be at #CES Mon-Fri, send a message if you're in Vegas for the show! -- Alan
and the risk doesn't justify the reward in D-I
why hello there ;)
Global firm seeks IP Trans Attny Specialist-NYC. Full-time contract exempt position. Send resume to Wendy Oliveras at .
I fear that which ever way this game goes, a shot of is in my immediate future... :/
got your wedding planned out ;)
Omg.! A rallys had an inside.
Reading/Berks county peeps, would you go to the center of the city to buy custom letter press items? or cool hand made clothes?
RT : maybe next year will host <- Lead speaker rec for
Hard to become a vegetarian with so many restaurants selling meat and none healthy food.
Did you know that we have some of the best Pizza in Chicago and tots. Yes tots!!
Just looked through my old swimming ribbons and remembered how much I fucking hated it
lowering my cholesterol
who is your current 1B?
Head over heels for you.
A bit of a frustrating day and yet, I love my job.
"Can we go back to Adele?" - Americans watching #grammys "dance party"
good one rev
its an awsome view got any pics
First day of BookPals! Reading to 1st and 4th graders this morning. Excited :)
just can't seem to wade through the to-do list
That's part of our problem - I need to blog expertise more and haven't for the last year.
A wise man's question contains half the answer. - Ibn Gabirol
well my nap was nice but I may have possibly slept through my dance class
#youthviolence If every house of worship committed to mentoring 6.7 kids, every kid would have a caring adult, the key to success
perhaps u misunderstood, while barely starting to mourn mom, dad died too,I did their in-home hospice care
Finish the lyric... "Turn it up make it louder..." :)
thanks for the checkin
#Broncos trade 87th pick and 120th pick to get 67th pick. They select RB Ronnie Hillman from San Diego State.
This is killing me....
this young man is ready to shine in your 2014 even Jhedayah juice Gibbs Marshall Academy NY true PG
whenever you come over and im home or when it drops next month
Hi everyone - Zay
You are welcome!
Just heard an #earth wind and fire tune great band
...gone, I waited on some other people. I started ringing up this woman who had a lot of items and the son came back and..
Fun Fact of the Day: Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches!
. Narbacoa short rib, lentil spinach and purple potato vegan... And smiles
make a wish make a wish and say <3
but, also, why?
woh- just saw someone on the train with a disc man.
Thank you for follow. ~Mark
Are you online? I've signed onto AIM in the event you are :)
Your kidneys need to go somewere!! :( i miss you and hope your feeling better! Ill kick your little kidneys butt's if not!!
Didn't think I'd ever tweet "I forgot about Devotchka" but look. I just did.
It's going to be amazing once this database is up-to-date but updating it is making me go crazy.
March 15 deadline is approaching for many S corps to file their tax returns
I will wait by the side of the road. Like a hobo.
I get that about alcatraz. I find it hard to belive house could practice after the car thing.
remove and clean food filter trap then run some diluted chlorine in a sani cycle! Good luck!
Did anyone else want to be Kita from the Atlantis movie or was that just me
now thats funny
I will make sure I am there representing LB!
damn well we better kick it when you get back
Sometimes you just want too but the body is tired and worn out. :'(
Nebraska had thundersnow today. Rarity for sure.
U gotta lick it b4 u stick it!
Game #2 underway, with Steel Hurtin' topping Ithaca Sufferjets with an awesome lead: 176-21 with less than 2 minutes in the 1st half to go.
it sounds like one of them is a bitch
I have a new found love for silent movies and Buster Keaton. But mostly for Buster Keaton.
Earth Saver Bags wishes you an eco weekend and reminds you that there's a surprise in store for these winter holidays!
Having a conversation about learning with the Mid-Atlantic Catholic Schools Consortium in Baltimore MD.
Because you can't, you won't, and you don't stop.
Watching MJ movie... amazing how talented this man was!
I'm too hungry.
made it to the gym...hoping to keep my BS under even better control in 2012
RT : "A tree falls the way it leans, be careful which way you lean..." (The Lorax)
#tcea 2011 The Cloud Defined...still trying to get my brain around it :0/
I totally feel the same-_- de pings
DAMN GIRL. You better work! I love the peplum right now. It looks great.
lol u r crazy!!
Got my itinerary for my trip to Pakistan! 4 weeks with the navy and a month Pakistan, will be flying a lot this summer!
you're not tho?
CA Cities Top List of Most-Polluted in #ALA report, may significantly impact #health of residents.
Back n the studio, getn ready for a new juke cd.. Yeap still out here
make it better..!!
Jordan remember my money on Monday.
Sometimes I lay awake and think, even 16 months later simply reading your name or hearing your voice can make me fall to my knees.
so sad! pelican covered in oil :(
Turned a negative into an opportunity for an amazing first date! :)
At the peoples choice awards with Chloe ;D
I'm in so much pain!!! I'm icing my shoulder.
hey....let's play!!! I'm getting slow and fat. Chasing you around was good for me.
Walking LaHair to get to Soriano. Ladies and gentlemen, your 2012 Chicago Cubs!
FAT Niggas sleep outside for the New Jordans and they already be Leaning Over the Same Day!
Amazing Idea! We MUST put that together! Shall we have a talk this week?
Just set up some ukulele lessons. Now it really is the hockey-less summer!
I never go downtown...and people are really trying to convince me to go downtown this weekend...NATO weekend?
You're beautiful just the way you are...
RT : Chewing minty gum on an empty stomach <
If You Only Knew,that I think about you in a kind of secret way♥
Relate 100% of topic 2 their personal interest/goal. Wannabe baller kid? Do mock ESPN interview w/child on subject.
Oh damn, get some! GET SOME ;D Aha, we're cool (:
Sometimes are immediate reaction to something new is to protect ourselves....we should considering acting, not reacting.
I have the best memory in the world cuz I only remember things that are worth remembering. - Mr. 420
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx10
That's amazing! We need more fans like you!! <3
I wanna go to, but have no one to go with!
RT : Are you a real person? RT : LBJ is selfish in every way except the one way we want him to be--with the ball.
They were horrible calls, but no one can react like that, intent or not.
Giving today here in #Carmel. Even without the movie and dinner pass giving blood is a good thing.
Let's get it Holly!!
Any burrito enthusiasts in #SF? Foodies? What should I eat? Already got a carnitas burrito at La Palma in the Mission...
Interesting Fact: was the second country artist featured in Popstar! magazine. the first.. Taylor Swift
#InMyCity Nobody ever sleeps,along w the city itself.
#allrelationshipsneed to have started off as good friends first.
Charlotte Gainsbourg is stunning and heartbreaking in "Melancholia"
Totally! The challenge will be the paws. Maybe keep those black? use the coupon code SHLOVE as you are checking out to save 15%
2 AM Elisheba calls it like it is.
Thanks for the follow :D
That sucks:( Hope you get better! Just really stressed about finals & last minute projects, but it'll be over with by Thursday:)
she's on NOW!!
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.
I got a new dog, his name is Moose. (:
Home at last... Well got home last night but was too tired to say anything. I miss it. I wanna go back...
Go to the colleges or public sidewalks around colleges.
Hi bella i'm your bigges fan
This is a much bigger room than I expected.
Went to the dentist this morning, this is now the cleanest that my teeth will be for the next 6 months...
does bill get any royalties from it?~
Excited 4 today. Returning 2 Church this afternoon after suffering my 2nd stroke that left my right leg partially paralyzed a month ago.
Good morning Monday! I have Ariel hair. Be jealous.
chillin over my homeboy house on the WESTSIDE ATL
good luck! you do fine (: like you said, everyone is naked haha
Never said they were. But neither are the Knicks. Go Brooklyn Nets! HAHA
Nothing is impossible in life, we just gotta learn to never stop until it happens.
I hear a Rick Ross song and think of my bff INSTANTLY lol I miss her! :'(
#JonahHill has put a good amount of weight back on since filming
I WANT SUMBODY TO TWEET FOR ME
imm a loose cannon cop who doesnt play by the rules.
yummy i could eat one
Old Hoes Be On Dick Too... Lbs
Oh my, you're so pretty.
I live in Canton.
Gm, don't be an asshole, say it back
What a way to end the season! Thanks guys for an incredible month of baseball.
My life would be a lot more amazing if I modeled it after the lost boys movie......Or even the lost boys from hook.
not so much!
Happy New Year everyone! First NY in Los Angeles. Going to see what it is all about
do you have a private banquet room that could accommodate 20 people next Saturday (May 12th)?
I love your bio.
FINE!! I made an #Instagram. Same as my twitter
Thanks for the RT, gents. I'm glad you approve.
Pringles: Crack in a can
john statz and the polyglots
“: Realizing you're wrong but still arguing because you refuse to admit it..” I'm right again.
:) I won't "guess" anymore.
Clothing companies looking to set up an endorsement with Death of an Era, email:
all 4 of my SKC jerseys are large.
friends [frends] –noun. people who make you feel like you just saw them 7 minutes ago when you actually haven't see them for 7 years!
French fries+strawberry lemonade+mocha frappe,all from mcdonalds=bliss(to me that is)<333
just heard about you guys! Would love to get you on board!
Getting ready for the Budgeting and Financial Literacy Seminar presented by JU sponsor the Della Porta Group..Noon until 130 in DCOB 159!
All Independence Hall tickets distributed for the day. Fail on playing Philly tourist
How much does a consult and training plan cost from Coach Caleb, ? I figure this half ain't gonna run itself. DM or email, yo!
RIP Etta James, you were truly a legend.
A U.S. study in 2011 found that nearly half of parents with obese children believed their #weight was healthy.
People usually stop singing when you catch them doing it. But, I have noticed that people are not stopping.
yup yup -__-
Everyone in the Riverwest area north of Locust: your voting location is Fratney St. School.
Thanks to all of the leaders who participated in the 2012 #TAFP Interim Session. We appreciate your hard work! Goodnight and safe travels.
The difference between education & experience? Education is when u read the fine print; experience is what u get when you don't.
Impatient for my future.
have fun at the game!
Aww, love you too! Remember, Wandita, you WILL succeed. Doesn't feel like it now, but you will.
#Atlanta is the place for #karaoke and #spoken word on Thursday nights! (7p-10p) $3 OFF when you join us on FB and Twitter.
Hello I would like to invite you to follow us to receive help on your environmental due diligence!
you miss you hunnys?
thanks and what do you mean?
Thank you heavenly Father, for everything that you are & all that you have blessed me with!!!
thx! Ditto! What r u reading?
I love when chinese people are doing my nails there so adorable and funny(:
Thanks for the kind words, Food Dude!
“: nope, thats not how this works. you tweet back when tweeted to missy” she's right^
Jamming to avant
Shit I have two huge tests tomorrow..... and I need to shower still
#WhatWouldMaidaDo.... with this beautiful weather?! IMPROVE OUTSIDE EVERYONE!
Regret is what you get when you let your emotions taking over your decisions.
Thx for the shout out!
#Obama: "Look at that guy. Now back to me. Now look at that other guy. Now back to me. I killed Osama, let's talk bout that again."
Beautiful day in Portland looking to buy some boats today!! Who's got one they want to sell?
You are an avid reader, who is your favorite author? I saw your blog, are you still in film making?
Today I'm grateful for my cuddly kitties :-) such good pals!
Nice to see your friendly face when I checked in!
Oh cool, my eyes are watering so much from my allergies it looks like I'm crying.
#ThingsIHearEveryday wake up!
SHOUTOUT TO FOR THROWIN MY VIDEO ON DA SITE!! GO CHECK IT OUT FOLLOWERS...ND LEAVE COMMENTS ND TWEET SHOW SUM LUV...
I love life ma nigga
yeah I noticed that, too
Thanks for spreading the word bro!! <33
#DefOfEarning$$$ Knew rich man that made money hard way during prohibition - fought off revenuers & rivals. Had lots of scars 4 proof!
Doc Rivers feeling crunchy ..
ok bet thanks for the look
They're watching Take Shelter on the season finale of The Good Wife. Yet another ominous sign in an episode slopping over with foreboding.
Pretty sure I killed my senior project, headed to Savannah with
“: “: #WeLoveLilKim, I thought April Fools was the 1st.”” lmfaooooood !
In school I look weird when I fangirl.
OMG!!! They are saying no side effects...hm??
I'm a loser. :P
I have to pe! May I use your bathroom?
yep! Password change coming!
lol shut up Brandon
Greetings. Much more to tell you about Las Vegas. Maybe #raffel and will add some color. sounds great.
On the way to Chicago >>>
Hate when I buy things and I pay for it with change and the cashier gives you a dirty look :/
last straw. I'm moving my uterus to Maryland.
I might just have a me relax day 😍😍
That is indeed a shame. It prob doesn't help, but both sides often feel that way.
Cult might have you at the edge of your remote.
Wish I was home with the wife.
[very hip Wale video, featuring DC colleges and universities] - "If that's not gonna motivate people to give, what will?"
Looking at the #NMLSA/AMLE Conference sessions and getting excited. Is anyone going/presenting?
I'll try
can you put away crawfish?
:) RT Lol done and done :-) we need more of u anyways :-) Lol
RT : Watching 4th And Forever... I'm Liking This Show So Far. It's Real.
For those of you who love to spin that old hi-fi disc at home... well, the vinyl version of "Black Rabbit" is on it's way. ~peace
iz nice to see a happy ending fer a shelter pup!
once school is done, my darlin!
yummy :) awesome lunch girl!
That would be awesome!!!!! :)
RT : Rush Limbaugh has a mean & puerile sense of humor, but does have one. Hannity is just angry.| And not very bright too.
Of course! Still in love with your electronics?? some things never change...
heading in to roast today for the show Friday, get pumped for good coffee and good music!!
Awesome. Thanks! Hope you enjoy it.
congrats on by the way... exciting!
The manipulators have been able to get a handle on the market, but they are having a wild ride.
I hate the last mins for me to get off. It is so Damn long!!!
I'll be live on the air from 11:30-noon EST today on WGRC radio on their show "The Matter at Hand" with my book - listen in!
RT : I think what makes u great is the team dat u surround urself ,they keep me so motivated 2do so much better everyday..
its Friday baby!!!
Youk grand slam....
1) I am swayed by ideas that may or may not be different; 2) I've just heard the boss' boss talk about it, but it sounds (1/2)
who would you want from this game on the wizards next year
Be quiet katherine
okay I will. But if you know your not going to like it why do you listen to it lol
That moment when his ex coments on something about u to talk to him --
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Carpool lane on 520 wide open yet ambulance insists on using regular lane screwing up traffic.
done & thank you!
I feel better about myself when I don't look at my portfolio online & think about paychecks. Just get really high & smell the cash in hand
#garageSaleHijinks $1 each. "The Stranger" is a solid album. Only way it could be better is if the Sinatra was "In The Wee Small Hours"
it's okay I don't have my own computer. My parents one is shut down now.
Have to come up with $4000 to fix my car......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST FRIEND EVER, !!! WISH I WAS SPENDING THE DAY WITH YOU!!!
When If You Go Away was released in 1992, it was uncredited. When radio stations inquired about the artist, they were told it was______?
Out of the pool and back courtside for the Michigan St. vs. Chaminade game. If MSU doesn't win by 35 I'll be surprised.
Do employees at #Staples earn a living wage? NO! But #Bain made 80% profit. That's not magic, it's
It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day? Like I needed an excuse.
follow back? :)
Boxer Dogs: 10 Items air max You could Not Learn about Them ...
gallo jersey tshirt on, and i
Sure! What's the topic? Send me an email and we can discuss :)
just got back tonight. A ton of fun! Pictures slowly coming in on FB...
#np Sunday Kind of Love
Im tired I hate skol fuck
Hey st dept, (20th and va ave nw). Come shuttle some pollo Jamaica into your mouth strapped to the back of a fresh corn tortilla.
We need to be more cognizant of the openness of the web and the impact on our individual brand/identity from
they ate so comphortable wore mine every day since I got em
I think i did enough work, night peeps
haha! Do you guys like my new bio? ;P haha! :]
Eastern Pennsylvania, 9:50am. 87 degrees. Just like DC without any bookstores (bye, bye, Borders)...
bitches be trippin'
It's a great tackle by Collin. If he gets more of the ball there is no question. Still gotta give Oduro credit for selling it
I like coffee, but not enough to deal with a coffeemaker full of mold.
Dodgers scored in 8th... what a slow game
#BBW I agree 100%! Notice she don't f**k with Tami ghetto a** anymore!
RT Marketing a new yellow beverage called "Mountain Depardew." (wish I'd thought of that)
---> Visit the booth next week at the CPAC Convention in Washington DC! Remember - SARAH PALIN speaks on Saturday.
You are!? Text me 310.439.8414 RT : coming to LA at the end of March. Get excited.
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful day. Just winding down the evening here.
2Nite on CN|2 Sports: tried to get Hologram 2Pac but settling for instead. We'll talk UL spring game, BlueGrass Stakes, Pitino
I got in a few tweets like that.
I looked at all my tiny closets last night. My conclusion? Absolutely no way!!
I'm really glad you had a great trip, and I'm glad I was able to be a good hostess/tour guide. You're welcome back anytime!
impromptu mtg in DC. I reached out to Angela. Just double-checking.
Tweeting from my car? Yes I thing so! To the concert!
To some Android users: find Playd on the marketplace by typing: "Playd" working on a fix for that with Google
It's just too much to handle right now. I'm going to bed early before I make things worse.
RT : RT : Leaving the toilet seat up more of a threat to my marriage than Same Sex Marriage.
Love YOU!!
Anna Paquin is pregnant! Now Sooki and Snooki are both expecting! Lol
July perhaps?
I love how Emma Stone describes her dresses at awards shows. "Well, it's fuchsia. And it has a big bow."
3 taken to hospital after high-speed accident in Lunenburg
Pretty good prediction! I hope you brought your goggles!
y'all should and maybe a few others. If its what I'm thinking, they cut her off pretty quickly?
An antiquated data center is a true business hazard.
Our pleasure! Glad it worked out! RT : Spoke to Debbie this morning. Terrific lady! Thanks for helping me out!
Jutowa! because I am a dwarf
Today is My Best Friend's Wedding. Literally.
Im talking certified on leave crazies..this lady/man I dont know...moved from one computer to the next to sit by me...You dont know me crazy
good luck even thoe u and the boys dont need it
yes I did follow
#IfIWereAPet I'd sleep easier in November!!
my mom just pisses me off!!
#sacscoc There is LOTS of data available for mining, even outside the student information system.
yikes...sorry if i've been spamming erryone!!
Oh hey, that's by where I live.
just sent an hour watchin onn you-tube.... can you tell i love him? :) <3
Wonderful, Wonderful weekend to all- safe and sunny! AND, a kosher, delicious #Shabbat #Shalom to our Jewish friends throughout the world.
Missouri Republican lawmaker announces he is gay
At the jail doing a bail.# uno bail man in LA!
I seen big luscious in your mentions y'all eating them junts together!
why is it that I can never fall asleep? Any recommendations?
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out, it's the pebble in your shoe
for an ESPN Boston "why they run" feature I'm working on. Shoot me a message if you're up for it. Thanks a lot in advance!
been there done that.. He was a real winner.. However.. Taken. Lmao
Not that we have room...but I'd totally love to have a nice stereo rig with a swank turntable.
you guys got some coo stuff. keep it up.
you'll get where you're trying to go bruh. congrats on the book. congrats on thriving and surviving.
Food need to hurry up
Still a SLIGHT RISK for SEVERE WEATHER around Central Ohio - if storms pop, they could be strong to severe. Stay alert and stay safe!
TEN penalties in one half? When did the Niners become the Raiders?
Scholars maintained the translations were lost years ago.
nailed it. obsessed.
Making excel my bitch using the Match function. Yay, data normalization. o_0
Very proud of our board member, for her preso on social media for business at
****straight up sexy g.
Timeflies Tuesday: Call Me Maybe: via
Although I just realized I am completely lacking in ping pong balls and steins. Damnit.
love you!!
come to ohio ill be on your show
"If I'll take care of me for me, and you'll take care of you for you NOW we bring value to the friendship"
RT : It does my #wonk soul proud to see so many people interested in debating honest graphing technique
I have no doubt you will find all those things while you're here ;)
hey joe js bitch follow back ;)
That scary moment when your violin teacher is paying more attention to the performer on the radio than the road.
Good night guys :)
Nice back to back lefty v lefty at bats by and Eric Hinske.
And my personal life lately is very parochial. But I don't mind. Work global, play local.
I have so much love and knowledge and no one to listen. Love u
Good morning twitter follow me n I will follow back :)
It's an important conversation to keep having. Seems = the latest reminder that hey we're still *the* market
missing bobby pins in this world
You cheated. Pirate
": Houston defenders def urban DFW elite 41-40.". Next up: Ark Hawks in semis
The NFL & hazmat officials are urging Steelers fans to leave their towels at home, or better yet, in the garbage can. www.thePackerPage.com
Oh ! You're just jealous you didn't think of it sooner! Don't fret, you're continuing the stereotype of stick-up-the-ass! x0x0x
I love you :)
Listen for God's voice in everything you do, everywhere you go, he's the one who will keep you on track. - solomon
no excuses. Play like a champion!!
we're glad you found us and thanks for sharing!
pondering... "a good idea is like a wheelbarrow; it will go nowhere unless you push it." ~ J. Jacobson
My amazing friends are playing at Pig&Whistle tonight 10PM. If you're lucky, you might get a possible guest appearance by yours truly.
😂 RT : I didn't even know Chris bosh liked women
Cleaning out your closet can be beneficial. Just found a $20 Dominos GC from 2010.....
eflorida Innovation Monthly Newsletter - August 2010
Today's #Tech Tip: Feature one of your top fans in your email newsletter. Don't talk about yourself all the time.
What do you wish you hac
Constantly seeing Will Smith parody account retweets on my TL. I'd delete them if they didn't my balls tickle
you gotta train him as your prodigee
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them
"Slaughter is racing's way of disposing of horses without retiring them." Jo Anne Normile~founder, CANTER
FACE IT HATERS. Beliebers are such a powerful fanbase, you can't get through us. #iloveBieberbecause he's my INSPIRATION.
#whatyouwant is to do it and do it good cause nobody what's to redo you mess ups
RT : Thanks to everyone for a killer #d2l11 - so jazzed to get back home and bang out some more great stuff (via )
spring brings out the crazy:)
I think someone's better half has been having her way with your iPod.
Building a playset takes a long time, I'm 8 hours in and still have about 4 more to go but the kids are gonna flip out when they see it!
RT : RT : RT : The most attractive thing to me is if you can make me laugh.
I need sleep
Is it strange to clap at televised singing competitions?
didn't realize how close my birthday was . Being 20 really is just another breath i thank god for
I have bookmarked your site. Looking to do more local things.
Love love love #whodoyouthinkyouare. So glad it popped up on my DVR.
Nikita seems to be doing better this morning! I layed with her all night, maybe that helped :) So relieved my baby is back!!!
Thanks Partner at Structural Engineering Group, exciting year ahead!
Thanks to all who came to our show last night!
I am currently out of the office at a job interview and will reply to you if I fail to get the position. Please be prepared for my mood.
you got it now share the love :)
Still aint right
my kinda philosophy
Your welcome (:
<-- #NF! #TeamFollowBack! Sounds like a girl I could get along with!
I must be sick, 'cause I've ordered delivery from Zifty and am watching the Shat on CBS.
Thats awesome, we LOVE organic foods
Thank you CharliAnn Olney, Kylie Johnstone, and Gail Harris for liking Printed Silk Fabrics!
so far I have predicted the winners of 3/4 matches from tonight
thanks for RT!
Love and loyalty doesn't make excuses, they make it happen.
Happy early birthday bro, enjoy it!
missed your animal self this weekend. You can make it up to me after your million day up north vaca!
I use #Hairspray to kill bugs in the house.
Its said that bad memories cause the most pain, but actually it's the good ones that drive you insane
Hey Greyson love ur song waiting outside the lines
LOL! If you only know that I LIVE to make the monkey blush...it's my job, and I'm extremely good at it...:)
A fatwa on any form of this coupling: Beautiful Disaster, Happy Tragedy, Lovely Death, etc. It's not poetic, deep or clever. It's LAME.
Thank you, everyone, for your "break a leg" messages for today's show! Means a lot to me! :) Have a great day, guys!
I keep running into you, but we still haven't scheduled lunch! Let's do it ASAP! :)
Yep, agreed.
what happen tell me cuz i didnt follow them plzzzz tell me !!:)
it was nice seeing on Friday !(:
Is it bad that I'd rather watch the Barcelona game on tv instead of Obama speaking at my school in person?
can any of you talk to me
If you require people to do one of those a 2-step verifications before you will accept their email in your inbox, you = douche
Next up: Speaking NAKED: Stripping Away the Barriers of Effective Public Speaking. No, I will not get naked..don't worry.
oh nice to know
Did You Graduate From Link Building High School Yet?
Hey Guys! A little more than a month before Shooting Robert King's release date! Pre-order your copy from Amazon today!
Very interesting crowed sourcing superbowl TV commercial reviews live time, watch commercial then Twitter
Final four for mens Lax, Loyola, UVA, Colgate, Hopkins. would love to say terps but dunno if you beat hopkins twice in a year
I can't believe it school is closed tomorrow well at least for me I am so happy :)
#SCREAMS They coming out with The Fast and Furious 6 on May 24, 2013. Oh yeah! Can't wait...
yeah ...ALREADY REPPIN!!
We are still looking to partner with non-profits to receive proceeds from our on going cause marketing campaign. Open to suggestions!
lol my bad I forgot.
Where & how can Asian consumers living in the U.S. find & purchase whitening products?
Me to and who knows they can make the tag team division more interesting again.
ok, thanks.
I followed u :)
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas baby! !
MINE TOO!!!!! ;) ;) " Favorite hobby: shitting #lesbihonest"
RT : Concerning the new AZ law, if your not in the country illegally, you have nothing to worry about.
I hear you. lol
if there was something higher than goddess she would be it!
We are setting up for the National Assc. Broadcasters show in Vegas, it is going to be an exciting show , energy is high and look is great
Did you see Sean Marshall might close for the Reds?
no way!! Lol I wanna see how everyone used to look! I can't even imagine you though:p
Fantastic tweet!
Um ok... That was awkward. I dont get the meaning of the song..
Byxbee takes it all the way to the warning track but ball is caught to end an incredible rally. GT wins 6-4, final score
#NP Hey Mama
Everyone in this class scares me
Be thankful you we're able to see the new year... R.I.P all the fallen soldiers ! ♥
what does smh mean????
Nice Pitch old man!!!
I think you will have to. You think of the NBA like it's 1 on 1 or at the playground, team ball matters. That's why Dallas won
wayne got direct tv lol
Yeah....I take that back, music is my favorite sound. :D
how is your day so far?? :)
this was great.... good lord. thanks for sharing.
Proud owner of a 2010 Jeep Patriot now. :)
"Cee Lo always looks like a nutcase... What the frick is on his teeth? Frickin' freak."- Ma mere while watching the Voice
lol im done, go be with your other "bitches" !
maybe tommarow im just too mad to laugh at it right now...
are you trying to gain or lose?
James Fucking Harden
showed my dad "Fuck me baby" and he digs it lol.
After an intense back and forth battle, Rob PcPherson defeated Rickie McCartney via arm bar submission at 2:17 of Round Two.
New acronym for this.. TTGT..
nobody's watching anyway
Got some gas...... This shit is good. Get at me if you in the Dec....
Is writing on mattresses the new thing...or what
It is about 1pm time for lunch and enriched coffee comforting, to be working at home and not at my J.O.B
19 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
UGH I have to do that real soon too.. NOT looking forward to it.
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once won’t do it again
Do you have a baby?!?!?
if o is Bambi it's Bambi with claws that enjoys belittling others, nasty reviews, dismissiveness, and denigration
thanks so much!! And good luck with okcupid! We're rooting for you!
what about a in the ? there are so many beautiful (and empty) spaces that they could use.
I may be young but I'm ready 🎶😏
Lust control tomorrow night with the brigade
Meeting Gifts can say a lot. Say it through seeds. Give as a way to support sustainable policies.
“: the mets r amazing this year so far baby!!!!!" not for long Terd
#np The Complete Birth of Cool
Are You And Bella Thorne DATEING ALSO I LOVE NO ORDINARY FAMILY I Watched The Whole First Season
Watching"From Paris With Love" hell of a action movie
no Problem! :)
Only a week or so left till spring ball
Thanks For Liking Our Vid! :)
go for it.
Biting in the Stanley Cup, seriously?
I thought volunteering was going to be fun. Instead I'm in an office by myself organizing papers.
Boiling Crab again?!?
That's the best thing you could come up with?
Happy Birthday Jon Bon Jovi! I will be rocking out to Living on a prayer all day.
please do. Thanks Kevin!
next time we are sharing a car! how's yours holding up?
Good Morning (:
I want to sing to someone
Can we get a #ff? We'll retweet you
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house. It's a lot easier on you.
it's awesome! : love #gameofthrones!
Well, it's only Tuesday AM and you have a lot of air time left this week, so you should hire a helper monkey.
: What ends with the letter E, and has thousands of letters in it?? 'Post Office'
Trying my best... no need to try harder now, no giving up :}
First remove the SQUIRREL !!!
Here is Poised Creation's link to all the major music industry news! goo.gl/8pGIe
Good morning, corset!
Getting a pedicure>>>
Seriously the margarita ever. DC why can't you do Mexican right? This how I know I've spent too much time Tejas.
just what I was looking for today... thanks!
Give me sum Dim Sum w/
MY favorite iconic boy is Vinny because he is adorable! Im 12 :) He seems sweet I love his eyes and his smile
um that's so cool. How did you create such magic
How the heck are you man, been awhile.
How is everyone's post-paddys hangover?
wading through my e-mails is a nightmare
Creativity is a fickle bitch. I can struggle with a problem for days, then have the right answer just appear, fully formed, out of the blue.
BRGO LOOKING TO BOUNCE, RSI WAY OVERSOLD, 12M FLOAT!!!!
what's wrong? :|
Oh, that's easy then. I should be there when you are, I hope.
RT : Human Resources Goes Social! 27 Key Social Media Practices bit.ly/ufYG6W via
that's awesome dude! thanks for giving us a chance :)
Doing some metadata transformation this morning. DC to MARCXML to MARC (ETDs), thanks to MarcEdit! Fun.
Haha no doubt about it
And blah, blah, blah, never had a chance of even getting to the Senate Floor.
Good friends are like hot chocolate on a winter's night. Gives you that warm, cozy feeling. Better if the friends bring little marshmallows.
I absolutely love , I think I'm 19 going on 40.
UDSIS will be offline for scheduled maintenance tomorrow morning and early afternoon
You dont miss me, you just miss the attention l used to give you
u come over to my house yo sabrina ameria rayana janie the other katerra dymand and some other girl i dont know came 2 my crib
Sem G: Delorenzo: history of s/c tech services: format to functional to team-based approaches
Gerbil - 4 Gerbils - Small - Adult - Male - Small amp FurryConcord- gerbils for sale
the boat party
damn, first and now you moving on, this sucks badly.
#webwise DATA one: data sharing is inhibited by researchers' need to maintain data ownership to get tenure
I am an As Seen on TV addict. Wanted: My Pillow ( ); Gyro bowl; My bday is in June, just in case u need ideas!
Ariel tweet will
#JeffsRedHots off Cicero in Chicago good late food- cheese Polish and cheese fries complete with fork. I'm a foodie, but not fancy-picky.
my dad is walkin around da house in briefs...need i say #more :/
I think he said that bc my hair looks wild today. Ha
I read in Variety today that Samantha Barks replaced Taylor Swift in Les Miz! your girl got the boot! :(
#YouKnowYouBrokeWhen You Can't buy a bagle at the bodega
RT : Another grant app. completed & sent for #OpOliver fingers crossed, let's pay for some plants!!
Stretch Marks..
You are a sick man with an elephant-like memory.
No Taylor Lockwood get better please
the question is who sought who? My guess is #nbc sought sarah
Peace, Love and Nyquil!
Happy National Bieber Day !(: So i cannot believe hes 18.! i remember backk in 2009 when i first started beliebing (: haha
Keep Fighting Ladies!!!!! “: #23 Gamble makes it 64-70 with 25.9 Seconds left to play, Shaw leading”
Thanks so much. c:
Is at CRS (Country Radio Seminar) in Nash-Vegas
School starts in 5 minutes and there is no possible way I'm gonna make it on time
Dats how we do it in Dallas baby:-) go MAVS
EAV <3 you! RT Just a reminder that we REALLY appreciate your business over the past year :) Without you we couldn't do this thing
Congrats 2 my man who performs on Conan this Thursday
That stupid light always shines RIGHT in my eyes.
me too, but I'm not taking any chances. Will help Obama's campaign any way I can.
That should be me Holdin' your hand, that should be me makin' you laugh! that song is way cute;) notice me.
Huh? NOT what I'm told! HA! (just kidding!) =D RT Now let's not get personal. I'm NOT nuts! ;-)
West looks to the East for growth as Islamic finance comes centre stage
No school for me
Luis Suarez is absolutely brilliant, has made Terry look like a fool twice inside 20 mins
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms. On behalf of kids everywhere, I'm sorry for the hell you went through to push us out that slip 'n slide.
you know you churchy if you still bangin the Kirk Franklin and GP revaluation album in your car.
It's not letting me upload my video?! ;(
Omg I cant stop laughing.
like me on facebook
New jack city cancel that bitch neno
Who saw #HIMYM last night?! Crazy!!!
So the month of january is over have you established a 2011 championship game plan?
lemon tree is a bomb track I remembered when it dropped a few years ago :) still a dance floor killer
Team GRONKED baby!
so does the other thing...
And MW thru partnership w/ CBS Sports Net RT army-navy done a great deal through TV partnerships w CBS to get those games on
What makes good font - easy to read, attention to detail, yet subtle in its detail, well balanced, consistent
haha really?!?! They seem so innocent!!! Never mind then! Haha
"Our government rests in public opinion. Whoever can change public opinion can change the government." Abraham Lincoln, Dec 10, 1856.
We want to wish all of our Fans a Happy Valentine's Day today. What fun activities do you have setup with your loved ones?
Oh god. I Haven't listened to 'Still Got Legs' in ages, so I forgot how many Regenerating!Ten feels it creates. The Doctor is Dying oh GOD
Shake off the cold with a hot bowl of Pozole! New!! Sopa De Pozole Chicken and hominy in a poblano broth....
Like super heroes. Never one around when you need one. There's no Costco in Louisiana.
you're already playing at sprawling hills pond on at (game 8) (dka-0k)
Thank you so much! And I love yours too ;) :')
So jealous!!! Have fun!
i love this weather... the only thing that sucks is the fact that my knee hurts so much!!
Trying to relax a little watching #American Idol after a few rollercoaster days! Hollie Cavanagh singing this Bonnie Raitt song beautifully!
Freud's legacy is not science and certainly not a wholesome view of life....
Welcome to all returning and new EKU Students! Classes start today and the campus is filled with excitement!
I need a new job!!
unfollow all that do not follow me so if you were un-followed you know why.....
when do you consider a switch with jansen
like your thinking!
spend it cause I got it
Night loves (:
Class is off the chain right about now!!
i gt u..dnt strt yo day wit stress.
If Suggs makes it back by mid season, he's the toughest son of a bitch in the league.
Dude was good #ashes to
I need a phone.. :c
that's what I'm talking about!
i was reading it through my rss reader. It doesn't look like its available on the site at present.
Woo hoo! Excited to be getting a sketch done by ! Now to pick a photo!
Have you ever thought about how your words, or lack there of, have an impact on others?
Bleh! That is one mean looking stack of flashcards. Never again. Glad you found us, time to
And here all along I'd unfairly thought Conan was imagining the cheeseburger-stuffed pizza...
We're having such a fun ride right now! Thank you to all of our fans & friends...you make it happen!
na man you're pretty good man, if a girl doesn't want to be with you, that's her loss.
Congrats, dude!
Finally on the road headed to NY
:D and you're an awesome #Angel!!<3
after 35 could testosterone replacement be the key to restore energy levels ,and get weightloss results ,and muscle gains ?
I plan on it. Thanks! RT pretty easy to see that you'll do a great job there.
The solar flare could disrupt your life this morning! Find out how coming up on the !
I currently want to drink everything and anything from a Mint Julep cup
From a listener: "Love your sweet tunes. I'm from PA but have been living and teaching in Beijing China almost 4 years now." Hello Beijing!
DC Beagles welcomes the new group
RT : Celebrate those in uniform on Sat., May 19 at the #Cleveland International Tattoo. Tickets on sale now...
or hover over Inbox on the left sidebar and your dropdown menu should give you those options as well
I'm glad you liked it but I'm pretty sure you are one of those rarities that sees distinctions that most don't
Slept horrible last night, then traffic was jacked on Bel Air b/c of accident, then realized my packed lunch is at home while I'm not. Ugh.
Y.E.S. hahahahaha!
I'd rather be scheduling the apocalypse.
Fact is that water points tracked remotely do not tell the story. Real story reveals most water pumps don't work.
Splendid story telling, charming and clever.
Trying out this new trx training class this evening.
P.S. Congrats on hiring Ryan Duguid! You guys are so fortunate to have him!
Just ran into my old customer who paid for my boobs three years ago!
Spilled my coffee 2x in 2 days
Annoyed want to go home!!!
thanks for the follow
Those crepes can't take away your fabulousness! Can't wait to hear all about #cunamms12. Sounds like folks are learning lots!
"Do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is as perennial as the grass."
"Middle-Aged White Tennis Mom" sitting w/ ur 4 year old daughter, I don't think ur NWA ringtone quite fits w/ ur current Lifestyle
Taking off from Buffalo, NY today on a road trip across America. Will be stylin in a BMW through Saturday!
were goin to hot shots in a lil bit!! Mehhhh
Honestly, this day can only get better.
Well bummer, I just downloaded Instagram for my horrible droid and know I am sure that FB is going to destroy Instagram.
I've been calling it the Lil' D - This is the worst economy my generation has ever experienced. Other names out there? #Whatsinaname?
This shit is so hard to follow along with
Coffee is the most recognized smell in the world.
just keeping the boss and the 10th floor happy.
What do you all think of Radiohead's The King of Limbs??
I like the fact that you got jealous when I hugged another guy. Shows that you do care about me :)
Just gorgeous!! Wow!
Review of LOLA AND THE BOY NEXT DOOR coming tonight! (Hopefully!)
Your boss won't say you didn't get that promotion because you don't have a professional image. But if you don't...
I want to thank for shedding lite on the new NCAA Eligibility Standards. COACHES/PLAYERS U GOT to learn the new rules for 2015
Paging & RT If you want a good laugh, check out gerard depardieu on today.
Why is life so frustrating???
i wanna be a baseball girlfriend. </3
--> how bout libras with a virgo cusp ;)
"People who smoke cigarettes make no sense to me" FTFY
Isaza: Courts are looking to see that you are following your policy.
I want to have a good dream tonight
Yuck school tomorrow I am ready for summer break
so when do we get to hear the big news? Does it have to do with New York? ;)
who else thinks that the first round needs to be a five game series.
hey justin!;);) can you pls tweet me bak plsplspls;) it wud b so amazing
nicee tits boo
What is your biggest marketing challenge?
[To be a leader] One has to have courage... to be able to suffer blows... to feel the pulse of the country says
Late Night Happy Hour starts at 10pm, $5 Drafts. Burger optional - but pretty unresistable.
The only reason to keep cheese refrigerated is to inhibit the growth of mold.
can you send me an invite to google plus? Since I am your biggest fan in the world. Lol lol lol !!!
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
When we get to 100 followers we will release more free download codes!
just asked me to have babies with her o.O
I just watched your TED talk, we couldn't agree more with your approach to building a company around the "why"!
Me and had a great live production at I look forward to hearing the songs she got to them
Today I decided to be a politician an flip flop. I am now officially a member of #teamtebow till next Saturday.
what's the score 8-1?
Love it!
glad to see you're hitting the ground running!
yupp! I was planning on going next weekend if nothing comes up. I'm already nervous! Lol
lol. Naw I reheat them on the stove. (Put them in grease).
Waiting for the Metro at L'Enfant. Literally like 9 yellow trains have gone by. Still waiting on a green...
lifting up your dad tonight-great man and beautiful family
The Beetle commercial certainly took a random turn
Current transcription:Chris Potter playing Boogie Stop Shuffle.
March Madness #contest! Let's Go ____ Let's Go!, I got #Kansas defeating
Was Hacked so don't open any messages from Twitter from me. Should be fixed now.
Studying has led to the demise of my social media usage. Jury is still out if it's a good thing or a bad thing.
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." - Dr Seuss // Happy Birthday!
you'll understand one day Mckibban. It may be no fun now, but some day you'll understand.
RT : Swings so tough that Firemen can’t even cut it!: You may have heard that a man got stuck in a bucket swing the o......
Thanks for the support!
Just had one of those sandwich experiences where you're sorry to take the last bite - delish!
Good Morning lovely people! Go out, be productive, & make it a great day!
unicorns aren't mythical creaters , the horses dress up in lanshark costumes . ~
Barclays Looks At The Impact Of Government Austerity On Several Big Firms (DELL, NTAP, TECD, HPQ) via
is Bringin' back that Easters feel
word bro!, yea hit me up need to check it out
we like dirty!
#BallDay is turning into #waiting day. The guy in the room next to me has a UTI. Poor bastard. (thin walls)
Follow The Statue! also
good morning...hope you had a good night sleep....and sex!
Thank you, Sharon! All the best to you and John in 2012!
For the next 70 days all of the studio's proceeds from sales in our music download store will go to haitian musicians. Support haiti's music
my house needs weeded too, come on over!! ;)
They're every in the U.S too.
That is sad how Newt had to pass like that! Unfortunate that heideck has better coverage than
We're so close.
All fans of comic books, pop culture, and should see "Comic Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope". A fun new Morgan Spurlock docu.
lmfaoo! dn't i knoww it! i brought ur manicure 2 go set w. me in2 the city.. i'll get it to u when u meet up w. me 4 dinner :)
Fml going to clean my room then do nothing :( I can't wait till Gabbie gets here!!!
Thanks! What a great event! RT : You both look great in pink!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Steven Hickman ⁰Rising 9th ⁰San Diego, CA ⁰Travel Team: Solana Beach Cats ⁰Point Guard 5’9
Kentucky men's basketball has a 47-3 record in their last 50 games, tied for the best 50-game record in school history.
Yep. I'm also shocked how many don't know any other company besides Chegg. Shop around for that rental and some some $$$.
Enter the following into the TM profile: doc code, name of the doc & the client, matter or contact. TimeMatters saves the file correctly.
In memory of Whitney Houston, listen to playlist on my MySpace profile. -- C J --
Dear library people: would the use of social media in libraries be considered more of a public service or tech service topic?
killn it at the Kennedy WHOOP!
josh hamilton home run
Follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK she promos to over 90k
99% people feel uncomfortable when the tv volume is an odd number
I agree with & You should do #cpd23. I have two things left from last time that I'm determined to finish!
o thx that sucks I was there last week!!and I saw people with the sweaters and t-shirts of that but I couldn't find it!
Joseph Sanchez: lack of first sale + huge licensing costs = no library collection. CHILLING.
Come join us for a Cinco de Mayo extravaganza May4th-6th in Old Town full of yummy food, fun activities & plenty of shopping!...
Morning smothers and blisters! What's new and exciting in horror today? -V
Man like just be honest.. I'm a grown ass man.. my feelings won't be hurt lol
www.DatingChicagoland.com launches in 5 days--Go there now to enter your e-mail address to be notified when the site goes live!
In HighSchool You Was The Man Homie !
Perry - picked after a loooonnng pause by TT
- Thanks for the RT. I play Hold'em, too (on occasion), but I doubt I'm in the league of a software-developing Wyoming gal.
Ex secret service agents needed to train people on how not to do stupid stuff like not paying the puta her $25. Can u say stupid johns!
Yeeeeeessssss!!!! #gocaps #caps -- people are chanting lets go caps
My grandmas wrinkles be nasty, i be like damn i know she looks in the mirror, and thinks wat happened!
haha I fucking feel you ! Screw valentines day bro.
Going to enjoy the last day as the #Packers being defending #superbowl champions by watching the replay of XLV.
Sign in
hmm probably yours haha. mine's pretty lame
my brother go on my computer it looks like while i was study for a class in brookedale college i come down stairs and i see him on it.
just wanted to tell u your pic is fire
Hello - new friend from
Excited for the arrival of my new grill tomorrow!
The Hollywood Ramada tiki bar has the best Orange Crush cocktails in town!
that's why you beat your kids with a belt, BEAT YOUR KIDS, OLD BLIBICAL STYLE BABY, YEAH!!
Homeowners typically take only three baths per year, so you may want to consider getting rid of your tub and only installing a shower.
Well it's rained for three days. Lucky bastards.
How you going to be a douche to me then ask why I have a attitude? #YouDumb?
Falling in love is easy. But staying in love? That's the challenge.
Remember when No Air was massive!? Poor Jordin Sparks. Jump back in the success swimmin pool! Adele, Britney, Gaga, Katy will move over alil
What's good in the ATL my friend did you score me any NYE dates?
Fernanda Andrade is body odor in this film.
Our new seasonal menu starts today! Enjoy fresh, seasonal renditions on our appetizers & entrees. And try our new featured wine pairings!
you know that they sell gum at the movie theater right
i just became 's first instagram follower
Geek Pub Quiz: After food, starch is used in what worlds thin products?
I just got tickets to the matinee of #OneManTwoGuvnors on Dec 27th, excited to be seeing you in action after all these years!
Happiness is buying a treasure trove of tools at a garage sale! :)
Social apps are inappropriate when you don't want audiences collaborating. Example: suppliers (for some brands).
on my way to my housie house :-)
My mom writes me: "What a wonderful person you ate."
plans for later??? Lowell National Historical Park is open, stop by it's fee free @ Boott Cotton Mills Museum”
The Playstation is having a dinner for local teachers. U helped us get the word out before. Do u have a contact I can try?
can't remember if i said thanks, but thanks.
Clarification: Soup is GOOD food.
Off to santa fe to do a little flyering. Gotta be back by 3!
Compose new Tweet...
what are you doing tonight?
Yay celtics 👍🍀 Nope I hope lakers lose c: & clippers win tomorrow! 😉
“..be strong & courageous! Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the LORD your God is with you wherever u go”
Hey Mama I wanna fuck Your Son<3
did you see new video?! you'll love it!
Trenton, NJ opens "Buildings with Books" that aren't technically libraries. Hilarity does not ensue. Via
I'm sold. We can all get matching tats in Philly after ARST.
can we help with something?
‎#2012WishList 2) All the new rapping ass nikka's catch strep throat....(no i don't wanna buy ur CD)
Happy Easter everyone!
Put the sketch and improv muscles to use today with an audition for Nickelodeon's iCarly.
Today is a historical day for two ships that were built in Philadelphia by Delaware River shipbuilders! Check back in to see what they are!
I'm in one of those emo Moods where I'm like FML
Totally not making it to the gym at 5am
Thanks for recommending Camtasia! :)
Did you know: That on September 25, 1828 Mr Robertson, a balloonist, almost lost his life when his balloon snagged on the flag pole at...
Thanks for sharing our content. We enjoy seeing how certain verticals are using different channels.
TLC just canceled a TV show lacking social value; now let's see Tattoo School bite the dust.
lmfao no you do not
remind me how to subscribe to these again please?
Just discovered that I am also Swedish! My great grandfather was from there. Anderson. Very common. So cool. Swedes are cool.
RT : What's with all the bees in Coors Field?
Stretch is in the audience tonight! So excited to actually sit and watch the show tonight!
Rebel lyyyfe! lolno, you're such a goodie good :)
I love the cover of the Seattle Weekly..."Remember the day President Obama shot Osama in the Face." Shout out to Alex Jones
Sad to hear & will be cancelled after next season, but glad they get a final season 2 wrap up
And ruin all my hard work?? Ha! It's on, girl!
