I want to be where you are.
thanks! We can't wait either.
sounds awful
I wish it was great.. Oh well! I'll get weave. Aha.
ahah aw, next time! promise
Watching horrible bosses trying not to fall asleep.
Whats "interracial" to you? I am Puerto Rican babe. Am I not considered "Interracial" but this is not todays topic
Thank YOU Tim: I've booked three films since March 1 using your techniques... not to mention coaching actor pals
Watz with that the girls cry,faint or scream I wanna know
Yayy!! I'm finally out of school!! Christmas break is finally here!((:
I'm waiting for you to start the conversation first. I wanna know how much you miss me
Working Sugars tonight, sugarsperfect.com Austin.
If you lend someone $20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
They shot up buck truck he facing fed time when they shot up my truck ain't make no headlines-
: REPCO IS OFFERING NEW & USED GAYLORD BOXES FOR IMMEDIATE DELIVERY- CALL TODAY 561-721-3400
I will be in #NY in three weeks! And yes, stay true to the 512!
Hahaha. You know what's crazy? You're still in the playoff picture!
#MLA - everyone is gearing up for #ALOA 2012 in Las Vegas. Just found out -#ALOA 2013 is in Baltimore, MD.
that's the problem in churches now Brother
Hospital? What happened?
why did u work out..
Check out my Super Bowl preview show that aired earlier today on SEN 1116 in Melbourne and my Super Bowl picks at www.thechiefsports.com
Literally, no sarcasm intended.
Restaurant: impossible is a really addicting show to watch!
Such a nice day outside. Maybe you should drop in, get a book, and go read in the park?
im so tiredd💤
Listening to some great 60's music with my roommate. It's in his kiiiissss...
thanks for following! Look forward to reading your tweets.
Pleasure meeting you as well!
he is thanks
Mr. Nelson steps up, Bruins win going away.
I need a treadmill.
"Britney is an unparalleled superstar. Her success in the music industry over the last 2 decades makes her a perfect fit" -President of FOX
Hi hun, Thanks, how are you?
looking forward to hearing it from Creative Minds
Determine up front the potential lifetime value of a customer and how far you can afford to go to retain each one.
You don't know who my favorite characters are!
Happy Super Bowl Sunday! What are everyone's plans today in Cleveland for the game?
"If you're paying them to touch you then they're not a stranger." -- What I blurted out in English class while talking about massages.
I could use a vacation! Nothing would be better than going to Hawaii and staying at your Castle. www.CastleInHawaii.com :)
Be performing Wednesday.. And Sunday night!
RT : #dsum12 China is a growing online market outpacing the US of new online users.
Rest in peace, Etta James
Diamondbacks Select Trevor Bauer RHP from UCLA with 3rd Overall Pick and Archie Bradley RHP From Broken Arrow Sr HS in Oklahoma 7th overall
these moments are the last of an era. good or bad, it's been real. but everything is about to change, and i hope im ready.
my old one is really old and the boys took it from me. :(
awesome. Good job!
Parkrose High School is hella gay !
thank you, let's do 9am est, can you DM your email to me and I'll send the GTM info along.. cc:
Rise and Grind !
Good workout in the morning *keeps repeating*
I wonder if a new iMac will be introduced during the WWDC. That would be nice.
Surgical Instruments? nose surgery | Aesthetic surgery
pick me up a monocle! And a top hat...and a cane...and some midgets...and 200 lbs of the shit they put in lava lamps. Thanks
haha OH YEAH!!!
Happy New Years to you too!
Hello Monday, you heartless sonafabitch. We meet again.
Got to do some serious thinking! Can't afford to make anymore mistakes!
it was so wonderful seeing you! needs to happen more often before you graduate!
Well now I look like the asshole when it shows a tweet that says I unfollowed someone. I don't even know lost of you people!
Sad to hear about Adam Yauch. Way too young to die...
Well maybe Victor can fight him after he loses to Berto next month
I am great too, just have to get ready to go to work. Have a great day.
he is awfully bear-like. I worry that if I met a bear, I'd try to hug its head.
I'm about to pee on myself. 3 minutes from home!!!
you're a genius! I forgot to ask, how was that dessert?
Nice talking to producers from OWN... You have a lot of people at OWN again you are Oprah! #PackABag&Go!
ALL CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE www.createmoneyweb.com WE ARE HAVING A MAJOR SALE NOW ON OUR BOOK
yay! Thank you!
Great to see the #NewsBurst back again. Cool graphics to start as well. Great weekend to all.
I've got those faces you have!!
Got the car emissions tested way to early this morning. DC testing center closing at 1pm today due to heat. Now: at Pound on the Hill.
working duh!
5 Floyd Mayweather Quotes on Pacquiao, Having Respect and Playing Mind Games: Fan&#39;s Look
Stop by and have a cocktail at tonight with me for the #parkaveholidayfest !!!! 5-9
I see book # 2 coming out next year! :-)
RT : Oh, My bad.. I'm sorry for bothering you. I forgot I only exist when you need me for something."
Time for me to get a new iphone
Ive already undone my belt to ensure there is plenty of room. haha.
- wow, thanks for the follow but why me after 28,000 followers?
a beautiful flabby butt ----> I stare
and then #jimsteaks and then
To come to God fully, we must be willing to humbly surrender our lives to Him and to rest in His love and power. -James P. Gills, M.D.
I love you Will you marry me in the AT&T Center?
bulletproof condom when im in these hoes
Always cheefing to the good times...
also can't wait 2 see u n Nostaglia: A Tap Movie. I go way back with Johnnie & his parents! The trailer looks awesome!!!
A career made from name-calling. RT : Ann Coulter called Ted Kennedy "human pestilence" and was bleeped on MoJoe for calling...
Morning beautiful ppl
That awkward moment when you have 10 tabs open and you cant figure out which one the music is coming from.
The sinuses are doing funky things today. Glad there are plenty of leftovers in the fridge for supper. Hint, hint
May 28th Jenfek will be at the money in rock hill sc. . .come out and have fun with us!!
skipped the gym again this morning. Feeling a little overtired/woozy. Can I skip this week and go straight to vacation?
Its currently trending in Chicago and Boston :] RT : so why isnt MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE still trending?!
it is tasty tasty!
Kayaking expert launches push for conservation, safety
...DON'T be a DRAG...just BE A QUEEN!!! ;-) #DRAMATIC&WHINYWOMEN
Sleepy, yet again
GO SPURS GO!!!
‎"Been down one time Been down two times Never going back again."
RT : Q4) would recognize that learning is active, personal, reflective, desirable, fun
Being used for weed.
#GoTribe Let's go tribe.
It's gonna feel good to sleep in tmrw !
Did lots of cleaning around the house. Bringing a new meaning to #SpringCleaning lots of detoxing around the house, then its the body detox!
would you happen to have a tumblr?
If you want to up the wackiness/confusion, the Israeli slang term for balls/nads is literally the Hebrew word for "eggs."
I have the card (if I can ever find it again). I asked, and got, permission to keep it. Longer story than can fit in a tweet.
i just have one queston... do you like latin girls and if you do then im very happy ! <3
hey man whats up?
I was just told I have a "fucking real ass booty" great..Hubbard here I come!
Please follow
Thanks for the visit & sharing! “: It was an honor to meet the folks first time in Madison, fantastic school
#YoStruggleAintRealIf RT Some stupid crap trends on Twitter
"Just wanted to say your guy did an AWESOME job! My wife and I are both very happy with the work." Thanks Cory in Parker, glad to help!
It's Hard To Not Miss Someone You Love ! #ImaLivinqWitness !
Come on now Kim arent u from there u shld "know" what they're sayin by now. lol
"language and music evolved—culturally over millennia—for us", not the other way around? a provoking perspective from
How you like this one? For all you haters that talk behind my back, while you're back there bend down and kiss my ass.
Nice work !! Hike up your prices and then dump your server. No streaming when I want it, why would I pay more for that?
they all hit the big 10 year reunion this fall...then *sniff* they have to just be friends with me
bitch crazy
when is your show coming back on?
Bored going to play guitar for a lil. PC4PC???
you are most welcome! Hope you have an enjoyable evening!
wut u think of that Dope Boy Fantasies joint?...came up w/ that when I was locked...
From the LORD comes deliverance. May your blessing be on your people. Psalm 3:8
This is not #MayDay. Just another reminder of how "the Protester" has ran around uncontrolled for the last year.
hover over the toilet , don't get it on the floor!!
Overheard at #BWI: ''Do you need directions?'' ''No, we just need to know where to go.''
I'm kind of surprised that they stocked that much of the stuff away. And that it's only $1.70/btl almost 7 years later.
mental models might need to change to allow open space & tolerance for playful, systemic learning, with students at the center
#Drinking game idea: Take a shot every time praises something "fatty." I love
Macon experiencing an arts renaissance
that's not even a decision! RANGE!
i wonder if there's a correlation between personality characteristics and what row you choose to sit on? little lonely on this front row :)
why yes i have..but this TT is abt BLACK girls not WHITE girls..so why do you have to drag them into this
The sky is clear, sun is out. But there is a chill blowing in from Ithaca...I gotta feeling...
Thanks to all the people who have supported Tech Entrepreneurs Week, 2012 event is now here!
Nothing out of the ordinary, but have plenty of season-ending features.
Long time no see my friend. How are you?
lmao depressing. Tryin on clothes at the mall that you can't have.
RT: Uhm, wow: "Content strategy facilitates effective participation in the world." #ConFab12 | Elegantly stated.
Just realized that I need to re-babyproof my house. Boo.
Can't stop, won't stop! Nice job!! “: Another WIN...let's keep the streak alive!”
With explosion?
Thanks for the follow! Love your mission
Form the habit of saying yes to your own potential.
Holiday traditions #rwtastingcrew wants to bring back: coming home, open 1 present early, chocolate liquers, street-themed decorations
did anyone else think the birthing parts were a little disturbing? loved the dance sequences though, gaga is queen
Missed seeing you today bf <3 #Tomorrow;)
im good for whatever
U know u smoking good when U have to grab a couple dutch's instead of rello's
Just met leaving his restaurant El Paseo! Very friendly and a real treat for me! Just wish I would have snapped a picture.
Really stressing this whole move thing... I am not looking forward to being a days drive apart from my fiancée.
RT : Thanks for our sake cheat sheet RT! (Say that three times fast!) ^♥♥♥!
Aha same
Tonight (since I'm not rich) I will have to settle for ' #Titanic documentary.
its interesting how most of them niggas be wanting to make a sex tape but then dont know what the fuck they be doing on it
What colors do you see when you close your eyes? I'll tell you in about 5 minutes.
Nate said to me tonight (I quote) "if I eat any peas or corn I will die"
Ok Morgan Is Somewhere (hiding from me) so I took her iPod and got on her twitter :))) so who talks to Morgan on here!????? Haha -Eric :D
Pass the ball!! Pass it to jordy Nelson not James Jones!!
Oh things are about to happen ! Please stay tuned! Also go follow us on instagram Creator_hxc
Depression is epidemic among seniors due to loss of control, isolation. Internet usage by seniors reduces depression 20%
That shit doesn't sit well with me.
I am so tired. I was #productive today at least!
I know..thats why i fuck with you homie...
Sweet lunch at Bang Bang with and ! great seeing you guys!
“: What do you hate? Me?!” more of a tough love for
Thanks Rob and thank you Coach for the interview
This next hour needs to go by fast
Jamming to makes my work day awesome.
Getting my hairs cut
Thanks for the shout out!! There are a lot of stage directions who love you. Just remember that.
You're the best, bro! Love you too. I'm gonna miss you so much when you leave.
Loved the opening set by These United States...
Farewell, Cleveland...
No I havent i was going to but there was an accident and i couldn't make it to London but I hope I can go there someday
#ruby developers, I've got a cool product for you to work on, that especially resonates with coding community. Contact me
good luck today!
The world has lost one of it's greatest treasures and a modern visionary. Rest in peace, SJ. www.apple.com/stevejobs/
I want yogurt (y) yuuummm <3
#signofthetimes Popular MLB teams(Yankees,BoSox,Dodgers,Cardinals)have more fans at away games then small market home teams
They're calling the penalty "checking from behind." I've only heard that called in Pee Wee hockey, I thought it was boarding in the NHL.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
OMG JUST STOP. YOUR SPAMMING MY INTERACTIONS.
That's why I am extremely careful about which apps I give control to my Twitter account. I've revoked access from almost all.
Thanks! You too!
Give your heart a break ❤
its okay it was me
Stunned by the loss of Andrew Breitbart. Condolences to family, friends. Huge loss for all.
I am ALWAYS there for Saving Earth..Lets Unite!!!! Our Mother Planet needs us!
Debutante Gloves are now available at www.lacrasiagloves.com Look your best....
Who's up for trying some of our Yummy Medicated Carmel Corn at #HempCon?
Ice cream sounds so good right now.
CJ wants to know why is he wearing his dads hat?
Ohh man, looks like I'm having pancakes for lunch.. this looks too good to wait until morning for :)
Anytime. We're picking up great info from your tweets
Have you seen Esh ride a bike? Scary. Your twin instincts were right! I was at the museum of Science&Ind - WITHOUT you! sry
congratulations on all your accomplishments hope u enjoyed thanksgiving who do you run for?
Oh my gosh I think it might rain! Hot dog!
Welcome to Arrae Creative. We're here to change the world. What are you here to do?
Lol with Ryan on my way to Bellevue. slightly tipsy.
Christmas wouldn't be the same without...
RT - #10thingsidrelive I went to a Miami dolphins game with my dad and uncle and had alot of fun
Breaking news: New "Avengers" movie on track to make 8 zillion dollars opening weekend.
thanks big man do me a favor follow back
updates and pictures
Thanks for your interest! I will look into it and see what I can do about a video :)
crying my eyes out knowing how worthless i am to everyone..
There is traffic on the Willy B bridge every weekend. Yo! MTA keep the damn L running till at least 11pm.
Beautiful Alasia! Thanks for sharing the evening with all the RED RIBBON MODELS and last night
thanks...I didn't know you went there. Cool. You could speak about chewy pleasures!
Although if my subconscious comes up with a story about Ewoks in this universe, I'm punching it.
Not stadium sanctioned. Just between friends to keep it interesting!
Guy: SUCK IT! Girl: Sorry, small objects are a choking hazard.
MY COMPUTER WON'T WORK & I WANNA CHECK THE #1GIRL TOUR TICKETS .__.
That`s very nice! Thank you & Happy Birthday!
and I will both be there! Can't wait!
Strong feelings about federation of SAA and the regionals #saa11 606 Thought about it?
Pardon me....welcome my parents are finally on twitter! Scary..
Pau Gasol? What, is he too good for the "l?"
Got back home from an evening #P90X plyometrics workout.
Going to see about a job, 'cuz I'm industrious like that.
When you wonder about something 24/7 and then it finally clicks
Working hard on the UNAI film!
it just took me four tries to spell that last one correctly
Ima Give ya enough credit to go around girl :) your real pretty too ;)
Stealin' a break when I can....
Kevin Durant 37min. LaMarcus Aldridge 10min. K.D. is great, but Scott Brooks is like a grade school coach playing his son.
I'm single again , back on the prowl , I thought it was perfect , I don't know how
Awesome playoff games this wknd featuring 5 SB MVPs: Brees, E. Manning, Brady, Rodgers, and of course, our own Ray Lewis...
whats good fam. looking for sponsors for my new radio show at Howard U. Get wit me
hey man
Here's why FB/suicide stuff is so complex: NFL players 52% more likely to die of coronary issues than gen. population. Do we care as much?
Father's Day will be here before you know it! Stop in to pick up a Copper Kettle Gift card or make an appointment!
sweet man we'll look into all of those. Thanks!
and now you're #1 on my list of favorite people, congratulations. I'm proud of you! *tears in eyes*
Im not going to do anything w/ the play. Its going to do something w/ me.
Still havin' a little trouble with the whole "hearing" thing
nothing. Use the money you would spend & donate it to a charity that means something to both of you.
Thinking of returning
Daryl...thank you so much. I have to keep encouraging others.
almost got it...well, part of that one part of the part I like..
Twitter loves, how do I best utilize my new(ish) LinkedIn account? Do you fellow LinkedIn-ers like it?
I sent you a DM, you should be able to reply to it. Also if you type cap D space than person u r sending message to.
Saw #HAIR in college and was bored by it. Saw #HAIR over the weekend and loved it. I'm either getting old or getting cultured. Either is ok.
well, if i decide not to go to the village, i'll join you.. yes, i'm inviting myself :)
Chiropractors do work!
Gotta live a recipe that calls for "one quarter-cup olive oil, or more, as needed."
u black with marilyn manson posters on yo wall
If all you ever do is the best you can well then you did it man
has a rainbow penis
he saw a video the once mad woman had made of herself interrogating a makeshift lover.
How was everyone's new year? Whose excited to hear music from us in 2012!!?!?!?
I mentioned comics earlier. The sad thing is, even though I bought them today, I can't touch em til tomorrow...
If happy ever after did exist.........
Thanks for the follow back. Since you like #scifi, I hope you'll check out my stories and let me know what you think
omg seriously! omg airports are like my worst nightmare omfg
Is trying not to blow it.
Free lobster enchiladas in the back of the Granada, hurry!
You're welcome! I've left you one on the guest post too.
May your pockets be heavy and your heart be light, May good luck pursue you each morning and night. ~Irish Blessing
holy shit how do i respond to that
I actually love playing the other side on a grammer debate. Fun stuff.
I'm officially done with my first semester of #college! AND I #graduate from #highschool tonight! Its been a #great and #bittersweet day!!
Wide awake now
FEAR NOT. Atmospheric mayhem is VUNDAFUL. Just enjoy the chaos and take solace in knowing God is in control.
Congrats for your climb in the polls! Although this is NOT getting you out of the mansion grass cuttin' duties
We're in Tahoe!
thanks for the RT!
GET LOUD BOSTON!!!
ur from Michigan??? Me too ! No wonder I like you so much. Fun 2 c u !
did they ever announce who/when the regional championships will be broadcast? Regards.
I'm pretty sure I got enough right to get an A in the class :) it was just an intro class and just 50 multiple choice q's
Also hoping to find a couple other guys to add to next years XC team. Have commitments from 5 guys thus far and working on a couple more
RT “: 1st election w/photo ID required & it seems to have run well. Proof that voter suppression still works.”
Lots of great work to be done with Gaipa's "new tools for discovery" using MJP.
I think you have the wrong Erin.
oh I was. Even ran into tonight. RT “: Thanks, Seth. I figured u would be out and about tonight”
*SNEEZE* sorry, im allergic to bullshit.... :)
i can take u somewhere real far mentally 😚💨🍃…jk
Well that final was shit
Another 3 day weekend for the market to stock pile cash. Now the rally to deploy the loot. $GS over 100 again. Get the short trigger ready
I'm so pumped to be going to Notre Dame for basketball camp this year! Maybe I'll see
why you all up on my twitter.? (;
If #Romney wraps up the nomination by South Carolina then this be the most anti-climatic (and boring) primaries ever.
might be a toss up!
I LIKE BOTH IDEAS.
Thank you for all of the retweets cheers to healthy vision!
Arguing over Facebook is the special Olympics, even if you win you're retarded.
One day I was late for school and I forgot I had an exam that morning, my teacher wouldn't let me sit my exam so I told him my bus got bo...
My feet are killing me!!!!
OMG! What? When? OMG!!!!!! I am beyond excited for you and a little jealous but in a good way :)
Is it considered day drinking if it's the weekend?
Productivity Mode ON!!!!!
Rematch in June!!!!!
C J Watson is trash!!!
sittin here in my boxer thinkin wtf should i do today i know il jack it all day and see how many times i can nut oh theres 1
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know
Getting my groove on w
Lisa visits her dream school after she worries about turning out like Marge on tonight's episode of The Simpsons at 5!
Wow you guys, potentially a big night for the Butterscotch Stallion!
RT : Tonighy is Ladies Night at Z-Two!! Ladies drink FREE 9-11pm! Live entertainment 8-12am (Stop by & see our work here too!)
Why do we need another show that talks about Howard? How about more live shows from him?
How is the tour going? Im still talking about your concert in Kentucky at the Yum Center. also attended Home Again tour 97. GOOD TIMES :-)
ahhaah , im done.
White House and Gen Y Fund Place Hope in Young Entrepreneurs
What scary is a dark room. With a closet jus open.
Unreal, just bumped in to Jeremy Sole! ♥
knock on wood, in a month or so
YES! I knew saying "No" to Julia Roberts was a good decision.
Baby High? I clicked on it thinking (hoping?) somebody had video of a baby smoking kush. I just kept thinking "please don't be black!"
Oh those clove cigarettes. And the heat. Happy trails!
RT : Nothing will improve a person's hearing more than sincere praise.
George Gervin? No kids...that Ja'Vale McGee....with the finger roll.
I followed admiral bieber
Yolo can't save you now
Haha, that's a wise move. Thanks! I was glad to find you here as well. :)
#hth2012 Alford: now up to talk about the US Civil War
one of the greatest bands of all time! In my opinion :)
Even I don't get those spam bots. Maybe it's because I work for The Empire in secret.
Productivity is word for the day. Bathroom has already been scrubbed!
All I wanna do is bass
RT If we get rid of throwing at batsmen what will be next? Blacks in the game? Traditions must be upheld!
What is SEP IRA? A SEP IRA is a type of traditional IRA for self-employed individuals or small business owners. (SEP stands for...
Thank you!
Hotel must scrap menu for my #foodallergy: minestrone, caesar, tomato salad, chicken parm, pasta w/alfredo, tiramisu and cheesecake. EEk.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were. - Cherie Carter-Scott
#factaboutme I loose things really easily.....where did my iPod go?
follow me whore
!?week fashion figured full jersey new as thing a such there's
Wow.. Whitney Houston news is taking off like a rocket. The heart disease was a bit unexpected.
haha :) that's cool, later on at night I'm going to a party
MyCity promo girls are giving out lots of FREE brand swag this weekend at our product promotions, stay tuned for times and locations!
what's the diff btwn RT and replying, how do I RT but add something to it... quote it?
Alshire commends court for process, suggests #atxcouncil was not as transparent
Tourette's, or an outburst of indignation?
It was amazing. I have a lot of memories out there... We won too! (& again tonight!)
It's a good thing... It's a talk we all need to have
Was it like regular dinner or breakfast for dinner
before Chandler? Yes!
I'm here getting ready to go to sleep haha
Wouldn't that start to get stale after 4 years or so?
Yeah, but are we in the business of making Tebow successful or making the Broncos successful?
Momma ducks + baby chicks while out on my walk this morning ...
what a treat - Marlen Scardamalia talking about knowledge generation
gotta cut georgia a little slack tonight; trey thompkins was out with a bum ankle
I sure need to tweet more...maybe when vacation starts..,tomorrow!!
What's up with this rain
Why I keep falling for the same bullshit, I'll never know. I wish I'd never been born.
Absolutely. RT We gotta live together before we get married. PERIOD.
Tune-in to Hot 1035 right now to soundtrack this gorgeous Sunday with ME!
got you on the followback - thanks!
Thanks - got fuel. All set. Shell on Northern and Falls is working.
95% chance notary bill is dead!
Working on the new website! About to go beta. Watch out!
Hallmark Card: Happy Birthday! You look great for your age
How many of you have made amends with someone recently? If you haven't is there anyone that you would like to with?
$30 for single player and DLC, and $30 for MP and DLC. fair?
at school...wicked tired! I can't wait to get home. Cederdale tomorrow... about 3.5 days left of school then vaca!!! YAAY!!! :)
I am doing the exact same thing! Just enjoying my family, the beautiful weather, and this wonderful day!
STL BLUES.....WA :-( maybe next year boys! Fantastic season! Way to go Kings!
how was my movie?
Updated #EMS #BLS Maryland protocols? Boom.
unless of course you have them in your bracket which I can't claim!
:Hey, Guys! Randy Savage was a great guy, and at times, he was good for a laugh. He was one of the best. Remember....
Four white men from St Louis just stopped me and prayed for me on Michigan Ave! WOW... I am humbled!
YES! Haha and your dad and grandpa was there! Embarrassing ☺
What a day! And more tomorrow!
Miss Sign-In-With-Ill-Grace-When-Reminded is in today. Co-worker in storytime room yelling at someone on the phone. I need a vacation.
Volunteer w/ them, but reach out to Darrian Mack if you want to link with TGI...dm if you need contact info
I am #interested to see how Tony Soprano does with #myJets. He might work, he might not.
Driving through Cambria, CA along the coast. Very scenic.
Star wars and beastie boys all day. May the fourth be with u.
Please follow me!
This child of mine is doing the most smh
Very quiet in our building today, just us and the skeleton crew at the radio stations upstairs.
Great to see you too, thanks for coming out!
2 da NFL:It really isn't very smart 2 be so greedy!People adore their illusions.If u go 2 far they will push back&u will accept loss 4 now.
well not really but its a step in the right direction
And here comes the one night of the year when browns fans are actually happy about football!
Can't wait for older cuzzo's birthday party! 8D Too bad I'll miss tonight's hockey game but whatever :)
Happy Birthday to one of Baltimore's finest #JoeFlacco !
If you got an icon of your body and not your face, I automatically think you're ugly.
Actors Bootcamp was a hUGE success! Many thanks to all of the guest instructors who shared there expertise today! !
Sad, Dick Clark is gone. #Dick Clark
Ahah, I actually think it's worth writing home about. That's why I'm writing it :D
Saw your short "Plastered," freaking hilarious! Best film at the Alameda festival hands down (or up).
20 years from now, imagine dolphins that grew up on iPads.
"rejectionist orthodoxy and rigid opposition" pretty much sums up the modern day Republican Party, sadly.
I don't think they were a favorite. Just saying that he did mentioned them when talking to me earlier this summer.
75% of readers come to the site specifically to find something cool to share. - at
Did you say something after 'bulging?' Oh wait, never mind.
Feel asleep before 8pm last night! Boy I sure needed that after 2 workouts yesterday! Feel so rested, refreshed & ready 2 change the world!
happy mothers day.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 10
Mikael: A valid use case for Dublin Core, still today: as "mapping target"
haha you had me going there for a sec(;
New York Giants 1/2 ′ ‘ny ’ Pendant – 10KT Gold Jewelry
thanks for your support!
If monday was a person, I'd slap it.
#ff right back at you both! xx
Couldn't agree more. Knowing when to shut up is a tough lesson to learn but an important one.
looks like its time for you to make your way down to Milwaukee
You can't stop progress.
did you get info you wanted? avoid appraisers who offer to buy your coins. Going to my first appraisal for old coins...
Episode One, Season Four. #SATC halfway through, not including the two movies.
Life is good.
Happy 20th anniversary #BuyNothingDay. You had me at hello.
wow. I never even knew other web-based document editing existed outside google-docs
I have nipples greg. Could you milk me?
Asking for help is not a weakness.
Just put my deposited down and singed my lease on my apartment ..,!!!!!
When I go to retweet someone and their tweets are protected -____-
you look great!!! And you get your caffeine fix life is good.
LOL omg , my mom dancing in my room. #Weirdo #PleaseGetOutOfMyRoom !
Just starting a fabulous day! :) I will be doing complimentary health screenings today @ Golf Fest Northwest from 6pm-8pm. Come on by!
thanks for the follow
can't wait for the basketball
Zuzanna - come on down to the tech cave!
why is 2 chainz trending....artist like him are who gives hip hop a bad name.
We're playing at the blue room on Alexander street in Rochester tonight starting at 9. Come join us. $5 cover
I've got 2 new tracks out, have you heard them?
i like how everyone on Twitter thinks their a relationship expert. -__-
A comfort zone is neither good nor bad. You just need to notice when it has stopped serving you. -Brenda Anderson, Playing the Quantum Field
Thanks! I'm going to see her speak in April -- excited about that.
true, yours was real, but just reminded me of a couple words I absolutely hate to hear
I could've told Mom how a guy almost stole my iPod, but that would've launched the "You never should've moved to NYC" speech.
Did you want a Mac or Windows version of CS 5.5?
“: Joe jonas is annoying me to no end he's not the least bit funny to me” THIS.
sometimes I wanna sleep for a whole year , just to miss out on all the bullshit.
we need a song together brother! Love yah production! Bless up
Then why can't I even get an interview with my military exp? Have 2 support my mom who lost her job because of ur CB laws
Trust is like glass; Once its broken, it will never be the same again...
Hey #Flyers, thought you didn't like it when teams play the 1-3-1....
Sweet love by = instruction guide on how to have GOOD sex 👌
Cool. I expect regular Pike visits from u! We will have an extra bottle of Jack on hand now!
Perfect evening so far. Singing, cooking, dancing with the lady! Craving some right now to make the night even better!
not feel so good :(
Well obviously because you called me retarded and such, but that makes me laugh more
We just MC Escher-ed this parking garage.
hahahaha. that's gotta be a sight...
I haven't been on in a while. WHADDUP GUISE.
Let me work something out then!
omyword haha you two! I can see you two talking about this Monday and bugging me lol. And its HANNAH. not Helen!!
as much as i love Nina...the live Donny version. whew!
U did a good Job with the tribute 2 Whitney but as said it ws hard 2 watch. Whitney that song belongs 2 u 4 all time
Me gots to stay inside today where its safe or I will just #burn #baby #burn! #Chi...#2hot2handle!
Aww, I love her so. She'll just move on to bigger & better things.
where r u from?
follow me on Twitter and I'll Follow you [:
I always wanted a photo of that sign. Very sad.
Following up forthwith. Thanks.
Stegosaurus. That was easy to hear in her voice.
Peter Pan
Haha! I hope your invisible cat survives!
Thanks for the follows!
Time for some chocolate milk.
Congrats to my hubby Bob who finished the San Antonio Rock n Roll 1/2 Marathon with a time of 1:46:05!! Not bad for a soon to be 58 yr old!!
What's your Facebook link?
There will always be thousands of people to tell you it can't be done.
I havent disappeared! Im still here.
Where can I see screenshots of your sdk in action? (other than the one on the front page?)
My room is such a mess I can't even find my bed  Who wants to come over and help me find my bed !  LMAO , that sounds so wrong 
Apparently our pentagraph is inverted & we're waiting 4 the "super techs" to show up to hopefully fix it. Srsly that's what announcer said
Private party in Blue Bar tonight. Don't worry, though - we've got you covered. Please join us for Happy Hour in our main bar.
I got this too. Clueless.
The legacy of Pietism is that it is a disposition rather than a movement.-- Scot McKnight
Who else is happy the weekend is almost here? Anyone?
Masters baby
Need address 2 send shirt... REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Congrats to Bryson for winning the Boots Williams Award and a $1,000 scholarship! Couldn't be more proud of my big brother! I love you<3
um, no. ;) Are you? Would love to see you if you are.
People getting in fist fights over Modern Warefare 3...
who are you to wave your finger, you must have been #high ... Only 5 more days and I'll be rocking out to
Testing out a hash
ya because a real man isnt afraid to show his soft side! lol
man. That cow ain't gotta dick tho!
Are you in the line? Just got my badge, I'll find you and say hi!
whats up man! lookin forward to the jam. got ur message ill start to get on the FB and take care of the other thing np
thanks :) hope I make it
Anyone else ever wake up ready to lift your iron heel & spin Ezekiel's wheel (i.e. listening to too much Woven Hand)? Me TOO.
It seems a bit backwards that a hurricane is going to hit New York while I am in Miami...
Zendesk is out and SupportPress is in! Thanks !
I'm high on life.
Rocking out to find me a man
The time is near y wait come join now save Big!!!
"He's cute" "Only with a hat on. He takes it off and he's ugly" "A hat? Do you mean a mask?"
tried to audition for the x factor online but the servers have crashed. damn, everybodys tryin to audition for britney
Oh 7am...you were just too early this morning. Try again tomorrow.
Lazy day on the couch...
guys....i just died laughing with hahaha
So I'm going to UTSA...
RT : You may have missed my earlier tweet: 10 Google Algorithm changes that could effect you:...
I wonder if she even suspects she's crazy.
heaven's gate? Please...
omg yes yes :))
will do! Thx!
that's code for don't bother me housekeeping is coming
Hey #Memphis people. I am playing a show this Friday night with my buddy and the band Nature Boy Explorer (2185 Monroe-Free-7pm)
i dont feel so good... :O
white people dont know much about hip hop
you're sick....
thanks! and congrats on 48k! :) xx
you need to know that all #Mahomies ar OH SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!!! we love what you do for us,hope you have a nice career :D
I know you bad, but I want you bad.
Hm. Just thought it will be interesting with Crosby and Giroux playing in Sochi in 2014.
Grand Opening January 9th! RT and spread the news
By Love and Art Scarred is an independent film about an aspiring filmaker's journey to make her dreams come true. Stay tuned for details!
This wednesday coming up is the 1st Wednesday so it's time for #TheTeachersLounge a Teachers appreciation #HappyHour #teachers RT RT
I just want to wake up, and this all go away. )':
Nervous about the audition on Monday. Hope I can make it there.
and my stubbornness is reverse, I do it even when I know DAMN well I shouldn't! My damn pride always wins..
has introduced Grand Cayon rafting trips
My most defiant of my 3 boys (now 4yo) gave me the hardest time; he didn't respond to time-outs well either.
Thanks. I thought it was good but an hour too long.
time of sleep @*
I bet'cha anything the fifty cent pollo buffalo chicken rollers from 7/11 will give you the squittles.
"Whovian" All Doctor Who fans must be marked, get that shirt that says it all, Nov. 6th by for 24 hours only!
Meeting some Directors of other Pets for Vets chapters tonight for dinner! Did you know we have chapters nationwide?
CraVing to watch some #MED where have you been
You can now follow Emily G from KISS! here-
Much thanks, Mando!
You can take my heart if yours won't beat, we're forever unstoppable<3
I try to! but unfortunately "concise" isn't in my vocabulary. I should probably revisit all this with a glass of wine. ;*
My neighbor's last name is Hooker. Ahahaha And he is a hooker lol.
will be at Kenedees to SAVE ERICH tonight. all proceeds go to medical bills that no uninsured person can afford.
I can vouch for him. He's the coolest.
I swear, as soon as your EX sees you smiling, being happy with someone new... that's when they want you back.
good my man.
ITB syndrome surgery, really?Ridiculous! This responds well to conservative therapy. Don't let anyone cut your ITB, it's there for a reason.
I'm going ta bed fuck this shit I'm too old
we check tweets in between holes...
RIP #Hitchens. You were one of the greats!!!
good shit! Keep it up, dude! :) keep us posted with updates, we'll spread the word.
So you just assume that Im talking about them.even though they are being nice and congratulating me?im not talking about them
Obama couldn't beat a ham sandwich in WV in November. But VA, IN, NC, NV, CO, NM, OH... Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!
lmaoo yo I saw a pigeon today and thought about you callin em rats with wings lol
In radio, don't you have to? :)
Fun Fact about me: I *love* V8 juice. I could drink a gallon per day, easy.
I don't know you at all, but you are cracking me up...
I better be seeing you tomorrow sam!!
just got back from buying 's new CD: My World 2.0 (: i love it already
check your dm bro...
awesome! That will do my health some good!
Great walkoff! RT : #Brewers win 5-4 over the #Dodgers! See you tomorrow for Game 2 of the Series!
the one on the site is the Nomad. Available in June. Amazing shoe.
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected
We are almost underway in this NCAA Tournament game between the and New Mexico University.
is it the restriction to conversions only?
Really want to buy today's groupon but 400 people trying a boot camp class in 6 months might get kinda crowded...
If this guy don't stop trying to impress with his ugly little scooter -__-
I woke up and its dark everywhere, cool.
Just received some spam promising me big savings on a forklift. I wonder if I can use this as a bargaining chip with my usual forklift guy..
having a little study session this evening for tomorrow!
haha also good choices. (If homework is a choice?) Good luck to you, too!
I went to Drake University but my heart belongs to and . But there are cute bdogs at #bulldogcontest in Iowa today
Great. Thank you.
right on man!
2 hours of ballroom last night ~ loved it! Waltz, tango, samba and cha cha, followed by a burlesque show at the Rendezvous.
Yea I love you but im not about to kiss yo azz.. that nigga died when you played me
Same problem at our house with Jolly Rancher jelly beans. I don't even like jelly beans.
In Denver for Homewatch CareGivers Conference! Celebrating 30 years of care!
Hi and thanks for that great mention and recommendation! Enjoy the holiday weekend!
that's awesome of you. We'll be sure to tweet about it as soon as its out. Thanks for supporting us!
Which we need to have more of in
you've been to the dentist a lot lately, haven't you! (;;
Take Dat Wit Chew!!!!!
Bravo to New York magazine for the most pristine print views I've seen on a website in ages! You've reset the standard.
Congrats! So excited for you and Dan. But you're not in the same 'hood' anymore lol. Must see you soon.
yay! looking forward to it!
I'm gonna go get some spaghetti.
“: what's your contact info”
ha you can see how often I'm on!
Getting ready to start studying all day, yaaaaaay.
We may have another #ncscifest blog post this week, from our military archivist this time. I may write 1 also re. #WWI technology.
AT&T DriveMode aims to curb texting while driving | Ubergizmo
Not always true!
I absolutely want to come flying with you guys!
You're a chode. LASER'S saved my life.
I can do shameless too, And this one goes out to you. I can do shameless too, They waited all night for you.
Love you more.
Of course the only Chinese in the room is playing the violin
Great shoot today with USA Triple Jumper at the #olympic training center. I have no doubt we'll see him in
Up ! No way ima go back to sleep
The freAks were OUT last night. You can't be that creepy on a Tuesday. You also can't get past my boys.
slept like babies
If lightning strikes my dog, my chance of winning the lottery goes way up right?
Thank YOU for tweeting about Frances! You know who to call when u want more YUMYUMYUM!
Last night in Vegas! What should we do?
There are a hell of a lot of beef people really ticked off right about now.. I'll take my steak any night.
whoever prayed for snow, please stop.
My eyes won't stop watering and I can't go back to sleep
Follow us on Facebook and recieve $150 bucks off your next purchase with follow us on twitter
How are ya?
Another picture perfect day
u around this weekend? RO friday??
“: CRAVING SOME PIZZA”me too
Haha ok. I was gonna say, you didnt fit the description of the matt in the article.
Heading to the set of "Diary of a Teenage Nobody" Really excited!
This will polarize the election for sure. Your thoughts? "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama”
bro it was like 15 second fight so not really a winner but bet they fight again! Then we shall see!!
Joe Flacco doesn't scare me.
RT "Nobody's perfect." - Nobody's mother
Ok, we need one more follower to reach 700...
they would have my momma working on Mother's Day. she said she dnt care cuhz $$$ coming her way
thank you Ted. Hope all is well.
If these FL lawyers will Autism bully & abuse a disabled person with Autism to "win" a case, they will do it to your kids too when u r gone
Our week in Shelter Island: when we ate the entire cast of Finding Nemo.
5. Pull feedback from peers and those around you as often as possible.
hey guys goodnight twitbabes and my pryers go to shes in a coma and i hope she wakes up soon god bless her goodnight :**(**
RT Fresh Prince theme song just came on my pandora channel>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
had skating for like 4 hours so tierd
roids r only going to let u hit a ball 15 to 20 ft further, u can do the same by using pain meds. everyday.
It'd be an absolutely priceless moment if i could see right now!!!
10 years ago I thought the world was coming to an end. Roads were blocked, I was drinking at a local bar, and hoping for sex from an ex.
Why is the sun so bright while I'm trying to sleep?
I was on the #FuckSwag hype as soon as beiber started saying it.
1955- the #Salk vaccine for #Polio made available to the public.
You go girl!!!! :) you can hear her on the radio lol:)
Mary J Blige did her thing opening at
Finally off work, and jus sitting here thinking if he still thinks abt me like I think abt him??? Good Morning tweeps, lets make today count
Thanks for the love!
Welcome silver sponsor ..American Drum Horse Association!
I'm a panelist tonight at an #AT1 event in Winston-Salem. I'll be talking about #JDRFRidetoCure 2012.
i think not budd !
#NP Trey Songz - Top of the World💜
I and the cake made it in one price! :) now to get out of the city and to the barn to play w/ horses & teach a lesson.
good beautiful day can't ask for too much more right now
We're fantastic, mostly because it's past noon which means...we're past the hump of hump day! Here comes the weekend!
Lin for sure... Cuz he's Asian
How about applying stickum at halftime to packers receivers?
God don't like ugly.
okay, so you gave me a shout out and I cried this is officially the best day of my life :3
THE HARD RHYMER!!!!!!!! Yo chuck and flavor flav got matching tats.
that looks like awesome fun dude!!
I also wish I understood my I freeze up when people want to test my skills. Maybe I just suck at it? No... I am good at what I do.
Watching dance moms makes me wish I was a better dancer
' Up watching bad girls . . . thinking of a master plan!!
Woot!! RT : Got to be worth at least $500. :) That's a lot of work!
I wanna be home already !
Congratulation to Gary Suter & Chris Chelios in getting inducted to the USA Hockey Hall of Fame.
there's an opossum in the tree outside our house...if this is a sign/symbol/omen for #2012 , what does it mean?!?
That ain't nothing new girl.
John Tesh lives in your town?
My reply to "I'm doing my ish over here. U do ur ish over there." Apparently the wrong response.
i think i had too much sleep 0_0 or meehhbeee its the caffeine
thanks so much for the tweet, christopher!
You can combine that with some chocolate wine for a Reece's cocktail.
renamed one of my blogs...maybe i'll change it again...idk lol
Well, this is awkward.
as opposed to another kind of orgy?
I miss you
Brandon at Subway: "I'll do a 12inch Italian." Me "yeah you will" Brandon "I heard that"
u were 1 pt away from victory again, but you still LOST again lol, try back again tomorrow. thx for playing...
Can't wait to post the review!
What do you call it when a doctor records the wrong blood type? Blood Type-O!
Saw a job desc calling for a candidate with a "solid grasp of Python." Picturing a Conan the barbarian type, wrestling giant snakes.
District 9 is an awesome movie. Thoughts?
4 Stages of Periodontal Disease-Stage 2 Bleeding on probingTartar-Mineralization of plaque-Bad Breath-Volatile Sulphur Compounds (VSC)
Why do you smell like bactine??
“: Go Steelers *waiving terrible towel*” Love it!! Myron Cope's giving you Props right now!
Amber Rose On Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber And Kanye West Summary: GlobalGrind caught up with hip-hop fly girl, model, designer, actre
<<< injuries are frustrating
The Biafra war in Nigeria was the birth of Doctors Without Borders. French doctors split from the Red Cross in protest of ICRC 'neutrality"
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💜
Happy birthday
We're still tweeting the very best deals, only now we're doing it at Come see for your self!
Good run outside and then super easy Romano chicken and veggies...recipe tomorrow on blog...
I much prefer blogger. Less hassle. Can use custom domain without paying extra.
you coming up on 2000 I better get it
Thanks for sharing about what's going on in your district!
Are you testing us, Rick Rac? What do I get for winning- i'll share it with !
The future of tennis: Game, set and number-crunch?
What is Andy short for?
I'm selling this years time share.Its a week at the beautiful Hacienda Del Mar in Cabos for $1000. www.mwishartpi.com.
Jordan says the district did not want actions to be viewed as retaliation for cooperating with the federal govt.
What a day
Heading back to #TempleU today. Ready to nail down my #dissertation !!!
we couldn't find any kosher for passover liver. Boo!!!
My head aches, but I had a good day. Saw some people I hadn't seen in awhile and had a fun picnic lunch!
at home getting ready to watch the game the show
Headed to the Go-Gos concert with ... just call us Romy and Michelle.
I know it's best without solvents #rizeup 🔥
Haha hurt myself texting lol! Just my fucking luck today.
Really? Our trash service is one of the highest rated city services...
me and jayden are going on the 18th for Matthews first Bday :)
they are pure evil
In Salt Lake checking out the Wasatch mountains & chillin at a funky internet cafe...waiting for happy hour followed by Mona Gras.
Oh yes. Yes it is.
Nascar in Vegas in a couple weeks, might be time to get my redneck on
Thought he might go ahead and pull the trigger with Duke, but probably a smart move.
The nearest supermarket to this neighborhood is 4 miles away. The hospital is doing a great thing with this Market, and HEP wants to help!
I think he would too. RT : I'd bet he'd pay 30% if asked to
#BeforeIkickthebucket my own office would be nice to.
Night love
Life is like riding a bicycle. If you look at the potholes you will hit them. Look where you want to go and you will steer clear.
Shut the fuckk upp! Your annoying as hell!
I miss you too!!!
Loves that moment when you almost get killed
Good morning :). #Goodmood!
Just spent 400$
Some guys #fuck guys get over it !!
I think my puppy is tired and yet my mind is still overwhelmed by what I learned at
Now watching "Strange Culture" w/Steve Kurtz artist who used genetically modified bacteria/food to make art & a statement about it's danger
In this world where nothing else is true, here I am still tangled up in you.
Wow! you actually think i care..
I definitely should NOT have "liked" Whataburger on facebook because now all their food is just rubbed in my face and I can't have any!!!
Plus kids can't eat a garbage plate till at least 10.
Here's the deal. If we lose today, the race for Luck is on.
Oh! I have a picture to text you! :P
Former President + #Nobel laureate Gorbachev: "Our generation will step aside 1 day, our task is to hand over the task of peace to next gen"
RT Very true! We can't wait to stock up
s/o now followin u thx bro.
Watch out Steven Spielberg. I'm about to write a screen play for an office comedy. Wedding Crashers better watch out too. Creativeness!
I'll definitely try! The schedule is a fickle harpy.
heading there to buy 7l/eso, lif, porn theatre ushers records only to realize those dudes were up in there on the daily!
"Choose life...take the points..." OR is this just more ANTI-SCOTCH bigotry from me?
The awkward moment when a midget tries to use a yo-yo.
OK, so I used it right. But maybe shouldn't have hyphenated. Thanks.
Watching Six Feet Under was like curling up with a really well-written blanket of depression and weeping.
Ever since I got my hair cut I frequently feel a "phantom ponytail"
2011.07.05 #Diamondbacks 7 #Brewers 3 | Slumping Crew suffers / consecutive home losses / sinks down to third place
Can't wait for my go-see in NY tomorrow, and Atlanta seminar on 12/3. Just learned my TV spot is national, so please call me Dr. Marcus!!
When will an ice cream company make a cheese flavor? Same family and delicious combos to explore. Gouda and Strawberry! NO!?
People will hate you, rate you, shake you and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you. ~ anonymous
I didn't even notice. Rock on! RT : I wonder if laughs at me while I jam out at my desk.
no we are taking on all the best talent from all over and let them shine on this new TV show so you're OK to rep for Spain
what ru up to
Identify business objectives, seek well-aligned property/athlete and develop INTEGRATED activation plan.
You mean you haven't mastered the present perfect subjunctive pronoun indicative preterite command form? That sucks.
eh ill have to see lol did you go to yours?
I want to marry the janitor. Period, end of story.
Still at it like its day one
that's good!
The groundswell of support for Saturday Mail begins RT: I'm in!
"Rectangles with rounded corners are everywhere!"
They can also review Tweriod.
Not for nothing this nigga here is fucked up
“women’s music as a site for the generation of critical theory by black women”
LET'S BOWL w/ GRCH 07/15/10. Lucky Strike Bowling. And silent auction w/ autographed guitars by FERGIE, KATY PERRY, DUFFY & other items
accomplished day
haha Yes it is!
you don't need a jacket for 80F weather. Sheesh.
Black Friday is the devils work!
Greetings from a brand new Grandmommy!
#Didyouknow that social networks are incredibly important to seniors? Consider this as you enter the #linkAges devchall.
Think that hour wait at Mother's Day brunch is a hassle? Think of the 9 months she waited on you. Much respect to all the moms out there.
glad 2 c ya on twitter!!
Your too #Hood Game Always put out that West Coast Music
Has anyone seen George Phillips? He and Waldo are missing!
for those who worry about unwanted conditions make their own hell and are stuck in it while Heaven lies just overhead watching
I may be a few min late tomorrow because I don't have a DVR. However, the time diff works in our favor.
I miss your cat</3
over how i feel
We are back at it, looking for web and mobile application developers - FT/PT/Subs, iOs experience required. #mlearning,
At least this is the last time we'll have to see FOF commercials.
you getting the groupon for Herald Leader subscription? Haha
I actually like her...people should give her a chance
Photo gig = looking up fake blood makeup recipes and gathering supplies for torches.
Today ain't my fucking day..
#Houston Do you go to the main center at the Islamic Society of Greater Houston or know anyone who does? If so, DM me please! Working story.
I wish for the former but not the latter... ha! :)
I got a contact request but don't remember who it was this morning.
please reply i love u
RT : I'm gonna sound like a douchebag, but I'd love to irrigate your vagina with a scented mixture of vinegar & water.
USC Forensics, 2nd place debate sweepstakes
one of the contestants is in a wheelchair. is ryan murphy just TRYING to recreate his own show?
I dont. But I really want to know what you guys are talking about.. Lmao
U know that 1 person u can count on well think about I they let u down and how u would feel and then retweet
Listening to Big Bang ♥
"From a EIGHTH to a KEY, but u graduate when u make it up outta the streets"
Already?! Better book rehab for the near future ... LOL
Everything I hear revolves around Arian Foster. I'm not fully sold at 1 He is also not part of my fantasy broski team.
I agree.
yeah I know I figured that out
are you going to be in a calendar also?
DIRECTIONERS!!! i'm quite bored right now so to make it fun.....send in a pic of you and i'll ship you with one of the boys :D
I once ate frozen lettuce and it was really gross! - RT ice everything!
Thanks for checking us out! It was awesome meeting you too! Hope to see you soon!?
Can't remember the last time I had a twinkie
I highly recommend "Waiting for Godot" at the Mark Taper Forum (LA). Alan Mandell and Barry McGovern are fantastic as Didi and Gogo!
peyton crying...."i truly have enjoyed being your quarterback." me crying.
If they've gone, they just need to rethink the model and they'll be back. I don't think they'll just lay down
Ha. Debate. I had never heard forensics used to mean debate/public speaking before though.
just walked 2 miles with trampoline now!
Hey guys what's MLB that Adam Lambert is talking about? A TV show?
“: Listening to escape the fate..... Lol”😂
thanks SO much for the RT love!!! xoxox
Note to self: Bruns Academy never has parking
real talk with real men. Ride smooooveee!
Whoever chalked my car did a horrible job
awe, how can you not! :) if i'm not slobbered in kisses or complaining about muddy paws on my pants than my day isn't complete ;)
Ok im about to go ham on this maxx's
hellz to the yea! lemme know ur dates. could use some accompaniment to some shows!
is taking us to church right now @ USC APAA's Life 101 Panel! Shoutout to !
Johnson city honda, johnson city
Saw "Think Like A Man" the other night, and all I could see was all of the obvious product placement for #Heineken products.
At Ted's with friends. Oklahoma at its best.
Do you have any photos you can send us to use on WGN?? THANKS!
interesting. makes sense
At the park waiting for fireworks. It's like closing camp fire!
Raffi Torres better not step foot out of his hotel in Chicago. Dirty dirty dirty mofo
Rain has moved out and our crews are working hard to get us back open. Hope to be open shortly.
oh sweet!! Are you going to come to our Whisky show in the 7th?
Xanax Beer And Chicken
Hi! Setting up my first 401K acct ever, and I have no clue what options are best for me. Can you please advise? Thx!
True that, friend!
I get to watch my lil guy tonight while his momma goes to work. I'm working on how I can start traveling for my work.
It seems like it doesn't it Rick...
getting back on track hardcore. GO
I have it right next to me! when can you meet up?
What degree are you going for?
I run shit here!!!!!!U just live here!!!!!Thats ok......Cause imma burn this muthafucker down.....
RT : #WorldMalariaDay fact via : about 3.3 billion people are at risk of
YOU'VE NEVER EVEN HAD ONE!
I give you my trust so you dont have to earn it but you should cherish it. =)
Follow he has awesome quotes and Your end up with wow ♥ Follow him if you like his tweets..Honestly!
OH MY GOD PHANATIC + 30 ROCK
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Tampa - Clearwater
I'm on this bus...going back to Jacksonville, North Carolina (:
are you goin to psu tomm? Some of us are going up
My fiancee maria and I got pedicures yesterday LOL... insert comment here..............
RT : Discovered semantic API service - it's main advantage over seems multi-language-support. Or is...
Bass and vocals hopefully to be completed today.
something like that....we help consult and promote independent musicians.
sorry just got this! We usually have just about any game that's being played. Just ask if you don't see it!
I just got back from lunch with George Crumb and his daughter (and a few other people). This has been a splendid day.
hey pastor donnie!!! I belong to TLC /Jamie Hawkins is my pastor, we are very happy u are coming worship with us See ya sunday!
I'm following my dreams of singing because of You're awesome, Austin. Retweet?
Spend about 2 hours a day rehabbing
i cold4 w air v him hj on cut and he giggles and peels and then ck folds TT on 9hi today. want to die that im out
there are not many of us out there. #packers #Tigers gotta stuck together fellas!
I used to be an entomologist. My days increasingly filled with Insurance, accounting and collections. Glad I had my stings this am!
when you crack your phone screen<<<
Hoping my boy Bakarri keep his head up threw his lost....
thanks for this tweet that has been RT'd many times today, we appreciate it!
awww thank you! So are you....always remember to keep your head held high<3
Today is our 1 year anniversary <3
no need for talking when we meet actions shall speak for us.
hey can you go follow ?
Don't trip.
lol, that's why our relationship isn't working!
Happy groundhog day to all the groundhogs out there!
3 reasons Ppl reach 4 knowledge-need an answer, something is wrong, something is changing.
I'd like to make a post on hacking SJSU's SLIS program, how can I add to the discussion/blog?
Thanks to for organizing a great #drupal event in #hawaii! Maybe on Molokai next time ;)
Yeah. I did. What of it?!
Control your urges lmao!!
There is 98% boys, 2% girls, & -98653% of chance we'll be best friends.
Don't hate that little girl T_T
Wow congrats! How do you like it so far?
I should have asked for today off -_-
figured about three hours lol.
that's crazy that it says not Hispanic in race catagory! She's black!! That's some offensive shit! Like mex is the only criminal
At blizzard brawl.waukesha county expo
remember we be up all night talking till the morning light? like the way it used to be , just you and me
For every minute of anger, you lose 60 seconds of happiness. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I have Marquette, and Wisconsin in my final four.
im jealous of you guys!!!
"Light Skinned" is BACK! Julian Williams, (my brother) Mark Campbell, and David Walker... Join Ntertania and check it out NOW! It's FREE...
I found m evil twin: a guy named Paul Kevin in Namibia
I'd vote for that hair piece.
My husband opened a twitter account..needs followers.
get to stay late to monitor some equipment in "quall" be done and out in 90 minutes [better be]
My heart goes out to , but looking forward to tonight's game. PROUD season ticket holders! Thanks !
I know, DaDa coz I miss you the same!!! Love ya tons, hubby!!!! ;-)
you win
If I lay here, if I just lay here. Will you lie with me and just forget the world.
Car finance experts Car Loan 4U offers alternative to BMW recall
Intelen's SoftGrid 2.0 innovation stages: measure->build community->behavioral mechs->engage->gamify->incentives->human & building processes
u know im doing the same thing lol
I'd have to be really coked out to bang Pat Sayjak. I'm just sayin...
There must be a special cosmetics line for those people.
Taking in the last minutes of TheVoice...
After playing baseball for three hours then took a hot shower. I'm sleeping good tonight.
exactly how I feel about this place
don't! RT“: I stopped reading emails from because I'm jealous that I can't attend the events.
most definitely. The trio. Fo sho on the dance moves. Choreography a la Frumkin. What what!
It's SNOWING in Dallas! Almost feels like I'm back in Cleveland. Almost.
Take a stand against racism! Join us at the clock tower at 12:30 to form a human chain across Mirror Lake!
Aw!!! So glad you captured that! I'm glad you got to meet her, and I'm sure she would have no problem adopting you! :)
just buy an adaptor
and we posted the shorty info on the elle morgan fans page cuz we luv u <3
go to youtube :) and type in kony 2012 and watch the video thts kinda long but so inspiring, touchin and sad. Watch it :)
Suggs' leadership is really underrated. Keeps locker room loose. A good yin to Lewis/Reeds INTENSE yang. A real bummer. Like the guy a lot.
right on (right on right on) RIGHT ON RIGHT ON
working on some banging new tunes
The USA's FREE CARL LEE CAMPAIGN Celebrates 300+ Followers in 2-Months on TWITTER. Follow Campaign -- Turn the Humans Loose!
Just keepin' it real ya'll....Right here in Tennessee..... ;-)
Great content is, by its very nature, shareable. Simple but true.
#fact RT McCain, Lieberman going to watch Game Change Saturday spooning ice cream straight from carton and having a good cry.
: yays.! =) & yess i know, another reason to why i love that song. :D & yess dance party.! Haha
Clif notes would save my life!
Went to Mexico for a week and was never served salsa once. And every time I asked for a lemon, I got a lime.
“: North Carolina is a state of shitheads.”. In fairness, it's only about 58% shithead. 30th state to lock some good ole bigotry in
wedding crashers - right? I am a FL mediator and I loved that movie - find it dangerous to take myself too seriously..
I had the most amazing week studying with Patsy Rodenburg
I'm doing great, thanks! How's the weather in NZ?
is open for regular bar hours, with light fare until 10pm
yea... You don't really see a lot of horses around where I live..
Thanx to Nightly Standard for having us Sat You guys rocked! Shout out to & for coming out to support
Listening to Too Many Tears-Tupac still sounds fresh&doper than most shit coming out today.
you're in DC during playoff week?
Oh and I'm parked at Bottega Louie guzzling coffee in case any of you are wondering. Thinking I'm going to write Breakfast at Bottega Louie.
enjoying , congressman, tweeting from the platform
I'm curious about parents that are tuned into videogame ratings and #ESRB. Are your gaming kids boys, girls, or both?
you ready for the Ravens Sunday? We haven't forgot you hold the receiving yards record in Baltimore.
Ladies & Gentlemen get ready for the Best Cinco De Mayo Party this Saturday w/ 1st every US appearance!
This entire show looks and sounds like a digital reproduction. Did they tape it in advance?
RT : It behooves (film actors) to join the union (digital). Why would you want to stay in an 18th...
lol you're welcome! Love ya! XO!
Either of you see an internship post from us on medlib-l Friday? got conf email but never saw it.
Anything we can help with?
Slowly falling in love with vinyasa yoga....wears me out and fills me up:)
Need a friend?.. i follow back!! =)
We're following the shooting death of a WA State Trooper during an overnight traffic stop. Suspect still at large. Live coverage on Fox 12.
Store plans in the practical and convenient Planarch trolley
What time is tea-time today? cc:
Too bad is stuck in school because Nike is debuting all of their Olympic gear today.
tebow sucks stop lying to urself
haha with a hint of red! #DET FTW!!!
Digital Talent recruiters are at
What are the FOUR types of income we all should be earning now? Diane shared this earlier today...you're invited to hang out with us at 9:0…
Kiss your girl on the forehead...bet it makes her smile
S/o TO MI SISTER SHE NEED FOLLOWERS
All I have to say is thank the lord for music!
Looking to take my wife out for lunch on our anniversary (Monday) Is Morimoto's as good as they say? (any idea on lunch prices?)
Celtics, 76ers, Nuggets Win in NBA Round-one Playoff Games - Bloomberg
Whats up friend and loved ones lol.. Here watching some tv how about you guys :)
#GiveObamaCreditfor... conserative Hastag Games. He'll take the credit for it anyhow.
Per his travel-team coach, look for Marquette to make a strong push for Onalaska junior Matt Thomas.
So you're basing your "facts" on information that should have never been leaked. a lot of guys should be contacting lawyers
Interfaith Hospitality Network of Colorado Springs helps homeless families with children. Join The $1 Million Facebook Experiment and donate
The "Stand Your Ground" law's sponsor, Fl Rep. Dennis Baxley, said it wasn't written to give people the power to pursue and confront others.
that woman def doesn't look like a gardner :-P
dude, that's awesome. he. :)
haha by forfeit
Typing on the Macbook Air keyboard is a very satisfying feeling and sound.
what week are you in? That's a great workout.
how do we get his single?(:
dug up my mom's old record player, along with over 300 45's,and a bunch of old one hit wonder bands from when gran was young
You don't have an hourglass shaped body, it's more like a gallon of milk.
|#quotes Each Wal-Mart store should reflect the values of its customers and support the vision they hold for their community
Why do people tweet the same note over and over again? I read it the first time.
hey good to see you. Want to do an article about resume writers??
Welcome to facebook. I don't care for it much either but it helps me keep an eye on my girls :)
At party at The Stage. Great venue!
obviously, woof is the expected response;P
In other news, LASIK is the best thing on earth.
See nigga, you just can't give up on chicken nuggets ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
My favorite QR Codes are on Muni for SF State -- They link to a non-mobile website
We heard word that they were going to discontinue the app and focus on better mobile website.
.: "Peter! Peter! It's on fire! It's on fire! All the mountains are burning..."
Come to McClendon class right now
follow me bck bc I followed u earlier
you at the Sabres/Stars game right now?
first time at Sen and Naked Fish in 2+ years living in Vegas?!?
hi could you please say "goodnight Katelyn " to me?!? I love you so much!!! :) <3
Saint Seiya HD Wallpapers - Android Apps
just went on a serious cupcake binger....i made peanut butter frosting..
I"m nearly in NYC :D
No hair gel?!?! Crazy.
haha I'll have to use that soon, haha what's up?
'Information Literacy' first used in 1974
Thanks so much for the RT! Have a great weekend!
Do you have trouble making up your mind? Well, yes or no? We all have days like these and today is that day :)
": When I climax I shout out: "Hail Lord Voldemort!""
I believe u
thanks for the info! I just moved to town so definitely looking to get more involved.
Happy Easter Big Man from your fans in Maine BC Fans as well as PACK Fans GOPACKGO
"They have a great Salmon with Maple Ginger marinade that is simply the best!" - arose on Trip Adviser!
aw we missed u naked at the party =(
I believe that we will win!!! And we did! Go Aztecs!
workin on it
could definitely use testers for the singlet. We get samples next week.
Everything is good with me. I got healed the other day and since then I didnt have head ache. Praise God!!! I will pray for you!
hey u look gud
Cancer survivors walk in Niles (video) - Warren Tribune Chronicle
It was great. I had mexican food for dinner though :-D Miss you!
Ah - poetic license :-)
Um im pretty damn sure tht youre ry but im not sure cuz it says tim
thanks for tuning in! add us on facebook so you can see when we will be in your area
YouTube n ima promo on Here n fb
From LI, NJ to Brooklyn, they are still the Nets, they don't matter in NY. Same garbage DNA as the Jets and Mets.
Does anyone like Mazzy Star? She comes on my Pandora, but always sounds obnoxious... Ok I should stop being bitter.
i hate it when ugly people say "i need my beauty sleep." bitch, you need to hibernate.
yeah, why not? hahaha :D
oh snap. I think you bend them for other reasons
Trying to sleep is so hard right now
Happy birthday to the two most important women in my life my moms and lil sis Deborah & Kameron
Good morning twitter. Time to go work on my day off. Yay me !!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
STAT is in Beast Mode.
You guys line up alphabetically by height.--Bill Peterson
me too, just downloaded tweet deck and saw this
set myself up for that one.
Hey Is the Indiana St. game going to be televised today?
