I think you want
Nice to meet you Alena!
Coachella shooting victim shows up in ER with gunshot wound. - KESQ
From Texas?? I'm 17 just turned it, soo bored right now, text it up. I need new texting buddies, 2104097651 ((:
!!! YES! It's fantastic! Nice job, seriously. I see others are nitpicking already, so I'll leave it alone until it settles ;)
Thinking of a special gift for your mother on mother's day? Why not treat her with a luxury Limousine ride this week with us?
Back to the question from a couple days ago! It was indeed Hawaii! Some people nailed it!
thanks for always caring about your fans I really admire that:D
good morning (: <3
my howling coyote shirt comes in the mail today!
Bo Ryan put a limitation on 7% of D1 schools. Pretty sure Uthoff can find one of the 93% that's a good fit.
Aye FollowBack? Please(;
A Big "HELLO" to some of my beauty faves & Hope all is going well guys! :)
"Heavy Cross" The Gossip, "Love Interruption" Jack White, "Broad Ripple Burning" Margot & the Nuclear So & So's
What stands between us and freedom is a thought, that thought is not real.
i seen you online. looking good bae.
Still learning whjat a hashtag is - nut I'm glad MDA news is knows!. I'll be tweeting from the telethon this year in PHX.
that's great man! How's the training coming along! And nice man! Haha gonna be some good fights bruddah !
thanks for the follow!!! :)
Four Cs #2: CarefuI. A victory at any cost isn't really winning.
finishing touches on white horse tonight .. Getting in gear to shoot this feature - lean budget lean crew
#genomesolver #curenet anne rosenwald from georgetown univ: site is well rec'd and idea of tweeting is too.
I like to point out my flaws because I don't want you to think I don't notice them. I do notice my flaws, and then do nothing to fix them.
eat my persuasion!
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. ~ Tony Robbins
harry is so close to 4 million it's disgusting
Lunch date tomorrow. Don't know what to wear!!!
Friday show: at
Worst part of the drive back to lex is when 107.7 starts to fade out
Happy Birthday!
FOLLOW :))) they are new to twitter :D
Thanks to for the follow and the coupon offer!
the Bangor auditorium?
That half time show was _____________ (adjective or something).
The show #intervention has a crazy impact on life.
I really love Nicki Minaj's new song but I can only understand about five words of it.
g'mornin' Hon!
Thank you to the kids at South County Secondary School who raised $242 for Duncan and Sweetie!
Perhaps the best dinner ever tonight at Purple. I am now a huge fan of wine flights and baked Brie.
Between the moon colony and the open marriage, it's pretty obvious that Newt is a Robert Heinlein fanboy. I bet his PC is named Mycroft.
WHY ARE YOU IN ORCHESTRA #iswearyou'retonedeaf
This is true. The dolls may not always cooperate (with me anyway), but at least they're quiet. ;)
"I was nervous about doubling on my 11." "Y'know when I get nervous? When I get pulled over. Your $15 hand wasn't that serious!"
It's alright though mane !
BRAUN WON HIS APPEAL?! Did I read this right? Oh, so fucking happy right now. Go
RT : RT if you have a crush on one of you followers
Time to die
Friday Night. Burger and a Shake. Late Night Happy Hour at 10 pm.
Currently deciding between an epic journey of magical proportions and falling asleep on the couch....
We're planning Spring Rush. WHO'S EXCITED?
Happy Monday Blue Hens. Today is the last day of free drop/add for Spring
I have an extra ticket to see a horrible popular indie band at some obnoxious college, does anyone want to go with me?!
Well it might be cooling down out there, but things are just as hot in here as always.Just out the oven muffins, croissants,biscuits,& more
Drama king
People can now take politics in their own hands lol
Julia does not feel like herself 2dai
Listening to inmate stories of heartbreak and hope with Cathy, Motown songs looping in the background.
Thank youu!! Hope you got some good vegan buffalo wings (my personal faves)
thank you<3 (': I hope all the boyz can come !!!!!
Kokomo woman finds deals to help needy families
RT : Can we get the truck to show up at #AmericanU?
At gitane loving life.
Heat time baby
2 spots open for the vegan desserts class on Saturday in Oakland. Want to join us?
Yup I would be to one to get swimmers ear but, yet never had it when i Watson the swim team in HS or when I was a lifeguard. Oh well lol
thank you!
It was pouring when u tweeted me. I hope its ok. It still works for now.
What do retired golfers do? They carry the bag.
glad we're all in agreement:) Now where r these cookies??
(c) and since both stayed tonight that probably means they're Gunna be in the top two. I think they count the votes to see who gets in (c)
ms. hood has them
My breakthru and biggest opportunity is coming. I feel it and trust.
the guy in the car next to me is chewing on celery.
The weekend be here! Something needs to be put together. There's faces to be melted!!
Ergo baby carrier reduce price of little one carrier « huangbrook
My faith in men was restored a little tonight. Feeling good about the world. Night all.
That would be Supervisor candidate Shelia Jackson, right? Not Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee.
This is definitely a december to remember. Pffft
with his 2nd TATER in 2 days, GET SOME
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Just revoked my mother's emoticon privileges. There comes a time…
What would it take to call all matches right now? RT : Full-time! Right?
So glad that Acta has put the dynamic duo of rally killers back to back in the lineup. Only seems fitting
I learned of tonight gotta say I'm impressed. Excited for to start.
I never seem to win my fights with the database. PastPerfect, why can't you just be less logical and more whimsical some days? Loosen up.
means alot to have you in my lifee!<3
Mummy? Are you my mummy porn? :-)
Don't have a FB page but love "stalk me on Facebook".. have a great day Steafan!
hello. Let me know more at :www.mynameismahataa.com/ THANK YOU
you should use navigation:-)
Yea, he's prob the biggest Bears fan in the area. The Rburg loss was hard, but the girls battled, they'll b back
Hi Amanda. Do you have a favorite book made into a movie?
my pleasure
Face it... Most.people already think its hypocrite anyways RT : I agree. Hypocrite904!!!!!
Dark chocolate covered candied ginger
Mary Astor and I are hoping that you will be able to join us at the 20th Annual Green Tie Ball Sat, 9/17 Tickets at www.gatewaygreen.org
Some emails from yesterday are downloading now. Thank u 4 speedy response. Keep ticket active until sure it's resolved pls!
Craig Sager and those DAMN suits smh
RT : Looking forward to #TheRingLeader with ! The Premier on is February 14 2012
44 days left till school ends !
I believe it's called Detergent. #teamI'msickofhearingaboutit
11am, still no sign of mine (17). So all signs point to NO.
Packer fan in the South ? Give us a follow !
Thanks for the follow. Like your tweets. Tweet on!
Your success depends largely on the attitude you bring with you every day.
my stomach hurt !
Asked a cop at GE headquarters in Rock Plaza "where are the protesters?" "They're still asleep," he said.
thank you! Its much shorter than normal! And thank you for the shoes!
Is in Ballroom C waiting for Natalie Merchant!
JD was actually an X commit first. Ironic, huh? While he is athletic as anyone, he can't shoot/undersized. No PT next year.
Its a good feeling to not have any complaints!!!
Catching Fire is getting really good.
Tonight on #OutdoorWisconsin, join Tom Newbauer on Lake Michigan as he fishes from the MKE harbor for trout and salmon. On MPTV 10 at 8PM
as soon as i meet up with the designer hes got some bigger clients like soulja boy n juicy j hes workin on so gotta wait smh
Clutch the magnum, and do what you need to do
A lot of attention has been paid to the #TrayvonMartin travesty.Let's remember to continue the prayers and support for the parents
Get ready Houston TX :) we are coming back in full force! ALL FOR THE GLORY OF GOD!
its a blunt for my ride to work
we have one, but we don't promote it as much as we should, it is basically our tweets, in the future it will be better!
haha did you see my tweet?
Yum! I made fried eggs and leftover steak and veggies.
Congrats! Henry is adorable!
afterschool chorus today was torture.
excitement of the early AM:Selkie so riled up in play she almost fell off one of the cat shelves, i rush to save her and trip over Isis
A real wine description I just read: "This wine's aromas feature gooseberry pie, Meyer lemon, lime, river rock and a whiff of tom cat."
Satin Lips® Set (Mask & Balm) Buff away dry skin with Satin Lips® Lip Mask (.3 oz. net wt.), then moisturize with Satin Lips® Lip Balm
Help fellow Hoosiers - support the Clark Co Children & Family Advocate Organization - eat at Kingfish 2nite 5-10:00 & 25% gets donated!
Dude, $25? You need a raise!!
“: Happy Mothers day to my sister & friend one of the strongest sweetest women I know”same to U Enjoy ur day!
great game man! Its awesome to see you back and doing your thing!
“: a lot of food being consumed at that lunch meeting!!” all salads!
oh neat. and on the phone with mother again. phone tag lol
And example of a "directing column": in VAMPS, most close-ups of Colt had only her in the frame; the over-the-shoulder shots--
Vote Republican, homosexuals! Do you same sex couples want to have the same sex for the rest of your lives? Didn't think so.
Great seeing you at the event tonight, my friend!
security academy of texas
QOTD: Was there ever a time the sun never set on the British Empire? What map layers would you need to answer this?
kony 2012. His days re numbered.
I would kill for one of Mrs. Snooks snickerdoodles right now.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
I just saw your post in my connect on here sorry i didnt gett
#scumbagsteve to be a musician? Oh no...
RT : Brilliance New York will be w & come support this amazing fashion show!
:( ok cause im waiting for d with willie nd andrew
Going to sleep with a smile on my face
Next Performance: Friday Jan 13th @ The Whipping Post in Union Beach, NJ 10pm Showtime.
Headed to Chicago & AutismOne / Generation Rescue Conference in 3 weeks!
I heard them calling in the distance/ so I packed my things and ran...
Forgot my flute. Oh well. They probably marching anyways.
movies tonight :) i dont know what i want to see though :/
Where are you? :O
can you FaceTime two people at once?
thanks! See ya in a few!
I'm working on a white paper on the topic of pay per click email. I think it is a concept whose time has come.
I grow old learning something new every day. Solon 636 BC~ 558 BC, Greek Statesman
LSU's Brian Nichols on IT Risk formula: risk = threat x vulnerability x impact URMIA11#
I understand. You didn't did want to touch...oh nevermind
Good thing Carolina shot down gay marriage and stood up for "traditional marriage." You know, like w your cousin/brother/sister…
There needs to be a panel at #NERDHQ w/ & just BSing & making fun of each other. Make it happen.
lol not now it's getting chilli outside ,
We will never forget Those 19 years we all spent at 13th and B in #Omaha at the #CWS. The memories will live on inside us forever.
My health insurance was suddenly canceled following an unfixable bureaucratic foul-up. Wouldn't be surprised if Terry Gilliam was involved.
that's why we are going to win the walking contest. 15588 so far today!
Thanks! You're pretty awesome yourself! :o)
did you stay at home today?
yes I am
I got that a lot when I was little...I guess it's making a comeback!
A toda madre tu ru ru RT : I love my life, super blessed and lucky, Gracias a Dios
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
Yes! Julie Gerberding too - noting criticality of #DoD #Labs to influenza surveillance & identification of new strains
a real poet bro!
Thanks for that RT, ! Happy Monday.
My feet are on fire and I'm still drunk
Congrats to - Looking forward to seeing the cardinal fans next week for the 75th Annual #NIT !
I want to say good morning and welcome to all our new fans!
Well I'm going to go now talk to you all later bye bye followers and twitter :-)
When a bored bitch like me is on twitter the fucking thing this bitch could fucking do is ask For More Fucking Fun!!!!!
Take a look at this awesome website www.rlimaging.com
Some women used 2 be IT back in the days but failed 2 realized they're no longer IT anymore & ur gracefully hired 2 B fired one day.
Thanks for the RT, Ann. Got a question/comment we can relay to the chat?
are you the last person Andrew Breitbart argued with?
That's all, Canada. Thanks for the poutine. Next tweet is from 'MERRCUH
Can't believe I came to sd with no black. A good excuse for shopping though!!
It runs in the family.
Interesting article in this month's International Musician.
i know! i love it so much! so sweet.
Omg, I'm so sorry. Your co-worker sucks!
My boss told me he hasn't really followed hockey since "Greg Gretzky" retired...I'm pretty sure he didn't follow hockey before then either..
check you're DMs ?(;
Wow I haven't listened to my ipod in so long
What? Josh Hamilton hasn't hit a home run tonight? The guy sucks! Trade him for Yuni!
Because it has turned out to be a rather blustery day today! ;-)
(tickets not eligible for free aviators though, sorry!)
Sometimes I wonder how my life would be like If I was someone else o.o
I'm so loving all of the fashion from the #MetGala tonight! :)
I would hate if u liked boys.
I was just watching TV and this science guy said "One orgasm equals 2 cheese burgers" makes sense though ;)
Just said "This cake is the balls!!!" to my mom and dad. Awk.
Don't know if my stomach is in knots cuz it always is or if i'm nervous ... Fml
That is "Let the Church say Amen" by Andraé Crouch from his latest album "The Journey"
That's what I always say when they question the blondes,etc...I laughingly say during the Crusades those guys did some hanky panky:)
Gearing up for Marylhurst Sustain Your Career!
Ok. I'll ask about it and see what I can find out. Thanks for bringing it to my attention.
Jammin that new drake album! It's real mellow & ssschiiillll
I keep telling myself to forget about you.
*passes espresso*
you should never give up, even in the face of defeat...ride or die
Thanks for the retweet.
plz follow me i know u probably wont but
#accountability in general is crucial!
where I find more seek list?
I think we'll all look back at the Pebble watch one day and collectively laugh/hang our heads in shame
Next time, I'm totally proposing a session on serendipitous discovery.
I don't know... Why do guys go for girls who are so fake. Like she is acting like she doesn't comprehend basic tasks and you fell for that?
Let the fanatical Tebow following rise again
hey chic!
It's going to be a long day .
Preparing some surveys to help target the customer's needs for an upcoming VST Instrument.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Here's to a life full of abundance and gratitude. Thank you all for being your inspiration, support, and company in...
SARAH ARE YOU STILL ON??
Clean your pools skimmer basket regularly for best filtration and pool clarity
Yay! won a photo tour from !
Determined at our public svcs lunch: Denmark is the Ohio of Europe.
thanks for the suggestions :D
good thanks - how is your day going?
it's always like that
Cannot stand that godaddy.com commercial. "We hired her because women are sexual objects!" Your daughters will see this. Be ashamed.
me:lets talk her:wat about me:us her:wat about? me:damn! her:hello..hello
God grant me the serenity to change the things I can, and accept the things i cant. with the wisdom to know the difference.
It's halloween. I need to be doing something. Who's doing things?
Tell her I said I wanna lick her left nostril :') RT : First time having lunch with [:
Man, the ratchetness that goes on at Mickey D's.
Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other.
Just got home bout to clean take a shower do my h.w ;-)
Looking for free twitter list organizers? Any suggestions?
what time?
We are always looking to buy rare items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections - Call + 44 (0)1474 816043
My left knee, can't stretch it out. Gonna get a knee brace. And an ankle brace. For my left ankle and knee
HUGE Thanks to Firefly Team..U R what made Saturday SUPER SENSATIONAL! - Noelle, Patrick, Andrew, Lindsey, Paul, Molly Jo, Katelyn and Jean
RT ": "dad, if you don't get me a cat I'll get pregnant...... then I'll have a baby and a cat" - parker"
Don't offer me weed! I gotta stay clean, drug free(: why do you think I listen to inspirational and motivationally positive death/metal ...
was at "I am Number Four" on the weekend and sitting in front of him was the whole cast of "Tomorrow when the War Began"!
Thanks for following. PokerStars club number? Invite code? city/state/country? Thanks.
I like Tweetbot on my iPad although I prefer Echofon on my phone.
i miss u
Done with work. Now to sleep for the rest of the day.
thanks for the shout out :)
Finally home
#TeamFaber family here!! You're the man Uriah!! Hubby & I enjoy watching #TUFLive every Friday night here in Memphis, TN!! 5-3 BABY!! YAY!!
Toys, packages, pics... It all sounds filthy.
correct. It still shows the coming soon language when you click on the DROID marketplace link
Keep only cheerful friends. They pull you up.
Thanks. Yeah, I'm looking forward (I think) to doing the Oxford biocultural biblio. This stuff lets me do a dry run...
are you mad at me Dean?:(
Lonely night
“: People who's names start with 'A' have the longest life expectancy.”
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
It's a Miles Davis kind of day.
one of these days I want to actually see you say "woof"
Tx and #FOLLOW BACK 2 u, Gary - RT : Great contributors
( that's not what I meant auto correct )
- Same reason you have generals in war, to line you up right, motivate you, and talk about the casualties and victories.
woo woo woo u now that
awesome coverage on this you guys. Just great.
Derek Jeter hit to 3,000+ in dramatic fashion. Fans will want something bigger or better at the ASG. Let the Captain sit.
Yeah!!! RT : did not attend tax rate extension...citing much needed botox injections
On my way to target,, gettingg EP baby
The Militant hears the sound of gunshots on this train. Relax though, it's someone playing a game on their Android.
DeGraw had a big hit with I Dont Want To Be which was the Theme to TV Show One Tree Hill. Sweeter is now Playing on
I don't fit in with any of this and I don't think we're the same.
thanks for posting
home from school!! :)
More than Just a Teacher | Free Scholarships Blog
Oh, I thought it was small MINDED...or is that the same thing?
Craig you're lost without Boomer.
Thanks for the RTs this week. :-)
I would rather have my past then yours.
STOKED RT : So excited to play with Saturday. It's gonna be a fucking blast.
FREE Glenfiddich scotch tasting this Saturday! 2-5pm It's getting cold out there-- time for scotch!
Shooting with the legendary Sonny Carl Davis today!
Watching 'Can't U See' video by Total. Funny how after all these yrs there's nothing corny about their swag.
that's so funny!(;
Hush. Grown people talkin
Kentucky beats Baylor for trip to #Final Four. Swell... now I have to listen to the insufferable K-fans in the office for another week.
please follow me your so beautiful and so talented :)
i want to spend a lot of money on 7" vinyl right now.
Panda backpack ?
: why are you ignoring me?
OMG Is everyone horny tonight? That's all I see on my TL lol
rachel zoe'e show: she is really stressed. lather, rinse, repeat.
it's a beautiful day but today i'm dot-netting - meaning visual studio and my bulky desktop... next time.
I LUV MY TWITTER BACKGROUND
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Can we PLEASE have a gay movie that doesn't focus on AIDS or coming to terms with one's sexuality? PLEASE!
I Know Who Killed Me and his name is
Be on the lookout. We're about to turn things up a notch!
airport picking up Ryan the GM of St. Louis Bar Louie
Its going to be a great day! You inspire me everyday to follow my dreams! Thank you for being amazing! :)
Like always. 😱
CITY OF CHAMPS BOSTON WHAT CAN I SAY 7 PARADES IN TEN YEARS I SEE WHY YA'LL MAD.... RAPFETISH ENTERTAINMENT
Never let yesterday's disappointments overshadow tomorrow's dreams
Followed all new followers ♥ About to follow them on too ♥
Finally got my parking spot in front of the house
Good morning, Mike and Bradley!
Blessed are those who suffer for their offenders may already be condemned.
RT : I'm taking the weekend off from my marriage if anybody wants to bone.
I was beginning to despair since another keeper is off... Whould've have thought it; Carroll!
Yes but I'm staying busy!
Dear Sleep, Sorry for hating you and all when I was younger. But now I seriously can't get enough of you. Sincerely, Me<3
Today's #9RoundMinute coming in 30!
Ink ma whole body! RT : Favorite OLD wiz khalifa song ????
Did you see Alli's post about how cute you are on her website? ;)
Calls are often monitored and they're told to keep them under a certain time limit. Still, hanging up was rude.
can you go to fb?! :O
Thought grouplove was sold out but I got tickets last night... loves me now
Insulting & ignorant. Glad to hear he makes you think Scott b/c the only things I'm thinking of aren't worth tweeting
“: "Do you get that feeling when your butt itches because you've been sitting so long.....? I hate it." - ”
On today's episode of Eating is Dangerous: white sweater + roasted beets + eating & working= potential pink sweater. #LiveAnimals>Dangerous.
Nevermind. This episode of greys anatomy is...pretty intense.
omg i follow you! ahaha
T.Mills is so DAMN hot :o
camilla is the realest female on
Making plans to celebrate Veterans' Day, 11.11.11 - how about you?
At an event at SONY music's office celebrating the Bandier Program. LA Reid is in attendance!
In need of a small get away :/ SOON
RT : You're designed and equipped to achieve great things. Do it now.
#imagine Austin:I'm urs till the stars fall frm the sky,the rivers run dry,in other words till i die*kisses u gently* -anna
awww thanks love :)
had almost perfect weekend... didn't want it to end...
YAY for a twitter account (:
In history , got lunch next
If you are located in Mexico or will be attending the fair, please stop by out booth (G726) to learn more about Meitrack's tracking solution
GRADUATING? Get ready for your close up! Submit photos showing your Phi Kappa Phi pride to enter the spring 2012 contest:...
Eddie Vedder or Chris Cornell???
I'm excited! I've heard the security is insane there. I needed a drink before secondary screening in Philly
Brain-machine interface electrodes run the gamut from non-invasive caps to chip implants in the brain!
announce the all star cast please
I'm actually bored :( talk to me? omg
#Testimony Hey, Thanks so much for the products. I haven't started the cleanse yet but I've been taking the LBS II and it works like magic!
Yo, Jordan-an-ahh, The game is broken :( xD *bummed out* Your new single sounds pretty sick though :D stoked to hear the rest!
“If you tell the truth, it becomes a part of your past. If you lie, it becomes a part of your future.”
S/O to torre he was def my entertainment of the night lmao
Rule of 3: Wow,as in world class performance. No surprises, open communication. Cheer, as in recognition of one another.
America's a party and everyone wants to get in on it.
Haven't seen it yet. Watching DWTS......LOL
Hey guys! Apologies on the delayed response. Eyeballs deep in back end work. Loving the new choon!! What else is in store?
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. - Burton Hills
Good idea! “: Someone needs to make #downtown #Tucson #parking #app...show what's open...compare costs...guide me to it w/ GPS.”
2 days of school left. Thank the lord.🙏
RT : Watching the Drupal Commons 2 webinar with the team. The new social features are superb!
u are crazy girl!!!...gotta luv it tho.....hope the rest of ur day is betta ma....
"Life's boring" ... #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay ... which words would you never say?
nice moves Cody.
thanks for the follow!!
cause its hard.
"At 211 degrees, water is hot. At 212 degrees, it boils. And with boiling water, comes steam. And with steam, you can power a train. Just o…
which is why I sent you the vid...it's a hilarious story...and ole Pat said it himself...
your B/R article for tomorrow: #Jets to use #Tebow in packages similar to what they did with Brad Smith.
and I thought AllTimeLow was really following me lkfdjaskfd haha. slow mo aikka. troll lang yan.
Ohmygash, is following me! thank you Lisa haha ((: love you!
bae finna come through :) i love seeing him<3
I love #Passover because, if there are no kids, I ALWAYS get picked to open the door for Elijah.If you are an actress you understand.
Make that getting quoted and favorited by total strangers....
just sitting here in an emotional wreck hbu
It's Vegas. Tix sales no prob either way RT : bet #pac12 tourney won't have problem selling tix in Vegas w/ Shabazz Muhammad
What a night!
Live For NOW.
They're so big!! Omg
only if you take Sarah's place 💙💜💚❤
I went to the and game and waited 2 hours in the rain for them to tell us it was canceled.
I wanna kiss someone & feel fireworks or sparks or whatever the hell that good ass feeling will feel like cause I haven't felt it yet.
I could add that I'm visiting a new cafe for the first time. Influx on India. Loving it. Hello, fav new coffice.
Getting NiNi washed!! She's way over due.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers! Follow Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic and show our support!
"This is not about you anymore..." -one direction
HBD to and
Had to get a tweet in before work. Late again.
I know!!! scary stuff man, scary stuff. We should try to catch up beyond 140 characters sometime.I'd love 2 hear more about U.
What's with the weirdo masked caped dudes?
you're welcome. Oh, and by the way i'm Nicky :) I saw how you protested for the keystone pipeline. It was inspirational!
And a happy Monday evening to you! :-) How goes it?
You should go to Great America in Santa Clara, CA tomorrow. (: I'll be there for my graduation trip! ;D
People talk TOO much ! 😠
you have good looks but your personality is revolting.
Are you alive??? Did you sleep in the tub armed with a shotgun (a new non-alcoholic cocktail I've just made up)?
we gonna run this town tonight
when will my dream finally come true that you will follow me?
I wanna talk to Sampson
I'm so hungry 😞
get well soon!
Thank you much and I look forward to meeting you Stephen. I'm 48 yrs old and a huge fan of yours and Bioware. I only have Sunday
#NP gonna be a beautiful night
10 minutes til my voice jury... I'm nervous!!
If you won the $540 million Mega Millions jackpot, what's the most selfish thing you'd buy yourself?? I think I'd buy myself West Virginia.
he started MLS Digital Properties and now works for MLSE corporate partnerships. He's a digital guy at heart.
So my mom saw me crying and she went to give me a hug....made my crying worse. RememberTrust
I parked on the wrong end of Tysons Corner Mall for where I needed to go. Can I count this 10-mile walk as a 2nd workout for the day?
Thanks everyone for the WiFi directions. The lobby is where it's at. Just remember to accept the mall's terms of service.
Thanks for the RT!
hey check out our site #houstonnightout.com it will tell you about all the hottest events in houston!
Peter's tweet just made me smile hugely--wow, that's very sweet.
Had fun after skool!
it was 's idea, but I am pretty great, I guess.
k followed (:
Ask someone working exclusively in a web medium to produce a document for digital AND hard copy distribution. G'head. See what happens.
Look for something this evening. Send me your email. :-)
Always liked "Goodbye Girl" myself.
CITY GOT ONE GOAL, NEEDS ONE MORE, MUFC ABOUT TO GO FINAL...
AAVG looking real thin on ask!!!
I think I may have broken a record for hours in bed. And I hope to break THAT record again soon.
COME OVER AND ILL TELL U WHY!
You know, if ya got it, ya got.
Will be pursuing my PhD in Rhetoric and Professional Communication this fall
;-) LOL!! The "getting to know you and your sign" prt of d prty! When "home #'s" were xchnged...later "pager #'s with codes"..
what's up
Tryin to see eye to eye but it's like we both blind
I think that my school is so lifeless
This man is having a ball with his no teeth self...lol
Also, heard someone say "this cooking store is great. It's like a hardware store for women." I think they missed the #feminist movement.
Cool pic. Can't wait to work with both of you.
just for the record totally found the way to drop down the projector, he gets credit for this working
& they say there is nuthin gud on TV anymore lol. Blessings :)
it is just you. Are you listening to the other #idiots on stage?
it's nice I'm hoping nick is there for the weekend!
Almost all films made today are pretty much based on pre-existing properties.
Ok hi nice alligator
It's a shame but it is what it is
hun u wouldbt have to change for me.... :-) ur already cute enough
On our way to Ft. Wayne for a show tonight! Who's gonna come party with us?!
Stage: white guys.
I'm curious...
Here's another fucking awesome Canadian band that I wish would come to NYC and play a show with us, Check em out!
thanks trevor! (:
cant call it mami networking an my grind
Badge of honor. “: LOL now there's a theory, very metro of you”
Thank you for following, Mr. LoVerde. We hope you enjoy our Tweets.
As of 2009 approximately 1700 businesses were certified by PA dept as a mbe or wbe
oh ok. Hahaha (:
and haha i can't believe I asked, I already knew your fav was Logan! :) yea Lou's my age too, too bad he's got a gf :| :p
“: 1am on the East Coast... Who's still up watching the Lakers & Clippers on ESPN???” we are!
NOTION UK have made it to the BETT show after heavy snow hit London AGAIN! We are ready to rock and roll!
for being a great neighbor and sharing your concern!
kiss it all better, i'm not ready to go, it's not your fault love, you didn't know.
That espresso roast was like velvet.
Where do you work? I can relate with crazy people at my night job
lets get it! my email is on stand by...
I want today to be a good day... but it has that real medium feel about it, thus far. good news New Creepy Alley Man wasn't about this morn
thanks for the RT...you guys rock
I'm so unbreakable, you don't know what to think
I see lots of presentations about portable consent, but I can't find a homepage; is there one?
I doubt if the idea that came to me then would have occurred to a single one of any dozen of the brainiest chappies you care to name
Social media content should do 2 things for your audience: Motivate/Inspire or Make something easier.
LA peeps: make sure you check out this week at the Key Club! Tickets will sell out fast! 12/13
thanks so much for the shout-out! Please keep us informed about the post
Huge turnout for BOARDINGHOUSE at tonight! My friends were scarce, but I appreciate all the hipsters who had a blast there!
Never been so stressed out in my life. Is it ever gonna end?
Thanks for the RTs!
You found the Twitter account-It's me! But I would love if you read it. I've always said I had the best students. And it's true. ;-)
it was yummy
The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing
I have been trying to get one of the ICONic Boyz to notice me but its not working :( So i think you should RT this;) TiAmo<3!
hey u should follow me becuz im special!!!! lol!! <3
Byrd is toast. Don't think it says anything about the Ellsbury injury, just adds another mediocre player to the roster.
Time to take a poll: How many people have fibbed to someone they met online about anything because you wanted to make a good impression?
Brad: "What!? Do you think paper grows on trees!?" Me: "Yes, yes I do..."
lol do u go to school near your family or did you get time away to go see them??
Congrats on the coverage! Hope 11.11.11 energy is most positive in all our lives :-)
Senate passes bill 93-7 | Allows for indefinite military detainment of US civilians on.fb.me/s6KaM7
Realized for the first time how hilariously violent Looney Tunes are on the big screen!
I'm looking at knitting patterns. I have two WIPs. I have a problem.
yo he had asked longest return that was also a td. You watching the caps??
Going to hit up the gym today and kick butt ! :)
- Sure, glad to share interesting B2B sales strategy posts
hello everyone <3
please promote and share(:
dont mean it as if i dont see her cause i see her all the time but i dont see her as much as i used to...
Depressing... Lautman says workers entering workforce now in US are less educated than those retiring.
Jupiter's moon Europa has an atmosphere made mostly of oxygen and could have 2x as much liquid water as all of earth.
Trying out Tweetbot on my iPad in preparation for
People love to say you're cute for a darkskin girl.... I hate that!
RT : Stop being defined by what other people think of you.
I can't get enough of what you got!
I LOVE that place!
I love Milwaukee.
So that's where you've been hiding, silly little plothole! Trying to get me to fall into you, weren't you?
where's the party?
thank you for the follow.
Helmond: Link transformed from navigational tool to analytical device and maybe even query into database.
"squeeze yo hello kitty"
Feel like death...
Hanging with the family and doggies...
Good morning good #tea people! Even clouds fail to obscure greatness. Shine yourself out of a fog.
Its 1am, do you know where your sleep is?
Thanks for coming out to see us today!
Got it. Done. Thank you! See you soon, melady.
THE LIBRARY: "I used to be the Internet!"
Great seeing you at the AHS Hero Dog Awards! Keep up the great work!
Make the move for Mike Wallace Jed #itmakesthemostsense!!
Paranormal Activity 3 was scary!! The other two were not even scary...
Thx 4 great show in Portland tonite - my wife & I always wanted to see u perform - we thoroughly enjoyed it
hello sir!
I wanna spend the whole day outside D:
we grinding smarter...
"Lmaoooo. That man smelled like str8 butt RT : PPL DEM MUS LEARN FI WASH OUT DEM BATTY HOLE. AH FUCKERY DAT !"
too bad it's a "mock house draft"
MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR SUPPLEMENTS OVER THE HOLS A – 3500iu E – 30iu Calcium – 200mg in multi vit – then 600mg at least 2hrs later with...
no joke gave me the wrong card
#Heartattack Specialized Adult Stem Cells Re -Grow Fingertips Title: Specialized Adult Stem Cells Re -Grow Fingertips Category: Health News
Also heard this week we may be going to all day/every other day kdg! Don't know yet until Board decides.
RT : #RONCHRISTIE looks like a fool!!! || More than looks. :)
Love how Nick Johnson from the #Orioles walks to home plate to "I got five on it". so 1995 of him. Reminds me of high school and my Greeks
our conference is during that time but thank you for the invite!
Tomorrow I have my first official day of summer. #HOLLA💙
I need 2 mil fa this shxt!
Nice day for a wedding at the County building - @ SD River Conservancy
TITTIES & BEER! GREAT BIG TITTIES & BEER!
He knew I enjoyed the relationships of college basketball. All along, he was the wise one. Rick Pitino
Let's go Knicks..
I was asking the same question.
V-Ice still has a lot of words to say, to a lot of mothers.
“You can't blame a writer for what the characters say.” ― Truman Capote
Don't hate haha
Ran out of pictures. Crap. Haha
WAIT!...lololol which one is the "cutie ;)" again? O.o
really bad morning, #11nb 9:04 Fleet/Albemarle not here yet... Any reports of traffic backups or anything?
Reading ORDINARY THUNDERSTORMS by William Boyd for next week's book group. I'm new to Boyd - good stuff.
Has anybody told your profile pic is extremely beautiful?
Wow, Bud was damn impressive there.
Guys! We need more followers to grow! :-)
$5 and a high five for anyone who comes over and packs up all my shit for me.
pick me plz!
RT : It's National High Five Day so make sure to slap some skin with your fellow Klipschsters!
saw that. Figured their CMS could handle it. Asked them to fix.
#NAMM Had some car issues so had AAAGold tow us to NAMM. Nice conversation and a real gas saver.
We are all a work in progress-physically and mentally. Meditation to calm the mind and the body is a great way to de-stress.
nope I haven't
in before WHAT
i accept that due to 1986 amendment to Ppls Ord, some residents pay for private trash pickup and others have their trash collected by city.
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes! Salsa dancing last night, bowling tonight, brunch on sun! Watching friend on CSI:NY fridy night! Fun!!
Holy hell. Watching now. I need her to dress like that more often...
Happy Friday the 13th tweeps! Will you be dancing this evening?
Thanks so much, Kate!! See you next week? :)
In the boro :)
Responses from re policy questions on their website tie everything up in a neat bow, never address real issue. Yea politics!
What is that kip
Great job tweeting for at the #iabcmnsc. Sounds like it was a fantastic event!
I'm following who follow me;) if I don't follow, only ask!
beginning debt management companies. credit repair in 21 days.
Is it bad that I know almost every line in the lion king 2 ?
Today's Declaration: I am focused and clear. (This one speaks to me loudly because today I am writing.) How are you spending your Tuesday?
Ha? Is what real life?
�Paid search can live in a silo in an organization
Remind me to never read anything on Vice, ever again, unless it's from
I'll kick their ass
thanks for the follow! 谢谢你的跟着
#PrayForJapan on the first day of 2012, thats not fair. my prayers are with you all <3”
It appears America's land mass has been downgraded.
The Pit is the place to watch college basketball. 19K+ strong here to watch the first real contest of the season. WEARENEWMEXICO
Another quiet halloween at home. Kids ringing door bells, muffled pleas behind the basement door.
BEST GIRLFRIEND EVER! #CINCODEMAYO Gear!
havent said hi n 4ever gotta see how my bucks is doing! im actually here now its funny u always pop in my mind here:)
Pause. Co-create a compasionate common future by thinking of it as reality.
That's What You Need To Get Through You Head! Stop Freaking Saying Its Your Fault! I Wanted To Help You ! So Its MY FAULT!
Urban farm programs in San Diego for youth amazing, www.secondchanceprogram.org. Composting, vertical gardens, more.
Slight work, right work
Is the purpose to intrigue them to buy?
What age should kids read Charlette's Web?My 1st grader's class is reading it; son had many tears at the end; but he also said it was great!
Creativity low?! While you're finding inspiration, stop ur profits from sinking w/ the clients u have NOW! Find out how @ www.drwiggys.com!
did casting workshops in the past month with Danielle Eskinazi, Liz Martinez-Nelson, Jeffrey Gafner, Erica Silverman, & Stephanie Laffin!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I am so glam, I sweat glitter.
So.... who's excited for 520 tolling to start? EH?
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
and I'm sure everything that came out of my mouth was damned brilliant x_x
Were all so quick to write people off.
Maury is such a pointless show
Nice meeting with discussing this morning.
Back to NJ means time to get Cluck U
Now that's how you go out. Grace. Gratitude. Class.
. I've tried using your app but it only seems to measure pulse, not systolic and diastolic. Any tips for getting all 3 to work?
Private equity investment recovers
they always insist it's not a "speed trap"
Had a really bad exp w/ But SUPER happy to get sweet note in mail from Sara M w/apologies & gift card. Now THAT's customer svc!
Instagram for Android...FINALLY!
Miami horror
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith!!
hey! How are you?
That was a bold prediction on his part.
Going to pick up my car. 4 fresh brand new tires
When THAT ex texts you to tell you he's coming to YOUR city and hopes you can put up with him for 2 days... Oh.
If only was in 3rd p I miss her lol
Sending you warm wishes right back! Hope you've had a good start to the new year! and I send you x's and o's.
please do! Can't wait!
High x Sleepy x Hungry
Don't u hate it when therz nuthin on the radio then when u don't hav time to listen 2 da radio the the most awsome song comes on
#Caps Ovi says he's leaving today for the world championships
New life goal: get my picture hanging on the wall at buca di beppa
Sometimes you have to re-evaluate your relationships with people. The truth can break your spirit.
Breaking: Irene hits Raleigh two days late... This downpour is what I was anticipating Saturday.
So many people question how you change over the years. Honestly, at the end of the day if your happy with yourself, thats all that matters.
Do you know what is dating in reverse? That's Come and meet unusual #dating startup at #life30, Apr 18
The artist's effort, always and everywhere, is to attain a fresh mode of cognition. -Donald Barthelme
Lakeshore Kitchen would like to wish everyone a happy and safe Thanksgiving!!
Thx. I agree infographics are great for presenting compelling data/content. Too often it's bullet points + pretty colors.
Not a good day to forget my umbrella
I find it a bit weird that someone holding up her comic book bona fides would ask if someone's "seen" (not read) Ghost World
Just found out what FLOTUS stands for
They were amazing, gave me chills...
cruzin into bronchitis i think...YIPPEE! Miss NC is one week away! yeah!
i'd actually be very happy if string bean was gone the rest of the school year
Hey there, Miranda. You are probably outdoors leading a fabulous FitVenture of yours. Check out www.mirzukfitness.com y'all!
nah, he's just naturally beautiful.
By following us you will be able to recieve updates on the competition, and you will be able to recieve direct opportunities from collectors
DTW is very nice, also deserted
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 1: “Don't apologize or mention that you usually have much more time. Be confident.”
Congrats! Impressive stuff yesterday!
Have you had a chance to read up about Dr. Nancy Hafkin's induction to the Internet HOF? Don't worry. We have you covered...
Awesome. I have an interview for a script reading job this week.
Added hotel rms #Eden Roc, #Miami Bch Resort & Spa & #Gansevoort for #YBS12 book ur room now while still available. Hotels selling out fast!
Haha...yeah, but is that guy your neighbor? I think I've #gotyoubeat w/ Crazy G.'s rendition of "Boom Boom Pow" & "B-day Sex"
just did some hard core cleaning !!
--Except for "Dick, Jane and Sally", and some of Bertrand Russell's work--
Heading into the studio to mix a track called "I'm Addicted to Bad Bitches." I may accidentally rename it "Shoot Me Now."
Tiramisu cheesecake? That pic was not nice! LOL (noting ) Enjoy Seattle, lovely. Portland misses you. ;)
Sexy young hottie college girl , girl next door type alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com check me out now and don't hesitate email 4 appts!
After Flood:Remove dry wall up to and 2 feet above flood levels on walls and remove all insulation which came in contact with flood waters.
I've found your nighttime curation a valuable archeological find in the mornings.
If you're going to rape, pillage, and burn, be sure to do things in the right order. ~ Attila the Hun's Rule
Doing good. Just working and keeping busy.
Any guesses how many times neighborhood bar has changed hands now? Think they'll actually try something different, or same story?
Looking forward to reading your article coming out in the summer. Which month does the issue come out, and how do I get a copy?
Looking forward to yours.. we'll see if I get around to mine.. going to try, though! :)
i bhe on that low man tryinn to get that currensy
not sure. was like that when i got home around 6. there were a couple news camera crews, but i couldnt tell what was goin down.
Perfect laugh to start the morning! Thanks!
omw to school-_- ! Everyone Good Luck on the test.! ( if your taking it) 
People make time for things that are important to them.
Great job!!
nah...it's up to you to say what you're called and make it reality.
The more research I do.. the more I realize how valuable a personal blog is for selling yourself
getting ready for #sxswi as a pedicabber is a very different process.
I'm not hatin. Just a bit jealous
Hey - you still need that bobblehead it were you able to get one?
Not much...just 999 plan & GOP opposing everything in sight...ya know...same 'o, same 'o thing.. :-)
Today’s Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Mushroom. Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
I'm officially a tornado junkie-- no sleep last night; every cell aching to go to Joplin & Alabama and help in any way I can.
In so much trouble w/ Life.is.unfair. Arrrhhhhggghhhh
coming to see the evens at fort reno tonight?
& when it's worse, it's long fights about how we fight too much & nonsense like "you don't really care enough."
Because Maria Mrdelja rolls on the floor laughing at me and then thinks of how much she loves Jordan Mark Witzigreuter and cries.
I don't get it - once I turned 36, I wake up every day at 5:15a ready to crush. Is that a sign of old age or yrs of zig ziglar coming out?
The wish for healing has always been half of health
what are you up to later today
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork: Burn the popcorn. 😏
SEATING ARRANGEMENTS will appeal to Maine and Bridesmaids fans. Read it during the wedding season.
not at all :/
My night >>
!!!!!!!! Channing Tatum live chat in 25 minutes!! ah!
nope I watch it!
awesome bro, well check it out for sure!
When people are like 'I'm da real official blablabla' no you're a douchebag
Who went to the signing yesterday? I should have logged on here before.. wanted to meet a lot of you. I a lot of fans at the concert tho. x
Lol I might have appendicitis & kidney stones! FUCKING AWESOME.
Praying for the Polish people and Poland
Am speaking tonight on Small Space #Gardening to GARDEN CLUB OF COLLEGE GARDENS in #Rockville #MD #gardendc -book me for your club's nxt mtg
Wow, what a day for our student employees! was awarded the Kearse Student Honors Award! Congrats Ben!
Maybe Trinidad & Tobago are next on the launch schedule! Lol....
Hey Holly! Been a few! How are you, Dave, and the boys?
Just heard about Easy WP SEO, any thoughts? What's your competitive advantage?
Playing with the new games at AC Slots, badass stuff come see us @ G2E booth # 2014
Dearborn Truck Plant no production daytime Thurs. due to a parts issue. Visitor Center & tours still running. Thanks
Finish the Sentence -- "I'm looking forward to more __________ in 2012!"
Awww well I mean, I'm just a fan account! Are you talking about the real Justin?
Goodness, none of my friends want to go to Burger and Beer Joint this Saturday.
Enjoying the suprisingly good #spring weather? Come in for a haircut and get a #pedicure for half price!!!
Has one coach ever followed another only to have the reverse come true at another school? #arkansas dejavu
remember the other night we decided we weren't gonna put up with the inflexibleness?
don't get too full of yourself now, wild thing
When Robins eat too many honeysuckle berries at once, they become...well...drunk. Holiday partying? ops...
Thanks Jess!
How you like that, Ravens Nation? You're welcome, Baltimore.
Joel you are a *elbow tap, ear flick, hair flip, shoulder brush* DON'T UNDERESTIMATE OUR LANGUAGE!!!!
This tweet had me very worried for a second there.
happy birthday to me? You ROCK!
very excited :)
We have sites with open classroom concepts that seem to work
it should be better than they were. Not really up to par with the crafts, sadly. Still love , though!
There are so many performances on the ACMs tonight and they're all great!
Anyone would quit if they don't believe they're good at anything.
Front Desk Tues: Um, Interior AK was NOT a tropical rainforest during the Russian-AK era. Local big museum might want to not tell folks that
#JumpAround Y'all
#schoolmemeries I'm so not gonna miss my ratchet ass school I'm soo serious
at least they were'nt watching porn.
hey bud! Love you bunches!
Man on campus at 8am said he didn't know college kids got up that early. Little does he know...we don't. what's sleep?
idk i havent seen anything about that yet. is there one at ur school?
. flight delayed. Seat in front of the exit row wasn't supposed to recline. They fixed it & realized it WAS supposed to recline
WORDS TO THE WISE: IM THE BIG FISH FRYER - PAT FORD*
lol ah, we just call that delivery =) I live in a simple world
Hm, Sprecher Amber or a V8??? What would you drink?
wish you could still do inside drill with us
HEY JOE.....WHAT DO U HAVE TO SAY 2 UR MANY, MANY GAY FANS...???? KEEP THOSE SHIRTLESS SCENES COMMING....!!
Jury has to decide if car was used as deadly weapon. If so, then Bronson would have to serve at least half sentence before parole.
yeah-- I hear that.
FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee at Mcdonalds! Perfect time to treat someone for coffee! ^Eugene, PDX area only
aha yeah [:
why do you reroute buses & not tell riders?
I know somehow after all the missteps im still here to change it. And im coming to chicago this summer 4 sho
The beauty of life does not depend on how happy you are, but how happy others can be because of you.
Went to merchandize picture books & smelled chlorine. Brought me back to my swimming days, until I realized it was staff disinfecting toys.
My mom got me all stoked for the upcoming show in Seattle. Then I remembered I'm moving the week before... :(
Apparently it's CADU (diaeresis). But now I'm wondering if the 'ae' in diaeresis should be a diphthong. God help me.
Oh ... We've sunk A&M plenty of times!
i dont know if it is or not.
How to be productive: quit twitter?
thanks! You good people too
Nope, sorry!
": Green Bay 45, Detroit 41. Your Green Bay Packers are 15-1, the most wins in team history. Happy New Year. #gopack" Happy 2012! NP
Ryan Serhant from Million Dollar Listing, you can butter my biscuit any time you want...... #SoHot #ButterMyBiscuit ;)
If the LOLCATS site is ever hacked, I'm blaming the Script Kitties [or rather: Skrept Kittehs]
I know you made it! But I know... Tomorrows gonna be the longest day ever waiting.
Re: said groundhog, wait 'til it makes babies and they all eat your garden. Then, not so cute. Well, a lot less cute.
Good morning
lil boys lil boys am going to pray for u little young guys
Great #edtech meetup today. We look forward to showing you our ePortfolio.
Anybody want to have a picnic or eat dinner at a restaurant with a patio with me tonight?
THIS LIQUOR GOT THE BEST OF ME!!! YEEEEAAAAA! THIS LIQUOR GOT THE BEST OF ME!!!
If you ever have any questions about how Bilderberg Operates, just watch GPS 360 w/ Fareed Zacharia (Bilderberg Member choice of topics)
First 5 to tweet back get xbox
Oh yes, equally addictive, but totally different writing style. Her characters are the most incredible I've read.
Awesome catch!
Is the show House based on a specific hypochondriac message board or just all of them?
okay, whatever you say. But you still have some explainin' to do when I get back misssssy!
Study: Pollution trading could trim bay cleanup costs
Dude!!! you Betta Keep Preachin through them Drums lol!!! You a true inspiration Doc for real!!
Montanez's Law? When presented with a choice of images of which to share, the user will inevitably pick the wrong one.
Love that idea...I think he would put up numbers better than or equal to McGehee in '09/'10 if at Miller Park with better D!
burn them! Burn the hellish fiends!!!!!!
America. I can't forgive this. should not have been eliminated. You can't base it on just last night's performance!! Ugh.
This ump is gonna have to open the strike zone you alittle gosh
My baby <3 ah I love you
But none of this would be possible with out faith and prayer to my God
Preparing for next weeks performance
I wear socks OVER my flip flops. It makes my feet look all lumpy and mysterious. Which is what we all want from our feet.
#Listening to Beulah's excellent "Yoko." Forgot that I owned this record, much less how good it is.
no don't cry!!!!!! We'll figure something out!
just go home already fanny pak god
is my co-pilot
Gotta get up early 2morrow, got hole lotta things to do
#TY for the #RT of #Follow #Funkies list via
When Dana flips out like she's psychotic or something <<<<
All I said was grow up...
passing out!
#Jetsetter RT : I'll only be able to do #SheCon on Friday. Then off to ATL for 's conference.
What did Milbury do now?
In love with Francis Collins
Fear or faith - which will be our master? T Hanks
Mapping community needs vs. community assets; layered POV; mapping oral histories
Bob evans does not find the apostrophe represents them. It is a restaurant of multiple bob evanses
Putting the rebel in cerebellum
that was me
billy parton is beautiful
I have the worst kind of people in my family on both sides ... No good daddy's money hungry baby mommas racist ass Hispanics
Break a Leg
Does that remind you of that gross Ashley Simpson song from like 2007?
Thanks for following
couldnt have asked for a better Reds update! Glad to have you and it wont be the last time!
susienator how is your tummY? u gotta watch out for those sneaky mexicans, i wonder if you can bring an ice cooler on the plane
New News View tonight!
IN the Lab looking to get these new beats out soon!
Thanks for checking out my video, Ren. Let me know if you ever have any questions. Take care : )
No plans yet. Stay tuned...
"The internet has shown -fundamentally- better way to live and work" -
I agree.They should show women in true form in the fetal position, crying, eating funyuns and watching when harry met sally.
lmfao Larry called Tashias friend a bitch a Kellys... when they got in his face it was all bad... he bitched up
Im in Bangkok, Thailand.
Thanks for sharing this, Scott. So thanks to social media, I might be able to afford Oscar de la Rental some day!?
I want a review if that place! Seen it but never stopped in.
I kind of like it, too?
Stop in for lunch great deals all day long. 2011 s 1 street
That was a fun game to watch. Lucas was tearing it up and dropping fadeaway bombs on LeBron.
If u want more followers follow me and we can get u 200 only the first 50 will wen this is serious !!!!
Plus, he will be officially living with me and the folks in the beginning of June. Let the good times roll. :)
RT : Am giving two tics away for mon game!!! So retweet eveyone that is the first step to be entered into contest
Doing great thanks. Last day of "spring break" then onwards! Concert season awaits!
Will there be refreshments? RT Interested in statewide bison management planning? Come to the Bozeman Holiday Inn on May 24
watching rays game w/ he says "I tried 2 make play like that 1"2 which my reply was & what pt of your body did u injure?
RT : Handguns is so good. Fuck yeah.
u ok?
Breakfast with mae. 💙🍴
Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hunger Games Still the Victor at BO Audiences made The Hunger Games the first film since Avatar to hold the numbe
Just try your hardest =)
Bruins power play is back to looking anemic I see...(I'm only saying that so they score and make me look stupid)
If I Die Tomorrow #ireallywant to make happy my followers with my tweets, follow
I want him to sing endless love- just one line
When I go to high-school, I know I might change or somethings will change.
crap... what'd they change this time?
Yo I haven't been out to #426 in a min
GJ was the interview in 93.7 fm The Fan Pirates Pre-Game today.
Can't pull up the Chili's menu online. WTF! Hope they are aware of that...
follow me (:
Awe thanks!ت And yeah I gate Mondays too.
yea im gettin real good at drawin pauly d too
This fan would like to see come in right about now! >>> " The #SportingKC subs warming up! -KK"
RT : These are spooning hours..yet Im wide awake talking to y'all on twitter// Smh
Hope u will make Life Pieces To Masterpieces first gala & art auction. Thursday Oct 6 6-8:30. www.lifepieces.org.
#Flyer gameday.... and I'm almost to tweet 6,000. Who should i dedicate number 6,000 to? hm
I wanna be 6'2 at most..
Guys with pretty much any European accent >>>>> 😍
#promoting in #SantaMonica Wednesday for #Acupuncture and #HomeHealthCare services.
some parts. wouldn't change the vast majority of it for anything in the whole world though.
I wish the Whitaker hoops were up so I could go shoot around 
It's not that warm.out yet but ill be drinking so who care hahaha
it is text books. Lol I got exam next week
what ever your auditioning for I know you'll get it and be the best you can be. Good Luck ☺
Being attacked by wonka trucks, and barbie dolls by Allie is not the funnest way to get outta bed. HateLies<3Trust
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Take a moment to serve someone less fortunate today as a measure of giving thanks!
no one should EVER clip their nails at the office. ever.
What are you doing for Christmas time?
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny Horny in the Woods
I bruised my baby toe in tumbling!
you liked it
Not my boyfriend .
me too lol
Life is amazing. Everyday a combination of your expectations paired with the unexpected.
Come on
Herbst Tells New UConn Graduates They Are &quot;Architects&quot; Of Their Own Lives - Hartford Courant
Another office just opened in Nashville, please follow
Oh, and I watched breaking dawn part 1 tonight(:
the city is as much a character in the film as everyone else... i love finding excuses to get back there
A bird just slowly approached til it was about 6" from my shoe, then abruptly flew away. #itwalkedonmypillow!
Pretty sure I dislocated my shoulder playing tetherball, but it popped back in.
half price bottles of wine today and every Saturday. We have a rockin' wine list!!
that's a damn long time in the bathroom wtf you eating
Some will test you, some will use you and some will teach you. But most importantly, some will bring out the best in you.
Headed to a crash at the vista ridge tunnel
oh hit your right. Lemme change that shit
PwC town hall on preparing yourself for the global workplace is starting now, 4pm in Fisher Colloquium, Hariri. All GU students welcome!
We have enough cause these ppl girl!!!! “: Just remember that love conquer all things”
Congrats to three of my faves in the biz and their James Beard nominations! !!!
So about laughing at the lakers game 1 vs OKC.......yea my bad
Going to try to win tickets again ! 9:25!
I feel u but da name flips was nice tho
**REMEMBER if you REFER a FRIEND, you'll RECEIVE $8 bonus bucks to use towards FREE TANS, UPGRADES, and LOTIONS!**
just catching up! Sorry dude! Get better. Enjoy the legal meds.
I really like this
Chocolate milk. (;
but niggas are tryna say a nigga who lead the league n steals 3x cant play Defense..dats blasphemy
#ninagarcia is top trending right now, and the show just started, keep sending her ur #BestDressed picks and watch #ABC for the action.
Just saw Lori Berquim #dontgo video,wish UW officials would realize appealing2students senses&morals will never work...requires them2have em
Wait...where were we when we were where we were? #zalliteration RT
Thx, Kyle. I'm feeling like a pretty lucky guy right now! RT : 3 of my favorite tweeters! Enjoy
Thanks ! Nice work and crew! Provocative conversation at #mcn2011 today. Amazing when we see we're all in the same boat!
I have emailed NCBI help a few times, and am slowly learning. I thought it might be more fun to discuss in 140 characters :)
We are 1 hr away from gates opening. The energy is crazy (in a good way)!
It looks really nice!
Just gonna do hw all day and watch Pretty Little Liars until we have to leave to Queens
There's a certain sad stillness to a house after a 2-Year-Old vacates it. Miss my nephew already.
I'm outside eating watching people run. 
i thought it was orange?
you're invited.
Thanks for mentioning me! :)
I dislike when a project is consistently inconsistent. It means so much more work for me...if not now, someday.
#ff cuz he swings his bass
Dogs do their social networking on Assbook, via the World Wide Whiff.
It's a little more than a routine visit, but it's good to have a good pediatrician!
To those not tracking analytics, is there any push back abt spending staff time/tax $ on social media? Or is value proven now?
All booked and sorted for #CMJ Music Marathon in New York in October - can't wait!
when's the big 0 birthday?
We do everything on a case by case basis but have general price pts we can hit easily. DM us an email address I can send info to!
Never a boring day in Memphis lmao
thank you
Also, increase in skin disorder exzema -- also autoimmune.
I work tomorrow from 6:30-11. people should come in (:
awesome. thanks!
nope not going
The Gymanimals are in the black history Parade!! Downtown Atlanta
Haha RT First day of school: "This year, I'm gonna work hard." It never happens!
can you follow me and I will talk to you on dm instead of tweets and I'm really confused about this talk to me on dm please?<3
Everyone go follow she's close to 300 followers! Let's help her out :)
omg. your imagination is very creative I bet...
6 Ways to Build Up Your Biceps
You a fan of the orange jerseys? They looked sharp on tv.
"In #Birmingham they love the governor."
Jays tie it up in the 9th 4-4 as they start swinging the bats
The #grammys not that hott this year a lil dry but may be do to the passin of Whitney...tears rip
Well that's just GREAT
We get very, VERY lost...unTIL we find our way YET AGAIN in life...
can I buy a RT on this moafuka?
haha Cool! I love that movie :) have fun!
DEAD MENTIONS ARE SO BORING.
Last day of school, and End of 1st Semester! :)
What's going on for new yrs?
- then again, you might not call it "fun" after a combined total of 25 hours ! (Whew!)
Loving this weather!
Buster's back to a standing ovation.
Survived a flight attendant w a frosted mullet who kept making casual threats over the intercom & withheld snacks. Hello, sweet Baltimore.
Gave a little relationship advice for another guy to my ex ._. Sometimes i think im too nice
One night I thought I heard a cat fight in my alley but alas, it was definitely a huge rat fight. No rat king though :(
What's up with the leader boards? They appear to be inaccurate, reporting only a handful of donors for orgs that have dozens.
hm yuni walks again. Tell me again when he is going to suck. So far so good
lol Dr. Diaz! I love it!
T Minus an hour and a Half till another EPIC night @ Playhouse!!!
Its an elite 8 block party!
same to you! Hope it is sweet!
I don't claim to do much other than.... Be Rondells mom and its proven!
r u mad at me
RT : For those of you following The Amazing Race: the Madison couple is kicking ass.
depends on the time of day, I don't drink beer til at least 9a.
Re-watched The Incredible Hulk and Captain America on Blu-ray today.
My dreams are to win a Tony and be on Glee :3 And I can't audition for The Glee Project because I'm not 18 :(
Worst feeling ever when you type a paper have nothing else to say and come up short. Then continue to talk gibberish in relative terms...
. How did you find out? I haven't seen an announcement
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive
you have some nice pictures
We're loving it! Thanks for coming in! Already ordered?
Finally reading "On Food and Cooking" by Harold McGee!
If you could spend the day with any musician, who would it be and why?
why is it she has to always look so gorgeous when i see her? what sucks is she doesnt knw how i feel bout her :-(
Happy First Friday #Indianapolis - Brave the cold and get out to see some arts tonight! We'll be hitting up Harrison Center and Nutcracker
because that would suck
coming or no?
Morning!! Idk how its raining on the warmest day of the week smh...
follow me if you love justin i am a true belieber who loves justin from the begining till the end Please follow me if justin makes u Smile
Bruins goal now lead 3to0 in the third
“: You either CHOOSE me or you LOSE me Because I'm not a second option.”
its always acting twitty?
Got a little too auto-pilot on conversations and missed out of some paragon points. Something I thought was helping me may have been hurting
Hate missing tonight's #sarampage game...but love following the updates via !! #FearTheSteer #ReadySetRampage !!!
But this actually came from me wanting to cover See You Again in a completely unironic manner, because RTT we played dat ALL DAY
hahaha he thinks the mirror one on photo booth is the funniest thing ever!
I have. I must be doing something wrong.
RT wtf no next joke pls beyonce is Wayy more better : selena has a better voice then beyonce and better acting skills then...."
Please contact us! info(at)airhollywood(dot)com
#USC is so good! The rest of the #Pac12 should just give up the 2012 season!
Tomorrow's post at Great American Wines: Should You Join a Wine Club? (Short Answer--YES!)
Most of the tweets I want to write are making fun of something somebody else just earnestly tweeted. But would people think I'm not nice? :(
How so? DFW & ATX passes went in less than ten minutes. HTX & SATX just went live two minutes ago.
If only... guess I'll have to settle for #texican tacos.
there's always powerball!
alex. I love you please reply to me!
I don't think of it as disrespect. Some people idolize him but he wasn't the best ever.
LOL good idea
I don't think you know that you are the light of my world and I'm the luckiest person to know you.
Do you even know what the last name Pevensie comes from?
completely understandable and apropos.
L.A. Proper with the cast from "Entourage" @ SHFT!
Sweet! Glad I could help.
shitttttttttttttttt wesssupppppppp!! let me know a time & date..lmfao
Just wanted to let you know that you are amazing. <3
Aw, congrats! XOXO
RT : Be wary of the limits of your habits. Ask yourself, how would I experience the world if I didn't have this habit?
Lol we would get a 6 pack of both hot dogs and beer if I was there hahha
haha with jake, you?
If you love your mama tweet me back
Flashing the boys is not cute, its very disrespectful and inappropriate.
I wonder if is up
dis song is nice
Electric eels can produce strong electric shocks of around 500 volts for both self defense and hunting. That's a darn strong stun gun!
I'll be heading for Emergency Room again!! WTF...!! I hate it but have too!!
Loved the robots in the pre-Easter show.
This revolves around the data provided from the search marketing results. Give me a call to discuss. 612.275.0943
Research on Data Acquisition and Transmission Technology in High ...
Don't FREAK out today is National I am In Control Day~ Fool the world today into thinking everything is gonna be alright!!!
Congratulations to our wonderful students on two great shows this week! So proud of you all.
so swag
oh there wasn't even a word for how excited I was.
Thanks for the follow! I've got a show @ Blu on 4/12 (8-midnight). Would love it if you spread the word. Thanks!
hey Trent! Heard you were an editor/filmmaker. What edit system do you have?
whaaaatttt lmao? Idk why I do but I do😳
i wanna be followed by (: #bigdream <21 i won't give up!
Thanks for the leads! Know anyone in SolarMosaic? Sounds like a perfect fit for me - I'm a huge proponent of #SolarPower !
I know, right? It's hard to remember. I'm a bit biased towards MLA, too. Fun fact: my relative wrote one of the handbooks.
Lmfao. Seriously, though... I don't even know what I'm tweeting anymore, these days.
No Church In The Wild
Just some family stuff... and the fact that giraffes went extinct in the Carmel Valley produce department
You know it ;)
A man surely should be allowed to take a glass of wine by his own fireside. Or by ours…
nope! :( just been snuggled up on the couch! :p hehe
BREAKING: Herman Cain may stop pretending he's running for President. via
Can't wait for the ball to drop.
The ONLY "Reality" TV is "live" sports. Nothing else comes close.
The 2012 Classroom of the Future winner in the state of Minnesota is...Rice Lake Elementary in Maple Grove!!
This time we in is really depressing,troublesome, and sad...what to do??? just keep your head up and move on...
haha that was the only good part of my night
Winner will be announced at 3 p.m. on Friday, so make sure to get your tweets in by then!
FOLLOW MY MAN FOR A INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMFOLLOWBACK NO LIE
Watching CONTAGION, courtesy of
mind your business
I had one too before and it's scary having to experience that.
heard last night was a huge success. congrats!
Shut it down down down
you got a big head man.. but you're cute so its good
u wish .gags
Thanks for coming in! We hope to see you back soon!
Ah... San Diego. Sunshine and ocean breezes. Yeah.
so did i
go to make my cake in harlem, new york city on 116th street best cake in the world if you must have cake
literally the minute I get home you're coming over and we're playing #skywardsword til the sun comes up. PARTY DON'T STOP
That's great! RT : I love the only way I get my omega 3s!
HULK SMASH!
