House music is the answer! Friday 05.04.12
Dont ever say that you want to give up, because at that moment all could cease for you!
David Coria is like a bull fighter en compas on stage!
friends- what r we, chopped liver? Nah, have fun, enjoy it. don't get alt. sickness and have a #newbelgium Fat Tire for me.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand : When people talk about you behind your back
how did the Speakeasy go?
- Love and peace to you too.
RT opens tonight at 6pm and we are excited to have coming at 10pm to feed the masses.Come see us tonight!
If I spell a word wrong... 10 times out of 9 I did it on purpose.. I have an Iphone and a MacBook, they both have auto correct...
I've been on tour tbh
HERE WE GO BREWERS HERE WE GO!!!!!!!
Never forget, God loves all his children including those sinners who have offended Him. Beg for mercy for each and every one of you.
which zoo?
Marriott this year
Happy i passed
was here this morning catching all the set up action! Many volunteers getting ready for
Yay! That's a perfect afternoon + evening! That's how I want my tomorrow to turn out!
We have the same brands dt...just not Philosophy yet...I will show you Monday
we have to account for both the new and old ways black women are marginalized. new contexts, new questions.
Such a pleasure to talk to folk fired up and ready to go out to talk about Presiden Obama's values and accomplishments..
bahahahhaaha me too...that pigface is creepy as hell
Working hard on dinner. Tribute Book has gone to the printer. Arranging for the reunion. Mary has not seen Egle or Aurimas since 1945.
Speaking for all normal guys. Even the married ones. That was exciting.
I like to party, so I like my Jesus to party
idk if i'll be able to sleep tonight :(
Light snow beginning to fall at on Milwaukee's south side.
In less than 13 hours my premies Jackson & Campbell will be joining me as we March For Babies. Can't wait! (There's still time to donate.)
They were giving you time to work on your book!!
Thanks for the RT, Mark!
Another example of Politics and the Arts not working together...
The McRib is back... every time I see an ad for it I want to vomit. Just get rid of this please.
d best thang u can do is unfollow me an i fucking meen it
Did I miss the Paris discussion?
leave your number in my inbox
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. - Robert Byrne
#Mets90sBands is trending right now, and it's hilarious.
is it Cooper or Ventura that isn't handling the pitchers properly
It damn sure did... RT : FATabul0us_Lola it caught your attention didn't it lol
kljalkjglajgklajs lolol i just saw u put my song on here!!!!! Could it be U!!! Yeah!!!
We are shredding soon!
lol dont be mad at me cause I didnt have to say my speech today. lol and what was yo excuse for not being in class today??
American Girls are foreign & exotic, just not in America.
do I ever! Lost my sh!t on many an occassion watching that!
And of that 1%, probably 1% are big ol' hits. If you do the maths, that's pretty meager.
this is my last full week of high school EVER... I'm so fucking excited! 26 DAYS UNTIL GRADUATION!
what the hell? Is there an epidemic of people wiping their asses with phones?
Hi Molly - UVA library is great and the people are the best part! Glad you are on board. Wish we'd been there together!
#3WordsForYou ..... You Are Awesome
I'll be participating in the New Author Challenge. It's one of my favorites every year!
just remember you are cheating on me too!
if only life came with a ◄◄ REW ► PLAY ▌▌PAUSE █▌STOP ►► FF
Word to the wise bring swim suit to go swimming
3 power plays in the period and no goals...
im bout to listen to gotti and watch da playoffs
that's nice. Sound like u had a good time. It was hot today. So what school u go to?
Ready for lunch. This next hour and a half may kill me!
My friend just threw a cat. Or should I say... my EX friend.
Cyanide and Happiness are funny af
"networks" and "net work" definitely seem to be the trending topic in Knowledge Management
Liar? "I've got to take a break, to be honest. I'm not even going to lie. " - Puff Daddy
Keeping friends close &&d enemies closer!
You have my word.
Heats<<<<<<< horrible night
What to Do about Our Growing eWaste?
First person to spot a #FoodGenius t-shirt at and post a photo of it on our wall will get their very own.
This is MAJOR! TEDxHarlem reduced price to $20 & moved event 2 Riverside Church. 3/27- now available 2 all!
I need a photo blown up to poster size....where should i go besides kinkos?!
"You stay the same thru the ages. Your love never changes. There may be pain in the night but joy comes in the morning."
If She Stays With You When Your In The Slumps And Stays With You No Matter What Bullshit You Do The Shes a Keeper,Cherish Her
kase got a twitter?
Im about to go downstairs & see wasssssup
haha I know right
Followed!!!!:D
sorry. I mean--I hate being a nuisance, though admittedly I do get charged with it sometimes.
i'm about to go up up & away.
Need a turkey platter, gravy boat, serving bowl, or more wine glasses? Watts is open until 4 today for your last minute Thanksgiving needs.
GOD BLESS ONLINE RADIO!!! Listening to on =)
I shall. ^-^ I'm not much of a Twitter person but I'll try to be on more often to talk to you. :)
#ironic that I'm at a library this afternoon since I'm at the Library five days a week
Welcome #literary friends
like more unlicensed spectrum? Or more e-rate funds for connections?
impromptu girlfriend party at my place. I have wine beer tequila and some sort of Mexican fajita thing I just made up
Can't think about anything else.
In addition to our Chocolate Dipped Strawberry, we have a NEW TUESDAY FLAVOR! Come try out our Chocolate Banana cupcake!
hahahahaha sorry but holy hell good luck haha": Finally on Round 3 #NFLdraft #Raiders"
we hope it doesn't know anything...
Wait a minute...According to Philadelphia, the Penguins are the dirty players... Not today..
I am creating three infographic resumes and preparing for a Pre-K astronomy presentation
What if we used to be able to make wishes but then someone wished we couldn't?
...cause I don't speak Spanish all that well, I'm outta cash and I'm drunk as hell
#CLOelite taught me a lot today. Will be implementing "Try This, Learning in Action." THANKS!
good article. I'm still rooting for A.I. too. I hope he gets his life together.
It's hard being on this trip with the guy i love to death, and the girl holding us back.
OMG I can't with these switched personalities on glee!!! TOO FUNNY!! HAHAH 
Thanks for the link - looks like it was a great day with excellent content.
for men: The thick horizontal stripe on shirts going across your chest was cool in the late 90s. This is 2012.
At mcMULLENS, with one of my best friends who's visiting from Oregon!
I'm so bad at homework.
thanks so much for your presentation to UW emba class today!!!!
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling. - Margaret B. Runbeck
A5) We are not created to mindlessly work in cubicles, offices, cash registers, & loading docks as slaves to bills then die.
. introspection is not even very good for analysing oneself. It is good for rationalizing.
I feel so uplifted!!
thanks girl (: you looked so pretty! I loved your dress.
I know!! :D i don't even know how i got them i'm #surprised too...
Congratulations, Chris! Looking forward to seeing what comes next...
Boooriiing.. ring... ring... hello? (i've lost it..)
Thanks a lot!
Well gee ... the obvious response to that ?? would be #whatonearthwouldwebarterwith?
NERDFIGHTER LLAMA LIKE
Does anyone have a favorite inn/B&B along the Bourbon Trail? Need to book our room for Memorial Day weekend as it's getting close!
Discussing consistency in functionality among activities, consistency is really important for us higher ed folks
Quick replacement of the cork on the '04 #Rivola Abadia Retuerta Sardon de Duero kept it from falling apart like our last did - 1 btl left!
your super hot, fire hot.<3(;
me either.
Fresh black T on...
Our iPad 2 winner from the Home & Garden Show will be announced April 27th on Facebook and Google+! Check back soon to see if you won!
let u fuckin bitchez bout a pimp name c..i aint payin for da pussy an my dick aint free
Thanks for the like, Jessica Acevedo!
I want to be a real life superhero... Just not sure who I will be.
Sure. I'm at a hotel near airport. Would be taking cab in. How long is the trip?
please help me get more followers so twitter will allow me to follow more then 2000 people
Teens (12-17), could you have survived The Hunger Games? Join us tomorrow @ 4pm @ Malcolm Lib for yummy popcorn & fun book/movie discussion.
Thanks for following.
haha yeah, but my girlfriend and I pick up our new boxer puppy in a few weeks so soon I'll feel your pain!
"If you can dream it you can do it." Walt Disney
armor assembled as crest, drunken fist at wrest, prophetic dream manifest
In wake of 9/11 ann. Another must watch movie is "Man on Wire." Can't help relating the two events even though filmmaker never does.
This week, is featuring a German Chocolate cupcake! YUM!!! Hurry to 41 W. 5th Street to get one!
i leave twitter for 5 minutes and i came back to 150 new tweets.
Happy Fathers day!
Guess that's all the questions.
get you a new designer.
then this nigga just farted loud as fuck....uhg
"A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away." - Bil Keane
to check up on u
I'm done
I've been drinking tea like it's my job lately. Thankfully it's just down the road from my apt.
Not tired
I had the chocolate vodka cake!!! can you say YUM!
I just started it this morning, bought it at the Nashville airport and I'm about halfway done already! I can't put it down.
BVU meeting on school/business partnerships.
Come join me at Hiawatha I would really enjoy getting to know you and learning about your company. Thrive lunch 3/22/12 @ 11am
Today is one of those "hurry up and wait" kind of days...
did you ever get to come to a UK game?
We hope the #LTDArmy has a fantastic 2012!
i thought we were past that...
Company Profile for Axis Communications
Thanks for the mention!
Wow, this social media stuff is amazing!
Former Time n Meredith CEO, Jack Griffin talking at ABM conference, says b2b media tends to b more innovative than consumer
Congratulations on the new job! =D
We've hosted hundreds. Always down for the cause. Hit us up @ 212-593-4321 Thanks!!!
We want BritneyOnXFactor
Daly Double IPA and Alpenglo, Founders Imperial Stout and Three Floyds Aotearoa now on draft
Not sure why this call this place an outlet mall if there's not a single one available to plug my recently purchased Juice Tiger into.
cool. Will do.
I just don't understand why I was made a part of this hahah
Last few days of shooting gonna miss the crew and all wonderful people I've met :(
Trivia fodder!
Yay!! Me!! I won!!! Very nice event Elmbrook H. S. !! Thank you!
Happy Birthday to the best person in the world Courtney Holland i love u
don't say stuff like that.
Finally in bed. Today seemed like a 36 hour time block.
15 million people love including me! #TishaLewis now on
looking forward to your tweets! "Education of TEA One Sip at a TIME!"
RAINING!?! What the heck
This is interesting--what do you think you need to know that you haven't learned yet?
she's very reliable! Unless also naked, drunk and in a police cell.
growing up sucks
#ADP Run Certification - #training complete - Download this fantastic application today!
I just want this $100 bike at Walmart. I've been there every day and something goes wrong. Is it a bad idea to just buy the display and run?
A L L the popular kids at school give me dirty looks.....
KINDA?! what the hell! haha
will do. talk to you tomorrow.
Hitting the road back to DC. New York, I love you, but it will never be more than a one-night stand. W/
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier
haha. It's crazy though, everyone is pregnant!
Don't come and go, just like the others.
#bankofamerica im breaking up with you
Hm what game to play?
LMFAO!!!!! Yo, we gotta do that again! we were straight wildin out! You had the ol slanty eyes going on
Thank you!!!
Can I just live with my mom in Florida..please
So pissèd, i can't even remember my first name
The less you open your heart to others, the more your heart suffers.
Free styling..
The count down BITCH
“If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you are strong enough to get up.”
BIG NEWS IS ADDED TO THE FEB. TEEN HOOT !
Salsa St. Patricks Day Party Tonight at Club Irie! Dance Lesson Starts Arond 8pm!
*guys *girls RT : Girls just love to play wit a mans feelings
Traffic is so eww...glad I left early, almost to midtown for my first appointment
#whatmakesyoubeautiful Everything that makes you different from the rest.
Good job :) keep it up RT : Passed both those classes with B's low-key one should of been a A but I'm not trippin.
Dar la cara (literal: to give the face) Meaning: To face the circumstances
Feeling like I should publish something before going up for permanent status at the end of the summer. What should I write about?
my ankel still hurts will beadle good night sleep well and ima about rest take nap
A couple glasses of wine, but no dinner yet... Yeah, my cheeks are a bit warm lol
I follow what your sayin you ain't got to twitter shit
RT Florida, you need to know that America is watching you right now. You need to take action. NOW.
You could make "fetch" happen.
Less Rain-More Snow Please!
Their algorithms are crap. Surely I am more than a "bit" of a douche? Very disappointing.
RT : Happiness keeps you sweet. Trials keep you strong. Sorrows keep you human. Failures keep you humble. GOD, keeps you going!
#HappybdaymommaJ Thank God that he created the three most wonderful boys in the world!! May The Lord bless you on this wonderful day
Moment of truth time
#Rubio on #Hannity "I think ANY of the Candidates are better than what we have now"- Need he say more?? I think not!
About to take a quick nap then get back to work
anyone want some Jaded Chain downloads?
Friday the 13th who being sneaky?
i thought i'd never see that picture again!
yea their bomb too but he be stingy
I'm in opposite boat from a community college view, "It's cheap as hell but has extremely high value contrary to belief"
5 lap salute to Dan Wheldon. :-( so sad. RIP Dan Wheldon.
tattoo contest at secret gentlemens club tonight! girls come down and win some CASH money!!! 10pm las vegas
I only have one thing to say... Anchor Man 2!!!!!
Awww Love you's
This what you call freak weather gotta let that booty breathe
Ah fell into the door! I'm turning into jackson lol :P
Well..I'd add in be honest to yourself and others too lol :) but agree.
It was definitely magical. My favorite line was "I wonder what my purpose is."
lol no way
Congrats Robinson cano on home run Derby .... he's ridiculous
you can come drink with me if you want. lol. i got some trees too.
All you are missing is a lobotomy and a gender reassignment. Then you will be a truly enlightened mythical creature.
I can promise you if it happens again, I won't be nice this time.
I would like to push one over and create a domino effect.
sorry if i hurt you . and sorry if i let you hurt me.
Failed a math test
Ah! The piggie!
hey Mark! just pinging you to check your email :) just dropped you a message!
Looks like the Bulls are toast. Geez, what a horrible turn around for that team. Fun to watch the young Sixers move on though.
So Yesterday, we won BEST TASTE for TASTE of New Albany 2011! That's pretty good right?
Just wish you knew how I felt because you just start to ignore me again </3 :'(
Hey you're Welcome ..!!
can't wait to be a part of the Snowballs Film Fest this june!!
I bet my tweets have vibrated a bigger hole in the crotch of your panties.
Share the love for Honk Fest West (official page): like this page and share it with everyone you know in the Pac NW. HONK! loud.
Downtown has so many amazing places for all styles! MT : Q1. Which Chicago neighborhood is your favorite to shop in?
thank you
I don't know much about this #Kony guy, but facebook should probably make a 'dislike' button for him.
L and a S was down with Pooh!
Looking for a great Hoffmann for our March 2 show. Have any ideas?
but your music sure is
Lower right ab (if that makes sense).
thank you!!
I wish I wasn't working today so I could spend my Easter with my loved ones :/
what have you been up to!?:)
hey!! thx for inviting me to NuBook. How the heck are ya!?
Louisville = Big East Softball Champions
Bacardi mojito is the right thing to drink ;) <3
please be reasonable and nice. That's all I'm asking for, nice and try
tnx for the follow. Do you offer any programming classes in Huttese?
have to get a couple of index card booklets before I start my storyboards so I can be more organized with it. I will also work much faster.
PEOPLE ARE SO IGNORANT!!!!! -____________-
#Brewers All damn day
CONGRATS PLAGUE!
OMG sure heck from the middle is gonna ask for a concert ticket on the show wednesday(: ahh i better go buy some popcorn<3 ily
I,m allways looking for better "tone", I have found that it lives in the hands of the player! so play with zeal+ intensity!
see you soon!
What do you call a woman with one leg? - Ilene
there are two colours in my head
Okay I can go to sleep now.
lol. Actually the first vet that came to mind was.....AJ. Lol (not our problem anymore)
They're playing Breathe Carolina on 90210. Oh bby.
Exactly RT : I vote for the team photo #12 and #56 stand next to one another
saw ya on the news :D yay!
lol its all good
Beyond Redemption's cast: Lily Rabe, Lisa Gay Hamilton, Jake Weber and Hamish Linklater
Is the latest 'Bill And Ted's script by the screenwriters of the orig? I believe they were 2 USC students?
Loving all the people in my life
Alumna Bernadette Torres was just accepted to KC's art council. Thanks to Michael Claeys () for the tip!
Working fire in Greenfield. Sounds like they are upgrading to a box alarm. 3060 w American dr.
One trick I use that sort of helps me w/ that is to tell myself the butterflies are excitement instead of nervousness. Seems to work.
Lmao too funny! You go! RT Ava is my daughter and I could give a fuck that I do not know how to spell Justin Bieber's name
thanks for the follow!
Minneapolis - we're on our way to you....Tonight at Club Underground!
Summer 6 week Meisner program starts tomorrow!
Not a bad guess-all in all.
RT I wave Luke's hand in the air like I just don't care #StarWars <-HAHAHAHA!!!!
love it!!
lol you're stupid
thanks for endangering my life and making me feel like a 2nd class citizen right now
why wouldn't you be able to?
Thank you! Much appreciated.
#LTBroadcasts "President Hoover's Administration has made it clear that countries that owe the US money will be expected to pay" (5/2/31)
Am i ever gonna get any luck this year?
Just drove by a garage sale and saw 5 cat travel cages as items for sale. That may be a good indication to keep driving.
Every day we ignore protecting our children from sexual abuse, the greater the chance we lose them later on to suicide.
I think Cozart is a witch
If life was an anime show my nose would be bleeding half the time I'm at school
That #heat loss felt like a #bulls win. Anybody want to host Bullscast?
What else can I do?
You're proof that the hard work pays off! You know, top 10 album on Billboard and all... : )
RT : I just drove through the snow to fly to a desert city where it's 91 degrees outside so I can watch a game played on ice.
gonna spend the day hangin out with the fam..maybe include the lake
the joke??
As long as it works for you! I'm seriously thinking about picking up some turkey slices after work...:)
Relish wins! #O's
Chillin in Bali: singing @ a superhip hotel, sitting in with the New York Voices, having a drink by the pool.. Yeah!
A while back someone started a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds to purchase Kickstarter. :)
Is it wrong for me to want to punch someone else's kid? Little girl keeps smacking my kid in the pool. Her dad is smirking...
#WorstRapLineEver "Look at me I can rhyme, oh my gosh I can do this all the time."
I'm so jealous of you right now!! Miss you
Im ready for friday to end and the weekend to come.
Real talk!! RT ": Never plan a future with someone that has no future plans for themselves."
you guys should start flower shop.
Sitting in Qdoba with my crazy ass friend lol
Happy birthday babyy ! you changed both of our lifes so much , were so proud of u congrats <3
so what ya think?
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
« Taking one step at a time.»
Thanks! Good to know. MT enjoyed your article, but I believe term "Haterade" came from 90's Hip Hop Culture.
#fbadvocacy Jules from DCI talking abt social gaming in advocacy
hell yes she is
Gladly. BTW, I'm already drinking ...
I always do
It's not good when you go to school and you forgot your pencil. I had two so I shared.
Lolololol did we seriously just have to take a love survey?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! God damn this whole night has been a huge disappointment.
If you refuse to argue, you automatically win the argument .
Happy 52nd birthday to the best momma a boy could ever ask for! Love you!
well where Im from its a sign of respect not age :)
Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. – Theodore Roosevelt
SUNIFY PLAYLIST #8: Country Music for Non-Country Music Fans
#WordPress #Tools AuthorHighlight – Highlights comments by the blog’s author.
Good morning :)
Nice meeting you!
Sounds like someone's itching to write a fanfic…
Monday off day = first lunch eating in the servery all semester
I will count that "favorite" as sympathy for my dilemma. hehe
When im last on the bus and dont have a seat <
Lame niggahs be quit
RIP to half of the Memphis Horns #AndrewLove responsible for sounds of Otis Retting (Think JayZ/Kanye - Otis), Aretha Franklin, U2.
now I'll never eat there again
boom boom boom
#TweetOfTheDay if its not broken, brake it
u watching la vs. Okc?
#NINJAGAIDEN3 The game is an abomination before the baby Jesus.
I know how to bring his hidden gifts to the surface and I feel it's my responsibility to do so!
Happy Holidays! Rehearsals start back up on Wednesday January 4th, 2012
Thanks for the #FF love !
Went to Fish NiGhT!
Congratulations on your health care USA .
via - Toronto Raptors Think Of Really Good Comeback 10 Minutes After Losing Game
There appears to be a fair number of empty seats on club level at Pacers game as well tonight.
Same here doll!! It's going to be a BLAST!
Glad Doo is home. Miss that little poop when he's with dad. He was a Skeleton Zombie Pirate for Halloween. Waiting 4 pics. Have a good week!
RT : RT : ★♥♥R∈TW∈∈T♥♥★ -> IF YOU FOLLOW me♥ I'LL SHOUT YOU OUT♥ #TEAMFOLLOWBACK ♥-> and give me a shoutout ♥♥
how's the snow? Looks like it's gonna seriously dump on you
Heading to Everest in April. Get fun facts about the adventure updated daily at With Eric West on facebook.
oh well .. lol
alien space technology?!?!?
Money is on my mind...
I was singin that shit all day
sure! Just give us a heads up which game you will be at & we will have it at the cyclones booth behind section 137
This is one of the best known free gift card offers around and please read the fine print but yes, it is the real thing
How'd you sleep? :)
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😍
haha I laughed when I saw that too. But thank you! I hope I do too before I go crazy lol
Two course lunch: Campbell's Chunky Chili/Saltines, now Carmine's leftovers
S/o to Zombieland
Shack now planning events and working hard! Hit it up. Great food drinks and gaming!
That sucks! I guess a better camera IS the better idea. I would do more vlogs once I have more to say than just rants.
Champions keep playing until they get it right. Billie Jean King
U.S. airlines cancel flights as winter storm bears down
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou Pussy, ass, & a boatload of cash!
Last question: when you say make does that mean they grow the grapes there too or just import grapes and make wine?
These classes are horrible
Thanks! RT : rooting for from buffalo!!! lets go boys!!!
Eating dinner at 10PM and missed ballet again. Feel like I'm going to be struck by lightening for my bad habits. Oh the guilt
Just Saw Falling In Reverse. And Wow! They Were Amazing..It Was A Dream Come True Seeing Play Live Tonight..<333
oh most definitively. on youtube they have over 20+ tracks
Grievis Vasquez at Comcast Center tonight. Must be a slow weekend in Memphis.Or Caracas.
I'm gonna go ahead & claim victory for my Lakers & shut it down!!
hilarious! MT : ...we accidentally closed the lid on an 18th century traveling library + couldn't get it open again
with a little umbrella? and maybe a snack. i'd also like a snack. something chocolate.
you guys playing on Tuesday at the renaissance?
and at the designated moment, golden and sublime, One crystal dream at a time, unwind and climb inside yourself...
AND THE REST OF YALL
First rehearsal is in the morning, actually. Good times await!
Back to Nashville today!!!
I'm getting good vibes for today
I'm so excited to learn proper Spanish!!!
When they originally shot Star Wars, they used number 2 pencils instead of light sabers.
funny... Same here. Tattoo party!
#YouKnowYouraWhoreWhen........ your 12 and having sex
Excited to share and am honored to say that I am a PRSA Bronze Anvil recipient.
#20factsaboutme 20) I am very picky about my Starbucks! Carmel Mocha Frappacino, Extra Caramel Drizzle and No Whip! :)
": Star Wars in 3D!! #ifyouknowmeyouknow I'm a secret nerd #maytheforcebewithyou" and also with you!
Archipac truth: If you are not at the table, you are on the menu! #aia2012 We must speak up for the NEEd of architects!
Haha okay, must have great teeth!
African Educational Charity World Teacher Aid to Benefit from a... A company that helps average Americans earn money through internet mar
I had alot of crooks tryna steal yo heart!
HAVE WE FINISHED OUR HISTORY ASSIGNMENT!?
Besides watching paint dry are there many things more boring than watching Joe Johnson dribble for18 seconds then hoisting up a shot??
Smh at the shit that some people will do just to get some attention.
#jhuAAM getting close to story telling time with moth!
haha if my name is all you got on me , just hush cuz i know my name i made it dumbass ! , you guys just crack
ScanStation C10 Laser Failure. Anyone else having this issue?
Thanks, Cyndy! I hope your day is going well. :)
My back needs to be cracked. Pop it for me?
my set time is 2:45 am
damn u look good!!!
Just orgasm'd after watching the rough cut of our music video.....
Hey my friend thinks your account is fake and i tell her its not what do i do??
who won?
Are you still trying to craft an excuse to buy a tablet but don’t know when you’d use it? Read on to see when people use their mobile...
Stop. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath. In and Out. Repeat.
There's something about seeing dogs rolling around on their backs that always makes me smile.
I was set to have pancakes fror breakfast till just found out it National Pancake Day and now I'm having eggs. LOL "Just the way I am"
we miss you too cuz,It was fun having you over the weekend most esp.at the theater we were laughing so hard,haha!!:)
If you're looking for VIP to the hottest clubs in #Vegas DM US!
Just locked myself out.
oh now that sounds scary! haha
3~N~1 PARTY PROMOTERS ALWAYS ON TOP!!!!! ALL WE DO IS "PROMOTE" WE ARE THE BEST AT WHAT WE DO......THERE IS NO STOPPING US.
Homeroom acted very responsibly through testing, I ran 3 miles yesterday, and my friend bought me a t-shirt
The Pixies is good stuff!
Just wanted to say I love you guys So much!!!!
If #LOVE is hard to find then you're off..God is Love and He will #DIRECT you to happiness. #SpeakingtheTruth!
sorry that didn't happen, but was a good time hangout with you all nice folks.
Nope! She's the newest addition to our household. Her mission: find ALL the cobwebs!
What is your Spark longing for today?
Obsessed with Instagram!
I miss Gerald Levert!!
Primary season is too long and not constructive, IMO
Who else thinks that people are upset about the Coach Joe story for the wrong reason. What about justice for the victims?
most interesting question in US Census Survey - "what time do you leave for work?" I guess to gauge need for alternative transportation?
Um hello you have to be up in four hours... why are YOU awake?!
Thanks for the follow. We're based in LA as well! Drop a line if you need anything.
More like 2 RT Jessica Simpson looks like she is going to pop out a full size adult.
My downsides of being clumsy, not ever playing football, and overall laziness might be too much to overlook for most teams
spring break u
thinking about it
The price of greatness is responsibility.
Your fans are getting out of hand in Seattle Adam!!! We almost witnessed a fight between some 50 yr old women!
you should come too!
“: ": Hello" hey beautiful”how r u
thanks for the RT. God Bless
Via : Consumer insight worth remembering: Consumers aren't in need of 1/4" drill bits, they're in need of 1/4" holes.
I'm leaving :'(
From a friend (): What's your 12-man Team USA roster?
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers. Aristotle
Hey! Can you follow me? I'm new on Twitter!
#TebowTime F off Big Ben go strike out with college girls in Ohio.
DO IT! RT : let's kick some ass, april.
THIS SATURDAY: Butterscotch Baby will be vending at the Indoor Urban Market held at on the 2nd flr atrium 10-3pm
Gearing up 4 #SMILEcon in Dallas Wed speakers include
I think they put those there so people won't notice them and walk around with it on there :0 sneaky people >.>
oh, I would love that but my trip is too quick this time. Alas.
does anyone have the lync or name of the video about jessie slaughter i cant find it
Drinking with and Franky and and other people (;
Ima never let a nigga or bitch disrespect my team.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i care but i don't make enough sense?
thanks for coming into !
I nicknamed my ass cheeks the left and right hemi-globin', respectively.
I now have 25 twitter followers!!!!!!!!!! YEAH!!!!
well hell send her out here, i'll change who she roots for lol
Little over a month!!!
Watching sporting kc in spanish haha
Appreciate, Cherish and be Grateful
I'm alone, and I hope she's unhappy just like me.
Oh gawd. The #Smallville theme. Whenever that comes on I turn the volume up to punish the wife.
Got some new beats.Holla at me.
I Swear, I just wanna #SMOKE to tha bullsh*T
Just picked up "A Thousand Splendid Suns" by Khaled Hosseini... can't wait! Anybody read it?... Thoughts?!...
Are you a badfish too?
I love your website, well done!
Made it to the windy city!
almost forgot, you need to watch the video on my Facebook from the prophet bar… especially Zech's drum solo… amazing…
not kosher, but you're not Jewish so you can eat him if you want.
Watched The Monsterball twice last night on HBO. never ceases to amaze me. X
Hahaha, yeah that is ridiculous!
like its mad at you for not practicing. Temperamental things, instruments.
Wooh RT : Pedroia: 'I really don't know what Bobby is trying to do but that's not the way we go about our stuff around here'
That's it. Quite a list, huh?
Had a lot of fun painting a corridor at the Health and Science school for #engage. Thanks, Sunset!
Is there a disease that makes you hungry every second of your life? Cause I have that.
Lololol i love you
same here but its friday woo!
So looking forward to our FREE FOR ALL FRIDAY SHOW tonight............6-8pst
After 12 years in the workforce, I'm now officially addicted to coffee. CRAP. I resisted for so long!
Well shit happens
do u have holy ghost speaking in tongues acts 238
diabetes making a turnaround - better blood sugars - must be the cinnamon on my morning oatmeal :-)
GUESS WHAT!!! is gonna be at SummerTime Ball, why don't you come along? It's in the UK!xx
Lazy lazy day
Watching movies in bio lab = nap time
and that's entertainment... or is it the power of marketing?
Amazing LesMiz performance yesterday. JMM as Jean Valjean is inspiring.
LOL..Thanks sis RT : Skype lessons with theory, chord voicing, ear training? You're so dope and innovative!! :)
Framing - the context affects the observations and decisions; maybe focusing too soon limits perception; multi-tasking is a myth
Come on down to the Heart of Indiana Run/Walk tomorrow! With spectacular finish at Celebration Plaza in White River State Park.
I will be providing you with more info tomorrow. do well by doing Good
House! Unless something changes before Tue, which is possible
you still got it on lock, keep doing your thing...
So pumped for the cider mill tomorrow!
All Black Everything!
Was there only 4 movies last year that were made??
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people today to say the secret word CRABS to the bartender and your first drink is free.
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, beer garden, live music, xl106.7, silent auction. March 31st Noon to 6pm. Oviedo Mall.
No. Eeyore however...
African Girls Are Cool...But Aggressive
Tomorrow Night: Cape First Worship and Jose Dugand at the Heartland Worship Institute.
"Hello ladies. Soup and salad?! That's all!?" "No, we're splitting spagetti." "That's good. You two enjoy your weekend,"
I'm tryna tell u!
Thursday Jam! $1 Old Mil $3 Powers Shots $5 Stoli Tall Cocktails - Be Here Now!
“: “ #NBAPlayoff #MFFL” Nuggets!” don't make me hurt you. War is on.” I'm coming at you with the Koala bear hug 😳
aww I'm sorry. :( anything I can do to help?
oh Grey's Anatomy. Get your tissues if you haven't seen it yet.
TRADE DELMON YOUNG FOR A BAG OF PEANUTS
Why would I pretend not to know such a thing?
saw an eagle catching vents south of Southridge. I hope this is a harbinger of good things for me.
Sitcom rules: if appearing via web chat w/ a group of people, look around as if your computer was made of cardboard... and u were inside it.
thanks Lori! That chat was awesome, look forward to the next one. Cheers!
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can be only forgiven, Not forgotten
happy mothers day to all you mommas mommas mommas
hey i'm at school sorry! Haha &its ok :p text me from your ipod. :D or just tweet me
That is not how that game should've ended.
in about an hour hopefully
This is when a mobile hotspot comes in handy.
Always feel free to email with any questions you have. Hopefully that meathead can answer them.
DiverseWorks is looking for volunteers to help w/ painting & prep work for the gallery. Contact Jon at if you can help.
No, but I could possibly arrive Friday and leave Sunday, just to meet some folks.
You have trapped him in a sexual spell.. but i respect that.! LMFAO xD
Private Practice has me and my mom bawling.
Just about done with this working in the evenings and on the weekends crap.
Happy Birthday Bobby from Jim and Mari Carswell!
Great article reminds me of "Positioning" by Al Ries and Jack Trout...we can't be all things to all people...focus, focus, focus!...
I love YOU
That last sequence should be in Rondo's HOF highlight reel. Incredible.
Just tried catching me some river monsters!!
At the dentist! Ahh!
In most cases, people want to network with you not because of your talents but because of your connections
They need to adapt to new tech to survive RT : Ok this is what he means: Newspaper, Magazine and TV sales are down.
Herman Melville~ We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibres connect us with our fellow men.
Never go to the second location with time-traveling #Alcatraz escapees.
Yep it's 6:10am, I'm awake and ready to get this day over with. Why the rush? Because I'm performing tonight 7pm with L&G!!!!!!!!!!!
What to do, what to do.... Patio is a must:)
you're going to have beat some bitches please
Also, just to throw this out there. I really like the new Kettle Chips commercials. "They Love Them"
Practiced some double-bass today and remembered why I gravitated towards jazz instead of speed metal.
Ring-sitting with on the way to wedding rehearsal
i was under the impression that he knew his show was getting cancelled soon from crap ratings, so he spoke freely on his last days
The eye of the liger...
We’re always looking for ways to improve the enrollment process, contact with any suggestions!
Big idea 9: Mifflin Area Reenergized: include a midblock 'urban lane'. Adding dwelling units.
I gave it up in December 2009 when I moved into my own place, I have not had it since and do not miss it at all!
the possibilities are endless!
Thanks for sharing! :)
Delegations have ended for tonight's Board Meeting.
(AP) -- "The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening reveals the Springfield in Oregon as the basis for the hometown of his characters.
Well, let them line up someone else! :)
“: I don't wanna break my $100 bill. #firstworldpains” THIS
my face arms and feet are dark.. But my kegs are so white
the crossover front pant: cross between a skort and harem pants... anyone know the fashion term for this silhouette?
More exciting is that my panel is the warm-up act for a keynote by 9th Circuit Chief Judge Alex Kozinski.
Rondo 1st with trip doub after missing prev game
Coming thew Laurel..
How I started? A skin care line. My grandson added: All Natural. 3 years ago, research began, beautysnatural.com was born, then tested.
I dunno... can't I be a "custodian of things" *and* a "purveyor of concepts?" I like both.
o i am sorry what happened :\
ya well ur house is so huge I would lock myself in my bathroom hahaha
For years I've heard that I'm so mature but I'm really just a kid. I never asked to grow up and lose my innocence so soon
Yes, is a wealth of information (esp. about Twitter) and a master curator in my book! :)
: love hanging w geek squad at #aasl11 Learning Commons with Woot!
#20thingsaboutme I think I have ADD...
when you get dress you gotta try on like 5 different outfits before you say okay this is the one..
30 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
I was in love but fuck it.
You easily forget, so you have to try hard to remember.
Planting my wisdom tree at www.iwise.com/dangerousbacon
In NBA heaven. Good series for Bulls - Celtics!
good morning miz
TRUTH RT : More than a little disturbed by notion that the US military should be institutional model for the rest of society.
#thebachelorette Wow! Some of these guys are really creepy..
thank you. The support has made all the difference, and I'm so grateful.
Everyone wants someone that completes them or at least someone who can temporarily fill that void #life????
I don't even wanna see my anatomy grade
The difference between those who change the world & those who don't is that those who do believe they can.
No more Ms Benz ;) Julie's now Mrs. Orosco o.O
so i was listening to dead man's bones while shaving my legs....bad idea, i kept getting goosebumps lol
for sure man (:
no I mean crying when you get tatted lol of course it does more painful than a tatoo
that sucks! I was in the hospital for a few days after they removed it. Their testing is awful, at least it was at Swedish. Hugs!
Slingin' joe at Lucky's Cafe from 12-5. Yes, I am living in the 1950's.
A glass can only spill what it contains.
The INDIANA STATE FAIR is in full swing! What is your favorite part of the fair? The animals? The rides? The concerts? OR - all that wacky..
I'm Watchin' Top 10 Plays & There's No Basketball Plays On The CountDown It's The Play-offs wtf is goin on?
He said, "Thats coo wit me thats what I want" ;)
Get this work night over with and first thing in the morning we are headed to NOLA can't wait
Hey guys! Help me get to 1000 views on youtube! We can do it! www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
Wow. What does that feel like? :)
Redesigning my website again. I know, it's a sickness.
The weather right now >
Q. Why did the stoner cross the street? A. His dealer lived on the other side.
Roll of Thunder, Wait 'Til I Get an Umbrella
couldn't find that one in English but ill be damned if that isnt better
And back to bed I go --> lucky bed
Congratulations to and on your key roles in leading the 3rd year Big 10 Pub A's to their first Championship!
Are you going to be in Chicago this summer?
I gotta holla at jen to finalize everything
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19  @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx1
he's lying.
RT : You must remain focused on your journey to greatness. – Les Brown
I CANT WAIT TIL IS IN INDIANA IN.JUNE
The Glory by Kanye West
Need help linking facebook BUSINESS page and 4squre. Do not want link to personal page. Help!!
4th & Washington, if you ever want the full experience!
Dear spikael, is it possible you could like go into a magical time macchine and come out 3 years older? Sincerly, yo favvv couga
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
What a lackluster game. On a sidenote, welcome back to Chicago Kyle Orton! Sorry about your finger bro... #BearDown2ndHalf?
Good looking out =]
bought 1D tickets the other day for next year and i didnt tell my mom i got them... surprisee!
Oldest daughter just discovered that Blue is a girl. It is blowing her mind.
Michael just tried to make me play his guitar aw I MISS HIM
I like how you text back
Damn just another friday night! My body hates me at this point
Just watched the first 2 episodes of Paul Reiser's new show on nbc.com. Those didn't actually get on the air did they? Awful.
Britney Spears is joining the X-factor, good luck that show's a loser !
DJ MIGGL at Chi-Cha tonight
i saw your video on worldstarhiphop.com. You r doing yo thang gurl!!!
Listening to baby music on the way to Anderson.....
#That LOOK you give your friends when someone ATTRACTIVE walks in the room. #IwantYou!
lol nothing much April how you been?
Since when did Baylor get so good in everything
Happy Hour 4-7pm, $2 Domestic Taps, $3 Rails & Thursday means Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a Pitcher, Get a Free Pizza!
is telling the truth! Many of my fam and friends r uncomfortable and I know preachers who will preach against this.
did you go to the North End?!?! That's where the pizza is
Wow!!! My Angels sign Pujols!!! Can we please get some starting pitching now?
just had all that! Ha.
One last hour...of The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show....it was a good run
All-Star game about to take a back seat to Kenny Powers
Giuseppe's Pizza in both Palm Springs and Cathedral City CA have come on board 10% off Do you have your Diversity Platinum card yet?
Had a good time in Sacamena last night seeing pals and Janet Dawson.
12 miles in weather that was not as warm as advertised. #runstreak day 114
Don't miss our exciting Calendar with casting directors from NBC L&O SVU, FX LIGHTS OUT & more at BTS. Limited seating on many of them.
I am all aus of tictacs, but the lavatory only sells CONdoms !!!
Millly Resort 2012 collection: classic ideas done very well. So chic!
Nothing much. Just jamming to my Whitney Houston/Michael Jackson Playlist while working on my web series show.
Had a most excellent meeting with , , last night! Great stuff coming for !
I wish.. but it'll all work out in the end.
I'm sure there are. Still -- two houses?
At a gallery earlier today I asked about printing my B&W photos on canvas. I then saw the new art at Cafe Fiore! Photographs on canvas.Nice!
In case anyone forgot about Jerry Meals, ROOT Sport just replayed his jagoff call. Yes, Jerry Meals, Pittsburgh still hates you
Knock knock... Who's there?... Orange... Orange who?... ORANGE I am wearing to church on Sunday because im a Starting Point Volunteer!!!
We're sending you positive energy for your job interview on Monday!
Damn this week is flying by. It's already hump day
I made it up. It actually wasn't my first idea. We were almost called Angry Red Stick, but thought it was too long
you always take naps
Magic booster draft in 30 minutes! $15.00 Come on down! Hope to see you there!
Please don't give me a lecture on responsibility again
whats good with it.
If someone calls you uncanny, it probably means you're a mutant..
-_- I Just Wasted All That Water. Now Im Mad
say it ain't so Miss Bee, say it ain't so.
Getting ready to party at the dragons layer nightclub I will be there spinning all the latest hits. So come party
Was just talking to someone about Zingerman's last night. :)
Getting a different perspective on the use of white in iOS design.
Ok, who shoull win The Voice?
World Book Day! I'm celebrating by writing and reading ... pretty much what I do every day, but today I'll do it with a bit more !!!
Debra, that is totally awesome--you deserve it!
That you have good taste. Obvi. And also that you want me to have as many nightmares as you will now have.
blew my mind today in our heated discussion about social meaning. I hope he stays in the field...
yea. I'm really sorry about that man. I didn't anticipate my roommates being so cheap. I'm gonna try to get Internet soon tho
Plant a tree on earth day <E> <O>
I wanna see this cartwheel when I get there lol
I'd kill for a mcmuffin! But these apple slices will have to do. Big workout today
By wearing Green today you're doing more. It's the color of Heart Energy, Growth, Potential & Mother Earth; celebrate it all #stpatricksday!
Nah, I'm not. I'm just the only one who realizes how Fi-ON you are. Be patient he's coming.
We'll always have our lobstery sunburned skin to remind us of this glorious weekend, Seattle (always = till Wednesday, then peeling)
TO ANY ENTREPRENEUR: "The better work men do is always under "Pressure" and at Great Personal Cost! BY W. Carlos Williams" ~ Go Xtreme~
Doing brief research to catalog a photo & discovered that until 1950 7Up contained lithium. Guess that's where the "Up" came from?
ben: "stop crying. your going to make me cry and i cant cry at a fashion show."
I LOVED IT!<3
Economic development? Start dev with cityscaping from Henderson and Day. Wilde is about jobs but unclear plan.
Always do what you are afraid to do. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Q4 Survival has always been popular (ex. The Giver, The Hatchet, Island of the Blue Dolphins). The genre has grown in past yrs.
The choir looks bored
Movie recommendation is Justin Long in "Jeepers Creepers"
you that looks good because I am full as a tick fresh off a dog & I would still eat that right here, right now.
that just makes my skin crawl.
My dog is trying to catch a fly..
Yeah, it was great to see you again, IRL. It's been a while!
so the ice cream turned out really tasty, but I realized this morning that it didn't include any ginger!?!?!
#Spotted: zipping across the quad in a scooter
*Attn* Send request to book / Francoise for venues, events, songwriting, hooks- available nationwide bookingfrancoise
Gary Indiana. So solid
what's the SnapBack Of Choice today?
Lookin like it might be a white christmas in Chicago
I said all along that City would bottle it and Utd would win the title again. It was in their hands and they are falling like so many others
Take me from everything i couldnt leave
whered you hear that
#alleyboy needs to go a little harder ...
Hawthorne Burgerville is currently hiring hourly team members...if your interested come by and fill out an app.......
who is your boy Oscar gonna pick today to win the game?
Today, a couple lovebugs fell down my shirt.. one got stuck between my boobs.. they died. The other made it out alive.
I CAN DO IT LIKE A BROTHAAA, DO IT LIKE A DUDE, GRAB MY CROTCH, WEAR MY HAT LOW LIKE YOU.
Making friends over STUPID boys >>> #GoodFeeling I'd rather have a friend for a long time, then a fling for a week!
follow me<3
Super Excited about TONITE - - Own On Deck. #GoodTimes Ladies!
That's a remarkable anecdote, David. Nice you had the chance to meet Ogilvy IRL
I love greyhounds & whippets as much as I love pitbulls. If I didn't have three pit mixes already, I'd have another whippet.
A lot of people have been saying that doesn't come out and greet fans after shows! Ask him why please? :)
please please please tweet me back it would make my night your amazing and adorable so please notice me <33333
breeze - quiet - cats chillin - "Songbook" - now birdsong - catching up w;/ tweeps - doing what I do - whatever I do today -
Got tickets to see #neversaynever3D tomorrow!!!!
Best show i seen in a long time!!--> SOUTH BEACH TOW #OMG!
OMG he died?
right, cuz I would of took my person with me when I left the table!
Haha, it's not really a thing :). But maybe it should be... I think a Kickstarter project is in order.
so, THOMAS THE WANK ENGINE, is trending, i bet hes a friend of seamon staines! ahh the captain pugwash character that never was!
you aren't following me so I can't DM you back but sent you an email yesterday did you receive it?
always #TrustYourCrazyIdeas RT“: I hope the big ideas I'm coming up with can be a part of everything yal do!”
hahaa aai Cameron well what color do you like . ? O.o
Some people laugh at my jokes but I laugh loudest. I wonder if this means I think I'm funnier than I am or I just have a loud laugh
11 more hours and
Dear #occupy movement: Way to build credibility, morons.
Provide more = expect more for us & our patrons
Got respect for Dave Fleming flat out saying the runner was out.
If I don't wake up. I want to be cremated. ashes spread with my grandparents, and then snorted by those who truly loved me
Aw You Sure Did :D Thanks Ava !
fukin mr. b want my ass on twitter huh lol
I feel incredibly lucky to have such amazing friends (siblings included).
We're growing everyday! & you can get some coffee via LevelUp at Deli and Cucina Liberta :)
it was a woman...
Holyshit Grey's Anatomy?
Attending the conference call with the Louisville chapter at Sullivan college-how do we get from today to where we need 2 b
Thanks for mentions and RTs
Took my parents to the park today, it's all about quality time.
“: Playoff Basketball ... Nothing quite like it”<<u see OKC killing?
oh goody! Much happier now ? Yes let's schedule a date! Let me know ur budget
I think your brother was in my class.
I didn't have a ride ....
Gotta love the way the youngsters in chicago dance. W that bounce. My city got soo much
you should check out/register with if you havent!
& THAT is how you do a superhero movie! The best one ever, your move Nolan & Webb!
Come hang out with us this Sunday at Galleria Mall in Houston, then afterwards a sweet show at Fitzgeralds in downtown htown :)
This is USA healthcare: A "doctor assistant" says foot not broken BEFORE he looks at foot or asks where it hurts, he SAID he looked at xray.
It's the sordid fanfic-writing past, I think..
"I still have your underwear." "Well I still have your virginity. "
I just LOL'ed
k, I hope youre right
thx for the #FF mention! have a gr8 weekend!
# Oprahlivetweet I love the land and the accent
I will try and find you a link to the place when I'm not so lazy. ;)
VIDEO: Jim Tressel Begins New Job at University of Akron
News newbie? Could that be a "newsbie"?
We've eaten, eaten well, and are back to work. (Did I mention we're composting? Greenest #thatcamp evar!)
lol and the ladies... ;)
If there was a candid camera that caught the sh*t show of me trying to carry packing boxes into my building, you'll be seeing the footage.
..as I just said via my reply! Moseley- let's find some new biz love soon!
True! RT: If a #Libra never calls, nor call or text you back, your behavior or personality may have rubbed us the wrong way.
lol ya i follow back
"Please refrain from using any further obscenities in the presence of these people."
Thanks for the RT! Please keep spreading the word. God bless you!
Stand-up Strategy: Threaten audience to put commercial song jingles in their mind for the rest of the night unless they laugh
done with the B.S finally got things flowing in the right direction
But that family portrait including the old man was not a military photo.
Congrats to #Artown attendees for diverting 73% of July's waste in Wingfield Park thanks to single stream recycling & composting!
So don't forget me when he doesn't treat you the same, don't bother calling when you realize you've made a mistake.
The little miss skipped her afternoon nap and went down at 6. I suspect she'll awaken just as I fall asleep tonight. She's got her own beat.
He's here.
haha it's true bro lol
The sun, the sun! Austin, you're looking a lot better today. Now, somebody tell my neighbor to stop hammering metal in his garage.
Candy Cane Cruise tonight with and we are so excited to have live on board!!
Still speechless after that finish
#Team heat lets go <3
If your employees don't understand your #brand, the world won't either.
Hello Twitter, Its FierceBy Justina! Modeling Photographer & Consultant try & Keep up!
I'm taking my son ! See ya there! RT : see u at comic con"
Will be featured tonight with Payote at Harvelle's in Santa Monica...See you there!!
They made the Devils/Panthers game at 8:30 so they can air the Sens/Rangers game at 7? Such BS! I have to get up before 6am for work on Fri!
HAHAHAHAHA, love it
Yes he is!! Loved watching him drum in Full House!
I'M BORED. ENTERTAIN ME.
Happy Monday! We open tomorrow at 11AM.
I'd rather see the players decide games, not the refs. Too many unnecessary, quick whistles at the end of games.
Madison police Chief Noble Wray estimates crowd reached 35,000 to 40,000 outside Capitol at its peak at today's noon rally.
Weird numbers are always calling me.
Well, I certainly appreciated the way the left respected Bush. ROFL. Your logic is stupid.
yes ma'am!
I agree android sucks.
we're so happy to hear that! thanks for the kind tweet!
Well it may b winter in chicago but it feels like spring n vegas :-)
Since a Very Potter Musical has been invented Someone should make a Very Drarry Musical that would please me greatly.
I'm not logging on for a week. the numbers from yesterday are too high and one day off may not make a bit of difference.
After a whole year, I finally got to see the ending of cinderella man that we never saw in american history last year
Please don't text and drive. Kthnxbai.
I was worried too much time on the computer was messing with my brain. :(
It is 7:30 at night, I always forget the time zone difference. I'm getting so long in the tooth that 7:30 is almost my bedtime.
haha I know I'm just thinking im in Bolingbrook hanging out with Julio and Brad, I had no idea that's where this all went down.
biggest loser this season, chocked full of drama
Happy Birthday to new Kastle , who celebrated with a qualifying win over No. 5 seed Kateryna Bondarenko at the !
Nassau Co. police ofcr. is out of surgery after a bullet discharged from his gun breaks his femur. Docs inserted a titanium rod in left leg.
Road kill surprise
I don't know what I'm suppose to be doing right now..
At San Diego Latino Film Festival. ¡Muy bueno!
Hells yea still growing, im tired today but ive officially have 2 weeks left exactly till weigh-ins,
yea he was, only dude that went at Omar hard body
this snow is much more than I expected! Crazy!
I know me too. I'm about to call Glen myself lol
Listening to The Planning Puzzle: Integrating your Strategic Plan and your Technology Plan
Happy !! If your're out here, look for the #MASHUP guys!
sorry bout that. slipped my mind with all this debt ceiling debate...
and I have two video clips for you. I don't have any editing software for them but I can send them if you wamt them
TGIF, want to wish all my dear friends an awsome weekend, hollywood, venice beach and santa monica pier next week new noho resident yeah
Beautiful thunder + lightning storm in Portland, OR. It's warm, 70's. Hawaii, northwest-style.
were comin close to finishin up the Mayhem Nation Mixtape "Money Talks". im also busy workin on my solo cd "The Best Of Both worlds"
They both put up 20+ against the same teams earlier this year. I'd go Vick. He's more of a play maker
Happy Birthday!
When your bank says no, Champion says yes.
Check out a great guest post on my baby boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Do you have any procrastination horror stories? How did you get back on track?
MAJOR #PetPeeve #BrokenPromises . .dey get NO PLAY around here
We are still here at #remaxr4 and have the wonderful opportunity to listen to the inspiring stories of and
wonder if you are in the car next to me! I #feelyourpain!
I want
s/o to the people that support me, an fucks wit my music!
YUP!! Nicely done!!
ME TO
thank you (:
I should of got up earlier today
Finish off the night w/a greasy sandwich or a garbage plate
RT On that note, I guess I will do my daily self-flagellation and go exercise.
It's been awhile since I've #libchat-ted. Peeking in tonight, even if I'm a little late. I'm Nicole, special librarian in Indy, btw.
At Ricardo's pizza on the south side in green dale village.., great stuff!!!
Always looking for a list of good children's book pubs.
I agree. But we need to address that DT hole or else we'll have teams running down our throats all year.
No shit, my mom just shuffled.
Ohio's March #unemployment rate will be released Friday at 8:00 am.
yes we all need to go to Nunzi's. It's always empty and it's too good to go out of business.
thanks for all the promo :) sorry, we went awol. we're back, so there will be tons of new shit for your beautiful ears <3
Yes! They show great classics. FMJ was on there last week and now that seems to be on every channel lol I think its on TCM now!
adding TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME to my list too!
I get twatched,
Out of #balance w/
I wish Syracuse had a Trader Joe's.
why aren't you going..?
Just placed an order for a boatload of equipment via public wifi in here we come!
RT: NANCY PELOSI "God Bless them" referring to #OWS endorsed by Communist Party and Nazi Party- nice company you keep Pelosi
Nope, I was at my desk at that time. I do have a doppelganger, apparently.
Whoa, the last time I was this excited for a George Lucas-produced movie I was sorely disappointed and wanted to jab my eyes out.
Im about to grab something to eat,watch a movie then its back to work! x) catch yall later.
another long day I...I need to decompress
Harold, do you think my take on the numbers make sense? I'm kind of a publishing outsider.
We have locally screen printed shirts displaying, "You are nothing without feminist art." Sizes hot and plush.
Once u got to know him, Osama bin ladin was actually a nice guy
lol I'm tired of the word
hahaha not so fast!!
Sleepy time:)
Excited for my mom and brother to finally make it out to Austin this evening
I dream of some day working for you, my dear
that's just an embarrassment to anyone with a computer. Yikes.
I personally think he's a douchebag.
Thanks man . I apreccaite it
Did the elevator smell like Drakkar Noir (then you know the culprit!) or are you just bringing your work home with you?!
just for education
what do you mean?
I need sleep
4/28/1788->Rochambeau:I wish the affairs of France to be on footing which would enable her to be the arbiter of peace to neighboring nations
The WAVE road team is heading to Scottsdale AZ hanging with and some awesome clients...gonna be a fun weekend!!
I wish I had legendary on my phone or any movie on it but I dont :/
It's Pioneer Day weekend, which is reason enough to go back! Are you going this year or will u be on tour?
Desk clerk just described my Vegas hotel room to me as "smoking optional." "You can smoke if you want to, but you don't have to smoke." Ah.
A culinary event with a twist benefitting the San Diego Council on Literacy San Diego's top chefs prepare dishes inspired by favorite books.
Welcome to the
Let's do it chargers!
if its snows as much as they're expecting..and I don't get to see my bf for the first time in a week, heads. will. roll.
Feel rejuvenated in just 60 #METime minutes by escaping to RT if you visited us today!
When guys look hot in sweatpants >>>>
It's absolutely magnificent�the creative talent, the colors of the costumes, the dancing, said Karolyn Grimes.
sometimes that is the best thing to do glad to see you on tonight
yess. She's got a lot to learn.
Nothing like a six mile run to end the week...
I think the farmer's market pumpkins were priced low so the vendors could amuse themselves by watching me lug them off.
we will be releasing our first clothing line Early this Year, most likely in a few months!!
Oh I see, they seem to not like the direction I needed to be going in. Back the other way!
lol logan cant spell for shit
First one here... More for me!
Campaign should seek anger management counseling, Will they junk-punch ?
All these children do is actually run around all day
Good morning Tweethearts! The winner of yesterday's #RawnatureBodyTreats Creme Body Wash contest is Congratulations Erica!
2 new pairs of Nike shorts? I think yes. :)
That's hilarious! I'm a 36...should I be proud? ;-)
Bikram yoga today. 'Do not judge your practice.'
Chicken and shrimp on our hibachi!
Words are the most powerful drug used by mankind.
im still online for a while. whats up? (:
RT No matter the circumstances you were born in, you were still wrapped in love while in your mother's womb.... <---
It's ppl in da industry jocking our style & swagg #Damn_Shame B$E™ we been Bang Bangin
Throwing yourself on the bed and then banging your head on the wall -___- <<<
RT : Has anyone used iPads for travel staff? What are your thoughts?
maybe Joe's waiting to use cc as a pinch runner when posada gets on in the 9th. Wow
Thursday will be a preview of the upcoming games and #fantasyfootball help
all the time!
what do u do when your dog shits on the carpet at 2am??
CCHS RT : People asking, How is #MittRomney ever going to win the youth vote? Easy - plenty of kids today are rich assholes!
YOU make it happen Mr Sam Merkle Adams
Sinus infection! Yuck! I feel like the left side of my head is rotting off!
we moved down here a few years back, miss family and friends not the cold and snow, love sunny skies of FLA...
RT : #Rockies vs Dodgers in 2 weeks? Yep I'll be there!! :) Go Rocks!
Can't wait until I don't have to hide behind this smile.
I miss the days of saying with 100% accuarcy "Bubba's gonna win!"
Community strategy model courtesy of The Community Roundtable. (follow )
1st Waterford Lakes Latin Festival performers will be announced in the next week so stay tuned to www.wix.com/waterfordlakes/latin-festival
also, stop by to see and we'll explain how we can help *you* make art... or... anything!
haha oh mother
what's the full story? I'm curious.
mutual admiration society
Musical theater singing today runs gamut from legit to rock. Some MT college programs now require pop/rock audition song.
I don't know what the "fahck" someones deal is #donedonedone 😊
“Effective teamwork begins and ends with communication.” --Coach K
#God bless the world :)
Good luck to everyone running in the #corporaterun in #Miami!
Stop in today for afternoon nosh: $10 cheese flights until 6pm. The garage door is open, the breeze is warm, what are you waiting for?
I'll be moderating a tweet chat about new media & the contemporary music industry tonight via my work account
writers group. Me at Souths
New Twitter Handle
Trying for vanity url on Facebook, entered cell number to get confirmation code. No response to cell. Any suggestions?
I'll Have Another wins!
Also, what kind of team trades someone DURING THE GAME?RT : Suck it Montreal.
Think I want a bowl of fruit loops
Beautiful day
Gotta get up early tomorrow to see daddy and my grandparents
ok cuz im tryna get rachel to come over too
Doin my hair over Chews so we can put this plan in motion...Watch this tho...
Thanks! RT : Miss live chats Wednesday. Recommend #bizforum and
& me and carlos are talking again c;
I need to go to a concert.
styled to many celebs in last few days of OSCARS ... need some rest ...
Ssshh! I won't say anything if you don't say anything!m;P
i think about it near everyday
#LTBroadcasts "The Pope advised workers and employers to practice charity and exercise a fraternal spirit, one toward the other" (5/15/31)
....you in your own head lol
Thanks for the RT. Have a great day!
I deactivated my account. And it shows its still on but I'm not getting on it
Hi David, sorry will miss you at PathNorth. I was really hoping to meet you there. Love your book and recommend it to my students
what are you serious what grade do you have then?
3 goals in life:love God,make this soccer dream happen,and take out for dinner n a movie...ambitious but overall a solid list
RT : Welcome! My clients love Miami! Looking forward to working with you!
totally forgot about 80's themed Zumba Party tonight ! what to wear, what to wear ?!?!
Gentry hates talking about must wins, but we've finally reached that point.
Develope your style and dont worry about being like another, be you! that's what makes us unique.
I'm obsessed with the mess that's America
Sometimes you have to be your own hero.
Who are the best NHL players to follow
Just downloaded #picplz to my Android phone. Get ready! :)
Q6: Natl, state, and local leaders must work together in coalition to share networks, resources, and tools to improve
You don?t have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things ? to compete. You can be just an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reac...
#TheEnemyOfMyEnemyIsMyFriend is my delemma- cardinals opening weekend vs cubs... as a #wisconsinite i'll say it this weekend only #GoBirds!
Yeah. That was pretty much *the* low point in Pryor's career.
#BoyztoOrlando ? Yes? No? Maybe?
hey Ben can you give my house of blues new Orleans cd release show a shout out tonight? Next Friday April 6th $10
That's how we do #VOLTRON HAPPY BIRTHDAY NIGA
omg, that cake looks so tempting!!!!
just out....Lausanne CLOSED!
people really kill my mood today
Close Ties documentary airs October 22nd and 23rd on WDSU (NBC).
Oh, but that's why you like me :)
retweet if you think austin has swag. ESP IN HIS WHITE SLIPPERS.
- ms. Hanna you KNOW that never happens;-)
awww we wanna see that...now and I are discussing our parents' mortality
The stylist today had a mustache and a beer belly. One rump roast away from being my butcher.
writing an final exam paper for my Jewish studies class -_-
I want to swim with dolphins.
However, the Bucks' end-of-the-season presser sounded like they thought Udoh was still a bench guy :( Maybe they'd go and do it.
Today is already so boring
Previewing Canada's 2012 World Hockey Championship Team - The Hockey Writers
Our Paducah team rocks! Looking forward to our event there on June 6. Enjoy the weekend, everyone.
If I died today remember me like Malcolm X
5 freaking days until MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE concert!
Loving the groove on "Back in the Day" by Najee my point of view Album
just blew my mind with that contemporary routine :D it was amazing!!! And now voting for you, we want you in the finale!!!
About to head to Charlie's with my special guest star....lol
... and the Twitter app does not update my profile pic from Twitter.
Today is made of the stuff of dreams. Today, I buy a motorcycle. #Vrooom!
Thanks Scott!
Pretty sure nobody's thought of this before: Tony Homo. : Romo Sexual
not a actor but i am a screenwriter..
Ugh bout to leave my house
your a weeny :)
this is so Pimpin!
Great! We'd love to connect if there's opportunity. Would be great representation of Boston as social leader and innovator.
Is it weird that is the only celeb I follow on twitter? It's because I'm curious about her upcoming novel. Probably.
I would forget to get the laundry -______Â£Â£_
So I guess this #MadMen show is coming back tonight. I vaguely remember it from a few years back. Guess I'll tune in.
LOL Naw u just forgot a nigga was breathing
Thanks for the follow back and mention
Up w raging heartburn at 3am... ugh. Baby Fling did not appreciate all that Superbowl food...
His name is Robert Paulson
About to bust this move
Leaving new orleans to clear my restless head
I have no idea who has the momentum here.
we both want to win the contest post that eachother sent eachother to get us started?
Just as u find me 2 be dramatic because of the depth of my sea emotions I find u 2 be heartless because of the shallowness of yours - kiera
Thursday Night at Binkley's Kitchen and Bar: Beer Club welcomes Triton Brewing Co. at 7pm for beer sampling!
Haha! Thank you so much! :)
Bidibidibombom RT : Like you don't jam out to Selena at work...baila!
