Are public universities not public if they accept partnerships with/money of private orgs? No. Public IHEs still publicly funded.
Face is on fire.
#ThatAwkwardMoment the trashy couple by you at the drive-in get in the backseat & sink down while staring at you. 😳
I got a job interview request. The company had the word 'promotions' in it. I didn't respond.
you have the cutest face everr(: <3
What doesn't kill you makes you StRoNgEr
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña on poverty "we have 12 million new poor who don't even make ends meat" "We need new Social Security system"
There's nothing more contrived than the old, "let's have the heroes fight each other due to a misunderstanding." It's cheap and lazy writing
How do you balance your faith and your business sense...
Hi Betsy and we followed you on #MaxMonday :D
Frtst they burn books, then they burn you .
you just said the magic word
tehehehehehehehe you love me <3 we have so much fun
WHO ELSE IS WATCHING THE EPISODE AGAIN? C:
heading to Data Visualization and the Future of Research @ 3:30
Happy Birthday Mommy 😊❤🎉🎈
Idk if im going to church but i know i dont wanna go
lls You always try around me, I'm Boss
It was great to meet you and learn about your wonderful programs. Always so refreshing to get together w/ colleagues!
Can U Help Me Get lot Of Followers
The best way to water is to get a drip hose or trickle your hose. Try early in the morning or later in the evening to minimize evaporation.
Happy St.Patrick's Day! Erin go braless!
Me: "Megan I'm so tired..." Megan: *sarcastically* "Sorry, I don't care right now, please leave a message at the - FUCK YOU!"
Did everyone have a good March break?
is my new online shopping obsession. They have their Curve line and their main line goes up to 16 in many cases. Free shipping!!!
U n every1 who lacks melanin
votefair which has been correct the last 3 weeks in predicting results has P2 & Joshua at bottom 2
Headed to Western United's annual meeting? Stop by and say hi, I'll be in booth #1!
(Something is up w/ Twitter on my phone, I have been trying to send that for three days)
Should we make our scrubs in Royal Blue and Maroon to conform to position color requirements?
“Let them give thanks to the LORD for his unfailing love...he satisfies the thirsty and fills the hungry with good things” -Psalm 107:8,9
11 & a half
So my copy of CS6 showed up at work from it looked like someone sat on it. For the price they should have packed it better.
I'm hoping everybody is having wonderful Holidays.
Big game today: Miami Heat at Boston Celtics. Hope , , and are rooting for the Celtics!
at my parents in Dyersburg. I'm bout to head back to Memphis though. What up pretty boy?
Phone is broke won't have a new one for a couple
I have faith. But, this will be my last UNC tweets for the Season. So sad. See ya next year.
Oh no I'm scared I think I just clicked a stupid spam! If I spam anyone please tell me Stupid fucking spam
Tonight was the first time in my life I ever cried listening to a speech. Thank you President Obama for human words.
My gosh Aztecs! 😞
stop retweeting and the chicken little crap.
Fuckk you, and fuck the horse you rode in onn, -.-
Are you going to be as SLA?
Peace, love and tumors! #funtimes with !
JUICY FRIDAYS PRESENTS "FEMMES VS STUDS PARTY" NO COVER & OPEN BAR TILL 11PM!! ANYTHING YOU CAN DO I CAN DO BETTER!!
Need to change my username I guess
You're lucky I have my drinks after my LAST CLASS EVER to look forward to, or else envy would end our frienship completely.
you know what would make it bigger? If i was there. Sadly im not
it is beautiful here!! Love our neighborhood and school. Miss NM friends!! :)
*Raises Hand*RT : I need a designated driver ............ Any takers
Choice between curley fries and regular fries: always take curley fries?
I wanna be tan, but I refuse to fake bake.
Tired of being baffled by the narrative #wifilmfest selections. Hoping my last film of the week, that's #17, 'Elena' will be a solid bookend
Only two more Mondays of school!
I might have thrown No Limit elbows while listening to A$AP Rocky. If you were driving by my office and saw, I'm not sorry.
Second time with LOVELY MOLLY today. Some missteps, but overall a serious-minded, aphotic and scary film.
Having a blast in HB! playing Dodge Ball:)
What should be my next book? Urban? Motivational? Romance? Fantasy? Spiritual? I will let you decide for me.
I've heard there are a few left for Sunday. 635-PLAY
please do!!! Crazy rain!! Lol
anally or vaginally
At the movies with lizzy :-)
If you are accepted, Dr. Quinn Capers, IV, Dean for Admissions, will personally call you today beginning after 7:00 p.m. EST!
happy b-day braylon!!! Your mom's strength is an inspiration to all single parents. You go girl!!
Throw me in yall FOLLOW FRIDAY my peeps! im going strong wit 32 lol
Ugh. Updating. I should do that.
Knee.being iced at therapy. I could totally sleep right.now.
O my gosh me too!! lol! I have school starting in about a month and I totally just sit and stress about that all the time!
I hate when you just got out of college & you go for a job & they tell you that you don't have enough job experience
wow.. how did you get that?
Be Advised: there is a nasty stank in the Rosslyn metro
That was awesome! You have so much energy.
Congrats to #Aztec WBB for closing out the season with a win over Boise St! Time to cut down nets!
Hey! Everyone! How are you celebrating Milwaukee Day? Discounts? Specials? Events? I need to know.
Hey there! Thx 4 the follow!
Beautiful and sunny day in #SanFrancisco headed to the beach.
good looking
GONE WITH A HANDSOMER MAN by Michael Lee West (4/11) - a departure for West after a long absence, looks like a hilarious southern mystery!
Uploading my video
Add me,this is a mere trifle to you,add me
Loving time with family.
Big NASCAR fans ... huge Menard fans!!
Oh, an ice cream sundae sounds perfect right now.
Watching soundcheck for tonight's show!
#Avengers was the best movie I've ever seen
Why do I get a headache whenever I watch tv?
happy mothers day. :)
My neck hurts! >:/
damn boy!
I'm feeling all yucky (mentally) today. I think that means it is time for a hard workout. Burn off some of the yuck.
Since my bulls are done its all about my lakers
On february 11 2011 the never say never movie will change my life:)<3
he's magic
Turk didn't looks very good last night. I am concerned.
There's always room for me...and jello! RT workout time ... no Ferris Bueller
This is beyond way to early to be up. #ijustwannasleep 😣💤
yeah it's really nice! Can't complain about that part!
Damn! is so fucking hot!! Every girl would be begging to be your boyfriend austin! Example.. Me : ) 💏
An actual function name in a library i'm using: catchDegeneratePenetrationCase
I agree w yr crit of culture jamming/prosumer etc, but IMHO there's something important here re: biopolitics/big data...
The #IdCapThat Stuff Is Freaking HILARIOUS .. I Was Cracking Up Al Day .
still awake and just looked out window, not a single snow flake. When will the madness begin?
I think there's a point at which money, influence & power become so blinding that people believe they control the world. Iris Sawyer
Haha thank you. I wasn't really looking for compliments, but I appreciate it.
RT Now that I have wished Pjay a happy birthday I shall go to sleep c: night biotchesssss xoxox 💗
thanks for the retweet and follow! "Lapsed vegeterian." --I can relate!
do you have the actual link to the story? Can't find it
Almost got in a crash
We watched Downton Abbey before Walking Dead last night because in this house it's dowagers before zombies, yo.
same same
414.276.2337 x 103.... Are you coming back?! We'll hire you, very happily, in 2 seconds flat!
Woke up and first thing on radio is and Herm Edwards talking football...thanks guys I was jonesing
Did you know Gatorade contains soy? Well, it does! It contains "brominated vegetable oil" which is derived from soybeans.
Watch PLNU grad Grace French compete in Wheel of Fortune's “Military Spouses Week” on Feb. 8 on KNSD at 7:00 PM
Cooking some Great food
So close to our 1st GIVEAWAY!! Only need 71 more followers and one of you will get a super cool PRIZE PACK!!!
I'm glad your back on! Def. following :)
So #Michigan is actually playing the real #Ohio in the tourney. Still
Let's say hi in the lobby after, look for me. Loving life right now... :)
Ramon Sessions and Steve Blake hitting big shots for the Lake show?!?
I think you butt looks slutty sometimes.
Great! Ask for know when you're there!
How are Yahll ??:)
Seems like everyone who wore #GIVENCHY owned the night.
so than ya
Finally a free throw made
Morals in the T-Shirt Biz? RT Ruling in Rashard Mendenhall-Hanesbrands case could set precedent in regards to social media lawsuits
I'm so f*ckin tired of listening to Cuban music I've been trying to burn it all day long! I WANT TO GO TO BED!
I KNOW YOU NEVER THINK OF ME...
As soon as my lil brother reaches about 16 yrs old I'm goin to let him come stay summers at my house and fuck all the hoes he wants.
Thanks for the shout out , you will be missed :(
Now people know how it feels to be hurt all the time. </3
already takin care of buddy!!! You could roll sushi off me!
fuckin hater I'm doin orientation that's why I'm not working right now. Damn
I regret not sticking up for people more, and not being friends with a couple ppl I helped who were grateful & lonely.
No! That's AWESOME!!!!
#ICanHonestlySay I am excited for FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee @ McDonald's! Did we mention that it's FREE? ^Eugene/PDX area only
super excited! Can't wait to see pix!
Funny, right? I love this new camera!
I got a Honda that can get about 32 mpg on the highway...i can pay for it and budget it out
Im so high all I smell like is good
L's Up Fact!: Did you know that Weed smoking is highly correlated to Schizophreniaz?
*Puts on too much lotion* You: Oh crap.. *Wipes half of it on the person next to you* #SoTrue lol
That was a really good report - made me sit still and listen instead of "skim" over his words in my usual hurry
My prediction for May 18. 1.75 hours of crazy alien/naval warfare, followed by...."YOU SUNK MY BATTLESHIP......!!!" ann credits.
lookin like some crab legs!!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
My prayer for you this day: walk in the spirit of Christ, think with the mind of Christ, and love with the heart of Christ.
So beautiful in downtown DC this morning. The Capitol is literally sparkling in the sun.
This is BS!! I'm getting....flashbacks...of a little bastard named....Jeffrey Maier.
Ive dreamed of dancing on that stage since I was 7, the only thing I've wanted for those 7 years was to win that show.
The Drama Years book tour parent-daughter workshop will be held at Holy Innocents' Episcopal School tomorrow, Friday, April 20 from...
# Nuggs take care of Lakers, but #Av's and #Broncos lose.
lookin' good john
Being in 4-h>>
Can anyone tell me what the point is of Amazon Prime for TV/movies? Doesn't have what Hulu or Netflix has.
Homebuilder? Increase efficiency, communication, vendor satisfaction; #FieldConnect, FCMobile (iPad/Phone, Android compatible) + Collaborate
#alicebucketlist everyone trend it !
Lori Nix's 'The City': Dioramas Of Disaster - Huffington Post
don't give up! She will someday♥💗
Sounds like a religious hit squad to me...
“The shift from postmodern 2 participatory culture means ppl find..identity thru wht they cre8 [not] wht they consume."R.Bolger .
Time change. #Woah!
Very cool! Can't wait to check it out
What's your story topic?
On my way to the gym. Music selection today - MJ's Dangerous album and Janet's Number Ones! Tweet ya later! Once again, HappyBirthdayJanet!
I just rewatched that video. So. Funny.
nope my old man never reads my twitter so I can vent here!
thanks for the awesome itunes gift of
Eagles dumb
had a song scored for strings last week - heard it yesterday. killer!
Sounds feasible.
Red Orleans
So excited to be working with again. This time its a music video for !!!
Oh, come on--nothing's as bad as Soul Man, is it? RT It was almost as bad as Soul Man
#RealityCheck If you think that you can have a successful career without puttin in work
#NowPlaying. Common. Testify.
Happy Earth Day! Remember to treat the Earth with respect year-round by choosing to #reuse each and every day.
so it is a time thing? Show up late and we will get you in and out sooner... I'm the instructor
Partied hard last night til 5am..now back to reality.
Smoke then sleep gotta long day 2morrow
yes - had a limited amount available yesterday. Delicious.
He argues that counterinsurgency tactics have created irredeemable cultural rifts between US and Afghan people. Only solution is to leave.
and oh yah, im makin a song tonight, and imma post it on youtube, is my dj, soo when were done with itt, were doin a blog=D
Hope everyone had a great Father's Day
I am done! To much shit to do today and tree to smoke!
So sorry you're feeling sick :( Hope we can catch up this coming week. Get well soon!
Lets hope that big news for US is an arena tour here!!!! xD <3
sitting on the floor because the outlets are not near the benches in Block 37.
No doubt fam! Let make it happen
Texting old friends that mean alot to you >>>>>>
Bitter because I accidentally clicked a promoted tweet.
Michael's in the house; ride on over and enjoy Miami food and beverage stylings from a native... he ain't heavy, he's my brother!
Just realized I Have on two totally different earrings. Lol
How long will the Rep be in Milwaukee?
SEIU Paying Occupy DC's Rent
Will this be the last playoff game we see played with these OT rules (team can win w/o other team getting the ball)?
I really just wanna sleep in... But GoodMorning #TweetFreaks:))
A fly will not get into a closed mouth
Is that Russell Wilson's mom? 8o
Will Alana ever finish her homework? Tune in next week to find out.
I just want a conversation on the phone without arguing...
#dodgers turn on game. It's so lovely, Disney might be involved
wish you were at #aam2012 - esp 4 session: Interpretive Plans 2.0 - The Governing Document for Every Museum Department
#Revenge is back on tonight!! Yess!! Let's hope I clear all my work in 20mins.... bleagh
Its great to be home! Landed back in Albuquerque this morning at 1 am....
All boarded and ready for trip to Minnesota!!!
Why is my pet scratching? Not all pet scratching is due to allergies.
Private equity firms. Now that's how rich people become insanely rich. Note to self: Join one of these once you have $$$
my heart's big but it beats quiet.
We have success(-ish)! Rebooked on a flight tonight!
Remember that S&C is just a small piece of the puzzle in regards to bball player development. For every 1h on S&C, spend 4 on bball skills.
20 of Celtics first 29 shots outside of 10 feet. Of course, Rondo passed from within 5 feet on about half of them.
OMFG KILLED IT!! SO DAMN SEXY!!!
Go see eric's side project, CCTV (cobra cheetah tiger viper) at Mercy Lounge tonight at 10 PM
glad to see you using it d-o-g-g
right!!!! I don't get it! If you are you are if you aren't you aren't. Random but we need to reunite :)
HELP: Does anyone know any natural remedies for a bladder infection? Your help is appreciated.
Yay can't wait for you guys to open!
RT : Hairing the dog this "morning" with a pint of Pinot...tea, that is. () Hope your Monday proved worthy?
Absolutely. Back at you. Great to meet you and let's keep in touch. You know where to find me!
Had an awesome day in Tennessee with at the SonRise Festival... It was a good day to be outside :)
#survivor Can't wait for tonight's episode, Russell's move last week just another in his string of epic survivor moments!
The Secret War book has now been fully re-edited, with new content and approaches to the Shadow People topic...but with the same message :)
"I like to eat corn in a cup!" Hahahaha
that is awesome, very innovative use! I've noticed they do some cool things when applied to media queries too. CSS Animations rock.
Ufc tonight! Followed by live music, drink specials all night. Get here early and stay late
I think artistic self-expression is very important to teens, and tattoos can be a part of how our teens make inward outward. :)
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday today... You all are great people and look forward to see many more great moments in l…
K cool..
AT2.0, Update 13 includes performance updates for Assessments module (& 2 new fields) as well as compatibility with Java 1.7
no but i'd be interested to hear more ...
hey i followed u follow back please
#First20SongsOnShuffle 4) Hate Me - Blue October.
ask Mike why that so-called diva who really is a cancer named Seneca Wallace is still on the team.
I'm not certain playing volleyball during a thunderstorm is real safe....
RT ": "Why am I using a new putter? Because the old one didn't float too well." --Craig Stadler" ...so true
that guy was a jerk. To much time on his hands.
haha smart gal!
“Don’t look where you fell, look where you slipped.” ~African Proverb
"You know those hangover pills you can order on TV? I threw up a bunch of them this morning. I feel much better."
Your coconut/pineapple drink #ChangedMyLife today w/ !
YUMM Shrimp and grits??!!!
Ha. One of my preschoolers just started private speech & today he said his "other speech doctor" had the GFTA too.
I have a few friends who are over 40, never married, & perpetually cranky. Criticize me all you want, my problems aren't as big as yours.
#SHOUTS to my new followers .. thx for following ya gal!! :-)
Thanks for following
How much awful luck can I have
Sometimes as great as sleep sounds it just doesnt happen
Thank you!!
the people of memphis are WEAK!!
I get high on life and overdose daily on happiness.
I'll take the bullet for you
Hubby n I r both union members n sent a ck to today DNC needs 2 pony up
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe He would've did anything for you,to show you how much he adore you. But it's over now,it's too late for save your Love
possibly? We went to the same hotel where we spent or anniversary this fall...and then ran around Hudson, New Paltz, and favs
Mini-tour this January? LETSS GO
my words will leave you speechless Like duct tape
Maybe will follow us one day<3
TONIGHT, We watch SALO or 120 DAYS OF SODOM.
If you want to be in a Bieber fan video , tweet A pic of you and a short message to Justin!
please follow me back ?? :)
I wonder if friends challenge him to a game of
They're our first coach, the ones who teach us the meaning of love,hard work, and define compassion&so2all who made life, happy mothers day
“: I mean it this time, you guys. I have serious concerns about Coupon Suzy. We have to get her help.” she's a hot mess
What makes your life more fulfilling?
Love the new name! If you say it real fast it sounds like "fluency"... killer branding.
iPhone app downloads in U.S. iTunes App Store fall of 30 percent in March
In actual life every great enterprise begins with and takes its first forward step in faith. -Friedrich Schlegel
. takes stage for #ClosetSundays!
Only one up in my house -___-
Spend the money on a sharp haircut!!! Or mustache wax (glue stick)
Hope so! My gag reflex cant take much more of their spoon-feeding me #sheep dung. #NBC :)
I'm not in 4 da attention, I'm n it 4 da recognition! I don't do it just 2 b rappin...i luv it cuz its my #Passion!!!
this #starbucks coffee tastes like watered down anal leakage. fuck this bullshit
And the same to you!
NUMBER FIVE: Don't have amplified music that can be heard more than 3 houses away
RT : GO USA! Join for the USA World Cup game tomorrow! Wear Hollander gear and get a free Silly Pils!
The college I went to is getting a new AD. Looks pretty much like a younger version of the current one. Kinda scary.
I'm Only Ordinary Girl :_
Sky8 is reversing direction. There's another powder scare downtown @ sw 3rd & Sheridan on our way
12 ectoplasm scenes in the can... I'm heading home
UR welcome! Will b checking it out tomorro Heard good things:) follow 4direct message& will let u kno
He stole my crown, so I am currently not speaking to the Vamp known as ---->
Our Fresh Catch of the Day is Halbut! Our Patio is open, let us do the cooking and the dishes today!
Hey I love you more :-))
Join me at #startupchat ! “: For the next hour we will talk about Making Biz Decisions #startupchat”
Friday & Saturday.. <3 Can't wait
House sitting. I highly recommend it.
Early start before work.
today at skool we watched jumper, thats my new fav movie!! :D
With God all things are possible.
Doesn't anyone make a card that says Happy Mother's Day and leaves the inside blank? Is there a Kickstarter campaign for this?
what is your position on the effects of sea level rise as a result of climate change on Florida, answer the Q coward
Would love to see another SF Super Bowl appearance, but Giants-Pats would draw the biggest ratings.
Happy early birthday Karen...
that would be awesome!
Yep. Being metaphysical ": actually it goes with previous instagram"
lol I give in I am officially a stranger but I'm about to come back in a major way
The reason can hold his notes for so long is because he takes in oxygen through his beard.
ok but I might not answer cause I'm going to the baseball game then I'm going to my friends house
would you ever date a small town guy like me????
So much provocativeNess on my tl
the gentlemen were scholarly and the ladies were effervescent. Some boys smelled bad but we can over look the details. Welcome!
I don't think most Bucks fans realize that the 76ers SUCK right now.
Tnx 4 follow - meanwhile, & - may be an oped on Tebow in Sunday's paper; tnx for work & connections.
Storyboarding via mapping based on Wells's Time Machine: narrative spatiality becomes game space.
what you crazy its cold already
Laying on my porch swing waiting for to get here...
welcome. happy to be adding sweetness to a sour world... keep rockin. ;)
THANK YOU! RT : Real men wear pink? Shut the fuck up. Pussy faggots wear pink.
Somethin' bout' a truck.
that's what doggy style is for! Lol
You should like follow me back so i can message you and such things.. Just sayin :)
I love writing for ! Time to research my next article!
going to see the avengers in like 45 mind with Leah!:)
lol ain't we all lmao and chilled myself
It's my Lil cousin Birthday lol, Well she really not Lil cousin Nomore Bt hay!!!! (:
that santa, whadda dick!
Follow Me Back? :)
ugh I guess if I must
Don't limit yourself. Many individuals limit themselves to what they believe they can do. You could go as far as your mind lets you.
more friends coming this summer thooooo :))
I want to participate...lol
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by fuckable men
Our TJs Travels grew out of prior collab with SAAM, included Monticello & Poplar Forest ('house museums') as partners.
im ahead of tha game, no cheat codes
Happy Birthday Edge of Glory!
He has risen! Tell him to go back to bed, it's to early to look for Easter eggs!
(Brandon Holder) Live Friday Nov 25th!!!! Gonna be a great time!!
“: Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles.”
I do sweetness!!! ;)
Luck has a flip phone. Hes def going to be a success!
Is black? Or latino? Or just a tanned ginger? So many questions in life!!??
I aint the sharpest tool in the shed. (:
The more you listen the less you talk? :-)
It pays off nice in the morning run.
How are you guys doing? We hope that you have an amazing Thanksgiving. Thanks for the RT!
Thank you! RT “: Brilliant lecture by at Klak last night. #thoughtprovoking”
Watching a kid at Walmart scream at the top of his lungs and the mom thinking it is funny/cute
This is THE week. Will Andrew Farkas go ahead with Grubb & Ellis acquisition?
Everything around you was created by people no smarter than you. Lack of imagination and determination is all that bounds you.
RT : Writer.ly connects writers directly w/ the team they need to self-publish via
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. -Richard Brinsley Sheridan
hahahahaha. I've never gotten a detention in my whole life.
Mammograms don't Hurt as bad as a mastectomy . Get your mammogram today.
Nice! Looks gorgeous :D
lord have mercy
Got that right back!
Thank you, Ginny. I've had probs commenting on your posts lately...grrrr google!
Not at all. Never settle for less than what you want as long as you have equal in return. :)
you make it to LA in one piece? P.S noshow on ur friend for STK hahaha
pure audio or audio-visual? i think both are since humans have learned more audio cues as they've been developed.
I'm heading there in April! Yaay! ": priced #BA ticket to London. $475..went to buy 10 minutes later, was quoted $1,300 #suspicious"
75 Likes and I'm uploading. lms now.
RT : Q3. When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what youre more comfortable thinking?
loves it. I haven't gotten the hang of it.
Yes what a game! Hope to see u soon.
Really ...? U don't have Chris Paul in your top 10 mvp candidates?
Celebrating my mum at tonight. Love you, mum! Thanks for all you do!
#newplay New ideas? I'll try to shout it out!
Heh, small world. Great to see another doing right by the KcM brand. :)
Love to our followers!
WATCH ME FROM THE BENCH
Did you know: Castle Garden's was one of the first buildings to install gas lighting in 1825?
ive been steadily writing, recording and improving for 7 years. On my new mixtape im gonna really show my versatility and what im capable of
HCA rules in Public Trustee of Qld v. Fortress Credit case involving construction and application of Ch 2K of Corps Act 2001: [2010] HCA 29.
Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it
My 3000 tweet goes to all my followers love ya
it is, the speed bump is good, but the screen is beautiful.
Herro fwiend. I is half a bulldog and half Scottie. Teach me to skate pwease.
Get a great lunch this Friday at , guarantee your spot for only $2
In love with
You are who yu think yu are
I got u!
I'd join WPPI for the PI not WP...can't do the wedding thing. Y'all's images are fantastic though! Leave it to you experts :)
Air boating in gator country! Typical Monday.
Where can I purchase tickets?
I think i need an upgrade on phone soon
Happy Birthday to ! Giving her bday love on multiple social media platforms today.
I'm #immortal remember ? ;) “: too long. Can't even remember the last thing I saw. #lifegetsinthewayofmovies”
i feel sorry for immature people tbh..
Want to ruin your Saturday with daytime drinks? Baranof at noon!
much agreed with the lowlights.
"It's just a little lion!" - Pumbaa
I just gave this dog a tail boner
best cover i've heard if the song. <3it!! you sang it with so much emotion, almost wanted to cry ..miss ya!!
RT : its amazing how productive sunday can be when you're not hungover or tired.
10 Rubicon beers on tap tonight plus firkin of MI-5 is the best list in Sacrameto
Don't run, hide, ignore, or disown your problems, confront and solve them
Don-out of his doldrums? Will Peggy become Don's empathic, understanding Anna Draper? Great episode
the previous post is to any who dare to visit or "drop by"
Closing on my house 11 am Tom, :) :) never been so happy in my life!!
I'm having hella fun trying to sleep
thank god ..lol wassup geek buddy . ?
Maybe one day! Dont stop believing!! :))
“: Solo time! :]”my favorite CHAMP
happy birthday!! Hope it's a wonderful day!!
tell Colin to get out of there already!!
you win...cheerios FTW!
Up next Terry Shook, Principal at Shook Kelley "Remembering the Charlotte Trolley" Do you remember it?
what happened?
Don't ever write a check with your mouth you can't cash with your ass.
#goodnight world.
Thought for the day: The truth is, we are the only Bible some people will ever read. They are looking at our lives.
Thanks, doll! Seems everything has fallen into place for both of us! xo
It's okay, I'm the same way LOL smh
: I haven't seen her since HS. My cousin Kashia said Phil told her she passed away from walking pneumonia.
Why did I start coughing at the part where wiz was like " young niggas with some old lungs "
One of our students is starting on her first feature today! What about you? What have you #auditioned for? What are you #working on?
Pelis de Terror *.*
I thought pineapples thrown in mid air would be cool
I know I forgot it! Lol. 6 pieces.
can you get more than one?
I Wish I Could Change A Couple Thang Thangs In My Life But Fuck It I Can't ☹
You're too kind! It was pretty darn good, to be honest! Intense flavor. I'd like to try the other flavors as well.
I am cool,
is shrimp in this car
We provide a platform that allows Rent To Own companies to create and manage their own in-house customer loyalty marketing programs.
I should have saved my ticket for littering I received from celebrating our 2005 championship.
send it over
lets not forget the nigga who requested a "PULLED PORK TACO" ...im still lookin for that nigga
Could I come home for the summer, I could slow down for a lil while. Get back to lovin eachother, leave all those lonesome miles behind.
So over the holidays, my nephew turns me on to I now can't quit listening to Ever After You. Is that a good thing?
I need followers on Tumblr !
I'm so sorry. xox
Thank you my friend. I hope you have had a good week so far. Hugs and kisses
Hello there (:
OMG I'm a sucker for cute little puppy dog faces!!!! Love it ; )
#Redsox - you let us fans down - and #Gonzalez - don't blame God for your own failure
Went to bed at 5, woke up at 12, nap at 5, did nothing productive in that time.. I'm never going to be able to sleep tonight.
so august? Okay.
Last night to see Withhart.dance & Deep Vision 8pm!
Hey, can you follow me please? xo
Indeed. I'm so tired of this meme. I was drugged and raped by a WOMAN. So tired of the denial.
Next week! Bittersweet!
Goodmorning just woke up so tired, went to bed at 1a.m
Getting ready to drink on a boat. A mother effin boat haha
My back is so sore today, surely b/c of how much time I've been spending at the gym lately. The lesson is clear: never, ever exercise.
Hello there! I am sitting in the Service Master 24 Hr Clean Tampa office training on Twitter! Yay!
Hi! Speakers made a side note that we get an extra C. (2nd c has 2 C's)
Anyone else notice when Ben awkwardly doesn't know what to say/do he goes in for the kiss?
Off to Egypt!
IU has done it before that is for sure.
A source tells us the assembly may not have the votes to pass eveb watered down tier 6 pension reform
Psyched to start on ! Looking forward to working with you again! <3 RT <3 Thank you for organizing
8 gate changes and 15 hours later, we're finally on a plane to San Francisco. Looking forward to the Brew Crew tonight!
Watching #RHOBH ... There is NEVER a case of excusable spousal abuse. Interested to hear Taylor's story.
Thanks for eveyone who followed I am the one following for her.
Warning: There's a Twilight trailer before Hunger Games!
thanks MAry!
On my way to Exposed the Deconstructed Collection launch at Restoration Hardware Gallery on Beverly. w
cant see u
RETWEET Can anyone bring us a quart of oil? We need 10w30 for our generator.
Watching 's old covers<3 (':
thanks for the link to that app!
haha and why might that be, lady?
R.I.P. Christopher Hitchens "Words can function as weapons"
Class was cancelled so I'm pumped. But my ahold house smells like diapers and dead things
Finally taking the time to organize all the people/orgs I follow into lists... oh boy. So thankful for though!
let me know!!!
Even Biden's "apology" is part of a coordinated political strategy.
#Packers gearing up for playoff run -- ticket invoices for postseason sent to season ticket holders. (1 of 2)
DebRash: a little trivia for #mnsla2010 via movie filmed at Sheraton during #sla2010 The Chaperone. ...
So I guess I'm not a real Drake fan :/
A guide on fair use in videos, in light of MLS's response to Colin Clark bigotry video.
I have a sneaking suspicion it may have happened once or twice :)
it depends wut part NY u in i live in upstate Ny
Lunch at my desk is not such a bad thing when it comes with chilled Perrier!
allergies, ah, I want to chop my nose off. =/
Tks 4 following me! I would like to learn more about your services. Can we set a day & time to chat? Cheers ~ Tony Di Rico
Here we go again!
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo hitting the snooze button a few times
What a day! Exhausted now but very satisfying.
that phrase is not yours, whether you believe me or not
Sorry that my awesome sense of humor offends you, and by "sorry" I really mean "fuck you."
its funny how i barely know u, but today i thought of you when i felt hopeless and remembered you always smile. i appreciate you
Considering changing this account's name to something for the blog, so Andy and I have separate blog twitter accounts we write from.
hey...another 3 and out
Ill have you livin life you should, you'll say you never had it so good
Saw tweets rolling past about Giants win and assumed it was the SF Giants
#gayboyproblems : Being woken up too early by a cute boy sucking your morning wood. :)
lmao trick yu just said yourself "I call 2 females my best friend" GROW UP LMAO
sadly yes
Should not have taken that nap. I honestly don't know what the fuck is wrong with me.
looking forward to meeting you as well! Safe travels!
Not everyone by your side is really by your side
There still isn't any player that can slow down Melo
Your word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path. (Psalm 119:105)
I fucking missed Justin on SNL! Holy crap i'm stupid!
had lunch plans. Bummed i missed it!
U r the best
Goodnigh to all!
Did you find it?
#21 craziest thing u have done?(:
Utility customer electronic payments = 37%. All other industries = 60%. Work to do!
I tend to agree.
Don't get wasabi in your cooch. Even if you're turning Japanese.
since you guys are going to miss him, that says to me its not over.. ##unfinished business to handle!!
Karaoke Tonight for New Year's Eve!!! Kick Ass $10 Buffet Brunch New Year's Day! $4 Mimosas & Bloody Marys!
I want to move there :)
lol We'll See. U still @ Security Part time?
#SongsIWillNeverGetTiredOf "Oh, anything by Justin Beiber. He's dreamy", said Jerry Sandusky. "How are his ball tossing skills?"
the library is an infirmary. everyone is sick.
Sorry, what is the name of the conference? Thx!
you guys are just stalkin each other left and right!
every girl ! I have to play 17s this weekend. I don't wanna and if I tell my dad that hes gonna get mad :(
Lost my keys so now im stuck at home
#3wordsofadvice hope.strength.courage :) :) :)
oh of course boo, so you don't have to work tmrw?
야! you don't remember me? i always asked you before about korea. hmm:( so sad you forget me. but it's ok.
#AGirlthat knows your mistakes, but looks past them anyway... :D
Whoa thats total BS .. WTF .. Why ?? ( i cant see any possibly reason for that ) . How can we get it back up ?? Dam haters ..
yo bro, i bought some beats off you, im still waiting on them..
Thanks for your support! We <3
Yea! Got my copy of Dame Philology's Charrette … Brings back memories
RT : Its vital that we get leaders in our schools & districts to get connected. They can lead teachers toward connectedness.
sky being I are going to problem
They would be way more famous within a year Don't you think? And yep!
Thanks for the link to the blog post! We've only seen about 1/3 of those - time for another visit!!
You're welcome, Lauren!
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL
She made my childhood memories!!
Wen i say your beautiful i don ju mean your looks
naa i got school monday
lol we used to get that Alot
#twitter lists can also get you get feel for what ppl talking about in your industry.
back to the gym.
No man should escape our universities without knowing how little he knows
maybe Larry David is taking in another Dodger game with Curb
Great! :-) great to hear. What job?
#WeWontWorkoutIf your not DTF: Dedicated, Trustworthy, and Faithful.
Just started watching regularly and now think I'm falling for
Yeah I did see those pictures... lol fuck me maybe?
because I think it is relevant...
Serena Williams is doing Weight Watchers commercials now?
Just came back from Church:) Happy Day before Easter:)
I get 's tweets sent to my phone...thats how much i like himm and his music(:
Nice! I'm looking forward to Stone Punk ;-)
oh just read ur previous tweet! Hsn flat belly im in!!!
Can't say I've seen him sign yet, no
#mygraduationspeech is trending. Lets just say my graduation wasn't enjoyable bc of the two LONG ASS speeches I had to sit through
ITS GAMEDAY!!! hosts FSU at 6pm here at John Sessions Stadium!
blah. im so bored. im gonna tan:D
Donna Summer died ... RIP love. <3
Thanks, Eli! Maybe they can provide a translation. This really helps. I'll keep you posted!
Aww your a guy directioner <3 ppl say that guy directioners are gay and I always say no your gay for calling them gay
I love you too sister!
your welcome you know im just saying the truth many boys will never admit that :) btw i like your tweets :D
lol chill, and I will get the review tomorrow and take the test Monday
Let yourself shine! Your best life, career & relationships are ones where you get to be you. How can you shine today?
I'm young, handsome, and focused
you wake up boo!
the bully comment was sarcasm btw
AWE!! Thank you Josh! that made me smile!! =] I appreciate it! How was your long car ride the other day?
Making excuses for why you fat and sloppy but you want somebody to love you,
Tonight: Richard Shaten 7pm til bartime..woohoo! Drink specials, music, stars above...what better way to spend a Friday night!
watching The Lion King for a little. Haven`t seen it since I was like 9
your on twitter
": #ΑΦΑ Fraternity, Inc. Develops #Leaders, Promotes #Brotherhood while providing #Service & #Advocacy for our #Communities..."
Getting ready for exciting Weekend, 3rd highschool graduating son, woohoo
Caitlin Harper: in the past few weeks of talking to you and then this last week hanging out everyday over break was awesome. Your so sweet
can't believe we're almost halfway through october
and kitties. She makes kitties look awful.
I love her. <3 So much.
Ridin solo tonight once again
Is it me or did travel like a MoFo on that last move to the hoop? Jump step, pivot, drag/switch pivot foot, go up....???
Underground and Wild Wesley about to get rolling
Thought it was Wednesday all day today. Drat.
Your guide to a successful internet marketing strategy:
Yes to epic wishes, and yes to VS show! I LOVE the fantasy bra/wings!
Don't know who I was fooling when I thought I could buy a bag of Reese's eggs and save them long enough to share with coworkers.
Hour 6 of 15- more coffee please
Watching any good movies this weekend?
hahah, consider yourself followed ;)
we will follow you !
I did tv play-by-play for a bball game once and ran out of things to say about 20 min in. Tonight gave me flashbacks!
Fellini's 8 1/2 is my least favorite film I've watched in quite some time.
boy you should've asked around!hah
Oh my god asdghjhlakdfkdsskjdgs I didn't know you could still see my about me on fb. I need to change that. How embarassing O_O
Paws up, little monster!
what about the one in Miami?
just saw him in the winter and hadn't seen Miike Snow yet.
So finally followed me back!
ooh. she ratchet
Making good long-term relationship choices requires clarity about who you are and what you want.
“We should be able to text 911. You know just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.”
Thx4Flw I love Sarasota, used to live there, the AT is on my list. Looking fwd to ur book "a bear visits us in the shower." WOW!
Very interesting article about Supervisor Paul Cesarz and his dereliction of duty. But the paper still does not tell the whole story...
Zimmerman has been charged with murder in the second degree, ABOUT TIME!!!! Wtf Florida http....://t.co/iFMHjk82”
Today lunck is at Sams Club with a slice of pizza and green tea
Yeah I hear you. Should be able to get quite a few catches as usual in that #Patriots offense.
#AllHailAle Nos 15 (Bier de Garde) and 16 (Schwartzbier) duly racked to secondary and stored in the crawlspace, to emerge in March or April.
I think it very annoying when two-by-four little hick teachers from outside of New York try to analyze our system and give us advice. [1944]
Love these! Just need to get through my current stack... 12 Creative Business Cards via
Amazing show!!! I'm so proud of my ladies!!! Thanks to everyone who came! Muah!
Have you tried to play Diablo3?
lacrosse game with my girls :)
Amen. Now, get thee to bed!
Praying for all of you right now
umm i have a surprise for you :)
sweet! You did an amazing job!
fantasia ck us out great songs by Barbara brown and others !
NBA commentator called the Spurs "middle class" guys. OK, maybe except for the whole all-of-them-being-millionaires thing.
I'm wearing shorts and a shirt. Outside! In San Francisco! Pinch me.
I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them.
#ThoughtsDuringOralSex Can I pass him my HPV like this?
I feel ya. Hence my current project, as you know.
u don't like being favored ? Lol hey guess wat ms.Komoda accepted my request xD LiKe A bOsS >:D
The girls are really kinda hard on Jamie I believe. Just too much BS & psycho fans!
okay come about 11 ill be at the door its $10 to get in $5 to perform
If you live in Los Angeles come see us LIVE at Genghis Cohen Thursday September 1st!! WORD
Sounds like Rich Rodriguez is about to be named the next Arizona #Wildcats Football coach. Thoughts?
Love is like dominoes. One wrong move and everything you've worked for is gone
Kardashian pregnant??!!! That's what's up!!
Just saw ur tweet. Will be writing most of the day today -- after taking my morning walk, either in the rain or on treadmill
Dont keep waiting for somebody to put u on. Or for friends to get on so they can put u on.... Get to work on Ur life
We are officially registered to attend the 2011 Western Arts Alliance Annual Conference in Seattle, WA Aug. 29 - Sept 2. Will you be there?
if I had to choose between the sun or you , I'd be one nocturnal sun of a gun ;)
JUST FOLLOWED ME :D
We've made a lot of pro-gress in the manner in which we say the word pro-cess...
fewer cops on the street
easily the craziest "offer" I've ever seen on twitter!
Just makin sure you knew, wouldn't want you to miss that!!
When you're almost done doing dishes and someone comes and puts their plate in the sink.
wheels is so cute!
gonna watch the Matches today right now #City vs
I think there is a list somewhere. The website didn't have links. I will look.
are you still tongue tied?
Hi Carlo long time no talk. How you been my friend?
#SFIC - Tip: if you have the option, use interchangable core next time you have to rekey panic/exit devices. = long term cost savings.
Congrats to Dutton author Seré Prince Halverson whose debut THE UNDERSIDE OF JOY hits shelves today with terrific reviews.
I certainly hope not but it ia an interesting premise
So glad you are enjoying them! I literally melted into a puddle after having the vanilla flavored one last night.
Jedward was my big ear worm from last year. And the video was like a Target ad!
It's the worst when your in a hurry to leave in the morning and your windows are frosted over.
actually got some minutes, scored 11 points, #BBN way to go!
What do you think playd needs to get you on board? Tell us your thoughts of where you see this app going and how we can help you!
Literally just failed my math final... I maybe got 20%
After 3pm today, buy 1 salad or sandwich and get 50% off, dine in only, just say "1942" at the register. Only for our loyal followers!!
“If you go looking for what you’re already comfortable with, you’re never going to get anything better than what you've got right now.”
Coconut Bliss is pretty great.
Yes! RT I encouraged a new friend to read #SunStandStill a couple weeks ago. Today I heard him encourage others to do the same.
Understand your competition. Even considering becoming one of their clients so you can learn their standards and rise above them.
We can control our attitudes, we just choose not to sometimes.
My new song will be debut soon. Bossi It- Tessiyah feat Switch Ill : Japan, Evan Wrekn: Houston Tx/ Ground Zero Album Produced by J...
Free admission coupon to in today's Indy Star! Valid for Wednesday or Thursday admission.
what the heck am I do up still? Oh the neighbors are psychotic. I can hear them scream their brains out. And Lily are passed out.
They "began a friendship," more like.
I would be like am I dreaming ?!?!
Orton clearly outplaying Tebow early in camp. Fans want the latter. #Dolphins lurking. #Broncos in a tough situation.
Collective bargaining and the right to organize helped build a strong American middle class.
Sweet. We'll meet up inside before the game! See you then!
what person in their right mind would ever name their child tinleigh?
Midnight quesadilla makin with mi madre :)
It's like watching Old Yeller in 3D lol RT : Why would anyone want to see Titanic... Spoiler alert Leo dies.
hangin out with awesome friends and watching degrassi
Typed the name wrong, argh.
ina bad mood tonight!
RT Promoters let us build your client list. Become a #Vegas Promoter on our soon to launch website and have us send leads to you!
Wishing I was a "morning person" about now...
Still reading In the Cause of Freedom by Makalani. Great book, but an
It was lovely to see you again too. I was hoping we would get to talk more. We will have to chat soon.
rock chalk!
"Harlem Book-Down" Holla.
U really do have to watch who u have kids wit. So many people r immature n will try n keep ur kid from u
Listening to Fast Forward by and YOU GUYS ROCK!!!!
I just watched someone take the time to stop and smell the roses.
Frankie!!!! How r ya?!? We need a Frankie J fix in SAn Antonio! You spoiled us last year! :) Hope all is well! :)
Ha! RT Had to share via Twitter: "Makeup can do a lot of things, but it can't erase crazy."
The bus is empty today. I guess because of 4/20.... But I am high everyday.... On Jesus(:
Can't wait! Already pre-ordered my copy! Looks like another winner!
that shits scary and a long walk through yards..
do you look yourself in the eye and think who you line between your thighs
Kristin Cavallari and Ashley Tisdale face off wearing an Alice + Olivia skirt. Who wore it better?
i'm from indonesia :)
the one to many is still not good even if you have increased the many to everyone.
I would love to kick your ass you little push
Arizona bans funding to Planned Parenthood in abortion fight
Come on in and make yourself comfortable just PRESS Like! at the bottom of this page
fuck that Hazard-Canal + stories..what's the next question to him now..red or blue undies!?
Why the Hell is it so expensive to eat healthy? A pack of porkchops is $12. Center cut salmon fillets $22. This is y ppl r so fat.
who!! See ya there
Our pleasure! RT - A big thanks to for all the access and extra efforts this week
This is not kinect adventures, you don't get to choose your own adventure!
keep ya head up!
I hate how the NFL Network is discussing Peyton more than they are the
you know what, I actually have email alerts turned on. I just don't always catch all my emails that I actually want to read...
cuz your vagina became too wide set and there was no longer room for me! Lmao!
on a mission #Naptown bound
we might be headed that way again
I endorse for 's 2012-13 committee.
My first bite of Sub #9 in the Ace hotel and now I know what all the fuss is about.
Remember Reflect Pray. Make A Difference today! Join us at Mt.Olive Lutheran Church in Greenwood from 4-6p to donate blood.
Tyga (Careless World)
Both of u!!
Closed up shop and headed to for a pint or two and the place was PACKED!
Who's attending the keynote address from 's Dr. Steve Perry?
#NF oh and happy birthday! (:
Yeah, I probably would. Tablets are great, and I think the Fire is going to be the no-brainier alternative to iPad.
are you there??
so due to AVENGERS kicking box office ass, I cannot attend VIDEODROME and have to work later
what a friend u r Sheesh...
In truth, was thinking of pinching it as my own (tho I like mine fine) The character idea's even better - actually doable :)
Standing in the Biology of Bioluminescence exhibit at the NHM looking at beautiful moving sculptures of deep ocean creatures
Good night Kourt!!!!!!
at does great work in MENA region thru facilitated our intro.
how u been
What do I want for fathers Day?
On a date tonight. Yay us!
On our way to see in City
Today is going to be a long funn day :D
that's quite a look BBG x
As always, is my fav show on TV. Thx & Jason Katims. I hope to make grt TV like that someday
just kindled Under the Skin, Faber.
Seriously so glad I went tonight, so worth it
exactly lol RT : that shits funny as fuck lol, and he'll have a stone face killer expression 100 percent of the time
thanks for providing the opportunity for me to learn something new...even if it steals my limited free time.
Insanity-Pure Cardio. Seriously?!?! I just got my butt handed to me. That's intense cardio!
Note to self: Stop reading the side effects of the medications you are taking while you have anxiety and panic (PTSD).
#1DtourUSA Louis will you do stop the traffic let'm through? :) -Bailey and Caitlin<3 June 2nd section 203 row D seat 25
Hahah it was a bear they found in a tree near Will Vill. They tranquilized it and are relocating it. Great action shot, hahah
Inspiration comes from understanding that every crisis presents an opportunity.
Thanks to our publicist! RT : w/ a full-on media blitz today:
I love how close and are
They still will be picking in a few picks, still talent there. It's worth it in this back end of the draft to move back a few.
Bullying Prevention Tip #6 - Stay Informed about the issue...the dynamic is always moving
And we're on our way!
It's nice to log onto iTunes & see that Van Halen has a new CD. Even better that there's no "explicit", "clean" choice. "Tattoo! Tattoo!"
Romantic tour of Washington Irving's beautiful home 'Sunnyside'. I love the landscapes and architecture of the Hudson river valley!
"The death of a loved one should not be a taxable event." -Senator John Thune
Happy 2012! What are your goals for the year? Anything hair related?
welcome. Happy to do a favor for a good friend.
I wish I had more energy today, there's a million things I wanna get done.. but this rainy weather is sucking the life from me!!
Pretty sure I didn't pass the AP Comp test today xP
of course, forgiven :) and quite well, thank you for asking! and i hope yours is going smoothly as well!
no. Let me wallow inself pity.
yes knew Benny Profane and played gigs with them!
cool beans~ :)
I say we see each other :)
thanks for the follow!
Holy shit it is so packed in detroit!.
When people say the water from The water fountain is a certain color... I'm just there like what? Are you high or something?....
taking roommate apartment applications...prefer to live with dudes like the big bang theory...pure entertainment provided for free!
I have a ? Tweeters why do these artist put out mixtapes, a album and half the time their mixtapes are better than their album
#Watching Jersey Shore haha
I gota get my eyebrows done soon!
The Red Queen posters look fantastic in a frame! Thanks for attending ALICE!
Listening to all sorts of sirens blaze in downtown Richmond. Been a rough day for traffic and emergencies. Hope everyone is ok.
Cant stand talking to someone who claims they there for you.. when all they do is make it seem like your talkin to yourself... smh
eat snacks motherfucker eat snacks
I know whats 4 dinner Monday! RT : HEADS it is! So excited 2 give #freepapajohns 2 every Papa Rewards member!
thanks man, miss you, going to check out your reel... Hope la is good.
She tried to jack me off, can't beat it join it
she doesnt need a twitter in order to get some love on yours. (x
Can you really call him a "catcher" if he can't catch a pitch? The #Nationals would like to know, #Cubs produce run off passed ball
I want to thank everyone at the for taking such good care of me last night and working around my boot. They protected me all night!
RT : The Indiana Pacers have secured home court advantage in the First Round of the 2012 Playoffs.
reached the 700 followers mark...plus a few!!!! :D
if you wanna be my friend don't kiss up just kiss my ass hehe
Thursday's Bonus Point: Check out Cargo Coffee on South Park Street. Take a picture outside of the store!
up here doing that 'young jeezy' two handed dance thing. I'm about to fire her ass clean the smooth up.
thanks gurl i was like bawling my eyes out and right before school to
why so addicting., WHHHYYYY
Heart skips a beat and when I called you, you were out of reach, but I'm sure you've heard that before.
Hi From James Gang SKC! We are a Missouri Western Sporting Kansas City Support Group. We would love to have you in the group!
I ain't mad at ya
It's not DiGiorno...It's Delivery!
I was one of the people screaming :D !!!! Im like your biggest fan EVER I LOVE YOU!!!!!
First attmept at making gnocchi was a huge flop. Watching Ra One and I swear every other word is gnocchi. It's haunting me!
Come on man. You like dudes that dress up, wear makeup and have long tongues...
Brian is too pale to wear a white jacket.
Neither can we, thanks!
It must begin that process automatically upon "placement" in the starting position,regardless if it is by your hands, or an adjoining track.
YES! i saw that trend and i was like what does this even...i just i don't know even any more -__-
Getting ready to do my one woman comedy Dancing with my Demons tonite at the Whitefire Theatre.
Weak applause for lower tuition. Must be everyone in the audience has kids that already graduated
Can you send me a little list of the things you can do for a company? ..thanks! Julie Ann Stricklin
Does anybody have any advice for the budding entrepreneur thinking of leaving her job in a few months? Unemployment as startup funds?
We will be hosting a #WoundedWarrior silent auction again June 9th! ~ Followed by a Flames of War tournament! Stay tuned for more info!
In my room being lonely, listening to 1D, and petting my doggy wubz!:)
hey abby hows summer going!! i miss you! i wish we couldv'e hung out this summer but i am so busy in august! text me girl!
Greetings, Tweeters! If you're a K-12 teacher, check out for new information about our 2010 American history seminars!
hey friends, welcome to the middle of the week.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx SCOTT ROSS, ExecProd
Got some good news i am now currently working for F2k i gotta say i am happy to be apart of such a great team!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's gonna stab you in the back....
Thanks so much!! has the best shows and we love I am sure you follow them already but if not...
Chris can get it ♡♡♡
Going to ty ty 's high school graduation (: <3
Just picked up Skinny (out in October) at the booth; already hooked. Very strong voice.
The butterflies in the book are actually snout-nosed butterflies.
I beat Fez. I didn't really realize that's what I was doing. I never, for example, for translated the language. Or numbers. :\
Oh ladies, you guys make me laugh :-)
that actually is really true in my life right now... Thanks <3
Let's just say that it takes 2 trips to the liquor store. 2.5 bags of ice, 3 martini shakers, & 4 bottles of champagne.
No - but ok w/me b/c it's an area of interest. Then again, I think I should've expected it b/c of CIC focus right now.
so addicted to #FaceOff new season starts now!
hey lady so good to hear from. How are you?
Im out
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. - Benjamin Franklin
RT "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
Pizza extravaganza, check! Enjoy yourself and the quality fam time.
It's hard to believe he's never once made it past the first round of the playoffs.
First win of the season!!
Mick Jones in the house last night, great show, undeniable legend. Nice coat too.
The day I learn something from the Borg (which- huh?) is the day you have permission to punch me in the face.
Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can be easy and the same time frustrating. It can be very easy...
How crazy is this line for cap & gown? Am I right?
I fucking hate school. >.>
High school really does change people,
Bwahaha! Sorry! Didn't mean to imply that served a particular type of hot dog. :-0
Still waiting for the first ovay of the night.
okay love you
send me your email address and we will send deals for June in Canada over
look at u u can b sweet when u wanna b :)
There's contact information on their website & info on the project. Send them an email and see how you can get involved.
why!? I dont like you
I almost wish I smoked... do you realize how much money I could redirect into investing by quitting????
I GOT NOHTIN LEFT YEAH ITS ALL ALRIGHT I GUESS ITS ALL ALRIGHT
Just cuz I missed a phone call doesn't mean I'm wit a nigga
"In the end, we decide if we're remembered for what happened to us or for what we did with it." ~Randy K. Milholland
has anyone really been banned from BA yet for following?
I have this recurrent want to travel back in time to play a concert covering my 10 favorite songs from the last ten years. Is this normal?
I'm going to be sore tomorrow.
I got you back girl <3
Why is everyone acting like I have two heads lately?
FOLLOW ME! I LOVE YOU! (: <3
Snow, where? In sunny SoCal.
That awkward moment when you use a twix in an awkward situation but it doesn't make things less awkward.
Taking the kids to rita's for an ice.
We are glad you enjoyed it. We were right there with you, we all won seeing a performance like that by
BUSINESS FIRST, TRAIN HARD, LEAVING IN A FEW DAY'S
On my way to the cheesecake factory!!!!
"Your voice was the soundtrack of my summer Do you know your unlike any other?"
She wanna watch maury
Thanks for the follow!
Preventative Maintenance on your Furnace or Boiler can ensures it's running safely, efficiently & eliminate a service call this winter...
#itsboring when yhu are about to play cards with yhur parents...haha
happy mothers day to the best mom ever! Love ya mum!
I'll be here all week. What's best for you? I can be on campus at any time tomorrow Tuesday.
I've be working, working, and doing alil more work...
Mandatory service? #GOODasks If the employee gets a chance to pick when & where, the drive to volunteer isn't interfered with too much
idk you look familiar lol? Maybe from down southside or something idk
BerryLine food truck at MIT....I like it! You make our day!! :)
So I'm giving a presentation on Git tomorrow and I can't help but title it "Let's Git it oooonn, sugahhrr! Let's Git it on..."
you don't know how much i wish i had
phone so dry!.. no messages, no calls
Could be worse. Could be Selectric, in which case all that turns you on are ancient typewriters (??).
they made it right today! Thank goodness!
THANK GOD. What on earth would we do without Lil Wayne?
#TPGUncensored - Balance, what's that. It would be great just to feel it for a day.
Catching up on Happy Endings. Holy crapola this show is funny.
can we call the big chill 4 "Daddy Issues"
what a scary deal. glad you're ok JM
Iced coffee is not supposed to taste like Sushi.
I have been craving pasta all week!
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence
We brought on an intern getting a Masters in sustainability. We're working on a biz plan focused on edible green roofs & edible green walls
That isn't too far from me, but can't go. Will u be in Indianapolis anytime in the future?
I'm going to try and get a quick ten minutes in before work on both Thursday and Friday.
IN Quotes: "Feel the Fear and do it anyway."
Never in my life did I expect to be rooting against Dainius Zubrus in 2012.
RSM is downtown at the video shoot with for the Dum Fum video shoot.
dnt make me lose my mind up in here
congrats on the #startup, Carlos
yah that's sucks..
go to the link and find out!
Aww yeah! Donald a very smart man for leaving too. Lol! I know they have. I might be working at one near my school 
Richmond bound!! Bring on the humidity!
NP "If i ever fall in love"
LA weather fail
I think its just tweet a bunch of tweets night! haha
venous congestion and blue undereye circles can't be lasered away in my opinion. topicals help by thickening skin. surgery takes bags away.
T.I.'s Voice is Amazing (:
JLo is so pretty and her performance is really good
That's what's up
Reynolda House is helping continue Bearden's centennial celebrations...We debut "A Black Odyssey" October 13!
Belated thanks for all who came to likemind Chicago - see you next month on the 21st of August!
it's gonna b great I'm sure Melissa is a natural, and I also cant wait for new show either!!!
#filmfest #submissions festival seeking short and feature films in all genres. For more information, visit...
To all my new followers Thank You, and enjoy your day!
That's great! The concert AND the reference-(unintended on my part). With your feet in the air and your head on the ground...
Idol sucked this year, glad it's over. Ellen was a horrible addition to the show..It will tank after next year. Idol is not run by GE is it?
aw! have a great time!!!
Can't believe my old friend Vi is on Twitter!
Molly works in our School of Creative Arts. She signs up students for Art Scholarship Talent Day! 260-399-7700 ext. 8001.
Born to be mild
If you got a #Mac for the holidays in 2010, and you did not buy #AppleCare yet, you might still have a few days to apply it. Call us w/ SE#
I'ma knock down yo' fortress of loneliness, nigga! (Might be a tweet.)
WHITE PUMA
she been kissing a girl some she started dating JB
One of my favorite albums of all time.
Safe in NYC. LA was a monsoon this morning.
Ugh so bored wish my cousins were still in mia
If you've found yourself in a situation that is making you unhappy or unhealthy it probably didn't happen overnight.
the tattoo plans fell apart?
what u running for?
Yea I guess so
royce white from iowa st could be the next lebron
I think i like you, but why?
Who needs sleep?
I DON'T argue ... So if you call me w/an attitude or talking stupid I'm going to ask you ONCE to calm down, after that you I'm hanging up :)
I figured out emojis! 👏👏
I have such a headache
Thanks Cincinnati for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
It was such a blessing to get to share last Friday with so many! Especially our online worshippers! May you be blessed this morning!
how does one end up with 3 valid US passports?
Just learned that the music library has acquired a lot of New Orleans best hip hop. Awesome!
Listen to me on Stan Turner's radio show at 12pm today. www.klbbradio.com
What do you think of my 50 states tournament?
When I see the previews to #DarkShadows, it makes me think #EdwardScissorhands went from being #Goth to
well put. Love it!
Watching all of 's #rosebowluw videos to get fired up for tomorrow
Don't allow temporary fantasies scar you permanently!
No, we're skipping them. We'll head over there for a beer or two after the game.
#Obama is a stooge. Save homeowners now? What about all those who lost their homes under his watch before? Jerk.
please follow me:) my bday will be over soon and all i want is a follow to make my birthday special
As a baptized Catholic--can I just say that I am disgusted by the war on sisters and on the Girl Scouts.
on MSNBC's #edshow right now
Happy New Year everyone!
Have you worked on your dreams today?
It doesn't matter who it is. Bill O'Reilly interrupts anyone. Lupe was too polite.
Kaya Henderson: the edreform movement can't exclude the people it's for: students, parents, teachers, community members
hahah Ay girl lmfao! But I mean hopefully he can give you points ah lmfao!
"Sometimes I wish I could turn some girls into guys so I could punch them."
Build muscle and strength
I wanna hear all about ur awesome vacation....ah, never mind I heard enough.
The results of the Screenwriter's Competition hosted by will be announced at the tent village at 10:30
So awesome you are representing the burgh in such an awesome way! We need a black and gold variant! Keep up the awesome work
I'd buy that explanation if he didn't say "tonight." Presumably his hecklers were not partisans of some other GOP candidate.
Thanks for checking!
I understand, but once you master it, it's so much fun!
can relate to that so much
a huge thank you to we had a great weekend of fire breathing fun. Looking forward to being vendors next year.
Mario Lopez has earned his 23rd dimple. Congratulations to Mario and his family if he has one!!
Detroit Tigers Justin Verlander just throws gem of a one-hitter after 8 1/3rd of no hit baseball. Awesome.
right ! I was saying the same thing!
yay! I'll let you know if they hire me! ^.^
working out today
Mick I will never forget your stint on Redeye when you mistook another guest for someone else. LMFAO.
Just saw the best license plate cover..."When you live in denial anything is possible"
“: but what's next? How can we move beyond just live tweeting?” you tell us ! Hahaha
From BrianTracy: "The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity." Thomas J. 'Tom' Peters
I am love you girls
it is April 2nd.
Wow! First time we havw been ahead in the series! Go #nats!
Actually it was at about 90% this morning! lol Friday will knock the "edge" off! It's just around the corner!:)
Good morning peeps, thugs, gangsta's, fire up ya sweets, ladies time to get up from ya beauty sleep.... Stay Tuned... Haan
Well piss. I guess I better figure that out! Thanks, chick.
The New York Home Buyer Expo 2012 @ The LaGuardia Marriott April 21, 2012 Will your company be an Exhibitor/ Sponsor/ Panelist? If you...
Welcome to NY. RT : Soon as the plane landed people are arguing!
Auburn won yesterday! Tell your sis I said WAR EAGLE!!!!
A friend of mine actually read it when it was a Twilight fanfic.
This was a crazy ass day!
I just started Homeland tonight and it seems pretty good. Game of Thrones is solid, too
$100 of worthless vouchers for the F. What a poor girl to do? Thanks for the 'help'.
cute shirts, were do I order?
hahaha yes, unfortunately.
when will I see you again?
i feel like i let down. i didn't buy his album until today..i apologize
lol thanks....you so need a new pic of me. lol
...looking like by the end of the month!
Oxygen Women&#39;s Fitness Magazine | Training, Nutrition, Fat Loss ...
RT : I love her<< c'mon son, please don't tell me my own cuz gettin soft out here
RT : Guess which Irish author (frequently referenced as successor to Joyce) will be at the Rosenbach the week of BLOOMSDAY?
In college some people are more fortunate then others RT : Forgive me. Didn't meet cheap people til college.
#yougottaberealspecial to be a Redskins Fan!
Things to love about River North: smells like chocolate
S/o this old couple at least 70 are putting in work on the bench. Damn. They look like they could die any sec. Weightlighting gloves and all
Andrew Bird's latest too RT ...Sleigh Bells & Springsteen's Wrecking Ball now available on Freegal
me neither!!!!
Ishikawa goes the yard!
If given the choice, which 1 would you pick to do: cardio, weights or yoga?
So you teased us with the topics that Jurgen covered but no details. Give us the details of what he said!
that would be fantastic! shoot us an email at and we can share any info you may need
Here's a recommendation for a free iPad app. The #London Design Museum is wonderful and it now has it's own Design collection app for free.
Sweet dreams..
awesome. My wife and I went and love it. We love Napili Point. A cove is there with the best snorkeling.
hey, where's the drink I ordered? :)
RB are a dime-a-dozen in NFL.<-Yes they are but having a workhorse RB coming along is rare<-workhorse=short shelf life for
Let me know if it falls through, a friend of mine is a freelance designer. I'd be happy to put you two in touch.
If you were smart and bought VIP tickets to tonight’s Taste of the Nation benefit for SOS, then you’ll get to taste what Lee’s made.
probably from sitting in a theater for 12 hours yesterday
I loved the show today great job
How do you not like Justin Timberlake?
putting on a red and black feather boa, spinning in circles, and trying to whistle (no success)
maybe and hour and a half or two. We'll decide what kind of video to make. Oh and your videos on youtube are funny. xD
Happy New Year everyone!!
off to grab some warmth and wind and sunshine
Family is discussing my grandfathers colonoscopy. Great way to start easter weekend and the introduction of
Not much of a runner? Consider race walking. It’s quick, it’s challenging, and it’s also an Olympic sport.
Man Eddie Griffin is too funny
I FINALLY finished the Hunger Games series. Now I have nothing better 2 do :,(
thank you. :)
ZN Poll: Retirement has been over-sold, 42 percent of Boomers plan to continue working as long as able.
Rick Santorum loses Michigan...there may be hope yet?
There are 2 things certain in life death and taxes
lol, why is it hot?
