I don't understand Desigual either. I tried but it's just not my style.
nope no noo
1st w/ their AbsolutGreyhound commercial, and now with a Bud Light Platinum commercial? Next:
I generally use that, with the addition that the first few pages must earn the remainder of the 50.
has found another thing on the internet he'll likely never update.
I just wanna live a average life with over average money!!
Thank you so much for RT'ing the Astros throwback pic & Footer's article. Damn that shooting star is gorgeous. (Yes, HOU is fave!)
"Forearm is part of the ball!" - Mike Conley
"Call Me Maybe" was my request, actually.
Better believe I'm getting it
No sorry
Hey the Chiefs should go after David Garrad since we have NO true backup and maybe become starter!!
I never realized how often I visited Wikipedia until they turned it off.
the simplest things in life are NOT!!!! FREE!!!!!
Will not tweet 1000th until orioles win, hope I don't regret this
IT IS TOO EARLY FOR LUNCH.
RT : In Miami's Design District having an effin blast.
Alright alright I see wut u did der. Good thing I can survive weeks off of food I gots da pool
Big ups to the homie Kev Brown for having the #1 LP on . Peace and God bless you soldier!
I remember the shy quiet teenager Woods when I worked with him on his first commercial ever; a Titleist spot we shot in ORL.
Kiss me in front of everyone
(c) Tactful, constructive suggestions would only be of help to everyone.
I'm not looking forward to traveling tomorrow:-((( I hope there is NO long lines.
You show that you workin and they just give you stuff
I'm pretty sure if you were hungry enough, you'd eat chicken:)
Digital Public Library (#dpla) is an important and exciting project. Interested to hear what #mw2012 folks think -- presenting now.
dang lol, well I hope that goes well too
Where do they want to put a memorial?I had a lady dressed in a suit come to my door, obv. selling something.Didn't answer my door.
can't wait.
Follow your elected official on Twitter! Like them on Facebook!
ninja turtles? Yes, indeed.
Workin' hard making music!
Yo! Follow my real account
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me17
and to me ?
ya welcome!
The trailer for Don Wharton's movie= slideshow of airplane pictures+annoying airplane noise in the background
Crappy #weather in East Texas.
Working out the final details for the paid version of Progression for iPad! Stay tuned for details...www.notionmusic.com
Glad you are enjoying our tweets! Looking forward to yours as well. Have a great week!
it's April 20. Would be nice to wake up without hearing the furnace kick on...
Some girls fall for the guy who could care less, & guys fall for the girl who would sleep with his bestfriend. Relationships man
so glad we're here! Time to play & work ": Landed in Charleston, SC for great wknd w/ fellow dietitians!
Is it weird that I want to salt everything with caramel in it??
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that friendships don't last very long.
"Excuse me for bein blunt, but I've been eatin cunts since pimps was pushin pink Caddies with the fish tank pumps"
not with you xoxoxo
I know right. Stupid Starbucks guy screwing up my drink, how dare him -_-
I think your twitter got hacked?
Happy #recordstoreday In The Blood available on vinyl get it
Patients w/my vendors is wearing thin. I am in serious awe of how people function in society with the intelligence levels they demonstrate
Excited about the opportunities headed PTP's way! Hoping to have an open house soon. Be on the lookout!
my glasses are pretty ill put a picture up later
Don't drag my love around, volcanoes melt me down.
but quite frank it's my number 1 taking on my number 3,so i don't care who wins.
this belgian waffle maker is seriously the best thing ive ever bought
we were whispering, idk why you have supersonic hearing lol.
Wade a goon!
I hate when people flake on shit last minute.
rite all of a sudden!
AH!!! Fresh seafood! I so miss it ...hard to find in landlocked TX!
- Welcome Chang! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
#weekends should be 3 days..keep it going
Enjoying the nice weather over in Middletown! What happened to 95% chance of rain? #mother nature...ppsshhh!
RT : Dance company brings Dutch flair to & gives an audience appeal for on May 4....
Translation and localization is $30 billion biz.
Danny Coale just experienced the worst call of the NCAA season! Hokies hold your heads high that was a good game!
Had a great time with my daughter. Also a good nights rest
Riley fam road trip all six of us this could end in violence
the ref has earned the #NOTthebestpersonever label! “: Seriously don't give chance yellow cards.”
tonight's a torico's kind of night, feels like they've been closed for 7 years at this point :(
Twitter is not working right now, it's not letting me follow back. When it works I will follow back :D
"The great thing is, there are going to be lots of firsts for us."
why is it off if you don't mine me asking?
Looking for info on the famous "six American Authors" course run by Yale (?) in the 50s. Please retweet.
well they're on sale til thursday, so feel free :)
My Grad Play, Uncommon Women and Others. Then I'm all graduated! Pretty exciting. :)
Damn. This Kindle is like having my own crack dealer.
No idea why #ScorpiosRule is trending but like this: Scorpios RULE because they truly understand human nature & can spot a phony a mile away
Listening to Beirut's The Rip Tide and doing some work :-)
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Ironically lsu looks alot like tennessee right now lol
Classic Clay moment I'm gonna get in your.... Buahahahaha
Better to sweep than be swept. Lake-show. Where did you go?!!
Driving 25 MPH in the center lane of the freeway...really? No, really?
Thanks to everyone who visited our table at the Holiday Craft Market. And thanks to for hosting such a fun event!
A ginger just sat next to me at the quads. Thanks for ruining my appetite!
Impressive Lahiri tied 7th in Seoul Anirban Lahiri continued his good from as he shot a one-under 71 to be placed tied seventh on a wind-
Del losing to Lil Wayne is a joke
i'm thinking 1st place would be a great birthday present for us aren't you?
That's a heckuva commitment, my friend. Let me mull that over. I'm still squirming a little about the summer.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
#Occupy discussion at #afs11: the spectrum between activist/folklorist, documentation/action, our scholarly selves and our activist selves.
The joke's on Alexander Semin. I spew nonsense from my bedroom. I don't even have a basement!
aww, I wouldn't have missed it :) ya'll did great!
"We don't concentrate to run away from our suffering. We concentrate to make ourselves deeply present." (Thich Nhat Hanh)
Users can post blogs, images, videos, links, quotes and audio to their tumblelog, follow + be followed, re-bloged + referenced
Just did the John Yowell Marine call after eating something spicy.
excellent Jackie. I love that.
I enjoyed the show last nite. I know a celebrity. It seems like yday we were shooting the cover for Birmingham Woman!
RT : Happy baseball birthday to Babe Ruth. And yesterday was Hank Aaron's birthday. Talk about a solid back-to-back combo.
I've been listening to #SAYSOMETHIN for 2 hours. Thanks for making such amazing music!!!! :)
More than 5.6 million tons of litter, actually. That's how much is made each year in the U.S.
haha..i know.
Enjoying some pampering
strong after shock in Japan 5.9.
don't get on one knee for no girl who would not get on two for you!!!!
Join our Commercial Instructor Ben Toplin for a FREE commercial into class this Wednesday! Interested?
it says youre following me so i think it works
HOLY CRAP JUST REALIZED THAT WAS LISABETH SALANDER FROM GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO
say iphone 3 times post this on 3 events wall go look under ur pillow
$10-$13 per hour will be the norm for your first few years
Same here! that bike gets many miles on it all year round!
was goodie follow me josh good look
BEST ROCK PROMO EVER. IM READY TO WHOOP SOMEONE'S ASS.
I've got some free time now before the keynote. Want to catch up?
ohh i havent either but 2 years later i met him and he lived with us so can we be tomboy sisters on twitter? :)
Overwhelmed with all the birthday love :) Thankful for great friends and family. Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!
will you please follow me??? You would make my night(:
Fuck Times Square its all about the outskirts
I got my technique down and everything, I don't be ticklin' or nothin'.
Sitting colliers Indy office showing off #CoStarGo and they are loving it!
It was so great meeting you! I'd love to meet up again and see how we can collaborate!
Heading back to Memphis from Baltimore in the morning. Adrenaline show this Friday at T.J. Mulligan's 64 show starts at 9:30.
storming rainy morning start to get warm and sunny again...love chicago weather
42 requests overnight to join the LinkedIn group. Did it get mentioned somewhere?
I hear Russian has the best in the world.
Pondering lunch and maybe heading over to look at some vintage road bikes.
I am going to be a Godmother to my nephew :)
Today in Literary History: Science fiction author Jules Verne ("A Journey to the Center of the Earth" & others) was born in France in 1828.
Just Saw My Cuddy At Ha Job...Gettin Me Somee Food.
I continue to be surprised by the ppl who follow just to get a follow back. What is the f*cking point? There's no value whatsoever.
Stop in tonight for all of our February specials and 2.4.1 shots! Jed, George and Jake are waiting...
I think Skip would bust Stephen A's ass in ball!
That Frustrating Moment When People Think That They No More About Ian Eatwood, Than Me. Umm Noo I've Been Supporting Him For 2 Years
I take that back...the roadies are in dress shirts and ties! Keepin' it classy.
“: So many shady people at Walmart this time of night..” just left there lol agreed.
I updated microsoft word. twice. before starting an essay
“: It’s National Walk to Work Day!" I was late, so had to take a cab this am, but I'll walk home!!
Ahh… Sunday two-for-one Bloody Marys at ’Nuff said.
thanks buddy. Good luck this season. Miss you
(Cont.) In statement Walker says no public money was used on his attorneys. He says he is meeting w DA voluntarily.
Check out Great stylist.
RT : #edtech is not about gadgets; it's about what we can do with the gadgets.
and present VHS or Beta at the Basement on 5/10! Tickets are only $10 in advance and on sale tomorrow!
my Gma said something at check out but not exactly what the problem was. Cause her name was on both hotel rooms.
discussing eportfolio thinking with the ELAC New Faculty Institute
I'm ready for you to see them
Oh yeah, that IS what we do isn't it :)
hey again just got a black soft case and a blue hard case
#WorstFeelingWhen you know your losing your bestfriend.
After your hike enjoy picnic lunch~relax to soothing sounds of NATIVE AMER. FLUTE PLAYERS 1-3pm MISSION TRAILS REGIONAL PARK VISITOR'S CNTR
Rappers please stop bringing your crazy friends on the set of your videos leave them fools home
RT : NY Post print headline: "Loss in Game 6 sends D.C. home for the summer!" I hope that this is bad karma for the rangers!
If any of you have Palladia, you should be watching now.
Your welcome (:
Well, if the 1500 kids I look at everyday are any indication, those black frames with no lenses are really cool.
yeah. Well everyone has their opinion I mean I like it!
Seriously cannot WAIT until and get here!!!
She still can't wrestle to save her life, tho... Um I meant <3!!
Good morning loves
Hamilton Tavern Happy Hour from 4:30-7:30. special drink prices and a 30% match to be donated to Hamilton Crop Circle's Kickstarter project!
Avengers was a GREAT movie.
We LOVE Cappadocia. We did the hot air ballon ride which was beyond amazing.
omg i just saw big time rush at the dolphins game singing the star spangled banner... oh my loves they sing so dangg well n_n <3 them!!!!!!!
Oh yes, it's just calling out me name, I shall go take a listen (:
just checking on you
awake having some coffee and checking mail and news getting ready to go back to work at Ten.. :-)
I've never put that theory to the #test, but I'll try most anything once.
w/s #moodle is a shop where you buy coffee (or mke ur own), but u can bring any book you want;-)
Have you had breakfast yet? We're cooking up our breakfast "burgers' for about 25 more minutes....
Stomach ache<< #blehh😷
Younger News: Different ages, different diapers
Gold's Gym is officially opening at 4pm today!
Thanks to everyone that tuned in tonight to Dr. Empowerment to hear Kevin's thoughts on Small Business IT Essentials
ITS STARTING OMG
you don't hate me do you ....
What would you rather have, Zach Morris' cellphone or Steve Urkel's suspenders?
Hertz HURTS! one person behind counter, 40 people in line thats not moving.
#85-Jason Babin-DE-Tennessee Titans
New members are joinin daily!!! Get relationship(or lack there of)support via virtual bra. For women ONLY! www.kissandim.com
I fell. Not my fault!
thanks :) will do. I know everyone makes mistakes, but this one stings! Luckily, I am loved...
Loving everyone on The Voice tonight!
“A Sunday well-spent brings a week of content.” ~ Proverb quotes
We're still thinking about Haiti. Are you?
talking about judicial review of presidential use of war powers, blah blah blah... but yeah, lol
did you get todays update? 5.1.1 is supposed to be more stable
Happy holidays to all, always more grace & harmony~
i wanna keep Cassie to myself ;) lol
bored on the mall
thats a good idea!! Thank you(: I'm just so nervous haha the presentation itself is a huge grade
Cool story, Hansel.
GM Tweoples! it's #nationalkissingday? who has the Required Reading on this? We'll b #GodzillaGrindin like shouts2
i want summer
aye justin, don't think anyone forgot about that funny twitvid you owe us uh huh i remember.
Yeah, exactly and then I'll have to beat little children and I hate doing that... -__-
GEE THANKS!!! Love you too! -.- U have to sign in!!! So sign in girl!!
Damn aight.. where smiley at i be tryna reach him.
You know what's happening tomorrow? <3333 insanely excited.
I wish i went to disney with band and chorous but whatever , im going next monthh , yeee cant wait :D
Hahaha he's so cute. GL>hakim
Glad you've learned about us! (cc )
I love Sunday afternoon naps... Feels like I'll probably be up all night now.
if nick would've known he would lose the decision, he would've just submitted him real quick. Chose the decision. Smart
Dean Leogrande and SIS Dean Goldgeier introducing faculty speakers,
if dirk hits that three with under a minute left , serious dagger ... But he missed !
Sausage and peppers. Comforting & delicious. RT : What's your favorite comfort food? Why?
Yes, talk dirty to me!!!!
Just wanting to lay in the rain during the night and stare up at the stars
k my bday is May 17 so i can:) when, an where and i will be there
hey :) y aren't u in any of austins videos? With Alex
The market opens at 10 today!
I get scared-scared!!! I grab my teddy bear! I feel fear when nobodys there.
Can't wait to swap with you on Apr 28! "I have lots of Prada & Versace clothes to trade in!" cc:
“: Stress can make you feel like crap. Explains so much. 😒”
: Intersections can be tricky; Koha community has rules to help.
Finally made it to my %10 goal! Totally living the points plus program!
Well good night lobes!!!
this guy is making #castle look silly
FootLoose= 1 of the best movies i ever seen <3
Colorado State equine students, young horses prepare for 2012 Legends of Ranching Performance Horse Sale
If you think your lonely now... um yea lol
try Juice Defender. I use it on my DROID.
Absolutely wholeheartedly agree!
“: Super excited to film with you guys!! RT ": 3 spots in the next 3 weeks!" We can't wait to shoot with you!!!!
I wanna play Spider 3 Y Banana !
Shit, it's easier deciphering the Dead Sea Scrolls than tryin' to figure out some of these acronyms you kids use on here. I need a Scotch.
yep...I think I can fit in there! Lol
Thanks so much for sharing your day with us !
Another successful party last night! Thank you to everyone that came out! Special thanks to all performing artists & Mr. ASAP as well!
where you be??
If you don't ever just smoke Yourself out, then your not a real
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions & The Naughty Back to School Party with DJ's Justin George & XES at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub
Washington Redskins 7 St. Louis Rams 0 15:00 in 2nd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
Omg. BEST MOVIE EVER!
I wanna see all your #throwbackthursday pictures guys!! (:
Great! Thanks for your support! It means a lot to me!
one yearlong scholarship, one single. keep dancing. Great faculty show pics on facebook
You too! Looks family will have more food than we can possibly eat. Happens every year.:)
getting into Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman by Robert J. Massie - good narrative bio
#Respect to all the artists on my mailing list! I got some MONEY GAME 2 share with ONLY YOU! Keep watchin ya emails! #REAL MONEY SHHT!
Rooftop dining with Love my building!
you know you already love it!!
Ok #gunners, let's do this right!
Never thought I'd be rooting for Matt LeBlanc to win something.
making plans to do a good thing....
. thanks for the follow! We isms have to stick together
R.I.P. Mosley career tho
just listen 2 some jay-z...it'll get u goin
He is mighty to save.
You Know She A Buss Down If She Say I Dont Usually Do This....
Goin to sleep before I kill someone
Also I am in True Magazine the Wiz Khalifa issue & Mr Dreamz Magazine the 2 Pistols issue
But he think he kewl hahaha
“ I hope I get the job *fingers crossed*” « toes to
Fresh profile image. Glad to connect. Looking forward to your tweets.
It's available in the US now?
North Carolina: The Bigot State
Things I know for sure. 1. You cant run from the truth. 2 Don't kill the messenger. 3. When u go "look" you will "find"
Today is a day I resent Eve for damning me to a life involving monthly cramps. #takeonefortheteam 🍎👊😷
I will come audition haha!!
Second that! RT : It's gloomy out. I want to nap.
Thanks! I need all the help I can get :)
Need a custom creative printing solution for your POP display? Seamless fabric dye sub, direct print to hundreds of substrates? Imagine...
All I want is you
Not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Great; thanks! I'll check her out.
I'm trying to change the world, one life at a time...
Gettin ready to head down to Redroom (1875 N Humbolt, MKE) for breakbeats & art sauce......... Come see my new work & dance yr face off!!
give me give me give me some vampire money come on.....
Oh, and is the halftime entertainment. :)
Have fun! #lucky RT : Can't wait to see #Reds vs #Mets at citi field tomorrow.
good looking fam on the retweet..oyea did you get the trax?
Man I hate when cool ass girls get faggot ass boyfriends. Dudes always be gettin mad at me for simply talkin to em, makin em not talk to me.
There's nothing I love more than waiting for my mom to finish talking to her friends about irrelevant shit when I have somewhere to go.
Exactly. Couldn't have said it better!
feeling thankful. This is a big big big week for and as I pursue my dreams you all are there with me with your love n support. THANK YOU!
Paul DePodesta (played by Jonah Hill in Moneyball) spoke in Chicago this morning about the movie, baseball and statistics.
i'm thinking about cooking some cheese sticks. :D
Yay is now on !
Don't think my mom ever learned how to be a mom.
RT : Bunch of mixed geeks at #DCDrinkup sorting out a single check. This will only end in tears.
thanks for the follow.
Why do ppl even RT Jose Canseco? Biggest fuckin idiot
Dear Neighbor, If you blast Christian Conservative talk radio while parked in front of my house, I'll blast A Perfect Circle. Deal? kthx..
I would like to thank all my followers and for those that rewteeted me. The news for the US is bad, but together we must all stand.
get that man some oxygen!
I have been traveling like a NBA player this holiday season Atlanta,Memphis,Mississippi,Los Angeles looking for that next star..where are U!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
Young people like loud music and old people like loud TV.
There is an art of which every man should be a master the art of reflection. If you are not a thinking man, to what purpose are
Hahahaha I wouldn't put it past you You gave me that kind of vibe.
I will eat that...Mustard is necessary with any kind of liver however...
I Pay no mind to those who talk behind my back,it simply means that I am two steps ahead.
Bitch its wed see i am about to cry LOL
hey what's up I'm sammy
Cool! Ur always welcome 2 listen 2 Chi Chi!
call me do I can listen in. Lol
What is the hottest album and hottest single out right now?
Watching ¡Q'VIVA!
#WhyDoiAlways hear my name in people mouth?
"And now, number one on 95.7, One Direction - What Makes You Beautiful." ahh<3
Super Nice Out Today
:O PEQ15 Green/Red laser by Battleaxe www.crw-airsoft.com batteries
Even better!
Last 3 wkd nothins on tv. Best thing on when I'm watching: jerseylicious. Horrid. more horrid; evry time it's the same episode. Wtf.
True knowledge must be obtained the hard way and some people just dont want to see the light
Nothing, shut up!! Lol
Always happy to have free wifi at SFO.
Aaahhhh were under tornado warning!!!!
Guy driving a Ford Focus around Portland with Oregon plates 595 BEF is a reckless driver. Beware.
LOL! I'm ENTJ...I think. Thanks for the follow!
Don't remember seeing Floyd bleed before...????
belated response - those are all horrible! so sorry that you've had such terrible dates!
sorry to report your account sent me a #DM spam. I let #twitter know I'm fed up with amount of #spam I receive. do you?
Awh that's so sweet Jake!!!:)
when sexy people follow you >>>>> damn ;)
#FF Current and Former Oxy Golfers:
Had a fun time at A.P.E last nite!
as do I my friend......as do I. It's become the best problem I have had.
We have happy hour ALL NIGHT tonight + Karaoke + Hourly Drink Specials & collecting goods for American Red Cross to send to Japan!
Check this out. Do you get a secret decoder ring or something...?
for you and Mothra of course
guys who play with little kids, look 10 times more attractive.
idk bro could be soon.
Pürtelaş Sokak. It took me a while to figure out.
RT : That's the great thing about a chat--everyone can join. Hope you do.
I'm so happy all of Austin's covers are back up on his YouTube (':
I hope there is a special place in hell for those who cheat on their significant other while they're away at war.
Im here to clean (HIP HOP) up and bring it back to the true Essences... 500BOYZ 4 "im coming"
The first person to get 10 of their friends to like our page WINS the iTunes giftcard. We all know you like free music. Ready... set... GO!
I got so many bruises nd scratches on me i dnt know how that happen i even wake up with em...lol
I bet people started believing that the world was round slowly. Like I did with vampires.
Rob Wilson: 30!
In so much pain. I cAnt event sleep. I want to die 😖
Let's Dance For Sports Relief. <<33
Lmao Funniest thing I've heard all day!
haha. genius might be a strong word, but something like that.
you look smoking hot in that pic
I think I want to try yoga. Can you do it at home by yourself? Any suggestions?
Oh boy, what a pickle I have gotten myself into
glad you're feeling better! Here's to a speedy recovery!
will do.
unless you mean the NY Times piece about living in the hood? I caught that. We have to lock in our phoner. Soon.
its time for me to get my hair done its like a crazy mod in thier lol
Saturday Special: Our $5 Box Lunch today is Roasted Breast of Turkey!
what is it?
Bow Wow is way better than French
i love your background how did you do that?.
Everybody y'all should follow do it right now! :)
havent been on in a while wassup twitter
Rain, rain go away, come again another day.
You are a STAR! Your voice is incredible and I'm in line to buy your CD! Stay strong and God bless you, Josh!
Here at last was something ready to hand
Those that complain that they don't have socks to wear should quit leaving them all over the house and get them to the laundry room!
Off too bed !!! Gunna b a long day tomorrow
A woman must know to scent herself with same discretion, the same taste and the same elegance which she puts to get dressed. ~ Jean Patou
Damn most of my family putting me on blast ohk i fuhkn get it dnt have to tell me,lyk 14 times already.!.
As much as I love FMA Brotherhood, and do want it to finish at least one more time. Adultswim still needs new anime.
Not sure. I probably won't start till I move in May. I've never done it before. Is yours indoors or outdoors?
If I leave my heart with you tonight, will you promise me that you're gonna treat it right? I'm barely hanging on.
glad to be a follower!
Stop! Hammered time
g'nite. Must sleep b/4 I build up more steam! Bye! :)
#BV occurs when the normal balance of #bacteria in the vagina is disrupted and replaced by an overgrowth of certain unhealthy bacteria.
enjoy! Wish I was w you. Hoist one for him from me please!
In a bad mood
Haste makes waste
I don't even care about basketball but the Nuggets game last night got me hopeful.
UPDATE: Max Service has been restored in the LLoyd Center Area... Grinding equipement has been removed.
Don't be fooled by bottled water claims. Visit EWG's website for the real info. beautysnatual.com
Best RB N Da Game Got His Due...REAL!!!
Wish that on my 1st day of MLIS classes the 1st thing my profs told me was to read Better late than never, though, right?
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. - Mabel Newcomber
awn my god that's so freakin sweet of u!!!!!! :D
Watching Kennedy Center Honors, great show!
I can pretend I'm Britney Spears, I already am standing in urine and hate the person I'm with -- Stewie Griffin
Wish it could be me! Miss you still.
This is the story of a girl who cried a river a and drowned the whole world
I literally love you. :D
H/t on that last one.
Sun coming up over Waco. It could be prettier. Been up for 24 hrs. Still rockin.
lifes a bitch somebody need to smack her gorilla on this hoes
CHECK OUT THIS UP AND COMING ARTIST FROM THE UK!
cardinals and priest in the performance...interesting
Andy's Sunday Jazz Jam Tonite: Don't Miss IT! 11 E. Hubbard @ 9pm - Vocalists Welcome - Musicians FREE, $10 Admission
I'm trying sunflower seeds...not sure they are working.
Good morning! :)
i really need a best friend. i have nobody to just vent too.
I LOVE THE SKIN I'M IN
omg!! sorry!! lol ill try im takin a break from #FollowMeAriana so when i get back on ill help you ok??
Anna Farris is hilarious.. Watching what's your number
A GSA Schedule provides for a streamlined, pre priced, pre negotiated contract
Matt Harpring you are ok, but can you please get off Lebron's @$%ª"&!!!!!
drinks at W hotel soon!
Is it the weekend yet??? I'm beyond ready to see you!
like me, love me, bite me, and beat me, but just shut up!!!!
thank you so much!!
Woo thats my boo!!!!! Love the cutch!!!
#LASTAGETALKS follow up: How does the collaboration convo change when 1st meet includes the performers & continues as the work evolves?
One clear message we heard re job fair turnout today: "We're not just sitting around collecting #unemployment. We want to work!"
Who can forget the most controversial political ad put out by President Lyndon Johnson's team," Daisy"?
please no more "Instrument X and Music Theory" postings
School is approaching soon and we have many new and exciting events and food planned for the new year followers stay tuned
Valentine's Day menu looks amazing... Let's just say some chocolate and tuna is involved. Call in ask about the menu and reserve a spot
guess I'll have to take u at your word as no one who made the decision will clarify
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
Hurray! Hopefully it gets lots of traffic, too.
locker room?? Did she see the rubba donga??
Thanks for the add. Appreciate it.
the Cabin In The Woods is very unexpected lol
you can join after school :) what time is Bdubs tonight?
yes amazing voice i am a fan for always
I don't like Chocolate Ice Cream, so don't ask me.
Love the coverage, thanks so much
Great hanging out with JL King (Down Low Bruthas), De Etta West, E'lyse Murray and the gang at Clark-Atlanta University today!
For everyone who's called or texted me I promise I'll get back to you ASAP.
There's nothing more comforting and reassuring than a hug from my mother or sister.
I'm so happy you like our stuff. You're so sweet! :)
if the are not 10+ games over .500 by January 2013 I am officially done with this franchise forever.
that sounds delicious!
sorry pal, April Fools Day is 100 times worse, all day long, "april fools!!!". Stupid.
One of my favs!! Enjoy! Gnite. Sweet dreams 😌💤
Congratulation to , they are now past the $10M mark! Amazing! Crowdfunding is really going to change everything!
hunter doesnt publish people on iau if theyre already published naked on the internet professionally.
It's almost that time again for Mickey's summer travel adventures!
hey how u been
remember if you want different results.....do something different.
At last, a celebrity cooking with something I actually have! RT: “: The secret ingredient in my cooking? Indifference.”
true, but I don't know how many people will still use it cause Twitter will most likely take off the other social media outlets
If I brought my pillow pet over to people's house when I slept there, would you make fun of me? Lol
Wishing every weekend was 3 days! And that my Boilers could look half as promising as my Badgers!
I'm looking forward to Adobe Omniture Summit 2011 next week in Salt Lake City, UT. Will you be there??
The sad thing is that I didn't even get to meet you, Guess it wasint meant to be):
Off to school soon! I love you
congrats! loved it at
I love that framework!! Great question stems.
#hardasses (; it wouldn't let me fit that on one tweet. Lololololol.
I did!
Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You. --Tyler the Creator
I've been walking on concrete so much that my shoe heel fell apart today and I still have hours to go, hours to go.....
lol yes you do
RT : Excited for Dog Day - dog fair at the coliseum, dog diving at the poultry/rabbit palace.
He was probably just inviting out so he could see my prettier friends. Or maybe he does actually consider me a friend...
your the whoredarling, are class will be fighting tomorrow.
any cinco de mayo specials?
what decision?
There's something about braces that makes any boy or girl more cute
whos excited for #Believe !!
: Check out my Homie David Michael on Facebook, send him a friend request SwagMyVideo.com #nowplaying Beach Chair by Jay-Z
Q4) The main sales strategy is to listen to your customers.
Thanks for the follow! We'll keep you updated with news on RAW's new Raleigh location!
One Direction on Blast!!<333
it's a grilled cheese with tomato soup kinda day.
Tomorrow Vans Warped Tour Kick Off party yay can't wait
Mothers DAY :)
I got hacked! @#$%^&* don't click on direct messges from me that say : here's acrazy twee or whatever.
I've heard of putting books in the oven to sanitize. Was mentioned in Lorrie Moore's last book.
Artist advertise on album releases, videos & shows low rates Contact Reach 35k
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
me2.go with ben to the benny diar show
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer12
Uhh I'm sorry I even brought it up but like I always say don't worry so much about today because I know that you'll be okay !*)
Gotta love the Pirates. They always are welcome in Milwaukee
ok bet
How's it going eh?
I'm surprised they've gotten this far, but I did think people were underestimating them heading into the playoffs.
I am loving laying in bed with all the windows open and the fresh breeze bringing the lilac smells in
We received a nice review 2day: Great item / great quality. It's actually a gift for my mom for Christmas, and I am sure she will love it.
Thank you to et al for terrific tweeting today
graduation was one of the best days of my life i did it all for my mama, i know she looking down on me smiling rest for me mama!
Actually, was the first person to answer and got it correct. Had about 40 guesses with only 4-5 of em correct.
Happy Mothers Day to one of my fave RHW!!!
Gotta love fire drills on campus
": #NowPlaying Boyce Avenue - Someone Like You (Adele Cover) | #RIAUW" You should play an original BA song too! :)
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody ~ Maya Angelou
I just spent an hour in Walmart and I no longer believe in evolution.
Thank you all veterans for your services and sacrifices.
I hate it when sombody stank and talk about sombody els being smelly.....i'm like did you smell yo self this morning
...and the roots of those values are imparted by a sense of family, community, and culture. " - Richard Couto
Yes, because we need another Josh Vitters.
sweet =) I'm always looking for new music. I'll check them out! it sucks that you had to miss their show though =(
Skill and drill is underrated lately.
I'm smiling, and you're not the reason anymore.
Of course he has....I mean I would...wouldn't you?
Paul Wesley is gorgeous so a guy a few times uglier than him would be somewhat okay lol
Are you trying to send me to an early grave with this Roberts DL stuff? Because my titanium burial pyramid isn't completed yet.
listening to on right now.
I am always in section 101. I will come to you. How do I explain being friends with a Cubs fan tho? LOL
I want gum!!! I feel weird with out it! ...like I can't function right with out it!:P
It's amazing how notices every other #acon but me ):
Dude, we're members at Bakker now.
For those who follow , I'd recommend not using #HigherOne to receive refund. Just another way to rip off students.
Have you noticed that most SUCCESSFUL ppl are married. It's not all abt being on love, but creating an Empire of your own! Better Society!
#ifmydreamscametrue My Family would never need for anything but learn that their are more important things in life besides ass cars and cash
Did you ask him to answer your questions in English instead of jargon?
GOP literally STOLE the election from Al Gore & we lived with it peacefully. Now Va. nut wants armed rev. if President Obama is re-elected
A sinus headache and a sore back are making this a slow morning.
TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY! :D
I Dont Know Where I'd Be If I Wasn't As Strong As I Am Today ...
There is not a man within the sound of my voice who does not know that this nation is run by the International bankers - Congress. McFadden
For what it's worth, #Geraldo believes he's trying to help save kids' lives. Agree or disagree, but that's his intention
Tonight's episode of #punkd and #PaulyDProject were awesome!!
It sounds freaky but we can totally do it!
We've managed to talk about dogs, cats, car crashes, weed, police officers, and Trayvon Martin in these first 45 minutes of class...
I've gone on one or two sprees myself. Always a good purchase!
Flyers = Party crashers. Solid game to open the season with.
"2000's imma let you finish, but the 90's had the best cartoons of all time."
glad you caught it. Now redeem yourself hahaha
mee too! My brother woke me up!!!
This. #amen [RT]: No, seriously: #SRIARCHA!
How come this truck never comes to the beach? OB, specifically. RT : We're at 32nd and Thorn tonight from 4pm-8pm.
if only I could photoshop a I got 99!problems but a knife ain't one picture with 2 rolentos.
Hour and a half of cardio, done. 30 min of strength training, done.
Thanks for checking out WeSeed. I'm here if you have questions. :-)
Thank you for sharing!
You could bring an extra pair to PLN this weekend.... :)
Are the interested in playing basketball on the same floor as the and this summer?!?!?
Of course! Not a problem at all! :)
going to the modcloth party at forest room 5
because it doesn't exist. :)
Amer idol doing well
good choice. Otherwise you'd be in handcuffs!
Just did week 2, day 3 of !
The question has never been whter or not he shot him. He did. Was it justified is the question. Wasn't there so I don't know/
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
Dirk freaking Nowitzki...that was the best NBA game I've seen in a long time. Glad this is looking like a real series.
"There is no better school than adversity."
it was good to see the breakfast club team out last night at soiree
Military also has a much higher divorce rate than the general public.
You're in Falkirk today? :-)
My first Kentucky Derby experience was a blast! Rich & I had a winning bet. Thanks to my dad's business partner we had an amazing box/suite.
Are you serious? Omg haha xD
Can anyone guess McDonalds new sandwich?....McWinning
Jenna told me that somebody told her black girls dont suck dick so thats why teen pregnancy is so prevalent in the black community......
Hunter, cause c'mon, how badass is Hunter?
(((Thalia)))<~~~A hug for you! I hope you get a little break from your studies and have a great weekend!
I see you.
"': I'm the oddball of my family" hm...yeah true! & weird, annoying...(:' " Ha ha very funny -_-
Yeah, pretty much anything combined with diet and exercise will lead to weight loss...
got home from acting class and am sleepy...sweet dreams <3
Rather than new overhead, they should form a subgroup within NAHJ.
$25 pork fun: Pork rillettes with bruschetta, Pork coppa and pork sausage with polenta, Brioche bread pudding with rhubarb conserva
Thanks. It's very nice so far. Taking lots of photos.
Don't lie to me
I had to read that a few times lol
I Hate Fake People
Confirmed for July 19th today. The twitter queen is coming to to talk about -- what else - tweeting.
have faith in me. < 3
forrealll? tell a brutha I say hi
KILL!!!! in my best singing voice.
Can we have class outside today?
Makes sense.
Perths Photography Planning The Perfect Wedding On A Tight ...
“ “ "I love to see my friends doing good most friends are just secret haters"””
I support that
jfc, i'm wearing a dress shirt.
clean fun haha
Um,no you iznnnnttt
I feel bad for Keisha. This is not cool. At all. Tami should be ashamed.
It's not that bad except my kids used to watch the show over and over when it was on Nick. I'm having flashbacks.
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value
Guts - All Time Low
My husband just says "I have something you can look at." Sicko
Interesting stat: our back 4 has started the past 13 games together.
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
rest easy aaron michael phat scott!
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Grand Opening 7997 W. Sahara Ave., #103 TODAY 10a-4p Show up and get 40% off HCG, Out of town 30% coupon code "grand" www.lasvegashcg.com
What are your thoughts on debt collectors using social media to pressure people into paying?
I tripped out on that blue deer in the last Harry Potter film. Also a symbol of power & enlightenment for the Huichol people of Mexico
Look at all the great proposals by and Moya Bailey! Keep 'em coming!
"Your face...it looks like something I threw up." Lmao, omg...
No big deal! I'm not the grammar police. Hit the Cal Ripken ESC key!
In my own zone .... a lot on a dude mine smh missing my son like crazy
Save the SoCal sun for the middle of winter - it's beautiful here right now!
neerrrd! see you shortly where i'll become mayor of yer house!
How old is your son?!
tony will b happy though lmao
Thank u ,love...do u club? RT : glad to be aboard handsome!!! ;)
I thought it was something from 2001 still online, but no! Weekly publication!
Excited to see tonight at dinner. Our bf's will definitely be neglected during our love fest.
#thatawkwardmoment when you forgot the twitter name and you get caught. !
any idea whr u wnt 2 land - wnt 2 stay up on the top - i'll miss pie & coffee & that view w U - u will miss it more
About to make some chicken Tacos, fries and sip on this White Remy :-)
I have such a cute boyfriend (':
I Saw Her Standing There: What would it be falling in love with a women and finding out she's a zombie? Play and...
Chillin, I should be sleep doe
If you want something spoken about ask a man, if you want something done, ask a woman- Meryl Streep
thanks Jeff!! My birthday was awesome. Always great when spending it with the family
This one is actually kind of unsettling.
Such a long day: 9am-1130pm running around. Finally time to relax!
Why so serious?
Won my bracket. Still hate Kentucky.
what is up? am I searching, really scrambling for a job that - you know- pays you!
no problem. Just don't tell anyone; I have an image to protect.
I remember your mother in the kitchen! "Florence, we're ready for lunch now!"
SESSIONS LOOK LIKE HE SANG BACK UP FOR TEVIN CAMPBELL SISSY ASS...
Being audited next week means I Staying at work till 8 or 9 tonight.
Meeting about new space design + Qdoba = best library meeting ever!!!!
not that you dm me with the egg baby girl -_-
welcome! How long you here for?
Has anyone seen the documnetary 'Farmageddon'? Know how I can find a viewing?
Sunny Day Exercise - walk around house looking for gaps to caulk before winter.
sick and sad
Landed safely in Chicago.... Next stop airport #2 Miami! But first an hour and a half layover... :-(
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy new year! Let's hope for a cure in 2012!
It's January 5th and I'm driving with my windows down!!!!
Congrats Medical Center graduates! Welcome to the pack of successful Miami Dade College alumni!!
Great opening at Oneida conference center for the Green Bay Film Festival.
May have gone a little too far in the "understated" direction. :-) Just edited to try something different.
Glad you are excited for Substrata Fest!
best thing on their menu! Delicious Greek dish
nigguh. It's cool. I ain't tripping (;
May the 4th be with you! I've waited all year to say that!
Is nude an option in airports? news.cnet.com/8301-31921_3-2…
Mockingbird by eminem<33
Salukis deserve better! Weber turned his back on SIU for Illini and now looking 2 return as early retirement
Please tell me he is hilarious. I really wanted to go!
I'm getting tired of depending on people for rides... I need a car
They're actually really cute lolol
I saw the movie today!
Thanks for visiting, ! What did you enjoy?
Penny Stock lovers I really see " APRO.PK " really taking off this week.. get it NOW
"we are going. and i am going up to him if he's with that girl and telling him he is with a man."
understanding in any given situation can be benificial!!`
Magniv! has arrived. We've got their CDs and they are playing the big Tel Aviv Beach Party on Friday + their showcase.
BREWERS WIN
Our Newest Cocktail "The Queen City Girl." Warming. Loving. Caring.
do it! get all dressed up!
goodnight I LOVE YOU!!! Mahomies are here for you<3
We're on Twitter, too!
r u even comin?
Yes sir #DIR all day everyday
I never thought about that possibility....
Why do fat people get fatter? Why do anerexic remain anerexic? Why do haters hate? Why do people judge? Im sick of this shit.
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! #NeverSayNever <3
I love the fact that the school system locks down the Internet so tight I can't get to Google docs or show Frontline video.
I am done learning new things until someone can prove to me that google won't be around forever!
Good night Hannah.. sleep well!! :-)
you were ready to close your book
Well my volleyball team has lost 3 in a row after being undefeated last year..
Why is it important to distinguish between a RT and a MT? Does it really matter?
I'm goin thru it dawg! That's my cut, "Niggas know my flow, straight out tha pot!
Publish and then *filter*.
gr8 meeting u lst ngt looking forward to supplying ur athletes w/what they need after workouts
EYE DE KAY BUT NOW IM ALL SAD AND SHTUFF CUZ WEE WUZ JUS TALKIN ABOUT IT :(
Im at Western Sizzlin eating wit da peoples...
CCH Historical Society meets Sunday in Calhoun
It's the same three people AGAIN!!!!
Whitney Houston died at 3:55 pm Today.
The Ugly Duckling.
Lol. I like the way you get coffee!(;
After wiping out on Saturday, I'm good. RT : riding your bike to work? Today, Bike Week helps you learn how at a Workshop
who is #1 on the hot100 this week???
If ya feet nasty ya box has to be
I hate internet groupies# Sad
idk if he did! But that just made him 10x hotter in my book! ugh<3
This isn't the way I'm supposed to feel right now. I feel like I've accomplished nothing.
RT : 50 years ago this month, the Beatles were rejected by Decca Records -- "Guitar groups are on the way out." The legend:...
has to be the fabulous foster
black ink on raw canvas.
How do I make RSS feeds of your guys channels and shows?
Not again! Praying for healing and justice for the victims, families, students, & staff at Virginia Tech today after another shooting.
Timing is everything
Who went to bed EARLY, and STILL overslept? #ThisGuy Good morning Tweeters
that sounds potentially hilarious!
You'll ditch that Febreeze when you get a whiff of our Trapp home fragrances. With more than 25 scents to choose from, you'll find a fave!
I am so proud of my friend and colleague RYAN GLASGOW!!! Good Job Ryan!(aka GJT!)
The way to sign up is through the Dodgeball Team Signup Note.
9 hr of driving up to pa and back i think i am going nuts
wow....is this hottie my friend?! So lucky! Hot hot hot #HAWT!!
Hi sunshine! I'm great! U??? What ya been up too? RT : hey u! How are you boo?
and when was this cuz I don't remember this
we got moonshine apple cider beer and a gift exchange this shits bout to get real
People who don't know the difference between "than" and "then" deserve to live in a cave without wifi.
I'm just smoking in this liquor drinking on this weed had to pop a molley just so I can go to sleep
Sometimes we have to fight for what we love and care about. But sometimes, we have to find the strength to let it go.
is it over already....
. First of all, why would someone EVER put cookies in the freezer? The freezer is meant for ice cream, and ice cream alone!
And, you get to run past the yummy smells of the palermo's pizza factory.
Yes, and I love them too, but Jeter strives to win.
K-State night at The K? Do you have to pay extra to park your Double Wide Trailer?
it's butter flavor and it gives you diabetes. That is how it should read at least
": well maybe you wouldn't be tired all the time if u stopped cheating on me!"/:(
Power is out :( not even storm
yes, kimi in Monaco for the win f1
What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have amounts to much more.
Ha Ha RT #4famouswords suck my dick hoe/bitch
Sitting outside studying on this beautiful day with . ☀☀😃
ha! that gif of Puyol is great. Reminds me of when he pulled out the corner flag vs RealMad (ref had 2 put it in, slowed attack).
Care to share? RT I've seen one good Prezi. One.
Thanks to Chuck, John, Marty, and Kevin for another stellar event last night. Savoy & PPC together again!
LOL So glad I'm not the only one watching right now and thinking the same thing. a $10,000 dress, whaaa??
Going to the Y to work Out prolly hoop
"initial adrenalin boost is gone" - could very well summarize the long term fate of the Timbers in my opinion.
This nigga came in da gas station and put $200 on pump 9 😖😖😖😖
wunderlist I HATE you.
you okay?
let go and let god
good until Austin tweeted #RIPAngel :'(
Important tweet! (Importweet?) EHS's fall 2012 spots are almost gone so if you or anyone you know needs a room, get in touch! 1-800-385-1689
#Risdphonathon running the sunday shift on a lovely day! -Deja ID '14 <3
You're *clearly* a most EXCELLENT Mum. ;)
There's now a shortcut between the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, courtesy of climate change.
Does anyone have a cure for earaches?
We are excited to work with you this year!
How many more days of school? #ireallywant it to just be over. WHERE ARE YOU SUMMER?!
I wanna senior year like in movies
I love when people get all mad cuz I don't reply to their text haha they b like "y didn't u text me back!" I say prolly cuz I don't like you
: I would love to win a $300 gift certificate to a bookstore!
Hope everyone's weekend has been a great one! Keep on vaping!
Can't remember the last time I set foot in a MKE club...
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM ! Let's do this 2012 thang'
RT : The trouble with speaking truth to power is that afterwards you still have the truth, and they still have the power.
And you can get alerts for events pushed to your devices, so there are probably ways to get around whatever you need it for.
RT : "People want peace so much that 1 of these days govt better get out of their way and let them have it." Eisenhower
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful <--- really? you're thinking about Directionators not Directioners. There's a difference
we've won 8 Championships this year.
So weird getting 2 week old tweets. Apparently some are stuck in the Twittasphere just bouncing around?
We had a great planning meeting today for the Global Women's Summit here in Indianapolis. Theme of the summit is "Let Your Voice Be Heard!"
hahaha what a hard worker :") ♥
So is my dude gonna stack up on Yeezy 2's for us over in Australia? Hahah
"The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one."
Thanks for the follow
I'm So Over People.
Yeah will do, we travel all the time for various things so will ask if he's got anything going down under.
Gonna get an Iphone!!!! (: now i can be apart of the never get off your phone community! ;P
GO DUCKS
Real men stay faithful. We don't have time to look for other women because we are too busy loving the one we have.
fruit roll ups
Facebook Tip for #Nonprofits: 2 addtl features are Pinning & Featuring posts. Pinning keeps a post to the top, Highlights are full width
I believe he said "loudest"
Happy birthday to my sister I love you with all my heart and I hope that nothing brings us apart, you looked stunnin tn😘🎁
lmao! Never sharing her ever ever!
agreed! Can't come quick enough
you so damn silly..send me some pics.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Wears high heels when she exercises ;)
The boys at Acalanes High School are SO CUTE AND HOT!!!! IM GOING CRAZY!!!!!!!!!
Yep! Better pay, better benefits, and a more stimulating position.
is the social media case study published anywhere? aggregating #pubmedia case studies would be a great resource to learn from
Hey, email Fran about goin out. I unfortunately have to work until 10, but would be happy to meet up after if you're still out.
Follow us and retweet this! #HELP!
We all know that shit lol
That's kind of a good thing though because the whole city can rally around one team year-round.
Do you know what's in those Terms of Use you just signed? Did you even know that you signed them?
just looked at profiles through my roommates facebook cause she was signed in on my comp; feels like a relapse. ew, i feel gross and weird
apparently Dan Hurley, the old st. benedict's bball coach is coaching at URI. You'll do well
Definitely had a "9 to 5: the Musical" flashback during that #Smash staging with Marc Kudisch and Megan Hilty.
*sits down* kels is ranting...
I was happy after the throat rip death, but annoyed that the chick with the short hair and Carl are still around
thanks!! “: Great event on #youth and #CompSexEd with Kenyan & Pakistani reps at #CPD2012”
Headed to Chattanooga to watch my cousins regional meet
: thanks bro!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett
Shakespeare used fictional characters to comment on real thing. Daisey used real people to comment on fictional things.
OMG. LOVE. I bet the photographer is really pretty
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 I hope my hump day turns into happy day!
David, Cody and Garrett. My three locals. Garrett would hide and I would always make him talk. Proud of you Garrett O Hunt!
im for sure going to check him out on the 5th. The rest of the bill that night doesn't hurt either.
My jackd app won't work grrrr
Vipbox.tv,i watch everything there
home alone and its thundering and lightening :-(
" Came to the game like Speedy Gonzalez, Im fucking looney" -Tyler, The Creator
is considering the death of Capital and the Rise of the Proletariat
- was hot at the oscars
I am the founder/ designer of BELOW THE BRIM, LLC. Our message is WEAR WHAT YOU BELIEVE and our mission is to spread hope.
#Onlyinmovies Do T.V. news bulletins usually contain a story that affects you personally at that precise moment you turn the television on.
if you follow back(:
...Please note there will be no piano, so solos will be unaccompanied. Check our Facebook page for details. Hope to see you Saturday! :-)
#TSA just got lucky again. They got to third base with me because I opted out.
You can always wear dark contacts
Quote time I think yes!!:)
Can you think of something special we can do for for the
What a solid afternoon to do some shopping. Mission: not to buy shoes.
Which is better #thevoice or #DWTS??
: God has objective for your pain, a reason for your struggle and a gift for your faithfulness. Don't give up!
you dont like it :)
...have you ever forgotten to go to lunch? I mean, I like my job and all, but... geez! :)
good call on the Bierkraft. I dug the sandwich. If my alarm hadn't gone off at 3am, I would have dug a beer too.
MT He's due. RT CC has never beaten Price in 5 tries...<Everyone seems to do things 1st vs us..,reverse tr ...
Wow, looked away and when i looked back my twitter page was all new...
This is awesome, Iyanla! Thank you...miss you
Thank God finally settled
6th grade: Beat you up, rack yer sneakers and yer skateboard. The good ol days. Smashed a kids face with the truck of my board back then.
Say you like me oh oh oh
“The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.” David Ogilvy
The freshman are killing me. Stop trying to talk to me I'm not one of you. K thanks
I have to sing 15 choir songs and I have a drama skit to do. I know at least it's fun stuff right?
Sahar's going
“: Can someone help a nigga out?” was up wit it bro?
I don't blame him, chihuahuas can be mean :)
Congratulations to Senor Sack, Mr.Gabe Rivera getting inducted into the college football hall of fame.
just sleep in Keller's Cave bro! I'll make sure there's a pillow in there at the end of the day for ya
John Kao-Mr Innovation-making connect betwn what leaders learn from jazz musicians. Outlined in book Jamming
RT : Animals lining up two by two here in Texas.
that's what I mean by player control -- idea that NPCs should always follow player def of relationship.
Jazzy was here lmao
Thanks to the increasing % of American Obese, my success rate with 2's - 4's has gone from about 1% to 3%.
Woke up this morning and #cards were still world champs. Whew! I was afraid it was all just a dream.
Thank you!
you put a smile on my face that's my goal! :-)
A mess
FINE HOLD ONN
hey handsome
Baby can i get a refill ?
Do we have any artistic writers or fans that could help us out with something
We are Process
did you go to the Fire-Sounders game?
If you feel that giving up, remember that for which you held before.
Going to a with Floridian tonight. We'll see who handles the heat better.
It's because he earns $20 mil a year. And this was the guy who said newspaper reporters are overpaid.
Oakland A's in town to play White Sox during #ABATechShow. Games at 7:10pm. 15 minutes to game by L. Monday night is half price.
orange/coral!
Debating on whether or not to keep studying for my #PRexam. How unethical/unprofessional is it to just say "screw it" and go watch a movie?
hey justin am glad u got ur award 4 the vmas just so u no i voted 4 u <3<3
I'm into polyamory. I have a relationship with two hands.
HERE WE COME GAME 7
hehe oh ok makes more sense now(x
“: It's niggas I'd never look at and bitches who look like shit. Always running they mouths”
I'm sure you get a lot of #wine leftover too!
where are you going?
Dalai Lama facts and figures
D&D tomorrow. free coffe and candies with fabric samples yeah!
Tell me more about profits from online business
wow, 2 kids just left backpack @ seat to go get food, dude behind them called a cop over to remove bag, this ain't the airport buddy
A REAL owner for the Coyotes and a live local sports talk show in the morning from 7AM-10AM.
Shwarma with my sister... it is #sogood !
what is ur picture
Omg it feels like I haven't been on twitter for weeks!
Went up 2 the E. Fork San Gabriel River 4 a last trip before I strt new job... Most gold found so far (still not a lot). Pics 2 come soon.
follow she follows back!
that my friend is a warning sign
the new demon is awesome. 5/4 flying undying for 4. Awesome!
God I freaking LOVE all my followers.
Check out the new Featured Bit - "Shats R Us" www.freekshowradio.com
Awww wookit you. Bread is good too, lil guy!
come to Houston,Tx
In Ashburn for training. That whole Dulles toll road thing...shenanigans!!! If I have to pay to ride on your road there shud b food!
Mark Twain Library Art Show Dec. 4 -12, Redding CT, Striped Bass & Brook Trout art to benefit library - admission free!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you have pretty eyes
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.-Mark Twain
#Aquarians have so much charm that even rivals compliment them"
Watching a rabbit yawn is the funniest thing ever. Seriously.
Hey y'all, follow me on Twitter! Shanks!!!
Watching The Office from the very beginning!
good morning <3
And Joe Buck reprises his dad's famous call from 1991 Series: "We'll see you tomorrow night!"
he was arguably the best player on the best team.
Apps: Bean, Color Splash Studio, Great Plain Text
No one likes me. I can't blame them... I don't even like me.
Either way. :)
I guess there was a at the Casino tonight?
El meson is just as good when you pick it up
company league game or I guess I should say games as I will probably be playing in more then just my team's game
Its funny while i'm getting painted no one else showed up so why do people say "Cyon Flare you're another person when you get dress up" How?
Watch this birthday party become a sexy underwear party pt 2. And I can't wait.
My wife says I never listen.....or something like that, I think
I worry about you all the time.
Dear Starbucks and gas stations...it isn't a competition to see who can charge more.
very long story
but I kid! You're an easy victim :p ily though haha. But I can't be like mean mean. Like "ew why are you in the pic"
Hey people, we're on Instagram! We have the same name there as Twitter--we'd love to connect w/ you!
Sadly have had the worse customer experience w/Bugaboo.Taken over 6 months 2 fix something & they couldn't get it done.Don't reco!
Attn—The ship "Higgs" capsized this AM. All crewmembers are accounted for except one: rescuers are still searching for the Higgs' boatswain.
1017 brick squad
If your heart was really 'broken' you wouldn't be alive. Lol.
I enjoyed sharing my perspective on the 5th CD race with the Indiana Chamber of Commerce today.
please follow me <3
Eating alphabet soup my favorite!
You should let me love you.
For May 3rd-5th, avg rates start from $324+tax. Valet parking is $43 per night (incl. tax) w/ unlimited in and out priveleges.
So, both are right & we have a choice. I'm sticking with "nitch."
our curator is headed to SXSWi to find the latest and greatest in
Hulu plus on the PS3. It's a time suck, that's for sure.
RT #Senate Franken lauds decision to keep rural post offices open in Minnesota - Franken said something I agree with? Oh no...
I was right outside the Pru when all the lights went out. Def thought the world was ending for a second.
I have A LOT of goals set for myself, ! Singing is one !
KFC chicken for tonight, yippe :D
Awesome- hope to see you sometime soon!
Put a museum in Chavez Ravine and fans would ride the "Dodger Trolley" even on non-game days. Make it a true baseball mecca.
RT : TOUCHDOWN POWER!!! Randy Hymes with the score!!!
Launching a site today-the last of the big backlog of projects is done! On to new exciting projects now! Finally! Woot!!! :D
thanks girl !
Yessir! Let's get it! “: Good morning!! I woke up humble & HUNGRY today! :) Nothing's gonna stop me... #successgrindSWAG”
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION
Wow. Organizing a move is time consuming. 27 days.
Okay cool. I figured you probably knew that since you're pursuing psych.
Time to expand our video-graphic skills. Need a model that can dance, walk a catwalk, and do stills.
Do your own paper, get an 88. Help make someone else's paper perfect, they get a 98.
In Philly right now, is Ginos a good place to get a cheesesteak?
don't know how much longer i can stay at work... i hate tax season hours
Well am proud that fixed my keyboard of computer on my own
Pres. Obama & Michelle Obama travel to Ft. Stewart, GA to visit troops.
wait, something looks different about Twitter....
: sorry 4 the delayed reply! I'd recommend buying memberships to some key clients' Museums. Projects going well! How about you?
Wishes I wasnt such an inpatient person.
So far we've covered Dylan McKay, Hypercolor, Crystal Pepsi, Zack Morris's phone...what '80s/'90s memories make you smile?
It's so hot today! BUT idc! ^_^
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it. ~ Albert Camus
isn't 2 buck chuck the obvious answer?
#IfITellYou I'm going for a run... that is not an invitation for you to tell me how much you HATE running. It's actually the exact opposite.
GE Tag Your Green. Check it out
#JBTSWebinar Knowing your audience: Put yourself in their shoes. What if you were the decision maker? What's in it for them?
Thank you! Nice to tweet you. :)
Today's Jim Henson Google Doodle is pretty cool!
Who did you pick to win the NCAA tournament? Anyone pick the CSU or CU?
I cannot wait to go back to school and see him again.
So no one famous then?
28 away from 200! RT if you want to #findacure! We donate for every follow bc inspired us to #makeachange! #NEVERSAYNEVER :)
Too hilarious! Watched it about 4 times lol
Goodnight moon<3
:) lol were corny
that's so cute! :] &hearts;
yes she is
I'm going to Beverly Hills for the first time next month, what's a great hotel to stay in????
Oh, greetings to my non-sox fan followers too!
Thank you for following guys! Hope to get around to tweeting you all. If I missed ya don't be afraid to strike up a convo. I love to learn.
yes u will cry that is for sure tears of joy I have dang tingles already lol
waiting for my mothers day gift from my favorite son
I have hope that one day twitter will aloud you to post gifs in place of photos.
I love the size and weight of my nook simple touch, and want the full capacity of a full tablet (Asus Transformer).
Everyone have a safe and relaxing weekend.
This guy...RT : I'm here! Outgoing president and incoming VP of Chapter Development.
i got my tickets!!! I CANT NOT WAIT! 100 more dayzzz ! Like i wanna cry, you guyz r my insperation & i love youu al.
Thanks for a fun night- viejo perro!
replaced a 10 yr old linksys router with a new airport extreme. Livin in an Apple world these days:)
The "We're Not Going Away" Rally. Noon. Rotunda. You know the drill.
horse-shit refs likely just cost the Pacers game 4.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
if u got one ready jus email me the song wit a space for me on it or send the beat and we can make it happen
He who would leap high must take a long run. - Proverb
I miss you!!!
#sdmayornp "arts and culture needs to be defended in its own terms"
Right?! I can just listen to it on repeat myself. Do you have the one with the bonus tracks?
Thanks for connecting with cultureID. Your project looks interesting!
gaah me eitherr ! Getting ViP and Meet n Greets too :DD
It hurts when two people who love one another have to let each other go because they will never change.....
$5 glass/$20 carafe Sangria, $6 Small Bites, $7 Select Wines, $3 Craft-Style Beers + plenty of parking = The Perfect Happy Hour Spot 5-7pm
#martawoodhull , session singer, vocal arranger is voting YES on #SAG-AFTRA ONE UNION
Scrambled eggs at 9 PM, woo!
Don't forget to get your, classic slice t-shirts and gift certificates, for those special pizza fans on Xmas list.
The most expensive gift for a woman - attention! And there is such a gift cheaper than any other!
I hope everyone is ready for The New Guilt! Check your inboxes for invites to our upcoming shows. Heads up 16th @ Birdy's Be there!
Thanks for the RT! ;)
I'm with you. Just tired of our candidates being chosen for us before we even vote in the primaries...
Beer is now cheaper than gas. Drink. Don't drive.
Otp With My Favee . .
I just tried it..... and your right!
The latest in a long line of Lockhart track stars is coming to ATX for the State Meet. We'll hear from UT signee Nate Jones on #Fox7 @ 5
Officially in love with my Blendtec. Kale, avocado, cucumber, mango, kiwi & banana for breakfast.
I got another single-family 3/BR rent-to-own home. Located on N. 72nd St. in West Allis, WI. Visit www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com 4 more info.
nope, I've been their bro! Fuck and go!!
Hello:D shout out!!
Goodnight Twitter ;*
Haha, nice try. No Anthony Davis brows here. Miss me with that. RT you trying gun Al.B Sure?
Sexto? I take it you didn't study Spanish... ;-)
thanks so much!
#FridayReads is Henrietta Lacks, but only because I have to read it for book group. Not really my thing at all.
Moss and Johnson score 0 pts. What in the world is going on here?
If you don't care for you, then who? If you don't care for you now, then when?
Happy birthday, Boneshaker! 20% off everything today, food & drinks starting at 7pm!
It's a Saturday night and I got nothing to do
What to do.
I have to thank god for everything because I have a pretty good life besides all the bullshit
Why doesn't this hurt just stop?
Ate sum zaxby's & chips & salsa. Waiting on my dad to finish cooking.
wow the new design looks great!
Happiness is getting good work outs on the road!
hahahah nope I'm not a druggie
Just found it but it says its not available in the US...do you have the tracks on your computer?
A teenager behind me in Starbucks is crying to her mom about "her ukelele" and she's "tired of being misconstrued."
Oomf is such a loser ! 
I heard that
Was able to park on campus for free twice today ✨favor✨ 🙌
great if u can message me on facebook that works best to talk facebook.com/mikemacdirect thanks :-)
To all you college students, good luck on finals! We feel your pain!
Complaint from speaker at protest: machines are taking jobs. My advice: stop complaining and go make something amazing.
we don't get 50 feet of snow in Columbus Ohio lol in fact we had none this past winter
thanks man, i appreciate it
Quick Fix? meet They are promoting "The new simple, easy, fool-proof method for any Magazine’s Success" :-)
good for you. I need to start doing this -- its nice having my old lj to reflect on things, but I don't keep a journal now.
You wouldn't.
You confuse me sometimes
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways respect his lady
Watching MIB with Remember how many times we watched this ?!
is doing a great job reporting on the Iowa caucuses (caucii?)
See you soon!
The Man has Spoken. Forget Houston! Sanford? Its official: you've got a real problem.
RT : : "An #incarceration program is not an employment program. If people need jobs, let’s get people jobs." -Gov. Cuomo
Im crying
#IheartJDFR. Bummed to miss it this year.
6 Weeks Until School Ends!! :)
We have many tine tannies to keep us from the rannies stye with us swags!!!!
The Teehive Staff will vote on our favorite design on Tuesday! Good Luck Posting! Love your Shirt :)
I had SO much fun tonite w Kirk Lightsey,Martin Jakonovsky and Mario Gonzi in Bonn!! Thank you guys,you were fantastic! <3<3
i guess this shit aint gonna stop wish it would tho.. #wishfulthinking!
best description i've heard so far! i might be able to do something with that.
