yes we should, your location is showing you're in WI. You back visiting, work, etc?
he has a wegie
its all good
I have this urge to tie a roadflare to a mop handle and wave it around at people. Maybe if I tell the lady at the desk that I can go home
Everybody HAS To Follow His Shit Funny AF
I would be happy to give some of my curves away for free, too - lol...RT : RT : Stop by tomorrow
I cannot wait for Camp About Face!! :D lovin all my cranio kids! :)
Once we release the final design, you can pre-order the tanks for $15 (special pre-order price) and Writers can pre-order it for $10
I know Reggie I got u ,LOL
: That's a good line for a movie. Now we need a setting. Pacific island somewhere? Resort?
how did it go?
I agree - as a N Mpls mom who almost didn't wake up her 2yo for the May 22nd tornado but am glad I did!
RT: : what a pretty AVI <thank you gorgeous!>
Checkout the revamped sierra's secret
take my earlier example of dental care-Medicare&lots of insurances don't cover a lot of procedures-that doesn't drive down price.
focus completely eludes me today
Put your lips next to mine
Experiencing the bowels of the Senate office building. It's actually pretty cool.
Tonight through Saturday Dave Attell is here! You do not want to miss this show. 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.
Hahaha RT : Lamar Odom must be laughing his ass off right now
Carrot chips yum RT : I love turkey. I think it is a great source of healthier protein.
Len is a Driver hater...not sure why. Consistently a good dancer every week.
the new album is killer!
Clue: Don't use your employee badge photo as your profile photo on LinkedIn. Especially if the photo makes you look like a serial killer.
When your birthday?
IM sorry about 50 but u can always download it somewhere ;)
wow lol it annoys me when people start crap with you :P
I bought "hello nasty" for $17 or something - I thought it way high for a CD, but it was worth it.
Just took that test, I better have passed, was all night studying o.O
Life moves pretty fast for Thanks for Twitter, btw. Never had one lesson ;-)
With a totally creepy heading....
Got a perfect score on my first essay! Now it's time for a nap.
Pecatonica-Argyle swept boys & girls 3,200-meter relay titles. River Ridge's Hillary Tayler won 1st individual title (girls high jump).
Anything you have in mind? Your collection is so much deeper than mine. Let's email directly, I am .
so that is the secret to the power ranger transformation
That's amazing; really excited for you & hope to hear more about it!!! We serve an awesome God!!!! You comin to GCG practice Tues?
Yes! And you have a lovely wife who is dedicated to her family, so I know you know a good mom when you see one. Hug her 4 me.
I've been playing for 1 1/2 years now and other DJs are amazed at my mixing. I just love it and can't get enuf. <3 music!!!
Hate when people say fuck the police, its your friends fault for breaking the law. They are just doing their job. Quit bitching
Pretty sure YUM! Brands owns KFC, Taco Bell and a bunch of fast food places. Still a terrible name for an arena though...
Deep Blue Something! Ah, I haven't heard that song in ages!
Taking healthy dose of coffee and agent-based modeling this morning, w/ sides of fried eggs and sorting + peer effects
Lol. I feel like you're judging me right now. :-/
The best way to finish out the week with a '!' is a #9RoundMinute! We'll have it posted here at noon!!
Have any big reading plans for your Christmas break?? Tell us what you will be divulging into!
you are mine, so if anyone else wants you, tough nutts to them.
I don't know how I ended up watching Belly 2.
don't forget the Asian mix!!
#waystomakeagirlsmile Be there when she wakes up
Don you feel anger at Hamas for using Children as human shields. How long will the Gazans follow terrorists?? Very sad indeed
Discovered the new HBO series #Veep. Hilarious. I'm hooked.
Hi ..... Sending Smiles and Great Vibes of ... relaxation, enjoyment and Peace <-- the emotional stress free kind ..
i'm not from vermont, but i'll be moving there in the fall(:
One plumber; One hour; $300. Dude was studying economics before he decided to be a plumber. He saw there was more money in it. Smart guy.
I win......as usual. Can you make me some mustard chicken for dinner again?
yeah! What was it before??
I think I tweet a lot and oh really I can already tell u r lol 0_o
Sure airplay is good...I just liked & put our FB link on your page. Thanks!
EXACTLY AND WELL SAID!
So funny after CNBC overreacting to $JPM all week now slamming DC for overreacting. Surprise that retail investors have given up??
me neither! #lame-o's
The greatest wisdom I've gleaned from working in a library: Something comes after nothing.
Men if a woman does not have custody of her kids, do your homework. Consider that a big RED flag.
Choosing a party over your girlfriend? Not cool bro.
Durante at #Connections2012: "Need for pollution ins increasing coz RRs doing more, e.g., xferring ethanol."
where you at? ;)
ASIS&T @ Pratt Copy/Right(?) Symposium is underway!
#NowPlaying - "I'll be there" Dear mama, please don’t start to cry You the reason I’m alive how these years have gone by❤
Sure, Couchie will have to let me go!!!!
Since you're in the hood (we're at WeWorks MPD), let me know if you have time for a coffee afterward. Would love to catch up.
I support this. Have had Katy Perry stuck in my head all morning. Only Van Halen (or Queen) can save this Monday.
Looking forward to my massage in the morning. My back is so sore.
Thank you for supporting FIve Nights in Maine!
I like CRY TUFF, personally.
hilarious weird maybe disturbing lol thanks
read-only means they can't comment, either
there's a nice pair in the gulf of mexico
Thanks 4 following
Interesting questions in tech consumer panel that we've been thinking about: Can bottom-up sales in education replace top-down?
CHER, i adore you so much! I would absolutly LOVE it if you would follow me. It would make my life!! (:
I'm definitely seeing The Gangster Squad. I have absolutely no idea what it's about but Ryan Gosling is in it so therefore I shall see it.
"The only easy day was yesterday". Navy Seals training motto. So true - and important.
I am, are you still in town?
we smoked for like 9 hours straight! It felt like days! Best 420 ever. #count it
I heard some kind of rodent wailing in pain but then it was just Zooey Deschanel singing.
NBA basketball finally
I live in the land of bi-polar weather.
lay-girl terms please?! "actionable analysis" does that mean, SM brings in the eyeballs and doesn't close the deal?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how bad ass are you?
make him do your laundry next.
Agreed. Librarians may have a relevance issue because we're too good at what we do.
We are loving this weather today! Hoping it lasts all weekend, wouldn't you agree?
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
thanks for the RT! Hope to meet you IRL...
Thank you & let's do it again, soon! RT : thanking for organizing lunch at Rasika West End. cc:
Dude... the Alien retrospective is where it's AT!!
me! x] i love you so much austin!!!
I need to sleep, but I need a tweet ! <3
I am going for Michigan State.
October looks to be an amazing month for new restaurants opening in Chi; #Chicago TableSavvy's top three are as follows..
dont open any links about blogs or photos about you, #hackers are getting passwords through a fake twitter log in. please pass this along!
Glad to hear they enjoyed the show. I hope your recovery is a quick one!
it's looking like most people are doing that. What time are you getting there Thursday?
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy your day!
on the bright side, they should soon be running low on crap acts and may be forced to book someone decent.
why are you deleting it this is why you made this account..
Cannot wait to hear the song on #Believe that Justin said he wrote about his relationship with his fans. I heard it may be one of the best.
thats pretty awesome.
that's extraordinarily wrong, even for you. I would ask why but I'm afraid I might start crying uncontrollably while driving.
Today was such a good day.
Josh Hutcherson Is Our Sexy King
Bangers and Mash Omelet: Irish Style Sausages, Cheddar, Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Onion, Jameson Cheese Sauce and Seasoned Rye Crumbs
i learn from the best, it needs to become a regular occurence. RT You're so good at clubbing
So excited about seeing and in Sept. I wish it would be sooner!!!
I'm don't get why Pens fans want the Caps to fail? If anything let's root for them to knock the Rangers off and then the Devils.
Tell your running buddies to follow us on Twitter for special discount codes to our race!
yeah, im happy and excited about it, i cant wait to get back on the field and fold some niggas up lol.
next week, dates got pushed back
Fun night with and many others! :)
all in one room!
Nuts if WE ever forget. We never forget nothing. Like a pack of stampeding elephants, always never forgetting in concert.
So I need to find someone to come w/ me to these Spurs/Clippers games this week.
sweet dude.. I'm not sure a bunch did on our trip lol
Let the Matt Flynn/Matt Hasselbeck comparisons begin.
Stop It
To all "I know you're about to switch lanes so I'm going to speed up and cut you off" guys: I hate you and everything you stand for.
You got that right!
I've never heard you sing:/
Wassup and u should already know. hahahaha.
if you dont give a fuck about anything life will be alot easier.
Well, I practically did take off with all this wind. :)
As Americans, we rejoice in the recovery of Gabrielle Giffords. Is there anyone who does not swallow hard when seeing video of her speaking?
can i put your twitter on OUR facebook page? (:
Make Colleges Profs, Not Small Business, Pay For Student Loan Rate Cut - Forbes
ok that settles it then me and are hosting!!!
Hey!! Nope no kids not yet at least! It's hard to start a family in showbiz! Once I'm more established I will fo sho! :)
It was great. It is hard for me to formulate questions about the arguments of multimedia pieces on the spot but wanna chat!
I want my son to be healthy & happy more than I've ever wanted anything in this entire world.
'Syria has more to hide than it has to show,analysts say' -Debra Amos in Beirut
Well being with you is enough for me, I think I can feel you in between my arms already haha ;)
just send #honeybadger over. He'll teach the coon to mind his business.
Rejection hurts like a Joey Chestnut sized stomach ache
thank you for following us!!! We won't dissapoint: promise!!!
Why take life serious, we all die in the end anyways ;)
With the Tebow trade, the Jets are trying to replicate the Mets bullpen by employing shaky righty and lefty arms.
Rainy day = Perfect day, for artwork.
P.S. Whichever one of y'all did the tweet about Wednesday practice/Kim's marriage, serious props
3) decisions are being published on the internet; should email addresses be added to appearance forms?
this umpire calling strikes at the yankee game is hysterical
Don't forget about Art Squared in tomorrow the 17th!!
How does a 3 minute web update become a 45 minute emergency service repair
: Disappointed covering WHCD instead of replaying prepared testimony on "The Future of Manure" to ag subcommittee.” That's Shitty
HA! Priceless timing! I'm literally taking all the M&Ms out of mine right now!“: There weren't enough M&Ms in my trail mix.”
Thanks ! Great tool.
I jinxed it with the Potassium comment
The amount of construction going on on my block is ridiculous, I swear the whole city of Chicago is on my street
Spending the day with close friends, hooray!
reconnecting with old friends from the junior high days.
I'm thankful for the many blessings that have been coming way :)
Larry had better be at the library today. I missed him on Monday! I was heartbroken.
thanks Bori. yes i love technical challenges. calls out my creativity to solve problems. i'm a geek. LOL!!!
Don't send me "good morning" texts. Send me pancakes. Blueberry.
oh wow, that's awful. DM me the account tel # and I'll see to it we get it done for you.
Lunch & Learn is going GREEN- Sign up to learn how to make your business green certified-Nov 16th at Noon, lunch will be from...
Why do people buy cheap tp?
Gott's (Taylor's), St Helena, CA!
Where there is great love there are always miracles. -Willa Cather
Is there no austream today? :(
RT : What will you do today to support your local economy? Support a local independent business.
Hey guys. is my life and I missed him a lot this summer. Even though he lives within walking distance. oh yeah, he's a cool cat.
Town, FBA host holiday lighting - Farragutpress Farragutpress Town, FBA host holiday lighting Farragutpress In spite of the cold, hundred
“: hi~ ohh i guess u r sleeping right now LOL coz it's 3:00 in the morning ~ #TimeZonesSuck !”
Congratulations! What I want to know is when are you and Li'l Jon going to collaborate on a song?
submitted my psych paper! now only 4 econ papers left and a ton of hw before this semester can end!
If anyone knows of a Healthcare provider or Law Firm that is struggling with their IT services, please let us know.
There are nouns...EVERYWHERE!
So long signed 1st editions. MT : What will authors sign when there are no more real #books?... hand out personalized QR codes?
Of course, we have no idea why Seau committed suicide. But, it must be concussions!
#NF ! Your a great artist!
dis jazz bout to be BUMPIN!
Not sure. She's got this short muscular body, brindle color.
RT I think I've got something in my eye again >> me too! could be stuck there ALL NIGHT LONG.
How do you say "cheeky" in Kentucky? Just noticed that the Maker's Mark bottle displays the required government warning in Comic Sans.
no trust me i am cool that is my skill in life when i get a car it will have a minifridge hot tub pool and a workout room yeh son ha
It was great meeting you last night and thanks for the photo & Vegas talk!!! You killed it Big Ups on your track selections
Wow. Sue Simmons. After 32 years. She is a Trailblazer. An integral part of my TV viewing growing up in NY. I wish her the best.
howdy yall. watching flashpoint and loving it! hope yall r having a good day! im getting ready to call it a night...:)
RT : OMG I am LOLing - just read "whatever lifts your luggage" is the new "whatever floats your boat" - what a WORLD this is...
Apart from BR!NK editing -- creative nonfiction, theatre and poetry. Are you a writer outside of CP?
one is #ITV and the other #BBC but let's get the ball rolling!
yes I have seen him play!! Just wait and see when we spank that ass for you.
as odd as it sounds umm i was on time in sync?
RT : It's not babysitting when it's your own kid. RT Having great day baby sitting youngest daughter
Awww and people said they'd never last as a couple!
I'm gonna start watch Gossip Girl since theres nothing better to do.
Not confirming sotomayor isn't about being racist. it's about upholding the constitution. Justice should be color blind. sotomayor is not.
Maybe we can get Justin Bieber to RT it? I hear his Klout score is better than yours or mine.
#WereNotFriendsIf you don't text back but you tweet from your phone..
trust me I would totally come over right now, but I need to work my fat ace out. I haven't done anything in a week
Glenn Close as Albert Nobbs looks way more like Robin Williams as Mork from Ork.
Twitter is the best I love yuh guys!!😂
Only a week left of vacation. Then it's back to school :c
Too* & you're going to.. run it over here. You'd seriously be my best friend.
People who buy coffee mainly at drive-thru windows on their way to work spend as much as 45 hours a year waiting in line.
Need a suggestion? What's the last thing you read that you really enjoyed?
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers including mines....
So his telescope goes inside your cave
Bob, you are correct sir!
I'm breaking my rule starting now, I'm going to start unfollowing people on twitter I don't care for, so don't yell at me -- I warned you
i just wrote a summary on the alphabet....
I gotta go! bye guys
Going to go see Marvel's The Avengers at 8 :)
CNN is reporting for the 2nd time this year someone has left the Las Vegas Heart Attack Grill on a stretcher.
anytime sir!
Walking groups in Bronx, NY?
These Kyron Horman stories just kill me. As a mom I can not imagine how his parents hang on
Trying out a text from my phone to my LotusLawyers new site...
Time is truth but there is no truth in time
Just learned we get a corporate discount of 15% off at Tiffanys! Now if only I could afford the other 85%...
I just followed because told me to #freecoffeeforayearcampaign (Everyone follow them & say Alex sent you)
Can't get motivated for school reading.. Maybe tomorrow. What I really want is CANDLES.
Help! I've fallen and I can't get up! Just kidding I can't figure out how to upload a twitter profile picture correctly.
I'm looking forward to attending the "Ted" talk next Wednesday.
You are singing and playing at my wedding... Leather chaps is the only appropriate attire
Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me??
No, I drive around and listen to an iPod! I pick up and deliver stuff!
omg chill
time to relax w theresa, nicole, jared & boy wonder. to our fans, thanks for showing everyone the economy is alive and well. L8r
UM. I'LL CALL U.
Paola and Jeffrey, do you feel that a listener's interpretation can actively enrich your experience of the work?
Interesting. : Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't.”
Had an awesome time last night #webinno event... team rocked!
I believe that Jews and Arabs can live together. It's not an easy thing but I believe we could arrive at an agreement.
A beautiful 54°F today in Albuquerque! We are LOVING Spring!
Sure, I knew that. I also knew that Gwynn's son is older than I am, while Van Slyke's is not.
Nationality doesn't matter, hair color does. And my hair color is that.
I need to book a film role before i die, please help me!!
Night dolls xo
Lil Wayne To Launch I Am Music II Tour In March
Derek better say alive
What's so bleeping hard about social roi?
Foggy night in Indy tonight. Might as well take the trucks out and go mudding to turn the night around.
yes, Friendship chinese.
Hey everyone, welcome to the Funny Facts Finder Twitter page!
Don't be a loser like and - get an avitar.
My nails need filled in, BAD. 😳
Is inspired everyday.
Thanks for following! Here's to abundant mind/body/spirit health and happiness!
I had no idea out was that expensive!
my life is complete
you tell him D!
Laker fan where ya at
Shout out 2 for her work on Rappin Up The Night! BiggE puts up with a lot on that show ~ straight 2 tha dome
Looks like it will rain all day (or close to it) today. Strongest gusts are this morning: 30-40mph in the valley.
nice to be Twitter friends! :D
Gonna get my ass murked in this track meet lmao
lol, I was thinking of you when I was listening to it! Still one of my faves! Ace of Base "The Sign" is a close second. X
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
Ready for Ms Horsewood class
I've had a beer or two there before, but yes always at predominantly staff/grad student functions.
You've worked quite hard for all that you've got mate. You deserve it, and you got it by making millions happy every day. Cheers!
End of pre-production this Thurs. Then tracking next month! What's up? -zach
Can we end the Orton error I mean era now? With an offense wed be killing the titans
I like this maybach music ~ RT“: Mm-mm-mm-mmaybach music 🎶🎶🎶”
A person good to know
My girlfriend bought Linkin Park tickets!!!!!!!! HOLY MUTHAFUCKER!!!!
CONFERENCE CALL (noun): The confused ideas of one person multiplied by the number of people required to listen to the ideas.
Most terrifying, but effective app goes to Hands down.
What's important to you now is gonna effect what you do later in life.
moved again... now back in central Hollywood...
Or the space heater, in my case. RT : Ideal day to stay in snuggled by the fire.
I'm particularly impressed with this semester's students, and the range of interesting papers. I'll be learning a lot.
that's way sweet
Aww, thanks for the RT ! Much appreciated!
THE MOD BOT IS POSTING TO THE TWITTER ACCOUNT
I broke into my ex's house and deleted her Microsoft XP Service Pack 3 from her Add/Remove Programs... take that!
It's hard to dance with the devil on your back, so shake him off.
thinking of you - the maine
and POTUS Slow Jamming the News is more than I can handle!!!
I invented pie... Just kidding.
#NoSchool For Me Friday! :) 3 Day Weekend...Sounds Good To Me!
get off Lebron dick so early in the morning bruh
thanks! totally honored xo
love the preview. Can't wait for it to air. Thank you for taking a risk with this genre.
I'd rather be lied to and be happy, then to know the truth and be crushed.
Knock Knock joke time, you start.
hipsters were fighting before UFC .. Coincidence? No shot.
Get 25% off your next Taxi ride when you call# (919)633-2606....
good morning beautiful
who's with Azmarie?!
To those of you critical of Mitt Romney's record at Bain Capital, remember that blood letting is so positive, it was used in health care.
Thank YOU!
2 best, Alabama already had their shot at home. Let's see what Okie State can do..
We gotta make a decision.. we leave tonight or live and die this way
Fabulous way to start the day, seeing the ultra-talented & oh so attractive Head family at Fusion Coffeehouse in Madison MS!
If you say so. I guess it can stay.
": happy 29th bDay to from !! RT this to make her feel loved!!" Can't be bothered with personal contact.
It brings tears.
We weigh your froyo and you guess. Since it's Weigh-In Wednesday, you'll get yours for #FREE, but only if you can guess the exact weight
Im not looking forward to having a rhinoplasty done its basically plastic surgery but I am NOT getting a nose job to make that clear.
Do u think hippy chicks in their flowery VW Beetles know that a soon as I see them, I find someone to punch?
it's over for lions n yo boi Suh got a 2 game suspension smh
Okay, Umm no se, you always seems busy, when can you?
Fear not #personwithalamephone Android ver coming soon (saw it w/ my own 2 i's); Your phone will be less crappy soon!
I got crazy downloads from EightysWorld2 and I haven't drop the big songs yet! #Damnthatfeelsgood newvideoscomingsoon
wow that's so soon! craziness
An outstanding newspaper adviser is
nickels too.....lmao
can we request them to change the date?? Haha. That concert will be tight though!
Camera Fun Time: shoot the sites & sounds of waking. Blackmail those who are not morning persons. Revel in the innocents innocence aka kids.
A True Iconic Legend has passed... R.I.P. -Whitney Houston. (August 9, 1963—February 11, 2012) {--------------
NIT Championship.
It does sorta feel like we should have a wrap party, but I think we'd all fall asleep after the 1st drink! :D
Thank you! Have a great day!
Think like a man.
We’re happy to be at #ULA2012! Visit us at booth no. 23 to learn how helps job seekers.
Just letting y'all know that 's PLAYING PARKER is super great! (And it hasn't even seen an editor yet! ;D)
He's the one who makes you cry , but five seconds later he's the one who makes you smile :* .
Thanks so much! RT : love the brand
4013 ∞ do you play sports? - my whole life is sports. IB- Nick 
hey JR do you think H vs Taker is going to happen again?
The 5 goals in (any form of) sentencing are retribution, incapacitation, deterrence, rebhabilitation, and restoration.
God, I need your help? please help me to justin be able to followed me? I don't know what should I do now, which I know I just beg thee God
Crazy lady on court during game has a record w/ stalking #nuggets players & was banned from arena but managed to sneak in tonight
In silver league, one game in 3 at least is a cheese game as new players aren't competent at defending them
okay! im excited to see you guys!!
Dude are you watching this? OMG!
A #GF person must avoid wheat, barley & rye but did u know they need to avoid derivatives/hybrids like emmer, kamut & triticale?
KOBE WOULD PUNCH LEBRONE CLEAN OFF IN HISS SHIT.
IS GOKU YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER FROM DRAGONBALL Z?
link to the article! I want to read it, but I refuse to search on the swampy labyrinth of the ppg website.
great!the only thing u have to is edit a pic of u sayin anything u would like(:&when u r done with it tweet it to me(:DL feb10th
#1 That is awesome!
I still want my birthday shirt.
2. I was (am still) a fan of Julia but I think it hasnt worked out for a variety of reasons
I love avocado! It's rich in satisfying fats that can lower cholesterol. 1 has more than half the fiber and 40% of the folate you need daily
I can't even complain about my stomach hurting......
HAPPY HALLOWEEN GHOUL!
Whole heartedly agree, compared to the schools I've eaten at! Good on
where the yankees nationals game?
With the fearful strain that is on me night and day, if I did not laugh I should die.
: Two kinds of ppl in the world. Those that leave toothbrushes out in the open and those that don't....is it covered?
Thanks for following! Have a good day!
GTT's Nashville based Roger Woodruff shooting for Nascar today in Charlotte
Campbell Soup 1st-quarter net income falls Campbell Soup Co. said Tuesday that its first quarter net income fell 5 percent as the company
Following a decade of steady declines, a new national study released today indicates that teen drug and alcohol use is headed up
Watching #AnAmericanTail --- never ceases to make me cry. #imissmybruddah :(
Thanks. Is there a prize? Cat toys?
“: FOLLOWING~ PHILLY!! SWEET!!” Thanks
Recently we adopted 2 Shih-tzu dogs & both are around a year old. Fur matted, wormy, boney... & the list goes on... Continued next tweet
SAM AND QUINN. i already ship it
Wilco's Yankee Hotel Foxtrot is 10 years old. Crazy.
Having a great night!!!!
ugh i know
I didn't know mattresses cost so much.
15? oh my gosh, your getting old(: lol jk, but seriously I can't believe it! what do you want for your birthday?
proofreading my transcription of a fifteenth-century Middle English manuscript. Hoping to wrap up this edition by the summer.
I deleted all my numbers,,, need new ones,,,
So many shootings in #Louisville the past few days... No bueno
Let's just say that the Ewoks' Yub Yub song holds a special place for us, and leave it at that...
Never thought NFL pre game show could make me cry.Steve Gleason with ALS
The Hulk footprints on the floor are the best lol!
oh! I haven't been to southpark in YERZZZ. why are we still taging doodz in this? lololo
i told taylor i was coming to the pueb soon and she spat in my face. I didnt think i was welcome there anymore
can i book vinny for my wedding.. oh wait he'll already be there in a tux ;) STANDGRAND
you can only be over looked for so long "THEN IT'S TIME TO SHIT" watch me
Wow. I'm really babysitting kids right now. I'm good at this.
you should feel privileged that I dedicated 2 tweets to you :/
Seeing the fans at these radio stations is amazing. I appreciate u. Thank u!! I feed off your energy. U got me smiling
Reagan appointee showing disrespect to the Pres!
Aint shit my nig. Where da party at? We need to link up
How will IT depts will deal w/ explosion of new devices trad publishers need 4 testing? Ours looked stricken when I mentioned it.
#TheyNeedToBringBack The Old Disney Shows !
Will someone for the love of God please help Ty Lawson. He is the only one playing
Going to radio station to start learning the ropes. I'm going to start volunteering for them!
is your name twitter cause baby i wanna be on you all night long ;) lol :)
Don't hold your breath.
Kicking off ArtsDay with a packed house of creative community leaders.
A very Merry Christmas to ALL & a Happy New Year
#lifewaseasybefore you came along and messed it up.
this is what I look forward to all day long
Dear society, it's a bad idea to put jellybeans in a sleepy Shaina's coffee. Makes me sad. :(
going thru some sessions...wow i forgot about some of these joints!
Hey I'm shufflin with
“: #Cancer Friendship Style: You're able to create a family feeling among your friends.”
It's a beautiful morning in the DMV.....make it count
Worst bug bites ever! :-(
wow thats a boring person :-\
Thats a really solid trade for the Ravens wouldn't you say? Evans could really open up other receivers for Flacco too.
Endure, Overcome, Dominate,
Hey Mom! Hope you enjoy the show!! RT : Hey there mom!
All packed up & ready for tomorrow's Flea Market @ Eastern Market. Sending positive thoughts to the gods of no wind.
sing it! doesn't help that my cats try to get involved in the smudging as well
Going on a walk with my bestfriend on this beautiful day :-)
What is the fascination with having a British Man yelling at people on TV? Just saw ad for a new TV show...
How is the new restaurant?
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why did you dye your hair? -.-
Roundtable today: JW August on party defections, Alison St. John on rent control in Oceanside, Katie Orr on hotel tax
2 minutes left in the first half -- Bombers up 56-25 over B-team.
www.allsportsshopping.com. Best deals on the internet for Sports Apparel. Visit us.
Told to me by my dentist: "You have the teeth of a dental hygienist."
#FemaleSexComplaints YOU sleep in the wet spot!
do it
Today was actually the best day of the week so far! :)
Off to the city for an interview with a modeling agency, then a go see for some print work! ;-)
#SheenRoast is WINNING
looking good! hopefully we be moving by the 16th! pray. pray. pray. =)
“: God requires us to love people even when we don’t like them. –Joyce”
Hugging u back. I think all of this hugging is making something very happy being near you... >:)
... I love you too. Now, will you PLEASE show me your genitals?
You don't want me! I'm full of scotch, and bitterness, and impure thoughts!- We Bought A Zoo
limo prices would be higher due to gas
Oh, , I'm with you in spirit and also sitting in this horrible mess! Stay sane.
I could probably jimmy a purple hued Mace Windu sabre if you REALLY needed it.
just bougght every song of 's songs on itunes. <3 gosh, i can listen to this guy al day.
Dang my passat is lookin super sexy....
followed for you! =) <3
Hoped for 3 or more recalls, but 2 better than none. So glad for Jen Shilling!
Think of all of the law students patents are saving from poverty! At $210K for a JD, they need the help.
:) how are you Meg?
Ultimate Super Bowl Parties! 2 Locations!—$35 Online— All You Can Eat/Drink at The Soiled Dove Underground or Tavern Downtown/Cowboy...
how did it turn out?
CHECK OUT OUR MYSPACE OR FACEBOOK FOR TOUR DATES!!! MORE TO COME SOON!!!!!
You smell like craigslist
And what a movie star voice you have!
check out the website events section!
I don't understand how Tea Party folks have the energy or time to be angry so much. Lighten up and be grateful for what you have.
hey yella girl !!
You were the best at smoking crack and eating McDonalds
"He was probably the most successful homeless person in that area" - guy in class
HELL NAW": So u like fat chicks now? RT : Not all skinny girls are cute,And not all big girls are ugly..."
I'm a newbie so I can't wait :)
Happy Birthday miss ! Hope you have a fabulous day :)
New, sticter discipline coming to St. Paul public schools. No room for horseplay. How it's being implemented on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
of course, wanna battle?
Thanks for following! Now we just need to get you down here for a tour of the place! Give us a call if you're in the area!
Save me a seat in Sugar Land! :)
Took my first improv class tonight and loved it! Amazingly fun!
The #CouncilDistrictsMaps option 3 was chosen by majority with 5 votes. I voted for Map 3 based on feedback from citizens.
There is NO WAY that Bert and Ernie are gay. They haven't changed their outfits in 25 years.
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Ohh my god!! This song can make a grown man cry!
hi how r u
if u can make Baltimore on ur way I can make u a killer bowl of crab soup! Definitely no "junk food"
": - You Rock! Had a great day! Thanks so much for your help!" - anytime!! Great cause.
Even when Morel gets a hit, something goes wrong.
You were such a good sport on Loved the
when #LiLoAlert trends and everyone's like "i thought this was about liam and louis.." *le example of what i did* (:
There's something about a lawn mower or #tractor that spices up a period drama!! #DowntonPBS Ep 2.1 + #MadMen Ep. 3.6
it's okay. just don't do tell me next time.
Something in my hotel room sounds like Darth Vader.
Student Quote: "When we have chess class, I dream about chess. I'm always the best piece & I win. I love chess even asleep." -Jermaic, 8
The Likes On Boyfriend Are Geting Higher Everytime I Refresh :D ! Your Song Is Amazing I Heard It Over 50 Times Already ^-^
would u consider coming back 2 Chicago sometime?
And back then we called it State Road 7.
Preparing my business plan to dominate the healthcare market for SaaS email management with Mimecast!
One often meets their destiny on the path they take to avoid it
Don't be stupid be smart out here
I feel like I'm getting old every time I catch myself doing the shoulder shimmy to a Roxy Music song.
Oh my. MT : Engagement with Facebook posts made with 3rd party APIs, like Hootsuite, is 80% lower than posts made directly on FB.
sure seems so
Guterman: When offered home visiting services early, most families, incl high-risk, are motivated to participate.
Worry not, young Jamie. We chilled a freshly dry-hopped batch of T20 yesterday. ;)
did you really because i didn't get it
Playin at the Indigo West End tonight at 8:30! Come on out!
Haha. Well, you can't legislate against stupidity. Mostly because it would not be in the best interest of the legislators.
That was the predicament VDN faced yesterday, he sat Blake for much of the 4th
shawty u fine
I don't know why I eat the same grass I piss on.
talked 'em out of it like I was back on the scooter in the middle of Mexico. Minus the $20 & bad spanish.
VA for the weekend.
#ff to my twin and best friend and her page show some support!!
Sometimes you have to make a mess to clean a mess.
Yay! Welcome, Amanda! RT : Marketing brainpower added today! Glad that has officially joined !
miss you too, feel better soon bby<3
We found 53K replies with guesses! Let us know if you want to see. They're sorted numerically, so should be easy to pick.
love love artichokes espeically when they are baked enjoy!
I know right? I haven't been on in forever :/ I'm so sorry.
What would happen to us if we threw a baseball 90mph at someone we didn't like. I hate this part of baseball.
Thanks a lot for the mention!
Thought is your only currency!
I was so happy to be back in #Tucson after #NICAR. But this wind could drive me away.
you got that right brother
let's face it, this panel's gonna rule. And not just cause y'all are so goodlooking
600th tweet! is a cutie (; she can be kind of wierd at times but i still love her! <3
Morning traffic. Phenom.
TLO is best database for Private Investigators. Located unknown assets for the client.
Why does have to take everything good and attempt to make me hate it
i went to the orthadontist today and they told me i haft to have braces for 24 months
I try. Lol
Hi Shanon, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
@ my fav chill spot: #panerabread enjoying my first latte chai tea...
green peppers are harvested earlier - all are green before fully ripening (on vine) to red or yellow or what have you
#team my insecurities could eat me alive!
"I wish this book could go on forever." -- me talking to about Where She Went
How long does the charge last?
thank you!
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
man! I wish I knew that before buying 15 quickpicks....
"I'm the player to be named later." -- Bull Durham
Come live in my heart and pay no rent
My dumb account wont let me log on, so I made a new one. ugh.
Got a problem? Solve it. Think I'm trippin? Tie my shoes. Can stand me? Sit back down. Can't face me? Turn the fuck around!
Only cause its my cousin bday and im showing love!
hahaha did I really make you laugh??:o:P
Me!(: I'm guess you don't either?.
Nobody likes you when your 23
Having a healthy relatiionship, fullfilling career, an exercise routine, & spiritual practice is more important than a
Brilliant! Image of The Breakfast Club pops up at #g2e Keynote. We miss you John Hughes
Never give up if you think you can fight for it. It may be difficult to 'wait', But it's more difficult to regret.
Thanks for the kind reply the other night. God bless you as well!
Got lost in Miami and turned into the airport instead. See, this is why you shouldn't let me travel alone!
damn tough break. Stage AE is a pretty great venue. whered you stay at?
I thought you meant for action item!!
Oh that sucks ;_; why did they broke? :x
Need lunch and have no idea where to go. Nothing sounds appetizing.
are you watching tonight's finale of the #bachelor what are your thoughts?
RT: : U of M wins the 2011 Diversity & Inclusion award ! Congrats!
This is the reason why I'm so tired in the day time
semi prepared for this god damn chemistry test. Damn you mrs child
: Technically, it's his third. There was an awful Ali G movie that predates BORAT.
Listen katy perry now.... hahaha
I am getting dolls up for my shows tomm with #Entrrtainment new hairdo. Stay locked for new pics on Facebook
At barones getting ready to sing soon and having fun with friends. Happy cinco de mayo!!
It's annoying haha
I call it: BLACK GOLD!
Needs to get some good breakfast Right Now
got four baseball games this weened on top of working overnights all weekend.... Send some product to the south shore!
- word of the day is Booyah!
you know I do and as a matter of fact Sekou said he saw her like a yr or 2 ago downtown
Just posted about that OFF!/Refused tour at FB actually, Steve. And glad you're spinning Chuck, too. :-)
Listening to #SlackerRadio adult alternative. Does that mean I'm old?
Got your Examiner email, thx. How do I get my articles promoted on ?
#DailyQuote: "I am I because my little dog knows me." - Gertrude Stein
We've got a new Banana Pudding Milkshake available today! Hope to see you try one soon since you like the peppermint chip one!
Tags: CA, Nexon America, Nexon America Inc, North American
Great Monday. When I was not drinking out of a fire hose I was being beaten over the head with the FY 2013 federal budget. I
Attention bloggers / media ... contact us if you'd like to cover design conference May 1-2
Be the best, wherever you are.
Thank you for the update and good news. There's no place like home!
Was it Queens Centre Mall?
I have way too many Christmas decorations for my tiny apartment. Either need a bigger apartment or need less "stuff."
RT:Dear Christina: Your whole appearance is derogatory towards women.Love, The World.
if we get farmar on our team he will be the first nuggets player i will ever hate while still on the team. cant stand him
stupid so it got canceled. And I'm sure you've heard of the office. There's 7 seasons you can stream. (same w/ the other show)
But it's Christmas! RT : Lmao. He actually did decapitate Baron Blood. But he was a vampire, so it's okay. :)
haha I see. I am turning into a black man, starting to like rap again
The cute girl at the library finally looked over at me but when I was looking DOWN with my FAT LOOKING-DOWN INDUCED DOUBLE CHIN
Anyone know why you can't buy Beatles songs/albums on iTunes?
only bestfriend crys because her car was sold... then 5 minutes later crys because its not sold.... all over a car
I thought he was gonna pull out a men's health any minute
Thanks for the follow you such an amazing actor!
Brooks Conrad seems pretty A to me....
Talk stupid get ya head popped
One day I will speak Spanish and not have to manually translate your tweets. Thanks for the music suggestion!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
OMG which 1 ???
you should ask tips shes gonna use to stay beautiful being out in the sun so much for warped!
I'd look into a phone & data plan you can tether the iPad too
Ancient inks got someof the chillest people. definitely coming back to Austin after i move just to get tattooed there
Happy trails, Matt Mantsch.
Thank you!
Hey everyone. Welcome to our Twitter page. Look forward to a great season!
Omg, everyone always remembers my name but I don't ever remember theres.
"Dude, no more watching Game of Thrones right before bedtime. I had some WEIRD dreams last night" Yeah, seriously! me 2!!
Queens College Community. Don't miss your change to register to vote today from 11am to 3pm at Powdermaker Hall.
Thanks a bunch! Worked out great!
Citizen Science is at an advanced state in Astronomy... almost at the point of coming into conflict with pros
Haha RT : My favorite food is my girlfriend's vagina.
lol yeah it's almost noon here xD goodmorning to you too (:
hehe it's only online I believe!
Thank for the RT! Looking forward to next Saturday! Craftstravaganza is such a fun show. :)
Gonna watch 'Your Highness'. Has anyone seen it? Is it good?
Time to drink a 5th of mayonnaise in honor of the Mexican holiday of sandwich condiments
Jimmy absolutely killed me today. To quote Barkely, "he was Tuuurrrrbbblleee"!!!
them miami hurricanes just came out...
I just conducted a survey. 98.7% of the people agreed with me. kthanks, byee
Got a chance to see #Battleship before it officially hit theaters. It was awesome!! I dug it way more than
oh hell no. Lol
User Interface cleanup, then a beta build? The progress continues!
The big #Timeline switch will go down tomorrow for all brand pages! Are you ready?
Just donated blood for my first time at the blood drive!
harry is beautiful.
thanks to you too! :)
Some people tell truths. Just not politicians. :-)
Follow me ppwease =]
Wow, Joe Paterno died.
Why can't a bike stand on its own? Because it is two-tired.
students try harder when they know other students will view it.
Torture is when you have fresh doughnuts and kolaches in your car while driving to a meeting.
Thx for the rts - much appreciated :-)
loved you since the beginning. (= so happy you're happy(: you're a star. Don't forget(=
There's no religion that could save me.
RT : "Siri, cancel my massage appointment." - Tom Cruise
If you really want to own a single pixel, there is always the option of getting together w/ your friends/family & buying a 10x10 block!
not this time... raspberry and dark chocolate chip.
follow me? I followed u
Merry Christmas!!
If yer making a tour stop in Kentucky (or Cincinnati), let me know. I'm starting up a new site that focuses on KY & can help on the ground.
i hate when ppl tell me shit about myself that i dont lke to here
didn't know Jim Joyce is also a NCAA ref
who the hell knows where I put all the audio cables at home?
Nice win for the #Isles. But how bad are things going to get for the #Leafs?
Morning run :)
how'd it go??
Chargers D about to ruin the progress the offense has made.
i love it <3
Morning! Going to the shied !
numbers on shoulders.
See you boys at the yard tonight. Time for us fans to do our part in this season!
what do you do for work?
Bitch, remember when I asked for your opinion? Yeah, me either. So STFU!!!
My #glee theory: Back in Season 1, Kurt was knocked unconscious. Everything since then has been one big, fabulous dream.
thanks so much for the kind words. Be well
Winning would be a #GameChanger - like the RT : LOL hopefully my millions will not corrupt my slummy soul.
What devin told me a couple mins. Ago >>>>>
Finna go chill smoke some with the bessf :-)
Just watching a recording of a product demo I did... so many 'umms'
Really considering it!
Thursday's Acme SPECIAL is Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! We will fill you up! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
I know I saw 750K followers, Jimmy. It could be a different account?
The Super Moon? :-) Dude, I stopped watching before it turned ORANGE! I just noticed it was super shiny. Excited about grad?
Final Cut codecs are super annoying. After hours of tests... I finally figured it out! New video will be uploaded shortly!
Happy New Year!! Hope 2012 is the year for everyone!!
We'll put that one in the "win" column.
Learning how breathe
holy sshit!!!! the mouse on the screen scared the fuck out of me!
At Special Needs Legislation Breakfast in LA with NAJ,Honorable Mark Ridley Thomas (LA County Supervisor) Vana Thiero
Somebody should call me doee
Waking up with , heading to to do some shopping for a party in LincolnPark. City of neighborhoods!
Mandatory budget meetings are no bueno
It's Tuesday at VIA - and that means no upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu item! Stop in and try #GF pizza!. 2-4-1 New Grist beer.
shot sounds good. Got sum Corralejo Reposado!
You can't think outside the box unless you carefully draw said box.
damn that pic is fuckn hot
Game over.
I thought my bf got out at 9 :( I feel stupid now..this kinda makes me miss him more knowing he gets out Ina hour </3
thanks for the RT :)
You're telling me that you didn't have to look up anyone else that was drafted today? I think that's just not very realistic
(cont.) MONEY by Henry Hills, and B/SIDE by Abigail Child! Join us & Occupy Cinema!
So what's the deal with the new line of Skullcandy headphones? Are they actually high quality? ().
I threw suicides on the private jet, you know what means? Im fly to death
thinks finding common ground is pandering. Tommy Digger Gugger admits it is a ploy but an effective tool in selling.
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com#######
#BeloitTeamBullying I'm filing a grievance & think should do the same
Nothing is better than spending time with family!
payday is in approximately an hour #icansmellit :)
Yes, I will. Let's keep in touch! ;)
Salt trucks are out. Lots of wrecks. Bluegrass parkway is shut down! Be careful!
NO KIDS IN THE GREEN ROOM!!!!!!! RT : what are your thoughts so far on the draft? TWEET ME BACK!!!
is in total need of
Well isn't this weekend fucking wonderful?
griffins irish pub
Paired w. black & white or navy & white + red lip! RT We are loving neon jewelry this summer! How would U style it?
iPods are slippery.
Welcome! Thanks for following! EROCK
"Hey, Mommy! One of the judges is a heat seeker!"
www.bellafitnessgroup.com! Check out the new site...
But L.A. LOVES You!
Rose Bowl, Rose Bowl, Rose Bowl!
Debate blue!
thank god this isn't happening a year ago...we'd be seeing tweets from Fraud's wife about how much she loves "Sid".....
thx for RT as well as DM abt repeated section in post. Curious if other #twitterstorians have tried Ngram
Thx to the Apple guy who helped me switch to my new iPhone for sending me off w/ a "Bye Bye Blackberry." Bet he loves to say that.
Dark shadows was so good!
Cant do nothing with this damn room
So true! RT "When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there." - Cecil Selig"
Spending time with my mamaw today :)
Bitch I have A.D.D I been done forgot my 12! Lol
Is time simply a construct our minds create to make sense of the universe?
Just thought I'd hit you with a follow & some love!
Co-signed!!
Love it! Know where you're going for craft beer in #Baltimore or need any suggestions?
THE FEELING OF BEING DONE WITH AP EXAMS IS FREAKING FANTASTIC
English: Basic 1 Irregular Verbs Bespeak Bestrew Pictures Examples.mpg
I AM HI
beautiful baby, you should be proud, Congrats!
Courageous was really good.
Night , bet you drooled buckets over Angelina on Salt tonight!
It cost about $800 to get my LLC, BlueFuzz . I did it through legal zoom which my IP lawyer endorsed. :
#FromThisDayForward I dont care what people think about me.
singingg in my room with the windows open and some woman walking by my house heard me i guess and screamed i had a great voice! ... awks
Welcome back!
TNT totally ripped me off. I filmed the exact same thing with a bunch of the Jesuits last week.
great event with Bob. Look forward to the next one my friend!
Does anyone else find it strange that there are huge fish tank displays at sushi bars?
you be my honeysuckle, i'll be your honeybee<3
Tee bow ballin but Cam Newton Amazing!
I'm sure bo and 'the administration' will find a way to infer that there's something wrong w/ the kid and its not their fault
Email me at I will ask any questions you have
my pleasure. We've go snow in the mountains and Baker can be done if you're willing to work for it.
#LoveMeLoveMyKapler #IBetCarahIsGoingToMarryAJersey Could do this all night except those are the only hashtags I could think of.
“ When You STILL Have a Crush on The One Your In Love with >>>>>…”
hmm, mine has it on it. I'll check answer with powers that be, might have to do with when u registered.
Chipper Jones: Scratched with Knee Swelling
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!! Plzzzz prettyy plz!
I just won $20
No heavy carbs today...worked 2 hard this morn in spin 2 put these calories back into body
Graduation Speech: "I'd like to thank Google,Wikipedia, and Copy & Paste"
Just had my brain waves measured with a neurofeedback system. I have a very active right parietal lobe! Otherwise, it seems I'm normal.
Mixed signals<
This video will be so fuckin live man.
Does anyone else miss when horror movies were written by someone other than a special effects artist?
just cut me off from #Army grade caffeine gum... Apparently it makes me talk too much
RT if you follow somebody annoying
#hth2012 Frank asks god question about why slow adoption of #opendata. Institutions and users need education on how to leverage new options
HEY TRY TO GET ME 300 FOLLOWER PWEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Mother, that man took my soul away. Father, how could you ever treat me this way. Brother...
私はジャスティンビーバーを愛して <---- thats i love justin bieber in japanese (: lmao
Being single sucks after awhile. i miss the i love you more texts, && the kissing. i hate being lonely :(
Synth took the lead early, Tata fighting hard and breaking through the pack but not before Synth had her scoring run; 4-0 Rotties
live shots in front of post offices with the seasoned news reporter. Favorite time of year.
Everything you put into your mind matters, so stay conscious
Who's that? A black guyy, :)
Right now. Over Washington DC. Best rainbow ever. So amazing that I'm sure it will cause traffic.
Presentation Coaching: Get on conferencing service 5 mins early - which means start 10 mins early - because if it can break it will.
Demand for permanent and temp-to-perm hiring rose in the Boston, Richmond, Atlanta, and Chicago districts.
btw how bout the grizzlies tonight?
I be that pretty muthafucka !
we will. We lost a close game. & while we are at it we'll mention how Flacco had a 95.4 passer rating & Brady's was 57.5.
agreed, but I try not to pass judgement, one of my sons good friends if from Barca. He calls playing football "Barca"
TWEETS ARE FAB
"O My Gosh i Luv Your Shirt"
kick off the weekend here!! 43.00 sam adams pints all weekend!! suns vs lakers 730pm crown kings rock the house @ 930 pm
Are you having a good time? We're happy you came in to see us tonight!
"Fuck the police." oh please tell me how you'd say that if you got pulled over.
"Observing is being and not being. Or being in another way."
<--- Slave to the pussy, Im just playing the field nigga
If I Could Have Two Wishes,The First One would Be To Meet Jb In My Doorway, And The Second Would Be A Famous Singer Actor And Dancer
You know what? I'm gonna say it. Keanu Reeves is a boss and we should stop giving him a hard time. I mean, he is "The One"
Happiness is not a destination. It is found along the way in simple pleasures and in acts of kindness and love.
seriously i miss you too!! can we hang out soon?!
:) Thanks for the #FF. You have a great weekend as well!
Please welcome R_nR to the Max life
Not in any serious way, but want to learn more. Fave-ing mostly to remember to look back and learn about the hosted version.
SFTA Event Tonight! 5:00 - 8:30PM Fort Lauderdale Marriott North 6650 N Andrews Ave. Registration available at the door - see you there!
just own it
Last night at this time, I was praying to get tickets to meet my baby.
Watching "Broke Girls" cause the reviewer compared it to Laverne&Shirley- it will never be that. BAD...HORRIBLE
Lesbians are just so cute. No one objects to seeing two cute girls make out.
are you running a tab there lol
Sometimes you see a woman wearing heels so high and inappropriate 4 early morning commute it makes you feel like you're about 2 fall down.
Making cupcakes for my beautiful friend :D
Guys with gauges >
Good-ass mix
.... Chad u know Ravens & Bengals very well, who wins tomorrow? God Bless U in '12 ....
The Isleta Hotel is gorgeous. Quite happy. Happy new year's!!
Some scolding hot tea with lots of sugar. Good bye pneumonia, hello diabetes.
Moms always trying to ruin everything.
Girl bye!! And I am working. I'm about to scoop you up baby.
and I am TOTALLY AUDITING THE CLASS
um Mr. Suedecrush when was the last time you put a shot on dribble, Nothing in the 2012 sir.
Becca!! :) long time no talk!
Bad day. Hopefully good night
me me i want
Sure. What happened in NC is a setback against civil rights but 100 years from now we'll laugh and recall how stupid and bigoted people were
Set your boundaries. Take a stand for what does not work for you. Speak where you are afraid to speak.
Cant be Paul or KG tho smh
Miss you
This English Setter is getting ready for her photo shoot
Thanks for the shoutout! :D
The Boy Kicked Some Real Shit 2 Me. Just Gotta
I'm bout to graduate in May and I'm more confused about what I want to do with my life than before I went into college
I took a nap and I feel so good.. Just what I needed 😌
it's true though. i made 40 bucks out of it.
Love your blog. Good Stuff!
BREAKING NEWS!! Brandon Roy is retiring due to medical conditions.
looking forward to it!
and shout out to she has a nice "ASS-SET" HAHAAA
Thanks! We'll finally have our first episode up pretty soon...we shoot this weekend. Whoot!
Woke up this morning without a voice....singing, no howling to much and
you're so weird. Let's hang out soon. Concert this Saturday? :) I'll drive.
My room is still squalid.
nm just senior year
I hate rollover adds on film sites. HATE them.
Happy birthday (: have a great one!! Enjoy it have a blast!
Just because one person doesn’t love you don’t mean you should forget about everyone else that does
Lol, deez niggaz is down wit wateva is supposed to be the "in thing"
maybe you should watch something else :)
Why is our administration spending so much time in Columbia? I SMELL TUNA!!!!!
So does today mean I can watch more porn than usual??
I think he has terets or some.. chill brahh , lol :)
hoodies + skittles + black = "gangsta"? MT Its common sense-look like a gangsta&some armed schmuck will take you at your word
I want a free tshirt cause every night with my friends was a would or would not night:) #NBHNC was what got me hooked on it!
pass pass
This is seriously the best movie ever
Lies.RT I'm the INNOCENT ONE.
what people try and use to tear you down..God will turn it around to build you up.~Livi Stith~
Done for u! :) RT: Can 1 more FOLLOW for me? ;)
Best Friends Listen to what you don't say <3
Thanks and will let you know.
I hope Brendona wants to go? :(
samsung galaxy 2 / or wait for the 3 soon !! If sprint carries it.
RT : Helping people help themselves and each other. We’re proud to help keep the #CommunityAction Promise
Watching The Social Network on Starz. You know, the film where Rooney Mara looked all cute, clean and wholesome.
"Women do not have an equal say at the policy table in Maine yet". Legislative Leader Emily Cain at USM today
A special #woofwednesday to they have the coolest eco-friendly dog bowls, check em out!
"Artists don't care about credit. We care about change." -- Seth Godin, as quoted by Peter Witte at the Middle of the Map Fest.
I'm a weirdo watching
getting ready for work today....and then two days off to enjoy the gorgeous weather!!!
I need to start a team
I enjoy writing. I like writing. But writing a cover letter is incredibly, horribly painful.
that dude!!!!
#21CRadio Q5 Are there any music-related apps you use that provide services you couldn't get elsewhere?
Bronson: Took Ambien that night because "I wanted a good night's sleep. I didn't want to wake up." 2 nights prior had been restless.
#crowdfunding vote postponed again! More time to call your Senators and say vote YES to the
Can't we all just get along over a plate of twinkies? :)
I'm surprised ESPN isn't touching it yet. Do you think b/c they are slow or because it's a touchy subject?
still taking them but their okay haha
He's 30!! Why does he look 20 and so beautiful XD
Microsoft Word frustrates me in a way I'll never be able to explain and google docs doesn't do what I'm looking for. *tear
Oh Tebow help us RT why hate the thunder?
Thank you everybody who donated over the weekend. On Wednesday look on City Hearts facebook for the winner of Lunch with
I know I'm excited about it!!! I pre-ordered it a couple of nights ago!!!!!!
Free cars at Bill Doraty Kia if the Browns shut out the Steelers on New Years Day. Las Vegas odds 5,000:1 Struck by lightning 10,000:1
Landed #Navy Yard. Today we're parked on New jersey right in front of Capital One.
Just had an enlightening meditation session.
I bet it was quite a site. I wish I could've been there but I have you to thank for the photo.
Great tasting at Sag Harbor Liquor Store today from 4-7 p.m., the perfect way to end the work week. Hope to see you there!
We're here for you when you need us. That's how hosting should be. Glad we can deliver.
RIP #DickClark. You are legend and will be missed.
I'm no expert but it would seem taking out your top assist guy and your best scorer doesn't give you your best chance to...you know...score.
I wish!!!!!!!! But we need to go to at least one game without the carrier lmao.
so u got a lousy box too? I saw some really good ones but obviously...NOT what I actually received.
ur a sweetie pie arnt ya?
I like to see the girls im vagina twins with Haha
here we go
Answer your phone!
icantgoadaywithout cherry chapstick, my music, my cell phone, my mom, my dad, and my love.QoQWs
The ride
omg I'm sorry I kno this is a serious matter but u got my sister going crazy cuz u wrote her back lmbo too funny
Had a great day with Mother .... She wont get outta my room .....
I can't even comprehend that.
My other car is the 4 train.
trying to! And do the same, papo :-)
coltrane and stats. i'm still a social research dork.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. ~Edmund Hillary
Hitting at Lilly's with tonight 9:30pm! awwyeah.
At this time services have been restored for the majority of customers. Sites on ecbiz97 may still be experiencing intermittent connectivity
Amy Winehouse Dead. So sad. Such talent wasted to drugs.
Congrats Adrian! Great role for ya.
If god is my only witness, then who will write my story?
getting dressed ..
Hey Dani having trouble sleeping so up most of the night about to lay back down; HOW ARE YOU MY LOVE?
I take great candid shots!!! LOL
Ok, it's time for me to get off. Goodnight and God bless! :)
Where the travel refs????????
Phone interview now rescheduled. A blessing in disguise for my sore throat. Now off to teach!
I was lookin at the Chicago code 3 track list dat junt finna be hard
RT : Sorry! Site got pounded! What's up with the site? Haven't been able to load it for the past couple of days...
Battering ram RT": Tough yards right there for Ricky Williams."
Stressed about something? Just listen to #JustKeepBreathing and you'll calm right down. Works every time like a charm for me
Calling all #CouveCoolKids , Fri the 10th of Sept: blood drive for Who's in? #giveback (via )
What's up wit this fucked up world today ?
Don't spend your afternoon waiting for your oil change. We can service most vehicles in 20 minutes.
Cool. Make sure you look me up.
A) That's my Wild Turkey and I don't recall granting you permission to drink it. B)...especially with coke.
I just registered for my last semester of #college. Then it's off to the
Earth, Wind and Bacon
on the gront stool talkin to her boo cuz she dont want her mom and sister listening to her conversation. Pepe got hit
I believe that a GFS Marketplace just opened off of that intersection too, so technically there are 3 grocery type stores there
Why all the yummy food at Hal today? My healthy eating just went down the toilet?
I don't understand why they'd even consider Damon. Are they thinking he can still lead off? Dubious at best.
I'm feverishly voting against him!
oh okay! Thank you
You know you got this ladies!
What would you do if I told you that I la la la la loved you?
Same here..... 1D 4 life.. No matter what
is Darius Miller pushing himself into a second round pick?
include me
:-) Likewisr RT Thanks for the #FF shout outs! Wishing you both a magical weekend. xo, g
2011.10.05 #postseason #Diamondbacks 8 #Brewers 4 in 8th | It's tough to win when / we can't keep the ball in yard / see you on Friday
just said what I've been thinking this entire session.
And here goes the crash...
Sing loud. Sing like you mean it!
Can I put my head in your lap? Or rest my head on your shoulder and let you steer?
Oh my. Times when I forget that we probably read/skim enough academic papers in a day to wallpaper a whole house.
To keep your herbs fresh for a longer time clean them with a damp towel and place them in an airtight bag.
Why you's gotta be hatin' on Glogster? What are you, an English teacher?
Some people just don't think...Hahaha.
God is still speaking
Happy Easter, westies!
So ready to go summer clothes shopping this weekend<3 oh and 8th grade dance dress shopping-_-
The prediction for the "peak" bloom along the tidal basin is March 24 and March 31st. The Cherry Blossom Festival begins March 20th.
Riverwest Artists Association's Annual Membership meeting is scheduled for Saturday, February 20th from 6-8pm at the Jazz Gallery
you can contact ticket rep April Powell 210-675-7275
to see Monty Alexander with Sly and Robbie. Three legends who have played w the legends. Special guests expected. Still seats!
Flacco on Boldin, Torrey Smith: 'When they're running by their guys, you just put it out there for them and they go get it.
Call Nestle Crunch hotline 1.800.295.0051. Listen to message then wait quietly for about 10 seconds & you'll smile. Promise!
yeah of course doesn't look like me? Lol
I'm thinking my momma and I should have a show on ! :)
Disappointed is cutting vital funding for breast cancer prevention, screenings and education at centers.
I was checking the bbl site and saw you have a division named after you. Congrats!
Dynamo can't beat LA without Davis.
DEMETRIUS GOTTA GO
Thanks ! Glad you liked the video.
Can you recommend a good one?
Giving your body is not the only way to get love, but your mind,heart,soul is what a person should really want more.
Pork shoulder in the oven for ' carnitas... never made it before, anyone have advice?
check me out
Everyone deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
So excited I get to start my solo today 😄
Love is my gift to the world. How others treat me is their path... how I react is mine. Dr. Wayne Dyer
Come to tampa 9
RT : The beaches are lined with bones bleached white, Of men who with victory in sight,Sat down to think it over. - Unknown
Thx -might do that, Problem is..I was speeding, but so was everyone else. Oh well it's the weekend.
Always knew . was #overpriced & #notworthit, but never knew they were so #dirty. #Gross! Never going there again!!!
I would like to disallow anyone who refers to students as "the younger criminal element."
What kind of pizza?
Just finished hosting Accelerent Roundtable in BBJ conference room. Made a couple of really good contacts including Choice Technologies,Inc
ill pass on the slurpie but im all about a long stroll
Congress owner seems like he needs to run his venue more responsibly, re: the greater community/neighborhood.
hahaha good old Lou Brown.
Man never walked on the moon.
we're on YouTube. We don't have any official music. We are working on covers. Just look up Lost In public So Far Away cover
prayers for you all RT : Maybe we can get back to our "normal" soon. What a roller coaster ride
Some days r better then the last...but im feeling like todays gna be a good day!
OK Anglers, What lure are you using today?
d said whats up, hit him up
dickey was at KS house to negotiate for job, Floyd calls DD took call, spent hr negotiating w Floyd in stallings living room
were you using the previous iPhone or is this a new conversion?
Looks like you are making up for lost time, my friend! ; )
almost ripped off testers head today
1/2 point PPR if healthy start McCoy tonight or Gore Sunday?
Fashion isn't something that exists in dresses only .It's in sky, street. Fashion has to do with ideas, way we live, what's happening-Chanel
let's talk! Call or email us :)
lol it's the hospital
go away bully.
Wrap your head around that one: RT : The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn. ~ Cicero
ugh... a so called friend. Apparently all I'm good for is wwf games anymore. :-/
Fxck the past & the ppl in it...
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
One cannot quarrel without an opponent
RT . from now up
it's okay if you do. They're really cool guys!
Yes, its myspace.com/tailgatesouth! Dan McGuiness is a great little pub! We've been playing there for awhile now.
happy friday from Everybody Deserves Music! We appreciate the work that you do
Last night's episode of "Ringer" was really good :)
I'm confused.how can you be a social media, online marketing digital whatever company..but your clients aren't verified?
I like your style!!! A little B.B. King flavor!!! Wow and only seventeen!!
the question is..how do scientists go past the physical?
didn't see this till after we left ...sorry buddy!
Fear will stop Action, Action will stop Fear!
follow me on twitter ;D
MT : Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation
Wtf?!?! This is pathetic ur not a true mahomie!! Your a bully and have no life!! Just leave Keyra alone!
Renfields will play Fright Farm Tonight! Be there... Or Beheaded!
ugh I turn 20 tomorrow.
Color Graphics today! Sunset and Arville. Chicago Dog- $3 w/ peppers, tomato, relish, pickle and celery salt!
yes. Very good stuff. You need a special coffee maker for them...but it beats paying $5 @ SBux for a PSL!
Have fun!! I miss all of you!! : At the OTTY awards with and
#20ThingsAboutMe #17: I am a genuinely NICE person. People tend to take that kindness for a weakness, or being naive.
how does the blind teacher grade papers?! 😲
Don't hate, cuz hating will not get you anywhere in life.
Hopefully it does better there, than it did here. as a musician I thought it was a cool concept the judging system however is meh
for booking contact
Not only advertising but programs like LockUp - it baffles me
Be careful out there, green Chicagoans.
Adjectives I would never use to describe a visit to the post office: convenient, swift, delightful, efficient, peachy-keen, satisfactory.
the fight on paper view hbo?
If you say so yourself!
Can a huge Ravens fan get a follow? I go to Calvert Hall, the school you were at on Saturday?
Rain rain go away...
Idk why im tired i have done like nothing all day. It was nice to have a day to relax with my family tho(:
ah. if you guys do decide to do video, keep us in mind:
Thatsa boy! RT @[me] I'm 27 & I reserve the right to hug my mom at (almost) any time for any/no reason.She doesn't seem to mind!
Really excited because i found out a movie theater near me AND a grocery store sell
still a sea of cute dresses @ the Ali Ro #sample sale until 3pm today. Stock now $50, samples $30, Donna Morgan dresses $20-30.
Yes! I'll keep you posted! I sit in 313. Where will you be?
Thanks for the RT! You are now entered to win a $25 Best Buy Giftcard!
the should
Get your Tickets Now - The Canticum Novum Chamber Orchestra & Chorus Fall Concerts “unjustly neglected masterpieces" 10/15 Santa Fe...
more of a Brady guy myself
It’s almost back to school time. Have you started shopping yet? Share with us any great deals you have found.
2 hrs before I gotta get up for work & I can't sleep bc I'm coughing my lungs out from being sick....:(
I love you too babe :)
I will be there tomorrow. Hit u then :)
UCSD's Geisel Library (which looks like it's from SF) is important in Vinge's *Rainbows End.*
produced 3 children. And they were lovely. But Opal had a dream.
Isnt it fun to see the Consumer Mandate Market rear it Huge Head! Supply side economics! Such A Joke
They do seem to be a very respectable and exciting company. Plus the models are so hot. Lol
My dad thinks his jokes are hilarious, and I only laugh because of how bad they are lol gotta love him
Hell yeah bro good seeing you man
Thanks brah, there's more where that came from
He appears to be in pain.
use to play MK and shadowrun. Played a little GH as well, but I wasnt ever any good at it. Now I dont get to play much anymore.
i love you <3
lolol that's okay... How about 7 at my school on Monday for the band concert... I'm not in it but it's happening!
As the great Eric Reid would say...
Rad! Where is it? RT : Working "the Magic School bus Live" nothing better than bringing theatre to kids.
“: If FB social interaction gets diluted, then is Twitter the way to build course / faculty community?”
Our new #vegan menus will be available April 23! RT : Will launch its new vegan menu soon?
thanks for the follow and support keep being your jedi self and check out
RIP Amy Winehouse :(
I had "Hail Mary" playin in my ears at Ralphs. The bagger was like "Yeah that song's tha shit".
Alright yeah, thanks.
"Every time I made money it was here I said and if ma niggas asked for it, it was yea I said"
Time to work again. Out to the 30 bus. MKE.
G.M.N.I.: Bout to help with this hw. Pretty sure I almost got shot walking to my sis' crib.
That's good..I can dig it
happy new year little bear!
