Have you heard of Isagenix? We get lots of ladies that fit beautifully into their bikini from it! Right ?
Happy Easter, tweetland! Led/played 2 services so far today...2 more to go...so many reasons to celebrate today!
finally reported #occupywallstreet but claimed we have "no Ideas" favored bloomberg's position. Maybe break up banks? Regulation?.
LOL! YES! I know EXACTLY where that spot is, hahahaha. finally.
leave, just leave your like one of those monkey's at the zoo that doesn't get enough love so it acts out to get attention
Very nice.
RT : The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!?
Did you ever get granola recipes? I have a great one but I'll have to dig it out. Haven't made it since last year....
Kobe having diarrhea still won't stop him from playing!
Going to give people some time to #FollowBack or I will unfollow them(:
for fundraiser. Hit it up! Goes till 7. Great door prize raffle!
I am in the 99th percentile on ESPN's Tournament Challenge.
What i say is F,,K the haters the jealous, the ones who are trying to bring you down, all of you will suffer the truth, cant stop destiny!!
7/18 issue of www.asianreporter.com has great articles about the Dalai Lama, Pyeongchang 2018 games, Portland events, history. Great paper.
Dude! Awesome pics for
I'll see your blast radii and raise you mini-muffins vs bagels.
Polishing is always good! Here's to a bright and shiny manuscript! Good night :)
24 times todayy!!! wow!! gotta love comp class<3(:
Sometimes tweeting people is easier than texting Them because most of these whores don't reply because they're stuck on twitter.
coach bags on clearance
they are coming back to the UK in five days?!
Should I swim today?
Fade in on some Jews, with a hunger for blood...
okay I'll see Bcuz my gf is graduating to lol so idk what she'll have planned
So apparently there was a tornado at umass today!! Yikes!
que bueno! Can't wait to see you babygiirrllll :) <3
Tickets to the March 31 event go to... !
Yes! Finally downloaded an entire ED's worth of images from the #1940census. Anybody need to see 40-10 from SLO County, California?
Well, if you are ever this way, let me know! Any speaking engagements coming up?
Good meeting with #VMware Federal this morning....on how to address I/O latency issues.
Jonathan Aldrich joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture series to celebrate Poetry Month! Wednesday 4/18 @ Noon-1:00pm in the Rines.
OH MY GOD NIALL IS LOOKING AT ME OH MY GOD OH MY GOD. I TOLD YOU ALL. SO HA.
Absolutely! Come out for a visit. You can stay w/me. lives close.
Covering high school football in the rain. Woo! Hopefully the skies don't open up!
Out with the old, getting ready for 2011.....
spent all dat money last year n it was like three rides I fuck wit. I need rollercoasters. Come wit us LOL
Malt Liquor poisoning
Actually, please turn your SWM membership card in at the door.
Everyone should follow just got signed with agency
He just sent this guy off a damn ski jump! LOL
Listening to and in tears as I pray! God there's no one like You!
I can look at you and truly say if there wasn't a you I would be so much happier.
Ha ha “: Damn. Feelin this full moon hard!”
30 min until YOUR takes on #16 Cornell here at DB Milne Field!! Time to do work ladies!
Message me your number?(:
you're the best! Thanks so much
Hey, Twitter Fam!
Yeah you see that strong woman over there. Fighting off all the negatives. The woman I look up to. Yup you got that right.
Its Gonna Be CrAzY! Tonight #Bodi , bringing U the hottest party in the Triangle. Don't Miss It!!! Get there Early 2 get in.
Follow new account.
If you say "please" in a rude voice that's still rude
Obama must set a price limit on Red Bull, iced coffee, & hot wings
Aint in the mood to talk to nobody
Feeling the 2:30pm crash? (I was) My military friend told me to do pushups to wake up and it works! #GetDown&GiveMe20
Why don't you come watch ya nigga tear the whole scene up!
Nice work buddy! Have a great final round.
Thanks for the follow Doing our best to share the knowledge in Wisconsin. The dairy state. Soon to be coconut milk state!
Poll Results! Where will Carmelo Anthony play this season? 49% = Knicks, 17% = Nuggets, 34% = Other. What do you think of the results?
My mom seriously needs a life!
HOLY SHIT THE DRAWSTRING ON MY SWEATSHIRT JUST WENT INTO A CANDLE LIFE JUST FLASHED BEFORE ME
Cool Intro
my back went out, so i can kind of relate. muscle relaxers today. i hope you feel better!!:)
Feel free to bring your mustache and join us on our adventure to see the Avengers lol
the bags should be filled with thoughts, its a no brainer. Literally
I know where his heart is
Woody Allen Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies
Trivia at 9:30pm with DJ Prove to yourself that despite your frequent drinking, you still have at least some of your brain cells.
sorry we missed it, hope to hear he does another one! "Hey Criss, ur graphic girl kicks magical butt" ;)
Adjusting my eyes on what is unseen instead of what is seen for what is seen is temporary and what is unseen is eternal ... FAITH!
I don't want to be rude or downplay your anxiety about the situation, but a next day appointment is actually really lucky.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. - Napoleon Hill
who has influenced you most?
follow back?(;
making easter eggs
Another Sunrise, Another New Beginning
Heyy Jay!!! I Miss Yuh Dearly!!! I Can't Wait To Get My Phone Back. I Love Yuh Hunny. Huggs && Kisses.. <3 <3 <3
Our White Peony tea is a major hit with customers!!
congrats to #lsu tigers baseball! 2009 Champs! Geaux Tigers!
Rockin the #bechstein piano see you tomorrow, James Jackson Jr. live tomorrow night!
just think
the weather is great so therefore i'll be @ the gym later on for the evening workout & off course i have 2 watched 24 season finale 2night.
Yeah, there's nothing there about him saying he wasn't coming back. Recruited over, used up, pushed out. Crean's SOP.
shut up
Dido!!!!!! RT : loved you from way back when you was on def comedy jam..LOVE you even more
Interview SUNDAY 7pm to 8pm on TRUE STAR RADIO 92.3fm.Listen online www.truestaris.com and click on the link that says TRUE STAR RADIO
I live here too now.
At the airport watching a chick order a strawberry frap. I'm giggling to myself cause I know she's about to drink bugs.
The only thing keeping me happy is hope I might get #believe tickets.. Life's so up its arse..
thanks for the follow. cool tunes.
Get out,get out,get out of my head.
oh purdy!!! I can't wait to do mine. =P
Hey, - Congratulations on the record-setting season! You will always have tons of fans here in Rochester!
There are three kinds of people in the world. Those who are good at math and those who are not.
OMG! Are there no new ideas in hollywood? They jist have to keep "remaking" everything. Im going to look up this epic fail!
Comoderated a mayoral debate with for the Fil-Am community. Thx , & for coming.
thanks for the follow! What's your favorite way to #exercise?
People really piss me off.
Just kidding I wouldn't do such a thing lol
are heroes a! Thanks for covering my jeep!
Great! Registration isn't officially open yet but check back soon. Look forward to having you! :)
Asher Roth is trying to be like Eminem .... its not working .
Alan Newman why the change in roxy rolles from last year ?
Congrats to Harvard hoops team. First NCAA tourney bid since 1946? Wow. March Madness, and there wasn't even a tournament
Congrats on your acceptance to the University of Baltimore. See you around campus.
1 Is The Most Loneliest Number That We'll Every Know, LIKE If You're SINGLE "/
Gonna nap
had a rough start today at The Hex
yes ma'am like at 9 though :(
Kobe is so consistent! One of the greatest forsure. #Respect #StillTeam'Bron'BronTho 😄
Got together tonight and played some bluegrass music, fun night but now my fingers hurt from playing my mandolin!!
Just an incredible shot
#flacon2012 learning about the future of academic libraries in Florida. Makes me glad I went to Florida Library Day!
Check Out our Great $1 Beer on Sundays!
I most def gotta go see battleship!
Can't tell if midterm was extremely easy or if I suddenly knew everything from studying so much >_> HELLOSPRINGBREAK
The smell of the feed store >>>>>
Hope you had a good weekend!
When are you coming to Florida?
Writing video game music right now?
i miss the myspace glory days
*Refreshes youtube* *refreshes YouTube*
seriously??! Well happy flacking birthday!!!!
the rewards of being a parent. Have a great Sunday afternoon.
sweet gig! Do u have to dance on the ice?? That requires some serious skill :) congrats!!!!
I am watching you on the satellite feed waiting for the news conference on FAMU.
will be writing bout my tour of Flagship Store for Will give u the heads up when it appears.
Thanks for the RT Alice
Finally home !
Next quarter, I'm doing my last quarter as an editor while interning at LA Weekly and helping LA Review of Books, plus...
It's starting! Mother's Day Makeover & See it live @ 9 am on
#gooddaysunshine Make one positive behavior change today! Notice how far you'll get.
glorious morning sleeping in (what's that!?) and studying at progress coffee in the SUNSHINE!
That is what I LOVE about film festivals, besides the audiences and director/subject Q and A's.
ah just looked at my toe and i have a big cut on it!!! how does someone get a huge cut on top of their 2nd toe?
I have ONE week to learn Who Says on piano before the auditions for the talent show o:!
I looked in the mirror and saw the old me...
Enjoying Peruvian at Andina
just don't take a picture of it and then post on twitter!
same to you, chica! :)
hey I'm in Canada on business! Very frustrated because I can't find a lively bar. I want an energy place sit and drink alone
The Rat Pack also included Angie Dickenson & Shirley MacLaine. :-)
I fucking hate people. A promise is a promise. Don't make it if you cant keep it.
Hell yea, double shot of on the radio! Hurry turn it on 94.5 FMX now! GO!
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
You want to try to argue with me because I dont know the difference between a hair pin and bobby pin. Seriously?!
I was hoping you'd say that! I'm so happy for you! :) I'll miss seeing you around though. :(
ok you could b onto something here!
The art piece "Art Galleries & Back Allies" was unveiled tonight at Self Help Graphics. Kudos to artists and !
Someone tell me thins is a joke. I wanna cry now. #ABDCisRigged.... Are you serious? :'( </3
It should be illegal to wear a "TapOut" t-shirt laced with glitter If you're with your 2 year old getting subway
You got. Hope the day is going well.
Ugh...high schoolers.
lindsey i hope you had a great birthday. :) i'll see you at your party on fridayy :D illuu girl #HappyBirthdayLindsey :)
The wind is like hitting the door knob outside, & I keep thinking somebody is trying to open the door, ahaha. It's freaky.
Why am I never in twitter no more?
Just wish i was giving some sloppy head rn :-)
it'll be a good one.
Be yourself. Don't take anyone's sh*t, and never let them take you alive. ~ Max Lydic
Lmao There wazz a pond off piss in the middle of the floor Xena control yahself
Been awake for 40 hrs. I worked 29.5 hours over the course of 5 nearly back-to-back shifts. I get home & the first thing I do is read co ...
Day 2 at #FIL. There are too many books and not enough time. I'm seeing great graphic novels though.
I'm so proud of He's on stage at #TNW2012 talking about me!
i miss yhu 2!!!! I wish yhu were here.!
Cool ...Happy Easter :)
lol i have faith in u, i know youll come up with a reasonable punishment lol.
#mufc. No big problems in the CL draw! Bitters are shagged tho
Yankees win on a walkoff wild pitch!
Sure... You can make some decisions. I can't do it ALL alone... Sounds like my wife talking
That's the best you got?
Hey Everybody i just wanted to tell you that im going to be performing at NFA in Newburgh NY on Friday June 4 its gonna be fun
Just when you think you know someone...They fuck it up.
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
So knows every sex coach whose workshops I've sat in on.
How about adding Ryan Suter self proclaimed "stalker"? LOL...
the shit SUCKED , I ain't did a damn thing !
this kind of weather makes it feel like its summer.
Thanks for the free 1600 Points I just had delivered to me.
Since I had wicked poisoning and missed a day of work, gotta head into the studio after the night job to make sure I don't fall behind.
Just got out of work? Still 40 minutes to "get gonzo" with the folks from
Dear World, OMG. Love, Zach
please do :) thank you, nope all my family does though right outside the city & then other family lives near weschester/mason
I've never seen them play either, and no one cares about tennis lol
filed under days that end with "y."
"I'm really good at getting head" - Rube Sheeber
You know who had an epically bad night? Rafael Addison. 0-for-6, 5 fouls, and a turnover in NINE minutes.
they were before us
when i got to much on my mind i just sk8
happy fucking birthday!!!!
Tonight ima sit & chill .. roll my blunt && buss my bottle lol ..
yeaah im going .
I am so grossed out right now, eek
My friend Lorenzen Wright was found dead in a wooded area just outside of Memphis. RIP Lorenzen I love you and I am going to miss u so much!
- Gas is 4.99$ .. im not coming over to "chill".. either we Fuckin or you owe me gas money!
Thx to Netflix I'm burning through all the early seasons - excited for Sunday 2
you had a cheerleading competition yesterday? ..how did you do? ;)
justin . justin . justin . <3
OU baseball! ": Oakland holds on for the 4-2 win and improves to 10-3 in Summit League play. #gamedayOU"
after this bio class I've learned that you can be very book smart, and also have zero common sense.
Red Snapper Po Boys, Chicken and Biscuits with country gravy, Espresso rubbed Veal Porterhouse. So much good food for a late meal.
would love to! Tell your local promoters, we need the help of your people in your fine country!
It's another busy day as The Pit hosts eight semi-final NMAA State Basketball Championships games! Who are you rooting for?
Pretty morose here today. And isn't here to talk to.
it's Sanford Biggers - an awesome installation.
It's a date! :) I'm free Wednesday and Thursday this week?
#theVoice makes me feel like a floating balloon with a huge smile drawn on. This is becoming a problem-- should be reading Rushdie!
Your hair >>> everythinf
: I saw all those cars when I was walking home last night, thought there must be something really bad happening!
You're never a terrible friend! Have a good weekend! :)
i absolutely need to get wasted before graduation
Smart girls open their minds. Easy girls open their legs. Foolish girls open their hearts.
There's something about Dual that appeals to Marcus.
Great to hear, we loved being apart! How long did it keep your coffee warm for?
our pleasure. keep up the great work.
oh dear.
It Puts the Jergen on Its Skin: The Untold World of Aborted Product Placements
At least we're still in the playoffs! Woo!
That's the only way to do it! RT : Keep It 100% & Be True To Who You Are
Just got back from the beach!
Happy you made it, have fun!!!
I'm not trying to hate on Taylor...but that comment she said was uncalled for.Dont say "she can do what she wants." BS!That's not right.
Ashley boucher is my favorite person in the world
Getting my nails and toes done.
Woke up with a headache, blerg.
glad you like them! :)
Everytime she comes home we get the talking that PAST shit...
Tonight at - at 9pm at the Main Stage outdoors!
RT : Happy birthday ! A prime-number birthday for a Grade-A guy. #stcorg #aginggraysfully Is Alan past his prime (# bday)?
Thanks! The texture of the coconut and slight crunch of the walnuts really gave it another layer of flavor.
THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!
(((Cyanide)))<~~~ A hug for you because you are amazing! Have a great weekend! You are the best!
Oh, those kindsa billboards are EVERYWHERE in the south.
Thanks man. It's all downhill from here.
We so impressed!!!
Lets go #Lions ... Time to crack a beer and get ready for a great game!!
don't go to school tomorrow !
If you yearn for the days when a rapper could say, “asparagus tips look yummy, yummy, yummy” and still sound dope, this is the track for you
Good Luck! #skydiving :) And Happy Belated Bday!
Off to the White Sox game. Hopefully they can win, if not, I'm going to have a wonderful day of eating junk food at the ball park!
lost your balance on a tight rope, lost your mind tryin to get it back. wasnt it easy in your lunch box days?
love this!!
So glad summer is getting closer
I went from combat rock to goo goo dolls
NW: Basketball Wives
Nope, only on Fridays! Maybe it was my Justin Bieber t-shirt...
Hi saw your note on FB. Welcome to twitter!
zoom in on her in her living room or whatever room shes in!
How am I going to eat this cupcake and drive?
Id rather be single than to be lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
gotta work
two! Horribly!
Ive been a nanny for over 20 years. Just make sure you trust your nanny and have faith in her.
I think Joe Santagato might just possibly be the most attractive man I've ever seen in my life.
What an awkward day at the gym...
#AyoNicki I love it when you go back to the basics and make REAL HIP-HOP MUSIC, oppose to that rinky dink stupid ishh. Bitch you a rapper
Gorgeous morning
houston, i think we got a problem
Peaks and valleys in rapid succession
i love simisimi
1pm? I'm in lake view for work
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected cancer help
I would love to see some of those vids!!!
I seriously hate being a girl. You're up one minute, and down the next. Why can't it ever be consistent?
Very cool. DM or RT how we can help! I am in charge of a secret santa program that helps low income children.
have you connected with ? He knows his way around WordPress.
TONIGHT!! on in to talk about the Resurrection and Justus from CTL, $taks and Mav of Sol Camp will also be in!!!
with boyish figure and steel ass cheeks for days ... Wrecking ball for a caboose
#gwu Safety & Security: "A student said a suspect was in the library Police searched the library, no suspects were located Gelman reopened."
RT : #ABoyfriendShouldAlways Put his girlfriend before any other person
Shout out to for landing that deal with Kiss!! Get ready
Why do pedestrians only get to hug the baseboards of the street? I want to experience the whole room.
Coming back!
#92YearsOfTradition Thanks Voracious for Gold metal recognition! Sincerely, Lotties.
my bad lol
For what it's worth, I'd recco skipping a whale watching tour and go kayaking. More guarenteed fun for your buck.
Wilson eager for armless Anchorman return
Your source for unfinished exotic hardwood flooring * decking * lumber
Just took a history test..
OK, so after a few phone calls, my LAST 1099 from last year should be in the mail tonight. Finally, I can do my damn taxes!
Got away with doing absolutely nothing in double maths today it was so good :).
we're glad we have you on board Kaity!
so a man who goes home to a super model every night is gay? That's interesting.
Well, I'm sure I know what is going to say about those missed FT's in the morning
That is cool. Thank you for sharing that with us.
Avg age of the guys on this Mavs team is like 137
DANIEL!!!!! I WILL FIND U THANKS TO ALL THE INFO UR LIL BRO (Micah) GAVE ME!!!
RT : Dear #MNleg, hundreds of #Vikings fans are at the Capitol today to see the stadium vote! Now we're in the house...
Duhons getting booed lol. I'm not the only one who thinks he sucks ass
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
I'm just ready for tomorrow night lol
Everyone follow my friend Tevin !
Watching "The Pitch" on AMC. Good show. A little inspiration for the type of work I'm in.
I wish you would bullshittin round though , you killin me over here !
Just like you would cut unhealthy foods out of your diet, you need to cut unhealthy ppl out of your LIFE.
thanks 4 the sympathy :) not on pinterest. Have not signed on, afraid to add another time-suckubus!
I really want to punch the government in the face right for even considering taking our rights away. We the people tell them what to do!!!!!
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster. - Adam Osborne
oh see thats a good idea! well post a pic when theyre done! i wanna see what a real london flag on a nail looks like :)
im in yo room!
Seriously though... #YSL6812 is comin up in just a few more weeks...
who is cute Louis and Liam
glad u checked on me
pancakes & bacon... at night??
If you have some cool toys you want to get rid of and you want them to go to a good home... My kiddos would be thankful!
#OutroTweet night folks
Ozzie Guillen - Jesus, Oz. After struggling for attendance for years, all we need is u alienating Cuban America in Lil Havana. UGH
Come to Laughing Buddha and get a tattoo or a piercing to celebrate this special hump day!
ready to
I wish I was free tonight to go out. I know DC will be jammin to Chuck Brown all night.
I'm ordering some stheart stuff again.. The new line is ok, but I seriously want summer clothing.
I think I can actually feel my metabolism working all day long. Like, eating me. Ew.
just talked astrology with the clerk @ Walgreens after checkout. It's moments like these that really define my love for Austin.
I take you too be my lawful wedded text buddy. To have and harass, in rich quotes and nasty jokes til my dead battery do us apart...
A Sex Offender=Pediphile!!!!
": 3some with josh and sammy or? Haha" Omfg NO lol I was talking about some other shit..>.>
.. and that mixtape is coming real soon.. Sept. 5 to be exact.. look out for it
Tweeting from history(; I'm scared of this teacher haha!
very well, thanks. And you? :-)
Been up 40+ hours... time for bed.
Well, it looks like I won't be staying up late to see how this game ends. It's over already.
I'm still tryna find how he came up with that.
i don't hate, especially not over politics. Its going to take some persuasion for me to think Bush was a liberal though
getting a mani/pedi tomorrow morning with mama :) yay been way too long
rap!! I ghost write too, not currently signed!!!
Crisis averted... More batteries have been found.for the mult box
Wanted: burly men for scary dark mountains
:( wahhhhhh I need my little Sam here
That Colton on #idol is way to darn cute!
Ugh I kind of don't feel like traveling to Stamford, but if all goes well I'll be practically living in Stamford this summer *prays*
" " is the only thing that clears yet delights my mind.
Thank you for the offer. My buddy at work is going to help me in the morning. We'll see how that goes. Fingers crossed!
There is nothing worse then a dude dropping a growler and then not washing his hands as he leaves the bathroom. Stay Classy Gents!!
Only been working for a little over an hour and gettin confirmations and buy outs left and right the tour is lookin sex
History has taught me that Emily Haines is ALWAYS WORTH IT.
* The unemployment rate fell to 8.2 percent. The unemployment rate for college-degreed workers 25 and older is 4.2 percent.
You should get a team together
OLLU Men's Golf - Finished 3rd of 8 @ ROUND 1 -- Grub Mart Invite hosted by Jacksonville State @ Silver Lakes in Jacksonville, Ala.
i hate this feeling
#Rampage receives opening pull, doesn't turn it over, leads 1-0.
Some amazing hats in the crowd gathering at the
T Minus one week until everyone in AZ can stop pretending they know/like hockey
I guess it's Timeline time...
Haha Sounds nice !! www.virginemag.com RT : i wish virginekorea got branch here in ph :)
awesome! I can't wait to play civ5!
lets trend #TurnToYou , #12HOURS (: Everything you do is so inspiring, i just want to buy you a panda.
Congrats to Jackie Polvado, winner of our second contest! You have won a group of pre-made Boardmaker art and cooking activities!
Glad to see the #Pirates have regressed back in to the #Pirates. Go
- great to meet you too! hope you can make it out to the festival next March...
Still selling tickets to that Gorilla Music Battle of the Bands, if you don't have yours now hit us up.
I have a small weiner.
excellent…don't suppose you have time to make model F-35s? (model of military industrial complex: "costs more than AUS) TY!
To this point, no better than a C effort from everyone on the #celtics minus
good ;) stop staring at me ;) do somethin!
trying to get back on but support is giving me a real difficult time with a seemingly simple issue. what gives?
Relationships are sinking ships I want one where the boat stay a float
on the bright side.. it's already Wednesday 👍
The list goes on. But does that stop me from voicing my opinions? Well, I think we all know the answer to that ;)
“ God only allows ppl to close doors you were never meant to walk through.”
If you can manufacture cells to do what you want, these "software packages" may qualify for an extended period write-off.
You guys, Rachel started dating Mark from work to get back at Ross. Seriously, I cannot sleep and Friends is real addictive.
A healthy selection of books to read.
that is true...ok how old are you? lol!
#HipHopEd () ...like a river / Imma deliver / Rhyme harder than high tide / and make global warming shiver
There's 3 of us standing in a row playing #FruitNinja on our fones :P
That's true. All this social media = less mail for Owney to deliver
you're the one for me. ♥
awesome book. thoroughly enjoyed it.
mom's are funny
Glad Bas shared that. Good example of how dangerous a blade is, even if you live through the altercation.
All temp files are saved for 4 days. No more accidentally not saving your file. Nice!
Noels getting investigated by NCAA? Ugh. Not good.
RT : If Santorum is handing out anything beer battered, Romney is screwed.
NEW CRAZY LADY on 2nd flr. She needs tweezers to pluck out her rhinestones and a Q-tip to set her hair on fire
That's it. #DnB is back as my all time fav. #Dubstep is #3. Tks to #Pendulum & Masochist 4 reminding me where I came from
Wouldn't it be awkward if your favorite singer told you "Fuck You Bitch"?
Need to get myself and Audobon ottoman,
I didn't use that I was on the actual site refreshing
I so can't wait until Highschool Football.
Right back at ya buddy!
many thanks for the kind words, Sara!
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention i wont get attached 2 u....lies
On a hot air balloon at the palm springs polo club with
RT I have to wash my hands because I touched my money.
I do my best not to dress like a cholo but I always fail.
Just a few more hours
Listening to writing podcast eps all evening. Only just now realized that I forgot to actually write anything this weekend, myself. Ironic?
Yes! Just wonderful!
Meet you at the "red dawn" gathering site. Bring ammo. RT : Hah I know it sounds like such a conspiracy theory.
I never understood why people would wear seasme st. character clothes.
haha no problem!
A very happy Thanksgiving from the Arts Engage staff! Enjoy your break, students!
do what you know is right - skunkworks and developer driven 20% - know your enemies - find your friends
“Show me a man who has enjoyed his school days and I’ll show you a bully and bore.” #Robert Morley
happy birthday!!!! <333
I ain't messing with nobody else swea , my feelings are not to be played with . Getting hurt im not w/ it .
Decided to name my first hip-hop album "swag the dog"
Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess. Edna Woolman Chase
we do contact printing www.contractprintingdirect.com
I love you Alex! You and your tweets always make me laugh and/or smile!  
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!! WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ????? :DD <3 #yee 7
"I will never let you fall, I'll stand up with you forever, I'll be there for you through it all, even if saving you sends me to heaven." <3
awesome - welcome to Where. I'll keep an eye out for you or we can meetup at booth or one of the parties
Follow me! :D
how u been
Maybe the "love" part is the time you'll have to put in to teaching her how to use it? (That goes for my mom anyway!)
Cleveland Browns&#39; president Mike Holmgren and coach Pat Shurmur&#39;s Saturday press conference -- NFL draft 2012 ...
FOLLOW BACK! SO FOLLOW THEM!
I don't even turn on ESPN outside of NCAA FB/BB season.
without those heels you may have drowned!
It's pouring down and I have a class outside
Hope and I just did the lemon challenge and we made a video hahaha
On the muthf**kin blue line headed home.
i miss you!!! they are making me play this stupid game :/
All we ever do is fight but I really just want to talk. But I know we never wanted to make it a fight. I'm sorry babe
Great rehearsal to prep for our June 18th show at M&S Grill, and our busy July 4th weekend!
Nice to meet you! Can't wait to cook Indian food from your kits.
understandable. but at least its O V E R now!
why are u bored sweetie?
Kicking off a big week!!! Watch for tweets!
Never good when your tweets refer to yourself by name. Get well Chris.
James Cameron can tweet from the bottom of the ocean but I can't get NPR in my kitchen. #wtf?
Im so tired ^.^ !! Goodnight Austin<3 && Everyone else i care&Love about((: <3
thank you to for being so nice and filling us in on where we can find ed. so sweet, thank you!
Figured it out--Go Nature. Am researching faeries. My past life regression is gradually making sense to me now.
Looks cool. Glad you enjoyed some beer instead of going just to eat.
I understand. I was trying to be nice though
Rewinding that at bat and saw that Fielder just smirks before hitting it out
Congrats to It's nice to see good things happen to people who make great software!
I want to make fun of it but I'm 112 on the hold list so I haven't even looked at it yet. *sigh*
I think they get one curtesey warning an after that: game on
I listened to a podcast about the gender rules for nouns in romance languages today. #Slate manages to get my attention again.
Just remember when nobody else was there for you, I was. And when no one else gave a damn, I did.
Some good news coming from Madison Square Garden as the #Rangers take game one of the Eastern Conference Finals.
That moment when you know your going to fail the AP test so you rather not study at all.
Don't move too sharply, Jennifer Lopez- your boob might pop out.
Wassup Girl!!! nothing u?!?!:)
is my new favorite rapper of all time
o yea no homo
I love Sunday' s because I spend the whole day with my boyfriend and his fambam :) .
Bridgewater #freshman mistakes
sun down sun up
I'm so hungry! Racist people
baby girl, your'e sweet! :)
yeap, I am still awake.
Cinematography for Silent Night, Zombie night isn't so bad. Story weak, but unintentionally funny. And it's #LA! (I love LA)
but at the same time what your doing is very important and we'd like to support you.
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 3-5 ft waist to head high POOR TO FAIR CONDITION
Can't wait for to come home tomorrow!!!
WHERE MY LAPTOP AT? WHERE MY LAPTOP AT?
#TwoThingsIWant for Chicago foo fighter tickets and a laptop
I need that butterbeer!
I need a BUCKET of
is crackin me up today!! Abb workout!
Why do I have the craziest dreams..?
Happy St. Patty's day ♥
Pacers got a better chance at winning the ship than the Mavs SAN!
Day 98 of 100: I am thankful for finally cleaning up all my domain names
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
Gave my mom the same speech last year
Who is going to the #rb3style event at tonight?
i don't know why or how i am awake.
composing instrumentals and smoking marijuana lol!
never mind lol
Still looking for the Scully to my Mulder..
Schell Games in Austin and Pittsburgh is looking for prgmrs-Server/DB, Web, & Flash Demigod. If interested, @ me
At Hyde Park community meeting last night, University/architects spoke not at all about how CTS basement (Seminary Co-Op home) will be used
If murder in the name of Communism is a reason to not refer to Marx's work, then surely God shouldn't be quoted in anything, ever:
Happy book birthday to love you, auntie bett
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Check out the #ISFoundation and all the attention they bring to beach cleanup!
that's cool! i volunteer with NCGenWeb so let me know if you ever need help with anything!
People take Twitter so seriously these days. Please get a life.
I mean really.... So im jus supposed to say ok and thats it, huh..... Um yea i think not, lets try that again....
Josh Billings Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Lol, so what's your name? I know it's not Barrack lol
wish that you could but you aint gonna own me do anything you can to control me but its never gonna happen...
Good morning twitter world! Enjoying another long day at work... will be a 16 hour day. Yippee.
Oh, way to hide the evidence that you sent this lady threatening letters written in cut out letters, leaving the magazines you cut the...
Halfway done with the first SAC meeting chaired by !
I have a massive appetite this morning! 😳😁🍴🍳🍞🍰
Making popcorn and websites - at the same time. Yep, I'm that good :)
Congrats on your Master's! Super Proud!
And for women all over. In fact I'm quite the feminist.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
On April 2nd, I was crowned Miss Allegany County (Maryland)! I can't wait for the state program in June! I'll send photos!
"if you want a raise, go on big joe!" -bob
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world. - Josephine Billings
On my mom's phone cause i could do That 😜
But I want,I want,I want to be loved by you,One Direction... <3
let's go..
yes..and i am still at work..lol ..how was the workout??
Phone fixed after a hard reset
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
I used to not like LA, but the more I've come here, the more I can appreciate it. I certainly enjoyed Santa Monica tonight.
I Hate Arguin Wit Him Becuz It Throws Mi Hole Appetite Off
What were u doing?
Cool... you playing out at all?
YOU get to decide if YOU WIN! Persevere, Believe, Take Action and ACHIEVE, Expand your Mind and Allow Success to Be YOUR Expectation!
i bet!:)<3 i love you harryy u the man!!!!!<3333
BUT we'd be happy to meet you for margaritas after close! Sounds like lots of great live entertainment throughout the city!
yes I'm still on here! Down the hall from taco bell
Just heard all about on I cant believe these guys did this! Such a Great Concept & way to make it work for you
I miss a lot!
O so close to being an interception. Good try Oregon.
Got some great news today!!! Proves that the key to success is consistency & sustained effort over time.
Wheels Down in Phoenix. Home.
board votes 6-0 to deny grievance.
This poem I need to write<<<<
Yea she been MIA..sup wit dat?
A-I-D-A. Attention, Interest, Decision, Action.....
One of my project archivists made this pun about me: Megan doesn't need to use a bone folder because she knows the score.
That guy is not getting laid in a while. I feel bad for him, kinda- not really actually.
You hoes comes up short, you always on ya knees
That's funny!
Twisting at Oscar's Birthday party in Waltham, Ma. from 1:30-2:30 Pm
BEST FRIEND! Where have you ben?! #IMISSYOU SO MUCH!!!! :,"( </3
Ah what is going on rite now my mind is spining wow
well no, you're not. Sorry
I wonder how the jamaican people liking the new government.
Oh Hayes Carll!!
Oh Lover, when u call my name No other, can do dat da same, no I won't let u, get up out dat game, no So go lover, go on N make me rain N w…
I actually forgot to record before heading to Tucson. Quickly told DirecTV to record in my garage from online...forgot to extend
Do not let spacious plans for a new world divert your energies from saving what is left of the old. –Winston Churchill
Don't know specific examples, circ always seems to be a factor. might know some from work at
Brad Meltzer: A librarian whose name I don't even know changed my life.
Wow, I didn't realize there was such a difference in dosing between the study and actual prescriptions. Thanks for the insight!
Damn Facebook..please dont spoil #Instagram for me . Mikeymoss is my user name #instagramcommunity !!
whew. that was a really long week.
From Guinness: Application is in internal system, "We will process your claim and give you an answer to your application within (4) weeks"
lol no i like it
Huston Street is hurt. No no no no no no no!!
Biz owners- don't fight with #quickbooks! Use it as a dynamic tool! Ask me how.
That awkward moment when you've skipped a crap ton of songs on Pandora after 30 seconds of each and it plays an ad for ADHD next.
Retreat to Glen Cove. Who knew Long Island was this beautiful?
DHC's is in Olympia this week with
Our reporter at the scene believes it's about to be detonated.
Omg NO I'm getting shots :'(
I'm sry that Austin's leaving but Miami is amazing and he's gonna have alot of fun :)
Anyway, one of my favorites was casting Jenny Agutter, whose work in the period 1971-1981 makes this fanboy drool.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you are doing well.
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
I always wake up with a big shiny thing
another PSSC football victory
‘Give it here malfoy or i’ll knock you off your broom
It's all for real, I'm tell you just how I feel.
Great, his singing gives me the strength to make it through the work week .....;-) notgivingupkeeptrying.
he says "how about move in slow motion, but talk real fast"....now he's cookin with gas.
Gabe's has come a long way since I was a kid. They used to have lots of defective merch but seems more like overstock now. LOVE.
She just told some kid what is he looking at? Oh my god is she fucking serious? Maybe it's her 3 month old baby sucking her nipples!
that's the way to start a Friday. Maybe instead of #ff it should be #hiphopfriday??
not at all
Hey stranger“ S/o ”
Waiting for the rain to calm down so I can make a mad dash to the car for lunch.
sure thing!
Going to the brunch this saturday with my meetup group (The Genuine Girlfriends of New York City) Hope to see you there!!!
I'm sure you were! xD
Loving... I mean LOVING right now. /Iris, /Nectar, /RX 2 & /Ozone 5 are making me giddy! /iZotope RX2 is amazing!
Is anyone excited for Snow white & The Huntsman? I sort of think it could be good. What's the twitter world say?
has Bob Baffert ever dropped a horse back from 7f to 5f??? A beautiful horse #blackcaviar see ya in Dubai!!
I seriously have a new found respect for Accounting Majors.
Da changer: Maysa ,Incognito ,Brand New heavies, Andre-love below, E.Spalding, Black Alley :) jus one of those mellow days!!!
Automakers, suppliers propose strategy to replace key resin The auto industry may soon have a strategy to avoid vehicle production interr
achieved tea-mode in the office twice this week. more would be better, but it's twice more than last week.
Thanks for the great question!
From one Southerner to another: what's got your dander up, sugar?
Well, look how much money makes sending emails. Oh, wait.
tweeting about "haters"? Put a dollar in the douche jar.
i feel warm with your hand in mine, as we walk along the shore line .
Not quite... Tom. And he made me very upset this morning. I would have rather paid to hear music than fix a "new" car.
thank you for your input on the panel and one on one
It's National Hot Cross Buns day. I used to be so good at that song on the recorder in 1st grade. Could have been a recorder rock star...
Haha okay maybe not...
Thanks, and that's great. Good for you! I'm currently pitching a few projects, hoping one gets scooped up.
It says something when I'd rather write a metadata schema instead of cover letters.
Glad you're good. Stay safe!
WET NIGHTCLUB and LUCIANA as she performs her hot song I LIKE THAT this saturday APRIL 16 at WET 915-449-2066
tweet tweet tweet I don't know what I'm saying either but I'm for sure on twitter
awww thank you!! I love "my" players
what apparel will it be on??
First Lady, a new gospel musical written by Lawrence Floyd is coming to a theatre near you! Watch out for us.
I think Depp and Burton should just get married and be done with it. ...and sleep with Helena B Carter on the side.
Perfect day to have off ☀
Thanks. :-) It was my first QAL AND my first sampler quilt. She has seen the top but thinks it's for someone else still.
Sounds great to me!
make sure I'm in video
are they really?!?!?! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
lol no in dew time everyone will kno.. I'll make sure I'll tell you as soon as I tell Quana
#Oscars are definitely no super bowl
Can your handicapper show you $50k in gold just sitting around,is he sending you winning #Soccer picks at 9am?Think about it?Get on the list
YA showed me my mistakes & transgressions were not unique, and let me forgive myself and move on.
but you definately had the sweetest celebration. Very original!
#OddFact of the day..... Almonds are members of the peach family.
#PreparingForBattle lmao if you want you can love me more. I'm not in a fighting mood
Two words: Algebra 2:/ Ugh I dont get this class haha
Lane is erased on Justin Sanchez's fielder's choice. One out. Sanchez at first.
I need some watch advice got anything for me. Semipro budget.
Well, has been writing a "ya book for satanic kids" for some time now. But is that a market?
aw no fun :/ im so glad i only work friday morning and then im ready for all the shows im going to this week
A kid and a tit. Just one word for #Time Magazine's Mktg and PR team. BRILLIANT! A gazillion dollars worth of free publicity.
Saying thatthe #Bible is a #joke, is surely very offensive and I don't like it. Just because u don't believe doesn't mean u gotta be rude!
Time needs to slow the F down lol
thanks so much for making it out 2 the show! Was the setlist cool w/ u??
at this point, Davis is better than World Peace
Preppring for 5 courses for the the amazing pipa player, Yang Jing is performing at the dinner/concert series in Oakland tonight!!
I'm seriously having to battle myself to keep from rereading Hunger Games before the theatrical release.
IDK. I mean, Donald Duck doesn't wear pants.
comparing costs of US-Japan shipping cos.
Damn I need more followers
"Don't worry about things you can't control, just live in your happiness!"
Home after Cornerstone TV interviews today-good people. America for Jesus meeting earlier-Don't miss 9-28 & 9-29 in Philly-
yes sir! Have fun with WESTEST today...
BtoBSocialMedia: A national survey of reporters and editors revealed that 89% use blogs for story research, 65% turn to soci
I H.A.T.E homework/studying.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Couldn't agree more !! RT : "I have an irrational fear of wasting a good outfit on an insignificant day."
Harden with the KO punch to the Dallas ponies #NbaChumpions FTM!!!
4) everyone knows she can't sing for shit.
Is Blog World only in NY? For some reason, I remember it also being in SoCal last year.
I'm so sorry for Tablooo:'( T.T
I know your heart is in recess, I know you feel depressed, just call my number, ring my phone, and I'll come runnin home.
Yep, already planning on it.
can we kill the phrase "content is king"?
Awww WE LOVE YOU TOO!! and we'll see you on our skype date ;)
All your info on the 2012 JJA Jazz Awards? Follow
A single vote from #ChuckNorris is enough to win.
Cuz when i say i wanna talk you just push me away tell me you leavin when i want you to stay .never thought lovin you will hurt me this way
thanks x)
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
Home sweet home
In the trap til the sky change
He's rumored to commit to UK sometime here very soon.
: Thanks for the follow as well. Hope you'll stay tuned to what Sullivan Street Press is up to. We do good & sell books too.
Just seen in the Hot Topic Valentines Day promo pics! Lovely! <3 If youre a fan of her check out her store
Q6 I really try to hit sales, bargains etc to get everyone what they want or a gift card towards that gift
oh,,and I patented that idea,,so,,,dont try to steal it.
what do you think of an A. Foster for Romo, Gates trade?
being a paid insomniac
Wanted to pass along in case you hadn't heard of it, thought it was up your alley. Hope you're enjoying FL!
Kicking off the last #mithdd of the year. presenting on archival description to a full room
All lacedfacts followers s/o the lacedfacts page on your twitter..Lets bring all college athletes and fans to our community
good job on your picks!!!!! Just need one good one this Sunday ......
...establish harm reduction for consensual sex workers who choose sex work and see it as a legitimate career choice!
Bend it ovaa, touch ya toes.
I feel like that's a safe pony to blame. I blame him often and for many different things.
Obama: "I have enormous confidence" that the U.S. Supreme Court will declare the health-care law constitutional.
Get a fork for the pad thai, and the curry needs a spoon. Pay no delivery toady, when you order from Typhoon. Code NOV2011 at...
Best way to make extra cash-look for the best Bonus given out by the Sportbooks. It can mean the difference between a $100 or a $1000 Bonus
who you got as your women's final four and champion?
my mamas dizzy n weak. Her doc is out for a weak. She NEVER wants to go see doc so when she called, I took her straight to ER.
That's pretty cool!
that's what I thought too? Now I'm confused!?
I saw blood dripping from my hand, and asked her in a flat voice: "Did you scratch me?" / "No, I believe I bit you." —L .v. Sacher-Masoch
Great meeting you at the event last night! Enjoy the rest of your semester :)
I sit & drink and watch californication......of life
I'll never ever ever be a morning person.
Just know.. I tried.
Thanks for following:
that's exciting! Gotta check it out. Congrats 2 Pryce!
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1909 the #Queensboro bridge in #NewYork opened linking #Manhattan and
Well, I'm assuming these moms are washing for their entire family, but it doesn't make the occupied dryers any less annoying.
How do you tell a guy who hit three HRs in past few games he's doing it wrong?
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
working on them as we speak! :) what else do u want to do this summer?
thanks for the update ...
Amazing trip to LA. Excited about sharing my new single soon. Recording went great. Happy Easter!
I love my even days :D ' they are my chill day's
What can I see you baby?
off for my walk shortly
i hate when your waiting for someone to text back and your phone goes off you rush to it look at the screen an its someone you hate!
So many strangers in my tweetfeed right now!?! Then I realized is a retweeting machine tonight
hey, follow our business near South Haven, Michigan
Living This Good Life' .#OnlyBecauseOfGod .
Overheard: spicy tuna rolls are the number one cause of death in America.
I Love your new hair cut Miley, It's Very Cute
Back in Chicago. 1st - assemble bed. 2nd - pay parking ticket. 3rd - listen to Mahavishnu orchestra live LP from 1973.
“: I tell u like I tell my spanish chick, u fly but I ain't goin down on no landing strip”u gotta grow up
Happy pi day, y'all!
Si no fueras tan puta. You wouldn't have to switch friends every weekend.
Thanks for the follow Love Second Time (lovesecondtime)! :)
i dnt get it how can jb never say never without saying never... i never could understand...
oh, the is also part of the crew today
#ILikedYouUntil i started noticing little tiny things about you that bothered me.
My pleasure! Thanks to you too!
that was the tallest touchdown run ever
yaaaaayyyy, east coast wings for lunch :)
Transparency will rule: Privacy kills trust- or at least limits the amount of #SM benefits you'll get.
Carson = Crypt Keeper
Who do you know that is working for a better Baltimore? Send a tweet with the tag #4bmore. First 4 win a $5 gift certificate to YOURS Store
Here's to an improved 2010 this New Year people! Hope it's better for you and me!
2 yrs as my fave coffee/office away from home office AND STILL RULES for Pine St Long Beach coffee & wifi! THANKS Lazara & IAG TEAM!
This is our first tweet! Visit us online at www.losersbar.com and add us as a friend on facebook!
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting g
Let it Go: Forgive, So You Can be Forgiven by T.D. Jakes is #5 on NYTimes bestseller list. Good book news.
Hahaha I love that! When you laugh I laugh because your laugh is cute!
I can already tell I'm going to be awesome at this game.
Composing &#39;The News,&#39; With A Musical Twist
Keep it.
- did you see the michael's ad today that shows the discount on the craft room stuff? imma need a craft ROOM.
Hope your foot is feeling better! ;)
Monday's don't have to suck, well Mon-nights anyway... #8off8th tonight starts 9pm. & + more!
They're both attractive, but Rachel is the better reporter.
Stop by and say hello to our new manager Tanya Cornwell and let her know how she's doing!
STOP.....Take a long look around you.....
Im more concerned about the Heat not winning than the Lakers winning.
I told ya I was trouble, you know that I'm no good.
I AM FROM FL I LOVE TAMPA GO TO BUSCH GARDENS OK? 
I'm drinking like I still have samples of here.
Hey kristina, we're a pretty wonderful marketing/digital agency in San Francisco. What are you looking for?
Thanks, - if you do it, let me help, and let's tour this city to city and see how our fans stack up! (shhh...Go Lakers!)
Nigga get over yourself...
u dont bother! :) I will. Wanna come to m party? :) haha
“: I think people who wear bow-ties are always twice as interesting as everyone else.” your legacy?
speak the truth
I swear I dnt put nun past nobody••••
I'm grateful to have true friends!
OK let me tell Bahja think she cut but she aint so she have no percentage of Mindless Behavior RT if you agree
its quack. I just typed it different. Its how they say "Derp" on the old episodes of sponge Bob. It just makes a quack sound.
just found out that my roommate loves you! I said yeah we go way back hahaha
I appreciate it. Nice job again tonight. Personally, I think you really get the crowd going. We need more btwn point JMac!
Oh really can see me?:)
Thanks for following HIWI and promoting the #HIWI hashtag. Happy New Year!
I sleep with my closet open,and no night lights. I dare a monster to come try and fuck with me.
Hey all you tweeters hope y'all had a great day I sure had a busy day but it was super fun
lol, omg. Lmao, inapprops. Smh. And psh, it's not the same unless you're attracted!
Aw shucks. Thanks! But really, you guys made the #mc220 class awesome. How are you both?
Chris Davis, playing DH in this game is throwing in the bullpen for the Orioles
Hunger Games!!! Woot!
Todays #drake song of the day is "headlines".
Let's go Cats!!
And He Let Them Say Lil Shit...But Its Okay Im Good Doe....
#brandbowl my favorite so far dog #Doritos ad. Very cute. Dogs will get me every time!
id like to suggest to anyone interested in being friends with molly regis.. DON'T BE. shes a beeeyotchhh
lol that driver come yet?
Do you prefer a sash or a tiara or BOTH????
Well that's convenient...
I'll say it again...Ur tweets are awesome! Thnx every time!
what's with these homies dissing my girl?
Good on you! Over at the Capitol for the Attorney General. It's lonely here; there aren't many (read: any) young people.
Is that a solution? Or a public penance?
Oh you don't give head huh? *hangs up* *deletes number* *unfollow* *unfriend* *report spam*
Welcome to Joe the Plumber , the average Joe that out stumped Obama the Entertainer. Wake up Ohio!
lol im potato number 2;) and nothing much u?
I always want to do my best to preserve our environment and now I can get it all shipped to my house for FREE
haha well now you're gonna make me blush! I knew you were gonna make me blush!
Scoring defense isn't always indicative of good team defense..often times, it simply means you slow tempo. Look at Defensive FG% & road wins
Wow. As a teacher, I would find that AMAZING. I could reflect clearly on obsrvtns b4 end talk.
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm addicted to traveling and can't stay in one place for very long.
Thanks Pictometry, great party at Scotland Yard Pub. Thanks for the awesome comments on the food. Come back again soon.
It is the audio version of 's book. Listening is helping break up the monotony of cataloging this morning
The Alphie and Abner show needs to become an actual show asap.
They say hard work pays off lets see how much we gain
Everyone talks about how great the 80's and/or 90's were. Gotta be honest, I'm really enjoying the "10's"...
Starting my night full of meetings... Im so ready for this weekend come and be over already!
“: Go Ta Youtube #SlimDunkinTv He'll Tune You Up Baby.. #DirtGang” good lookin out, thanks
how's it goin dudes?
Want to thank those of you who have supported and continue to. Those of u who are loyal to our vision and cause. #GRATEFUL, I have you.
RT I remember when I used to spend Friday nights DJ'ing on twitter with think maybe we should revisit the fun!
Just finished reading Mockingjay, finishing the Hunger Game series. I cried at the end:'3 truly such an amazing series<3
There's nothing to be embarrassed by. Just reduce the smell -- that's really the only offensive part. The sound is funny. Well, to us.
Pixel is an experiment in using an AIML Chatbot to answer simple questions. Its DeeAnn Allison's project, so I'd ask her for info
sorry boo!!! it will go fast!!!
they need more funding asap
My little one is obsessed with my ipad and keeps coming in wanting to play games on it
Glad to help, let me know if you need anything else and always refer to actingonthespot.com.. you might find some answers (:
woooorddd, I heard you moved though...
trying to fly home tonight- how is the lot /pacific hwy looking? Any issues?
Got tickets to "The Best Man" on Bway with Angela Lansbury & Candice Bergen AKA JESSICA FLETCHER AND MURPHY BROWN ON STAGE TOGETHER OMG DEAD
That's one big if.
Whoa! Holiday just knocked #bulls out of the #nba playoffs wit that shot. #uclabruin. Looks like #Heat vs #Celtics EC Final.
You're such a pussy.
#fridayreads Finished Star Island by Hiaasen this am, reading Stiltsville by Daniel - Florida seems to be my theme this week!
From a marketing perspective, I am just amazed at the fandom of the WWE.
The 70's looked really smooth.. The 80's was full of partying but also the drug and aids phase.
Very nice! Raiders open season against Chargers on MNF
But we will also have reporters here - you want to look especially good for Radio!
to be compliant w/OAuth spec, you should provide one there. Your app may be configured to prevent values other than "oob"
Agreed. It's amazing neither are not in yet. I would have to say Judas Priest too.
u have my favorite name. so u r pretty much super rad. thought u should know.
Time to get back into the swing of things... Feeling very positive and motivated after the conference! :)
You just got salt all over your cereal! wooooooohoooo
thank for that!
I remember the days when I actually knew like only 4 other people on twitter ... 😱 kind of miss that
Usually picks up as the year goes on as the weather gets more consistent, especially amongst students.
RT : RT Fox promoing Sept return of college football because they'll go straight from end of race to kickoff
Love reading to feel connected to #ROC. (Leaving it at that - can't put my feelings on exposure to crime in the right words.)
Watching fargo this movie rules haven't seen it in forreeeeeever
this is bullshit..my facebook page was disabled and i have fucken idea..its stupid..i'll let you guys know when i have it up again.
That IS creepy!
FOLLOW she follows back and you'll gain 100+ followers!
Whoever comes up to the ring announcer at Saturday's show and says "I love Rocktagon" will receive a free beverage courtesy of the annoucer.
We are almost at 50 followers! Check out MTB! Follow us and join us on FB!! Quality content is a gem these days!
Cleveland seems like the best place to launch! Also, when will you have an Android app?
BOOK A STAR!
crying baby in the apartment above mine. she's been crying for last 4 hours T_T
Now if they would have said "grass roots", well.....RT : since when is groundswell a buzz word?
hey what up how your day hey let me get number
for real they know we r a good couple
just make it then it shall be perfect (: haha
You have enemies? Good it means you actually stood up for something in your life ~Eminem
Tomorrow ima be an emotional wreck (no one will probably know why), but hopefully not :(
"Life is a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller
Like...what brand is the fabric, or who prints them?
Cody Simpson is gorgeous!
Hmm. Not a whole lot of calm before the real storm - tonight's game.
On the 29th day of Counting the Omer (Pessach Sheni), Kol HaOt asks: "Why is Jewish continuity important to me?"
Meh, I apologize for ranting to unknown people who don't care.
Grazie for the kind words. Hope you made more memories.
Everything! lol its time for me to upgrade ...way overdue for a new phone!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great Hump Day! Stop on by tomorrow and receive any two top shelf grams for a $30 donation! Have a good night!!
Listening to the #Mets radio broadcast while watching the game on the muted Braves tv station because it's blacked out in Nashville. Yes.
A2: for me, it was restlessness and curiosity. Turns out, social and online marketing is a deep well to fall into! :)
Iphone is sucking balls... taking it to best buy after the gym. hopefully they can make it work.
Slept in today... I really needed it.
first it was Steve now its Vinny. Geez sounds like someone has a couple office bromances going on.
Hey #Ubud and #Bali I'm speaking tomorrow night at Movie Mondays at the Yoga Barn about my new documentary followed by watching "Inside Job"
I've given in to that one -- I now offer extra credit if students find the errors before I do (with often hilarious results).
Best meal ever alone!
spring cleaning! Good for you.
Glad to hear! Were there any changes or improvements to the app that you would have liked to see?
My wife and kids is hilarious.
The feeling is mutual! Thx! RT : Thanks for the RTs - you guys are great!
We will be playing at Easton Farmers Market today 5-7pm, free all ages. Be a localvore!
Yeah. I really hope he gets reelected and turns into Hulk Obama and just kicks ass.
I already have one invite to go to Seattle after CHI, so this is now very tempting... I should have a better idea in a couple days
I love you.
Yes. I took a sample of people and made my determination
ya..soo..i have a pretty good feeling about this team <3
Packers I love you no matter what,WERE still better get them next season.
A very Happy Birthday to my buddy, !!
please follow me
is one to watch... dude was hipping me to much mixing techniques earlier today
Oh sweet! 405 during rush hour, in the rain…
The Morning by The Weeknd >>>>
im not gone give you a show if you want to see a movie go buy a fucking ticket battleship come out at midnight fucking peon subtweet dat
Nvidia booth is party rocking during set up. LOL.
Thanks for the shout out guys! Hope to see you at #TechInMotionPhilly tomorrow night!
yeah i don't half to but I'm getting out half a day just cause or when ever I leave
Only a hour and 10min left to win the autograph
See that orange balloon at ? That's us - come say hi. Your free tags await you!
AMAZING commercial!!! AMAZING voice!!!
I have an extra ticket for Seattle 2.0 awards tonight (I'm not going to be able to go). LMK if you want & will try to xfer.
Great. Another thunderstorm. Thunder better not destroy any more homes.
#gingerfilms Transgingers; Ginger's List; Rocky Horror Ginger Show; Do the Right Ginger; 28 Days Ginger; Jay and Silent Bob Strike Ginger
Phone calls with about our fucked up love lives >>>>
kind of enjoying multiple tweets about whatever ya'll are singing at UM
Yes is hands-down the baddest bad girl this season! #WhoopThatTrick!
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
I hate un-following someone and then seeing their tweet because someone retweeted it.
The 3 worst states to rent in? AL, AR & CO b/c laws favor the landlords. Even judges have said don't go against yer landlord in these states
That's so great to hear! Plus you got to witness the very last performance of "Delusion" ever... What a special experience!
Nobel Pig is the closest I have come to eating European food in the US. Amazing, brilliant and delicious. Long lines though.
Don't blame you. Only been there once, but my shirt would be. "I (indifferent shrug) NY".
Weather gets nicer, crime goes up?
Me too...Crave, crave, crave lol
I be getting lonely sometimes. I need a puppy or something. Lol.
are you going to nicks tonite..?
But the good news is, I ate so much ice cream and french fries that now salads and fat-free yogurt actually sound appealing!
& You sir, are very attractive. Therefore, I will stare at you
Thx. Still work in progress. I thought what Vivek W said re: women was interesting - waiting for pushback on that!
thanks for the follow love your tweets.
Trying to leave Vegas to go help mom w/my Nana, who fell last night. Have moved 10 miles in 40 minutes, on approach to Hoover Dam.
I love the word "liaise". Liaise liaise liaise.
Oh Jack's fucking burrito! i am totally Following:D
Excuse Me Sir But Be A Man Of God And Not Put That Name Think About It What Would Jesus Say ?
next stop to watch the fight.
Mississippi Street Fair tomorrow?
exciting, where are you off to?
Man I have a huge headache ugh
"Take care of the golf balls first--the things that really matter, the rest is just sand!"
This isn't a crush load red line. We just decided to play a giant game of sardines.
If you have a picture that will work well as a Twitter background when repeated click on tile background when uploading the picture.
We've only got a couple of sizes left in each color. Send us a DM for color and size and we can get back to you!
You got it. Good look on the RT!!
my cat had problems with UTI in the past, so she's just weird about the box. I have to put her in every day myself.Then she goes
what's your FAVORITE Color ?
Americans NOW notice #GOP have FEWER&FEWER CREDIBLE JOURNALISTS who EVN LISTN 2 their #GOP lying whines&spews bout America?
Sudden craving for taco bell
Real shit if I follow u!!! Follow me 2!!!!
No, not at all! Now just need Avi completed by in the bottom right corner.
That's a dope team! So excited for you all. Have fun and kick ass.
Yo Mama So Fat she sat on a rainbow and made skittles.
Cool! We'll check it out and keep you in mind!
Ice cream places need to deliver. It would save me the hassle of having to put a bra on to leave my house.
why does newfoundland look like austria? and when has a glacier ever moved as fast as jets?
thanks for all the hat-tips yesterday! :)
get with rakes Willis Troutman. First baptist studio. 6:30.
Ma I think I saw the Easter Bunny on your back porch. I'm not sure. I only caught a glimpse.
Yeah I have no idea how to play never have I ever #oops #teamsleepover <3
I'm horrible about weekend tweeting... will try to do better next weekend
i couldn't resist with a show called
Gotta bring this new years in good!!!!
4 real, that was so rude, what is wrong with ppl?! That literally made me sad and mad:-/ How do u do it?
Ready for the week
I'm not Judging anybody, cause I no ppl Make Mistakes but there's Too many ways to Prevent Pregnancy.
Bitches be stab victims , domestic violence victims , gave birth to 12 kids , skinny no ass , bad outfits
Cookout in Cville is a powder keg - long, confusing lines, parking lot and drive-thru are too small, loud music adds to the insanity
Tourists plz quit going in the water when the beaches r closed. You put our lifeguards lives at risk wen they gotta save ur stupid asses
Exactly my thoughts. Working on the post now.
Thinking about joining their membership....
#Pennsylvania followers #text ODYSSEYVIP to 90210 for #special offers & news from Odyssey Fitness in #Wilkes-Barre, PA.
Great to meet you too man. Keep up the excellent work - big fan of what you're doing!
everyone thanks for following(: could we get to 100 followers by the end of next week??(: now go follow !!
Like the Smithsonian, Metro's a beloved icon of this city. Plus that whole "seat of government" thing ;-)
The person you care for the most is the one person you will let hurt you the most.
im a DUMB ass..i thought i was getting hated on and found out i was getting PROPS...smh..lol lol lol i feel hella STUPIT!!!
We are planning USC MT Phy135B Review this time around! Please spread the word for us! We won't disappoint you. It will be on 3/31 Sat
Pouschine Cook Announces Sale of Doe &amp; Ingalls
One day different IE versions will run side by side and I won't need f-ing VM's to test.
YOU are the reason I have a middle finger.
Much better. Nice to see your smiling face. Ruth had her first signing tonight at the OR Jewish Museum. Very exciting.
Agreed! "Be Mine" just plain old rocks too!
girl nothing. BORED!!
i love my boyfriend <3
I have, many times, turned the Sox off in disgust. But this evening’s level of indignation was unprecedented; Jerry York was in the booth.
I had bush on my bench anyway, he is a scrub. And Brady is going to dominate
am looking for a serious investor or partner for a new online business opportunity that will be a serious player in the online shopping
Come on twitter- Help us reach 300 followers!
...and you could have wispered that to me from the weather desk, you're that close! ;)
omg its tookin me like 3 weeks just to get 143 followers damn i must b ugly
you and cath need to hurry up. Me and T Woo are getting #joedunbarwasted without you.
Happiest of birthdays to Melissa Ann Oliver, a very small person and the greatest girlfriend in the whole wide world. Love you!
Benefit "Laughter is the Best Cosmetic" House Party! #benefitfan. Would love to host
there's a $30 Black and Decker for short term. I'd invest $100-$150 on Breville or Jack Le Lane.
Yellow for Kompany
I missed the gym this morning. I will make it up during my two 15 minute breaks at work.
APPLY NOW! Open Position: Director of People Resources (HR) in South Florida. Salary Range: $100k-$120k. Click on Link for Job...
No Leadership Meeting Today.. Design Team Interviews going down!! Happy afternoon
basically. *shrugs* that's why their house gets trashed almost every weekend. lmfao
should come to the TRDA Spring Show "Dance Works" April 26th, 27th, or 28th at 7:30pm at the Betts Theatre in the Marvin Center!
thnks for the follow! Promote?
RT : Wrapping up a BIG project today with today at Grateful for & team.
Group 1, Climate Change + Energy: use social media to track energy usage and incentivize energy saving activities
No matter how much times passes it still hurts. No matter what I find out I'm still confused. Miss you dad 4.1.02
where is it going to be?
she did such a great job! I'll send a pic after her grooming this Friday :)
Ok Instagram is becoming a drug
So far Mary j Blige has drawn the biggest crowd I've seen here
Better than diets or herbal supplements, herbal teas are the most effective way to get the benefits of herbs, safely and easily.
podcast. I can't clean without one playing. I would have done the same thing. I hate stealing.
Thanks for the RT appreciate them
Come to NYC and see for yourself
idk he works at the smoothie king across from the mall and is going to Northeastern Univ. and he says he knows your sister?
Had fun home churching.a lot of reading and object lessons :) pastor young let me fire his rifle.:D
you did that on purpose! Haha
go to the movies
Oh! Center Stage is on. I don't care of it's almost done either. #nonguilty,guiltypleasure
it will b hard trust me
NO...THE LIONS!!! lmao
It's Saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!Come hang out on the patio with a delicious La Casa margarita!!!!!!
Woke up too early ugh .-.
LIVE JUNE 15th IN MESA AZ ---> GET YOUR TICKETS NOW --WWW.FYOURSWAG.COM/TICKETS
wanted some tips for how to avoid injuries!!!
great meeting you last night. I'm Stan Verrett's business guy, lets link up.
do it on an off week. Idk why iu doesnt want to play, LOS is a regional next year. It would be an awesome environment as well.
That was close. Marimba player almost got plowed.
I think it's funny how defensive people get when I say I'm moving. Um.... I don't care if you stay or go. I'm telling you my plan.
Still trying to hit 1000 likes! Help us out by suggesting us to your friends! What song would you like for free?!?
Thanks for following us !!
thank u!! omg we havn't tlked in foreva!!
After 2 APs today and 5 total, I'm finally done! Thank Jesus! ='D
I really enjoy driving through the windmills in northern Indiana.
Andre Ethier homers in the bottom of the 8th to put the #Dodgers on top 2-1 over the
Don't forget to stop by both stores to check out our selection of merchandise for the holidays! We have something for everyone on your list!
Thank you very much! :)
Failure has gone to his head. ~ Wilson Mizner
warming up...Really looking forward to up next, inspiring cat
New to Twitter and Duke blows
Had to check the Year. VP of Marketing stated Facebook or Social are not worth using. Someone take that mo's budget.
this is fantastic! May the 4th be with you too Krinky
I'm not going to Disney so we can see the avengers tonight if you guys want
snow, sludge and a friday night in NYC.
I see
I hear you on the weeds Are you taking a break for summer from schooling?
Bankers Life Fieldhouse makes me think I should go there wearing a top hat, chewing a cigar and looking through a monocle.
OMG. CANT WAIT UNTIL THEY ANNOUNCE THE WINNER o:
Polo is my world
“: Fritz Lang's NICK FURY, sometimes confused with Brian De Palma's THE NICK FURY. #ArtHouseAvengers” <---- So awesome!
uh, not the Stanford prison experiment but the 3rd wave experiment, is what I would love to replicate. clarification!
We are in a office hoes! Should you be yelling in terrible slang.
hey go here and avoid the crowds on black friday! www.sendittomeokay.com shop and get paid for it!
Ugh the guy sitting next to me in court smells like actual death 😷
The homie killed his verse on 'Straight Like that'........
I bet your parents are in a lot better shape than I am. :-)
swerved over the line like a drunk driver
A drink or 12! Awesome. The best dissertation is a finished one.
am cool wat r u up to
You're welcome <3
Prince of Persia is on, not my choice, so I'll continue to tweet, we do have a Playstation 3 hooked up for later though
Saturday and Sunday visit our Great “all you can eat” brunch with {awebottomlessosas.
... That song will now be stuck in my poofy head all day. LoL
Summer in LAUSD; freezing in a district training session...brrr!
OK, the sniffing is going beyond allergies. Really don't want to be getting sick.
Ronnie Brooks: We are our own barriers to our growth and change. Pay attention to habits. Use values to inform daily practice.
Great question. Give me a call in my office to discuss. I'm always available for my team.
hows your hairless dog?
I just didnt think you would watch Rambo haha.
Kinda bored
I can never eat a pickle in peace! -.-
I'm with And I'm not with racist All clits are one, dude. And I prefer gristle.
Happy birthday to !:)
