80 journals and 20 univ presses have signed up to provide content in this 'freemium' model. MIT libs are considering subscribing
Ari Gold > Bobby Flay. That fight would not even be close.
u ball??
Saw a friend today at the mall and she said "hey have time to talk? and i looked at her and said,.."Are you kidding!
At the pace with Mama Carrino && my baby little :) Lovinnnnn' the life :)
Hey! I just took a course on Route 66! If you're looking for stuff in ABQ, let me know - I'm obsessed with the old motels...
ohh I know I am!! But he is undeniable and my girl emotions want him!
Nope, I just got outta the bath tub and I'm pulling an all nighter / saving that for later
It sounds like a club for people who like to eat fast food a lot
But only after they've got your seminars under their belts!
and yes will do next time. Have a good time wherever you will be. =]
Kind of biased, but love him. Can count the # of times he's gone down on first hit on one hand. Always produced with no line.
To all my followers that I don't talk to......hi!(:
I don't need u tellin me and the next chick the same shit....
We need a lot of experiments, because a lot will fail. at
“: Instead of "It's all about the U," Miami's new slogan should be _____” It's all about the $
You guys got any room for a old timer?
Looking for a carpenter/artist/builder type who will help us build a smallish custom bakery case. Please contact me at
yup from what I hear.. But they're free 👏
well I would but I may have to take your cat as extra payment.
Pepsi spent $3.5 million on that?
Please follow my new account :]
Our weekly line-up..Friday: & Saturday Msg for tables/parties! #2012 Lets Party!!
sex is not even an option anymore.i cant even imagine another touching me unless im truely sure & the ring is pretty :^)
Ready to get this Holiday Partay started y'all! Let's do this! :P
said this before but ARodgers is the better singer who took over the band but was not as effortlessly awesome & cool as previous 1
your sweet16 was the funnest one I've ever been too ♡ love you so much your absolutely flawless xoxooxo
naqri?? Nahh i aint that chill with her. We're not really friends we just live on the same street
your picture of you and Ariana is going to be in BOP magazine???
Feb. 25th, The Method Film Festival, hosting a Sneak Preview Party to announce the film lineup. "Turn Around", Kelly in lead role.
I am who I am and I don't change for anybody(:
Ew math!! Good luck dear! You will do 👌
Someone should take your wallet away before you hurt someone
With Pitt RB Ray Graham going down, former #Badgers RB Zach Brown takes over. Hoping he does well - guy deserves it
I'm super excited to visit for some new photo props today! Thanks !
Just Listed: Wild Card Hits .com -
Love how #1 pick Blake Griffin is playing a consumer to a game of S-U-B-W-A-Y, a la H-O-R-S-E today at the Cage on West 4th Street in NYC
James Worthy and Jim Hill together must have more buttoned buttons per jacket than any other pro sports analysts in the game today.
Summer Concert line up for me/Atlanta june 7 july 2 yea.
Sounds like pretty good fantasy advice to me :)
idk either maybe to see exactly what he had to defend himself against. He knew something was coming but not exactly what
Thank you for following!<3
No one says it better than Sam Clemens!
And the Knicks win it. Huge victory & closing in on the playoffs! Too bad Lin can't get back in the game. NY needs to fire on all cylinders!
I hope my bro Robert come down for the summer.
Congrats! You got a baby for Christmas. Gift that keeps on giving...for 18 years or so.
Wow! Those flowers are gorgeous. Stunning color.
If we can't get John Short on Twitter, someone needs to start a fan page!
I agree with , but can't RT the guy until he can fight w real punches. #askMarcStaal. Either way, #racism has no place in hockey.
I love drinking budweiser
Doing my driving times with my nigga !
Guns, car chases, explosions...good music video for Payphone all in all
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen."-- Sir Winston Churchill
Sleep is a crucial member of the "live long & healthy" family. Lots of healing in a good night's sleep. Thanks for reminding us all!
I caught myself singing the song to one of my babies. That song is not allowed by my rule. I can't get attached like THAT. sniff
For whatever reason, u have continued to maintain a list w only my name. I am reporting your stalking 2Cox Vegas president
Made of colors and music
dude, since May 2nd I've spent $700 on her and it's only freaking May 17th!
No one understands my love for Eben except Claudia. Like seriously.
Sounds good, thanks for listening!
we are taking further steps towards being #paperless and more #green in 2012. What steps are you taking?
Bouta smoke a bowl like yea!!!!!
#dailyadvice make your baby wear CU gear to look smart and cool.
At my aunts :)
They gave up on calling holding 2 years ago, too.
Going swimming 
Everybody is different. One person may feel the benefits with only 250mg whereas someone else may need 500mg.
lemme know what you think!!
Bourbon, maybe. But rum or tequila is perfectly acceptable and should see you through. ;)
Will somebody please bring me chocolate... I'll pay you.
or me. Yall have done something my family hasn't. Tht day was just not myself... I kept everything in and it just piled up more and more ...
I hope is having a great time at prom! We missed you today!
What a reprieve! here I thought a project was due today, it's not til next week - shall celebrate by painting another room
My trip to the Mother land was amazing.
Twitter is for beasts :)
If anybody needs prayer or a friend, feel free to talk to us!
Nope! RT : then again, is it ever too hot for chocolate and peanut butter?
thank you!!
Great new initiative on being fearless - would love to hear more over coffee some time? Am new Comm.dir at Ashoka US.
Homeland security official guilty of fraud - CBS News
Done with his BS.
Bottom line is, you the finest.Give you a new name. wat that ,wats that, MY BITCH! :)
What a great week! Thanks Universe! ;)
RT RT : Saving up for a mixer and getting back into my house music again.
ME ME ME ME
Thank you for the SHOUT-OUTS!
and of course..it fascinates u.haha
clip full of dicks here, take this queer.
Which means i nap once i get home :-)
"BITCH U WASNT WIT ME SHOOtIN IN THA GYM"-(fuc kobe's ec wife) lol shit bitches do wen u get a pretty penny
IN TACOMA I.M OFF 2DAY ITS SO BEAUTIFUL SPEND ALLDAY OUT RAINS HERE MOST THE TIME,,,
Hey PGH! Open yer pubs & whisky bottles Tap your kegs & pull down your stools Were coming thru & we're thirsty fucking bastards!
Aww get better soon !it's not good for you to be sick, you can't melt the hearts of millions like you always do! Get better!
How does one get an invite to check out the new Google+ ? How about a response. Asking again.
A number of soldiers returning home at the gate next to mine. Lots of cheering and applause. Very cool.
blue and okay that's fine with me :)
mother's side came in through south America and came here 2 generations ago following the revolution in Cuba (bad guys)
be there soon!!
I guess white people can't hold there liquor hah my boy Josh was super drunk tryna fight niggas haha
he was dissing ur business skills...and then he super burned u at the end
Who is going to the Marburg Lecture at 3:30 today?
If you're going to get any joy out of being depressed, you've got to stand like this .
The ONLY reason GOP ever gets elected is because there are a large number who thrive on FEAR & WANT to be LIED TO (Extremist FOOLS)
Only 1 hour until the exhibition... Get out and enjoy this beautiful day at :)
One of my neighbors is REALLY rocking out to Celine Dion right now. if you love it...
Watching Gulliver's Travels..
today is National Smoke and Mirrors day....!!! Hahaha don't axe me hahah
Don't blame me for you're own mistakes and problems
Ryan Seacrest always plays with my emotions on American Idol 😠
Yeah we think that counts
Can it be Friday?!
Who likes things that are purple?? WE Like things that are purple!! Come check us out!! We have a Grand Daddy Who likes purple too ;)
And when I'm gone just carry on don't mourn, rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice just know that I'm lookin down on ya smilin ❤
We're here today because of the Life Giver.
I dont want to get up. :P
Pocket tweet or cryptic secret message?
Tornado warning! Jared loves this. So do I. We're directly in the path of the storm. Jared is giddy that Jym is on TV right now.
A view of the great room in the Manzanita house owned by for its vacation club members staying in the wine country ...
We could still get you a team in the Summer High School League starting the beginning of June. You think you can get a squad?
reread catching fire today. my love for finnick odair has mean reignited. 
Heading to the studio!
Just read about your jury duty - rough case! Glad to hear you'll be speaking at FOWD in the fall though!
hahaha found old blunts in my ouija board game box...
Your mom(:
": HAS A BABY A ON THE WAY ... TWINS AT THAT :))" don't jinx me on kids.
Hodgson going with the failures and as expected....Carroll, Defoe, Downing should not be going. No Johnson, Sturridge, Holt or Richards? Hmm
Happy to know ur reading it. I've been looking for some pointers on #HowToBeBlack :-P
Thinking of using as the backend for my next web app because I'm too lazy these days to do any database or user auth stuff
but i love hump day :'(
Did Kerr just basically say this is a moral victory by playing UK tight?!?!
There are wordles at #ignitedc right now - you'd probably love it :-)
Maybe I will make the #fashioningcircuits students in the Spring watch Crimes of Fashion! *evil laugh*
xD my kitten keeps rolling over in his cage. #WhatACutie xD I rove my Oliver<3 ^.^ P.L.U.R.<3
Well played okc
I know... :( going to sleep now.
MT How 'bout WI build us a (dwtn) stadium if we build them a bridge? Our "bridge to nowhere"-$750M to get to New Richmond WI?
" is great but apps that offer shows from multiple networks are the future." - Dan Cohen, EVP, PayTV & Digital, Disney ABC
Just saw you as a contributor on #cpd23. You're playing, too? Lots of international folks on this one...
lmao true. I can't wait to pratice all night. I can tell that you've been practicing -drake voice lol
Thanks - I'll have the developers take a look!
Playing the Michael Jackson dance game with the babies!
Just finished playing live on KVMR in Nevada City, CA on Wesley Robertson's Rockin' & Stompin' show. Wes - Thanks for having us!!!
did u get my # frm yo dm make sure u get at me big head
lolol that's great
Going out and letting off some steam
im not really in the tweeting mood today :/
RT : Good news is that very strong late April sun will melt snow through the day.
Did she say 60% cause she putting up the money? That's family for you
The man was old with a long part on the side and his hair slick down like we in the 1920s
Morning Ken!! Up and at 'em!
Oh so yummy just finished the tomato bisque for tonight...it smells amazing!!
Seriously...let's all go to San Diego for St. Pat's. RT : HDNet will have a crew shooting the Zane Patrick's Day party. It...
#bulls host the #trailblazers tonight !
Kids Count data reveals startling fact - over 1 million Texas children are without health insurance
they probably didn't hear a hit single in it. 'cuntrags' is hard to rhyme!
is the best, what is supposed to be? I can't see it
and to you, as well, Bob...from your friends in The Brew City!
Really!? how many Blogs are tweeting about S Jobs passing, while hashtaging there selves?Makes YOU a bigger
I think the stupidest things are funny
What planet r u from?shane dawson !don't lie! I dare u to tell the truth!
my hands are literally shaking right now...
Can't wait to watch OKC punk the lakers in the next round. THUNDER UP!
That explains a lotta things.. fish sticks! RT“ I play in my sleep sucka!”
Did "A Few Good Men" win any #oscars? Like, maybe a Best Supporting Actor? #kevinpollak K-Po deserves an Oscar!
Dark already here. . .you still have sun for your purty walk. xx
watching rock and roll hall of fame inductions. forgot how sexy #anthonykiedis is!! STILL HOT!
Whoo hoo my #drinkingsig shirt is Middleburg Heights, OH and my brains have made it to Columbus, OH.
and that's why dads go to the pub
Stuck at the airport. Plane was on time, fiancé is late. :-(
I got a really good embarassing story that I forgot to tell And #dang its funny ass hell too lol
Go follow ! She is epic GRAND, !
My Last Friday of my Sophomore Year! :(
Being a hater is contagious study shows it affects 1 in every 5 friends its so lethal the cure cant be achieved thru hypodermic needles
Hello Denver!
Leave it to me to plan the company cookout/super bowl tailgate party on the day with a 60% chance of rain.
Looks like it will be nice weather for #umwfa12 reception on Palmieri Plaza. Sorry to miss it!
haha go do it!
Is it weird that I have both a banana and a microphone in my pocket?
It's #TwitterTuesday here at the RT for a chance to win a $10 gift certificate for food & beverage on your next visit.
Don't even ask to stay the night with me. I have a family you
Clint Eastwood is going to play Al Davis in the "Raiders" Movie!!!!!
Only 3 likes needed to make the magic 200! Please share with your friends!
You don't need a guy to be happy
#mmaf2011 get zip code information in the home via Packrads that drives to In-store, great panelist!!
#luvmehateme but i live in a area where they all wana date me
Let's take just a second to note Apple's absolute silence on #SOPA /
Thanks to hello tweepers.
Tenacious* sorry i was too excited to tell you :)
Kudos to Community Board 12 and Scott Stringer for caring about removing horrible "pink slime" in our school lunch meat!
Best Tuesday ever! Haha! :)
From Charles Baker: Many of you have likely seen the heart rending testimony of Ms. Sandra Fluke, a law student at Georgetown University, …
In the studio designing business cards for my clients, if ya need biz cards, flyers, or marketing materials get at me.
They finally talking to Mike Brown again.
Thanks, David! That was very kind! Best, Ellen
I didn't know u guys are siblings. What is he doing now?
a faggot is a pile of sticks
I wash bad tasting food down with oj..
i bet Adrian wins, since he got the product placement.
racist scumbag john terry to lead england at euro 2012, what a joke.
Life just blows. Blows. ftw
Ahh Greenspoint at night. Who needs Paris?
I can apparently find a French cafe in practically any city...
We all have that one teacher who's like, "Don't pack up yet. There's still 7 seconds of class left!"
exactly, I live in Ohio, so me & my friend would go, but my mom wants to figure out plans on how we would get there first!
thank you!!!
goodlook out. this new one we shot the other is crazy. got everybody on it.
Just finished watching the recent episode. Dale! I miss you already!
On the eve of a day I have dreamt of my whole entire life 🎓🎉😢
Not at all RT : If Miami wins the title without Bosh, does the criticism "LeBron had to team with other stars to win" end?
jealous that y'all are going to that!!!
still loving twitter
Rainy day in NYC today. How are you liking the weather ?
Intermission time 's shakespeare in the park. So lucky to be working with them soon!
Happy Birthday to Grand Wizard Theodore
Tonight we relocating to other hotels BC could care less that you had a reservation!
So sleepy!
OMG, there's a Kindle edition! We need to start a cross-country book club!
- - such a sweetheart!
Friday Fun Fact: Earth Day is held April 22 to increase awareness & appreciation of Earth’s natural environment.
Great thing about being dead? No more taxes!!!!
it would be nice if something made sense for a change.
gotcha lol I'll text you or something tomorrow when I'm headed that way
#Oomf said he wants to eat my a**
I want the penguins to win so bad.
I can understand that. But I can't motivate myself to exercise around the house. I need to get out and do something.
SharePoint excels at community management, especially with projects.
bro just chillen man. I heard you been slaying boys on keys
with my boys in lafeyette! man its been to long. drunk allready catching up! hitting the streets hard!
HAPPY HOUR at LOCA LUNA! JOIN US. Fellow Greeks and friends from 6pm-10pm. THIS FRIDAY. [550-C Amsterdam Ave NE]
my dad rewinds the tv atleast 20 times when he sees something funny before going back to live .
its about that time #flyers here we go tonight! forget the #rangers #24/7 preview tonight of our will boys
I won't mention today is Nat'l Kiss Day to my hubby...b/c we kiss enough as it is! Whoa--TMI I know:)
hahahaaaa! yeah she probably was! x
"Steal" is such a strong word... I prefer "Borrow". Lol.
It's crazy how crazy I am about it. But my biggest fear is that it will become way to commercial...
Today is a fresh start! How exciting!!!
why do we italicize the title of The Waste Land? I mean, I know why we're supposed to do it, but from where/whom did this mandate originate?
did you get my email?
O.M.G. Becky look at her butt TUNECHI
yay! Friends on twitter, Skype, and real life. :-D
MahomiesGoHard! LETS GO CHICAGOANS RT : MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is a trending topic in Chicago ;)
5 ways to get best travel deals
kids are so fearless and honest. Us adults can learn something from them
A pinch of probability is worth a pound of perhaps. -James Thurber, Lanterns and Lances
Well it's really not a paper but whatever.... its homework
Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works. -Steve Job
Also - Pacers fun run tomorrow at 7. If it isn't too rainy, I'll be there.
Pretty impressive line up of speakers for FARO's #3DConference: C-levels of many serious players in the 3D space. Proud to be among them!
I can't wait. Our First Daughter will be graduating From LAW School.
have you contacted ?
we are very concerned about this and the lack of global attention it gets
check us out on main stage at this year's Vans Warped Tour! ... no? maybe just promoting!
Feels good to release a couple tears every now and then on some real nigga shit
Now I can give the #Nuggets the boost & screams to help them close this series
Great game tonight! Had a blast!
We got big planes, little planes, imaginary planes!
There's simply too much Ancient Greece to learn
Thanks for the shout out!
the best. The opera guy though... Over it.
Kalil and Claiborne both rock so I'm happy for both my teams. Now the summer waiting season begins.
Made my black eyed peas with mixed greens and served over couscous. Spiced with cumin and coriander. I know,right? Yum!
“She isn’t young enough or pretty enough to be the President’s wife.” ~Newt Gingrich, talking about his first wife after divorcing her.
I just started watching a shot-for-shot remake of the Hangover..only with monkees and souteast asia instead of tigers and vegas.
GUYS do you have access to fb? :O
Thanks for giving us something worthwhile to fan about.
Sweet night of fights and friends!
My daughter loves the steam roller. Are you similar Mr. er, Miss (?) Machine? :)
i want to be in the next one!!
General! First come first serve! RT : Is Turner and Schneider only atlethic and honors or can general live there?
Screwed by mine companies? who is screwed? how are the companies screwing them now and before?
where do you work now??
#nowwatching Jeff Dunham. It's not very amusing.
I wish I could auto-hashtag every single tweet on Twitter with #humblebrag, because that's all I'm getting out of my feed today.
With For The Night(: Hit Us Up For Plans<3
I thought it was a tribute to the movie Aliens!.
I hate to ask this, but how is Viola Davis? She's such a good actress ...
where's your faith in DA BEARS?? They'll score !! Ha
That stuff all looks pretty healthy to me. What, no coffee? No Red Bull? No Mountain Dew? No donuts? <pfft> Amateurs.
i just assumed you were staying with Roger. Not the case?
I've been "rate limited." No idea what that means.
Hey how many of you have ever tried to sleep your troubles away? It don't work Huh? Wake up they are still there. try praying it works.
Ohhay and Aaron thinks the way I sign my name is 'exciting'. Win. And I got a hundred when he graded my paper SO I DON'T LOOK STUPID!!!
;) how are you?
If a friend asks your opinion on their music and you knew it sucked, would you be honest, try to say it was bad in a nice way, or just lie?
Nice morning with my son, although I'd advise anyone with a 2 year old to go outside of school hours - too many big kids!
are you up in Chicago this weekend for working the series? Or up for your own fun?
I surer as hell hope so and soon. It is quite depressing coming home to an empty house.
Time to get ready for this deployment ! ⛵
Thanks for RTing that at spreading the word about our show! :)
Tool, eh? good choice in music.
Working from home. Nothing beats writing in pajamas. Plus my Vday bouquet is still gorgeous. Good job, bf.
happy mothers day
Recognizing I must give more of my time&attention to stars&emerging stars
I wanted to apologize man I was caught up in the moment the other night and that's why we're called fanatics. Go nuggets Go knicks
“Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.” - Winston Churchill
I think I know a whole lot of people who will want to be following
a vision to maintain an independent life style for our patrons,
life can be very tough....but, when one day stinks, just go to bed, rest for a few hours, and then get up and try, again!
when a boy get jealous it sometimes cute when a girlget jealous WORLD WAR 2 about to start .......^___^
"The fight against terror goes on, but tonight America has sent an unmistakable message: No matter how long it takes, justice will be done."
amazing Tuna Tartar and delicious Malbec @ Aria made my night!
Getting Purty with a new haircut :)
glad to be among the beautiful people 🎶👏👍
can you let me do what I want....#?
The sequel to Cabin in the Woods should star James Woods and be called Woods in the Cabin.
If you ever see an older white guy, and a semi-young Asian girl together...you can bet your balls he bought her.
Happy TUESDAY!! Hope everyone had a good Memorial Day!
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Back atcha my friend!
In my dream last night, I watched Justin Bieber take recreational penicillin, and I asked if I could borrow his hair piece.
Im sorry! I feel your pain haha. Im At steak And shake late night smashin and studyin!
Call us for our promo specials 410.513.9199
Awh I like talking to you. :)
did you notice Idris Elba's hat doing the continuity dance?
Hopefully tonight turns out good with me and
The first and most important step toward success is the feeling that YOU CAN succeed!!
Your rendition of BLUE is BEAUTIFUL, PaytonXOXO
Thank you! This now means that we'll have many more fun articles to come!
Excited for the Diamond Collar Awards at the Oregon Humane Society Heroes Luncheon honoring heroic pets and people.
It's a girl! Congrats and Joe Waterman. Wishing you all the best!
Can't make babies without a seed though. Making life is a mutual thing.
For me, the words "white" and "African" don't mix and weren't intended to.
Michael Eubank welcome to asu football! Looking forward to PAC-12 Titles
follow back
#PRSA_NCC "Keep your eyes on mobile, bc we are." Andrew Noyes, FB
Is loving #taylorswift new song #ours love it!!!! :)
... and the stupid "please send me paper copies" form is attached to all the paper copes in a huge packet. WTH?
Going to try to go back to bed now.. that cough medicine is kicking in.
waiting on someone to create nuance characters for Twitter
Heck yes you do! Follow if you don't already!
I might... I will see what I can do. I wish I could hire a ghost writer.
I’ll never be able to clean my apartment faster than when someone texts saying they’re coming over.
okay how r u
i see bunnies,.. and pastel flashbacks....Happy Easter...PEEPS!
now's not the time for a
I hate all of youu
wondering how we stack on wind vs Chicago -- "the windy city"... I remember cold not wind....Vegas has to win out
I'm not even worried about my dad not coming to my graduation, sadly I have other things to worry about
feeling very bored, what can I do to make me feel I`m living again. I WANT TO FIND MY PASSION BACK. GIVE ME SOME SUGGESTION
Starting a new tweet topic #doubletakeoftheday - Business man on segway, sitting in traffic in dupont circle. How do you commute to work?
they make red velvet pancakes?!
Patriot League announces Rowing Academic All-League Team, Scholar-Athlete - Patriot League Official Athletic Site
indeed! Although I get it not just from other profs.
well maybe i might get with a big woman but they are to grumpy most of the time!
aww well we're glad you liked it! :) :)
OMG I want thiss!!!!
hey pretty please
I need a man n my sheets at this moment
text me back hoe
caramel goes great with apples! ;) #randomthoughts ..be safe
- shoot me an email: - saw your bio - I am mom to a preemie daughter - she is now almost 9!
I knew I was in trouble with my mom when she would start to pray as she took off her jewelry.
It is so cold outside, brrrrrrrrr! Winter always starts right after Halloween here. Will shiver all the way home.
past and present alternate into a very interesting flashback and reality.
Thanks for the retweet Taa.. I do need to talk to you. When you get a chance can you call my office. 719-550-8282.
Broken watch and phone after taking a huge digger last night
May 8th: Municipal elections in Irvington, Orange, West Orange, Belleville, Montclair, & Nutley. Vote! If you're not registered, get to it!
It's almost here!
duh, and we're letting the crowd and spread out so we could run faster.
Went to the pool with my little sister today & qot a tan XD.
Cheers! RT Big thanks David Bell for hanging out w/ us until last call for #ACBW last night.
Gr8 group @ the #DPLA hackathon, bummed , and a host of others aren't here
Money is the root of ALL evil !!!
um no its a partly at the pazzie place not at my house .. or what do you mean
Jordan says thousands of documents have been released "in transparency." This is part of the open records request filed by EP Times
Chill the fuck out, slut.
The wind and the rain are coming crashing in.
How was everyone's day?
Thank you!! The necklace is super beautiful!! :)
Ignore What People Say Hey This Hey That! You'll Be Alright & Proud You Ignored It Anyway Rumors Arent True People Hatin on You To This Day.
#Don'tBeScared To Admit Sometimes You Totally FanGirl Over And
Thank you, but why?
Everything is coming together so nicely!
Join us, right across the street! Hotel guests receive 10% off your bill. Make sure to get a VIP card from the concierge.
Checked in at
a lady friend can turn into a relationship.
thanks so much!! Ya had to be Dave's shots, they were so awesome, thanks for checking out the review
Independent Vendors selling their goods at Eastern Market.
Thanks. He is a freakin gem. Having him keep a virtual eye on is he sips the bubbly and entertains Spain!
Thanks, I love +K
If I lived 5 blocks from Oram's, I would have exploded years ago.
Happy Easter Everyone!
coffee mugs on my desk (used for pens): "World's Greatest Boss," Homer Simpson "D'oh!"
lies just trying to get him followers no man has all that power
No prob Ashley! If you have a second later check out my music, I'm sure you'll laugh and enjoy it :)
Enrique Eglesias on my pandora. but it's not Hero. SKIP.
lol good luck in the #NBAPlayoffs Where will you be for tonight's Thunder/Mavs game?
You know what I havn't said in a while?Cockblocker. Okay, I feel better now 8^)
What y'all lack in warm and cuddly, you make up for with 'splosions and real life special effects.
Hey Lacuna Coil. Judith wants her song back
The awesome days when you have meds to make you drowsy so you end up takin 5 hour naps
what about him?
I hope phase 2 is gonna be in c.hill! I'm on my way there (:
"It seems to me that playing with a toy whose origin can be traced to before the time of Christ is not a fad."
RT Today is National Lost Sock Memorial Day. Time to turn its partner into a puppet and buy a new pair// More sock news.
RT Yes, I tip on takeout. More than in restaurants. A lot harder than carrying a plate to your table. And they need the money
Oh don't worry I'm sure we'll get another chance at that when the new Dallas starts up!
Sorry is nothing, the real apology comes when you can look in their eyes and see they hurt themselves just as much.
Why is a sorority girl like railroad tracks? She's been laid all over the country
Things that are happening now : the Hunger Games
Looking forward to moderating panel at panel at #Muse2012 on new digital opportunities w/ , , ,
RFT Expect the unexpected. People will always turn out to be the way they say they'd never be.
If you can't hang then there the door baby. -Sleeping With Sirens #inlove with this song.
A3. If you lick the salt mines in Germany, ya get free lederhosen!
Verizon Wireless Brings the Power of Its 4G LTE Network to Myrtle Beach: Customers with 4G LTE devices will now be able to enjoy the ...
Odd, keep us updated on Skeeter.
": Do people realize how ugly the duck face is? #why #gross #notnatural"
“: #ithurtswhen The world is eating BBQ and dip and I'm "being good."” amen sister. Can I have some #chipsandsalsa now?
Today's affirmation: I appreciate all that I have.
supposed to be frugal, unemployed :-p
calm the f* down :)
want to see my forigen language?? :D
We can't wait to see everybody who reserved lanes tonight at Splitsville for "Strike Out Child Abuse"! Going to be a great event!
#GotLeads ask to more! Let us help you with
Home invasion robbery involving shotgun at Warner Pacific College campus. No one hurt.
Dear seamless web team, you are awesome! Great experience start to finish - thank you!
we're gonna be rocking downtown homie! Welcome to work in the 317!
Can't have all work and no play... Jamaica yes. I see.
i ride the swaggin wagon >:D
When I miss place things I feel like #Google should be able to find it since its all high tech. With the autofill...
Be proud of what you did!!!! Trending worldwide!!!!
good luck from all of your #chiefsnation fans. Beat the broncos.
Two new specials today! Roasted Tomato and Pesto Omelette Filled with, Provolone Cheese, Spinach, Topped with Basil Pesto
Captain Jim's is now offering an a la carte menu + seafood buffet. Coconut Shrimp, Baked Gulf Red Snapper, Crab Legs, Oysters....
She #DoinTooMuch tryna get this boy attention
i will :D
goodbye girl!
Got the feeling somone is in my twiitter account gonna change my password
NARK, The Chuck Shaffer Picture Show, Ducky & The Vintage, Sadie Lex Machine & Dime Street Joker all make a return to Dobbs!Doors at 7pm
#ClergyProblems? RT : Anyone at #Homiletics2012 have a red stole I can borrow for when I preach at 1:30?
Just got my hair done :))
the goonies one of the greatest movies of all-time
This man asked to basically be my sugar daddy tonight. I has to politely decline. Lol
I am I don't miss an episode
:-D that was sweet! Thanks Ashlie
We need those for City Hall bake sales
Follow Sunday
cool! Tweet me sometime! ;)
Here they go bringing up lebron keep the real #MVP outta this
Did you die?
testing... please ignore thanks
darn I'm going to miss you during study hall :/ get enough sleep <3
what it do lor sis? I wanted 2 know what your plans were 4 the day..
Thompson square you really need to fire her stylist. not sure which look ais worse performance or red carpet.
not a problem. I might be out there this month. Can we get #pizza while I'm there?
"He's nice to people 'n animals... but you oughta hear him talkin' to a #golf ball!"Dennis The Menace.
It's too late to go a different weekend? Is the world ending?
You are so amazing I love you so much! Good luck with moving :)
If decision makers watch this weekends series, both of our teams might get contracted.
Cheers all, it's Monday...
Sorry for the Twitter-flood, tweeps who are not at #womcc with me. I hope you're getting some value from my sharing today!
Thanks to for taking of In ATL today
yes plenty thanks!
#BESTFEST RT Thinking we will be before the game, if nothing comes up from friarhood. stop by for a drink
these muscle aches really turn me on:)
your #Bengals beat us #Titans out of the wild card. But thanks for representin and playing the game just like we would've lol :P
Book me asap shows are almost full and now I'm starting to get booked for my summer dates!!!
Thank you so much for inspiring me everyday! All of you Boyz are so amazingly talented 💙 thanks for everything I love You💙
why am I not surprised.
Honestly I love my life but I wish I was a little more happy...a little stress from a lot of mess hope like hell my day goes good
Its on Today! The London #OA science meetup Dec 1st at Jam Tree Pub, 7pm
From Planet Funk: 'The Funkasaurus'!
I've read or re-read about 10 Newbery winners in the last few weeks - for online class from ALA-ALSC. mostly they are Very Good Books.
Starbucks is just what I need right now. Yummmyyy.
So glad Australia has an anthem to sing to
Happy Friday to... #FF Enjoy your weekend!
Hey trevor do you play xbox or something may you please follow me when you get this
Talk about a speed trap.. Residents of a Polish Town play a prank on a local speeder.. the town folk raised the speeders car up on a tree..
RT : half-price wine night tonight at our store in Clifton.
whatever! You're perffff, the end.
“: lemme know next time you're doing your thing in NYC”sire will
Support the real music and not the fake..real music is music you could relate too-YOUNG.S
aha aww want me to help ya learn?
Yay! donated butcher paper for the Iconathon in Seattle 2morrow! Everything in place for an awesome event: BUT WE NEED DESIGNERS!
damn the time i decide not to go to home haha its okay i will see you tonorrow in San Antonio haha
We all know I really made a B in that Latin Comp course. But I'm not arguing with the transcript.
#TODAY, give somebody the good news about #JESUS' LOVE. FORGIVENESS. HOPE.
u dont even have faith in yourself lol
phone cover*
I don't have time for online videos of people presenting ideas. I prefer a new technology called #reading, enabling me to get info faster.
hahaha really? you only have one dimple too??
Yay! I finally got my hair done! Thanks to and for the referral! I didn't manage to get your stylist!
Excited for a great event today hosted by Ad Fed Louisville - Spring Day at the Downs!
Austin loves me ;D <3
wanted you to know and I referenced you twice in a presentation today.
Yeh......we need to start inhaling those healthy fumes, again. How I've missed you, gasoline! ;)
RT : Cool --> RT : Google Superbowl Commercial made with screen capture +6 million visits. say
What a game! Lakes misses 3 and hightower goes to FT line..20 seconds.
Just read your tweet about your dad. I know you miss him terribly, Jon!
it's one of my favorites.
i want to sleep more! :p.
sorry for late reply. U can have a dog in our complex if its for medical reasons. Lol so a therapy dog may be on its way
Os Guinness: "Christianity is not true because it works. It works because it is true." Eph. 4:15 "Speak the truth in love." Be truthful!
shoulda came to the moose
Oh, if you could only smell this liquid smoke marinade that I just poured over this chicken for lunch...O'boi!
I think being in the creative business makes photo ops ten times better. Glad to have changed the mood :) have an awesome day!
Whoever likes us gets automatically is entered for the chance to win some prizes. Every bit of support helps.
it makes it American only which is ridiculous
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year! 2010 will be your year.
USA winning at half 2-0 against Brazil in Confederations Cup Final! I suspect it's going to be a wild second half. USA needs to play tough
let's talk about ur website I'm very intrigued w wat ur doing
I think my cat has a bag fetish.
I need to be up in 5 hours and I can't sleep. Ahh
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked " How tall are you " haha obviously taller than you ! 6'
Expect more of yourself by being less like you and more like Him. There is something to be said of those who walk out the #fruitifthespirit!
See how fun can change behaviour for the better at www.thefuntheory.com
he good bad ass hell
I sent an all-librarian email. Clearly that will clear all problems. Or at least make a few people chuckle.
#models Casting call Casting Print Rate: $2500.00 + 20% agency. Non union video rate option : $750.00 + 20%
I guess I'm working alone today?
look here Bruh you had me crying laughing from the beginning to the end of #ThinkLikeAMan a must see for everyone
Thank you for the recomendation! It is much appreciated.
Why am I here alone? I need my
Time for WWE #RAW :-)
hey...I'm good...workin on sum things....how are u doin???
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Annual teacher evaluations with meaningful feedback to teachers is very positive."
I'm not watching it right now...bad or good?
Changing my name to Madison Root
A: You know, I've always been confused by that-Kevin was white AND wealthy-you'd think he'd have been a higher priority...
Clouds and thick darkness surround him; righteousness and justice are the foundation of his throne. Psalm 97:2
need the prayers to go up again go to court today been up all night prepping
It was very sad b/c nobody showed up! It was a housing program organized by Hal V who is a faculty in res. Tough time of year.
In a 1996 Fresh Air interview, Steve Jobs said he brought a "liberal arts perspective" to computers.
I wish my mama was around..a nigga sho do miss her
Cool: gives a shout-out: helping solve data needs AND empower economic opportunity.
YAY! So glad to hear that!
It's fight time !!!!
For some reason I can't stop thinking about them.
#whosgonnalose - Green Bay at Arizona - Green Bay will lose
Do you love coffee?
oh, should I ne excited then? Lol.
Ladies come get those Sunday Morning hairstyles ready 6320 Winchester Road
You are very welcome :D
Thanks for your advice. I'm definitely still learning!
What the hell Chicago weather? Sure have it rain here in logan square but not downtown, but as soon as I go downtown have it rain.
is awesome. True story!
Had a lovely morning working with an old friend.
Much of being an artist is justifying our efforts against onslaught of conformity Most people only interested in our output not our process
Turtle> bunny
RT : just got off the phone w/ Eddie Bocanegra. He's doing great work, inspiring us to go where the issues are....
Hi Interesting article! Would you recommend the use of Twitter to every educator?
I am not really at the grocery store I must be at the Zoo I think...
Sheets. For sure.
Whats good folks? Been awhile. I saw that and traded every single good player that A's had, WTF is going on?
I keep falling for guys that live in other countries. Right now there's one in Canada, Dubai and China.
Kinda like my school days long ago, lately the same WMATA bus driver takes me to work and back home again, AM and PM. It's oddly comforting.
I was the only person on the bus. Only. That has happened a total of zero times before.
RT : I wonder where all them laker fans at
What #socialmedia topics do you want to see discussed at our upcoming ROI event?
you guys should come to chicagoo (:
"The energy that you put out there is the energy that's reversed back to you".
March is on in 7 minutes! Get to the Civic Center NOW! We need as many as we can get!
T.D. Jakes said that on the Oprah I watched yesterday. An insight I'd never considered, but totally understand and appreciate.
Dirty Thoughts 😳
Yeah. I'm going to see Hunger Ganges now.
Good point. :)
Listen, y'all-Love Gotye. Dig his music. Listened to him for 4+ yrs thanks to Air France. But for the love, NO MORE Someone I Used to Know.
so stoked to have you guys on board with our project! Can't wait to see the new looks :)
stop eyeballing me
I'd love to come to your event on 7/21! What time and where?
If you're so afraid of losing me at least act like it.
I'll pick you up. I was in town and imma boutta leave.
OT anyone?
Thanks, guys! :)
Sneaky indeed ;)
Girl yes , im getting to mad !
Welcome back Tommy Wingels...Hope u have a great comeback game tonight! GO SHARKS!
And now LeBrick is throwing his worthless 2 cents into the fray.
Http://www.eclecticcompanytheatre.org - you'd think Twitter would know to automatically make a link out of web addresses....
Let's end fall rush week 2011 with a bang... BYX Barn Dance 2011 tonight @ 8PM - 4 Bar K on 82nd street. Legit t-shirts are $15 at the door!
Hell Yeah bitches lets do it !!!!!!!!!!! waisted haha
Now watching National Treasure. I've decided I'm going to light my house entirely with troughs full of flaming oil.
Good morning everyone...go for it! What's your it today?______
#DragRace SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES SHARON NEEDLES I FRICKN LOVE HER
Reason #1 I love #hockeyradio - radio ad for an Edmonton eatery - "Don't go for a meal. Go for an experience. Asian Village."
So do you all pronounce jogging with a soft J?
i absolutely love you guys so much i would love to see you guys get on the road and tour i would love to see you in Chicago.
#somethingilearnedlongago that you could care less.
wow i like their website. i will check it out
Halfway to justice
Today I learned two lessons: there's good and bad in everyone, and no matter what your decision is someone will disagree.
and how would I do that
today was like a never ending day of biz.
I just saw you !
Thanks ! I won an early reviewers copy of Viva La Madness by J J Connolly
thinks this is a chris issac video and that he's chris issac.
yo G we actually arent going to have it all done tonight sorry doggy but IT WILL be done by the end of da week!! It's so cold
CHRISTMAS PARTY AT MIDDLE ROAD TONIGHT. YAY
This rain makes me even more desperate for summer -.- can't wait!
I just wanna lay in the sun until my skin is burnt. <3
Do not set foot on the path of the wicked or walk in the way of evil men. Proverbs 4:14
Tonight is the night at toc bat with model athena and I til 4am...
taking some personal time at antidote...the best coffee shop in houston.
"Question make stories grow."
Use your smile to change the world, but don't let the world change your smile.
I'm gonna go watch anime and listen to Lydia :3
I am looking forward to seeing them around town. :)
Haha can't wait for the entertainment on Facebook tomorrow. Foreigners got talent, haha.
Agreed-- It's a bit tricky.. I'm still trying to find a balance between maintaining interest (BB) and clarity (PP).
Probably much earlier. Need to be home when school is out.
i hate hate hate june bugs. the dumbass motherfuckers piss me the fuck off.
yeah i know. screw em!
#FF ::: SIKMIXXRADIO!!! ONLINE RADIO!!!! GO FOLLOW>>>
You were definitely close. I get a lot of phantom let down feelings around babies. This was my first on Twitter. :)
11 a.m.? What happened at this time?
#IMissWhen i was always on twitter over the summer reading && tweets <3
Very funny! No fraud here :-)
oh ok i wanna go to one
It's 300 degrees on this bus
The fallout shelter is lookibg good right niw...
SAVAGE PIXELS #10: A RETRO SPECIAL... with Gold Panda, Iain Lee and some ZX ... - Drowned In Sound: Drowned In So...
I guess Denzel is enjoying that hot bar. They have best food!
thank you ashley ! :)
“: don't worry Coach, I bring in the testosterone for the group #KSRCollege” me too... ?
how I'm supposed to help over twitter? Lol
How do you blindfold a chink? Dental floss.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)
My teacher on the computer lookin at swimsuits lol shit she ready for summer too
Where are you? That mixologist sounds like Picasso!
Watching the
Life is too short, Grudqes:a waste of perfect happiness, laugh when you can, apologize when you should and let go of what you can't change.
I always have headaches
just tried to hard sell me insurance for a iPhone case for $1. Annoying. Why not just markup price and include it for "free"?
ALWAYS OPEN MIDED NEVER THINKING IN THE BOX I KEEP IT UNIQUE FROM MY HEAD TO THE SOCKS-YOUNG.S
another reason not to eat fast food. It's not only bad for u, but some stuff u don't want can end up in what u order.
Lol I got a few!!
at the library...suppose to be doing research but um....well..you see what Im doing..smh..
I love twitter :D
who else get out tomorrow besides us ?
lol u u got ur guy now I need Coples to fall in the Monstas cave
#FF to the person who made my Oscar Day by using the word "fucktard" -
Indiana takes out Kentucky!!!!
Great...don't talk to me. That's cool....-___- Cause I did something to make you stop talking to me.
So I leave Chicago and I hear theres been a sighting scoring goals for the reserve team... and that's Goals with an S
they should do a twitcam and dance like that the whole time.
Counting down the days till I'm in Spain! 🇪🇸
Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone!!
ur so low. "$12,000 for child support" my ass!! u can suck my size A nuggest!
RT : Bristol Palin is doing a reality show, despite her mother's longstanding objection to reality.
Check out www.theclevelandsportsreport.com for a excellent article about Saturday's show. Mark your claendars for Feb. 5th.
Your welcome!! xox
Oklahoma State wouldn't score 27 points in 27 years against LSU or Alabama
A day not making money is a day wasted!;)
First 20 who follows my bestie gets a shoutout from me!! i promise , #HURRY !! ( Don't lie, I'm watching )
If happy ever after did exsist, I'd still be holding you like this <3
I'm not moving guys. Sheesh, I was jk lmao
Off to Dallas then Atlanta!
“: A hand job's a man's job. Suck it, fuck it, or go home” This girls outta hand rachel hahaha
QPR supporters now in profanity mode...
I'll be sure to let him know that you enjoyed the show!!!
NY #Giants stuck his ass!! San Fran here we come!!
: as does Deity. I'm not really sad; just trying to figure out what to do when feeling alone in this in Ctown.
Freaking love your new song
Love Love Love Listening to SuperBass!!!!! RT if u know the rap.....
Oh! And don't forget Porter. Lowest rung on the railroad profession becomes pretentious suburbanite girl's name.
I remeber the day followed me :) <3
I just made a Mouse Of Today pledge on #WFMU for #TomThon. All of you fans of #BestShowWFMU or #WFMU know you can beat me *easily*
Who's the mystery man for interview for the #RedSox job?
Shouts to for that follow
Just spent an inordinate amount of time waving at a mechanical paper towel dispenser.
Exactly!!! The original MORE than withstands the test of time. No offense to Depp, but he's no Powell! I'm sad.
.commercial: yes you do At the dealership:I'm sorry where out of shufflin hamsters.
: went to M Burger and got the worst burger I've had in a while. I'm done with them for good...never going back...EVER
this is maiden voyage of tweets as we start our podcast that takes place live in a cab
GREAT. now I have the Dawson's Creek music stuck in my head... ;)
trying to stay awake, getting sleepy 0-0 > o-o > -_- > 0-0 and so it repeats lol ,IMO twitters pretty cool!
I want to thank god for everything!Hes the best thing that ever happened to me!Without him i wouldnt have Great Family!And my TRUE Friends
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George along with The Lotus Dance Team at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
You make me wanna drop<3
hey today feel good out
Solar energy is an inexhaustible fuel source that emits zero pollution and zero noise.
it is HOT in my office
Very true. Although, I have been trying to cut down on it. It's pretty harsh on my digestive system.
Bouta play grand theft auto vice city..get my mind off stress
what does FF mean? Is it dirty ?
she has her moments...
Not sure. Maybe can give us a quick twitter update.
as will I...lol I just got out of the bounce house...yee haw
you should come preform at Cleveland, Ohio!! I'd be there! <3
Looks like Conrad might get to play 2nd tomorrow.
#powerofwork everybody is talking about Clifton's book, the Coming Jobs War...including Noel Ginsburg. Gotta read it.
of course! I'm just learning about all you have to offer. I would also love to sign up to teach some classes in the summer.
no im hurt cause everyones startin on me callin me fake and everythin
Grading concert reports from Music Appreciation students.When a student uses words like "embolden", you know it's from Wikipedia. And it is!
such a long day thank god that it is over!!!!
Just finished watching Detroit 187 on Netflix. Gr8 show-characters awesome, most shos can't do that after 10 yrs!
If were to retweet this... Claire would be soo happy! She needs a big smile!
I think he will. May take some time off first. Luis Enrique prob will manage Barca now & you'll see AVB re-emerge w/ AS Roma.
when we gon here some more of that fie shit
thats cool you meet one direction what were they like in preson?
Welcome to twitter !
Applying for jobs and then waiting for feeback makes me feel like Buffalo Bill. "Would you hire me? I'd hire me. I'd hire me HARD."
how u been long time no hear
Come out and check out our can-struction help us win peoples choice!
Trust in yourself. Your perceptions are often far more accurate than you are willing to believe. -Claudia Black
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. ~Napoleon Hill
That is awesome!
Let's take a minute to remember the Setif massacre which took place in '45 & left an estimated 45,000 Algerian Muslims dead.
Pindar~ Words have a longer life than deeds.
:') i'm such a weirdo huh, lol RT Lol made me laugh today 😊
Have a great weekend!!!
What if every time I've done an "OH" tweet, it's been something I've said?
what is going on? what are you doing?
At another FABULOUS meeting. Glad to see all these faces here to help others. Let us know if you want to help denver's at-risk youth!
Tony Pietrantonio Knockout: The Brutal Art of the Perfect Knockout Punch [SLIDESHOW]
Mari gone gt something done to dis head today
not thinking straight
“: Tension in Wisconsin is so thick you could cut it like a Waukesha ballot bag.”
CALORIES: Those tiny and naughty creatures that live in your closet and sew your clothes a little tighter each night...
Q2 Probably bright and cheerful, but I love the charm of old buildings too. has an intriguing, though not perfect, combo.
#teamlesbian Hi my name is Bert. I'm a real person contacting you. And I tell you this bc I'm trying to promote my film, "3rd Wheel"
Thxs....Womens tees are on the design table now! What would you want on a shirt?
hahaha indeed it is!
This is living
Thank you Walmart for all the time and energy you are putting into making miracles happen in Greater Orlando! We appreciate it!
King Of The Hill is simply amazing!
RT : What's the plan this week? -- Get it
sigh, isn't it so awesome that we are dependent on a social network that is such a struggle to use?
sending out the latest investor update..
“play this song at my funeral”-my mom while listening to 's “party rock anthem” ...
Dont be the next t-shirt im tryna tell u
#MAMSummit attending Mid-Atlantic Marketing Summit in D.C. Very informative & current!
that's cuz I be dealing with too much foolery.
Nathan is the nipple pincher pro
Blue barn?
hahahahaha that just shows how good they are :p
"I don't have a Facebook account" people are the new "I don't have a TV" people.
It's not that easy as you think.
on channel 2! It's the last episode or episodes I think. I'm still watching it. :O lily has her baby !
How tweet it is to be loved by you! I love you too. Good Morning!
anytime sugar I'll start saving up lol as long as I get to play wit them once every couple of months
Anyone know where I can buy lots of cheap flash drives? Thanx
Unless you've tried at least twice, (if not 3times) to push it forward to th # next step, NeVER write a girl off & think she doesn't like u
yep i was walking 2 my next class and he tried 2 cut it
Looking for seasoned franchises for sale. 2-3 with nets of at least $1 mil cumulatively. Have anything? Thanks
"You mad grandpa? YOU JEALOUS?" "you bet your boots I'm jealous!"
in mah bed, where else?
sounds cool. Hosting a dinner party tonight tho. Next time. Remind me please!
Journey is over. We have made it to the beach. Yay I can sleep.
OK OK OK Here is the scoop!
House hunting is no joke. #NorthPark & #BankersHill - so many 2bd/1baths... What gives?! Girls need 2 bathrooms. Come on house gods.
SO TRUE! "It is perfectly okay to write garbage--as long as you edit brilliantly." - C. J. Cherryh
Headed to see The Social Network this afternoon. Hope it's as good as the book it's based on, "Accidental Billionaires".
yeh it was ok I hate the reading one !
Remember when we actually made Advertising?
time to wish for you to follow me!(: <33
What's the KAHNNN yell for? :-)
#IanEastwood and #BaileyAnderson 😍😍😍😍😍 assfghjkl; they're just so cute and hot lmao
As soon as I get high and step into the shower, Q104.3 starts playin Jammin
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Jane Fonda back on Broadway after 40 years. I get her autograph after her magnificent 33 Variations performance.
not a baby in the purse?!! & said a fake Louie bag & baby named "Gucci"..I couldn't help but laugh at that...ALL BAD
On with new music from (yes!), , , , and your music suggestions!
Fun at the races with !!
we can make it happen with your name on it or whatever! We can discuss a #FreshKics customize pair over over
Longbow: check
God Weiters is such a beast.
my cats brain is broken :-(
I feel like this Saturday at graduation I'll finally see my high school friends. #can'twait
Glad you found something. Unfortunately, I live about 70 miles north of Salina. Wish I could have said hello in person.
thanks for the props, Lex. Go Wings!
Registrations are rolling in for summer 2011! Get yours in today and be a part of DWC DC or DWC in the Wild: Costa Rica!
whhhattt?! i was at south coast last night too!
Kim!! By far the best contestant :)
27 years Anthony Melvin Flowers was Born! Happy Birthday to myself
I try to! Whether or not I'm good at poetry is another story, though. Been reading about Deerbook -- love it. Favorite author?
{Chevy QOTD} What is your BIGGEST pet peeve with other drivers?
Kinda hurtin' inside.
MT : Enjoyed helping at The validation canvas model is smart: thinking like a scientist is built into the process.
I wish I could attend #edcampbham, but I already have plans. I hope an #edcampatl person goes and reports back
lol. he doesn't need that kinda trouble
The debut of the one and only DJ tonight!
Watching bad girls club :-)
Austin I think I wanna marry you. :$
#HappyBirthdayTravisClark WE LOVE YOU
are you related to Judas?
good morning(:
I hate crossing big busy rodes, especially in summit I'll.
get inn some dance clothes in my bag so I can practice on an hour.lol.
NEED EVERY ONE TO LOOK AT MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL @ YungSmookDawg Thank You
thanks for the mention, will be sure to take a look!
do I know you??
The #Aztecs are leading the Broncos at the half 38-22. J Franklin is leading all scorers with 12 points.
Playing spoons > homework
: who says ur not Star potential? Who says ur not presidential?
When your real you shouldn't have to brag about it, cause it's something that just shows...
dude. I'm pretty sure we were Siamese twins at birth, attached at the heart. Our parents are keeping shit from us I know it.
Community murdered tonight. Greatest 2 episodes ever
I deserve a medal for making it through the week without stabbing someone with a fork.
we can solve that whole sucking at iPad typing thing. Check out our typing trainer app on the store.
Happy birthday to myself and I know my dreams will come true and that love reigns everywhere
clue could you interview ja rule when he get out it won't be long
Been tryin to reach ya regarding a Bo Jackson event! my email is Take care!
Register today for the upcoming Heartland Worship Institute....the price goes up tomorrow by another ten bucks. Don't miss out!
What five things can you do today towards your success? Commit to your
": Moxie coming home today!?!? #MEOW" YES!! MEW MEW MEW
Monday state employee special!!!! Beck's beer $2.75!!!!
Seriously miss my friends
El Times, formerly NYT
We do as well Ryan, We need to make Detroit a better place! We are hearing unconfirmed reports that a 3yr old was shot :(
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
my body hurt !!
“: #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I fought on the court..... oops” she would have to get in line!
Wait til u see this year's poster!
Well , will see :(
i'm not going to call you a jerk. that'd be giving you too much credit.
people that are new to the EDM scene and think thats what's hot right now. Those are the ones that get going.
I'm in need of a live chat. Who's with me?
Anti-aging toolkits should include L-Carnitine which helps to maintain metabolism and memory
I tend toward the former, but I understand my colleagues on the other side of the pond say it differently.
New iPhone screen casts coming soon..
My brother returning home from Afghanistan :)
Day 36 of 100: I'm thankful for the wonderfulness and unexpectedness of the random turn of events that life is (a mouthful, huh?)
How is that even possible... 
I ended up spending more money downtown during all the St.Patrick's Day celebration(parade & Saturday afternoon) than I did during Superbowl
Now rappers talkin about Drivin Knowin God dam well they aint got they L's!
RT “: It's Richard's birthday today. Let's get him a kidney. RT #saverichard””
Today was everything! I had a ball with my "friends".
Even I (w a huge capacity for chocolate) couldn't finish one of our Woodland Dream drinks (xtra rich hazelnut hot choc). Dare you to try!
Text my phone cause I forgot my ipod :(
I think the clippers are gonna lose the series now
We're experiencing some technical difficulties; the new shirt will be up as soon as we can!
Stuck on 1,457 followers! Unfollowing people who aren't following me. Sorry(:
Charles is getting old Brandy wants her name in his will (:
Lets Go Seawolves. Rooting for you Coach Steve Pikiell. Isn't that right Ros-O Kid ? Let's have a good practice today!
waiting on a msg or a call, i wont answer anything after 12..if its like last night i will be upset!!
Roger that!
Congrats to Homecoming Committee on a very well done Fifth Quarter. I'm so proud of you guys! It's almost game day!
Thanks for the visit tonight...we missed you.
Ok, a little warning thay there are kids in the office would have be nice before I drop a few choice words!
The airlort terminal smells like piss. At least they have good beer here.
Happy Anniversary to my amazing parents! 33 years & counting!
u better spell it right mfer
Going to bed is always the highlight of my day. #ILoveSleep <3
def broskii..you around tomorrow? Maybe you can come to guilt for a bit
re: roundtable, where is the office located?
I think the Bulls ahve an excellent chance to win either way—if Deng is still in possession of the balls he found for Game 5,
holy goosebumps, that performance killed!
keep the holiday fun going tomorrow at Martini 494 Bistro -- they're turning 1! let's celebrate.
No one really knew who Samuel L. Jackson was until 1994, when Pulp Fiction was released. By then, he was 46 years old.
Thanks! Have a great weekend.
Going back to bed! Adios :)
I"m glad you like them.
I Choose tha streets!
can't wait to see Repo: the Genetic Opera this weekend!
and*** maybe?
7days a week/ 7 different freaks but I got tired of fuckin hoes/ so I just smoke and count my cheese
That moment when your parents are in a good mood and they give you what you want:)!
lol do you make these up or...? :P
Hey!!! U guys im bak #GOODMORING :)
Chucking positive vibes your way, from a fellow Eurekan turned Los Angelonian-angeloseon-angieoneite. M-kay.
Starting to warm up in the office... oh man. Come on little air conditioner. Just a little bit longer.
I need to help convince your mom to get you an iPhone.
hey, you hung up. I wasn't done lawl
lolol cuz my cousin is going too and she's bringing her boyfriend too. Soo I'm not sure. Ill see :p
Time Warner has missed two appointments w me this week. Fingers crossed they show up this afternoon as promised! #annoyed cc:
we need to make a game this summer! It's a gorgeous night at the safe!
Vicious puppy beater, Phillip Rich, will be arraigned in El Cajon this afternoon at 1:30. D2. He faces up to 3 years in the tank.
left work insanely early to go download GOT
Cortwright: Next round metro area #talentdividend PS completion reports will disaggregate by race/ethnicity to aid setting local strategy
Stand-By Alert ! ! Gayby -- Sunday
I love you babyy<3 happy 14 th birthday (: I remember when you were 13 like it was yesterday (; lol<3333
I was going through my call log the other day & all I saw was your name.
Productive delay. Promising route found for late June between hotel in Vianden and brewery in Achouffe. Lesson: pack carry-on eccentrically.
Illinois is now the Shaw Me State!
We'll treat you just like an old friend and neighbor. And don't forget to take advantage of our #CouponsToGo specials. See you soon!
thanks for a great lunch!!!
That wtf moment when u cant curl the back of ur hair -__-
Would like to move as fast as GOOG
LOL The Bounty Hunter?
Next to my bed, angled towards my bed, and I use it as my alarm clock.
yeah I think you should:)
Peyton greatest role model athlete ever?
Jeff, can you comment on why HBO GO is not available on the Xbox 360 for Time Warner Cable customers?
SERIOUSLY!?! If You Can't Invest $9 In Your Career Or Business, Then Don't Expect Me To Take You SERIOUSLY! Start Mobile Marketing
Thanks LB, just what I was looking for!
to live the golden rule - "Try everyday to do one kind act. When it's become routine, up your game to 2, then 3, etc" Karen Armstrong
The way some churches behave you'd think Jesus was a pack rat or a mean bag lady.
Bubbled the HU, played really well overall, got it in good, very happy with how I've played this week
Today is Equal Pay Day. Women still make 77 cents to the dollar, but #Hispanic women make just 52 cents.
Orbital cancelled too??? Okay NEXT! Defcon at the Pyramid!!!
So excited about #demilovato being a judge on #xfactor!!!! So happy for her!
so much to accomplish today.
I'm intrigued. Direct messages & admin panel will be useful - especially since real-time analytics were released! Your thoughts?
Nudge Nudge: Brunch enlivened by incident de garde-robe - Victoria Times Colonist
. Great piece to run during National Distracted Driving Awareness Month. I hope parents and teens are encouraged.
I think we should do NFL players nicknames next time we go to penn. The guy better not mess mine up again tho
Who else would I *BE* talking about?? xD
Cannot believe that this week was my last USC movie screening of the semester. Hope everyone has enjoyed them as much as I have!
Be careful who you allow in your home. Someone with a broken-down car may only be looking for valuables instead of making a call for help!
It was pretty awesome. For the 2x header we were in section 134, 4 rows off the field w/ ALL day sun. Temp: 105. = burnt skin :)
That pissed off moment when it texting n someone replies with a smiley face like how the f do you respond to that come on bro
Sometimes it feels like my mom is my child and i'm the adult, she's so clueless lol
Yeah, it's in Uptown Village. I used to use it. Does their app allow check depositing yet?
hell yeah! A nigga gets tired of always coming out of pocket.
Congrats to our luck $50 Dibbs card winner, Brenda Secrest! Message me your email and we'll send over the details!
thanks for the koozie...
How do I reach my fitness goals??? LET ME SHOW YOU THE WAY!!
yeah we use to have to steal the water from next door when it got cut off lol he did anything for his kids
Just uploaded a couple of shots to instagram
Exactly! Driving me crazy :-( Hope you're all better today!
online fee ,wth
RT Q2: What do you find challenging & rewarding about the work you do?
A sweet woman & sharp writer!
thanks for all the #FFs today... we're inching closer to that 1,000 mark.
Thanks bad news at work. You made me eat my nails off.
Being a kid running up pyramids in mexico with my brothers racing next to me.
what's up??
thanks for the mention! Awesome job with the storefront-the UI is incredible - keep up the great work :)
Fourth and one...
yu're in luck! Wrds are easy to read if their nly missing a vwel!
#everydayithinkabout how at zero gravity food fights would start themselves
It's their body and stamina that captures my attention
Dropbox or Google Drive?
D.C. Education Conference ‘Energizing’ for N.M. Mom
I decided to go to the gym Mon, wed, and Fri hopefully I don't over do it. I am pretty sure I gained the weight back I lost NEVER give up
I have changed my mind on a couple of these last paintings, I think I want to do some more sunsets, they are just so relaxing, beautiful..
very much overdue :) Let me know the next time you're in town!
those shoes are redic. Post more photos of YOU.
Woot! On it.
U scared me, Thank God, my name is not Scott
The main person i wanted to be by my side Saturday isn't going to be there.
I guess everyone deserves to have a second chance...
and then whole class was like "aaaaawwwwwwwww" and Cam started singing "....I bust the windows out your car" LOLOLOL
So my cousin came to get all my stuff to store at his house! Including my tv 😳 wtf am I supposed to do!!! 😞
Where is everyone eating this weekend?
Wow...Bar Harbor, ME is the New England version of Gatlinburg, TN.
Yes! RT Now WC wisely telling everyone to read Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars trilogy. I agree!
text me nagggga
"that's the trigone" "in the blad blad... I'm trying my best to have fun with anatomy"
Used 'em on a plane, because iPod can't drive phones loud enough…
Missy "Lose control" had all the fat bytches bouncing at the getaway when the beat dropped!
SHOW ME SUMTHiN i AiNT USE ♥
Is there a local Intel Involved for the Rio Rancho, NM area?
aw. So cute!
#KellyThomas' dad is suing police 4 wrongful death of his homeless son. Now that he's dead, he's there to fight for his son's well-being.
Boston Bruins are terrible humans.
enjoy your dinner tonight at Of course I want to hear how it is!
Muah u talking to me there LOL
i need to see you tomorrow! No ifs ands or asses! i miss you. cereal (serio)
“: Most Successful people are grateful. Are they grateful because they are successful or successful because they are grateful?”
can u help me become an actor
Praying I can finish up editing on Circle of Sorcerers tonight!
Really pleased your driver's ed kicked in. :)
it started as a "must read" list from a hs English teacher. It's over 2,000 titles now :/
Thanks for the live stream - that was cool watching you train #hardwork #dedication #moneyteam ‏
Summertime; when the livin's easy;)
Hey world It's my 2nd Tweet ... Just Uploaded my mugg shot so the world can see that ( I am a real boy ) lol ...
I really like it when training makes me feel like a white belt, like it did tonight.
And now, #GameofThrones!!
bro naw i woke up like a pimp this morning hoe
Thank you! Appreciate that.
So awesome! Looks like they had a great time.
Good luck man!!!
I wish people listened to their doctors re: health issues instead of frickin celebrities
The miracle isn't the life you missed. It's the life you got.
Want the most money for you books? Bring them to BookHolders! We are open until 10pm Mon-Thurs!
That one trainer.. Hello there 😍😍😍😍
Do you know of any good iPhone apps for measuring/tracking distance?
bumping down the road in full tennis gear listing to Lil Jon. You go shorty!
Does it shock you. The Heat are classless assholes.
Keep in mind, is out due to injury. Takudzwa Ngwenya didn't start
SO excited for tonight! Please play "Morningside" and make our night!!!!
i need a size 10.5 nike dont really care what they look like. hit me up and ill throw you some ballislife gear..
It's not so much that the #Blues might not be for real. It's more that these #Kings are absolutely for real.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
Albuquerque, freshly spun!
lmaooo i can tell ! You need some practice
finally getting that rain you wanted.
Madison, Chicago, Eau Claire friends: if you're going to Bon Iver next month, arrive early for
any teams in cleveland ohio I can join?
For a limited time only you can download my motivational CD, "Passion 101" from www.Cdbaby.com/rshamar2 for less than $4 or buy it for $7
No complaining!! Time to get ur butt in shape:).
Hi Al.
NFL Sunday's are awesome, but maybe the hawks should play on every Thursday night! What a win!
There is a hostel where you can sleep in a room with 66 other people. Europe never ceases to amaze and terrify me at the same time.
There's a reason why I hate being home, it's mainly because your such a cantankerous bitch
Conan is a class act
Just had back to back auditions in 3 days. A businessman, an 1855 cursed Romanian Baron and a Mohawk halfbreed in the American Revolution.
+1 RT : . seems to exist only to RT tweets that include the words "bourbon" and "cream". The internet is miraculous.
is it weird that after late night sodomy I want food.
After driving to #treefort today I'm going to need a serious need of strong coffee so I can catch tonight.
Hmm, not really sure what to do with these presents anymore? #goodbye. :)
The Denver Broncos are on the clock again for their 6th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft.
it's the wording and the "holes in my apologies" that makes me uncomfortable. Bruce knows what metaphor is.
Just had a very deep conversation with a porn star in CVS. Can you guess what he was buying?
Big Congrats on the new position. Couldn't have hired a better guy!
Blah,blah,blah..........bored:/ just kidding just waiting:/:)
time to change that twitter profile pic?
Hi Marlee! Just wanted you to know that your website title says Academy Award "wining" instead of winning.
Yes. Haha I didn't have sex with Tony.
I miss being hungover
great just wonderful
please god be with me that I spend only what I have and not use my credit cards. Christmas is not about buying but loving god.
girl, i know, i havent been on here n months....i cant sleep but that advil pm about 2 put me n the game....i gotta get up @ 7a
Just saw a girl with a shirt that says "School is my hustle"
Cannot wait for tonight games. Wish my girls like Bball. I will need to keep changing Channels lol SMH
Agggg i love you mal-mal. i think so too :) get you something on your booty booty butt cheek ;)
Amazon prime is great for supplement subscriptions! Automatically receive your favorite supplements. I love it!
I didn't think the intensity could rise more but tonight proved me wrong!
