there's an ADULT CARA in Boston!
My dad went to Popeyes and was only going to bring me biscuits??! How rude. 😒
I'm looking at nabbing another podcasting rig… Rebel T2i with an EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8. What do you guys think? -G
get with me..
cool!u'd be in the circle as my honored guest hehe xD
Emerald's Berries & Creme flavored Breakfast on the Go has been the best thing that's happened to me today. Unexpectedly wonderful.
its been a while since I have been posting stuff on twitter, its not like anyone reads them so I say hello to all of you <3
thanks man! Cured pork fat is a beautiful thing.
Whats wrong. Are you ok. I dont hate you. You are loved.
#overheard a blind guy say "See ya later!" o.O
Definitely not worth it. Saw your book in NoFo today. Haven't read ityet, but congrats on success. SNL spoof..hilarious.
keep speaking out!!! murder is murder!!! God said THALL SHALL NOT KILL!!!! God bless you!!!
I love shaved heads!
yo those were the days. Lol
"Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom." Soren Kierkegaard
Called 5yo nephew to tell him happy birthday. He said, "Can't talk now. Too busy making fart music." And folks wonder why I don't want kids.
I probably would be biased if I were you. Your pizza is quite delicious!
I miss new York 😔
I sent you a direct message
Morning y'all ^__^
killin it right now one the 1s & 2s - come shake that booty for #NBDT nobigdealthursdays
One of the many stops on chorale tour: slaughterhouse. Disgusting yet interesting!
My Summer Goal Is For YOU To Follow Me (: C'mon Mister (;
Lunch time baby!
God made coke,God made pepsi ,God made JUSTIN so damn sexsy :) lmfao <3 R.E.T.W.E.E.T if you think justin bieber is sexsy (;
- Cry Bby Nigga's Make me Sick !
and no kinder bueno for mara ;) sucks to be you
"Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform."
I am in Alabama bored as bell
Patience, my friend. The iTunes App is coming soon!
Oh the joys of staying in a hotel. The couple in the room above us have very good... rhythm.
tina plays no games!
I was just going to say that. We consider poker a sport, and it's on ESPN, but it's really like no other.
I think I messed up? Wish people would stop asking you! #whatdoido?
with six kids that you can remember your name is remarkable.
Yupp. And that 45 line Latin translation!
Konstantine, for that one time,
Thanx for RT! : RT “: "One must work and dare if one really wants to live." ~Vincent van Gogh #quote #entrepreneur”
Was it announced that Weber was Fired?
#relaxed got a lot of rest I needed that.:-)
I kind of like waking up early on the weekend. My day seems way longer.😊
See ya there! RT Super excited for Nov. Social this Tuesday. Who else is coming from and ?
what size are they
O'Reilly's nose looks painful hope he didn't break it
#Marvelous Monday:
Out with and princess Semhar. Supposed to be on vocal rest. Sometimes you just need a drink.
RT : Bachmann's eyes are outshining her crazy gold buttons. #GOPDebate - Patton you always make me laugh!
2/2 but rather to skid in sideways, totally worn out, shouting "Holy shit, what a ride!" - Mavis Leyrer
I am having to do this/not like Cousteau with his/assiduous team/aboard the sun-flooded schooner/but here alone. -Adrienne Rich
Anyone still following the Daytona 500 is a poor poor bastard.
thanks sweetie. U get that breakfest this morning
Good choice. Have a drink every time every time someone says "mutant."
in rancho mirage. Yay
Just got a new member at Museum Day. Yea!! It's a beautiful day to be out on Fountain Square.
Right!!! Girl
Yes, in all things that is good, be present in mind, body and soul!
thought they were in LA?
Pretty sure my mom just said yes to the road trip!
Don't stop after reading Dandelions Never Die...you're only cheating yourself! Gotta get to Six Angels....
We never gave up...through it all..never.
I caved. Lets play draw somthing. ashleynerat
lmao yuh look so bored!! R U??
Just got honked at while walking
"Hold her like a conversation"-Lil' Wayne
I funkn love I'm his number one fan =)
What's your favorite cake?
yeah i get it! cos its all professionally done now with special mics and stuff! Yeahh
Thanks! Looking forward to connecting RT sounds like an interesting mobile app! - good name too
UK is #3 in the latest NCBWA Poll, a consensus top 3 team, yet again, amongst the 4 major polls.
Happy EMS Week to our friends at !
“: Want to hear a funny joke? Purdue athletics.”
Fuck you You know I hate that damn song!!!!!
Mercy digs deep to discover the reason behind what someone does or is doing.
Thanks. Done with four. Two more to go. And then back to The Seven to party with you guys !
Tough night for a Browns and Flyers fan.
#moneycantbuy love cuz its free! What u reap is what you sow-what you think, feel, speak, dream comes back to u so dream & love BIG people!
Can't wait to see the recap of last year's (& the ad for this year's) in 's annual #BBQ issue, out in May!
NACTO is being integrated into existing manuals and a way to implement Complete Streets Act
Ah man!! Just heard...rest in peace Adam yauch. Jamming to #BeastieBoys all week.
days like today are the best sort of reason to have a smart phone. *ding*
maybe I'll just go see Avengers again. In 2D this time.
My Dog Is Snoring Way Too Loud... Wtf
See you soon Detroit!
"Raygunomics" you wanna go there? How about Obumanomics.
Xmas Tweets: Fun moment last night - my mom reminiscing fondly about when she referred to my friend Ivo and mistakenly called him "elbow."
1 final to go. Summers about to be crazy
Its always around the same time every year when i complain about going to school lol
'' I love you more handsome :)
How are you today? I have not heard from you in sometime.
on behalf of my brother and my family THANK-YOU #JUSTICE FOR
See you tonight!
What's the weather lookin' like tomorrow?
The reason some people do not like the Mass Effect 3 ending, is because they just dont understand it... I feel it was appropriate.
Studio time this weekened!! On a roll! And writing more songs.
Good Night and God Bless.. and remember... Your beautiful, don't let anyone tell you different. ♥
you're hot
Little bit nervous to discuss de Beauvoir in my co-ed philosophy class tomorrow... I don't know what will come out of some people's mouths.
Good luck to everyone on their finals NABJ wishes you all the very best !!
In the zone
The homeless woman next to me is having a convo with herself about how people think she's crazy. Wonder where they got that idea....
nice! or sacrilege, depending on your POV.
uh huh.
New week, what's on your mind?
we loved meeting you yesterday! the black/yellow top was MADE for you. Can't wait to visit PB&Caviar! XO
In Va. for business
Looking forward to reading what Ricky Gervais said that was censored.
Thank you for notifying us , please DM with the time & location of your observation; was the bus in motion?
Playing beyond gay movies at lunch
I managed to convince a friends parents, and my parents, to not go to school tomorrow. My persuassion skills are awesome.
Stunned by this planet.
after such a great event, we are considering how to make it easy for others to duplicate...
Who will compete with UCLA next season?
Amsterdam and Paris was fun!
work today... i don't really wanna go... i'm not feeling to well, again. :\
Professional Victims - gotta love them. Actually, no you don't.
The Pink "There U Go" era was my fave Pink era
Hm... I just realize that Doctor Who has a "see no evil" (Angels) "speak no evil" (The Silence) and I know there's one for "hear no evil".
Packed house at #NGGS11!
NICE! Clubbie friendly, I love it. And yeah, not too much. Kinda nice having a day like this once in a while
How can you live with yourself after doing something like that?
I'm spinning til 4am at LEGROOM on division st!
We've had that happen too. Crazy coach made the teenage ump cry.
Watching a movie with my little sister is impossible. -.-
I don't know that just sounds lazy... ;)
Maybe people now believe they SHOULD be humbled, since everyone else is claiming to be.
Cat was fine with the contractor, drill, tarps, dust, noise. Silent, stationary fan? Not okay.
Mozart channel on Pandora! Oh yes, got the creative juices flowing now!
before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteme, first make sure you're not surrounded by assholes.
Listnening to Norway & loving it.
Sitting here looking at hot guy pix with a raging hard-on. What to do? What to do?
St John Evening long white & silver stretch column dress. Start thinking about those holiday parties! Beautiful!
Anyone crafty want a full bag of yarn?
SHUT YOUR FACE. Tess. Where!?!? Are y'all really going to see the hunger games!?
They keep Babbitt until they get a GM and/or coach. This isn't Buchanan's call. Unless it is, in which case...God help us.
Still looking for talented web designer... anyone know of anyone looking for experience?
I just came from party in goodnight lovelies have a great day c u all later!!;)
"i danced with a hot cowboy who looked like dwight yoakam." "i thought you said he was hot." roomie doesn't get it.
they are knarly sweet! I don't really like candy
My brother just HAD to vomit all over the table
SAVE THE DATE! The next gathering of the B&BS will take place Weds. 11/9 from 7-8:30 p.m. Look out for the invite this week!
Thank you for the follow, Jane. Look forward to seeing you at next week's event!
re:phon awareness. Not regularly in outpatient clinic, but yes as grad student supervisor.
Don't hold your breath... my episode of RINGER will air on January 1, 2012.
Orquesta La Moderna Tradición at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, November 14
RT if you have braces: favorite if you don't
it's true haha
wonder should i go to da parade today??
Had to go to school in glasses cuz of freaken allergies! And the glasses stay till the irritation(pink and redness) goes #ByeBye :/
What I supposedly did wrong idk.. All I kno is that I'm reaping the "rewards"
So pleased with the response to our Studio rapid eLearning authoring tool at LT12 last week. Publishing in HTML5 seems to be the requirement
One of the best meals in Central Fla., some of the best wine in America and wonderful company.
that'll due.
New This Week | Two jobs and five grants! Check them out on the Programming Lbirarian home page.
Are there breathe right strips for dogs? My dog's snoring is driving me crazy!
Oh, he treats me with respect, he says he loves me all the time, he calls me fifteen times a day, he likes to make sure that I'm fine.
love your new profile pic, Brad! ^ag
Grudgingly gave up my computer you the apple store. I'm a little worried at how anxious I feel without it!
DNA eduscope: Options galore in Arts - Daily News &amp; Analysis
So bummed the sound failed and we couldn't hear the Widows Bane yesterday. Make sure to go see them at the Walnut Room on the 28th!
I show no remorse
Melanie Fiona has the most amazing voice! <3
We should live our lives as though Christ were coming this afternoon. ~ Jimmy Carter
(1/3) My top Five Favorite U.S. Cities. I've been pretty much everywhere across this great land. From coast to coast, border to border.
Looking forward to a monster week creating new business with wireless innovator
On to my next hideout; this time to write bug report against my iPhone app
As summer heats up, keep yourself and your children hydrated by getting >100oz. of water everyday +coconut water to replenish electrolytes
yeah, but who gives a shittttt lol I don't.
Are you so deep in the NBC machine that you can't even see your own bias??? Really??
We are a 1:1 school 4-12, 1:2 for k-3. Great until budget cuts have come leaving us wondering if we will end up with a lab, again
Go HEELS!!! Yea. RT : Ha. Pack fans will be so quiet now that they lost! Y'all talk to much! UNC ALL DAY!
Charters are one place in the school system (and I do mean IN) that we can get together and innovate.
"Feeling resentful and used in our relationships plays havoc with our ability to be warm and loving." ~ Sue Patton Thoele
Aw <3 you always make my.friday nights too :)
to the person who said it was okay to take a picture of yourself as your profile pic >>>>>>
The ability to weigh criticism and distinguish the good from the bad is definitely vital to a writer's success!
no girl u don't it's the truth he broke it off so ppl know tht it's not going to end well lol
apparently it went DOWN at the reunion yesterday... I'm quite excited about that!
and the only thing that can stop Kobe is the shits! Haha
I still haven't figured out my costume for the 'Bling it On Party' at #paycon. Can you say last minute Party City run?
Study break no. 1: Visit the 3rd floor exhibit to see 's oldest book from 1488.
Well, Jordan talked to me. And you didn't even know he was there, so I guess it works out.
yeah mickeys quite the looker
If you love inspiring & original tweets? Then it's simple, just follow -> RelatableQuote and you will LOVE them! I promise
Hey there - I emailed for an invite…I'd love to see the site!
Good times had by all ... well, Hornets fans anyway. Least grating loss of our season. Hustle. Grit. Gravitas. :)
that's comedy! Jimmy is an abstract dude. How does a cat like that go on survivor?
i needa hear this!
I miss
U honor me by inclusion : PLZ Follow
"Come along and ride on this fantastic voyage" I swea johnson family vacation is the movie
CASTING: Featured Background Actor for the role of a "Prison Guard" shoot Friday, Aug 12. Email ASAP:
Thanks for coming out!
I have no idea where my keys are.
Question for #tcot: Why should Gov't subsidize college education? Tuition at GA Southern should float to its equilibrium.
Thats what I wanna do but i really can never get him alone unless the game tomorrwo? But idk ill I can get him towards me
watching new show
To my brother : Good luck today at the sir. Congrats again on all of your achievements. (Cc: )
Had enough time to walk my lazy butt to my class on north campus and still be 23 minutes early.
I'm overhearing someone describe an upcoming "Holiday in Cambodia." Dead Kennedys real life reference!
In the 956!
Happy Birthday TNG. Live Long and Prosper.
feel the same here, but for different reasons. I dont feel like myself & I hate that. I'd say to ease yourself back into your >
Looking forward to the day when I can just be a student of the world.
#keepcalm Remember SF is an NFC team. I think PM wants to stay in the AFC in my opinion
lmao yo..this woodpecker HAS to be a nigga.
I hate it when the internet goes out at my place, I feel naked without it. :(
no u didn't when
love waking up and my mom is downstairs watching recorded dr phil ha...
pffttttt...whatever. You guys are awesomesauce.
iceland airwaves 09
Happy 21st birthday to my best friend and wifey, ! Love you gurl :)
good idea. but how am going. to give it to you
creating can be beneficial by helping to review process and sort concept.
Although you can hold your position with the appearance of confidence, you may not be as positive as others think.
Your mind will always block out that which it does not understand.
does that mean we get a 5th costly Obama "I'm gonna save housing" program that won't work either? or is it the 6th?
want to be my 81th follower? It would be so great(: ❤👇
Thanks to for an amazing night! in the house. U rock!
Well, that sucked
Am I the only one who thinks the #Ravens have no business spending their 1st on a WR? That said I trust Ozzie
Love the Totoro!
I WILL CRY :( A RIVER IF ADORABLE AMAZING YOU DOESN'T FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE IT BE A WISH COME TRUE IF YOU DID <333333333333333
Love 99designs, thanks for the follow!
This lady needs to stop playing with her baby n making noise
We back on good terms ..
Content analysis of postsecret? #amst7100 themes? Audience analysis?
no she wasnt
How quickly I end up on amateur alchemical websites when I start reading about 17th-c. title page decoration.
*HUGGGGLES* Thanks so much hon! Right back at ya! <3
just finishing at the ACC. Let's meet up for a drink. What r u thinking?
"One game. If we play them 9 times, they might win 5. But not this game. Not. Tonight." #Preds #webelieve (cc: )
nope, I'm not there. I wish I was tho! Lucky!(:
scars wont fade away but that dosent meen that they will be showable forvever
Watched alot of movies this weekend I'm watching Angels and Demons
learning about twitter
well maybe one day we'll make it big and be living out there!!! but grater's will for sure have to be sent out to us.....
Neccessity is the mother of invention
its literally taking this car 10 minutes at the atm. ten. Louisville plates. it all makes sense
I thought I tweeted for the day. Wow. long day. Time for a much need makeover!
Same thing right?
Little sleep last night + a big glass of wine after dinner tonight = accidentally drunk.
I think it's bold, progressive, and in all honesty quite overdue. What are your thoughts?
Abour to lay it down.
presents $5K check to Envision board chair; CS volunteers also helped beautify campus before site opened
#Everybody follow my #Cool folk
You have to be willing to look bad in order to learn how to get better. Randy Gage
Dat science was easy
Ha! thanks Jo! Have to stay ready for they ass! Thanks for doing the show! You rock!
Last Fri real estate word unscramble-devise 2days WORD:ldfaeut HINT:failure "There's nothng like stayng at #home 4 real comfrt." Jane Austin
If I wanna marry a woman or a man it's nobody's business but my own! Get over yourselves haters.
I just did
let me know what you find, folks are ecstatic about #sweave round here - esp. for #rstudio /cc
have u ever wanted something so bad but at the same time u r so scared 2 reach out to it bc what if u cant have it?
Dang that's a first both crews are safe from elimination
I have a rare friday off....What's poppin on fridays???
that's called an #asswoopin!
Lake winnie tomorrow with Julia, Lexi, Reagan, and Jacie :)
Carson Palmer is the best qb ever
Maple Street Books is open til 3 today at the Healing Center. Check out our last minute gifts and expanded magazine selection.
The revolution is not a tea party.
Good article Jean Ann!
A3: I mostly collaborate with my MarComm team, but also program side.
“: I am a little nervous about going into today. #walkofshame” haha! No need to be nervous #youramongstfamily <3
Hey Storm....SHHHHHHHHH!
I'm ready for a nap
White velvet latter Street Cafe
Plus it has RT check out tonight at 10E/9C with me. I like the show. Good payoff.
Called last night to raise my voice about your continued support of Rush via advertising dollars. There are better people to fund.
RT : Starting to get excited about my 5K tomorrow. I haven't raced that distance in forever!>>>>Good luck!!
Are you cleaning right now? Tell us what you're doing.
RT Basketball Mind RT I want it in Bron's hands late, dont necessarily need him to shoot tho. Depends on the situation
Don't be sweet, lest you be eaten up; don't be bitter, lest you be spewed out. - Proverb
Valentine'sDay Tip for those attempting to bake their 1st Red Velvet cupcakes: Your kitchen will look like a crime scene.
Bulls look like shit
Hung out with some ladies tonight and we talked about our periods. Yes, it really did happen. And we talked about boys too to complete it.
It's Friday! Have a great day everyone!
wants to become the number one primary healthcare provider in America. Right..penny pinching corp driving down quality of HC.
look at my tweet
lol I see Giiftid talk about random chicks screaming "FUCK ME NOW PLEASE" but god forbid i tweet 1 pic of a sexy chick lol
are an embarrassment.
Graduation day!
Chipotle is probably the best meal you can get under 5 minutes.
I tried it through a GSLIS class. At least MySpace once had a legitimately sizable user base for library outreach, unlike SL.
Between shows. Come to DR2 in Union Sq. See Reading Under the Influence. Laugh and drink
hey Jackie how are you hun? It's been a long time since we've talked. How is everything?
me too! Sometimes, I got to the website and lust after all the goodies I "could" be buying.
Thanks! Glad to be heading home and looking forward to some time relaxing!
Rim Check
Take your time going, but hurry back
Is A #RoleModel(:
You. Will. See.
Happy New Year!! Looking back at 2010, there were some awesome youtube videos. Check out the top videos of 2010.
that moment when you lock eyes with an acress and fall in love for 30 seconds and then realize they're just acting and its working ah
The $25k question on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire asked if a pediatrician can diagnose Beiber Fever. Where's Regis when ya need him?! Smh.
I'm a Maryland driver. You don't want me behind the wheel anyway. RT : Hence your war on cars!
I think the Hornets picked their team based on looks--these guys r hot.
feels like 2 years ago! I still dont believe it lol
Yeah will ask
“: he is all talk”you a scary girl you scared of everybody ctfu
Always known the reason for cause. Because the reason is by your own cause. Cause Is mind, effect is law
I grew up in #Reno so I basically saw the layer of ugly reality without the Disneyland side. I just SMH at this place
Early bird get the worm, I’m up way before y’all!
haha oh I bet you've missed it mane
“: If he gives you the last peice of gum #HeIsYourHomie lol ” hell yea u know it haha
followed ya
One more: RT Your investing pickup line: "A date with me would definitely pay dividends."
wtf?! Lol....he's waiting for you Robert ;)
Challenge: &quot;what are the questions we should be taking on at OpenGrounds?&quot;
isn't that also what jade is for?
ha I could go for some of those right meow
Is there a more useless news story lede than "It's that time of year again"?
why roll when you can get a pipe
#MyPastRelationships were all failures that why their my past relationships.
Yes, I'm watching Phineas & Ferb without my kids. Shhh...don't tell em.
Yeah, we get it kid. Its your 10th birthday. Put the sign down.
EK's truck is on TV! With the President. :)
thank u
Thank you! It was a treat having you all here.
you know what this loyalty day bullshit is? It's a way to have another excuse to fuck with #ows and everything it stands for. SUCK SHIT.
Sorry my response took forever - year 1 (of 2) findings from the Khan study will be released this December.
wish. feeling like the red headed step-child since ya'll havent been to the pacific nw since '09. Where's the love??
Happy Friday!
Spa Week is coming! April 11th through April 17th! Stay tuned.....
Why am i not tired!?
PLEASE BRING AL THE BOYZ ! not just a few, thats really unfair. not to be rude. BUT THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR DOING THIS !
i dunno. But i know you don't have to try hard. :)
Q5 financial tip... do user needs assessment and then be selective on what you buy for patrons. Also think about
The end is soon to come.
If you're looking to unwind after work today, fall through (cc: )
indiana dryvit contractors, indiana dryvit repair, indianapolis dryvit contractors, indianapolis dryvit repair, indianapolis stucco
Don't play stupid with me...I'm better at it.
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
The one on anti-tales. Great stuff.
willbottinick: Wish I could have attended #SLA2010, but I will be there next year for sure.
Now they call offsides
think about this. hes very critical and abhors tone deafness...so.if he heard a lil and wants more, chances are your good
Heading to The Next Cool VIP event tonight!! the largest film & tv event of 2012!!
thanks for the add! Took your inspiring workshop before - fantabulous!
#FundMyFriday I'm gonna find a new job and try to make some money for Christmas. Friday is the day for BIG FUN.
if you got the loot, BUY IT! probably won't see it for much less...
"if you get hurt, we're going to the science museum at the hospital" - random science museum dad on the green line.
shit u tweet more any of my followers lol
yes a carrot! <WeMissAustin!>
#IBetSomebodyOnMyTL is working on an amazing project....if you're in Vegas, time to get it
Don't shut it down. Don't eat the chocolate. We are thinking of you! Wish you were here.
overtime and Tidwell isn't even on the field? What is Arizona thinking?! - guy who thinks Jerry Maguire is real life
No really, I love being stood up.
BBQ son....BBQ
feel me bro people piss me off
Happy Friday everyone! Have a fun (and safe!) weekend!
The coin tossed is embossed with my loss of control. I will live as if living itself is the goal...
simple, yet delicious.
Glad you like the mobile. Thanks for visiting!
I'm bored af! <\Slope/>
Starting in just a few, keep an eye out for the #NGGS3 tag to get updates from the Wellness at Work: Get Your Erg On! breakout session.
Going to take a shower, then go over my chorus for the contest then a long day tomorrow <3
I'm okay.. Wht about you
I hate being called quiet.
i have the worst head ache ever ugh
Get on skypeee! You guys have to play this MC Map! Its a team map.
RT : LOL at Random House sending their email bulletins out at 6pm Fridays. Yea, I'll read that right away.
1&1 is the WORST hosting company. Don't ever use them.
aboout to go take a showwer.
men's key.
hockey took the place of football in my life
stick it to tha man bby!
I agree, but the legal system does not. Or at least that's the message they're trying to send with SOPA etc.
keep on harassing him :D
thanks a lot i cant wait to get up to ny this winter!!!!!
Check out the "I<3" presentation on the Center Span -- you can make the interactive art light up by tweeting the hashtag #IngenuityFest!
ya got nice boobs
they might not have wifi :/
I'd love to see a 1917 Russia rpg, or 70's urban revolutionary (think RAF or SLA) setting for a game. not spy really but close
music is my hooker: open to everyone, belongs to nobody, doesn't say her name.
This time tomorrow, we'll be arriving to set up for Debra Dean's first 2012 #IfAllOfRochester reading & book signing!
Time to find an apt today. Otherwise I could be homeless an no one wants that.
looked at me bending over al practice lol
I am a #dreamer, and when I wake- you can't break my spirit, it's my dreams you take.
I love Skittles ♥ Especially the red ones!
Let me know if anybody has updates on the trail riders' whereabouts & timing, esp. as they come down San Felipe past Kirby.
Oracle supports growth for home improvement group
Just an amazing, amazing day...
thanks! And on fb you said you're working on Nickelodeon... Which show?!
« tryna get two jobs for the summer so i can get some wheels and have money in the bank» two jobs =no life, endless tire
Only cuz we had to do a project.
Someone sould tweet me. Im bored and i wanna talk to someone
I think I wud become a vegetarian 1st lol :)
Ease of use, flexible on-iPad editing, alt file uploading (i.e. Dropbox), variety of high-quality transition options, etc.
34 days! OMG,
Volleyball? What's this, Ina?
“: HTOWN! Where yall at?” hiding from your illiterate ass
New to twitter! Gotta figure this thing outt. (:
We know there is a recession going on right now. That's why we are giving you 19 bands for only $12!! You won't find a better deal anywhere!
Happiness is not needing stitches for my latest abrasion! LOL I am such a mess with cuts and bruises lately... Happiness is being alive!!!
I thought writing was easier than making a film. little did i know.....
It's a shame Rod Blagojevich can't stay and enjoy the weather...
In Darkness Let me Dwell is Dowland's most moving among many moving works
oh gawd that will take forever for me!!!
Who got the album yesterday/today? I got it on
Glad to know Jimmy Iovine passed on the Flashdance soundtrack and is still worth $400 million.
Can't wait for this trip to the islands *^▁^*
Yes! It's so exciting. I'll look forward to giving you a tour. I hope your writing is going well. xo
Impress your date tonight. Bring her to in !
Thanks for the #shoutout Happy
Please follow my twitter. I've wanted to be a rapper ever since I could talk. It'd mean the world to me.. I'll follow anyody back.
“: Not working again today” you have a job? Mind blown
sorry #occupychicago, if you were #teaparty, the police would leave you alone & none would go to jail. Yay...justice. Yay..."democracy".
Even though I act like I don't mess wit him..
She said he sound like Dave
sweet!! Nice job man!
Good night Nutella... I will see you in the morning.... :-)
Had a good nye with my baby 💋
Good luck to everyone going to state in jacksonville.
Ok, thanks.
I think the uncle he is referring to is Sam.
Being on my period is the excuse I use to be a bitch
now im really regreting not going to the botdf concert today!!:/
RT : one thing that bothers me is that blk women can't seem to come together & respect each others space. y u gotta hate?
Michelle Obama is giving her husband a fierce introduction. Right now at the Obama campaign rally in Ohio. Barack!
Thanks. Resent!
It's a hands in the pocket kind of day
Just got done eating #subway YUUMM it's the best eating place on the planet!!
Great #followfriday peeps!
One of those loonnnggg days.
I will NEVER forget the old Austin
Sad. My absolute favorite modcloth jacket (wuthering delights) is no longer available. Not that I could have bought it, but, still.
love you too! #ethics makes me a #sadtommy though
China has more English speakers than the united states does
I need Justin in my pants. Like now.
work. grad school. ebayinggg. lotsa fun. eyes on the prize!!
One of my favorite things is to hide my toys and then act like I need help finding them. It makes my humans think they are heroes.
aww I miss you too! It's a shame we can never meet up lol
I always appreciate a super strong 1pg resume with a link to a LinkedIn profile with all the detail if I want to dig further.
Men never remember, but women never forget.
Good Morning Tweeties!!!! 😘
Head still spinning from today's amazing HealthCa.mp. Thx !
exactly. I was in the zone of not being able to distinguish nausea from hunger. I choose wisely! Feel much better.
Education IDAs started by people with a community college education were most likely to increase their education
why aren't you here!
Looks like the mixer is takin' a break.
Celeb sightings so far: Patton Oswalt, Tony Shalhoub, and some guy named Paul who's in a show on the CW.
oh ok...cool..thats good..awesome sauce!!! Wassup tho? :)
Also, the show is still only 2 episodes old. So many shows take far longer to become watchable.
Man . I Promised I Wouldnt Tell .. && I'm NOT -- But I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DUDE ASS AT ALL.
Over 75% of women and a growing percentage of men color their hair.
Are we done with the severe weather? has your forecast at 11 on
Just read your great article about Batman. Definitely made me think about my favorite hero and why I find him interesting.
we should meet up sometime!!
Will do.. Going through beats now RT Ay bruh. Hit me up with whatever you need for that mixtape.
I feel your pain.
i hug my mom on mother's day and she automatically assumes i want money?........i mean, i'll take it if she's offering.......
Thank you Curtis!!
Up at 3am for a 7am flight now leaving at 9am. Which means there's a good chance I'll miss my connection at DFW. Good morning to you too.
oh yes!:) and ive also been unsuccessfully trying to write:P
Apr 27,1942: Colville: "I gave Christopher Soames a lecture on not appearing to have too much of the PM's ear. Dangerous for his future."
Just serving lunch to BCG...
i told u that u aint miss nuthin anyway trust me
midnight run? Sure. Lord, speak to my heart and open my mind
report cards done. t-minus 2 days…can't wait <3
Alamo Preshow DVDs. Released in volumes. Get on that. Ever yours, Rockie.
YES. OMFG I TOLD HER THAT I COULDNT DATE HARRY COS HES DATING LOUIS&SHE WAS LIKE "yeah I thought so he's got a great butt"xD
Tony's Southern Fried Chicken tonight at both Hyde Park Bar & Grill locations. Chicken so good we treat it like a controlled substance!
Tuesday Morning Football cause this is the most amateur game for penalties...
RT : There is a striking set of on the stage at Antone's tonight...// makes them look even more purdie
That's still 400 million people, which isn't bad. If anything it sounds like too many.
Tyga meets mr. Miyagi: racks on racks off
Absolutely, loving it!
Rivarly game at Musky tongiht at 7:30 PM. Let's keep it rolling boys.
i'm super stoked! stay tuned for pics :)
YALL FOLLOW MY DOG --->
that's fantastic
yeahh, i know what you meann .
thank you, Richard!
My grandma passed on May the 17th. Today's date. She was 100% italian and the most beautiful woman i knew inside and out. #iloveyou <3
listening to "my shiny teeth" is always a good idea.
I can't wait to watch it!
Awwwh thank you ;)
geez man.
the evening and weekend games are obviously a better choice for everyone...no distractions :)
Yes, it's a good feeling when you can level up 9 times in a single round of drop zone!
So many new tweeps from - thank you! Looking forward to tweeting with you all :). Good luck.
Time for this guy to go home
well dresses like a lady, but you are the REAL Hottie :D
Gotta agree! Our bbys never let us down. heheheh
This love has taken it's toll on me, she's said goodbye too many times before.
Round Table discussion up next with Tim Golden, Brandon Fears, Stephen Shultz, Peter Ulrik Groth
I am following you!
Wahh I just got this. Next time!
Of course! Actually, all of it was from my wishlist; I have 200 items there, which is crazy.
Don't forget to post about the MLB playoffs. Where are all the pissed Philly fans and nervous Yankee fans? Let it all out at FailFL.com
I need to thank my wife for a wonderful dinner. Let's get ready for tomorrow
Hopefully all of our classes give us a study guide so that we know what to study for the midterms.
Maybe you should give a copy of "Walt's Greatest Worship Moves" DVD. Then again.....maybe not! :-)
I'm good! Just in the middle east lol and followed!!!
your mad crazy yoo! ben and jerrys is the shit :D
“Paintings&poetry, music&fashion, design&dialogue, they all define who we are as a people.” Michelle Obama
Yes, I am the moron who just pressed the assistance button twice on the inbound Belmont platform thinking it was the heater switch
Havent been in ere for a while lol
The #VA General Assembly is too busy disenfranchising women & gays to pass effective legislation. I'm glad we have our priorities in order.
M&A Tip of the Day-Selling your business? Make sure your seller's disclosures are filled out and signed. It's for your own protection!
#EVERYONE follow me #HURRY #
Childish Gambino is that nigga dude.
thank you!!! we're very excited. thank you for coming by! ^jv
what are you looking forward to on the iphone 5?
Heavens above - I've been on a paper writing spree, both at work and for school. Thank goodness AIM taught me how to type back in the day.
"You think you crazy? I'll show you crazy...TRY ME BITCH!!!" -Bey ": "You came into my house you touched my child""
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.- Pablo Picasso
Trying to schedule something for when I make it to LA, but don't know date yet. Did two phone ones, so this will be onsite.
The GTWT girls were up bright and early for the 7:00am Adelante Mujer Latina Conference. Taking control of their futures!
Only one week in Tally & I've picked up such a bad habit! 😳
Boy: Will the water cool the acid down in your stomach or will the acid cool the water down?
but did he at least support students' constitutional right to carry concealed weapons??
MT : SM needs to be an integral part of a campaign. Can't make a FB page & walk away, will lose people
U GOT SOME OF THE MOST VISOUS EAR BANGERS OF ALL TIME HOW MUCH FOR A BEAT BRUH
Oh well, live life with no regrets.
Our front loading washing machine shakes the house more than a 4.6 eathquake.
Just made 3 of my lists public to help others on twitter. I would love any suggestions for additional people or organizations to be added!
you're welcome 😃
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn.
Thanks for the recommendations!
nice to meet you too! Have a safe trip back and come see us again soon!!
Nearly filled a shredder cleaning obsolete copies of things from my desk.
yea. what you lookin for in specific?
it's on it's way to surely (:
Great snack idea! RT : I love frozen grapes!
Me too!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That Meeting New People Isnt As Bad As It Seemd
yeah, yeah that's what the all say..
That's what she said.
track mobile phone GPS location, incoming and outgoing smartphone event log information and send it to an on-line secure website.
iPhoto for iOS is now available from the App Store; downloading it as we speak, review to follow. If you've installed it, what do you think?
Happy birthday x3
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 44
Now I just rock a polo and call it a day lol
Trey, I was like yo trey, do you think you can buy me a bottle of rosay
Money on my face
#IGotToASchool With people I barely talk to ... Me and my niggas is nobodies
This one of those times i Wish I had a big family
This nigga goes so hard in the paint that Home Depot doesnt have enough paint to cover him
Kamala : Who is your favorite wrestler of all time? Hashtag #GOAT”
Any plans to add vegan option and ability to log into account on the mobile app soon?
Praying for all my Texas people. I miss that state so bad, especially under circumstances like this...
how did i misspell busy twice in the same sentence?
Enjoying a book and a surprisingly good cup of coffee on the train to Boston!
“: 4hr and countin till I get flexed on 💪💪💪” ya you will get flexed on
Mom: I got you some megablocks Me: I wanted Legos Mom: They are the same thing Me: NO
You are most welcome! Happy to connect with you!
National tour announced today to start in 2013. No dates yet.
now he's just Joe...smh
Home stretch of mixing "Christmas Time Is Here (and Chanukah and the Solstice)." Title song w/ gorgeous orchestra, "Let It Snow," much more.
really great hearing you speak after the #showingup screening- thank you for being an actor friendly and supportive CD!
What song is stuck in your head today?
chachi r u gana watch jersey shore tonight?
go stuff your face with McDonald's breakfast m
u r fucking hot!!!
I gotta admit, that was a clutch shot by Kobe.
RT : Getting so excited - will be accepting submissions soon! Keep an eye out for ways to share your journeys!
It's not over yet but it looks like it will be #LAKINGS #yotes in the Conference Finals.
Wow...Canada???lol
Today I'm living in a cloud
Past guests include
worth more than $1..they're yummy.
Read, read, read. It's the story of my life.
My jam of the day is Cee Lo Green's "Fool For You" featuring Melanie Fiona
I know it's obvious, but can I just say — having 3 NBA teams in one city is dumb.
Come into #sandwichmeinchicago for a delicious lunch alternative in
We have not released any songs yet as we're waiting to get a vocalist. But yes we definitely will have some of those.
I DIDN'T IT'S COOL...U DOING WHAT YOU SUPPOSED TO BE DOING...YOU AIN'T WRONG HOMIE
In Gaza zoo, stuffed animals join live ones
Who gives a fuck RT Stopped at McDonalds for a milkshake. Couldn't find a Dairy Queen in this part of DSM.
. Do you have any archaeological or art history online sources on ancient fish symbols connected to the goddess Themis?
Sittin here listening to #Yes the #Fragile album. And collecting a list or random stuff for some person.
yeah GG will be nuts next season can't wait!
Listening to Josh Wilson. Remember when we hung out with that dude at Cherokee? Those were fun times! I miss that.
shure I can
How rude. Welp it is a concealed weapon after all.
Easier said than done! But I guess that's why it's a mantra! Thanks!
Who is ? Hilarious. Spent the last 20 minutes reading their tweets. I had NO IDEA wore granny panties!?
Negative campaigns!!! Is this what America needs??? Don't we have enough negativity in this country???
The first screening for the 48hour project entries starts in 3 min. and half my popcorn bag is gone.
God I wish I knew how to quit you
awesome! I will projector that video this evening!
Who got words with friends on here send me user name
ok - ROCKED
True, but many ppl actually use their names It's amazing the personal stuff ppl post on Facebook. I say keep it professional
#SANANTONIO WE #TAKINOFF this about to go down and
Seriously, see how many members of Congress would sign "No Meet With Corp Lobbyists Pledge". Edwards & Sanders?
Hope it helps. I find a good run (well actually a good sweat) usually helps clear out congestion for me!
#random. But i wanna go to a spa.
love you Brooke! I had an awesome time too! :)
Happy Sunday morning... getting ready to head to St. Sabina for worship. Put God first in your lives!
thank you so much Melanic. The people really enjoyed you. I hope I can be of help to you in the future.
Anniversary Ride TONIGHT! 6pm meetup at the shop, then a ride around the East Side, then beer @ Von Trier! Come ride with us!
I sware everytime that I see you, I feel more and more happier, and everything feels right with you and only you<3!:)
Aw finally said they love me back lol.That must have been cash that said it "shh but we love you a lil more" YUP sounds like CASH
That is awesome! Congrats =)
thanks for the follow
Blessings always come to those that move thru life with good intentions...
That was the most beautiful phone call ever <3 my baby I adore him :)
I wouldn't do that for him.
You are most welcome. Much love. ~Justin & Matt
The best feeling... knowing you have nothing to do tomorrow and can sleep in al day :)
how dare you...
at #occupytheweb, first hackathon for a social movement. Ready to make icons!!!!
What's your least favorite day to receive emails from companies marketing to you?
this is amazing!!!! you always send me the best cat stuff :)
its an obsession? the intrigue?
Memphis can't make a shot
with respect to what? Where? And when?
It sucks how society judges people by their looks rather than their interests or personality.
Creative - Never underestimate the value of quality creative writing
thanks it worked.
Atlanta won! Woo! And Chargers just about won too! :]
Did you know the Seattle Human Services Department funds 16 food bank sites across Seattle?
I'm not gonna be wearing this man shoes and I'm playing against him.
Just realized i dnt have anything to do.! Ugh! Boring Saturdays.. =(
Play ball! It's opening day!!
Ha just realized this..once you stop caring about what people think; life is so much more fun. Went hard tonight baby.
#Romney holds 7 pt. lead over #Santorum in #VermontPrimary. Lead a lot slimmer than expected.
it's cold, child! What r u thinking?!?!?
"lay-ups build character"
Love that blog.
Learned this from when I was in 5th grade got a zero on an essay and looked at it and told trey...."looks like a titty" haha
Ever attend an big awards event and realize you were only one there NOT being honored?
lmao shut up
Excellent! Where do you live? Hard tho not impossible to keep chickens in the city - I keep frogs, salamanders, fish, & dog
And never once absented when presenting!
idk but he just posted some funny ass shit... or at least i thought it was.
Anyone eaten at Barney's Beanery in West Hollywood on 66? Planning an itinerary for the trip next summer and looks like a great meal.
I'm excited too! This is going to be fun.
Thanks for having us! We had a blast!
I wish it rained everyday for at least a week so i could catch up to and his friggin tan.
Little sister's 6th grade graduation tomorrow (:
Thanks for your support Staci. Enjoy 15% off a Medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/1/12.
same here. it's intimidating! take heart: RWL is much-loved at c4l. many props will be given.
they are really great :) Hm no nothing special here.. I'm going to hang out with a few friends later ;)
Jordan and Barkley here
RT : Against all odds: Her collection of intensely feminine dresses and shapely tailored jackets and skirts co-design......
Listening to trying to get myself pumped for this exam.
Ou jerseys are sweet!
thanks for giving my friend a follow! He's new to it all!
And playing plo is mistake #2 right?
Overdrive's Digital Bookmobile will be @ Galleria Lib TODAY, 12-6! Curious about eReader buzz? Here's your chance to hear from the experts!
CCAS' Noureddine Jebnoun on 's Situation Room today at 5pm EST talking to about
#YouKnowItsTheEndOfTheSchoolYearWhen Gutierrez starts wearing his Hawaiian shirts
Thanks for the follow! , ,
3pm matinee today of #IAmMontana. Then just 4 more chances left to catch it before we close next weekend!
Oh fuk yeah! It's on! {RT : because you and I are gonna rage right???
awww sorry, i got caught up flirting with other girls lol.... but here's yours (((( ))))) love ya!
Drunk squirrel? Sadly, no. Found an injured squirrel by my home. Another neighbor came out w/a box and took it to
If her claps turn into applause
Goodmorning !<3 guess where im tweeting you from (;? If you guessed band your right ;) aha
Great interview! We'd luv 2 show u how our ePortfolio captures evidence of credentials & informal learning.
what was the debate?
Fresh watch Dontari. you gunna rock that tomorrow??
great to meet you earlier today. Wonderful community at
I'm going to watch GI Joe: Rise of Cobra while waiting for my agent to call. Thanks #channingtatum for being there for me. Don't judge.
Hope we get some overtime games in the playoffs.
i might have to do it tomorrow because its super quiet in my house and ill wake everybody up!
Tough to choose a favorite for me...
That's one of those strange ones that just doesn't make any sense...
Or not enough
#tech2012 nobody wants big govt., but important limited role. Not a b&w issue of regulation vs. deregulation.
is hilarious
Make an appointment today. We soon will be accepting insurance, right now we only accept cash patients (cash, money order, debit/credit).
Can people live in space? Yes. Can we live on a planet that has resources, water and an atmosphere we can convert? YES
thanks for the mention!
Yea, I don't typically like him in other people's stuff. But this sounds great.
who do you see?
You know the drill. Dance for the GEAR. Dance like you've never danced before. For Freedom. For Life. For Love. For GEAR...
For craft soda pop nerds, try Henry Weinhard's classic Black Cherry Cream soda. It's cream soda w/ a twist, just in time for
First day back at work. London is nice and gloomy today.
Sometimes I feel like cussing out a celebrity!
shower in your tears
have a safe trip back! look forward to catching up w/ you. still kinda bummed i missed public media camp... /
“: working lol..also we're using ur gear in Que's new video soon”<-- Thats Sick Right There. When U Shootin
No prob, tell us how you like it!
Fresh from the ochean : shrimps on the barbie
Live, Work, Shop in Dundalk Maryland. Want great crabs go to Jimmy’s Seafood at. 6526 Holabird Avenue Baltimore, MD 21224 (410) 633-4040
Congrats #Yotes fans. Good luck in the next round. Sincerely,
thanks dawg!!! Super stoked!
Sometimes my grandma can be so annoying. Don't get me wrong I love her but she's just so irritating sometimes... Urggg. -___-
Thanks love.. Following.. ;)
Thru Chpt 4 of SWB edits. Terrible headache. This is what happens when you realize 1st Person POV isn't the best decision. Reversible, tho'.
small world! :)
I hate this job.
Has anybody ever tried to call the ph# on the side of Walter's Van for Sobchek Security in The Big Lebowski?
oh...I'm seeing 3 rockets at Wallops....AWESOME!!!
Never try open a door that is locked at school, with your head. Hahahah xD.
Thanks Lee!
I bet Little Miss Tap is pissed. lol
Inbox: Gov. Cuomo nominates former Gov. Paterson to the Board of the MTA.
RIP Friedrich Kittler
The glorious days is gone, and everybody's doin' bad Yo, mad lives is up for grabs Brothers, passin away, I gotta make wakes
THAT'S THE TERM! LOL. You just schooled me. I think you should do like Beyonce & make a concept video for every song!
I sent you a DM because I didn't want to tweet it just in case it would spoil it for someone.
Intellectuals solve problems; Geniuses prevent them. ~Albert Einstein
bulldawg for sure. Had to been using green & gold color scheme, no doubt.
t!n $h!t b!tcH? cause I'll fuck you up hoe~
At lunch blah so bored ! Haha tweet me .
it was might first trip. I sprung for the Sinatra.
Come on Idaho Senate! I can't WAIT to spend that whole $71 in tax relief I'm gonna get! </sarcasm>
What's the price of the new Curtis Gold Cup brewer? Anyone?
I can understand how someone who was a slave to fashion would be mortified by appearing in public wearing clothing or a hairstyle...
take #RacingForm here #2 at the meadows
I smell stickers.
Of course, my account would run out during the three days my credit card is being replaced. Boo for ads and no on-the-go music.
You're a very pretty woman, would love to see you on the big screen one day. Good luck!
#InAGhettoHousehold their are bags filled with cans to recycle
Thank you, thank you.
RT : (910): It's amazing I mean I blew that senator just for him to deny me marriage.... Politics suck and he swallowed!
Miss You A Lot :( Wish I Could Talk To You :( I Misses My Ju-On #2 :) Cuddles Misses Officer DominguEz :P He Can't Stop Crying :P
We are doing great! How are you guys?
#Seahawks rookie RT James Carpenter (torn ACL) out for rest of season
could you please follow me TE AMO!!!!
RT Starting Monday I will officially be contributing to rush hour traffic as a full time employee #endofjobsearch #happy!
These last past years turned me to a Monster with flows...Typical
He's not followin me Rt : RT if Niall isn't following you. (I'm gonna follow some of you, must be following me <3)
I like Bey, but I love Solange. I love how unfiltered she is. She says/does what's in her heart.
Watching Mob Wives with Viggle Sun | 5PM | VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Words hurt. It's also the actions that follow.
Yes! And then post a photo!
Where the hoes ?
Leaving school early 😜 >
#MyFavoriteText I was wrong. You were right.
I am saying a prayer for you because you need some tremendous help. May God have mercy on your soul.
If Romney wants to attract young voters, he'll get rid of old has beens like Ted Nugent
i dont know the tittle. i love almost all of them lmao
taylor swift should've won. this is ridiculous.
You're welcome--now as well under 'Fundamentals'
The secret phrase is "Nunc est bibendum" by the way. Just remember: awesome responsibility.
They're not just for looking pretty. Adjust the mirrors and radio "before" you start driving.
Your smile is upside down... RT FATabul0us_Lola 😒
I'm in the same boat. I'm probably going to have no more than 3 hours of sleep :(
Consider, voicing your opinion on this link site, it is important, specially for those of us in Chicago. chicagocitizens.uservoice.com
Fuck school Tomorrow, keys bound 😁
next up for me is Segmentation and Personalization. You?
we could all do a hangout in google+ perhaps?
Ha! Just as I suspected - there is no such word as, "verbage." Why all of a sudden do people seem to be using it everywhere?? ?
never!!! Ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever(:
all I've eaten today is jalepeno chips and a cup of chili.
except Holliday isn't a point guard
If you have come down with the flu and the doctor says you have the twitterbug! you might be a digital redneck!
Standin out in the rain
That's a good thing though!
You now have a goal & begin to set up steps to get to it. Sometimes it helps to figure the steps backwards, sometimes forward. You decide.
Our Development Committee met last night and we have good news to report- we're already 96% of the way to our fiscal year goal!
And I love my breakfast but it doesn't make me want cold pizza or doughnuts any less.
eNjOyiNg mY tIme with K.k.K wHiLe the ReAL MrS. RAMIREZ spends some QT with her HUBBY...!
Crazy hOw yu cant even trust ya bestfriend.
#HarryPotterFilmFinale can't wait to get it!
You want everything
We have ties for your fathers day gift! thesilktie.com
Yall can't fuck wit the police lol # in my day-day voice
Wait - your socks are marked left and right?
he's not a hypocrite. He believes life starts at conception so he's protecting the baby. Make fun of his beliefs: not hypocrite.
It's a great re-invention of the game! RT 3 words: Angry. Birds. Space.
Back in Chicago. No need to throw a parade Mr. Emanuel. I know you're strapped for cash. #i'mahumbleman.
Well goodnight twitter, not feeling so well in a lot of pain :(
if you say you're ready to make change, you're the right person to make that change happen.
And the PRESIDENT just mentioned in a tweet! Anybody want to send us happy hour booze now!
just wanted to say we got tickets to your show and cant wait to see you.. at SHOWARE IN KENT WA /WOULD LOVE TO MEET YA!!!
Lunchtime and I feel good!! It's hot as hell but im so happy!!
S/0 to my lil cousins : I want y'all to play on my church basketball team! Y'all down?
“: watching rap music videos.” my life, your entertainment #truelife:ifilmrapmusicvideos
Hahaaa my fat metal friend!
idk, his mustache might be cooler than yours
Adele should have the option of donating her extra speech time to needy acts like the Foo Fighters
Reality is that which persists. Which exists in all periods of time. Remains the same in the past, present and future.
yeah okay, well im gonna have quite an early night so i can sleep in the hotel because i wanna be quite bubbly in the car!
Hey big john...ever get the cable fixed?
Thanks for my science scholarship honoring alum/astronaut Judith Resnik, who died in Challenger explosion 25 yrs ago today.
My wife and I have a similar understanding: me with the books, her with the shoes. :)
This is cool. Related, doesn't Captain America seem like he would be a DC character?
Thank you! We hope it helps you connect with books and authors & we're here to help if you need anything!
You're welcome Matt and thanks! We've enjoyed working with you the past 6 years! www.think-arch.com
Movee fat Panda :)
www.FreeXpedia.com #1 site for: Flights,Hotels,Car-Rentals,Cruises,Vacations,Great Travel Deals,Travel Resources,Tickets,Attractions, & more
not helping...
ehh it's alright just miss playing futbol
Go #bearcats! All of #Cincy is behind you! Xavier can have Norwood...
We'll see who will be saying yolo when I'm rich and employed and you are my maid... Have fun ruining your life✌👍
Kid doesn't know what mountain of vegetables (think the Alps) she will have to pass through first.
At a great workshop with in New Orleans for NeighborWorks.
I am one of the first members!! C'mon all sign up! You are already an
You are so good to get out your newsletter once a week! What is your secret?
#Barrack said that if he had a son he would look like Treyvon.
cleaning up the studio after construction so I can get back to work.
We are Broadcasting LIVE inside CLUB EMPIRE with Homie Marco and DJ Mister E! 410 and Culebra - It's THE ONLY place to be at tonight!
My internet connection or stinks tonight. Just got logged out of game, so I think it's the latter.
Swagg champ I got the BELT!!! That SnapBack with the snake skin you damn right I'm feelin myself!!!
Ass soo fat I need a lap dance !
Mom is home from the hospital! WOO HOO! I told everybody she'd beat cancer, she's a Woman Of STEEL... She's from PITTSBURGH, BABY!!
Thanks! : congrats to on 7 years of delicious, beautiful food-blogging!
awesome have fun using them
On the burner - ASHINA (SHE-WOLF) a horror story - remember the name, you'll be screaming it later ;)
just got done making da og boo dirty shes a freak remix beat
Looking forward to another exciting WI sports weekend! #gobrewers #gobadgers and #gopackers!! :)
Can you please tell everyone this is my new official twitter.
They judged everyone who walked in that house. That's why I stopped going.. And their perverted comments.
Informal research: athlete endorsements - the good bad and ugly. What are your thoughts on them? Do indiscretions really matter in the end?
Need to get MIA for the weekend.#$@%&
We have a full house starting from today and the rest of the weekend! Restaurant week is making us __________! (fill in the blank)
We are on a roll!!! We sent 297 people to set including: Persons of Interest Savannah Grant New Years Eve Smash
Hope your Tuesday is rocking along! Love those images on Instagram. A study of harbor life.
Enjoying getting to see my brother David Lewis leading in his element. Grateful to be playing banjo/mando/dulcimer at Living Hope this AM
That's the best way. Why waste time organizing and cleaning something Google canmanage better with its search?
looks fun!
hand up
LOL my mom "you can plan your wedding but leave the math to me." budget? What's that?
"What does who I am and who I am not mean in terms of what I want to accomplish in life?" Heather Haas Advisa
Holy crap. I love your photo.
Go n follow my other account
true that, just fly above all the drama
If you don't have dreams, they can't be crushed
Retweet & tell your friends to follow ! We'll keep you up to date with events in Africa and opportunities to volunteer!
I hate
You're welcome. Keep up the good work.
I am actually dining at Selma's with imaginary He was at Sheetz... or maybe the bookstore.
drinking orange crush and taking shots of washington apples! Partying with the white boys tonight in NC!!
Romney's tax returns are so straightforward he only needs four lawyers on a conference call tomorrow to defend them. RT
Omg....not sure, but that sounds awful :(
you are a wise man; we won't miss each other. Hasta nunca, bodoque.
Know you're having an amazing time - can't wait to hear all about it!
"These are not the tests you're looking for."
Announcement over #Palomar PA system: SDG&E is on campus trying to determine problem.
We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. –E. M. Forster
#weightofthenation People who don't commute by car, but walk/bike are healthier.
I feel like Starbucks has turned into a junk food pusher- you can't buy a coffee without being offered a sweet...I need a new coffee place
Ran the toughest 2 miles in the Santa Monica Mountains - the Luna Loop!
we'll make that dinner up to you ! Have fun 😁
Its a lifestyle
Watch me be tired in like 5 minutes
Have a happy weekend, Colincito!
Oh, and if you're interested in going to see my band play in Wareham on Saturday, my mom will be driving if you wanna come with us! $10 tix!
I see it. Thanks!
Established actors offended by a 2nd, after working w/dir. in 1st. Demand respect. Talented actors can do this. We're busy right :)
I want you to go up to them and tell them, "Bianca said you was a BUM and you will get nowhere in life. Bum."
Playing Angry Birds while wearing an Angry Birds band-aid. I should be more embarrassed about being 2 and 1/2 years behind the curve.
I'm down for any chance to see Channing Tatum.
excuse me do I know u??? Where u been?
whats the plan :)
We're looking at the highest attendance ever for #wcreno tomorrow! Thanks everyone!
In the studio with Johnnie Miller going in on a R&B tune. PreHook and Hook are done now let's get the rest of it and build that catalog!!
It's expected to be about the same for Sunday's game that starts at 4 p.m. local time
they saw US One DIrection?
. See, Lynne? I tweeted something good. You taught me this many years ago (wink). Tweet something good, you said.
Did you say Rabbit Rabbit this morning?
Overdosing on ADD/ADHD medications can cause irregular heartbeat, sweating, vomiting, and uncontrolled movements.
Mayor Bieter to kick off Let's Move Boise! and dedicate the city's 2nd Mobile Rec Van 11a.m. today at Owyhee Park, 3400 W. Elder St.
good luck to your Phillies after this weekend. You at least have to appreciate the great ballpark though??
Wait there's more!
Of course. Couldn't be more poignantly messed up.
yes yes you are cough*harrystyles* cough :). So was up
My butt hurts..
i smell good :) LOL.
what should i do?
shuuu know it!
Those wedding photos are beautiful with that photographer. I love it!
oh I second that one! #drhottie 😘
ah gotcha, was it good? the only reason you should watch Garden State is if you are in the mood for a good cry
Damn, that's horrible. Lol.
LA can't On my way! To NYC just left FL
RT : #linc - getting ready for a terrific conference - can't wait to see customer/friends!
Heading back to Boston in a week to get moved into the apartment :) an 18-hour drive is gonna be a LONG one...
Now available square 3inch LED recessed downlight ,fully adjustable and lockable,wide range of trims & trimless option,18watt consumption
heat. All heat.
RT The pessimist complains about the wind. The optimist expects it to change. The leader adjusts the sails. - John Maxwell
i will try, but i have a lot to do
Thanks for the #FF mentions!
When you assume, you make an ASS out of U and ME.
Georgetown is 144 acres. Only would know that...
now that is gone the real party can start! (Why'd it take her so long to leave? sheesh!)
Looking forward to my first cup o' coffee and prioritizing my day's activities. Whoa, there's a lot to do! LIfe is full.
Seriously. Xref and Trac are prime examples of design by developer.
“: It's easy to live with someone when that someone is ” Barf...
We'll be at the National Night Out Celebration tonite at Helen Makle Park 2600 Block of Edmondson Ave. Free Food, Prizes, Music and more!
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
So, you dated Jeremy, right? he's my bestfriend's bro c:
lol not that part but the everything else is suppose to be funny.
test - Kimber Ball Milled Slim Grips 1911 Officer, Compact Ambidextrous Safety Cut Micarta Black - MidwayUSA
welcome :) way more info in that one lol
i now have a new ITALIAN SUIT. also i got $24629 this month! it was very easy all thanks to www•reportmoney•net for teaching me how
Thanks for the follow as well - we've got your premiere on our calendar.
Made it home safe enjoyed working with you today!! See u soon!!
On the 40+ day of 100 degree weather my air conditioner said to me...CRASH!!
i see what he tryn to do...
they laughed. We are talking diversity & I was asked how do you identify myself. Just had this talk yesterday too
Sorry, I dont have enough time to hate you as much as you hate me. I'm just to busy Loving the people that love me.
We can be heroes just for one day
Week in Style Blake Lively stunned in a cobalt blue suit —with no shirt! See which others stars made us lust after their wardrobes (we 'r
I say whatever I want, when I want, hoe. RT : “: don't tell what to do” HAHAHA 💘
RT : In 10 minutes, is scheduled to start interviewing President Obama. What will he say about gay marriage?
#20ThingsAboutMe 7.) I have a really big red birth mark on my thigh -__-
Animal cruelty is the worst.
Excuse me. I have been informed that West Florida Seminary has been renamed The Florida Military and Collegiate Institute.
do you have any fingernails left this early into the #brewers season
Tnxs for thr RT, are you coming to the food truck lunch?
Ask my partner
oh!! Haha so you're blaming a community over one person? ;P
yes, will show soon..
chewing on dis pussy like a piece of bubblegum
Just had mcdonalds..damn do i wish they had delivery..
My lil girl basketball games are the best she scored 28pts....:-) 13yrs old 5'9.... The world better watch out
Thanks for that post... I really needed it
Naw that bitch b naked lol
amazing weather! walked around #davissquare and today :)
Huh. A bunch of people just showed up in the library and headed towards the computer lab. I wonder who sent them over?
I will chat with from National Football Post in regard to free agent rookies at 230pm
Good luck & TY to Team CIS runners tomorrow in the Livestrong Austin Half/Full Marathon! Our waterstop is at Mile 4. We'll cheer u on!
the question is who gon stop me?
Seems to me like someone has been watching too much TBBT and taking on the role of Howard... Love you Kaley ♥
very true...same for the flooding in the Dakotas during the winter months.
haha nope it seems legit!
iMeet cites a case study where inside sales staff increased conversions by 40% just by using a web cam in sales calls
Essentially Buddha teaches us to be our own psychologist
Do tell!!
REalizing that live-tweeting brain surgery would be hard... lots of big words.
ok Sorry
thanks so nothing but god
It's Friday night. Take a deep breath and relax.
He's getting his PhD at Kings College currently. I'll tell him to keep an eye out for you too.
you order eggs. i ask for chicken fetuses
Today I swam in Coeur d'Alene lake, rode quads hard, ate a feast, played some music and lost at pool twice. Thanks K Whit and family.
Time to get this shit together
I'm happy to! I've never been to Detroit but now I get to see the DSO live. Sounds incredible so far!
Booked a music video for the amazing band Liars. Very excited.
why are you tweeting on vacation?
Thanks for the info, seems to be so many fuzzy butts having skin issues this year!
your ideas are amazing! keep 'em coming!
Lots of t-shirt drama this week.
call Ashli and ask about our Sunday #Wedding Discounts (405)879-7015 let her help you plan your budget wedding!!!!
Get Acquainted with BAM Best Practices Using Packt's Latest Oracle BAM Book ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
awesome! I'm going to have to get some of those audio cubes
Plus if you don't participate nor vote, you don't have a voice. Sit the fuck down.
what you really need is a spell check lol ;)
Progress! I am now showered and dressed. Now, hair, make up, costuming, one last run through, and I'm ready.
I'm not sure Maryland weather has caught up with Christmas, it clearly wishes it was still October.
Hulk stole the show, hands down. And I love the CG effects on him. You could see Ruffalo's facial features.
#SEM10 "tricky tricky tricky tricky"
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
I like em black caramel and red!
Concert at 7:00 better be there by 6:30 because of traffic
Toni is the most boring sister ever
NEED A BF. PLEASE
Is watching Dave Letterman man I cant wait to be his show. It's coming soon. Speak it into the world.
Awesome, refreshing day, today. Happy Friday everyone :)
OMG! My mentor went absolutely nuts1day when I 1st got n2 coachin on a group that did that Took the ball&didn't give it bak4a week
did you get a call from Randi today? She wants to know your prices for her wedding.
ahaha! I'm sure you did awesome! :]
I got to see them for the first time at a wedding reception which I wasn't planning on going to.
I obsessed over that movie for like six months when it came out. Inspired me to go on a film noir kick. So great.
I think its impossible to be at atlas without running into at least 1-3 programming friends
Ghetto superstar.
Happy Louboutin Monday!!! Can't believe I am going to get my Loubis signed by the one & only Christian Louboutin himself today!! Amaze.
happy easter and happy birthday to me!! :)
RT : note to self: always go running through african game parks with zebras and warthogs. way more fun that way.
Thinking about the Tempura Green Beans for lunch today!
Why do people own big cars if they can't drive them?
If you have thoughts on #DonnaSummer 's passing and don't mind sharing email me at
Thanks & farewell, splendid MW friends! (Parting would be more sorrowful if many of us weren't going to meet in 10 days at AAM.)
is speaking for the Gates Millennium Scholars - All Male Event at Canyon Springs High School
I guess they're playing a short set at an Admirals game soon. I'd go if I didn't have to sit through an Admirals game.
saw that when i was in SF! Wanted to go in.
Can't put this book down.
Time to see how good this movie 'Immortals' is.
Good, because I LOVE French fries : )
I hate when someone ask if you miss them, when you've only seen them 3 times. like, WTF!
#civilunions #coleg Great to see Hick now show that he cares...
. We're so excited that you're volunteering for ! Don't forget to tell all of your friends!
Follow on the campaign trail with Newt Gingrich in Cleveland
Thanks Chloe! Had a great time in Cape Town. :)
Yes!": #protip: leave extra time to walk to work, especially on a beautiful morning. Changes your mindset for the entire day."
Thinking about it.. Me & #oomf would really be too cute ☺
Hate to hear that. Fall '12 really tough for class space/registration so far. Would recommend mtg w/ adviser to go over options.
Congratulations to Justin Thompson of Juniper Tulsa and the rest of Tulsa Business Journal's 2012 class of The Tulsa 40!
An authentic life is the most personal form of worship
why don't you have to go to school?
I bet ain't no clubs gonna book With that million dollar fee smh
Kaylie: "2005, that's the year I was born.." wait... Little girl, that's the year I graduated grammar school
you had me at #dorkshorts. I think I'm in love.
I laughed out loud to that one
I don't think it has anything to do with collective bargaining. 86yrs old, might not be safe or physically able. Find some logic.
lol! You watching Harry? That's funny... I like wizards n witches!
Great game!!! Not bad for a BCC team that had never played together.
Kacie B. has that scary good looking/not good looking thing about her. Yuck.
Jackson is now berating the CFO because the district spent about $100k more than it was allowed to (I think) bit confusing
yuss! i have to get up at 6 and its alrapeady almost 12 :/
Bird By Bird by Anne Lamott. It's mostly about fiction writing but a fun, insightful read.
So did they just forget about ?? It's still in Beta and I want the rest of the books to come out!
Hi Miss Vicki hou r u? Follow back. Need to DM you. thx
Oh, Thanks for ditching me you so called friend..
spill the beans! ;)
Yep. Go Pacers!
Madison get ready...Snow beginning late tonight, eventually winding down late Thursday night.Snow accumulations, 6 to 8 inches.
That can't be good... That and your ability to handle vast quantities of liquor were your only real strong suits lol
Hi im Chelsea :)
Almost on my level
Check It!!! www.SquE-Z.com
Haha! Thank you, thank you! We have yummy mocha cuppiecakes in the office.....
