OMG, IM SO HAPPY
Good morning y'all
Back at you Ken!
What are some free music downloading sites THAT WORK.?
whys the link no worky
It's how our relatives entertain us during those icy winters in Saskatoon.
I try. No one answers. I always get voicemails and no one returns my call.
The secretary reading Nietzsche in The Birdcage
thank you
Safely arrived in lovely Monaco! Will meander around the city and probably play a turbo tonight.
for indiana?
how are things going for you?
That #idgaf attitude right now »»»
TysonProperties thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How are you guys doing these days?!? Hit me up!
He does. I love him so much. Your day will come, babe. :)Well. I really need to go to bed. I have school tomorrow. G'night.
That saying, "men are dogs", good grief I wish they were! Loyal, affectionate, playful, funny... Thought I wanted a BF, I just want a dog!
happy mothers day...you inspire and encourage..t/y for the retweet
hahahah I'm not doing hw but I'm busy right now :P dm
hope to see you there. Just landed in houston on my way to austin. Wld be great to catch up
I didnt do anything.
Twolves score award for 3K new season tix at nba awards!
We LOVE you haters!
excited to see yaa there (:
Piano for the score of 's film - "A New Life" with Life is good.
in the px, and he didn't see me.
Tweeting in English with the gurls
I hate people who blame me for shit I didn't do.
Because it is an interesting question - the breaking point for altering historical personages and events - DvL
Clap clap lol RT : ROund of applause baby make that ass clap
What do you mean by that? RT Consider a carbonara pasta.
What is the difference between a flea bitten dog and a bored visitor ?Ones going to itch and the other is itching to go !
I am tweeting via clap bc Im lazy and dont want to sign out. But I laughed when I saw you on this! YESCH!
so the 1D tickets are basically sold out and and and and
yup! Hes here!
We are at tonight 6-8pm. Cask of Kind too. Our pints are $3.50 plus get a FREE logo pint glass.
SLUT FOLLOW AND I? <3
Add sparkle to your apparel. Whether it's Custom T-Shirts, Hoodies, Polos, Long Sleeves. NYC Printing 123 is the leading printing...
NO RULES! NO ONE LIVES HERE!!! #youvebeenwarned p.s. I NEED THE MONEYZZZZ
Don'r forget . Wednesday's at Salute. Wine and live Jazz! Can't bit it!
Spurs will wear you out and frustrate you if you're not 100% focused for 48 minutes
Everyone's scary-positive right now. Our impressiveness frightens me, but I'll take it, nonetheless!
Did you ever end up going to any of the Kraftwerk shows in NYC?
They hate what they don't understand
My friend just asked me "Dont I believe in the after-natural?" The What????
if you want to follow a great MAHOMIE account go follow they follow back :)
Back in the Chi finally!
“: I got the moves like Jagger”
I ain't being critical, but you got the xerox "ill" or "real" individuals, but ain't nothing like the original.......lol
Facebook needs these 3 buttons: "dislike", "who cares?", and "are you an idiot?!" ugh... Ppl sometimes. *rolls eyes*
I wasn't aware of this. Thanks for putting it on my radar. MIT media lab continues to blow my mind.
Unbelievable video: Is this the largest wave ever ridden? bit.ly/veMNES #surfing ( via )
Are Rick Santorum and Ron Paul even at this debate?
Fuck this Essay.
Make plans to be this Sunday night as we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus!
it's going to drive me crazy I'm still trying to get it to upload!
we got some excedrin at our office, I'm not there but someone should be able to help you.
When it's just because you love me You'll let me Maybe
what's good son!
That is still weird. I hope you get royalties at least!
You're single? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. me too.
I hardly ever update this thing anymore! I wish I wasn't so bad at tweeting haha
hey I know you you always order three piece of cheesecake
Dinner with Mom's before the game I Love You
Pinterest has a "value" of over a billion dollars?
Yep my kid is playin baseball.
: Did The Big Dig involve the construction of a new airport named Ligan that is meant to compete with Logan?
Columbus, Ohio ranked 3rd in the WORLD as smartest city by the Intelligence Community Forum...Great job Columbus keep us prospering!
Casting, characters, dialogue all spot-on. RT "Parenthood" cld be best TV drama & Jason Katims the guy who can adapt anything
How is 3 million Vietnamese dying because of our hubris a good thing?
totally busted mine. Ugh.
Me please. RT : Holy Hour tonight. Who wants prayer?
oh really.
I find it funny that so many white ppl on tweeter talk so ghetto and "hard" but in person they would never pull that shit
He isn't a 'Jewish leader'... he thinks he owns small faction in Likud. So, you think Jews shouldn't be allowed Temple Mount?
➽❝The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where one ends, and the other begins?❞ Poe
A mole can dig a tunnel about 300 feet long in just one night!
sold!! Congrats! Well done.
I hear ya Drew!! “: Cat-lanta her we come! Ready to pay back the Hoosiers and go after banner #8. #gr8ness #8pril #gobigblue”
#Pinchat is on right now. Into #Pinterest ? Join and others
I can't watch Azarenka. Her moans are so obnoxious
Q0) This week I've learned that you can't do everything on your own and that you need to ask for help more often.
great to meet you! You were last night?
So using the product means I cannot deplore how it is made? Bullshit.
Thank you soo much! I am so glad you enjoy it!
RT “ "Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth." -- Albert Einstein.”
that's kinda gay bro... Haha jk man I miss ya too. Start hitting me up
I've got a lot of author sites but book specific--not as many. What genre are you looking for? I can probably find some.
Killing mosquitoes like it ain't nobody's business.
Listening to throwback and reading Great Gatsby 👍
I wish everyday was Friday! :B
glad to hear it Justin ..good for you
really would love it if someone could text me.....
First to jump on Twitter, Andrew Luck or #RGIII?
Always trying to throw the POTUS under the bus concerning poor ppl. Such a bitter, hating brother.
NeuroFocus video (on YouTube) is fantastic #ideaseconomy - one for every entrepreneur!
Woohoo! RT : Heading to "the GoLab" (on 6th ) for a couple of presentations and beer garden .
how many times has someone tweeted that? Lol
Yep! Four hours on the plane, the rest in the hanger! The epi is "Mai Ka Wa Kahiko"! Good to see DDK again. He's a great guy.
Team no sleep whey u b lol
imagine can't "ban" but can influence & bad pr 4plyr 2rebel. Hints at NHL dynamic/plyr leverage vs other sports
I don't buy shot glasses, I just use regular glasses and don't fill them up that much. Minimal effort with maximum results.
Definitely thanks!
I guess tomorrow will be a fun day. Let's see.
Just added Poke The Box by Seth Godin to our #Workspring library! Thanks #TAOM!
Loving all your tweets :)
Yeah thats a bummer :/ but thank you we appreciate your support!
Why did God invent economists?So accountants could have someone to laugh at.
Just browsing through some Rocheter people's profiles
Nicolas Cage said he once woke to see a naked man wearing his leather jacket eating a Fudgesicle in front of his bed. Fun.
"L'americano" wins best short film at the Albuquerque Film Festival!!! OMG!
I want more sassy Linda Levy!
Check out "The Ace", Surachi Ace from Brewmaster's Reserve plus 3 more Brooklyn brews for sampling party tonite from 6-8pm
Feeling thankful for the opportunities I have daily
What is with teachers and skits? I do not want to do a skit about the do's and don't of communicating with me from my DISC profile.
is cousin. She's really pretty (: <3
:( another horrific divorce in San Diego with Love/Doyne partners. Money wins - not the children..... Ethical attys. beware.
ss looking forward to this 8 game home stand gonna be a fun 1
Ordering a nicely discounted iPad2 for my parents' 50th anniv. So tempted to treat myself too. Alas, I haven't been married long enough.
Oh, and I was at Goddard two weeks ago. Where were you?
20 LIKES & Ill Put Up A Baby Pic Of Me (:
Do you host any programs yourself?
Nap time.
I'm signing up for this weekend (after payday)!
You did WHAT for HOW MANY jellybeans?! Damn........
I'm following you just based on your handle! I drink Miller Lite
The #Aztecs make a nice run before half but still trail the Broncos 30-32.
Salt all in my wounds
thank you so much!
Have a great coupon code for any followers interested in half off ticket prices for Six Flags!
Yes! RT : Ditto RT : I question my parenting skills daily. Do you know what that means? That means I'm
You don't know you're beautiful.
The iOS Wunderground radio player has a section for Prelinger Archives, but yes -- I agree with you!
Hiding out in the bathroom at work. Have a meeting at 815.
WILL BE LIVE ON APRIL 25! SUPPORT & TEXT "CASH" TO 79922 TO VOTE #CASHINOUT ON 106&PARK"
Just got back from Georgia <3
You can still go to Franklin. Unless you don't want to.
Man I wish the Rangers and Mavericks would give the Cowboys some of that Tiger Blood.
No plans as of right now for today and tomorrow, just sitting here doing nothing :/
that was me
weird ?: have you seen the movie getting levis Johnson? If so, what did you think of it???
o ok what you got planned for today
Something tells me it's going to cost him a lot more than $7K with his wife!
finna cop the louie belt.. GET WIT ME
o dam my bad but u gon cum pick up the cheese afta its done or pay pal
hi Louis <3 can I get a happy birthday from you? It is my 16th birthday... and I seriously love you. It would mean so much!
Workout with me and Leland. We're so hardxcore. I'm sure you've noticed.
Just finished seeing Twilight: Breaking Dawn, I don't want to wait another year for part 2!
It's only 8pm and i've already eaten pancakes eggs and bacon, a hamburger, a hot dog, a torta de picadillo, and a lot of fruit. i love food!
We're excited! Thanks! RT : . receives an award for their work on the science of the Olympic Winter Games.
Good Morning, how's your Friday looking?
The weaker we get, the stronger He becomes...Lord, let me decrease, so that You may increase.
yeah but I save that money. I mean like a job that I get a regular paycheck and always have incoming money.
i can see him being almost Cowher like-15+ years in Green Bay... him as well as Ted..
I start the same day!
Happy Hour from 4-6pm everyday!! Enjoy 1/2 Price Wine, Beer & Sushi!!
UGH...it's sales tax time! I'll be buried in paperwork for awhile!
If Taco Bell delivered, they would make so much money today.
THIS year I'm buying dollar store for these kind of times. Lol!
dude!!! So good to hear ure voice! We cali folk are. missing out
Who is faster with the ball in their hands, Derrick Rose or Ty Lawson?
Tuning #Obama out. He lies, lies, and lies.
is doing something cool, id love to talk to the devs.
#GOP Agendas:(1) #GOP VOTERS choose CA$H over CONSCIENCE=Voter Suppression(2) #GOP VOTERS choose CA$H ovr CHARACTER= #GOP "IMMORAL BUDGET"
Aw man. I think I missed the parade on my block!
Fuck the planet earth
is pregnant
I am already in the process, also was telling my friends about it. Theater Majors are pretty active readers :)
I've been "ducking" those guys all year, gotta wait a year or so lol
Happy 4th of july for everyone!!!
Tweethearts!! If u could ask a homeless person one question what would it be?
Did you know Zuma gives out FREE tokens for A's & B's...Stop by with your report card today!
Can't wait for summer time!
I knew i was doin somethin wrong haha RT : You can't shake a whore tree and expect an angel to fall out..
: Mom (NOT me): "Housewife Porn!" Boys (looking completely horrified): "How bout the Blackhawks? Bulls? Sports!"
sounds like typical Bailey to me lol
Wow Mike Wallace of 60 minutes just died.
New biz idea - similar to 's mobile car wash service, but rather for checking and optimizing tire pressure. I need this.
HEARTBROKEN! I dont think I can EVER recover from this one! Well played Patriots, great team season but came up short! Kudos to Giants!
"Remember: It's ok to look back but don't stare. "
yep I sent her the link to the sourceforge page I think they have a howto there no problem have fun with it
Those who say its impossible should not interrupt those doing it. Unknown
RT if u love justice.Searching 4 insiders willing 2 talk re:how SDPD whitewashed Arevalos sex assault complaints.
Invuity: Taking Surgery Out of the Dark Ages
no problem Josh! Luv u <33
I have gotten so much done in the past two hours. I am so proud of myself. Now as reward-- pick up dinner, nap, eat!
#marketing is a harmonic use of tools to communicate. You wouldn't fix a leaky faucet with a shovel right?
Oh, boy... looks real good early against The freak has struck out four of the first six Bucs he's faced.
Rick Ross Talks 'Great Relationship' With Lil Wayne, Cash Money
damn Chaka looks great now.
Cursing spin coach for getting "Moves LIke Jagger" stuck in my head from class this a.m. it's driving me a bit batty.
Watching the Simpsons movie in APES 😊
National Semi-Finals today! 2pm against Apprentice. So pumped
In for two CX races this weekend. Single and crash 5s (4b)
Eating an entire bag of Trader Joe's Reduced Fat Cheese Puffs because reduced fat makes it okay.
Christina Millian is on Meet the Browns :)
It's dumb for LA to have 2 teams.
Anything can happen at anytime!
...was that for me?
#TasteMakersKS im a consultant, i specialize in technology, but do social media, production and branding for music, movies, and start-ups.
sex is the young folks addiction..... mines is MARIJUANA(:
High frequency bus line my ass! I've been standing here a half hour!
What about grep isn't working for you, tho?
or you're a human pancake
still laughing about G "going into labor" because he didn't want to be at work
I think he made her very happy but I also think it wouldn't have lasted (this) long. She appeared very happy though..
New blog just posted....meet Mr. Hypnotist httwp://www.kissandim.com
It is better to burn out then fade away.
Watching Basketball Wives !
Stoked to play all these non-Richmond shows! It is probably going to be different though, because your Richmonders treat us so well!
So apparently really red lipstick is back in style but note to pasty white girls, it's just like skinny jeans, it's not for everyone...
Why are there so many people hating on One Direction & Justin Bieber lately?
I remember when I sucked
Good afternoon there. How are you doing today?
Another amazing night. Dinner then homemade dessert. So happy
is there a limit?
At Blu jam cafe on melrose with a nice group of friends. :-) life is good.
If you could read my mind youll be In tears
the good that you are and have will out shine everything else.
Go and observe each other's classes.
MARSHALL GOT A SAVE?!?!? It must be a sign of the apocalypse! He's NOT a closer!!! #FireDusty!!
Out of $1500 NLH. Flopped 10s w flush draw w 10sJs v AA on 102s4s and missed. Then short out w A10 v j4.
just get rid of the undies and all is solved
ahh i know i would love to! i hate leaving dc, and YOU!!! haha you ran away from taking shots! that was hilarious!
;; I like your "jane" part ! change the first part to mary , and that's what I'm on !! WOO ! And ;; why do you wanna se ...
where is my creative writing skills
WFGM needs volunteers for our Thank-you-thon phone drive on Tues., Oct. 11 from 5pm-8pm. Email if interested.
Austin bound this weekend ...Birthday round 3!!!
Way to keep OKC in check so far Lakers. Keep the Defensive pressure and tie this series up.
Who else thinks it's gay when guys take baths? I swear that's so gay to me.
I lived at Sunset and Gardner... my old hood! Too bad I wasn't doing standup then... it's a place for it.
Everyone check out pic
"Wooded Area" neighborhood name is very muich used (and coveted) in Point Loma
Burgerville + mimosas + Michael Jacksons corpse = weirdest day EVER
Please say it's not piss or you are severely dehydrated.
That was my little surprise !!
Everyone have a blessed day!
yep he sure "did"
your crazy you followed me haha
we thinkin of dropping "work" tonight
Sorry to disappoint but I was not in costume, ha. (I had come from a prior engagement.) Next time!
thinking about reading Catching FIre for the second time.
#PRAllStarsMichael and #PRAllStarsMondo are the best bromance EVER!! SO CUTE!! lol
Niggas about to have a face off tonight, it's going down and it ain't even Friday yet 😏
Kobe playin sick an still the best player on the court
New ways to lead a healthier lifestyle
According to the AP, Men's & Women's Basketball teams are BOTH expected to make the Final Four. Both preseason
Only Built for a Cuban Linx.
Smooth Operator- SADE... Very nice piece of music!
Also: I love Premium
Exit 162! :D
Watch for on the Biggest Loser tonight. Yay Clay!
Same to you Carolyn! Looking forward to conversations in 2012
Fun animal fact: a chameleon's eyes can look in different directions at the same time!
That's right folks, It's TEBOW TIME!!!! You should make Schultz wear a Tebow Jersey tomorrow!
Fishy onion rings my new unrecorded single with smell ya later
Finally saw the new #Sherlock movie last night... Loved it! Especially thought was hilarious & perfect as Mycroft Holmes.
“: We just made a donation to rockstars for their amazing work w #civilunions bill! Thank you #gay #vegan”
check your hawkville
In order to protect our belongings, my roommates and I will be adopting a rescue panther.
very true, but Matt "Mattyice" Kemp had nothing on Mat "Mattyice" Gamel in tonight's game
Where do the Packers stand cap-wise if they land Tollefson on top of the other 2 signings?
Tim Lincecum is so cute.
CORRECTION: the meeting is in the Lehman Auditorium
Thanks for the shout out! Have a great Tuesday!!
Stuffing my face with cookies.
I want those
. Some of my best memories of after high school involve working with Christopher Knight (Rand) at WKHQ.
Today's coaching highlight for Seattle U is none other then the head coach for the Men's soccer program! Brad Agoos Biography - Seattle...
we learned the word vaya in spanish the other day haha
Rain rain go away I got to be in boston to dj! Going on 5 hours sitting on runway!
That is brilliant, is it possible to create an app for that? Without re configuring the Ipad?
And one of them was me! #travel #studyabroad RT Record 3 million foreign tourists visited #Chile in 2011.
Quality #payroll services are better at QTS Payroll with new reporting tools for clients by Readywebgo - www.qtspayroll.com
you are so cute
Wrecked and torn up vans>>>> i am a boy who likes a comfortable pair of shoes with character
Great news KU fans Turner Gill is GONE!
MR Blow! great article on Romney in Times!! You are a great voice for peace and freedom keep on keepin' on! Love Eliot Fisk
what was DD's score. Cant see it here
Been off of twitter for a bit. Been working on the #RVA region homeless simulation for tomorrow participated last year
Heres to the mahomies in Texas who love austin & will do anything for him to stay & not move 
#IE4ME - is rocking the AMA Gift Lounge at the SLS Hotel in Los Angeles!
favorite things!! “: Patio weather makes me happy! #cherrycreek #denver”
How to avoid social media faux pas - ZDNet Asia (blog)
oh hunny bunches, I SAW THAT I CALL MY AUNT & WAS RANTINGG LIKE THE WHOLE TIME! -____-
One of my Favorite Micheal Jackson songs #DirtyDiana ;)
First morning jog in a long time. Feels great, but staying consistent will be the challenge. Any other Logan / Dupont / Shaw AM joggers?
in the studio
Please call me at :D
RT : i love masc bttms. there is nothing sexier
Cinco de Mayo, you gonna celebrate or is it just another reason to drink? Gonna cause any problems in high schools like last year/
Real rain!
sure - we could do a webex or similar. When are you holding the class?
Hey Caleb! Your awesome
Great to see people getting active! Can you say #SpringFever?
No worries. Wes Anderson is fighting the good fight RT : Someone needs to stop Tim Burton before he ruins every good children's book.
thanks for following! i followed back :]
2011.07.04 #Diamondbacks 8 #Brewers 6 | Shaun Marcum grand slam / fails to carry the day / with shaky bullpen
“Good fiction is made of what is real, and reality is difficult to come by.” ~ Ralph Ellison
yeoo your the man JR be goodd and represent whats real !
thank you!! Miss you tons!
Can't wait for spring break!
beautiful shot! Love the flowers.
Pat Houston is the right woman for the job.
What makes you think I can read music? I probably haven't read a note since I was in 6th grade. I'm all ear.
:) you're welcome!
thank you for the inspiring words.
Wow royals... It's only the first inning.
Oh gosh, I am so fat...
Looking at twitter timeline is like watching
Good enough never is. - Debbi Fields
since you're taking guesses full on...here's mine all spelled out...Pinetop Perkins
WAS FINA SLIDE OUT BUT FUCK IT GET HI NIGHT AT HIDDEN GROVE WITH THE BRU CEELO NIGGA GOT HEAD AKE. BT SHIT FUCKS WITH ME IF ENY ON CELLY
I'm jealous! No chocolate pancakes down here in Marco Is.
starting to understand the project's nat language algorithms! Cool. Now focusing on how to load our orig txt from the csv?
Ah ha! I can pay you back for all the cool stuff you teach me and train you to use my awesome budget spreadsheet.
Go shop in our webstore so the Night Owl staff can afford tickets to see this April!! Bruuuccce!
Heading to the pool for a while with the boys to try to soak off some of this heat before watching sweaty fights tonght at the USKC.
No...just took a few days longer than I thought it would to finish. I extended the due date. Check email for details
Say hello to SASHIMI! It's not just for the brave- but it is the healthiest option with it being just the slice of fish.
I feel so *white.... Ehh
Thanks Jan!
im at home now
WHY AREN'T YOU AT SCHOOL? D:<
Bitty as in "old bitty" or old lady. And I was really too surprised to react. Plus I have a no wailing on old ladies policy
aww thank u soo much ;) for compliment ^^ HELL YEAH ;)
Describing Sensation in 1 tweet would be hardest thing in the world. No words.
I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
I know he was so cute!!!! I was like OMG can I please hug him and never let go
When my parents dont answer its alright. When i dont answer, its not. Its like ww3.
Vets Unite, the social network for Veterans has been launched! Now offering free VA Claim Submission
And it was like a week or two shows that you did miss me ^.^ And it was a long ass time since were use to texting 24/7.
#ThingsIWonder who's still going to be my friend after going to college..
do you guys have any further plans after the echo six maps are done? Sequel? More dlc? I love ORC! Huge RE fan
omfg I was. I confess. Haha
By request, The Chaos Agent will be coming up in 15 minutes, right here on WSUPFL! -Crystal
Thanks to all who came out and made Riesling Week so successful, always fun to do something different!
I ate like 5 tacos last night! And I don't even like pork!
Yep! Cooking with one hand, tweeting with the other and yelling out homework help over my shoulder. Out with bikes now ;-)
It's always fun being on the road. Lobster dinner in Maine (I know it's not lobster season).
DrewScott Dope Producer!
It was awesome. No but I did discover poke (raw marinated ahi), and have vowed to make it at home this weekend.
damn you and your addictive and catchy unicorn attack
Who says,who says you're not perfect.
its wierd talkin about sex with your parents ... my aunt keeps saying pussy and its making me feel ikky!!!!
so true !
RSVP to Audrey Watne at .nyu.edu. Thanks for your interest! Hope to see you there.
Stayed up to see my friends on ! xoxo
This college offers classes that you will likely not find elsewhere, such as Natural Health Studies and Equine Science
Trash Can Hoes Cnt Smoke My Tree
how funny i'm peeing as i type this
I *may* have done the same thing. LOL! #nip RT We just had to rewind to Jlo so Curtis could weigh in #nipslip or
I can only be and do me cause everyone else is taken
Best of luck on the GMAT tomorrow!
yeah why
Don't open any emails from us we are working on it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!!!!
Tweet me a number and I will rate your twitter
Hope all my mermaid fans have a great day!!! Mermaid kisses for all!! :)
the problem w Martin was too many GP questions. Doesn't want to be Mr GP.
Ohh! I thought you already got a break? But I'll see you when you get home! <3 Love you! :*
Patient: Doc, I feel like a GOAT! Doc: Really, since when? Patient: Since I was a KID! ;)
Even if you were the only person I followed, Twitter would still be grand. Thanks for the chuckles. : in fairn
Where have you been this week twitter? Oh yeah its me that's been distant.
thank you for retweeting my article. I really appreciate it.
Elevated radon levels found in The Village at Rolesville. 30% off radon tests to neighborhood residents now through Feb. 15, 2010.
Great, thanks for the link. We'll have to see what we can come up with that his fans would love.
Don't forget to take part in the #bigdataweek Survey www.bigdataweek.cdsom/survey
Just now, an unrealized alternate dimensional timeline was created in which space lobsters cooked me breakfast. Thanks, space friends.
what's worse than forgetting a hashtag, right? like, just shoot me. #
At the UN press tent. It is like the journo Olympic Village
We're going to be on 1290 WMCS with Earl Ingram this afternoon - tune in!
Grayson is 3 months&3wks & drawing conclusions about world. He shows approval w/an all-out gummy grin & disapproval by puking on your shirt
Just went through my forthcoming one last time before submitting my final line edits to It. Is. Finished.
could you use wallwisher? I can't think of anything that wouldn't require an account...
I write because it brings me pleasure & joy. I am able to express myself—the many shades of me—through pen & paper. It's a gift I can't deny
Good morning #NOLA! It's another beautiful day! Join us for Group Reformer and PULSE at 8:30 and BOSU at 9:30
Billy the Kid on tonight at 8pm on Join conversation by using the hashtag #americanexperience - DVD giveaways too!
Getting my tmobile back
It means I need a good recruiting campaign for "The Averagette".
Guys are the most confusing people on the face of the earth. It's a fact
dolled up!!!
Hugs and prayers
do it!
I once tried to make hummus...I think I have you both beat for the nickname.
Maybe a tweet-o-matic?
I like it when I scare my fishes with the net. #lmao 
Special Situation and Exceptions in Slip and Fall Injury Cases
ankle boots ankle ankle ankle ankle ankle boots :)
Really bummed my commute caused me to miss tonight's #PRStudChat, great advice though!
Can someone please explain to me why we still have school?
up late working on www.civilwardata150.net data, desperately trying to finish before Civil War + 150 officially begins.
I can't get the link for the nonlinear films to work.
I need time... Anyone want to sell me some?
i know rite~
Any icon with Jennette in it I love! She's perfect!! You pick some great icons! :]
Me + you ima tell ya one time
Talking about college with mommy.
I guess that dream was telling me I need to talk to my husband more.
RT this if you want us to share our special a la carte dishes available on #ValentinesDay !!
It's raining and I can hear a neighbor playing the violin from an open window. $50 says a vampire knocks on my door in 5 minutes.
Oops, sorry about the duplicate posts this morning. Life happens ;-)
#ImHopingThat someday it could be like it was, way down in the future, everything will work out, with me & youu..
ets - harvesting songs from the universal radio station.
more #NFL tweets please!
Can't. Stop. Sneezing.
for how long?
i say the same thing to myself and yet we are both still up late lol. sad life haha
RT : Mark your calendars... Pet Day on the Bay is May 12th this year! Your pup's ears are sure to perk up ;)
Mr. Estrada, resident of LOCO describes the importance of keeping up with our new economic reality & how the FLES program is critical.
They make purple doritos?
LOL! Good one. How about: tambourine always too close to the mic?
And for drummer Drew Billings, he's "Couchbone" all the way. Guitarist GarthBoyst? Just give him a hi 5.
Forcing myself to write a conference proposal (just in the nick of time).
ConQuesT is Memorial Day weekend. I'll be on panels most of Saturday and book signing.
5th cup of coffee today. SUP
Going to the zoo tomorrow to see the monkeys!!! #RNS lol
Major headache! :(
#Ghettocrayoncolors blue waffle
RT : RT : Fight for the things you love. Love the things worth fighting for.
Don't RT any of the others, I'll go and find them in your TL! Xoxo
Guinness and blue cheese. Who knew?
Every young lady should be bumpin' Lady Don't Tek No. Fellas too. It's going on a playlist for my niece right now!
Not nearly as fun to lay out on the beach when you forget your towel. Hello sandy crack.
OMG I bought boyfriend on my ipod! Now I can't stop listening to it! I got it yesterday, and I know the WHOLE song! I<3You
I think he's drunk.
Thanks for the follow. Check out He is an incredible metal guitarist like
Almond crusted eggplant with bruschetta and mozzarella over quinoa - my favorite late night, got all my mom chores done, dinner
Hey there loyal twitter followers. I've starting working with this great group Ode Please do me a favor a throw them a follow!
ooh, who will Mr. Irrelevant be?
Havent done crap all day and want to continue
Great. Thanks to years of mental conditioning, I now have an unassailable craving for pickles. I blame you.
yeah! where rte you?
"The Eagles have gone from the "Dream Team" to the "I'm Not Sure I Believe" Team"
My quick take on Indian regional election results: Congress remains weak in UP, but so does BJP. A change of cast, not so much character?
Come the hell outside!! Ugh I dislike him not having a phone
talks marriage, housing and black wealth on #washingtonwatch 11 am ET/PT
I know. Why were you all excited?! Haha
A lifetime #car2go membership is currently only $35! This fee includes: maintenance, fueling, insurance, parking & 24 hr cust. service line!
Watching a documentary about Scrabble Champions... did yall know that San Diego can also spell DIAGNOSE? Love learning shit like that.
Is that a Madonna lyric? RT ": Hope is alive in these angel eyes tonight."
me: "this is almost as exciting as college basketball!!" : "just stop talking."
Thanks for the follow. Are you guys deep in #linsanity?
Now that's something worth investing in
do you think gluten free diets help individuals with autism? or is it just a fad?
“: LOL FUNNY ASS LUNCH! Love you crazy HOES!” love you too! Lol
Blame on the alcohol and Mary j...lol
I don't know what that is but I like the sounds of it.
people are talking about auto tune and Jordan. Do you know what that's all about?
What a writer wants to do is not what he does. -- Jorge Luis Borges
You need a bold face, to go with your bold outfit. How ya doin.
has been unfollowed.
wfc had glitches i hope foc does cause ppl hack them and if you do not know how to hack you glitch to end other cheaters
i need a guy that actually has the balls to tell me the truth!
i wish i could do thatt...
Relating a story of how she was introduced to Capstone Interactive Library. They gave her a district trial
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap. I think I'm more tired now than I was before the nap. #howisthatpossible?
I loved your artwork shown on #SOS. Will you be having an East Coast show anytime soon? You were also luminous on the finale.
Good afternoon to you 2... Wats up? (:
Met the nicest Jehovah Witnesses while planting the trees. They gave me a tree history of Baltimore Elms, and this wasn't in their pamphlet.
Hope to see you there! Pino Daniele is one of our favorites!
Had a couple of closings today!
The chicken man trumpet playing mini bike rider so OMG lol
Yep.. I'm ready to start walking.
Did you know that you can recycle small batteries at There is a collection bin on the information desk at the Lombard St. entrance.
Time to vote. Yowza!
Not sure I agree with that. If he showcases an offseason-improved defensive game his stock will rise considerably.
this crap is eggplants e-g-g-p-l-a-n-t-s 🍆
What do you want Chloe?(; Just kidding.
Using GET encode params into a URI. This isn't explicit by the HTTP spec, but it's best practice for GET to not have a body
I'm always impressed by booze. Esp liqueurs.
Mexico in a month or so... Need some sun! How about you?
Just arrived at #sunlife to see the BLACK EYED PEAS tear it down their last show ever
Thursday: made summer school syllabi, graded 12 papers, read for 2 hours, watched Hitchcock's 'Shadow of a Doubt.' Not bad.
Life Member gameday parking at Alumni Hall is no longer available today. The lot is now full.
he just like followed u out of no where ur hella lucky
Netflix be on some BULLSHI*!!!
when boys always disrespect me so I can get their attention <<<< like, I don't even wanna be bothered by you. Leave me the fuck alone bitch.
“: I'm thrilled to start contributing to 's beer coverage..." congrats Paul! Look forward to reading more...
...about a dozen came from and in the nation's capital 450,000 fans attended this year's Jazz Fest
13 hours and counting on Amtrak. Anyone who still believes in the dominance of the USA has never taken regional rail.
Love that photo. Thanks for the Smithismn.
thanks Toni for the follow. Please let us know if we can help with any furniture related items!
no problem. Good day?
Hearing sing Dyce to sleep melts my heart.
right. What I MEANT to say was Given early-inning woes thus far, before the game wouldn't you have taken Wolf, thru 3 down two?
oh okay cool!! THIS GUNNA BE FUN.
To every1 tht im not following thts following me. Im sorry, i have reached my limit, unless i get 1000 followers help me out pls. Ill follow
you're literally rift across the street. I still can't figure out why we haven't been. You have the best sounding food!
Henry Rodriguez, Bama of the Night
Hahah. I love 80s hair metal and stuff. And foreign bands.
Food Fact of the Day: Apr 1st, 1996 Taco Bell playing an April Food joke claims to have bought the Liberty Bell. reducing the national debt
If you can speed sleep, you can get 8 hours of sleep in only 3. Then you can wake up and keep recording.
#TwSIG Public opinion is being formed in part by Tweets and FB. Many businesses will respond to the twitter stream and negative opinion
god +family + education +basketball or diee
it's no official yet but yes same band members different band name.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at S&S Tire and Auto Service Centers! All Caring Club...
Wait, so this banning football debate was a real thing?
I hate to admit it, but Garnett still has it. Too gross.
On the road with the Loyola jazz band. Just played our first stop in Memphis and hanging on Beale st. later tonight. NOLA dun spoiled me...
When You're Feeling Lost & Wanna Be Found,Wear Love Like A Crown. Wear Love Like A Crown <33
I just submitted an application to in the hopes that I can receive some funding for Parlour to Parlour. Wish me luck!
For those of you in , don't forget CAT vice-chair and general committee apps are due by midnight tomorrow!
hell yea i think dey gne beat kansas
Happy presidents day weekend. There nothing like a hottie with a tophat and loads of authority!
Wow, these men are turning into puppy dogs meeting Emily. Have none of these men dated attractive women? Where are the confident men?
Neenah Paper Declares Quarterly Dividend and Announces Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 16, 2012
I couldn't either. I need a clear separation between my private and public life.
": BOY: "Is your body from McDonalds?" GIRL: "Why? Cause you're lovin' it?" BOY: "No, because it's fat and greasy.""
Stinky Gringo is excited to announce the authorization of Original & Strawberry Margaritas in the Seven County Metro Milwaukee Pick N Saves
And I really love the trumpet
This is why politicians change their spots faster than a cheetah can BLINK
Sometimes #oomf gives me no hope.
Spring Auctions - New York Times
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?1
I think i just saw a celeb's "Ambien tweet". About half disturbing, half funny. :) Something about The Thunder basketball & her fans?
where are you? Lol
Up early with #RHCP set-list.. to excited for tonight! Finally May 11th!! [*]
Isn't it funny how people feel the need to label others. We only need to care about your heart!
About to do these pics from yesterday !
so u think Pitino was honorable for having sex w/ his employees wife in a restaurant? They were both horribly wrong/fire able acts
Congrats to our pals & fellow #entrepreneurs for the release of v3 of the pintley app! We <3 beer! Keep up the great work, gents.
Twitter is like an endless conversation to yourself ...
Bitches need learn some common courtesy.
Bullshit never ends... Will I ever be happy?
The door it opened slowly..my father he came in. I was 9 years old. I thought i saw an eagle though it might have been a vulture.
Thank you for the follow! Feels awesome to be followed by the author of the "first" ever poker ever read by me.
Not yet. Just the dakotas, MN, and WI. It starts with distribution. We have to sign with a distributor in your area 1st.
Why you gotta be so blind? Why dont you open up your eyes?
lmao no worries dude. I've got shit to do today but ill hit you up when I'm done and on my way.
thanks so much man! Let's do something this week!
Don't forget it's #teacherappreciationweek ! You still have two days to do something for the special #teachers in your life!
HA! As in Mandolay Bay or SF Bay! Just checking, cause you'd be one place I'd be the other! How I accidentally "roll!" HA! =D
what does that mean..? Cuz I've heard sum crazy stuff last two days #illuminate ??
just tried Omar's Cafe on Mt. Prospect #Newark! pictures to come for Food Porn Friday. Believe the hype!
,We believe the Lord is going 2 use these songs 4 hope & healing! Honored to have u @ Redeemed Girl Institute!
watching NatGeo's show Amish: Out of Order. And yes....it's amazing. :D
It's amazing what makeup can do..
Thanks for the RT, Bill!
I'll probably weirdly text you
#IGetJealousOf people who don't have to work on beautiful days like this
It was great meeting you! Excited to be your mentee. :)
RT : Monday's should be optional.
I'd love to see that! Haha
Ok, who the hell didn't tell Punto to throw home? That's completely pathetic.
All night work party. Yippee.
I blame Radio Disney. RT : This a.m. Charlie tied Robbie at 3 in the # of times each has puked in MY car. 0 in Amy's.
still has to prove it, but read context, all he said was "I think I'm the best" 95 percent of players have same mindset.
haha cheap asses what are you doing tonight?
Silent but violent
My favorite side at Maguire's is ______.
How much of your eating is related to your emotions? Watch out for more on this today!
Happy Birthday !!!!!:) hope you have a great birthday!!!!!
BTW, this account in 100% libraries shit, about 50% overlap with ET, so I won't be offended if you don't want to follow it. <3
Ugh, I KNEW I was going to regret signing up for The Knot. Just got an email advertising a "Bridelicious Booty Camp." Just...no.
thanks for the shout out and encouraging others to follow!
I hate that I can't change my twitter my name on my phone
I got a Canon SD 1100 is - it looks pretty cool so I'm hoping to get some great pictures!
Nuggets radio play by play voice Jason Koszmicki on now talking about the Nugs' new signings!
has anyone ever tried #bubbletea with #soymilk? if so, how was it?
OK, here's the deal: the universe is (in truth) pointillistic. Them be gaps between the grains.
Gallon challenge with and
Holy crap! I got a 100% on my Anthropology paper!!
Congrats Ruby! I miss your face.
Mike Tyson that **** Im talking lights out..OMG.
Just finished an intense 24 hour session of non-stop design. With Very proud of our work.
WHY DID THE PICTURE GO TO JAIL? BECAUSE IT WAS FRAMED! :-)
Colin Ferrel is my future husband. He is so gorgeous!
No worries, it's a sleep condition that is scary as hell, google it. Miss you and love you. I am the happiest a guy could be.
I miss talking to you (:
Thanx to the students in #H340 for a great semester. I learned much while working with all.
Once you get everything settled, I wanna come up and party with you. Go see a Reds game maybe RT thanks
don't we need the #PBS gang to acknowledge their #ABA roots? The PBS sites I've seen bury ABA references
yes legit. I don't fuck with anyone who fucks with fakes. And idk I'll email him
Kate! What are you doing eating cupcakes, no matter how delicious?!
Congrats! Unfortunately, he still has u beat on nicknames MT redemption on Sex Panther during elite 8 gms... psycho wins 30-0.
I need a backiotomy. Back is so sore. Perching on reference chair is not helping.
i started a draw free game with you :)
Happy Birthday from LA to the A! Wishing you an amazing day and weekend! M
amazing Connie Rice:amer policing tactics stems from slavery &the suppression & containment of African slaves
i wish i had an ipod anymore....
Missed made in Chelsea last night :( what happened??
oh you
scared money, don't make no money.
I need a boyfriend
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What does your heart tell you? I mean, which one would you rather see naked?!
If Felton could play like this consistently, I could dig it
Philly...Flip it to PHL17.... is on! My interview with w/ will be featured!
Let's hope this 9th inning doesn't end w/ a dropped pop-up
Just got in the car. Thermometer on dash says 105
just finished watching 's NEVER SAY NEVER! best movie ever :) loved every moment of it! <3
#OscarTweet Octavia Spencer: stunning, gracious and clearly very proud of #TheHelp -
Your Neighborhood Plumber NYC No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies....24/7
aye bro i just emailed you hit me up when you get a chance.
Last few bites of chametz before #Passover tomorrow- thanks for making it extra tasty
Aha! The back of her head "lookin lik some road kill!!!" Hahahahaha! Always renew your tracks dont leave it in for 9months with out moisture
Awww thanks love. It's def a great combo: beautiful weather and Bday. :)
Two comments: 1) Kobe tripped over himself. 2) Closer is a baseball term. Dennis Eckersley > Kobe Bryant. GO MAVS.
it's reminding me more and more of lost... and the last episode really surprised me. you?
A9: do a full tour of the south pacific
Looking forward to trying out the Hangout Sunday. Gotta borrow the wife's cam-equipped laptop, tho...
amen to that...did you here the choir rehearsal tonight ?..this is Koda....the singing cop. Lol
I love I miss his tweets :'[
Q. Who is the greatest babysitter mentioned in the Bible?A. David. He rocked Goliath to sleep.
oh shut up
Are your labor costs higher than you'd like them to be? We can help! Email us at
whoever this so called "boss" is who didn't invite me. My feelers are hurt.
well, it IS the University of *NEW ORLEANS*
It;s going to be hard to drink a cold beer in this Texas heat
All seems good these days, will relax for sure and take it easy today. Love to all
Got more facts. Basically, it IS rare, but there are some bacteria resistant to antibiotics, mostly east coast.
It hurts.
Missing India, but a lot of great viewpoints : Is the Social Enterprise Bubble About to Burst?
Dude. I'm. So. Bored. It's not even plobnorg.
yes can't wait til your there it will be awesome:)
All aspiring #Actors and #Actresses should be following What are you waiting for?
They represent two different aspects of digitization, but maybe both trending toward more open, flexible approaches.
That #SNF intro for the Patriots D' sums up the problem perfectly: guys so unknown they dont even have an intro graphic
Get the Free app for free right now in the Apple App Store & Android Market now & get a ton of free stuff
I hate waiting on transit
Want first chance of winning tickets from ? Sign up to receive it before the rest! Email and sign up!!
Q3 My work has a frantic Oral History project that is trying to cover as many Austrian Holocaust survivors as possible.
Thanks for the post Gary.
Very good point...and the novel does look a lot like our own society...
good luck man.. hope to see it published
I'm trying my best
Rec. using one browser: Google Chrome, preferably. Use usb tether to 'see' work in real time as you create
RT : #IWasThereWhen played alchemy index songs live for the 1st time! + they play my request of "Atlantic" too!
if your still looking for a partner for vball you got one right here!!
it's okay, your not the only one (hangs head in shame)
#beatLA hell yes Nuggets! Show them whos Boss :)
When i was younger!
it took me a few hours to change transparency background...i don't get it yet...
Good night!
I sent it to ya as sneak peak!
Follow RT I bet Rick Santorum has "accommodated Boehner" more than once.
ew why is everyone in my school so weird?!?! freaks omg ugh
he sports our band on his back with our shirt 👍
Brisbane your looking beautiful today
Why do people believe everything the newspaper says but question what the Bible says?
*stuffing addiction. Not audition.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never. ---Charles Caleb Colton
just watching TV. How about you?
And he is cute
Thanks for the RT!
you have every oppurtunity to be with him! shut up & be grateful he's not getting jerked away from you stop worrying what other people think
Enjoying beers at Leary's Landing Irish Pub even more!
so so excited about tonight
When do you get to #ctia? Would love to meet up during the conference. Please DM me, Thx!
OMG!!! I got my own happy cow! :D
In need of some kids for Childrens Dept. send pics to
- hey, follow me so I can email you. xo
50% off dinner at The Clifton this Monday and Tuesday. Think this is the last week we are doing this
you're welcome 💙
working now, thanks!
Just another excuse to SHOP!!
At AMC theater having expensive dinner with Gia. Just saw &kids having dinner on the walk over. Gia thought it was cool.
try boiling the tofu before frying-- sounds weird, but makes it super crispy!
haha your cover of california king bed!! and omg my phone is broke too! :(
great news!!
lol love you too (: & of course you will. let me know how it goes bc even though I'm 4 hours away, I still care! :P
I would love to have lunch any time!!! Miss my fav wine ladies!
Take aways from today's FastForward camp: all writing can be snappier, compare retweets to click-throughs, complexity continues.
you guys don't know this about me but I do yoga in my room everyday to ed sheeran.
what song is it? :)
Equinox is loud, NY and very uber achiever oriented
Sometimes its cost other times we are picky eaters and fall in old habits
- If you guys meet any developers who aren't a fit for you at , I'd love a shot to place them somewhere else!
Freaking out with over the fact that we are seeing in a few minutes thanks to Ahh, what is air!?
Love how my twitter timeline is flooded from the NFL Draft
Good morning! It's going to be an "afternoon pie" kind of day. Pear Caramel! Want a visit from the pie cookie fairy? Lemme know!
I'm resisting the urge to tell my friend the Santa photo she subjected her baby to taking is creepy is fuck.
Casey Anthony has been found... NOT GUILTY for first degree murder and aggravated child abuse by the jury!!
Had a fun show @ LaSalle High School in Pasadena, then had a yummy dinner @ Zelo's pizzeria. Beet salad, spinach pesto pizza +
Hello my friend! They must be showing the Nuggs on TV up there ehh hope your doing good!
okay! Should be up shortly!
Hi Paul, we tested this and it looks good on our end. Please contact and they will help you out. -Brianne
Good questions, Greg. Glad you didn't go easy on TT.
Unlike every freaking guy I ain't tryna get with every girl!!!-__-
#inthe90s Everyone was free. It felt good.
"Why am I waiting for tomorrow when Christ gave me today?"
I'm bout to sleep good as fuck tonight tho.
If octopus an i ever went on a date, i wouldnt order BBQ chicken wings just for the sake of him.
Answering Questions & Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!!! Txt 6465806445 Tel 1800972 9940
#TENNWOLF IN 7 HOURS!!!! whose hotter or
Guess I'm back on twitter :3
Check out my new FB page! Irresistible Woman - Sacramento, CA!
No problem its good ! On new years i wanna see it completed with like outfit and stuff !
Oh well
STM or DIE
shooting music video for "Deep End" soon and will need lots of peeps for "live show" day of shooting. ill have more details soon!
Any of my followers watch Scandal?
Ah did great on my test!!! Gonna take Calculus 2!! :) and got uniforms today... I. Hate. Them. Hahaha a gay guys worst nightmare lol :P
that publicist david nobel brought to your attention,i am his manager and i would like to forward you a post
brings people together (:
Excited to hear founder #alexbangash speak at #Wharton tomorrow.
We will be booking some shows soon! Who do you wanna see us play with?
thumbs up!
Life's a bitch, 'cause if it was a slut, it'd be easy.
pats all day
recovering from computer advice giving. Contrary to the hype helping someone with their computer and ipad with the set up they really have
my stomach hurt
Ha as much as I love good music, true Jazz is not a staple in my library.
Good idea thanks :)
naw shouts out to you ..contraband was on Point 👏👏
ehh. Naah. ;) I get him Sunday-Saturday ;)
Winning on the road in Philadelphia during the playoffs is probably the greatest feeling as a player. Great atmosphere.
just received the LUPEC SF calendar. Thank you!! You are all stunning.
hahaha me and my country love :)
is it bad that I'm still in love with my ex after 5 years not being with him im texting him and im crying 5 years together
No, because I never thought in my wildest dreams that I'd be here for my 11th annual Employee Appreciation day.
:) have a great weekend!
Gearing up for the next BOTB
The weeknd version of every drake song Is better than the original >
Verlander wins AL Cy Young award by unanimous decision
Welcome to new follows!
Thank YOU so MUCH for the RE-TWEET you SO ROCK! xo!
Head-bobbin' to "Sweetheart" as I type.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
If I was in the Twin Cities this is where I'd be Friday>>>RT : Dj Advance BDay Celebration This Friday @ The Grand Hotel !!
psh your parties would be the bomb , and for each birthday you could have met anybody ! , eveen prince Royce !!
But I bet we catch up fast:)
I think fo rme the "form of the future" is the theatre we all are talking about tomorrow
I'm going to the Indy one possibly, if he sells M&G so(:
I stay loading followers smh I guess I got to live on this mf to keep my followers up
Besek: and of course specter of international issues loom. Whatever we do it will be scrutinized in other countries
see you at tadasana festival. Assisting ash turner sat and sun.
Suddenly regretting sensible decision to put off further graduate degrees; the library is lacking in Iron Age coins and mud.
back at you
Beat Ohio State!
He was key in the 4th RT : You nailed a 3 with that call...but do I get an assist for the Dooling comment?
Omg, no one has ever done the "OH" thing with me. We're best friends now ok.
work has paid off for them.Bill raising beer 5-8% ABV has passed House & heading to Governer's desk!!
#WelcomeToDetroit where almost all your school friends are dead or in jail
I will make you famous. We will make bakers' dozens of millions of dollars.
😊thanks for a great day!
It's great. Went 2 nights in a row. Carpenter's Vampires (hosted by ) and The Birds
It was amazing! My tummy is very happy.
super-strength yes!
U have already failed if U R anticipating 4 someone else 2 fail. Throwing stones, hating, jealousy or whatever U want 2 call it,
#CutCapBalance = cut off America's leg, give it a bandaid, and say good luck standing on that other foot!
I think is still sleeping... wow! :}
Hear my reaction to getting stung by a bee tonight at 10 in the KARE 11 News Extra. It's kinda funny!
Hey THANKS!! That's awesome to hear!
Be thankful for the musicians in your life and show them love on #recordstoreday! Head to to celebrate
Niggas at home but they gfs absent dick n her mouth sound like she gotta accent
I'm the original rocket bc I got the original handle.
haha. Don't worry about it. But I just took medicinee for this dumb cold. Ha. Hopefully I'll talk to you tomorrow. Good Night(:
Thanks for all of the Love, Houston (and other cyclists around the USA).
But as you say, it was a small amount earmarked to a very specific fund in my major.
Finally a win Ubaldo!!!
Receiving billions of bail out money and still being broke.
Cornelius Tacitus~ I am my nearest neighbor.
_Northern_ Virginia could be considered a Mid-Atlantic state
I wanna drive
#NP I should have kissed you ~~~
So glad to be following ! Have fun in Dallas with your training!
You too Samantha! Sending you lots of luck today with the news segment. You will do GREAT!
Reserved your ticket yet for our fab Bartram Bitters Cocktail Party Fundraiser on May 16? You better! Use promo code "YoungFriend" and...
That moment when u are about to go asleep and realize you forgot to set your alarm an then get caught up on twitter for another hour...
My swag game... Tight like my jeanss..come through my diamond piece chain...shine like...rain!
Good morning mentions?
Make a wish!
Having a really bad hair day!
or you just haven't bought new clothes in the last 15 years. #lazy?
Belt is going to split time at 1B and GoldS is struggle. If I had to drop one I guess it would be the guy splitting time
We have a car full of records and ready to rock!
#Quote of the Week: “Teaching reading IS rocket science.” - Louisa Moats. Happy Friday!
hey r u hanging out w/Pit Bull?
Writing my freshman letter is hard , so many memories !! ^_^
I love photography, social media and engaging youth. Your Brazil Team Leader position looks interesting. Good luck in the future!
He was my friend first!!!
"Eight hours for work, eight hours for rest, eight hours for what we will." Haymarket Square incident on this day in 1886 in Chicago.
Oh... Sedona it is then!
doesn't include things like foam rolling but i consider that recovery, not working out. even that doesn't account for much time.
oh 4real so is u still gettin the car
Sorry ladies, the website is being re-done - should be up and ready by tomorrow morning!! Thank-you for your patience!
good :) we just have to remember that fighting fire with fire won't solve anything, it will only cause more destruction. :)
wow everybody coming at me I'm just going to google first dang I got some mean followers lol.
I love PLP!
THANK YOU. Yes. YOU. We reached our goal—30K participants w/70K+ mods completed—we beat the natl record! Couldn't have done it w/out you!
Then one of my neighbors came out & called them all dumb hoes & told them to take their young asses to bed.
How is your weekend going?
Crossing off another #bucketlist item tonight...going to ! Reason #78 why
lmao it was in 6th grade at school in the morning but no one told on me
:-) I still rock on! Haven't seem them again, but seen Rush many more times. What's new?
That intro never gets old
I hate how people judge others. I'm pretty sure last time I checked your not God, so who are you to judge?!
Your #Goodwill "family" is rooting for you here in #Milwaukee & #Wisconsin. Hope you feel the love. Show em those moves!
": Poll: iPhone vs Droid" Droid all day
sounds de-lish!!!
I don't agree w/many of the studies of when is the perfect time to tweet. Tweet when you know your followers R tweeting.
Another long, incredible Friday night with , , , and of course,
Why would he do that?? I haven't seen anything particularly offensive from you.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. - Helen Keller
Did you know that San Diego Country imports 90% of its water from the Colorado River?!
Picked the right one.
I wonder why Visual Studio puts .csproj files in the Recent Projects list. I've never wanted to open a .csproj in my life.
BRING IT ON BIOTCH !
good. Enjoying days off. What Bout you?
Pig cheerleaders, a tweeting bird (pun ignored), a depressing ref and a kiss cam. Puppy bowl has now sold out. Guess I'll watch football
I got to many projects on the bench. Time to button some of this up.
let's get ginger root after my interview! kthanks
Good night gracey.
Good Morning World:):)
I wonder how you can do a heart in your tweets
": About to get stitches..." i hope it wasnt too bad, good job today bro
Enjoyed lunch at Wild Ginger with the Fire Chief. Good conversation about the Fire Department.
u going for the ravens
Trying to decide if I should read Tam Lin now or for Maybe I'll save it!
Thx! RT : A Sunny #FF to we appreciate you!
DJing tonight with my man at Lucky Lounge #usualnonsense in the building. Let's go Oakland!
(jen) Uploading sketches into the storyboard for a new client project - this animation is going to be FOA.
Last stop, St Charles place. Amazing trip and will miss you
There are! Tins and tins and tins of them. Thank goodness. :) Soon, I'll be handing over the twitter reins to someone else. :(
Follow a fellow news anchor. But please don't be offended.
Anytime sis, :) how thing going?
Awww, wish you were here, Dave!
Spectacular Parenteau mansion disguises tale of greed and wrongdoing - Columbus Dispatch
Soakin up the sun at aliante station pool.
I finally figured out what to do with our future children who are genetically destined to be short- mini Maguire jockeys!
Thank you Douglas, I really appreciate it. Have a great weekend.
I miss that final bike ride with a flat tire at maple lane. Can we do more stuff together? :(
Don't play the part. BE the part.
GRRRR waiting for appointment this day couldn't get any worse :(
Can't wait until they get untethered jb for windows.
why is she tired again??? That's the problem with out team Girardi makes them a bunch of babies "saving the for the Playoffs"
Stuffed and very very sick. Clearly I ate too much.
Sorry Queens Library, promoting Amazon is a no-no and you should know better.
Best Free iPad App of the Week: Khan Academy: // ok I give in. Time to buy an iPad.
lol u set me up!!! lol
Love it RT Chris Kreider right from natl title w/ BC to the NYR and scores game winner tonight to force Gm 7. Precedents, anybody?
#TweetMeCody #FollowMeCody I would be the happiest girl in the world if this actually happened (: 143
Yesh work those muscles babe
so is life my brother, we have to come up with a list of reasons to be successful, those reasons will become our motivation.
thats tight u can rap!
RT : RT - I heard a joke, "Of course Tebow got drafted by the Broncos, it's the closest team to heaven." (Mile high)
“: Pussy hair braided #ButYouStillHit cuz that ass fat” ===> Oh are there beads down there too? Cause beads make it legit.
I wish that for once, a guy would genuinely like me.
on the positive, at least I won't be dancing in sequins...just sayin'
#EatMoreSoup - introducing this week's specials - reply tweet for more information - I know your #Hungry!!!
LOVED Savannah's earrings this morning on Today Show.
#BATZ was kinda whack. The only people shaking shit was Misfits, CerveTech, and Widmer Brothers.
I welcome the challenge. And there's no doubt, a 100 degree night is coming soon.
Let me check calendar tomorrow and get back to you. thx!
My grades right now > 👌 on point!
going to see never say never directors cut so exsited can't wait
Show at FLOYD'S on Friday with !
I'm not sure how that could be considered invasive…?
taking pictures :)
guys help to reach 1500 (and many more) followers!
...Two fire marshal vehicles
I aint even seen this.
Alright thats cool i understand just take your time.
ill find someone lol
Happy Chinese New Year! Dumplings are said to bring you luck and prosperity for the year. Come join us today & tomorrow night.
Rotfl. words cant explain how much I hate this fatass
Just saw 2 guys playing basketball in the new sunset triangle.
I don't usually take requests but I guess I could make an exception this once!
Well, thanks! We'll see if I still have it by June, when I'll be passing through Chicago again. Another juice bar meet-up?
Laughing at my self for actually believing for a split second that I was gonna go back to school to study for the night
We started there the year Staples Center opened, which was the first "revitalized Downtown LA" building.
There isn't a day that goes by where you aren't crossing my mind <3
"And it is through fantasy that children achieve catharsis. It is the best means they have for taming Wild Things.” -Maurice Sendak
1 2 3 Magic my daughter used much of it with her son
Daisy? that's a cow's name TOM!!
Any SEO experts out there? Do links (to your website) on twitter, facebook, linkedin, etc improve your ranking?
i love sundays, especially starting them off with
Keep your eyes open for Steph Wright , our Data Services Librarian!
I could use some chik-fil-a breakfast today! I'm so hungry
Frozen chocolate chip cookies are the best thing on earth...
Having mommy in law and the little ones
dear , when you go to california... Take me with you! :) Kbye
Getting defensive: For first time since &#39;82, Cowboys use first 4 picks on defenders, 5 overall
Looking at this janky flip phone next to this Blackberry#TheComeUp lmao!
Khloee is in bed at 8 thank god!
Best way to not get busted for something, not do the shit at all in the first place.
Three days till the all new Jessie; "Evil Times Two" has a new guest star on it... Kinda. Tune in on Disney Channel at 8/7c. Xoxo <3
We see stars so clear that have been dead for years, but the idea still lives on.
-- I'm great Thanks! Hope U are havin a good weekend.
awesome! shoot us your wf username once you've put in some recommendations and we'll share it
hehehehe you're so cute! come ova friday to meet king scout👑🐶 you'll be like i eat choyse only on poyzza ployse.
dude let me take some of that before next game..i keep forgetting haha
Staying home with my little lady. She has a stomach bug. Stop by and see Eric. He's holding it down for me today.
you guys better get a ring this year !
id old school..on that Dewayne Wayne & Ron shit
#PrettyLittleThings is currently moving through post-production. Stay tuned.
el spicy if you like chicken the double stack if you like beef. All the salads are great too!
140 characters ins't enough to say what a failure Obama has been and what a moron you are
Just finished watching "You don't mess with the Zohan" lol it's hilarious!
yeah buddy!
love you to<3
This Weekend See the Hattiloo Theatre in Memphis perform 2 plays by 2011 Youth Playwright winners
True or False: The name Tommy DeVito is mentioned in both Goofellas and Casino?
omg Juggaloos live in my neighborhood holy shit
Watching , love her she is so funny and witty.
We had a fabulous time with our Young Patrons at our Christmas concert and after-party tonight. Pics coming soon!
No symphony orchestra ever played music like a two-year-old girl laughing with a puppy. —Bern Williams
I just have to admit that it's all coming back to me
I need a massage..
I luv u past the moon...I really do, wen I say I hate u I mean that too ma u make me crazi bt sometimes dass wat luvas do
“: She loving the Crew..” great minds think a like
ha! Awesome. Well played sir, well played.
If only I was double my current age, I would have adopted you as my son:-))) Sounds super-delicious!
Happy birthday girl!!
Linked Open Data: museums don't need to worry so much about the linked part. Just make your data open. API, complete download.
Oh it's the morning ap test? Fuck
THE BALTIMORE MEDIA ORCHESTRA WILL BE IN CONCERT APRIL 29 @ 5P.M. AT THE CARL J. MURPHY FINE ARTS CENTER!
Listening to 1969 SGA President talk while Smashing Pumpkins 1979 song plays in background.
take a picture :-P
how much is Kansas getting paid to lose this?
i wont make it to church, unless we go to the 6;30 service. but i will fo sho see you monday! :)
Is a tweet considered fact ?
Got the worst advice ever at church yesterday " You have the rest of your life to see the world." smh...
Two days off before two days on
What exactly is self respect?
so you Rollin tonight?
bella, i'm flattered! :))
saw a fresh bouquet with balloons tied to it on a dumpster. I guess someone didn't appreciate the gesture. </3 and
Finished recording guitars for one of our new songs today! So excited for you guys to hear what we are bringing soon!
My Droid has video!!!! Now on to the scary stuff.
I think it's the mark of a great player to be confident in tough situations. -John McEnroe
LMMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! RT: : "I was drafted in the 3rd round fuckers! Where the bitches at?!" - that one Punter
I understand there are steroids involved but why is it not a much bigger deal that we are WATCHING HISTORY: A-Rod now 5th all time in HR
People who aren't in the music industry will never understand the music industry.
If i E V E R hear Justin & Harry's voice in one song...IM DYING THINKING OF IT.
I wish my phone was working the right way :/
I want a snack
At the
thank you!!! That's so kind.
can't wait to see you saturday i'm super excited! (:
Ha! RT : RT : What is Romney thinking? Again with the firing?
Ahh. So like Breaking Bad.
I find it funny how people r still dming ask if me and met 1D haha yes we did now yah know! ;)
too bad I am not out there to celebrate with you. Florida is beautiful.
Good Morning, Thank u God for another day. Wishing all Mothers a Happy Mothers Day. Enjoy your day ladies!!!
have a good flight!
Thank you for coming in! Which location are you visiting this afternoon?
you don't have a dog..
Crab cakes and key lime pie. I embraced my inner Aretha today.
Where are you getting this information? It's *NOT* posted currently on their website that I can find (US Pacific Tsunami Warn)
These episodes of Ghost Whisperer are the best, ugh.
he's a senile old man who can't let it go. What do you expect
Q5 Know any organizations that help travelers in need? What’s your fav?
@ praying alongside you for a quick recovery on the new antibiotic! Take care of yourself! xoxo
The Alyssa's control me. Quiet night in was but a dream
After enjoying a wonderful B-day with the family and friends, I'm now back in the office with the girls. We have a ton of work.
How would you describe #CaryHoffman in #MySinatra?
new standards are needed but so is greater funding
what a nice compliment! Thank you Jeremy :)
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. - Geroge Sheehan
Finally!!! My partner in crime is singlee!!! Ah shyyyyt things r gonna get crayyy!!! #notetoselfdonotgetarrested ^_^
I get my jaw unwired/opened on April 16. Yay!
Hailing in #Glendale :)
RT: : Love Your Account! Just starting up over here! glad there are others out there willing to help for free!
the two on the bottom look like they're smiling? How could that be wrong?
You're asking Bill to be safe? Surely you've met his alter ego.
I could sing of Your Love forever! Jesus <3
Looks good, Rebecca! I like the twilight skyline.
Anytime! Have fin and let me how it goes!
Now on the news, "your smartphone will steal your identity"...and your soul. Luckily I don't have either.
Newt Gingrich lays off his campaign manager, but did he think maybe it is HIM that is the reason he is not doing so great? Hm...
isn't the best?! love when he helps me! RT : thanks!
make bday 30 something to remember right
I'm up! Time 4 my daily fix..#$tarbucks
There you go Wade
My brother is getting married in Egg Harbor in late August. Any recommendations on where to stay? Toddler friendly?
much respect for including some stellar indie rappers ( ) in the lasted Public Enemy video
Blackstar performing at the House of Blues September 7th...Finally GOOD hip hop comes to Dallas
what kind of doctor are you (;
GS is one of Cleveland's finest!
brutal shit www.facebook.com/lastseendead
Interview went well, just had some Korean BBQ, chillin with my hubby and the rat pack LOL
they're playing it again at 9:35 in Miami!
am I a freak! Or Naw
8am classes suck, especially when its 34 degrees.
I LOVE that idea-- thank you!!
I am so confused...
Trying to forget someone you loved is like trying to remember someone you never even knew...
i hate when my parents get into my shit..mind your damn business!
come work with me instead. Thanks
good idea for the sporting app idea contest.
I need more followers... tell your friends.
Don't HATE the CHINESE for the SHIT PRODUCTS U Buy from THEM..lol...HATE YOURSELF 4 creating the DEMAND..HA HA
How about the next 3 games? :-)
have a great one and if you ever start to doubt how great 30 is, let me know.
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sorority Sisters of Delta Sigma Theta. Much Love and Many Blessings 2 u 2day
Is magenta your new lucky color? :) Held og lykke! Your fans will be cheering for you and the rest of #SKC tonight!
Yum! Great choice, Kaitlyn!
just kicking it.. You coming to USC vs Clemson?
We will be here all day Monday tracking any Severe Weather.
“: Day 1 of Official Bar- Sponsored by Special guest of #MCC2012”
Sadly I am unable to go to this weekends MWF show in Melrose, Mass ! Was looking forward to seeing and the Trifecta of Terror
#GCB I can't stop laughing!
BIG NEWS.The Diversity Platinum card is now on sale for 19.95 Celebrating Pride Month. Use Promo Code Instinct11 www.diversityplatinum.com
Oh yea ? I'll call u in a few
Off to bed I guess... Might get on the computer before I go to sleep ...smh
Noooottt in a good mood...
Chuck Norris keeps insomnia from getting a good night's sleep.
