Susan Hildreth, IMLS #dpla - what technologies from the last 20 years can we use, and what still needs to be done?
Note to MYSELF: BACK THE FLASH DRIVE UP TO THE EXTERNAL HARD DRIVE! NOW!
"it's not hard to take back our govt"- Kathay Feng
I feel like Cinderella..cleaning..
i'm so proud of you, 24 followers! 👍👏
Had to make a ton of extra lentils to mix with way salty batch from crockpot recipe. All better but will be eating for AGES!
#FF For relevant/real insights to the Latino Market, follow anyone w/ #LATISM - accept no substitutes!
How did you get your #IGNITEDMC video up so fast? Are any others up?
Yes! We'll be waiting!
Sorry. Watching Mildred Pierce. Lots of chapeaus here that look like gash. I'm not altogether opposed.
thank you, have a great monday!
ManU Report: Rio expects tougher United resolve
Yes I have! It was part of my protocol.
You might have gotten the better end is that deal, Don.
it's the future and it's happening so get excited. I want gas station cheddar wurst in my pizza crust!
Amazing #danlor wedding.
Ha! Nope. This is my weakness.
Seeing Kentucky have this kind of fire in their eyes THIS early is scary.
The point.where your about to fall asleep and someone asks to sit next to you...smh
I found local strawberries up here in Silver Spring at Spicknall's Market. We finished the pint before we got home :)
where you are you can try Rose, Pansy, or Daisy for available seats.
RT : " I be a guest DJ at Bristol Bar late Monday night, so come out and have some drinks with me fools!!!!!! "
Appreciate the #listing of #AlexanderInt /recent-interactions!
She looks too young to be having a baby...
About to eat
You're very welcome, thank you for the follow back! :-)
There are several benefits of online colleges. Roll out of bed in the morning and sit in front of your computer. There you go!
#PurpleMonday start w/ a gyro breakfast sandwich and latte!
Who knows what death is? Maybe life is nothing more than a beam of light passing slowly over our changing faces.
they made it! Gonna try the burger w/ peanut butter.
Here's to the Mahomies that support Austin through: drama, rumours, girls, time zones, distance, hate, arguments. Everything.
I bought my lovely iMac on eBay 4 years ago and it still runs like a champ after lots of coughpiretadedcough stuff. No viruses eva
The Internet Marketing Kitcontainsthe following valuable information:
The journey is essential to the dream. - Francis of Assisi
We wonder what the wonderful people of #NoLA will have to offer as 1vsOne material. Stay tuned.
RT : RT : Join us today at the Destination Innovation event, where our own Kat Mahon will be...
welcome to "the A" why are you in town?
CAN WE SEE THE SO LISTEN VIDEO OR
This acceptance speech by the girl from X Japan at the #goldengods is painful.
thanks! Hope you do! And that you have a lovely summer even if you don't!
Damn just thought about the Heat
VAT HAPPENED
Cedar needs a trim. Her toe hair is ooc.
I'm kinda loving that photo of Nikki and Jack too! Love me some Melody and Peter!
How many people? How fancy? I like the Cellar and Casablanca, other people might suggest Noir Bar?
Washington University is looking for people to eat all the fast food they want every day for three months. What they'll get is: $3,500
getting ready to work 3rd shift at the hospital... coffee, coffee, coffee
smile,eyes,lips,hair,voice,laugh,personality,the way he says his name,his swag,the way he talks,dancing,singingandhis body
that's my plan !
you have created an amazing tool. Just showed it to my boss and he loved it.
welcome back
i have some basil cell carcinoma - you use this weird cream that fucking burns everything in it's path.
Yet another Manchester United Win. 2-0 Over QPR. Not a great game but Champions just Win! Glory Glory United!
follow for open dates
Oh, NO RUSH or worries at all! My lack of tech skills are the hold-up! You take the time you need!!
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it.
We play at 10 pm at the . If you're in Memphis, get here. Richard Buckner at 11. and you do NOT want to miss him.
thanks for the website! It really has some great advice
That's the life I'm talking about :) I love that
Reber: I think we have the highest paid state employee. So many people are upset because they don't understand this is the market rate.
or something
Best of luck with the website!
Freedom == Maximizing Human Potential
fab Chicago startup, but I'm a little biased:)
Nearing the end of ME3. I've already thought through every ending. Why should I finish it? Why not leave it in this quantum state?
Thanks for the RT!
You've gone beyond the call of duty!
Parkway Drive <333
You Got To Act Like A Lady ; And Think Like A Man , Play The Game Like A Guy , So You Wont Get Played Like A Bitch .
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Ain't no party like an upper east side party...
Going mikey hunting with we gonna find u uh that sounds creepy but yea mission:find &meet mikey
It gets dat real dat it ends relationships after da contract is up :/
its ok it happens to me all the time. Atleast your doing a ustream
Gonna be a long day
true friends will not lie to you.
I love birthday and rockyroad cake pops!
In God we trust...
RT : great website - lots to learn -- Thx Judge Crater
Today's finals event? Koosh balls and other stress-relieving toys - use and return to the desk when calm! Until then
glad you loved the show!
I'm heading out to "The Resolve" world premiere and after party tonight in Los Angeles, CA if you are going to be there, come up and say hi.
i did and thanks so do you(:
it’s not about what you’ve done, it’s about what you doing. it’s all about where you going, no matter where you’ve been.
Anyone out there been able to use Peer Tutoring for same-age reading instruction in a middle-school setting? Big goal.
Headed to Madison to see ~ hell yeah!!!
Happy I get off early today gotta get ready start my new job tomorrow can't wait
Casting Net: Taylor Swift nearing noteworthy role as Joni Mitchell, plus Mark Wahlberg, Guy Pearce, Jaden Smith
This Friday ..Mwahaha at The New Parish..with Races and El Ten Eleven show starts at 9
SAVE THE DATE! BJS/JRSA 2012 National Conference, October 18-19 at the Galt House, Louisville, KY; more details to follow…
if I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you, never let you go.
Come back home to vegas!!!!!!
Good game. Not as good as the time we dominated Starkville in college though
yea Shea that singer chick that I don't know lol
I'm halfway thru, I'm diggin. And it's on streaming.
Is it 1:00 yet….Can't wait to see the new iPad!
It's not about the money, money, money
Paid for lunch today! What is this world coming too
I want to see your
Life is full of adventures dont waist your time doing nothing. Explore it while you still young. (:
Well, at least its Thursday!
Someone Followed Me Whoa, ( look at bio ) Blowjobs.rs WHAT!
I will so ring ur bell til tha cows come home!!!
- as a fan, I miss football too. ESPN playin highlights from Lacrosse ain't cuttin it.
Drop the puck...let's go
I Wonder How Manyy People Got A Picture With Me In The BAck Ground !
That's what came out of the last meeting. Thought you knew.
Thank you so much...
so.. went to the wrong apartment last night. called the wrong person about it and now feel foolish. ah well another day
It's about took the field! Making #sportingkc proud!
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.-- Pamela Vaull Starr
Wow.! Their regionals song ìs amazing.!
Mr. Katakowski has a brain tumor :O
24 hours until the season opener against UW-Milwaukee along the Milwaukee lakefront!!! Lets go #MURFC this season is yours for the taking!
I'm in a trippy Radiohead mood right now...
Pam Oliver? Or Oprah
A week and a half left gotta
I think you right....... Let me know when you get the shirts
The brains of kids with ADD/ ADHD work differently from those of their peers. Parenting techniques need to be different for these kids.
SHOWER then NFC :) phone good!
I love you baby. So much!! <3 Thank you. RT : So proud of the biggest STAR in my sky... My wife
“: Miss us on The Show yesterday? You can watch Dr. Sarnoff share her #ProRepair skin care tips here" Please, no ads.
damn bro What happened ? you good ?
damn true man damn true
In case it helps, I'm not having any link problems with the links you tweeted out. :-)
RT : RT : when our praises go up, his blessings come down #Tworship Amen!
It changed. :)
MDAT proposal: Up tolls on Harbor crossings 10/1 to $6 round trip from $4 now (charged one-way both directions).
Oven-roasted puttanesca with pancetta, capers, kalamatas and a rainbow of tomatoes from the garden.
Why do you have to be so bipolar?
GAH! you're the sweetest. Love you forever and for always :)
"I'll give you syphillis if you give me gonorrhea!" My western civ proffesor
Some companies known to hire senior citizens for jobs include ATT, Met Life, CVS Pharmacy, Home Depot, Staples, ToysRUs, Walgreens etc
“: Success tip #4: Don't hang out with toxic people. They'll suck that bursting energy out of you.”
ilove your show!
very creative top
Good point. Not to be discounted is I understand things like little caesar.
Hell of a talk
Too often we... enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. -John F. Kennedy
I have lots of planning to do!! =D
What's everyone reading now? I just finished Girl Reading. What's next?
Yeah if fans tweet something like that, it's awesome. Players, not so much.
yes i now have gold member on bing rewards
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves..."
109* high here yesterday and our ac went out! It's pretty steamy in here right now...
I'm sorry but if it weren't 4 nick Taylor now Justin Selena would of basically would of been a flop Or kinda unknow. To sum ppl tbh no hate
actually both! we're working on the logo first and then the poster comes. any ideas you have could help a ton
ok sounds good
Shoutout to the woman that gave birth to me- La
Courage is the springboard of achieving goals.
Go Follow now :)
RT : I don't drive my Bentley enough to remember where the controls are to move the mirrors...
Thanks for asking girl! I am so excited about the pub date! August 6! I'm so proud of Witch Way to Turn. Can't wait!! :D
3-0 3-0 3-0, love it! But not getting too excited because of the quality of opponents and o-line / running game.
thanx. I'm always looking for fun and creative things to do!
Andrew, can't wait to see you and DM please :-)
Cmon guys, get to 300 followers! They follow back, so go follow them! #leggo. :)
Thanks for following
What are your favorite places? We've talked about featuring a "bachelor of the month"; want that to be you?
Hope you'll tweet about what the Leos are doing here. Did you know that today is "Publicize Leos" Day?
"He's cute....she's cute too." LOVE being with
Hold your head high, and your middle finger higher.
some people just seem to not care, oh well
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 41
Last class
I'm sure they're having a blast w/ the time spent with their dad. Don't bother them. Enjoy them instead
don't lie to her my friend and she won't lie to you, what goes around comes around
I have fresh lemons in the house. Thanks! Will definitely try this. Have a great day Ravyn!
Miley Cyrus' great grandmother and my great grandmother were best friends in elementary & junior high school haha :)
3 martini lunch at It's a good friday. :)
I guess we won't need to hear about Tiger not getting it done on Sundays anymore.
Texting people first <
thanks! I thought so too, but my mama is making me worry. lol
yes indeed!
Hello Twitter, I've been busy #organizing for residential clients for the past week, so I've missed you
safe travels!
stay classy Buffalo... simply the best!!!
“: u got lucky” This is true! I just put up with your odd tastes ;)~
That's way too much Brenneman.
#PopCon Theo Parrish paper this afternoon. Dude's last name is Gillespie. And I'm not in Detroit.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishments.
I want a boyfriend
Rental office try anyway to be nosey I gotta leak wtf is the leak cause I damn sure didn't know of 1 and now I'm trying to hide my dog
#asae11 We were so happy to have you here last night, it was a great time!!!
I will have an answer at 3. Gotta verify my shift tomorrow. But signs are pointing to yes :3
Yah! It's taken me all morning though to look through it and build a simple email! Haha. Are you on gchat? Chat with me!
Justin is evil that way, we know. He got an excellent rating on his last review for it.
Waiting on my clothes to dry so i can hit d road....
I can't believe its not even halloween yet and its snowing in NY O_o
With all the ladies at the Woman's Success Summit
Lots of seeds goin in the ground, as well as micro's indoors! Look for tasty selections at
first Heather now Demi. These women in Hollywood have beautiful families to think about. I guess money & fame doesn't buy you happiness.
AW YEAH.
Had the BEST day of my life! Reunited with my favorite church! and amazing sermons by
RT : #Leo - Who will make out with you for your birthday: Louis
My mama said fuck it nigga hit the streets & live , got some crack in the corner & I did what I did!
oh Kinky:)
Today is our annual chili cook-off, a trophy & bragging rights are up for grabs!
GO CHRISTINE KUSHNER!
yea I just walked there.. And that's awesome haha hopefully they weren't creeping to hard
Life is too short to blend in.
I brought my laptop to work and forgot my charger.
observes the Iowa Caucuses with a viewing of Brewster's Millions
This nigga gone say why I ain't got no kids. My soldiers ain't marching? I said they marching but they get trapped in a rubber balloons.
43 North for dinner then out everywhere for drinks. If you're downtown give me a shout.
Ready for day 2 of #genblue!
Cool. So looking forward to it.
my room is way too small to contain all this stuff
1st row for Mike Tyson 1 man show on Monday. This is a public service announcement to ball harder.
Stone Mad! Wait...was that a couple weeks ago? I'm getting confused.
it's not chinese per se but Pho Kim Long is awesome. Just west of the strip on spring mountain.
If beuty and the beast teaches us 1 thing, it's that looks don't matter. As long as you're a billionaire prince who owns a fucking castle.
Wow. Too many 'K's in the tourney imo
God will love you no matter how much how much you weigh.
Just upgraded my twitter on my phone...
bring the bikes through for a car wash!
We are the 99% of people who like free wifi and unlimited diet coke!
It's official. . . We are up to our ears in holiday merchandise!
Whitney Houston came up on my Pandora. *sheds a tear*
everytime baby nate leaves I get so sad.
Next week's gonna be great! (And thanks for the shout-out!)
i give up, time for a taco.
MAR-FAIL!
consider me outraged!! #SuspendHer!! :)
Love what you do!
Nigga I'm faded
What you're doing to me isn't love.
Wow. 's hour-long retraction is incredible. Mike Daisey's pauses are excruciatingly long when Ira asks him why he lied.
I watched Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman last night. Yes, I'm turning into my father.
I am a huge fan! I play guitar. I've actually learned a lot songs from watching you play!
but it looks like they made their own visualization? That would be a #showyourwork win!
I am a Fairy Gay Mother!!!
To follow, without halt, one aim: There's the secret of success.
Human kindness is over flowing and I don't think it's going to rain today.
I wish was home to join us!!!
#FollowFriday They all rock!
thank you!
I just wanna make my mom proud of me.
oh even better!!! I will shoot you an email! No worries, glad I tweeted you.
I think would really like this book I'm working on "Megacatastrophes!" It's "2012" meets the propaganda of Fox News.
How? Today wasn't even a hard class? Lol
S/o to all the niggas fading last night. Extra entertaining.
“: great job ladies! Now let's hope he brooms are out this afternoon.”
that looks amazing
no, you!
The lively yesterdays are a past... The tranquil tomorrows are now at last...
lol my brother works there lol but in the mall on long island where the who thing happend with bieber and yea i was there
likemind Chicago this Friday at 8 am at Adams/Dearborn in the Loop - will you be there?
Spent 5 mins huddling for warmth under the Morrison Bridge with waiting for the Shamrock Run. His love for his family shows.
My plan too! ": #PLA12 conference tip: if you can stay w/ friends in the host city, pick up galleys and give them as a host gift."
Im playing im so badd my hubby is not texting mii
Phillies: any suggestions for a local company to pick up/recycle old computers and monitors from PAA?
My Lord & Savior Jesus Christ WILLINGLY laid his life down on the cross for the sins & salvation of mankind!!
Game reminds me, sadly, of Lakers tight loss to Dallas last year in Game 3. Only replace Dallas threes with OKC transition pts.
Those look great!
Making a screencast demonstrating Tweetdeck and see that the Junior Seau is trending...Sad.
ugh can't get my iPhone on christmas, my plans not up yet so i have to wait until January :(
The awkward moment when one of your friends says Justin is ugly so you show them your sexiest pic of him and they know it's cute but deny it
In #ABirdoftheAir , Lyman rarely takes his trailer out on the open road. Have you ever gone on a road trip before?
the same happened to me ;-(
We at the game #Brewers need a #BitchImFromMilwaukee shirt or hoodie we got them here
Correct. Must be my underlying love of all things French- I always get it wrong. I should order a 'French Soda, hold the cream.'
Man i do welding fo a living n get burned errday but i swear gettn popped by dat bacon grease hurt worst
"I'm going to steal all your jelly, and rob you of your meat"" --the Ration Blues
Will do, thanks!
its alright guys i got it...thnx anyway....
SONY GOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!! Great game !
Hilarious & true. I remember when getting an Applebee's or Cheesecake Factory was a big deal. Hyper local / online is the future.
You know it man.
going to stop by this weekend for an application... hopefully!!!
my eyes on the prize
I'm good and you? RT how u doin today??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL BEST FRIEND!! I LOVE YOU <3
It doesnt feel like friday, this week has gone by so slow
If u are so concerned u have the Baby on Board sign- you can't also be driving and texting and smoking #whichisit?
Time to read....night all! Z
Policeman: Why didn't you check your speedometer?Driver: It broke when I hit 100.
you know you are a Portlander when you only use an umbrella when it's sunny out
Nice. I still keep a mixture of old Canadian currency in a drawer. Sort of a souvenir from playing hockey tournaments there.
With respect...what does that leave, exactly?
I share a birthday with your mom? Cool!
Exactly; that's what helps us get from Point A to B!
I wanna watch a good movie
Hey thanks! It's just a picture of some chick.
I agree. I think the LT team could make something beyond beautiful. Hear that, Tim?
Gym with my girls 💚
I am willing to be a friend to you if you desire, what state are you in, think about joining this group, it's now
I SWEAR IM GONNA KILL SUMONE RITE NOW
your welcome
haha u just like the words "make it nasty" u kno u cant stop anyways x)
Great brunch to start to the week with It's always wonderful to catch up! Thanks for carving out some time.
Takes a fool to lose twice.
I've spent more time thinking than living. The only way to live is to stop thinking. But all I think about is how I want to live
What is your number 1 goal with writing songs?
Omw to school !
just played a game of apples to apples with my mom, brother, and dad. my dad won, mom got 2nd, i got 3rd, and my brother lost. too bad!
lmao I just had to make a guest appearance real quick
why all these females wanna hit me up when all i wanna do is talk to you?
Last night's show at Disco Volante was hella tight. Liliana y los Chilaquiles played with the CCCP plus Javier Navarrette rocked some perc
my gmail is down! Is this happening to anyone else?
Todd Paul (with his own show and in Dirty Joke Show) was on the cover of Las Vegas Quick Guide. Good goin. See it on my FB page. geechyguy
Los Angeles, Dallas/Ft Worth, and Raleigh-Durham snatch the top listener spots Monday on Rhythm & Jazz Radio with SA a close 4th!
that's false.
My apologies to any followers who got hacked e-mails from my account. Thank you Twitter for alerting me.
I hope that will follow me before she gets to many followers
thanks so much! Feels fantastic! :)
Yes, they should. I have seen email training firms use addresing security/liability issues; real "don't do this" examples are scary.
yeahh.. i guess.. pretty awkward interview really..
Dear Mom, because of you I am what I am today. You carried me for 9 months and raised me. You're a strong woman. RT if you love your mom ♥
that's not the idea.
I as well! RT : It was great meeting you today ! Looking forward to things to come.
Me too! I usually pick up a Kashi chewy bar. The honey almond flax and cherry dark chocolate are the best one's I've tried.
let us quench your thirst with $3 mojitos tonight...
Psyched for my Photo Show Opening tonight, 7-10pm! Come on down and check it out!
I am my own worst enemy.....quite frustrating feat to fight.
Blogging and Cooking: A Delicious Combination
i hate this cold big time.
Music day dedicated to the Dropkick Murphys
have a good weekend sweetie:) heading out on the bikes!!!!!
Importing music lots and lots of music
I always wanted to open a restaurant called Mac and Chez.
was a hack, Im 10 times the shooter he was guy was 2 busy hangin out wit the grateful dead 2 be a great player
If you're missing the #SDMayor debate, you can watch online soon. We will tweet the link when the video is up.
what constitutes decent pricing?
Lmfao I know :T
underwater basket weaving and global communications?
And that's totally ok.
#shouts to everyone who ran our course today! Party was #epic Pics n videos will be posted shortly. Good luck w/ all that unfound mud ;)
I enjoyed your left/right brain info on your webpage!
Maurice Sendak! Maurice Sendak. Outside Over There was the first book I ardently, devotedly loved. You opened a dimension for me...
New show: The Rave/Eagles Club 5/26;8pm w/ Yo Gotti. For info email US at:
He taking a nap in the middle of the field lol shoes off and everything
Q: Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a retarded baby? A: They named him Sum Ting Wong.
Love to get ppl drunk }:)
Thanks for the RT. Appreciate your sharing the word about us.
That's exactly what this stuff is...was
We know the sponsor for the Ferris Bueller ad. Do you want to know? It's anti-climatic.
So far, picked two upsets correctly in NCAA tournament. Colorado and VCU. Davidson and Long Beach St. did not pan out.
same here!
I wish my friends ex would quit trynna hola at me 0_o
You been hanging with Rick
Como lo echo de menos! RT I just saw a guy bring a goat into a supermarket #onlyinspain #spain #wtf #strange but true
Speaking of Grilli, I'm going to make a grilled cheese I saw on Food Network tomorrow.
2 hours for a 13 page case study as an exam is definitely not enough time...
": Pencil thin sharpie brows = Crazy."
I hope they don't mind the comparison, but they have the vibe of a Southern Fallout Boy.
dude i bet a lot of girls will watch the video big seans in it hahaha
You're twitter is not retweeting your tweets upon your twitter !
Good night.
High school kids smoking cigs just looks terrible.
awh, text me! ❤
Sorry Jenny, I can't imagine
will do and thanks
Boy who?
She just a sideline hoe..
#ThoughsDuringSchool When did we learn this?!?
may the 4th be with you!
not a fan of Sally as I am a very healthy vegan!
Somehow Felton's mistakes last night don't matter one bit to me. Nothing like an early morn wake up call to establish priorities.
is AJ the odd man out, or does he replace Noesi in the bullpen.
"Idk how to dress for the movies....I don't really go 2 the movies" <--- me LOL. I'll just for for post-film talk (moves on)
what you hood you from?
My business would be better if I could just market better.
heyhey plz rt it would make u 10 times more amazing then u already are and it will give u good luck for the vmas!
omg im love the song mistletoe
Ah, I Am So Tired!
So the #NFL is working on a CBA agreement finally. Hopefully this thing gets done...soon!
This week at work: a 120-minute training on how to use the new phone system. Still to come: the 29-page users' guide. #WhyIStudyI/OPsych
I feel like shit. Everything that could go wrong has
Certain flaws are necessary for the whole. It would seem strange if old friends lacked certain quirks.
Just had the 50th person register for Boise Ice Breakers....Flatbread never saw us coming!! www.boiseicebreakers.com
and in the morning and when were switching classes . ! (:
Thanks for sharing! We love your vending machine :-) cc
you got this chica!! Good luck!
Good morning Tweeters! We have 1 appointment open for today. If you would like the best facial give us a call. 504-523-9990
ha, you and me both sister!
Oh, it sure is! It affected my life in ways I couldn't have even imagined at the time. I basically had to quit playing sports.
"Moving fast is a competitive advantage for the software space" #FB #RIS11 "Move fast and break things"
i should have asked "was it something you said." internet comedy is hard
They say he used to be different. He once had a dog.
Could it be that Pujols is not receiving the same treatment from AL umpires? That in effect changes the zone.
Bead workshops begin 5/22 1-2 PM with Linda -- couple of spots left and she will take names for a waiting list -- see our web site 4 details
Did u like or dislike #RAWTonight?
Looks like we're back! #mylearning outage has been resolved and we are good to go. If you continue to have issues, contact:
hope everything went well and you have a speedy recovery.
My gamer tag on ps3 is ninja_mode_1996
what would we do without twitter really?!
but no walking dead makes me a sad zombie :[
I REALLY WANT TO HUG YOU. *Cyber Hug*
. Thanks for including info!
: "Every tune has its groove." Miles Davis #jazz #music"
On the Blackberry / Crackberry blogs to find answers to those incredible smartphone deficiencies!
Is anyone reading any good books? I'm thirsty for knowledge...
Final decision reSoMeT 12 is based on our two city?s bids.
i do
I saw them in New Mexico a couple days ago. They're New Mexican CANADA geese. ;)
Natalie Portman, Black Swan/No Strings Attached. Cosmo the dog, The Artist/RETIREMENT BECAUSE COME ON, HE WAS MADE FOR MOVIES.
Good morning. Thanks for all of the new follows. SPOILER ALERT: S/O & Congrats to #AmazingRace winners, Dave & Rachel, from Madison, WI.
I think we all have tried it once. (laughing)
Thanks to all our military for the freedom we now have. Take the time to thank our men and women of our armed forces not just today but ever
The call to assemble is getting closer and closer...
Just saying..
It bothers me when a book on my shelves is out of order, but gives me hope in the world to know that someone is actually looking at them.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
love you:)
Thanks SO much you guys for coming out! The turnout was FANTASTIC!
Please follow me on my twitter please, I love you I have all your cd your posters I love you!♥♥ 're the best, ♥♥
“If at first you don't succeed then skydiving definitely isn't for you.” ― Steven Wright
Happy 420 To Those Who Dont Live It Everyday
": God is good. Was in an accident earlier today but except for a mild headache I am fine. #grateful"..GodBless you my friend...
": When i get older i wanna be a pornstar my di** all ready 8in" You a lil Freak
its like Im back in my teenage years and we stay on the phone for hours everyday....Have you ever met someone like this?
#Hippies smell like cabbage.
Love it!
In time, not right now. Love you're THRILLED in capital letters!
If you ever feel bad about yourself.. hang out at a ride free area bus stop for 5 mins... you will realize your life is pretty kick ass.
Have a great time!! Enjoy the show and thanks again for using ShowClix :)
just let me know when! :) I miss u!!!
that's exactly what I was thinking! thanks for sending the link!
Yes, remember the conversation we all had on the 12th hole while sleet was pelting us in the face?
Yum! You should try our new lobster-topped entrees! They're delicious :)
The best part of No Strings Attached is the Bright Eyes poster in Ashton Kutcher's house.
followed. Follow back:)
Pedestrian killed on the west side. We think she wasn't paying attention so she got what she deserved. When in doubt, blame the victim.
Good Morning!! Going to be a great half day of work....
up way too early on a saturday...
We're at "Say Hey" tonight for Live It's an opportunity for professionals of color to network. Come by and "Say Hey" at Emanuel Med Ctr.
sorry I love you
PSU Symphony Piano Concerto in G-Minor has been reserved to full capacity on both Saturday and Sunday performances!
dont do it... I commend you
Thank you Scott Brown for supporting Jim Webb's criminal justice reform proposal. Too bad your god awful party still tanked it.
Agreed. I'm working on 2 projects inv urban renewal: 1 in Charlottesville VA ca. 1960s, and 1 in Cape Coast, Ghana, current.
- Which is a better conference the #MEAC or the #CIAA? Thoughts?
Hey-O! We are so pumped to be playing this staurday for their end of the year BASH!
Ikr that's want I said, I'm gonna miss him :'/ it break my heart to see him leave </3
TRAFFIC - Crash - SB Hwy Q in front of the Middleton Dog Park - blockage (in the Town of Westport near Oncken Rd)
followed fool, you better be interesting or else I'm out of here
is allyship a goal for technology and activism asks Maria Rodriguez, UW Social Welfare doc student and community organizer?
Moderate GOPers have bn shut out by local Party structure. Santorum like local faction plays the game better-more aggressive.
BIG EPL match today with Arsenal vs. ManU - Go Gunners!!!
I'm serious man...I just need to know where and when
Had a wonderful time last night singing for Best Doctors event at Heinz History. Met some cool people and ha a blast singing!
One vote for Etsy here. :)
How you doing sir? Name is Leon Bates. I was wondering if i could send you some music to listen to?
Don't forget to have your friends LIKE us on facebook!
O! That is a great idea! Thanks! I dunno if it's out yet, but I will check!
curious about route that side. From train station? Hoping 2 do 1st relaxed ride to Nyack of season next WE if u want to join.
I've been a fan since 1988!! U guys have rocked me,rolled me,punked,funked and souled me! What I'd do 2 kiss AK's tattoo!
Hopefully I'll get to skate with Izac and Xavier tomorrow :D
Thanks for the RT! :D That toolbar was put there by visibli, a social analytics platform!
oh no! I'm sorry. I'll make sure to let her know :-(
So glad you had an awesome time with your family, what you did over there was so heart-touching! you're a BEAUTIFUL soul! Love U
yea that happen
Did you get a buttload of invisible, self-replenishing mega good mojo in your mailbox from today? No. Sad for you then.
life in a blender can be pretty mixed up
why's ur shit look Mexican? u want some real bud hit me up
Seems likely ;) RT : #mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
Since I traded in my coffee for green tea, I don't have to feel guilty about the second or even my third cup.
of course. I could've afforded a nice 3 bdrm house in a not nice, post-industrial city by now.
I look up 'Austin Mahone Ustream' & then click on one & click on the owner of the page *which should be mahone navey*
Kruger's a pass-rush LB with not great coverage skills. Upshaw's known for pass-rush/run defense but say his coverage skills are fine.
Meatloaf, garlic mashed red potatoes and green beans yum yum!!
i'm dying for you to be! i will send the limo. l'chaim!
TeenNick, please encore #90sAreAllThat sometime soon... For those who couldn't see it (i.e. Me)
Leaving a performance in Harrisburg for the Central PA Friends of Jazz. Lots of fun!! Wonderfully appreciative audience!
#np Insomnia - Jill Scott
. I'm gonna watch The Bodyguard over and over again.
cut copy def gave me a Phoenix-like breakthrough for this fest: I was been charred to ashes by the sun& CC brought me back to life!
Now Gmail put the "sign up for Google +" button where the "sign out" button used to be. Clever little devils. But so far I haven't.
Hair is looking a little sparse on top.
bout to hit the sperm bank tomorrow
I am aware of the creepy-as-hell smart marketing I have a feeling it wasn't that...it's real, and you're special.
Today is beautiful, hanging outdoors all day with
Dental Tip: Drink fluoridated water. At least a pint of fluoridated water each day is needed to protect children from tooth decay.
I only /just/ saw your tweet. Thanks! The 1st song of my set at Funky Sole was James Reese "Let's Go (It's Summertime)"
Oh haha, ! I don't think so lol
I like spelling things differently... Just to get some x-tra attention. : )
New snaks on the block...all natural doggie biscuits..for your best friend..Slobber Snaks..come get some!!
Good night boo :)<3
I got you
Whatever it was, we didn't do it! RT : I think we are in jail - oh no!
It hasn't gone unnoticed! Thanks girl!
why am i so funny
Indiana won Ed. Reform Idol this morning making us the "Reformiest State 2011!" Thank you to everyone who voted!
saw you speak then lost you...
DESMOND! Lets go #nats. Caps, its your turn!
Finally a beautiful day on my day off !!! :)
wats wrong with the one u got?
are you moving?
: thank you!! We had a blast!!!
Okay, and then listen to Save The Edge Of Glory. Is a mix between Gaga and Swedish House Mafia. Great too.
We are spending the night in Williamsville, IL. We will get a load tomorrow. Been up since 4:00 am. I'm pooped! Ready to sleep awhile.
u can get a watch offa mi TV...Lol :-)
Get ready for Round 2 of the BIG IDEA for Chase Community Giving! Voters we will need you May 19th!
Congrats to our members -APA Short Video Contest winners
is catering facilities, conference/meeting/exhibition facilities, hotels/motels.
Awesome! RT : Next time a three-way of #MediaChat and
I only got to 15K words on my #nanowrimo. I just re-read what I'd written and...the IDEA is still cool, but about 14,500 words suck.
To those of you that live in Georgia. The word is "sausage" not "soo-sage" there is no "O" in sausage. No offense Paula Deen!
Gone in 60 seconds
Leave $100 in my car and let me find it in the mornin #SoIkItsReal lmao
There are MANY Borderline Personality Disordered, complete SHAMS on Twitter, do you check people out before you BELIEVE a word they say?
“: Wondered same thing. Tradition on construction sites?" yes
Next one and YOU'RE FIRED!!
Come mix and mingle with your fellow RPCVs for our Happy Hour this THURSDAY @ 18th Street Lounge (1212 18th Street, NW)!!
Hey , I love iStat w/1 exception: why is network speed in KB/s. I always have to do the math to convert into more commonly used Mb/s?
Our friends, Sleepcomesdown, are playing a show with Sweet Cobra and The Life And Times tonight at the Cactus Club. 10:00. See you there...
Henry Holtzman (MIT Media Lab) says that current interface research is designed to make people look up rather than down at a mobile device
I like being in the duck shed. Quiet time...ah. :)
I seriously am obsessed with s half smile:) ah! It kills me
Today MOCA Specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Broccoli. Sugar Free Lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Got some open times today, hit me up.
"Professionalism every step of the way Exceptional communication in all aspects and phases of the project...finished well ahead of schedule"
ok -- if you help me fold laundry. said the choc milk was too many calories, but i think it's #WORTHIT!
completely mutual! Great conversation and insight. Thanks for coming over!
Wonderful poem. Highly recommend hearing Collins himself reciting in person. He's an engaging performer.
I wanna go to an art exhibition, i love that ish!
Please do your nieces and nephews a favor and install #kiddori on your #iPhone. ;-)
Little Christmas joke to start the week off - Why was Santa's little helper depressed? Because he had low elf esteem...
Same here! If your tour takes you to MN, let me know!
I got into it via reggae dudes toasting over rap beats and reggae covers of Soul songs. There's some good stuff there.
"The music interrupts him. The patients brighten, hum, whistle, sway their heads or tap their feet."- THE STRAW
Come back home too me...
Breakdown the sales efforts of a top rainmaker, if you do the same activities, w/ same quality, often enough, you will get similar results
yay! I'll hit you when I have deets.
What do I have to do to get flowers?! (don't be gross)
You need to say something? Just say it don't be a coward.
Cyber Monday Checklist: Computer...check. Fast Internet Connection...check. Pepper Spray...check.
Grandma's Birthday Today!!!!!!!
I want to win the Multi-Activity Train Table!
i watched every episode of loiter squad on youtube before i fell asleep last night.
Happy fourth of july!
Marauders have a third period rally in them like we've seen? 27-11 CBA in shots third period is now underway. CBA in Front still 3-1.
cool i will hit you later tonight after rehersal...have a great day at the station FAM...lets get it..
RT : Seeing our neighbor perform ALICE(InWonderland) ? Stop by Armand's for dinner/drinks before the...
Glad you are enjoying it!!!
Mind right, swag tight!
Me: "What would you like for dinner?" Gabby (2yo): "Peanut butter with ketchup." | Well, I asked for it, huh?!
watch ya friends weh you somked wid & run joke wid # them we sell you out
you too!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Dunkin' Donuts - Dunkin' Donuts (live updates)
I need a webcam by tomorrow. :/ or need to borrow one. Its just to audition for The X Factor online. Deadline is Friday night.
looking forward to some interesting tweets
RT :Arm Leg Leg Arm Head
: Guess Who "No Sugar Tonight"
could never vote GOP as long as the platform tells women what to do w/their bodies. Ppl vote the issues.
Hope everyones Ready for #TrendsTues!! It's coming soon!Stay tuned for the TOPIC of the week dolls! Remember tweet a pic! xox
SAY SOMETHING, IF YOU'RE FEELING THE VIBE, SAY SOMETHING, BABY DON'T BE SO SHY<3
What? RT : Install cell phone towers on tall homeless people.
hey you
Today's agenda: laundry, eye appointment, grade Presidents Projects, finish a speech. Challenge accepted!
late night happy hour 9pm to xlse. $4 carbombs, $3 Powers shots, $1 Old Mil and $5 TALL smirnoff cocktails Cheers
are you guys the official people that follow them around and protect them LOl
Super Pollo dinner. Time to shove my face full of yucca...
Join me and Jeff on the game thread! #gobucks we need Hyde!
Always entertaining to watch a bigot in a continuous rant. Recycled hyperbole with poor grammar usage..
I don't think there is intent to damage, but I know that some newbies may quit their jobs to follow this formula.
Meet the Robinsons!
Management by objective works - if you know the objectives. Ninety percent of the time you don't. - Peter Drucker
I wear a safety pin around my necklace so incase I need to cut at school or somewhere else I can.
Bout to head out and see #RedTails!!! I suggest you do the same! And no bootlegs! They don't count!
lmfaoo i just saw this xD
"Every decision about where to put something is an equity opportunity." -Angela Blackwell
Ah. I just woke up! I got in trouble. I fell asleep with the tv on. 8 had a bad dream too. :(
Obama says he's not worried about who the Rep. candidate will be. Kind of like Jimmy Carter before he knew who Ronald Reagan was.
RT man it looks like u got some problems over there w/the crew. U shld have had a BIG bowl of Ochocincos this morning! ROTFL!
Good idea- they are doc's about immigration of Old Believers to America in 1960's- interesting to me, maybe others- not sure.
welcome to twitter to the beautiful You are such an inspiration!!!
Fact 5. I can't wait till may 19th..
I just deleted a whole bunch of pictures off my Instagram, Gonna start somewhat fresh! 👊
Smart! : Since I live in the Silicon Valley I would love to do research on how a freq #massage inc qual of work
whats up Torey hows the skating going keep shredding bro.
Just baked peanut butter chocolate chip brownies for loyal customer in N. Carolina.
Milwaukee, WI we are coming to you Feb 8th!!!
Listening Party. Nu On Def Jam/Timeless Got tracks wit Wayne & Flo-Rida! Reggae Pop future beast. Shout 2
“: I feel almost normal again!” God is good
Okay. Too early, going back to sleep.
no I won't have any til Weds I was saying you'll get free cupcakes the day of the event...
God be with all the Drivers in Daytona Please no one get HURT!
I say "Just go with it" <3 <3 <3 xoxoxoxoxoo! Life is too short!!! I'm wearing my silver shoes tonight! hahah! :)
“: taco bueno and ribs m m good” thas a DAMN good meal
I'll have another!!
they were great, #PDP2010 too. your dept is doing some really interesting things w/ visualization. Hope to stay in the loop.
Where is the Keg located?
The new shit is gonna fuckin blow you away. Stay posted, you won't regret it, trust me :D
Naps. I need one.
Haha, thanks for tweeting that Matt. :)
You are very funny and an amazing brother. I love the way you support Ari and is always there for her.
I live my life by one motto and one motto only
That was an amazing shot
I lovee your new icon!!!! Y u got to be soo cute!
..you want to turn me into someone that im not, we'll see how this goes. (backfire.)
So true.
Natural beauty is for pussies.
Half hour til Easter!
actually using twitter now :O
I haven't seen the last 4 episodes but I'm currently watching... This show is so unrealistic -__-
s/o to Blythe Justen....have a wonderful time on your prom tonight!
I don't see how people eat turkey bacon.
Yeah i need to go because soon we have the awesome on stickam *-*
Wow! What a crowd of Hawaiian Poke Bowl lovers! We love you guys back! #ahi sold out #salmon sold out! Beautiful people eat Poke!!!
Seats for guests are still available for the July 21 Vistage All City CEO event in Charlotte. Call 800.264.2367
Will there be Migua Beef Jerky at the
Thanks for finding me. It looks like is expanding! Congratulations. Let me know how I can help find people for you.
PLEASE MENTION ME IN A TWEET PLEASE
true but this isn't business its personal. Hard to ignore someone speaking of ur child.
haha gullible means u fall for everything haylee hahah good one isaiah
I'm glad you noticed the fact that reffs are always wearing Ed Harley shit :p or anything that is bejeweled :)
Goblin is AWESOME!!!! BEST. ALBUM. EVER.
Dallas, all the way
Losing Nick Collins is a huge blow, but I'm happy he's walking away with his health.
At the gym for a light workout. First day back after the flu.
Get your dog groomed
I'm starving this party needs to get here already lol
Kraft Foods' and MediaVest's are up next. I'm really excited for this one (slightly bias)
Forgive yourself #TDL - I find I often have to forgive myself for judging others. Comes from my own fear of judgment. Not easy. You?
martini night at cava with and caro. $6 martinis? and hummus?! love the extended happy hour.
It does meet the form and function criteria. A definite consideration to be sure.
One thing I can state up front is that I share Mach1's desire to get out of the current mold of beats and find something fresh.
hahaha omg i hate life omg i hate my legs ok bye
We really live in an under-educated and unconcerned society. It worries me. Haha. No, really.
100 Days of ‘Hunger Games ’: A Look Back at Actresses Who Auditioned for Katniss (PHOTOS) A battle was already raging well before pro
thanks! Don't forget to check us out. W.StMongooseEnt.com
Ah, yes. Now I remember why I hate air travel...
ha, still don't get the problem... =)>
RT : #MentionTo someone you want to hear his/her voice right now. ==
made the first Day of Camp Quest with the little ones !Yeah!
I wish I was fluent in Arabic :( I'd feel so fucking cool lol
Used Jedi mind trick on front desk staff to convince them I wasn't really here. Worked surprisingly well.
Just emailed Chiles to schedule my private lesson - eek!
EXACTLY! But they can poop real easy. Only thing I can think of that makes them desirable.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 20
lmao. I'm so slow.. I was sittin here like WTh is he talkin bout! *dumbface*
Wrote "food" instead of "for" when I was taking notes
The reason why parents do not allow their son to play dolls because they want to teach them that girls aren't like a toys to play with.:)xox
Dillion was here. ha!! told you id get your phone sometime tonight Jama.(:
Workin on my Rick Ross impression. This is gon be FUN!
justin asdfghjkl; and now i feel even more stupid for thinking it was the whole video -_- but omg the video is like sex :O
That Yanks series really dropped my confidence level in the crew.
If u can't handle her in sweatpants,then you definitely don't deservee her in a wedding dress. #Drakee <3
I can't complete a single thing today. My brain keeping hitting reload.
ok ok got it
Operation righteous cowboy lightning is a go
The "passive candidate" is constantly updating , even though they're not looking for a job. Stay relevant.
The Dude. The Ronmeister. Just follow him. Together we'll conquer the marsupial invasion. #FollowFriday (via )
Fake Perfection book launch was a huge success! Thanks to everyone who came to the party! W.fakeperfection.com
One last spin of the Luongo anthem then it's bedtime for this guy. Night tweeps..
who is joining my fit challenge come 'on ladies
America a rich mans vision, but a poor mans prison.
ok so when is it? And where?
thanks a bunch!! :)
im soo excited for #BELIEVE HECKK YEAH #BELIEBERE over HERE. You will always have my support ♥ please #RT:)
I'm unsure why some people feel the need to wear Chanel No. 5 to the gym. Ah.
Just click the follow button please <3
“: thanks for following! I just followed you back! :D”Thanks
you can put tickets into someone elses name, call the box office and tell them you want someone else to pick them up
People keep saying.. oh look at the bags under your eyes. Not getting much sleep huh? Yeah, no shit.
Good Luck!!!!
idk thats not what del cuadro told me but watev hey no one call or txt me , the cops still have my phone
You gonna fly with me.
you think that he will finish the game out if the score in Bot 8?
Being public makes Trello accountable; lively; personal. Helps them stay tuned in to their users' most critical interests
how did testing go?
A wise traveler never despises his own country. --William Hazlitt
#FF love back to you! Happy Friday!
You got that right! “: Finishing the week on a positive note, thanks to for the words of advice. #DontSLACQ”
this is awesome!
thanks brotha!!! Ill do my best....
We Bought a Zoo...what a great movie! I laughed, I cried, it really moved me, Bob!
“: what part are you in?” gate c @ tequeria where are u?
Home Prices Fall Again but Show Slight Improvement
I'm going to read my intro and then give one example. Also guessing we'll want to aim for 2000 max
Can't believe we're almost to 700 followers this movement is growing so fast. #togetherwearestrong!
no. It's my iPod.
Have some free time tomorrow or Fri? Stop by anytime between 10am-5pm & help us with a mailer! Call us @ (858) 277-3367 if you can come.
Reuters: how do you get a viable 3rd party candidate? Ballot access hard. People hungry for alternative, time might be ripe.
i can type "ariana grande" with my eyes shut
HIV test NEGATIVE ;^) & STI test results ina week but I think we all know what the Result Will Be! #GUCCI!
same to you!
I felt the earth shake a bit when I read those two words that close together.
I'm thinking back now... MLA in the '80's? It must have been a French word processor! <ducks>
The new maroon 5 and wiz song is amazing.
what's good son?!
looks like you guys got hacked
ha that means saw my body on the big screen - did I look like Gerard Butler in 300? Julianne Moore does a great job
I hope so you were headed for a triple bypass with what you were eating! Take care.
Everyone is enjoying watching the super bowl while Im in bed going to sleep because it is after midnight here. this time difference is
Almost two years in DFW, I suppose it's time to become a Ranger and fan no?
For the Pacquiao fight, Mayweather needs Mr. McMahon to swag walk out during his entrance
We are working on that right now.
I give yall the sweet sixteen st Johns will beat y'all
ok im fona check it out
Turn my music up.... A little more... O right there.
Last night I sang the high F above the staff. It was an easy awesome feeling. Cheers to learning!
Forreal doe it is.
Everybody please RT this and Follow to help stop bullying it is my dosomething.org accounts twitter. Please help and support us.=D
this made me snort coffee through my nose. Um. Thank you?
When my doctor asks me if I get regular physical activity can I count Wii Sports? Hm...
u always got me want'n food drop....lol....
must see the Bill Cunningham documentary at www.filmforum.org before it leaves the best man ever in NYC captured on film
I need to slow down!!
Enjoying a cold Labatts beer for my birthday
exam time!
about time.
bring back goodies from Turkey please! Started sprouting chickpeas 2nite. Still embarrassed I thought the canned ones were raw.
First day of classes.. And the bus has already fucked me over.
#icantgoadaywithout JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!!!!!!
please tell me that Kim K is preggers with Kanye's baby. I don't care whether it's true...if you tell me it is I believe!
I can! (and it's not a book about Demi Moore!)
My class is linking their blogs to their twitter accounts
I tried and failed to see THE REAL THING , but I will NOT miss A LITTLE NIGHT MUSIC, damnit.
Good morning and congrats! :)
This is a little off for my tweets, but has anyone had Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma? I've had it twice & would like to hook with others who have.
NO BABY SWEAT IT OUT
The comments will always be that way haha. The wild west in there, really.
The best defense in flood control. Ecosandbag. 14.5 ounces to 35lbs in minutes. Just submerse in water for 3-5 mins. Rapid deployment
1 more.to a thousand followers!
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by giving free Xbox consoles and Kinect bundles to the viewers.
“: Habla usted español? lol...sorry, I'm really bored today. I'll stop being annoying...I promise, I think.” lol ok
I'm a little tempted to Frankies for lunch.
hahaa shit's expensive there too huh? same with miami -.- lol
Just got an email from a business contact asking if I survived the #rapture. Ah Mondays :)
And future self, if you have a time machine and aren't sharing it with me, you're a bastard.
yea I jus listened to a couple songs you weak as hell lol I'm playin you pretty good
7 in double figures! Spurs starting playoffs very well.
Missed my #NYC radio show. Oh well next Tuesday it's on. I'm a serenade the city with vulgar rude jokes.
I wish would follow me:( it would totally make my day
Guess the Herald Jinx wasn't an issue, congrats
yeah bitch yeah bitch call me steve-o! #Mgk for life <3
Then get that salad a Mason-Dixon Line; the customer always comes first, Tom!
I just fell in the club I hope I don't get put out...!!
my eyeliner broke...fml
The plan. Head from Perla to the cigar store. Smoke & read for a couple of hours. Then come back for dinner. Oh yeaahhhh.
our job is to look good, not to strategize
He's just taking up space, it could have been worse, though
I can't believe i get to see this weekend. Is this real life?
Janet Jackson reveals new, slimmer bod - USA TODAY
A video with practical tips about when and how to do a website redesign for the best marketing results
"and I just cant sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow" - #BestSingerOf2011 <3
Good morning...I don't wanna take my exam today :/
Day 4 of the non payment by kdol.last time this happened it took 15 days to renew looks like I'll have to try to rescheduly my ticket.
Lol do you always wear contacts or do u wear glasses too?
hey thanks for the follow man!
Help us get 10,000 Followers on Twitter by the END of 2010 and we will choose a follower to WIN a $1000 to our Shop Site!
If ur good at something, u wait to get paid to do it.
It looked like a routine fly ball
we've got corn tortillas on hand, but they normally come with flour.
Publishers concerned about bad metadata added, recipients complain that pubs give bad or no metadata on what they need
way to copy my tweet. :p
The History of INTEL | Sonyericsson Themes|Free Download|and ...
heyy can you please follow @ brianna_bell <3 thanks so much xo please get her as many followers as possible u wont regret it!
Maybe next time!
New laptop. -.-
Let's all be credits to our race--the *human* race. End racism, sexism, homophobia, and other forms of prejudice *now*.
Praying for you tonight. May God bless you and show himself to you greater than ever before!
Sample recordings are up on the page, check them out ;)
Anyone on here got the new Xbox Live update yet? It hasn't rolled my way yet
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ❤🎉🎁
Hello :) I hope you're having a nice day ^~^
That would have been 15 rows back too.
30 minutes from Yankee Stadium yes? ok we gonna have to see about getting you to a couple games if you want
small intestine is where most of the digestion occurs, is helps your body absorb the needed nutrients from food
Entering to win a $25 certificate #giveaway at
But stating/publicizing that an updated EO is somehow a vast new power grab is irresponsible.
honestly I like the fans, they give a sh*t and are passionate. But yeah it's fun to beat them, haha.
Thanks for the #TEDMED tweets! I feel smarter reading them, which is has probably not actually happened.
RT : Amen to that!!! Safe travel today, and have fun! :) RT Thank God for another day!// Thank you!!
There's homework in this class. Bo!
Tony campana is the man.
btw, Dear I wish we could "pin our own featured tweets" to the top of our page... like Facebook. Sincerely, me.
no more makin' you cry, no more grey skies
I hate that we need a history lesson to understand man's inhumanity to man
s voice just have me chills.
says Dallas Clark IS coming to Denver.
u r the best guy ever
Religious wishful thinking: imagining that if man plays helpless, God will eventually take pity and make it all better.
Pleasantly surprised to see not one, but TWO higher ed themed sessions on today's #iappsummit schedule!
fall for his shit bitch.
I think I jinxed them with my Game 3 in Dallas comparisons.
that was a solid first-degree burn right there.
They better be!! (P.S. Way to be a leader off the field, too.) RT : noo the young dudes are ready
Waking up next to a beautiful girl, step outside & say hello to my beautiful world.
I ain't tryna be funny , I'm just tellin the truth !
The wiz is on too!!! Yay
can you wish a Happy Birthday ?(:
Happy that it's finally raining in the city which means some midweek powder riding at Cypress mountain only 30 min drive
Got you
Just had an interesting & humorous convo w/ an aspiring photog. "Very nice bokeh" sounded offensive to her until we explained what it was.
yes, unfortunate developments in copyright.
Strong gusts should continue for at least another hour--still breezy after that. Thanks for pics you are sending to !
Is there Roger Mayweather language translation? SAP doesn't seem to do it.
#ImThatPersonWho can get really annoyed or mad at something or someone
waiting for john <3
Great Sunday ALL AROUND WITH Chilling at the house just her and I. #greatdaynnight # no one I rather be with
So not into the gangsta life
THX! RT : did you know RN is following both of us & are giving 100% of proceeds to save the dolphins in Japan.
"Sharks are like the puppies of the sea" -
A business only twitter?
finally made me a sandwich
No but we hear gun shots in our hotels rooms all the time
"It is the petty expenses that empty the purse." Italian Proverb
this is like waiting for the O.J. Verdict come on already
man, that's the worst. Wasting everyone's time RT : I love it when people put a conference call on hold.
Going to see Avengers on mother's day because my mum is awesome(:
“: When Newt sits around the House he REALLY sits around the House.” oh, because he was Speaker...oh, that's funny
Fine line between early dating game playing and outright manipulation I suppose.
Like birds whose wings are broken You live without direction. -bvb
for the presale.
Okay I will set it up first thing tomorrow. I already have three other RP accounts haha
Good bye 20's bring on the 30's!
Aint nuttin wrong wit that! RT : Wish I had a boo...maybe spoil him a lil...Js, Gucci!! Whatever he wants....!!!!!😒
Distance should not matter if both people care.
theres too much unfinished shit in my drafts folder.
Stay Fly!!
You are welcome, hope it was wonderful!
it was good seeing you the other day! I love your store and will definitely be back to buy some more stuff :)
Suspect I'm missing something. Agree; offline would be better.
I'm following them it's like building a SEAL team it takes work!
thanks 4 being cool with my daughter @ pachangafest. I introduce her to artists all the time n u guys r the only 1s she dug
C-Suite execs are shifting to a non-text web - 54% of executives share online videos with colleagues at least weekly
wherever the drinks are , lol
I am standing on the promises of GOD!
My toddler is so cute when he watches 's Ruby's Studio!
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 You guys as excited as I am for the drawing to see who wins a PS3?
#insidetheactorsstudio is awesome
Going To Sleep Early Today!!!
I'm good how's NYC??
Wow #Patriots!!! Lost for words
just watched Music Monday#7!! Nice!!
What type of home are you looking for and where?
Thanks for waking me up -_-
Since we are still on winter break for Taft.. Heading to the beach for
Verlander getting out dueled by the #royals Sanchez and bullpen. That's right the Royals.
When presenting a concern to upper mgmt, bring a solution or be ready to be told to go find it.
GRAND SLAM!!!
": hey sexxy" hello
sorry meant is going to present too
Dear Snooki, he's cheating.
I love your highlights ! You look so pretty :)
Vegan "beef" today!
please add print outs of Johnny Cash and Andy Warhol to you this sign for me!
If you are not listening to the 2 Live Stews and you are a true sports fan , you are missing out! 2livestews.com
updating a business plan... painful.
Jammin' to some hard tunes, that should get me nice and ready for the day! Show the love!
Garrard, being a Dolphins player means all quotes turn into grim foreshadowing. Garrard: "I want them to cart me off the field"
glad to hear the surgery went well. Nothing wrong with GT5 for a little R&R ;-)
why do i hate getting up in the morning so much .
Does anyone feel there are benefits to technology and social media?
Send your rain & hail video and pictures and any wind damage to !
I find it funny.
#TissotTimeOut do u pack lips in practice skoal or grizz?
": I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love."i hope so lol
sounds good i just pitch... guess ill get to know you in a few months haha
I dont have time now to check out guys and girls...huh fml i need texting buddies!!!!
“A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is – it is what consumers tell each other it is.” ~ Scott Cook
It turned out there was a temple trip after all. My names were given to the Stevens Point branch. They did about half.
Hurry home, lover.
whats good with the music are u looking for new artist?
"Fear not those who argue but those who dodge."
Haven't been up this early in a while...and I'm actually UP
whole note: what's due after failing to pay the mortgage for a year.
Just got back from a great Will Hoge show at Pianos in NYC, thanks Ryko for the invite!
Fresh from SUSPENSION too!
“: Tough times don't last tough people do!!!!!” oh yeah
Oh, Ruby, how I've missed you.
Very Nice - Glad You Dug the #WUL Posts :)
"No, It's not really me." All the proof anyone should need in the digital age. I'm sold.
im always gonna be Alexs Girl
somebody didnt get a #unicorn for his 16th birthday!! #bitter :-)
Speaking of food, off to Willy's (no cheese or meat, thank you) to meet up with
Sick buddies FTW :) hahah
joey wiz has fame? i'll take that.
Thanks so much! We appreciate your help and tweet. :)
20 days til I leave for Rome!
all the lights in northern maine go out at 9:01
nothing is free....make money or DIE
"Magnum ice cream. For pleasure seekers." Really?
The fact that I love you<
The breeze is all cool on my booty. *giggles*
Hey loves<33
RIP headphones :'(
#seekingthetruthandthetruthshallberevealed follow me and I will follow u rite back :)
I look forward to learning from you also Enock! Warmly, Jeris
looking forward to it!
Started off the mornin with the wild 2 year olds!! They're so stinkin cute but I swear I got sunburnt playin outside with them
Can't want to my summer break to hang out more with frens and family doing me no stress
Oh Gosh... Yea idk about dancing lolol
Best biscuits and gravy in town! RT : Just committed to yet another lunch meeting at next week.
And I said " I'm just a little bit "
Good morning everyone :)
Portlander spends all day at the bar complaining to his friends about how lame football is. Watches 8 hours of games in the process.
is my inspiration.....just thank u. love u.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.-C.S. Lewis
It's the year 2012. I'm scouring my office for a Windows XP CD because Microsoft sucks balls at being a company.
Happy new year!
Efrain's II (Boulder) hoppin tonight, and no one makes a better marg in town...ask 4 a white lighting...hands down best silver rita in town.
. G&T and 5 hour energy drink. Sounds better than a jäger bomb!
What's the secret to working out of place of Rest than Striving? Plz share!
When do you work next?
“: Hey there's a new coalition: Coalition for Responsible Convention Center Planning. Welcome to the party.” ha ha.
this girls got me mad confused
sorry I somehow lost track of when u r in la? Ox
i'm so bored I need somethin outdoors to do
Hi to our Newest Followers! We anticipate volunteering w/ u. Pls RT! :)
Glad you had a great experience. Pat rocks!
Congrats to on winning $75 in Routledge books! I'll DM you with instructions for claiming your prize!
so i live in nycc but i prefer tea..im not considered odd right? LOOL ;*
When a guy tells you he loves you, don't believe it. Wait until he shows you.
Patriot fans already showing up to get seats. A few Tebow fans as well!
cheesy but I wanna hear ur voice hah
They told you that you had to buy new eyeglass frames just to get new lenses? Shameful!
Heading the EBA event tonight at OddFellows on Leary Way in Redmond.Should be a great event with EBA, Biznik and Woodinville Chamber.
Great work! RT : I don't even think I debuted my new site to the #SYSoul and #WDS folks. Here is the result: www.heyshenee.com
Is it sad that the only thing I think is worth my time right now is work? Meh.
hm. not sure
From Vince (7:44pm: flood advisory for Milwaukee County until 10:30pm. Storms should be east by 8:30pm.
shame I don't fly out till mid day. Next time :-)
good to hear :)
Another consideration: what if you deliver not a product but a process?
I guess so... I'm confused about the whole thing, if I'm being honest.
likewise Pops! I will stop in to say hello next time I am in your hood.
RT : Take the management team, and teach them how to BE the threat. They will do the rest for you! <= Good advice.
According to my Union Contract, I don't work on weekends. That means the phone goes off and sits in my van until Monday. Going to Happy Hour
so your coming?
You never met stephania??? Oxys sister? Its brutal. This is my 3rd Mothers day and ironically tomorrow is my last day. Fuck my ass
oh and nice to see you after ages and ages haha and meet Wyatt!
come get me out of it :)
The 44th district is one of the poorest, if not the poorest, districts in Maryland.
she has maxed out the sexiness. She's almost too hot and idk if that even makes sense
Great day touring Toronto, Ontario! Tomorrow teaching some elementary students music in Guelph, Ontario Should be fun times! #thatsafirst!
ok then I'm really old too cuz I have a cardinal that lives in my yard & I LOVE HIM!
I have been looking at this same sheet of paper for 30mins smh
Actually hoping tonight's Rangers-Orioles game gets cancelled. O's bullpen needs the rest.
Coach Shaw: Keep on Working
Great and you? :)
mom just got mad at me for eating too much Nutella. . .
that is a SUPER WEIRD coincidence.
pull off on these lil niggas
Also a bit amazed he even hits .140.
bummer for you! Go to class and learn something.
Not all guys are tha same
You win some, you lose some....
What are some other ways to prepare kale? I've sauteed, steamed and used in soup?
I wont lie but i have no service at the oment
Dam I'm hearing bad news bout my boy Todd I hope he not dead fuck man
well he better wake the fuck up lmao
If yu n LA this Sunday come support ya twitter patna D$Pimpn. Me and the crew performin 4 AfterMath Jive Sony Universal Records.Thank yu GOD
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
congrats sir. that's a good thing.
BOOK PUB has been RESCHEDULED for NOVEMBER 10. Please make a note of it! :)
love how chingo just kept it real, that's last thing I heard b4 clocking n. Great way 2 start my day! :-)
Media screwed up again. I'm not shopping the Orioles. I'm shopping FOR the Orioles. Showalter needed beef jerky and body wash from Target.
the Tan Bar is now on Twitter! Be sure to "follow us" to get the latest updates, specials and information!
I said I was going to stop but there are so many great tracks on this writing mix...
S/O to my Manager !
hahaha not gonna be "that girl" !
Watch for christmas ima want another phone !""
Just reached 200 followers...Let's keep the momentum going! Please recommend us to as many Newark residents as possible. Thx for your help.
I said you wanted the old nick back and he wants to be that guy again so go back out with him and be happy . .
It's about that time...
any chance of stocking the third kit?
Thank you Tiffany , Mallesh, and Mati Medar for you friendship.
also hoping I can play guitar for ur yoga class again sometime soon; that was great!
Hope you enjoyed...did you try the pot roast sandwich?
": Skyview will play for 4A state title. Storm just beat Gonzaga Prep 63-50."GSHL let's get 2 go prairie
Survived red eye!!! Sweet home Chicago!
the page explaining how to deactivate an account was written for an old account management page and guess what's missing from the new one
No, seriously. RT: Zombies in orange floaties on next #BarCampRoc Tshirt. Who's With me? (cc: )
As often as you are there I am surprised they don't have a Collette Burger...
Yay! RT Well, we just created the Beinecke Library's first accession record in the Archivists' Toolkit.
Yell khadafi in the hallway at school and watch how mony people turn around and cover their buttholes
Had a great day with my babe <3 On the bus home now .
the list goes on and on. but maybe not for sports?
Congrats on being named a TUF coach and my thoughts and prayers are with your family.
👀 RT : Yellow chick with curly hair. RT : I got some bomb ass head from a _____ ____
MINDS: Grade inflation has made it difficult for not only students, but also for educators.
we are thinking somewhere in Nolita. There are a ton of options there. How is 8:30?
CHECK OUT OUR MUSIC PAGE www.myspace.com/dastreetzmusicgroup
Oh real world. 122 emails...voicemails...no heat in the offices. You're making this come back tougher than necessary!
. ha I can barely spell myself and its *hallelujah
Proverbs 16:28 A dishonest man spreads strife,and a whisperer separates close friends.
RT : indianapolis restauraneurs: if i can't find your address on the opening page, fire whoever designed your pretty website
Aww! I just listen too the most cutest message my mother left on my cellphone. I just ♥ my mommy~BAMM.
Sorry I haven't been posting--it's hard to get wifi down here at the Occupy protest.
thank you sweets ;)
i have to bring my 2 year old brother.. He is like obsessed with Justin :) haha its all because of me :P
problem with nprapi is it's custom + story-centric; few others out there doing similarly. devs are lazy, won't try too hard.
went to wake the kid up from his nap because i needed to make an iced coffee run and realized what an awful human being i really am.
its not the voice in the singer, its the singer in the voice HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN, AND RESPECT TO AUSTIN
I hear Dru Hill on the come back check it out he can really sing he just got cought up in a bad record deal artist beware slaves to industry
I saw the Avengers last night too! It was great!!! Loved Hulk in it.
homemade angel food cake really is heavenly... har har!
AT&T: customer service responders sign their responses so users know they're talking to a person.
I just drink it, right?
Lmao hahahahahahaha funniest thing I have heard all day(: haha I feel so bad for you
At Safeco with for Jack Foster's first #Mariners game.
Loved 's "I Shall Be Released" cover at
are you comin to explode tomorrow?
Wishing you beautiful Thursday!
Hate theology.
