i google such random ass things into google
Is Dicky Pride the best name in golf? Driver Dick Trickle will always be on the top of my Best Athlete Names List.
good look
All da sex my parents had If u suffer from insomnia, there is good chance that ur sleep patterns were often disturbed as a child
Dnt need nobody but my niggas n my girl
Low-lying areas including Bangladesh and Florida face catastrophic flooding. Inhabitants forced to move become the first climate refugees.
Little people (midgets) are hilarious!
#golakers yeah somos viejitos-but I believe where's ?
contention, struggle, disagreement
CAME HOME TO MY GRAMMA!!!! :D <3
St. Louis Cardinals home opener today! Hopefully it doesn't get rained out...
Kings-Rangers. Only a matter of time now.
We thank you for coming to our performance last night. Our new band can swing hard. We had a great time.
That stupid rule "cant date till a certain age" just ruined my chance of getting him <|3
Adam from maroon 5 ( i forgot his lastname) is so sexy.
Lunchables are the only thing getting me through this week.
I'm mad my husband isn't on Skype. He doesn't know it but he's gonna be my husband. Haha
For the int'l travelers out there: is NEXUS better than Global Entry? NEXUS is cheaper and works for Canada too..
Going camping for the weekend by the lake. Tent style.
This is the day the Lord has made. Rejoice and be glad in it. Have a beautiful day.
People need to stop talking crap about people they don't know. I've been reading all these really mean things about celebs recently. Not ok.
Bitches stay sacking it lol.
I have so much shit yo do today, what a day.
Now that is too funny and clever.
Two Vernon teens caught street racing on Highway 97
haha followed me a few months ago already :)
Bring in ten friends to sign up and get one year free!
it was awesome. he hasnt even dropped an album yet and everybody knew the words to all the songs he did.
I love getting an email from my teacher saying my group is doomed to fail the project when I'm the only one doing any work.
Very hard to build a team from the draft but they did it.
Great workout for those of you who made it this morning! "It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. " ~ Confucius
Im probably gonna scare people today in my gothic sheek.
Bo all you want, your team got a 3rd degree Burn! No extinguisher is putting out
not to offend bankers but they can be conservative. This is way for nontraditional projects to get funded.
Thanks for the nod!
will there be a live audience? How might one apply to be in the audience?
The American health care system should not be most burdensome to the people who need it the most
you up for doing some photos next time your in Nashville?
Can't BELIEVE THIS SHIT!! How the hell am i waking up super early everyday!! hm..Cause im getting my buff on!! P90X in the morning
Back in Pittsburgh
have a great night be safe love you
2 things that don't go together pigeon poop and restaurants. vegaspressurewashing.com we clean it up so you don't have to
Post something that will make me drippin' smile! :))
#HonestyNight i love sex, but w/ one person
The awkward moment when your bro actually tells a cool story .
New career, That voice made millions, and you look better than him
Np good job. I think I'm pretty much out of the playoff race so I'm rooting for you to win it all.
“: FT Arsenal 0, Chelsea 0. Dire.”. Boring. Clearly both teams are saving something for later.
Give him MY lamp, ayye? Oh, alright. Well you know where to look when it goes missing on Friday.
I done been around the world,met plenty ppl, some good and some not so!
sounds like you put into action ... If somebody asks for your shirt, give him your coat too.
Debating on if I wanna go to CHS graduation Saturday morning
5 year engagement was hilarious! I love
Ears are still ringing!
Do your homework brother lol! See you Thurs if not sooner.
The consumer is not a moron. She is your wife. -- David Ogilvy
Sad isn't it? NIMBYism over culture.
I love the west coast
Pookie! The pics I took with my old camera at Joe's Grad Party turned out fantastic. I should make you copies.
Greetings new followers :) Very interesting bunch!
is a very outspoken, honest, and opinionated person. If you're wanting something sugar-coated .. Go eat a damn glazed donut!!
Does anyone else find themselves annoyed by the "-OTUS" acronyms?
Can I make a wish on my 1111th tweet?
Thanj you very much. The Psalms make excellent prayers.
RT Effective Car Commercials: Now every time I pass a KIA "Soul" in the street I'm disappointed the driver is not a Hamster.
If I have 10 ice cubes and you have 11 apples how many pancakes can fit on the roof? Purple. Because aliens dont wear hats
about to watch fievel goes west !! one of my favorites! bored someone talk to me :p
congratualtions all RT always bring their A game!!!
will anyone be live tweeting Abdu'l-Baha'is visit to America (as if it were 100 years ago)? It could be fascinating! 1/2
Hawt show them see what happens lol you may get a sugar daddy
Good morning. Going to work early. Forced to cover a sick call. Can you feel my excitement?
things come in three's...
lol fb is overrated. I would never spend 30 to 40 dlls a share no way. The hype crowd forgets myspace
Oh bummer :-/ Stay safe!
Oh you miss me, well I don't miss you.
Great to hear we were able to help you!
Sky hazing up - rain coming. Hopefully, more Summerish rain. I live in the land of rain.
What was the first art event you attended in LA County?
I got my "#Money" on #Floyd ....15 Racks.
Tanning bed and haircut after school. 👍👍💇
I feel awesome
hadn't heard of The Butcher Block. Thanks!
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Super fun and addictive!" by Chaunaci
ima need my manager here to disclose those details lol
sounds awesome! I'd be up early just to repeat it all again!
We were Krogering together? U should've said hi! RT : I was in Kroger Turned around and it was !
everything's coming up emily!
In #Sonoma ?See OTTO DIX and 15 other DEGENERATE ARTISTS at ARThouse #Gallery, GlenEllenVillage, close to
hey, I'm doing fantastic. Yourself? Btw, I listened to a bit of your music. I really like your voice! :)
today's open house was a huge success. Doing it again tomorrow morning. Come see green roofs & green walls galore plus rain water harvesting
Good Morning! :)
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. -Epictetus
Rock on #HCMS12 - sorry I have to head out tonight. Enjoy the keynote. You'll learn a ton. Enjoyed meeting so many of you!
Mission Creek Music out by the pool today! Beats, Booz & BBQ | 2p - 8p | FREE! | The Phoenix Hotel | 601 Eddy
": We all have that one friend WHO NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO WHISPER." That is so me LOL
That's what I'm sayin'...
I'm packing up stuff to go into storage but it's all so dusty. Maybe it should go to Goodwill instead.
M83’s show tonight was pure wall-of-modular-synth glory. The brand new tracks were ear-melty heaven.
I love when my boyfriend sucks up to me.... what?
Got my washer/dryer installed today, and I swear that the user manual is thicker than a P.O.H. for an SR20...
this hologram of 2pac #genious man... now can we get an
Cool, have fun! :)
what phone are you using? For me it was right under today's score.
My 100ste tweet is for all the Mahomiess <33 and Austin ofcouse ♥
Getting ready to head back to Los Angeles thanks to everyone who came out to 3 great shows THANKS!
I never seen it but im sure my friend who also owns this account with me has :)
Dealing with a construction worker
Downtown Charlie Brown
Sigh, work ran out of beer. Yes, after one hour.
Today film workshop 2nd day in NYC
that damn song has been in my head. All. damn. day.
Pete Fornatale, Legendary NY Radio DJ and author has died at the age of 66. RIP Pete.
Yum!Yum! Peppers Thai Cusine/Palm Springs is now on board offering 10% off dine in!
I haven't checked mad river. I'm afraid to cuz I have feeling its going to be bad news, too. Haha
What has everyone been doing in this beautiful weather?! Let's see some pictures! Post them here or tweet them to us at !
my night would be wonderful if Lakers lose.....so wonderful!
Think was afraid to play the music to end 's talk.
my best year yet -12 out of 20 thus far...not too bad...:-)
heads to winning schools for Oprah-style award reception. Uses content in #SocialMedia during "off season."
they are 8-8 vs teams who are .500 or better. Let's not go crazy...
Keep that up & you'll have grow your own food.
Maybe Hal Leonard bought the vote?
tremor anyone?
En route to Lexington to start the tour with and
:-) Just in general T. Feeling a bit out of sorts lately.
Thanks for the read!
You're annoying.
RT : #justread Monday LOTS OF CANDLES PLENTY OF CAKE by Anna ,
when you want to retweet someone but you don't cause you retweet them too often lol <<
I'm hungry like the wolf! See you tomorrow night!
LOL!!! New word, graupchy!!! I like it!
Randy and u could of said that at home not on my post
An encore career change from cubicle to solo-entrepreneur combines purpose with profit. Are you ready?
Its time to recharge my battery let my hair down and have some fun. yes yes yes its friday!!
just took my hemo rage, this ones for you man!
Firefighters on motorcycles event to be held this month - WNEM Saginaw
"When we set our goals, life has a way of re-arranging itself with events to begin the motion. Let's make it happen ~The Slight Edge~
perfect doorbelling weather!
Thanks! Yum since I can't go to NOLA Game of the Week 4/6~ Smoked & Spicy Alligator Sausage w Cajun Shrimp Remoulade & Goat Cheese
I want some dang menchies or froyoz...
you ok? prefer to direct message me?
No! Good God, no. She was with me nearly three years ago. Then she left and married this guy shortly afterward.
aye where my girlfriend at i kinda want one?
off to work, lots to do today
Congrats to client Health Systems International for being nominated for
"Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open." Alexander Graham Bell
My first name and your last name would sound great together ;)
Come to the Make-A-Wish wrapping station at Otay Ranch Towne Center Saturday (12-4pm). Get all your gifts wrap and help a great cause!
Thanks! :):) Sweet Dreams!!!
hahahaha!!!!! I bet he was just loving that. lol!
...Then listen close to me ~ Anything can happen, child... Anything can BE!!!
not good
RT Wow... Epic #fail on the #clear speedtest... .71mb/sec download .04mb/sec upload. yikes... I hope just cause it's new.
Follow back please
Another one straight from the GOP debate: boots on the ground.
I think it will!
Daughter went to play at friend's new house. Supposed to pick her up. Realized I don't have their street address *or* phone number.
My mother looked at me during lunch today and insisted I start using her la mer cream before bed. Wtf
the blog is totally down, or otherwise unresponsive. Bo!
Or...stanky leg
we will become the eyes, ears, and consciousness of the universe
Watching The African Queen. Enjoying it. I need to see more Bogart films.
You can do that if you like! It's just easier for us to keep track of everyone's entries when they're in the same comment thread.
I barely remember what windows look like. That was what I first thought of when I saw the pic too.
U were sAaying? Rogers that.
Best alternative to monster & careerbuilder. Real companies, low prices for ads, best candidates! www.joborworker.com
Sleep! Yes please. =]
THEY USED TO BE TOO TIGHT. FANGIRLING OVER HUUUUR.
They Don't Know What To Do, When I'm Hurt, When I'm Angry. You Was My Friend, And My Man And My Daddy.
Our jäger bombs finally or whaaaa?!
Western R&J would be cool, would love to work on that! I worked on a great modernish R&J and a not so great period R&J.
"let's talk about digital content strategy. let's talk about you and me."
- Soon. In the next few weeks.
Excited to spend some time tonight and tomorrow with our leaders at our first Leader Weekend! Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
i love him so much.
"unlimited" is misleading to >90% of the average online backup users. netcdp is more cost effective online backup www.netcdp.com
I always forget until I see traffic galore by my house and then I realize it's free day. Oh well.
#ATTENTION! If you're tired of the SAME OLD #r&b, #GOOGLE & #PANDORA Lamorris Williams! Something new, song w/ #AlGreen & more!
come here for a cuddle (opens arms and starts to cry)
Was epic meeting and last night
looking for a good S.O.S.-style iPhone app that can help me discretely call 911 in emergencies. any suggestions?
hi just sent an email and it didn't go through; wanted to connect about possible story opp
Cinco de Mayo Street Food
Glengarry Glen Ross at next season too!
happy half birthday!!
is here at #wcmia! We will be giving presentations about Responsive Web Design and Writing Effective Proposals
lol I thought I was ✊
Instead of marbles, you try to get miniature Pabst Blue Ribbon cans.
Yes! UNC loses!!!
Niggas who wanna touch you with ashy hands <<
- True. His battle was longer. Oz was on the 5 -year plan.
Breath takings views & great food at "560" than Andrea Bocelli concert! Goosebumps
The one day I wanna look good...I look like poop.
NWC IS KNOWN 4 1 THING !! BRING N THAT NEXT SHIT !!! CHUBBY BOOB, FULLY LACED, ROGUE STATUS 4 DA LADIES ETC.. WE KEEPAZ SEXXY !! Page Theme
"We had a great experience at Wilde Toyota in West Allis. We were treated well, all of our questions were answered, and we found the...
Really glad to have and in the studio all the time these days. Great group of Mpls guys
What's up
thanks man! Always an honor to share the stage with you!
Yeah, he wouldn't...
oops! It *did* seem weird that no one else was excited about it last night...
#ravens select CB Asa Jackson
According to UW athletic communications spokesman Brian Mason, the cardinals squad is favored by 6.5
Still awake 😞
pretty sure it was the woodlands. When We were in Houston for mike's wedding
thanks new follower!
Super Cute "Now We Know" this morning on
Do you know you can purchase the Diversity Platinum Rewards Card for only $19.95? Type Instinct11 in the Promo box in check-out and save!
Q2) Some examples are iPad in classroom, QR Codes at annual training event, Cameo scenarios, internal SoMe - Socialcast
Come out today to I will be there at 2pm talking about #upcycling and art as #Eco Activism, plus exhibiting a few art pieces.
Ladies and Gentlemen!!! My child is the 2012-2013 President of the National Junior Art Honor Society at her School!!! Toot toot Beep Beep!!!
I'm so shitty that they ran out of the pineapple white owls!!!
Abnormally heavy flow - New Straits Times
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening. ~ Alexander Woollcott
Literally just cleaned out my room, unpacked all my stuff, organized it all, and then put it all away.Havent even tried to go to sleep yet..
They were over 50?
not long enough...
I'd love to see MJ at his prime vs LeBron at his prime one on one
"I got the game in my blood - with the mission on my mind, flow my heart down on paper - and keeps my azz on the grind". ~D.Mighty Music~
I'm excited for Thailand tomorrow- flying to Phuket then Koh Phi Phi islands. After that, not sure... still looking to volunteer.
Never burn trash in your fireplace or wood stove; it leads to dangerous creosote buildup
I Love when sing We gone always be together baby that's what you told me & I believe it Cause I ain't neva had nobody do me
Sorry for all thoes pics guys i just love them <3
Minority leader Pelosi addressing general session
today is a very slow day.love it
#tie2011, great google sites class, so much information, brain on overload, can't wait to develop something for education
hey, this may be straight forward but.. Will you be my Superman? .♥
Does anybody love my new ICON? :)
First day of orientation. Bring it....
#SUHSD Bonita Vista HS students leave school early on min day while daytime #curfew is in effect & #CVPD says "No problem", but when...
if you're talking about 1984, it just isn't worth it.
story of my life?
12 mile run, powered by Skittles. How healthy can that be?
Orioles game tonight?
You looked into my eyes...and my heart melted <3
alrighty here's the deal, I just took down all my posters in my room. all 503 of them.
An amazing #phamesparkle 2012 kick off meeting today - get ready for a world of pure imagination, Sunday Nov 4 at the Governor Hotel!
hey hey!!
Slowly Uncovered
......I deny your awesomeness
#swxengage ...and that's a huge prob; blasting same msg across #MultiChannel is often the way many go, sad to say
Sufficently blapped for about ten hours of mayhem
#NorwalkBOE special ed program burden should be on parents, not system. if parents don't like offering, they can seek alternatives.
Hey Davaughn will be posting the pic. I used his camera tonight. They will be on FB & it was nice meeting u 2. :)
That sounds good to us. We're always up to our elbows in it!
Ah, I see him now. was also recently had a cameo as a runner in a video! weird.
I hear that. It's hard to make time sometimes
I know it's allergy season and everything, but this guy at the library has been sniffling & snorting for over an HOUR.
I wish! MOMA exhibit in ATL.
My dog crashed into the glass door because he wanted to chase a cat on the other side lol
That one's the best. "They hated each other" was funny too, but I hang out w/ 13 yr olds all day.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
Met ya tonight in Nashville and bought your cd ^-^ I enjoy it (:
How'd y'all like the premiere? I sang Journey, The Calling, David Lee Murphy, and Matchbox 20, & Rick Springfield!
I hate going shopping in December, everything my mom buys me is now for Christmas
the Lakers D is BIG tonite
I checked out the vids, nice! Do you lease your tracks ?
“: Still trying to figure out which camera at work I can film on.” // Ha ha ha I was wondering the same thing!
#justinbieber RT and Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 2
This niggah is the red hat is annoying afff
A dude just hit me with a "Happy New Year". The 90 day period when you can say that is over.
coloring my hair!
which version? The studio or pro or tour?
Every person must decide whether he will walk in the light of altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'm helping another church struggling with negative social media posts. 2 words: be transparent. publicly reach out, privately reach out.
we put ours eye level!
Hey Adam:) How are you today?
Tonights game proves that George Karl is a much better coach than Mike Brown. Wonder if LA misses Phil Jackson?
earn less than $5,000 a year from
Sorry. I fell asleep. But goodmorning! And love you too tbffl.<3(:
Another eventful night in avon
working on the reference desk tonight, so i'll probably avoid the internet tonight and tomorrow for fear of any #howimetyourmother spoilers.
That looks awesome!!!
Thinking of changing my middle name to Superfly TNT.~>
We're each on opposite sides of the st waiting for busses going in opposite direction. AWKWARD :/ Girl train'g me, not good at training :(
heck yeah.
Beautiful day in Florence and I am stuck inside studying for midterms
If Bilas feels they don't belong in D1, he shouldn't get paid to call their games.
Better late then never :) Good Luck* Got the feeling it's gonna be a lot of work.
I didn't know you could cook a turkey like at home.
Uh.... No I didn't! You did way better than me!
just walked in 5 degree weather to get breakfast. yes, i was hungry. now i can't feel my face.
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
Off work. What's up?
As he's preaching automation, maybe he should have used a robot.
what the fuck you talking about bitch
Hey! Happy Birthday, teddybear!
Guterman: CDC estimated we can prevent 40-60% of child abuse cases through home visiting services.
Got a haircut!
Just Did A Movie
R.I.P. To the #SoulTrain founder Don Cornelius, the Bleu Family sends their condolences to his family....God Bless &
The Understudy. I Love Broccoli. Himalayan Walking Stick.
The band just posted brand new video to www.nemesysband.com
Random ? for you-Do you happen to know of any great hat stores in Boston? I am on the hunt for one to wear to a wedding there
I've always wanted to do the gay videos of me singing but I'm too scared. Oh well.
Good night, slut!
The Wanted can go straight to hell.
thanks for sharing the video!
Good luck to my client Colette and a friend Emilia who are running New York City Marathon this morning running!! Have a great race!
I am still astonished on the fact that I broke my bat today haha
Big Barrel Wednesday Beer is: Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. RSVP to to get on the list. First 75 only. 5/16 7-8pm!
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~ Oprah Winfrey
Johns hopkins is cooking the SHIT out of stony brook
True that. Or maybe it's just that things for men often use quality, timelessness and utility as selling points?
I'm in quite a bit of pain with some fractures, bumps and bruises, but I'm very lucky that It wasn't worse!
Feelin like garbage
Hope we have a sold out crowd tonight. It always makes the show more fun!
Fuck the internet piece of shit
": Summer basketball is heating up...Hicks take it to another level with Rcs sports..". Fasho! U know I will...
I do We do You do is also good for teaching class norms
The Disney store is still the only place I care about in oxmoor mall...
I lost 15 pounds in a month and a half. its a great program.
Let's all take pictures of ourselves watching #BestFriendsForever with our BFF's and send them to !!
Me + Nicole = Cinnamon Challenge x 2 = Hillarious. (:
Jiz may have used their key too many times... but we'll definitely want You back! Let's email? :-D
I'm alive, alert, awake and enthusiastic!!
hey plzz reply I'm bored I'm just listening to ur songs over and over
White iPhone 4 At Last! Due to the delay it became
Really not every nigga the same tho
Damn. It's the train episode in season 2 of #greysanatomy. I don't know how I am going to make it through :((
Cute outfits!
Pianist Ray Bryant R.I.P.
We'll be starting this year's #Cannabis Freedom #March at 11am in Volunteer Park! Come join us!
oh the Tater Tots. SO good, right? I can't get enough of them!!
Hey a bets a bet. Papa Manzos or case of beer. I'd go case of beer if I was you.
Heading to NC on a quick flight to close a potential business deal
The opening of , Persian food and ice cream in westwood, and successfully installing Collective Access =
Niggaz Is Really Mad, Smh Get A Grip
This is (or will be in a couple of years) a nanotech bracelet w/health sensors on inside & air sensors on outside, powered by body heat.
Hence, trash! For me the low point was Diamonds Are Forever. I've recently seen the "good" ones; thus, I'm dumpster diving!
can I get a birthday reply/retreat from The Iatola of RockinRolla? Goldberg still fears you!
coming up with a name is harder than i thought!!
Dat 1 wok n I'll listen 2 it 2moro when I can pay more attention n I'll let u know my take
EXCITED RT": Which sketch group has eight thumbs and is releasing their next sketch on this Sunday? This sketch group!"
is on point with their music today
I actually had the first 8 of my top 10 listed when I realized it might b impolitic to omit someone. Obviously you are in top 5!
Donald Ray Pollacks' creeps are monsters in his books Knockemstiff and The Devil All the Time.
what's your number? I lost it..
Great movie!
He knows who is # 1 fan is, ME !!! stop being a hater,Aaron dont like that
Y do the same movie come on tv ? All the time... Like play somethin new lol I've seen star trek an hairspray 10 time each already smh
what's the drink of choice this time??
HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO HIM WHEN IM TRYING TO GET YOU ON CHAT!!!!! *TANTRUM*****
Going home early>
Remember life and the game is long.
28 school days til graduation and about 54 days til i move back to California.
TONY HAWK MEETS ANGRY BIRDS - running boards
#iOS update finished. #kiddori is still running like a champ. :-)
RT : P.S. Cupcakes are OK at Chernobyl. #FYI <--Good to know.
the negative of going to school in Lubbock
"Hey, what's the pussy like on the east side of the Hamptons..." (while piss drunk) -Rube Sheeber
I love you!
Every time I give public speeches I come home with stacks of questions to answer. Five upcoming chances to ask me yours:...
just read it i just finished the biggest can lol
is it friday yet?
#nce11 ravitch: accepting uncredentialed educators takes us back to early 19th century
When i get home from school, the first thing i look for is food
RT this if you love cupcakes and the
Thank you for listening Atria!
Weather at Carmel is a bit chilly! But the scenes are beautiful!
this has been a crazy ass match so far
Time to relax and kick my feet up
We went and checked out last night. We definitely enjoyed their diminished ham jams. Hopefully they'll come play in TN with us!
Announcing Twitter Chat - Friday, April 20 from 10 - 11 am EST! #CDCEarthDay make sure you going the conversation
You guys wanna go back & get some?!
Thank you for the RT
My contacts feel like sandpaper. Its great.
TODAY: 's 1st Annual College Radio Awards, 5:00pm. Student Center Basement at the UClub.
"how to" should have been inserted--it's not obvious to them. So, agenda.
: Obviously. I should have slammed him.
sitting at doing some studying before heading back to knoxville. Nothing like a good cup of coffee!
Man they tryna make us fall as vitcoms of the system ...
thanks for showing me around Vegas NYE weekend! I will definitely be in touch when ready to buy a condo in Vegas!
Why aren't the refs wearing red jerseys? The no call on Zeller and then the call on Darius back to back prove it.
Woke up early this morning feeling too good. beats me
RT : Monday is Morrone. Tuesday Anu Apte from Seattle's Rob Roy. Who wants to be our guest at Hog & Rocks Wed - Fri?
Normal Fan at a Justin Bieber concert: "Wow! HE'S SO AMAZING!" Me: "OMG! I'M IN THE SAME ROOM AS HIM! WE'RE BREATHING THE SAME AIR!"
k thanks
M! Brownies!
That jhonny rockets burger was too good
More big words?
please follow ? (:
6/1/2012 will be a big new beginning toward that effort.. ;)
Saw & Timothy today :)
southern california is loved by triathletes for its all year ideal training conditions
The Brits, like the Americans- are a miserable, vulgar people. I miss Ireland.
I feel like I haven't been there in so long? Maybe training camp??
What do you love about summer in #NYC?
Thank you Ben <3
the older episodes are so much better. :l
#20ThingsAboutMe I can't even tolerate people with a shitty attitude.
Pretty good! Nice Voice
Seriously cannot wait for Friday.
Looking for Seattle Rock bands interested in playing a show to raise funds for Make A Wish. This will be an all ages show and part of a Film
If you're ever interested in working out together, let me know. Getting lean is what I do!
Tonight is pint night and trivia!! Come see us:) and just a reminder we r open on thanksgiving at 6 pm!
jealous! Where at?
True fact: Big Diomede owned by Russia. Little Diomede owned by US. One mile apart. Could walk from one to the other in the winter.
Good Morning Mr. President!
HOLY CRAP! We start shooting "Sadie" in ONE WEEK! Rehearsals, Costume fittings and HMU Test today with the cast.
sleep would be nice...
It was nice catching the last half of my Varsity Lady Patriots soccer game. #goodoledays #missy'all
#Milwaukee is such a beautifully diverse city! In #2012 Brew City will do great things!
Let your friends know that we're bringing it old school.
Let it snow Let it snow LET IT SNOW!!!!
Who's 3rd in MLB in OBP? You guessed it...... AJ Ellis.
“: I'm pretty sure that I'd be offended if Justin Bieber showed up at my door, with Proactive!” YES 
Tutoring == my most fulfilling job E.g.: Tutee: It compiled! Me: Yay! T: High five! M: *single tear* She learned to high-five good code!
Just finished watching the Finale of #DesperateHousewives loved it! So happy Lynette and Tom got back together!
Aww, nostalgia! (On a Dulles people-mover)
Ignorance is king, many would not prosper by its abdication.
And the countdown begins.... 👏🎁🎂
In the process of updating the blog :)
#indenial #justcaughtupwithsleep [I just got the list of books I'll need for my multicultural materials class- pumped! :) ]
Callers with personal stories about bullying.
I didn't sing at all man Ms.Spann could've waited
What a crazy few days of photo shoots, auditions and rehearsals! I see a mini-cation in my near future! :D
: definitely can dig that... Give me days you think would be optimal & I definitely can shoot to plan for it.
can we be best friends?
I'm wondering what effect this will have on Rondo..
Great quote. RT : "A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it." - Francis Bacon
I have so many tabs open on my computer, it's like a sorority in a bar!
thanks for bringing them by. Every bit helps
Congratulations to Nickolas A. DeCecco Professor Marlin Mickle, who recently won the Ted Williams award in electrical engineering.
Goodnight! I bet it's going to be amazing! <3
hi hoe are u
I WILL CUT YOU
TOO CUTE FOR WORDS!!!!
You've got your vices and I've got mines
And we're off!
I will explain tomorrow.
The atmosphere was good last night too between cubs and brewers fans. At least where I was.
Great production and art direction in that halftime, but Madonna is a muppet, right?
We're thinking about what we can do for the community to recognize Earth Day this year... maybe a free community document shredding day.
The cult of celebrity is cognitive shit running through the bowel of the intellect. - Stephen King
Happy #Spring!! With the beautiful weather here, we'll be spending time outdoors working on our nature
Starbucks ice cream <3
off beat time step combos? Interesting...
At Dulles waiting to board. Appears that state dept helped with deisgn of Intl terminal -- a tribute to capitalism
Shaucete from Dixie of Hopkinsville, KY I adopted Shaucete, a shepherd mix puppy, from the shelter at the age of 7 weeks,out of 7 puppies
ehow is the new about dot com
The comments about race in the casting of The Hunger Games just proves how much we need more diversity in science fiction/fantasy.
I appreciated Twitter so much more after hearing that a homeless man found his daughter he hadn't talked too in 11 years on here. awh :D
Where to for next spring's Girls Getaway? Must have great: beach, spa, food, gym, pool. Open for suggestions!
It is the best thing ever in my book! We are pacing 30 accepted this month!
lol, love the randomness
I followed them:)
RT : So true. > thanks, how are you?
"I don't eat meat"=neutral statement of fact. "I don't eat flesh"=sanctimonious and judgmental. You will not make friends or win converts.
Good Morning NYC! Nice weather and it's Friday :) Best to all people out there today!
I'm sorry but some people drive like complete idiots. Who allowed you to get a drivers license? *smh*
GO BLUE
uh huh. U got to be up bright and early
Yo, you on the road with Saul Williams? Friend of mine has tix for upcoming Portland date.
thanks for the mention!
right? i just really hope the rumor is true & we get tickets<3
I sure hope so!
IM BOUT TO CHANGE MY AVI ITS BEEN A WHILE
happy monday!
I will agree that there are certain members of the electorate that are easily distracted. Like the dog in Up! SQUIRREL
haha I meant vs #Bulls lol
Right back atcha kid.
#Warrior one of the best movies ever!! Dare I say I like it more than #Rocky!
Just hooked up twitter to fb...I'm so IN!
so sad. Will he be the next Bachelor....?
sweat baby sweat thats what life is all about<3 ★★★
Pools open! !
I have a FB friend that does this. She writes "Ima get a job any day now!" She's currently applying to PhD programs. :-(
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
aww I love you! thank you <3 my favvvv
Every episode of Mad Men makes me more obsessed than the last! This is the first season where I've watched multiple episodes twice.
im doing a music video to unfriend you.
Does working out count if you're using Mountain Dew as a thirst quencher?
Phone conversation where no matter what I said,you listened (:
FUUUU. I don't know where my first period is -____-
My vagina hurts -.-
"More room on the mantle for the bigger trophies." - , on winning life, but not literally winning everything.
last week of school before finals. i can do this.
see you soon! Is the patio open?
thanks for the reply jacob. what are your plans for the holidays?
Buying CTA passes for TR clients who have met their weekly goals.
I DON'T SAVE PEOPLES NUMBERS........ **WHO CHANGE IT EVER 2 WEEKS**
try to see vidulgi ooyoo and apollo 18 (both korean bands)!
Right. It's just weird hearing everyone talk about how bad he is when there are, obviously, much worse people to talk about.
because I used to talk to everyone and be apart of most stuff. I quit for a while and there are all these new parodies.
New classes forming now for AllerTrain. AllerTrain K12 also off and running! Thrilled.
lol we've missed you guys so much how's it goin over there?
Bring him too! ;) RT : I wanna go!! And I have that week off - but my hubby would divorce me :(
If "Children are our future" why do they keep cutting funding for education? This must Change.
SO happy for Paige that she finally rocked it and got 1st place!! #dancemoms She was amazing. And Jill can suck it, Kendall nvr placed
I've been studying rather diligently for AP Stats, I think I've earned the right to watch the last few minutes of the Heat game.
how have u been I miss tweeetinq you. :)
hey sexy
Blowing game 1 of this series was crippling for the #Grizzlies. Changed the whole mentality of the series.
You are my hero... How are you, buddy?!? Still #BringingManBack? Let's hang out one of these days- Damn good shows coming up!
I was employed full time in unrelated field before starting PhD. Was delighted & terrified to return to university!
We will be rockin the Asian Festival May 28 & 29 at Franklin Park. Bulgogi BBQ, chicken BBQ, spicy pork BBQ and more!
2 equipped device will be able to send videos, audio, and photos to their big TV screen
Did a unit in May with a class in Texas. made presentations together
How great would it be if Chelsea loses the CL final, then finishes 5th in the Premier League, missing out on the CL entirely next year :)
"Through our inattention, we wasted years we should have used to prepare for lessened oil supplies. The next 10 years are critical."
Make it so. cc
I just got to second base with a stranger. She was quick, yet memorable.
have breakfast at "Smut & Eggs" it's awesome!
Headed to Ryan Correctional Center in Detroit to speak with the Inside Outside theory group. Very excited!
Check your email.
i agree! we still need that saw marathon
You can talk bad about me, throw sand in my eye, spit in my face. But remember one thing... Sometime tonight you will have to go to sleep...
I hate when people say dead celebrities would agree with them. They might mature over time. Or be total jerks. Or maybe they'd still be dead
Me too! RT : I'm cheap “: Any undrafted free agents you think the Chargers should look at? Tweet us. #ChargersDraft”
2011.07.06 #Brewers 3 #Diamondbacks 1 | Back in win column / McGehee socks the game winner / demons exorcised?
thank you for organizing Relay for Life GU event I really appreciate it !
Hey, stop reading this! >:[ jk, I can't stay mad at you.
So glad you could make it!
: RT : we want to see at the warped tour this year!
Watching sexy ass get his half sleeve done. M so damn sexy.
I keep on tellin em but they dont wanna listen...
:) doing fine here, hope you're well
If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty. ~Japanese Proverb
Let the love of Christ shine bright! for it's with lovingkindness that the world will be drawn to!
motivated please my stuff is custom
follow me please:)followed
We have a real old fashiony turntable set up in the shop. Right now playing The Beatles: Revolver, on vinyl.
": people don't believe me."basically people don't like 49ers around here! Haha
Is it weird that I'd rather see what celebs wear on the daily than what they wear on the red carpet? Style isn't an annual event.
Did you know...If 7% of the world's Christians adopted ONE child, there would be no orphans in the world.
The greater the digression, the stronger the progression!
Stay Committed & Consistent and you will achieve your goals.
“ Yep, I think I may have a reason to holla tonight @ Vixen”< Bol...spencer ur a mess.
I kind of figured, but appreciate it all the same. Need to see presence at Hackathons in the Midwest!!!
yeah I'm alone :( lol fuck
really impressed that oob performance of randomForest is out performing quite a bit of parameter tuning in an svm for classification proj
Are you lulled into complacency yet? Just asking...
I have been eating all day today..so not good but Im not stoppin. #TEAM IM SKINNY BUT I EAT!
My picks for tonights UFC on FOX main card? Nate Diaz, Johnny Hendricks, Rousimar Palhares and Pat Barry.
we might be stretching the limits of twitter but let's have a debate on this some time!
Ignorance has become a commodity
lol dude dont break up your comment into 100000 little comments
oh I thought you were because it's the Sixers.
"Welcome to a day if higher education."
But it's okay bc it's the start of vaaacaaay 😃❤🎉
Working in St.Pete Beach FL this week - if you live in cold climes consider coming on down & hitting our wonderful beaches, fab weather, fun
Dedication: RANDY & MARIE SUNERA, Thank you. Love, your family
Christmas tradition time: The Grinch (classic) and wrapping!
what are you wearing with them?
This is coming from the field
thanks love :)
Would love to catch a Phoenix game soon!
And don't you want to do it while drinking deep plum blossom and belladonna tea? :D
whats up with the music though anything new?
Theres a white homeless lady telling all the mexicans to fuck off. im just laughin.c:
read dmacs timeline he just addressed it
Cutie comes up to me on my jog today, thought he was going to compliment me, turns out my dog shit on his lawn :( -Casey
DH is stuck out of town, so I guess I'll have to eat this gingerbread all by myself.
I wanna go to the zoo ._.
I've enjoyed having this week off.
Wonderful day thus far at Northwestern; looking forward to panel with
thank you and just send me links so I can RT or push.
Ready to see the Celtics lose again
I really am crying that he got eliminated
they were phenomenal!!
I love Bluestockings! Tonight's reading/panel sounds awesome!
The tension when some1 had beef with some1 in the lunch... than spill out came, shit got wild >>>
I mean I can try but I work every night this weekend til like 12
You're welcome! :)
thanks J!
I have the best friends ever
farming them retweets again you faggot
Plzzzzzz follow she needs followers she loves kim kardashian so much support kim:))
Oh man day 2 was incredible. I can hardly wait for tomorrow! Go see on the #blackwatch stage to cap the night!
Calia, back on the stand, recalls that #DiMasi was confused by the Globe's 2008 inquiry into his relationship to Cognos.
haha your fucken crazy but this is exactly why I love you!
Bouta get my hur done again ... Loll
I just sang #SaySomethin in the shower. Yee<3
I know right?! Definitely IMAX worthy.
Oh Crud!!! I MISSED MY 5,000 TWEET! D: anways i dedicate it too my BEST ICONic FRIEND Cuz shes always there for me :)
but what about Keynes remark about the long run?
The tougher the challenge- the bigger the reward. Remember: determination, hard work, and perseverance are the backbone of success!
Yeah. PhD's kinda mean that. You didn't answer my question about Rush. In u'r theory, was he in on it or not?
I didn't care what Kirk Cameron thought about gay marriage 25 years ago.
thanks for making a profile! Just featured it.
virtually useless “: How would you rate as a tool for measuring effectiveness/relationship building? #shehechat”
I woke up way to early lol. Work
Last weekend before the end of Spring Break!This has been a nice and relaxing week off!Ready to get back to our first rounds of STAAR test!
Not sure, to tell the truth.
Let me send it to you.
I will not honor Valentines Day until woman honor Steak and BJ Day
think positive for those of us that Believe please Birthday boy:p
We should have a watch party some time.
aww :/ i go to sleep early so it comes quicker!xx
#Nuggets need to save some for Saturday. No #Lakers come back tonight!
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
happy tuesday value everyday that u are out free living life everyday!
Kansas is having a bout of California weather. Beach Day! Oh, wait....
: Thanks belatedly for the #ff!
RT : I'll give away two pair of tickets to the Clyfford Still Museum between 8 and 9 this morning. Monika & David have some...
PLEASE SHUT THE HELL UP! Justin Bieber is not gonna follow you! GIVE UP ALREADY!
Looking forward to my #timemanagement program today. Jan is a great time to form new habits (like Daily Action Planning!)
I'm aware lol there's a guy who flies by every morning at like 5 I think he knows it wakes me up so he does it to piss me off
Cooking for my baby brings me pleasure. Tonight: cornish hens, brown rice, broccoli, & sweet potatoes.
he's not following me
Free agency starts today,as usual the Steelers will be innocent bystanders.
Hey girl, I'm retaking my math on tuesday... Wish me luck!
Looking forward to the Hold Steady show at the Mohawk tonight.
We have an official date for GIS in the Rockies 2012: September 20th & 21st, at the Cable Center in Denver!
totally and good finds...
#ArentYouTiredOf disrespecting females?
Why blame #mikebrown???!! THE PLAYERS PLAY, they decided THEIR fate! Win or lose
RT : Q2 via ‎: Any tips for being able to sleep better in those uncomfortably seats on planes or buses?
you and the rest of 1D have come so far , im soo proud of you .. ily guys
You're at Disneyland a lot...
Agreed! ": Great meeting people like at the Legislative Forum in #Tallahassee #HIE"
Time for sleep, methinks..
thank you!
Today is a good day lol
Listening to Jason Aldean in the morning
#userfocus part of professional development as IAs needs to include "refocusing" and "reframing" per Morville
People hold on to memories because unlike people, they never change. :)
Tony Stark
hey check out and
Waiting to hear Ray Kurzweil speak
You're welcome!
Chinese food #sex lol
We ate dinner at 7 last night, now we are at ihop at 9 in the morning. That means i havent eaten anything in 14 hours.
Scouting with Coach David Dennis
Welcome 2 the team!! Glad 2 have u as a
I want to livetweet I Know What You Did Last Summer but I just... can't. Unless you want to talk about Freddie Prinze Jr.'s eyebrows.
LOL Me too! RT : feel free to type my name...
the cinnamon pretzel sticks i just had were so god !
I hate that I always love the shows that get canceled. Do I love bad tv? Probably.
waitin for my boo to get here <3
that's Cool Blue. He's the coolest.
as uw fan utthoff thing is gross BUT unlike most coaches bo does not run under performing players out of program. See crean, izzo
I already downloading it to my Windows Phone 7 via zune. Listening now.
Kudos to Eddie North-Hager, a great rep for USC in many ways://shar.es/geXHJ
Accidentally tried to give directions to West Village fixture Laurie Anderson, who was helping two Swedish tourists. She was not amused.
lol.yeah it still happens,difference is that nowadays it might end up in gunfire.
Doing nothing all day can be rather exhausting.
Madison Ironman gave me new appreciation for mind over matter. congrats to all that competed
WORST day ever.
#ChevySonic wish u existed when I was 16& buying my first car! Maybe I would have been cool!
Happy Thanksgiving! Watch out for those Turkey ghosts haunting you...
I'm sitting here waiting for his call so it's like when other people call I get a little annoyed..
Totally deserved, no doubt. The universe is a vengeful bitch. :)
cool…I'm getting one today!
Awesome, i have a black eye.
good luck my friend!!! Xo
RT : Our agency FruitZoom is getting a new name plus brand & site refresh! Stay tuned! So excited!!
any good updates to the My Little Pony boyfriend question? Haven't checked it since that night
Mary Stuart Hunter of University of South Carolina on Creating and Developing Learner-Centered Classrooms at
no film in particular. Just a general comment.
yeah! and it's not a billion miles away! great job !!
Ty for kindness! I liked & retweeted your tweet & connected with FB - only with other pic- with sweet dog. Ty. ...Bella
?When you are sharing your joy, you don�t create a prison for anybody-u simply give
Ugh, today is a bust.
The Internet heard us talking. It wanted me to give you this: "What, Exactly, Is a Manic Pixie Dream Girl?"...
haha your racist
I want a better body 😏💪
call me maybe<3
I hate body pains :(
The strength of the knot is what we were discussing.
But on another note I'm out. Goodnight Twitter!!!!!!
“: Sometimes the best thing to do is nothing at all.” AGREE!
Don't forget to #vote today in the Wisconsin Recall Primary Election!!
oh lol...ice been there once
I need followers bro
So excited! As a founding board member for new blended model charter in Indpls, submitted application this week to IN Charter School Board.
All the Lakers fans on my TL have finally shut up. I guess you can't talk shit when you're losing by 30 points.
Tuesdays seem to be the move kind of have to work around--> schedule. What's good chef?
I kinda wanna do a sport
Love my #Amexcard !
Why, thank you! RT You are fantastic! No reason to be nervous!! You look very cancerous :)
Stage-1 HTML5 offline reading working on free short story Nor Iron Bars A Cage. Try on Safari, Android, Chrome, Opera. Tweet back results.
Time for a good hot shower!!!
We haven't updated our links in awhile on our right nav. If your a local spot that wants to be included, let us know!
@ 404 San Felipe St. NW in Old Town Albuquerque
this is actually my first time watching it. I wanna watch it every week now haha
wished i could had gone,but i had to work that night:/ i heard it was awesome!(: congrats!(:&thanks for coming to eagle eye!:)
There's nothing wrong with you! There's actually so much right with you that God didn't make many to match you!
Bout To Be Time To Bring Them Tank Tops Out Though , lol !
Fat boy on a diet: DON'T TRY IT.
She said "concentration camp skinny" SMH!!!
I wonder what would happen if we never even met?
My rent check still hasn't be cashed. I think that means free rent.
Love God, Love neighbors, say goodbye to self......... got it.
Sweet. Keep me posted, I'll keep the evening open.
What city do you live in?
Congrats to WildOrchids09
Finally saw Bridesmaids last night. Loved the glamorous helicopter shots of...Milwaukee's three tall buildings.
what the fuck is caution? Often i leave you flossin in KAWS. exes next to coffins
Swirl of the day is Chocolate Strawberry Cheesecake Crunch: Strawberry froyo with cheesecake bites, cone pieces, & chocolate fudge.
TODAY AT 4pm 's Mayoral Candidates to participate in community conversation on LGBT Human Rights Issues bit.ly/d648C6
Don't believe what the media tells you
#MorganFreeman states every great jazz must master the blues.
I'm actually not asking for myself its for a friend and we need quick relief so non prescription only
Just made me smile! RT : You don't need to explain your dreams. They belong to you. via
87 rocks! Last year it was 103...bearable but just a tad bit warm!
Unemployed Portlander plans to promote solidarity for Wall Street by selling "Occupy Portland" T-shirts at tomorrow's event for $45.
New Colts coach will be, Jerry Gray.
JR with the WallyBanger dunk!
Thx for the #FF from a fellow email marketer!
I don't know.
thanks! RT : Follow as a Resource to Be informed and Take action against issues that affect your community!!!
Chicago allergy sufferers: Do you know of any good deals on megapacks of Zyrtec or Claritin D? I need a new stash.
Currently looking up random people's prom pictures on instagram and commenting on them..
Best show on TV! : Yes, has been renewed! with the news.
Upgrade Your Online connectivity Using a Cable Modem Wireless- modem and wireless router
Buffalo is the place to be....especially UB's center for the arts
that's what time I woke up so somewhere around in there
you're pretty awesome too chica
Awesome that you're gonna film soon! I'm totally jealous. Hope it's all coming together well!!!
Im Just Gonna Say Your Black. Haha. When You Gave Me Ur Number I Put "Jaime.. Mexican"
Torchwood Season 2 done. Pretty good, hope the rest of the series is as good. Question: how do these guys make $$$ or fund their resources?
My parents are the best in the world. I never want them to leave.
when are you leaving?!
I hope it is a good one. I remember when I was still a teenager, haha. :3 *snuggles*
"don't re-nig" lmao. ignorance is real.
yes Chris, I will be there, but maybe also in LA. But in June in NYC. You, let me know, we must meet finally!Happy to meet!
We're announcing details about what we think is a pretty cool contest tomorrow. Stay tuned.
at least you've got a mom nice enough to car shop for ya! ;-)
We'll have the latest flip-flop from "The Donald".. this time regarding someone who changed gender. News8
Why is Harry called Hazza exactly?
I am very appreciative of our connection and am looking forward to strengthening the communication!
Race car driver is not in my top 4. There it is, the word "memories" when talking about auto racing. He won't win.
Trying to make sense of the new Evan's Blue, they lost the distinctive sound but still sound pretty tight.
Here we go Mavs..... HERE WE GO!
thx very much for the follow. Happy to reciprocate. Looking fwd to your posts. Cheers!
veterans! also RT : It's great to see and on the same panel at #ignition2011!
So excited to spend my birthday week training with and
#loex2012 R Brian Stone's slides, videos, brain, and professional voice are amazing.
Just got in a fight guess who won lol!!
Ex 27462 of 's selfishness. "... she took that away from me." -- Bri's marriage. Crazy, it's NOT about U!
Thank you so much my love! You'll be missed tonight!
It makes us smile too! Thanks for the tweet pic!
no thanks!
we rock the boat poesidon
Hey Beautiful. Just added Nom Yum & Free to our album of OBABYBOTs! Have you seen the new additions?
Thanks so much! Looking forward to meeting you!!
I just don't get why my mom would want me to take her..
at least your year is almost over :)
you're still gonna watch it
The guy that wrote "You Light Up My Life" killed himself, irony!
Only if I can pick up, like, 24 of them at once.
#dear14YrOldSelf if she smokes she pokes
3:00. you gonna be around man?
now I'm just waiting for my dad to get of the computer...
There is a texting etiquette.
P.A.Y.S. RANGERS' LITTLE LEAGUE GAME IS AT 2PM FORREST PARK FIELD 3!!!
Sad day today for music fans the world over. One of the great voices of all time passed today. We'll miss you Etta James.
“: BScott said he benched center Tristan Thompson in 2nd half. TT finished with as more fouls (4) than points (3).”
I feel so ugly today, WHY!?
haha! I can't wait to see it!
The later I'm up the more horny I get. An I be up till like 5
that picture sucks
Aw girl I want to!
A Tupac sex tape has surfaced. Think I just threw up a little bit.
That was way too gud
Of what?!
ER with leg pain - patient with mental health issue screaming, why not move her? Hospital needs to treat sensitive patients more
Had a dream last night that I met #PrinceWilliam hahaha. He's really tall!!
You can't do that shit bro.
Thanks for sharing! Yes, we agree. Powerful.
well damn "chill" lmao dont get started
Wine night with my main bitch yes !:)))
Girls in front of me in calc lecture playing life on their ipad.
also follow me some more
You funny bitch you!
thanks for spreading the love! facebook.com/justjawaan
We all grown up playing Monopoly. Having fun doe family time
#f8 timeline reminds me of Intersect.com, bummer for them.
The only real training for leadership is leadership
S.I.F.- Scratching Is Fundamental... ok im gonna go read a book now.
Think long term.
#ificantakebackonething how much would I get?
Get your long overdue oil change beforr you hit the road this summer
I deleted that a long time ago! Haha.
Going to tonight for a belated birthday celebration... so many good reviews, can't wait!! Thanks :)
SEE! Lol it works like a charm!
Thanks for the quality tweets
Where in China did you go? Was it hot and humid at this time?
I like the way you think.
Thanks for the follow and the like of my writing school. I will check out your blog. :-)
Oh, you like latinas then! Cool!
I hurt you, i feel bad, i lost you, i miss you. Life isn't the same without you.
RT : Good (but maybe unenforceable) guideline for kids & screentime: Spend twice as much time creating as consuming
DeadPro plays tomorrow night at Cosmic Charlies!
i miss you girl! we should go shopping or something soon! dm me(=
Dear benevolent dictator, Phase 1 is now complete America is now prepared for your Ascendancy to President, Proceed to Phase 2
One hopes. :)
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Stacie Paul tonight.
Are you trying to viralize your business messages? Tell me...
well thanks for the follow! Downtown love right back atcha!!
Baseball players dont care about my health, so I don't care about theirs. Someone wants to hit 60hrs, juiced?Good.do it for my entertainment
In business and in life, so often we simply do not have because we do not ask. Be bold this week and ask for great things!
It takes 3 umps to watch replay? You're kidding me right...
&#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39; week 4 recap: Who impressed on Rock Week?
IMMORTALS, A MUST C, ESPECIALLY IN 3D
thanks for the hospitality today. Looking forward to a prosperous, creative relationship together. Have a great weekend guys!
great recap Brittany!
Hey I heard you're looking for a good time ;) hit me up
Is there anything in Miami that I should really check out while I'm here? I think I may have sunday off :)
#thingsthedevilinvented political parties
i want rachel berry's closet
Awww thanks! That'd be great!
My life will never be the same
Would love to see a story sometime about working with bullies & parents of bullies, and causes/genesis of the bullying - Thanks!
So people should work for free? That's ridiculous. You imply that someone is taking that revenue to the bank, but its reinvested
Child no. 4 is on the way. Due date is Oct. 13.
Still in shock over being in the bottom 2 AGAIN, while boring old Melissa was safe.
The ESA is seeking to recruit members for the ESA-ESICM Outcome Measures Task Force .
Thanks for the re-tweets and mentions!
congrats Kate. It's gonna be weird not having the den girls around next year!
is it tonight yet?
Headed to Tempe to visit the Arizona State University Libraries!
Planning to learn a bunch of new tech-y stuff in 2012. HTML5 through & other stuff through #codeyear. Pretty excited about it!
Awawhwh! Definitely, I would love to meet you and do all of those things together, like AMEN to that! xoxo♥
THE BEST WERE THE GIANTS WHO BEAT THE 49ERS! ALSO, THE PACKERS HAD THE BEST RECORD IN THE NFL!
Wait so is Ann Curry's extended vacation time also about her being fired?
So cool! That's my Facebook quote :)
Homeland had an amazing first season! LOVED it!!
We both already messed up. .-.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld is Friday :-) love them
RT : Tune in to on today to see some exciting developments with our Will Ferrell campaign!
If we can conquer space, we can conquer childhood hunger. - Buzz Aldrin
If it makes you feel better, you responded to my email right away and fabulously. No email fail. x
Eh, that's okay. It's a Sunday night and I'm on summer break. Nothing else to do
GETTTUUUPPPPP INBERTWEENERS FOURTH SERIES BEING MADE.
- James- I actually spelled ICE T like the drink-know why? Nestor and ICE T were so cool (kewl) in the interview!
If you give me a shout out I will be very happy :)
ok so maybe they will get swept if they keep playing like this
Quadshot espresso is best served as Venti or Grande? Hm...decisions, decisions...
Thanks for the follow! If you ever need a composer...
Lol looks festive
#OMG i cant beleave my eyes #OMG i just got a suprise **)
last day on set, first time eating #chipotle. success.
how gay was dad tonight?
Now that the holidays over, many people are looking to work on their home. What is the next project you plan to tackle on your home?
Subject change? Yes!
so glad to see you on twitter!
It's Spring I get it...But enough w/all this rain already!
niggas that say, "Pussy aint got no Face" is basically saying.. I'll Fuck ANYTHING!
Seoul is tweeting like mad today
The really low, rumbling bass during the bridge in Talk That Talk gets me every time. :')
There are lots of famous Lola's but this one is the only one worth remembering #FollowFriday (via )
Love your food!
If you're goin to Heaven maybe I could hitch a ride, my only way in Heaven is to sneak in thru the side
Phaedra's going straight to hell
its people that only go to "packed" clubs that don't know how t party lol I'm bottle poppin so I'm good
Big fan of Microsoft's tools: MDT, MDOP, etc. ^RB
Looking forward to tonight's BMANYC event. Join us on Twitter for real-time updates at
dude awesome! Gonna be there in about 2 weeks with film!!! Aw yeah have fun man.
you home? I can drop off the money ball.
What are the technologies that have disrupted the way we do things? #DIETribes #blend12 Discuss.
no, the baby monkey song is more than popular in my house. I think it is of the devil. Anything that catchy must be.
Interested in a possible follow up on the poker story with Prescreen? We're also featuring the film when it comes out.
On my second absinthe drink. I may bang a tree soon.
take it, it works...but don't know how healthy it is.
Great fun random night! And Charles Barkley bought us drinks. Doubt I'll ever get to say that twice.
Having way to much fun enjoying this nice weather!!!!
Lakers Win Braves Win Now we need a W from our Hawks
um haha, sorry
Got out quicker than planned. Proteun Bar here I come!
It's just me. I'm missing my team meeting right now.
That awkward moment when you don't know two people have broken up and you ask one of them where the other one is.
What, you can't fix a computer using only the power of your mind yet? Sheesh.
but u already have your knees
Having lunch with my mom!
ATTENTION 'S #GREATESTADVENTURE DROPS SATURDAY MAY 12TH FOR ALL WHO ARE INTERESTED IN BOOKING HIM CONTACT
#Imagine Austin: Close your eyes.You: Okay *closes eyes* Austin: Now what do you see? You: Nothing. Austin: Well, that's my life without you
twittervile SugarCreek Golf n Tennis club is having a Sizzler Tennis Tournament on Aug.7-9 in Dec,Georgia com support Tennis in city ATL!!!!
What's your favorite part about weekends? Sleeping in? No work? Something else?
Kobe is just too smooth with that j
12-Page Paper....DONE! Thank you and coffee for getting me through.
following would like codes :]
did u wacth the brits awards
that was bullshit
Hey Madison: Come to the Staff Development Committee program: Librarian's Tour of Germany Recap TODAY Memorial Library Commons 1-2:30pm
I would hate to have people watching my every move, and not being able to do the things I want cause it influences so many others.
and I are making some big changes to accommodate my allergies. We are hoping for good health and new adventures :)
Had a great time at the Miranda Lambert concert last night. Thanks !
well played Jim... Well played... :)
You are the only one who's bet really seen me
whats good T you guys coming to new york it would be sick to meet you when you come over here..would make my 21st bday awesome!
today's vinyl purchases, part 1: propaganda 10", sitar beat!, zappa valley girl 7"
hee :) You blew your chance to propose!! ;)
You better be getting some fitness along with temple run!
Challenge was cool in hotlanta.
Wade time
LOLOL. My aunt is making my cousin buy me another Justin poster cause he drew on mine. Haha
we love Les Givrals!
Just handed Kraig Karson Lil Wayne's "Green & Yellow" to debut on KISS-FM, so turn up your radio's this songs is hott & we're gonna bang it!
i really wanna fuck Mikey & Nick they're just fuckable boyz
I doubt it! How are you?
What do U want? No; really—what do YOU want? Not what somebody else said; but what's in UR heart. When U know that, then U can have it. ~RM
thanks for coming last night! Your support is immensely appreciated.
Congrats to UK men's tennis for getting the overall #6 seed in the NCAA Tournament and hosting a regional. UofL and IU also in region.
hahhahaha love it! Can't wait till summer we will be going wild !
lmao I love you girls. Omg. FRY DAY!!
Just saw cute couple working on Indy Living crossword Taste.
June 5? Ha no boo :o
because i hate city, he was wrong in what he did, and deserves to be banned and even sacked xx
PTBNL are almost always minor leaguers who are not on 40 man roster
This has been a HUGE week for ! 10 Sponsors, 3 Bands & Tickets went on Sale. Couldn't have done it without your help! Thanks!
Yes I am! When is your gig?
OMG to the Vampire Diaries season finale! All I gotta say... Love this show!
“: In fundraising email #RonPaul asks supporters to donate to #MN campaign for Senate” Elect #Liberty lovers!
Well, you're so busy changing the world, just one smile can change all mine.
wants pancakes for breakfast tomorrow, but isn't sure she's willing to go out into the early morning cold and snow to get them.
no idea i just got here
I'm not good at finishing things, but I sure do love an adventure.
thanks Dee how you doing?
Jealous of girls night-_-
Hazing our new GM Dan Duquette today by making him review our farm system. He has to drink a shot every time he cries.
Really looking forward to the Lakers/Clippers game tomorrow night. It should be a great one>>GO CLIPPERS
You know your roots when at the Mexican food place, they serve you limes halved with a squeezers.
The GAB voted to deny the challenge to the "fake" candidates, allowing them on the recall ballot.
Tomorrow is the last day to get $100 off a set!
First time I see my mom's job,not so bad it has Wifi!!!!!
no problem! Thanks for reading!
How the fack are you supposed to pre order the Believe album? No wonder 10,000 people havent done it yet.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Thanks for replaying the Federer/Djokovic French Open semifinal match! I missed it because I was at work. Loving this match!
I feel like I just found out my favorite love song was written about a sandwich.
These gas prices are freaking me out. In denial that I'm almost on empty and will have to shell out $50 a week for my little Corolla now.
Huge thanks to the team at for #AllAccess2012. What a great week. My heart is full!
Saturday it is!
The Devon Earl bootcut (thank you, !). You're right, maybe a little ankle cuff. Or just sweating in style :)
lol we met in December. See you for
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. ~ Bill Vaughan
�Don�t worry; skills are cheap, passion is priceless
Bill Clinton's opening statement at Eye on Earth Summit ... "We are here because of a shared imperative to build a more sustainable world."
Bull strikes back.
Take care, thank you
So high
great article. Mind if we re-tweet and post on #Fulbright fb page?
Thank you for all your support and amazing gardens!
Layed out all day basically, and still don't think I got a tan. Yay!
don't we all!!
Kobe dnt want no part of the thunder
That picture is 300 people waiting for the author of Coraline
Hello gorgeous weekend!
just heard the full song #PRAY, and i must say, I'm in love
Subway then hittin up the gym!
May be catching Noesi's last start for a bit. Enjoy.
thank you for the RT
Ladies Night is tonight!!! Ladies enjoy 1/2 price drinks from 6pm-close! We also have Happy Hour 1/2 price wine, beer & sushi from 4-6pm!
just saw a vehicle w a room air conditioner stuck in its side and trimmed out w duct tape. and didn't have a camera.
starts on Sunday in the UK. Come see WGSN-Homebuildlife editor Ali Morris present our Sprng/Summer 2012 Macro Trends!
RT : Ubaldo left the ballpark. He told me he's feeling dizzy, a little sick. He said he should be able to make start tomorrow
Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
Rather have a hot head then to have some cold feet
I agree with Rachel. How do I become an extra?!? I would kill to be a zombie in WWZ. Haha.
RT if u r a 80's baby
so I guess since he wont wake up early it shouldn't rain too bad
Something, something, something, hate monday, something, negativity, something.
Arms! Arms! Arms! Paul Taylor company looked good last night.
Cool Liz! Good luck with your panel!
anyone on? might finish this "Fuck Em" track real quick and put it up!
I would add fresh toasted corn muffin w/ butter to that list
That is so nice! I'm glad you enjoy my tweets!!
Happy birthday, chief! Hope you get the chance to sew some electronic doodads on some fabric thingies or otherwise have fun.
even so - it is so much easier to take electronic submissions - nothing to sort through.
Thanks. You too!
dude...so jealous please tell me how it is
"I just want to throw my phone away, find out who is really there for me." Part of Me - Katy Perry
Is dancing in the infield? RT at minor league game in Springfield mo its just like Lansing lugnuts
Take me on a hibachi date and I will give up my morals for the night.
I'd like to hear this RT: Thinking of doing a 30 min solo podcast tonight with the help of and codine
Math flow 😁
Do you have any specials for 6/24 for 2 beds?
Chris Bosh is rattled up!!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
As we watch Archie Goodwin, Alex Poythress, and Nerlens Noel play great basketball, Louisville fans are left to watch spring fball practice
you're welcome. I love stories like that. I have one of my own I need to write soon!
"It may be that those who do most, dream most." --Stephen Butler Leacock
Alright Diamondbacks! Making a big comeback on the Cards!
Coors light became the 2nd largest beer brand in America in 2011! RAISE A SILVER BULLET TO THAT!
Breakfast: Lake Quinault. Saw Big Cedar Tree. Lunch: Forks. Side trip, Cape Flattery. Dinner: Lake Crescent. Now: Port Angeles
I'm here too!
Miss Camai gthered over 30 Alaskan Natives in Platinum, AK to take a group photo holding a sign, "Stop Suicide". I want this to be in pprs.
Hi James - word is there will be hotel discounts at regiatration for
what can I say :) #rollingout of bed is on my resume. now that i think of it, should have a pajama day in the office!
Free coffee and food from Lavazza in my condo lobby this morning! Everything is coming up Milhouse!
Damico (Texas) loses in 3 sets at NCAA Singles Championship. Alex Leatu and her partner (Vandy) go down in first round of Women's Doubles.
I'm a firm believer in continuous improvement, both 4 me & those who work w/me. I make that clear 2 anyone who come 2 the sch.
It`s. Weird. How. The. Voice. In. My. Head. Pauses. When. I. Read. Things. Like. This.
I would love to help you "land" a deal at IAH!
Today at 5pm will have another H-U-G-E concert announcement!!!
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether you and
no time, dawg! Looks like we can't even do it until the 13th. First spoiler I hear lands someone a swift decapitation
I sure hope so! I've been taking voice lessons!!
RT I say is where the true geniuses work.
oh god so you didn't talk to him at all?
Cucumber and lemon are great when frozen and added to a water pitcher!
That one is crazy! With the soccer ball reference. Love that show. Ancient Aliens too.
Search us of #facebook and "like" what you see! It will hit app stores early next year!
On the hunt for your new fave #HappyHour drink? Look no further - #Fridays is now serving Hard #Cider!
Inactive users, spammers, general worthless tweets,
Remember, We’ve extended our Photo contest to this Friday, so get your entries in.
hey you going to derby???
My good friend Joe is flying to Milwaukee to get a haircut b/c his sister (his hair stylist) lives there now.
