hahha well in addition to her great voice, shes got swag. & as dumb as it seems, there are so many talentless famous ppl w/ swag
. Congratulations on everything! :)
The best that anyone has EVER had, ever. And ever.
Meatloaf, Mac n Cheese, Tots, Oh My! Cozy up w/ Comfort Food 4 at 18th & U Duplex Diner on 4/26.
ME TOO! When do you arrive? Make sure and play "spot the writer" in the airport!
looking for a good app to log time on #iPad - want to track how much time students spend in different apps for a particular class. Ideas?
So I got my balls grabbed and my prostate checked. Yup, bad day.
Happy Friday! "Anything is possible. Anything can be." ~ Shel Silverstein
Are you guys offering a pre-sale tomorrow for the Coldplay tickets?
I hope I can finish this weapon before D3.
As a #Pisces people often take your kindness for weakness,but if they really knew that you are not the one to mess with. -Zodiacfacts
Got free coffee at wawa this morning because the wait was too long. Reason #190987 that they rock
Carry-on as much as possible! RT : When flying, what's your #1 tip for making sure everything goes smoothly?
I worked with him on HOBO WITH A SHOTGUN. An absolutely fantastic guy.
wants you to get your Bruschetta submissions in ASAP! The deadline is April 30!
My skin seems to like this no dessert thing I'm trying out. Happy for my skin but a little sad for my taste buds.
Y is it that when I'm running late ppl drive slower & stupid-er? (is that a word)
If they dont let me in through the front, ill make my way through the back
game with and
I survived my 4th annual 30th birthday. For some reason I went to see 50/50. I cried all night.
Merry cinco de drinko you sluts
Detroit's Eastern Market is the largest market district in the country.
5th and 12th, sorry Las Vegas. You should still come down today though!
I'm going to teach the kids that even the parents gave up on. teachers may not be rich but i'll be making an impact in hundreds of lives.
Patriots are trying to move up.
are they staying with Jeff now?
BACK TO BACK!!!
Hey Pam. Just curious, what does your readership/"circulation" look like? The new Patch stuff looks interesting.
Thanks for the advice! I'm working today, but we'll get there as fast as we can!!
yup just did and replied :) same here ahaa i still can't wait to finally meet you <3
#facebook is down everyone is going through withdrawals
you're a great person to talk to. If they don't see that then its not worth your time.
Avengers? FREAKING FANTASTIC !!!!! :D
ha. But what will we use for the all-access pass?
I'm feeling GREAT. Who else is feeling fantastic?!?! Saw my best friends, ate a chicken cheesesteak, and drank lots of sangria.
Yup. I'm just limited in tweeting time.
North Phx. n u
rainy and stormy.....awesome B-)
she ain't ready... Lol. She's been put the loop for a min.
It's National Talk Like A Pirate Day. . .so arrgghhh!!
It's National Static Electricity Day! Hope you have a shockingly good day!
I told you bro.
Thanks fam. You too.
Looking for some good local #bluegrass bands to play the recording stage at Tala Vera
no clue, but I am pretty sure you need to open a shop in seattle. :-)
Today was a good day with her ;) Tomorro i should try and make it even better ;D
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
keep em coming Kyle
After a beautiful but mad dinner party w/t 30 girlfriends last eve, laying low & spending time with hubby today. How about you?
Jay in Lyndon in the KSR house!
You would think so because if they pull it off ; billionaires #KockBrothers and others would be able to ”dictate” peoples lives.
ya man it sucks. Just been limpin around the last 4 days. Lol
it would have to be I AM. its always stuck in my head! :)
Great now we know what Mr. Waitress will be smelling like for the next month.
Hey! You are so amazing! Such a great actor and I love you! Please tweet me back! :} <3
Advising my friend about maternity swimwear made from natural fibres, that holds shape for longer than one summer.
Last day of school...who's ready for some Go-Karts???
no surprise there
What would Tolstoy tweet?
most of my problem is with Larussa. Anyway cards are good team. Rest of series should be great. enjoy your work thnx for chatting
does is taste like you
Sleep well. We all love you
thanks for sharing awesome blog post
We Need To Go Back To That Auto Part Store To See My Boo Lol
Riding in the Chevelle to go pick up Sunshine, makes spending $ on tires not so bad!
I swear every girl tweets at least once "I'm a little drunk on you, and high on summertime".
I think you should make it into a flower pot. Tho that could impede your typing ability a bit...
PC Buyers To 'Wait And See' On Windows 7 Survey reveals almost half of consumers will wait until the reviews are in before committing.
#Educause10 Is there a site out there that makes it easy to do localized #crowdsourcing. Ex/ rate #ideas on how to improve campus community
awesome choices! Have you ever been in before?
Good Morning (: Last day of school for me (;
BEAUTIFUL! Lucky you!
Thinking an established driver wins Daytona today....Dale Jr. ??
haha nice yea I followed them in HS and since SU is out of it I can actually root for them
After 3 declines we are up and running. Ip4 and upgrade cross sale by fiona
OMG - that sounds so good! I think I might need to sneak away from work for awhile. ;)
I think I am having a mini panic attack! I am so effing scared! Maybe I should have taken with me....
I can criticize certain things about the Avengers, but dammit, none of that matters. It was a really fun ride. I want to see it again.
ur hair is to pretty
You're welcome! Anytime!! C:
love the panther pic coach! I stole it lol!!
it seems weird to hire someone that doesn't read news to be a news commentator. maybe I'm just picky.
Hey tweeps! Good day! :)
Thank you! I work on improving my sense of humor daily! Craig's List provides me with so many things I find humorous!
I hate that. I never sign up.
are you familiar with any premed fellowships/national scholarships or awards that you would encourage to apply?
Thanks for speaking. I loved hearing the ?s you ask to make the data to give you the answers u need.
aw fuck yeah
Follow me for a chance to win tickets to my concert(s)
looking for 13 - 17 year-olds for the Google Code In. Looks like a blast with cool prizes.
Why teach a research methods course in the first year? Increases retention, allows early engagement with product & process.
Are you ready for tomorrows Rocktagon's fights???
conquest cap, or level new Protect Pal, what to do
Analog Candle Symphony
Glad hit us with that play by play.
Time is money so i went and bought a Rolex
The ill-tempered narcissist is going to 'teach you a lesson you'll never forget'. They have the audacity to walk away. proud of themselves..
Seriously there isn't a single other person aty my gate including attendants...I swear there is only one gate G17...
you're welcome!! :)
omg outfits were a travesty with the exception of Sharon. I worship her. What a rough week across the board. OMG top 3!!
Hey Aztecs! Spring break is here! We know the perfect place to spend it!
Man City getting that ass beat>
There are a lot of good bachelor pad/grandpa's room pendletons. And like LV, they NEVER GO ON SALE.
HA RT : First time at Rustica.. I'm chomping on a Bostok, which has a name like a monster or a lip implant, but tastes quite good.
It will be a mere 90 degrees on Sun! Perfect weather for noshing and imbibing!
i wanna see cool runnings....tha movie
I leaned back too hard and my studio chair snapped. I'm NFL linebacker size, but...Now I'm using an exercise ball for a chair. Bouncy!
No!!! The done canceled mah favorite soap!
Made steak on an iron after a full day. Competitions tomorrow.
: #MayDay in the US should be all about memory of workers' struggles. Remember Chicago 1886
q5) Learn how to create and deliver content effectively not just the tools used to create content
#GovWalker not looking great on camera these days. Is the Light of truth giving him migraines? An upset tummy?
Would love to hear 60s Dylan singing "…we oil the jaws of the war machine and feed it with our babies…"
It's bad when your own friends dont even like you
So what is a landscape architect doing in an interior design competition?
#news Gary Oldman wins his first acting award in more than two decades for his role as spymaster George Smiley in Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.
If my luggage goes over 50lbs due to paper theres still that stupid fee.. so who cares.
doubt it
If you miss fireworks tonight don't worry, will be giving #steelersnation lots of fireworks during the upcoming season
is "Boo" the new "Garbage"?
I think it's safe to say from the columns that I have no good advice! /that there is no good advice
lol. I made it up talking to you!!
Hello world. Woke up feeling good today
&#9730; Protect your Liberty
TRAFFIC - Semi Rollover - EB 90/94 @ the MM90 (between Lake Delton & Baraboo exits) Semi in the median, no blockage,
Buy One Get One Free Sandwich or Salad. Open for lunch at 9th and Broadway - Mon-Fri! Come over!
it's always weird for me! I'm flattered - which article/class?
Perfect day to go to the lake. Wish I had some more money to go.
Upgrading to iOS5 at 3 in the morning seems to keep my phone from running into problems
Don't ever feel sorry for yourself or sulk about what your clients ask you to do. Find a price that works or find new clients
Saying "Thats crazy" when you haven’t been listening to someone.
Come on Ovy
Very glad CyanogenMod 9 has selective permissions built in. Sad I have to root/ROM to get it.
so much creeping going down up at CEC. ah
Tomorrow oughta be interesting!!!! let's do this thing!!!
I know right 😢
Eli Manning is getting #SackedLikeSomeGroceries #49ers vs
I'm in Mt. Iron, MN for the Iron Range Earth Fest. Still some snow piles in parking lot.
Shut up you shop at danice
Life may be a pain in the ass at times, but I'm satisfied knowing in not taking any short cuts.
Curious about the future of Social TV? 's Digital Hollywood () panel is about to begin.
he actually never said that he did say u only kissed
"Save water, shower with your girlfriend."
Looks like I'm working a little tomorrow morning...people love the dirty jobs WSDOT-style at the Montlake Bridge pits.
D: aw
Beside that; one of my classmate I 'liked' asked me a question. Ohmy.
You're not that cool motherfucker. Shut your shit Already
Tonight was another great night wit
That's true, but, then again, I don't think intentionally hitting a batter is suspension worthy at all, personally.
We appreciate your input! Happy to judge these scripts and looking forward to 'First Offense'!
my ravens are in first my bills 2nd my texans first even without our key players#1overall and my u mia guys are back 2gether
call or tweet your order in with a pickup time and I'll have it ready :)
probably better than commando boots. Loafer slipper = happy medium?
GODDAMNETTALENTISDROPINGLIKEFLIES!!! I was in class all day WHY DID NO ONE MENTION LEVON!!!! DAMN YOU YOUTH R.I.P. THE BAND
#SomewhereInTheGhetto a mexican girl is penciling her eye brows in and taking duck faced pictures of herself with her baby daddy.
I'd love to get some of your products. How can I get it in NY?
we're so excited for you! The preview was sweet!
who doesn't? It's rent free at least.. I miss you too, GET TO SEE YOU IN ABOUT 33 HOURS!
Free Boulevard Brewery and Amaretto de Saronno tasting today! 4-7pm
Thanks! We're glad you like it! Tell your friends...
How is my playing Bejeweled 10K feet going to cause the plane to go down?
Happy September! Keep an eye out for our September GoFastPass promotions all over Pittsburgh.
#bulls going to lose and its not close.
When you confront a problem, you begin to solve it. ~ Rudy Giuliani
Yes, bring back Good Eats. That show continues to inspire me to cook more so than anything else. It helps me understand the why.
Loving tweets about the Canadians
Goodby NYC...a city of many characters, accents, shapes, and sizes. But mainly sizes!
About this girl...? She has a very pop and funk style, she doesn't sing she MAKE REALLY BEAUTIFUL SOUNDS! And about love...?
the high light of my day... sending a picture of my green card
Days of thinking and I've decided to try. I just have to get an abstract together by the first. I think I can do it.
i love this fireplace thing s/o coon n' speencor
well it is CRS ya know
Dazed And Confused will ALWAYS be one of my favorite movies in the entire world.
And!!!! Lol! RT : Everybody and they momma want to start dieting right before summer..
I don't think Shelly Duncan pulls the ball foul too much....
A guy wearing skinny jeans just walked in with a coffee mug that looks like a camera lens and an old fashioned suitcase
He and Eddie respect each other and that's important. Erick Stevens on the other hand isn't being respectful.
may not be blond , skinny and beautiful on the outside but on the inside she is the most beautiful girl you shall ever meet ;)
You guys remember the #WhiteSox traded Mike Cameron for Paul Konerko, right? Thanks, Ron Schueler.
Meth test got moved to later this week
Madison school officials confirm school will be closed Friday as previously scheduled so that teachers can attend a regional conference.
No Wichita shirt man?
Enjoy your weekend!
: Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
Some people are watching #Glee but I'm watching Switch
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to your tweets! :)
Blues penalized for not rolling away and Glendale makes them pay with a penalty 3-11
just love how people can spin things off of them and make it all be my fault...
I want an office job ☹
iHealth Ventures presenting live at the RWJF Aligning Forces Phase II Judging Session in New Orleans, LA
No!!! Haha xD just a Boss
"Job hunting tips for former offenders." Almost finished with this. You can find it soon on Going-Straight.com.
Anyone notice how COMMUNITY keeps coming up in this #libmade webinar? That's key! Get your community involved!
thank you!! I feel like I JUST watched you guys. Crazy!
mitchell, you have no idea. you really don't. i mean no offense—but ask retired nflers (even "healthy" ones) what it's like
I don't know what's worse, this Then and Now or this history book's grammar.
Ah sweet Sunday
how r u? Hope all is well
yes. We'll run through bushes and shit
Just realized suicide girls are just mediocre looking women wearing eye liner.
I'll look forward to it. I'm a big blind buyer; I buy morethan I can reasonably watch. I don't unwrap til I'm ready to watch.
I love this acronym I heart from Neal Donald Walsch, author of Conversations with God... F. E. A. R. = Feel Excited And Ready!!!
If a woman- used lightly tells u that its none of her biz if u take care of ur kids physically/ financially n doesn't seem concerned RUN.
beautiful and poetic. Just like you :)
Hawaii teachers union to revisit rejected contract - BusinessWeek
Cardinals are Judge Smails
In the morning, sweeten your coffee/tea with stevia or truvia, which are all natural 0 cal sweeteners. Don't get artificial ones!
Lets work RT : i want you to calib with in austin!!!
RT I exercise cuz I still eat bad shit ...oreos um
Even thought the weather ain't good, we still up here n Plan B doing our thang! Be safe ya'll
chili cheese dog, buffalo mac & cheese, salad...@ the Diamond Club! YUM
Happy Birthday, Chad.... Splash some tequila on your Wheaties and make it a great day! :)
And yet again they blogged contrivance and disguise
Every dog has its day, every day has a way of being forgotten. MOM IT'S MY BIRTHDAY
follow back plzz :D
amen jpp ill be rooting for u guys big time tonight.... lets go gmennnn
thanks fellas
neat! have a great shoot!
you need to come to my grandmas bible study next time we have it. I think invited you once but it got cancelled.
Saturday/Sunday 20% off everything in the store!
“: ... sitting here chilling w my girls and my old friend Wannie... #karmenhere”play yo role lol
RARE ONE TIME EVENT: Tasting of RARE Hawaiian Grown & Produced Teas 1:30pm Register in advance $10, Call 402 393 7070
ALL DAY? LIKE EVERY SECOND?
Thank god I got a new phone number when I did so I don't have to deal with these crazies anymore
This weeks SoundDiego episode comes from one of my favorite SD restaurants Kentucky Colonel's FTW!
follow back for my birthday ?
It's far too beautiful outside to be in here doing hw...
this statue in Beijing, what is that? Clueless?
Remodeling? When nailing long wood pieces, stagger nails along different lines of grain to avoid splitting.
Even with a Chanel foundation brush I always use my fingers.
It's National Chemistry Week!
My last 4 dreams have been hyper realistic. Good thing this one was hyper realistic but with a MAGIC BATHROOM.
If I tell you I have a B.A. in English and you ask if I'm a doctor, you're not getting my phone number.
House escrow really confuses me. But I can't argue when I get a big check in the mail saying we paid to much into it this year. (^V^)/Wo0t!
Oh. That's super no fun.
Who's missing the Dog Show already? There's always next year. Or watch Dog Shows from year's past on !
that would look ugly on me anyway
The Machine Head will be performing Live tonight at the House Of Blues - Dallas. Call us now and buy your show tickets: 888-493-0004
get a rice cooker
QOTD: "When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future." - Bernard Meltzer
Lucky you! You must have been the "cool kid" at school. Is your dad's company still around?
see you at the WAC!
the pleasure was all mine!
Woo-Hoo! We've reached 400 "Likes" today! Thanks for following Prolase on Facebook everyone!
its gonna be a long night.
Aww thanks so are u! =]
haha my man you know where it is! We'll fix up this #CourseMeeting and compare notes here I'm sure there's gold in there!
Following you! Thank you.
Follow FBLA members
RT : LOL. Small world! No, we didn't do the cover, just the interior layout.
great to see you guys, date night soon!
I lie because it's comforting for you.
I also went to a vegan restaurant for dinner tonight and got a bomb vegan cupcake.... lots of yummy treats today! ;)
Glad she is so supportive of George, but that man is never going to marry her.
It's tough to beat the 50% off at lunch special So good!
Finally got out of the house tonight. It was only for 5 minutes but I feel like a new woman.
Hey set on ur laptop. On tumbler, talk crap act like ur mr know it all! ya ur cool!
emailed you a couple of songs!
hey how can I find it??
That's so true...
Oh. Good one!
Lol No Problem Hun :-) Hope To See Nd Your Friends At The Show!
Happy #Thanksgiving! Give thanks to #God for all He has done. Remember to be a #blessing to someone as well.
Lmfaooooo im officially scared for life !
Awe no PGH dates :(
I was a little iffy at first but my new favorite show
Thank you #Whitneyhouston for teaching me to sing while I was alone in my room growing up, you were one of my biggest inspirations! RIP
Law In Order Marathon.
Natalie Dormer's characters are always promising kings that she'll give them sons.
Nuggs are hanging around...we need to run FAKERS off floor!
A pinch hit 3 run double by Travis Koch gives Paris a 5-3 lead now
“: Unfollowed. Boring, repetitive, tweet too much, talks about himself etc”--Think that describes everyone on Twitter, Lee
MINK LOOKING REAL GOOD TONIGHT !!!!
Looking forward to watching So You Think You Can Dance and Not Get Injured tonight.
Is it just me or is this season of Jersey Shore lamo!!! It's like everyone's board and stuck playing games that I played when I was 5!!
RT : About to see Wiz right now LIVEE via back stage
Coincidences & intuitions gaining momentum, music video shot, park picnicking, & onwards to webseries screening- my version of Good Friday!
I survived my 21st birthday. I'm never drinking again.
HAHA! (Also, be safe!)
RT : Q3: Buy a reusable coffee cup and start filling your calendar with purposeful conversation times
I probably could stand a chance on American Idol if I could bring my shower on stage.
i just wanted to tell you i love your profile pic:)
Wow. The south end zone is obnoxious.
I hate seeing lazy ass pple leave they carts in parking spaces
Oh I hit 2000 followers! Coolio! G'night from Nashville!
or should i say becks
Who's your pick? Lakers or Celtics?
I remember May Day, as a child, was about leaving flowers on neighbors doorstep and running away. It's a little different today.
LAMBORGHINI MERCY!! YO CHICK SHE SO THIRSTY!!
Headed to the conference today.
ah. Hmm, maybe I'll ask for it with extra MACHINE!!!
where's that? #bullittcounty here
belly dancers celebrating at a salsa club = they need to increase the cover charge lol
back homee!! presentations went well ;]
This made my day! Much love! RT : The only brand i wear is its my favorite!
there not really looking for (serious rappers) basically there trying to sell a gimmick that they can put on tv
is so funny AND right on. We are all secret shoppers & reporters .
I don't shit on piss-water.
yes, I'm getting drunk with him tonight haha
Heading out to meet with in a bit. First we work, then eat good food, then catch up on last few eps of Walking Dead!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
I find humor in everything. Sorry that I like to laugh.
Let's get the fun day started!
No, we just met. It's cool if you just want to cuddle and fall asleep. --Liar about to not sleep all night, but stare at the ceiling.
Why is #vegas so expensive? Forget it I;m staying at a Motel 6
I miss my friend cumin Spanish teacher.. Learn more spanish......... Forget my friend her promise....
like #NICKIMINAJ with dicks! you guys are the shite!
hoping to keep the snow for a few days. Cleveland always looks,better with some white highlights.
an #Aries is adventurous, active, and outgoing
My sympathies to you, Twan. It's always difficult remembering the birthdays of passed loved ones.
where do you find this stuff?
NO NO NO OMG MY GRANDMA IS NOT TURNING THE CHANNEL SHE WATCHING HER SHOW IM GONNA MISS IT *SCREAMS*
Anyone have any connections at PIDC? I need to ask a favor for a small job. Message me! Thanks?
Why do I think Lebron James will be quoting Admiral Akbar's famous line in a few minutes...IT'S A TRAP!
25- your really nice! Even though I talked to you like once. Lol(: talk to me more. <3
Up, hungover and at the dentist.
Just heard a radio ad for a 30-year variable-rate mortgage loan. Have we learned nothing?
I be high so it's coo.
Havarti is the unsung hero of the cheese world.
: Haters let you know you're doing right!
The French amphibious Dixmude—France's newest warship—can act as a seaborne mobile operating base for 16 helicopters.
Very nice. Never would have thought there would be a D7 conversion.. I am impressed
I think that depends a lot on how they argue, there is a healthy way to do it but far to many don't do it that way.
: screw the e.r. that's a piece of cake .I need it for them cuckoo
Ha! Hope not.
like when we met yea ..
Where the fuck is at?
Just found out what gettin' cocky means:] i thought it meant the boys part:))haha:)
Glad his first name isn't Richard
#everyoneisanartist MSG (where is Travis?!?!)
I got my giant poster! Thank you!! :D
Iberville Colony Stone to be star attraction during Weekend of Discovery in Ocean Springs
lol hurry its so boring
So apparently apologizing for runnin into someone makes you a smart ass...
Thanks to you all!
Lunch with always improves the day. M. Korean BBQ.
I told my kids one Sunday that everything happens for a reason, even them tripping and/or falling. Take that 1 figuratively or literally.
hey homie are you feeling better?
Wow another amazing day in Philly enjoying being a part of ArtStar Craft Bazaar! I feel like I'm at the ocean!!!
On the average, we have 60,000 thoughts per day. 80% of those thoughts are negative.
you're so mean lol
RT : I seriously can't wait for hoot fest this summer.
my dogs are being annoying..
Very nice! Thanks for stopping by!
thank you. Have a good week. Happy House hunting.
Thanks, we are looking to add some fun stuff to our website, this is our first try :)
Just remember the only safe and clean energy is solar and wind. All others pollute and can cause problem for the future.
Park Slope residents! How do you feel about the pawn shop that just opened on 9th St? Some say it is not the right fit in this neighborhood.
Thank you BH. I'm on hold for Tech Support... catching up on Cable TV offerings (don't subscribe myself)...not missing much ;-)
everything happens for a reason & they all blessings
!!! Time for THE Ohio State to lose!!!
So many fish in one pond!!!
ah yes: Kilkenny draught... that brings back memories indeed. now i need a workout to deal with the fries...
#MLB exploring possibility of funding baseball scholarships at Division I programs
very nice. stuff like that makes me wish was close to family.
I've heard much about EF5 this evening. I am blind, as I don't know what occurred. I apologize!
RT : Q8: DO U HAVE ANY HEALTHY GADGETS THAT HELP U TO STAY ON TRACK W/ UR FITNESS GOALS? IF SO, SHARE
protip: maybe don't go hiking in iran
thanks! I just realized youre in the area. Keep me in mind when someone you know is looking for a graphic / web designer.
Just spring cleaned by cube! BOOM!
it's a good way to get votes too cause the other candidates h8 🌈 lmao I'm not a fan but that's life :( love you too!
Dancing time ;)
Day one of #techcon is wrapping up. About to get together w/some top-notch speakers to rehearse tomorrow night's #ignite event!
Your life is about to get a whole more awesome.
Gorgeous day @ beach yesterday. Got speck of destructive distillation of organic material on my foot. aka tar. rat backward.
Now you're on the trolley!!
In conf space yes, in lobby yes, in rooms you have to pay. RT : does the Marriott have free wifi?
thanks so much for the follow!
How about get to know them and inspire them? RT : Educate customers, don't "PUKE" features!
you deserve so much more because you are the best at singing you deserve to be signed!<3
I still claim
Don't forget to take a time out!!
this team is different than the carmelo years. this team has actual promise IMO. carmelo was a ball hog and never played D.
Hey!!! Do you saw the moon is bautiful
“: Can't find a job? Create one for yourself, we are the generation of entrepreneurs”
AHA!! how does 1 woman get the SAME treadmill every time? ...she unplugs it (appears broken) until she's ready to use it...i'm onto u!
She was a very special gramma, I think about her frequently. She has nice and very special sons! :-)
Bout to get my day started wish everyone a bless n productive day god is always on our side just believe in him
(Waves) Thank you for RT! Hope all is well! :)
Awesomesauce. MT : This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
Thank you so much for the kind words!
African-Americans use retirement savings more than other groups. We must create business to create and accumulate wealth....
i love making lists. if i could be a list-maker in a professional capacity, that would rule.
Our dependence on foreign oil is a national security issue - and has been - with negative impact in 3 ways: Killing: Env; $
Thank you Hustlers! You are very helpful ;D
gosh!! you have to do lots don't cha'?
and yes, we do. Well I'm pretty ninja at shows! Just not on a daily basis haha xD
Bird Watch
As #TeamQinTheCommunity Thurs wraps up we just want to let all our great followers to know that all week we will be for looking things to RT
Girl there are several songs I'm going to be singing out loud. Including the following: Love Story, Mean and Sparks Fly!!!
A hell of a lot more than you. He is a conservative. You arent. You have lied about him a lot. His record is better n Reagans
How was you're Thanksgiving?
Hahaha seriously!? ... So do I. I Thought I was the only one
did he seriously say he had a big head?! That's awesome, sorry I missed it
I figured as much and was enroute to find you
Watchin Lost al day cause i aint got shit to do
After Party At Shots After
..which is..what?That the electronically mediated is less emotionally deep/true?
Please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com for the largest online selection of fabulous beaed sweaters by Design Options!
Congratulations, Japan! Very proud of team USA!
Good luck, safe travels! RT : #JFK about to board Turkish Airways to see newly American-Albanian
Im here....i haven't been on here in like 2 months. Im sorry lol :-*
Always try something outside of the the box.
Im up late jamming.. Ill be sleep soon..
i think it's perfect!!!
vs at 7pm tonight! Check it out with 52 LCD screens and full sound
I really curious to see what my fans have to say about me or my programs
Don't fear adversity. Embrace it. In the long run, it will form the basis for success. It's in times of adversity that opportunity knocks
wtf it keeps saying I unfollowed you! like whenever i click ur page it has that follow button!
Schedule a free in-home design consultation and mention "Valentine's Day" for $100 off your order of $500 or more!! (expires 2/28/11)
how do we contact you about an event?
what did i tell you? LEAN INTO IT.
the gun range targets is sad, the guy was unapologetic in making $$$ from this travesty
can we bring the bed?
I on the other hand am at the doc office sitting next to a woman who smells like a pack of cigarettes...
I'm with ya on BB. We look like shit. Even in our 2 recent wins, we didn't look so good. Our defense is atrocious!
So true. My hubby and I just moved and our car broke. That does it too for me.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other. -Euripides
YOUNG ADULT WATCHES ! AT LUCYWATCHES! G-SCHOCK,BABY G,ANNE KLEIN,BULOVA,MK LOOK,D&G,INVICTA,SWISS LEGEND,SEIKO,CITIZEN,ORIENT,FASHION $5.99
No class next week!
..you know any good booking agents or artist management peeps
Damn you Etrade! Experiencing high volumes...way to cut off the phone call after 20mins of waiting. I hope the Facebook stock tanks! 😡
including some ladies from ! :)
Need a ride to the Seattle 2.0 Startup awards tonight from Downtown Bellevue? I can take 3 people at 5h15pm!
wanna know why chicks on your dudes dick? he's a fucking whore
its like messi's and pique's goal vs real madrid
great proformane at the fight
Didn't get the text, but at least you have Orange Juice
Come support Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
clearly id be a date. Lol
This Beastie Boys news is no good. RIP MCA
I havent seen him all day!!!!
Welcome new consensus seekers and Thnx for following!
did you read the article?
Also, someone clearly hasn't heard of Freegal. Check your e-resources before you assume CDs are the only option!
yes unless the hair is soft. T. But its a good tool to clean up with less blade. But ur tliners need to b sharp and lines clean
which one are you? Come intro yourself
Fun Fact: Charles University, host of The Prague Semester, was founded in 1348 and is the oldest university in Central Europe.
"Chefs as Farmers" RT : Get yr copy of Edible San Diego No. 16 hot off the prss &
I have a feeling avocado jokes will now replace all the carrot jokes that were made..
I want my bed right now I don't want be in chemistry lab 😣
Ask your pendulum if you and your mate knew each other during one or more of your past lives.
20th Ann. Season Premiere tonight at The Times Center in NYC honoring We've come a long way from 1992!
So many nerds in one room. A dangerous thing.
wasn't it good? Fun to watch...
Of course :)
To the world you might just be one person, but to one person you might be the world :)
Thanks! We're SO glad you like it. : )
Go hard by all means
Even Though I Feel Like Caca, I Wanna Wish Everyone A Good Morning! 😊☀
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Love & Basketball ( :
same here, 36 more days til I see you guys again. <3 I'm thinking about taking you some Sriracha. Yeah?
Yobrio turns magazines into shopping carts. Take a picture of something in a magazine and instantly be able to buy it.
Some cool ways to trick a woman into bed include being kind, making her feel special & showing her respect
Everything ends at a time
Amazing weekend. Seriously, amazing.
+1 RT : "Hashtags are metadata for your tweets." Or, librarians explaining twitter to other librarians.
Our fried pickles are pretty amazing... Thanks for being a fan!
The Pythagorean Theorem unit in math is surprisingly easy!
perhaps just a watch with no wager.
Love that the Miz is hosting this reunion
Friday. Too much to do.
also, who's the brunette?
if not , I'll send you 💰💰 for your birthday
"I AM Attracting Unlimited Abundance & Prosperity into my Life" -Wayne Dyer #Affirmation " (Rephrased from )
Shooting on the genesis - heavier than DSLR for sure.
LOL TRUST ME I do:) Im the same way that's why I always give The writer who quote's I use.
teen wolf is getting intense..
nope. Jake Thrupp Followed and tweeted me nbd
To make the fast easier Stewie decided to roll around in poop.
i turn on the tv and obama is there....
. you guys kick ass! Best screamer in Metal! Best band in Metal!
"if you come home to NJ, I'll buy you the Tory Burch shoes of your dreams." #mombribes (cc )
Seventh heaven! Game 7 sunday morning at 10 am on abc!
Remember Marvel comics character "The Thing"? He was an original member of the Fantastic Four with a rock-hard, orange exterior.
Flying up to Silicon Valley to meet some new peeps at the Daily Journal Top IP Litigators party.
can someone plz tell him to quit his shit?....cause sadly i don't have the damn balls!
Man I feel so much better just got the cough everything else is good I think sleeping from 12-10 was good for me long time since I did that!
They're obviously going to give it a shot.
Stomach ache:/ its bad
when/where is Wordpress?
well either SupperClub or Drai's is the spot... sometime is there haha
bhahahahhahha I'm still cracking up at the random person
Downloaded 231 rock lullabies for HERO. Some are actually pretty good.
Aj Ellis with his 2nd RBI single of the night, giving the #Dodgers a 4-1 lead over the
hello there pretty lady :D
"Um, I was told I could listen to Pandora from 3-4pm if it is at a reasonable level.
Hi from Stockholm!
On my come back shit! They say I never went no where! They will see when I get back!
My mamma's sushi is the best 😍
Tonight! , Mechanical Kids & Challenger @ The Loft. Music starts at 7!
#RIP Steve Jobs
Oh man tri-tip sandwiches from Firestone in SLO - so good! So stuffed!
thoughts on a social media topic college journalists should tackle? I'm looking for ideas for assignments for my class.
I will be on at 5pm CENTRAL to discuss Health Reform, all the good it's doing for millions, and the
RT : damn!! I'm trynna get this single ready«Ok. They need to hear from you.
YEEEAAAAH EFFICIENT CONSUMPTION OF FOOD
If you are a #localbiz in #ABQ come tell others about what you do - support local, thrive ABQ
I am a master of my words until they come out of my mouth.
I don't think any of them are outright bad persay...they just lack flavor.
If make one more Tweet about food ima scream !
great read on the little track runner. Thanks!
I'll add it to my schedule and hope for the best. Thanks for including me.
Boy, the thunder gods are banging on the drums tonight!
Just beat my old work high score on Time Pilot by 120,000… Yay for Friday video game sessions at work.
The biggest killers of success are Impatience and Greed. Counter them both with Gratitude. Especially today.
Mayor's PSq stakeholder update happening today at 4pm at ING. See you there!
NO PROBLEM :)
Pedro's error costs the Bucs a run. To the Bottom of 4... 3-1 Pirates.
Congrats to Phyllis Rathbun, MI Humanities Council, who won a year of service from Mail Dog at the conference. YAY!
#InSchoolTheresAlways a teacher who is dumber than the kids...
Just got stabbed by a hobo but it's all good I think I'm gonna make it haha J/K
# FF Thanks for following!
Watching the Mary Mary premiere show!!
:) you survived!
how did this become Unexpected Expenses Month? Dog surgery, Heat Pump repair, TV dead, rear bike tire flat. Ugh.
Don't envy for what people have and you don't. You have something they don't have. .....Wilson Kanadi
RT : Thx for inviting us to the 3rd annual babyshower event! & giving us the opportunity 2 share the gift of reading
Cause i kno he gotta leave nd go make dat money!!! :( :)
Nothing tastes better on a cold Portland day than a warm cuppa joe....EXCEPT for a nice winter beer this evening! I <3 the NW!
Ok WIIROC family, we need you to keep supporting and the Divine Records Movement! Follow them and keep in the loop!
Firefly #restaurant awesome!
thnx for the follow!:]
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
You know it's love when it hurts soo badly to see them with another.
#Giro Peloton now passing Villa S. Faustino, off road about 400m; road signs pointing left. The visitor won't whiz by like them, I hope.
A good PR plan requires a good marketing plan first.
I'm stating the obvious, but playlists, cute shoes and coffee make everything better.
Ravens NEED better pass rush!! WTF is wrong??
Leadership - The real leader has no need to lead-- he is content to point the way.
I'm going to be setting up a jam session in 2 weeks for all my jazz brothers..
oh thats what I get for being nosy lol
Today we did word association, when he said Justin Bieber my kids said "life changing"
Special Sunday! Hope everyone has had a happy weekend. I've been packing for the Big Move.
If I had a dollar for every time I said "Lady Gaga"......I could buy Lady Gaga.
Good tunes on the way tonight. Check out “Premium Jazz.” at wfsk.org. 7-9pm central. 8-10pm eastern.
More Ford Workers Overwhelmingly Reject Pact
Right back at ya , thanks for the love
never say never! Because you don't know maybe you'll catch his eye I see it in the prospective as if it's what god wants then
I've heard mixed things about soy, good and bad. Can't avoid it with tofu but I've switched to almond milk.
Kid Cudi literally makes the most chill music, hes such a good rapper<3
me too...and trying to get ready and brush one's hair is really a chore.
if thats the release date that will be a busy time for me.....but i sent you a DM...we can work something out
Thanks for mentioning! I didn't know that about you either. Will commence studying your work. ;-)
Feeling like crum today....wasn't looking forward to cooking dinner...open the freezer to spot a pizza! YAY for couponing & stocking up! :)
I love everything about California it's a state that has allowed my dreams to flourish!:)
Soo I aint got no socks for practice today --_______--
Ok watching American idol from wed-on TiVo. Jlo says somebody to love by zeppelin WTF it's whole lotta love then Randy says al green what?
Media Decoder Blog: Nielsen Reports a Decline in Television Viewing
finding out someone you knew committed suicide is not the coolest thing... it leaves a crater... is why I don't think I could ever do it.
good news, i will be home friday. i'm going on saturday with my family but i'm definitely down to go friday night too.
Did the music panel happen already? If not, when is it?
bro what you been up to?
He'll hypnotize you, he'll read your mind & THEN he'll do a cool card trick. It's Joshua Seth at One Union Recording with engineer Matt Z!
I'm looking forward to my first 2nd Saturday living in Midtown. Hope it goes well!
It's tough being the best! If it was easy, anyone could do it! All of us at MarineMax are professionals at what we do in every department!
:( Evette is coming home for her bday which is the 19 we goin out.... You here?
ugh fine i dont want it anymore ! :(
I've always loved him. He's just too good on the field to not appreciate him. As long as he's not spitting on people.
Thx 4 doing both! :) RT : Lovely morning with Meta House. Now back out to the Farm to finish set up for Date With A Plate!
I do not eat peeps. They are much too sweet for my taste. "The more you know"
A rough 1/2 inn for Pedroia. Either play (corralling the flip or throwing to Gonzalez) could have ended the inning
yes girl you might surprise yourself!
andd thats what i have as your contact name in my phone!...lol swear (K.O)
I am currently writing a script for Drake. Sometimes, I don't even know how I got here.
yes but december grads still go to the ceremony.... :S lol
This is the home stretch, guys! You're almost there! Don't eat! Don't sleep! [kidding, please eat & sleep].
good,u
Chris Stewart has the Danny Mccoy hair-style
of course :) we need to hangout tomorrow!!
double standards <<<
C'mon 'Best of Chill Out Hits' work your magic...
Cause-marketing success: provides customers/employees an opp to join them in giving, support causes impt to customers.
Context? And I totally agree with RT : Proud big brother. My baby bro's got some stones.
yes! I love Chrome, but it crashes often - esp with lots of tabs open. So also use FF and Opera w/ some stuff in Chrome. :P
they were great! It's crazy how many good songs they have now. Hit after hit after hit.
Looking forward to "How To Innovate" on Sunday!
Shawarma. Genius. If you've seen #Avengers, you know what I mean.
My apologies
. It's horrifying how many countries produce things that support modern Western life, but are governed by medieval minds.
we already got back :(
I know, right? M ice cream ;) Maybe later tonight U can come over n hang out. I need to get SOME work done,,,I'll ask Van
Bio-waste company opens office in Research Park
just got my permit!
That's good. And no problem. ^.^ Anything new with you guys? (;
Nothing encourages white guys to dance like being a tourist.
There's nothing worse than a classless woman talking about class. Classy women don't fight, throw bottles, etc. Get outta here w/ that!
So happy stopped by to try the Meggafowl! Thanks dudes!
bret, its a pot smokers holiday! The highest there was, the highest there is, the highest there ever will be!
Grits w/Danish blue cheese for lunch while I work on my dissertation. Prob not what Mitt Romney has in mind when he thinks of "cheesy grits"
5403540003 just call me for the hell of it.
hahaha this girl
rumor is she's performing in Clearwater next week...the hubster works in hospitality industry...I am innocent!!
next home game tomorrow Feb. 4 against Orlando!
Till I Collapse
We want to wish everyone a safe and happy Thanksgiving!
I'm watching the #Caps game w/ , talking about why you are too cool to come to
Oy. I don't think I've made any of those yet today. Just cranky. And my hair is being dumb. And I'm tired.
Kicked off today's show with "Southern Lights"... NP feat Esperanza Spalding "Freesia"
First day of this college semester... I registered for a class at 8:pm thinking it was at 8:am....
Didn't get any voodoo doughnuts today...just means I need to go back into the city more often!
Let's Skype. Anyone. I'll tell you jokes or show you my six pack or something.
lol it's generally the same as everyone else's... 5 fingers attached to a palm
....did not sleep well last night. Probably not a good idea to start the work day with a cup of cozy chamomile herbal tea....z...
#Twi2012 #predict 2012 votes Greece out of the Euro...
welcome!! Have. A safe journey and enjoy yourselves in our fabulous city.
hey! Thanks so much for following!
StubHub changed everything
damage that Paul Wesley dont have one account twitter ..
So happy to be done with the online training. Longest 11 hours ever spent on the Internet
@ Hospital for Sick Children for ANC 5A mtg. Thank you Comm. Timothy Thomas for hosting.
take off your halo
Fuck bars with dress codes
I see that you're breakin, your heart is breakin. Here's my hand if you'll take it. We can make it out.
Hi Chef, just back in town and wondering if you're planning on killing any snakehead on the menu? I'm working on a roundup.
She was meowing very loudly. People heard it and came to get me.
youre also asian so that doesnt count...
Hey Tweeps: So, on Google +....how do you refer to the people that follow you or recommend a page...Plussers? + 1ers?
RT : I want to live on whatever amazing, soul-filled, beautiful planet Adele is from. I'm pretty sure it's not this one
Simple solution for getting #Limbaugh off the air: Don't tune in, and don't buy from his remaining advertisers. Rush who?
When will you notice me? Iloveyou so much! I had a bad day and to know you love me would help alot! Iloveyou kendizzle!
#IfICouldIWould Drop out of school and become a rapper and/or a dope dealer
Check out the postings on the bands Facebook page from the people that were there. It was not good.
it's not my fault i had pneumonia...and im skating tuesday
that was a little awkward to watch, wasn't it?
WooHoo! Close to 10 people coming to our first brainstorming pizza meeting! Dominica and St. Lucia won't know what hit 'em :-D
You're silly where is Jaleel
One day I want to be as cool as True life.
Eli time...
Hollande: I want some German taxpayer money. Merkel: No way in hell. Hollande: …
Is there a woman who has believed in you and loved you unconditionally? (I bet a few.) Give it in return today.
Menu tasting tonight done. Ready to open tomorrow for dinner!!
Thank you for the follow
“People travel to faraway places to watch, in fascination, the kind of people they ignore at home.” – Dagobert D. Runes
a black/pattern/freeze detect would be glorious
What up tweople! Good Monday what&#39;s poppin ?
I'm devastated....shaking...stress out.....falling apart..but trying so much to hold all of it in until school is over....
you seem more like an anarchist,than an Independent.
searching for a #PLANT MANAGER candidate w/ #FROZEN #FOOD and/or #CANNING experience.
it was good looks like all the players are in place now looking forward to the next episode.
Same. RT : dear insomnia, i don't have time for you... please go away
good deal
great images! Let us know when you post the rest!
Who is on Pottermore? My name is RoseHex25593. Interesting....
Happy Good Friday everybody!!!
I'll check it out
Everybody likes a compliment -Abraham Lincoln
The mixtape sounds good with great production value. You should be proud!
Wish I had access to my dad's corvette right about now. Picture perfect day to go cruising around LV.
I don't know. I'm of the mind that a Diablo-styled Silent Hill *might* be fun.
nahh im goin monday morning but I read up on it and its bruised saying it takes 1-2 weeks to heal
lol we got into some things what a summer lol! We should do Tampa or Orlando!
gas bombs n arrests #opd oakland ca its just lunch time dam
I did some minor ajustments on my "Squire" active 5.it is a great sounding and playing "soul machine"
Im so glad that is heading over to the UK to get to see some UK fans!! You guys deserve to meet her too! :{P
Finance Conference at AFM. Blah blah blah. How unenlightening.
no worries - it was a schedule conflict that changed the line-up, and yes will be a good one! Your support is so appreciated!
I'm still very happy with mine. But then, I carry a backpack, so the size isn't an issue.
Hi Mick. Nice "meeting" you too. Feel free to email me - for visa advice. Thanks!
Just heard the good news! So happy for you!
On the prowl for an internship? Work for me + ! Must be A) Awesome. B) Receiving school credit.
April Fools!
We might need to buy some of those for a budget meeting ceremony haha
STL to DC to NYC with class, now home in PHL! Things to make transition to internship easier? Today's tour on the rooftops of !
I always liked that part myself too.
I wouldn't bring gay marriage up to this SCOTUS.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly" - RFK
definitely didn't see that... hahah
Finished the taxes, and think I will put the refund in savings. How many are saving their refunds???
You're moving again?
They've put up a giant #menorah in place of
Happy new year everyone!!
Who is willing to die for art?!
If only my entire life could play out to the score of THREE COLORS: RED
plese help stop kony watch the video kony2012 he has to be captured hes taking kids and making the inti soldiers to kill
Another missed opportunity for the Crew, have to strike for more than 1 that inning.
Phillip baby please dont go! :(
i think i'm gonna go take a nap..
what were you supposed to get?
probably a t shirt version.
Time to grab some coffee with
#Chargers draft DE Melvin Ingram with the 18th pick in the
Can't wait, F-Poo!
RT : RT The call number is just an address
Thank you & for a great event tonight!
3rd time's the charm. Sharks vs. Blackhawks Friday at 5pm - Listen live on KFOX
Skating New York Today<3
Fingers crossed re: tomatoes. I planted a very early variety in some pots last week. Should be ready post-Lisbon trip.
Great point about Elway firing his 1st arena league coach. I thought about that the other day too & your post gave more details
P.S. It's the 11th in 16 min
Final went from 8am-10am. I finished it in 40 minutes. I shouldve slept in for an extra hour.
It's a dogfight between and game tied at 1 in the 3rd! Hard hitting hockey!
spent a good 4-5 hours in the sun and 92 degree heat working on a deck tryin to make a buck, now its off to work from 830pm-5am.
Pray for Annie and Hunter. She's driving him to children's hospital. Croup.
LGA...I'm tired
When things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting.
My parents want to go for Indian food today. Chinese yesterday. Italian tomorrow...
I'm at John F Kennedy International Airport (JFK) ✈ (JFK International Airport, at Van Wyck Expy, Queens) w/ 25 others
Thank you For liking us Susan! The NorthStar Team! Uri and Sacha
only bitch niggas ride in limos
I believe both of those outlets were invited to the original tour weeks ago...not sure if they were there yesterday.
Glad to know you like my music! hope you like my next songs as well!
Lush Confections will be at the Beer & Food Truck Rally, May 19th! Come on out to St. Pete and get your fix. :-)
Faith Confers Divinity On Humanity!
DJ just wedged in for eagle :)
Bottled water is the second most popular #beverage in the #United #States! Can You Guess The FIRST?
Awww. So we shall still never meet!! :) Mysterious!
Keep calm, eat a carrot, & protest with Jimmy.
Jennifer's body
Morning, have a wonderful day!
The soul of a chef can be found in their ability to prepare the simple things.
Looks like the fire is out at Calyspo in Leucadia. I can see someone on roof with flashlight checking things out. Lot of red blinking lights
Xmen 1st Class is awesome!! Great story!!
Be obedient.
Thanks for having me - Hicham and the team are wonderful! I hope I can come back for a brunch review! cc:
Find me this weekend at The Writers Studio booth
Thnx, that was our Sister Mrs. Beasley. She was always a character. We miss her very much & that photo always makes us smile!
what is happening yo
I am hungry for some Jamaican food. Hungry Joes on La Brea
Cats fed. Meeting with #JWs this PM. Recordkeeping this AM.
Damn ball & chain!
Yes, please do - very interested to hear a review of it
so I just watched the Michael Moore interview. Moore was so eloquent, but your Nicholas Ballasy made a rather calculated report
I know for some people I may sound crazy but I always thought you were the next MJ. You're amazingly talented. love you.
This LMFAO song on #idol is str8 garbage! Any idiot can make it in music these days
Our market just started 20 minutes ago in Sherman Oaks! Please stop by and check out our amazing vendors!
I'm not sure it will actually be the case. Enough interest in low consumption architectures will drive innovation.
Thanks for #FF, and here's one right back to you
hahahaha meet in the foodcourt lilly told me to tell you
#AskRomney When Gov of Massachusetts U were pretty much absent from the State the last 2 years of your term. Where the hell were you?
See the Weeping Meadow DVD for Angelopoulos telling the story of how Tarkovsky introduced him to Tonino Guerra.
In San Antonio were lives!!!! EXCITED!!!! :D
A community manager's work is never done - & sometimes I love that! People advocate every day; it's nice to share in that with them :)
How connect dots among schools, postsecondary, workforce system, employers? Darnieder - process in San Antonio led to Cafe College
Just bought my prom dress. More excited than ever. I'm going to shock all you mofos.
This old bitch at work just told me to turn down my radio *side looks crazy bitch* um I forsee that answer as a NO..
I had just moved to Utah from another state. The population of this area had increased greatly causing traffic to be a problem. I was so ...
Duo Albergue Number one in Spain!
THE LOS ANGELES RIPPER IS JUST ABOUT WRAPPED!!!
Can you please help spread the word about IU Student United Way?!?!
You still want to go to Death Cab? We'd need to get tix.
When the dude called Ariana "Victoria Grande", she laughed it off. When jennette leaked Ari's #, Ari called fans for an hr…always positive♥
dream last night: a bat latched on to my face, between my eyes. when i pulled it off the skin was missing, revealing a silver metal skull.
White jersey
Wisdom is ageless as is foolishness.
at home
The #Eye Chart and 20/20 Vision via @ All About Vision
The Indians win another series! Great game!
???? Don't understand
But, there seems to be a level of panic and worry among librarians which means that these resources aren't being found.
lol 😘 why not
From what I saw it should have 98.
Flipped on radio to DJ gossiping about Taylor Swift & Tim Tebow dating
Booths Bay, ME with my whole family!! Can't wait :-D
: work work work !
I need to not see these things about other boys Allie 😨😲 lol
Oh Here we are again. Current call time... 26:45
Who do you think got the best pick in the draft last night?
Oh. I luv it! Will have to check that out.
I caved and just ordered pizza romano...thought you'd appreciate my guilty indulgence :)
"Grant, I don't mean to be a douche bag, but tell me you're the lead singer of a Stray Cats cover band?" - Auto Shop Guy.
Peter Gabriel, you are such a well deserved show off.
What do you want to know?
BRRRRR it's cold outside, so come to the B for one of our delectable BURGERS!
Cabin in the Woods (2012): This twisty Cthulhu-ish romp plays with horror and genre tropes deftly. It lives up to the hype. 4.2567 out of 5.
The only certainty about #fantasyfootball I can offer is Dorsey Levins is not inline to take carries away from Grant or Starks.
I guess i had my hopes up too high with you :| </3
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick. --George Burns.
Scott is Mr. Digital.
"Unicorn Fart" because I'm just as likely to get that on my Droid 2 Global as Ice Cream Sandwich.
Um this american horror story show is ridiculous on so many levels
#jerseyshore needs to be on more than once a week!
Fun fact: American Apparel shirts are way cheaper than microfiber cloths for cleaning your touchscreen phone or tablet.
making soup and putting winter sheets on...
I remember feeling rain drops sitting in stands for last couple innings of Kerry Wood's 20-strikeout game. #Cub reporter/cubreporter
This week's DVD Giveaway will be a pre-order for the Coen's TRUE GRIT, out on DVD June 7 so check back Friday for our t-shirt contest
the pleasure is all mine. Thanks!
We’ll be launching our 5 for $5 Campaign in 20 days. Just like Uncle Sam, we need YOU!! Stay tuned
A punk rock poet and a classically trained cellist? Contemporary ballet choreographed to Kid Cudi? 'Speaking of...' October 1st.
5k was excellent.
metropark is horrible
okay, will do!
my unicorns name is Jeff. it's cotton candy colored;) I'm gonna ride my unicorn to ur house 🐎
Me too. Of course, I'll have to make time to see it around all the video gaming I plan to do this weekend while the kids are away.
Most days I feel alienated by men, and also the lack of real feminist decision-making amongst men in my community, but OTOH...
Latest project #NoorKhan was #WW2 British OSE agent served as radio operator in occupied France later captured & killed at
I LOVE "We Are Conquerors"! London 2012 Olympics? 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil?
Bourbon Chicken is up next...you MUST try one. So, so good...
so yall aren't coming down tonight?
I wish I could just tell you how I feel,but It probobly doesn't matter anymore :(
Ya body x Audio Push
Honestly if you havent heard music. U my friend are a dumbass.
I'm watching it right now!!
Only in times of great duress MT I think you meant seems not to be the kind of place that serves ...
Just woke up
are you guys closed today? I've been calling for several hours... Phones down?
cool it's cold in the D!!
I miss nip/tuck
especially when we need strikers
What's good, bruh?
And Liam. A smart girl's dynamic duo.
Follow her She is
Love is the reason for it all.
I await your review. I've worked with Eddie and Cliff Curtis (great guy), so I wouldn't mind supporting the film.
People would sell their souls to the devil 4 a dollar,they need 2 leave that man alone,he's been through enough..
RT : i have to say that we have an incredible back line and Jimmy made some huge saves this week between the two games
Can't wait till tomorrow!
Yikes. How many times did you call my old desk phone? I'm not there :)
I am Julee White's friend. THANK YOU!!!
makes me kiss him :)
WHATEVER WORKS BRO.
and Sarah McMullen: reuniting kiddies with their parents at Disneyland since 2012
Wait!?! Apparently Raven Symone is a lesbian.. I never would've guessed.
and and umm I love to txt and make friends
we are missing how to use SEO to increase traffic and google ranking.
Every day I just keep falling for more and more <3
Only game 1
yea give me a min though im eatin lol
Meditating...find a peaceful place... Getting in the right frame of mind for an office party at bosses house
Please DO! :) RT : I just might join !
RT: Not strange. This night the power of Allah o Akbar and Down With Dictator and Mousavi is at least tripled!
Imani: "Speaking of phone books..."
Hope Your V-Day was awesome!
man fuck that nigga! And I say that with my chest!
#LIVEUNITED: aspirations from our community: end isolation, close achievement gap, get equal access to services
and yes, that was a drunk tweet. Lol.
Someone told me to kill myself, swallow pills and then...get this...glass! Haha what the hell
What an amazing reward.... Congratulations and bon voyage!
sperms melt rite thru ur skin , i heard... I would wear some gloves if i were u lmfao
The door to your car is open and its raining, lolz so you know
Hi Jamie It's your dad this is my new Attorney directory twitter account
follow me.,
I don't slur my words when I drink. I'm talking in cursive.
You got my vote! Easy to use and understand, accessible and interesting.
ah i was veryy hapy to see you Friday love =)
That is awesome! I'm going Acela one way -- but is the outlet deal for the regular train too?
Y'all don't know what I've been through this week....shoot in the last 24hrs smh
you're probably already checking the weather but don't worry, those projected rain showers shall be gone from the forecast by Sat
Ahh I Want To Make My Own Clothing Line ! .
could be! it's the time of year when the undercoat comes off. undercoat is often white.
beers after work at Sherlocks are never a bad thing. ;)
I think my granddad finds his secret ways of calling me fat.. he go's, "Hey, how about you take your little cousin walking.." wait what?
Action is the real measure of intelligence. Napoleon Hill
Count me in for help with a SE #thatcamp. I sent a message to about it as well.
Same! And that's great to hear! (:
Hey girl. I'm the big giraffe on campus. HMU. RT : I love giraffes!
are still better than whisperers.
hey, I like that!
HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY HARRY styles is sexy
Remember you are loved by God. Keep him close to you always.
Learning its lessons is almost impossible
Thanks for the response!
Well, school tomorrow... No comment.
LOL..I really can't believe her
Followers . Virginia is mad COOL & AWESOME .
Wonderful weekend with Could not be more blessed with wonderful friends
Dyed my hair,
Shut up! Did I just hear thunder? Could it actually be about to rain? Naw...it couldn't be....
Disappointed on how today is going
When I have to fight the urge of thinking about you <<<
Of the 3 main CRE lenders (banks, CMBS & life companies), life companies were the only group that resumed normal lending patterns in '11
shut up. we don't go to sunset anymore so forgive us for not remembering the bell schedule :p
that's even worse though lol.
now we've got to get you on here more often. I need your help!
I'm sick over the death of #ShannonStone #Texas #Rangers fan who fell to his death in front of his young son. I wish I could hug his wife.
Had forgotten how much I hate Jason Kidd---c'mon OKC Thunder!!
I don't gonna lie... this is intimidating!!!
You go, girl! RT : Phenomenally productive day! Booking gigs, getting guarantees, songs coming out in California & loving life!
I miss my binky :'(
Licence time?? wow finally...
Hey Linz, I just saw this!!
"Walking out of an all-girls dorm on Saturday morning. TFM."
i share a birthday with ashton kutcher. same year, too. :)
Love that I run into at all my commercial auditions. Don't mind starting my day with her adorbleness!!
follow plz, thank u... well gudnite twitter people:D
Woohoo! Capacitor was under warranty. A/C is back in service. Dani and I will celebrate tonight!
excited to see you too :)
Now offering $0 upfront cost for Google First Page Placement. You don't pay a dime until you are on the first page!
I'm going to pass out in like two seconds, sick & tired.
yea id rather just keep it g lol
yes...that will do
then why does Colin Cowherd still have a show?
Reading The Power of Habit - quite profound. Need to re-work some habit loops in my life... maybe like, um, not doing THIS b4 I get 2 work.
Let it rain!
Lebron James is on!!(:
Just 10 more mins of work an I'm outro
Happy birthday!
how do you get lucky with these cool neighbors. I don't even know my neighbors.
Oh PDX you fickle beast, sun in the morning, then a flash downpour at lunch, and now the sun is fighting its way back.
I was called Hitler in elementary
We're a couple days early, but welcome to #Indy, #Comfortech! Hope you enjoy your stay!
Got off work early for once! Lol
Facebook is starting to look like Myspace 1.0
Line Em up!!
At the airport catching a flight to Charlotte for the VMUG tomorrow. You haven't registered yet?? goo.gl/jOtnA
Check it out! New cutting edge gear from New shorts coming soon! Best hoops gear on the market and keeps getting better!
You too Ashley :)
Make the money, dont let the money make you.
I'm mad but I can't remember why ..
WILL U POST PICTURESS??? **im.wasting.away</3**
next step? Smh... Seasons almost over
Hello agents at Ted Kurland. Anybody have any extra time to dedicate to a promising artist on the rise?
For the love of God, can we finally get some new maps for Battlefield 1943?!
Still in need of a part time cook Call or stop in if interested. $10 - $12 per hour based on experience. 414-271-7546
Yeah keep on running your mouth. See where it gets you.
": Going out RT : what you got going for Cinco De Mayo"going to Gotti
Hey , did you know the Global Pickup Artist conference is in #DC and this local will speak
: first thing this morning was finishing paper, then driving to class. Unusual morning.
Take time to be observant of changes in your children (elementary, middle, high school, & college). They always need your love and support:)
Today I am walking from to Tribune Towers starting at 10:30 it is 8.3 miles gonna be interesting first time I am a little sore
10% Off any electrical service when you mention you found us on Twitter. (Up to $150.00 off. Expires 02-15-10).
cut it lengthwise, add some masala spices and salt, and you've got yourself a truly awesome snack! Learned that in India
I've been eyeing an iPad since the first one. Might be time. I'd do the in-app purchase thing if it was useful. Must try first!
There MAY be 10 front offices in the NFL that really know what they are doing when it comes to talent evaluation!!
- heck yea! Cant wait!
But the Maybelline can't hurt, right...? ::coughs::
Love Penelope's dress, but not her hair :-(
I'm working for cause im such a nice person
One day the people Who doubted me will look back and say We doubted Him and Doubted he Would make it. But we forgot to Check his❤
Canadian justice system dropped the ball big time letting this piece of shit out of jail in 2 years
YOU KNOW WHO!
Thanks for the tip on innovation!
"Dennis, how come you're using two caddies today?" "My wife tells me that I don't spend enough time with my kids."
Tell me what it is that you plan to do w/your one wild&precious life. A ship is safe in port but that is not what ships are for-Mary Oliver
Thank you for the tweets on my Mosaic of Learning Styles post!
Talk about timing! But it was poor management, a tentative board, and a lack of vision that took down Sushi.
but I AM TOTALLY GEEKED TO SEE kids killing kids. Not in real life. Just in the hunger games.
Too late.
Hey little sista! =) You are WAY smarter than most 10 year olds! You're an old (and generous) soul. Love ya! xoxo
50cent wings start now...come get em! Starts 8pm...could win lots of Stubby's bucks!
It's crazy all the emotions forgotten in a year
literally craving another tattoo...I know where part of my first paycheck is going
Thanks so much for the kind words about my presentation at the DFW Conference. It was a pleasure to meet you!
could you please tweet more? i'm in the mood to laugh but already gone through ur recent tweets 12 times ;D
yup I was cryin I'm laughin at u who tries to spit on some one shah I was walkin with Levi lmao and laughin t ur dumb ass !
women think with they cat sometimes lol
Well my day has already been made!:)
When my mom brushes my hair for me>>
I do it for the RATCHEDS!!!!
Today is my birthday yay!!!!!!
me too! Hooray for summer! Nice having the windows open all the time. In mid-March. :)
Congratulations, Lobos for a great season. Sweet 16 next year?
is it okay to ask how small businesses promote CSR? Or is Q&A at the end?
Hans Olson is playing at Fatso's Pizza tonight from 6-9pm.
What if.. Austin called you, and asked if you wanted to be his valentine.
You're welcome! Good luck on finals! RT : Thanks for the snacks, :)
“When your life is in God’s hands every day is your best day.” ~Roy Lessin’s
" invented hey guys"
Morn'in!!!
Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs leading early in the 2nd half 40-24.
Up playing angry birds space .........y lol
o, are your writing a book, JoAnn?!? exciting!
Keena Young was better than Perkins though.
as long as you keep your head down on the way in, you should be fine. Have fun!
WhyTF won't my computer connect to the free public wifi at LAX? What is this little gameboy-looking icon in my connection strength? #?
I'll bring you some!! It was orgasmic! 😍 lol
no cause I get off at 330. Yes cause I miss sleeping in.
Hip Hip Hooray! Its Chocolate Chip Ice Cream Day! What a great day for the refreshing frozen treat! Hurry or yours will melt.
I'm forming a Synth-Pop duo ala Erasure called HISTRIONIC, and at every live show my partner will throw a tantrum and insist he's quitting.
Damn it's been 6months...smh
Thanks girl! You comin' out for CMAFest?
My life is my message.
The poker tournament takes place TODAY at 7:15pm in 145B SU...$15 Entry Fee...Play for your chance to win an XBOX 360!!!
Oh surprise, traffic while going through Tacoma on I-5.
Creepy but cool, hope you use all of it!
Shout out to aunt jemima. Love you girl
Literally saw this puddgy guy with a tripple X tat on the back of his neck... Wow... SMH.. Yaa... Lolz
Thanks for the mention, Del! And fun to see you getting in some great tweets! :)
Watching film
Thanks to for securing me a room to do a video con call in the middle
What up Nix!
- do you know the dates for your spring show yet?
Can't sleep idk what it is sometimes I wish I had a text buddy
Saltalamacchia's HR means there's only one team left with 0 HR from its catchers this year. That would be Joe Mauer's
Sunday LOL: "The problem with fundamentalists is that 99% of them give the rest a bad name."
dont cry D: if you cry i cry love D':
Excited to have Dr. Michael Greger join as a speaker for #HHH2012. Can't wait for all the you'll share with us!
MARCUS!!!!! please people!! let him win
RT : I don't trust words, I trust actions."
Where is Crazy Joe's? I looked for it two weeks ago when I was in Oconomowoc.
RT Kobe Bryant gets up after banging his head because he's not a - you know.
US markets ride on Europe; their markets gyrate on prospects for banks. All ears to rumors of new multi-trillion$ European leveraging up.
4 minutes till i leave school, yes
teachers union prez claims that "majority of parents dont support petition"- fascinating, since 70% of parents signed it. #really?
Wondering what people are doing this weekend....
: The best part of the #BlackBerry Innovation Forum was seeing the live demo of #PlayBook 2.0 and Balance.
Bubba played his way back in
might need to push it back a bit later. Have my driving test p.s this is not a typo :(
Woah woah woah. Did somebody say Chick-fil-A Sandwhich? It's College Night time!
I got mind control over tylir
Much more to come on Vox after the official announcement from Georgetown, expected at the beginning of this week.
It just got real!!
really??!! What kind of sorcery is that?!
Can't wait to start work as Movement Director for #LAThtr company AthroughZ Productions' upcoming 'Down in the face of God'!
Paparazzi outside my building, so I posed, but I didn't see any flashes? Probably because it's sunny out, right?
Cleaning my woman cave (; and Jammin to my boy !!! Do me a favor and play ride by ciara!!! Thanks (:
will u follow me please
saturday night, or sunday afternoon... drive or chill, starbucks and laughter and heart to heart and all that best friend stuff?
:D aw you called me cutie!!
You too Dan! Kick some Martial Arts Ass!
