I heard ya living life how yuh should "said yuh never had it so GooD" ;D
it's
RT : "With a name like Soup Spoon Ovenmitt you've got to go into the culinary arts!"
its up to you brow I got a lil regggg
I'm trying to find my chi after this Lakers loss... but I can't. UGH. Angry as hell.
... hope the film festival is going well! miss and love ya!
RT Give your audience a chance to interact. Don't talk AT them, engage them. Wahi Media #Media2.0 #FPRA: Thx for the tweets!
If anything is worth trying at all, It's worth trying at least 10 times
Going to try to get back into the flow of tweeting.
“: Family dinner. Missing ” wah wish I could be there!
He still is very popular, he tours and has a anti bullying campaign.
I love the person I am today, and without the lessons I learned from my past, my journey, I would not be me. Life is a journey, Live it!
aha hell yea , i use to ALWAYS get in trouble .. those were the days
Power your iPhone by breathing -- seriously the best "fun" from during our staff meeting
Doing a new & interesting junmai daiginjo #Sake tonight with sushi. Notes shortly.
I'm not gonna get any sleep today
ack! Thanks for the heads-up about en-masse unblocking #Drupal users. I had no idea.
When baby
Silly question, but is it possible to search "following" on the mobile Twitter app for Droid??
The king is dead, long live the King. RIP Elvis Presley, greatest dog ever! Thanks but we decided to stay home today...
i just love you! And i miss you. :(
that's some funny sh*t... who passes out with YOU in a hotel room? Lol
and the word very? ;) I haven't watched yet - now I'm not sure I even want to!
. Republicans are counting, literally, on to keep the money flowing to the top.
were u robbed?
Katy Perry goes to phwoar
Just did :)
#20hourworkday coming to a crashing halt, !!!
Gross why do some people have to be so #PsychoWeird ?
Congratulations to all the #Wabash College graduates today
I need earphones.
Lauren crazy
I'm going to start being like that!! Except not irresponsible. :)
Is there still spirits in your house from Mackeys?
:) just what i need to get back to grading!
#DespicableMe is comin out with a second one!! Too much excitement here!! ^_^
who wants to visit Kiki and Joey at the shop today.....YOU! Meow and Woof!
is at the MKE County Zoo!
Punches:U can take em 1 of 2 ways...up the ass or just roll with em. I choose the latter cause Im not much into being fisted up the ass.
Thanks Mary :)
you don't know
It's just a rumor, right?! That's too crazy to be true, right?! RIGHT?!
Ok I will drop one off tommorrow ....thanks for your help!!
yes it is. has been for years.
Starting my mini vacay to SF with a muscle relaxer. Unfortunately I actually need it. Fun at any cost!
what's you question
Love to wake to the sound of Fridah singing as she plays with her dolls. Sweet sound to my ears!!
There's a great show currently at the McGuffey Art Center sponsored by The African American Heritage Center in the upstairs hall gallery.
Not enough characters to explain how amazing this day/night has been. W/
What's up twitter it's almost 2011
That was a bold face lie ! RT Beyonce is the most gorgeous woman in the world
just gotta be proportional and good attitude. Ever need to know what you need to work on or what they look for, Corbins there.
not really. It might even be triple hopped! :)
working on some new sneaky licks so I can turn heads when you least expect it.
8 days until fantasy baseball draft. The week leading up to the draft is always the longest of the year.
that was radio gold at TMS
Come on down and enjoy 2 dollar taps, 3 dollar tall rails, 4 dollar bombs!!
I mis talking to I to its been so long like on hows it going
"Is My Boob Popping Out?" ― Lady Gaga.
wouldn't that make it better??
oh okay. thanks :)
#ThatOneFriendWho Drag Me To Hell & back is the #onefriend who is the most honest and real in my
thanks for a wonderful meal last night! Love brown butter cake
Couple of inches of snow accumulated on the grass in West Little Rock. says bridges, overpasses are dangerous @
“: I have three... Maybe four. Five? Twelve?” haha love you!!!
pimpin all ova the world
@ jodi, this time he tweeted desultoriness of detail
Updating web pages in between Codecademy lessons. 'Cause I like to mix it up like that.
one more day on info desk and then off for the weekend. checking out painting for my new house!
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created! We help finance co's that are premature for bank lines.
Taking math to the max - Minot Daily News
JAVA JOBS IN INDIA: Technical Lead / Architect - Java /J2ee(Struts ...
Thanks for the information. Have some questions for you, but must be later this week! I will get back to you!
how sad is it a west coast team's writer knew the pick before Carolina beat writer did? Terrible.
steak bro that aint good for the gout lmao
And there's an assist for Kreider too...have to say I'm impressed
Your back yayyy!!!...I think lols. #CONGRATULATIONS to you!! We have some catching up to do. Can't wait to see you:)
Thank god for everything
Mentally thinking what you're gonna wear the next day.(:
lol that's a deal my dude lol
what was that message you sent me about
STOP IT! We're getting a little #hangry here!
will never notice me. :(
find your
Long Beach, baby! Quick, name three songs with "rock" in the title.
Spring Break = system updates throughout the Center in prep for the mass video and web projects during the 2nd half of semester
Moccasins with socks. I AM THE MASTER OF STYLE!
My Day Was Great
I'm always told to change this for tht person but when I ask tht person to change this for me it's a problem
Do every day all that can be done in that day.
hey how you feeling today?
RT : Oh, I love that. They all get to leave with something in their hands. <YES! That's important .
Scandalous :) RT : Flashback to last night: Date went outside to smoke, another guy at bar gave me his phone number. Classic
i like that joint too!
I need to start saving all numbers in my phone . . .
Follow your passion, and success will follow you. ~Terri Guillemets
would like to play with The Authors sometime.
I miss the days when you didn't ignore my dm's..
You better fill that position, and no please dont put Champ their, we need a hitter
Obligatory Friday the 13th tweet. Has anything really terrible happened today? Or rather, what really terrible things have happened today?
's kitty tweets are blowing up my phone. What a prrrrreacious kitty he is. 🐱🚬✌
Thanks to all who made it out to our Gallery Talk with Nine Degrees artists!
Follow Me Pleasee!!!!!!!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!<3
it must be the time of year, because that's what I'm doing lol
great choices! Could this site BE more awesome?
Sorry doesn't fix everything .
Probably not realistic to think that people will stop caring about American Football now, right?
so how serious were you about letting peeps stay at your place for the superbowl? #reunion?
- excited that you're tweeting, too!
37% of people on the #MMAWeb webinar have only used QR codes to go to a URL. There's so much more QR potential w/ !
Man we putting #Unlevel #TheUsociety on
I'm getting blisters on my feet cause of PE. Yoooo that's not even cool man!
Let your haters be your motivators.
I am thankful that it will all end eventually.
hey, how's everything sorry I missed your birthday! Happy late birthday!
Let's see pterodactyl tues ladies
“The Real World” returns Wednesday on MTV for its 23rd installment. Apparently somebody still watches this show, though who knows why.
FYI the hot waiter at #flosdiner is still hot.
“Unlike some men, I had never drunk for boldness or charm or wit; I had used alcohol for precisely what it was, a depressant to check the...
stop! I didn't D:
As such, tonight the WRP teaser trailer will debut first via torrent.
who's your daddy? #show how come you didn't wanna run it back?
Man life is beautiful! If you ain't enjoying life you ain't livin
Today was a fairly busy day. Wrote a little bit, cleaning the house, washing the dogs, fixing a few pipe leaks... Fun.
I bet they had a had a high Ben and Jerry's bill, too.
ugghh I have met my share of those before
Under no circumstance negotiate your integrity in business. Fear not the wealth will come.
hey Aunt Mary, where can we get tickets for the Vintage NOLA dinner ??
Excellent! Would love to hear about your experience. Who is the point person on that project?
Someone needs to have "the talk" with that person. They clearly don't understand reproduction.
I <3 John Wayne
adding some brain rot to my day, watching South Park with two teenagers -- my kids. Really relaxing, and corrupting, all at once.
speaking of shape, and how to keep it, i missed yoga today, feeling a lil naughty
Thanks so much!
I fuck wit street n#iggas dats what I raised round if I aint never sell dope, or hang round real killers you ll never catch me sayin I did
Going to my babies house.. no work today .. not feeling so great . "/
happy bday one day late! Hope it was fab w your girls!
so cool!!
Ready to put the finishing touches on an outstanding week... a Hoosier win would be the perfect ending!
How long before unlv guards begin to attack the freakin basket, settling for outside and out of control shots
Cookin meatloaf for the first time...pray for me. lol
Bitter sweet and strange, Finding you can change, Learning you were wrong...<3
I didn't read the whole thing yet, but I thought that too.
change you're name so I don't have to ask people. I didn't lie... WEAK SAUCE!!!!!
#Churchill: "I earned my living by dictating articles...." [editor: and his books] "I lived in fact from mouth to hand."
Wall Street, this is your champion. #blocklist RT : ugly smelly jerk
a mutual friend said we should get in touch regarding a project we have coming up. hit me up on DM w/ best way to contact you.
However, Resveratrol helps support increased blood flow.
Austin has the power to make me break down into tears.
Avoiding work today...
Nope! We do media/influencer support for new products/solutions and a ton of tradeshow work.
The Belmont Tavern has been demo'd. Let the building begin!
Finally Netflix decided to do something right!
#LebronHairline left the perk in to long like.denzel and spike lee in Malcolm X
Thanks for the mention, Holly! Susan
SO much to do before
Graduating May 2011? Today is the deadline to be included in the commencement prgm. Use the student ctr to declare your intent to graduate!
It's already started. Smh.
I wish I had the guts to say the things I want you to know... But there is that fear... Fear of rejection...
your welcome haha
ohh okay thank you! :)
it won't tell me what you replied to so i have no idea what you were talking about>.<
#Syria-I kno some of U think ur little #sect #revo is helping U-but its not!Its the STAGE #US govt uses 2 urge 4 #NATO intrvntion. ArguLater
If VY hadn't said "dream team" they would be undefeated
Love it
in the name of God, why would a parent want their child play for UCLA with all the chaos that's been going on under Howland
Trying the new breakfast/brunch menu at Coopers. Bloody is much better than the one I had here a few weeks ago.
Was just pooped on by my 1st Manhattan pigeon. Glad it was on my coat sleeve, not my hair. Still gross.
My throat hurts really bad
*Tip Status*
I thought It was Massie too! Unbelievable, pick wasted on injury prone player.
Just giving everyone a quick reminder that we have events going on Dec. 15-17, so try to keep your calendar free for that weekend!
We should have a new version ready for #reconnect that hopefully knocks your socks off.
You removed me from Facebook?:/
I never thought I'd be standing in frot of a McDonald's waiting to get in at 5:47am. But here I am!
alas no not at dinner. He's asleep by 7:30 when we have our reservations. He'll be around during the day tomorrow though.
You'll never guess what I did today
She said is a "thinker that puts out information".. U mean like a #reporter?! *gasp* yep, she's
Think I'll break into this Storage Wars industry slowly by bidding on this locker of the Taco Bell early morning Shift Leader
oh ok well go Make ur sushi/oodles of noodles
Hard work pays off.
Damn. I'll have to start driving Caprices without bullet holes in em. My other car is the 4 train!
no;) pathetic? xD
you weren't in wa today, were you?? I swear I just saw you! Thankfully the gal smiled back, lol
#rotten Cabin in the Woods. Last 25-30 minutes ruined the entire movie.
*growls at today* Don't wanna go to work. *pouts* But gotta get paid. *gets ready reluctantly*
You are an amazing talent! and I will buy your album so start working on it
Thanks for following! #dogood go #green!
On behalf of the Digital Dugout Dingoes, we challenge the Expos for California softball supremacy. What say you?
that was so would understand
I totally flipped thru channels to see if I could find it.
lmao if you got yourself a pair of 24" heels you'd male a great coach!
thanks for the article! yup!
How dumb do you sound saying a fan doesn't cool you off.
Lookin' like a Kathy, feelin' like a Cathy
smh, u done brought into this foolishness... now im never gon get the draws
#Inthe90s was just playing on his plastic drum kit...now look at him<3
when your just in that feel good mood that absolutly nothing can get you out of!
I agree, but privatization makes schools more efficient not less effective.
1. The Art of Creation. Koestler. Who are some of the most creative thinkers?
thank you kindly, we're pretty stoked about it too!
chirpin already...the only person who could score on me is myself
Cool visuals in the #Prometheus trailer, but it, uh, doesn't really appear to be about anything. Tribal drums and digital afterburners?
On October 7, 1849, Hoosier poet James Whitcomb Riley was born. "When the frost is on the punkin..."
Why the CRIP cross the street? CUZ...
Will Latoya get fired? Or Gary? Can't go wrong either way! We love Celebrity Apprentice!
Plays posted today from 105 cappers and 5 total consensus from their pks with 2 NHL, 2 MNA and the college on Louisville..See ya @ the wind
Totally zooted last night
Thanks for following. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
If we have to have 'em, I'd prefer them that way...
Shame we don't feel safe answern the door, if we are not xpectn company. U just don't know what ppl are planning. could b legit or not 
Odd that of all the men it's him that makes me feel most like a woman and not a little girl playing grown up.
I just came up with the best motto ever my dude. I'm charging you for this one. Lol
In #love, the best offense is NOT the best defense. Drop your guard & let them see your big, beautiful heart!
Yes, but the prize is better.
I have to stop flirting....i'm not about anything right now. true story.
Snow is cold, wet, and overrated :)
Need new cocktail rings.
Oh yeah, "uh oh" is a giant red flag that youre about to walk into a shitstorm.
Re :Lean cuisine container. Great tip! Thanks!!
Currently going ham on 2k with my brotha/cousin
Is that your keys solo at the end of "Never Told" That is one of the deepest ad libs I have heard in a while.
Mine comes tomorrow (I hope) Are you liking it?
cheers on the follow! Looking forward to sharing tweets.
Awesome!!! WISCONSIN WINS!!! Party in MAD TOWN Tonight!
If you are narcoleptic, you probably shouldn't drive.
The shortest scary story ever. → The last man on Earth sat in a room. Then there was a knock at the door
I don't care anymore
Latin Gold Thursdays! QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque! Rio Grande & Mountain! Salsa y mas... 9pm-130am
Must learn to not let my true emotions show on my face. The eyes don't lie.
I feel like you're using "taken with camera" to spite me.
Does anyone have a different weather app to recommend?
Q5. I follow Neil DeGrasse Tyson on FB. He's amazing!
Happy #Thursday everyone! The weekend is almost here, what will you be doing? Especially for #Cinco de Mayo!
and hosting Anti-Corruption Roundtable today at #Crrowe Horwath NYC offices. Great program on tap!
Oh do I have something great for ya'll! can't wait to show you....Coming soon
long term, we'd really like to move it around & meet at startup companies that want to host and/or tell their story!
How is everyone's day so far?
I haven't talked to my babes since earlier. Can't wait till 9 so we can fix that.
awesome! And encouraging :-)
yeah done. They hate me.
ohh.. well at least as far as that goes ther are a lot of cheaper cdns out there
Sittin in here high as fuck w/ Brian lol
Pray and act, then God will open the way for you. :))
Have you seen the new OnlineRehabClinic.com yet?
is this your first time in New York City?!
is a man among girls, just like papa Burgundy.
you've got to put up with someone's shit. You are all beautiful in your own individual way so never lower your standards.
u r the greatest....
It took us FOREVER to get to a tiny room in the back -.- Really bro, really?
kill ur self u supose to be helpn me
no.. Youtubes not working... I'll watch it later (:
Need a logo? Custom logos include 6-10 concepts, unlimited revisions...only $150. Great for new businesses!!! Have a great weekend :-)
I mean what I say and say what I mean!!
Media for the Republicans!!!! Why?
are you directing tonight? So excited!!
follow me!!!
well said kins.
I need a cheap small car for my daughter if anyone has one available! Dave
there is a tic tac tip..."be fabulous and wear sunglasses all day for no reason" ....so i obviously support being fabulous!
We have to go home so I can get my flip-flops. I always regret wearing normal people shoes.
Ah fail! My bad that would've been the right thing to do. Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
finishing up at Golden Tent! Delicious. Meeting pees at 164th shell 630
I taught some of your work in a seminar last semester, but I haven't had time to read the whole book until now!
Guess some of us would rather have an uncool president that bankrupts the country and makes up reasons to invade countries
I took the kids on it from Cincy to DC, you'll love it! Big seats, you can plug stuff in, and the food is pretty good!
favorite new podcasts for 2012 so far, Hollywood Prospectus from Grantland and Go Fork Yourself from
So, Round one was last night! What was everyone's favorite ride?
as soon as I can!!!
And so the packing begins. I hate moving but pumped to get out of this crib and in the new one.
cant wait!
RT : "For every complex problem, there's a simple solution that's wrong." (guest on )
I can seriously repeat every single word in Resident Evil along with the characters. There's half my childhood for you.
What God have for me is for me He been guiding my footsteps this long no need to go a diff route now Im ready for whatever!
I wouldn't say they copied it exactly. It's similar but there aren't a lot of ways to do notifications on mobile tbh.
That really enjoyable feeling you get when you eat ice cream way too quickly is what I get when I log on to facebook.
Lol Puss In Boots.
lol the freaking spider cat thing & masterbating cat one killed me. Holy hell.
My pleasure :))
trying to find something to do on the computer
Working hard
Wait.. why is there a soulja boy movie ?
Columbia wants to be Portland when it grows up
Bitches are scared to talk to me huh??
wants for president
Enjoy the Sunday with Mimosas, Wine tastings, and Shipyard Applehead beer on special!
Some deals on 9/11 1-Day Sale: BOGO Jones Dog Treat at The Pet Shop. Buy 2 decals, get the 3rd free at The Foam Co.
Every problem in ed has been solved by someone someplace before.
me to girly (:
YESS great call! Keep the tunes coming y'all RT: is an absolute must!
Thanks for the follow. I've taught Geometry and Precalc, also...good stuff.
I'm afraid to love because I don't know how to let go.
It's only work if you're actually walking the course. Carts don't count! ;)
I hate the doctor. They never solve my issues and always tell me to drink lots of water and get some rest...no shit Sherlock :-)
Go Long Island. Like to see more upsets tonight.
*stomach growls* “: and for a chicken 30 Minute Meal try green curry, crispy chicken, kimchee slaw, rice noodles enjoy! Jx #fb”
good luck to you all on Sunday... My favorite race of the year!
Netanyahu's speech....anyone watching?
Watching a recording of the Mexicana (predominantly Chicana) futbol match against New Zealand. Yeah, I know the unfortunate outcome.
What a catch by Manningham!
LSU game this week is huge. Nick Satan coming to town with a NUMBER 1 ranking on his back... This is incredible... ESPN Gameday there too!
I have been searching for a women since August...n a nigga still empty handed with a spacious heart *
Hopefully talks to her manager so I can get a job... I hate feeling poor... First job then car!!!
I heard you can get Havana Honeys. I've fallen in love with the blackberry flavor. How do I go about ordering?
Ya? Lol it's kinda really gross!
Finally fixed my phone! That was hectic
We love this infographic Great point on Multiple Content Delivery. Users are users! Content should always stay consistent!
lol I'm a lot better at keeping up on Facebook Haha!!
Study abroad! RT : It's official: I am staying in Austin for the summer. Unless I go to the UK for a month...
I'd like to learn more about your company. I tried calling, but only got voicemail for RV. Ask for Jake at 888-BRAUSSE. Thx!
OMG THE ENDING OF THOR IS LITERALLY THE BEGINNING OF THE AVENGERS. LIFE IS PERFECT.
Thanks, man.,
Check out that red band trailer for The Watch unless you really hate to laugh out loud.
Awesome!! Thanks John :)
Let me take a hit while u sit n watch ;)
gadget-gift guide from Frog Design Mind
"It takes a strong person to say sorry but even a stronger person to show forgiveness."
City of Dallas proclaimed for a week, that they were $40k short of budget to have the parade and it was gonna have to be canceled..
i love chinese food and their accents! but i wouldnt wanna do a chinese girl :)
Eat to live, don't live to eat.
lol, not as exciting as the ANCHORMAN news, but interesting.
be careful sir and play nice tonight, for it waits for you to mess up, goodnight if you fight right, so just sleep tight! (-_-)
Awesome new. RT Y'know what makes my day? Getting a call from ZYZZVA and being told they're taking my prose poem, "Dolby."
Got folks looking in 3 different directions...Looking silly..lol..
You give me butterflies.
then put your arms down
Ding Bats rely on the Constitution, History & Economy for success. Do they understand they're failing at all 3?
Bandwidth was suffering a bit for those of us on ATT or the free SXSW wifi.
Lick your lips!
tar is an amazing material to make art with. at the same time it is also the worst.
Aaaarrrrrggghh! So. Old. Must. Lie. Down. - May. Not. Recover. Holy cats.
NO WE NOT
Coming out party! RT I'm nearing 100,000 twitter followers. It feels sort of momentous. How should I celebrate?
Courtney lardo thinks she has a moose knuckle
Hey world of Twitter, We're NoMAd and we're here! Swag
we moved so much stuff in .. We're keeping basically all of brandon's stuff bc he didn't wanna take it home
I have some very clean boats after a long day of cleaning!!!
One of the best parts of my job is hearing people's stories...just interviewed someone who has been at for 44 years.
Just enjoyed a hot tub. Sorry ladies who want to get pregnant from me, you'll have to wait 90 days
Good Morning! 2nd #RhodeIsland Day visit! Helping the rents with the new
YO if anyone received a message from me don't click on the link its a virus! Sorry about it peeps! Holla if any other weird messages surface
ok amiga to defendendo o bieber
lol got to be slicker
9 yr old joke: you know I got dropped on my head when I was a baby LOL
Bout to get dressed
lets get some shows poppin
You the Truth Man... I listen to your Music EvErYdAy!!! Much Love...
pretty dope stuff bro.. I'd like to hear a few more for sure..
RT : Best quote of trip: "'Help yourself to the free pickle bar' may be the best thing anybody's ever said to me." - Roger Sagal.
#InSchoolTheresAlways That weird kid that says their a warlock, and believes it. O.o Or is that just my school?
Oh nice! I was thinking of picking that book up. Will do so for sure now.
It would probably be English or Music. What about you? By the way, I tweeted Joel and told him about his nose! :)
The way looks at big booty bitch's ass when he walks by >>>>
#lebron deserved the #mvp award. Forget the finals. If you don't think he's the leagues best player you don't watch enough basketball.
Free Comic Book Day!
me too and ok good its a date :)
the uniforms have no style. Just like the Seahawks on the field when they flop around trying and failing to win a game.
and watching Fez trailers my jaw dropped at the soundtrack. then it turns out IT WAS YOU. god damn. really beautiful tracks
I hate when people jus sit on the phone and don't talk. People jus bore me these days!
I'm wearing a hat because my hair looks so bad right now. haha
If they had twitter accounts, who would have more followers? Jesus or Bob Marley?
Ask yourself "What is the most valuable use of my time right now?"
The Labor Force Growth is Now Projected to Diminish, an Online ...
Own the day!
Start the Holiday Week Off Right With Some Blossoming Lotus Cocktails, Live Food, Chef Specials, Bowls, Wraps & more tonight @ www.blpdx.com
Guys can get away with fucking around, but girls can't. Ridiculous.
I really need to stop posting nudes on twitter. Lol
HAHAHA. and I STILL dont like you.
LOL Mike Brown is AWESOME!!!!
you know its true!
Tell your friends to join us on twitter for special "members only" deals.
� Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand. � Emily Kimbrough
SugarScape: "All Louis Does is thrust!" "Me: i fail to see the problem."
don't know you, but that's awesome!!! :P
RT : Briggs is missing..a Boston Terrier last seen near Park & Stowell in #MKE! If you find him contact Tricia O'malley on FB
can he scrap?? Lol
*brother walks in with Zayn Malik hair* me: OMG YES I LIKE YOUR HAIR BETTER THAT WAY!! Mom: no tell Kyle to trim it more me: NO MOM NO!!
91 more followers til 1000 help me beat she's still ahead but not by much! I need to win HELP ME PLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
packers and finley agree to a two year deal worth 15 million. Thats too much for a guy that cant catch a ball.
We're going to Candyland!
how about paying in order to be a promoted account? How much feria do you think he spent?
Itll be awesome! no worries!!
My silence in recent weeks = a lot of exciting stuff happening behind the scenes.
peace bro I really appreciate ur work, thoughts, ideas I heard on the NAC show. Will be looking for the book!
Do you know someone who would make a great volunteer tutor? Send them our way! We are always looking for more help for our adult learners!
yes. “: Josh Hutcherson portrayed Peeta so well and he personalized him brilliantly by flashing his heart-melt-worthy grin.”
#HappybirthdayPaul! We love you!
I love how my best friend is in love (:
oh ha! i guess we haven't talked much.
I could eat crescent rolls every day.
#RobinGibb Pneumonia has been Downgraded to just a Saturday Night Fever
im sorry lol
Fantastic tasting at #Lamarche this morning. 2010's are amazing across the range and 2011's are looking good too!
Perception is NOT reality but then again sometimes it is.
Happy Admin Professionals Day! The world would not go around without admin pros!
The Knicks are back!
Outta work early!
Salty and sweet, Salted Caramel drops in @ Berryline Fenway!
Thx! We look fwd to mtg you! RT : We look forward to attending the AEF. Great job on the good work.
great work out!
High fives for the follows and - Fraley, I have vintage office stuff for yinz. Get at me.
It's okay! I figured you would be somewhat tired after a long day and all. :) No need to apologize
Caught the production of Paula Vogel's "The Long Christmas Ride Home" last night and it was OUTSTANDING! Runs 'til 4/17.
That's where Oduro needs to be working from: wide areas. He's not a center forward.Good move by Klopas. Oduro should be on ball more.
Work with someone that is already getting the results you want to see, experience.
thanks for the inspiration on humpday! (yesterday)
SeaTac. Free wifi, no outlets. SAN still wins.
Rod McKuen. I'm apparently lost in the 60's.
CPWG fist meeting completed. Come to NAAR for a detailed overview.
Turnovers turnovers turnovers will not win you the game.
I'll take your word.
Who said, “I have Uptown problems, which aren't really problems at all" ?
chanel leather tote cream clutch handbags gucci bag for sale - Portada Magazine
very nice
i'm in love<3 #AustinMahone ;)
A woman without curves is like a pair of jeans without pockets...you don't know where to put your hands ;)
Actually caught a few mins of 2nd half. ManU = garbage RT Tell me you watched the big derby match today! moved into first!
I want to go to marching band practice
dancing to selena, cuz thats how i get down (((:
that lupe jam
as ready as you are:) -- even if Congress/state leg is in single digits....people like their own congressmen/legislator
Last look at book of dog breeds: American Hairless Terrier. "Perfectly acclimated to Caribbean climate." Sleepy. No one coming to mind.
Composing some new packaging
So did you ever get over to the Bakehouse?
Are we looking at a good bye to you tonight?? *crosses fingers hoping not*
I honestly can't wait until I move out.
Thank you boo 💜RT : happy mothers day 😘😊💚
I really should switch my audio podcast subscription to their video subscription, it's so much more fun watching the show!
"Leave it, leave it! I like italian." Daniel, this is jazz... "yeah... I like italian."
oh I texted and called about the corn maze, but no response.. PS....It was a blast. Just Sayin
Feb 23 is Chris Vrenna's () birthday! Please wish our friend a Happy Birthday!
If it hadn't been for love - Adele
agreed. KU helped by passing the ball like a bad high school team
you my dear are fabulous... And very kind!
working on a couple big architecture-centric projects plus there will be an exciting announcement next month!
haha i love harry potter
smile back
Very good. Looking forward to reading!
Damn i swear I gotta be the best at this...
#Madison, we'd love to hear some of your favorite post workout snacks! How do you refuel after a tough workout?
Ya, my expectation is SA follows only versions of the original work.
Mabe quoting bloggers in his opening :)
hate the world
FOLLOW ME YOU PERFECT HUMAN. please.
Classic RT : Elway: "Plan B...we don't have Plan B....we're going Plan A"
Following will make you SMILE BIG!
THANK YOU For the mention - YOU ROCK! XO J
Always keep it classy just a little bit nasty.
I need a good laugh right now , someone text me . Lol
Happy happy day :)
those muthafuckers! nah too far. this time it was easier cuz i knew the lady and my mom asked and she said yes
Good morning wok-lovers!!!! have a great day!!!!
#ThatAwquardMoment when ur in starbucks and ur the only middle schooler there o.O
We have more & more Americans w pers. connections around the world & yet in Congress there is less & less support 4 global progs.
I'm listening to Medicine for the first time after all these years, and I confess myself disappointed.
we got you covered! Kora has outdoor seating and is pet friendly. Right near Crystal City Metro
The cheap way.
You doing ? has a group we're putting together. Epic. Electrifying. Hardcore. All appropriate descriptors!
Last Thursday Sidewalk Sale on 2nd St. Sales, trick or treats & more! Open till 8!Drop by for candy & Natura samples.www.austinloftydog.com
This year for lent, I'm gonna give up religion.
Maybe the real question is why are you such a jerk in public spaces when people are trying to be nice, ?
Every year its the same thing "Damn I thought u were like 25" Smh
Quick is to quick
it's so hard to find stuff...
what system??
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved..
And get the hell away from my woman . You Taylor Gang niggas think you can do whatever you want .
#TameThoseTigers #HatsForBats Let's go Yankees
its lookin good. We got this!!! :) dont you think so?
glad that your fam is ok. are you heading to tonight?
Will do, thanks.
thats called heliocentricism. East coasters are bloated with it.
Liked the bags you saw in my last blog post? RunRunRun is now offering a 20% off coupon code to use - just type AUDREY at checkout! :)
THANKUUU! “: Well thank YOU Josh! Glad to be here for ya! Enjoy some fun in the sun this weekend.”
i love t-mobile only because the my touch
its better than nothing. would rather have franklin.
What's for breakfast?
Love 30 for 30... Magic Johnson one on now on ESPN been really good so far
I'm so excited for #touch I can't wait to see what's gonna happen to Jake!!!
hey! Long time, what you been up to sweetie?
Do not demand someone's soul if you already have their heart...
Congrats on #DellWorld. Great turn out and content.
Going home. Opening a bottle of cheap red wine and finishing up this massive tradeshow booth design. Maybe while sitting at the picnic table
Thank you for the re-tweet
Tactics, fitness, stroke ability, adaptability, experience, and sportsmanship are all necessary for winning
you comin today or jus gonna wait til next June
I'm sorry my dude, I forgot to wish my favorite WWE superstar a happy birthday so, Happy Freaking Birthday!!
listening to So Addicted. hot stuff! you should listen to a couple tracks by my boy Mig
If you don't like me, someone else will. If you don't miss me, someone else is. If you don't love me, someone else does!
I love arabic food
Battier and Chalmers have huge fouling problems.
Met 3 new home-based business owners today! Each one has their own story about how they got there..I will blog next week about it...Helene
Harvard Institute for academic librarians is great! Long, rigorous week and totally worth it!
I was not referring to you! :-)
I love . No wait, not like that. I mean I... never mind. Just look at the twitter account in question and you'll see.
this week's #DC fun fact: #PresidentBillClinton is speaking at tonight!! probably as i write this! :D
Just launched everything for - check out his new facebook / youtube / twitter - download his sick tracks if you like EDM.
we're here in Bristol UK audience is very receptive Niki Wade TN'T LaSonya Misty Catt Rose Mike Ashley Khiry
I feel like it is truly impossible to think about US-USSR relations during the Cold War without thinking of ROCKY BALBOA VS IVAN DRAGO!
Happy New Year!
Now let's just hope they LOSE the game in addition to everything else!
Ballerrr - gonna miss you at lunch! Don't get too aggressive with those Jonas Bros Rocking out w/ amazing talent
sure. Mp3?
Colin Tait (): untangle authorship from film analysis
I don't think I'll ever be disappointed by a sunset. Or the Beatles.
Watching on ustream, he is hilarious!!<3
Jerome Simpson.
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily
Perfect day to kick off #brewers season! Yeah Yeah #millerparkopener Go #brewers!!
Thats not even his twitter name. Haha
Don't forget the Free Mad. Co. Wide Gospel Concert for Fire Rescue House Sat. Nov. 13 6pm at The Paramount. Bring non-perishable food item
nasty nipped Nate PLEASE CHELSEA well listen of he made it through anyone can make it..
Go lefty!!!
Come to our first Gallery Night event on April 20th for your chance to win 2 tickets to the Harley-Davidson Museum courtesy of
RT : wht does tattoo really mean?
ON AIR NOW<< Jackpot with Bill Previtti
miss ya too...things r good ... totally relaxed....gonna do sports talk on the Fan .. start Sun
I'm getting a gag reflex thinking about eating lunch with you. Maybe that was the problem? ;-)
Hell yes. RT : wednesday for Hell's Bottom release and Thursday Get your local support on!
TIMEOUT!! Mike Brown better call that timeout!! Get Gasol some water!!!!
thought that was re buying an organized religion without looking deeper. Seem to remember Campbell saying to moyers.
That one gurl that really took your breath away. :O <3
the storm is almost over
If your anger comes from lack of understanding, then shouldn't you have asked questions before you let your emotions control you?
Set A goal Map Your plan and Believe in you! No other way to get it done! It's All Up To You!
Greg take that off and ManUp!!
Thanks! I plan on doing something each week! Didn't see a link on your profile, where can I view your work?
Lost my faith in boxing. Pac lost dat fight straight up. Fuck boxing! !!!!!!
Was told that pedicure salons don't like my Ped. pals I was told after using my Ped pals it stoped the buildup of callouses maybe thats why
In my small little dutch town of Lynden, Washington I just saw a truck from Pakistan!
Bitch looks like skeeter from Doug.
Is there ANOTHER WORLD out there?
Martin Gomez - leaves us with question: what's in best interest of the public?
true story: bankrupted by antiques at
If you guys could give me a shoutout it would be greatly appreciated!!
Headed to knoxville!!
Looking to add another language for subject specialization- the "people as resources" really interest me.
haha he IS! i didn't mean to say it THAT loud! Lolol i love ya'll!:)
Did Tiger borrow Ernie Els' pants??
That one song -___-
Its hard to say I do, When I dont
Sunday. I miss football.
I hope I catch this fish 🐠
I know it's "just school," but clean yourself up a little bit. Damn.
text me! :D
Bell's HopSlam...freshly tapped and going fast.
F*** who you want F*** who you like....# LPA APPROVED
No problem.
Hospital tea=syrup Hospital coffee=strong
The heart has become hardened & insensitive. The law is made by the heart but the insensitive heart is a dangerous heart. It is solipsistic
is it out i the us yet?
thanks for the rt lisa!
Attended a great educational dinner hosted by Madison last night. Thank you!
"God isn't interested in your comfort zone" -Mark Lancaster
#Beginners Movies w/ moving subplots of damaged father-son relations get me every time. Why'd you have to fuck things up so bad, dad?
Just landed at MIA and already missing my Dominican coffee in tiny cups.
oh right, I do have a blog, don't I...
I swear ppl who work in fast food restaurants out here move with pep in their step like a scooby snack is awaiting them after placement
Can some people meet me at the Epicenter?!!
great! 2 free kids per paid adult, FYI :)
better not be the selfish one.
Major delay on red line. Holding over @ every stop. Single tracking due to a cracked rail. I not recieve an announcement from
it was really good!!!
agreed his length and athleticism are sick...needs work at offensive end but I'd take him
Sexy! Topless.
If they are precious in His sight, they should be precious in all of ours as well.
THANK YOU! :)
Doesn't creep me out- I would just rather enjoy the place I'm at than take time to tell everyone I'm there.
seriously tho let me come c;
Did U Get Yo Tat Hit A Nigga Up Major Like U Didn't Know.Problems
Had a fantastic burger courtesy of the first home #BBQ weekend and a great vanilla shake courtesy of
Sitting in the balcony w | my twin & keyante (:
I suck at painting my nails... 💅I think I need those chinos to do them ASAP!
now i have motioncity soundtrack stuck in my head cuz it sounded similar. haha
Needed shared experiences of family & friends to prepare for the talk. Prep started when our kids were toddlers. Really.
only real faggots walk the track with their eyes closed. #whoevendoesthat ;)
Might stop by #Graveyard Tavern in a few im so bored
Hey New York: Tell me where all your readings are at. Especially the secret ones.
Holy moley, those MVP chants for Kemp are some of the loudest I have ever heard.
OMG I bought so many wonderful moments at Costco today...the big surprise was fresh figs...I know right Fresh Figs! Happiness is Fresh Figs
almost done...almost done!
I didn't know what to say
I adore twitter, must start tweeting more!!
Great game for -- congrats on heading to the next round of the NBA postseason!
Yeah. That's where I'm watching. First season's so good. Ted turned into an annoying douche after a few years, but he's OK here.
Come on Buckeyes. Step it up.
same here friend!
under-statement RT : i get the same size but im skinny so
that's so cool! when?(:
An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
thanks for tweeting!
i like tweeting you because you prefer texting
we're tryna get him to! Even though I already met him other ppl need a chance!
If I Can't Make It Dawg!, Then Ima Take It Dawg!
TYGA BEEN SNAPPIN!!! DRAMA I NEED TO DO A TAPE WITH YOU!! -LIL META- JUST MADE A HALLOWEEN CLASSIC!! META MYERS ITS ON WORLDSTAR
's biggest contribution to his team this year came off the field in the form of beats pro headphones
I'm eating grilled cheese to! Just not with ranch... hahaa
I have said this before and will say it again. Do Not post pictures i.e. your weed and bong online that an employer could find offensive
It says "I love cowBOYS
"All I Need to Know I Learned Being a Caregiver" - include your lesson at: www.Facebook.com/HomeInsteadInc
It pays the bills boo
Witt my love(:
Dont jump cuz! We got a game on monday!!! RT On my balcony thinking about life.
Post crab boil bliss. Thx Sweet strawberry rhubarb cobbler dreams
West test is pointless.
Shouts out 2 & 4 your excellence this week in DC!
yes. I suspect that you and would look *wonderful* in kilts.
Happy Halloween, everyone!
i cant smoke right now lol But i know the process
Who got their #FleuryFlakes!?! I did, I did!
Getting ready to do our first ever podcast! Let's complete this test run first, then blogtalkradio here we come!
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why...Henry Van Dyke
I'm ok, Joe, just going through a rough spot. Hope you're living the VC dream still! ;)
Very strange but fun to ice skate in Santa Monica sun. Thanks for invitimg me
so I discovered an issue w/Wholefoods AmEx discount. I can't buy $75 worth of organic food w/o wasting some of it. :(
haha I clucked it and it said that so I clicked it again and it said that again!! Hahah I'm about to check if it let's me c Austins
Correction call on Jesus for your prayer needs, let pray with you! Let's go!!!
aw. That's so sweet of you.
Big Shout out to the homie! She's some1 u need to know Artist! Good people!
Lots of update coming up right now. :D Then I'll be hitting Time and The-!, too.
There are no good options today.
yall play every week? I'll be down to play, perhaps take your spot lol
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
thank you...doing what I can to keep higher taxes and tolls at bay!
Did you guys miss me? 
are you not just using the twitter app? Because I can't imagine doing this via txt!
My very first celebrity crush has just died. Goodbye, Davy Jones.
so u almost got in trouble cause I saw in the truck and "you" didn't get out when I got there lol dam doppelgängers
I am totally thankful that God gave me somebody like you ♥
idk, rainbow tights sounds kinda awesome
Oh so you took 20 minutes to text me back? k, cool I'll take 30. (;
thanks im sure I will!
Come find us at the Williams Sonoma Farmers' Market tomorrow, Sansome/Union, 11:30-2pm
that random text that makes ur day ;)
I'd give it a mild-to-medium cheddar in terms of cheese-factor.
Don't Miss KKIM Radio's 40 Years of Service To Our Lord Jesus Christ @ Legacy Church's Main Campus in Albuquerque, Friday, April 13th
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 14
umm..your photography is incredible!!!!!!!
A wondrous thing to behold, in the curvature of its expression, sweeping lines that draw the eye to the doors of a silent haven.
Thanks for 4 great years Darius! Its not over yet, but you're going down as one of the most loved Cats in history.
which one haha
Dear Girl who fainted, You should have fainted in his arms..(;
But, #Andruw Jones was the one newcomer I had faith in. Lost a lot of weight and still has 35+ HR power in that park if he gets the ABs.
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "the power groups also control the Media and administer mediocrity, they transmit what they to when they want...
I know. I was like "lalalalala." My writer ears do not want to hear that!
can only hope that people understand this law is for the protection of the country .
Hey Shockey if you didn't snitch quit talking about how you didn't.
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle: theres no drama and your not comitted to anyone
Forever and Always <3
We have lots of resolutions and goals for next year and years to come. It's exciting!! Anyone thinking about resolutions yet?
great! Let us know how it goes.
I want to make moves, but I guess you need patience.
imagine getting a lap dance from Louis...
5 bet shoved T8o. got the fold ;-)
Timelapse of a timelapse video presentation may lose some content. We shall see.
oh u did those straight days at work again.No wonder u're up at this time.What you got planned tomorrow besides sleeping😲
Flying to NYC tomorrow to be at the Showcase. I'm the booking agent for this tour!
Thanks for partnering & hope you and your staff love the coupons we sent! Come on in and give us a whirl!
“: Sophie is beautiful!” thx Shelley. Hope all is well with u :)
Happy Chinese New Year & Year of the Dragon everyone
U must B smoking!!!! Y'all jinks the bulls from rose being injured 2 now. I hope the bulls wnt evr do y'all show again.
I h8 u
Insufferable rantings of a vapid narcissist next table over. Someone has been watching to much Sex and the City.
Thank you to for being right with us from the start of this Kickstarter drive. We're excited to be doing it with your support.
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now?
Be not dismayed whatever betide, God will take care of you... Just abide beneath His wings of Love.
UW seriously considered canceling UpToDate last year. I think the current contract was a 1yr emergency band-aid.
You say you don't care when really deep down I know you do
is placing herself in "time-out" until she is able to play nice with others ~ This may take a few hours..
This is absolutely wonderful. The joy on that little face!
Q5 being served ...
Some devil wit' a pitchfork keeps talkin' like he knows me.
-- Noo Now you Dumb , Over Rose Lmao You Stupid
OK! Have a wonderful night!
DAS IT!!! I just want someone to pay for my TITS!!!!
You interested in collaborating with Jay?
Good luck with the launch of PINK! Wondering if it helps strengthen shoulders? I've popped mine out more than once. Ouch.
On one hand, I think the iTV is stupid, since I have an AppleTV. On the other, not going to buy a new TV until they are released.
thanks! Don't break them this time though. Hahah.
Nice got my iPod back !! It only took a $2 sim card but I'm back in business !!
thank you :-)
Get Pizza in a Kone today 11:30-2:30 Hwy 40 east 75 next to Atsides Rest. Supply ingredients local teachers get free beverage w/order
Bathrooms so high class it has window in the stall
But I need that spark to get psyched back up.
It's so stupid. No one has ever died or been hurt doing the crawl but how about Bricktown or Western? It's like they made it up.
Really can't wait for this day to be over so I can have 2.5 days of lifting in PEACE
Deborah Ball-UofM dean. "how do high leverage teaching practices for math relate to high leverage teaching practices in general?"
Retired ATF says, "Hell's Lovers are not in the business of contributing to society, they are in the business of taking away from society."
exactly. He's a 1st round talent. If you only get 3 years out of him at that level it be sweet. Plus the comedy!
Happy Fathers Day! I AM my baby's daddy!
Phillip Phillips fans, are you voting? Gotta get our boy in the finals! Call 866-436-5703, 06 or 09 (change last 2 digits) Call till 12!
wow...n sync...so may hits. we should go out and sing some boy band karaoke together.
Thursday, October 8, 2009 4:30 pm Asian and Asian American Studies Fall Receptions McMullen Museum
Sheesh. Don't egg him on or anything!
Every 50 followers will win a pair of hot new shades so keep follwoing & RT for your chance 2 win
So basically told Lamar...."Big bank take little bank"!!!
You are my connection to the Davis world! Great work and wonderful to see you here in twitter land.
Well tried to run for the first time in a week and a half. Wasn't happening. im gonna be out the rest of spring ball. Going back to the doc
Did you know if you Google "pepper mustard" that Uncle Jim's is 5th on the Google page??? Shoot, people pay to have that kind of stuff!!!!
hey twitters please follow
Hate waking up alone and scared. 😔
Hoping to meet some cool folks and get some inspiration at #DUXcamp this Saturday in DC... anyone else?
we will be soon! Spread the word and tell your promoters to book us!
What are your thoughts on what happened with Coach Alford and the BYU player?
U r a star Hilary! Thank you!
They must know you are a TV star ;)
Girls who think their hotter than they actually are <<<<<
registrations went pretty quickly indeed. Interesting topic, I guess.
Thanks for the shout out hope we can get the change to chat a bit someday, it is my pleasure to follow you.
LOL! A cactus! We should write a pros and cons beard list someday together.
Wow I just clicked on the "people you may know" tab and like 135695643 people popped up
It's FRENZYFRIDAY! Name your price, today only! Contact me and mention FRENZYFRIDAY13! This Friday the 13th brings good luck and savings!
congrats, game and stakes u were playing?
i hope one of you guys saw my tweet on the show! Love you guys!
#TMDNASCAR tomorrow will be interesting to say the least...
I can't do it later
OMG!! St. Berry are amazingly flawless!!!
are names are a lot alike my first name is Julia and my last name starts with a B(:
April Linder novel Catherine is a retelling of Wuthering Heights set in NYC #lbyrpreview The #flatiron building is on the cover
Can anyone recommend a podcast hosting service? Tried today but it blew up in my face (technically speaking).
that's on par with tweeting while driving!
I wish, i want to go skiing/snowboarding/sledding
I don't want to go another day, that's exactly why I'm tellin you what's on my mind.
hi Anthony! (:
Maybe the #Brewers stole the #Cardinals rally squirrel from last season. They did hit the ball well last night.
absolutely! Do you need any quotes for future posts?
I'm sexy and I know it.
I wouldn't be so proud of that w, #aztec fans. That was almost a 2nd half meltdown.
Anyone going to OVW tonight?
$45 for 3 Hours of Home or Office Cleaning Services ($90 value)
horay horay its such a sunny day! Get away to the USA! Come
lol I'm tryna help u out
Just followed him. Enjoying the news before early workday.
we would def be interested in having sax or flute on something. Let me bring it up with the guys.
when's ur next game? I'm in town for a little bit..
do you want chocolate chip, blue berry, or triple berry? (:
Still a half hour left for pint night at Triskele's! Get here quick!
Most people may look back over the years and identify a time and place at which their lives altered noticeably.
That's so divisive.
now he is really laughing.If he would give you the time of day i'm sure he would tell you.
really your dying your hair
They got this surprise party setup for my brothers birthday. Its about to be hella wild
Thank you to all our followers! RT if you are a FloCo Fusion resident or plan to be one soon!
WKU and Miss Valley St should both get permanent bans from the NCAA tourney after watching that game
Woo-Who Friends it's Friday! Who's in the mood for some tailgating tonight? We're getting the grill ready!
Far away from New York and hitting the craps table in Vegas. Will be with the boys next week... Mo.
WHO TRYING TO SKYPE
I love my boyfriend :) he's amazing!!!
Waiting for my steak to arrive :D I'm ready to be fully satisfied!!!!
Let's keep it going new goal 10k. #YesArmy time to recruit.
amen go harder tho!
#cookingtip Add finely ground instant potatoes to purees as a thickener. You can also pulse regular potato flakes in your food processor
If i could i would tell the whole world how he makes me feel :D
Growing up in Kansas made me neurotic about storms. Having kids made me more neurotic. Now I'm crazy worried about my kids during storms.
#WhyDoPeople say one thing and then not follow through?
That really look like me?
The best thing in life is the memories you have been given because no one can take them from you.
you're welcome!
yeah gotta say tech toys :)
Winner Winner! Read aaalllll about it...! today's exclusive offer.. 2 WINNERS for $free.99
I like post-workout soreness. Means I've done something right. Today I'm rethinking that. Everything's sore: legs, back, eyelashes
How dare you speak ill of Sarah Shahi!? I will cut you.
Celebration of the buffalo's role in their culture.
You were in my 'Who To Follow'...says your in Liverpool. My only connection to UK is Ipswich in the 80s. Just saying HI!!! :)
Yes sir saw you make that point. What puzzled me re: Arianna was that the racist images were all over the huffington post!
On WED., APRIL 25 at 10pm, we're raffling away TICKETS TO SEE THE MELVINS, who are playing on May 1st at Turner Hall!
Disregard the previous stupidity leak. Kids eat free & 2for1 drafts tonight. And a nap for a certain manager :)
why not?
Look out for Amit Doshi, Executive Director, on page 61 of the April issue of
Greetings from the Baltimore Media Orchestra!
RT Rest in Prayer: I lay the cares of this day at your feet, my God. Hear my prayer.
ima try to get out there this summer, and thanks bruh holdin it down fa ya girl!
Get ready for Des Moines - tonight!
He is here ; see he got his pizza (: LETS DO THIS.
Oh, where are you headed now?
Saw #RedTails Friday and #Underworld Saturday. Both 1&2 on box office.
Did anyone see the new show #Scandal last night, I think I have a new Thursday night favorite!
love this night
..Axtell I'm gonna get my Steely Dan ghost notes going...I've been practicing just for you my little prince.
I'm surrounded by idiots. >:O.
my dad has an iPad , what has the world come to ?
Welcome back Morris! Rushing TD. Power up 7-6
Happy French election day. Anybody know what time the polls close in France on today ?
Thanks so much Pat! We are so glad that you came to the show!
awwwe so you're retiring your Twitter or Facebook??
That would do it.
lol silly girl.
Name Bubbles Launches Write On! Labels
I thought you knew me better than that...
"it's not that I am against winter, I just don't like compromisng my footwear for whatever is falling from the sky"
Madonna wrote and has talked about the social psychologists agree:one of the largest sources of stress in peoples live are too many friends
Hope everyone had a nice weekend... refreshed (somewhat) and ready for a new week of hard work - practice, write, administrate, practice...
totally understand. My cousin's cat was put down this week. Girl, you just don't know.
They can because they think they can. Virgil
Perfect use for a mouth..... Lmao!
#sacscoc 51% of institutions require training for online faculty.
In The Car Bumping Kirko Bangz ; Drank In My Cup ;))
If you really want to get good at selling beats, pick up all the marketing eBooks. ONLY buy eBooks written by internet millionaires.
ha. publicist.
we have zip drives if you really need. In various closets
Weaver just told MLB Network he left dugout in 8th despite superstiton b/c "I had to pee so bad!" That's awesome!
Who's online
Thanks! Have a great weekend RT: ": Thanks for the follow, Happy #FF!"
alright! We will
Our kitchen is closed today to celebrate the Easter Holiday & will be cooking EL tomorrow for pick-up or delivery on Tuesday, April 6th!
Just sent a request to #SHRM in an effort to bring my blog readers expert information on job hunting and recruiting practices.
me & my bitches KILLING this shit :)
he never met with Bo. That was the issue. He called him when he was on vacay and told him he wants to transfer.
RT : "Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." - Victor Kiam
42nd St & Chandler opening soon but make sure u come thru to KEO @ 15th Ave & Thomas for dat fresh cut.
I'm not a "mommy" blogger nor do I review producs so I guess I can wave goodbye to a #BlogHer12 sponsorship!
Boringest day ever. Ugh
Just finished the Run:4Justice poster I've been working on... I'll have it up on facebook tomorrow!
The B97 Birthday Blowout starts Thursday!! Check it below!
Not at all. I believe MS are in breach of a court judgment. Apple are just closed by design and practice.
- Jonathan Carpenter. #huh?
Bro all I got to say is ghetto gold
I really wish the picture on your article would have contained more back sweat
hey how have ya been?
RT : DSLR shooters: if you shoot too flat/too high ISO, you'll end up with images that I like to call "noisy as fuck".
lol I bet you could(;
thanks! It's Sunday, but he festivities began last night
"Incense is Incense. I buy mine from Asians and you buy yours from witches." - LaxBro's starting to make sense. I must have a contact high.
Happy May Day, friends! #treats #andsnoozin (p.s. Taj Gibson = May cover boy on Bulls calendar ... wonderful :)
“There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.”
Today ten young starlings splashing in a small birdbath gave me flashbacks of being a kid.
U gone see y they call me the golden child nigga!!!
Here's to for being named director of the new Center for Collaborative Journalism between my former newsroom and alma mater!
Look at that stage from Bruce to Paul. Rock it boys.
GAME DAY. BOYS ARE BACK IN TOWN. LETS GO TIMBERS!
I'm the only one awake and it sux cause I can't sleep and nothing on TV
this may not mean much since its comin from me but Happy Mother's Day lil sister :)
im going with junior or senior.
will do
Me: "do you think homeless guys hook up w/ homeless girls?" : "probably under the bridge?"
don't care about what you say, I love that movie! Lol
Getting crazy over here RT whoa, whoa. Slow down there.
Let's do it. We'll need to get to Skype in or something.
Check out Ben's latest Huffington Post!
Hey AvrilLavigne how are u ?
Angry Authors app to be launched. Throwing hardbacks at publishers until they agree to publish. #lbf Funny how to throw ebooks?
Lmao yes you can!
or if you're on the phone fighting over who has to hang up first :)
Finally have California license plates....feeling like an official resident now
i think its so cute when a guy just holds your butt perfectly when he's sleeping.
": I miss everyone in 's avi. Thats really sad actually.." we needs to get together!
rates?! O.o
it's a National Day Of Prayer today... "We should stay on our knees to walk right".
Holy heck, that was a show last night. Dayton OH, Trolley Stop tonight. There will be no fun at this show.
Wow Lucia! Congratulations!!
Would spend all my time in Zanzibar, but I really want to see Kampala again—it's been almost four years!
can I just take baby lux. seriously, she's the cutest thing in the world.
I need a sunrise, I'm tired of sunsets
November has arrived & Thanksgiving is right around the corner! What is your favorite Thanksgiving dish?
I mean, how long is that thing going to last.
so nice out
Jose James kicking off my weekend. Sweet!
yaah I did. This morning and last night.
You're very welcome. Really enjoyed it and could identify. Nice work!
That's good, create outlets are great! Do you ever go to #thinkndrink? I haven't been but they seem like great people.
I chose death before dishonor
Breakfast Special- Sausage Egg & Cheese on Biscuit $1.95 Come one come all. Eat in or take out- The Breakfast of Champions at the...
I remember the first time i went to the movie theater. It was when i went to go see shark boy and lava girl in 3D those were the good days
You guys can go to the comic book store when man can once again safely poop in space.
Watching Carl Natale's talk on SoMe in training. How to bring the tools to the classroom.
Theres definitely a major phishing/worm whatever it is out there on Twitter. Plz be careful and don't open any links unless they're verified
I just tweeted the final. I kind of had to drive to work in the middle of it.
Very Steven Wright
Dreaming but dreams come true too... Jammin out at fire pit, that would be bad ass!
kets collab tiff on a film project:)
Um... You're name is on it, so it's not that much of a secret… LLN
Bored. Hates the hashtag "#OkayWithThatRightNow". Will never use it again.
Things that appeal to me at the mall: the smell of Auntie Anne's pretzels, cheap accessories stores.
Economic progress clashes with environmental concerns
To make the move or not to? So far in favor of the move
Hanging from a book shelf in the library
My life is the weirdest, smallest world. I think I might have abnormally long social tentacles. Bizarre life is whacky.
#follow me I
The fact that games are voluntary is a crucial element of games. Is this a insurmountable challenge to gaming in education?
Sucks to be single for eight months. Soon I will find the one ^_^
only like 2 miles of walking down that road hahah.
It was tense, not scary. Whimsy kept it from being scary, e.g. naked brother, msg. under wallpaper, a bow and arrow??
Q. Did you hear about the male prostitute who got leprosy? A. He did okay until his business fell off.
Creating something new... a cute little iPad game with my daughter's help.
I dont care about my stupid credit cards my SSN is in there and so is my id for me to get on a dumb plane nd I have no cash
Hecks yea! Two hours! Sweet jesus! Lol
Thank you for the follow!
Just chatted with a mother and her son in N Seattle, they just got into transitional housing!
getting ready to hear betsy bird speak here in chicago!
See what happens when you fuck around.
Florence & The Machine #HeavyInYourArms💙
Public forum is now closed.
finally, someone who agrees with me!! :)
50% douche parade, 50% smokin' hot hair gel models (ok fine, 100% douches)
I'm good. You good??
Neither. Phillip should win
please follow back ;)
Je le pupu bo ju goo goo le fro bro como te la vu jean pierre?
thank you for following.
I'll pray with you! Details not necessary.
what r u trying to say
I made vegan banana bread and am about to watch Dateline. I'm super cool, I know.
U will be Warmly welcomed here in Portland! U thought the welcome at game was big wait til u hit the RG as a BLAZER
I missed a workout yesterday so I did two workouts today , Cardio and yoga I was exhausted
although I kinda got distracted with Facebook and the wifi. Haha.
austin follow me it's my dream
Yeah, see ya soon? Grand Opening April 1 9-3!
youtube/state authentics
Great showing by last night at ITTs.
Just misplaced my IPhone in the couch cushions and was frantic looking till I used Find My IPhone and played a sound!! I LOVE Apple!!!
Thank you for following me!!! omg My heart stopped .. you are my favorite interviewer !! ^_^
hey nyc, some BIG show news coming late tonight or in the morning - stay tuned! #NYC,
It was fun, it's cool to be part of something as new as this.
TGIF!.. Have a great start to the weekend!!
I do the same type of things like that every summer too. Nothing will get your blood pumping though like cage free shark feeding.
G Road 67 Mustangs 44. Headed to the ship!
Silver Lake Takes Stake in William Morris Endeavor - New York Times
so great to see you! I'm looking forward to your amazing positive tweets.
Haha, I did indeed... I'm SUCH a night owl, lol.
Congrats Cierra on going to the next level - you were awesome as a #Nole and will be even better in the WNBA!
NEW Weekend Tweeps! (Thx for the follows!)
naw i have worked new music into my sets yet
what is it called?
Someone buy me a new belly ring. Kthnx. 👍
#NowPlaying "Happier Than the Morning Sun" by S. Wonder (That's a bold title when you think about it.)
nothing they being to yell at me and the whole calss did 2
I know :(( we crashed the system at Rocketown.
Save $50 off membership to , this is a EXCLUSIVE! Check out the free app for details.
Dont make me come up to section 40 RT : I see you doing your thing at the game for sport marketing. You still su ...
I will laugh the day you run out of jokes.
Awesome #midwestfashionweek. Appreciate all u'r support. C u Mar 10-17, 2012.
Only way to go is ip
Hoodie Allen at official sold the fuck out!
how italian of a name is your kid gonna have ;)
It's like the billing person at my OB's office is supposed to raise pregnant women's blood pressure so they have more costly pregnancies.
I could continue watchin' #LotteryTicket for years !
I always wonder why our Louisville cardinal looks so darn angry.
Thanks for spread the word. Give EggDrop a try and let us know your feedback.
Jim Taylor is doing a special talkback at on April 30th after the 8PM show!
Wearing my salmon colored penny loafers (:
It is only three if you slur your words
Goodnight world !
Waiting for hoping that they announce a match for at #Sacrifice2012 #TGMTEL and best champion EVER
I love the word #acoustic also the music that it is.
This guy in front of me looks real good in that tank showing off his muscles. Then I saw his frosted tips. Ew.
I love it when the metro engineer has a sultry voice.:)
how am I rude? im not going around calling people whores and saying rude things. your just a kiss ass now
How do I "like" a retweet?
Nose giggling with
I wunna go home. I hate when my parents force me to my brother's baseball games😞
Happy birthday Sarah!
:D classic RT : "The only difference between me and a leprechaun is I snorted my pot of gold" Robin Williams
Woke up with a headache!.
Sounds AWESOME!": I think I wanna do a fantasy league with my twitter folk, who's in?"
Happy Birthday!! Hope your having a great day!! :))
Don't trust too much, don't love too much, don't hope too much because that too much can hurt so much.
Hey, Moe, when were you thinking of calling me, 8 as always?
Wow, gotta change dat
Bikram Yoga New Orleans on Julia is a beautiful space. Give this new studio a try if you're looking for Bikram or hot yoga.
Join our Business Coaching for 1 year and get a free mail box in the center of the city!
Merry Christmas!
ALL FOLLOWERS - I AM ABANDONING THIS ACCOUNT. PLEASE INSTEAD FOLLOW ME AT THANKS!!
Speaker phone finesse?
left you a VM
it's me! Let's get hot dogs!
I got a whole lotta beer and all I need is some chicken...... Guess I'll ride to #popeyes den
hope you have fun :-)
Play was pretty good tonite... ready to finsh this paper and then off to bed!
bali, beaches, and bangkok, baby! actually, not quite sure am i having an eat. pray. love moment???
Sucker punch!
": "When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier." ~Roy Disney
That is awesome! I like DTLA <3
be sure to check out our update video on Facebook page this afternoon :)
One more quarter until the #grizzlies win and my Sunday nap!
where is your shirt, mr. davis?
Jet Lag is not fun..I want to be transported like Capt. Kirk.
Please get rid of Jessica "Dirty" Sanchez on American Idol,we need Ike Turner to give her the boot!
If the Heat play the Knicks in the 1st round of the playoffs it wont be a problem. Miami Won the season series 3-0.
sitting in my office in the top floor watching the rain in so california!
Grad (doctorate) party for coworker. No single men. Sorry. :( Yes, we'll both be dying alone at our computers.
Like the Caps should literally just release Wideman into free agency a couple months early. Oh and
They are getting really tacky! RT : So tired of #godaddy commercials
hey sweety, how have you been?
Will Google Wave revolutionize email as we know it? What do you think?
Mother and daughter die in fire in Londonderry, NH. Several others saved. Story at 5:30.
We are #Reading together..he and I.
Am I a man, or am I a muppet?
The Good Life:Wealth and Health
We gonna "Hide the Liquor" tomorrow night at Cathouse
webometrics and social network analysis: common surface characteristics; which are more sophisticated methods? Thelwall
"Okay, that's enough. Now how do I get outta this? -
that although some could make it, too many ppl expressed they had other obligations, I guess not enough tickets sold maybe??
will all of you send me your autographs please?
Also May 27th The Official After party w/ 18+ 21+ to drink! 10pm -> Flyer will be dropping today..
happy mothers day mama bern!!!! i hope you have an amazing day with your loved ones! :)
The library-as-tavern idea has occurred to me, as well. In what specific ways do we want our #libraries to be like town pumps? Hmm.
Awk moment when there is a fight at the restaurant ur at... Lolol
OMG. It is Prom night in Dayton at the local date night destination, Olive Garden. This is the best thing ever.
S/O to for being cool and funny as hell!
no but I wasn't cooking for myself. Plus I'm bored. Ha
