I told them I'd stick around til they could replace me. I still want to be able to go back and drink there. Haha.
- Keep up the great work!!!
Hey, it's Fat Tuesday so I bought doughnut holes -- Greg won't touch them so now I feel sick.
says-- "before you reach for the cookie, grab a parm crisp!"
Everyone is changing. There's no one else that's real.
Go to www.popetreelot.com
you should check the worldwide trends (;
i actually asked soony on twitter few weeks ago abt that. He said his dad is lebanese citizeb so..
what are they doing??
it ain't bad Hayden Lol
I agree, Beaverton's okay- at least it's on MAX and not TOO far. but MC is best, and I still think PDX proper needs baseball!
Super Bowl Sunday @ Tommy Rocker's...
Trying out K-9 mail and AGP on my Droid. PGP encryption on a mobile device: unnecessary? Certainly. Useless? TBD.
HBO has the best Sunday night lineup. Unfortunately though, #AMC still has
what the hell is he talking about
that sounds lovely.
Anybody saw the new show Mobbed on FoxTonight? Real Cool people should be happy when something good happens to another person and rejoice
Thanks, Nancy :D I'm super excited.
Koh drawing connection to Jones case (GPS use by law enforcement): physical trespass not a helpful concept given today's technologies
Great recording session with Erich last night for Vieniste. Back tomorrow for final mixing/tweaking on Alvas project!
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "I love you."
It feels good to be grown but i'm still not liking the fact that im depending on people. I want my own sh.t ALL of it!
You know someone is desperate for followers when there tweets are all of them asking for followers
Building Trust and Establishing Authority Through Content Marketing
He had my heart since day 1 and I ain't going no where
Taking a step back...i need to re group
Check out what 2006 Poker Player of the Year is saying about this movie.
Gotta pick up the new Bright Eyes asap.
Sounds like an interesting company! Feel free to email us at about sponsorship ideas?
The new owner already knew my name lmfao
Too bad my iPhone wasn't around back in them myspace days. That woulda been the shit.
the night has finally come to see in Easton, PA. Timing couldn't be better. Hope you're full of rage
Ok dick gate keeper, if u ask me "can I help u?" I shud b able to answer yes or no, right? But if I say 'no' they have to rephrase
Every sunday RT : today was one of those sundays where i REALLY missed football
Wicked cool! They're tweeting now.
As a coach, Bobby #Petrino has earned a rep as a liar, a cheat and a snake. Are any of us REALLY surprised by his current dilemma?
Congrats on all ur success!! What's ur personal biggest accomplishment to date?
A new morning after pill now works five full days after sex. Soon you can take a pill to kill your kid in his dorm room.
Eat. Run. Hope was a blast. Congrats to 's Ethan & Angela on raising an incredible $50,000 for the Fetal Hope Foundation!
Happy seis de mayo, the day of mourning when we remember the lives of many men who lost their lives due to alcohol poisoning
Nice work on behalf of Obama tonight! Romney= Out of touch. Obama= "knows his stuff" according to "expert" Jimmy Fallon.
finally bouta see this avengers movie! leggo
What is a woo woo?!?
WOLA thanks Angelina Jolie for raising awareness of Colombia's forgoten humanitarian situation #refugees #colombia #human rights
My father-in-law and are having an unofficial race from #Roc to #Bmore. Any bets as to who will win?
#6wordstories I came. I saw. I conquered.
Hooray Michelle! Glad you have your toe in the water!
I wonder who's going home. Ah
You can love me or hate me. I promise it wont make me or break me.
Gotta make up for not being on second some how. Only way is to score from first, stop sign or no stop sign.
Why ar u so #Pissed That I madeout with ur best friend? Please explain that to me
This Day in Music,1969 The Beatles rocked their 13th No.1 album with 'Abbey Road' -
The dread of life is the fave disease of the 20th century.
#YouAreMittRomney If you call bulling & hate crime "Prank" It is not "Prank" to humiliate someone because of his sexual orientation.
Got the late night muchies so I ate some peanut butter straight out of the jar(:
RT : Mike Joy referred to "a dearth" of caution flags. Nice word. No one else in the booth understands it, but it's a nice word.
So jealous of Tyler for getting another free band trip to NYC to play for ESPN. best way to travel in college I have learned.
Life out your imagination, not your history.
Way too many awesome things happening to keep up with. And I'll take it.
No can say.He was 2 when I got him.He was raised by an old lady with a bad attitude.He used to cuss like a Sailor!
Thank you for a great Blog Break. Everyone enjoyed new information about blogging and the interaction.
Sorry you will miss it Christina :-(
Nothing is lost for asking. 聞くは一時の恥、聞かぬは末代の恥。
Cant wait to get these New Age tees...
Hang in there.
Having a great time in Grand Rapidsl
You should totally meet
The challenge of this age is to resist and conquer in each of our own beings the racist brainwashing that is still active in our...
Exciting!! The paperback version of this year's #1Book "Grace of Silence" by is due to be printed at the publisher Sept. 6.
Jay Leno, is that you?!?
Lol. Sorry buddy. Not on twitter all a lot in the afternoon
Agreed. I think Christian conferences have become an idol for many who could pour that energy into ministry.
may I suggest a few awesome programs to you? Are you referring to spyware or just junk files taking up too much space?
me too! I was up at five =[
760 Units, V-necks, ladies/fellas, hoodies & hats!!!
Congrats to on his recent signing to Check out his latest single "Say it's so" feat. on iTunes
What the...youre finding a girlfriend in twitter?
RT : University of Florida eliminates Computer Science. Money saved used for football and Creation Studies...
Have a safe, prosperous and peaceful new year!
I am sorry. I didn't your reply earlier.
Talked to a #soldier today who is mad about the hazard pay and #GIBill prorating. The story at 6pm.
Let my hour of twitter begin
Listening to Eric Foner at #NCHE and I'm pretty sure I'd like to go get a drink with him.
I'm thinking I might have time for yoga tonight.
late sunday afternoon. Staying at Herods. Might make breakfast on halloween, wish me luck!
Looking forward to tomorrow night! I'll be playing with Funk Ark at Rock&Roll Hotel! Also - Cheick Hamala and Bio Ritmo!!
Absolutely. I can't stand moochers. However, I say this and stay home with the kids. :)
I'm disgusted at #Portland cop #Frashour being hired. Racist piece of shit. C'mon Portland, let's make them feel our rage.
We're glad you loved it, Ed! We hope to see you again soon!
why does this seem really complicated for me to use?! lbvs <3
Headed to the grand finals on Saturday. Only two more rows as a Badger.
Putting data privacy in perspective; how would the US react if Chinese judges made such insistent data requests? Nigel Murray #LTNY ^BM
We learned about Itemized deductions tonight. Can't believe you can't deduct contributions to communist organizations.
I love it. We do need to discuss the van situation. My car is at 252K so it's definitely out.
Long way to go I hear. Will be interesting if 2016 needs are accounted for in 2014 opening. Good to hear from you, Jon!
So we lost today, and I cried, cuz it was all my fault
Really??? I love your voicerface when you speed it up.....
A lucky bounce beats the defending champs wow
nice bike! I've never tried a folding one. Maybe i'll go to and give one a try. as i have a #compactcar &
The #Force is strong with you. You'll find the will to get the last ticket.
yay! well tell us when you are in our cities!
more Google stats: 30% of searches coming from iGoogle pages, implying logged in users
Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for the NYPL.
Just saw a transcendent #TinyDeskConcert w/ It's like there's no sound he can't coax out of that incredible violin.
M the scent on the la'I skirts of Palau Keali'I o na lani is so nice
don't be disloyal o_O, got my season tix renewal today. Can't wait till next year.
drop it to the floo i love the way your booty go
yea I def would rock something for u fam, dm ur number
we will grab table, 833 N Jefferson, at Wells & Jeff, East Town.
I'll buy you a beer sometime and we can hash it out
Did someone say our name?
It's good, I got lucky tweet from is always sweet to everyone. What about you? :)
thts a nice lineup👊
i didnt say you had to be gay....
So glad to hear that rocked Cannes last night! Congratulations !
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!:*
so full!
Scarface is my favorite movie <333
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4CHAN CELEBRATE WITH TROLL FACE EVERWARE
There are street closings for the weekend for Liberty Mutual around Berkeley/Stuart St.
have u voted yet?
Rolling to the studio for VO records. This is going to be a great day.
Bollier and Eggers Named Scholar-Athletes
how i miss your voice my old friend :$ what a funny call, we just were remembering our primary moments. they were the best <3 ANAISA
yep, I'm here, was hoping to talk to you today, don't think i can make tomorrow unfortunately. Got lunch plans?
Need someone to braid my hair asap you live in this madusonville area hmu!!!!
Seen tonight:"Nevando Voy" from Spain about 4 factory workers; and "Amor en Fin" in the days leading up to the 2006 MX prez election.
Something is making crazy noises outside my window... I'm so scared
I'm a few hours in but I predict that your day will move fast and be spectacular.
and my heart cries. He was the most unique voice on television. We all loved him. He will be missed
While They were saying among themselves It cannot be done, it was done! -Helen Keller
I got what you need right here...
just tweeting and about to head to bed.
It is one of those days...
K i followed back ; )
on panel at #SMCSea " the consumer has a megaphone today" shades of
RT“ I lowkey miss my ex”
Looking forward to the Ron Paul Debate tonight!
Haha! That is hilarious!
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Keep Calm & Carry On Despite Google SSL Search Term Encryption
is the only change that location is on by default?
Wisdom teeth out today. Boo.
Go follow my best friend ! <3 thank youu
I think its time for a west view rager?
if you lookin for good professional picture done, holla at
3 Days Left to Enter the #FreeArtGiveaway!
Thanks! We'll definitely check it out.
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & provolone on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, bacon & ranch dressing...served w/ cup of soup...$6.95
haha oh yeah I've been keeping my pregnancy a secret ;) shhhhh
I never saw that movie. I think I tried to watch it once.
Yo! What's up?
aww poor thing
Oreo cheesecake from the cheesecake factory
awesome!! So where do you live now:)
you're beautiful ♥
still eating but so far, my fav in Indy--just met mama herself--she's really nice and told me what to order.
You cannot talk defeat and expect to have victory. Keep smiling.
I would :) i am already buying the basket
You would never guess that one building is a stripper by night. It looked so innocent!
You're welcome. Hope you're having a great one!
If you like a packed bar with European women. Come to Moct now!!
Happy Birthday! :) have a good one
get the funk on... Oh and yes -- I did not forget... she so dumb.
Clue #1: my siblings are in green bay and Milwaukee and sometimes I give them a ring.
Berlusconi must have been a part of TwoFreeGirls in a previous life! Carpe dieum!
Sounds like should be it!
Reading Michael Pollan's Omnivore's Dilemma. Like many before me I will say "It changed the way I eat."
... Han Solo & Mal Reynolds say essentially the same line about their ships. Not for sale. Not now. Not ever.
Wahoo! Yay, I'm glad. Now for recovery time.
“the greatest among you will be your servant”
Alicia Keys Takes Son Egypt to the Park (PHOTOS) Now here is one adorable celebrity kid we don ’t see nearly enough of! Singer Alicia K
"He reversed the parody.." So funny...": "He 'Normal Al'-ed us!" tore it UP on tonight's 30 ROCK!"
Fast company article Facebook. Let's you tag companies in photos
And... my day is complete. The rest is gravy.
Is that the one where he stumbles a bit, off Pettitte? Did you see Harper take one off Hamels?
Awesome news! Look forward to seeing you.
Haha i think so! wait no i just watched the first one!
#ThingsKidsSay "Why Did You Spank Me?" All The While Knowing Exactly Why... Lol
let me know if you head to Macy's. Would like to hear the pipes too.
Thanks for the love
Thank you for hosting Navigating Food Allergies series with Thanks
Get a life boo cuz I got mines get ur on n stop lookn n2 mines
too tired to o cleaning.
thankya much. You are awsome! Hope to seeya soon.
We thank you very much for the mention
oh yeah, I take the "smile and nod" approach...it's worked so far :)
!!! RT NCAA lets Syracuse do drugs, endanger kids and then cheats 4 them.
#bitcheswhowontdateme all 10's and above
What a great festival! Our director had the best time up there. Glad you got it & are abusing it mercilessly. ;)
"I gotta stop bein so awesome!" :D
Omw to make this money something some y'all scared to do bhahaha$$$$ is the object bit my kids is the motive...
y'all did work tonight man!!good luck in game 7
That explains why we're having such a hard time filling our senior web dev position! ; )
We are working with a key client seeking a Java / J2EE Software Developer. Please let me know if you or someone you know would be interest…
In the studio downloading plugin presets for the console computer....yay fun....O_o
The produce speculator has no office, he has no staff, he has no investment. He has his office in his hat and hangs around the market [1943]
It's a David Archuletta kind of day. ❤
Feel for folks on the east coast. #Grizzlies #Clippers is going to end after 2:00am
RT : Thank you, sir. It's also #NAIAS for thos of us staying in Detroit this week.
obviously someone isn't aware slavery ended years ago.. well trained at such a young age lol
is it possible to back up an air to USB drive in lion recovery mode?
On my way! Too atl flight has been delayed for a hour....
Loving it!! Amazing stuff :)
Would someone tell me about the bad blog about me plz on Messages on here and at
Our Scottsdale location currently has Very Berry Sorbet and Strawberry Lemonade Sorbet!
Honored to be in Mattwel Hall's latest stadium update in the U-T, in company with Mel Brooks.
never leaving california
Yeah, just got done listing to it. greatness. the cover alone is worth it, then total jams on it as well.
Happy Mothers Day!!! I hope you're doing well!! :) <3
The MN Senate is august. The MN House is all lust. (g)
You, Andrew, your other son--everybody else--a beautiful family. Thx for posting. We're handicapped too in my fam. So what?
no I'm referring to girls
just realized your off the air already!
The Imaginary Band August 12th at Village Rock in E. Rochester! Classic Rock from Deep Purple, Grand Funk & more! Tribute to Fleetwood Mac!
Tired of bullshit. Very excited to move on with my life startinng tomorrow. I dont need anyones help time for me to grow up and get thisdone
I swear there's 17 people in the field when I hit right now
She doesnt care what my sister does. So she is like a little slave to her,but yet if I just ask to go driving I can't.Lol okay mom. Fuck you
I set my alarm for the Ustream
Got out of bed relatively early. Made healthy salad for lunch. Got my butt on treadmill for 24 minutes. Mind is clear. Intense week ahead!
Careful, its Hurricane Ditka out there.
Fresh fade, new clothes, gym, & making money.
Tyler, on why his grandparents live in Orlando in the winter and not Michigan, "don't they have coats?"
Live music at Varsity Bar tonight! The Austin Steamers at 6:30 and Jace N Lee at 9. $3.50 Bloody Marys, Micheladas & Binger Ales! No cover!
Be a walking billboard 1000s of views everyday - Custom Screen Printing - www.inkscreens.com - 1-800-724-0577
(AWESOME!!! Have a great weekend...
Thanks for the heads up about your hacker. Those emails gave me a jolt.
Lovely meeting/seeing you all! :
its really good. Nice story too. Sttaight forward without any stupid fillers & add-ons. Ull find out wat its about wen u read it :P
"The thing about fucking in a Prius is that you don't have to feel guilty afterwards."
FREE COFFEE AT THE EATERY! Show us a BLACK FRIDAY receipt before noon and get a free coffee!!!
But when I begin grad school, I hope to enfold it in cross-study sociology/anthropology. Will school honor it is ques.
If you can't cut it down to 8-min of material, try just talking faster. ;)
your fader is mexican ?
DIKEMBE! FARUKAMADESH! BOYCE! All of these names are synonymous and will be synonymous with upsets!
ur very welcome =]
This time next week i'll be on the beach in rio....caipirinnahs(sp) anyone?
#nw Yankees vs. Blue Jays 😁
#artpolitics sentimentality is politicized because of its depoliticizing effects.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.-Winston Churchill
I would like to thank my co-workers for their patience since I quit smoking. - Love, Penny
Is 'thinking' really just one drawn out argument in my head?
Yes, agility is a very important feature of cloud computing
he posted it
"Let's all fight to keep the Internet weird and free." Al Franken on net neutrality.
Today is the first day I have ever planned to spend my Saturday in the library studying.... All this effort better pay off.
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
love it!! It feels like winter though
lol oh shit. Well, boo on both ur choices.
One of my grandmothers had 3 kids while eluding Nazis & the other had 3 kids, her dad & her father-in-law living under her roof. Much love!
I did read-Chris Hedges-The Implosion Of Capitalism-words ring true>>I believe The End may not be near>BUT, tough times ahead!!
We may need your help building a roof that won't blow off every time we place a place ;-)
Aww thank you. Now that I'm unemployed I have been more busy than when I was working..lol
vacation at last
definitely. will see you tomorrow.
#ThingsHoodratsLove: Patting Their Scalp As Hard As They Can With One Finger!
BTW the sad nipple is the best Twitter handle created since Twitter's launch. They should give you shares when they go IPO
HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS BRA TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW
No insults whatsoever. Just trying to promote the history of the beard! Take care!
Thanks for the updates on Aunt Karen. Let me know if there's anything I can do. Much love.
Check out Professional Homeschool Activities Organizer in Southern Ontario www.BrockingtonActivities.com Flw ”
. just got to the studio and something really epic is about to happen. I highly recommend you tune in to now.
rock out, Tom! Love it!!
Where's the Chipotle flavored ice cream at??
The BIG night is here! will be hosting #miami's best party tonight at for guestlist contact 7862829112
POLLEN: Tree & grass levels still moderate to high. Mold low. Allergy suffering continues.
#DontTalkToMeIf u write subliminal messages on a socail network
ok whats your Facebook?
I want kids , but I don't need them I have NO patience ! 🕛❌
hey i just watched some of your NC state highlights. You can play!! Cant wait to see you in packers uniform.
R.I.P. Dick Clark
#FF who loves to support her fellow authors.
It's you, you, you, kid!
stick with me boys, I got a million of them...
~I missed the today! Back to back to back meetings wouldn't allow me to stand in line today, but next time I'm on it! :(
Whoa whoa whoa. What's cookie butter??
I bet you made her(?) day!
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
He said FUCK YOU TOO! STOCKTON!
Said i was going to bed early. I lied.
Most. Frustrating. Game. Ever.
We need Healthy Hearts for a Healthier Wisconsin
Getting set to record episode 59 of the #podcast. All three hosts are in the saddle. Tweet me with topics NOW!!!
do you have alot of friends and boyfriend in your school?
no just despise it
#NBAPlayOffs next saturday!!!!!
you mad?! Loll
you know what's funny I was laughing at my nephew w/ that laugh before I read the tweet. 😄 LOL
Almost time for bed gonna grab something to eat first (:
you moved in man?
yes I realize that, but hoping for the best & trying to be positive
Lmbo. Now CJ you couldve gave a real smile
I was thinking Cardenas there. Sveum probably holding Mather as Soriano's replacement after one more AB.
Your the best mahomie #weloveaustinmahone ;D
Fell in pool, saved drink.
hey -- USA TODAY reporter would love to talk with somebody at reddit about lucidending phenomenon.
Ellie Goulding's music is perfection.
I should've known better than to click that link.
NICE! - side to side leg swings!! training hard to OT's?
Good morning twittervverse! Conscoiusness only barely achieved here.. and in fact these words are a bit blurry as I type themm. >.>
We won the People's Pick so yes I guess you could say that!
Perhaps one of the most important but widely unheralded members [
There were some people saying that Sporting KC is a one trick pony after last night. Agree or disagree?
Compose new Tweet...
Mumm lunch sounds familiar. ;)
are you guys going to his performance? ;) When you find him tell him you are chicago robotz and that we got u started!
Just very curious. DO you like it when girls stalk you O_o
welcome to Twitter, Tim. Great game last week. Keep up the good work.
Tonite: Jazz and Beyond w/ Paul Gaspar, Andy Calabrese & Ben Thomas. Great Food and Music 8:00 on the recording stage.
Is it inhumane of parents to keep their kids on a leash? always trips me out when I see that!
sup how you have u been
Sleepy voices <3
Holy ridiculous ending! What an absolute disgrace to filmmaking.
They got me on the outside looking in but I can't see at all with the weight of the world on my shoulders<3 ADTR
One last birthday wish to ! <3 wish her happy birthday if you haven't already! :)
My favorite is the spare tire. And the gold, of course.
The bar is so friggin packed.
i fully expect him to blast Henderson out early though.
Not talking to u for so many hrs feels like a breakup! Gm☀! #DondeCarajoTuestas 😠😡
great meeting you guys last week, I may be around tonight so say hello if you see me!
We fish through ice.
It's SD Women's Week & today the Museum of Making Music's Women in Jazz concert features 6 female jazz Allison Adams Tucker.
they want to add there 2 sense with it lol
(c) like nothing, no one will ever understand how much it hurts, you feel hopeless, like nothing can save you - rihanna
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
Glad to know! It's quite a sacrifice, I'm sure. :)
yes we do, but there's currently a waitlist - email your application to .au
Drake concert in 9 hours. ❤ iv been waiting for this day! (:
touche. welcome to the Internet.
20 more days until i have been #drugfree for 2 years! #accomplished :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SISTER IN LAW HEHEHE <3
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI. APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!! YEAH!!!!!!!
"you pap finn's boy......blueberry"
true! hahaha u should check out his singing! its so sexy!
and i are at the hunger games
:) stellie totally crashed that photo!
TY for the support! RT Welcome to Twitter! Their first microgranting dinner will be held Sat 1/28 in
umm i like to have you(;
Teen wolf :)
One of my classmates from Ogle wants to model ! That's awesome! S/o to Whitney!
have I told you have FABULOUS it feels to be at SINGERS FORUM in a marvelous studio space?
#AndrewLuck is in the house! Or in the city at least. Welcome to Indy...we definitely lucked out!!
omg hotdogs for dinner
I guess I need to learn about something here. Is there a relatively simple way to correct this within Plesk? Support 1691653...
Hey:) can you please give a shoutout to . I love you Irah
Finally home!!!!!
Round 7: Four states - Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, Texas
Someone on the CH CH ListServ asked "where the chipmunks have gone?" I replied "They are on tour for the summer!" Lets see how that goes.
Janice just want to let you know how very much appreciated your friendship is to me, have a great weekend
meh, just watch Frasier re-runs on Netflix, it
It's on the NCAA because Ryan is functioning within his rights. Universities don't block non-athletes from transferring.
Gonna watch the movie Without A Paddle in class! 😁 Woo!
So I have purchased space bags for #ala11 paranoid about bed bugs yes; taking chances NO! At least Ill have more space for Galleys!
The guys yelling before every draft pick need to be thrown into a river
Air Delight Hershey's Kisses = meh. They're no Aero Bar. (cc: )
Is this the very first episode of Psych? I don't remember!
CALIXTRO is Michael Calixtro a freelance graphic designer for print and web. www.michaelcalixtro.com
I finally found the word to describe how i feel. Aka uncomfortable.
Walla Rajon Rondo is bossy. Triple double.
“: I'd rather sacrafice my courage in an attempt to prove its worth than be denied the chance to prove its existence at all."
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished. -- Goethe
follow back for the bromance that u have for Austin♥
Glad you liked them as much as I did! And thanks for the RT.
For all the people who thought was going to be reckless and a jerk on #AGT are seeing a different side of him tonight.
At the hospital with my mom and grandma listening to them talk to absolute strangers. !! Lol dominicAns we all seem to know each other !!!!
Watching the rays play the yankees and eating a del friscos bacon cheese burger. Sorry in and out....
Miami Dolphins, Cameron Wake agree to four-year extension
for nkotbsb in london. Their having a webcast tomorrow
Totally! will take care of her
The 30-year was better than 4.72 percent during the same week last year.
Madison's winky faces & hearts >>>>
Awe thankyou girl, right back at cha :) RT : You both are stunning ladies!! xox”
Thank to the cops for slowing traffic on 94 ... Really appreciate you making the drive home from work more dangerous!
and there are two secrets to success: 1) do not tell everything you know and 2)
Hi Anshul, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
RT if you heard at least one of our songs today!<3
Yo Super Domino signing and posing for your fans anywhere before or after your show tomorrow?
Not sure how it played out but there was another thread that said that was a fake AMA just to promote the OP's SEO business.
get me on the boat gurl :) RT “: i owe you a shot next time we go out! <3”
Thanks for the support! I can't wait to make this art this weekend! Pics to follow on my blog :)
Try KC instead. I'm a fan of molasses and brown sugar over mustard and vinegar.
Hi, Jordan! Follow me ?
Apple Education Announcement: Textbook Publishing Partners - McGraw, Pearson and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
sometimes I get lonely okay haha you have a bestfriend and my bestfriends live an hour away so I can't see them all the time! :(
can't wait! RT : yay looking forward to dinner with two of my favorite people tonight
It's just an elaborate tax dodge.
Back at Atsides today 11-2:30 stop by yesterday was a great day for our Ocala Debut. Kone is King
no prob boo :)
Happy mothers day too all the wonderful mothers out there, especially mine!!! Love I mom
perfectly straight teeth bore me..is that weird?
Hey will you please follow me please!!
Wow, okay as soon as i walk outside it starts to downpour. Okay, Jesus I c how it is.
A-Z contuines on Gashouse Radio. H through J today. Tune in come by the chatroom.
- what no black Friday specials :-)
Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don`t use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
All jokes aside my sister has a mental disorder.
My homework load tonight<<<<<
B to the ents
that's quite alright ;)
Love your new stuff!
I don't deserve either of you.
done done done done done with spring quarter
Have a Huge Wedgie.. HELP ME! E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
Now that's funny
it really is honestly & he just wouldnt stop
Last minute plans have me very excited for this weekend!
yea hows everything going over there?
Sign asap please!!!!
Because their parents are 30& 40 somethings who still havn't grown up.
Happy Thanksgiving. May all your turkeys be juicy and your family sedated.
Today's Goal: Get unfortunate songs stuck in people's heads. Next up: Baby from Justin Bieber.
I'm setting out to do something good in the world and to become a better person. So should you
Amazing Tweet ;) RT : Of all the overused words, I think amazing takes the cake. Everything is amazing these days.
happy easter! i am thankful forr...o wait that's thanksgiving! ;)
FINE! Go enjoy your men in drag with all the single ladies.
RT : The pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with. #quote Marty Feldman
You are welcome! Thank you in return. Dungeons are great places to work...
hahahaha good question! :-)
Thanks for the #R.T.Tash. I hereby appoint you associate director of marketing. :0)
Todays $5 lunch special is a club sandwich. Come celebrate the weekend!
Ah! Way to rub it in!
Why am I at Starbucks alone.
Just call me Richard, cuz I'm a dick.
Facebook's "happening now" feature will increase the relevancy of the platform. It's a much-needed tool for them.
#Bikur Cholim Dinner- Such an awesome organization!
I have research findings about social gamers that can help devs make more engaging games. Is there an email I can reach you at? Thx
Damn you #AngryBirds !! But...can't...put...you...down!
Nice parametric 4-pole LowPass resonant filter now working within the synth Matrix of the VST instrument. I hear a wet tire.
+1! RT : So excited for #HBPchat tomorrow at 1 about high blood pressure during National Women's Health Week! #NWHW RT pls!
Thought to self, bus edition: I'm on a bus. No, I'm in a bus. I'm both, but I'm more IN a bus than ON a bus.
Grouping together today to slam an internet bully. He has finally gone silent. ZERO TOLERANCE FOR BULLIES AND PREJUDICE!!!
Oh God!!! My nerves!!! Come on
RT : At the #rockies game :)
Airport travelers please stop complaining about #TSA and deal with it like everyone else, you don't have much of a choice.
#LSCON compliance isn't a knowledge problem, it's a behavior problem.
oh damn... Maybe we should blow it up more. Hahaha
Had a wonderful time seeing old friends & making new ones at
40 hours and it's just now Thursday? That's pretty good, I suppose.
Feature Film (Virginity) rehearsals and shooting are going well, and I have a commercial audition and a commercial callback for tmw :)
Nice. I'm in, like 3,658th place.
Talent show rehearsal soon :p
WOAH.. So close to top ten omgg
I need someone to keep me company at a coffee shop. Any takers? First shot's on me!
I love that feeling you get mid final when you're like: "holy crap It's summer now"
I love destination truth I think it would be amazing to have the chance to get to do what you do
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste
We need big games from...
Every great achievement was once considered impossible.
I did! RT : happy st pats! Answer the phone! Lol..LMFAO I gotta go! :)
I hate when someone ruins the end of a movie by saying what happened. -__-
WOW!! Definitely your lucky day, I would love a follow, but would be happy with a response now and then
STOP got that song in my head once! Not. Again. T^T
watching a 'How To' video on youtube for cutting pineapples.Pathetic? maybe just a bit..In my defense, their spikes are quite intimidating.
It's true! Today we had a filmmaker/producer contact us at about donating her time & talent in making our promo video!
I'm pretty sure you all know by now that the steelers will have a new 3rd jersey this year
Happy Inspiration Thursday!
Peru and u :)
About to play soccer, this should be interesting.
Hey loser! <3
Chants of "Sweep!" take over
#boniver shout out to Eau Claire.
Hey please follow back ?
I think you should tweet more
So sleepy
did they really made a tour about the end of the world
Less then 24 hours till Florida and still not packed....
lol if only you knew me back then bro I used to be crip walkin , getting hyphy, krump, even poppin and gliding al that ishh!
Settling seems wrong. Overlooking flaws with the knowledge that no one is perfect is a better approach. 1/2
lol...I agree! They put me into a state of depression afterwards!
fun fact: section break (next page) is what allows you in page numbering to change from i, ii, i to 1, 2, 3 format b/t intro and actual ch
Shoulda listened when they said u didnt make me shine
When your best friend makes the trip to walmart for the awkward condom buy...hahaha
Paul Heymans 2 minutes were way better than allevery promo lesnar did!
Including the Govenor.
Do not pray for task equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task.
67 days till #Eagles training camp!!!!
Instagram Expected to Get $500 Million Valuation After New Funding Round
The best press releases have a bold, clever headline as you might expect to see on the front page of a paper. Come up with a “grabber.”
See everyone later going out with Frankie and Nicky ....Happy Monday.
Thanks for the #FF Molly ;-)
Back to blogging about men. More soon... www.nobodywritesitbetter.com
it's always the $100+ store regardless of the list. Too cool to resist.
I could get used to going to work 8AM-4PM everyday. Except Monday. That is just torture.
S/O To My New Followers Appreciate The Follow :)
Michael Jackson was a BOSS! He kicked ass first & asked for names later...funny thing is...he didn't believe in violence lol
going to try & turn off my various devices this afternoon & take a little post-primary break, hope everyone has a good afternoon
u never replied back.
whoa there.
Q:Where does your O2 come from? A:My oxygen is imported from the summit of Kilimanjaro and kept in a flask under my gills.
Just saw Giada at the Little Italy Sicilian festival. She is so beautiful!
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness. ~Aristotle
“: ole HONGRY ASS”i know. im just need to go to bed
I hate word search puzzles.
Fun concert filming with Ami Saraiya.
. thanks so much for coming to for Dolly West's Kitchen last night!
My son is riding his balance bike in the house today - winter in Wisconsin is getting old.
I'm going to make a movie about street racing cats called "The Fast and The Curious" and make a stupid amount of money.
Q. Why do men pay more for car insurance? A. Women don't get blow jobs while they're driving
Going to Football practice
Follow me for free!!!!!
I'm glad I woke up today without a voice. Saves me from losing it now.
Happy birthday Alli
Even on his best days, Phil, Our Hero reminds us that we can't be perfect.
So tired of people screwing with me
About to captain D it up!!! Woot woot!!!
#Ill do anythin to keep the Around me happy:))
taylor swift and selena gomez - definitely do not have moves like jagger
&&&&&&&& im about to blaze this swishaaa
I love my science class. We were screaming so loud today cuz we got homework.. lmfao everyone heard us. #OnlyUs. <3
Between the Pirates and Batman and Britney Spears, traffic downtown today was darn near at a standstill. Oops, she did it again...
Filming today at UCF with the cast of
This is why I don't watch basketball I get so pissed !! lmao 👎😠
"Archie is not fucking Mr. Wetherby. Read between the lines bitch!"
Life is a song... Love is the music.
Looking at layout of first round,it's possible Tannehill COULD drop. Only landing spots after #Browns would be
Happy New Year, dear friends! How were your holidays? What did you do?
Life is the sum of all your choices. ~Albert Camus
No current athlete has a higher approval rating than RG3. Everybody loves him.
“: If pain is the prison, then love must be the key to a free & happy life without confinement.”
right! i'm just wondering what his voice is gonna end up like after hormones and shit
i saw you at the cafe i waved and then never saw you again
What?? Greyson from WI eliminated from #topchef... That was dumb.
thinking of you :(
I've never been and am super jealous. You need to connect with my She's my cool big sis.
I've always admired your promptness!
Just hosted a funny show w/ Armen Karaoghlanian on Stay tuned for video tomorrow!
gel electrophoresis equals
lol i don't discriminate
Has everyone on BB Wives moved to NY??
Really struggling this morning no time to workout I want 50 pounds off by Christmas things have to change fast.
Forgot bout POWELL'S BOOKS!!!!!!!!
Happy New Year(:
totally thought I did...oh my iPod thumbs. :)
Where the Wild Things Are: According to #CVPD: running around CV between 8:30 & 1:30 on school days! Ridiculous #curfews!
Drugs are bad. RT al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy hug for u
Fuck! I have nothing 2 do y am I still in indy!
So exhausted after all the prep work for #thatcamptx, but all is ready! :)
great show last night at the Mutiny, specail love to for turning in a fantastic performance
LMAO thanks :) so funny
Thanks! Im not singing though. But I'll need the luck lol RT : good luck buddy!
Can't help but join the Mania! Go Broncos!
I'm so upset right now
Bears get Brandon Marshall for two 3rd rounders. Seems like a good deal for CHI, no?
My obsession with office supplies must stop. If you happen to see me in an Office Depot, please ask me to leave
Night o:)
I'm curious about your program. I teach JS, Java, Obj.-C, HTML at Madison College in Madison, WI. I also have geek daughters.
I love to listen to the rain and watch the drops pound on the illuminated pool.
Twas a pleasure sharing a ThreeTweet. A shame you couldn't type fast enough to rep Gaf again.
Talk about what's real....that real shit
but you will throw them right back..and with better aim!
Im awesome! xD
I gave up on studying... I can't do this.
Getting paid to go to another pacer game tonight would be cool lol
what's with this drama tonight? :(
I think routes 2 & 3 from the map app on the iPhone were made for serial killers.
Need Money?
"Gingrich raised $13M, Colbert $824K " America does give two shits about either - THE PEOPLE want Stand up to you master
The youngest child (greta?) in Sound of Music looks like a little mini version of
“: Goodmorning stoners 👋💚”. Right back at you (~);}
Way 2 Serious will b on the streetz today
Kristin Kollath, director of business services at Greenfield School District, has begun her tough task to explain the budget to the audience
will feature a different female scientist every day.
DRUNK ON MONDAY NIGHT? Okay!!
really?-_- damn i got 2 much goin on in my life right now smh
Hey when can we put videos in app listings? Chop chop!
2012 is a very intense year
Fresh cut and a new rental...
wuz good for the weekend my nigga?
...happen if Obama and Carter ever duked it out.
That is the greatest thing i have ever heard!
That shit nasty.
Sounds like a good read.
Good Cause Today Is Ganna B A Great Day . No Cry Babies Allowed .
I need to get back in the sun. Hash tag: if you can't tone it, tan it.
Lotus Flower
it's all good
Love him to death<3 He's everything I've wanted :)
My sis-in-law is doing great work 4 , focused on childrens' physical and mental health. Worth a follow.
what what?? My bestie just agreed to run a half marathon with me!!
Cardio & abs #getit then some posing & tilapia for good measure
heh...yeah...Led should have been booed off too...was their "we're too strung out to care" tour
can't get over , who has a compass as a tie clip along with his classy vest. I aspire to dress as cool as mistah alex.
ever finish a workout and hours later you feel like you want to do more
Shit That Last Tweet Was Supposed To Say
I need to start writing logging code WHILE I write code, not weeks later. So tedious.
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen I watch my dogs sleep.
that's good we don't have to go outside 2nd period
Haha Thanks :) Ur never to late to tell me Happy Birthday
Lmfao... Okayy. Study, study for your permit! Haha my dads funny... That's all he be talkin about.
I learned today it's actually spoken as A-sauce. Thanks :)
For him, adopting online tools that would integrate with Salesforce
looking out the back deck 3" inches of snow on the deck rail. Pike County schools on a 2 hour delay...our first of the year
I should probably get ready.. last astronomy lab of the semester. dawwwwwww. gonna miss my buddies.
The truly free and enlightened individual doesn�t require or seek approval in order to be be themselves
Is there any way to change my username on touch arcade forums without starting a new account and losing all of my history?
Every person is self-made, but only the successful are willing to admit it.
Ole' ! Craving great Mexican food? Go to Huapanago's Mexican Cuisine in San Diego- 20% off with Diversity Platinum Card! Restrictions apply
I need a good ass massage
i love #coldplay they is the bomb.
can you please follow me I know what acting school you went to because I go there
Congratulations for your win last night!
We all see things differently.
When people think they're attractive, but they're really not <<
Listen to the damn old man. He knows his shit.
yes and i must add a beating .. maybe her parents aint hit her hard enough . let my daughter act like that pshhh
just so we can make sweet love.
Posting this makes you an open minded scientist. We must always challenge our beliefs to get to the truth.
The secret to financial success is to spend what you have after you have #saved, rather than save what is left after you have
dm me... i cant dm u
nice try Bucky-- let's hope the Packers have better luck tomorrow!
thank YOU!
u have over 80 millions haters in Turkey ,all media talks so bad about you.
how's that??
The invention of lying is trending. I don't know who invented it but I know a real pro.
Fat girl... LoL... Luv u... Btw: i had hot dog and pizza from costco for lunch. Baby happy, I'm bloated.
I fucking hate you guys let's see what happens next time u wanna borrow something or if you'll get your shit back!
wish you the best fitz. Ur a beast
Just bought 's 5 Big macs and 5 fries for $13!
Me too, She is Brilliant.
Finding things out about the music schedule for next year and for my friends that are coming here next year :D
Thank you! Very glad you enjoyed it.
you know what I'm talking about right
Time is f#%king with me right now.
Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Z-man was Negligent, aggressor w/o probable cause if no drugs found?
If I remember correctly, lower court held no evidence actual confusion; no prospect of dilution. I remember wondering why...
when are you ever going to follow me ? (;
twilight is gay straight up gay
Step 1 start taking the bus. Step 2 bring knitting along for the ride
Ready for this week to be over and its only Tuesday!
Why not allow govt grants to appropriate small businesses, when they create the vast majority of new jobs? It's an outdated restriction..
yo engineer cold as hell whoever it is can mix their ass of!!!
Watching and the
Tears Tears tears Please Please my love follow me love you
Do Power Balance bands REALLY work? Like what is the point of them..?
we already did! well not envy on the coast... but the others! where were you? hahah
Action expresses priorities. -Mahatma Ghandi
I actually miss tweeting blink182 things...sigh.
overdone, no longer a novelty
thanks. Do u need my last name?
what!!! That's crazy and Ik it's not true Angelica already told me haha good thing you guys are still alive!!
Stuffed from Turkey Day!
GOD I love Star Trek TNG.
Goodbye Grossman hello K.Cousins
When everyone treats you better because you're sick>
Braun news is a real punch in the gut.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool the hell is that when's lunch how long until 6th hour omg shut up no one cares seriously? Class work during FCAT? FOOD
If Eskimos had 400 words for "snow," do Germans have 400 words for "poop"?
Want to makes some extra cash $$$ ? sign up with #NYFG ...
I'm actually seeing him in San Diego on May 6th. I'll be back in Cali for the whole summer!
Been there, done that. 😔RT you could have went hung over.
Out for the weekend dont know where me and my girl will end up? Whats going on sat wht hot club? ??????
There ya go! :p
Good morning fans! What's your motivation today?
Will either or play "Mother, Mother" tomorrow?
RT : What's better than winning awards? Clients winning awards. 2 clients winning this week!
“: If you can't treat me like a princess, then I don't want to be your fucking princess.”
#20ThingsAboutMe: I get annoyed super easy
Examples of inchoate offenses include conspiracies and attempts. "Inc"hoate="inc"omplete
Pop quiz! Monitor progress and course effectiveness with short, interactive quizzes throughout the course.
your playing?!
We have added more funny t-shirts.....checkout Page 5 Tees! Http://www.spotlighttees.com Stand out of the crowd and step into the Spotlight!
well what?
At least is not an SOS!
yes! The best!
U good fam?
got one, love it!
U2 but you have to tag me in that pic lol
finally home again. done with travel for 2011. looking forward to great 2012.
Trapeze Philly: Polka Dots & Pearls. If all you can find is a Polka Dot outfit Im sure someone will be willing to give u a pearl necklace ;)
Too Hot to be outside
OH! ALEX SMITH! Pay me my money... In CASH!
#Teamfollowback follow and
btw, i fucking love your icon & background. perfect <3
In my neighborhood there are garbage cans by each bldg, so I don't get those who carry their #dog's crap bag like it's a souvenir.
Exactly, and with a good map or diagram of how the call numbers follow shelves, you can find things.
Too little contribution or too much contribution are both harmful to a balanced life.
I got u bay
Mobile first makes sense for sites and apps that are viewed, well mobile first.
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Cleaning house is exercise.
Follow Us at the original Account !!!6
Damm dare is a storm coming
I hate that I missed #MemphisInMay this year w/ my crew! Landing a good J-O-B is a good reason to miss tho. Hope ur doin well!
no :( I just want to cry! I can't even see the show a last time :'(
look at you. Nice. Let me see.
Gary Lee in to pitch for the Wild Things now. Down 6-3 in the top of the 4th
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 9 5:45 in 4th #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
yes..omfg..but now 1D knows I exist...
heck yeah
DC should read Michele Alexander "the new Jim crow".
eating cough drops like it's nobody's business today. yikes.
have fun! Wish I could go see Muse right about now =[
Thanks for tweeting about #BookPeopleUnite. Much appreciated!
Even if im not famous. I WILL be a millionaire. dont dick eat when the money coming in
Great day at the Georgia #fhexpo --- learned a lot!
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
Yup—I think they have hold a similar *cultural* place for vegetarians an carnivores.
i admit i give dat guy a hard time...
Inspiration is for amateurs. Professionals show up and do the work.
first time here this place kicks ass!
RT RT Most of northern Mali has fallen to rebels. Gao and Kidal captured; Timbuktu surrounded
Buffalo Chicken Dip and The Social Network :) man, I love summer 😄
ah do u feel awkward cuz I do
is getting a ton of reps from creditable people. They seem correct.
Broncos 1st round draft is making me sick
ROBIN help UNITY make wishes come true! come see us and share in OUR passion! Bless you and have a smile day! john
Our rates are guaranteed! No hidden charges! Call us for ALL your Courier Service needs! 877-527-5737
still think they miss the potential for partnerships with patients. (it's tweeting here... of course.)
It's Gameday!!!! Go Pack Go!!
Ok, think I fixed it. Thanks for the heads up.
just walking in now
Can you even get drunk anymore? Its like drinking a vitamin to you.
I want got suggested George Lopez, still not sure where that one came from!
Jealous! RT Drinks on us! RT Drinks on tonight w/ Justin in charge & beats by
Update, pray my grandfather HAS a peaceful passing. I messed up my tenses there, the end is drawing close.
#onsocial Hurray! No acronym rule.
Follow for a #shoutout from meh!! (tweet me "DOGIE!" when ur done) 😊
Outrage!!! Restaurants aren't allowed to serve alcohol until 6:00 a.m. What kind of backwater city is this?
thanks a million to you and your team for the video. It really came out amazing! Cannot thank you enough :)
Of course. I'm on time, but the metro has chosen not to be.
I will retweet the people who are saying something to me, not speaking through me. Speak for yourself.
I miss American Horror Story so much.
unrelated to your (sigh), will I see you at Marissa's party?!
Big bucks, no whammys!
I know you ran out of characters, so how about a NY Giants endorsement on your next tweet?
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 66
AEJKEKGNAKJGA OMG! THAT'S SO EXCITING!
I'm the emcee for tomorrow morning's plenary, so I can announce it then--for the record.
Guess what? Today is another shorts day.
It's really a nice morning to be on the bricks. It's part of the reason why I love this job! #KGWSunrise!
oh fun and bored
Heyy it would be great if you can create an android app of The 7 Line.
thank you so much :)
the chick was released bcuz Kim didnt press charges. Dude should've been picked up ASAP! Now they can't find him... Smdh
TV commercial primetime from USPS saying keep the paper don't go paperless/digital....little late don't ya think, sounds like Kodak
no u already have tht and what school I go to? MCARTHUR
why yes, you just don't make the slime in the first place.
Ha, dashboard showing 's twitter feed for monitoring and archiving. You're a star!
hey whats wrong jack? get back and hope everything is fine!
It gets harder once you're used to 140 characters
The other guess is which VP would best help Romney lose
I have never seen a recruitment ad on Daily Kos...I am outside the demographic for those ads.
Loving Myrtle Beach !!!!!!! Got a tan !
Watching Total Recall a never gets old!.
enjoyed the GOp debate tonight. More fun than one should ever have.
I hope she breaks your heart like you broke mine.
Making spaghetti with meat sauce at this morning. Happy we have fresh bell peppers donated by farmers to add to the sauce.
This Sunday @ 4:00 PM tenor Emiliano Preciado, performs at Pan Pacific amphitheater, part of our Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event.
I care twice as less, but have twice the fun
i know!
cannot wait to see perform on IDOL!!
Number 233, too fucking good. Another chip, another record!
ALL THE DAMN TIME
where is your ?
Amen! Choose Happy! Life is way more fun :) Blessings and Love!
Thanks for all of the contests this season, and no matter what happens with #18, we will be shouting for the shoe next season.
well you just did. (; xo
Anyone need to rent-a-date for the #VMAs tomorrow??
and a sandwich! : How to please a man - Show up naked. Bring beer.🍺”
Thanks for following us! We're looking forward to the launch of your website!
Julian Fellowes' Titanic Hits Blu-Ray Soon After Miniseries Airs On ABC On April 24, Entertainment One is bringing Titanic to Blu-Ray and
Sometimes I think it would be easier to say what I have to say without having .coms and blogs and just spend all my time on Twitter...
Like my dear friend Mr. Ice Cube says, "Today was a Good Day!" Now it's time to get to work.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. i love your videos and please follow me back. =)
You'll win tomorrow also.
What did nathan do? o_O
Was a great night
Great mothers build bridges instead of walls. -Reed Markham #quote // Happy Mother's Day! :-D
Thanks for the follow! Following you back on a very good #FF!
why is it that whenever i go out looking bad, all the hot people are in the same place as me?
what u trying to do this week
Psyched to be part of a great CLE tomorrow, I'm presenting ten common questions on consumer debt collection. I'll answer some of them too.
I don't care how old I am. I will always love spaghettiO's
knowing the past gives you the solid foundation to build your future on?
[Campus Bulletin] Have a great Thanksgiving break, students! (right after your presentation, three papers, and two exams are done tomorrow)
#3wordsforyou not even beat
score! That ought to be a fun night.
Ron Artest should be very grateful Goodell isn't commissioner of the NBA. He takes concussions and brutality much more seriously than Stern.
Yay for office marathons!!!
About ready to open #zipline and folks are chanting and cheering! Can't get enough of it!
LMAO why is u such a genius?
If you were going to a wedding reception at the Memorial Union in Madison and needed a hotel, where would you stay?
RT : At , hilarious! RT : Me and this dude are dying! Hahaha.
Just went to for the first time in YEARS. Is it just me, or is the chow mein made with ramen noodles?
I think it should be required watching for all.
Looking forward to #Geekingout reading the new #JobsAct. Will post some thoughts over the week...
We met some hot hot men. Don't deny it.
I swear Justin Bieber looks like a young Janet Reno or Church Lady.
bout to go to bed #wakemeup when something good happens. lol.
to speak (with a British accent!) about integrating #socialmedia and #seo. hoping for a good session.
Dope RT : My wife was there for me when I was broke & homeless.She took me in and believed in me..I will repay her with the WORLD
I could lay in bed all day 2day !!
RT Taylor Gang or deepthroat a cactus.
There's a whole lot of Sh-Eye-T going on here tonight!
Seriously??? All the tlk abt the keys, if she won't give them back then change the locks! Do ppl really act like this???
yeahh, i'm gonna get a skype, but thats cause my mom wants me to. Haha, but yeah I mostly use tinychat. :P
Watching thing about swimming makes me wish I still did swimming
We have been telling the whole story of the other side of the story which has rarely been heard before. Pls don't assume you've heard it B4.
lmao I think you should visit me this summer... Ive already drove down there a hundred times!
unfortunately, does not have abs. 😉
Mega Millions crazyness Sold already $500+. It's predicted tonights draw jackpot at over $700 Million.
Officially booked my ticket to Salt Lake City for Collegiate DECA Nationals competition!!
#Washington! Even though said AZ and she is cute.
sounds like a plan!
Massage and facial this morning - can't wait!
good to hang over the last 2 days. Excited about the future of Sugar and doing what I can to help you grow.
Heat look insane... Who is going to beat them?
I CANNOT BELIEVE Lebron is not guarding Melo. WTF is wrong with you Spo?
Can he be back and playing at a Chase Utley type level?
hey boo! Wats new
Awesome event last night AUDI presents:PROJECT ETHOS For LA Fashion Week!
Bid your way to your dream surgery with the online #auction coming to Lexington Plastic Surgeons
can we get married? PLEASE
like...woke up for the day at 6pm?
Won Most Promising Songwriter, Future Star Vocalist, Album of the Year, and Music Video of the Year!!! Great year for NACMAI!!
@ a casting for 'Humana'. Let's book some work in 2011!!!
Nice to see all the new bike lanes in San Francisco !!
Girls, the "hand on hip to make arm look skinnier" pose is out!!
$5 Box Lunch is OFFICE FAVORITE! Call it in and pick it up at 303-623-0525!
clarification: we still won't read pippa middleton's book, but we will attend any party she throws. pippa, hit us up girl.
Lol. You'd be amazed at how many black people I know ain't seen that movie... lol
Dude, put the team on your back.
I hope you're having fun in Nashville! Loved working with you!
Fun movie but Lucy is WAY cuter than her dog :-)
But you are the pearl on every bus everywhere. Y'see what I'm sayin'?
Cruisin' toward the finish line! New site launch in the next couple of days....
So great getting development (and life!) advice from Can't wait for our Central Park date next week. :)
During urban driving, most of a PHEV's power comes from stored electricity. Possible alternative fuel for cars.
I wish we never had that argument I take it all back just to have him again 💔
Unless you have a definite, precise, clearly set goals, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
No matter what you do or where you go, the #BBN will always support you! Wish you the best bc you definitely deserve it!
Woohoo, Birds pick up a win against the Evil Empire!
": Dolphin males have been known to gang rape and keep females as sex slaves." Dolphins are the shit Hahaha
We are in 's capable hands.... she won't steer us wrong! But thank you for the suggestion.
AAAHHH tweeted me . todays a good day(: thank you <21
Ironic that the #21stME session on social media is in the room with no wi-fi!
Attn, #moviebuffs: 's "DINER, An Oral History" is such a great read.
I'm a master at not getting dress coded😏
Wait, hold up. Did I really just say YOLO?
I love the sound of the rain on the roof of the car after a "super" day....
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. -Sarah Brown
Services can be seen as builders (foundational work) & drivers (lead to results). Know what clients need, set expectations.
And The Plot Thickens! Daddy Z telling them what legal terms to use !
I missed it all.....what is going on???
Jewelry wish list?? Men, ladies tell me what you wish was out there.
I didn't make the rules but I intend to break them.
I am out of class early.
Chester CT Landscaping Firm – Employ The Top Landscaping Firm ...
#BaltimoreDGS unveils large1mw #solar install Back River Wastewater Treatment Plant tomorrow 4/21. Check your local news for details
Determined to break out of sheltering-in-place inertia from the weekend. Have not been out since Friday. Have forgotten how to dress self.
Thanks for the kind words, I appreciate it. Good luck on your project :-)
Preparing to bone a chicken. May have mercy.
We've decided you're just as wise in French, but you have your sister's accent.
imma send a kidnapper in the mail and have him bring you to me... *le evil plan*
Jackson Aldridge with the turnover. Very quick, has potential, but he has to clean it up. Too many turnovers so far this year.
yeah I know same here I want to go back, we should have a reunion or something
Goodnight plz follow  love u so much and i hope ur having an amazing time in florida 
Elk what is hanging down her leg....wanka?
I think she's played live w/ them, so I don't see why it wouldn't be.
3rd because he kept the puck on his stick a lot and got a lot of passes. Missing him depends on where his cap Space is used
So i love my tattoo. :)
does everybody love sunshine
Knock Knock
pictures from last week's edition of The Social are on our Facebook page www.facebook.com/devlonparis - be sure to Like Us
MT : You heard right! 26 employers, 17 are alumni! RT : Heard some rumors that the #KogodNetwork2012 is going to be huge.
The printing industry promotes forests, not destroys them. www.chooseprint.org
come to milwaukee
You are too sweet for checking in. My mind has decided its time to feel better, the rest of me hasn't caught up just yet. It will.
Just a look far beyond what we see / A hello – we’ve neglected to say / Just a boat as a dot in the sea / Just no us. No you. No me.
What kind of name is marie???
a man im tryna get me a bracelet get at me asap
follow and get followed
Hey #AGT stop with the crowd commentary I dont give a shit what they think
Hey everybody :)
coworker has busted lip & a limp 2day aftr a fall last night. came 2 work bcuz she took off ystrday & fri sick & is afraid of being fired.
Eating fiber-rich meals will help you feel full and eat less. Get your fill (12 grams!) with a Beef Tostado Salad
so jus sitback we b all ova niggas Neva know where we at so u kno we gon c em wen we out it's nthn bay
2 of my brothers live in SFO; they'll show you where the Packers bars are so you can hook up with other transplanted cheeseheads.
lots of reasons
RT  #CONGRATS TO GRAMMY NOMINEES PALS:
this is where i get to tell you to stay tuned... most of your questions will be answered in the film ;)
Absolutely beautiful drive down the hill from Truckee. Trees are holding some of the new fallen snow.
Finishing up presentation about object-based projects to teach information literacy.
thank you so much for the follow!!(:
me too! I love, love, loved him!!
wow , you must have already found a 48 hr one
An #NYRangers win tonight will end the 3-year streak of the #StanleyCup champion playing in the #WinterClassic the year prior. (PIT-CHI-BOS)
Good Morning Everyone..:)
One thing my father taught me is that you keep your friends close, butyour enemies closer
Seriously, even my kid was excited to see Bieber
I just noticed that almost all of the tweets u send me say "Aw" am i really that sweet/nice??? :)
Beware of Facebook spam! A recent campaign is targeting certain users.
?? howd they get married
Taylor: licensing issues more about contract law rather than IP
“: Just bought the maxi dress! Ha! Thanks for your #GJU awesomness!” haha you're welcome!
25 years Celebration Dinner Reverend Charlie’s 25th Ann May 22nd at 4:00 in the Old Wye Church Parish House. or at 410-919-7432.) !
It's disrespectful to the people who believe in ur lazy.
Turmeric is also known to benefit many #stomach issues
sarat further emphasizes that we cannot embrace civility without agreeing on what it might be
ah. Can chocolate not be one of them?:)
you're turning black
Thank you for your kindness.
just hookin u up with more followers
#NickMarasAss your booty is trending :3
Got it!
Developing Great Content is as critical as the ability to deliver it to the right audience.
YES! & YES! like shuttup people ! u wouldnt likee it if they did that to you! leave them alone! they're simply amazing.
*great times
Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
are there any twitter trivia games?
AGT in a half hour :)
Writing a new post!
When YOU are learning something new... What steps do you go through??
Please make sure to give Jerry Reese a shout-out in MMQB,
Follow Friday #FF #sxsw movers and shakers
RT : " is now following you on Twitter!" Best news so far today.
at least my ass wouldn't have gone to jail lmao
well you are one slow ass grandma 😉
Truth is more of a stranger than fiction.
So....pain killers just knocked me out for 5 hours. I've never been on pain killers, is this supposed to happen?
Jason's lyric is one of my all time favorite movies ❤❤❤
The Goldberg chant is pretty funny.
The objective is to always PUSH the ENVELOPE, stirring things up both in the world and peoples minds or hearts.
now who is the aggressive one ?!
RT Well good, if Alejandro doesn't find love, maybe he can arrange a Meneudo reunion.
What a td run by Tebow
Oh this grappa is calling your name. Hop on a flight to Chicago. --the night is still young.
more homework=teachers not doing their jobs!
all the cool kids are
#Blackparentsquotes -'`Is you out yo Rabbit ass mind.?
Can't hardly wait for tomorrows opening! We are excited that you will be here to help all our students capture the memories
I've never been grounded for that long in my life! It was dreadful. :( btw...
What a great day! Toptional!!!
It's electon day! Don't forget to vote!
Seth Ferris got me into this, then left rum and mixers at my apartment.
Good morning Ms. Twinkle. :)
Not only is the universe stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine. Sir Arthur Eddington (1882 - 1944)
😒 RT : I can't stop reading but I don't want the book to end.
.RT : Tomorrow morning in New York will be awesome for fans of green vomit.
How can you help spread the word about EdCamp Social Studies? Tell your Social Studies buddies!!!
I HATE thirsty ass bitches!!!!!
RT : Wimpy Kid #5 to be released November 9 (this time, with purple cover)
#WMATA T2 bus on schedule just passed us "not in service" what else is new
yo what's up? I'm working at an agency in Ann Arbor for a bit. This city is ok, not as good as East Lansing though ;) how are U?
I understand. It's tough & painfully hard to deal with.
Beat the heat with SECCA at Thursday's Ice Cream Social. Advance tickets recommended. Go to www.secca.org for details on this yummy program.
From : in times of disruption, experimentation beats planning by a long shot
Got a weather question? Ask it now to either or , I'll be answering questions this afternoon.
Did you know you can get information about nutrition and healthy eating from my site? Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Ah I'm watching the Ellen show and they talked about one direction!!!!!! Ah <3 -G :) xx
They are seriously handing it to Towson right now. Dominant.
Ask : he doubts whether the state of the nation is better off than it was in 2008 under W. Bush.
oh no.. And you're a Ginger so even more shocking ;) know you were missed!
Saturday night House Music by & - for VIP Reservations call or text: 818.602.7979
I'd <3 2 work w/ the best in the game
Denver here we come!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 22
i love your hair curly :´)
Brb too busy strutting like to care about you ~
we both know what the situation is.
It not too late to come in tonight!! #Salon Full Mens #Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color Specialist EyeBrows 510 832 1100
yes she is!!
God My Eyes Hurt..
Have you done it with Yahoo mail? I thought the problem was on their end not Gmail.
The "Nutter Butter Blizzard" is BACK !!!
#omg got him on my mind :)
There are two kinds of people in this world: victim and conqueror.
Powells Book Store, Portland wow! the largest selection of jazz and music books I've ever seen anywhere!
Hey, that's great. We'll make good use of it. Thanks!
FVCK the HYPE
YEAH WERE TO DAMM AWESOME
Giving away Jimmy Buffett tickets to his show in Indy. Watch this morning to win! Between 9-10 on WISH TV
Ok thanks you have a great day also.
My bellybutten hurts
Nice having around when grad students drop in to ask questions about !
Off to the hospital to give my pitch for library orientation for new residents to program coordinators.
Take me home country roads!! I need a break from this city life!!
slumday millionaire is such a great movie!! really i love it!
Just saw Inception. Long overdue.
You look good, the cucumbers are coming off tonight when I go and visit!
Bret Pill, hurting the future of the franchise with every successful at-bat.
One Thing is on MUSIC CHOICE on Demand!! (: YIPEEEEE!
In case you missed it on our Facebook page, we announced our debut album, "Same Weapons, New War" coming soon! Stay tuned for details!
I'm guessing if you reply to this that you survived SXSW. If so, congratulations! If not, my condolences to your survivors.
I always wonder what I look like from someone else's eyes.
Pray forgiveness.
Angry at Tuesdays? We're ready to tilt at windmills too with R.Strauss. We'll spend the Lion's (or Giant's) Share of 3pm with Don Quixote.
Merry Christmas, everyone. Remember to reach out to friends and neighbors who might not feel the joy of the day.
Good morning everybody.. Coffee is brewing and waiting on that first cup...
mr Pokemon master I choose you for my 1000th tweet!!!
Study just released showed a near normal life expectancy for those compliant w/ meds & therapies
do you have any homework?....no not really....how much do you have?....like 2 hours probably.
Yo preach! You have to put all of urself into it. This is not a job. It's who you are to the core.
I love me some and DIY projects are great sometimes, but other times, just buy it.
It won't be too thick to drink with a straw by then.
I still watch the Broncos, but I'm usually pretty keen on DVRing the game so I skip all those ads.
Dining so far so good
glad u like the stuff. If you would like some free tickets to see us at House Of Blues on September 5th, let us know.
Thanks and same to you!
Ryan Braun is DOMINATING this press conference defending himself. SUCH a stand up guy!
