you ever wake up irritated? I do
Philip EMBURY, a German speaking Irishman brought Methodism to America. Fascinating story, Google it.
Merry Christmas
R u saying he's technologically challenged? LOL
I can be manipulated only so many times; Before even "I love you" starts to sound like a lie
Yummy! Cherry pie for 'Pi' Day!
Will keep my eyes open for you--would be fun to meet up!
It's hard out here for a hypochondriac.
So ready for summer as well.
Joanie Griffin and Dea Rankin are headed to NM Business Weekly's Women of Influence Luncheon today.
stretch time
don't go. It's a trap!
Calvin Johnson, Demaryius Thomas have set bar pretty high (Megatron much more so) for Georgia Tech WRs. Good luck Stephen Hill
Owning a home gives a sense of belonging. Roots. A place in the community.A little place in the world for your family that’s uniquely ours.
June 5th?? 5 days before my birthday !!(:
spring break's gonna be over in like, 2 days. I HAVEN'T HAD ENOUGH SLEEP YET OIAHTASKJGN
working on the sdgrub website
cant wait to go home. wicked headache.... fml
what the hell are u on and why don't u join us for 8 game anymore?
hope u all follow me as soon as i think of a username an post it on here becuz i luv all of u guYz AND THERE WILL BE NOO SPAMM!!! LOL JS
Just because you have a mobile phone doesn't mean you should use it wherever you go as loud as you can!
Merry Christmas!!!
I'm bakkk unfortunately
totally reminded me of Serenity/Firefly a bit. Great rapport between characters. Ill be there Tues
hope to connect w/ this week
Someone make me foods!
#wla12 Susanne Markgren of Purchase College says get on Pinterest but don't forget to put signs in the rest room!
How to keep a true perspective of one's importance? Have a dog who will worship you and a cat who will ignore you. via
Back home from nyc and now its sleep time for me
Drew Carey brought idea of fans voting out the GM to the Seattle Sounders. Trend in #soccer, but don't see it going to the major 4.
Comedy Grind today...putting together clips for "The Bootlegs: Vol. 1"
Reggie!!!! I can't wait to see u too
Post News #Cameroon reporting that NDI, renown for election monitoring in Africa will not monitor Oct 9 Cameroon elections
Let's rage tonight!
Terry Harpold speaking: how can we really use those Sakai wikis?
Impressed by the U of Minn/ Mayo Clinic clinical study info. So it enters your bloodstream faster?
#Shoot! The only reason I will watch "Over The Limit" is the WWE Championship match between 2 former ROH Champions. Punk & Bryan.
Stir the imagination of audience with feeling and thought.
ugh why is Keri Hilson such a flop.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the master-gardener of his soul, the director of his life. -James Allen
I would love to see him with the #Bucks, but they don't have that kind of money to throw at someone.
Dear men, if you're going to play a lot of women don't tell them you want only them. It'll blow up in your face and you'll be bitch slapped
Duh. Don't be such a buttinsky. I was complimenting you.
Yo I wanna Help you support "Monster" been a fan for YEARS Solomon!
that fml moment when you really have to pee & someone's in the bathroom.
I feel really sick
UH-O We Have A MuthaFuckin Problems.M.P.
i can tell you #finalcutprox is very user friendly:)
Apple Cinnamon Strusel Pancakes m!!
. Even if the contributions totaled just $1, it still shows legislation can be bought by outsiders.
Lunch #mykitchen what's for lunch, vegan burgur grilled with BBQ sauce and a salad.
Happy 4th of July! Go blow something up.
Space Jam?
love a bit of european emo rock before bed! ;).
Those that opinion matters least always have the MOST 2 say... Smh
Interview with Robyn O'Brien, founder of Allergykids.com, author of The Unhealthy Truth - live at 10AM on www.parentingunpluggedradio.com
RT reading Mon. at 6pm. She's insanely cool, equally nice & you should see her: jillianlauren.com/2011/09/pretty…
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 73
LOL my ears are fine.... the rest of my body not so much... earplugs ftw
oh I will I got a month to perfect my twerking. Haha
Our gifts though we have free will were meant to be used for the fullfillment of God's purpose.
Not with Dex on left side ... plus, he's not a great bunter. RT : Why doesn't dexter put a squeeze bunt on here?
Shout me out this is my new twitter, if you dont belive me ill call you.
iiiggghhhttt i will think
I have an sol tomorrow... not ready at all!
I had to cave in because I felt sorry for him.
Awesome ride yesterday!
Did you survive the rainstorms??
But we're excited 2 c u! MT : mixed feelings about school starting tomorrow, but so excited to complete my last semester at
Just Need To Stand On My Own Two Feet Right Now.
you better =p
has officialy moved in Miami. no, "BABY COME BACK, YOU CAN BLAME IT ALL ON ME"
this is why I hate Mondays lol!
This competition is getting hot!
SfAAs were awesome. Got to get some invaluable feedback on my paper, and got to see some of my friends present their research.
more dates posted...
This restaurant is a shitshow.
yeah! Love that tweet. :D
I'm glad you like it! Good luck on your vintage biz endeavor- if you come across anything shopping, send me pics for the blog! :)
What was that? Crabs??? Haha xoxo : ah! I hate you. you're in trouble come December 10th ;)
I think this last quarter is going to amp me up!
Excited to see what Apple stock does tomorrow. iPlummet
you guys better be making vlogs
And the Windows app is free for local use
You are super hot! Is there any one in the business you want to do a girl/girl scene with?
forever feeling unappreciated
Uh oh...I think I'm in love
This next spot is gonna be epic.
hey yuhr really cute
Thx for the
This bitch ass dude always needs some kind of help when he knows hes already been beatin
#Collaboration has unlocked a lot of value in success of the Conference and building the PAC-12 Network
I miss you too, sugar ;)
at least during commercials haha
Figuring out what to compete for and how long to compete for it is much easier in K-12 than it is after that. You know, in real life.
Two Words: SMASH TONIGHT!
Wade is going off on the Knicks tonight...where there is a Wade there is a way.
Thx Michael. Build #nonprofit #boards w a passion/resource combo--willingness to open that checkbook!
So blessed to have so many amazing individuals in my life. difficult day losing a loved one, but unknowingly they kept my spirits up.
idec that avocados aren't vegetables i am in love with
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Know The Importance Of #Knowing Each Other...Not Only #Desiring Each Other."
#ff GNE Members: (Did we miss anybody? List seems short.)
!!! RT“: Summer I'm gonna practice baseball that way when I come back to school I'll be way better than I did this year.”
Boy do I feel old. Watched my little sister graduate HS tonight. That was me 11 years ago.
Sending out an S So Blue!! The true last line of Message in a Bottle-and maybe the real message. Hm
Is it relevant, however, that the car industry relies on a number of smaller companies that were NOT failing?
I now have more followers than
you're way more into geek culture than I am.
Tru Blood is the best show ever...can i get a amen?
Coach said my hurdles were GREAT!
Hood! It's Tyler. Congratulations on the signing bro! Keep up the good work! Support your boy too. I'll be on a track. Haha
Ha. I was thinking the same thing. Hope no one ever snaps my desk in its common state...
The county gets tax revenues, new jobs & economic benefits while a private prison company runs the place and get a cut of the profits.
why no cute little thing for MKG?
Message of slutwalk: assault is never your fault.
there it is...Romney/Trump 2012...please!
aww I need to talk to u later ! Gtg right now , bye sister<3
Thank you chica!
what a glorious day for you! Congrats! I look forward to that :)
idk what my little brother think he doing.
Damn, Oprah really has a way of making you tear up.. that woman is amazing.
keep up the hard work man you looked real good today
I might be doing the same thing subconsciously...haha..
hey its Taylor from the bus
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.
..aww that's real, I miss you to.
So board and tired of the uncertainty in my life.
Great news! Got checked by scope & there is no more visible cancer ANYWHERE in my head. Still 3+ weeks of treatment left, but so worth it!
Madonna talks about taking her kids to while in town for the Super Bowl. Great choice!
Thanks and no lololol RT : Happy Birthday to (please change your twitter name lol) I love you :)
two git commits my mom would be proud of, nXhtml and python-mode.el.. Happy Mother's Day!!
So true... RT: " If I were to make a movie... I'd title it 111 A SEX ROBOTS to maximize its VOD potential."
I worry about those low income students who may not have needed devices
You should always be reading a book that will lead you to where you want to be.
thank you:) xx
was kinda surprised they weren't gonna stick with him against Laroche, had he not gotten Zimmerman
merry christmas to all!!!
yeah cause is lazy as fuck
{RT getting a ton of interest in volunteering for Girl Develop It- or follow-up w/me for details
Why in the hell can't I log in to see a PPV I PAID FOR?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms everywhere.
Don't worry guys....we got Doug Davis coming into Omaha to start work any minute now.
Forty. How did that happen?
lol!! Oh I was about to say hahaa
cool indeed.
Sounds like you're having way too much fun! Would you be available tmrw for an interview on LA NPR station on TCA?
just did :)
Me too! Can't wait! RT Excited to try tonight with my favorite ladies!
I bet you didn't see the Easter bunny throw up in his mask while holding a child today.
Contest will run all day, winner announced Friday morning: 1. What are three things that draw you to our fun and exciting Chic-I-Boom Ball?
Show your ability to change the world: Those bright, young men and women want to work for leaders who share their passion for changin...
It was a good one! RT So upset I'm missing DWTS tonight!
Mehhhh I'm always so tired. No matter what time I go to sleep.
MORNING!! how are you on this lovely Tuesday?
It feels so good to be on a little mini vacation !! Morning Tweeps :)
heck Yes! You should have seen me crying all over in 507! LOL at my house the 25th
oh winner, winner
I still have feelings for him. I can't even fake it no more.
Missed celtic,
Let's pretend this never happened.
Emerged from Bubble.Thrilled to find you here!
guys are bad
I think I liked Rachel the cat..wow, good times.
Saturday students, do not come to class tomorrow! LaGuardia has canceled all classes and events for August 27 and August 28.
quit facebook?
There's a thin line between being an early bird and being an idiot.
you're kidding me! 😂
How was lunch? We should have lunch sometime, if ya like.
let me know how u did I'm supposed to go sat.
Lie down love, lie down. I will sing you a lullaby.
Congratulations Alex!
Congrats Dan Menelly, '10-'11 , on being named VP of STEM Education at Liberty Science Ctr !
Q1: it also means eliminating achievement gaps and all students reaching their full potential
#nowplaying tom petty
Had a dream I was an Argonian.
don't worry he's going to bring it.
Do u have a super creative co-worker who dressed up for #Halloween today? Let us know and maybe we'll come by to take a photo.
I got an email today from "Coach" Nate Leaman informing me "Friar Hockey Challenges You." To which I say: IT'S ON NATE LEAMAN. IT. IS. ON.
But mommy the emperor isn't wearing any clothes
as the deer lantern for the water...... 😳
Dance party for one to <3333
thank. Hit me with a follow and join the fam :)
Lol people really know how to irritate me <.<
Unnecessary drama <
Just got a #heroku account on Wednesday! Very interested now!
safe travels, miss holmes!
Target has become my favorite store.. Sorry walmart
Lane-wedge:When a driver is forced to slow because wedged between entering traffic merging too slowly & traffic on the left that has sped up
RT : Only in DC can u mention ur a software devloper in a bar & get pitched 1000 ideas. Developers r harder 2 find than $
You realize of course you'll get lots of people spelling it with a "p" if you do that.
Loving this weather! And ready for a New Year!!!
Choose not to settle. Pursue your God-given goals, knowing it’s never too late to accomplish everything God has placed in your heart.
But I was -_- hey,dude where is your fruit phone?
#UpgradeYourPhoneToLumia I thought at first it said LUMPIA. hahaha !!
thanks daddy ;)
Happy Easter Everyone! Always remember: It's not Easter unless some one cries trying to find their basket! (me)
Bravo to Brentwood, you handled a group of very chatty and inattentive people with care; we had a great lunch!
don't understand
Oh , #1 Girl Tour Dates Were Released ? Thats Waddup . Someone Tell Me If They Hittin' Up Vegas !
It's still Practice Friday. Do what you gotta do to prepare. :)
happy belated Mothers Day :-)
I wonder if Mayweather gon cures him out tonight...
Keep calm and love
I need to get more confidence..
Well, I missed the supermoon so as a trade-off, I'm gazing at my butt in the mirror.
Im gonna check that book out , thanks for the follow, and congrads on your success
Today started with a dentist appointment; and will end with leading worship at a Kids Camp. It will be Eligible for "Most Improved Day". ~AZ
Watching Up before bed... #dontmindifido !
I've been their before yeah it's not too far from me
Also wish a Happy Birthday to Pat Summerall and Chris Berman of ESPN!
I am pretty sure they will stay here
I'm excited for you guys to BE in New York. I said that ever since I found out yall were doing shows over here. ;)
can u follow back plZ
The favorite is back! Try today's special: the Salmon Burger w/ Soy Mayo! Fish made by Minnesotans for Minnesotans! Yeah. We do it the best!
Yeah, I kinda LOL'ed when I was typing that out.
yayy i got a new tv in my room.
Hooray! Beastiality finally illegal in Florida!
la la la la...lalala la la la
#thingsifindattractive some one who isn't afraid to show her real face without make up
Monster kills Milton!
What You Doing Mhy Friend.
Jacob Martin tonight at the Blue Fox, alcohol, music, and great food. Come check it out!
I learned 3 yrs ago that #BlackFriday, they advertise big deals and then stock stores with small quanity, hoping you show up and still shop.
You already know!!!!
Remember Trayvon Martin. He would have been a great Father,Husband,Son,Brother,Nephew and CEO. GOD will prevail and Justice will come soon.
Do NOT take 163 south its backed up for miles!
good night twitter. i love you.
What I like is the implication: That it's somehow less vile to beat the crap outta someone as long as you're polite about it.
I'm not above pretending to be a lesbian for a free shot
ok cool er was my shit
aaw thank you(:
Playing tonight at The Building in East Nashville! 8pm! followed by Gimmie shelter rolling stones tribute
Check out Nextdoor tonight on at 8 p.m. in the Bay Area
I have a cough! It sucks big time :(
happy #FF to - can't wait for Part 1 of our interview on Sunday!
Last night at shu! Watching movies with the best friend
is suited up & inside the Best Buy BIODOME. After a red-eye flight & a clark kent in an airport bathroom, we's rollin. trying to sound sane.
lol duh! It'll have diff kinds of DNA! :)
You're such a slut lol
Engaging SEN pupils through film: How film can cross the barriers associated with many learning disabilitiesI've..
I'm thinkin of you, that's all I do all the time, you're always the first and the last thing on this heart of mine
Love my b ball. Going offline now, game is on bbl
*blushes* Thanks :)
happy birthday sis wish you the best and many more years to come <3
"You're quitting school?"- Lisa "Dropping it like a melon off an overpass."- Nelson
Thank you lots!
Tonight really showed me who my true friends are..
I miss my future husband so much.
thanks for sharing we'll check them out :)
Quit sitting up there in the bleachers. Come on down on the field. Suit up! Roll around in the dirt! Take a chance on missing a pass, fu…
What do you do there?
is there a raindate?
I found out who my stalker is !!
Waiting gets increasingly harder over time.
Wale tweeted he fried off yellow Nuvo on the rocks, my guess he prolly shouldn't kick it wit us
RT next time I'm just going to build every #Drupal site on ...it's #easymode and makes life so much better
Azians trip me out...do u want the deluck or regoolar!!?? Haha
Just finished Teddy Bear Tea at the Ritz. Now waiting for Kringle's Inventionasium. Fell in the parking garage. Raise your hand if surprised
- Lack of pedagogical training is seen as problematic & TAs feel unsupported in using learning technologies.
I know where you came in, went there going through on props from GSP alot
Pretty product gets higher click rate v. inspirational story on TOMS shoes site every time
Its cool, she found it in the list and found!
same with Montero. Liked that single he hit. looked like pujols for a sec.
Nice. Enjoy Restaurant Eek! tehehe
we need to kick it whenever you available (&) get time to move around
I txted u thiss morning so youll be gettin a cute one when u do =p but aree you tryinn to come over today?
Important to not be the copyright heavy, remix culture, don't want to limit student learning
It's a lot easier for someone to see your point if you don't try to stick it in their eye.
:'( I couldn't have handled that. My father was taken very suddenly. I'm sorry to hear you are going through that.
LMS for a rate
I get you :) I was just sayin a little about why I love her. I could go on forever! :)))))
Grateful for the drum lessons, good weather, and today.
when takes hours on the other line <<< hurry up ! lol !
is so invincible that instead of pads or uniform he uses Body paint and a Cup for protection in games
Come out tonight to take our Art of seduction class 8:30-9:30 at get your sexy on
but tweeting is so much more fun
Clearly lunch meats are our final vodka-infusion frontier.
of course :) i passed all your notes to our ruby guys, hopefully you'll see some improvements in the near future.
word up. U still hoop?
Your the best character on VICTORIOUS <3 BIGGEST FAN !! & Yor really PRETTY !
how long before you start preparing for the better half race.
So who wants to buy my house? Met with our realtor--it should be listed by Monday!
Congratulations - you will do a fabulous job!!
TOPFLIGHT I GOT 25 NEW BEATS.... TREES I GOT GOT YOU........
is Nestor going to try and choke the shit out of him? I hear he likes to do that to people.
nope! that's not me. I shouldn't be your only friend to send you storms and rain and all that nature-filled stuff ;)
Windy City Wedding Show selling out. David's Bridal, Men's Wearhouse, The Knot, 847-774-8910 to exhibit. www.windycityweddingshow.com
I need to get out of this funk.
It opens in May. Stay tuned for updates. RT : I keep hoping that this is the day opens at the MSP airport.
Przybilla says his ankle has been bothering him for about a week. Plans to play tomorrow vs Dallas. Officially listed as day-to-day.
Hahah. You whore. Stop lying. You have a baby. (I'm just kidding. Lol.)
RT - #ESPN, ever the patriots haters, write an article that Tom Brady isn't liked in New England. The are a continutal emb...
I like what you are doing for downtown asu. How about a follow in case someone needs a locksmith.
Biomass & crops for animals as damaging as [burning] fossil fuels
2nd night at UW ER this week. Starting to feel at home. Like that old guy's home with the weird antiseptic smell.
thanks so much for coming out Sandy. Sorry we didn't get to talk much
just being chris
I think she likes her b/c she's warm. But she also gets up & hangs out w/ me during middle of night feedings. Not sure why!
That was big boy stuff.
I'd #rapeandpillage Saturday, but there is SO MUCH going on, gonna be hard to figure out
yes! I'm getting a hoop to practice.
also animal porn.
MOON BOT SEX SIX FLAGS RT : The NBA has surpassed 5 million Twitter followers, easily the most for a pro sports league.
Need website models in the Houston/Austin area. Maternity, babies, events, headshots, engagement, bridal, etc. Message me if interested
I swear I pray one comes through!
We love for supporting our Kid's Campus transportation for 2012. The kids love all of the event we take them too!
AUSTIN PLEASE COME TO MEXICO! #MexicanMahomies NEEDS YOU IN MEXICO!
SAVASANA will be playing in Singapore at the 24th Singapore International Film Festival in a few hours!
I still love you too
Giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head
Productive morning so far. Headed out to go fishing, call me if you need me. Yesterday caught a trophy walleye while fielding a bball call!
Jamming to Dio. Miss ya
Dear Lacey, leave my friends alone. leave my guy friends alone. and yes you'll get slapped if you lookin HOE. (;
you are the bane of my existence.
RT Last day at
Let's go!!!! RT : I need followers, who got me?
Yeah wow! She's pretty nice.
Good morning!
find it please
lol doing great! How r u?
Congrats on the first day at the new job! #inspirato vacations here we come! :-)
Jealous of & 't wait for tweets of your ATL adventures & !
I really have to start watching #NewGirl I only saw a little bit but it looks so funny.
*~I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness."
Your great not sure how I could talk to someone so cool that I just meet .one word bromance haha lets be bestfriends hahaha
tells me he spent $700 today on artwork and a decorative moose for our condo. Great, so we're now THOSE guys. #twitterbinge 7/24
last day for the #fmfgt!!
Chicago just tied it up 3-3 in the third period.
The smell of sex!!!
Tomorrow we'll share out 10 ways to know you are going crazy at #drupa - use #xeroxdrupa to tell us yours!
It's been such a busy day! How's everyone doing so far? How's that #PMA?
Studying some wine at
“: Rough Day in History: Lincoln shot, Titanic hit iceberg, & Great Plains saw worst dust storm of Dust Bowl era.” + I was born
We lost 2 best players , I like to see your team with out 2 best players !!!
did you mean "soa" what ?
ugh Damn you Crucible Essay
Surprised to say that I actually kind of like this whole live tweeting thing. But only once a year.
last night's deli show was awesome thanks to bands n folks who could make it: rawking,psycho drama,crazy homeless people,laughs,& madness :)
Thank you!!
refuses to tolerate anymore lies from Obama haters. I love my president. He's doing a good job. He's American. You suck!
Service with a smile sure makes a big difference.
Happy Mothers Day
Hi Stuart--resent you the story idea email today. Thanks so much for your interest, look forward to hearing from you!
I haven't watched it yet! I haven't watched like half the season :/
I was thinking about drawing you and the guys and bring them to your concert w/ BTR on March 3!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. Cicero
watupdoe we in the studio for sat at what time?
did i just lose ? yes i did.
I didn't but they sell them at candy shops and even on amazon...
RT : Why is it easier to believe 150,000,000 Americans are being lazy than 400 Americans are greedy?
Big change in temperatures and rain chances for tomorrow. Details moments away on
I was thinking the exact same thing! But yes you will still have me! Ha
Amazing Production of last night. keep up the amazing work,
Happy New Year to you as well!
use leechblock to avoid common online distractions.
Timbers truck is here. Try the new soccer game on the wii system with a massive screen! Prizes to be won!
someone that loves u for who u are and never judges u >>>
Would love to see a guide to re-image using Ultimate, since it only is offered with Home, my method isn't working...
I would love to meet jenna marbles she lives really close to me
The beauty and difficultly of faith is trying to explain it.
porn and nudes are just trashy common nowmake it special do it in person
Positive thinking won't let you do anything but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. -Zig Ziglar
It's a natural fit. Lots of sectors call NYC home. Ultimately it's about solving problems.
& you guys bring on some awesome authors to your webinars.. don't ever stop!
's your opinion of #heartattackgrill downtownlv? have you been yet?
what u doing today? Its a tattoo party today, I dont know if I'm going yet though...
Awesome! Thank you for supporting us AND our friends :)
I want to follow more people on ! Followers, send me your links or follow suggestions!
Man I ate too much at Red Lobster.
R,I.P Dick Clark!
Every Wednesday 2 for 1. Bring in a friend thats getting an identical service and pay for Only 1!
Stay tuned to 1490 ESPN "The Zone" this week to find out where we'll be next week as our coverage of high school football continues!
It only takes a mustard seed. What will you do with your seed?
Now that I'm home I should probably start this project, huh?
I'm taking clients for facials ($9-14) at the salon at Santa Monica College. It's a great deal and I'm only there a few more weeks!
Follow me pleasee . ?! :)
I hope that's not one of them
baking a green velvet cake.
Art museum is closed today, but next best thing? RT : dudes, we're open until 10p tonight. let's do this 4th of July.
I know.... how friggin' funny is that!
I'm excited to follow the rest of In Blackness series.
you are an amazing dancer i finally got to see u dance live on november 8 u guys were amazing <3 a true inspiration
OMG. searched youtube for videos of 's #BTWB. All I can say, I cant wait till the US Leg of the tour! :)
lmao. do you have a license though?
*wine. My win goes in chalices.
Yeah believe me, you won't even remember half of the stuff that went on there once you're gone as long as I've been haha
been trying, nursing a small stack for hours
thanks for the follow!
funny. and i have purchased both of those fairly recently.
"It looks like you've hit a following limit." << Really #twitter?? Cuz we did not follow anyone last couple of days?
Watching TMZ in bed
Sorry 4 the Wait mix tape makes me so psyched for summer.
They say I'm crazy.. Na I'm shwayze
just saw..so sorry for your loss...time can only heal..she will still live in your music ;)
“: studio time w/ and the other 2 that aren't on twitter! #stayZupa” get it get it
Too extreme a punishment or not enough?
However, for continuing drug users, you might not even know they’ve been using something prior to dealing with them
"Listen for God's voice in everything you do, everywhere you go; he's the one who will keep you on track." -Proverbs 3:7 (MSG)
If you asked me if I love him, I'd lie.
Oh, that is a favorite of many (including me!). Enjoy!!!
Rain rain go away
well, there are more school kids than adults!
I'm ready for a drink!
“Sunny days, party nights, hot guys water fights, pretty hair, tanned skin schools out summers in ♥”
RAPALA&#39;S INTERIM REPORT FOR JANUARY TO MARCH 2012: CHALLENGING WINTER IN NORDIC COUNTRIES DEPRESSED SALES AND PROFITS ...
yepp and I'm going to a private concert 2moro!
4 threes in OT?? damn...
Thx bra! RT : Guitarist Rez Abassi was totally burning on 's aptly named "Killer".
and - Just testing this out. This is cute. You two are tweet-astic. Merry Christmas!!!
I dont know if this barking im hearing outside is a dog or a human....
RT New post: Fitness Guru Shawn Phillips Reveals The Truth About Nutrition Shakes
I LOVE U , YOUR CHRISTMAS ALBUM IS AMAZING ! (:
Spoken by the rich, privileged and those not victims of Al-Qaeda
Mom is acting really weird today. Calls me, looking for #Number2Son, tells me she wants to come home. To borrow $ from my sister for cabfare
She said yes.
Thanks for the mention! We're preparing to launch our new Premium Performance cream-mousse foundation. We'll have two lines-
Im late! RT : RT will be installing cell phone charging kiosks around midtown #Miami shops in late March!
oh noes! DM us with your referral code and we'll drop in some credit :)
All shows have been moved to the Shadowplay Lounge in the Woodlands, next show-(7/27) Gwen Stacy, Lower D, Mozart Season, A City Serene!!
Thursday night! Heat's destruction of the Knicks will be embarrass-lin!
Please follow , the official Twitter account of the late screen legend James Coburn updated by representatives of his estate!
Ask them if they have any Gandhi like circular/round glasses!
searching for DAIRY PLANT MANAGER candidates; BAKERY FOOD SAFETY MANAGERS and BAKERY PRODUCTION SUPERVISORS. send resume to
At this point chopping off my thighs completely would be ideal
Things you can't get in Syracuse: Tacos al pastor, Shiner Bock beer.
I don't have that cash!!!
do you erase tweets? I'm waiting to throw you a party for tweet 300,000.
Great being at the Seneca Station for the #onedayhike this morning. Good luck, hikers!
going to bed, been thinkin about mom all day.
Head back to hurting now
What did the idiot do to the flea in his ear? Shot it!
What's your all time favorite Mexican dish? We'd love to hear!
Forgot to give a shout-out to for the new #twitter background. Our names everywhere. Stoke the ego Ray...stroke it.
61 followers .. mhm .. How can I get more? Any ideas ?
I agree with you. It is all about money. . . And advertising.
ok cool
Your God's got No Cash. -Jed Broitman
Smart man --->>RT : Pizza Hut is TERRIBLE! I'm a pizza guy! RT What a fresh morning in
do u wanna hear wat i got on
Renegade bitches!
I think everyone needs to expierence at least one not so great relationship. It makes you appreciate the right guy so much more. :)
Idk why I like dirty convos....just do
Isaan? oh never heard of it...
i think you're fine you really blow my mind maybe someday you and me could run away i just want you to know i wanna be your romeo hey juliet
Had fun tonight. now I got a headace. /:
Happy thanksgiving. Hope everyone is having a great day.
If you could have sex with any of your followers who would it be lol ?
writing papers for bad honors classes is the worst.
All hats on sale just today $25 the entire store 20% off so come & get your gear
She thinks I'm like the worst daughter whenever I tell her the truth
happy father's day everybody!
Thanks for stopping by, ! What flavor did you get?
No matter how good I get, I always want better.
The Slavoj Zizek - Joan Rivers connection???
significance to correspondences of all sorts while attributing too little significance to quite conclusive but l” ~John Allen Paulos
New Years Eve hosted by The Swinging Richards and DJ Malone only $10 general admission includes party favors!
yeah the spring/early summer in DC is amaze. The rest, not so much, but I do prefer it over being cold all the time :-)
I'm an MBA.... so I'm with u equating #fundraising to customer service and sales. Mission is the bottom line.
Cigarets and running do not mix. Fuck me.
Rep. Ruben Hinojosa - Federal investments made a world of difference for migrant students and English Learners
Started new course to learn a new programming language. #Geeked out and so excited.
Prepping for an audition tomorrow morning. Then to the hardware store to get better materials to put under our sinking rain barrel. Hyeah.
Hey Bengals you got your fans to finally show when u gonna do the same??????
/usr is hosed on my notebook. Fantastic!
Hey guys go follow us on twitter!
Early mornings allow for moments like this: breakfast together at the table, followed by her singing les Mis ballads at the piano. Love.
The skeptic says, "I'll believe it when I see it." The mystic says, "I'll see it when I believe it."
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
I've always thought of a "pop up dinner" as being something more underground. Bang out service and dissappear.
okay and ima give you a big hug and carry you. (X
Love your analysis, great article.
Don't let go too soon, but don't hang on too long.
Tommy Prestarri is so fine fo real doe!!!(:
Hey Harry, I Just Love how your so funny and sweet........... One Direction Rocks!!!! Please Follow Me...
:o okay! :) oh my damn...hold me! .__. #imscareddd Where are u?
I hate onions :(😝
Wine night do over, but this one is on the roof! It's so nice out.
aw. Saw you on TV at Grammys & you looked radiantly beautiful. Just for the record. + Free People is overpriced.
you can have any fucking kind of language you wish motherfucker donut don't mind me..
Hey , if we let you light something on fire can we be #BurghVerified, too?
okay be ready for me baby
if her heart beats, I always find it ...
The Wisconsin recall election is more of a face off between mobilized-workers versus outside-spending than Democrats versus Republicans
Holy crap Google+ looks gorgeous on my mobile today.
Coming up wit a master plan
RT Wow - that's a ballsy penalty to call!!! / Two minutes left in a tied game 7. Unbelievable.
if so, why the need for a seal? To protect the other garbage from the period blood?
Timbers Army is seriously loud.
see I'm driving but it's my moms car and she's crazy.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!
How about a challenge? .200 min RT : The Brewers need to cut I bet you could hit at least .168!
Sigh. I really liked , but now that they've stopped allowing premium rewards for early adopters I'll have to let it go.
RT : Don't trip she gotta be able to control it. Niggas thirsty everywhere.
Their sons are languishing behind bars in despair & pain but they don't care. With their cars, houses & bling-blings, they like it like that
Enjoying "spirited" discussion about #Brewers bullpen today on D-List show.
great place!
6 Billion People In The World, 6 Billion Souls, But Sometimes All You Need Is One. <3
Message me back on kik?? Please?(:
Hurry & get your booth today! www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com Dallas Houston Ft. Worth & Arlington!Windows and doors to ceilings and floors!
the incredible arrived and the laggard just leapfrogged.
a line that makes a circle? Lol jk
NYC-Based Mobile Tech Startup bMobilized Lands Funding From Two Established European Venture Capital Firms
1 ridic apt thing done, 3 more to go.
Sometimes simply asking questions satisfies the mind. Getting a satisfying answer is better still.
": Some people just sleep with anyone. #damn" duh!! You just figuring this out!!!
SFU on 31 to 6 run and I picked them to win
I'd be 110% happy if I never have to go through another moving process ever again ........
i followed
2 days away from saying goodbye to Wisconsin and hello to Chicago!
lol alligator boots too, don't trip, he was ready!
Lovin' the gorgeous sunset over Nashville.
THANK YOU and Jan Cuny, without the two of you today would not have been possible.
so, it's really hard to finish a project with dilated eyes... #BlurryVision I have to get glasses.
HEY! Plz Follow For Me Ill Follow You! They Need FOLLOWERS!!!
Ha...Weave Master Degree
Geez all Tebow did was taking a losing team to the playoffs...
What are you inking over there, lady?
hey gota tell you about the weekend. BTW got a court order for a judge to sign. Back on a plane again in a day.
It always feels like it's going to be a more productive day when I can clean out all my inboxes before 9am.
don't forget to enter the name of your charity for it to count!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?x38
I am always amazed when MSM picks a Black Church leader to speak for ALL Blacks on LGBT.
Hey math, do you know that nobody likes you??
one way to spice up monday lol
Andrew Bynum is awake! First "keys to victory" box checked.
Putting work early in the A.M since I can't tonight
You want to make her happy? It's simple. Listen to her. Hold her. Love her like she's the only woman in the world.
oh and I'm sorry I couldn't make it today!...my dad got home at 7:30 today so I didn't have a ride!
is some dope shit. Representing Princeton?
Drupal Drush is your best friend for module updates! Takes the pain away...
Play the game, beat the game, change the game.
New rotating waffle iron score, waffle iron 2: me 1.. anyone know of a GREAT brand? Wife 5 kids to feed.. I can't afford disasters like this
Sometimes trying to do too much will have you doing too little
All people do is tweet or post pictures of themselves with their boyfriend or girlfriend. It makes me wanna boyfriend sometimes...😔
will do tomorrowv
there's no way that movie will ever be finished. It's just like the halo movie They made enough to have a trailer that's all
" do you see the scar on my chest , im hurting "
I love and 's characters' friendship on
fuck you I called you
#Yankees vs O's
Welcome Suffolk Cleaning
our room is gon be craaaaay (:
Ha! (-: Yes! First, from where can we finagle a searchlight...
Joe needs to get Demi back. Not Taylor.
When I'm looking at BR, what are the best stats to judge a P? WHIP and SO/BB? And based on IP?
Happy Mother's Day weekend to all the mothers around the world-whether you birthed someone out or you just help care for someone...
My pleasure! Can't wait to finally meet you!
30 minutes or less
Good cup of coffee. Good morning.
Good Win Cubbies
come see us in Regent Square!
Crazy nite... At the waffle house then I'm going 2 bed
gratuitous (unnecessary) would be offensive. Also sexist if in the vein of male humor that makes women uncomfortable.
Keep the cell phone waiting area right were it is. Just got buzzed by two fighter jets.
Happy Birthday twitter style!
My guess is on your worst day, you're still pretty damn awesome. That you care enough to be scared ups your awesome value.
Cant wait to see my other half n 20 minute mwah
CONGRATULATIONS JEREMY I ALWAYS KNEW YOU COULD DO IT AND TONIGHT I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU ACCEPT THAT DIPLOMA YOU DESERVE SO VERY MUCH
Happy birthday mom!! Thank you for everything so glad I could spend the day with you and family :)
At University Of Berkeley and it's sunny! San Francisco photographer bay area napa wedding commercial videographer silicon valley
thank ya! Glad you enjoyed it
terrible prank...kinda wished the raiders would've gotten you...no picks for them tho. Good luck.
But how's that ever going to change if people don't apply there? You can't criticise a uni for not having 'people like us'...
You girls be sure to take a Port Authority bus home!
Top 3 in :30 coming up next
Reminder to get your tickets to see Chicago tonight!
Just now waking up for school. Ha
very inappropriate but am sure u guys are the same height!!!!! -_________-
If your a female i bring home to meet my mom, we're dating!! End of story.
It's #Friday #Boston...what's waking you up this morning? Iced coffee from !!
Don't consider what the world requires; consider what makes you shine.
"Trey, you should tweet that." - "No. I gotta focus on my knee"
Praying for peace and blessings for each and everyone for you. Happy Sunday!
Happy Saturday everyone! Another erfect day for Piunkberry!! Stop by one of our three locations and see us!
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife♥66
HAHA! ... ya, screw that guy and his pretty snatch
"You can give someone the winning lotto numbers and they still won't hit the jackpot"
Yes smh...I'm good tho. Just always on edge lol
I have built social communities using 3 different products over past 5 years. Viewing Jam now. WOW.
Naytive.com is the best
How can that be I'm pretty sure that's my new house.
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving! :)
Recoup complete. Week 5 runs this week :-) halfway to my first goal!! Woot
I just want this day to be over with lol. Track meet then last Greek dance practice before the festival
No, but we might!
Today in the #NBA: closes, sucks.
Thank you St. Louis! Tonight was a lot of fun. fucking rule. See you @ penny road pub tommorow night!
Don't be afraid, You'll be amazed at all the ways that I can show you what you've missed, Just close your eyes, and watch this.
I should probably be sleeping right now...
GREAT choreography rehearsal for the 1940's show tonight!! 3 hours on my feet in heels....hurts so good!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Heartfelt thanks for taking the time to offer such kind feedback--it means a lot to all of us here. Best of luck w/your writing!
wow they finally opened up a frozen yogurt place in bronxville and it was actually good
RT You cant be that closed minded to be scared to go to a gay club.
Happy friday :)
The day follows me, i'm going to buy an I Love Honey Cocaine sweater and wear it to school <3
Christmas cheer ideas: do some shopping, make cookies with my Christmas elves, watch some movies...feel free to contribute
I hate projects -_-
what is it called if the flu lasts 48 hours twice? I still feel like hell. Bright side, great diet
told myself i'd never again eat "less fat, more corn syrup" processed peanut butter like product, but it's all my boss has. PROBLEMS, MAN.
Missing Chuck already? Check out Spy on Hulu. Not better than Chuck. But far better than nothing at all
It Ain't Nothing But Dudes Doing This
Ha! Just realized Mayor Menino might be a perfect stand in - we should make this happen.
They were supposed to get back today! I haven't talked to her yet though. I'm so excited, was counting down....
No, I saw your posts prior. I know his lefty splits are bad, but we needed that ground ball.
Those I have made. Yummy, and such a feeling of frugality!
We really hate that we have to have a certain amount of likes to announce big news/bring you guys new music. It bums us out. :(
getting things together for the event tonight!
“ I kissed a PUG and I liked it. ”
im so happy i finished that extra credit last night cause im staying for this test & ima need some help. lbs.
Thanks for following me Im a photographer/graphic designer make sure yall follow my page check out on FB
Could this take any longer? Stop partying and watch your own kids!
I am cueing up the Bootsy Mac!!!
#COSIGN RT : I'd rather argue with you on a daily than be with anyone else
At the Monona Dream Park with Carsten and Pretty cool place and zero tornadoes so far.
I love watching little kids race MX because their helmets are big on them and they look like bobble heads... xD
Thought it was ironic to see a sign that said "No guns allowed, not even if you have a CHL" at a gun show this weekend. =)
OMG my is awesome!
I'd cut everybody but Von if it were up to me. We blow.
thats legit bro!
“: just gave it to in 2k”I wrote that ur going to our practice on face book so u better be there.
OH DEAR HEAVENS
hi :D
The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve..The keyword here is SOME!!!
lt'll take a long time to learn how to root my Galaxy U,Which makes me put off having a superuser Permission in adroid until Feb 26.
Me and WILL NOT REST until and FOLLOW US!!
I swear all I think about is pussy and money! Lito
This really reminds me of the Lakers game last night. Every time the Lakers got close, the Nuggs pulled away. Same with OKC-Dallas.
LOL yeah it left Austin 2 hrs ago, guess it's going the speed limit
Dusting off and polishing up the ol' resume today! And it's looking pretty damn good! :)
gota get back on my twitter game now that all my homework is done for the week,
Excited and anticipating! Bless you... Ur welcome!!!!
Happy Mother's Day!!! :)
When I see females with a bunch of mirror pics, I wonder how many shots did they take before gettin that perfect shot.....
Hosting the #costar #buildingratingsystems panel in #Indianapolis with some brilliant people.
Ghost tours and the stake out in LaGrange are over, haunted houses are over - time to dig out and book some new investigations :)
"You must be smoking Dutch cleanser."- Arlen Specter. LOLWAT?
Oh goodie, cuz i was really hoping to seduce the boys of twitter. RT : that's hot
Property taxes are a violation of property rights anyway...there shouldn't be one! Be bold Governor
Continuing with that thought earlier... The right people that are good influences and are focused on moving forward.
is running against papa bear! If you want the stevekingisms to stop, please give her all of your support and money.
the only saved file is on 3/6/12 which I assume is my import from ME2
just so I can get fat and eat all different types of food lol
I wanna meet
Note: When copying & pasting text found online into your paper, making hyperlinks black doesn't actually remove the hyperlink.
#10thingsIFindAttractive 8. A girl who is a UK basketball fan
EXPERIENCED RETAIL PROFESSIONAL seeking District Manager position or higher for the new year! Please see my website: www.filmproces0130.m…
which dress do u like the pink summer dress or the red one
Midnight photo shoot last night for Sylva Dean & Me. Involved multiple wedding dresses and a parachute! On display fri @ white xmas!
You're the girl that makes my speakers go boom boom
Foul by Magic with 2.2 secs to go?!? What?
George Centeno & Dj Tatiana "Beautiful Day" available May 5th on Beatport. Can't Wait!
my new song is Love Faces - Trey Songz ;)
I'll be on the radio with Larry Ahrens on 1550 KBTL this Thursday morning, 9 AM, talking about APPCityLife - join me if you can!
Early morning tweets have a fresh charm. Even manic sounds like a robin.
And we're switching to a new hashtag.
#winning RT : I feel like I annoy people.
do you have any links you can send us of your previous work?
I'm feeling really grateful for highlighters today.
Right. But you should love even more the fact that you have a boss --> job ;)
ALWAYS!!! The pictures always look professional so I thought maybe your hubs had an eye for a good shot :) Always fun to see!
New year, new faces, new things, new places.
It's a rainy Good Friday morning. Eggs are boiling to be colored later. Lamb cake mold is ready for annual workout :-)
At the DC Statehood campaign launch.
how'd you do it?
we got a extra tix if u wanna go
thanks so much man was an awesome show!
Ooch. The AWP panel deadline is kiiling me. Doesn't AWP know that Grub Street's Muse conference is this weekend?
he may be too inhibited from campaigning, but would still be a great booking, but tough for writers
Didn't realize canton/akron airport was so far from Cleveland!! Sheesh
When's the last time a MKE County Executive was elected Governor? When's the last time a Wisconsin Governor was recalled?
RT : Taking yo clothes off don't make you a model..... Or an actress.
LMFAO I JUST DIED
Flyer promotion is hard...s/o to all the promoters grinding
yes I saw it when it came out on dvd
Checking out my new #HuluPlus subscription. App interface needs some work.
Check back with us and throughout the day as the times and locations come in for the high school playoff games this weekend
At Loonees for some comedy with the NAPA ladies!
Your living the California dream right now, enjoy the ride. You went from the east coast to the west coast just like tupac.
Come to the Maui Mall and get fit for FREE. We're having Zumba on Friday night at 6:30 p.m.
Dementors, of course, could chaperone the chaperones. "You underpaid that hooker? Then I destroy your soul!..."
How pumped was that #paulmartin scored thooo??
tears, tears, tears and more tears. It never stops
Hey Gerald! Thank you for having us - we had a BLAST. 826 rules!
Change is good and in praying for God's will in your life - be prepared to move and be moved as the ability to change is God's perfection.
I always love good morning texts they always brighten my day too bad he'll never see this tweet):
Flowers are nuts
Taking a trip to this Friday! I can't wait..... Gonna show them my talent on the turntables
Dallas doesn't know what's coming
Why don't you answer mee? :(
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
same here Jill..please let me know if there's anything I can do for you
RT : Today is the big day, we finally open ! Come check us out!! Good luck
Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame will induct 5 new members Saturday: Skip Hess, Mark Ferree, Steve Kroft, Kate Milner Rabb, & David Weaver.
Excited for the in NYC tomorrow! Anyone else going?
I've never been with a woman that wore the pants in the relationship cause I like my chicks in mini skirts.
Buffalo Chicken Mac from and Chicken Tikka Spice Box from HAPPY FRIDAY TO ME!! :D
Good game cards! Ready for Friday!!
nahh, just dm me your number
love you mom!!!
I need to find something to do 4th of July :/
1-0! wins again. Goal for Marco!
swagger all day! if cole had
Family travel can be hectic! Join next Monday to chat about mishaps, midadventures & random acts of kindness!
thank you for following
Thinking someone else will help? Others are thinking it too. Where does that leave us? The status quo got us our problems-lets change that!
Respectfully, that line of reasoning makes no sense. Bad policy=bad policy, regardless of weather over/under (bogus) budget.
you look like a mouse 🐭
Movie night with the fam.
Just realized the AMAs were on! Ok, I guess I'll watch.
so jealous! One of the best bands live!!!
Good day Milwaukee! Enjoy it while you can!
: thank ya muchly! YOU always make my day!
OK after looking into it turns out it was The Asylum, purveyors of your favorite syfy-channel schlock movies like PRINCESS OF MARS.
Reap the benefits of planning ahead - 50% off tax preparation from Convenient Tax Services, only on www.crowdclick.com!
Make sure you get insurance for it before you leave the lot. Call us, we can get you quotes done right, quick! 206-783-1986
Real friends leave you weird text messages to wake up to. I love it.
I Need A Charger! My Phone Is Dyin ☹
What r u going to accomplish today? I make it a point to set goals every day, it's a must if u want to be successfull in whatever u do...
On April 24th, 2007, Iceland announced that Norway will shoulder the defense of Iceland during peacetime.
huh?? Eliot is mentioned like everyday as Mr. Sexy? cc
been following blakeeLa follow me
I hate how its raining I really wanna do something today -.-
Those things I say when autoreply takes over in my Iphone emails :) Told my daughter her son was a superhero and it said he is a sewer.
you can be my wingman anytime. Heh heh Seriously gimme a call after the new year we can chill.
...and has a meltdown. Drummers. Sheesh.
Hartman is honored to be a finalist for the 2011 Small Business of the Year Award!
Kingdom Come? RT : What movie us this? LL is the son. Whoopi is the mama. Vivica is in it. There is a funeral?
He sounds just like Josh Groban. woah. Blown away.
i meeshed you.
Photoshop Tip: Hold 'shift' while dragging layers from one canvas to another to maintain the same position. Thx
The universe is expanding. Now I'll never fit in to my Jordache Jeans.
yay! Thank you! maybe I could come by this weekend? I've got lots of yogurt cups to get started!
#westcoast - so proud. just don't get too strung out on compliments or overdose on confidence
“What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give.” - P.D. James
Cleaning your car this weekend? Check your windshield for chips before washing or you could end up with a cracked windshield
Houston-Austin-ATL-Bmore-DC-Milwaukee-LA...I think this is a new record!
I gave a heads up about Winnie painting on FB. If we get a lot of interest, I will give you some cash to do extra prints.
its good i got two fts nd a new single thats finna drop all 3 bang
Been a tough year for Fairfax-Hollywood area folks. First the carsonist fires, now floods. Look out for locusts come August.
i'd like to thank all the folks involved w/ 's trivia win last night esp & myself obvi
Check us out on Facebook! UNCG SLC
i love what u doin wit your music. You inspired me to speed up when I rap! Keep killin it!
I bought mine slightly used from some dude in NJ on Amazon so pretty sure I am screwed but thank you!
>>> Better song for to walkout to, Stay Ready or Why you bullshittin?
"I write when I have something specific to say." -- great stuff this week -- Thank you!
Thanks so much Jean. I love hearing about how parents and professionals are using So Much 2 Say.
Groupon should file for a patent on daily deals presenation. This is getting out of hand.
Take advantage of Tax section 179 depreciation before it's gone. I have 28 Brausse machine models that would qualify for whole depreciation!
Cant even sleep . Idk what to do . My chest hurt . Ugh .
I want some more nikes
Explore the info we have gathered at our Population Pages, Links to learn about different populations. Which ones do you have matches to?
definitely... �D
Wunderkind is sitting pretty in my office. No big wigs in there tho. Looks like he's facing the windows stroking his rifle.
I love you! <3
Now that's how you start a season!
Todays one.of those days !!
Player voters put too much stock into potential. Thus, AJ Green ranked higher than Hakeem Nicks & Jordy Nelson.
Please. Stop. Tweeting.
NP. I think I need to start watching that show. ;-) happy Friday!
Congrats to Bellarmine University men's basketball team for winning the NCAA Division II Championship!
My entire TL is about baby Copeland Quinn omfg how does everyone know she's being born now?
actually the EP is about a year and a half old! We r MUCH MORE mature now! We hope to record our new (better) material soon!
Right nothing but a whole bunch of fake bitches trying to tag along
Business Writing Class: Assignment will be posted tomorrow morn on blackboard.
Congratulations U of Maryland eastern shore. NCAA women's bowling Champions. 2012
But on you.... I'd probably say Red
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!👊
Okay folks we have 2 more hours TO MAKE IT COUNT FOR KIDS at Tennyson and we need at least 1k per hour! 720-855-3247...we are standing by!
hahaa !you guys are hilarious !
It actually never got finished. It's a long story, but needless to say that's part of the reason it's one of my favorites.
Wow today was my 3rd birthday on twitter. I better tweet myself to something nice
the unitards should come with a warning: don't drink loads of water and then go to #yoga class :-)
They demonized Carl Poston, yet Charles Woodson, Ty Law, Penny Hardaway, etc are VERY wealthy!!
Happy New Year Everyone...Happy New Year, Happy Jack
You got all that from a drive-by? You really are an amazing reporter! Safe travels.
Yep - doing another TdF print this year, it will be up on the site for preordering when the Tour kicks off.
We love you mothers!
IL - Its OK, personal decision - use discretion and be professional - Cant wrap my mind around being FB friend with a student
stress stress and a headach that wont go way
not in love . loves in me .
ABC's #OTR interrupted by local miami news... fudge. Back to E!'s dubbed RC
Can it just be tonight already??
We R proud 2 call CNX a partner. RT : We have signed an MOU w/ the West Hills C6 Consortium 1 of the TAACCCT grantees!
a vexing quandry indeed
#NF #teamfollowback underdogs always end up on top!
that's on my cursor think that's the kind of thing u gotta build up too, think thats like the apex, I'm still in Double A
Newly uploaded Nation Lab Network Pics! Come see us in action on our new facebook page- National Lab Network
I can't stop laughing for no reason
just saw your dad!
shout out to follow this kid :) thanks
Where do you send your "old" non-custom bikes after you've moved on to a new rig? This common citizen is curious.
I am really enjoying this website thing :) Thanks for showing me the ropes!!
#bcitmktg Thanks for letting us know about the mention. What was the topic of the lecture?
you're really a hammer-wife has gone through what you
The English accent. Yeah, doing it again. I don't care how annoyed people get; come at me bro. ;)
I'm the only person at my table -___-
this man has the largest calves in the world ..
Listening to a panel on "what's working in social media in sports" at the IMG Sports Sponsorship conf. Twit me ques/comments to ask them!
To be honest I don't think my friends ever saw me cry before.
Agree; when I'm out of the country and somewhat "disconnected" brain is more focused - clear. But plugging in also necessary.
hope you are having a great time!
hey how was your thanksgiving?
we loved having you Come back anytime.
Glad you said it! RT : Shut da hell up RT : I'd rather stay friends with benefits until we're ready.
RT this for a S/o :)
Seattle is great! Once you get over the rainy gloomy days its Beautiful!
ouch Ryan, don't follow me</3
Thay sad moment when you're out of salsa:(
NO NO NO NO!!! I can't believe they sent home!! :(( afgjjrnrdksnfsjicehjk
urs or mines
Can u help? Getting runaround from #chase re: short sale in process for 6 months. #chase claims they are waiting on u. Need help!
LOL SERIOUSLY? He did the same to me and I finished my review yesterday....
Lately life's been tough on me but I just keep playing this in the back of my head: You can make it through anything if Magic made it
I can't respect someone who judges people off of what their friends say.
“Your task is not to seek love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” -Rumi
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year
Give me the strength not to strangle my first 2 teachers. 🙏
I hate soup. I shouldn't have to drink my food.
Chicago Bulls #Bulls win \../\../
RIP to the Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch, another music pioneer gone too soon.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Barry Weintraub
When u see gas at $4.239 (not an arco), u fill up!
Good morning you guys!!! How is everyone this morning?
legacy system, founders syndrome, old and in the way.
I just got a phone call from the automated do not call registry.
I just blocked someone and reported spam. That felt good.
Glad that Culture Shock moved to today. Good choice, Wet giraffe is not a good smell.
Look, Barbie! A big ugly man doll!
so do i
in front of Med-Dent helping students support and !
Looking for a San Diego Painting contractor ? Call Mr.D's painting we have been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. 619-562-5848
“: Barnes & Noble > Matt Barnes”>>> puhahahaha right mop ass
Thanks for coming out! Loved having you there! Always a great addition to
Do y'all have anything interesting going on tonight, or just laying low?
Never eat a mcchicken when you're in a rush and driving. The mayo will get all over your clothes and make it look like jizz
Thank you! Stop by and say hello! RT : thanks for the follow! Store design looks awesome
thank you! can't wait. your track is fantastic, thanks for sharing. congratulations!
If you're contemplating a visit to Waikiki, stay away from the Aqua Wave hotel. It's been the most disappointing hotel stay. Super8 is nicer
We are looking to use this to provide Value Added messages to companies interested in employee wellness.
First sale of the day and he bought 2. Woohoo! Gas money.
I didn't study at all for the EOCs.
I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
I love Tweets so much. They relate heavily to my life!
It's game day! Last day for the
Leaving the tailor, suits gotta fit right when I rock 'em... Getting suited and booted for mom's retirement celebration this week
RT : I need some new haters. The old ones are starting to like me - Ha! Ha! <<Now that's the TRUTH!
you always running late.
RT : He who forgives ends the quarrel ~African
I tried out for Jeopardy once (I was just happy to answer all the Qs). Went to taping too. Trebek is a goofball irl. ;)
home rune scare? Please advise.
Hm, wondering if we have to feel like the tail-end of a stuffed opposum? Oh wait, it's just me!!
Had a good move in and now catching up on some reading.
Lets make Baby Armani my profile Pic until I can find a new one!
Your toasted marshmallow shake at last night's #sugarandchampagne was the highlight of my night. I had seconds!
imma keep lookin, but yeah lol :P sorry to hear that...
: yeah, no choice. Historians are verbose.
Just have the feeling that will follow me today(: Know it's tough to get noticed with 200K Mahomies, but NEVER SAY NEVER!
I think I'm going to tonight, which I shall treat as the kickoff to the birthday gluttony.
i love old people...we ran into this dude on the subway and he was telling us his life story
: We've updated the underlying templates and code base to madisondotcom and our other brands so we're building out the pages.
I hate Math Homeworrkkk! -.-
ha! I don't disagree. I think Mew is in the studio now working on their next record.
My little cousin's first word was BIEBER now she's running around sayin "BIEBER BIEBER" so Cute
Just Trying to make it to football season..What's good? RT what's good my dude?
he's just breaking it to you gently.
Have you seen wrinkle lips
Someone was very concerned that there might be a nasty blog post about them!
Anyone from Chicago at fantabuloso?
I've said it before and I'll say it again. There's no such thing as good karaoke without sake bomb shots.
Doing what you doing just to get to where you goin yea I see you baby just don't lose yourself along the way
Took me a while. Answer was Uranus...RT : yeah. just remembered i drew a butthole last night.
Arteriors Intros iPad Sales App Furniture and accessories supplier Arteriors will introduce an iPad sales app that offers a streamline wa
Work Vietnam to WWII. Big focus on Vietnam, then Korean War.
so you're either putting on the Kiss monster or kitty cat makeup for the day, right?
I've stayed there before (for my bachelorette party last year). Enjoy Downtown NYC!
#raktryingnottoswear is not a legit TT.
whoa thanks for seeing it without me!
this song i m playing >
little girls , close your legs & open books instead ..
That sounds fun! It was so beautiful out on Sunday, what a great way to spend it and
RT Could anyone else say they were the strongest member there? Nope.....at least you arent bitter...lmfao...
If you can't make it to Miami for this year don't miss our “Can U Feel It” – The #UMF Experience in select movie theaters on March 22!
Hey how r u poor asian....i hope u r not still dreaming about being in amsterdam
After busting my a$$ for the past several weeks, i finally have 3 of the next 4 days off and now i am coming down with a cold :-( FML
Not the best ones ever, that's for sure. Glad they're over too... Got a little blogging in lately... feels good. =D
Scurrrr wait what get the fuck out of here with that haha😂
The Celtics beat Atlanta to stay 1.5 games behind Philly. The are still 3rd in the Atlantic.
I would also argue Vick and Joe Flacco over Cutler. Depending on how much you care about running, Cam Newton
I'm so glad my BFF is moving home tomorrow 😃
any idea when these dates are coming? think I'm wearing out my refresh button...
You are a big meanie. *stomp foot* *pout* Anyone up for 3:30 time out on Monday ?
easy couch, down boy...
ive got some things in the works so it might not be too long!
's GOLD COLLECTION 05.01.12 hope you're all as stoked as we are!
Is there a way to make the radio shows longer so that you can take call ins?
I am STILL wiped out from yesterday. Need to build some endurance for all that Vanna-ness!
Hey.. I didnt say congratulations when I seen you last time.. so congrats!!!
so since I have ATT Uverse I can't watch the game #smdh ...pathetic
Ok,how are you?College is very sharp&I'm proud of your fight for yourself.What are you studying?
Wherever you go, there you are. Quoth Buckaroo.
Thank you Steve Jobs for a lifetime of inspiration.
you scard of dick with yo gay ass
Must be old age but today MayDay my heart beats for Jesus and His Work to love me and b faithful even when I was faithless and unlovely
aww..thank u!!
Happy birthday to my best friend Vic Semelsberger. You are the best. I love you.
Thanks for the shot out... 2 months ago! HA!
you need to delete some friends on xboxlive
T-shirt hierarchy: Fave shirt > old shirt > nightshirt > pillowcase
Pumped for the festivities today. Bring on the knowledge ya'll
Attention U-Swirl VIPs: Don't forget to bring in your keychain this week to get your special discount!
it was off & on, then off for about an hr, but now back on.
Thanks to for the follow!
Im so happy with Oliver
Yes! RT Good news downtown MIA RT COMING SOON grab & go breakfast at Downtown location w
do you have the address for tomorrow's event? Can't seem to find it online ;(
yea lol. But yea that's my hood
I just want a hot dog and lap dance...
Pink is definitely your colour! ;-)
thank you! I hope your day is great as well :-]
Free Khader Adnan. Free #Palestine. End the oppression and the violence. Viva Palestina
Poor measure of service
Just get your ass back home.
“: Good night with ”---> agreed
When Do You Go Back To School ? :)
Make sure u check out this weeks edition...Whiting turner lands $181M federal contract...lots more breaking news & info
I want to clarify, it's NOT the idea or technology behind #WiMax that's bad. It's the company selling it that is HORRIBLE --> #Clear =
Thinking I'm not going to make it into work tomorrow morning
ALL NEW Gossip Girl
don't get beat up
Urban Meyer + being native to Ohio + Recruitment skills + Coaching talent + Institutional Control = Tradition & National Championships!
u peep the dudes int the background tho??? LMAO
“: Congratulations to our #NYR who have clinched a berth in the 2012 Stanley Cup Playoffs with tonight's win!!!”
Everyones stupid to me until they prove me otherwise
you can hope...
Las patojas de la capital son tan ridiculas, bueno... algunas e.e
I meant hallowed be *thy name. #typo whoops.
weren't 3 of those pujols hr against tx in game 3? Or is that not in post season?
cool photo! did you take that?
We do follow you guys! We love 9th Ave Saloon especially Karaoke on Wednesday nights!
It's official. My sister in law is in labor. I'm going to be an uncle today on my birthday!!!
DON'T FORGET TO COME OUT AND SUPPORT THE CANDIDATES during their DEBATE/MISS SU REVUE in F.G. CLARK ACTIVITY CENTER at 6pm!!!!
Hey ! Thanks for suggesting us to DM us and we can chat :)
Designated hitter Victor Martinez (Detroit Tigers) suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and may miss entire season
thank you for the blessing gmg1961
I love Madison's deep voice! Omg I always have and always will. (:
you are welcome! LOVE your blog!
Nashville *tomorrow!* Can't wait to get into some bachelorette trouble with !
you are just trying to get retweeted aren't you?
oh I'm sure I could help you out“: Hey ... How does it go??? "I'm eating buttercream frosting off a spoon because .......”
Not okay RT : still gotta upload some pics from my vacation will do soon :) universal studios orlando :)
Congrats to all our winners, the prizing courtesy of our amazing sponsor Be sure to watch #SYTTD this Friday at 10pm!!
Thanks :D
#CQ5 caching problems are going to be the death of me
Brewers fans aren't ScRubs
Retro-chuckle here. We thought we were so "high tech" back in the day! What will the pic 30 years from now mock?
Some people need a huge slap of reality... in the face.
Front cova, back cova, pine, pages, titoh page! - my son, reading a book to himself
that is Crazy, maybe she needs to be her own agent because she is way to big in her own mind lol
Please do, that'd be awesome!
Prom saturday, excited 😁
Thank you You should try to come out for one of our events May 20 we have A&E Paranormal Cops & Open Key then lots of concerts
Words, words, words.
this one is so bad! there is always a huge line, and the self-checkouts are alwatys broken.
Keeping my distance.. This could work out. Goodnight. :)
hi im karen and im an ACON. will you notice me?(:
Thanks for following! Love your guys company and overall feel
wats the deal baby its ya boy franchise i need to get u bak down here wats the deal
I have a tendency to do that...
Definitely bracketbuster Saturday...
Well, I give them credit for being close. It is like learning a new language to understand higher ed.
I kno its prolly late but yea I would like to be part of your promotion
haha! He was a welder there! And I (Tyler) also went there for commercial arts!
I'll make Andre take one when he gets here. It feels so light!
The Amazing Spider-Man(TM) Swings Into 3D Virtual Action As Sony Pictures ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Just worked out for the first time in a week and a half after an abdominal strain. Nice to know I can still fight a bear or lion if I must.
ice cream paint job?
Out and about on route what a beautiful night
The fries at need to be designated a class 4 narcotic.
RT : Some big brands are taking on #mobile but aren't seeing results. Read why in 's latest research...
I'm in the mood to do somethin tonight. Any takers?
Just leave me alone!
Heard from some German fans that Moby was spinning some party slayerz over the weekend. Thanks Moby!!
This eliminates multiple parts orders and repeating the administration cycle.
well that's just dumb…you both have the SAME GOAL. (+ she only has 3,000 sigs.)
Now that that's done....... time for Burlesque!
"Thank you for being so fucking cool, Milwaukee." - cc:
Hey Matt<3
Yeah , i'm smiling , but you're not the reason why anymore . ∞
Cannot continue to watch the news out of #Syria. Get Assad out of there now.
so whens the wedding? ;)
Such a beautiful morning--bright and just slightly gloomy--makes it so hard to get out of bed >_<
Keep up the awesome sound. You got it going on!
SIGNATURE LIVE~~~~Tonight at 8pm......The sun is shining!!!!! It's going to be a dancing good time!
come come mr. bond...
Yes!!! Will you come?
Bonamour video shoot today in Dallas today. Stay tuned...
wait is that u? lol i didnt realize it til i started to laugh :)
Really sucks my phone off...ugh!!!! cant even call Netlfix...
Your tweet that this situation has been resolved, it has not been resolved for me. I have refreshed, rebooted nothing
