um the love is mutual!
No one can butcher a chicken joke like my daughter.
Click austin mahone.... vote.... refresh. repeat.
Last week of HS volleyball. Division matches coming up nxt week... Cannot miss volleyball!
It's raining so sweet, and I can't find the strength to get out of bed. I'm possess by the rain drops as they fall against my window.
I used to collect souvenir pennies and I think I ended up giving them away before we moved several years ago. Now I want them!
Serious question for - why do so many of your books end with the death of a main character?
Yeah does
*sheds a tear*
Wishing I was home today! #homesick RT : "All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother." -Abraham Lincoln
#Redshirting: Keeping #Children Back to Give Them An Advantage. Quackery: When Are We Going To Let Them Be Who They Are!
I'm glad I am in there now
“: it was babe” no way!! This guy sounded old!!
Everybody that replied and said they're interested, please check your Direct Messages for details! "Not a giveaway* Helping a friend sell.
its only an extra ten bux for the M&G?? Cheap...how much for a pvt view of scott eatin dinner??
Thanks for the rt! Maybe your so-cal networks can help us fill a date.
Awesome! We'll find her! RT : I didn't catch her name she had a black jacket from allied health science group.
Well survived writing 2 essays..
I fuckin hate Future. If I listen to it I will laugh the whole time.
There are worse ways to spend a Sunday afternoon than getting sucked into watching FotR on tv for several hours.
They're still there. All 7 piles.
Last night I dreamed that & I used taxidermied squirrels as finger puppets @ the Cs RnR party; deserved to be there.
I wanna go so bad. Tell dad we should go for vacation. Haha
do you take reservations for a table on the patio? Or is it first come first pick?
I'll be there! I feel really bad about not being able to make the last 2 I believe.. :(
BYE cover > 1D original
good evening twitters!!!`
Whoa- that just reminded me that Bill Murray was in my dream last night..driving a smart car. How random?!
I'd rather be broke and happy than rich and unhappy...shit I'm lying.
Ima just change my shorts soo i aint gotta go thru no more trouble
what is your concern? just curious.
So the President believes gay people can get married. But as a Muslim, does he believe lesbians can get divorced?
last chance to see jesus!
RT RT!! Christmas savings in full effect !!
Anytime. Thanks.
nope. it's 75 and sunny.. gonna get like 90 today and it's only 7 in the morning
The moment the heated seats kick in.
Any google analytics integration geniuses out there?
rescue me from everything.
want an idea of what we do? youtube: GBWVisionInstitute !!!
oh. those kinds of tools. i wish i was as handy with those as with the digital ones :)
In such a great mood!!
Mobile Apps Developers needed in #Denver and #LosAngeles #jobs Top dogs who've built & sold stellar apps needed!
From , Director of 'Rubber' Comes 'Wrong Cops'. A Short Film Starring to Play at Director's Fortnight
I couldn't care less who wins the NBA Championship as long as it ain't the Heat. The Lebron jokes are too funny. They can't stop now.
There is a sound in the restaurant , someone keeps playing it . OH MY GOSH . shut up it's driving me crazy . lol
but it's actually been a lot warmer lately.(:
totally bitchen article about nuclear fusion, thank you for writing it Pat!
And going for big hits instead of tackles. #packers playing awful in all phases right now.
Firefly it is! Woo Hoo!
Is it EVER going to warm up in Wisconsin?
she told me she was working on calling me •-•
Just passed Shuttle Enterprise still docked to the 747 mothership at JFK. Pretty cool.
AZ bound in less than 24 hours. So excited!
Just ran around the bay and now lunch in a Little Italy cafe
Have that quote on my fridge. It's the BEST!
Slept from 830 last night to 930 this morning.
I can't see them coming down my eyes so I got make this song cry
Did you know? will be serving up a hot meal around noon today. See some1 in need? They're welcome at
oh my goshh , call of duty is so addicting ! ugh ,
No equitable, compassionate health care for the richest nation ever.
Sorry to have missed you today. Thanks to your excellent organization it went really well! Hope you and the family are all...
Pete Wentz and Ashlee Simpson are getting a divorce...to every Fall Out Boy fangirl obsesse; your dreams have come true. XXD
5 hours of coverage of the World Series of Poker from ESPN2? Mite as well just watch cribbage on TV. Or Backgammon. I don't get it.
1970 – The #Beatles' last album, "Let It Be," is released in
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
Thorne Avery new country artist
I told you. Portland with &
“Sink or Swim” is # 1 on iTunes Singer/Songwriter Chart!!! Check him out
He'll think it looks great like and I do.
. I'd pair the Reserva with pulled pork. Yummy, yummy!
Teardrops tattooed under the eye are the new fad for front end help. Lucky, a cashier in National City, had two.
you should come to Chicago
Thinking about starting a semi-regular review of various Netflix watches... Any thoughts on what I should go for first?
I can't...I feel like I can't breathe...:(
Ain't that a bitch! RT HuffingtonPost If you're worried about student debt, you may want to steer clear of state schools
dang... I'm out of bubblegum > _<
We are as different from ourselves as we are from others
At UWM, attending the Nonprofit Leadership Student Association's 2nd Annual Nonprofit Networking Fair!
Ah good tweeting golf today! Norm have you considered tweeting Formula1? ... I think you are just what #F1 needs!
Chocolate cake crashing. Right now.
Stop acting like you've paid for anything for anyone else in your life.
thanks for
"Validate" all competitive drills with a free throw at the end (Vance Wallberg)
I can't hear this staff training webinar. Is that going to be a problem?
this is not an uncommon situation, his go-tos are bathroom stalls and wherever food is located.
Hi Gerry, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Raining outside in Boston :p how are you today?
Totally covet your fireplace...
And yet relationships don't seem to be getting any better. As usual we are encouraged to spend money and get nothing in return.
Tastes of SD dishcrawl, one of the featured items will be lemon beef! Can you guess what restaurant is serving this?
my minutes r running up but i'll be on soon so we can go out ;)
What about now?
Groves has certified caregivers on duty 24 hours a day.
i didnt really like Michael Jackson, he scared me.. but i still respect that he was very talented
uh duh! haha. sometime after prom.
please help me and RT so i can get more followers (: thanks.
Know when holograms will catch on? When price point drops & we can send them in lieu of ourselves to holidays.
Which Themed Hotel Suite Best Suits You?
follow our personal 1d twitters!
Libraries are too important to not have leaders everywhere, & somethings are very critical, and we need to step into them w/ courage
happy b-day boy
We're playing tonight at Vaughan's (4229 Dauphine St) from 9pm-midnight! Happy Jazzfest!!!
At Show me the data! Faculty looking for libraries to help student find data, rather than train in software
thanks for helping spread the word.
i like how you think!!
Oh no! Ready OK! LOL RT : #BringItOn is a #trending on the #Twitter.. What, what?! RT
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
My new favorite hashtag is #NATOgeddon2012, courtesy of !
too bad ur team still sucks
cuz the #NBA and #NFL is in a lockout. goal
ok fair pt. just saying at some pt doesn't sentiment count 4 something?? He made them relevant. No cap to care bout w/o him?
how do you manage multiple profiles: G+, Twitter, FB etc How much time do you devote?
If you don't assess/grade they won't do it
Your website is getting better all the time. & are already looking forward to the Feb shipment!
(Thomas Bryan Eaton) you sounded great tonight! Thanks for playing :) & thanks for hanging. #Astoria rocks
I really should get a shower but Criminal Minds is so much more entertaining.
I have a couple of suggestions as to where NBC could put that Whitney money.
No Pulitzer for Fiction this year? Unnnnncool.
Zim, you've got head pigeons.
Great article and I loved how you are teaching your daughter to wait. I'm trying to find this balance of work/play w/my 3yr old
Ok. Bring it, Madonna! #holiday!
1/2-Japanese M and artsy F seek pals 4 all-night party where we rip open our souls & spear out tangy ego w/ cocktail fork...
You stay with us in the tough moments of reflection and confession, O Lord. You are with us, reminding us of all that sustains our community
"You're a moron." Love, Linus Torvalds
Hey you have a really great mobile interface for your collections!
I said I would head to the gym 20 minutes ago. Does this mean I'm not going?
I CAN'T WAIT TILL #PrettyLittleLiars !!!!!
You make my day brighter with that smile <3
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
Join Majic and our Afternoon Drive Host John Monds (14th & U Sts) @ Cricket Wireless today from 12p-2p! Plenty of prizes will be on hand!
These broads cannot train
#nowplaying grizzly bear ready, able. I love this song.
Buying the bmw 6 series! #cominsoon #goahead hate on me, ull see me whiz pass u haterade muttherfukkas!
I want to see a fight.
Mary Jane, I'm going to eat your dank pussy so good.
Wisco only needed a 2 to win that game. Nobody is talking about that. There was no need for a 3...unless your plan breaksdown.
Final countdown! 50 minutes to go! Are you coming to 4047 N Milwaukee Ave to see what #sustain36 created?
Bryce Harper, join Lou Gehrig in having home plate be your first steal.
Arnold J of the EWHC (Ch) rules in Omega Engineering Inc. case concerning a trade mark coexistence agreement: [2010] EWHC 1211 (Ch).
I wish I could yell out some riot grrrl jams with and , so I'll just give a nod and toast Esme here in Madison.
What do you think the ’s chances are in the playoffs this year?
is evaluating Joomla for use with OpenPoe. Wanted to try Drupal, but only available in easy mode (required new domain).
New York City, center of the universe...
is so hott!!!! Dont think so? Beware, you have no life!!! BELIEBERS RULE!
helps what? Lol
Hola amigos, remember, passion is contagious...So live your passion
Who wants to hit the streets and head out for record store day? Any one??
: how's that third eye from swimming in the fox?
“: I kinda like that video. Ops, it's my video:)” great music sir!!!!
When you try to do good, Evil's present.
heckk yes and i know its gonna be really good. take your time tho, songwriting isnt something you want to rush :)
going to Austin 3/1. You guys playing anywhere that weekend?
haha did you check all the subways and olive gardens? Lmao
#McNulty to #LPR2011 - #Republicans typically draw 200 districts across country vs 50 by
women should earn equal pay for equal work
Not long until trip to #Emmendingen for big exhibition with , & Can't wait!
Sure, I'll give you a call a few minutes after 10.
i no I'm kinda scared
Honestly though.. Why is warped tour the only concert this summer
ugh so exhausted from doing nothing lmao
ah love<3
OMG! I'm SO excited for the Wellness-Resolution challenge Just the kick in the tuckus I need! :D
Can't wait to go back to Minneapolis tonight. I'm losing my mind in Iron Mountain.
Shake It Off is fabulous but they did a great job and the girls rocked my socks this episode.
Morning dolls. Must keep moving. Dont want to be on the sideline watching while others make progress. Focus + Positive thought = Completion
follow back?<3
That sounds like a fabulous idea.
Lots of great ideas for better collaborations this wknd at #AAUP10. Really appreciated the fun and info-packed DIY video session!
If the reasons happen to take more concrete form, or if you have any questions, we'd love to hear your thoughts.
It was made to look like the President HAD to make an immediate decision on this issue.
"What is enough?"
No matter how often I hear it, love it when people say "the twitter."
I did, Kota showed me! He's so freakin cute!
#TheSayingIs......LAdy In the Streets, Freak In The Sheets
Grab those turkeys!
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear President Obama wins landslide
That depressing moment when you realize that you are making your Sim exercise while you are sitting playing the game and eating french fries
your so amazing please follow me and question are you single?
Who the fuck does that, seriously? And why dint the fucking managemnt make them get the fuck up??? UGH!
Please tell me why everybody is making such a big deal over Whitney Houston dying, even a legend isn't immortal...
sit tight on the Every Avenue contest! One of the images that leads you to the paypal site isn't working just yet - working on it now! :)
": Revenge tastes so good to a #Scorpio."
; girl, i know! I'm glad you told me twitter wasnt blocked though, hahaa. Happy af.
Puck is down!
they new song sounds like trash
I have become an involuntary Taylor Swift fan. Not sure how this happened but I can't help but like the girl's songs. My apologies to metal.
hey -- can i dm you a question?
aww haylzzzzzz yea. pizza andcat butt holes. what up.
The most basic, time-tested health and beauty tip there ever was? Drink plenty of water and get at least 8 hours of sleep each night.
Thank you for your "Like," & glad you like the head-shots. Have a good night, & perhaps we'll run into each other soon.
Spilled coffee on one of my new fav WHITE dresses, took it off and washed it in the sink at work, hung it to dry, then put it back on...
Here's a tip, put some pepper spray on your eggs. One spray and your south of the border.
Seacrets OC on Memorial Day Weekend is the equivalent of Week One of the NFL Season
If you can't convince them, confuse them
I'm going to take a jacket tomorrow cuz half of my classes are either cold or freezing o_O
said he loves his Beliebers! we love you too ! (:
I just heard they played wmyb at junior prom.....sdcfvgbhgf
love it! That's what we want to hear!
all these kids in the rochester area are setting their houses on fire.
#CIAA what it do!!!!wit
Photoshoot with Artist- M$ MieMie and Party @ Club Prime in Dallas tonight.
I see what you did there.
When you wake up around 2-3am without any reason there's an 80% chance that someone is staring at you sound familiar?
who's talking about a relationship?
Happy Birthday !
So I gave up twitter and fb for lent and u know..I did not miss them a bit.
Paul's Boutique was the first hip hop album I ever listened to back in 5th grade. MCA RIP
Thanks man. Thanks for being a great friend and music bro these last couple of years. Music club 4eva.
Where's the nugget nectar? Shiloh grill is out
oh snap :)
You're my favorite diva. Does that mean I'm championship bound?
Right .... I think work would be turning it on or off.
you can do it! Bribe yourself by planning something really decadent for afterwards. Ice cream sundae, mani / pedi, whatever!
I was hacked! I mdid not send phony weight loss tweet.
Shout to the crew up at 10 West on the approval for MI tax incentives for a family feature shooting in Manistee/Ludington.
This wobbly ass table<<<<<<<
Go harry potter!!! Ily u u sexy beast!!
#ChasingTheSun is truly a great song. I love The Wanted. And your song Mi Amor. (:
“Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved. ” --...
Sounds great!
I know! But did you read the story?!? The guy was wearing a tie?!
I'm a fan, so I can't stand him (SBXL)... But even I have to give credit to a guy who brought it EVERY day.
First keg that kicks today we will replace with nugget nectar. Come by and help.
Can't tell if it's this 630 am committee call or the ides of March that's making me feel stabbing and cranky right now. I hope coffee helps.
Congrats on acquiring Any chance of a show in Scottsdale, AZ?
Louisville for a few hours then NY for less hours
momentsiwillneverforget me and got on the bus with no shoes on after running all over down town lmao goodtimes
RT : Making stuff available isn't enough. We must encourage use.
Making a Xtra Normal video
Back from a band rehearsal/meeting. Looks like we'll be touring again this summer! Might have to get the AC in the "tourbus" fixed this time
follow back
I want dates. I miss your pretty, pretty face and the ridiculous amounts of awesome that ensues when you're around.
What's more popular than a second term for Obummer?
Accident at 30 th on i 84 left lane eastbound
You'll likely only get one word answers. Although usually the one word is 'done' +1 #overheardatcanvas cc/
Great game Frenchi!
yes, awesome. (i've discovered that i now love coming up with good 8-pp paper topics. my own student days were wasted on me)
Thanks! RT : RT : Congratulations to Eight Associates & ProLogis for work on BREEAM Outstanding SusCon development
Pinky = thick yellowbone
You only want whats real you just never found it
haha European-style dog socialism!
I'm dying to read it too!
Storenvy. Best site ever.
need what lol
What's happ'n hot stuff!
Its all because you screwed up your sleeping schedule! Why can't everything just start later?
this status update intentionally left blank.
has made my decision on the upcoming presidential election. ...
You're going to be a daddy? RT : I found out some of the best news today!
Group for #Rockies/#Broncos fans chanting "We want Manning." Yes, Peyton in the house, but can he hit?
who eles u listen to do beside 1d?
At the baggage claim you got alot of luggage in your name & when you hit the ground check the lost and found cause it ain't my problem now
We need to link up soon and build.
a couple of info TwTs, Mariano Rivera: age 16 he graduated hs, was destined to excel at commercial fishing until a near-death accident....
LIVE!!! right now on Power98.3 THE PULSE!! live in the mix! stream live @ power983fm.com
Guess what babushkas
- no doubt! And #Shaq is in the TOP 5 of All-Time Great Centers!
Twitter is so dull when works the night shift.
Fresh Choice, I thought I had missed u , turns out I just missed ur dessert bar.
Jesus the Christ is trending, I love that :D
HAHAHAHA #UNO pd got bikes now..I gotta twitpic one of them niggas before I graduate
My wife refuses to watch Star Wars and agrees with the nonsensicalness.
dude get a life. Hang with the hockey people. Hope all is well on your end
RT : Life is all about the comeback. God bless Derrick Rose
Happy First Day of Spring!
Well it was for Britney Spears and...
idk, i'll have to think about SFA a little more but I mean I did pay for my housing already..but Naca-nowhere<<San Antonio lol
Like..c'mon..shut yo lil punk ass up and go to sleep.
Say hello to another prominent VOICE in New York. You might recognize it ...
Football time... Bye week is killing my team
I could spend a whole day and paycheck at Michaels.
Love the new look #LFC. Well done and crew
Cause I remember days we sat and pictured at all
thanks for that dude
Don't Forget, Post YOUR #1 Political Issue that is IMPORTANT to you on our Facebook page.. to win a YAS LOGO T SHIRT!
Favorite part of the day :)
The Thunder remind me of UK
My upcoming film, "FRIENDS," is done! Thank you to the cast, crew, and supporters for all their involvement in this project!
they got to do something about that... I got friends from high school that go there
The voices in my head are like a 5yr old. I don't have time to stab everyone, or set things on fire. I'm busy getting groceries.
Just met Marcia Gay Harden with
EccoloMedia 2010 Survey notes influence of videos; 48% of Tech Purchasers said video was Extremely or Very influential in purchase decision
I Got The Job
Fab brunch with old friends
Drillers saving grace is their outfielders. Third (or fourth) excellent diving catch of the night.
I’m feeling better now that it’s May – less than 90 days to Training Camp, and then preseason games.
Im sorry that I did lol
There is nothing I care less about in this world, than Kevin Jonas.
happy birthday, handsome!
Why isn't there a film shazam yet? Just point at the screen and shazam!!
RT "The pursuit of truth & beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain chldn all our lives." Einstein
Props to the University of Wisconsin folks that came up with the 12-player one. Simply excellent.
RT : Coming up this hour on Daily #FantasyBaseball with and will Pujols turn it around ?
That is great news. So happy for you and the family. The proof of the power of prayer. God is awesome.
My eyes are bleeding.
More fireworks in a bit!
This boy told me he is excused from texting me because "it has only been 4 days, no 3 really if you count the time difference" I'm in NY -_-
So sick...I'm litterally weak I can't move all I have eaten today was chex mix and a sandwhich...no appetite.
Just woke up from a nap. Xp
so us girls went to the bra & underwear section, & i found bootypop. so i put it on
Too many women's faces in art. #namsayin?
what was the best series
Just When you think you know someone they show another side!!
yikes! I'd be afraid to use it. :-)
that's good. So glad to hear.
☼ That cannot be safe which is not honourable. Cornelius Tacitus
We have our sponsorship packs ready !! If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us at Geroniamollc.com!
is about to be on #AllThingsConsidered on 91.5 Chicago.
First of December, that means Christmas is getting closer (:
When do you think Facebook will have 1 billion users?
work work
“: Holding her hand in public, is just another way of saying you're proud to have her.”
safe travels!
Y are u so damn grumpy? Not goin to work if ur trying to get some action sir!
I would wake up every night and eat a fist full of TUMS. Ice cream also helps.
Is that legal....lol
#random... REALLY why all the secrets to success gotta be secrets? If I ask you for the secret why wouldn't you share it?
Thks for tuning in to #nasi2012. Most sessions will be available in their entirety on YouTube next week.
"Some of us will do our jobs well and some will not, but we will be judged by only one thing-the result."
Psyched about starting my new role at BP. Learning technology all day long.
Guys can be so mean to each other. You think your just joking around with your friend but sometimes it's best to just leave them alone!
Best halftime show ever. Indianapolis is killing it with this super bowl!
You're amazing for this!
yes please
Hello there!
Last week of my career. I'm starting to get anxious : \
Bike rIde and a beer tonight! 6pm @ the shop!
Q: What would you get if you crossed a Jackass with Barack Obama? A: Barack Obama.
I'm a genius...its a dominant name
I have never noticed!
a big shout out to our pals at , , and for being finalists!! Congrats!
Riding out tonite wit da crew gna get wasted
In addition to cool people like and Beth I'd also like to say Happy Birthday to Louis Daguerre. :)
As Mr Wayne Gretzky said: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."
Baby if you don't feel good right now And your body hurtin' you right now You just need a shot of me I'm jus like medicine
Or Tic Tacs. Those are no longer allowed in the house.
Having hw on prom/mother's day weekend sucks.
haha you're welcome and Gwen I'm bringing you that $10 for half of Elis thing and bring your straightener plz
jamming out to s new EP. i absolutely love it <3
In 1962 who became the first #American to orbit the earth?
be there in t-minus 6 hours.
So you are just staying overnight?
Oh I get it, so Nicki Minaj yells then talks, then yells again...got it, ok.
me am amber r gonna fly over when they play you should hook us up with a tour I'll even put in a good word for u with amber
THAT CHANGE.... YES MAKE THAT CHANGE!!!! lol
don't rt me without following my gay stupid maid who woke me up this morning, also fuck ungrateful bums and Mexican laborers
Sometimes your friends get on your nerves without doing anything wrong.
Only 5 days to get ready for the weekend. We can help you.
All you pussies who aren't following and seriously need to get with the program
#ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause He has TALENT!
it's everything about you you you ♥
: Yeah yeah yeah!! 10 minutes from my house in GA...and I move to NC. Ugh!!! Have fun!!!
No school today. I get to say with my wife. She broke her ankle last weekend.
It's gonna be super serious tonight!
Watching the series finale of DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES...Kiss Them Goodbye!
Former Sun Devil Brooks Conrad officially called up by the Brewers.
Wow! Really!? I'd love to hear what extreme situation you think it would be okay for a TD to call clock a player.
It's one of those days where I go "I'm really hungry, I wonder if it's almost time for lunch" and then I look at the clock and it's 2pm.
oh yes! I only wish they offered that class when i was there.. I feel so unprepared
At Somerville station in New Jersey. There is no place to wait indoors. I am standing in the elevator to keep warm. #NJTransit this is bad
I'm outside hoe
(not every coach can win with talent???) Well...No coach can win without talent!
maine I been in yo city with fam and friends
Thank you (:
ugh. I dispise greyhound racing. When will people stop abusing animals and allow them to run for fun and become happy?
In NYC, the changing of the guard = the changing of the bus drivers.
cake is ready. :)
Sorry for your loss PC. “: Anyone who met pops would now how tough he was but also the most loving person. He was my No. 1 fan.”
Engineering IS human life; art is our commentary on that life. This the bridge b/w Kipling's Children of Martha & Children of Mary?
Individualized attention is the focus at US Title.
RT : Karina looks exactly like her daddy....wow-Yes
Had a good time talking UX at lunch with
u should b watching 1000 ways to die and stretching right now lol that's what I'm doing !
Just scheduled classes. I don't want to take 5 classes in one day! :(
": Minnesota was too live tonight!!!! First time here and the love was overwhelming.. Can't wait to come back!"
Hustlers Want A Jalex Wedding is the greatest tt ever
are you guys at supperclub tomorrow? :-)
What a whiner...who actually cheers for this guy? RT NFL needs full-time officials
No better time than the present! RT : Craving some Monicals, we gotta start going again.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.x
#cil11 Game creation tools: Scratch from MIT, Game maker, and Sploder (web-based). Games created in analog form first are better
Ms.Bor just pushed dillian out his chair
You need to upload another video on YouTube!! I love hearing your amazing voice! :)
AGNOLOTTI CARBONARA homemade ricotta filled fresh ravioli w/ snow peas, Bella-cured pancetta, egg yolk parm. sauce & toasted black pepper
ur boy V turned out to b a total dueche put me on blast on my page ;(
Great points for sure...and thankfully my car lights are on all the time. Thanks!
welcome to Colorado!
Collective delusion round 2
Junior Anthorpology Club meets Saturday, May 5th at 10:30 a.m.
Vegetables..soda.. hell monkeys swinging from trees lol..jus a few
LP JUST OPENED A XXXXL CAN OF WOOP ASS!!!!!!!!!!!
I always take life with a grain of salt. Plus a slice of lime, and a shot of tequila.
RT : Danish design duo Kasper Ronn and Jonas Bjerre-Poulsen have created a striking new collection of furniture.
Running around with my dad!(:
My man is a Freaky Cancer we get it in
LeBron needs to stop fucking deferring in the 4th quarter...MVPs dont pass on the last possession!
And we're planning to use it for Records Management eventually, but that keeps getting put off, and we'd need 2010
haha got her!!! will you get me a large coke tomorrow for 9th period? :)
. Tools like have helped me embrace hashtag discussions, because I'm freed from desire to follow everything.
Never have I seen so many unfortunate looking people
Following the plan following the plan... Yesterday everyone ate Ice Cream and I did not touch a bite! Are you proud of me?
Loves Selling Real Estate!
TWEET ME A # AND A QEUSTION AND I WILL TELL U WHAT ICONIC BOYZ U ARE BEST WITH<3!!!!!
I was mad at my bestfriend , until she bought me the sandals I wanted :)
Apple iPhone supplier warns of &#39;challenging&#39; quarter ahead
you'll be the first person I use them with. :)
If you're a visual artist - join at least one art association. Don't be a stranger - be connected - it's power to the artist
If your looking for some Vintage Levi's I have them at my Shop in LITTLE 5 POINT...... the Emerald Closet
never going to happen dear!!
happy birthday bud!
sorry the twitter thing told me you weren't following me. But I followed you again. Follow back? (:
Been having a kinda of month thank to the marvelous album but I'm feeling a bit of a morning!
I rather get money The legit way,but it gets hard. Keep on pushn.
one of my little cousins :D wat r u watching?
FRIDAY I love you.
I think it can be assumed. Lighting was incredible in the other one though, which is honestly why I was there.
Shmoovies was a rousing success last night. (Whew!)
That shower cleared my head and washed away residual concerns from the day. They are gone & I'm looking forward!!
you know I would have! Occupy #scms12;)
I sweated my hair out...had such a good time
I missed some of it but evidently Baez is hinting that it might have been Casey's brother Lee.
UMD has an outdoors club again? and I were once Pres, VP, Secretary, and Treasurer of the club. (simultaneously)
Mattress Firm to acquire 180 Mattress Giant stores in Florida, Texas
HOLY COW!!!!! shot to win the game! Jordan esk...?
Thank you! Appreciate the support!
My new grammar textbook instructs students carefully to avoid split infinitives. To avoid carefully? No: "to carefully avoid" is best.
Time for a haircut. Don't worry, ladies, the beard is staying
RT "I been watching you across the room all night..." "Why don't you go back there and keep watching?"
sup gurly...dont forget to workout today..gotta keep it sexy boo!
morning! “: Morning and c(_)latte hugs!!”
I will Fatima :-) Hope everything is going great with you!
yeah I guess :/ Im worried about what my blood test is gonna say
G Night People ! :D <3
#inplainsight Great final episode. Thanks for a great 5 years. Haven't felt this bad since M*A*S*H ended its TV run!
are you fuckin with me on tats yet??
Lunch time
TONIGHT: In Chicago? Stop by the Red Canary to see me sing with my swingin group. 8pm-11:30pm 695 N Milwaukee Ave. PATIO IS OPEN! $5 Wine!
“Courage is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use.”
yo nigga give me #RETARDED brain ...Shit... i feel #SPECIAL !!! lmao -Don Trip
running out of material? RT A Saturday night Twitter feed is the digital version of a breathalyzer.
Good stuff bro! Keep doing your thing out there... Proud of u homie!
Another 1st from the wknd, driver refuses to tell me where he's from. Doesn't know why people always ask that. More folks joining the cause?
(1/2) We let anyone who wants register. Certain events have limits depending; Last year we had 2,948 kids complete program.
Don't miss Dawn Weber and Electro Funk Assembly on Friday 9/3 and Soul Alliance on Saturday 9/4!
yup! Check your DM
"i like it like that"
Just downloaded Nikki Jean's new album. It is great - if you liked her on LFiasco's album, you'll love this work.
Watch your mouth sucka. My bad I was in and out yesterday. Sowwy :-)
wouldn't be surprised if I'm lonely for a long time...
you just said thanks like 10 minutes ago.lol
Moss rookie season was unbelievable! Never will there be anyone to have a rookie or regular season as dominant as his first.
hahahaha no doubt!
i am a list maker too. have you tried Evernote? life changing!
thanks for the
is this the has ever been? Is he scared?
Ways to make me happy: Miley&Demi duet and buy me tickets to a Justin Bieber and a 1D concert.
ur welcome... U r great!!
The best part about #winter is knowing that your fly's down as soon as you walk outside.
My studio is almost unpacked and set up. Really excited for it to be all done!
Hi Mr. Glover; I am having some Legal problems you can help me with concerning Ophrah..Can I e-mail you Bobby perry
it is helpful for the future - to avoid things like this happening again.
My pops literally drives 20mph...even on Germantown parkway...omg pullover and let me drive!!
Canada :) you?
Great show in Sheffiled this evening!
Absolutely LOVING this 'shitty' weather in
hey Hun can you please follow my new account on here
thanks for the nice plug Kelly!
Failure is not falling down, it is not getting up again.
So who is excited for our FREE show this Sunday!?
Just made an open-faced vegan turkey sammich. It was good, but not as good as Curly's (RIP).
NEW BLOG POST: I quit my job today! bit.ly/vxhWIT
me too?!
i've been neglecting twitter, bad bad me
ilysm! Please follow!!
Is this a challenge?
just bought season tickets! Can't wait for Rockies baseball!!!
Responsive Web Design: What Not to Do - Wired News
BOL!! That's it! That's the one!!!
OMG MINDLESS BEHAVIOR ADDED A IN STORE SIGNING ON NOVEMBER 19th!!!!!
You are all in my prayers. I can't believe that after all that Japan has been through, you still must endure more. God bless!
Smell it before you taste it!!!
Lots of tech support in the back - come find us!
TY for joining President Obama in standing up today for marriage equality! That is solidarity, brother.
It's a rematch, Giants vs. Patriots! What's your predictions for this year's Super Bowl? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
Richard Coughlan speaking on why #Robins School is an academic partner
' I'm suppose to be saving money . .
At this moment i should be having morning sex
RT : How will the #Olympics affect daily life and business in London? shares insights and contigency plans....
#HappyBirthdaySelena wish u the best this year!!! Lots of love for ya!!!
its embarrassing to say the least
More Fitness Crosswords: What is a 6-letter word people use to determine if they need to diet or exercise more?
TBH I thought it was some sort of Republican rally.
With ~850 friends on facebook it's time to show our twitter friends some love too. Expect a follow!
DEAR BELLA THORNE, GET YO OWN MAN. LOVE, DIRECTIONERS ALL OVER THE WORLD.
Strange... the OED (at least my Compact Edition) lists "sibling" as obsolete. I think it's a perfectly cromulent word.
Excellent NGP VAN session!
As both a parent & a teacher I find the homework expectations highly depressing. Kids have better things to do.
Buy $3 of scratch off tickets.. win $3.. get three more.. win $2 .. get two more.. and lose it all.
In love with two songs rite now you guys should check them out... She wants me by lil crazed and that girl ain't cute by young blaze
I do not care.
FOLLOW for an extra life.
what's happening out there? U look great!
things change indeed! where are you these days?
Did Matt Millen just use the words "smushing" and "smushage"? Does he think he's covering the Iditarod?
#Brewers terrible at bats today. I don't know how they can enjoy their day off in the bay tomorrow knowing they're playing this poorly
Nice cool weather stickin around the County; ok, maybe not the deserts where it'll still be 104 but mild for the rest of us - coast 2cloudy
“The bigger the dream, the smaller the competition.” - Javier Yunes, TEDxRosario
I'm just human
Happy T-shirt Day to You! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Feels good 2 b home had a really good time ready 2 call it a night sweet dreams everyone muaaaahhhhh
AMERICA!! Back to back world war champion.
While there enter your business card for a chance to win a free cake in our drawing!
A3. in addition to looks, should also have a good PR person to make your case.
Cator: Parents imp to education. Mobile devices go home and may be family's 1st computer
Id love to b the mono doctor on the #bachelor show. As much as they swappin spit, u know people gettin it...and I'd be gettin paid n OT! lol
The 2012 Leedom World Convention begins today. Welcome reception @ 5:30 in the Grand Hall, we'll see you there!
My wishes came true tonight at An Elevenses Event! Thanks for entertaining...
Who are you?
what kind of movie are you in the mood for? Chick flick, comedy, action, scary?
Cookies & cream ice cream and reading His Dark Materials on my sun drenched stoop is a great way to spend the day.
what if the president asked his supporters to put their money back in the economy instead of his $1B reelection campaign?
That medley certainly was a metaphor for world peace, I think we can all agree.
LET'S DO THIS, I have new friends!!
Very soon I will begin my countdown to everything new and different.
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to learning & sharing!
Check w/ and buy one for me too!!
I am here:)
so crazy.
One direction sesh with the girls lmao
Met with cherylamack and Konvict artist Ray Lavender yesterday, very positive meeting, looking forward to working with him on Jack Squad 2.
I still texted you after this!
": Once I stop giving a f*ck about you, good luck getting that back."
can I have your autograph ????
Yes! Mockingbird's is also phenomenal.
featuring ? Shit is ricockulous. Is that verse even real? Fantastic Job!
Great meeting today for WOO Wellness! Cheers!
I was wondering if that was still going on. Time to vote!
With physical collections, going back and forth, distant to close, and back.
Tri Met never even kept my id dude gave it back before asking me to step off the train and I'm all NO why are you DOING this A
I did that a few weeks ago, do you remember her name?
I really really really wanna see The Artist!
Sitting in a bunker... Here behind my wall
Congratulations! That's great! I enjoyed your post, too.
Thanks for the RT!
Opryland...not impressed...I prefer Vegas...
if we want her to call our parents then we should keep talking! What's my mom gonna do?tell me to stop? Haha okkaay!
any predictions for 7 more players the heat need to sign immediately?
is grooving to some funky music and glad to be heading up snow boarding tomorrow!!
Do you guys think Austin will do the Austream tomorrow?!...
ok hommie well I have studio time booked Monday and Tuesday let me know what's goodie
I'm a gazelle!
I love that is all
wondering why we party so damn hard
Getting my hair cut x) but I'm awaiting for my turn
sadly some people don't get that.
Don't worry you don't have to be from Detroit to be in your face about Detroit baseball!
although I will admit the odds of "gee he's hot, I hope he's gay" are a lot lower there than here :)
You fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, and you flirt like first loves, so obviously it's meant to be.
Middlegrounds key lime stack with pecan wafers drizzle in caramel
Like C's dad said in A Bronx Tale, "The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
Due to budget costs we may require our audience to tie a can to our outgoing string in order to hear our shows.
Watching Victorious And Texting<3
Thank You! Totally shocking and quite sad if true. (P.S. Thanks for coming to Comic Con & calling Erica.)
Maturity Doesn't Come With Age
You know Sergio heard you say he will never win a Major. Just wrong!! I say Sergio wins a Major before Luke ever sees #1 again..
Lol, that's just his voice :P Or how Glee wants to portray him(:
forgot to get the form
Listening to all the way to Portland and it is perfect.
What can you do when your up this late , staring at your ceiling ?
tomorrow I must see him again at there
Goin' to leave this brokedown palace, on my hands and my knees I will roll, roll, roll
#FF experts in helping others get
Bypass fans, the Georgia Lady Bulldogs are hosting Vanderbilt tonight at the newly renovated (and very cool) Stegeman Coliseum!
Having dumplings from the Rickshaw Truck at with Sloan Wainwright and Kate Campbell. We're rainy-day happy!
internet up when I got home...focused on parenting and reading rather than deal w/ network.
As long as people keep killing people, to stop the killing of people, the killing will go on.
Magiquest is definitely an interesting experience.
fat finger:-) CUZ
Just saw the Foo Fighters Back And Fourth Documentary amazing and inspiring!!!!! Wanna lock up the Band and record all new songs!!!!
I told em
Former #msf worker in Afghanistan asks why Taliban have attacked aid workers when they didn't do so before war on terror.
Get a rabbit. That way when you go to fight crime, you can yell out "ZachRabbit, Roll out!"
If anyone is coming to the show at the Riverside tonight, I'm on the 2nd floor pouring and select cocktails come visit!
8 miles during lunch in da rain! Came to work w/ straight hair; leaving work with curly.
do you have iTunes?
I'm not even at school yet and I'm ready to go home
The sign is coming down today.
nope, I'm afraid I couldn't make it. was on the road in europe. how was it?
In the studio with 2 live crew. We can't wait for you guys to hear this track
RT : WAKE UP & GO FOLLOW 1 of KC's DOPEST underground artist.. ..
probably not, but I will thank him just in case
Thanks for the Follow! Wish you a Happy New Year!
I want to do a story on it
Hope the event went well tonight. Wish I could have been there!
You want the last pair of Drake tickets?! has 'em at 5:26pm! Listen, text, win!
The Real Alliance
Full house for Richard Dawkins tonight.
Honestly, i think its funny that you waste your breathe talkin' about me. Got me feeling kinda special.
Amazing pieces, btw.
We're not there this year, but you can always find us online. Ya'll have #fun!
Well, no judgment day. Jesus needs new PR.
Why do I bother with this fucking team?
Sometimes,I look at the people I went to high school with, and it's like we're not even from the same planet.They're in jail, I'm in college
That's right!
Tip of the iceberg, friends. RT : Seriously, ? A seventeen-film Chaplin retrospective in the spring? Be still, my heart.
I tried to sell on Ebay using a drop shipper. the only problem is 5 other people are listing every single item
- Im not flirting.. Im being nice. theres a difference!
I wanna go to the Josh Ledet concert
Im not right here as somebody else
Omg. I remember that when I was a little girl and i watched this movie :)
Cleaning spree like a Boss!! Mrs. #Clean!!! Lmao
Seeing a bottle of milk that expires the same day we graduate >>>>
#smbmad Madison may be behind Milw for social media generally - but our social media organizations and are bigger!
sure if we get a free ONEBURGER song on the guitar
Changing what you do will change how you think and feel.
Oh no. I'm so sorry to hear that!
We could squeeze an A in there... but think about the costs to reprint all of the STEM documents... :)
FYI RT Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see.
Wake up sleeping people-check. Jersey on-check. Coffee brewing-check. We are ready to go. Come on Chelsea!!! Lets do this Blues!!!!!
Why Did I Get Married to because she's hot, cute, sexy, caring, loving, adorable, her voice, smile, eyes, and her (.)(.) ;-)”
A Hoosier, of course!!!
Thank you Brandon...
This Saturday?
Bears win in OT
just buy more! :)
what did the kid do to get stuck in the face?
damn I thought u were joking about Hawaii lol that's wassup!! Yeah it's gonna be getting hot af here soon
Join us for Happy Hour! You still have an hour left! $3 draft beers!
Craft beer gardens making their way to minor league sports stadiums. Nice.. Craft Brew Journal: Craft Beer Makes its Move on the...
i'm tracking with you.
Are you kidding me with that play?!
If I wasn't always at least an hour early for everything I'd have more free time! Hate waiting around.
Can I 'follow' myself?.. hehe
great job keep it up : )
“: Full house, #SoldOutSundays ” how we do
should have known you would back out! You are a punk and everyone thinks so that ain't on your payroll! Manny will kill you
as much as I would like to believe they can compete again...I just don't think you can bounce back from that...
RT : Moyer becomes first pitcher to have voted for Ike and strike out Ike.
Thanks much
i love having a house and coking every meal again!
#seo thinking of getting #seo ? we have been around 12 years... Call Us Today, Free Site Analysis, $200 Dollar Value - Limited Time!
R. I. P. MCA!! Lyrical pioneer & genius gone but not forgotten!
hmm go to our page on facebook, then click the band profile tab to your left, and the new songs are there :)
Half time: Magic 54 Celtics 36 - Ouch! Celts couldn't get any offense going too many TOs and easy baskets for the Magics. Come on Cs!!
want 2 wash my hair, its raining & wind blowing like crazy dnt want the power 2 go out & head wet. But I'm bout 2 cook b4 power go out, lol
I just wish I could redo today :/
Dealing with sufferers that make use of drugs also raises the risk of being exposed to communicable diseases
u seeing the same thing?
French Left Front's candidate argues for 100% tax rate for high incomes. Luxembourg & Switzerland root for him to win.
OMG Microsoft Office for Mac is taking forever to download on a cable connection… 992MB taking about 1 hour :(
Congrats to all the grads! let the next adventure begin!
awe! thank you! <3
Kirk Rossberg from Torrance Bakery to appear on TLC’s Fabulous Cakes on Sept. 14th – see him on TV and then see him speak @ #BoBNow!...
hehe! You both look cute! :]
hahaha omg how do you give it to Blake????
any of their burgers, I think. It's called "low carb burger"... Pretty much a patty wrapped in iceberg lettuce w/ the trimmings.
7:43 in NY, the #supermoon rises. I see a sky full of clouds. Meh.
"The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind." Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
so tired for no apparent reason.
thank you! big love xo
The food on the train was so bad... I couldn't choo choo it.
Jose Canseco is the first member of the 40/40/140 club. Power. Speed. Tweets.
ATTENTION! FEB19! "PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES+DRESSES AFFAIR" AUDIO BY + www.bowtiesanddresses.eventbrite.com
less than 40 followers to go before we hit 1k! lets see if we can do it by the end of today?? boom!
advice for startups: before doing the "business plan," do some "planning" before hand!
The next generation media companies will not look like the past. Via
Sometimes when the cat is meowing loudly for no reason, I'll go "Timmy's trapped down the well?" and then be sad no humans are around.
neither, I didn't watch the ustream, so I probably missed out on something. :( but, aww, I just want him happy </3
Good thing you 2 have Omens.. I figured everytime I show up, they're gonna win. No different today.
Just announced, Van Halen at the Bradley Center 9/25
Wowww this girl on the xfactor just gave me serious chills! Amazing voice!
Hate it when people try to cover up their gum chewing habit by smoking cigarettes.
I'm at the Phillies game
it's pizza night....& likely margarita night too. Spent 4 hours at a car dealer today. The gynecologist would have been preferable.
Post-wedding, I'm getting bangs and a tattoo.
RT : The HERD is headed to Denver!! Be at Jackson's on Monday!
Is Bored
evil caps!!! Bo
Amtrakin' it home! Happy birthday, America.
I just tried takoyaki (deep-fried doughy balls with octopus in it) for the first time. A+ would nom again.
People are so fustrating....
they r boys ! They wear shorts! 😠! My babies r vary manly
great, you?
Very happy to see Yonder Mountain String Band will return to #DesMoines to play Simon Estes Amphitheater on July 5.
My friends are weird .. But then again they probably wouldnt be my friends if they were normal ... Normal is boring .
Backatcha! RT : Laying down some vocals and overdubs at J Bird Studio. We're missing like woah, though.
Is Toby from The Office doing the clock at Assembly Hall?
What happens when you put a light saber in water?
I feel so ashamed. QT : Or just Satan's soccer mom.
cool. check out the silly video I just posted for Seattle Strut!
Hate facebook stalkers... :/
You know the cats would just end up sitting in the box it came in.
Smoke a blunt , the only way I can escape from my life .
This is the first time I think I've ever actually drawn the TARDIS.. it's basically a party, where every parallelogram is invited.
Big game for the Cats today! Lets go.. Must win game! Love bball on CBS this time of the year!
Big presentation for work tomorrow AM which means attempting to stray away from work and relax tonight
ha yes. My commute this morning was a real treat to say the least...
Today's musical and cultural discovery: Selda Bagcan, a 1970s female Turkish psych-folk-rocker and activist (nod to WFMU's Scott Williams)
Twitter won't let me sign out.
Brrrrrrrrr!!!! Tying to get warm after doing the Holiday Parade!
The YOURS Store in Hampden is Open. Gladys Ceal and Concrete Nature are having successful weekends so far help them close out in style
Welcome! W&G was my favorite!
I know right, it's going to be a blast!
If you're trying to get an ethnic holiday into the American mainstream, you might want to consider adding in lots of beer and tequila.
is a monster on the beats dis nigga got me stuck on dis on track he made lol
shame on you, and the poster.
Seriously, to hell with these ice trays. I'm going to plan a trip to Atlanta or New York and get some goddamn decent ice trays.
Still trying to get the camera to work on my computer... apple can go suck it! hahaha
I'm not suprised Logo beats Current TV in primetime ratings. That RuPaul's Drag race is one hell of a show.
I wish, but it's just me doing it so a costume would just make me look crazy.
Let Brooks know we all say congrats from Chicago.
Night twitter! Guess im gonna cry myself to sleep because im sad and pissed so yeah! Night guys! <3 x
Is it bad that when you say "blizzard" the only thing that comes to my mind is Dairy Queen? #YesI'mFromTexas
Thanks for the FF!
I think that it sold for like $650 if I remember correctly.
whaat up ms. follow me back
New Girl cracks me up! Love it!!
If you loved me, you would not hurt me.
lol the things you say crack me up
I have a dirty mind.
Thank you. Xo
I'm over lol
#MyBiggestFlaw Is Knowing What mite happen next Before it Happens and whatching it Happen
our pleasure! & I hope you like TREASURE ISLAND
My eyes been watering all day…i think its tears i wont let fall forcing their way out…
almost done painting Lou Gehrig on a baseball for ALS charity event
I've never seen that show. I was going to watch the remake on TNT, but now that I know it's all a dream I guess I won't. ;-)
Tomorrow is going to be a good day :)
Yes, I do it all the time. Partly because the novelty of 3D Glasses wears off about 20 minutes into every movie except "Avatar".
“: Why don't you tweet a link to Fletcher's response? Seems like your one sided.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more
I hear Trader Joe's is coming to PIttsford Plaza next year.
Dear Teachers, Don't Start Talking About Next School Year When This One Is Just Ending! I Don't Wanna Think About It!
Very much so - reminded me of The Stand by King. Listened to the audio version and does an awesome job narrating.
An 8 year old girl competes with the big boys at Competitive Eating event today. See how she did on KEYE's 10:00 news!
love love loved it.
Tiger Driver 98~!
Everything in my Artfire Studio is marked down 50%! These prices won't last long and the Holidays are coming! notnilladesigns.artfire.com
Watching Project X because Matthew Broderick is sexy.
They aren't that cool... but if you need resources - it's a good start!
Internationalization + Localization = Website Globalization
thanks love ! Miss u !
thank you
Leave my magnetic hoohah out of this
What is your travel philosophy?
Hard work pays off I tell them
yeah. I hate when chicks upload one every week or all at once. Still.
I Still Got It For Ya
You should go see it. It was actually a very good film. Very good story, fantastic cinematography/composition. Very well done
take your time we are holding down the fort
- that's not totally true, because in any true system, you will always find a gray area.
'stache is wicked! Thumbs up
It's about time you talked to me after three months of silence :)
Free nights, Upgrades, exclusive extras, MMA fights tickets, Shows & the deepest discounts at Top Vegas Hotel Resorts www.myvegaspeople.com
Have been to Target twice today before 11am.
n the studio working with super producer Nealante Phillips at the #Music Room ATL..... Top Ten Billboard ishhhhhhhhhhh...
please follow me! :)
Apple says Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO.
I live tweet things that air live (eg award shows) but I don't get it for regular shows either
It's not so much the Monday that gets me, it's the drop kicks to the head on Monday. Yay, office!
Don’t you love those awkward moments when a customer orders a diet rum and coke?
I been good, could been better.. How things there??
Datenight with was a great start to the weekend
I've stopped drinking, but only while I'm asleep.
I was literally scared by my own shadow today... thought it was a cat.
Takers on again YES!!
Yeah I prolly will
osu baseball makes any day beautiful :)
tell em your lesbian works everytime
Listening to Obama and tweeting at #Congress -
Shid I did. And I found two left over burgers from Saturday!!! I'm clear for landing..✈
haha. can't you see? I didn't do it. Keith did it.
Depends on the individual, of course. Not fair to broad brush all.
Big sports day! Attending the Wood Memorial at Aqueduct, watching the Masters on my computer, and I have to see Jamie Moyer pitch tonight!
I believe in JR Smith
promoting probably takes the most time out of all. who would have thought.
Ugh I love this song!!! RT : Cuz in the end Girl your gonna want another round!!!
I will forever hate my spanish class
Trust me I do know music and jay z is WHACK!
Today's Thought: Never Give Up! That's all...
I can confirm getting called to a Judge's chambers is very much like getting called to the principal's office.
: "All I know is I'm gonna sleep well tonight" LOL
Ironed everything in my closet while I stayed up late listening to Goliath by Happier than a swine-esque in clart.
But when you shake your ass, they notice fast, some mistakes were built to last.
thank god its friday.. my favorite day of the week.. how was this week for u guys? cant wait for sunday.. there will be grammys awards :)))
Lynyrd Skynyrd - Free Bird Music video Studio Version
Why am I just seeing this?! Thanks! how are u? ~> RT : Tha homegirl ::::::::::::::::: #BeanTowns Finest Follow her
Love this ! RT : How many times do we hold back our own magnificence because of a story we made up in our heads?
SOLD OUT today!!! What a perfect TOPTIONAL day!!! If u weren't here, next time... if u were, THANK YOU! Dj Enoc and Girl 6 bangin today!!
Hell yea we are thats why they keep comin back
Thanks SO much! LOVE ur Tutus!!
Playoff basketball doesn't mean you completely change the definition of a "foul." This Miami-New York game is getting ridiculously bad.
ion get paid to tweet, so I def. ain't finna live on this mug tweetin allday
After tonight and what i saw I'm honestly over you.
Last full week of school >>>>>
I've added a longer explanation on the live blog.
The triumphant return of Paaaaaaaau!
Tickets secured for and Kevin Devine a The Troubadour in July! Man that month is gonna be great.
Steve and I are watching My Little Pony on Netflix.
Heading to the #OSCon #PuppetLabs party... Hope there is still some food left! Otherwise, it is a late-night Portland eatery for me.
Happy to be home in Hollywood. Im Beat. Going to bed early, so excited for the #ShangrilaMansionParty tomorrow. It's almost 2012, wow!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP9
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry. Roberto Benigni
Excellent Musicality is always the end goal!
awww, remember when Austin first started selling his merch? and the videos he made about the stickers? c-u-t-e.
But when you're all alone I hope you truly know.. How bad I wanna be there..
hell yeah
excited to be speaking tomorrow to UCSB's COMMA group about cinematic movement and automatism. 5/4—2pm—2714 SH (pls note time change)
thanks for the mention!
Javier Aquino can do great things but he can't do everything by himself
There are only two kinds of people I hate in this world. Those who are intolerant towards others' cultures and the Dutch.
Who knew that there could be this much snow in MA?
If you find it let me know, I've been trying to find it too -__-
Monday 1/30 is Dan's birthday. He is owner of in Mission Hills 92103. Be sure to stop in and say Happy Birthday!
don't get me wrong, Tommy... You're great. I just prefer no kidding.
This makes me laugh now, but in a few months will make me weep inside.
Have you Trenta-ed today? Today we launched our 30oz trenta size! (for Iced coffee and Iced tea only)
What do you mean by 'sometimes?' Shouldn't that be 'ALWAYS?'
I think is a flirt
We're basically doing this to get back at each other and I hate it
that's great!
love you
yes, all my phones and my Mom's have been refurbished. No issues whatsoever.
"I'm former Atlanta Brave Mark Lemke." - Stu Klitenic
Celtics ! Game on !
I shouted you out, did ya hear it?
adjust them up. Now they are actually getting paid ;)
#Pilates is one of the safest workouts you can use! No other exercise is so gentle to your body while giving it a challenging workout.
I been up since 7
Dedicates all his goals to the ladies.
"Wait... Are they riding OUR bus?"
Of course we are! is ready for ya !
interesting information
jake we need to see each other. i miss you. dm me so we cn chill <3
Sweet action, it turns out that Death Note is streaming for free on Hulu. In your face, Netflix!!
Ah, I don't have any cold gear. I guess I could run in my pea coat.
I didn't make a sandwich. that's why I'm never making one again.
Digital humanities and the future. Engaging roundtable so far.
Come talk to us!
Yesterday sucked
Damn I hate shots I got 5 yesterday :( I wanted to tweet but my arms hurt to much sorry .
im cool bout to get dressed cuz im rockin my hoodie today for
Yeah, how are you getting to that if you don't mind my asking?
Okay, no problem #MahomieFamily :}.
Looking forward to catching up with and Bruce D-Ambrosio of DigitalScirocco this afternoon.
If it kills me and beautiful mess.
Sometimes, you just need a cheeseburger.
See you tonight at the Purr-fect-ly Howling Event
Thank you for keeping your burgers delicious through all the weeks that I have not been there.
Possibly stealing cable right now...not worried about it comcast steals from us everyday right!?
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. - Oprah Winfrey
hopefully you dont get hit in the face agian ;)
How about this: it's impossible for a political campaign to accurately report job counts.
Im CHIEFN on this Presidental and its the shyt... Lear Gang
Quentin's attitude is too similar to mine...and i dnt think thats a good thing lol
Leave it up to Bosh To Fuck The Game Up In The Last 50 sec...
Looking for a cool place to have a bday party in NYC. Any ideas? Looking at a few lounges.
Because of the #ACA I was able to move to DC while still on my parents' insurance, Thanks
Congrats to for their medal haul at the World Beer Cup: 2 silver + 1 bronze!
Image Sensing Systems Announces First Quarter Financial Results
YOU ARE IN MY PRAYERS. STAY STRONG HONEY.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
Hey congrats!
School(: SUCKS
thank for PR ;-) need to catch up soon.
... you should also be in the debate about #MarriageEquality opposed to simply saying no
You ready CBN? Let the mayhem begin! Tell your friends! Suburban Cowboys in the house tonight! Giving Away ERIC CHURCH Tix!
@ 491 followers!! Thats awesome! HELP ME REACH MY GOAL.. FOLLOW ME, I WILL FOLLOWBACK!! MY GOAL 1K !! Miss Alexis Todd.. FOLLOW
Lighter versions of hot entrees available at our contract schools! Want your school or business to have healthy lunch options? Contact us!
Brown needs to rest the starters and let the bench play.
Good morning! Let's start the week with some biz inspiration!
Summer hours for Whiskey Chicks - no more lunches on Saturday and Sunday we will open at 4 pm those days.
I always wake up without a shirt on
I like your style! And a 1959 dream sequence...now THAT sounds fancy-pants. :-)
feeling a tad bit depressed... or something. This isn't good :/
VEEP filmed in Baltimore. I thought Elaine Benice grew up in Baltimore. She wore an Orioles cap in the Yankees Box
I just saw a Blackberry ad that recapped Moby Dick via social media. #digitalstorytelling (after a fashion)
I hope to never have a 'Guess Who's Coming to Dinner' moment with my daughters. I expect any choice they make to be legal and accepted.
"Confront your fears, list them, get to know them, and only then will you be able to put them aside and move ahead."
If you were me you would realize why I cry all the time.
I love you Taco Bell Twitter Person
Wow!!! What a great song by Jackie Martinez now on YouTube.com You've got to see it, "Look But Don't Touch" Jackie Martinez
I think it would be cool, if like dragons couldn't fly, that they should be able to get their drivers liscense at least in South Dakota
I love morning T rides :)
I bet niggas gone make this a holiday!
Wow I don't feel like moving
What Bill said. My teenager is going to bed. Now. At 10:20am.
Batmobile? RT : #DramaProm transportation options: Metro, Taxi, Motorcycle, or ?
seein' as yew live on the other side of the US. so shut up. ahaha P.L.U.R.<3
That's terrific. Got your e-mail, will run it all up as many flagpoles as we can find for your. Thanks!
is packed for Edit! Jean Pierre LaDouche is making the 1% proud tonight!
#rebeccablack got that
My pleasure, Candace.
I got that an OG mixed for hours and hours. Puff , puff , pass handin' it back to Mac-Miller.
We wish you the best of luck Keri! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
they even bludgeon you on hulu. There is no escaping the reach of Walker ad buys.
Architects, Engineers and Publishers make the world go round.
oh, and i'm doing okay. got a lot on my plate at the moment. thanks for asking. sorry i took so long to respond. :-S
to pitch. May God have mercy on us all.
Hey Rick Pitino is embarrassing the KFC Yum brand in those white shoes and suit.
Ranchers and farmers and family entrepreneurs can make much better decisions about the future than the government can.
Spent the morning with legislators from across the state as they learn about jobs and edu in NC. www.facebook.com/wakecountysmartstart
GROWN and SEXY! 90's Throwback Music @ Rocca Bar tonite. Hosted by and 'PEACE of MIND'
im in this dumb training class...sucks ass
Well...that was quick. 2-1
Brownridge is playing VERY well!
wait i do
better! Unless you plan to move ever? Or if you move and you still want clt, that would work.
Definitely. I'm more looking forward to AC Milan v. Barca in the next round of the Champions.
right back atcha
Not soon enough! I had these #fatindiebands written last Friday, but they all got saved as drafts on my phone for some reason.
Chilling with at my house he funny is hell :D
You must be at the last 10 mins of #wojm (I listened to it bout 10 minutes ago.)
Thanks honey
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Hey, nice article on Chipper Jones, but Alex Rodriguez and Manny Ramirez both qualify for the .300/400/10 club.
I spoke w/Jen about that. That does suck-ass.
life as we know it
Nice sleep..Gm world
what's the details on the tweetup (i've been remiss and not paying attention)
Follow sound business trends, not fashion trends. - Janice Dickinson
Many thanks for the follow !
bahahaha we r the most intellectual people I know!!
Hey west suburban fans! Tap Takeover in Oak Park tomorrow! Aniv15, Pale31 and cask DBA will be following DANG!
I question some of the people who make videos on YouTube. Wow.
"The Shift is Within" Laura De Leon.
RT If you live in the past, you have no future. Forget what you did yesterday and achieve your goal for today!
And the madness starts tomorrow
aw, thanks. ^___^
Been saying it all year: the grass is the Saints kryptonite.
Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough,& you don't know why.
Sweet! I made that.
:D this makes me laugh.
o.o off tew bed On fone wit chris -___-
let it be known that my 9500th tweet was about farts
NJP at Smalls this Saturday from 4-7pm. Come on out. Who says good jazz has to only be for night owls?
I love you 💜 goodnight
+76 UNITS For All Baseball systems for da first half of betting on baseball. Can't wait for the 2nd half!
can't wait :)
you should tell them that you need more time...hahaha
if i turned off all my electronics&didnt talk to anyone for 2days,i wonder who would really check on me & see if i was okay...
Heat is the team w/ superstars and for that reason demand more national coverage than the Pacers. But ESPN being 100% lopsided is pathetic
I am exercising all the self control I have not to tweet every line from the episodes of #ArrestedDevelopment I'm watching today.
Dear MTV, I was wondering if I could get my "M" back... you know, since you aren't using it. Sincerely, _usic.
syrup head like 50 a O..
keep an eye out for Phonographic at SXSW events March 17th and at Frank White Gallery's pop-up at 17th-20th
Welcome ! Keep up the good work!
deal, deal.
In Leominster chuck chillin on this Beautiful Day ☀
Great to see so many young people wanting to change local politics at the event at the Bowles last night!
text me, girl! I have problems and you're who I go to for this crazy stuff!
Jealous! Can't wait to see it tonite. RT Don't judge us but we're playing hooky at deluxe theater showing of Planet of the Apes.
I hope that the DNC, led by a "weak" Chairman, are proud of themselves for not helping in the Wisconsin Recall on June 5th.
Saw the car pics (stopped, of course!). Very cute, indeed. ;^)
I think I'm having heart palpitations!
atta way to come in clutch Barajas
Just got my heat assignment for #nycmidnight The brainstorming has already began.
aw your mom is my fav
what do you have in mind?
This makes me happy!! : **GOOD NEWS: Tornado Watch Cancelled for CT!!! Plus Irene down to Tropical Storm!
Alot of running around to do today ..first stop the bank .. post office ., then to grab something for lunch pick up the nephews ect...
thanks for the retweet! :)
Stupid air yeast won't eat my stupid wet flour. I MADE A NICE MEAL FOR YOU. THE LEAST YOU CAN DO IS TRY IT.
I hate waking up in the middle of the night o.O
Good Night All Peops!
Hearing rumors you never knew about yourself.
congrats!! Today is The Militant's 3-year anniversary on Twitter! Ain't no foolin'!
I am Bill Braskey
goodluck with that its a hard lifestyle
Dirty dancing<3 Favorite movie of all time. For suree.
This year I will improve my ways. Live healthy, write better, give more praise. Happiness is my true goal. Feels great to feed my soul!
WHAT UP FAM? HIT ME UP!
RT : always! I love that you can text
RT : Great answer to Q3. We shld also work w parents to help thm understand what the data means for their kids
RT : Having a blast at the after-after-party for
words you live by?
Same to you!! Hope you're enjoying the day with your 3 cuties.
thanks for the tip-bout to print off right now!
My son used to cut the pinkies and fuzzies in half so I didn't have to. EWE EWE EWE their backbone why do they have those
On the road to Houston in a little while for an early season big conference game for Texas Wesleyan University. Trying to get to 4-0 in con
Nutrition News: Pink Slime
Been doing tons of travel planning lately,here's hot tip for using Hotwire. Get info on the hotel before you buy - www.betterbidding.com
This has been thee best two weeks of summer EVER !
Minecraft - The Dropper Part 3 - The Kitchen -
rocks! They utilize Videotel for our VP68, VP70 and VP77 for their awesome exhibits in San Diego, CA.
If you think nobody cares, try missing a couple of payments.
good job presenting the Bears showcase
Boring last season of
pussy so good.make u smack ya lips
RT : PHP was originally designed to replace a set of Perl scripts to maintain his Personal Home Pages (also known as PHP).
is that trick to getting thru the ATL?
I love the Vampires in America series by ! <3 <3 <3
Your voice is just to lovely :-) ididnt forget about you I do wanna autograph your gonna be super famous so I want mines :-)
is in Michigan! But we sure do miss our hometown!
It's always better than what I would have come up with had I tried to think it out completely first.
I'm good keeping busy, Living life. How's it going with you?
The Same Stuff Keep Happening !
looking for some last minute decor for SINGSING @ neumos on wed nite...anyone have reindeer or awesome tree brances they want to give us?!
Unacceptable Behaviors: physical contact including touching, pinching, patting, kissing, fondling, groping, grabbing or assault
