Got a hole in my hand, had to get 3 stitches.
Suddenly it matters. I.hate when people do.stuff out of spite
Still Waiting For The Day That When I Go In Claires And See Byrce Again lol
Osso Clothing Read the full story on the blog about Osso Clothing's newest team rider- Kayla Beckmann!
thank you!! And thanks for all your help along the way!
you should prepare yourself for an interesting encounter that might well make your heart beat faster.
I look dumb and like a nerd today..
Love makes us overcome the sense of isolation & separateness, yet it permits us to be ourselves
Branding is essentially the process of building relationships. It's all about making people associate you with experiences and feelings.
I bet you're naked under all those clothes you slut ;)
In the 90s... when asked what crime id like to commit. I said Britney Spears!!
“: trafficked women r not illegal immigrants or prostitutes They r exploited prostituted, & enslaved end #slavery”
Saw you purchased some of our DVD training; just wanted to say hello!
Good morning tweople!! ☀☀☀
We're only half kidding when we say Grandma is a little crazy.
Time to go to work, Here comes the easter bunny's! It's Time to go hide some eggs. For not having kids I'm always involved! #FeelTheLuv -_-
So what's a good breakfast spot at Grand Central Market?
Broken-heart. Shattered. Unmendable. Pain. Mistrust. Lies. Sneak. A void that just simply seems nonrefillable. I don't know what to do...
I'm alarmed
RT Excellence is not an accomplishment. It is a spirit, a never-ending process ~ Lawrence M Miller
Jus Made It Ta Da House Nerves Bad
Wish we could steal Rocky from the #Nuggets and kill off Dinger.
So awesome when I log onto Twitter and something like this is the first thing I see :P
08/19/2011 - Willowbrook Mall rewards back-to-school shoppers with mall gift cards on Friday Shoppers taking advantage of Texas ’s Ta
hahaha just wait i'll teach you guys to speak samoan
got a game tonight wats the weather gonna be
You look SO pretty in your new pic cass! LOVE the hair(:
Also going to the 8pm show. Watch me put the final nail in the coffin of any potential political career.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool hm... am I ever going to lose weight ?
o boy o boy o boy #TeamPat vs #TeamGriner!
These Clippers-Grizzlies games have been unreal.
What the hell? Thought we had that one. Hope we learn that we have to defend that 3, even at #1....... Go CATs
Nice J-LO Nipple shot.
That awkward moment when people think your guy best friend is your boyfriend. This is why we can't hang out in public.
ha ha!!! Too funny
He who spares the wicked injures the good.
In short, yes, should she apply, I would hire Cher as a web designer.
Man is a two-legged animal without feathers."
Wow, the #Cowboys are going to win despite their own opine and the refs.
If you didn't make it out last night, stop in for gallery DAY today! Pretty art for your pretty eyes!
You are welcome! We loved working on this project!
I will be looking at flights today for a trip to see you guys in Cleveland soon!
chill out you doing to much
is spraying her hairspray so he can smell it. #what?
... actually, need research recs on importance of subject-access for regular 'ol digital collections too, not just IRs.
Loving life while I continue to
Found out tonight my 14 year old cousin is just getting into Magic: The Gathering. That's how old I was, too.
You would! Lol
If the MLB season was 40 games...the #Mets would be awesome....can't wait till sept when all their shitass bandwagon fans jump ship
Okay. I'm gonna have to bite rn....unless... YOU FOLLOW
Hunger Games!
Why does Garcia get no love? He's been just as good as Nova
Lol you living that YOLO lifestyle I see!
OMG! Having a ball. I may never come home! Hope you are well, superstar! How was #BoardwalkEmpire?
Nope its just old people.. DAMMIT.
The Line's female singer was rude, ungrateful tonight.. She didn't listen to Jewel and didn't represent. He should have been solo
ah good luck even tho it home and why r u mad now? Ahdhensbejdk. I'm lost. :(
Fuck My Life.
talk about lurking! you responded to that tweet in less than 20 seconds!!
:-O #wink wink
Talk to me directly, nice!
lol same thought I had ... Feel like I need to give dude a High Elbow and shit .. And his B wasn't fucked up lol
crazy night. are all the people in the MIA as crazy as this???
After enjoying french fries for lunch, I wonder what's surprises are on the dinner menu.
hey Letty. Just sent you an email. Peep it when you get a chance.
43% think that the reason Tim Tebow is winning due to a devine intervention? Really? So 43% think God favors Tebow over all NFL players? HA!
“: How are you sir?”I'm great! How about you?
I took the train w/ the one kid we were with.
1st game tomorrow
Those who aren't happy unless they're working, starting companies may be an easier option than brining the thrill back to their love life.
Okay, I'm done. We're over.
sure. What's the link? :)
Getting out & make connects,stay home & stay disconnected the choice is yours
All nonprofits can lobby. It is legal to do so. lobby= attempting to influence legislation.
Getting dominated in every category except for the one that counts... Need a better 2nd half though...
I work at three so I'm just kickin it til then
Thanks for the follow, Aaron.
is new hair.
Hey, We got a free cookie :D
Just received an email to play the lead actress in a BU graduate film, thanks to my profile on New England Actor!
I love that name!! “: Name for new bar/eatery coming in Feb. from Golden Bear owners: Hook & Ladder Manufacturing Co.”
Sat, July 9th 1pm-5pm Sin City tribute to AC/DC Bon Scott style $5
Freedom is being without attachment to results.
The path you need to follow in order to achieve your goals will create itself. You just have to take the first step.
We vs physically bow down before God but standing up in pride in our heart...wow
Good advice, thank you. I think I'm over-thinking it.
I hope so too D;
I'm so excited 😄
M. Wish my boss brought me one of those. RT : The best part of my day...boss brought chocolate chip cookie from
Listening to Mary and Holly from awfullibrarybooks.net and seeing some great examples of titles well-worth weeding.
u should play in our game tomorrow! U could b on my team
Stoked about all the new action movie scripts going around, but I gotta ask: who's gonna be in them? Statham can only do so many...
I spend so much thought on phrasing my texts exactly right, I should publish them as a book of poetry
"Dreams come true for those who work while they dream."
I'm chillin watching the news. Tryna see what's going on in politics
At Richmond Police HQ waiting to see what is going to tweet...
Off to the set of Gossip Girl. Playing a photographer.
I swear auto correct! Lol I ment welcome(: it c
Two for one hash caps today at ALL Clinic locations!!
Aw k
lol. Oh god... just had a horrible though. Doing make up while texting!!!! DEATH AND DESTRUCTION!
In two days I have 21 followers, watch out I'm coming for you! What?!
Thanks for coming to the #GPPCMA #Phillies game! Glad you had a great time! Check out the facebook pics and post more!
lol and the weird thing is that all these other girls r replying bck to it lol
well guys..........right now im heart-broken ttyl
And I mean can we get some boys in here too?
Nice little setup
Interesting conclusion by Jim Downs about reenactment, race, and who gets remembered as war dead. Hint: not (former) slaves.
I am a board strategist for the University of Chicago. I manage our CMS and development/communication initiatives.
I am going to see Bully today.
Jonh Tucker Must Die is always going to be one of my favorite movies
Great move from Michalek but you aren't going to score on Hank from there.
OMG I WAS THERE ON A SCHOOL TRIP LAST WEEK!!! SO AWESOME WHAT AN AMAZING SIGHT IT WASS
What is everyone thinking about the new iPad?
Moss captures the 170lbs Bad Boy belt by defeating Ross at 1:25 of the 2nd round by TKO. (referee stoppage due to strikes)
Brady just so you know your not god your human like everyone else and on sunday we will get passed the line and sack your as a few times !
thank YOU!! <3
hugs to you
FAMILIAR BURGER with BEER KETTLE CHIPS $8.99!! Indiana bottles $3.75!
I'm wearing white shorts and it's not Memorial Day yet
gosh i love dis kid .
/ morn crew!!
just took a trip down memory lane & the buddhist church was not there..
Romney says he can't remember bullying incident, the kid will never forget.
Thanks Rodney!
So, after seconds of deliberation we've decided that Peyton Manning needs to be a Seahawk. What the hell, we'll take his buddy Reggie too.
Put your make-up on, fix your hair up pretty. We just got kicked in the nuts in Kansas City.
McCafe Frappe is the bold, cold way to start your day!
DON'T KNOW - BUT MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET AIRED LAST WEEK & THAT'S WHAT WE NEED - YOUR TWEETS R INSPIRING! KEEP THEM COMING.
Pretty sure I'm the only person on Ft Lauderdale beach with a corkscrew.
View it full screen
also I'm now a performer at the up here in orlando!! So, I work for and
thanks for the tweet!
Did Glenn Danzig ever sue Hasbro/Sunbow for using The Misfits as the name of the bad girl band in "Jem?"
Finally, a question for Delia! How are we going to compete worldwide if we don't get them ready with high standards? and time's out.
is an awesome Bass teacher :D
": I don't like you.. And you know who you are" I'm sorry :(
I really don't wanna go back to school tomorrow.
GET OFF OF TWITTER AND DO YOUR FUCKING HOMEWORK. sincerely, your life coach lol
im proud of youu. (:
You're right. I spent 4 months in Norway in the 90s and never felt more American.
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Joe Rocha
Thanks to our fantastic grant writers, we've received a generous grant from the Institute for Advanced Study to continue events in 2012-13!
It's picture day! Put on your favorite lipgloss and smile for the camera. I'm adding photos to your profiles this weekend.
getting ready for the Q Portland Gathering Next Week. Hooray!
if he really cared, he would text me back when he was with his best bro. smfh!!
I'll be over soon then bear <3
you're a liar and you're wasting my time.
why u putting my ish out there like that
Hey everybody with the last name Hansen, we are RELATED!!
I try to use EMs as much as I can, going forward. But I've been a PX addict for years. Old habits shoot yourself in the foot.
got it!! So 10am sat? Did you get my text??
"Xie Xie Yao Ming." Love this blog post from
Making food for tomorrows game with my favorites and co. Bound to get rowdy.
All new Austin and Ally tonight at 7!!!! SO excited can't wait.
Just saw the twilight breaking dawn movie with my father. I was good.
You want the best dinner in Indy? St. Elmo's...you want the best lunch? Harry and Izzy's. Amazing food.
Never met a woman that likes to talk as much shit as my nieghbor. Honestly if she keeps talking shit about my family I'm egging her house.
Open For Lunch Everyday at 11am!
Thanks for the RT bro. How's business? You killing it?
I LOOOOOOVEE YOU :)
I kno and better hurry the hell up
#Lunchtime at Rebeccas!
I know it's everybody's sin You got to lose to know how to win-Aerosmith, Dream On
I WOULD LOVE TO BE APART OF THIS FILM :)
“: excited is gonna be my hot date to the Shlemiel the First opening :-)” I'll bring the manischewitz!!
Dream Big or go home.
UUUGGGHHH the 26th can't get here soon enough!!! I need a break!
guys go to the front page of www.purevolume.com and click on us to listen to our brand new single!!!
Love your stuff look at mine www.kidshardwarekompany.com
A Tribe Called Quest just popped on, diggin the randomness#Classic on now.
God is great! Praise him in all that you do!
5 minutes until Hoppy Hour kicks off , join folks from Sierra Nevada for some drafts & schwag 5-7PM
Id love too
Get me off of this plane! Chatty Cathy won't shut up and it smells like a fart in here.
Nothing's perfect I suppose, hopefully they get it straightened out. I've got no other complaints ;)
Phil Bender: One of the only times each year sorostitutes find it openly acceptable to drink while wearing letters.
hanging out with my best friend and her boyfriend?
My priorities are probably out of whack if I'm concerned that work e-mail is down at 7:45 pm. Where's the wine?
Philly has infrastructure to support DH. How do we reorient missions of those institutions to help small orgs?
You're welcome, I hope the weather improves. Nice article in the by the way...
Good morning!!!!! Tweet your questions for our interview to ! NOW!
Create app on Facebook to encourage engagement on your timeline.
can't wait for Friday!!
on Showbiz Tonight RIGHT NOW! WATCH.
Alfredo is with Justin now. Aw shit.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen the work you are trying to draw on #DrawSomething is "momjeans"
Reading an article in American Archivist related to digital preservation and the cited URL I need is dead. Um.
#WEST-wild wild WEST coast #EAST- Concrete jungle where dreams are made, oh! ;D
The walking dead
#20ThingsAboutMe i want to become a Psychologist
From now on will be known as the
After a couple of weeks of writing largely automation scripts getting back into TDD is hard. How do I run my tests again?
text me!
g fuck them boots if you can get a car just get that shit and wait for it
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MY ladies followin me ! hope you all have a wonderful day.
"Spencer, how did you help your teammates?" "As a conservative, I consciously didn't. I earned these points. I urge Jrue to bootstrap it."
Okay, guy... You can stay...Kinda... I worry about you. But you can stay
Weird. I almost never see people I know around town. :(
How is everyones Sunday?
1st Table Read tomorrow for the SAG Pilot "ATLANTIC & PACIFIC" in Brooklyn at 1PM & then to Vinny Vella's Holiday Party in Midtown at 7PM!
Pray and fast with me that a Chic-fil-A will open in Minneapolis within the next hour.
we got 9 scores recorded for you (qre-ax)
mr. King
Whoever the girl is that Austin always tweets about, if she doesn't like him back, she has some issues. TAYLOR ISSUES. See what I did there.
Go Gourmet this October 9-10 at the Gourmet Experience! It’s your one stop shop to everything gourmet.
If the #Packers don't draft a WR, does that give a better shot at remaining in Green Bay for another season?
yes, floyd may be for gay marriage but he's still a girlfriend beater. Ask him how he's spending his summer in jail...
Hangin w P.O.D.
I remember as kid getting a free candy bar at the grocery store if your ticket stub had the winning sausage on it.
Restaurant Week starts tomorrow! We're excited to have you come by and enjoy the menu we've put together for you!
u amazing love i
1st recruited by Alexander and now Faulkner, Thomas has been hearing for the #Badgers forever. Has good size and strength to be an OL
Who's ur team
I agree <3 I'll look up times! What time do you get off work?
Ever been in a chokehold?
#np Lost ones ; J.cole
Feeling all Wordsworthian and pastoral driving through rural Illinois. Although the wind turbines might baffle the dear poet.
#GoodLuckEleanor! you'll be fine lovely :)
I'm starving. Haven't eatin' all day because my medicain won't let me. It just wore off and my tummy is rumbling. Lol.
woops, we AREN'T hosting the Oct. 4th event. But we will host an event in the near future.
Effing Salt Lake City.
suck my butthole ya dumb slut
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :)
Happy Birthday Mr. Dickens!
“: Happy mothers Day great moms out there!!!!!!” But Dev, problem is all the great moms dont know they are great!
Still in the top 5 all time weddings buddy #dannysquared #goodpeoplemakegreatweddings!
Thanks to everyone for the shout-out! You guys rock, and I love catching up on the DC blogosphere
Today at the mall some small girl walked in the store with a H U G E ass, and Lana goes: Becky, look at her butt! ..omg I died.
how old will you be turning ? (:
I didnt know
on sum real sh#t racism is one of my many motivations so shoutouts to all the racist people for giving me a reason na phis yall of even more
We hope to see you ALL! Tonight at Shark City! Until then here's some music to groove to!
oh nice! Lovely thing to do on a friday! :-) have fun!
I am so sore from last nights game. Barely made it down the stairs this morning. Happens when I hit triples and have to run hard.
That was not a blocking foul. That was clearly a charge. I'm starting to suspect the refs want to play a part in deciding the game.
thank you :). Love your staff too
Damn..I got my hours cut today. Now what to do??
Family Sunday's this week, featuring clay play, treasure hunt and part 2 of El Alma de Mexico film series. 12-4. Special admssion rates.
Trying to race home before this storm hits
What was tonight about at the taping?
lol daves gone be chalked for a week.
Next book to buy:Like Trees Walking by based on the sad story of the K lynching of a young black guy in 1981/Thanks!
I always thought that I had the winning side of the break up unfortunately i don't.
Two days of work, then headed north!! RT : 3 Days.
It always happens. As soon as I think I am gonna be happy with someone, something always happens..
then get you're arse here.
I don't bust back cuz I shoot first *in my wizzy voice*
Is there anything better than infomercials? I can't think of anything...
I partied!!!
right!!! it would be too fun with And here too!!!!
Stuck in the school bathroom
ATTN: Just learned The Loft has been shut down. Stay tuned for details of relocated showcases by #SXSW Plz RT
When isn't Ellie being sassy? :-)
So I just had a dance lesson with a cockroach, I taught him a little something I like to call "the squish"
Just got done watchin the avengers bad ass movie
im go always b that
RT : RT : Listen up! I'm playing an hour of forgotten, scratchy 45 RPM records today from 12-1pm (Central) on...
Older sisters - born to troll
I'll be the official DJ RT : He needs to be in the back controlling all the strippers.
Newt...anything you'd like to say today? Just wondering.
Valentines day tomorrow! Soap and Spa Essentials 203 Wellesley DR SE STE B 505-268-SOAP(7627) The new Candles are done and ready to go.
So my mom definetly indirectly agreed for me to wear Lolita to senior prom
Any movies you're looking forward to seeing soon? #HungerGames? #21JumpStreet?
shooting guns & wine tasting! What do you think of it all? Big bully still alive? We are down this weekend
Today a co-worker got kind of ticked that I was holding open the door for her. It was a WEIRD negative vibe.
sick of this swamp ass weather
#TwSIG students are teamed with organizations in the community. Things are team based in the learning and field based Each stdent has client
Today I heard Norm Dicks will retire. I'm sad I'll miss the "E-Norm-US" and "No Dicks" signs, but I'm sadder I just thought of "Nom Dicks."
LMAO i know and i said it soo serious
Congrats on your shoot!
I am an aspergers savant, it has no capacity to remove ones gift. It does however make life more livable for children /parents
I was thinking to do an Ariana Grande fan site or a Demi Lovato one... which should i do?
#quotes The only yardstick for success our society has is being a champion. No one remembers anything else.
I'm all for raising taxes on the rich, just as long as nobody considers me rich.
Hey can I get a Roll Tide for tonight's championship game?!
lol for real though, yall are in my prayers.
Thank you Tess!
Ah, the joys of being Captain Underpants.
Go to bed early, rise, play a few songs and stay up all night playing in random spots around town.
I like to think of this... "If it wasnt for me, would only have 399,999 followers" ;)
"Shepherd's" Pie
trend it guys!
so...you hurt yourself not by falling, but by continuous running? Bo!
I think they're down for Thanksgiving, but not sure. Monday is a Regent's meeting, so expect a something then.
At the park tryna avoid all the line beards with their pitbulls! Goin back to the east end.
Awww thanks so much!! :) No they decided not to do a season 2 :(
Please forgive me for asking, as I feel ignorant. Where did this happen? I haven't heard of weather this strong.
Homecoming hells yea can't wait to have fun!! Im glad im a Freshmen and not a middle schooler anymore i can finally have my FREEDOM!!!!!!!
oh goodness<333333 i think i just died .__.
I'm so over school. Where is summer?
Ginger...did you use a filter on that? Because if you did, that's 10 demerit points.
Home now...about To hit this shower..still thinking about a lot in my life...
how gay small town cops sure know how to ruin a good weekend...
Wishing her a happy recovery these next 4 weeks! Happy Monday!
It's super entertaining and completely pointless, haha.
I been eating cereal allday Imma turn into a Reese's puff
Son is home from University, others are home from work and we have declared it time for a quick nap. Bliss. :)
Ah. Everyone Bloody Mary Tweet
“: What happened to the Christmas tree in with all the wind? Check later today to find out.”
That sad moment when you realize your not as important to someone as they are to you
You can't make your heart feel something it won't
Made a whole new business page with all updates on what's going on! Follow it!! page now my personal page!!
Janice thanks so much for all your retweets it means alot and im honored to have you as a friend
she's black and has color contacts
thanks we were going to leave for duck creek in a few minutes. Will wait for traffic to clear now.
Hey Ray, thanks for the RT, we always appreciate the support. Stay Safe!
Thanks, rain for cleaning off my windshield!
School is so worthless!!!8 hours of your day put to waste!!! I could be curing cancer or saving the world from a meteorite in those 8 hours.
Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful
one of my neighbors put out an armchair for the trash... i really want to refinish/reupholster it...
I just used the word "drivel" in a sentence, possibly for the first time.
What makes your mom the best?
even better! i have yet to go there =/
We are all out today! Thanks for showing us some cupcake love!
Great to hear, thanks for sharing! RT This makes me smile when I fly back to SD late and don't want to take a cab.
315,716 properties last month filed foreclosure:RealtyTrac. These filings include default, auctions and bank repos. Up 15% Annually.
I am filled with hate because most guys shirts are athletic cut and I am not
Hey iPhone there is a word called "so."
EACH ONE TEACH ONE!!!!
thanks for that love blessings to you at the fam
Multiple perm spots in Delaware for Java Developers (mid, senior and tech lead levels). Looking for a challenge?
Just finished a guest blog, tweaked a script for another project, gave notes on someone else's script & I'm still playing w my own script!
What is real is what never changes.
Bring Back Ringer 16
- thanks for the follow. Here's a deal for u: "Like" us on Facebook to reveal a promo code for $10 OFF
That series finale was really good! I wish it was only a season finale.
I'm gettin $$$$$, What's a Stack o_O ??? Let me Show you how a Real Nigga Throw These Racks!!!
OMG! Preach it girl! “: so so so in love... with my new liberte blush!”
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. (Swami Sivananda)
ur intvw today on regarding a "genius" title to JZ was interesting but why overlook his n-word abuse?
Enjoyed learning about an innovative potential nominee at IN Venture Club. Nominations open Monday, May 14th.
YOU SUCK!
Self medicating with 500 mLs of Root Beer. Snoopy thought it was a good idea.
oh nice!! We are from Minneapolis so we will definitely be setting up a show there soon once we release our new album!! ;)
The use of ink refill kits saves you up to 80% in printing costs
Volunteer work is a resume builder. How bout volunteering down the road @ the Pabst Mansion? Contact Joshua Fundell 414.931.0808 ext.111
Love my Southern country folks!
Did you let them look through the ward menu and then dispense some digits?
Brrr, warm up with a pot of Golden Assam with a bowl of Asparagus Rice soup and a Grilled Fontina, Mushroom & Arugula Sandwich.
“ how am i popular”| But you disregarded the sup part smh
I wanna go back to bed. Now😞
In fact the abortion rate is higher (per capita) in countries where it is illegal.
I follow a lot of #boxingheads and many of u tweeted support for Obama for his stance, where's the Pacquiao outrage??
Yeah, that or we search for bunny droppings.
who stole my fuckin skits?
Life is about enjoying yourself! Rock on Simon!
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Lentil. Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
done! A word is headed your way
He should come to Holland!!
New Mexico's horse-racing industry, condemned as the most unsafe in the U.S., has accepted a proposal for reform—more oversight, penalties.
Why is it hard to believe that it's cheaper to shop elsewhere?
i probably missed 10 questions on staar even though i think i did awesome :/
dam i miss all my pets i miss my,rabbits,birds,fishes,lizard,turtless,Horses!
What time does it start? It's my bday Friday night... heading to dinner at Nobu but would love to see you and Syb...
Predictable but Jericho and Punk are gonna tear the house down at Wrestlemania
$2 nasty lights.
Lol, well I'm waiting(;
please please PLEASE follow me I luv u guys voice they r soo pretty! :)
Thank you & for a great workshop today!!!
Alright. Time to think about finals.
feet are so sweaty, hope i dont slip =P ahaha ->KimBeezy<-
Eagles vs Cowboys thanksgiving day!!! Hear anything?
They were right on target. Social networks are the media echo chambers of the future. The future is now.
Run, coffee, laundry, dishes, cooking, taxes, more cooking, more dishes. Sunday, I have conquered you! I think it's beer o'clock now. :)
“the zero moment of truth! RT : The avg consumer goes to 10.4 different sources before making a purchase #bsocial12”
One more out for the Highlanders!
Hi Serena, I'm late on the scene on following my favorite athletes. Just want to let you know you're one of them!
hey followed
Oh my....just watched Josh Hamilton hammer another one. Four home runs in one night. Bravo, sir
Celts looking slow, old and lifeless. Lets wake up Celts
Why does it always seem to rain when I go to a concert? I do not appreciate this.
Oh my god I'm tired....
Still haven't figured out how to factor in sleep or food this quarter...Hm.
and we just need the WWI, WWII, and cold war notes right?
I never doubted them for a minute!
speaking of 1968...in that yr right where we talked I saw Jimi Hendrix at the Mpls Auditorium!
I'M in love with Justin BIEBER song "boyfriend" !!!!!!! Omg !!
Spicy peanut noodles with chicken and bok choy. Is it dinnertime yet?
At All- State Chorus!! Couldn't be more pumped!
'bunjamin' a.k.a 'marty' a.k.a. bunbun looks depressed
Picture this...me and the old man cruising down the interstate in Milwaukee, windows down, singing "Girls just want to have fun!"
#youknowitshot when you get out the shower & you feel no breeze!
Looking forward to the Chicago Fashion Foundation event tonight!
Looking forward to watching & my #almamater #VCU beat #Drexel!!!
chances are we can get them to you the same or next day. Moving soon? Cc
It's that time of the week again, isn't it?
fukn killing right now....buck nasty!
When I first followed, I thought he was Tipping Point :) RT : how did it take me this long to find Tom on Twitter?
My mom and I are at the Antiques Roadshow in Atl!! How awesome are we!?
Maybe were better of this way
Thankgod tomorrow is friday but still have to go to sleep for school
A comment - enduced by a couple of newpaper stories today: "It is our insistance on highlighting our differences that will destroy us."
Sweet Genius: Local pastry chef to be contestant on Food Network pastry show
LGBT friends: Please don't vote for Republicans. They want to marginalize & discriminate against you. Dem's haven't done enough but Rs? No.
oh... Very nice! I love well behaved puppies!
Are you getting a pool?
There is always that one person that pisses you off no matter what they say or do.
I hate two-faced people it's so hard to decide which side to slap first.
Friday Night Magic Going Strong!
Teachers have told us that they need better technology tools to individualize education, says
My bad, boathouse all-stars in Des Moines, IA!
haha she's crazy as always, but she's good. Lol
Feeling extra good about today
when i open a pack of bread i skip the first slice because it’s ugly.”
okay, looks like Lou did speak up a while ago. I'm still confused. alright, I guess I better just do some work and not worry ...
thanks for the S/O!
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean I don't think about you?
Is is more difficult to teach online? Yes, at first, but it will benefit your students
Holy crap, they announce the winners from the contest tomorrow. <3 Oh dear God please let me win.
Are you still without electricity due to the wind? Distressed guest rates from $49 at Clarion Hotel (505)823-1300
Need me to bust some skulls? *cracks knuckles*
Hm what am I goin to wear to that #wetdreams pool party
Straight off the Boat. She get it straight off the plate. Appetite disappeared. But It ate off her face.
Thank-you for the follow. Iam also following!
McDowell Mountain Regional Park , tomorrow
Come on #Bearcats . #Buckeyes suck
Done With The Tbt's , Like For Ayye Sign Only Doing Some Doe :D
Honesty is overrated... that's in the bible.... old testament!
Bottom line #nuggets can't finish off a defensive possession...11 o boards this Q!
I have "nasty rumors" going around about me , but when I click the link nothing shows up . Way to make me think less of myself /:
is the only mf I'm in thee mood to talk to rii now .
RT : What a great surprise getting a call from President Clinton congratulating me on the &amp; talking about the
Hi! I wanted to let you know about , a chicago-based service that gives 5% donations to charities on every purchase!
I'm having trouble finding the words to describe exactly how awesome and uplifting it is when good friends come through when you need it
At an open mic watching a guy yell incoherent slam poetry over a Daniel Johnston song. I have hit rock bottom.
Had a fun weekend of moving rocks. Now I am really glad to be back in front of the computer.
Oh, it's apparently northeastern Baltimore County. Never mind then, I take it all back.
At I <3 Vinyl...Geology Killing it right now..Southern Freeze.. Yes please!!
learning programming: ultimate catch 22... you can't do shit until you have done shit
Going to Moscow, Ohio tomorrow morning to help Tornado vitims..tweet back if u want to join me
the bay music <3
This whole bus ride my face -________-
Thanks for the #RT, Mark.
I know way deep deep deep dee down inside your heart you still love me .
I bet rain makes you
Thank you, God fogive me.
#tropicalmelody monday is today grab your free drink with any large meal today
Made it to work, and made it back home. Makeshift ski-pole? Totally necessary.
#TSDemoDay is starting.........now
Its Official, GraphicLab will be at WonderCon in Anaheim March 16-18.
RT : Social gaming is a huge investment for a brand but you will see the rewards.
Nice time in Arizona,onto the airport
I'm down man. You trying to make a trip for the Olympics?
Just got back from the Lake=] Had a blast but i sure am burnt!!!
Not the current players fault, but Mr. Paterno needs to be fired immediately.
dang #amazing!
thank you for helping! We're giving the first 50 survey takers a free gift. When they're ready, I'll give you the details.
Trying to help 3 of your friends skip class <<
okay I need lipstick or earmark for bingo!
good morning big booty judy
aww so do you guys, literally. you rock n roll. excuse my lame attempt at humor.XD i'm pretty excited b.c im up to 411,89 to go!
I'm listening to #CelineDion in the #McDonalds parking lot.
Ugh, and another one gone. RIP Donna Summer. First got to know you as Aunt Luna from Altuna on Family Matters then discovered your amazing
Burning something sounds like a lot of fun right now...
K... gettin a lil choked up here
Looks like FB closed up $0.23. Not a positive showing on a number of counts.
Those pitches are perfect. Should tee off...
Just watched Extreme Makeover: Home Edition w/ the Byers family & was completely ballin my eyes out R.I.P Boey Byers
Akfhejvjsbdivhwgcjbsgshch. I'm so excited I can't speak right!
Crash County plays tonight at 9:30, this is Scott Dangerfield's band (he was on American Idol!) Come in and show him some love!!
you mad?!
#nowplaying The Box. What the hell kind of accents do they have? Had anyone involved in this movie actually been to Virginia?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe your gonna keep friends and lose some. It taught me who was real and fake.
You were right. I want this guy!
More productive when the office is empty dontcha think?
Gudmorning time ta do my thang
- For sure, talk soon.
#ucda Terry is up!
I was in Verona at badger prairie park today doing a cyclocross race on frozen grass. Good times.
Them muphukaz on Soul train back n the days dance like they havin a crack party
anyone know a good driver in Beijing by chance? DM me!
Every step I'm taking, every move I make feels lost with no direction
To get a lot of followers, follow whoever follows YOU. If you see a cool tweet from someone "retweet" it. And tweet cool things!
its ok lol
In great talk about component based games with
Street team models wanted for Houston this weekend $$$$$$
why not on PearTunes?
Excited to be moderating today's AppNation, Follow The Money, panel. We've prepared for a great session. See you there.
I'd also look at outreach by
Charlotte tweeps: Tweetup @ Tavern on the Tracks for Caps/Pens game at 1pm tomorrow? DM or @ me.
First thing I want is food, shit I might just go back to sleep
haha right?! well death proof is playing after planet terror, looks like the tv is staying on all day!
Great move by Al Harrington.
House is smelling god. Only four of us but enough food for a baker's dozen.
I've kissed Ryan more than I've kissed you...
Two more days before 's album #UNBROKEN comes out.... Please hurry up and get here, Tuesday.
you playing in it?
nice. Go meet Hanan Sabri. You'll be happy you did
Come by this weekend! We suggest our weekend brunch (9:00a -2:30 p)
re: spare tire. Hang in there.
#neurodigitour Newport News, Virginia
S/o to your music keeps me goin everyday
hahahahahahaha busy with what dude?? What is there to do in nowhere wasteland kansas lol jk
RE: Fort Fringe Tent. In the words of Dave Attell, "you shoulda hung out, man..."
Money Ball, my second her first.
Omg Ari. Lol. I love you.
yayyy :) I'm going there for sure so just let me know!
Feb debut that will probably raise a lot of eyebrows/interest: THE EVOLUTION OF BRUNO LITTLEMORE by Benjamin Hale
So, now that we've narrowed down the possible list of suspects....
jealous much
I'm at Jay Z & Eminem Concert at Yankee Stadium w/
Don't send another generic greeting card to your loved one in prison.
Go on #facebook and #like us please.... #Tragic Culture loves you.
is for realz?
#HappyBirthdayAnthony Hope u have an AMAZING day!!! #LotsOf<3
okay <3 :) why you on lockdownn !?
Kendall Is Our Cover Boy :')
holy smokes jesus this big moon's been having its way with me for a week already and there are still 3 days until full perigee
Ha! MT My brother met Marshawn at the Elephant Bar in Emeryville, and said he was super chill.
The 90s alt station is awesome until they play Jane's Addiction and your dogs won't stop barking at the "music dogs."
have one for me (;
I got a shit load of homework to do. Finna lock it down...
I'm catching up on your Studio posts. Enchanting :)
just watched just to see !!! LOVE HIM :) His voice is amazing and he is such an inspiration to everyone!
you suck:o
Classic! “: #NW Dick Tracy circa 1990 w/ Madonna, al Pacino & warren Beaty <<< y'all just don't know about this”
D3 Document Review Alert! Seeking multiple reviewers to begin project next week. Look forward to hearing from my extended linkedin family. …
They say never say never but, fuck it never mind.
I think I have allergies in my left eye. The right is fine, but the left has the bubonic plague & chicken pox.
Decluttering & organizing my brother's house. Sure could use
Bullshit call...he kicked it in
ew. Do u think you're Twitter famous?
Extra! Extra! Chocolate Bread Pudding on Special in Little Italy tonight!
I want your hair. & your shoes. & your closet (:
"Be faithful with a little."
Congrats & welcome to our newest initiates ! RT : 11 new lifetime member for :D
oh so i guess i jus wasnt invited huh?? 😳😜😝
Dont let my "quietness" fool you....
Lol, everyone who met Ed got a super good photo with him, but in mine, I look like a major derp!
Good Morning everyone! Are we ready for the week ahead?
Beautiful goal by Dempsy
FYI 5K registration begins tomorrow at 8am in #WickerPark You will get your bib numbers and tshirts then. The race will begin promptly at 9.
That's neat! All there stuff is so cute! :D I'm totally going to be looking through there whole site. Thanks so much again! 😊
Binary progress bars probably aren't the best UI choice
I love when a guy is just as much of smart butt as I am lol.
Bus stop concert this morning-
just woke up....foot in face. lovely.
and in the cookie to bind them?...
Top Chef reunion. Elia, lesson 1: watch what you say in public and to whom.
Its December! Are you ready for holiday gift giving?
hahaha true story. I have yet to figure out why I watch every season. I am a sucker for trashy reality tv though..
TSA pats down toddler in wheelchair and swabs for explosives in latest bid to stop Al Kiddo, disabled child terror network. Praise iCarly!
omg I just had an incident with a wasp...... I freaked out but thought of and her bee with at yesterdays shoot ; )
Humor Flash: Yankee Stadium bans Apple iPad after players confess to buying performance enhancing apps
R.I.P Gary Carter...your legacy will live on!
Reviewing Modernism and the Women's Popular Romance in Britain, 1885-1925. Fun!
Friends are so hard to come by.
Christians stop holding on to a #bible that was inspired by god and written by man by putting his views into words it's sad I wonder
Thank You J.K. Rowling for getting young people excited about #reading!
yo, love the shaved head FTW
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
So many bobbles and nobody even gave thought to Paulie turning that corner hard
Missing my community tonight. Shall attempt to drown sorrows in massive steak and potato dinner.
be nice to them!! They adore you!! Haha
This is a great list--I'm interested to know more of your favorites, esp early career poets, for my own reading list!
i dont know what i did with my ring and i feel distraught.
Ha MT : Friend: What r u wearing to Nats game tonight? Me: Probably a hoodie. Friend: Be careful, the Nats have TWO Zimmermans!
do you know what it's like to loose yourself, to be locked on target for hours only to look up without sleep and see that another day begins
my dad told me they were just shoes lol
I still have weekend spots available for you to book for your fall family photos. Sunday and Monday spots only.
i've got "take charge indy" to win derby! it is a beautiful horse!
Crazy thunder and lightning on the Isthmus right now.
Mad props to #ComedyUnion for hosting #KimColes b-day celebration on 1-22-12. She's back!
Good Morning...Coffee is hot and my day starts early!! Good Morning Vickyvette!!
Wow are u leaving England already! x
What can run but never walks, has a mouth but never talks, has a head but never weeps, has a bed but never sleeps? WEEKEND RIDDLES
aw lame sauce. i have done that quite a few times lately. Yes, excited to be twirled around to celebrate my birth. haha
Went to Taco-Bell thought I was Hungry. NOPE. Know im stuck with this Bag of Tacos!
Private platforms are best for classroom use. Solves privacy problem.
Fun Family Sunday! Check out the von Grey family folk show tonight at The Hillman. Show is at 6:30- tickets only $6-10!
"If this is your idea of a proposal, Finchie..I`m over you now." -Stiffler`s Mom
Congrats Brenda.. I am so happy for you. You add smiles to others So your blessed with a smile today..
"""Life is a combination of magic and pasta."" -Federico Fellini #Italian #wisdom"
...I hear that there's a love bug going around, well I'm stayin out the way, cus I ain't tryna catch it...
ha oh that suckss I watched half of it through my camera 😝 were you at the middle of the stage or??
me bro
I went ghost on you twitter -.-
When they come from over the mountain...
better off watching the cubs. 2nd best winning % in the NL since april 21st
do you have a locals offers website?
hahah - long day man, I'm sorry, I replied to the wrong tweet. haha, sorry dude.
I B[ELI]EVE IN ELI!
Finally, some good snow in NY!
RT prez : "I want to be a verb, not a noun, so I can go from Vision to Action" - Wu Qing (globally competent!)
im probably going to fail this bio test tomorrow! -_-
You are not what people think you are, you are what GOD says you are.
Wandered into the wrong yoga class-Gentle Yoga Stretch. I was the only non-senior citizen.
Come watch the season opener tonight at Choppers! 50+ HD TV's and the most Colorado beers in the state
holy shit i went in
fam when u in Hawaii its supposed to be a lax time. Her moms was always tryin to plan shit and her...
*star trek theme* space. the final frontier. these are the voyages of the united arab emirates
lmfaoo show please show up!
I NEED to get out of this town.
Glad to hear! Do you have a favorite car that you saw?
I'm nervous about something but I don't know about what
mom:"wake up" me:"later" mom: " WAKE UP FOLLOWED YOU" then I was running like an idiot and she was like "JK go get ready"
Thanks for the shoutout , but I would never presume to surpass the Ever-Victorious, Iron-Willed Commander
Crazy what you can learn from a book... I used to think only life can teach you life... Not always
After that - to the stars.
Loved the Archimedes exhibition. Well done!
“: tell G leche needs him to finish job this weekned! whats good!”got u!!!!
Damn brewers errors costing them big-time tonight.....
Happy Birthday Anthony, I love you amazing friend:)we've known each other since we were youngsters, now we're old farts!lol
spatial = time, geography, news varies by population (USATODAY) is relevant for Florida!
Cool! Thanks for the RT of the video of #ZOMM! How are you doing?
Tonyy! I made another personal account instead of using follow me. :p its sarah btw, lol
": You don't like flocka I don't give a MUTHA FUCK !"I just don't like that he can't keep his word
I need to be better about taking pictures. I love pictures and i need new ones for my house
Cool! Congrats! I'm glad u won ur copy! :)
That's awesome! The bad news is I'll go to you now for my SM expertise and not :)
RT : Food Truck Thursdays back today at the Milw. County Courthouse. 11-2, off Wells St. & more.
thats so true thats why i love summer, get to be outside :)
lol not yet bro in time u will gotta make sure I'm able to take care of her before I marry her.
It seems the grass is always greener.
This sexii mufffa beside me though >>>
Follow me' trying to get 200 followers By MONDAY!!! Please follow I follow back.
Another slow day at work... Why don't more people buy ice cream in the winter? It's crazy how slow we are today!
where is it available? iTunes?
Jay what's good up in Long Island tonight? Could see you hitting a Baldwin scene
want to make a new song
I miss you too Steph :( you never text me!
OUCH! I've spent over $500 on prescriptions since January & that's WITH Insurance. Lost job 2007 & retired 2008 On Medicare 2011
I went to a little Italian deli in long beach yesterday and thought of u. It was so good! They have everything!
Say happy birthday to her then! Enjoy!
The way you look, the way you laugh, the way you love with all you have
None but ourselves can free our mind from mental slavery.
Don’t dwell in the past or fret about the future, turn your attention to the present moment.
I saw the saddest thing.... A woman beating a baby...No older than 1 years old...The baby trys to crawl to get away...She kicks him and
I'm off to attend Altrusa International's District Three Conference. What a great way to end National Volunteer Week!
Cotto bout to go down
I need this plate cover.
that you yelling my name?
Mondays just aren't the same without football!
Is it too much to ask for craft beer in Philly Airpt.'s international terminal? There are TWO wine bars.
The Giants never win on their own doing. They should all give Wes Welker a big hug because he won the game for them.
Pyrographis is a leather burning. My profile photo is my first Municipal Arts Grant in Kansas City. It was snowing when brought mural out...
probably not a smart choice....you might learn what your doing is wrong....
What ? End of world tomorrow? WTH!!
we hear ESPN and others will come by and try. Hoping 49ers get here. Vernon Davis is big into curling. Have a great Tuesday!
The artists who created Tupac's hologram are now experimenting with Hendrix, Cobain, Elvis and Michael Jackson... Craziness
we love you!
#Insanity time:D
Just used for the first time!
We don't go anywhere. Going somewhere is for squares. We just go!
Campus recess on the field! Go check it out =]
Couple gone already but still more discounts available for custom surfboards...www.foamily.com
Hi, thnx for the mention- Oregon is amazing, pissing of rain right now, see your weather is alot better. Loved Yorkshire when I was there.
American Idol is so good! I don't know who to choose!
I haven't posted a #ff in a while, but these folks are so supportive Definitely worth following!
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe then you will be successful.
Sorry to hear that, Sam. Sending you healing thoughts.
20 minutes of Street Fighter x Tekken with my daughter is humiliating, although it does elevate my heart rate.
What's the science
#np ASAP Rocky
Niggas always gotta hate
Tryna Get Shanie To Come Get Me From School
Me and have been texting for like an hour now and she hasn't relized it's my birthday yet. ;)
On my way to my first track race!
Sometimes all I can do is laugh to keep myself from Crying!
#whenitwascoolto ride scooters lmfaooo, good times!
Sometimes men need their man-time. You'll be okay.
Just a little more than an hour until our Let's GAP together party!!! We can't wait to see everyone face and shop the night away!
Hey everyone im Irina Lisca i have my own youtube page plz subscribe at IronicPenguinZ thx
ELI'S BACK YESESESESYESYES.
wow, sweater AND a sweater vest! Jackpot!
New media earns permanent gallery at Newseum in DC
Steven A well said!
"Leadership: the process by which one individual influences others to accomplish desired goals." Leadership discussion at
aye guess what
Tired pissed off dont feel good... sorry
#houston Blogging explained Here is a parable about two business people who ran two very similar businesses, yet one was a success
i fool for no reason but its always on fridays !
didn't know you were still alive sir! deleted your facebook again I see!
I love my
O's Win in 13innings defeating the dead sox 6-4! Let's go o's!
#WWE12 what about the smoking skull belt or the rocks belt?
Went to a private screening for it! we all enjoyed it! You did a great job dahling!
it did!; merci!
Home from school today sick today
Try to imagine all of history and all that will happen, happening in one. Single. Moment. All at the same time.
I'm scared of my new job.
three Behind the Scenes Disney documentaries later....
I saw you!
i'm usually in DC all day Tue and Thu, we'll stop in if we can. keep sharing those pics, it'll draw us in soon!
Expectation is the root of all heartache. William Shakespeare
Your just the best thing ever!!
My kids r playing school while I finish up work 4 the day. I love it that they r currently on a field trip 2a Museum w/their pretend school!
"Cut down that which is most beautiful" - Our one and only objective
Don't they walk Lucroy then to face Aoki instead? Still probably a better chance then Zach though. Buy a beer :)
nobody shuld b able 2 destroy ur peace of mind unless u allow them 2...
After a dentist appt I went to the Pronto corner store which is full of candy & sweets. My teeth ached.
That #RoryMcDonald Kid is a Stud!! This Kid Has Future World Champ written All over Him! This Kids Potential is Unlimited.
Just did all my laundry. I have six unmatched socks. SIX. How is that even mathematically possible?
huh....then tell her ass to get it fixed DUH
once the #redsox get a manager, who are target free agents for the #hotstoveseason?
Never stop dreaming, there's nothing wrong with wanting something more.
So far I have 4 black and 5 red! Anyone else wanna vote?
my theory for how shane and the guy they held captive became walkers was when shane cut his hand open on the bus he got walker blood in his.
Great talk last nite at ONA Thanks!
If there were a York Peppermint Patty diet, I'd go on it.
Police search Minneapolis fire station find drugs inside. 3 people including a firefighter arrested. KSTP-TV at 5pm.
somewhat. I'm working to get up some videos about them later next week
Thanks to winemaker John Bojanowski and for a great night of food and Clos du Gravillas wines!
My life will be back to normal after the weekend.
you obviously didn't see my rts of ;p
Bright and early on a #sat morning in #vegas. Its a great day for some
Landing in Vegas just in time to miss the #Pacquiao fight. Uncool
I love him live. He truly is an entertainer.
Getting ready to head out play You SIng in My Soul with singer songwriter Eric Wefald today in Lowell, MA at 1pm.
haha! Congrats! Definitely more of a commitment than a typical startup but also more upside!
Today I am, yes - came all the way from DC to visit people and no one is here!
Watched this weeks "live" 30 rock last night - I liked that they did a west coast live version too rather than the regular
Sorry I was a bitch to you, I just want things to be good...not bad??
An older woman asked me why I died my hair blue earlier today, because she wanted to know if I had lost a bet.
#shsconfessions I hate almost everybody in the Freshmen class.
The only thing bigger than Clark is my support for Austin.
Sometimes I sit Indian style on the commode
Two days of school in front of me, and then a 5 day weekend.. I think i can handle it.(:
What it do y'all be blessed...
Fresh cut grass & newborn calves... Some days you just need to stop and appreciate the finer things in life.
it's just something you have to experience for youself. Words can't describe or explain
the boys are always happy to see you.
Thanks everyone for the chat today!
#FF to our new followers. Looking forward to your tweets!
Kief always gets me go-oooooood.
SuperFans are quickly emerging out of #Singapore! Sales are catching up with our#US Family. How about an intl competition?
Nice Pic Homie! Were u at?
"""Why has slamming a ball with a racquet become so obsessive a pleasure for so many of us?"
You guys know about cubic zirconias? Well, if you pick the right glass shard from a broken windshield, its like you cant tell the difference
oh lord.. they don't know it all :\\
o love you justin
Delaware Bio Honors Its 2012 Annual Award Winners
thanks for the love
hahaha okay that sounds good!! I like that other song by Avril L. Called wish you were here it's a sad song though hahaha
If two people are happy together, then leave them alone...
well I havent been on here in a while
ask when its gonna be on itunes
STFU!!!! RT all the wrong ones doing the right things.
RT After considerable field observation I've concluded that Subarus run on ennui and a vague sense of personal disappointment
I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump & grind
>News Text Cash Network( New Company Listing ) Text Cash Network, Inc. "TCN", based in Boca Raton, Florida, offers mobile marketing and b
meditation margaritas moon
yayy!!! Yes please!!!! :)...maybe this weekend? :) What are you doing?
The problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk, they're sober. -William Butler Yeats
absolutely! I'll take any and all advice!
wait are they even on tonight
great video man!
send it my way too!!!!
Enjoy hot air balloon rides 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
That'll do it. And..."loving room" = living room?
From our family to yours, we wish you happiness and health this holiday season!
yooooooo Alex! you are so reem. (that's English slang for cool ;) ) x
Congratulations to all the #cheeseheads.!!!
Some women like a steady rhythm when getting eaten. Pay attention to where you are licking, how fast, and how your tongue is shaped
I will save you some Cajun fries! #I'madeadman
<3 People drive like shit my friend. Corey has road rage ;x lol same here :-) hairy oranges get asked because
hey Shatner. Aren't you supposed to be studying?
“ *low battery* *low battery* *low battery* Well, apparently, you have enough battery to remind me every 2 seconds.
Wow, Hudsanity sure ended quickly.
Cambridge has found another way to make my finals week ever more stressful
Missing New Orleans right now! Watching HBO Series "Treme" on DVD! I wanna go back HOME!!!!!!
Excited to work on edits w/ author of Draftee:The mostly true tales of a rear echelon mother f**ker" What a read!
VERY COOL! ^JW
o look who took home the victory today..the black mamBa bitch!!!!!
Manage expectations
haha what!? who said that lmao i don't think I'm grown up but Im getting there. i finally know how to drive :)
I love watching my mom get tattoo's ((: she's SO tough ;) . Hahahaha
Prentice! I didn't get to officially say goodbye. It's not the same without you here. Pouring out a Big Bark for you now...
I actually feel kinda bad. Can we give the Warriors fans some tacos?
Watching the nanny:)
#Christmas retweet to us if you had any bit of a White Christmas!!
no we left at 8
did you see the pic ?
Are mindes of men, become so voyde of sense, / That they can ioye to hurte a harmlesse thing? / A sillie beast, which cannot make defence?
See article in WS Journal's Relish today about SECCA's entertainment for tonight's opening: Miss Eaves, page 2.
"If we can't get rid of skilled workers who are a bad culture fit, we're not being responsible leaders." ~ Paul Spiegelman (via Inc)
Isn't that the truth!!
my cat, Barry, may be slightly cuter if I could get him to be photogenic.
Ok we have our top 5 winners! Are you tweeps ready?!
You didn't tell me you were a blogger. Hope you don't fall asleep tomorrow!
watching Parent Trap with , now where is ??
James Harden bout to put Artest in the cup..
That's what cocaine is for.
You're welcome! RT : #MKE panel on design, technology and startups - thx to sponsors
I'm gonna marry that kid 💍
im exhausted. and I can't stop thinkin about this college ish.
ben howard was amazing in the live lounge today
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone. - Henry David Thoreau
still waiting for you to come show me how to. I need help
No, Happy Anna Howard Shaw Day to you, sister!
How do you guys feel about the #Rockthebells2012 ticket prices?
I almost tripped and died thank you very much.
hahah! Jw.. How old are u?
Thanks for your recent ONS-related tweets.
Another new year / is fast on the horizon / its promise within
Please announce/promote this wonderful scholarship opportunity to all you know in #Baltimore: www.DistinguishedYW.org
Hello! Glad you could visit the museum. Did you enjoy the exhibits?
US DOL: Comment period for proposed OT rules for in-home care services workers starts Dec. 27; runs through Feb. 27, 2012.
thanks, thats a great help
So happy you found the photo, ! Good meeting you, too, & thanks.
healthy rivalry definitely helps #GrowtheGame!
I'm fucking tired... Aaron needs to wake the fuck up so we can get my amp and shit over here so i can go home and pass the fuck out. XD
Modelo? Corona? Dos xx Lager? Tecate? Which beer is your favorite?
Well I can't say anything cause I don't know anything but what i do know is that she just wants the best for you.
no joke, his daughter came in and i met her. he stormed the beach at normandy and lived. no joke, received the medal of honor
U.S. Stocks opened in red, following rally that helped push #Dow to best closing level in more than 4-years, after ADP employment report.
got some dope joints. What the F''k you think they rhyme for?
Exactly RT : “: Thinking about buying some stocks for Facebook.” 👈a good investment
"Loser" by Beck . . . RT: - Obama sang "Let's Stay Together"; Romney sang "America the Beautiful." What should Newt sing?
Will do!
Is that nice, even if the worst enemies to best friends sometimes. :) ♥
more moronics. ESPN site states...Palmer has been working out in Southern California with former Jets quarterback Ken O'Brien.
The reality check of signing up for Interregnum prep lecture and academic writing: actually reading A Connecticut Yankee. Sorry
loved the game Bulls @ LA lakers, saw it in live !
see ya march 9th
Aw engagementiversary twins!!!
yea but I leave Bacc out in the am
my pleasure
when I teach my students about it they never believe me
is there a way to listen to your podcasts with an iPhone?
it will be very awkward in 80+ years when kansas etc has to unwrite their grandparent's redic notions of conservative values.
It would be ill-mannered of me to indicate what I thought the outcome of this evening's second #FrozenFour semifinal would be.
#RealTalk #Truth RT : The Black Eyed Peas make me want to quit music.
RT : Artist in ironic mutton chops electrifies crowd
I'm curious about that coor's and lime... Let me know how it tastes.
Like seriously it have ah dude who needs to stop tweeting...Like Now!!!!!
Thanks Susan!
Some things never change. I suck at this part.
#Newzealand shows why they are no. 1, taking down defending #SouthAfrica 20-7. #Samoa v #Fiji next & crowd is going nuts!
let me know wen y'all ready to chief
See you at #WHTweetup!!! congrats!
No #coasset amendments!
- Congrats to your bro and family.
" Nothing is too small to know, and Nothing is too big to Attempt. "~~~William Van Horne
And please tell me no one mentioned the words "digital native" at the conference.
watch out Linda, those Boston fans egos can take up a lot of roon
currently planning my route from Chicago to Texas. looking forward to summer.
Aye was bosh hurt an excused used?
Thanks so much for all of your support, !
actually does a good job at acting smart...
LETS GO BRUINS! 4games down 1to go till Marchand comes back <3! Wicked hyped! :D
Say what you want about my music, people still love and follow the bands after 30+ years of them being together.
It can be a very cool job. Hope you enjoy reading!
FA Cup final. Come on you redmen!!!!!
#nw to catch a predator
run, yes. bike, yes. it's on our MC1R protein i guess.
Jammin out to spice girls hell yah time
Just played H2 with HAble, it was an honor to get crouch-bxred by him
Fanny pack needs to go... If rng goes home ill CUTT A HOE.
I'm sure there was finger pointing too. I hate this part of parenting.
Happy Holidays from all of us here at KPBS. And here's to a prosperous New Year.
#EBUS118 that's my favorite feature of I get so much done by pre-scheduleing tweets!
Knowing is Saving: a Water Impact Calculator to Help Indian ...
I do follow many of my fans, including you now ;)
Thanksgiving with will be spent quoting 90s rap songs in a booth at Bob Evans, I can see it now.
hey do you know what time is our practice tomorrow?
I start my first (ever) yoga class at a studio in the West Loop. Any idea where I can get a Prada mat,
Thanks We love busting paradigms. #inn12 is great for busting out of the typical textbook mindset.
Aaron Rodgers just went Beast Mode!
(c) And that's what caused it to fall on him. He said "Okay, okay. I hope it falls on YOUR head and you have to get stitches." :/
Banana Raisin Swirl Cakes today for National Pancake Week :D
well done, my friend. Well done.
I am thinking aside from the guys wearing hotdog costumes you would think they look good...LOL
steve, you're awesome
Apartment > Light Rail > Path > Amtrak > Baltimore. Then reverse... Did I mention the sled dogs?
Getting ready to head back out for day 2 of registry week - surveying the homeless downtown San Diego.
TONIGHT ELEGANCE $3 DRINKS TILL 12 $100 BOTTLES ALL NIGHT!! HOSTED BY DJ ROK & KITCHEN OPEN 21+
I live in one.
Likely in NYC the 1st wknd of Feb. First things first: when are we taking over Durham for MV XXIX?
Mac miller of the soul
oh thanks! Btw fossil has a giraffe necklace
I don't have homework. I'm so... confused. What do people do with their time?
stripburger wit Angel fun too, now get up n goji and bakes wit Evita
Why would anyone go see a cover band of a band that still plays shows?
perfect game to miss, right?
moving from a slow burn to an all out fire, break out the marshmallows
Hashtag game time. What is #WorseThanTraffic?
actually. Tomorrow starts the 40 days I convert over to being Methodist. So I don't give up anything
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed :) RT : LOVE IT!! particularly the editorial with those bright colors! Very fun!
A beautiful girl with a horrible personality is such a waste.
M It should include some of those nori cups! :D
Schools coming I cant wait to see all my friends.
Apparently all I'm good at doing is intruding. So fuck all y'all.
You know the recession isn't quite over when the secret service wont even pay their prostitutes.
told ya it wasn't a word. But I like how you take the fight to Webster's doorstep every day.
Going to see Sasha Baron Cohen's latest tonight with my nephews - I'm a fan - hope to not be disappointed
Drama is like a plate of meat and potatoes, comedy is rather the dessert, a bit like meringue
The LTD Living Dangerous Shirts have been ordered!!! So excited right now!
I had one pair of miraculous shorts from H & M that reached the end last summer. Gotta find more like that.
Thank you very much :)
on the ipad for the night.... wonderful music, hilarious and awesome show, incredible women
I should get my mind off of you.....i got shyt to do....
trust me, I wont ;)
Todd Hayley, you are dressed like a slob.
*back to dying in the computer lab*
Yeah! When's it comin out?
Too many movies I wanna watch, so much sleep I don't have
": “: ": I'm about to go make a peanut butter sandwich or sumn"make me one.” but"no buts. I'm hungry
I'm fighting the need to laugh. It's rather painful.
Where are 's eyedrops when you need them?
: It's funny how seriously the black people in my dorm take all star Saturday night.
Yep I'm definitely in love now. Like with all of them too.
Have you played #maypayne3 yet? Thoughts?
awwwee you better go monday tho' teacher told me that if we dont perform we fail his class -.- dumb ass teacher lol
RT if inspires you in many ways. Alli Inspires Us (:
they ain't the Knicks bruh u gas'd on these pacers
they're muy terrible! -.-
Thanks for your help today!
Are libraries moving from collections to connections? - Firestone.
This is my last spring break ever...so weird!
How about the Weinstein Center? Or what side of town are you on?
Thanks for being our fan. Glad you had a good experience
Hagadorns class is going to kill me today
If you look good with out all your makeup on!!!
Just went all white girl ninja on lizzy. <3
Grateful for friends in the business who can share the frustrations as well as all the successes, big and small. #grateful 2012
LOVE that Verizon commercial with people imitating Clay Matthews's beast mode
Hey I am a big fan of you. It would mean the world if you followed me back. :-)
well hello !!
Thanks for the follow! We love to save people money just like you do! It's nice helping people save, isn't it?
I can't wait to meet you.
need to look there more!
hahaha well good luck at the lake
Wow they just gave it away again!!
trololol squidward is melted in a jar
Lessons from a creative company's handbook for new hires: 1. It's your job to insert yourself wherever you think you should be.
swing and a miss. Lmao
Working with today first day as a freelancer. I will be on GRAND CENTRAL station if you want any makeup tips & shopping :-)
what email client are u using now? for a summer project, I am seeking a better email client to use with a gmail backend.
If the demo's Japanese only, then make a Japanese PSN account and download it off their store.
lol las dos!
Congratulations on the wonderful feedback to your thesis, Ed! Good luck wrapping it up soon.
sophomore in HS drinking a margarita. WHY
Too late, I'm sure.
Love you too!!!
had a really fun date with my wife for lunch today!
Pinterest needs to start truncating comments so all images are uniform and all boards are evenly geometric.
Please follow me, Michele!:)
On the menu tonight: King salmon with fennel, bunching onions, tonnato, olivada and sieved egg. Also, Happy Hour from 5:30-7:00!
See u there! POW!
Yes, it has been! Have missed the lot of you around here. And DAMN YOUSE, Lakers!! :P
Chaparral football coach Dave Huffine just confirmed that #NotreDame recruit Davonte Neal has withdrawn from high school cc:
thanks for the shout out!!!
all class, all the time. Thanks for the laughs!
really?Damm Your parents need to move over here!
When we touch the Devine and Believe God, sins will be forgiven; diseases will go; circumstances will change.
Another beautiful day in vegas..the Hard Rock had some smokin hot talent last night and loose black jack tables!!
Happy Thanksgiving from the
FINALLY SSBB is getting a price drop to $29.99 on June 10th
hey Bruce, The Next Web is posting content in your stream like RTs constantly. Might want to check it out.
Has everybody like quit gs?
hey that's pretty good :)
. "Making beautiful things ugly with 1's and Zeros for the last 25 years"
After the write a blog post. First 10 people to write a review about the event get free tickets to the next #ChocolateTweetup!
You are beautiful. is a lucky man :)
Free Tah Play With Dah Stick, Please Dont Break Dah S**t, Cause Im Daht One Tree That Has Only 1 Stick #BeCareful;)
in Tip for you: '82 everyone hit Wisconsin ave especially around Marquette area- hungry fans....
I'll take you up on the SEPTA riding. Green liners unite.
Visit our bowling game booth at Fenway college day today! Bowl a strike and win a free t shirt!
Got plenty of tweets scheduled...went back & added some for Sat plus all the ones I already had set for Sun. Love HootSuite!
its all love lets work
When a girl says, "Don't worry about it", you better be more worried about it than anything else.
And I'm officially awake, running on 1 hour sleep. Thursday nights are brutal – basketball till 9 or 10 and work at 5. Hard to wind down.
hello guys...
Getting Thirsty? We are .... Tequila Thursday!
when do the new classes get class sets?
Do you hate time zones? Cause I do 😔
Bummer. RT Bucks officially eliminated from playoffs as 76ers blast Nets.
Discussing the role of the public in disaster and EM policy in Interlocken A
At #TWIA oversight hearing, TWIA chief reports that TWIA is financially solvent and has resources necessary to pay claims.
I go around looking for nos, in to get one no closer to a yes
Good Morning
Thanks for the mention and I also wish I could be there.
off work...time to play! :)
Saying, "I'm almost there" when you actually haven't even left the House.
Allow me to crack my knuckles and say, "Well, if I must..."
"An Evening With My Comatose Mother" #HSFF Twenty thumbs up!
That sounds exciting and intriguing! Keep me posted!
Thanks for getting us to 2,200 likes on facebook! We appreciate your support.
Why do we learn math ?Its not that we're goin to ask the seller:Can I please have a x1 and pls put it on a Z,I'll pay u with Y.
maybe you should leave. You could be bad luck.
lolol the vid u posted is Chris Brown- take you down haha ;)
That's good, Porter, because they're sniffing your ether everywhere! So enjoy the fruits :-)
I had no expectations for the Twins this year, but it's just ridiculous how awful they are. Still watching them?
is so nice! I don't get people are hating on her
I'm at the #OSDBU conference today. T. White Parker at booth 335
Keeping it 100!! U can hit hard no doubt about it, I give u that tho fa sho!!
He got the job! I'm so excited for my husband. He works so hard for our little family. ~ Life of a #wife - Support your #husband :)
Awesome! : Some exciting powwow sessions this at powwow - announcing an award for best session for presenters tomorrow
I got a friend named Reggie who lives down at the dump. Never had any schoolin' and he's just fine. Homeless, but fine.
Game over thunder won ! Laker is nothing to them!
thank you!!
celebrating easter with coffee and taxes :)
I choke everyday about mid show!
New Facebook SUX!
thanks so much for following me <3
ganging up on you? That's funny, I mean, you can get Diego to say something to me but that's not mean?
Wt. My mom. OhYeaah Mom. The Big Night :)
where do you guys get these scorpians?! o_o
