what are you wearing today?
looking forward to catching up with you guys when you get here permanently!
Fear the beard.
seems to be down, anyone else having this issue?
Male swimmers have the best bodies, m m eye candy!
Happy Anniversary, Laura! Thank you for all you do.
nick via me via twitter: dropped the lighter under my bed =( #stonerproblems #someonepleasecomepickitupforme?
Zayn , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
I need that 3k
Honey badger invented elearning. ( told me to do it)
Glad dis pic is still in the 92q recent pics!! I miss dem ravens!!
Alright, back to homework.
I LOVE SWEET TEA <3
Don't follow your heart, Lead your heart.
Do you have your "I dream of Jeanie" outfit on?
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
Sounds like no one's definition of a good time. Good luck
Started sleeping with the lights on. Oddly enough, I week up feeling alert and ready to fight. Gonna keep doing it.
Agree on being blind on anything, but that is as far as I would go. Can you name one succesfull country clearly on the left?
i donated my movie night $ to help get to total bummer fest in their busted car
Yeah, I love my mother-in-law, but she has these ... quirks!
That comment was crushed like a 350-yard drive.
- I appreciate the Retweet <<<<<
re: presentation slides. fantastic! Thanks.
Making rush hour traffic worse will not win #occupysd support.
At the end of the day maybe you did more to help Zapf win than anyone else...
"Centralization and standardization are the wrong outcomes." - Jason Simon on building brand identity at universities
flight is being purchased as we speak
Fair enough. I like your attitude!
Congrats to (Peter Gadiot) for completing his cross-Atlantic trip, rowing to bring attention to modern slavery!
thanks for the RT, Max!!
Oh baby bababyc
Watching a few eps of the 2002 #HeMan & the #MastersoftheUniverse series. Great complement to the orig 80s series w interesting backstories.
stupid! Don't undermine the Judiciary
Middle fingers to my haters mugger fucka I'm gone
59. If either party needs to cancel or reschedule a date, do so as early as possible.
We gone test drive em when i touchdown what the inside looking like?
"No great thing is created suddenly." -- Epictetus, philosopher
Depend on situation and character, just don't run around.
i'M NOt crAyz doE I'M JAy-z
Why does "The White House" have a twitter account!?
The doc said i shouldnt lift more than 10 lbs, yet i have to lug my 165 lb bass cab down 5 flights of stairs. fml
no worries ;) I'm headed back to SF. Hope to keep in touch tho and pls let me know what u think of my music for ur show!
I've been in a good mood all day.... Power of optimism and smiling baby!
life is god
Seth Kahan from is talking about the future of printing HME on 3D printers at 10% of the cost at
Nigga just hacked my shit..Tony that's yo ahh kid kid
. correctly observed that I am the master of Strategic Helping. I help others because it helps me.
Thanks! how was your race yesterday!
#LetsBeHonest is better than
i'm feelin green today...
Random thought: #Twitter is not a social #network. It is an Army. A #Swarm of conciousness.
RT #NPINchat kicks off 4/7 (2pm ET) for. This week’s topic: “Planning Ahead for National Observance Days”
After realizing it wasn't feasible to wear The Most Perfect Earrings to the wedding, I plier'd one into The Most Perfect Necklace.
The rest in commentary.
Brad and Angelina engaged?
Oh yeah, Big Boi also put on a free show.
and I'm staying here too ;3
take me with you to sxsw, please
HE DID EACH THING AS IF HE HAD DONE NOTHING ELSE... Smiles..DNICOLE
Will be inventorying things on walls this week.
lmao Naw you gotta make desert!
I agree,Jr.was always such a class person,truly an ex.of what an nfl superstar always should be.this sucks
You know what it is. You know what it ain't.
We're promoting the honda crz hybrid by collecting/recycling cans to fund road trips in the south. We'd love your support!
wats going on with white steel the guy who fought bowling watz he under investigation for?
what the Schlitz is that about?
GI Joe was fricken Legit! Better late than never!
We're launching forums in May + r looking 4 beta testers. Win an iPad or Xbox (raffle) 4 helping email 4 more
Chris Bosh's strained ab muscle is yet another example of why I don't work out. You can't hurt what you don't have.
Thank you for sharing!
It's Restaurant Week in Brooklyn... heading to Atlantic Ave to enjoy the last couples of nights of great food, low prices and wine wine wine
A3: Relating a cause to a great personal story had been a great way to make a story sharable.
peeps: who did/does the wonderful and famous series of annual photographs for ~five sisters? Spacing and on deadline
Heading over to for today's Nine for $9. A loaded grilled cheese sandwich plus a full bar? Now this is what we're talkin' about!
NWST: #Mariners Reax with and #Blazers for sale? responds to rumors + Snag w/ #Kings new Arena
thanks, ! Miss you already!
who wants to eat TWO subs at 9 am :(
loll, you just tweeted a number from your account :P
thanks! feel free to stop by anytime.
no worries. I found my soul. It got lost around the Canadian border. Forgot its passport.
Is there a way to cheer you on that won't cause diss-topic flashbacks?
Finished the second season of BBC Sherlock and I cannot wait for the third season! Another year or so... Till then, I am held in suspense.
that awkward stage when you have a mortgage, but need to write on your hand to remember to pay it.
SOX: #RedSox not messing with success, sending out same line-up against #Royals LHP Danny Duffy. Daniel Bard for Boston. 8:10 start.
“Courage doesn’t always roar.Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says, I’ll try again tomorrow”- M.A. Radmacher
thanks so much!
no more school. boom.
did you ever buy those zombie books at borders?
Thank you, friend!!
debuting with 'Hold the relish'
is the only reason why I'm watching the Grammy's tonight.
he's a hoeeeee !
Mary Jane is always by me
Hey marketing students. is looking for a digital marketing intern. Details soon…
no it wont! I bet you he'll have more :)
Congratulations to Kathy Rhoades! You are our newsletter subscriber winner for August. Sign up to our weekly newsletter & enter the contest
what kind of bike did you buy?
We'll never be as young as we are right now <3
Because u have a textbook chemical imbalance. U are 1 of us & it's not a bad thing. Reactions are just that. We mean well.
Good night twitter :)
Braved the nasty weather to indulge in great convo and people at
3 shows in one day...2 back to back...throat is def in need of a slurpee...#wherethe711'sat?
Thanks Brandon! We think you're awesome too :)
Oh hello
You're a total pro!
So soggy.
Wow! tore it up on #DWTS One of the best guest performances to be on #love tht song too!
Armondo, We create custom twitter backgrounds for Pro Athletes. WOuld love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM us if U want 1.
I couldnt find u neither. My photo is me in a large screen with a lot of people in the audience looking up at me.
Rail food okay...
All you got is one life so make the best of everyday and do what the fuck you want, fuck what anyone else thinks.
def, I like our crowd too. To clarify, in our discourse & advocacy, refine #opengovdata & #fairelections & #righttovote laws &
very real in mine too!
Am so happy. I am celebrating with sn ncis marathon. Yea yea. I am alive. Thank ya Jesus
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
Follow Monday:
i will be happy to share!!:)
Almost done with my english paper wooot! Success!
I completely understand. Can you please email me your # so I can personally give Bev the message?
“: Is it brown?” and a bit redish
I am going to say some serious deep prayers for you tonight... Unfortunately I don't believe your boys can do it without you!
so true
why because my mom cares?
which song?
lol i just get on my mom computer when she's gone and i MIGHT buy a new laptop soon
not out here
RT Geminis are so sharp and quick, wanting to learn all they can, it can be a weakness.
Is trying to get to focus.
Could this having anything to do with the Boston Redsox amazing start to the season?
I had already forgotten your love, but a simple "hello" reminded me of what I feel for you!
#MondayNightRaw is in Pittsburgh n I couldn't go :'(
and yes, I will add to me calendar for next time!
What more perfect than being on CNN? Him being on CNN right before the #Superbowl!
So much change is on the brink of happening...I'm a little unsure about how I feel about it
Never, never, never quit. Winston Churchill
Call it a protest against austerity, Josh, and give it a go. Just have insulin shots standing by.
Hey all! This is the new official Ecocity Builders account. Please follow us here for daily updates on the green world
Thank you, David!
woo hooo!!! :) Yours are still spaced further than mine. 14 months apart gets tricky. :)
im bouta try n slide thru...
nice card. Thanks! Klavika?
oh boy am I feeling that! :-(
Swisher ties the game at 2-2 as he doubles to bring around Alex Rodriguez and Robinson Cano.
Crash with injuries in the intersection of Hamilton Drive and East Hampden Avenue. Rescuers en route.
hey love(: wassup??(:
||...+ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
"I thought hurricane season was over!"
it wouldnt hurt you to follow back
Tonight's patient: The human equivalent of a red rubber ball.
Mercy, William.
Ovechkin is a piece of shit....I hope he ruptures an ACL
“: #PINA is still playing at I may see it again this week. (this would be my 4th time)”
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':6
RT : This is just a little far...ugh! Running for class president or USA President? #justsayin <-how so?
you can't deny liking it even if you tried! hahaha
- page not found
That's my target demographic! #MakeMoneyMoneyMoney RT : Sucka ass niggaz wearing shades to a damn basketball game....
check out our new events page here on twitter....
if I could be invisible for a day, the first thing I'd do is go streaking through the quad and into the gymnasium !
#thoughtyouwerecuteuntil I saw you light up that cigarette.
i wonder why is always on twitter during spanish........ I wonder ~Jaiya Perez
i have kip's song to lafawndah stuck in my head.
Who hasnt ever BEEN to a Concert? YOU #NEVER WILL. THIS IS A LOST IN #RAP HISTORY. RiP
When I stole her gatorade i drank most of it then filled it back up with water and slipped it back in her bag. I don't feel bad haha
I guess girls with big thick-rimmed glasses are cool now. I did that
Most of us are tired of being treated like jokes by worthless people wiling to believe men can't be raped.
"Code like it’s 1999 (literally) and use inline CSS." Ugh. Really? Do I have to?
That Easter Candy Aisle is magical for adults...so many great memories of childhood. Sometimes you just need to stop & enjoy
split double team dunk
We HAVE to send Veras down the road. He is fucking terrible.
my neighbor seems to have an unnatural obsession w/using his chainsaw every single day grrr
Thanks for the recommendation!
Nipples are the thermometer of life.
I want go home but the music won't let me. LOL. Bad music!!
haha she was like he's 19 and I was like no he's 18!!! Then I said he's birth facts and she shut up lol
Range Rover Evoque special edition with Victoria Beckham makes global debut in Beijing
thanks for the visual. It can't be unseen.
RT Scrolling through the pix I took today from my phone and find multiple freaky pix of & #nightmstonig ...
Life is not permanent, but eternity is.
you have a free place to stay in LA if you want to come back within the next few months :D. Probably should..
Aw! thank you!! #justasothankfulgirl RT I just bought all your new songs on #itunes. your too talented!
We've been featuring a couple of your notebooks in Explore and to new #springpad sign-ups. Loving your notebooks! :)
I hope so! Should be moving my brother out of SM next month...maybe then? :)
He argued that the basic anxiety of [humanity] is anxiety about being-in-the-world, as well as anxiety of being-in-the-world
u should totally follow shes a sweet person and a HUGE fan!
Well the talk on the street says you might go solo!
I have breaking news for u, sweetheart!
I set those as video responses but don't see them yet, does it usually take a while?
merry Christmas to you too!
definitely praying that God will use you tonight in whatever way He chooses, God Bless!
As an FYI, all charges were later dropped by police
The Brown Sugar ones come in reduced fat, have one of those instead! #TweetDontEat that pop tart!!! :)
Recuperating from six days in North Carolina with my son and his family. Flight home began at 3:30 AM MST. Yikes!
Going to stay up all night and watch scary movies :)
you know you love every minute
I'll be Live Behind the Scenes of the #1 rated Radio station, JACK 100.7 FM with Dave, Shelly and Chainsaw tomorrow a.m. on
Ok regroup! We're headed to The Gallery!
Actually, since we are officially "Brothers" and family... No need to thank them. I sense genuine character of whom they raised.
wild pitch moves Posey to third and then Weeks can't handle a hot grounder with the IF pulled in, TIE. GAME. 4-4
. CEO Todd Marks delivers honest, humble & humorous remarks after being recognized as 2012 CRTV
I think its lemonade ?. Im not sure ..
the jesus of suburbia!!
Yay! Cocktails! RT : Agree with helping writing reach greater heights #shehechat ... Did someone say cocktails?
who's arm is that?!
Mass Effect 3 LE version unboxing being filmed now. Posting soon (check IGN's front).
it's everything about you ,you ,you everything that you do ,do do. ♥ ♥ OMG! ,follow me? ♥
What program do you use for editing if I may ask?
some bitches need to just stop talking for a second,learn to listen and think before they speak
"You’ll never find fulfillment if you hide from your dreams."
Today is Dermot Day so I get to have mellow music..later today...:) Love Jamaica..and Reggae....:) And Rasta..:)
i miss youuuurr face! :( are you home or in the BMore?
congrats, you #TED rockstar, you! cc/
On tap now #Rogue chocolate, #Blvd chocolate and on cask: snowmageddon with cocoa nibs!
i'll match ya
my thoughts Hun. My thoughts
That movie is so stupid!
"I KNO' I'M UNDER SURVEILANCE, YALL KNO THIS IS THUG LIFE BA-BEH'!!!! BUT I'M KNOWING!!!!"-2PAC ALL EYES ON ME
Thanks for the K.
When u feel Whatchya feel sometimes ...... But at ur best u r love (Aaliyah voice ) luv dis track
I'm working in it!
Everyone should go follow my favorite rapper ever. he "Go hard in the paint" hahahaha But fo real. He go ham.
Good morning! Coffee is tasting quite delicious right now...can't wait to get back to the track tomorrow!
Any Focus readers going to connections?
OH OK. YOU WORKING TODAY?.
you're welcome :D thanks for the follow too!
Hate to admit but watching #DWTS and Donald Driver who just nailed it again.
Have a good weekend!
I was just referred as "gal" today by another lawyer.The bar says that is unacceptable. So is publishing false info. Get a life.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY it's the 6th anniversary of your 21st right? :P
Power outage in Southeast Seattle.
I thought so too. Where have you been hiding, beautiful?
Hit Estee Lauder counters thursday from 5 - 9 pm for free 7 day sample of advanced night repair synchronized recovery complex.
Pig face was amazing, thanks for the recommendation and.....I got tickets yesterday to NEXT Childhood!!!
Every person has the rights to be the person they want to be. . .
Adding another item to the really interesting to yourself but not interesting 2 anybody else list: my iPad
So much to do!!! I'm still not ready for this Christmas thing....
a little late but I hope you had a great Easter!!
Ah, yes. Good old modest reforms.
Wow I'm actually.. Reading.. A book.
where do u live anyway?
Blessed is he who expects nothing for he shall never be disappointed.
Protestor waiting on Arson Charges for starting traditional bonfire at dawn
Today seems like an excellent day to go to the casino.
long time, no tweet...ha ha...hope all is well...peace
I get underwhelmed the more times I stop at Burger King.
Great weekend, its been so relaxing.
Make two nights a week technology-free.
Hi David, we just checked your order and it has been applied. Give us a call if you have questions 888-937-6677
Take the ipa challenge at double wide grill.
is Baby fat, baby fat and juicey, Aww I would do good if it was the
Yikes. Glad you're on the mend.
Prepare yourselves weary souls, the Federation is here to save you 8.1.11
yup an iPhone 4G
Watch the news tonight for coverage over our Safe Place balloon release! Thanks , and for coming out!
Happy birthday, America!! So proud.
We loved it. BF (Frank, ) saw it already, this was my first viewing.
Thanks to Everyone, were glad we can share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
what happened to your iphone! =[
"The most I can do for my Friend is... simply to Be his Friend" --Henry David Thoreau
One of your best traits, the Randomness.. To go from "Hilarious Video" to "Bullshit Soap" in under 60 seconds. #LOVEIT :D
I think they were adopted bros. My gf says just BFFs. A round of drinks is on the line if one of us can confirm either way.
For Mother's Day, my sis made me buy Mom Downton Abbey. The way y'all go on and on, I'm askeered to watch. It may eat into my TwitterTime.
My plate, your fucking out!!!!!
Ian omg you sexy mutha fucker.
"I can make it through the rain." AKA a really busy, productive day. Hello 2002 Mariah Carey.
There's the art house movies and the action movies and the chick films. I think the same thing's happening with actors - Edward Furlong
Nice drop Forte! Get it together BEARS!
BALLGAME! TRIBE WINS
Heck yea RT >> i know rite its gonna be dope!!!
Keep you word.
Such a busy day.. Tired..
I just got on the bus from big e! Im frigging soaked xD lol had a great time :-P
Gonna jack off to it?
I don't!!! I've only used it at gas stations and Chipotle. haha
lions and tigers and (fuck) bears! oh my!
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie.
That's nice of you! Do you ever visit Philly? i know you do NY? Just curious....
Face Off With Max Kellerman: Mayweather/Cotto Premieres Tuesday, April 3 on HBO
thanks so much! Not anytime soon but hopefully one day :)
My cuz needs help. Can't work like he use to.
Speaking as a librarian, that is an *awesome* combination.
idk. But I like fabulous, so I'm gonna keep sayin it.
Anyone else up?
Happy Anniversary ! You Guys Rock!
oh, the length one will go to for dp dough..
the BBQ shrimp Fettucini is amazing! And red beans and rice remind me of home #NewOrleans. Glad U brought this flavor 2 #DC!
Put your guns away, kids. Let's hang soon and thank you! for the bday wishes.
Thanks for the follow! Great to meet you.
is joining deca again? And yhu have to start wearing it more often, so i'll notice yhu.
trying to figure out how my followers stay at 165 when i keep gettign followers
you ain't lying...Rock the RED SOX GEAR to show love same with the NE Patriots...
cant wait to hear the new title :)
i would love to visit london some day
what I'm scared
ohh god Ryan looks like a god!! And I really love Eric too!! I also like Jamareo! He just a cute piece of ass!! Hahha
you're insane. Humidity is the Antichrist
HERE WE GO3rd OT!
Thanks! It's a tough job, but someone has to do it.
I'm having a full blown panic attack at 3AM. Body, just let me sleep.
Thank you bro!
Saw Gone and now im freaked out..
RT : You have the power within you to create the world as you wish, with the power of love you can create anything.
Thank you Pittsburgh, Less than a year, over 100 satisfied clients.
The Republicans have NO SHAME.
I hope we find the pot of gold that #AGCZ is mining at the end of next week since rumor is that 2m promo start next week
follow me back :))
I want to use Tivity to learn how to surf in Hawaii! See you there!
It might one day! I've taken a long break from MTA, using the Circulator instead. I know I will have to use MTA soon tho
:) why thank you!!
im glad.. its a reminder to me to start searching for a new free twitter design. oof! ha!
DOT COM!!!
Keep ya head up *2 Pac voice*
Since I'm out of town tomorrow, taco Tuesday has been moved to taco Monday until further notice.
Professionally Unprofessional
Congratulations on taking a stand once you know it's poltically safe, Obama.
Ok, it's booked! Doing anything cool today?!
35 min. Late to class. Wouldn't it just be rude to walk in now?
It's $15 per session for the 10-week class and $130.00 if you pay up front. Each class is 85 minutes long with a maximum of 30 students (15…
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is that i feel so alone even when theres a million people around me.
Fun times ahead!! RT : On my way to see for brainy fun!
I sell and install an antenna that brings in over 30 local broadcast channels off of the Sandias, absolutely free. John - 350-6428
Diamondisc Audio - Magic Miracle Polish for your songs. Professional Mastering for any budget. Make your tracks sparkle!
zee hunger games???:)
RT : I never found anyone who didn't like Thuy Doan. She died of cancer today at the age of 25.
why have ex and non-ex tags? non-ex doesn't seem player friendly at all
I'll be in the building. I'll make sure it's done correctly and with care.
royals in 11. great game. anyone dvr it? heard the guys i was with and i made it on tv a few times.
Are you a content consumer or creator?
The Goonies was rated #2 best movie for Tweens :D
The Black Women Expo is looking for experienced Bartenders for an event on the 29th of March! email with your resume!
How about debt dischargeable in bankruptcy vs. albatross debt?
I always contemplate whether I made the right decision on majoring in Criminal Justice when my passion is for Music..
I haven't asked: How was the event? #miFordLatism Wish I coulda been there to represent
I truly feel for the people of Jamaica n the hardship they endure daily n the way of violence, however I don't plan on being +
After reading Hunger Games, I'd forgotten Rue and Thresh were "dark-skinned". I just assumed they'd cast the two best actors for the movie.
This concert is like a damn obstacle course with these kids and their hula hoops.
Albon: FrontlineSMS Radio lets questions come in via SMS and answers are broadcast out, govt officials participate
He only cashes LARGE AMOUNTS! $$$
A pre-brow wax mimosa. Among many things I love about
#doyouthinkitsweird we scream at the tv screen "look out! Behind you! Awh, bitch run!!!!! Don't look back!" ???
thx for following me! Have a blessed day
A pretty girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass, but u my friend, yes you, you can kiss my ass.
Having lunch
Hi to your Mom. Have fun in NYC. :-)
if you can't handle my worst you aint gettin my best
You can spend your whole life holding on or you can show that idiot who broke your heart what he is missing.
They be having that guap, tho. And I need that.
then who did lol
-------><-----somebody is getting more gorgeous as the years pass...
Thanks to anybody who came out to UNF tonight and partied with us!
Unfortunately, hyperthyroidism is very common in cats. Rx treatment is often needed perpetually. We can make it EASY to administer! Call!
Merry Christmas to you too. Here's to getting together in the New Year!
Undergraduates have graduated. Now we wait for the graduate students to do the same.
More sex negativity in the news. I say turn it around. It's an inspirational sex positive even when disabled story
Lol right! I think they did it on purpose but we shall see what they have in store. Maybe they'll listen on Finchel...
hey dilemma...checked out the project...let's talk...inbox me when you get a sec.
There's no doubt I'm one blessed girl
Watch #Barack #Obama on RIGHT NOW!
re: big hair. Could be your new tag line!
Big thanks to for an intensely informative #PdPlus call on the state of online privacy! Really enjoyed it.
Lamborghini mercy, Yo chick she so thirsty
Woohoo!! Thanks everybody! We reached 15K "Likes" today!
I haven't talked to you in a few days, but I'm actually doing okay.
Im a clam. Hard on the outside but soft on the inside, real soft. ^_^
If you want to add to your BBM come to tonight
Here we go dress rehearsal!
Tweet off !RT : answer when I call b
“: I know we 'bout to sin; but your body is a blessing.”<<Ayee
Well, that doesn't mean he's straight.
I swear #oomf confuses me so fucking much -_____-
Evaluating impact on the market is very important: are you causing harm for an owner?
it just said 298 for me !
#ShoutOutToGuysThat Will ask out girls with game <3, not a text...
And once again i hav managed to stay up all nite. Not to mention being ditched by so now im texting... DylanMyBro!:P
You are in control of your thoughts. Your thoughts can change your life!
A Belated THANLS for the mention-You ROCK!!!
Reworking some slides from this week's Chem 6C presentation into images for course LibGuide. Slow going, but
because when a dumb bitch says it, it must be true! An since we hang out with so many people from our school too.. damn
question: what are ways that authors have said word processing has changed their writing? answer: revisions
The GAB voted unanimously today that petitions filed against four GOP state senators were sufficient to trigger recall elections.
#WELCOMEBACKJUSTIN ! WE MISSED YA AND WE'RE SO PROUD OF YA!
Proud of you... Have fun! :)
What is your favorite family spring-time activity?
This nigga still got the mind set that I'm in highschool wtf why did I come home for the summer -_-
your very welcome! :) I'm SOO excited!! Love you! :) 💙
Cool peeps -->
For the record, this was because I was getting TOO much profit and couldn't take the heat
hes all" its just guys dressing as immature men" they think they ALL copy jersey shore i was like thats not a jersey look
too pricey!
What can we dobro help???
RT : Aging, body image, other women's issues subject of art exhibition. Great segment on Women of a Certain Age...
How does foursquare work?
Note to self. don't try and answer your cell phone while on hold on your land line. You know your just going to end up pissing off 2 people.
Had some of the Smokey Mtn. Pretty good. A little less kick I think. : have you tried any of the legal moonshine
Ooh! Jealous! I haven't gone to Hot Doug's yet, but I am a huge Franks n Dawgs fan. Gourmet hot dogs are so good.
it did thanks! finally got in and got two bethels :)
Kenzing*r is the worst beer ever
we still have time (:
Good morning to you!! Busy must be contagious.
Hey, do you still eat 100 plums a week?
Finished with theory part of #databasemanagement class. Very interesting, but challenging.
My heart goes out to the Smith family and to all West Virginians at the loss of former Governor Smith.
"THOSE TWO RIGHT THERE, TAKIN A POOP !"
Hey Kathie. Can you help promote like you do ? #TheLighthouseJukebox is my radio show.
Tatiana Congratulations! You have a FREE pisco Join us tomorrow night for a 2x1 happy hour + your FREE...
Dreamt of the house I grew up in and the dog I gave to my mother last year. WTF, subconscious?
Now I want cake
ugh. me too! this bitch keeps redueling me && kicking my ass! && i wish i was in Hufflepuff. But Gyrffindor is good too. :D
#SongOfTheWeek --Fix A Heart by Love, Love, Love.
well....call me? :D haha jk <3 I'm starting to sign up for med school soon.
thanks baby :))))<333
Space Ghost, Captain Cave Man, Jaber Jaws, Gem, and the Snorks, LOL!!!...the new ones r 2 subliminal & inappropriate 4 kids
meant in jest as you used that tag to describe yourself once upon a time. I still think you're funny.
ex boyfriends these days... smhh. just shut up and leave me alone.
RT : The New York Mets / Madoff clawback jury trial for up to $300M set to start today in NY District Court.
A breeze in the Trees - Bennington Banner
Have a good one Pumi man!
yes & I'd still like to beat the balls off a certain ass bag. Time will come, soon. A verbal ripping w/o him realizing it.
Heck of a game. Eli Congrats!
So incredibly horny
Looking forward to Wine In The Woods - 2011 on Saturday.
HELL NIGHT (1981) is on Netflix streaming! Woo!
I Started This Song Wanna Get On The Track With Me?
Happy Friday! Swing by an use your card case when you pay! It is awesome!
Anyone know of any webcams down on 6th St at #sxsw ?
We ask operators to notify dispatch if they are running 5 mins behind or more. This was not the case in this instance.
Going out to lunch with the girlfriend. this should be interesting...
true story
Any live beat battles popping in the Michigan area let me know me and my people stay wit heat....
Need. To. Sleep..
Hide&seek. At IKEA. #good day.
I just put all of #DowntonAbbey on my holds queue ...the day before my last semester starts
Oh no. Bullshit cries - worried Collin getting a card. He didn't but they got a PK and scored, we are in Trouble in Kansas City!!
I think having an MLS automatically gives you the authority to "delegate"
thank you & you will be my story forever about buying in & positive change. Love you kid. Great things in your future!!
Good morning! Busy day, hoping to get the chance to make something wonderful tonight.
I'd take sleep
okay cool. Any idea what position ? And should I wear cleats?
Check out I wanna go By myself Aaron Davis on Facebook Check out Black cash and militant clic Thats where im at.
I got two jobs and a interview tomorrow .. wish me luckk
Independent Women >>>
Telling your friend your fighting with off and all they can say is "Ok", cause they know your right.
like i said we'll see
my heart just sank.. i think i'm gunna throw up.
view a great web designer and land and business renovator !!
One time I was late for P.E. (about 15 min. late) so our class was already done stretching and when we showed up my teacher was about to ...
For some reason, I'm craving shawarma. Anyone know why? (And anyone in the south SF bay have a good recommendation for getting some?)
$AAPL: And yet it's tough to find many who'll say that they're overvalued. Which is it: AAPL overval'd or MSFT/INTC/GOOG under?
Hey #5D owners! Based on the new specs, how many of you are ready to sell off, trade in, or just chuck your Mark IIs for the Mark I?
Love watching
Tell me what is easier ... crossing a river by walking over a bridge or having to swim across the turbulent waters? That is privilege!
I guess that's what pisses me off the most about her getting off school earlier than me. She could at least be thankful, I still have to ...
Been using GMail. They've done a redesign that's been optional for awhile. They've been threatening forced switchover to new.
wait just kidding, my site wasn't hacked
Success is not the destination; it's a way to travel. ~Denis Waitley
Mobile Security and Application Ecosystems in Flux...
oh good! Osteo sounds scary to me... But I'm sure it'll get better. :)
I know right. I so often have great stuff in my head and then it never gets said. Glad to know I'm not alone:)
k . so give me some tips on what I should do with my pic...besides putting it...Oops never mind. *wink*
Will do - you too! Can't wait for the recording! RT : it was great to have you on the show. Keep inspiring!!
haha no I didn't see it but I'll go with you
I wanna say it but that's so rude like I don't know him lmfao
Mesmerized watching #SidneyPoitier describe growing up in the #Bahamas & his 1st encounter with racism on 's
Bummed that I'm trapped in class and will miss #UWSocial today! Sounds like an awesome presentation.
I have some really awesome friends <3
Text me I need to axe you a question. : we do! after school :) RT : I miss Need to have our Monday
I actually prefer the veggie rolls. But very good.
Better do a shoot on a glacier! I'd love to see girls walk on ice and freeze during a shoot! Tough challenge! Been there, AMAZING
Just had the best salad ever! Can't wait to duplicate the recipe at home for the hubby!!
Clearing drains all over San Diego and saving our clients money evert day. Call us any time 858-583-1798 www.gotdrains.co
Live life to the fullest. If you can't get in trouble for it, it probably isn't worth doing.;D
We are excited as well! See you Wednesday!
I'm scared to answer that ha
Happy Friday!
Thanks for sharing!
RT Ready for CC against Beckett at Fenway tonight let's go Yankees. (Should be fun.)
REGRETTING NOT ASKING FOR A SMOOCH WHEN I MET HER WAH :( :( :(
great song. I like a lot of what I've heard from
Thanks for the follow, we love Da Silvano & your awesome Tuscan dishes!
thanks Jessica!
Just received book 'Rise' - on career, leadership & life - in the mail and can’t wait to read it!
AIM works on my laptop while I'm at school.Do you know how great that is..?
thank you!
Im stealing that!
Jus got payed I feel singing that sing I'm riding around and getin it ! Lol
lineup announced yet?
two more semesters to go
oh yeah? Which part?
haha happens to me on that game all the time! It seems like the answer is on the tip of your tongue
We got to 100! #Thankyou! You like us...you really like us!
I found the child version of Now to get a good creeper picture of him...
Happy Holidays to everyone be safe and enjoy your loved ones C
Real estate attorneys Thomas Kaufman, John Ratino and Christian Hudson joined Goulston & Storrs in Washington, D.C. from Hunton & Williams.
Yep, I enjoy UltraSwim.
I'm done!
hm, same agent that perhaps gave Smith an idea of where Peyton is leaning?
so are we finally going to get a federal investigation?
You can look at some bitches in Pensacola and tell they don't give a fuck about life..
Give up chocolate. The candy... not... :b : I don't think it's necessary for me to give something up. Instead I will share ...
Up next: , social media strategist and author, speaking about LinkedIn: Making the Connection.
unfortunately who could forget, but in general he saw the other end of union support, & picked up a lot of business backing...
no I wrote the ms, found an agent who shopped it around, and it was bought by Gallery/Simon&Schuster
yes, Tesla is my favorite :)
Its fun being a gaylebrity amongst the straight crowd.
Q1) Do you have a dream since you were a child but never pursued it? How do you resurrect it?
lmfao i know
Ppl on my TL funny as hell lol. Too pissed about this game
RT : Launch night. Exciting! Cranking it! *great job everyone!*
Fleury was like the Bride in Kill Bill looking at the blade at her enemies surrounding her, before slaughtering them.
Haha exploded is exactly what happened. I freaked when I saw it! Didn't know I could be so upset w/ a crazy hacker!
okay, so maybe hasn't won The Glee Project yet. But mark my words...
well. judging from today's trending hashtags, i'm not the only one who didn't sleep last night...
I don't know. We'll have to find out I guess. I hope I don't have to watch Tim Teabag
I hope this helps more people understand why I will never write a piece of code for that company.
The last time we were closed it closed on us last minute ! So eh' please do! ;)
America, lets give more support to Newt Gingrich!!! He is a great American and the Democrats are scared of him. Lets get them Newt!!!!!
Can't wait for workout mania with tonight!!!
So sorry honey. We all appreciate your efforts! ESP your discussion with the weather gods.
“:You'll bring your cup as red is eliminated from the Cup. See what I did there?” hate what you did there, but appreciate it too.
hey bro check your dms when u can
Just finished Annie rehersals...can't believe the show is Nov 11th and 12th. Can't wait
Heh, and I'm the person in number 2. Seriously trying to be able to lay back when someone else wants to leisurely ride.
Just now getting to watch #projectaccessory I love it! Love watching such talented individuals create their own masterpiece!
aw.....my friend no longer wants to come over. LAWL x)
I wonder why they don't make wind turbines more attractive to the eye. I find them very ugly, although useful..
twitter or facebook? #askcallum big love x
Clueless is hard: I think it's more that the priorities have been elsewhere
A MargarDaiquriScrewalotOnTheBeach sounds delicious!
Some mistakes are too much fun to only make once.
! shame it clashed with
great, we hope you visit interiors from spain booth! and also our magazine online: www.fromspainmagazine.com
Wordpress :) RT Which blog sites do most people use and where do find templates?
Thanks for visiting - what did you have?
Well put.
yo follow me dog i seen ur videos on youtube ur funny and ur gunna be a good rapper someday
Statement game for the Heat, not for the #gospursgo- Spurs still own the best NBA record and just need to get ready for Fri game vs. Mavs.
Looking for a run tracker app. Any suggestions?
Good times last night at the tasting with Windy City guys.
Wickedly rich chocolate fudge cake would be my choice for you.
well i had two dorito tacos. so yummy but they need more meat
“: Getting cool points with cause I know #swag” you edjumacated me in English..
Allowing yourself to be satisfied with less than you deserve makes no sense..so why do it?
So far Mindy Kaling's book is very funny! Enjoy!
too funny! Great minds think alike ;).
Demo begins today in on Cloverleaf Mall, a multi-million dollar revitalization effort
me too! this is going to be a good one!
NAB breaks Mexican stand-off
I just wanna fuck with people right now
You need to understand
Awesome, thanks!
working on it. once the list is put together we'll put it on the website! (either way you'll be getting a lot of shots)
Go stand on the scale. did it say error? no, cuz ur skinny.
3 hours of driving left bf I get to Syracuse. Gotta get there bf dark bc my headlights are busted as of yesterday.
the drs don't know what's wrong with her. they don't think that she's gonna make it and she has cancer.. :/
Got a list of things to do a mile long. So what am I doing? Designing a new line of prints.
Felt good to go through a new experience of a set/design person last minute ;)
Nap got my sleep schedule fxcked up 😒
Hi JL Bst wshs FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Hard to believe this is my second last day at the pancake house. Damn.
The biggest threat to America is Republican policies.
the table is still available!
Wow, I got a lot of traffic over night. I feel special! Now just go read the blog and I'll feel real special.
ya u.U de Galicia & tu?
it's amusing . . . no, sad, to see House GOP fighting against tax relief for regular Americans.
I'm thinking creeper means something else on your side of the pond.
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso..
BREAKING NEWS: Anoka Hennepin School board approves "Respectful Learning Environment" policy. Passed 5 to 1 vote. Neutrality Policy gone.
Most of the "moms" I meet in this industry are super cool. They're also very helpful, the team includes them.
the guy with the bar mustache is hott!
we should have a tye dye parties like bffs do.
awhhh yeah. i already called them up they're expecting us.
Give your agent a hard time and you'll be looking for a new #agent in NO TIME...
Breaking News Story: The Movie Contagion blows
aight cool im checking that 1 out..
Whoa! That's awesome. Maybe I'll just be Casual Friday Iron Man.
Sometimes when I'm eating wings I forget that I am a civilized human being.
Gotta love being the 1st to the office, but forgetting yr key. At least there's WiFi.
Sometimes sports fandom is just beyond me. I'm guilty of it from time to time, but I like to think I stay reasonable
fucking pin-headed idiot.
phew... been working on new material with Spence. Can't wait to start recording at the end of March in Florida!
thank you from one thinking mom to another!
Weekend is almost here!! Get to watch some girls beat each other lol!!
Cant wait for Saturday's football practice.!
Jessica Simspon has finally given birth!! But what's with the boy name for their little girl? Poor kid will be so confused!
I believe I just saw about 6 other fans on this flight! We travel well...
Thank you. RT you about that cute looks sweety avi speaks for itself.
Thank you! We love our daughter and "her" Park! RT : What a lovely photo. She looks adorable!
I just remembered they're so close!!!
#4famouswords I have a DREAM
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. -- Bill Vaughn
Senate vote 98-0 to pass tax credit- now goes to House. Watch for fast approval and off to the Pres
:( I had just talked on phone w/her. Just had to vent. It's such a horrible condition. If it was human, i'd kick it's butt :/
I have found Pokey Molasses' twin brother! He is typing quotes for the Final Four.
that could probably work! get ahold of me before then and we shall hang out!
It's Diet Coke time.
Snags in development = opportunity to communicate more. Don't bury it.
so ,Adam Young and I are gonna elope :DD
I will, had so much fun hanging out. I'm exhausted! See you soon! I'm on the plane. Winder if this plane will have in air wifi
looking forward to SAVVY this week!
going to the movies! You?(:
I have issues.
Jep. I'm interested. I'll check it out!
After 2 months & 2 hours on the phone I have finally received a credit from on an erroneous charge, w/ no help from either
click the back button on the top left hand corner
No you're not the only one, just to make you feel better its have of the world having problems with this :-/
I keep dialing M for Murder. Nope, they're still here.
Zealous rockers, Dont waste your money on a protest by downloading some greasy long hairs -Vote For Wagner !! everyones a winner !
It feels like summer! Definitely a great evening to try one of our new cocktails : Bluejito: Veev Acai Liquor, Blueberries, Mint Leaves
After a wonderful trip to Whole Foods, arrived home to my Penzey spice order on my door step. . .Life is so good!
Jeb Bush will be the next POTUS. I fully believe it.
I pretty much knew was gonna be Cee Lo's pick. I mean he would have to be insane to not pick her!
A few hours ago, I've been #baptized, confirmed and taken my first communion as a
havent been on here in a min
I'm feeling tired, myself. :-)
..or London.. sheesh! RT love texting a friend and finding out they are in the caribbean! What am I not doing?! Lol.
Pats doing serious damage in the Draft, #Redsox pounding the White Sox, Youk looks like his old self again, something's not right here...
It's not a "split screen" #Fox9 -- it's about 30% soccer and 70% your on-air talent pointing at weather graphics.
Doesn't she always? : Oh look. Mrs. Carville is making shit up on CNN now.”
Going to a trip tomorrow at Manhattan. its going to be fun so by now, goodnight tweethearts!
I like the way you kiss me 😘!
Free tasting of Stateside Saison at the Wine Source. Watch out! This guy is going to take over!
because why?(:
Actually made me laugh...
RT": Boy shorts vs thongs" >>> boy shorts!!
Time for cue cards for our nation anthem!
could be Newt is personally repulsive? No chemistry (Mitt doesn't have much either)
this is why i love yall<3 YOU SHOULD COME TO AUSTIN, TEXAS IF YOU DO ME AND WILL DEFF GO!!! <WeMissAustin!>
Go, Duke!
Contribute your World Piece today. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
It seems that Mitt Romney's basic message to Republicans is, "If you can't have the one you love, then love the one you have."
MMG in full effect
Ewwww ": Factor by which fleas that fed on Jurassic dinosaurs were larger than today’s common house flea: 10 (May '12)
Don't keep testing the ones you love, at some point they will think you are doing it because you don't trust them
Justin Bieber is sexy !!!!! #BoyFriend <3
OPEN and ready to serve you on this beautiful day. Come on in & warm up with us. Double Punch Drink of the Day: Honey Bunch Latte!
who has the shears?! Lol
wer u der? u saw it? i tried calling ur fone is not going tru...
same to you! Thanks!
want a medal?
scotch? Yes beeby
I'm doing the personal Twitter thing now. Who wants to be my Twitter best friend? So help you god, you better say we're Twitter bffz.
Team building concept huh? Yup!
Sapong on the bench for this one.
yep she played that part well :)
would love to discuss how symbaloo can add to your ambitions?1 of the 7 fantastic free tools.
Saw an awesome Groucho Marx skit by Gregory Allan Bock at the piano bar Don't Tell Mamma last night! He was amazing! Everyone go see him!
MT Join us @ 11 this a.m. for the groundbreaking of the new - in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
When u coming to Sunny Fla???? Hit me up!!!
THIS MALL SLICK!!!!
Ditto. RT : GREAT advice RT When you're in doubt, glitter it out
& it's my hard earned money You're welcome to pop bc& get abortions You're not welcome to expect me to pay for it
if I had only tweeted earlier about the p-dub, humpty might have never broken
School Tomorrow lol , Not Feeling It !
I have my justin cut-out in my bed with me : )
A copy of Joy the Baker is on hold for me at the FPL! YAY!
Any welcome back "celebration" for the Aztecs? Where and when?
Hey people claiming to be #1 at something. Let's see some supporting data, and no a note from your mother is not sufficient.
I didn't make it as a joke, I mean that every single one of you should all jump off a bridge.
Things can sometimes get lost in translation.
stop by today at noon for OPEN MiKE orientation/tour. (Grand ave mall)
RT sleeping for 3 hours, then going to make sure is picked to carry on the fight that started.
Hi New York, Hi Seth-#Stefon is sad for #Japan, it's like our little Asian New York. I didn't tweet yesterday because...too sad.
I am standing I the middle of the couture team area HQ... Jealous?
we wont start a sports blog me and you
congrats, sorry I couldn't make it tonight
Rugby is a good occasion for keeping thirty bullies far from the center of the city. -Oscar Wilde
Rip Facebook lol I like the tweeting tho..
That is Mahogany!
Yeah, I'm fucking pissed and emotional, not only for Fringe related reasons!
SOLD! 2 Bed/2 Bath Condo in West Hollywood, CA.
Did You Know for small package deliveries being sent around Chicago, its more cost effective to send same day than it is to send 1-2 days.
What has been up 2?
RT : MP's Kipper & Moses meet this AM. Word is fav's did well but others just as impressive.
What is Copper Repiping? Repiping projects should not wait until you start noticing leaks. CALL PLUMBING PLUS today #SanDiego 858-486-4070
I Scream Ice Cream on Carlisle and Indian School. Awesome, just awesome
Simba is so cute.! (:
Hey I was just on the phone with customer support again. Just so ya know.
BBQ tomorrow I'm there ay I got some interview @ 2 n after I'm heading over there
I knew you would agree(: Rt ": I know."
3/3/1777->B. Arnold:I beg you not take hasty steps in consequence but allow for recollection..My endeavours to that end shall not be wanting
oh shit my bad, haha I haven't been on twitter inna while.
HEY HEY IF U WOULD LIKE TO MEET JUSTIN BIEBER PLEASE REPLY BACK AS IN WHY WOULD U ????????????
You mean Cooper and Luke?? : When travis and calvin fought
I get to hangout with Diana and Leslie tomorrow (:
Chicken wings and fries.. for dinner
bo! C how u do me
If new carpet begins to look "tired," hot water extraction can effectively remove dirt and restore new carpet appearance.
Yeah, now i have my own twitter profile!
HAPPY 25th BIRTHDAY TO MOJO'S WORLD CREATOR !!!! 1/4 of a century! :)
I miss Brittney Murphy.
Happy birthday ! 
#sacscoc improve student understanding of class expectations
All right, Thunderbirds, that's how you start a must-win game!
M's beat the A's 3-1. Brandon League gets a free shave. And, the Mariners have the best record in Major League Baseball. Ichi Meter is at 4.
Today needs an eject button
i figured it out, i think im dying
what is your newbie name?
#Salute always loved your music we need you back!!!
FInding internet sources AS you are writing your paper is probably not the best idea.
you're so pretty c:
they are finally going to play you on the radio !!(:
RT : New from Mashable! 15 Essential Twitter Chats for Social Media Marketers: Ann Smarty is a search marketer and fu......
No, but if people do it today I will tomorrow.
Wait, they fired Robin Williams' character because he wouldn't do the voiceover for a bird who was smoking on a kid show?
using sharepoint for catalog? what? what? what?
Just made it to set. Shooting at an abandoned insane asylum in Staten Island. Let's get MENTAL!!!
hope the off season is going well!!! Stoked for next season go get it 9!!!
you have pretty hair:-) !
that'll teach me to joke about the weather...it's snowing this morning :(
It seemed during the Holmgren era we got 3-game road trips every year.
Nah, I Actually love my school, just not the work, I just hate being sick, Cuz Im ALWAYS Sick :/
Folts gave a terrific discussion on why Mckay comm records not available
LOOOL I DO THAT ALL THE TIME! Want me to bring some ice ? ;)
Chocolate-covered #gingers from rock.
Playing New S. Mario Bros. Wii w/ my 7yo brother-in-law. He's very zen about dying. Just butt-bombs down into nothingness once it's too late
Josh Hamilton would probably crack my softball teams starting lineup
good morning my love! :)
Honored to be the 1000th! Enjoyed your HBR piece, BTW.
Whatever storm rolled through last night missed the Bronx...
were you advised to order "animal style"? or maybe you're going with some other more obscure secret menu item?
Unless someone stopped breathing, it’s NOT necessary for you to run in the office.
Hey I heard you were a wild one(:
$5 Bear Boots for LADIES all night long tonight!
Some girls are only meant to be hoes Smh
pizza hut really hit the spot
The magnetic ramps produce motion from point A to point B in a seamless disconnect.Curve the propelling field to utilize gravity to restart.
awesome! thanks for doing that!
You probably have that face "She might be interested in what I'd have to say?!" hahaha
#ireallyhatewhen people keep having kids and can't take care of the one's they have.
Yes I'm SO excited for season 2 of #HartOfDixie and thank you!
gotta give and take. cant always give
(1 of 2) Say you want customers to love your beer. Brew great beer. the word is all you need.
Nice meeting you IRL, too! :)
gurrrrl are you going to the #iwny opening party and/or after-party tonight?
Fresh baked cod and cous cous for dinner, Farmer's casserole in the oven, will be enjoying early am tom.
So many juicy rebounds.
Love it RT When ppl ask me questions I mmediately answer "six". Even yes or no questions. Just..."six"
is honoring the Council tonight at their 130th Anniversary Celebration, from 6–9 PM. Hope to see you there!
Is the Park & Stay code only good by itself? Can't use it with a Corporate discount, for instance?
What's good twitter world....please checkout my Music Page @ www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012 ***Peace God***
We cannot abandon hope for kids because their external circumstances are difficult, says Pastorek Event
this past tuesday made one year at time flies! i think we have accomplished much in this time.
how did it go?
"You need to get a job"
Follow our stellar mentor for the upcoming She’s helping to spread #LeanStartup Register now!...
Because maybe You're gonna be the one that saves me And after all You're my wonderwall
“If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.”
I hate when I forget what I'm finna tweet !
I feel like the amount of chaos in my life is directly proportionate to how far off-skew the photo frames on my wall are tilting...
My hair is getting so long and I love it! It hasn't been this long since either 8th grade or freshman year. :)
i certainly will! true and theatrical... things i like! :)
no mic ultra
decisions decisions decisions
Well i wasnt gonna talk to you anyways!
Time is precious and we have a whole extra DAY to do something good in the world. Or at least enjoyable!
The republican candidates should begin considering a platform for change such as Mitt or Nuet for pres and vp and Mich/san
forreal? Haha i hear good things bout em all the time, I need to try some!
Festival of Books! It's happening, folks! :D
good thing 2am here is like 10pm anywhere else (err, and I dont just mean time zones)
Joey wat it do
the cookies were delicious!! Thanks for always striving to make your state fair ladies happy!
Getting ready to hit the gym. Probably with rocks. Maybe some sticks.
#AutoRepair The Hassle of Vehicle Problems and the Hassle of Automotive Repair
NY band is from Brooklyn. I'm from Brooklyn. Does anyone care that anyone is from Brooklyn? Only people from Brooklyn. I would know.
You have no clue how excited I am to get a free box of Trident gum from
I believe there are more than 1 family biz owners. Who are you referring to?
We just arrived at the HCC candidates forum. There are lots of people here, great crowd! Very exciting!
not my best moment. Hey world, did you know dalton hands out money to strangers? It's a hobby of his.
I am wondering what the criteria is to be apart of One Million Moms. I have misdirected rage, too! Do fur babies count?
The doer of the thing is severely limiting business and income growth. The marketer of the thing has virtually unlimited income potential.
digable planets comeback!
i don't care.
I've been good. Was in Texas all last week. Now I'm home n back to work. What about u?
ah yes the #soKodak commercials bring back great memories!!! I love them too!
Who was I doing my hair for its work o.O
Ok…I thought that BJ Raji was the next in line...
Do self help books work if u don't know ur self?
Ha. I like that. I gotta RT that.
Weird. I see your message from Tweetdeck, but not a web browser. Maybe it'll behave better today.
happy mothers day :)
Great company! Thanks!
yeah, this weekend was a shocker tho i was like oh shit i'm not ready for this weather's outfit choices. :p
that bitch was like immma be late !
biitttcchhhhh, she say she possessed..! 😂
LMAO HELL YES!!!(:
that would be GREAT lmao
Wow! If you aren't going to write about this for , I will!
visit BBR for a cocktail...duh!
im hype gunna go hard n tha paint tonite wit my boi's
I havent seen my niece in. . . . .idk how long !
Call the White House and tell the President to keep his promises about medical cannabis! Call 202-456-1111 now!
Holy crap!! Can't believe KU was the first #1 seed to go out. They had been pulling games out of their rears all year and finally got caught
Can I drink booze while watching "Mary Poppins" or is that just wrong?
Goodnight, I Hope I Wake Up To His Text .
Sat down on the bus...and the seat was warm. Kinda grossed me out.
Why do all local media seem giddy about the traffic this morning and who is parked where and riding what? Just askin
These next two were admission tweets from my time with
Everywhere I look I girl has a feder in their hair
The new record is coming....
Today started a little off...but in the end it really was a great day.
In due time!
I was just watch that
"Prove that brotherhood is not so wild a dream as those who profit by postponing it pretend." - Norman Corwin, from "On a Note of Triumph"
“: Come here .. I wanna taste you”
sorry! It will get better, I promise!
The #cloud defies generalization - Anyone who says #cloud is cheaper is wrong. Come listen to the last half an hour!
UPDATE: Scout council votes to sell one camp and part of Ingawanis
Schools Use Nintendo Wii, Games to Fight Obesity: Some schools are integrating game systems such as the... dlvr.it/mKjZv
Antique closing techniques like "features and benefits" are too boring. Build comfort and trust on a personal level and see how easy it is.
Let me know when. I have a cool digital recorder and even colder beer waiting!
all my time in NC and I never made a full visit to , drove around and by it, but never got to stop :(
Ok. Not sure why I stopped "following" people on Twitter. Promise that it wasn't on purpose!!!
I'm spunky. I like my oatmeal lumpy.
RT : Working to confirm details, but reports are coming into our newsroom that 16-year-old Taylor Siders has been found.
just arrived back in the A getting ready for bed and thanking God for returning me home....i am so glad to be back....YES!
#FF , T's style & beauty director and future Twitter phenom, no doubt.
Hope we get to see the #supermoon in Cleveland tonight... haven't yet.
UPDATE: Powell Blvd open in both directions now E. of I-205 at the scene of that earlier crash.
RT thanks my man appreciate support. Ill snatch something from ya we'll stay in touch
Two more follows for me and I got sixty followers! Woohoo!!!
Today on Speed channel don't miss the opening race for World Superbike. Marco Melandri will be making his debut on the BMW S1000RR!
:-) any tips on how I can get into modeling or acting
idk it just got undone !
Not too late for a Happy
Thank you!
The Charles Village 12th district forum is just about to start. There is still time to attend. Stop on by!
im not! Don't know what it is but ill find the app!
And we have a game! Go #Dodgers !!
I followed everyone back So stop complaining.
Happy Mother's Day! I hope you are having a splendid day!
Even if you knew i'll still be right lol
Great Excerpt from "An Economist Gets Lunch: New Rules for Everyday Foodies" - Great tips for dining out. What do you think?...
So with cooler temps., and while ground dries, why not visit one of the many zoos, bit and small, in the state?
So jealous of for being able to go out and not have to work in the morning.
I think the #supermoon has made my #library patrons off the chain crazy. Yikes.
Got Acne? Ask your boyfriend what to do. Oh, that's right, you don't have a boyfriend.
Great workout today
Leaving work.
Thanks. Too bad, you could've had this good looking hottie in your group.
How did it go yesterday? Sorry I couldn't make it!
Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!
": I had a blast! JJ helped some young fans make ! Please follow JJ he is my ro model! I'm biggest fan!
I want a pet narwhal bc thier awesome and underwater unicorns
"You get everything you want, and you still had to do this."
What what!?
There are some weeks that one can only face by wearing an adorable little hat. /cc
Follow #nafsaAD for live updates from Advocacy Day tomorrow & Wed. We're excited for everyone coming to DC to advocate for #IntlEd!
m...can anyone partake in the snacks, or is it just a student thing? ;)
haha one day I will have that elusive Chance Q and A
those are good too, that place is awesome
is heating up coffee for me. I am very thankful.
Bought tickets to Chicago for lovefest! Bing Travel is where it's at...thanks
Great meeting you as well. I'd be delighted! Just hit me up with the details!
Once again, a dead man again! On set in Mobile.
On this day in 1865, Joseph E. Johnston surrendered his forces to William T. Sherman at Bennett Place just outside Durham Station, NC.
what a lovely morning to wake up rested, fresh, and reporting the weather. Seize the day! ;)
CCT information session tonight at 5:30 PM in the CCT office conference room. If you'd like to know more, please join us!
For a big idea I boot up the computer and get it all down & back it up on a flash drive. And then I can't sleep.
I keep getting up to turn off my alarm & then snuggling back up to sleep. It's gonna make me late.
exactly every class today for me sucks :/
Chillin at the Valencia mall doin some good ole homework and waiting to chill with later!! So excited!! :D
Happy Friday to all our followers! Drive safe after your holiday party!
..if you're lagit, email me..otherwise, ciao! -Stronodelarosa
Ik a guy who's addicted to brake fluid, he says he can stop at any time
who is it?
girl. Might don't make it.
that's the best kind of mimosa!
Female mud wrestling has always been a show for the sexual pleasure of men.
it's a beautiful world, Jack.
sadly, i'm not THAT well-connected. haha! it's young frankenstein, an oldie but a goodie!
About to have my broken big toe (4 fractures) yanked back into proper alignment by my stepdad doctor. So, if you hear that girlish squeal..
It's been a great trend. I'd love to see a full Asian Studies #thatcamp (esp. for pedagogy...)
I can't wait until I'm 18.
RT : TODAY at 2:20 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will appear on to discuss market strategy.
Doing karaoke with two male alto singers is like ok let's do Adele all night long just don't let me sing.
I get it in regardless why do you truthfully feel I need you your like a car part Hun REPLACEABLE
I have overdue library books... just thought I'd let you know.
Hi, you like to write? What do you like writing? You also read, do you read sci fi and fantasy? Who are your favorite authors?
I hear retro slut is big this year at fashion week.
trying to be cool on this friday, not to let anyone get me all wound up. we will see how that works out.
Who goin to ibiza tonight?.. I am!!!
I can't stand Urijah Faber's 1970s Tiger Beat hairdo.
Launch of New Members-Only Travel Deal Site
“The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday.” Steve Maraboli,
26 days of school left. mmmhmmmmmmmmmmm.
Ed Sadlowski and Marc Vike telling their WI story at
sent you an email. all good. thanks for asking
BABY MONITOR DUH lol its right behind me and i turn it up real loud and keep the head set off my right ear lol
So be thankful for the mobile home or minivan you call home, you could be some single jackass in a 5 bedroom house you never could afford
Is it just me, or is the word iconic WAY overused by the media? Not a day goes by that I don't hear it.
Happy birthday !
We were checking out a friend's event on another ticket service today, and noticed the service offers to email forgotten passwords.
Early going today we have plays posted from 87 cappers so far with a consensus on the side in both FB tonight More to come
Lebron over exaggerating that hit on him. Lmao!
Come pick him up again so I can see you w/o getting in trouble
Today, Thurs Nov 17 is your last chance to take advantage of our $5 nightly special.
The Adamouski competition is also representing artists on their blog, don't miss out on the opportunity to be noticed that much more...
still waiting on that beat
Lawrdd , my auntiee want me to watch Friday wit her!!
i wish. he's liz's bf
Yea that's cool. I'm debating on if IM gone do it or if my BROTHeR is gonna do it.
Having date night with my best girl at Moe's Pub Tonight, Gonna watch the Badgers whip up on Mich St!! Go Bucky!!
no. I don't care for that site.
Why did you send this to me?
i would buy the tickets but my dad won't give me his credit card number because he thinks i will buy everything
i can & will say that the $8.00 i am asking will b the best $8.00 you will ever spend on entertainment 4 your mind. Serious deep humor
iGat 482 Followers , Lets See Who Be A Fag &' Unfollow Me !
lets keep HOPE alive, and maybe there will be someone that dont mind putting up with me for as long as I live:-)
Did you see last night on the #Simpsons? Hilarious.
We looked into each other's eyes and smiled without saying goodbye. We never said goodbye.
Pretty pumped for and 's new music video being released later today!
The link in my bio explains how to be in it, if you have any questions make sure to ask me :)
will you be meetig fans at warped in Orlando Fl?? :)
I love you because you haven't given up on me :)
There's no damn business like show business - you have to smile to keep from throwing up. Billie Holiday
nope did not know that...
Thank you!!!!
Falwell Jr. announces that Liberty football team is moving up to NCAA Division 1
Why am I up this freakking early?
They say that they're winners, ok well lets see
$5 Pinnacle Martinis!
No, but remember no lunch until 11:00. :) : Is it wrong that it's 9:50 in the morning and I want some macaroni and cheese?
Bennett what does that fucking cloud look like!! Tell me now!!
A comment on #HungerGames. This is happening all over the world where children are used as soldiers. Human RIghts Watch exposed for years.
Awesome. Couldn't tell what uni you attend, but do you know my bestie UT/Dallas?
i thought it was general admission? whyd you wait for me you duck?
Thanks for the RT! That place sounds like it will be a fun spot!
The look in your eyes says things I don't want to know.
I graduated college today, but my mom saying "you better tap that ass" when she meant "bust a cap in that ass" - best moment.
One of the fundamental skills of good writing is to deliberately unintentionally incorrectly not misspell words correctly. Or something.
RT : where you gonna be at for pick up tin roof nobody kidnapping me this tyme
Meanwhile, what emergency RB do I start? Javon Ringer or Marion Barber?
That'd be awesome! I suggest you req/tweet to CMT and CMT shows. Would LOVE us to have a 2cd season AND a 2cd half hr! :))) 👌
<--- RT : Who stayed up for the entire #Brewers game last night & is a little sleepy this morning? Who's doing it again tonight!?
<Screen Printing supply megastar.
RT : SM forces me, gently but firmly, out of the isolation and into growing every time I connect. #edchat quote worth saving!
The wife must be thrilled.
Brew City Online has $18 beer pouch hoodies and 40% off t-shirts through the holiday season!
I have 1,234 connections on
At a concert listening to a song dedicated to my dad :D hahaha
Omg do I have to get out of bed
Screw Axel for not showing up! As long as you hear Slash tear it up all the G-N-R you
sweet sweet freedom
kladike bars r so much better lol
editing with
I'm ABSOLUTELY in!
I'm not crazy, I'm just a little unwell.
Serena's hair always looks like a bird's nest
Preparing for all of the Bachelor-related tweets this evening. Who needs to watch the show?
sleep, goodnight twitter! (:
Why are so many conservatives starting to follow me on Twitter? It is a little disconcerting.
O's, Strohs, and Natty Bohs Hon!
....guess what I got in the mail today?!
dude... It's been there for like the longest time.
: . thanks for following us. Does Farmers insured Pit Bull owners? We rescue ALL breeds! -Thank you too! & yes!
DIRECTIONATOR!! “: is it true? if it is how dare you leave the group! i hate you............”
Got my juicer back from New York last night and now my fridge is full of delicious green juice :)
:D and omfg I do to... Fuck me.
Polo! ;D
to cold for that lol
Only piece of shit I've held in my hand longer than the one in the Duke Nukem Forever opening is this stupid #Samsung. #atleatsitsnotAT&T
I wish I could be with ya! But I would def appreciate it.
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Don't forget about Raw tonight with the ! Racing and Wrasling
guess I'll check ma voicemail
Getting Custom iPhone Application Development Services across the globe by Leading iPhone App Development Company - VincentIT. Our Expert i…
Going to the meeting this evening? Be sure to stop by & say, "Hey!" to our awesome founders.
Closer to giving biz the tools to stay competitive: Bill to est. Industry Partnerships by statute FINALLY goes to PA House
Hmm let's see what Friday the 13th has in store for us this time...
FAiLED!!! RT Trying to do work
Finally registered a project w the Writer's Guild. Now I know how it feels to have your very own baby! Very annoying & I won't do it again
let me ask you guys this? Why in the world is Ron arrest still allowed in the league?
my cookies are delicious!
YAYY!!!!! RT : decided I wanna go to university of cincinnati.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
twitter feelings really? Ok I don't want u too respond so Fast . Place yourself in my shoes n tell me would u still be upset
that's really cool.
im an exception!
He needs a friend.
Come tell a Ghost Story during the 2nd Annual Ghost Story Contest Tue. Sept. 13th, 6 p.m. Details, www.storytellingarts.org.
Snow kiting classroom complete. I think it is about time I bought skis.
RIP Dick Clark. Hope you're at peace. #nolongerrockin'
hiya!!! Thanks for the follow!
Maybe we can come
he needs to get 12,500 follows by tomorrow to do a video chat!!
They say two wrongs won't make it right but it's suiting me just fine
lmaooooo and then will never txt bak right after I tweet that ! lol
// so should I plan to bench or cut J. Ford in ff?
At Trish fam house...why are we still here?
I'm trying, girl! #stillpoor hahaha
If you're unable to transfer WMA Audiobooks to your iOS device using OMC, download and install the latest version of...
Film audition tomorrow! And another later this week!
Netflix stock plummets as more subscribers leave
will be at Frankie's Tiki Room tonight from 8pm until past midnight
excuse my french... ;) hahahaha
Int'l obligations bow to the Constitution, not the other way 'round. Obviously I disagree with the result in Golan, but . . .
#SHOUTOUT to my new follower ===>>> got u love
You hurt me more than what I deserve because I loved you more than what you deserve.
sorry we were hacked :(
