Today starts the week long teach ins at #bradley with regarding islamaphobia in western media. Check 'er out!
yes es bueno chica ^^ WE LOVES YOU GIRL you have some HOTTIES on ur list!!!!
too busy watching the #nats pwn the mets. Well youll have to tell me bout it tomorrow.
Note to Radio Programmers:Having your air talent recap the previous night's episode of American Idol / Dancing with the Stars is not content
To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there. ~Barbara Bush
not sure man. Hopefully soon.
I know :( It makes me so sad. I promise to stay in town next time you grace us with your presence.
Likewise! RT : Thanks for the follow: !!
Live life and love yourself for who you are because you are beautiful! we can conquer anything we put our minds too!
thats the spirit!(: It's not how PEOPLE view YOU it's how YOU view YOURSELF(: That's what my told me isn't it an awesome quote?
If Facebook ever shuts down. u'll see people roaming the streets shovin pictures in others faces screaming 'Do you like this!?.. DO YOU!?!?!
thank you!!!
After 16 years as a Personal Trainer, I can tell assess an individual and work on their fitness goals and needs....
loved "Isle of Denial Renamed The Isle of Denial" very clever!
Be confident and secure in your talent and your spirit
Im interested to see how this season of Game Of Thrones resolves. It's really strayed from the book, & continues to more and more each week.
Interview went fantastic.
Looks like K-Rod has scrapped the contacts and is back wearing the glasses.
if u wrestle for our school next year u could do some mma to
for all those dog lovers out there, construction of our puppy park has begun...stay tuned!!!
Twitter is a forum to express opinion, not defame someone when you don't agree, that's just hate. This world has enough haters
So I See They Turning FaceBook Into A Porn Site
So many gorgeous girls just ruining it with SF Giants shirts.
The Indiana Pacers are 1-9 ATS in their last 10 games overall. No bueno!
this is pleasing news. Which albums do you have so far?
Dang RIP Junior Seau
oh..no...awkward lol its off now! :)
I'm @ Chicago Dept of Biz Affairs, I'm E511 & they're serving A105. What does that mean? Is it like I'm # bleep_quarn & they're on x%efzom?
Avengers is just so #awesome Just want to go see it again!
When The Boyz were on shake it up <3(,:
They are coming! Stay posted!
"I used to get 8 points a game just standing in the lane" Shaq. Understatement
Most Dangerous Jobs In US Do you know that?
BOO BEAR!! GANG BANGING WITHOUT ME?! :O
Hard to tell buy Twellman commented on the lack of Galaxy fan noise at halftime.
Fine with me (:
#ASKGEORGE DO YOU LIKE PLAYING KYLE IN WATERLOO ROAD?X
We know from experience that HB 1075 will result in persistent and permanent downsizing of General Fund appropriations.
Merry Christmas tweeters!!!
Bout to chill in atlanta for the next hour.
Caps is only 2-4 players, only 2 glasses, across the room from each other. More chill than Quarters.
The pizza advertising story was disappointing: since when is advertising an immediate, precise game? Even coupons don't do that
is going to 32 central : )
no homo, you guys are like the best couple
Everything is pissing me off right now. Like, i'm heated.
I am sorry, what kind of spam?
Startup Trail - game for learning how to run and manage a startup - excited for this one, used to be hooked on oregon trail
SO happy for you!:') you deserve to be RT'd by !♥
We love Already his results are tangible and real. 2012 is going to be a great year for
I bet they won't let us face fuck theirs lol
I just saw Junior Seau a couple weeks ago with Terry Bradshaw at the La Costa Resort playing golf. So full of life.
Can't wait till breaking dawn part two comes out! :)
I'm unapologetically addicted to But I do know that it's slightly wrong to watch it in a loop while I'm working.
Golden Corral on San Mateo is amazing and I'm not a buffet/trough feeder. But, YUM! They even have cotton candy & chocolate fountain!
VCU up 1 at the half
Great article man
I DON'T LIKE OPERA BUT THIS IS GOOD!
1%ers gotta get their kicks somewhere.
As predicted, I am now expected to write the Christmas Eve play for the in-law cousins. Let's see how many #Caddyshack lines I can work in.
Feel like for your first tweet as a Raider...you should spell "Raider Nation" correctly. Just trying to help out our new QB
Action news 6
Tickled. As. Fuck. 😊
Mirko Pasta- Toco Hills Thank you to the over 2,000 wonderful Emory students who showed up to experience made from scratch Italian
New cover is up.
4 more days n hello Vegas baby!!!!!
I would hope that Ostertag is as far away from Denver as possible. The Jazz don't need Kansas Blood.
you would love our fitness facility. The most BA warriors are our ladies for sure, Kettlebelll warriors that is!
Link doesn't work!
but I still love you <33
I just got lucky.
I figured it out
What Would Phil Jackson Do?!
actually, no. I didn't. I worked at American Eagle, so I didn't wear the Abercrombie Fitch stuff.
Good tip! RT : Quick Fitness Tip. Take at least 1 day off a wk from fitness to recover.
NBA playoffs start tomorrow , I have a vision that my NY Knicks knock off the Mia Heat and make it to the finals, anyone feeling me on that?
Schweet! RT Work lunch at M.
Morning folks!
Sorry for any followers who have been getting weird updates from me -- linked on Tweet Deck to other accounts! Oops!
New ticket winner being randomly drawn for #YouDontknowShip ... Which fan will it be???
New contract for work on "I Am Number Four." You can especially hear my work in the last 30 seconds of the trailer!
Interesting. I just had a heated debate last week about why I refuse to see The Help. I could barely get through the book.
forget riding the monorail....
been a fan bro, but u were wrong 4 the address re-tweet. I don't believe n fanning flames, I bring matches. #Facts1st!!
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?... bueller... bueller
No outgoing service 4 me n building. Will pass it along after 2. Let me no if u need anything else 4 that meeting. I have a file!
love the fact that your not ashamed to admit your love for the lord!!
And the trolling begins.
Hey, it never hurts to be on the lookout!
So dis whit dude goin n on queens of comedy at da gay club I'm like wtf an he really tryna holla at him Lmfao wtf
RT : Kegs & Eggs Brunch w/ Tomorrow at the #LocalUnderground 10am-4pm! Join us for Bloodies, Mimosas & Beer
Workinn hard finishing :p sucks not seein you though :p
Wow, CJ Watson.
"cool as a cucumber." - Bartimaeus trilogy: The Amulet of Samarkand
In Belgium, you are considered legally insane if you opt for a scone over a waffle.
Just watched my Daughter, today's mini-mascot, up on the big board with Nordy!
#aahspd2012 got the tweet
'Veganism is like nirvana... A distant and unattainable goal'
Just figured out why the #bachelorette premiere is two hours long. It's all the commericials that get in the way.
And Carlos Beltran has just hit a grand slam, his second home run in two innings!
"Nice guys finish the race last because they know it's not a race." this kinda rinsed me of Nialler <3
Thanks so much Starr! Let's rock the world again!! \m/
Began reading about China, both the land and history. Deeply fascinating land. Particularly interested in Buddhist development.
and this sketch is still going... disaster
Never knew how food it felt to sit on a clean toilet #KeepItFresh 
pretty girls like pretty boys .
Much obliged for the RT Sharon!
wearing my new shirt. I love you Spain!
Trinity's John Fahy is the 2012 KY winner of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum’s Dave Schultz High School Excellence Award.
To wander is the dreamer's privilege. (1855)
Is it ok for me to be happy for Daniel Nava? He is what he is but something this #redsox team needs right now
hi thanks for the follow . your brother john cena is hard to get a tweet from or a follow
That's right! Dominate, Saints!
Its not going to happen so I don't get my hopes up
Me neither. I took pity on him. Then again, this is a man who manages to look rumpled in a tuxedo so only so much I can do
It's gotta be a good sign when you show someone a recording of yours & after listening they say, "these headphones sound great", right?
I was thinking the same thing. I'll try to invite those SJB freshies. I wanna get TGIF again. Mad good food
On the way to Personal Training; on time for once!
Watched the #Sherlock 2nd season premiere, against my better judgement. Entertaining, but the most American British show I've ever watched.
I don't have shit to do until 8, who wants a s/o?
Wow that's just TEAM ball
Spent a beautiful rainy day at Ridgefield NWR Conserving wildlife and habitat for future generations? Yes please!
The Wire; The Office; Frontline; Cheers
Relationships, a new #poem for #npm,
How would you Compare the Marlins New Ballpark to others around the Major Leagues in terms of Watching a Game?
baking dinner, setting up and decorating our Christmas tree, and sipping champagne.. the holidays are here for me and !
Hey girl what'd you and Sarah think about my video? I didn't do as good as I could of (in my opinion) but some people say dif
What": So I have a warrant for my arrest -.-”
No regrets.
The "Can I ask you a question?" Text is never good
Shows featuring Polisubbers tonight: , 7pm in Comedy Expo. , singer-songwriter set, Rockwood Music Hall at 9!
back to school next Monday :( haven't had much of a break
is this where the "we want to play in the Champions League" crew step up?
hey Ellen just wanted to say hi and thought I'd let you know your freaking awesome with what you do ok gotta run later
look at me, I'm Mary-Angela Dingleberry and I think I'm being sexy in my profile pic, "Shhh!" (LOL)
Happy Mother's Day to all!
I was ready to get out of my college town, and was born and raised in Madison.
People never change.They just become more of who the really are.
I am one of the whores in the school play.
Is anybody else's Instagram being a bitch & not uploading pictures?!!?
oh yeah!! Sound like a plan! :D
If the rewards losers, why not position yourself to be the best loser?
Twitter like being on a lonely island writing a meaningless message 2 b put in a bottle thrown out 2 sea hoping someone will write u back
Done! Thanks!
RT : that 'I'm deleting my Twitter' stunt holds no weight now that you can reactivate it. back to the drawing board kids.
My new album "There Can Only Be One" is available online at www.cdbaby.com/cd/larrybrownjr1
- thank God above I'm not in that line for #SXSW!! I'll take NYC over Austin any day of the year :)
I think I might rent a segway in honor of Kevin Hart on the BET Awards
I would do anything to be able to go back to sleep right now.
Drake concert tonight!!!!! <3
awesome, G.
It looks like thanksgiving outside 2day
#Grind RT : New video within the hour...
Nice half at womens game. Tp with a goal and sharla with a good look. Some bad offsides calls on us too
This is true. you're such a good friend
where the heck are you?
Signed up for #LastPass via its "widget" for Firefox. Let's see how useful (and useable) this is.
How I'm feeling right now 😢 <<<
love me a good golden girls reference!!
the safe, ill fit red dress has to go :(
Hope you had a great birthday, and liked your present.
#fail RT : I repeat: I will not stress about finals. I will not stress about finals. I will not stress about finals. I will no...
I do the same with my dog, but with the radio:) RT: I leave the tv on for my dog when I go out. But only when he's been bad.
wow. That's late! I get out at 3 (:
Happy birthday!
We know the way to #PDX's heart is through its stomach. #Portland, will you be #Feastpdx's Valentine?
Having control of high traffic sites gives SEO providers fast results with strategic link placement. Influence not knowledge matters in SEO
So proud of my bro 4 landn tht casino job. He makn more there now then he make a Mickey ds after bein there for 7 years!!!
Awe well thank you very much. :-)
burrito bromance <3
I kinda do too!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 48
Ive been wanting to read more books, but twitter is like reading a book every day.
your the only one
you already are, my dear
“: You made it to Friday! What will you be reading this weekend? #weekendgoodreads” going for a Russian classic w/ Anna Karenina!
I need to ask about the food onboard, plus a million other things.
Dear CBS, thanks for letting me know that Tim and Tom are similar names.
The waves are awesome this morning! This is what its about. Foggy skies and glassy rides
Chuck - Is Steve Shaw on Twitter?
It's Digital Learning Day today!! Can't wait for the festivities!
which hints at the fact that they'll be playing in Cali! ;)
I told him, At my age, I don't even buy green bananas
why should i say that 2xs?
now now, let's act professional
I'm looking at a book...Postpartum Depression for Dummies. May be mildly insensitive.
Great play and the Orioles win again for a ROAD SWEEP of the Red Sox ... Go Orioles Go!!!
MJ I got to work with David Newhoff on his short film. He's so great. ! Love that guy.
Big game today!! Keep it up! Go TEXANS!!!!
RT : The richness of a #Libra's soul enables them to bounce back from disappointment, setbacks, tragedy & misfortune.
Streaming feed picked up kids saying, "We missed you!" "My year's better now that you're here!" FHS loves ya. Me too.
You lie , make up excuses , & play to much . Game over boy .
Need another reason to work at Dell? The were preparing steamed muscles to order in the building 1 cafe today.
mad I fell alseep last night
Just saw you on SC, looking good. How'd you like that drive to Eugene? :)
Checked out your blog. Not bad -- keep it up! Keep runnin'!
MT "Yanks off gets them "NOVA THE HUMP"...Teix may have heard the boos..."<<Finally a liftoff...please keep it going man...
I love making people's day
About to get in the shower 😊 and get ready for the day
I went to MOA (Mall of America) So much fun
Do you have plans for the weekend yet? What are they?
“: LOL Please, your vagina has more users than Facebook.” I think of a few ppl with this I'm sure our minds will agree on who
Vibration training on the Power Plate considerably improves muscle strength, flexibility, range of motion and bone density.
Antique to Abt-ique: The Search for the Nations Most Prized Antique Electronics and Appliances
I feel like we are in a tank in iraq.
Its his gift to all the Moms out there RT : Why is Berman doing Sportscenter?
Yup! Kind of like the work you have to do before you can get to the work.
He won't complete no hail Mary this time lol
See you in January Steelers.
When facebook fizzles out can we call it "AOL 2.0"? When tumblr fades out can we call it "angelfire 2.0"?
Spa week is almost around the corner...Call and book your appointment today!
Tonight! We perform our best crap from the last four years!! 8pm BE THERE OR BE...there. You have no choice.
Great catching up with my favorite Midtown kids last night, & friends!
Just bought some sweet gear from teamshop for tonight's semifinal game. As says: We Eat Our Own Dogfood!
So, Rdio. It's become the new Spotify, in our house, since the kid won't be getting a Facebook account just so he can listen to music.
decided last minute not to go. Good luck. I'll most likely be there or the stone for the main event on Saturday. Can't decide yet
Upset not to be at West Ham United today. Too ruff. Sky Sports it is.
What up world
Am I a stupid boy for believing that I could?
No. 1: Need to watch more chick flicks so I can win more shower games. No. 2: Excited to see & reminisce on homeschool projects!!
I agree. Acceptance started w/ my own attitude - #Autism is now a part of our family - and that's OK.
Love the smell of a new print job in the afternoon
Haven't tried one. I have a friend who switched from Rath to Greenhoe-Conn, though
I should have learned my lesson by now.. but even the thought of you gets me high
Finding a good massage therapist is not easy. Licensed and experienced are a must. A private massage therapist offers continuity of care.
can't wait ladies...
I suspect you're right. I'm learning slowly but surely!
girl you know you can't be with nobody who work at chicos.....you'll get fat in a week from eating for free
Thanks for the RT's, guys! Really appreciate it. :)
#aboutme my step dad adopted me when i was 5
I'm sorry but it is <3
Lol at my brother sending me a picture in his jersey esta loco
Hear, hear!
was good; but they ran low on some key items.
I hope you still have tickets left. It would be a great treat to go!
Whoa, he lives! How's things, Carlos??
is Mest the first band on?
Check out Wayman Tisdale version of "Aint No Stoppin us Now" groovin from start to finish!
ARE YOU AT SAUVIES
RIP #AdamYauch. Thanks for introducing us to a unique style of sounds and music. I love the
Its a known fact that #theflaminglips kick ass, and if you don't know now you know.
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad A Non-Black Chick is acts more Ghettoer than the Black Girl
Rooting for Knicks and Mavs tonight
TMZ News Alerts: Ryan Seacrest Buys Ellen DeGeneres' Estate for $49 Million
I dont wanna go to school tomorrow
Lmao shame RT : lol yeah yeah I know I suck at life
"Book Claims GOP Leaders Plotted Against Obama On Inauguration Night" #huffpost They were wearing hooded cloaks at the time.
Who thinks the MTA should make the bathrooms at the stations accesible at all times?
It's like a girlie magazine. It's terrible.
did they thang 2nite! had me throwing my hands n tha air... My feet hurt 4 real
So you want to be a star? Share your talent on Good To Go.com
good morning :)
It is
#thecolorrun #ftw beautiful day in vegas
he's so annoying
Cute little movie night :)
its about damn time :-P
it's hotter today than Alyssa Milano on her 35th birthday
Anyone attending the T2P2 event @ Jammy Buggars in Lakewood tonight at 6:30pm? Where are my #CLE ladies at? Meet me for a pint & do-gooding?
yes mah nig. I'm bored pills
My trivia team has a twitterfeed if you're into that stuff. PS. are going down!!!!!!
At this point, camels should know better than to put straw anywhere near their backs.
no problem. Have a great night.
about to be faded tonight
WWW.SENDITTOMEOKAY.COM
when is justin coming to indianapolis??I wanna see him so bad!!(:
another dollar-for-dollar challenge right now on all contributions doubled up to $500 until 3pm: 414-799-1917
I'm slacking on my 15k air miles a year. Hawaii will help but where to next?
Hey Onel. We are still on for tonight. Louie & I will be there by 9:45PM.
Could you send us the patch for the wordpress calendar? That would be awesome!
": what are yall Doing tonight? Having a few cool people over and you better be one of them biatch"
she sangs as perty as she looks!!! Come check her out guys! 10pm round with yours truly!
Dakich will have record numbers on his show today.
nope, that's my hand!!!
good to hear!! Just chuggaluggin' here;)
Yea bitch call me steve-o :)
He dont care so why should i... I got bigger issues to deal wit!
Gonna take a nap so I can see on stickam later :D
hey :) who wants to talk? ;D
..ok...have fun and b safe out there n the Motor City.
I love when my tribe has
Direct message sent with info!
looky at you!
RT : #NYC: Thursday at 7pm will speak at Barnes & Noble on Broadway at 82nd St.
no heart for me??
Mine's definitely not the pharma hack -- I don't know whether that's good or bad. Contacted my host (Daily Razor).
“: HT in Overtime. Let's go Gdubb.”
Best Parking is in 7th/Pike Street Garage. Starbucks on 7th, Caffe Ladro at 801 Pine. Registration Open. Entrance on 8th/Pike.
good luck
Pictures coming in a minute.
Does this mean you caved??
Thanks for the follow Bethanne, looking forward!
RT : Catch me at Endless Music THURSDAY w/ the ATL
Nope but thanks anyways :)
Talk to Ian. We have now done both of those things and used TurboTax.
you mean quintuple?
Football without the Packers is like gluten-free cookies. Sure, they're cookies... But they suck and are completely pointless.
Grateful for a wonderful birthday and excited for all the adventures in the years to come
I'd be honored. Let me get settled in my new job and make sure it's OK. Thanks so much!
oh, hey, I know who that is!
#oomf is an amazing christian dude who's song #boyfriend is just as amazing and his name rhymes with bustin fevers ;) hehe
Can a guy who's out for the season and doesn't play a game actually win the #MVP?
But after work my two off days strictly belongs to my husband :)
Hey guys,we are so sorry we messed up your plans last night.Everyone seems to be on the road to recovery.Thanks for the tweet
We're going to "Little House on the Prairie" today. Really excited. I love Melissa Gilbert and that was my all-time fav TV show growingup.
Happy Binary Day! See you all this weekend at beautiful Fall Creek Falls
S/O to Keep doen ya thang
I've replaced coffee with listening to pandora's rap strength training station....
Congrats to the hardworking crew - And , you were dead on in your 2012 predictions. , you holding up ok?
what happens in Napa tends to stay in Napa, except the hangover. That comes home with you.
awesome picture!
Just wondering how much ass maroon5 is getting later
Mike Flanagan, contrary to what is making the rounds, did not throw the last pitch in Memorial Stadium history. Frank Tanana pitched a CG.
Upon my first listen to Sugar's Copper Blue since the 1990s it is plainly obvious that i am a fucking idiot for having ignored it this long.
#NowPlaying Broken Bells, Courtesy of my Dad
Ha ha other bagel. You thought you were safe. You thought, "No way is she going to eat TWO bagels!" SHUT UP AND BE UNDER THIS CREAM CHEESE!
Flew to Austin w Todd Shepherd from completecolorado.com. good to catch up.
first time I have heard that one... May be the worst nick name ever
Cole suggests that bundling limits could make it more difficult for not-so-rich candidates to run for office
Perfect time--most should be intoxicated by then!
In my bag Ms. Mint Holiday Bazaar North/Clybourn to 6pm Great food Great troutwich from & more!!!
hi! what time does it start tomorrow? The hotel staff don't seem to know anything about their meeting room being used...
U could win the bed of your dreams. Last year's winner was from Denver, CO in the national contest. We want you to win! contest.simmons.com
when I produce and direct on a project I can complain about myself
The best thing about going back to my old lifestyle is that I'm the best at it.
I can do that...but support the others
Easily one of the best soundtracks, ever!
Sovereignty > (but includes) legitimation of property. Will be tweeting in the next week from 18thC American Rebels on the topic.
;P Classic Army Airsoft Manufacturer life counterparts
Like either of them would have done that. In the playoffs.
This week better go as quickly as this weekend did.
you still alive from last night? Do we need 2 send the cops looking 4 u or would u prefer the Hangover guys?
11-7-85 Big day in JYD history as he wins the only WWF Wrestling Classic beating Iron Sheik, Moondog Spot and Randy Savage.
friggin love them cards just wish I could crack the bubbly and celebrate with em
ctfu my nigga I have no clue
Wondering if best friend is at derby again this year wearing a fabulous B. Michael hat...where are you Mary?
Finished up my last grocery shopping for the month. :)
Overheard in a Mill Valley coffee shop: a young mom saying, "I probably have more money in strollers than I do in my car."
For example, spent the morning with my Frat Bros, planting trees for #ComcastCares day. 7a-10a.
true, true
So shy people think you are a snob. What to do??
ANOTHA MOTHERS SON HAS BEEN TUKIN AWAY FROM HER BUT IMA PRAY EVERYNITE YA FAMILY BIG BRUH RNS FWM. R.I.P STACY HILL
It actually worked. Ten times more than I thought I would get!
top talent actor. Fam--can you tell me where you got those glasses in your film Heart Specialist. Red.Black.Green
love you too amanda
I'm not a player I just fuck alot.
all kinds of crazy machines,but remember nothin better then2dumbells,but tendonitis&just gettn back is making me look at using machines
*throws up in a bag*
I love the upper hand! Watch me use it to my advantage!
ha. there's stuff besides baseball on tv this time of year?!
My pleasure, anytime! Thanks for the Tasty tacos!
RT : also, Tom Friedman is .... high on list of folks i would like to see water cannon'd
After a Breakup or Divorce-What to do when you feel sorry for yourself
I'm mad I'm glued to the tv right now. lol watching cartoon network
lol u silly jus slow down u gonna end up spoilin ur self
In case nobody saw my eailer tweet, today's my birthday!!(((:
no idea
Goodness, prom is in a week! :'D
Reviewing BbLearn for implementation next fall and considering new ways to involve the Libraries. Looking for success stories!
Design of the past may not make sense in the present. Meeting needs of community
Close call, just happy the fish pulled one out! was a stud out there ": Wow that was a FAIR ball!!! Giants got screwed"
sorry guy your team is done
I did get it to work. Thank you!
60 RT So if the Pats can hang 38 on the Dolphins in Miami... What will they hang on the Chiefs in New England?
imagine they're all like the trembling animal you're holding there, clutching to your words for safety.
They seriously should be related though!
Time to acknowledge & thank Senator Amy K. and then go to work .
Oh my Lord...LMBO!
IM ROLLIN' THE DICE GOT THE WIND IN MY HAIR.
I DO NOT sit on the phone n argue, just know when I see u in these streets throw ya mofo hands up...n stop calling blocked I'm not calling u
just doesn't make sense. Suggests campaign wants to capitalize on news cycle swings (open mic) but does so late & w/o overarching narrative.
ya man I am from central florida also, What u get up too, Its hard to find cool spots these days..
"A woman needs to always be ready to get undressed publicly" - my mother, ladies and gentlemen.
() shared a Tweet with you: “The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job.” -- Zig Ziglar"
still in school
gosh, i would be happy if comcast would even CARRY al jazeera.
Soundcheck at St. Marks. C'est rock.
I'm sorry I didn't see this until now. Not necessarily. I do love writing in English--it's a terribly rich and varied language.
Life has got to be lived -- that's all there is to it
The Viewfinders are going to be on we radio. Tune into WWW.session.biz this Sunday from 2pm-4pm.
Has reading a book ever changed ur life? If so which one(s)?
nahh just a thought ha
pardon me, that's Dolly Pardon.
When teachers give you homework .. Recycle
sis with an awesome name!!! Haha have a great weekend :)
I don't mind!
"Not one, not two, etc.". Self-glossing as a "global icon". Plus Lebron never owned the mistake of The Decision.
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn Wen u get less calls from ur man or ur woman!
tonight is going to be amazing I cannot wait.
I wasn't there, but I'm thinking it's still "I'm Leavin'" by Jesse McCartney. AM I RIGHT ??
Watching the Princess and the frog with my little neighbor!
Today was a good day mostly becuz followed me (: one step closer <3
It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't.
Rob G got that through back mix going 97.9The Box sweet..
My problem with people is that I can't stay mad, I always end up forgiving people even if they don't deserve it.
What a way to start the half!
Why would you wanna marry me for? So I can kiss ya anytime I want. 😘
In desperate need of a haircut.
Come in and get our soup of the day clam chowder for $2.99!! It's yummy!!!
who is the oldest oldhead still in the league???
i don't like Shoobe...
Breakfast for dinner? haha i just did the same shit...
Well look who's giving Twitter another try!
Your tweets made me laugh so loud my boss looked over. That's on me for checking twitter at work, but you are not blameless.
Aviators > Wayfarers
Think you have what it takes to be a Hustler Honey??!!Come to our weekly Amateur Contest tonight and you could WIN $1000 in Cash & Prizes!
Wishing I were raising a pint in Midtown NYC with and the rest of the boys. Happy St. Patty's day!
Today I don't feel like doing anything. I just wanna lay in my bed.
I shouldnt? too late D:
Heading to Washington D.C. and Maryland, then back to Berlin, Ohio for our October 23rd with special guest, homicide survivor Mark Petric
Welcome back David! How are you today?
so i guess it's time to play
#RIPSteveJobs - I offer my condolences for #SteveJobs who generated an enlightenment with innovative inventions.
leave school and come over and chill with me 😉
The heat's not working in my apartment. Possible solutions: Alcohol-as-additional-blanket or shared bed technique?
& bitches I aint got no love for em, just a lot of swagger and and a lil bit of drugs for em - meek milli 🎶🎧
tickets won are for that particular show. Sorry!
Haha, there are no shows to be had, sadly.
Hint: Not a Diamondbacks t-shirt.
yay! sending good first day vibes your way!
Beep Beep coming thur .. Out of the way pretty please
haha thank you!
No Sleep Til Heaven. |
Happy Memorial Day everybody! We are open!
I am writing you out of exasperation. I don't know what to do next. I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
One thing you DO NOT DO is ask me for money or ask me to buy you something and be dead ass serious...that is such a QUICK way to piss me off
Found a gray hair this am...
"All of us failed to match our dreams of perfection. So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible. "
can you send it to me?? :)
I am so close to smoking a cigarette, even though I know I absolutely should not. Sinus surgery is heinous.
Didnt reach my goal of 500 followers by today but I guess 281 isnt bad. I love all of my followers!!!
In the end I always want to say She doesn't even go here!
I was so worried it would crack my windshield on the way home! Scary!
#worldnews Mobile phone company Sony Ericsson reports a fourth quarter loss, blaming tough competition and the global economic slowdown.
My life long dream is to open my own men's haberdashery.
Woo, thank you!
Happy Holidays !!!
Putting together the next Heritage Collection. So many options for inclusion...
Thanks for the follow! I have always wanted to learn how to plant.. I have a teeny, tiny, green thumb! Looking 4ward to tweets!
Everyone messes up in different ways
Highly specialized organisms like Russian research teams?
Time to wash face, get PJ's on, eat some DINO nuggets, and dream about you tonight. #wishyouwerehere <3
Thank you so much :D it means a lot! Tell some friends about us :D
Lmaoo yup😚 RT : AT THE SAME DAMN TIME! 😘 RT : Drunk and high at the same time
Lol Im Funny
That's fun (:
RT Inventor of the Modern Pinball Machine Dies At 100: porsche911 writes with this excerpt from the New York Times:......
Not feeling to good, I think I'm going to lay down and go to sleep, goodnight.
cool, I just want to go somewhere I've never been.
link doesn't work!
If little else, the brain is an educational toy. Tom Robbins
My phone has been blowing up all morning! Ah
Hell yeah Jeff Gordon on the pole. 71st of his career and 20th straight season with a Sprint cup series pole. Which ties the record with ...
So mad i should have been an extra at shoot 4 friday night lights 4 tom but have class n cant skip bc my participation in tom'S class wi ...
look who has joined us, !!
Dinner special is on! Don't forget to get a caraf of wine with your meal!
Glad to see my start to get back on track!
The pizza ghost gets nervous and sweats pepperoni juice EVERYWHERE.
hell yea campus days..
Stop by and try our delicious new flavor: Chocolate Peanut Butter!!
I received Malice of Fortune! I'll send you a review/post on my site as soon as I can. Thanks!
hi lauren. If you ring the Liz Hobbs Group number and someone will be able to give you more information.
another trip to NYC for a BIG audition. Not saying any more lest I jinx myself. WISH ME LUCK!!
massive xmas blowout! 100% off everything at Marathonofdope.
you know how to spell my name yet?! Hahaha
OH! FAIL!
absolutely dude
Hope you have better luck taking your little one to shows than I ever did. None of mine tolerated it long, always left early.
And yes that last tweet was a bit of shameless self-promotion. But really, come see The Miser this wk - the Wabash students are fantastic!
Hey Janelle! Thanks for the RT! Are you going come to come help us drink the free Magic Hat taps tomorrow? Bring Friends!
#oomf talking bout how much she love her bf. I should screenshot our convos
But how to measure this engagement. It does come down to ROI. SM is time-consuming.
Sounds good! I'll let you know!
On my way to the Windy City.
A friend of mine, also BARD but in NYC, told me. I'm back in Detroit now and happy to help with anything you're working on!
S/O To !! PRETTY BOY NATION ! <3
lol it will happen ;)
nice! Did you make it back for sessions or was the siren song of sun too strong?
I started out my development on a Lumia 710. Wishing for a Lumia 900. :-)
Do you think Jay Beagle thinks about changing his last name to doberman?
Hancock: "Julie was not the drunk leaving the bar who decided to use her motor vehicle...perhaps over the objections of friends."
What a game! Thank you for a great show!
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe
Reno 911 is one of my Favorite Comedy Central Shows, It's so god damn funny
Lunchtime jog. Just a mile, but it felt good.
Ah, they sat down with Greta and Lindsay.
#primaryschoolmemories where I meet the love of my life....who I don't end up with lmao
i saw yo ass earlier on middlebelt but i aint got yo number no more lol
In the morning, O Lord, You hear my voice; in the morning I lay my requests before You and wait in expectation. Psalm 5:3
So glad I got to see my Gucci Gucci
You can always make more money, but never more time. So remember to use it wisely & cherish the moments with those you love. Have a nice day
follow back :)
UPC, one of Ireland's largest internet providers, will not have to cut off illegal downloaders, the High Court has ruled.
Heading to work..
Ill-phrased, yes. But larger point that many moms don't have the choice Ann Romney did is legit
So anyone from class #Tweeting? If so you're part of a #Twitternomina! Which ads do you like?
I say keep fighting with each other #Heat and make it easier for the blue and gold!!!
yes! Just provide me a key lol
Sometimes I ask if they've developed a solar-powered truck yet. I don't get any answers.
#springbreak #2012 cannot come soon enough! ☀☀☀☀
Happy birthday!
follow me please i'm directioner :D
ready to try this place Texas Roadhouse in South Jersey for some beers, BBQ & the Sixers game...
#honestyhour eh? Is Mike Mignola REALLY a god among men?
Great. Keep the good work. I enjoy reading your tweets my good friend.I Will say good night now.
Doing a tour this morning :)! If you ever want to take one, let me know! TV/Movie tour of lower Manhattan. Super fun!!
OMG ! I think I have mines too , I hope not cause I didnt study
Life is like a box of chocolates you never kno what ur gonna get :^)
And GOOD NIGHT! :)))
I don't like how FB sends out birthday cards from me on its own to random people...
Born Ready
time to go get ready for Laguna Beach
read about your win & late free throws. Good to see there is still ice in those veins!
Thanks For The Follow :)
You ain't bout it RT : Wanna hear me rap in spanish?
Fellow passengers on the SS Traveler have said I AM THE MURDERER in our Mystery Game, making me WALK the PLaNK despite my protests
Just a reminder: the deadline for Spring 2012 Meal Plan changes and cancellations is this Saturday, February 4th!
Dude the shit is cray...I have a Steve Perry mullet growing. Kinda amazing visual haha. You doing good bro?
When did pandora start having adds?
"We can get past this? I just tried to fuck you, sue you & extort you."
Let's do this
baby i got options
you were great on chelsea. For the record I liked your inverse prostitute joke!
“: "Inner Space, Secrets of the Unknown" opens Thursday. Dec. 1st enter the great wide open.” <-- Who's going?!
Vote for Beyonce... i mean Bon Jovi, sorry beyonce's always on my mind.
Cotto I canr stand maywether he dnt box untill his opponent is tired... N u??
BAHahah #nailedit RT : Waiting for Tupac to show up on The Biggest Loser when the contestants walk out with their "previous selves."
This was an amazing event today! cc RT : Drum Roll and Gong Blast! Official Launch of #MC2012! Apply Today!
Congratulations to Joshua (Producer) & Micky Silverberg on the soon to be birth of their child.
Damn these blondies are good!!!
would you care to share the color of your walls in your beautiful kitchen?
“: i believe in fairy tales and #happyendings And i know my prince charming will come to my life ;) 💗”
She kills me lol
Hey Taunton guys U should move to NYC for the summer. Could be fun
3/8/1792->D. Stewart: That the Commissioners have had more than a little trouble & vexation with Majr L’Enfant, I can readily conceive...
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. ~Vincent Van Gogh
Callaway: #directdeposit loan product is identical to payday loan offered by non-bank lenders, but bank not required to disclose APR
POKER TIP: Always raise the same amount IF you raise..No matter if its with AA or 7-8. Be consistent and don’t give up your hand too soon.
Greeks are rioting because you obviously didn't spend enough money while you were in Greece!
another option is auction...they may have that same car 3 times cheaper..
"Nothing good can happen in those pants!"
tweet me for a follow back :)
made my morning
Lakers are working it out! My new home team!
Ayers (great speaker--funny): "Digital media does not produce any partic outcome: not degrading or improving of education" Neutral.
Wow. Last minute and I mean last minute goal for Dallas. #DalvNE. I feel so bad for NE. That was terrible defending though.
SocMM Free Spring Workshop Registration Closed | Soccer Means ...
Success is important only to the extent that it puts one in a position to do more things one likes to do.~ Sarah Caldwell
dreaming of Paris in October ....
If i repeat myself ,feel special
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it.
yea buddy. Will be my first full Iron Man. Coming up quick!
yes cute <3
Must check out the ma memories road show - a community based statewide digital history project - when i get home.
Can't we all just hit a bong? *in my Rodney King voice*
Panthers win on the road... good stuff
I'm about to call you now then real quick
You should walk over the the woodruff!
that sounds AWESOME..yhu deserve the best yhur very talented nd pretty plz follow
“: Darren needs to shut the fuck up”
Done with taxes! As in...over it!
Im So sorry =/ . I can message him on FB And tell him you said Hi.
How long ago?!
Finally made an instagram account. Too bad I didn't get on board earlier to share all the sports photos but I will now! Follow me lcmayer32
A Surprise with Birthday Cake from my sweet sister Thank u :)
You too, Deborah. I'm a great admirer of your work. Yes, John is a very dear friend. I just saw him last weekend, in fact!
I have also told clients their idea won't work. They don't like it. I
I'm not sure the various factions of faithless have any better a chance of consensus, than those who believe in a creator...
oh yeah! So do you want to go? I know you can convince Jon. It's what a proper DC winner would do.
helping chris cook is funny
You are so close its not even funny! Good guessing. We are going to be at 21st and J at 6pm.
At The Drive-In back together?!?!
yes it is. Just have to run a program on the iPhone to jailbreak it. I know all the tricks 😉.
lol is that suppose to be a RT? Haha
why would you block me Richard? can't we play a bit of #Twitter #Tuishou , a bit of
nah that wasn't at alibi, it was at The Place. shit is baffling right?!
Powered through Changless and Blameless in the past two days. WHAT DO I READ NOW? Oh yeah, textbooks :(
As hard as I try to care about the World Cup, games with scores of 0-0 and 1-1 don't get me hyped.
Double Yum!
It's funny how people turn out to be little fucking bitches
A Training Needs Analysis (TNA) is used to assess an organization’s training needs. The root of the TNA is the gap analysis.
Skrillex tweeting about sports is so strange...I'm having the same reaction that I did when was talking about sports at TBOX
Damnit blues. Come on Thunder, save my sports night!
Turn up the music.
Live tweeting from Colorado ILL conference. Pre-conferences today - CLiC this morning, Prospector this afternoon.
I want to and it's the hunger games
make it out to The 6th Branch with RTD on the memo line and we'll take it from there... Thanks!
DEFINITIVELY DECIDED. I'M NOT POSTING HERE NO MORE, NEITHER AM I RESPONSIBLE FOR ANYONE OR THINGS HENCEFORTH HERE PUBLISHED.
"Will the revolution be tweeted" - going to UW lecture tonight to find out..
just snuck a 20 pc chicken meal into the movie "Think Like a Man" nothing to add.
HE'S BACK. RT : Crazy to think that 10 years ago I signed my letter of intent to go to Butte Community College
let's not forget John Ritter!
hope the tacos were great. I still feel mean for teasing the Doc. about his tie- hopefully we will meet again & I'll apologize
i got that thug in love.
Need new music? Touch, Endless Summer, Any Way the Wind Blows Country Life!
Nicholas Sparks is a genius <3
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I have been 2 or 3 times to the princible office this year for stupid things!
I love courtney smith to death:-)
My foot is falling asleep .. its quite a disturbing feeling
i would pay $ to meet at #sdcc. in fact, i've got $25 in my wallet right now with their name on it
Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest
John, Obama sent Planes to stop killing Mulsms why don't he stop the killing of Christns?
#eluna09 Of the new Tomcat WebVoyage, Paul Asay thinks Exlibris got it right-"industrial grade" code he calls it! And totally customizable.
Love it :)
Can't.stop.staring.at.my.BG. so freaking hot♥
World #Parkinson's Day is in one day & PDF #Research #Advocates are raising awareness about study participation. What are your plans?
Just laying down, trying to sleep, when "Ayy Ladies" comes on shuffle. I blame & .
i would wait till the iPhone 5 comes out in October
shutup lol it wasnt nothin nasty and i got a new phone after breakin my old phone so #ItsAllGood and plus she liked my songs
Project is live. Beta days. Really proud of for being f--ing smart and making awesome shit.
If, just if, there is no God, people have sure been wasting their/our time over some ultra-dogmatic bullshit.
Ha! Awesome.
Clean clothes! Yeah!
no way!
yow. sessions to hill.
I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices. Pls pledge w/ us. (Pls RT)
At the dentist.
long sleeve!
Nice blog article!
he said offensively
this month!
I'm ready for a reread - it was *so* good! I've got abt 3 doz stickies marking fav passages & lines. Re: Narcopolis
Heehee! RT : Somewhere in Seattle, there is a witch in a sleigh feeding an angry British boy Turkish Delight.
"Learn to think." Nailed it, Paul. (CC )
*waves back* good! You?
just watched your play's trailer! Looks great! Massive congrats from across the pond!
is the game on radio at all
What a beautiful day here in San Francisco!! How are you enjoying the 75 degree, sunny weather?
Good morning! Waiting to hear from a client who is in labor is nerve-wracking! Now I know what I put my photog through in January.... ;)
UGH! JB's last tweet used 'alot' again!! #frustrated!! I keep telling him!!
I Also Danced With A LOT Of Peoplee (x
How High? real high!
I swear dude I will kill u haha but I think he is undercover
don't forget the goods :)
because it's fun
thats what I wish for all the time...
Skinny-dipping in primordial ooze!? I'm there!
This will be the last week to win before we go on hiatus. We will be back with more hunt in a few weeks. RT
Wish I was at the pc game instead of class :(
I'm curious
ima cocaine cowboy.
you gonna play kickball for team #shuckeyducky? We gonna practice tomorrow at 5 at Highview park off outer loop
Cannot seem to escape from the word "curation" lately.
During this week in 1862 BG Grierson was on a mission to support MG U.S. Grant's Vicksburg Campaign. His objective: Rebel supply lines.
Going to be a fun year for Reds fans.
Happy Passover! Happy Easter! Happy Weekend!
Steve Stricker to tee off in the first round of The Players in one hour (12:49 PM) with Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson.
CBIS is smoking now up 13% from our alert
Well, sure, but those are interesting.
Two more beautiful days to hang out with in Chicago!
yep, mine is here...it'll be gone by Sunday
Thanks for droppin new single Show Out ft. Shawty Lo --Shameiks label Bad Newz Ent. cool meetin ya..
crittenden hospital in the er
Yum! RT : eating the most delicious ceviche and tomato avocado salad. You are missing out.
Carrot cake or coconut pie for Thanksgiving?
Yes, I still ended up listening to it on repeat. I am so predictable to myself.
you're amazing , just the way you are . ; goodnight :) text me .
#EventProfs + unique mentoring environment= #SMB success! It's more than networking, it's abt creating relationships
Austin is losing followers now. Fast. Thanks
go crash at my place. It's peacefully quiet there. Well, atleast my dogs are, can't speak for the neighbor dogs. :/
Personally it's not about religion... It's about relationship!
la lala la... going out tonight
happy hour tomorrow?
Thanks TO for keeping me in first place on my FF team. Team Asian Sensation!
Can't wait to make Milwaukee Purple tomorrow night!
Don't miss out! The half-off Groupon deal for the Best of the City Party tickets ends today!
Thank you for the #FF!!!
I wish he didn't have to work tonight
hahah this guy
Amazon just released its new Kindles. The pricing is pretty sweet.
Offically not in the mood now
my headphones are fucking up 😢
Yay !! So happy for you!
Called the Gov of Missouri, posted this to Facebook and retweeted. We'll do our part from CA to MA to help.
TY for the great conversation. Have a wonderful weekend!
come to #SXSW SINCE YOU TX...
Thanks for letting me know. I do want to see it. :)
Good job by the to bounce back with the W today.
Heyy sweetie-hope all is well with you!
Sounds like animals may be what she's been dating. But that could be offensive to real animals.
Welcome back Javier. We hope you are having a great night!
Check out this quiz!!! It will help you see how vulnerable your marriage is to infidelity. www.familyandlifesolutions.com
Is that the subway under the church in library mall? I frequented there.
About to start my book! Almost as exciting as a sample sale.
Samuel L. Jackson narrates my life tho RT ": morgan freeman reads to me"
Very sweet to know I can comfort my dog who's scared of the rain - after all the comforting she does for me
RT : Were wrapping up #trainchat in about 5 min. Q5 - Any final thoughts or examples of successful training design?
I saw it too, really cool!
Do you know where to find the practice round tee times for those playing practice rounds tomorrow?
and all the #SeaMonkeys following both of you. (smiling face made of punctuation)
That was Fernando.
gorgeous ensemble!
UNLV? Come on...
Hello Mary Beth, I enjoyed every episode of Food Network Star. Best wishes in your writing and cooking career.
Make sure and RSVP to our tour dates, we are so fucking excited to meet all of you!
I love LOVE "Stronger" Got it on repeat I think she read my diary & made my soundtrack album lol Thank you KC
Thanks Definitely still #Purdue proud, but that was one of those where a blowout perhaps would've been easier to handle, haha.
The is like Big Daddy Kane in that he gets the job done.
Happy New Year's Eve all!!
hello :D
www.iheartchaos.com/post/3745552633/the-year-2000-as-envisioned-in-the-year-1910 We would've never guessed.
: however has his own hashtag, #INhack .. important to note
Thanks! I have scaled back since our last one.
FLOPPY ASS BULLSHITT JAMES IS A BIGG PUSS..
Totally agree! Was waiting for the laugh.
Just passed John Tesh at CVS on Ventura. That dude is taller than I am.
RT : RT : I get the sense that Zuckerberg would absolutely vote for Obama if he were of legal age.
me too brotha!! Hell yeah 400 hurdles will prepare us like crazy bro!! You doin it?
And my Balls are fucking Huge
Jeremy Lamb hits a big 3 for UConn & they take the lead
Noo!! I was soo embarrassed!! Like he won't ever let me live it down.. U know how coaches r
Thanks! RT : I think does. ": Anybody out there know stuff about vintage typewriters?
Hope you had a great presentation at #pubcon. Loved following along.
#SouthwestAirSale need to watch out for terrorists more.
these are ma magic shoes! I'll call you, or call me! Hopefully I won't devour all the creme eggs for our hunt! ha!
Faith will keep you doing. Even when u don't know what you're doing. Faith will keep u going. Even when u don't know where you're going...
Only one more hour until Happy Hour! See you here?
Thanks for the tweet! RT : I'm all for breastfeeding, it's up to every mom how long they want to go for.
Are people really using the #Facebook #Enemy app? Kind of stupid in my opinion. People waste too much time on negativity these days.
thanks for RT. will anyone listen?
*sigh* I want someone cute to text.
Favorite vid is now the newest with #love #EVOLUTION <3
lol he never tells me until after
Why is #pvtaughtme trending?
cool - will check it out :) -CV
RT : God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind.
no. this girl needs to eat a sandwich
national spelling bee semifinals...let the sudden death throw down commence.
CRASH on Ramp from I-5 NB to I-84 EB is now cleared
got into the biggest argument with one of my "best friends" at school today. I am DONE with all the drama.
Very cool! Love the "Out Of The Cellar" record. Love your voice and Warren De Martini's guitar work on "Back For More."
Hey, anyone out there have an invite to Google +. I reviewed the demo-- it looks awesome-- so now I want in! have any ideas?
i'm just gonna stay home. make my mom's mother's day gift.
I saw the first part of that the other night. So good, but so frustrating.
2 Cody I Heard Ur Getting Sick That True!?I Think I Know How! I Think U Getting Sick By Surfing Cold Water!
What an ugly bra, take it off.
I forgot to charge my phone last night.
well it might work to your advantage, considering I actually know you (: go for it!
Thanks for RT! Hope you enjoyed the post about cultures of collecting
Ha, I like that you like my tired face. Also, you can't see it in the pic but my necklace counteracts the monochrome.
Hip Hop will always have my heart!!!
To find Mr. Right you gotta go threw Mr. Wrong!
Yes, DRIVE is on instant. Yes, you look like a real asshole in that jacket.
thanks for the shoutout!
well if you would have said this yesterday or watched tv you would have saved $5
#KansasCity #Chiefs... I told everyone in my office to bet their homes KC last week... How many new millionaires will I meet tomorrow?
Jack White is so cool
Sorry I'm so slow lately. I daydream constantly & sketch a lot. :) Always thinking about the next art piece.
I KNOW IF I GO I'LL GO AFTER SCHOOL SO AROUND 4:30
I been on just not tweeting u
#lust for life , got the fake ish in the rearview
Thanks for the Retweet!
banana froyo (my new fav) with hot fudge and pecans...delicious!
Joe Hachem Becomes New Ambassador of the Asian Poker Tour
Time to let go of the past and make my own future come to life
I love the craft party song/video it is very fun!
Ah cool! That will be a blast!
Viewing proofs! Yay!! :D
prove it
im fuckinq tired
Good luck sweetie, you're going to need it...
Seems that Literature Depts replacing English and foreign lang depts = excellent in theory but potentially disastrous in practice
sucks to suck
www.KINGOFFITTEDS.com 31% off New Era Fitteds Coupon Code "thirtyone" this weekend only
a woman that loves her mother will cherish her mate.. And vise versa :)
Looking for a full time admin asst. If you know of anyone looking, please have them message me
Bike riding - which always reminds me that I should be in better shape.
Have you seen any crowd size estimates? This has got to be >100k
a man with springs on his shoes just walked by my office.
I'm a little bit in love with my new E PC 1005HA (in blue). Only problem with its design is the spacebar is a little too short.
Ill be at work if y'all need me :)
I got a lot to do today,and my least favorite thing to do is house cleaning.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
that's a very good point. But quality of women to take out on dates undoubtedly much better in NYC
Seventh inning stretch. Time to pick my wedgie
Guy who got me the shot bought me a pink rose. This has been a great evening.
hey all! Back and in action!
miss you! Hope you've been doing great :) Have a good night!
Your creepy clown/puppet background is really scary! Ah! And I miss you.
You know how Pee-Wee Herman married fruit cocktail? I'd marry ' peanut butter cup cake.
It's about to be a very very bad day...
And thank you! Looking forward to the tweets!
Up and coming DC area fine artists!! - contact us if you are interested in submitting your work for gallery shows.
Hopefully, in that backpack there's no vial of that Foot-in-Mouth Disease potion Bron McTarded has been swilling.
Yeah. Okay.
I wanna meet some more people =] Who wants to be #friends ?
'And then,' said Satan, 'I will schedule Set It Off & Warped Tour on the same day!' (Lauren 7: 9-12)
Boobs: Proof that men can pay attention to two things at once.
Oh ohh oh i wanna sex you up c;
Do you want Made in the USA pajamas for your kids? Check out our website and Thingamajiggies4kids pajamas.
Sucks when plans get canceled 😢😞😔😒
I like to think so. I'm not sure my financial advisor (or the mortgage company) shares my enthusiasm, though...
Noah is beautiful! Shares his name with my awesome nephew. :-) I'm follower #40 on Pinterest, too. You're terrific, thank you!
RIP Dean you will be missed
Sorry to lose you as a follower...
STILL has a sore throat ~ could this be strep?! Get thee to a physician....
Wanted just came on my tv !! (:
Ah! I'm glad I asked, then!
Great to hear! So happy you enjoyed FOOD = ART!
I think it's just as bad when museum people describe archives, e.g. a diary as "ink on paper."
HEY COUPLES!!! WE'RE ALL WAITING FOR SOMETHING MORE ORIGINAL.."BABE" ISNT CUTTING IT!
I don't know the MMA game well enough to answer that. I just know Kennedy wants to fight the best.
my evaluation is its not done ?!
what shiz needs a day to rest before #beerolympics..DISQUAlIFIED! Failing to prepare is like preparing to fail. On the GC drinkin
Um, that
Got dat girl talk with ma girl Eva.
Good morning!! Working until noon. Didn't forget my coffee this morning, good start to the day.
I'm not passionate about it, but I think they are overused and mostly unnecessary. I mean, it's a link.
Could be just cause I'm mobile, I'll try on the computer when I get my lazy bottom up off the couch.
MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell's anti-Mormon rhetoric is flat wrong and disturbing. I bet he wouldn't talk about Mohammed in the same way.
Share resources RT : Q. We have this beautiful community, how can we maximize it so we can all win?
Funny ass night it was just one dem nights
I'm not doing this for only me... I'm doing it for him to. Too bad he has NO idea how much I like him.
Spotted my idol, the beautiful and incredibly talented tonite...from across the restaurant.
Thank you sister
#TeamOMG start voting for Gucci this Gucci that by tomorrow we want it to be #1 Rt Rt 💙💜💗
Parents: Help your kids be coachable by teaching them to listen.
The problem is that people focus on the present instead of the future....
Coming to the Small Ensembles concert tomorrow night at 8pm in Paul Hall? Check in on #foursquare for discounts on Juilliard Jazz merch!
The "granola bar" bandit is still on the loose. Are investigation is in full force, everyone is a suspect.
Everytime I blink gas prices go up 15 cents. Ugh!!!!
I looked up and some dude was yelling. I was quite confused, lol.
Just had my 1st "how to drive a stick" lesson. No stalls!
Encourage active alumni to reach out and mentor students. #customerservice #caseindiana alumni would enjoy the opportunity.
Go Future Chefs!
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan is Happy Tim Tebow is Not on the Team
I beat Dayo one on one!!
The action is certainly more "realistic" than action films, but that was off-putting to me (personally). (1/2)
Partying, Jax Beach style.
rocking out in Austin TX, now in College Station TX
exactly! Don't mess with TEXAS!
I wish on my witchboard that you win next week! xox
: RT Hope you can make it...See you there (Bellicosity). My Heart goes with You!!
Also, Chris Denari in studio talking Pacers...a 1-on-1 with IndyCar winner Will Power...and meet an forward with amazing flow.
Heading down to San Diego in three weeks! Anybody have a good course recommendation?
Will do!
I have school, conditioning, and work right after ._.
If I could take the feeling of pulling up my socks, and spread it all over my body, I'd be the happiest lady in all the land.
you know bro
Just be real with me, because that's what's going to keep you around.
Enjoying a cool STANKY river breeze before 10 hours of mind dulling boredom. STAAAAAANKY!!!!!
Damn you HBO for all your good shows!! After #trueblood tonight I discovered #gameofthrones on demand.
Learned to look for nonverbals in the spoken word during interviews, promos, appearances,etc.Compliments of B.Berger
If she's easy she won't be amazing. If she's amazing she won't be easy. If she's worth it you won't give up. If you give up, your not worthy
Maybe ALA should come to you! :)
Thank you to "Boston: Inspirational Women" publisher for supporting w/ +
T minus 4 hours til the Mixer!!! You can still get your tix at the door!
Thx for the mentions and RTs ;
Dear families sitting at Panera blocking the outlets. I have 1 day...please leave and let me work! Sincerely a stressed out mom.
Thanks for the retweet, Kristen! I hope you're doing swimmingly!
I eat so much Fire sauce from Taco Bell that I've memorized all the sayings on the packets.
hey man,whatever works for ya.
Just donated 10 bucks to the Barack Obama Campaign For Not Electing Anyone Evil Fund.
Laughter truly is the best medicine. Spending some time with my girl Jess<3
some people are so annoying....time for some tv and sleep
it doesnt snow that much in Texas, but when it does it's really cold and so much fun to play in!(:
Next time I won't plant a tissue wad in the V.I.P. room when corporate stop by.
I'm headed that way now.
I mocked Matthews to the #Ravens in round 3....nice call...love his game and hands...great body control
If knowing who you are is hard then how can you express yourself? ~ possibly buy a mirror and find ur image.... L0L
Must have stabbed her fifty fucking times, I cant believe it,Ripped her heart out right before her eyes,Eyes over easy,eat it eat it eat it♥
Was at the game last night ... you could definitely tell it was still bothering him
I could die today, but would it matter anyway?
We're at customer Cox Business' session on it's Xactly implementation. What questions do you have about implementing #salescomp?
Find great events at www.tournamentscoop.com
Thoughts n' prayers to Adam Yauch's family.
followed me:D<3 :')
absolutely the worst
Can't wait for it to storm tonight!!☔☁⚡
Yeah, you know: neutral. I thought everyone knew that.
Where?! is there a new video or something ? lmao
Next year.
lmfaoo that's why we always stop talking LOL
Great practice guys! Let's do it again next week and get better every week.
In other news, sales in Apple products are going to grow absurdly high for the next few months.
then you die cause one zombie can make 100
Just realized that My yelp badges say a lot about Me.
if anyone is a working PA needing a gig tomorrow, I might have a job for you! hit me up...
Was just thinking about you :) how you been lady?
We start filming again in April.
Great work tonight
are you doing littlefield again this week?
Tony Krantz (?) sold 20yr old ER script by billing it "from creators of Jurassic Park."
i got my little guitar. its so cute :D
Man there are certain things girls in skirts shouldnt do
Yes, I believe that's where it comes from. Can you confirm?
You will have to shoot me a message all about it. Let's try to Skype sometime brother
My husband and I both heard the shots. We live just up the hill. 5 shots. Crazy for lil' MV.
tough enough to run for prez, or just to critisize and critique from afar.
you're welcome :D
When you don’t know how to pronounce a character’s name in a book so you just substitute in your own jibberish word in your head.
Now THAT's my kinda priority! Right there with ya! ;-)
#7daysofsex was actually hilarious
Had a blast wit my fam tonite, got tipsy...goodnight tweethearts!!
Talk a good game all you want to but all that isn't seen counts for sh*t
congrats to you both!
I would talk in iambic pentameter if it were easier.
Thx 4 not stopping to look for the truth! But maybe we need someone who is "nuts" not a robot. Nice interview w/the Judge.
All you say is I'm sorry it's this way...
The only person I want is you . Daamnn I swear if I could write a paragraph about you on twitter I would . (:
HEY... FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER... I ALSO HAVE A FACEBOOK PAGE.. THATS ALEXIS TODD ORIGINAL SUPERSTAR PAGEANT FAN PAGE. LOOK ME UP & "LIKE" PG.
RT "You can't exercise your way out of an unhealthy diet, and you can't diet your way out of an unhealthy lifestyle" KG
Longest. Meeting. Ever.
getting better. I ride around the city streets at night. I'm not hood at tricks by any means, but just riding I do great.
Ladies and gentlemen, its been a long wait but WE ARE BACK FROM HIATUS. <3 We missed you #fizzyfamily and of course <3
boo hope you and red are havin fun
Last call get your scores in, guess spurs/clippers halftime score to win a deucebrand watch...Enter Now!!!
Looks like there's a chance for a rainy/slushy Indianapolis for SB Weekend. Anything is better than last's year's ice storm in Dallas!
are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team, aye.
going to Ireland soon:D
thank you for the mention !
DNC chairwoman: Trump, Romney ‘both like firing people.’
there's proof that a "," makes all the difference
2mins left wow!! Please pick me :-)
*Stretches* Should've known it wouldn't be that easy as I wished she would make it Well, Lord show me my armor, we've got a fight to win 🙌
CHINA TOMORROW SO EXITED
No problems, don't work too hard. Hope you find some time to relax.
OH NO MACIE NOT NO DESSERT
Shaq retired? I forgot he still played.jk-jk still have love reserved for ya, I mean you did help us to Championship in 05 & this year :)
my fav so far has got to be OneWayTicket but I love them all
They'll be available at the event!
Then we'll tar & feather 'em! RT : RT : POTUS: Voters will "run" GOP "out of town" if they are a "do-nothing Congress"
I think he does.
Today i was in time square and meet and <33 you guys made my day!! Thank u so much!! <33
RT : If someone sends you 5 texts in a row, and you don't respond, that's basically going to be their suicide note.
I have a callback for the Wild Turkey commercial and a new one for Schick tomorrow...Thanks Nancy Chaidez Agency!
Just realized how many times I've said Massive since loving One Direction. LLN too many!
Call me crazy. Upset!
It frees you from doing things you dislike
He told me he will never leave us, I told him to come back. He said he never left... It wasn't just a dream to me...
Tuesday is here, are you setting up an outbound campaign or telesale center? Call us to get help 866.460.6611
it really is. Lol
I'm the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you'd ask me too! <3
#openbrainsurgery in anatomy class. still
babe dont worry about him
well, they are not hard on the eyes... and therefore there are a lot of tweets going out - with photos.
Snow is general all over Chicagoland.
HEY. Renaissance fairs are cool.
Brooke's gown looks like a wedding dress O_o
I hear is giving surfing lessons tomorrow. I'll be there!
Bestfriend graduating and then seeing my gf later tonight<3 awesome day so far :)
I haven't made my mind and I don't think this is right but I'm loving another  I think ..
I do
Did you read on news, supplements are not good for older women? I gave up them long time go. Just eat your apple!
Today reached a milestone -- 1000 followers! Thank YOU for following this Twitterfeed on Jews, the arts, and Jewish culture.
Go for your dreams. Live for YOU !
I would like to have one, just ONE, good morning. ONE. At least I know will the day will improve thanks to and mel.
having sex inside the car triggers me...
Excuse me- one of three. Harris Ranch, Taste of India, and Pea Soup Anderson's.
chemistry has us grindin man. We can't all be journalism majors
why can't I see him!! Thanks a lot
part of it is just.. the contrast between ~how i used to be~ and the fact that i had no idea they had a new album coming out
#WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly I scream #yolo and buy all the properties til im bankrupt
Tomorrow night is 80's night... going to the thrift stores tonight
my daydreams are tangled w you, that coloured disco ball light strolling slowly around made me think of slow dancing... your forgiving eyes.
I'll keep my shit protected for a week, see if that works .
Wouldn't that make you more of a hooter?
They do a Jane Eyre every year... sheesh!
thank you! Love you!
Franklin Pierce
Do you have chloe following you
Chilling n lex town...hitting tha club up..Holla
As you go out tonight remember that DJs are performers, not personal jukeboxes.
Who would like to see Matt Wayne and Company produce a new album in the next few months? - MW&Co Mgmt
Wide awake...
great minds....
House Energy & Water Committee released preliminary FY13 #weatherization funding at $54.5 million, down from $68 million last year
Damn that's a nice, round ass. Def would love to tongue fuck your hole.
... I sent an email back asking for your address to send the shirt to you....
Please pray for the health of my father. He was rushed to the emergency room early this morning.
just kidding haha
when did u call I've been on a plane skbce early this morning tests way it was off. U could of texted
Can a nice glass of wine really make things better?
happy #earthday don't forget to recycle your beer cans from last night
Why? What is your skin tone?
Did you fart? Lmao
um fine then ur uninvited to church haha jk
#BestPickUpLines "Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only TEN I see"
of course i have work when its gorgeous out
I like your style sir.
Attending a conference on building local biz movement in northern California.
lol well thank you :)
Since has not been resurrected, we decide to take matters into our own hands! The tradition must continue!
“: "We'll wait until they quiet down"....might be awhile. #LexingtonPoliceScanner”--shitiswild
Come to our information session October 6th from 6:15-7:45 at the Orleans Street Library! For more details/to RSVP visit www.casabalt.org
Can't wait to get home and sleep :P lol
I'm so bored and so hungry
SELENA GOMEZ BIRTHDAY TODAY WE GAVE A GIFT THANK YOU SELENA
is Crabtree even dressed? He's the Ochocinco of the NFC.
RT : It isn't okay that there's a movie "based on" Battleship starring Rihanna. That is a thing that is not okay.
climbing wall in Los Angeles.... Any suggestions on a good one, preferably with plenty of bouldering..!!! Thanks all
The certs. and language proficiencies are sometimes missing.
Get the flick ✈
Wow...did that Mullen racism story explode or what?
I luv it. Where did you find it at???
me either. I feel better! Stretching works!(plus a nice nap afterwards) round 2 for next week?
I have to clean my desk. Backhoe or match?
Ok great, can you DM his # & or his email addy.. Thx,.... Orphanz™
Gabriel Hirsch is one of the premier bands of Berlin!
Can't believe my little bro and cousins & are going to be seniors.
Hell hot guy with his shirt off... Wait, we're in class. WHY IS YOUR SHIRT OFF. well I'm not going to complain ;)
