shit I forgot we befriended flyers fans that are actual hockey fans first before homers and ones that can read....
If half of them are from New York & the other half is from Hawaii......how the hell did they even meet...?
Finished shooting an amazing music video Two long overnights on the streets of LA playing a very creepy but subtle character.
MORNING FOOD: when a woman is detected by males as vulnerable, the males become more aggressive, causing tension to form between males.
well fuck you too, alrighty then
Voting in your state today? Exercise that right and good luck choosing the lesser of evils. Except for school levies... vote yes for those.
May God's unfailing love rest upon us, as we put our trust in Him. Psalm 33:22
”I skate to where the puck is going to be, not to where it has been.” - {Wayne Gretzky}
Well deserved from what is being said by friends. Look forward to checking it out this week.
Lol, well the subconscious does know everything :)
Tom Joiner Fantastic Voyage March 25/can't wait
Just saw this girl with some strong ass legs lol she ah runner
What kind of car do you have anyway..?
Looking back at an old crushes pictures and going "why the fuck did I like him?"
Shower at 2am
can you please follow me Bailey? I vote for RNG every wednesday, and I love you.<3
damn right! : It's almost Gemini season shits about to get real ♊"
Sure do appreciate your shout outs, mentions, and RTs
when are you going to be able to double click at the top of your desktop screen and return to the top of the page?
My condolences to the family of Chuck Brown....The godfather of go go... May God bless you in your time of grief.
Or sing something that tells us something about you.
You are making me thirsty! I love an extra dirty tanqueray martini.
Merkel/Sarkozy statement just gobbledygook - promises comprehensive solution, but will make proposals, consult, etc, and have "no details".
Happy Easter!
On my way to the set.
We believe in change! We are here to make it real!
Our thoughts are with everyone over at Goodby Silverstein and Partners today. You'll come back stronger then ever. You always do.
No class today thanks to all of the pirates invading our shores!
#ff who came over Tuesday, mentioned she got an A+ in Heidegger, and told me how to remove a stubborn mark on my table. xo
It's amazing how quickly we get used to summer weather, it's like I woke up and it's mid August.
And mine READS. o_O
Week two is in full effect! Photo shoot on Monday!
. man how good were those cheeses? They look awesome
No good deed goes unpunished. Every few years it appears I must be reminded of this. Sigh....
fair enough. I'll be careful with tech crunch. lol ;)
longer the nails, skankier the girl. same for hoop earrings. bigger hoop, bigger hoe. it's science, you know.
Finally got my someday justin bieber perfume :)
thought I was already following you. I'm a lousy stalker. Wonder why it's quiet when the answer is... Nobody else is around.
is bleacher report a trustworthy site for sports info & rumors? #theking is only source I believe.
who's the best pub I the nation???
Check out some rad turbines provided by KidWind to learn all about Wind Energy this month for Super Science Saturday!
Humility is knowing your place
I just watched the Bag Lady video the other day, and was wondering how we connected! Blessings Beautiful SiStar!
says he was brought up a Kennedy Democrat: fiscally conservative and socially liberal.
talking to ma friends on ma celly
Happy Monday!!!! What are you going to do to start the week of right?! I'm meeting then today.
Did you log all your hours for last week?
OK I'm curious. (We've missed you at the Moon.)
You laid a lot of blame on him. I could not blame more than 1% blame on him.
occupy unity brother.. we have you streaming
"All great marketing is just elaborate storytelling." - the genius,
LOOK AT HOW MANY FOLLOWERS WE HAVE(:
You guys are GREAT!
Something smells fishy (in a good way) 2nite at 9 on NYClife - Food.Curated: "Sustainable Seafood". With and !
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed. Peter Drucker #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
And the rest will come to you
Thanks couldn't agree more! Come check us out tonight!
agreed >RT : I say this constantly. RT : Pretty much amazed by twitter.
Yeah! Let me know what kind of realness to serve to your dogs.
One of our Kindergarteners, Tyler, lost a baby tooth this morning! We prepare for all types of things at Positive Tomorrows!
take your time mane ! I appreciate you posting in general homie.
Congrats, Austin! Let us know if you have any questions!
Waiting room blues.
Hell yeah, you got that fucken right.
hang over just wanna go to sleep
Drank coffee this am since I was up at 6. I hate admitting that I've been kind of a superbeast today. Makes it harder to quit.
Goodluck to & tonight! Go Blue!
"I'm a horny engineer, I never joke about math or sex."
Going to home town buffet with mom and stepdad and lil brother. :) yum yum
Why do i have to go to school today! Just to sleep in every class?
yeah i feel ya!
There's a lot of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it
Thanks for following me (:
Working on our new library newsletter design in Illustrator. #LIS = teaching yourself different programs all the time.
So ready for the to come on!!! Here with Tracey and their no. 1 fan Laura who's representing Columbia MO
My heart beats, ONLY, for you.<3
Going shopping today!!!!
Annoyed at #dwts that only AT&T customers can text to vote. Online requires creating an account. C'mon ABC, make it easier to vote!
Japan trade minister: considering options on Iran oil payments
I want some red hots!!
You're welcome. I want to see you on SNL.
Can MY Hair Grow 3 More Inches Please.?(:♥
Avid response syndrome
I know! I was just thinking the same thing! RT : Is it seriously this hot already?! Where did Spring go?
It's a great early afternoon for a quick lunch on the patio today! We can get you in and out with happy tummy and time to spare!
Big game tonight for the Devils!
Thank you Mayor Slay for hosting today's Education Expo. A great opportunity for the charter schools to meet families!
good to see you on Twitter! Just in time for Tech Tools. The tag for the event is #MusEdTech if you want to try live tweeting!
I'm good, how are you?
where u at lol
I know, you'll like them/
Surround yourself with good people and good things happen
Great! Our event will be held a week early. We can definitely promote yours at our event.
thanks for following
Make my soph year the best year ever? Check!
Must get my beauty rest do that I can make others beautiful tomorrow. #photoshoottime!!!
kay, i'm waiting xP
honestly. i hate seeing natalie nunns name on my tl
Can I be you when my kids grow up? I'm working on it! :-)
Supreme Court does not recognize ontological acts as a privileged category for 1st amendment purposes...
I don't find it awkward! XD
#thenewyorktimes reports increases of #dementia in #prisons. Noticing the high rate of #substance #abuse associated with criminal activity.
Is in Livonia. Let's do this.
hm did cm punk lose his "money in the bank" chance?? so much interference...
Sorry for not tweeting much today, I had a busy day helping family move again. Enjoy your day my friends. I'm heading to bed, Love you all.
You're just cool. Keep repeating that. Worked for Roy Orbison (sunglasses thing started when his regular glasses broke). ;)
With the Ladies off for their Drag Queen Bingo night, an evening out & and a Brendan Benson gig beckons.
You're really bored, aren't you?
Hi all! First time in this chat, looking forward to it.
seriously though....which one of you is going to take me hahah....
#FF ! I LOVE THIS BOY! :D Coolest guy to talk to eva! He's super sweet too! ♥
We're so glad you enjoyed the Night! Come back soon!
#espn I do not care how many #Syracuse players failed drug tests in the past 10yrs! #duke had a kid that broke #ncaa rules and no story?
my favourite video EVER <3 so so so cute! cute kids and shopping are 2 of my favourite things in the world too! #biggestfan x
We're selling chocolate for softball and my 'friend' stole 2 pieces and some money.. like, how low can you fucking get.
Unfortunately not right now. But in the spring we're planning to offer fellowships on general international topics, incl education
have you checked out my book: MyNameIsMahataa? Clear mind is the dessert!
Drum Circle
it runs 12-4. I'll be close to the lounge on the first floor!
I'm teaching t minus 20 minutes. Next-to-last substantive class of the semester. The spring has gone by too fast!
Oh I get it. So if you're parents are important you get special privileges even if you don't deserve them. I call foul.
10-year olds maybe... Seniors who are playing in 60+ leagues
When?! No Seattle trip?
Just read the NYTimes article about the PR stunt. Nice post on your blog! Pretty ridiculous stuff going on these days.
i was gonna go skate :3
You are right! But some people don't make goals...Make Them!!
Sign-up for Ladies Rock Camp February is open! Download an application on-line at: www.grcmadison.org...
RT : In 15 minutes (10PM - 11PM) tune to KOOP Radio out of Austin, TX to hear our music with Boards of Canada,...
Northwestern women's lacrosse game starts at 4:30 p.m. CT.
Is so ready for thanksgiving break!!!
My hedgestone is going to read: here lies James Thomas. Bald by 23.
We will share with our reader. Is this in a container or make it yourself mix?
There should be priorities.
Agreed. I'm good, still standing. The time has truly flown. Almost there...
You have a fascinating portfolio, especially Spain & Portugal. Would you consider a selection of samples for review on my blog?
I want to know, how do you add Chispa to your business?
dolvett will you marry me?#biggestloser. :)
Want to Change Your Brand’s Identity and Platform? Find out how on The Communications Blog by - wp.me/pZXZB-45
This is going to be a great show! We're playing the same stage that Jimi Hendrix once played!
And, I don't care that you 'have your own interview company' and I DID TALK TO YOU. You ignored the emails. Seriously stop.
Whoops! I knew something didn't look right, but I'm thinking, no that's how you spell sneak! :P
HAPPY FRIDAY! Finish off the work/school week right.
hi to your students - I am an attorney/mediator in fl and my firm fully embraces social media - but still much to learn
I watched your video and might be interested. I would like to talk to you about my business situation and get your advice.
so upset.
You'll get variant covers, posters, and buttons.
Hi Annette! Running off to class. Which areas should I look into? Thanks in advance.
I think they already are. Oakland wants to interview him for the HC job.
Throwing my ear buds away.
Fuuuuuckmylife. Does anyone have an AK47 I can borrow? ;p
I started a #Browns blog as a form of therapy for moments like that - I feel your pain. Such a #Cleveland moment.
Yeah my TEAM winnin and the Coach didn't help out...what u know about it
GO HOME! lol
i know right
I search "instagram" in Google Play store, get nothing. I search "instagram" in Google, link to app in GPlay store comes right up.
$2 TUESDAY'S GOING ON RIGHT NOW ULTIMATE BAR AND GRILL .25 WINGS $2 DRINKS GO GET YOU SOME YOU DONT HAVE TO COOK I'M ON MY WAY
I could eat an entire bag of cockroaches right now. Sour cream & onion.
who u playing for
Oh hey, , I'm still at carabar.
you can download it !
A nigga faded
Great weather for March 1st!
hey thanks LAPL! will try today.
Cannes Centrale is live and seeking your comments on all things re: #canneslions www.cannescentrale.com
I'm pretty sure Time Warner is stalking me. I just posted on FB about maybe getting cable, and 30 minutes later TW calls me about upgrading.
*Bang Bang* Die hoe
RT Massachusetts becomes the 8th state to ban BPA in children's products w2go MA!
Be too large for worry, too noble for anger, too strong for fear, and too happy to permit the presence of trouble.
I'm playing NBA 2k11
A Penguin win! I hope that yo have a great day Trisha P!
Nexflix is unavailable....ah! Guess that means I should pick up the house instead. Bummer!
Rick's reply to Herschel's 10 minute soliloquy took up another half of the
How do people know who's at warped tour, it's not 9 yet :S
Marty in Houston: Some gas stations have bags over pumps. "Have a nice day," one Chevron station wrote on the bags, with a smiley face.
definitely keep us updated & we wish u a very productive season!
thanks for the mention!!
We will be reaching out to some one soon to have them claim their FREE Prize of 50 Holiday Cookies!! Who's excited!
We really need to love on each other as much as we can. Today-right now. We never know when we're going to lose someone. RIP Will Ard
imma be the weirdo stalking u
Thanks! I really hope so....
still fired up from super saturday meeting @ pasadena hilton! team revolution rockz!!!
thanks for the helpout though. Auto-reboot is no longer enabled on my computer.
he was indeed. he facebooked his entire experience under "David Spancer has cancer." He had a warped sense of humor like that.
let me not lie, I have dr. Peppers, a bag of Gardettos, and several nutella to go's!
I blame the Hawks not taking care of their star athlete. He won them the Cup, brings them tons of money, he needs help! :+(
"Modeling Statistical Properties of Written Text" Filippo Menczer
I've always miss my grandma but I've been missing her more lately.
The value of my house is
Been walking around the mall all day
he's beautiful
RT : Weekend 2 Tent Camping is now sold out. Car Camping spaces are still available.
Preparing for tomorrows shoot with Daniela Adriaenssens. Keep a look out for some behind the scenes :)
females make you so mad smfh bout to eat and go to bed C
I'd prefer the banana peel myself to get skaters going around in circles.
You don't always have to forget. You just have to move on.
I believe s beard could single have handedly win that competition.
#shittybandnames mighty mighty kidney stones
caus u fake josh but its cool
Great Sunday with my family. Joey got to launch a rocket. What a blast...
Twitter:- What's happening? Facebook:- What are you thinking? MySpace:- Where is everybody?
FINALLY in Tennessee. #loveit (:
I will bet you there is a sock or underwear stuck inn the pump at the bottom? This very common. you need to remove the hose
So totally just remembered I had a sex dream with my coworker last night. It's going to be awkward to see him today.
Take the next two seconds to follow !!
GL! You'll do GREAT! Remember that were here for Q's if u need us. #HCG RT Day 1 of VLCD. 25 - 30lbs loss by March 1st.
Mike Brewster, C, Ohio State.
Watching my brothers house for the week now i just have to find something to do well im here
I gave my brother my ID, I hope they don't find him though. Cause they be knockin' on my door, now they lookin' through my window.
"You must show more respect for the invisible world, because often what you don't see is what you get." - Karen Salmansohn
we're promoting them so that they can make the money... Without radio how will they build awareness?
Looks like the Euro market open will probably turn the #GBPJPY south
My back is killing me.
my wife was there this morning too. 2 referrals for you! (should be)
Happy New Year to all - hope you had a blast last night and are feeling alright - best wishes for 2012!
I think I've seen that guy hanging out around the ball pit.
Thumbs Yes!!
Thanks for spreading the word!
what patience?
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;)  10
Draft budget: Expenses to jump from $638k to $2.27 million
CAPS LOCK ASDFGHJKL;'
I would have done the same thing...
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler".
middle-class*
It's tough to swallow some pills and admit when you've failed. But I'm gunna have to take the L on this one....
Do you know someone on facebook that should like us?? Share a link and we will be forever grateful! We are also on twitter
Or when we go to war against China?
so I just put your name
yes u do it was freakin EPIC ! :)
Left hand turn from right hand lane, crossing 4 other lanes. Miami drivers
Good Luck! :)
dont worry bout what they do its all about me & you
We learn from our past, grow into our future and relish the present!!! B/C the present is a gift! Never give up!!! -Melissa LeEllen
wow I'm surprised you get that beer! Brewery is 20 min from my home town!
Will there be coffee there? and wifi? Newsroom may come over
I'm DVRing can't wait to watch!
My broskiiii is on twitter so umm follow her duhh.. I love her n so will you!!
Did you get my unnecessarily long VM? Visit. Let's plan one.
Arlington NAACP working to have Division Street renamed MLK
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Home opener today, can't wait for the game.
Then they decide to blast on twitter how they aren't going to tell anyone about their personal lives? SMH
As an activist & survivor of bullying, I'm working 1 day a time to give a voice to these kids. We have solutions.
And new-shoed! RT : Gloriously dim summed.
Im half tempted to clean this girls room. Its a mess !
Gave someone my card tonight and later realized it lists my myspace page. #NoteToSelfDon'tBulkOrderIn2007
Withey or without he...they're going to lose.
It definitely drove different. And it didn't have many options, so not close to as nice
I'll see what I can do. RT New suggestion for pop culture conventions: Cosplay changing rooms. The bathrooms are getting crowded
Did anyone catch the HUGE sized burger on KUSI this morning from American tavern?
#PaulHeyman thinks he's all that. It irritates me...His voice hasn't hit puberty either. He's dumb. And ... WHAT'S UP WITH THAT HAIR???
I bet I missed the #WELead luncheon. I had a wild day yesterday!
finish...and then share???
just as I am going to bed... :( I always miss your stickam chats now... No Bueno!
i don't disagree with u there but don't feed ppl bs about how u were a yankees fan for life when u used to go to O's gams
follow people. she holds me down and knows my whereabouts!
I don't know if I'd say that PAINT YOUR WAGON deserves a critical reappraisal, but there's a *something* there, on a proto-Brokeback level.
no she bailed- typical
The cure: When Padres get shut out; next game whole team goes into the stands & sign autographs (with smile) for 30 min!
we are just gonna have princesses, cats, and giraffes instead of clowns. our room is gonna be fun and filled with yummy food
Billy Squire deserves a helluva lot more respect than we give him...anything short of a federal holiday is rediculous
LOL!!! RT : if you missed out on last night...i don't think we can be friends anymore.
this roach boud to get ha buck tooth dirty ugh i wish i can beat the backness off like im so so serious ( :lol
love you too!
"I am the Resurrection and the Life; whoever believes in me even if he dies, will live." -John 11:25
Among coffee lovers the average coffee consumption in the United States is 3.1 cups of coffee per day.
who has a better day Andre or green also foster or benson
Thanks! We hope there are lots of random acts of #travel kindness this July 4!
very exciting though- congrats! Now I'm thinking about how my HS grad was 10 years ago
"We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while...
I must be a masochist for still watching my #Ravens in this horrible mess of a game.
#jeremeylin RT Campaign office contributions - You Lin some, you loose some. Also, now is the linter of our discontent.
A level Film and Media Studies : Advanced Production: Task 1.4 ...
Dont try to fix the piston if its the rotor that's broken..
u need to call me asap
The Summer Need to hurry up.Im a be Out
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.
Brewed a schwarz-weizen today - it's in the fermenter with the Bavarian yeast beasties.
. on how CCDP peer-reviewed books not entering library catalogs bc they're free online, never go thru acquisitions
Happy Monday! I hope everyone had an incredible weekend.
I love when she calls me all emotional because she hasnt heard my voice in awhile
It's so freaking hot. Ugh 😰
Haha : #AskObama When will you be appointing Olbermann as Civility Czar?
Who's Jerry... Well I would tell you but you know it is a really long story ;) Aha
Nice. And that's not even a one dimensional comment either.
Yeaa! Done with finals!!!
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
over a 66-game season, not as much randomness, but over two games, a lot.
lmao im at home doing absolutely nothiiiiingggg
I hate being lied to
"Skeet Skeet Re*Mixer4 Katy Perry & Kesha" Friday NW DC 2night| Send names 2 get in FREE VIP LIST:7034073810
. We are beginning to lose the pioneers from the heady days of technology: Jobs, Ritchie...
What's left to say? You are more than a boss but also true friend. Thanks for your ongoing support with my HotMesses. :-)
13 was not so lucky for the #gospursgo- 4 minute fourth quarter shooting drought ultimately did them in- "out to lunch" after Thanksgiving?
the fact that idk what happened to tonight <<<
What happened to all the gay ppl? Montrose has be reappropriated by hipsters into food truck land. I liked it better before.
Had an awesome time at Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits holiday party. Love the beer but was super excited to try the gin and whiskey!
Sunny in the Beaches. Where's the breakfast spot I remember from the last time, morning after I saw the Greenaway film at the Fox?
CHEAA RT : & just touched down in my LIVE at the #901to931Party I'm ready 2 SHAKELIFE!
how about them Sixers, huh?
You Obviously Love Oreos :)
S/o a man who does everything to the best of his ability
Take advantage of what God has given you .
Tropical storm Fay has left Tallahassee and the sun is finally shining as I pick up lunch.
Okay... The button at buffalo wildwings has been pushed again!!
thnks 4 the inquiry. offers nationwide,24/7 rapid hiv tests,20 min results,in your home/chosen location www.tkno.org
We're looking for new wine blogs interested in joining the Ad Network. DM or if you > 1K views/month.
Are you sure you don't mean, 'Long car rides = time to retweet everybody.' ? Lol, see you tomorrow, Riley! :D
If there is one thing that really burns me up, it is all of these idiots around the country here who have been dancing around....
yes I did I'm getting off now
"He who laughs last didn't get it"
its just a team i use for casuals.
SInners is such a good album! I paid full price for it cause i knew it would be worth it :P
Haters Are Actually Lovers In Disquise .
Good ass game
your 'favourite' band opened! I see what you mean
happy birthday Roselyn! Hope you have an awesome birthday and the best year yet! =)
congrats when is the weeding
RT : Realize that you create your life with the thoughts you think and choose to believe.
AY all u Sick hip-hop beat maker im doin a new mixtape hmu with beat if yo skills are relly UP!!!!!!
GAW Monthly Newsletter! Get it now.....
www.sofiafellini.com Coming soon! Sing up!!! Don't miss... My followers, Please share with your friends...
I would love to! Can you email me I have been gettong a lot of media coverage so this will add to it!
good morning :) ♥
Have an amazing 2012
lmao what other response could I expect from you, after all, you are a
oh fun! Japanese brain-operated swivelling cat ears will be #1 on my Christmas list for next year. 2nd, the uke machine.
Shin splints =
Wow! That was really beautifully done! Seriously awesome work! I'm impressed!
Thanks for the great writeup, guys! Really appreciate it!
"[Scandal is] network, it’s formulaic..it fits squarely in the feminine junk drawer, with “Grey’s Anatomy,” chick lit.. women’s magazines.."
that means royals batters didn't strike out. So unlike them.
what are you going to NYC for?!
I did too! Hahaha. Stupid hoes.
Thank you Tweetdeck, for just now showing shooting incident info somebody sent me on Sunday. You suck
Has anyone invented a hepafilter window screen for the home? That would be a good idea and I would buy them for my bedroom.
Seriously? The Prof said that?! Seems like the bogus response of a guy too lazy to take grading/reading seriously.
Going to sleep at 7;30pm was a horrible idea.
I've got the weekend to catch up on the future!
I use hun and sweetie :p Hope you don't hate me now!
Thanks to all my new followers. Love you!!!
It's safe to say i'm never venturing into the world of barefoot football again. My foot hurts like a mother fucker.
booked a lead in a feature film! Check out my website www.ciarrasiller.com
It's so hot
All I want to do is just cry.
Sad were missing #GenBlue luckily we hooked up with free download codes!
I dislike raw onions.
ik that's u piper
Listening to donald sutherland narrate stonehenge decoded
yeah, last time I checked, this is MY twitter therefore I can say whatever I want.
Just got offered a great two-week teaching gig. IN LATE JANUARY.
i am so lonely i have no body im on my on ah lol hahahahahaha
*rolls eyes*
I never believed in love at first sight...till I saw you :)<3
Yes RT“: 'In a world of putrid zombies, Deadheads is a breath of fresh air' says Bruce Campbell "
Sometimes you have to say Goodbye to someone and say Hello to yourself. How are you gonna love someone when you don't even know who you are.
Being Austin! :) ur so amazing!! <3
Every time I try to give new/exciting info about someone, he already knows it or can dispute it. IDK how he does it.
what's involved in being a sponsor??
#Haiti airport tax will compensate loss in visa fees. On other hand #Haitians pay high fees for most visas.
Eat, fart, sleep. Eat, fart, sleep.
Feeling completely blah. I hate that feeling. :(
The overlap would be more similar to Wikipedia and Diplopedia - but a longer response than 140 characters!
Have a big year Dex!
Best way to score a seat for Friday the 17th???
YEARS BEST: Wine Art Estate Techni Alipias White 2010 92 pts Wine and Spirits Wine Art Estate Summer Rose 2010 90pts Wine and Spirits
Integrate social tools into workflow
Look I'm not in the mood to listen to ur shit man! Oh that's oj and vodka u got there? Well get over here n talk to me bout some shit man...
thanks so much for the Retweet. I appreciate that very much.
I've had this ticket since feb. and I just now see this. I'm so so so dumb. God damnt.
#ThanksToMyMama I don't need anyone else to confide in at the end of day but her & God.
im gonna miss my friends and someone else when school is out...
Why can't the T-Rex clap his hands? He's dead.
Knockin' them phone calls off my list! Productive night, bitches! Too early to judge? Ne-vah!!!
Ha! I have, but thanks for sending!
Wrapped this morning at 4am my daughter woke me up at 6 - Back on set tonight at midnight for dance scene - damn.
yes o:
thx for coming out- just finished up
Tonite- Cosmic Charlie High Energy Grateful Dead Doors @ 8:30
Grrrrr and she bit me on both shoulder blades...coward!!! I hate to commit murder on Sunday but shes just begging for it!
hey didn't get back to about 1st ? cause i didnt have answer. We have a new reporter coming Monday 4 #SouthCounty coverage
Because we are molded by events and memories, bits and pieces that we put together to make one self
Most likely, cyber attackers/hackers just piss me off :L
thats only 5 mins!!! I want the whole thing!
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a screenplay? Matthew Ethan Davis, published Indie Theater Now
Austin's new cover was so amazing♥
you have a girlfriend?
My Graduation is the 23 I will officially be out of high school!
The greatest feelin is when my loved ones check up on me when im having a rough day
Oh yeah! This was awesome! I didn't have my camera out. Took some pictures today that I'll publish asap
but don't we need evidence of this to support the argument? DH can help tell this story
any plan to add the show from earlier this month to the archives so I can watch it again?
Will that frozen whole chicken on my kitchen counter thaw in time to cook, or go into the oven half frozen?
is amazing! About to get our autographed print (Doc Brown in the TARDIS) framed to hang in the foyer!
Oh good, before 9am and the boss has already thrown his first tantrum. Attempting my best Milford man impersonation.
Monday morning. Same shirt different day.
haha i won't. haven't seen anyone to judge
know exactly how u feel!!! Lol it's okay we all have our days!:)
Tired but dont want to sleep :P
Just wanna go to the beach with a stereo and some food while watching the waves crash.
Happy Halloween!
Great now ima be downloading music all instead of accomplishing anything that I have to do 🎶💜
How was your meal?
my family are out enjoying while I'm here....*ROAARRSSSS*
I just sent you a LinkedIn request. I realized too late that you might not know my last name!
Awesome crew in Bus HQ calling to build support for Marriage Equality right now; Feels great!
Whats good New York? Get at me...
So this girl on Facebook comes and say jealous much,and I say jealous of ur ugly ass face bitch so how u sound tell me I'm jealous smh
Those guys just tried to rip stuff off and buy syringes at my friends store at Vermont/Smonica a week and a half ago.
Not even Sidd Finch could save the Mets this season.
What if Liz puked chicken :o
Hey wanted to give you Jodie's Twitter..She didn't know how to do the whole follow thing so here ya go
anna deavere smith is a
: "YOS defines recidivism rate as a new criminal act that results in the admission to adult prison"
No. Casey made $468,000 last year. RT Is Rickie Weeks this years Casey McGehee?
I guess most like them because they never stopped being fans of him since 2004 or they like people getting beat up lol.
You now know things about me that no one else does. Can we keep it that way?!
. Oh, it's not typical by any means. But that doesn't make it good either.
That's What She Said lol, don't worry, you're no loser
About the Author: Arsene Hodali examines life through whimsical thoughts, questions, and actions over at The Good Life?
Just slept for 13 hours. This never happens... #refreshed. Thank gawd for being done with school! :)
One hour away from our last Think Art Act Science conference with! Starts at 6:00 sharp at 800 Chestnut!
can't wait to see it on my incredible 2.
Lone fish tonight.
Obama appoints Robert Velasco as acting CEO of the Corp for Natl and Community Service. Velasco is the current COO of CNCS
They will always have much to say...
Trying to find out what I base my happiness among. Why do I wake up every morning?
SWV's "I missed us" album, released yesterday!
Chicago for the night to offer security, navigation, and moral support for the girls and their new kids backstreet concert.
Day 1 1538: We did it.
Joe Karaganis is mentioning #karagarga, what.cd and
we'll check on your submission and get back to you in the next few weeks.
Now that Childhood Nutrition Reauthorization passed, no more important bill... than the Farm and Food Bill. William Dietz
A helpful explanation from author Ken Follett at #ThrillerFest: While curiosity drives mysteries, thrillers are all about danger.
my snark is universal!
She went to the show today anyway :P
The latest on the shooting of a 4 year old in Dorchester. How the community is reacting tonight. On #7News at 5:30.
I love how they pan to on the #comedyawards like people know who he is, they will after "Animal Furnace"
lmao ok ok ok you got me. I still think RG3 is better than Luck
It's been a few years since i had one, but they were big in Chicago. Enjoy, and do report back.
"Sin is not just a morality issue, it's a mission issue." - Chuck Mingo
carries on the Schwartzian torch. Same space, many of the same people.
nope. I don't watch it. Strangely I didn't like it.
hope you had a good run! enjoy your half tmrw! we should have coordinated so we could talk on the phone the whole way! 👍
Whats new that happened this week?
aww im sorry hope you feel better. Im just getting now getting better.
-c- of clothes. You don't know how much I cry every night because I wish I was prettier and skinnier. You don't know.
It's a lovely spring day here in Madison (not to brag or anything) -- hope all our followers are enjoying similarly good weather!
sad thing about me being the only who knows someone is about to be fired, the person that's going to be fired doesn't even know yet
Losers First, Choke Forever
Kimmy and lucas's tango gives me the chills.
so i guess ill be heading to #gwawards representing -- hat and all. :)
yeh stop being shady..
I actually think Esperanza stole it from The Little Mermaid's human form.
I say it all the time..?
I don't have a booth there. Can we schedule some time at my studio while you're here? DM your info.
Thanks for the praise, brother!
whats the #bagel scene like #seattle? aside from eltana
Anyone want to complain about Vilma's suspension now?
Going to be epic!
Glad to see on twitter! We're happy to represent your fine publications in North America.
Obama kills a pipeline, opens up offshore drilling.
Ill take you up on that offer in 5 days
It was good to begin with, but how smart was the Broxton signing??
oh no.... Next time ; )“: ah Manu.. thanks for the invite.. :) But im in Chennai!”
you should follow
This girl on Honey 2 suck At dancing.
Welcome Courtenay to the family! RT : Very excited to welcome to the team today!
Good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who go out there and get it.
lol Its the worst being behind on reading...Whatchu all reading btw
Really lookin' forward to church tomorrow. :)
I'm prepared and ready to be the change I want to see in the world. Today is the first day. So excited to start creating ripples!
Amen to ur advice to Mommy on that accident stuff-Can't believe she said that! SMH So glad to have you back in my morning!
Thanks for the follow! looking forward to your tweets
we use Desk
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler The Deruler That Got Away
on skype literally all night with the girlfriend.
Thanks Mick!
Wow, you're really pretty. :o x
wait. Did u say off for the rodeo?
Good Morning!!!!
what's good!
thats all i know though haha
cute picture :) you should consider making it your default.
Ehhhh I cant find a picture of Lou todayy D:
follow m bestfriend she loves you.<3
Obviously, I want to see Canada win game No. 2 tonight, but am not hopeful.
I've been looking for this Juco PF's name (FLA offer) ? Got a link or name? Thanks.
Yes very sad but we appreciate the RTs and wish you a great Friday!
Shoot, I was hoping to pick some up while I was out today. Guess I'm buying online. Thanks for the info!!
that bitch got fuckin caked today
Ahaha I was rapping the motto to my mom she goes "what kind of friends do you have?" Hahahahahaha
And the awkward neighbor girl: dubstep, opium, and hardcore porn.
Friday, Friday, kickin' it on Friday...
I own the series on DVD...good stuff!!
Ugh, so tired. Why am I still working?? This has already been a long week...
i have a really big family i have 4 sisters and 1 brother plus me thats 6 kids all together
Page 38 of 366 how to use your vibrator
We hope everyone had a safe and happy Independence Day!
Sounds like a party!
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to share tweets
Here comes the sober life
idk! Why eat a chipotle bkfst burrito? What I want is a chipotle burrito for breakfast! They dont need new products just early hours
Bucks-76ers! Okay... I agree, not too sexy.
so excited to go to prom with !!!!! #funtimes :)
hell yea lol
Just announced: will join our 5/17 #ACBW lineup:
RT : R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack |
I'm pretty sure is the only person in the world capable of moderating that panel.
Ok people, give me your best small cap developmental bio pharm with catalysts coming soon. if I like it, I'll write about it.
yea we do we have 24 made but there not on YouTube yet cuz were getting stuff together and plus Lexi is grounded 4 1 month
#IWant sex when I want & need it. I don't enjoy being horny & not having anyone deserving to handle it!
Hello to everyone attending the NINES summer institute today at UVa, funded via the ODH IATDH grant program.
so good to find u on twitter. I'm tweeting randomly from Motherhood Online in honor of #MothersDay this week!
Tomorrow don't forget friends a new live baseball podcast on toadhop network with special guest Steven bauer from scarface
Oh, my! has opened my eyes to how much Steven Tyler looks like an old lesbian.
I hear it's a worthy drug for that purpose!
Aw, thanks, Becca. And I agree - this series is always so informative. (I still need to try Sockerbit!)
needs to start tweeting "angrier" shit of he want us to take his name for real!!!
Who says you can't improve on a good thing? 7,500 apple cultivars. New Zestar (thanks ) gives Pink Lady a run for her money.
Oh. OMG madison is being so mean.
Great article Paul!
This years #grammys has been one of the best, so far.
What Twitter has done is legitimize a week's worth of stories off a single comment, tweeted or spoken.
Come down for Happy Hour today. All appetizers are half of and drink specials!!!!!!!
Twerp twerp twerp twerp twerp, that ass.
Call and place your Super Bowl orders! We will have a limited quantity of Patriot and Giant cupcakes and cookies available on Saturday!
RT : Tune in to Fox at 8:30pm where I discuss the imminent #SuperBowl win
that too.
Some people are tweeting refs at Broncos/Steelers game today named Matthew,Mark,Luke,John. ACTUALLY: Ron 2x,Rich 2x,Julian,Gary,Scott
OH DAMN RAVEN IS 90 BUCKS I might pass :(
#boxing Yes, Pacquiao was never impressive in this fight but he was the one one that kept going after Marquez not the other way around.Con't
sendin prayers 2 the families of those killed & injured in Reno 2day blessings 2 the families
awesome, glad I got to see some games, buy some merch and follow all season
“: idk bt Eminem is NOT the best rapper ” lyrically he really is
Happy Stuff That Turkey Ass Day
when can u buy the new "YOTTO" shirts?
And my suspicion deepens.
Kicked myself off pinterest. :(
hi twitter friend, wanted to say I love everything about FoodNetwork, you guys do a fabulous job!
RT : The best things in life are not things. (via )
Ha I got my kiss in the rain (;
rejects my calls and doesn't answer my texts:( 
Thank you.
like its bad?!
Another video?!? why?
they should be 3rd. Pitt and philly should both make playoffs. One will get the wild card
Thanks! It is indeed a commercial space. About 400sqft in a much larger building with a few other businesses.
It's all good! There is always next time!
So True. RT : "There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way." – C Morley
The holidays are over. Guess we gotta start being a band again. You guys wanna practice this week? Finish that song about naked camels?
if you spell marketing right first, of course! ;)
AD RYAN!!!
Now I ain't even gotta say sh*t to make you feel alive, girl you know you like that ;-)
I think Patton Oswalt just came out against Napster.
when she said that u think she met her legs lol
I Wanna Party Like it's 19Q4, Eye of The Tiger's Wife,
the night is young and so am I. One of us has to age and I'm not about to let ie be me
": breaking out the reds tomorrow"I gotta bring the camera then.
Finally Tenleytown has AT&T service in the metro.
Thanks so much for coming! is indeed pretty fabulous.
lol Says the girl with the girl with the dirty ears lol
This Tinkerbell dress needs to be adiosed immediately.
follow back?(:
haha this little girl tryna sing ...
You are like a tree planted by streams of water, which yields its fruit in season & whose leaf does not wither. - Psalm 1:3
How are things there in Detroit?
um i think jst study for the pop quiz? idk what else..? :o
Went to the Mariners game today. Jealous, JC?
RT : "Believe in your gift and continue to hone your craft by revisiting those places which serve as inspirations." - Geri Allen
#superfan too! RT : I should have a DD Ipass. I'm in there every day
Only the strong survive! Some people just can't keep up...Do you have what it takes to transform your body and your life?
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
but your time isn't free, is it?
Likewise! Had a blast. We should do it again sometime.
Work 4 to close with means 1am or so
i loved last nights episode
I was thinking like a Demi fansite. AdoringDemi or something..
ever gotten a coupon or bargain for following a store or restaurant on twitter? it's our question of the day on 10tv news coming up at 6am
It's not a sprint, it's a marathon.
Happy New Year! Let's make great things happen.
Difficulties and Challenges are merely stepping stones toward your brighter future. God is positioning you to go to a whole new level!
I need to start/finish this paper before I go into a
a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush
#Vikings have signed WR/Pot Dealer Jerome Simpson to a one year deal this morning. Will miss first 3 games due to suspension.
like legit and every 24 hours my bond goes up 1,000 dollars:/
Webzilla Webhosting Adds Linux Administration Services to Its List of Standard ... - MarketWatch (press release)
RT : Lots of vitamins - and champagne! Always works. ;-) < Ambien and time.
. brought his #Northeastern students to tonight. What a fun group!
my day was pretty good and yours?(:
Anger clouds thinking, prevents positive action, wastes time and makes us and others miserable!
I have so much no one loved only the sea and you)))))
Thanks for the follow new followers! Welcome! And please help us to spread the word! The next BCBA exam is 2 months away!
followed already..follow back thanks!:)
The #sxsw Radio Day Stage is as full as I've seen it yet. Guess that's what Emmylou Harris will do to an audience.
hahahahah - one of the best parody accounts EVER: (thanks )
That's my step-mom's hood. She lives off Blossom Hill on Blossom Acres.
Two days left until the NFL draft. Now to try and move some stuff around so I can actually see it.
my book is about life and experiences people have
vials of blood? sounds like a party!
K's Choice - Not An Addict (European version)
im pretty sure we just received the most annoying telemarketing phone call ever. he was practically screaming @ me. bad marketing & branding
Tim McGraw just keeps getting better looking...that man is SEXY.
Just a reminder that we are closed today and 6:30am Yoga & 7:30am Pilates are canceled for tomorrow (July 5th). Happy 4th everyone.
My name Is Henry.! I hope She follows me one Day.!!!!! .. I love You
thanks for following fam! You r now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!l"
Another chemical agent warning here. Arrests made at TS Plaza. Choose your battles wisely, PDX.
If you dont #believe in yourself, how do u expect anyone to believe in you?
thanks Bro.....Momma turns 84 today.
My to-do list is freaking me out a little bit. Trying to decide where I will be the most productive tomorrow:office, coffee shop or library?
Just got done with a tour of JWT NY. Amazing studio Comprised of a full 5 floors. Have to thank Boris an alumni from Ringling for having us.
u think that's something? read this! NOOSE abuse! FL BZ SUED FOR THREATENING BL WKR W NOOSE follow me julieforjobs.blogspot
you should patent this. for sure.
...not my wedding
Hmm..what to do on a day with a high of 101? Head to Wimberley and go swimming!
LOLOL how are you gonna get them by like recruiting people? Haha (:
Where these lovely books hanging out at?
Going over the call sheet for Wednesday. 30 more minutes and then it's night for me twitterland.
had a long day of doing absolutely nothing with now off to bed to sleep until my little heart desires ^__^
My weekend is here! Headed for my first trip to #Vegas in the morning!
Things that make me happy: a 3-mile run immediately followed by two (very large) slices of pizza.
Waiting for important news! Pfffff
Website relaunch coming soon!
Gosh tomorrow is May 1!! Where the heck did April go??!!
agreed! That whole cd was nice!
if i wanna admit it or not, i was a fighter in my previous life. i am grateful for that.
Just Because Yur Fat Doesn't Mean Yur Ugly Just Because Yur Skinny It Doesn't Mean Yur Pretty
no it's pooh bears lol
DC's a tough place to live on just over a million a year.
Fitness is not a destination, it is a journey.
I love fireworks!!!
A man who makes me want to shave my armpits n shit...for his ass. Cuz I will give a nigga hairy pussy if that's what he deserves .Str8up.
thnx 4 the input. did you find captivate easy-to-use? or steep learning curve?
New beginning for me and WCK RECORDS N FLATOUT!ENT A.D.S GOT AN IMPORTANT MEETING THIS SATURDAY THAT COULD CHANGE OUR LIVES GOD IS GOOD
are you feeling better? recuperating well, I should say...
Officially back from maternity leave...getting ready to re-launch Rosenberg Marketing!!
you would be dead right now? What ? Haha
"The beauty in #Acting emerges from the veracity of your performance."
" I hope the Knicks when game 5 so I can go in see game 6 ^_- ! "
♥♥Got out of church around 1 in the morning. Got home around 3 in the morning and woke up at 8.... THE SAME MORNING!!!! Ugh -.-♥♥
Of course! Sounds scary and exciting too! How are the job apps going?
I guess I should have brushed twice today.
The best way to predict the future is to create it!
free throw msising is unacceptable. but to blame the game on lebron when no one else showed up is ridic. dude had 28 pts 6 steals
Workingout...I can only do 8 pull-ups. WTF !!!
Thanks will fix.
put morpholio on my iPad last night. Need to load some images.
San Antonio , Texas!! We are performing tonight at The Ten Eleven! 1011 Avenue B 78205
Man, fishing sucks. Lmfao
hello shea~ good morning~ love you so much my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 71F Fair: 71F Fair
so easy to eat 10!
hey nice to see you here! shiners & seinfeld? mhm
I need a nap before I go home to sleep.
The key is to forget about instant results and settle in for the long run.
So true... Thank God it's the only thing worth doing anything for---> RT : “ Crazy things people do for love”
it's a marathon not a sprint
Sometimes it's fun to see how old information and ideas can be new again! I love showing undergrads reference resources at times like these.
Yeah, pretty bad.
I'm so exiting for Believe when it is coming out I can't wait anymore.
also found it, without the music. I think played it over it?!??....
I have decided that I want to BE Elvira, Mistress of the Dark. (The film is on Netflix, b-t-dubz.)
Tell me something how are we ever going to come together as a people when we seem too fear one another.There nothing to fear but fear itself
yeah i lied...picked it up yesterday but i've been meaning to tweet it bc i obviously want khloe to see ha!
Put that meeting in the win column.
": We are 55 followers away from 30,000! Can we get there by the end of the day?!
Tweet #ImAlexsGirl if u love and tweet #RobertsGirl If u love
Floated the Yellowstone river, saw a bald eagle, golden eagle, ducks, geese, deer, hawks, birds and some odd two legged creatures fishing!
Tweet 101 class with hosted by #AOTB!
Readin' murder books, tryin' to stay hip
"Drink wine and save cats" your email subject lines are genius! (crazy-cat-lady-editor-genius)
ah, *there's* the Mariners I know. >sigh<
Responded to VACATE @ 729 East 217th St, Bronx, NY 10467 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
I dont understand why people go through other people to find stuff out. Man up and ask for yourself!!
Its Slick Lame W/Out The Seniors
i just went for a run. it's 65 degrees, holloween decorations are out, and i could smell roasted marshmallows....fall's here (:
You started your own hashtag for the wedding?
today is late~
Make healthy pancakes for balanced breakfast: 1 egg, 1/4 c of fage 0% yogurt, 1/4 c of oatmeal and little water. Blend, cook, and enjoy.
The sub would remember when I snuck out the class like last month XD
haha oh trust me i know you do ;)
Tornado sirens went off yesterday during a conference call with our project team in Huntsville, Alabama. Scary!
TODAY MENU: Sour Diesel Phnom Pehn Island Sweet Skunk Lavender Lambs Breath Fruity Juice Hugh Hefner G-13 Strawthern Lights Blue K
pretty thrilled that they're playing an obscure spice girls slow jam in safeway right now
Do you have my boyfriend? He's missing.
you doing ok?
my weekends are more part of my work week -> I'm starting a new #art work #NightRanger #MasterofROCK by himself
give Chip & Dale a hug for me!!! :)
Was it Dick Van Patten or Kierkegaard who said, "If you label me, you negate me."?
oh lol i see what you did there, and i'm ok with that too.
The ultraviolence of clockwork orange is a bunch of sissies. I've killed way more fools dan that. Plus, if you speak like a british,it funny
Btw, we graduate in less than 20 days. How insane is that?!
lil weezy, thanks for the love ;)
thats was pretty hype. I agree.
OMG, maybe they don't know about Second Life either?
Watching "SportsCenter" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks very much! I can always count on my Falpals :)
I know I should eat the strawberries, but I'd really rather easy the cheesecake :-)
The ladies of spin punk, r'n'r & more tonight! Cheap drinks, slings, come dance 10-4am!!
Pumped for tomorrow & to be involved with #PhilanthroFest participants: cc.
If you have any pictures from last night that you took of or with us, tag us in them!!!!!!!:)
is the cutest thing ever!!
good work ! Makes me happy to see dogs adopted :) I hope to be in one of your pictures someday...
yeah. Shocked but still believable.
well I tried with the "sticking it" remark, but it missed
Miss the crew that was at #amasummit last year -
baha it's almost time to start getting mail from AARP. Talk to mike lane about it, he'll know. Happy Birthday oldie!!!
See 's The this wknd! For local theatres & showtimes text AVENGERS & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text
Just got done feeding the homeless with the Valleydale Youth, now about to hear Dad preach #Let'sDoThis
nice to meet u!
RT if you are a Aquarius
Bed time..
I don't know the answers, but there sure are problems in our education system to be solved!
Your ok this morning?
Thinking about heading out to the pier. How's the weather holding up at the Pompano Beach Seafood Festival?
Another spell/grammar check gem, correcting phrase "fair lady." "Consider the suggestion that includes both men and women."
then start tweeting it RT : hybrid attendance : you start reading tweets on a presentation then you join it physically
I did...autocorrect :(
Gonna throw some burgers on the grill... And kick back..
when i see those i always think of "if the balls aren't touching, you aren't gay".
As always, my go-to motivational/demotivational combo is "At least you're not on fire" #perspective!
Up at 3:30 am this morning
i think when my mom has her baby, ill make that into a card and see if she slaps me or not
Hurrah! RT #FF to the NEWEST members of : & So excited to have them on our team!
to surpass my own expectations and reach my goals of success so I can help my younger siblings reach theirs... That is all
We've headed "South of the border" today for the Ladies Member/Guest & the costumes & carts look FANTASTIC! Good luck, ladies!
WHOAA Cary tweets outside St. Louis
Any parents out there having trouble finding age-appropriate costumes for their tweens and teens?
What is your favourite song to perform on stage ?
Ahh best night ever <3 tweeted me again -goofy smile-
Cold world no blanket out here for real.
hey, any interest in presenting Exit Strategy at the NYC Mobile Tech Meetup on Oct 12 at ?
Thanks:) Haha, Finals are just like exams at the end of the school year. I have them all next week:\ & lunch was fun because I
Josh Hamilton = Sick
isn't the goat fun? Next time, we go for speed. I wanna be there. Let me know when.
hell funny
you know the theory that a person can drink only so much milk until they puke it up? That's how I feel about research in the LIS field.
Really enjoyed Extreme Materials Exhibit w/ How often do you get to laugh (in a delighted sort of way) at an art exhibit?
“: Rakim is a the god of rap..Rakim AKA the blue print of your favourite rapper.” *solemnly nods head in agreement*
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is when he only talks to me when he's drunk, he tries to apologize for everything he's done. And wants to get back
Be safe out there, NZ!
#Hawks and #Bulls survive, #Magic can officially go fishing.
do you still RT and tweet ur fans? :)
Look for me, & in the crowd on #ABDC tonight!
Guy I work with: "aww crap"... His kid: "did you not make dough when you were supposed to?" #TakeYourKidToWorkDay lolol
Hey, thanks, !
My eyes are still dilated and things look 3D >_<
Class in the AM for me. :( So I will have to wait.
yeah, and Yes. Pretty legit. Plus the tickets were like 50% off thanks to I grew up with that stuff, hard to beat
Thanks, you are right about that!! Good Laugh tonight!
Step Four: Hydrate. Drink 64 ounces (8 glasses) of water per day.
Antonio Brown is the winner of the 2011 Steelers MVP Award. Nice
Ain't nothin on the news but the blues
that is the truest statement I've ever heard.
When people type like they have no sense <<<
Off to Frontenac, gotta visit M.A.C. 💄💋
feels amazing to
Already overwhelmed by iphone4s updates, thoughts, etc...enough!
Hope today is a good day(:
How do you fix a woman's watch? - It doesn't matter. There is a clock on the oven.
missing my mom more than ever...it hurts like it did a few years ago...love and miss you mom...
Question: Will a daily deal service (like a Groupon) work in Whatcom? Do Bellinghamster's even care?
Gonna work on some youtube videos with Little Sister:). 13 more days(Feild Days),17 more days(XC),35 more days(School):/
heterogeneous degree distributions and strong clustering in complex networks emerge naturally, they said.
Follow LSU Women's LAX! Email us if you want info about joining lacrosse!
yeah, knowing you! Lol(:
6-2 lets keep this train aroll'n! My picks for today Pats over Ravens 24-10 and Niners over the Giants 27-17. What Do you think?
I seen that lol that's why I want some -.-
Gonna get silly up in there! RT : #VIPFRIDAYS Sounds by contact me at 6179229545
Me and my boyfriend are an odd couple.
thanks for the follow, welcome!
Very windy here in flagstaff
Nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life .
-__- Show off, lol:p RT I just found out u can take pics using the + volume bottom
Sorry I get.. I missed the debate tonight. thank you for all you do...
“: when are you coming to party and #FHBO again?” All night LONG!!! uuuhhhh!!
I'm in my martial arts class. Call back around 630
Relationships can be tough, before doing anything rash; drink it through.
KEY to SUCCESS: Collaboration unleashes the power of the many to do together what none can do alone. - at
It really is good to see back home in San Diego. (Except she's now whispering behind a locked door with mom and sister.)
yeah, thanks :) so, how are you & Anny doing?
Most ploys to have you save money involve you spending it first. That counter-intuitive argument is not going to work today.
Not sure. I went from 5.5 to 6gb though. Retweeting counts?
$10 VersaSpa Spray tans through the end of November! Must mention Facebook to receive this price! Call for an appointment (425) 643-5772
studio should be up and running in Charlotte,NC next week
Watched the American Horror Story Marathon on FX last night. Its my new favorite show.
is reading a review of my favorite resort Casa De Campo, on www.oyster.com Oyster Hotel Reviews.
evo morales is an embarrassment
I'm convinced the large format of a desktop display is the reason web design and apps interfaces have been incoherent and random. No limits.
Thx U...I'm Glad you liked it!!
catching bus2pet shop
During later years he gained his experience in real life situations in violent confrontations against the fascist thugs
Talking to 7th graders at Holy Apostles about working in radio/media. Hm, what should I tell them?
Towards Uganda. The video is VERY well done but it preys on your ethos w/ Jacob & the birth of his son Gavin to make you feel strong emotion
What a week. 5 people hate me and I'm stuck at work. Lovely. Maybe everyone's right and I am a crazy fuckup.
From everyone here at Island Real Estate, merry Christmas to all of our Facebook friends!
This wines got me feelin fine
OU Oh Yeah!
oh. That's a very nice neighborhood. No junkies and white trash like you get in hampden.
RT if you find out about Carly Rae Jepsen from and not Justin Bieber. Check out their cover of the song btw :)
she was talking about driving in LA and I was like why is Amber driving all over in LA????
booking a flight tonight.
wah I miss you more. I have a lot to tell you. #boyprobs See you tomorrow, love you!!
Thanks for posting city state locations :)
Productivity tip - coffee and Girl Talk radio on Pandora.
So excited to watch #khloeandlamar!
Hope everything's ok bro!
My wife don't realize she means more to me than money. So until she goes home I'm her hospital guest.
Rockin' out to Party Rock in the back of Danielle's () vans.
Up. Drinking coffee and smoking. #nowplaying apocalyptica I don't care
man bro can u mix and masters dese tracks for the mixtape
To carpenter ants, I am a serial killer.
Washington, DC Trade MIssion to Brazil please
My daughter got home from a sleepover and almost fell asleep in her spaghetti - asleep by 7:30, a new record!!
fine, DON'T call me.
hello awesome end to the week!!!
Not gonna be able to watch YouNow today :'(
Bad day to burn! Red flag warning in effect across Grand Valley
I see you. But, do you see me?
Smashing Vegas 3/23/2012 I'm Live Host/DJ at Larrys Villa Strip Club
Someone should bring me some food 
girls are so hard to understand. half the time i dont even understand myself.
try ebay there are ususally cheaper there, decent mac minis can go for $500
#follow my gorgeous sister #actress #model you can also see on "the b*tch in apt 23"
: Awesome effort today as we begin this journey of many miles with one foot in front of the other!
If Justin losing to Bruno can make you cry, I'm willing to bet anything would.
Sick Beard: Started Download: The Sopranos - 5x07 - In Camelot.
thanks gary! glad you think so! shes an amazing person!<most are but I'm tilted in their favor.
Everyone check me out on habbo my names motorvirtualDJ. Got it I hope u do k. Now this is me sayin and I aint playing on sayin goodbye!!!!
dat is wassup where u from ma?
So u send your best friend to check to see if I'm on Jackd!!! Can't even call that stupid. But damn!!! Yea this is def over!!!
excellent! Let us know how it goes, we hope you create lots of great images!
But o.a.n finna find sumbody ta txt til I fall asleep
man i remmeber the day i wrote a Bleacher Report article about Danilo is the worst shooter on the Nuggets. was crushed. i still stand by it
diva rooms are NOT easy! Lol
all updates seem to be lists lately. today will likely shape up to be school, bank, grading, laundry, school
Dude I have no clue. q: RT : why so awesome and hot edward?? =))) ☺
Last month, TPS submitted an article in a marine technology magazine about portable turntables for laying underwater cable.
dumb it down
I don't get it. What's the poor part of that choice?
too bad you gave it away yesterday!!! Victoria! Lol
isn't that just making really smart scientists the new class of the religious elite? They know the technical answers and we follow?
Thank you!
Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing Have A Great Night!!!
(cont) but at same time if he wins I'm paying it im sure so it's pretty weak 2 let them work u like that. Dealer need 2 step up&protect winR
The picture was also taken in the 1st inning. Park was mostly full by the 3-4th inning. No diff. than Heat games.
Would it be rude if I ate and ran??
fuck your macbook and smoke a blunt
RT Carlisle on his team's resiliency, "This is as mentally tough a group as I've ever had. I love this team more than any team I've had."
What's your favorite store at Charlottesville Fashion Square?
Happy Cinco de Mayo :D♥ !
I love Tuesdays because it means new movies on OnDemand. And i don't care who knows it.
Yep! “: As a #Sagittarius for you only things that seem to be out of reach are worth reaching for.”
the oysters anxiously await you, cowering in their shells. The wine is chill.
got a link to some music?
Are you planning to post your presentation online?
Has anyone ever thought wtf gum is? It holds things together, fixes cars, sticks to anything yet we chew it for hrs n nothing happens to it.
Happy Lunar New Year! 恭喜發財。
Bonding? We check all the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
#BrianSantryProbz the munchies ..
glance right
Okay time to work..
Happy Valentine's Day to you too love ya RT : Happy Valentine's Day !! Love ya lady!!
Go follow my homies MMI makin big moves keep up....
#signofthetimes Coaches and Players saying too much..See Austin, Marvin- UNC DTackle launched NCAA investigation w/ one tweet
Intl Ed key to stimulating innovation/invention especially in STEM (science, tech, eng, math) fields.
About time to go after Stanley!!
You've got a week left til the #SuperBowl...come grab all you need for the perfect party here!
It's here, folks. A powerful vehicle for political change. Could be a major force if the majority participated. Oh, squirrel!
PS: That poor mom with her sons photo all over fb. I've seen that photo on my timeline many times. :(
I want to blank your hand
If you're an annoying asshole, I'm shoving my empty beer bottle up your ass. You will be just about as irritated as I am.
Shut up, Siri.
Oh my god, Jeff. The 50s called. They want their everything back.
where u at tonight
A rose is prettier to look at than a cabbage and sure smells sweeter but a cabbage makes a far better and healthier bowl of soup.
next time look for one of our Electric Cab's downtown Austin.
EEK! It's Friday the 13th!
I live off of frozen dinners
Telling people to get back in their cage
You think I could tweet my employer's name & stay employed? Common theme in gov't: many ppl not rly interested in doing job
Have fun being successful
Omg I just had me some good white castle
Congrats!! xo
Oakland, CA suffers tragic incident yesterday, no answers, only loss today.
OH MAN GOT MY MINECON CAPE I AM SO HAPPY
Is that good, bad or something else? Also, sustainable for whom? I live by slow is smooth, smooth is fast, but...
...I have such a green thumb yo...
thanks for having me this weekend!!! I miss you.
: Right back at you, Robyn!
Very interesting information. Thank you!
2 thumbs up for perspective
Things are great here too! Graduation is coming up quick, any big plans?
Hi Tweeps...it's 80+ degrees with cloudless, sunny skies here in LA...wish you were here. :o>
Not a bad pickup for the Bravos
Gregory I can fix that.
Oh we going off this summer my boy.
Phone kept me from sleeping this morning...... now its stephen A. & skip Teb.....I meam bayless.
Easter Sunday! Hope everyone has a great day with friends and family.
That song is so catchyy!!!! :D
I smell tater tots and mozzarella sticks
Me and refuse to fail Algebra 2!
Political... Ha!
yeah im going to finals then state
Wishing Miss A Happy 30th Birthday!!
id destroy 2 chains if I really wanted to rap
Soo My dad wants me to get out of the house.
dont shake it to hard
yeah there's always setbacks hah. Thanks homie! Those 2 Robson pieces look sweet!
"Even in the dark baby Imma shine bright!" Always banging dat
you can see real time traffic on google maps but an awesome feature would be predictive traffic for a given time based on history
Thanks for coming out! Hope you enjoyed the front row seat!
DtvDerrek thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
#kids Take a Step for Survival--Join Susan Koeppen's Team: Take a Step for Survival--Join Susan Koeppen's Team Saturday, May 19, 2012 at...
Just got off oovoo with my baby a relief to actually see her again. I love you baby.
I think a poet is anybody who wouldn't call himself a poet.-Bob Dylan
I gotta start wearing my glasses :(
I hate feeling alone... cant wait until he gets home!
Doug wanted to reach out and see how you were doing with the tech analyst. Hope the hockey season is going well.
The DM is slowly being sent out & is subject to 's spam controls. So in the meantime I will just tweet it out while the DM is sent.
If copyright gets more complex it will be even more confusing and it will lead to people ignoring and acting out
Im upstairs and lele is downstairs can you tell her to come up here to me 4 a sec i found something of hers
is that you that won the trip then? congrats if so man! we're shouting out all of our local winners.
You're adopted
. Don't think I misplaced my integrity. Perhaps you didn't read the same column I wrote.
#MTV should just change its name to
Thats my name n dont u 4 get it
Sounds like a freakin plan. A plan I want to complete. D:<
"How does it feel like letting go? I only know how to love."
Did you have fun filming this episode ?
sayin' "we can still be friends" after a bad breakupp is like sayin' "the doq died but we can still keep it"
Painted my room green today, very excited to see what it looks like tomorrow!
get studying then!
TOYS -- darkly whimsical, and pleasantly so.
Leave it to Jackson the fitness model to be the biggest douche during his intro :)
Damn she's good. It's like she reads our minds!
Jarrett Lee thinks Mark Sanchez throws too many Pick 6's
Thanks! There's definitely culture shock, but it will probably feel even more strange when we're back to being 'settled'.
so true lol
hit my inbox with ya location
No I haven't seen her Facebook and I haven't seen her YouTube and ya it does suck I'm a huge fan of hers
oh my fucking god. i cannot deal with my parents anymore.
I love nicki too I'm so exited for tuesday !!!!! Release day woo !
it just got postponed idk if they'll finish or not
haha. hey hoe spaghettio is gunna be my new greeting for u
About to listen to at macalester college in st. paul!
hold on, im fangirling with jess like old times(; <3
ditto! We're hosting 'ARTICLE 19' opening reception here this Fri. eve - 312 Rosemont Ave,NE - plse join us!
great game!
Internet Safety assembly to teach parents about keeping kids safe online
"What kind of guy w/out a drug or alcohol problem looks this way? Only a writer." -Eddie Morra
I am so sad Make it or Break it is over. What am I suppose to do on Monday's now??
Nice, the latest one seemed from Jersey, but too close. All beautiful pics. At the time, I was in WS, but in a basement dentist. :(
indeed! Pressure is in to get glam before the great american clean up on 4/21.
The Packers really are unreal!! I'm watching this Bears game, wondering if they can even score 3 points!
study.....kinda hbu?
#magnolia in #midtown is packed with tourists, but it smells so nice and is so colorful #Can'tResist
Congrats on the promotion. Lot of cold weather in your future. :)
“: let's go Tebow lol!!!!”haha he'll mostly be a situational player for #Jets should his nickname be #thesituation? Haha
Max Steiner composed this score; he'd be 124 today. THIS kind of musicianship is hard to find nowadays and it saddens me....
I'll get a Cam Newton one and pass you all the beers at the bar!
Go Badgers!!!
interesting idea... We will have to keep it in mind down the road :) have a great weekend!
Good looking out, and thank you F.O.D.
I hope you know what you have
hurry home tonight sweetie
We are so glad that you came by yesterday! Stop by anytime! Have fun on the #blogtourNYC!
This is a bit awkward. I've heard a few things and I was wondering if you would mind if I took out Beth?
good morning! Blessings to you.
That tweet makes me think of & singing Sick As A Dog
Thanks Aya! Glad u caught the Showcase last night! Pumped to have everyone @#APAP talking about this new innovative collaboration
you got your twitter back?
*you and me peeing our pants at the lunch line* lunch lady:"what's so funny?" me:"I'M SO HUNGRY!"
If I ever saw that lady on the street I dont thing self control would be an option anymore.
How's everyone doing today?
You the Best Khaled and you need to do a show in Milwaukee or Chi-town. You will rule the game 4 a long time InShaAllah!
Damn RT : Its a one of a kind man! not going to be released commercially!!
See? I told you we're following you xD
Let's just hope everything turns out great! Ready to have a great weekend <3
GIANTS! Ford!
Skype in not secure
Blunts, tequila, kiddie pool, a parked lowrider bumping reggaeton, and everybody wearing wife beaters. That's summer as fuck.
Tweet 10,000: Dedicated to the #sachat & #sagrad communities who always push me to be my best! You're the reason why I'm here. THANK YOU!
hell yea i sho was wonderin what was up wit all them po po round di bitch
May u be around family & good friends, May u have good food drink and cheer, singing around the fireside during Christmas time this year!
I saw a special screening of Step Up 3D last week in houston , Tx ,it was a awesome movie and It was great in 3D =)
brb moving to texas with
“: "My grandpa won't fly since 7-11" - girl blow drying my hair” LMAO!
way ahead of ya(:
Spinnin at Jordi birthday at the Brown in breck come party!!
BVEN Boutique is looking for quality, current up to date resale for consignment. Designer pieces appreciated. Please email...
Funeral for Grandpa produced long lost cousins, siblings I haven't seen in years, and a great visit with Mom and other relatives.
I just discovered #artsmgtchat - and it's about to start, I think.
Happy birthday
MTV should make a show called 61 and Pregnant. I'd DVR the shit out of that.
Gearing up for first Chili Cook-off today! Hope my spicy white chicken chili makes the grade.
Bus was 900 degrees this morning. I love being crammed into a box with 100 people and cooked to start my day.
While teachers teach, workers work & students study, a trickle of artists slinks and skulks the coffee shops.
Thanks for your message.
What a beautiful day today to end the new year!!!!
