Goodmorning twitter world
Always listen to your heart because even though it's on the left side it's always right <3
JDATE line is far better. I gots Bubba Ho-Tep peeps up in this bitch (read: up in the bitch we're not actually in yet)
making music is hard..
I got I jus gotta sit my ass down for a change cats on my head bro!!
Nice Dave.
Almost like Aaron Rodgers hasn't played in a live football game for 3 weeks. Hmm.
Im watching the Packers Thanksgiving game. Am I the only person who thinks Nate Burleson is a complete tool?
I don't like anyone knowing anything about me that I didn't choose to tell them.
Keep it real wit me n ima keep it real wit u, keep it fake wit me n ima still keep it real wit ur fake ass
I hope you plan on giving us a show. You own the stage when you perform. Wishing you luck, man.
RT : Colombians are crazy
Do it all. It'll make each of those that much better knowing how to do it all. : )
Happy Easter rock on!!
congrats on the 10 minute play festival - first week in May at The Complex! Good job! you always make it happen!
Don't get me wrong, you can keep it. Have you heard the Dragon Tattoo sdtrk? It's great mood music.
my horoscope is almost always accurate
RT : Target companies you like. Ilustrate how youll help them solve problems & make/save money. How you will add value!
So...i mention car insurance and I start getting followed left and right by insurance companies haha.
I love how told me he was coming back to Niki's saturday and did not return -___-
How do you outplay a team and lose 7-0? My squirts found a way...
lol how many u gonna do?
Finished up a flat roof Residential this week. Todd did a great Job! Customer very happy!!!
Nordstrom. And the ones I bought that aren't gross and beat up are open-toed...oops.
Oh wait now. What? RT : Yes! Wedding planning here we come!
Feeling this year is THE YEAR!
"Battleship" opens Friday against "What To Expect When You're Expecting." Which one will win the top spot? Will Avengers stay #1?
aww thanks for that Joy, but NOW I have to actually update it;)
but I'm getting there 30:D I'm close to kicking your ass! !!
LETS JUST GET WASTEY PANTS!!
good to know, cause that rep about me having prison sex is, mostly, wrong
HAPPY HOLIDAY'S TO EVERYONE. BE SAFE, BE MERRY, BE CHEERFUL AND BRITE.
that thing needs a brazilian wax!
if u want it to be , master
If you own a dog, check the CRAP out of them for ticks. Finding the bastards on my pups after taking em out for not even five minutes.
yeahh it depends. I gtg right now so ttyl:)
4 hours of sleep? That's enough for me!
hey beautiful sorry been busy :) kisses
11 more followers until 900, thank you guys so much i never knew how many people would actually care about what i say,FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW!!!!!
did u see the pic in my design profile? see what my babies are doing? eating bird poop look at em lol tryn break this habit
Hoping I can get a RT from my broski ! Blitzkrieg!
I really need to stop staying up late to talk to him. Today I will go to bed around 9. After secret life is over.
Thanks! RT Happy Friday and
Sandals on one person, boots on another. It's that time of year.
no, only posting
"What are these iguanas doing on my coffee table?"
At the for zoo lights!
You can go home, sort of..Dan Lauria teaching an acting class at Fordham today...which is of course the alma mater of the real "Coach"
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didn't get a follower for 3 mos. Now, 400 plus later and still growing. Thanks for making it a wild ride.
y tha weather always wants to rain or snow on thursday's wen im tryna go out huh?
Seeing my family happy together is a great feeling!
lol chill. I freaking miss you yo! (:
Just got my hair and makeup done even though the scene is me in a nightgown in bed. Ah the magic of TV.
CDC director Tom Frieden says China launched its own CDC called "ChinaCDC." "Even though CDC doesn't mean anything in Chinese."
#raw10 my relationships r like pancakes. Each pancake rep a yr, ive never made it past 2 even w/syrup!
An early Christmas present for me..."A Christmas Story" is on #tcm now. #LOVE IT!
sorry I missed you this weekend :( damn weddings. hope u had fun in the bean!!! Miss you boo
aw you still think I'm a red headed bitch who can breathe under water and undermine my father yet talk to fish and lobsters :)
Thank you guys for making me LOOK kool!!!
I wanna dog REAL bad. I'd call him Phred (wit a “Ph“) cuz I don't give an “F“
finals starts streaming at 3pm pst today (Sat)...Please RT!!
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
last tweet you posted read it and than you will know why lol
Sex on a cab is fun
And lyn Magee I don't like Adrian still it didnt take long for me to move on let's not act like u know me u ped
Looking forward to the District Championship tomorrow night:D
It's kinda fun to listen to all the different sports shows try and come up with new & creative ways to talk about Lin... for the 364th time.
#600 conquest wins!!!
i hear a girl singing ariel in the echo-y halls of healy. i swear it's not me this time!!!
I live right down the street from you. I love to sample some sweets for my bar.
really some people are actually happy that is getting a divorce are fucking kidding me thats so pathetic
#wordoftheday Cahoot (n) partnership, league - usually used in plural. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
Just got a MacBook Pro i7 2.66 ghz for / from work!
Thanks for the follow..
Why are there bruises all over my body!?
Haha. Come on now Bri! You know you love it ;)
If you like to laugh and you're not following , then you're doing it wrong. Do it right now!
some people are just stupid.
Glad to have today off.
Nice work tonight during mayoral debate
#3ThingsThatPissMeOff 1) alarm clocks 2) people who drive the speed limit 3) police that pull me over.
RT My life can be so complicated>>> Life is what you make it
thank you for your support of FAMILY AFFAIR for giving people a platform to talk about these issues.
very fun!
No Problem!!!!! :) Can u please follow us? :D
Oh for sure G!
She say she think I need to be her body guard lol
Merry Christmas to you too!! :)
" I'd like to come off your list as I don't care who unfollows me."
I was sick soo nope :(
and I just broke a record for the longest phone call of 6 hrs & exactly 2 mins. Thing is we never ran outta things to talk about.
It's magical! I had no idea! I look so good from third rib and above!
People today can't handle the truth!
I want to have your baby... Wtf? No she didn't. #Scared! #Shocked!
Did you get that beat?
But we already knew that from the way they talk about laid-off workers, didn't we? :)
Now where will I move the grill... Rain won't stop me!
Thank God for "ice maintenance" :)
Payin em off for the grip
I need to do some major cleaning in this room of mind. Looks like a tornado went thru it
I don't hate you, I'm just disappointed you turned into everything you said you'd never be.
Refilled the birdfeeders. Got customers as I was walking away.
Me: front barbell squats with 1/2 my body wt. Only sore spots are shoulders and collarbone from the bar. Something def amiss.
someone better say, "You sunk my Battleship" in the movie tonight
Hello new followers , , , , and
Then an Asian had to come tell me what vacant meant.
aye chick....i missed u today
I've been saying that since it came out. I could've written another verse for her.
you guys i just wanna put wine and pasta in me real fast right now
is watching Undercover Boss about Norwegian Cruise Line.
So glad you had fun! We'd love to see photos & videos. Please post on BISS FB, Twitter or email !
Nothing like gold old Steve Wilkos at 3:00 am. Seriously, there's nothing like it.
SCRABBLE LOVERS UNITE! Illinois-made film QWERTY debuts at Dallas International FF tonight...follow/support:
I mean cmon man how do you look when you been ridin with someone 20some yrs &now you throwin dirt on they name.Took 20yrs to figure it out?
Poor leadership can really bring down an organization.
Getting reports that Forney HS hit by tornado.
worst studio visit EVA. cried during the whole thing. drowned sorrows in cool ranch doritos, discovered duncan-cat appreciates this delicacy
I have to say, the Cd version sounds leaps and bounds better than the download
Ah school time hair and make up is done now breakfast
why ya gotta be so meeaannnn!?????
The DJ booth at the Urban Bear Fair is right next to the Meat Hook's BBQ stand. This portends Noms.
yeah let's go on an evening walk/run:)
First test for 3rd degree.... done!
Sometimes chasing the money make you lose sight of REAL money. Stop chasing short term money.
watching the lakers game lets get it!
okay. Just letting you know the door is open if you need something.
Where are You finding these GREAT classes????
They are? No way! Damn I remember when that film and POISON were huge hits at back in '91! That's so sad!
they can't comprehend or even come close to understanding him
Thanks for a great review of 'Desiring Uncertainty'!
Sometimes you gotta do what's right for YOU, even if it hurts some people you love.
Might not be the best approach for us if we are seeking to win our game in life or this week
I can`t handle today, i can`t.
i gotta cute face,chubby face,thick legs,in shape ;)
I am super excited! Silly question... what to wear? Casual? Flame-resistant?
#FF Happy Friday!
coming back to host 2012 Golden Globes. Love it!
Can you make that happen? Where was Ryan? RT : You need some Chill Wealthy Will on the Bon Rappetite mix.
Balt should have won
At editors studio about to watch 1st rough cut of footage....anxious as hell!
Nice to meet you!
: "It's never too late to be what you might have been."
looks like NBC wants Ree's coming in. Playing the 2010 UTAH game.
Looking for a back-up writer for tomorrow's edu180atl post -- a 250 word reflection on "what you learned today." Anyone? @ or DM us! Pls RT
oh really
and you would right. Perhaps this is a first.
Shout to you. We r tryna get u 2 b in our Movie. Can u FOLLOW me so I can give more Pre-Production Details for our Cpt Film
Please keep it up!!
Quote: "Earnie Shavers could punch you in the neck and break your ankle." —Randall "Tex" Cobb
they go on sale supposbly on march 24 :)
Is 2012 coming too fast for you? I'm ready for it, don't get me wrong. But could use just a couple more days to prep.
“ “ #Virgo likes the deep, rich, committed love. Not the light, fluffy high-school love.
I beat you...
it's whatever inspires you! :) I suggest you #follow ppl like
sorry email won't work. D mattvensel if you still need someone to talk about the caps @ 1st mariner, I'll do my best.
if you follow I'll follow back!!!! Ready...get set..GO!
Lol you wore pajamas yesterday
I hate #YOLO fuck you whoever say it
perhaps there is some middle ground? Sell with a discounted price as a "thank you" for the initial interest/help?
I definitely think i failed my spanish test today
Tonight learned "bread-like" is the ultimate cupcake criticism and I dress like a NYC carpenter
I mean I gotta be up early
cannot wait for this delicious dinner tonight with the roommate, dreaming about it in class right now
naw it wasn't like that and you don't ever hit me up
Hey guys follow , only need 4 followers to 70;) let's go
Amanda and left me alone and now I have crowd anxiety :(
jaxon has to go pee that dog or boxer like jasper but jaxon is brendle and jasper is a fawn brown im drinking sunkist orange pop
Breakfast Hot Pockets are like the Hot Pockets of the breakfast world.
Please welcome ThatGirl_Tisha to the Max life
"The site has all sorts of gramical errors"
If you're gonna squeeze it always has to be a suicide, ESPECIALLY if its being bunted down the third baseline to a more athletic player.
It was really hot today. I feel summer approaching.
Thanks for the #FF!
it's a New York reunion!! Meet us there Ike!
This match has gone much longer than I expected.
Headin fer the barn cash game winners
that's why I've stayed inside in pjs all day :-)
So, I just don't understand. I want so much, but I want to give everything away. I just can't climb this mountain staring down on me.
omg I dont, her eyes scares me lolol
Have you tried 's new tanning lotions? They have been flying off the shelves, just sold another!
It appears Joe Walsh still has it. Rock on
Salad and Wings from Makes for a great day.
that put Fidel Castro in power.
thats crazy i think you guys do it weird..blah could never do it.
You're not the only one. I've worked my butt off to make it here. I'm not about to let it get ripped from my hands.
Jenny and Ashely
haha ohmygod.we need to get together and tawk!! I;d make a trip to chi-townRT : high-five, sister. High-five. Ha.
Im watchin the game and orlando scored and they showed a fan jumping up and down as her boobs r hitting her chin o_0
whts hannin family hit my line
now has 59 tweets. There we go!!!
Get in the huddle, Andrew. Get in the game, Pau. Man...frustrating. Frustrating.
I called the homeless man! I guess I love this show. Damn.
Really? Fox? A Mannings in the post season Chyron? Really? WTF does Peyton have to do with this OT?
Ha! That's a good one! They are pretty cocky like that.
Hello to ALL my Tweeps! I hope April is simply #awesome for you!
RT #UPA2012 in June & need one last Senior #UX guru to present for our IGNITE!! for details!
Letterman..."Romney's dog has done more for the auto industry than he has"
working on three new songs for the next show will be a challenge if we can't get everyone to practice at the same time
New Belgium's 2 below ale is very tasty!
Travel safe! Curious, does Angkor Wat still have a host of amputees begging for money near the temple?
Saturday is the big day for Its gona b a blast C u there!
I wish I knew if you liked me but sure do know that I like you ;)
you fed them after midnight, huh?
26. I LOVE BOARD GAMES.
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard...try rising from the dead!
that's what I'm saying smh. When yu get there let me know if anyone Ballin. If there is I'll go
hey guys come check out these ADIDADS JORDANS AND NIKE we have in:)
About to get into so
Made your fried smashed potatoes to go w/ dinner tonight-OH BABY! So good & what a hit! Nxt-rice pudding; love for breakfast!
Nice RT : This Saturday...introducing Purpke Door's Raspberry Green Tea ice cream made with ! Great springtime flavor!
while earlier i was planting carrots with my mom(lmao i was bored) i thought of (:
Looking forward to the dedication ceremony of the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington, D.C. on August 28th.
About to watch #Detroit's (from #Kalamazoo)Doug Anderson High Flying dunker vs #Kansas on #TruTv - full plate today chillin.
I don't want him anymore, he's an ex for a reason but I still can't stand the thought of him being with anyone else :/
Bail or Jail? Funny fundraiser returns
This is cool! email , we should have you come be the soundsystem at an event!
Don't forget to respond to our direct message to let us know where to send the shirt !
Far as rap mostly jay...but I like music in general,good music is good music
Spendin time w/ my mom & #crazyfamily 4 my mom's b-day! God do we make each other laugh!
solid jam. I'm real big on Thistle and Weeds right now. It's so dark sounding but so good
My dads a better goalie then most 20-30 yr olds and hes 50 and he loves it so much
did you know that the L.A. Zine Fest is now offering Bike Valet? pretty cool....
I see my G-Ma angel is up !! Have a wonderful day :)
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B! Enjoy the holiday & we'll be here for your shopping munchies! Friday & Sat 12pm-8pm, Sun 12pm-5pm
no I'm cool.
so excited to watch your season tonight! More importantly hoping you all the love & happiness you deserve!
We're betting on what shares of Facebook will cost by closing bell at my office. May be more profitable than actually buying shares.
It is truly sad that the Obama Admin. pretty much lets right-wing pundits lead them around, need to stick their chest out (S. Sherrod).
RT : Need an elevator pitch but recognize that no one buys anything in an elevator. Be prepared for deep dives.
Day one of the new doctoral program - biggest issue: bring laptop, or just pen & paper?
I think Petie has the hiccups....hard to tell as I've never witnessed cat hiccups before but that's my guess...
": What song does Tim Tebow get pumped 2? I wanna know!" Swing low sweet chariot
There is no love sincerer than the love of food. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Yesterday landed in Chicago w/ huge migraine, laid in bed at hotel, missed mtg, now leaving hotel in huge rainstorm to fly back.
I am officially an ordained minister
I blame As soon as they pulled out the red cups November started to happen. RT seriously - who invited November?
Aha "Mom your but is huge you look like Nicki Minaj!" Lmao
i am the manager for chi-city hip-hop recording artist precise.
If you can't be real with me, don't expect me to be real with you
its just insulting
Happy birthday! We're glad you enjoyed your dinner.
Don't know what I'm gonna do today. Any ideas?
I know
you can have whatever you can chip off my windshield.
Thrilled to welcome new #followers happy #traveltuesday and every tuesday!
yes darlin! Great morning to you!
Caribbean Bay » jordan 4 2012 Fresh Visitor Tips about Booking ...
#myweakness football players!
you lost when you said "classy like the hills." what show?
Renee - it reminds me of danger, difficulty, and hardship
#nowplaying "Long Black Veil", The Band, off Crossing The Great Divide.
though I do fear the cases of wine that would need to be procured in advance of your visit...
It's crazy how people can unexpectedly come into your life and change it completely in one quick, sneaky second.
Can't wait to go see grams & gramps 😊❤
Thx 4 the follow! 1 of the directors in our series is from Kalamazoo, MI and on Detroit-based hip-hop label
It was this tweet - Tech Startups is out! bit.ly/i7gzYj ▸ Top stories today via
Hoping to play at Under Armour 3rd Rail Jam - Echo Mountain! Post on their wall to request Between Fate.
Hehe I know :)
Working to bring GLT to the Motor City. It would be a great addition to the COBO expansion plans!
Pork shoulder in spicy tomato sauce, oh pressure cooker, you are my friend. cc
I don't remember the disclaimer at the beginning though, do you?
Thank you! Your Mom was very comforting! I'll have to show you the video of me yelling I want Taco Bell.
Happy birthday to my friend! We all had great food, drinks, & convo last night. Cheers to a wonderful night!
You're a peach, Abrams.
Only 1 bar of battery on phone this morning. :p i'll have to find time to charge it at school. anyhow, goodmorning all! :)
*ahem* Follow multi-faceted and talented or be killed off in imaginative ways in my fiction ;)
I'm Angie. I think elegance and attitude are the same thing. And - I have IBS.
If you can't afford to hire a psychic to give you psychic answers, then use a pendulum to get your own free psychic answers.
Bottom line is it's still Rhett so it can only be great. Not that I'm biased.
Yes I am - just not tonight. We've missed you Ysabel :)
Well good morning my old friend Justin!! How ya doin?? Still going back & forth between here & Florida. Great to catch up!!
so that wasn't a banshe
Making pizza! Za it up with us today!!!
so use speak to text
Pulling a brady...
because you live and breath because you make me believe in my self when no body else can help
Lastest IM Reviews Posts New Ipad heat issues
Signed, sealed, and delivered. Everyday hustling in #BloomingdaleDC!
Actually...it's bed time for me. Happy Friday folks!! I'll tweet some #FF when I'm back
nyan cat jump>>
Mets win! Mets win! #PhuckThePhillies!
Back at you :) Looking forward to your posts.
well shit. :/ i get lonely and i don't wanna be online anymore.
score! Yotes imploding before our eyes
Proud of Seattle's stance on "Online Sex Ads Exploit Teens." Read the article in the #Seattle Times Sunday Paper (7/24)!
#YOUneedahearingaid Nigga. YOU SAID NICK IS SO SEXY. SO
that's a good one rev I have to borrow that one
Laughing so hard, no noise comes out, so ill sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
Okay now I can't sleep im too excited!!
you dong good?
RT : Hop Slam is now on tap! UGH! I used to live 3 blocks from you and could walk there when I was younger! DAMMIT!
he can be your "connect" bruh lol. Any GR you want, he's got you!
fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun looking forward to the weekend.
You dont need to do anything, just tell them to leave you alone if you dont want them there!
Mike Adams caught one! I didn't know our DB's had hands!!
If you take the opposite view of Oliver you'll be right 100% of the time.
you can email me at I will send you the interview questions. I look forward to hearing your story. Cheers
Advise for Today: "Change your thoughts and you change your world." Norman Vincent Peale
#HP to discontinue production of #TouchPad, related #smartphones. Another victim of 's success.(One stat: Apple has 95% #tablet mrkt)
Whoa! Talk about a hidden treasure.
Street unchins breaking into cars in the Lyell Otis area! Stay alert!
nice work! RT: who thinks #austinbakes REALLY should be trending right now
My comprehension of jazz theory and performance would still be a complete blur if it weren't for Frank Portolese. He's a pioneer.
Re-entering the workout world involves the use of ramps over stairs and the metal bars alongside toilets in bathroom stalls.
I miss you :)
Being In A Relationship Just Means One More Person I’ll Eventually Have To Block…
Patience is a great weapon against fate
Working dbls all weekend. Luckily they are half patio shifts
your sexy
don't worry, if I win, you'll get a taste.
On my way to the Fogo.
Feeling bad for live bands who have to compete with major sporting events.
Its a party its a party its a party! Yeah boiii!
yes I do I got to get up at 6:45am ugh :(
I know, right? I can only enter for myself and my husband. I'm ready to finally win one!
Some of my students showed me this. Quite funny. Glad you enjoyed it!
I just want to say thank you jesus......
Ah yes, we are all over the place! Still very prominent in north. Thanks 4 letting me know, I'd love to add it to the fam tree.
Thank you for the RTs!
sick sick sick. bleegh.
of would think one or the other would have to be in effect.
plus I'm a Bulls fan could care less about loser Clippers
I agree. The cherries give it enough visual pop that you don't need the flowers
You and me both.
pierce the veil >
100 bro RT always u kno how we do
Dear Facebook, Twitter is takin' over! Yours truly, The general population
At least I get to take a New passport picture
90?! Wow! Awesome!
Hi, honey, I'm home.
H/T: - I like how that mannequin has a 6-pack
HEY GAMERS...stay tuned we are announcing our sub $1,000.00 gaming PCs soon. Awesome as usual! Get ready!
damn. Iight look we gon find away backstage Juss like last timee buhh U know I got the hookups nn do
May be a dog fight 4 #mgt413caw title tmrw! If papers r indicator, judges will have tough time! Pressure on 4 wow-factor presentations tmrw!
What does everyone think about Kanye West?
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you!!! Pleased enjoy and cherish this day with your friends and family!!! Terry
i saw a bag from sweet in the office fridge
Happy Monday Fuji tweeps!
So how old are you? (:
had no idea u are valedictorian!!! Congrats! That is absolutely amazing!!!! #yougogirl :)))))
Okay I'm done with the awkward moment tweets (for now) :)
Hello guys i am in new tradition of living...do follow me and i will follow you...have a great day in twitter..
YUP ahaha. They love us at that place, just givin us that guy's food and MY food right in front of his face. BOO YAH!!! ahaha
!!!!!!! holla at gender neutral housing
I wish people understood me.
Haha i know right? && i don't really like mine cause i sound like an ld woman in a history book! D: what's your middle name?(:
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways remember the “friend” part more than the “boy.” Be nice and don’t act like an immature child.
What is the best software to manage multiple twitter accounts?
That last RT made me lol 😂
Great photo! Mind if we share it on Facebook? How was your weekend?
Fox 2012-2013 Primetime Schedule Moves Glee To Thursdays, Introduces The Mindy Project, Mob Doctor And Others Fox's 2012-2013 primetime s
Hockett: A rough equality in distribution of resources animate American intellectual traditions, dating back to the Founders
Waiting on the stoops for FedEx because my building is ghetto and doesn't have a buzzer.. They should be here in the next 7 hours...
Thanks for the RT's! XO
No please? :p
I want too
#FF all the cool kids are doing it
What a day so far....
Show tomorrow night Nashville!!!! Come show some love!!!
That's good. Made your day productive. Think I will change it up today and do
May your hot tub a time machine be. And never-nudes only in the over-eager water fountain of life!
no problemo ma'am!! And thanks!
getting ready to promote, hit me up to chat, Caliburr Records
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn but that's alright because I like the way it hurts
If they climb trees, it could!
how's your season of Hawaii Five O been rolling? Ya still like the aussie fella on it?
Me: wanna sit outside to eat? I dunno I haven't seen the inside yet....as a blind woman walks out the door.
Maybe for some. But it worked out for the best!
#PhilHumber of the CHICAGO WHITE SOX has a PERFECT GAME through eight innings.
The first step to Entrepreneurial success is leveraging relationships ~
Oh, no, nothing so crazy! We were all still just sitting there in line at the carpool pickup spot. Definitely unusual, though.
It is "Tell Us" Tuesday #TELLUS your favorite mascot of all time!!
wow! great. thank you. will check it out!
We know e-book sales have increased - but sales in higher ed are steady. I think most readers choose e-books for leisure.
People plz follow me
Do it. He is a winner. Probably fantastic in bed.
Furcal just tried to slap....WHAT!
The theatre geek in me is in love with the fact that I met Tina Landau today
Morning is never boring!
I will. I Cried 4 the hour it took me to find my Family. Phones were all down. Now TRYING to find Friends. TYVM ♥
That should be the same call as a punch and mathieu should be ejected.
"red solo cup... whoever that clown is..."
sounds like a #thankfulfor post :)
": Going shopping with the bestie aka my mom." But really though
Everything I have learned has come from experience on the streets. Fuck School
it was last minute planned..sad but Jen did fine!
If U throw quarters in a strip club( a la) making it hail
ok i dont like the track with lala hathaway
2 b ball games tomorrow back to back army vs navy then vs marines geeeze getting my d rose on tomorrow boieeee
I am headed out to Cincinnati this morning for NGS!
I know they are very good friends and if Jack doesn't get back soon, it's never going to happen.
RIP Donna Summer
Woo Hooooo Super Tuesday! Thanks for the mention ;)
Washington square park is straight goin off...the weather is unreal
I said lets move on not move on up!
what kind of magical things are you conjuring up?
I want to! I have my 3 items ready but it's the same time as my bday plans :( but i will try to see if i can still make it!
I would delete my twitter....but I hate most people on Facebook...damn.
I wanna play Cod- Mw3 I love juganauts on the wave game
It can be. I know what my answer is. :-)
Hulk.... smash!
Gmorning my #fashionistas! Early morning sourcing, pulling, being inspired for this Fun project w/ !! Xox
Success doesn't come to you ... you go to it. - Marva Collins via:
One of the laws of nature: When a child brings a toy with him to the bathroom, it is going into the toilet.
"SECRET LOVE" NOW PLAYING ON #JSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
i call you whtever i want!(:
Ugh same same same!!!! :D
stop it.
valentines day is just like any other day-.-
Holy storm in CFL!
It's definitely "K." #FalseUberFact RT : "Whatever" has been voted the most annoying word in the world for 3 years in a row.
Makes me gag thinking about it.... Where I work, we go to the jail a lot and get prisoners from cell. Let me tell you something
on my way to my unlce's funeral ='( R.I.P zio Vincenzo Graziano!
and Friday the 13 !
Uh oh.
This week is going by so fast tomorrow's Thursday already!!!!!
I saw it tweeted by who hosts a sports radio show in Knoxville. Had Dooley quotes too.
Dog just farted in my face
jesus christ you're such an annoying cunt.
Why do I have this funny feeling that Best Buy is going to declare bankruptcy.
Kick off my shoes and swim good, swim good..Take off this suit and swim good, swim good
Hey Son - "From the very words we write our actions invariably follow." Love Dad
On the same day that #stevejobs dies, so does my MacBook battery. [insert line about irony]
#TwSIG meme is idea that goes viral. twitter has some like #ff or #mbtafail Prof caught with red velvet cupcake.
Keep me posted on everything. Let me know if I can hep
S/o to da plumber looking fat white guy that was on his mopad in front of us with his but out!! Lol eww
you got that right - thanks for the tweet!
Just tune in, turn off, drop out, drop in, switch off, switch on, and explode.
Live from national press club, international student numbers are up 3% according to IIE 2010 open doors.
you know the food is good when you can be satisfied with the appetizers. Parallel 17: steamed pork buns, tuna tacos with unctious avocado
Twitter friends: make a $25 gift to Art Pulse (formerly San Diego Fine Art Society) via PayPal & rec.6 mos mbrshp FREE:
Are you ready for Monday? Get ready by trying one of the new breakfast or beverage items at FliP Crepes first thing in the morning!
Watching Elf; great way to end christmas!
I think I'm having a stylegasm from all this amazing fashion. #Ican't
But that means 67% of the country is *okay* with butt stuff. I'll take it!
Ronnie Mervis makes everything sound so awesome/frightening
I forgot why I was avoiding Twitter.... Colts. Peyton. Ugh
1 of the girls in are group use 2 be ur student at Attucks and she said ur so honest and talented and that ur very encouraging
Enjoy! Looks like nice traveling weather!
Hi Al, it is not supported at this time. Please check back for updates.
How ya' doing there champ?
just realized microsoft office was wiped when my hard drive crashed. textEdit & docs, here i come.
Queen size, respectively.
Come down the hottest Friday Night spot 's Place!!! Free parking, $3 shots & sexy ladiez!!
Dare you to like this.
I Have To Find Out Because They Didn't Tell ;But They Did Say It's Like ASM..
I just sneezed all over my moms iPad D:
I love when a corrupt system collapes. The NCAA is a complete joke. If those games didn't happen...give us back our ticket money.
One Direction should do a studio version of Forever Young :)
Right not, to reach 90 wins, the Sox would need to play .600 ball over the last 131 games.
Very Biblical last 5 minutes on tonight. I hate that yellow-head bastard excuse of a King.
I am currently reading George R. R. Martin's book, " A Clash of Kings." It's the sequel to the "Game of Thrones"-so good!
You are a wise man. And one with more self control than I.
Aaron called- he wants me to tell you that you are recording with Magic Turds at 6!!!!!!!!!
I'm good. CD is out and selling everything short of my soul ;)
Thanks EJ! appreciate it, was a fun piece to do, to go against the big bold typical approach and go for the subtle suspense!
what's the 3 letters?
yo u funny as shit Justin... I dont cheat if i want somebody else I will break up with their ass.
It's Friday... Christmas Ale is on tap. What could be better?
what time you get off? Let's hang tonight 😁
Here early af cuz Id have a ride today
Nice city view!
Walk in the rain tonight felt great.
ok, thanks Becky. I'll check them out! thanks for your help!
Commercial suggests stuffing stockings with gifts under $100 from best buy. What happened to candy,funky pens and lip balm?
of you aren't familiar with Bob , he does a good job of highlighting how weak and desperate the old regime really is
Thought for sure I was following you. DM me your email address and the exact account name you want back and I got it for you
He sucks for that one!!!!! RT : He calling RT : Can I come hang with you and Randy
Time is apparently standing still as I try to update software on 8 netbooks. *yawn*
Lots of F-bombs in this #Nationals / #Phillies game.
In the final stages of mixing the album..it's getting close now!
Back in my office, the most comfortable place in the world.
I'm a good texter but when people don't be talm bout shit I just put the phone down an continue doin wat I'm doin
RT : This man mowing the damn grass, sucked up a rock and the rock hit me right in the EYE! >Thats crazy
~Norm PapernickMan is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys .
Cotto tryna body slam mayweather ala triple h. Triple h on mayweather team. Lost a lil respect for the game
Since it is already Sunday, May 22 across the dateline, the dudes math must be wrong again! Rapture day must have to wait.
I kno u'r not:)_ looks back at you^_^
You are too sweet!! You are always the perfect host.
my nigga you thirst right
Posted Chillin high like ookkaaayy just relaxin thankin GOD for the day again lolz shout out to GOD THANK U I DONT NO WAT ID DO WITHOUT U !!
Niall is just as beautiful as the rest of the band! He is amazingly cute and seems like so a genuinely nice guy! Any girl would be lucky ..
Took my son to Pacers game & he joked on Earl Clark the whole time. Lol
Oh, it was more like a wake up call, get your butt in gear kinda moment when I read it!! Thx for the reminder :)
Finally going to bed at 4 am
Capturing and sorting footage, then I'm having the rest of the day off!!
ok guys. i'm going to bed. have a good night!
He already knows. I love any actress/actor that can show me something unexpected & just what I was looking 4
Goddamn right! “: Peyton Hillis is officially back on my fantasy team radar”
I miss kissin' on you.
when I dry my hair with the blow dryer I look like one of those little pink haired trolls. lol
Change-failure-progress, let's try it!
Q5. Who has the best Twitter avatar? Most unusual Twitter handle?
It's a great night. 10/20/30 Percent OFF Everything in the store. Stop by on your way OUT, get a pick-me-up & wrap up some holiday shopping!
Yesterday, the site was taking forever to load -- sometimes not loading at all. Luckily, it's much better today! Thx for checking.
I'm experiencing both excitement & a little bit of trepidation at the word on the street: #GirlScoutCookies are on the scene.
Hey Jersey Lovers! Sign up for , use promo code FCDNJ, get $5 free to spend at B&J and raise $5 for charity!
Reconcile with the people that mean the most to you, are good influences, have a future, and the ones you can't live without.
It's 1:20am... Good thing Sourcical never sleeps!
WGN-TV news anchor Mark Suppelsa takes break for rehab
work in the morning at Mt. View Market! yay!
eCourse server is up. Sorry for the inconvenience. OK now.
#BlackMamaQuotes you gone do what I say cause your ass don't pay nann damn bill in here!
***HEY NOW*** We are going to be in HEATH, OH with KRYNOS tomorrow night playing Captain Jacks!
Fun to chat via e-mail tonight with about Awesome product and exciting future. Eager to watch it unfold!
I've made it obvious before, I've even forgot lyrics to my own songs! It's okay, I'm sure you were great! #twitterhugs for now.
searching Nigeria's weather on Wolfram Alpha
#FirstTimeISmoked I threw up In my first hour class. Never smoke b4 school
Vegas bound!
Are you planning on applying for any of them?
If you squished them all together, do you think you could make a complete human soul? More » Post from: TheGloss
you're skinny! why do you know so much about cleansing? :)
Snoozing time night Twitter world stay bless my peeps #GNight to all
I would agree as well. Safety needs to be a number one concern.
From 11 until about 2, or as long as the people want me there. Wells & 15th at Marquette. Come on out!
Come by for dinner tonight and try our very own Pork Tacos!
it's felt like a really long time since wisconsin sports fans have had to feel this fallible. oh mortality, cruel cruel mortality.
don't talk to yourself like that, Kevin!
two words - thank you.
a couple weeks ago I was attacked by a dog. I broke a bone in my hand that is in a weird spot & got 17 stitches. The bone will >
First solo at church today. Whheeee! Went well, God liked it because I didn't trip off the stage or drown by sweat. Thanks God!
platform being used beyond IT. HR, facilities, legal, finance and travel applications being developed.
It's hard to find good help these days…
You're too kind. Of course, I made most of mine up.
awe yeah we really are:P
Hi James, is there a link to the Showcase?
The lord is my Shepard and he knows what I want!
RIP DRose's knee!
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” Bo Bennett
Hope to see you in hell.
Thank you Tammy!
Leading Strategy Management Software Company Announces Updates to Help Organizations Better Implement Strategies
The Big Lebowski
wtf is up with my DM thou?!
When you can do the common things of life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world - George Washington Carver
Having an fml day.
Trying to anwser a direct message through link showen in Twitter.com but it has not let me on direct_message/create/user
Jammin to some old skool bobby pulido
Gladiators had no other options...NFL players do.
#10 Richie Wess "superman" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
FWD: : Because of recording failure this week skykid's show will not have reruns . But then the playlist was just updated .
Let me rephrase my question, Zach, from your perspective is it most beneficial to be really good at one area?
I could listen to oldie all day
Thank you on behalf of our youth!
done eating , now to watch some tv then go shopping 😏
Welcome back Mr. David Fox! Thank you for re-joining the chapter!
#mitt2012 #p2 Thanks for the fiscal #FACTS (not opinions)!
huh? Kayden it's NOT me. I swear. And idk if it's you either. Ok? It's not me I'm on my iPhone and that's on web. Just plz.
Thanks, you too :)
What about blaze orange and camo? Common apparel at Field in cold weather.
So Dominos is telling us if we become really good at their pizza making app, they can potentially hire us as a pizza maker? Lol
Mom: "you okay?" vicki: "she looks so cute though" haha....i cried myself to be tired :P
NAYA OMG -FE FAINTS-
Lost all compassion for customer reps at Lax. Better customer service at 7-11. Its clear I'm just a giant inconvenience for them.
LEEs were the last and we ended it with a BANG.
I need to find a place to rock it at SXSW.
": never Thers nothing I'n the world that can change me just busy like a mofo..." thank y baby no some 1 tryin to blas me
thanks boo
What dosen't kill you, makes you stronger :)
probably the best advice I've got yet haha just bear it
girls are sluts, especially ones with boyfriends, yal are some grimey snake bitches
Happy New Year. And a much belated Merry Christmas to you!
Thought listening to PetShopBoys' "Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of $)" would motivate me 4 work 2day. It did not. But I AM feelin' pretty!
Maybe your dog punched you.
Listening 2 #ShabazzPalaces would rather be outside in warm sun than underground #cataloging on rainy day. Love Recollections of the Wraith.
ew. Lol i hate everyone. I wish i loved everyone .
If you're saying that One Direction can suck your penis are you implying that you are attracted to them and would enjoy it?
Thanks for registering on our beta site! Glad to have you!
And if you're a musician or jazz fan, and know of someone who is making a tour stop in KY, pass on the word and retweet like mad. Cheers.
That's the bachlorette's license plates if you can't tell!
I can't wipe my ass anymore.
lol yeah I kept getting into to much trouble at oc. Fighting LOL. So now im homeschooled!
Hanging out in closet while tornadoes hit Dallas :(. Power just went out. This is a little scary.
If you're ok with Indian/Pakistani, people from both countries LOVE Usmania & Sabri Nihari on Devon. $8-12 entrees mostly.
Vets, too! RT : If you don’t understand something your dr. says–speak up! Even careful drs. can be guilty of using jargon.
Just going back in to have a MITT without MOTHER'S WIT DAY: I was taught if you LIE you will STEAL, IF you STEAL you will KILL. NLD Mom.
guys Im I'm my first REAL relationship :) <3
More Furr -The fur turns to skin;
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
hell yeah u right but I ain't gon be babysitting :)
They don't know me do they? Hope they don't hold their breath' cause they'll be waiting a while.
Bus and truck collide in Brazil, killing 25
What a fantastic way to run something people put their hard-earned money towards!
getting ready for the Broncos game tomorrow...Hope they will do better than last game..
watching 106 & Park
Twitter gang
Organizations are built on trust, and trust is built on communication & mutual understanding. Great success comes from great relationships.
Im actually ready for spring break to end..its getting boring ! -_-
Q2: touch-screen tech will be more ubiquitous than previous generation tech. In turn, less digital divide.
oh, internet, you are so wonderful. but only my chiropractor can fix my back.
Now using Pandora One folks. Sounds about as good as my CDs, which may fly away soon...
thanks for correcting my spelling mistake!
He said he'll give you a better deal if you buy them as a package bundle. So $35 for both?
Hey there Chris. Sorry man, I didn't get any email this morning. Lemme check again.
can u ask edsheeran if he could wish for anything what would it be ?? Xx p.s I love you. X xx x x
yer own ma's never hot... but yer friend's ma...
W. N. Taylor~ Temptation rarely comes in working hours. It is in their leisure time that men are made or marred.
Come on down! From 8-10 ladies drink beer free!
Noah has to come out of the game
Before we place blame on this one let's remember that we weren't playing an on the fringe team, we were playing a Super Bowl contender!
referring to her AVI
Go Heels
... or at least all noteworthy pages :-)
Celebrate National Burger Month with us in May! We'll be giving away a burger a day starting May 1. For your chance to win RT !
im lucky to make birdies these days haha but i might get out this week again.
If it wasn't for the Grace of God I don't know where I'd be. - RevRun
yes, you do. Channing Tatum was worth it. 
You will like the show tonight. You should come! Bring JOEL and THOMAS!
Thanking god for another beautiful day amen 🙏
look at this
Welcome. Awesome concept, this
everyone is as nice as you, you got the better end.
Who knew we'd end up like this?
For current members, what corps are you serving with? I'm with the Ohio History Service Corps.
where's that?
need to test drive to believe these cars
2nite $4U CALL ITS ALL NITE ANY DRINK/SHOT at
talking smack jack?
Seriously one of the most disturbing things I've ever heard...
Kickstarter backers. Check your emails! We have sent you an update and may need some information from you.
Time to get wild. Straight Living Life
I thought your dogs name was going to be.... Derek or something x)
Lets go Butler
why keep doing that? lol
Isn't every spring tough for us?
Okay lets do some Chemistry, I'm a nerd but it's okay I love and live this stuff, numbers!
Lord Tensai went from pinning the WWE Champion... to WWE Superstars. That makes complete sense.
True! (Though I was about to say my understanding of a concept often improves when I strive to express it plainly.)
you shot me in that SAME outfit last year! is so 2000 & late. ;)
she said to tweet here cuz she was going to call 5 lucky fans so I TWEETED her and she told me to DM my number and then
hahahahhaha I'll ask the flight attendants of they have champagne, if not white wine will do
its definitely worth another watch. Last week's was particularly funny
yeah why not!?
Have Tour de Fat Photos? Post them and tag San Diego County Bicycle Coalition
I am sailing into the wind and the dark. But I am doing my best to keep my boat steady and my sails full. Arthur Ashe
Clamshell News mailing tomorrow, www.mypressneeds.com
Played with the WP7 and was greatly impressed! Considering getting one after a few weeks. I want to see how fast they start breaking
happy easter love <3
Does that come before or after the toast with wine made from the Grapes of Wrath?
ha! I got it. For the record the Ontography chapter is brilliant even with Offra of Mercia
Preparing mentally and walking out that tunnel in front of thousands on game day
"It's a terrible thing to look over your shoulder when you are trying to lead - and find no one there." F.D.Roosevelt in "No Ordinary Time."
and no surprise that my daughter has picked the movie #Thor to watch for her visit #6ft3&australiandudesrock
Going to eat at Five Guys with :)
Can you do a video explaining inconsistency of your facial hair?
Reading the Bible then going to bed. Goodnight Twitter :)
Thanks for the info. I was finally successful.
The Student Employment & Experience Fair (SEEF) will be on August 24th this year in the UC courtyard from 10am-1pm!
yeah the brdcast said he was given the preseason off due to the gold cup. i didnt realize he led #fullham in gls last yr
I made so many Ped Pals today that i had get out, and run around the park. Good thing im not a dog or i would have had to marked every tree
Any two top shelf grams for $30 donation!!!!
RT : "Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon" - Anonymous
Listening to Joe Pass - Virtuoso
how do we get our name thrown in the "1 more band" hat?? getting back from a tour mid-july...
I just had to hit Mason the anatomy of why girls aren't into him right now and into my best friend Richard Jacobs..
At least Hanie is consistant at 3 and out!!!!!!!
suits with pants rolled at bottom and sleeves rolled up, baggy inseams, I see that way too much in NYC w/ tailors everywhere
lets grab a beer, a bite and do some talking some time?
Beauty is only skin deep but that's ok because my eyes can't see any farther than that.
“: Wonder how many ppl will end up pregnant because of tomorrow. Lol”( I'm a Virgo...that's usually the end result !)
We had a sold out show last night at the New Hazlett Theater! Thanks everyone! What a night.
"Movie Night" is every night here, watching Pride and Prejudice with my mama and sisters...
Are you busy with school?
Um im not in south carolina right now but ill be around there soon
Ready for the CHECK-INs!!
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." -Albert Einstein
hahaha, choir. Cute! Sing well ladies!
I am also a fan of slideshare
#FF #travel Great Wknd & Hope Life is Good Wherever U #travel Cruises
Don't know why you waste your time on me...but I'm glad you do
In Dubai preparing for tomorrow's workshop: Getting Started with Institutional Repositories and Open Access
sucks cause im not lmao
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us, or we find it not. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hmm, some toast would be delicious on this #gloomy day in New England
where can we download #sheetmusic for the #JubileeSong please?
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love
so r u going to really have the time to do the whole band thing? Cuz I'm wanting to hit it hard and I'm not wanting any snags
not funny!!! It's so nice here. I'm stuck inside unpacking..... I hate this more than packing
Front Desk Thurs: Hacking up a lung while lecturing on Alaska Native cosmology is not a feat for the faint of heart. Patient visitors=good.
yeah I feel you.. I just tried to call you!
Geared up for baseball! #Brewers & #Braves on
this guy :)
Roll on the summer :-).
"Lost reluctant rambler confesses all when confronted by ruminant herd."
People who go out of their way to lie are nothing short of a joke.
i dont like to screw up though. I want to make sure I credit the right people. I appreciate you watchin out for me :)
I agree. I hope she doesn't let him get away with it!
It's in the settings icon once you have already started a search- far right corner.
I don't know what kind of person klout is trying to make me out to be but I'm thinking of suing for libel.
Oh so little sleep. Thanks :-)
NOPE THAT IS IMPOSSIBLE!!!<3 SINCE THE LAST TIME WE TALKED I'VE DONE NOTHING BUT CRY CUZ I MISS YOU!<3
I agree with
i never mind life passing me by when we're together, it doesn't even feel like we're wasting anything.
My baby doesn't have a God mother. Tf!?
is finalizing the hottest SD weekend events for my segment on Fox 5 News tomorrow! email me at by 11 a.m. w/ any suggestions!
Baller weekend, how we all doing today?
Hi Bestie I know your busy so lets plan something tomorrow my love
lololol Im very perverted at school usually cuz idk just am haha (:
inst you birthday may 4 if it is then happy early birthday and im def. gonna be saying it to u again on your birthday :-)
Listening to ebooks - cheating or an efficient use of time?
Dear Authors, You should have a blog. To write about you and/or your work I need to be able to find you within a couple clicks.
I can just rename little Molly something else altogether and start telling everyone that the tattoo on my arm is for you.
Girls want sex just as much as boys do .
you too! Looking forward to reading up on H Mantel, too.
Does anybody know if got her laptop fixed yet? :)
BBY GIRL ILL TRADE IT ALL
no school for me! :)
Beliebrs Love Shmuel Ben Eliezer. Scooter Thanks for stalking kids on the internet and inspiring us all. <3
Awe, big smoochies to you!
Japan earthquake: USGS PAGER Red Alert for catastrophic losses issued within 42 minutes
Thank you. What a baller and good for ND. Enjoy the rest of the tourney and the Final Four ( if you're going ) there in Denver.
break a leg goober!
YOU'LL BE SLAPPIN THE HELL OUTTA BABIES!!!
I want to watch That's my boy when it comes out(:
Wow #FAIL RT : If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you. She is the one.
« Getting after it with pops today at World Class Speed. Come get some if yu want some. #speed»
Good mornin' to you. Good mornin', good mornin'! It's great to stay up late, Good mornin', good mornin' to you.
I haven't heard of anything there yet. If I do, you will be the first to know!
Mountain Goats while writing a paper. Usually like something a little more punk, but JD matches TSE's allusiveness and drunkenness.
Now Following back :-)
I'm surprised that Gmail blocks images from Google Offers
is hysterical this morning!
Um you just started following me?!
Shadowing aircraft mechanics at SDF and talking about technology.
how about in baby oil
Today I am designing a website / forum for fallen officers. I take a lot of pride in my work. I hope it turns out great!
Cowboys and Aliens tonight!!!!!
Well looks like two teams I like to follow, will join each other in the second division, Herta Berlin & FC Köln
Stunned to hear that Arizona is banning books about Mexicans in the United States from schools. How is this legal?
Dang I need to get up
It's looking like our website will be up and running in a couple months-Very exciting!
No wifi on this flight to Brussels. Um, what decade is this?!
haha I can see that(:
yes I will
And power is back on!
I have been informed that there's a package at my house. may or may not have delivered deliciousness.
It seems like harrys the one who gets all the attention lately from everyone. What about louis car? How about the fans at zayns house?
um favorite HGTV show ever
Lol, I wonder what Jerry looks like?(;
Thankks.. Areu planning on coming back to Hawaii ?
no it was that's what I'm saying. He was hugging me like into the AIR and I was just being moved
Baltimore, show some love for your own Inverse Delirium Podcast! #bmore support us and we'll grow and grow and maybe have you on our show!
Not a huge fan of the way they've reorganized the Network Admin functions for #WordPress #3.1 alpha in trunk. Why take it out of the LHN?
does my date have on sunglasses
Yes! RT : Has anyone else noticed that Twitter has developed a nasty habit of eating DMs?
Health experts recommend a 1500 calorie diet. For those of you not good with math... that’s a 12-pack of 125 calorie beers. You're welcome.
"a squirrel is just a rat with a better outfit "
I like it when I feel the rust upon my fingers.
Thanks for the RT, Sonny!
Damn it all.
This. ": I always think that I have a chance to be more than friends with one of the Boyz. But I KNOW that I really don't."
Happy Birthday! Let's hope the MBTA cleans up its act for your evening commute...
Shut up and take my money!!!
Great cracker jack prizes
People Tweet some of the most awful shit! If you crave attention that bad, Go jump off a building and hope you make the 10 o'clock news :-)
Thanks for your patience while we get set up! Epic Tweets to Follow!
Taking it easy tonight, sipping on some Russian Standard and playing video games. ez
The difference between Democrats and Republicans is that when we say "Pretend it's Obama", we're talking about sex....
WWU prevails. The Vikings are national champs! Congrats! It only took 110 years. They are dancing in the Bellingham streets.
Oxy Mo: First Annual...
I was right. The market manipulators have just about pulled off win today. I don't approve of it, but so what?
you're not the first to say that #lolifuckingwish lol anyway me and wanna come to your
Interesting, it would seem that the Chelsea keeper is the John Olerud of English Premier League football.
While you were sleeping helped someone get back on their feet with a safe place to live.
Happy Kwanzaa from Prevent Blindness America!
Yes I'm watching #DWTS. McCarthy is gold!
SHIT I SEEN U TWEETED THAT YOU MIX AND MASTER AND SHIT
damn poor Chicago bulls
Just confirmed another show for June 1st!
you shouldn't have missed the bus -.- smh
The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
Ready to strangle FB photo upload
Swing by. We'll have snacks.
mustve been showin some leg.....that's what always works for me
Failure to think big and take a leap of faith will keep you from achieving success. The biggest hindrance is inaction. Take Action!!!
Since the owner is finishing a #MAEd this month, let's get at least 500 likes & follows by it's end!
Excited that beer will be served at Miller Park this year.
You rock! And I think you'll love it!
were you there
Facing the fact that Netflix isn't what it used to be. Same movie at #1 in my queue for months now. Do they only have 1 copy of The Help?
<----- Does not follow back then tells everyone who unfollows them and warns others not to follow them too. CRAZY STUFF.
proceeds to a non profit/invest in the local community (i.e. a company like Better World Books). It's sort of like the blogs
Hanging out at Alchemy Tattoo in Silverlake visiting my little Italian tattoo artist Eric Alvino!
I have a pimple that's rooted so deep that it's making me relive my most traumatic Jr. High moments and all I can hear is the Gin Blossoms.
break down salary <--there's an interesting subject
Falling asleep to the magic of Harry Potter
I accidentally stepped on bubble wrap...and then I couldn't stop.
me and aubrey is going to bed <3
Not looking good RT ": Rainy Day. Wonder if softball game will be canceled. "
The 1st 9 hours of the 48 hour editing marathon are over. Now I only have 39 more to go with less then 2 days left! We!
Great meeting this morning with San Ysidro High School parents. Looking forward to working more closely with them.
Good idea! Today has been a "upgrade the website day" anyway - might as well get this done now.
I would like to try weed once in my life, but you see,
Hell Yeah Brah
Summary of Sold-out "Science of Inbound Marketing" Session at Dreamforce 2011
Check out our new blogger - this is fun
#IfIwonthelotterytonight I would enroll for class at the University of Iowa
I must confess..I love Jesus
Appreciate it homie.
One beautiful lady
A tea party for the rest of us - sign me up
Picking up the pieces
I've got to be the fattest kid I know
I love that I'm going to be seeing M83 tomorrow :-)
#MJtrial Things are going to heat up tomorrow during the prosecution's cross of Dr. White. Watch my take tonight on KTLA Channel 5 @ 9:30
<~ waving at you from across the Twitterverse
I'm going to valencia tomorrow , I'm actually a lil nervous :s
"Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.” -Bobby Knight
RT : On our way to for karaoke, meet us there!
Let's get that custard out of your anus
I've been on an email blitz all morning. Feels good coming down from one of those.
I understand, but I told GS5 to tell us if anyone sees him doin somethin they know he shouldn't be doin
Recall election against Wisconsin GOP Sen. Terry Moulton of Racine ordered by state elections board
Turns on just rings. Gonna get a refurbbed black 4gig, only 80 bucks cheaper then getting it fixed, low on fund though.
Just once I would like to wake up after a Wednesday night and discover that it's now Friday.
Amen! " #walkamileinmyshoes some men just don't get it"
He and his wife can't stand to see the poor in his rich mansion
I seen him last year at the Kentucky/Indiana All-star game.
You know how we like it on Thursdays... We have FREE musem admission from 5-8pm and happy hour specials at Claire's!
Homemade french onion soup & herb loaf for lunch. Cooked from fresh and leftovers rule!
going to bed early because I have to be at work at 7:30
Never set your bottle of apple juice next to your bottle of pee, it could prove disastrous
love is a leap of faith. And a choice. Just make sure you make the right choice for you.
Anyone can give up, but to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength.
No worries, there are others I can ask, just wanted to check!
Bet you $5 I can blow a bigger bubble than Charlie...
oops I mean i'm following^_^
its funny cause I talk to these black owned companies they say they don't have a budget, but they sponsor another race
I understand that these calenders also help to remember events, such as birsdays???
og kush from another time zone.
Mr Daniels and Jager bombs. I hope i survive.
It's the end of an era. stepped down as womens basketball coach She's replaced by Holly Warlick.
Ask a new or prospective client the question, "How can I help you make money?" That will get them intrigued.
RIP Donna Summer
4real boa i learned my lesson
: I'm attending Atlanta WordCamp on Saturday, Jan. 9
Love ... need to get up the nerve to vlog over at Simply Budgeted ... one day, one day!
Lecture entitled: The Lives of Abraham Staats A Dutch Founding Father of Albany.
why pissed off Of what
How mad do you guys think Ryan Seacrest is?
Fine poetry is the music of mathematics, numbers singing. You have to look behind the words to understand their meaning... lp
Take a look at ripple's ePortfolio solution ;)
Oof. I hate waking from nightmares all shaken up. We must hang soon. Miss you!
Any guy should be lucky ass fuck to have Victoria. I love her!
if you need any help, let me know. Happy 2 snap photos whenever needed. Was that one of the spots the site needed help with?
it's just another love story
: yeeesss, Asian? :o
oh wow, thanks! Glad you like the book :)
Clippers should complain more, maybe it will help them make free throws, or get back on defense.
I was shocked when "We Love Like Vampires" came across my today.
God is awesome. He is everywhere, but many of us fail to realize it.
... over 8,000 followers? We'd better try your pizza SOON.
Yes I liked it, and I had a smile when I did it ;)...lol
No; I'm actually working with a female artists and on tour right now, im putting together the new cd working with a new producer
Why can't I open my Facebook when I need to!? Argh!!!
Final render of FresnoRocks's la. Premiere tonight!
Hello new #followers enjoy our tweets
'A. Hitler ' shows at #RedJacksSaloon at 8PM! Don't miss it!
Those were just a few bits of advice I wanted to share while I'm going cross eyed reading resumes.
Looks like you know how to say things that people are already aware of. -mordecai
Like this status if you like our Callaloo and Escovitch Whiting fish! Did you know it is a daily special?
what day is debate?
RT : A common theme is that campus leadership should be more involved and take risks in web
well sir. It seems we adore each other on an equal level now ^_^
Saw a 6-foot tall man dressed as Constance in line outside. ": At #Paleyfest for #ahsfx American Horror Story panel!"
Rick Riordan is also insanely popular with my boys.
-___- don't start with me girl lol
3-1 vote for jets to lose, but bengals offense is in question. so is sanchez, tough call to make to be sure
I've been. Disneyland, universal, and disney world. But I wanna go now that I'm an adult lol
Greens and chicken for lunch...yum!
Either way is fine. --Liars
are you watching Heisman winner #RGIII in the Alamo Bowl right now? He puts on a good show.
Has anyone heard of the rapper "Nas?" He owes the IRS $6 mil. How did this guy make this much money? Who is he?
light cleansing, rich moisture shampoo/dc, low heat dry with a leave in, and a cream hairdress prior to braiding.
I lit 2 of them back up and then blew it out lol
You're not as smart as you look.
Paris Hilton revealed that she’s releasing a new album in a few months. Man, I can wait to hear that. rotfl bahahahaa
"Friends don't let friends stay home on a Saturday night."
can't wait to see you
follow us I'll message you
i was just thinkin like wait , hoes gon be hoes so y would u blame tammy ?
classic bid tuesday.
Last tweet, I tried to RT...said I couldn't in this language??? Wth?
Do you guys hate yourselves for being so self loathing?
she's out of town or I would <\\3
I miss You!
When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."
Milwaukee students and former students: Why are student loans important to you? How would a rate increase impact your life? Tweet to
i feel you
Wow, it's been i while. Four years? I've been pretty well! How about you?
thinking about collaborative research on digital literacy and engagement in frosh writing courses
Omg pass the tissues PLEASE watching THS with she is INCREDIBLE so is her family.
No problem! If you have any questions, let me know. =)
TOI TOI TOI to everybody at for the opening of PEARL FISHERS tonight! Looking forward to seeing the show!
Congrats and hooray! I loved it -- delighted they picked it!
Veggie Grill is BOMB
ready for today #bigday here we go
LOL where are you?
lol I know right we gotta party wey
no I'm seriously REALLY sorry. I could tell you loved her alot
: Black Friday....paint the devil on the wall...
"Maybe one day, hopefully. That's what kings & queens are put on the earth for, to have offspring." -Lamar Odom on having kids with Khloe K.
That's wtf I'm talking about.overtime baby.
The great Sam Rivers passed last night....and a piece of me went with him.
This is not a Ninkasi IPA, dammit, regardless of what the handle says Someone's lines are crossed.
We like your style :)
i think Civ Pro only because it would be surprising to see it back to back. Like a reverse psychology!
Can you feel it?
Several particularly dedicated Berkstaffers have already explored the many, many options.
CONGRATS & !!! Tetraba fi 3zy inshallah. Now I have someone to spoil endlessly! ♥♥
Going to try my best! Will see what time things die down
Wait, you're asking me to do RESEARCH? What do you think I am, a libraria... oh right.
did you find a story where Stefon fucked a midget?? That'd be awesome cuz I just made all that other shit up! #boredatwork :0)
Chef Sara Moulton Answers Your Cooking Questions
Agreed, I'm just saying its an interesting fact to think that all 4 teams had/have NFL caliber QBs
going through some amazing blogs. Good job, guys and girls ;)
Dear Jasmin, you look gorgoues in your icon! You seem cool to talk to. we should talk more. I would love to get to know you. You seem nice
I'm in love with a person that was used to be called mine. 💔
It is soo nice out there in London.
lol ard now im takin my ass bck to sleep lol just wanted to make u feel better i jus woke up to get some water lmao.
yuup im here
MMA & Traditional MA students-Look 4 "Quest for the Way: Origins of the Martial Arts" on Kindle - see where your arts came from.
you fit me better than my favorite sweater.
Expect some cool things for July!
that's your opinion
is this freackin England or somthing? what did he do anyways
On October 19, Microsoft promoted Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox consoles and Kinect sensors to the viewers.
I'm about to go to work though...actually just rented a few movies: Daisies (1966), Dead Ringers and
#ItsSadThat #People lie about bein high on national weed day
Heading to the Frist tom checking out new exhibit, anybody want to join?
did you get a part?
I should not have started looking at the iTunes '90s One Hit Wonders collection. I want to buy all the songs.
Yanks padding Yu's stats.
Today was super good day. Got a lot done, received some good news!
Discourage the devil and make him leave you alone
My wife, Cynthia, saw you posting about Area 51 & Ancient Aliens yesterday on FB. I had a feeling you'd seen that show LOL!
save some for me
And this is in reference to?
Faried with the exclamation
What ya talking bout nigga it's time to get it.
I am just zooming in on these amazing stickers! Word.
Thanks for the #FF and all the fun at
Watching 4-6yr olds play t-ball is awesome entertainment. Lol. Little maniacs.
Thanks! Really fun participating yesterday - looking forward to more!
Somebody said the Raiders were even blacked out on Madden!
Oh, someone is already planning on doing keys for "Welcome to the Black Parade". I'll wait for them to release it then I'll add it to
Chris brown: "Look at me now" Blind guy: "I can't" ( •_•)
Love that analogy! Thank you. I'm quitting smoking & the reminder that the "urge goes away" is a good thing to keep in mind. :)
your older than 12, Right?
YOLO is not an excuse to be sleeping around.
Racism is A form of insanity.
Interviwer: " Now selena. I know you've been with Justin alot so have u did Jerry?" Selena: " Yes. Yes i have it feels good" REALLY?! -dead
I hope so! I got excited about it and then it went away. Happy to hear CP metro cell coverage is back!
You can't have both feet on the ground and kick ass at the same time!
Just trying to finish some projects before NGS. Running out of time. How are you today?
At this rate it's almost a given that the Kings are making the Stanley Cup Finals.
I had no idea #GypsyWedding wedding was back. So excited! Hadn't seen any of the Anerican gypsy series
haha lol! Dude, Bieber's beast. But your beastier.
Coach_JC Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
I'm LIVE at 's Winter Survival Radiothon! TEXT the word THAW to 50555 to make a $10 donation!
Time to get my latest video edited & uploaded for the VIP's. Then vacation #2 for me. I'm sure you know.... I love you all tons! XOXO!!
I believe, I believe, I believe .. I will b a skinny bitch again lol but really though
Lmfao Dee is stupid.
I just worry about the gay NC kids, honestly. They must feel so dejected, hopeless.
exciting interactive ads for iPad Magazines in development, stay tuned 4 insight on what digital magazines they can be found in!
haven't seen you around but am planning to check out Stern Grove this month! What do you recommend?
I love the rare instances when a problem solves itself. Quick and painless.
I didnt mean to. I really didn't. Ask anyone. I'm crazy about you. I just know what to do. I didn't want to lose you.
If they do, it only makes them Super-STUPID!
up for sure.
Yes THAT time...not the other times...but it WORKS!:D
Quiz question: How many rules/laws did the Phillies fans distributing and drinking beer on the Broad Street Line violate concurrently?
Bout to go to sleep . good night Twitter :')
RT : Last minute Mother's Day card? Drop in at CraftLAB from 1:30 to 3:30 tomorrow to make stamps and a stamped/printed card!...
Just got on like 20 minutes ago I'm sleep af.
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Home from the gym and cooked some burgers
Found another tick on me! Ah!
I'm not sure which is stranger, my book on sale for one penny or for sale at $76. I've seen both. Neither make sense.
Free Recordings Facebook page mrsingfranktony become my friend and I will attach mp3 files of my music Frank Tony Dean type music?
#HowToGetRejected when you walk up to me and say aye sexy...uhm
Drink free this Sunday? You & your friends can drink free Sunday Just follow & RT this 4 a chance 2 win!
Yeah, it's really a fine art these days being a strategic learner. Sounds good and happy 2012!
i love your page back ground
Most 3 dreaded letters of the alphabet for non-tax payers:IRS.
I'm with ya! Let me know if you ever need anything.
wait but really think Janis would let me yano smoke some hookah?
I'm so excited for your new album to come out! I love you so much!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME JUSTIN!<333
are you going to keep the same #?
We are making some design changes to the website. We have several dealerships that will be offering discounts! More info soon...
heard about 60 sec of your twitter play by play before u went to break, loved it.
Jut saw 's doppelgänger. Unless.........
Hahah on my way! >:D
u are cupcake <3
love you too Alex. :)
GoodNight EveryOne <3
The #bacon fat ginger #cookies are super easy to make. Addictive though. Be very afraid...
S/o to myboyy i support him
Then half way thru I just really wanted the 3 main characters to all get squashed by that "godzilla" thing, lol!
then comes thurs
