Thanks for taking care of my babies. :) Send a pic when you can. I miss them!
very happy you got to do #StyleTipoftheDay. My personal favorite is the blazer jeremiad (See what I did there?)
ew stop embarssing yourself talking to ugly people, it somehow comes back and makes me look bad
"Sexy" = I want you. "Pretty" = I like you. "Beautiful" = I love you.
I think my friend is boy crazy. She just plays innocent on me
Hey you are all so sleepy today -- Packer Hangover? Wishin' you were at #LeLeLeLambeau?
I feel a bit foolish to have only just now realized this.
Click "Like" if you need some Island Frydays today!
i seriously hate waiting for people.
At Peets Coffee pondering why Expresso machines and leaf blowers are so damn noisy. Steve Jobs got the importance of quiet computer fans.
RT I'm glad Obama bailed out GM, so GM can spend advertising dollars supporting right wing radio's constant attacks on Obama.
Hi Khalid, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Watching the opening day with my best friend !
Goodnight Fisher Building. Looking strong.
You sound great Amy. Their is something about your voice. Keep up the great work!!!
I don't doubt my baby is callin somebody else baby.
you're inviting a lawsuit upon yourself with that last hashtag
The weather today and Saturday will be perfect. Come to the Home Show at the Santa Ana Star Center Sat 10-5, Pella booth 316. call 362-0529
Agee & you are welcome!
My dad is such a dumbfuck.
Dude my meeting started 10 minutes ago gtfo please
Hahaha it's what this casting director told us today at school. :P
watchin #ndamukongsuh get pushed around by the SanFran offensive line reminded me of the 1st fight I lost as a kid. there was no 2nd time!
So glad to see all you are doing. How is the book reading? I made some grammar changes and am updating it
I just realized my last tweet was my 10,000 tweet! Oh yeah! Where's my medal ?
My mentions get no love .... "/
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did'nt have deuces breezy
Yup! They're from Houston TX, so the Dec. 31st concert should be good since it's their hometown.
Um Hannah Mahoney has NEVER said shes dating Zach...NEVER.in fact, she denies it, his fans r the ones they saying r...NOT HER
it would be my pleasure
thank you. :) tell Ming I said hello.
Damn fine day for the All God's Creatures World Premiere at the Hoboken Int'l Film Festival.
“Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.”
WHAT ABOUT ME???? Losers....except mom lol
Monday May 9th-Free Regular Soft Drink with any $8 minimum purchase! Deal is for Twitter fans so show your server you follow us!
Caught my attention here in Portland, Oregon! Can't wait to catch "7" in Dayton, OH when I visit on May 4th!
"No one can hide where I cannot see him," says the Lord. "I fill all the heaven and earth," says the Lord. -Jeremiah 23:24
lookie looooookie. I have your screw drivah! Ill trade u... for a scoop of peanut butter.
Wasps really shouldn't fly in and out of my back door like this. It's not good for my blood pressure. Nor my eardrums. Nor my neighbor's.
We desperately want you to rock out to, & gossip about us. PLEASE! Bring it Mamas!!!!!
In a class right now the requires me to be on Facebook and Twitter while the professor talks.... is this school?
#bruins game 2 tonight.. Got to have this one
Happy one year to my fav couple and two favorite people and ❤❤❤
Interesting. What makes you say that? Maybe, cuz they can fill in missed args in bad, but good oral args bring up new points?
But of course! RT : Thanks for the RT
he's just so sweet like everything he says u wanna believe but can't idk?!?(:
I bet Cymarron's 1971 hit "Rings" is nowhere to be found on LeBron's iPod
Reading my tweets from last night. Sorry I'm not sorry
These "little" jobs will get me through school #SAE and then the sacrifices I'm making now will pay off^^ Have fun today!
follow my partner in crime? #XFACTOR2013BABY. <3
oh, well taks is super easy!!
The only things left in Memorial Coliseum media room is oddly a few sets of Cardinals' game notes for the Final Four game vs.
#aintnothingsexyabout a woman that cant walk in high heels and them shits be leaning to the side
thanks, and haha
If you haven't tried our new Thursday lunch special you're missing out. Pork Carnitas tacos for 10.95!
No problem.c; oh, and I heard your band, you're pretty good, message me?(:
You should all come to Vegas with me.
then hold a listening party under the 10th street bridge in South Side via bon fire. DO IT NOW!!!
hi cutie!:)
I had the honor to meet this legend & his charisma & class will always remain w me. RIP #DickClark "Music is the soundtrack of your life"
I vote for reading & writing every week. But I think the other voters are predominantly science and math
I really hope my daughter gets accepted to her private school of choice (nightingale)
#ThingsWhitePeopleInvented Mayonnaise, Starbucks, and being a hipster. If you're a black hipster... You're a disappointment.
I understand how amazing Chipotle is, but an hour and a half wait????? at lunch?? What!!!!
that would have been none other than Mr.
Please follow me !!
At the oncologist to find out result of my MRI from last week
Nothing says love like poaching lobsters with your never-to-be-fiance.
it's ok ur not the only one lol
What a find Greg Stiemsma was, great defensive big man
Aarrrrrgh! I hate the playoffs!
it is a Moscow Mule.
Can't imagine that happening; but "they" don't share their secrets w/me.
Thanks for protecting our country & fighting for our freedom! Our military roks!
- lol ok. If you made it as an OMG Girl and died ur hair. What color would you pick.? I would pick Red.
Its the best feeling when u can't sleep at night cuz ur thinking of that 1 special person<3
Rose Bowl it may be / A glorious New Year Day / Still NOT IN HAIKU!!!!!
thanks for the tweet. On the way home with 5 Guys, ice and OxyCodone - great lunch combo. :)
Side note: thanks for reminding me to deal with this jury duty summons.
follow my dad he is a great dad. Love you dad
It says you don't know the cost of nickel and lithiun mining!
I thght I graduate 2 years ago???
Donut for dessert. Life is good.
#socialismineightwords less of everything for everybody, excepting violent crime.
is there something I should know?
i know but who? and i'll album might come out at the end of this year or the begining of next year
We can't. We have rehearsal. (:
Dreams do come true.
At this rate, #Lancs might be batting before tea.
#stc12 Oh, I see what you mean. Under the event itself they have listed as the only speaker. Oh well. :-(
Wise people know the facts and make decisions accordingly!
Hmm, shouldn't have joked about that 2000th followee. Was unaware until this moment that Twitter has installed a 2K cap on unpopular folk.
That makes no sense...sorry you aren't having the best day :-/ Thinking of you.
did you know i love you ? <3
Rough game tonight. Maybe soccer's not my game. Need a new sport.
prolly mostly the younger ones...which would be really fucked if you take a second to visualize that
There's #snow up in them there hills! PLZ RT if ur ready for an early snow season!
I am here office to meet Biz but door code is giving busy signal can you help?
New York. Not Nee -_- hate my phone.
2011.10.01 #postseason Ian is dealing / Miller Park crowd goes crazy / for Rickie Weeks' walk
Fote: The past tense of foot. -- "The amputee felt a phantom itch in his fote."
Jon Kay Concert: My life in Songs and Stories Tues, Nov. 8, 7pm Brown County Library (Nashville, IN) I will present a rare public...
The beauty of noise-canceling headphones and the absence of your voice
I love being home on a Thursday morning! Because that's when the Oberweis delivery man drops off our fresh milk and eggs!!!!!
thank you.!:)
Thanks, and likewise! I had a great time meeting all of you.
Will we see you tonight? Yiyun Li in conversation with Achy Obejas at the Harold Washington Library, 6pm.
Thrun: If we can reach everyone in the world with free high quality classes, we can change the world. #HigherEd via
online defensive driving=boring as fuck.
Podcast I didn't know of (wha?) just mentioned at #scms12 urban cinema and media studies workshop - 99% invisible
At lancers game
Whenever Juliana Hatfield's "Spin the Bottle" comes on, I 1) want to watch Reality Bites, and 2) want all songs to be in 5/4.
me to. my parents won't get me a car until i have a job to. ):
Congrats Big win for your boys today. Now it's your turn next weekend!
#winning #asalways MT : It's 1045p on a Wednesday. Not drinking, just sharing the wisdom of Jack Handy with the masses.
On this day in 1937, the airship Hindenburg, the largest dirigible ever built, burst into flames killing 36 passengers and crewmembers.
Omg I hate you. You bitch
Observation: There are not really 8 servings in a large bag of Cheetos.
Need a good #bbq place in #madison. Suggestions?
- When are you going to predict sunny and 75 for NYC?
lol why? How about you earn money & then you can buy them yourself c:
lol family guy wheat thin commercial was good B-)
Senior skip half day tomorrow
Guess what you won! :-) Send me a direct message for info on picking up your SAPB SwagPack.
Want to get some social media buzz about your products/fights? Email our social media ambassador:
Tornado Warning for Claiborne, Hinds, and Madison County in MS until 11:30am CDT (via )
last weekend. it was lovely!! i had so much fun. next time i am there we will have to meet up. how was el salv?
Hey are you at the game? Put in a good word for me. Taking my students on Tues. Would dig a tour...
Especially if the guy pays all the other times. It's the small things that show you not a gold digger.. Lol
Who can sleep in this shit!?
Keep snapping those shots! -thank you very much!
loved dark shadows..
Happy B-Day, hope u have an amazing day buddy!!
Wait.., what?
$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
#quotes A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
go listen to you will love them
Yeah, but now you have something to look forward to with your NY teams.
Hittin the studio next week!
Well, it's Friday. The Day To Backup. (This means you too !)
“: Join us this afternoon at 2:30 to see how you can serve at the church.”
Don't have to. I wish people could see it the way I do and fuck Yolo. One wrong decision can end life so fast then your RIP
Psh, you don't need beaches to put a beach cruiser to semi-intoxicated good use. Just stay away from hills...they're no fun.
I think it's adorable when Guys are scared to talk to you because they secretly like you.<3 But some guys need to grow a pair c;
awesome that u listened that day! That's so great!
Jammin' to the Get Out Cd on my way to work!! Thanks for the great album !!!!!
was listening to hanson and i thought ike was singing "down baby chicken" gabi informed me that the lyric is actually "time baby take it ...
Summer = Opportunity that's why I love this season.
Eastern tacks on another run after Baker slides under the tag on a fielders choice throw to home plate. After 2 innings, Eagles lead 2-0.
: Pretty effed. Headed to the doctor this afternoon...
#whyilovethewanted because they taught me to never give up on my dreams and be proud of who I am. Ilovethem!<3
whats the point if word on the street is that Kentucky basketball team can beat the wizards
Love following ya! Even if you are out of your mind!
Thanks for letting us know!
RT : Real encouragement is reminding someone how far they've come not how far they have to go.
Last time I checked Cubs don't hav Manny or Pedro in their primes. Theo lucked into good situation.
There is no reason why I am addressing you
One Less Lonely Girl Anniversery. :)
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!53
History tonight. 1st Big10 football championship game, 1st WI appearance, 1st #Badger victory. Everything is coming up Roses.
Make-up cant cover up that personality.
nice. Good luck studying you guys!
me and my girl at skool almost beat up diz gay boy emmanuel in skool
I don't get it either
Can you parallel park a live truck? I can!
Sad whoever shot that young Spanish girl
If you're not following you should just quit twitter.
For the record it was a big one with a large party, not just your run of the mill annual birthday
How is being charged for manslaughter and 1st degree murder not double jeopardy? Charged 2x for same crime.
I look forward to it!
Why do i constantly think i need to prove myself to you
#becauseofjustin i want to run into the same door he did....then lick it O.O
Netflix is worth it if you have a way to stream video to your tv. The streaming only is like $8 and is almost like cable, imo.
>=[ fuck I'm out of bean dip.
Ill start an earth quake
": "I'm feelin disrespected, if everybody's fuckin dimes who got all these ugly bitches pregnant?" -Saigon" #Classic Saigon
L.A. continues to roll as they smash on the Knicks at M.S.G.Their trip remains undefeated (4-0). Next up the 08 Finals rematch Orlando Magic
haha! I see which 1 you meant now! Thought u meant 1 about measuring snow w dudes junk! Lmao! Thx 4 telln me doll
Lambeau is on my lap right now, purring away. He’s a LaPerm and has curly gold “hair” – which is why I named him after Curly Lambeau!
Gingrich: "I will sign an executive order repealing every anti-religious act of the Obama administration..." So, anti-Christian?
♣ shamROCK ON ♣ #stpatricksday #lucky ♣
they hate to see women as equal I guess. I don't know what the #GOP's problem is.
exactly! Yet people pay $60+ for this when they can grab an authentic New Era for half the price.
for real then u will judt eat all day n drive all day.fresh ass shoes.
Give a man a cup of coffee, he has a drink. Give a man a Keurig, he owes you big.
I never claim to be a Preacher or a Saint. We're all HUMAN. I say learn from your mistakes and don't repeat them!
I can't shake the feeling I'm forgetting something...
Chill bitch ur in just caise i told u aboit it stop tryma be a show off
The #firsttake argument is not about journalism... needs to "take" the medicine that he dishes everyday.
I know want me I see it in your eye
I feel stupid.
S/O to my new followers!! Thanks for tuning in to Ms. Starbucks
Just pulled it up... clearly great minds think alike.
after canvass, 64 votes separate Richard Johnson (R) & Mark Brody (R) in NC House 55, Johnson has already called for recount
I hate when my friend's fight. It's the damn worst ! Cause then they make you pick a damn side.
A friend slipped in my shower & cut his head. Seemed an axe murderer had gone beserk. Bloody! Only 3 stitches. #GZ - no stitches.
Just got out of church wit my mama Marsha!!
Had a lot of fun with UKKS at DELC last night
Landed in the warmth, home sweet home! (For a couple days).
what kind of language is aint? I think you mean is not
Cancer rate doubled for transplant patients
It would be sad if quit singing.. If he does then I would be that person to hunt him down and make him change his mind(: <3
omg! you wanna fight huh dont make me call youre bf johnny an get your ass in trouble!
Will be in Athens, OH for Wilco tomorrow!
heehee. I'll text you it
Why am I always GETTING FUCKED!?!
Anyone know what time the #purevolume house opens tomorrow?
Will she like Kate Spade? ;)
What are you soft? We'll do both, the 5k will be prep for the 13 miles.
RT : Already planning my Thursday evening. - are you ready for us? #bogobesties ///Ready and Waiting :)
thanks. I've been writing a health column for CultureMap for the last few months.
thanks a billion for the #FF! Hope you're doing well out east.
thats cause you had one of the worst phones before it lol
not all refs just Doug Shows......you think Louisville had duke on their chest
someone wanna loan me their life for a day
963 concert announcement coming Monday at 5pm. Listen to to find out what acts are coming to Wichita!
A night without studying...
Spending time with my grandpa;))
Get off Ed Hochuli already. I rather know what he was thinking, and that his crew is making calls correctly.
YOUR TWEETS ARE HILARIOUS!!! lolol! Follow!
Tune in to All Things Considered right now with
I want subway wah
it was good. My lil guy loved it. Indulging with some ice cream now.
Work was fun, but strange things happen to you amongst lingerie...
Decisions, decisions...I think this is the hardest decision I've had to make in the past, 10 months or so.
OH: high life of mickeys. Which would you choose?
I had fun at your site! Hope you like my titles :) Hope you've had a lovely day!
Don't let your vehicle's battery leave you stranded this holiday season. We'll test your battery for FREE at any Express Lube location.
Just have this Feelin we wont make it through college when we go our separet ways ...
I'm obsessed with the mess that is America🇺🇸
Game watching party ? RT : Tigers game at Cincinnati on June 10 has been selected for ESPN Sunday Night Baseball.
Wow Great way to communicate - easier to read news- Your Dad is proud of your efforts
Someone pls give me a shout out ?
first ones better
fans are ALWAYS RIGHT ...
why did you send this to me????
This is going to be a very long day.
Re: Brandon Inge. It can't be any worse then our current situation at third.
BAGEL FRIDAY
Im ready for my 5 AM. Lab.
Key takeaway from afternoon panel featuring buy and sell side: "You cannot underestimate or under value chemistry"
and our teachers will hate us
Houston! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
Come in today w/ your bib from the #Race4theCure and get 10% off your meal! Doors open at 11! Pls RT!
RT Rigatoni!!! How you been?? >I've been better & I've been worse but overall I'm well & just thankful! How abt U?
Happy Friday Everyone! Yes, it is Friday the 13th but we are claiming blessings & miracles on this day. RT
Well. She does look amazing for 60.
Just got a yummy peanut butter cupcake from ! So good! :)
LOL. He's got more problems than the dark side
Pride attracts the girl. Courage approaches her. Wisdom gets her. Strength puts up with her, but loyalty keeps her.
Bonding on the bus we Gabriel ^.^
New York Knicks win @ Sacramento Kings
#EBUS118 Follow and review their tweets about Apple's big new product announcement today. Tweet your thoughts on this?
be nice. Lol.
FORGIVE ME :')
The School regulating the #ValentinesDay #candy should be praised!!!!!!! These kids will be healthier than hyper!!
Goodyear Extends Credit Facilities
Bynum & Gasol - 38 Pts on 19 shots. Kobe - 31 Pts on 30 shots. Kobe is killing the lakers night in night out. Am I the only one noticing?
Happy National Library Week!
She go hard best female rapper
what about the app store ?
Molly Shannon is my hero
"Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western religion... -- Gary Zukav
Alright! I will see you at the airport lol
prayers to you and your family for your loss. God Bless
next week, my loves. Next week ;)
Happy Mothers Day to , representing Hollywood
Charlotte +2 for dean&deluca and a Segway tour?!? But -1 for no easily available foreign currency.
2007 pic. Jess Weixler as "Dawn" was excellent. Sweet girl born w/ an odd case of genitalia dentum. TEETH is creepy, funny.
saw that lineup yesterday.... "Balcony Music" is gonna be a huge problem.
its not our fault that theyre doing a tour here. We deserve to see one direction as much as anyone else.
We're getting reports the train horn has finally stopped.
The Cowboys have the worst front office and ownership in the NFL. # nepotism stinks
RT : You have to feel bad for GOP primary voters who were heretofore unaware that "No Winner" was an option.
thanks to you, now I'm a Ninja Turtle fan !!!!! <3
I guess MY food ain't shit. :-(
kay what?
I definatly needed that phone call
Brewers Win!
ugh im starving
With this particular piece, I realized theme on the second draft. It seems to be fitting nicely.
And with that, the season is now over...
can't wait to see you here!
😱 I bet he is okay ☺👍 no worries
a cadillac will never take you as far as your dreams hahaha motivational statements every morning
" When you fall in love with someone you don't fall in love with their looks, their wallet, or their status. You fall in love with..."
I wish I could live in pageantland forever, the real world is just not as shiny.
Location 3, Clue 2: They say you can see the forest through the trees But we’ve always wondered what the heck does that mean?
“Life is much like a joke, doesn’t make much sense, until it ends
you should follow me back yea?:)
hey how you been. I need to go on a cupcake run with you.
We would rather live in both. The mountains and beach, most likely Vancouver or South Africa
both if downtown and within about 7-8 blocks or so of where we're at $20.00 minimum order for that distance
The book is good, but the papers on continuity and change... and yeah Im suck.
Thanks, I'm in denial ;)
Just came from making a joyful noise @ church! It's always good to give thanks and praise!
#incaseyoudidntknow wearing pounds of make up isn't cute. You just look like Ronald McDonald ..
Met's won by 5 runs. And another one. 3-0 and counting. Our $1000 Players are up 3K already! Let's go Jazz.
How about 100% off?? JUMPsuit cleaning, today only, at EcoClean to celebrate Leap Day! :)
it's so tasty! And fattening! They love to shove a polish sausage in there and wrap cheese around it. M on a bad day.
Hydrangeas and a small cypress tree!
Spying on on his birthday...
Alot of real good coaches are getting fired.What have you done for me lately? Note to AD's, the grass is often full of weeds on other side
Miami-bound for the 2012 Winter #Biometrics Summit. Expecting lively discussion and good weather.
Very disappointing loss for my #Nuggies. But still just 1 loss. Key guys need to show up in game 2 or this is gonna be a quick "learning ...
And that's not a bad thing!
HAVE YOU HEIRD OF SMILEFRIENDS IT COMING SOON IT's LIKE FACEBOOK BUT DIFFERENT.RANDOM
m oh yeah
Emerging CRM concept of "single view of the customer" will not help your biz align with what your customers hold dear says
Bill Clinton the super-hero. <3
A little piece of punk/hip hop died today. You will be missed by your fans
Adam, is it working?
RT : Houston, you will have a problem..... again.
I guess it's the information organizer in me, but I really want to create subcategories in Pinterest
#arapgov12 The oddly shaped district grabs as many voters favorable to the maj as possible, thus creating safe districts.
Usually I feel like the ish, but tonight Im just feeling like plain ish..
jo cat !
Bout to embark on this long trip back to san Diego
There's no point in trying to fall asleep because it's not gonna happen. I'm just gonna pretend it's another vacation night.
I'm gonna burn something down if I'm getting sick
Good mooorrnin!!:-) Hope everyone have a productive day!
Nice finish Benny... #NOT!!!
Me: Excuse me, i'm sitting there Bitch: No actually I am Ms Hollis: Nobody's sitting there Me: Oh looks like I am!:) Sorry;)
R.A.R band
umm hope u ain't driving
Exciting! RT The Tom Ford Men's Shop is now open at at the ! Have you been?
Stuck at Dulles airport in DC until noon tomorrow. Looking for an adventure...are you in DC?
Lost another pot, 46k. On break, playing one more level at 500 1000 100 then done for tonight.
Most interesting idea = museum not allowed to use social media. That's like... not being allowed to have brochures.
Student seemed very bright, so I'm optimistic. Most fun I've had helping public patron in some time.
Are you going to start charging us modelling fees?
Friday nights outside the city.
hey guys! (: the new website is up now, and we should have the online store running soon! <3 www.bambaidapparel.webs.com
Not yet! I took the Bethesda Circulator b/c of the rain. Will pick it up tonight or tomorrow morning! Thanks again!
haha no I was at school for a senior yearbook breakfast! Home now though..call me!
aye big daddy.
Philz has a pretty consistent afternoon love of Tegan & Sara. One hundred The Con plays and counting.
Getting ready to head out to a BBQ!
i hate you so much u gave me a heart attack for NO reason!
WHAT!?x
Watching my man with a lap to go, mans game! #guts #balls !!!
I GOT A B ON MY PRE-CAL TEST OMFG?
I have never trusted Chief Daniels, too frustrated. But after finale, a bit harder to say.
“: I wanted you so bad.. But you took too long. Did you expect me to wait on you forever?” sums up past relationships.
yes random. Quantity counts. Not private. Go to sleep. :)
im a fan of the vamps....lol
thank you for your lovely words! You are amazing too!
good luck hippieboy
Which came first higher tuition or student loans?
Happy birthday to me brb
I dont wanna go to school but then i do cause it actually has AC
I want to see your segment on Good Day LA!! Is it online??
maybe... da pastor must drive a benze to church lmao
you two are good:) Courtney's busy sometimes but that's fine, lol
i have to go on another diet/fast i must lose weight.
Does anyone who lives by me wanna babysit my puppy while I'm at the cubs game on saturday for $30?
That is a good one. Walso thinking experience/events. Hard to say nowadays. I guess that's why we say "all" more than anything
A nicca ain't sleeping at all da first week!
This confirms that voters in these states (majority) are not more liberal than their politicians they vote 4. They're the same
RT : Securities fraud hacker charged after $1 million heist: A Russian national is in custody in Newark, N.J., facing......
and only $99
what u mean me?
sorry to hear the news, if we can help with anything including tape of appearances, please ask.
bummer :/ well, hey i'll see ya there in the Fall :D haha
your turn , follow or i'll unfollow u :)
Congrats 2 Coolidge Boys 4 Winning the DCIAA Championship 64 - 53 over Roosevelt. DC Youth Rock!
Would you just hurry up and get in the crate and fly to LA already!?!
Hey Victor Garcia... on behalf of the horror community... Thanks for killing off three horror franchises that didn't need anymore sequels!
I DONT KNOW wHAT TO WEAR TO SCHOOL
So tired
Check out April English Home rear cover, our Floral Bed!
Hey guys, I just saved a bunch of money on my flood insurance by not having any.
feel better, my friend! There's a nasty cold going around right now...I've had mine weeks! Lots of healing energy to you :)
SS!! I'm playing take control!!!! #Mysong :)
lunch again this week plz? Haha look I tweeted mo! :)
I mean, I thought teaching them was painful enough...
Follow Me Please!? 23
Sadness, so busy at work these days, just can't compete with fellow Psych-Os. Sounds like a blast tho. Thanx 4 much awesomeness.
Julius mays hays
is a MASSIVE fan of the
thanks to both of you for getting the word out - go
I love how Mets fans universally "love" Shane Dictorino!
are you excited??? Big night!
Good morning!!!
You'd be surprised....
congrats on the TV/Chi-Radio debut. Woman power!
I don't think everyone should self-publish, but it's sure worked out for a savvy few....
#WOTD: What big things to you expect from , #Wilco band members and dBpm in 2012? Happy New Year's Day!
I better not miss my 10k tweet. That'll really make me pi... I mean, upset.
keep me posted we can set something up for and your crew. Have a good weekend
Today's presenters are Christina Jensen of & Kate Gibney of
I'll be the guy pouring the Audrey & the Champagne, while simultaneously watching Barça-Madrid. Multi-tasking at its finest...
come home to see & parting it up over there without me. sweet invite-_-
“: ❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Metally dating my crush. He looked at me in the hallway today, it's getting pretty serious.” us
RT : Is that really any different from Lightning Talks? :) Depending on the presenter, maybe not!
Can't watch #GandB without crying for and with them. Happy tears/sad tears. Whichever. Love them!
Sometimes I wish I was short like 6 ft..
Very excited to present "Network Analysis for Topic Detection in Eighteenth-Century Novels" at the #humnets reunion conference this week!
I think I'm getting better at this..... :)
Planning out an Easter break jam session! Gonna meet up in Boston at Sam's place and work on some stuff.
yeah buddy! Sounds good
Still getting the hang of this "Follow Friday" stuff. Feel free to share some of Indy's finest we should follow & we'll try to keep up!
#BOYFRIENDReview something huge in music history
Yes I go every 2 years :) you?
Lucky you! When's your due date?
Why do guys always wait until the last minute to put the effort in?!. -_-
I'm bored. Someone entertain me.
Healty diet of weed, water and wonderful experiences!!!!!!
56 miles to Portland.
love my lap puppy
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
lol, they aint gonna know .. I go to the club now, lol
Why isn't anyone crazy about angry birds anymore? Peta crack down or what happened?
i'm still in hospital
ahaha.. I went to a rodeo a few weeks ago where they played afterward. We left 2 songs in, was that awful
My only sure reward is in my actions and not from them. - H. Prather
- My circle last year ---> O My circle this year ---> o People cant be trusted !
i'd rather be riding my bike.
At CofeeBean getting my final projects finished up for my online class. :-) almost done for the semester!
#RAVENNATION #ATLANTA #SEVENNATIONARMY ASSEMBLE this Sunday! 1pm! Tell somebody that knows somebody!
Maybe.. I just walked past it, but I see people almost collide there all the time. Crossing 70th is hard!
Air conditioner has made its first appearance of the year. Fortunately the 34 year old beast is still able to produce cool air.
Holy cow it's gorgeous out. What a great day for bicycling and such.
thanks boo. Love you <3
Inexplicably I am at a #DavidGarrett concert. I've never seen 1000 people pay to hear a wedding band. Until now.
just tried your cookies & cream #frozenyogurt flavor yesterday. It was delicious!
Idaho awards &#39;Gem Grants&#39; to local towns, counties
re: phones - I think my issue is that BB's issues are hw-related (ram, screen, proc), where streak's r solved w/ sw upgrade
So, I guess duke's football team showed up for the tourney this yr instead of the b-ball team.....
just came really close to getting hit by a car
we are graphic designers! www.stardesignsa.com contact us there!
you can interview me anytime you want. :-)
We hope Sam Calagione brings home the gold at tonight's awards! Good luck!
To lose patience is to lose the battle ~ Gandhi
its sad
I only speak one language..... the language of love! -Justin Bieber <3
Just thinking. The greatest players had the biggest egos. Being a a**hole is part of what gives them that drive.
What was tougher between challenges or starving? Hope you win the Fan Fave prize!!
love to travel.
How likely is an employee to do right by you if you're not doing right by them?
" is listening to " well how did we sound?!?! :)
we're not sure
It's great to see Timmy laughing going into the dugout.
So far today...2-0 +47.5 units with one game still playing and two more tonight #breakingthebook let's win some money boys
Lol jamies tubes are tied so idl bout that
id love to
What an exhausting day! So much to do! Almost done with my 2nd photo shoot of the day! XoXo
hahaha its okayy,the bitch will go off soon :)
Downtown Atlanta for my interview to be a Big Brother!
What's making me happy today: Hanging up on a vendor. When I say no, I mean no--if you keep talking, I'm hanging up.
Not what I expected. Oh well guess I haven't learned my lesson
Ugh, This is to early for me to be up at >.<
any studies on long term health of the 4 sports athletes? Seems NFL plyrs wld have most probs long term. Lowst avg salary??
At lunch with my dad, who is eschewing family conversation in favor of reading massive Ludwig Von Mises tome.
Keith Frazier just went down with ankle injury. He's in plenty pain.
Carroll Shelby...American bad ass. Read the book "go like hell" by aj baime.
• Hey it was nice to see you at the game. At first I was like HUH? because I didn't expect it. Guess we should'a went on Saturday.
#UBAKPsi is having a Meet the Chapter #Spring2012Rush event tonight at 6pm in the Alfiero Atrium. Come out to meet ΑΚΨ Beta Iota brothers!
the bus waited to leave b/c it saw our train come in and wanted to let us get on. sometimes metro does open doors
sleep... where are you?
Well, I bought three dresses, a belt, and sandals, and I do not feel any better.
WELL, TIME TO PLAY DIABLO!
Hey bro! Saw you were here in NYC! What are we doing tonight? Make me
I can't believe this. Saturday woulda been nice
Look out Milwaukee, the historians are about to take over!
Took a unintentional brake from a few social networks, I apologize for the absence. Thank you everyone for the #FF much appreciated.
Or both teams just suck.
otay well you know where I live 😘
Heading out 2 the weigh in for challenge see who won 2nite on
You gonna put away that Peyton Hillis voodoo doll you're working with anytime soon?
: why are the 2 mutually exclusive? apps vs storytelling
Everybody Talks - Neon Trees... Its great, and soon its going to be overplayed.
what's the next show about? Link for details?
feeling great after 1 mi run and 4 mi fast walk..time to get back into marathon form :)
Paula Dean would make an amazing mom/grandma
and what argument did u make again other than untruths and rhetoric? Yeehaw!!
God today is rough. Feelin like shit in soo tired.
so they aren't as cute as the university of Wisconsin's mascot?
Curious to know how Scouting for Food went? So far 46% of the troops have turned in 23k lbs of food! Do you think we'll reach our 50k goal?
Oh Yeah! Its all coming down now, in Jesus name. His Blood protecting me. Even the demons have to flee!
Looks like Facebook made a HUGE update - your thoughts?
I miss you so much:(
no I don't, but he had black hair and blue eyes if that helps
maybe I can send someone CMK-have them find u- start collaborative work-even if I can't get someone there we like collaboration
Daily GTKY question: For cinema and/or literary entertainment, do you prefer…drama or comedy?
This is awesome! I'm definitely all over this. Will there be booze? (I know, I'm horrible).
what was it you said - something about "violatez c'est twitter en la visage"? #fancyfrenchexpressions lol.
you lovee it. :)
After a week of major studying, I am going to relax a little bit this weekend. But, getting ready to start on Antigone. :-)
Today is #career day at my son's middle #school. I'll be trying to steer the kids away from #publishing :)
S/o to my favorite bad girls yall the shit with no diapers follow these ladies they real Ass Hell
Lunch just needs to hurry and come already, I'm hungry as fuck.
Had someone ask - fad or not? Think it's less abt platform & more about value it delivers, IE visual storytelling
I understand that. It's just the fact that the family wanted to keep it on the down low.
“: I swear I don't even watch tv I just like to chill in my room n listen to music 🎶👍” oh. Is that how you feel?
Honestly dont know how much more I can take....
Very sad to see Dale Hunter step down. Hopefully whatever coach replaces him keeps the same relative system in place
*Handsomely recompensed* is a good description
I really need to get some Detroit pictures on the website.
I keep having this dream about driving in a car with no brakes. Any dream interpreters out there wanna tackle this one?
I think it's about time an Amber Alert gets put out on Crawford. Definitly on a milk carton.
What's under Arsenio's hat?!?! What's he hiding? :)
HAPPY #ShootUsDownOneYearAnniversary ;D
Smh not clutch on those key free throws my brother
Thank you for mentioning us, we appreciate it! ^SZ
Thanks lets get together! Reach out to to start working together :)
Lets Go Birds!
Thank You! >hat tip #gratitudedance<
you super sexy hot
When you fall in love with two people chose the second because if you rly loved the first you wouldn't have fallen for the second
Concept of crowdsourcing has been at the heart of since the very beginning -
Good night Tweeples!
IT Solutions for the Houston Medical and Legal community.
Watch out, or Alec Baldwin may get you thrown off the plane.
So proud of all the pres students graduating today. Gonna miss you guys!
#WhoWouldYouPick coco or amber rose?? umm coco
I want for Christmas is for Tim be be sleeping next to me when I wake up...
graphic designers. Web/ print design, etc. also on site graphic editor for certain publications.
or at least get lost in some random industrial park
def a post chi comment sir.
Yes I am drinking plenty of H2O! Im determined to get in a few 5k's this season. Want to join me?
What a rip off! People should be outraged! Paying online requires less work for Verizon.
Scumbag Startup: Has me connect all my social networks and setup my profile. Tells me to come back later because I'm on a beta wait list.
I just bought the new ! I immediately tore out the post an taped it on my wall! Please print more!!!!
Yes. And those grounds are what I think they want to eliminate as a defense.
Yesterday I drove between two Toyota vans carrying MULES in the back, and I wore handerpants. I am not making either of those up.
hanging out with my cousins haven't seen them for a while! i love my new baby cousin Zoe! ^_^ <3
lmaoo thank you! :)
Great seeing you ! Wasn't a fantastic speaker with such valuable content?
maybe amber is working tomorrow Friday and Saturday 😱
Thanks. Much appreciated.
im going to the zoo tomarrow yeah buddy
Listening to Jonah Lehrer writer for Wired mag and author of How We Decide. His book on the decision making process.
And all those fairy tales are full of shit. One more fucking love song I'll be sick 💔
Though there was very beautiful yesterday, I pefer today's chiil.
The Parent Trap is on again! Love it! The hat you wear by the pool is inspired!
thanks for the words of inspiration, im in here cookin up some heatrock as we tweet
HWYS 12 (wb) AND K - rollover accident - several authorities responding
Yes! "I'm in!" I got the word a few weeks ago but it still hasn't quite sunk in yet!
I know..Those girls were gorgeous! Have u guys left the campground yet? We are all feeling a bit worse for wear..
Why did I drink this energy drink? It tastes like diet and now my hearts beating insanely fast as I bounce around my cubicle. Help Me!
tough for US in #Medan that's for sure.
Had no idea u knew about DreamChamps! I was just helping BP for three months as a consultant. Back to DC full-time now! :) - Jill
Caden have you got any crazy text yet?
Interesting - a dual use phone may indeed help with employee privacy concerns.
Congrats! That's wonderful news.
I love my life ♥
Church and hanging w friends
#666 followers? Oh that's healthy....
Have SO much fun! Can't wait to hear all about it...envious much? :)
We are excited for both of you, sick or not!! ;-)RT : opening for u tommorow don't get sick like Chicago lol
Love it!
My cat apparently does not mind being dustbusted.
Olivejuicesomuch.....even I confuse myself don't ask
i followed your friend(: now you follow mine ---> lol
Yes, you're worth it. Screw what they say.
RT : Music & spoken work event tonight! Dr. Mark Mantel's "Machine Gun Sketches". Join us... doors open 7pm!
graduation party tonight.... Come buy the man a shot
One customer down...three to go....Another Busy day at Banks PC Repair Plus!!!
thank God gaha
dude i was watching that 70s show and they said "keep youre friends close and your enemies fat" HOLY SHIT THEY STOLE MY IDEA
Can we meet at Starbucks instead of Burger Hut?
takes a man to break up with someone when looking them in the eyes, takes a coward to do it in a text or over Facebook
Papa Johns asked fb fans to submit their fav pizza recipes. The result? R&D insight worth millions
RT : ESPN's panel of experts talking about #UConn WBB streak are almost all UConn grads.
Hunter's new niece is so beautiful!!! :)
#AreYouReadyLittleHiltons for my new choreography album! But sorry there's no trailer on Youtube
is it in STL tonight ….. i wanna go!
received your newsletter in our inbox. Thank you!
The time will come when you can knock out an 8 page-er like nobody's business.
mcclane called him a safety, you think he's from Georgia tech, this shit is great.
they seem green to me too...
Work is an imaginary action until you make a move!
Now! Free pizza if you answer a few ?s about technology use. Come quick! It smells good and I don't know how long I can resist!
Im kinda tired tbh ..
we will find out what its like to be.. in a marching band... YEAH FOR THE FIREMAN.
I don't disagree. He just may have been more mad at the ref in the moment.
I sent a couple more photos to the newsrm email for u guys! Marissa u were right!!
thanks for the follow! You might also be interested in too. ~mark
Good Night
i'm not fred flinstone, but i can make your bed rock.
lol I bet on h because I was outside where they go by and he sneezed on me as he was going by so I was like he's the one
I'm so fucking screwed up you have no idea how much I hate myself
What's the last movie you saw in a theater?
#3WordsForYou I Miss You. I love you. I hate you.
Lost my phone... Found my phone all in the space of two days, not even realising!
Is it true that they changed "Happy Hour" to "I'm gonna go to CURRIED & eat CURRY hour"?
#himym catch up
you excited for my birthday!? 🎉🎁🍺🎂
OK Tweople - we got a newbie that needs some love - follow AND RT this please, thank you.
Dear You are one of a kind. Theres no one like you, I guess that's what makes you unforgettable(: <3 I'm always here for u!
My homegirl rode her bike for 14 miles today
It definitely was!
looking forward to it
Can you marry a dragon? Follow up: Why not? Other Follow Up: Are they easy to kill?
Say that again girl!! Lol
I love you!! <3 can I get your mention please? Much love from asia x
In 20-30 years, one of the hardest things our kids will have to do will be finding a user name that hasn't already been taken.
me too! Everybodys saying it was really short today tho
GURL. you forgot your diaper again?
I'm writing a song, and I can hear every little bit of the unmade track in my head... Just gotta figure out a way to make it real!
I'll have three fingers of Glenlivet, with a little bit of pepper... and some cheese.
are dead from last night I'm the only guy in my room up and ready to do it all over again!!
Ok. Why do I have to keep REfollowing people?! It keeps happening!
we love the yucatan! Weather just a tad better than TX! Ha!
RT (AB'08): does anyone want to learn how to speak esperanto with me?
When you have trouble reaching a contact, practice what we preach in marketing.. frequency & consistency of message. Stay at it.
RT : You may say i'm a screamer, but you've poked me in the bum. #quote Yoko Ono lennon
«««« Someone went casper on me.
Holy heart attack Batman!
Wanderlust is highlarious.
Rockstar cast at this session about long distance learning and collaboration. Keeping research sustainable—key topic, easy to overlook.
I had the good fortune to meet an amazing group of people at Chicago #BMA this morning. #IIT is a really neat venue, too!
I'm taking what I deserve.
Some days your the bait #sucks Some days your the fish #sucksless Some days your the hungry fisher #waiting till the perfect time
at William Douglas dinner: Public Counsel "promotes American values" of education, justice for all
RT : We need an intl standard for olive oil to simplify trade, assist in combating fraud, reducing problems for producers.
Thanks for the follow, Shauna. I got ya back! Looking forward to talking more about Motortrain. :)
The Euro Step strikes again. Baron Davis goes down with scary knee injury.
got U
You just look stupid.
Am I too late?
What time is the rally tonight? At the Capital obviously?
#lis768 Anybody else digging Google Chrome? (sorry, Mac-only users; your time will come soon!)
Yessirr. Andray outta there this summer. Kinda scared about Nene knees n/h
Thanks for the shout out! Peace!
I should follow more people :) (:
That man just spread pie all over himself.
To Nashville TN for CCSA Training. Ah, the 2.5 hr drive.... uuugggghhh! Oh, well, here we go!
Haha i saw a guy this weekend, i almost took a picture....so funny.
Wow, 2 hours seems like a long time to wait. Hopefully they were worth it! :)
Bynum is obnoxiously huge
thank you rahega :)
love it Leora
xss test <script>alert('Hello World');</script>
one direction infection
i was talking about the song ......
That's awesome! I still need to try it out.
Gotcha fam tell to follow me LOL RT : Follow me my Ninja!!
and our server is inaccessible. awesome.
Don't think I've had a better lunch in months than I did at today. Place rocks the most!
down with the dirtiest mouth in the south!
Getting ready for a road trip to Tucson to visit dad, and then on to Albuquerque on Monday. Yeehaw!
Yo, what are you guys up to this weekend?
School may be back in session, but as of August 1st, there are 53 days of summer left! New clients take 20% off your first waxing service.
that's harsh.
Stop by the Kohl Center on the way home. Our Hero may be able to heal you.
Who knew Austin,TX has it goin on! Had a great show last night and people really had a great time. So did I. Can't wait 2 come back.
5 minutes. All I want. 5 minutes to slow down smoke a cig and drink some lemonaid. Heat stroke check.
Book Review of Judy Hayden's _The New Science and Women's Literary Discourse_ sent to Journal of British Studies. Now: Grading Marathon!
I haven't talked to some people in awhile doesn't mean I don't think about you and just know if you need me I'm here
realistically a Gerald Fitch Jersey
Ima start wearing yall clothes in my videos and rep that clothing line - Kid Tay
Jason let me tell you I love this silver bracelet 22inches around great flexibility goes with all colors real panty dropper
Wearing my shirt today.
Your girlfriend love me.
EVERYBODY PLEASE FOLLOW MY BEST FRIEND shes new on here in yes she do follow back... so please go follow her
I like my music loud
DRUM lessons were AmAZinG!!!!
As you are ultimate splitter, you have to go split Brees and Rodgers
it's moving reeeeeeealy slow :/
1602 S. Park St. Madison. Can you make it? Thx!
Damn 100$ a day?? Shiidd give me that job
Congratulations to all the girls that had kids when I was in High School, by now most of your kids can watch themselves.
Palance, Milton and Britt fix damage in the airlock. That's one way to get over the death of your captain.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 33
We have a government that runs in the lobby but really is in the gutter
I like broccoli I just choose not to eat it :)
She ruins everyone's day everyday. So much for being an English teacher and clearly doesnt know the meaning of the word B-R-E-A-K
Just finished Shift Happens: Tech. Integration Decisions...very interesting w/ big picture ideas & less of HOW to do this in schools
Just cuz they are from china doesn't mean they know a lot about rice
Love love. <3
Hello what's the status of Bill # B19-0584? We need benefit corporations in #DC. Thanks for the efforts!
NEW HIP-HOUSE MIX AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD...
": u get my emails fam??" I did but ain't had the time 2 peep yet.
really? Sorry! I re-followed.
Did you know that the SJSFF is coming to the CineArts Theatre in Santana Row October 20th-23rd? www.facebook.com/sjsff
I better get an A in Mr. Greens class.
Lincoln theater tonight...
-_- u check ur twitter every morning huh lol
Today's accomplishment - I figured out a piece of CSS coding. Who knew that adding the word "important" would make such a difference?
Good morning Austin! It's great to have the whole team back in the office. Meeting and catch up day!
Happy Mother's Day!
escaping nights without shadows on the wall,my mind is running wild trying hard not to fall <3
Had an awesome weekend with you all! Ping us next time you're in town.
Thanks so much for the RT
I want some....seriously
read my mind, practice starts at ten... then film, then 2nd practice, then lift, full pads haha
Blue day numero dos...another day of english #blah #funtimes :/
yes it's really great ;)) Same here my love .. Did u have a nice day ??
Hint: The answer is obvious ......Use Your Sources!!
Beautiful song!
Bye bye, Preds! Good work,
Im at Therapy - great eats and good drinks! 348 W 52nd St.
Wow. Brewers telegraphed that double steal. Bob Brenley picked it up from the booth.
If i keep staring at the clock maybe it will go faster, im afraid though, that it will just burst into flames and stop forever
Hey all!! & I have officially launched mktg/confidence Follow us, tweet at us - thanks to all who've helped us get here
Arrive an hour before my interview. Get sorbet to pass the time~
Hate when a guy think's he could talk the talk and walk the walk!
HA!! Figures!!!..so this vitriol is more about generating as much interest as possible now to lead to their book. typical
When I'm feeling blue, of COURSE I think of WITHOUT HIS SHIRT.
At least with Cheney, we'd have been confident that we were being screwed with awareness.
If Lebron drills a 3 at the buzzer Twitter will probably crash
Welcome to the Kentucky Colonel Club
“ RT : #Leo dislike beating around the bush & are known to say exactly what they mean.”
RT So, who else is on pins and needles waiting to see the Packs season schedule??
$100 bucks if you start a "lets go bears" chant.
RECORD BROKEN! We hit 82 degrees at PDX today, shattering the 30 year old record of 79. How did you spend this glorious April day?
Impressed w/ HC Mike Woodson now on w/ Hope he finishes strong, don't always need the "big name".
F U Project Runway
Seemed kinda homophobic at parts even though its characters seem to be insisting that they're not. Definite funny parts, though.
I hate funerals.....
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. ~Desmond Tutu
with at the Learning Commons! chatting and charging..
Nope.... I was front row on the floor. None of that VIP nonsense for me. I like a show like I like my brandy-old fashioned.
I was just taking out the trash
hahaha oh ok that was a good one
No more stone tablet!! I have an iPhone now. :D #joinedtheworld lol
G-SHOCK WATCHES 4 Sale!!!!! In White, Yellow, Black And Red... 1 For $70 an 2 For $100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!
even this one spells better and can structure a sentence better than bfudd
9th grade: Everyone is friends with everyone. 10th grader: People start to act funny. 11th grade: You realize who's real. 12th grade: Bye.
Back on the streets tomorrow =)
hahaha you talking?!!!!
You are the reason why I am here. (:
follow awesome person ! Long term care and sales expert!
Okay, I'll stop.
ooooohhhh . Now I want one. First the floats, then this.
Yummylicious!!!! We could have alot of fun w/ this!!!!
Two more days!
sorry. it's in the book:) xoxo
Surviving and thriving require finding & maintaining a niche & adapting to a changing environment.
Going to teach Cold Reading at the SAG Conservatory. Wanna give them something so they can book a job this week.
RT : Better, Faster, Cheaper, and Now! How important is Now in health IT?
Just watched the Hunger Games movie.. I'm in shock! But upset that they didn't put the part where Haymitch falls of the stage haha.. Jk
money money money!!!
Our educational debt experts are finishing negotiated rule making with to help make policies on student loans!
Thanks!.. Which ones were yu feelin' so far?
You have to figure out game you want to play and go to it. Then you have to figure out a way to get in. That process is when things happen.
plzz follow my other account plzz i follow back(: thanxx(:
Hey, TV By the Numbers. CHOKE ON IT
is always hedging on a safe bet, walking a tightrope with a safety net
I am VERY proud of the Xtreme Fit Studio TEAM...!! You guys are rockin..it!!
awww that's so cute bless u, well makes everyone smile he's to cool x
today, yesterday ... RW bullies are getting their just desserts.
#TooMantWomen settle for less.
Welcome back! Study Away is excited about the new programs that we have to offer and we hope you're too. Be safe and have a great semester!
RT : Santorum gets out before awkward summer vest season begins.
Flipping between #DWTS and the #Brewers while painting. Did I miss Driver dancing? Score?
"I'm not hardcore enough for espresso." -me "Italians drink espresso." -
I know I am a little late to the party, but did you need help finding a brunch spot this morning?
well aware
Roger that!
When people say "how do you like my leftovers?" When you fuck there ex. Lol
Just touched down at JFK airport, gray skies, mean people, home sweet home
We are open all day Super Bowl Sunday! The game will be on, with sound! Come enjoy some fried chicken and honey mustard wings!
yeah it did tho. thanks
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding"....Seriously????!!! WTF! Hahahaha!
wth I'm not saying they suck either I'm just saying that people ride their dick too hard lol. I would take inter over them
On my way to kennywooD(:
RT : this will save you and yr students stress, plus by focusing on less yr students learn better
Chaka Khan just won custody of her granddaughter because mom and dad are druggies. You go, girl!
Love watching , but w/ Randy Jackson as guest I had to flip to Randy is one of most annoying 'dudes' on TV.
This kid in my grade thinks hes friken thomas edison and comments on everything!
RT : FELLAS!.. Be the man you want your daughter to bring home...
yes, would be positively scintillating in one of those! :)
Yo side of the bed by Trey Songz❤
When people rage on Facebook>>>> troll all day everyday
Go Blue!
yup. All the lights, power packs, stands, modifiers.
call me I need to ask you a question
Events in New Jersey - New York Times
great to see you too!! Pics will be up by the en of the week I hope!
haha. Music twins! I can't decide which I like more. They're both perfect.
To dissuade him from further efforts to drag my uncle into his net of crazy (he started cc-ing him). But also just for fun.
Where is King James you gotta be Kidding me. Mavs by 5 and the state of Texas going Nutz. LBJ now is ur time to shine.
3pm until close!
I'm getting ready to get my day started by answering questions..
Can't we all Kristin?! Oh the stories I could share!
Respect your imagination... Dreams do come
Perky nipples
Chubbs is a pansy... Give me #Spurs tickets
What types of accessories would YOU like to see Ashlei Shannon create next?!
Thank You and for your generous donation to the Make A Wish Foundation's charity auction. You're the best!
wow im really tired
Believe she did it. Think lesser included is strong possibility b/c 1st deg hard to prove here. But, I could argue either side.
This movie is weird...
Just keep hating. Just keep hating. Just keep hating hating hating! What do we do? We HATE we HATE!
dude don't say bri is a bitch!!!! She's not a bitch!
Thanks for posting the R-J link. Hope to see you in the 30th.
Counting calories sucks at first. I'm hungry still!
The MSAC is on the Hill today asking Congress to support the arts! Join the conversation with
WOW! just played Blister In The Sun by Violent Femmes while going to a commercial during the show.
very lame, last thing folks need are useless badges
When you are a mother, you are never really alone. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.Sophia Loren
tweet me when your home!
I was infected, education is very important !
It was the other guy. He started it. <big grin>
yep, can't always catch the whole show when I'm working & won't jump in unless i can. Hope u guys have a good day
here's to a great future! :)
Lana Del Ray = Mi-Sex, just with a much better graphics processing unit.
dibs, so we can cry together
Colorful Murals & Portraits Check out Lauran Childs and all her exciting artwork! story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Thanks hon, but there's no need. The world already hears enough of my hot air.
Good Morning ladies & gents ....
My anxiety dreams are of homes crashing down around me. Guess that means the house hunting is going well.
hey! lets get some Instagram going ;D on ig! see u there
Totally agree! Just funny hearing her learn it :)
i txted him to come meet me at the bus ramp and he surprised me :] he found me in 5 minutes! yayyy. <3 x] lmao
Why would you advertise a sold out show?
you're welcome
keeping our fingers crossed for japan, and probably the rest of asia at this time.
time to busta workout
I can tell you a boss ...I'm a boss ...I want to do boss issh with you
Makes it harder to complain when there IS a problem with the refs, too. :|
Steelers' job fair on Saturday - Beaver County Times
"So, you're saying there's a chance!"
When her fingers touch my skin, it's like lightning.It makes my nerves dance, and my stomach fly. When her lips touch mine,I get butterflies
Music Software – Computer Music Resources When choosing music software from the array of computer music resources available
A new day, A new start(:
One night b4 we were born, we went to the party with dad and left with mom! Lol Happy Mothers Day!
we got enough fake industry people do we need anymore?
Can't breathe. Time to finish this, Caps
Thanks for the great sponsorship and the very cool Social Media Marketing Program you teach! All good stuff.
ya you can go shave your back now
My moms so cute but when she's drunk and dosent stop talking lol I have no words I love her 😍
(02/02) re for you! No matter what!
Many empty seats in the Gaston Hall balcony as Newt Gingrich begins his speech
Love Fest here !! Glad you are having a good day Paul ! I was thinking about you and your Mom yesterday, a day of reflection 4 me
Actually, practicing with Ryan Hollins leads to waking up in a roadside ditch. Don't practice with Ryan Hollins. Get DirecTV.
Missing some NFL today......
What I learned today: Don't send company-wide emails to technology-illiterate people containing multiple acronyms.
Just got the Bird's Beak on the shelves in Ikon! Come check it out!
We clawed our way back! #letsdothisshit #BULLS 4TH QUARTER
OKAY I GOT ALL Y'ALL
At home and about to eat :)
Had to evacuate the building at work due to fire Alarm.
Apparently I suffer from hinsingers disease.
Each week flies by even faster now -- big girl time :) RT : Fridays have taken on a whole new meaning! #TGIF! :)
I want to go out to eat
well get one!
YOU'RE THE CUTEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN!!
ESM client Kelcie McCray/S is impressing the scouts w his range and speed at the practices during the All Star Classic here n Little Rock!
Thanks to everyone for making this a great Weekend at Brass Monkey Stallis and Milw! The party continues today with Jimmy & Eda at...
Just saw Band of Horses...great show.
I have so much homework, I might drown in it.
Thanks for the great event!
How are you feeling?
*grumble*Izturis*grumble*
: Leave it to David West and Larry Bird, the world will have to wait until next year for LeBeron to compete for a title.
promotion time follow
now using hashtags for tweets of our concert calendar for our #Bostonnewmusic, #Bostonopera and #Bostonholidayconcerts fans! Suggest others
yup you here? Lol
Fenway is amazing first time or 2 and you actually see the Green Monster. After that you begin to notice it's a dump
did Ricky pay off / reach an agreement on his debt to the dolphins?
Guess I'll rest today after 2 powerful shows thurs and friday. I think I' gonna walk around in my undies, t-shirt, and socks all day. Lol
": Always smile, make them regret ever hurting you."
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal. -
Joy Carpenter
wow! Think of all the links that need changing!
I agree!! Wait... That does mean shes good lookin?!
your hair looks good! :D
I leave for Utah in exactly ONE week! Oh the excitement :)
Team shop had too much inventory printed.
Make every effort to never, ever use 5 Shades Templates inc - products do work nor does tech support. Pls RT so others won't lose $$
This my song
i meant I lol
Iknw cant wait bro
Looks like St. Thomas Aquinas anti-abortion group will be able to apply to participate in Hampdenfest.
Well I'm officially moving out January 10 but I'll be in LA in August and December. We should grab coffee or lunch!
Just spent nite watching Lions/Browns w/ & - a tru experience. I feel smarter just soaking in the knowledge.
MAXIM with Awesome. What about royalities?
Who do you think you are? Running round leaving scars.. collecting your har of hearts and tearing love apart
": Would you rather be Zonnique or Babydoll best friend?" I Love Both But Babydoll !
Faith is the first to act...good job faith :)...Got you again
Whoa. & are reporting #JuniorSeau is dead.
If you had a dime in a Cayman Islands tax dodge for every time Mitt Romney lied, you be Mitt Romney.
your bomb either way ;)
happy birthday! Please wear your hot pants :)
Hi AJ thanks for the follow, I love Tampa, great sunsets.
Its Chris Browns birthday today...lol...happy bday to him!!!
RT : This is the war I’ll be involved in: We, as a society, are not doing enough to protect at-risk & motherless children:...
nothing like an ice cold cherry #coke :)
Email sent!
I hope today b an outrageously fun day!
mary anne doane: we should be suspicious of the language of immersion in scholarship: it's the lure of the industry itself
where are all the lil jimmys at i swear i just saw him walking with lmfao and thats the truth now tell me whats up
Working title of a subsection of my admin law final paper: Monsanto's Dumb Explanation. Going to be an interesting night.
Full day of work then hopping to AACC conference + a little WDW Magic! #finally #Springbreak... Well, a little break anyway.
Pizza King with Skinny!
Yeah, no.
Just discovered www.briterevolution.com. Very cool music site.
Thx and What a night! And the 9 foot grand piano never hurts:) blessings
Thinks someone is in need of a flogging!!
A great day 4 me n d small me n it's getn even better
Hope that's a good thing. RT 2 all my new follweres, Im going thru some trust issues. ur in a different league.
when are you headed out?
its going on about 2 weeks now. i think you might have heard it breeding in the trash can. ewwwww!
You can't be hungover... when you're still drunk!
wondering if my first pair of glasses is causing some slight vertigo/nausea? Everything is so crisp now though.
Absolutely, you can only hold your breath and wish for the best.
Didn't wash the dishes.. Now you can bitch me out all you want.
love it..."follow your gut in the moment" good choice!!
#Teacher Fun Friday! First person to upload a Spring photo on izzyshare gets a $5 Starbucks Gift Card! www.izzyshare.com GO! : )
even though Wed won't be as sunny...we'll get it back Fri-Sun. Such a nice change of pace to have mild Spring weather :D!
Jazz Vocalist Dara Tucker plays tonight(Aug 5th) in Nashville at F Scotts
COLD RUNNING THE YLT TICKET MARKET!
Morning twitter fam
Hey guys, ever hate things for no discernible reason? Me too.
Planning to attend the March 10-12. Anyone going? Would love to chat about product placement in highend online videos.
Idleness chafes and opportunity beckons.
brush with olive oil and bake with shallots, garlic, or pearl onions. Dust with parm. Cheese just before serving.
Who will have a better pro career Locker or Tebow?
#ThingsThatINeed a tanning bed.
Time of day affects your service demographics
No shit. My parents were all like "What's wrong with you?" and I was all, "Umm, I'm nine. So ..."
Hm....it's Tuesday, must be Easton. Wednesday it's Germany! JazzAhead look out!
#Bonding with your #baby is cool man.Life is about more than making $, still the choices men make are going to save the USA $
hangover 2 duh! Not bridesmaids
Well, that depends on what your definition of the word "is" is.
Jesse Thanks for the follow!
Admit it, you're a Duran Duran fan.
Never lie to a #Scorpio. We'll see it a mile away, and although we'd like to forget and avoid getting angry, we can't, and that's dangerous.
are you open today?
Wanted Noel more than Shabazz. Still plenty of talent on the board.
“: I need some jazz music to relax to...” put on some
I'm jealous that you guys are going to baseball games. Have fun!
doesnt have be wishful thinking
lol nothing is working
hahahahah I Have to admit, I havent met this side until today. Thank you for enlightening me! lol
well then you're a horrible human and judgement day won't be a pretty looking day for you.
Great idea! Let me know for next time so we can schedule in advance!
S/O to the Juniors! Good Luck!!
great! How's your day Zayn? :)
Yes...I'm not sure if anyone is doing it with architecture collections though.
there's no such thing as virgins anymore. Especially if they know who is.
They are great buildings...need to share story of how they meant as symbols of civic virtue and openness.
really enjoyed your story on Fun to watch him dominate 2nd team All Big 12 beast, Zach Hanson, in the Cotton Bowl.
oi. That sucks. I'm flying out to Albany tomorrow. Hate traveling!
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN =] !!
It was a get-me-over cookie right down the chute. That ball should have been smoked somewhere, quite possibly over the fence.
went to southland while at UK. Good church. Maybe crossed paths?
Incubus is going back on tour. Incubus concert tickets in NY, Chicago, Mansfield, Toronto, Indianapolis go on sale Friday.
Richard Simmons at halftime show??
She was just so.....refreshing!
wee man jast dj blend
So I just sent a text and immediately got an auto response text back that threatened me lmfaooo!!!
Check me and out on NBC30, for our interview on Quinnipiac University's eco-friendly graduation gowns! Go green!
Happy Halloween! GO PHILLIES!
today's coolests: 'its constant surreal exhausted happiness'
wooaaww its very good idea... Er okay what are you doing this weekend
Unhappy texas fans
Life to u Love._:)
Germany, really?! Lucky you :D awful xD
Please send us an email for customer
So how come Syfy, is missing a "space show" are they planning on filming a new series, what's going on there..
Way to go and on your sxsw panel!
Thanks, found it! I was wondering about the #sschat combined with the
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?
who's picture is on the guitar ?
Oh that's ones going on Facebook and ima tag him ^.^ No BUENO ANEL THAT'S MEAN ^.^ FALL IN A hole
Only spent 1 night downtown and got enough free beer koozies to last the year
Going to bed, wondering how you feel about This Situation.
. interview being livetweeted at #digdia is a fascinating alt view of a well-documented born-digital #archives case study
How was yo Day
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?Lord Chesterfield
They've really improved since the one I owned as a boy in the 70s. Does it have sound effects?
If a girl gives you head its only right to return the favor;)
Thanks for the heads-up. I'll check on that. ^jh
Betty White is the only person Chuck Norris is afraid of
Today is like Friday to me. My weekend has started.
thank you sure do!!
“: Are the Saints trying to give this game away? A 5th turnover?!” agreed
I can leave in 20, if Plum is ready. 🚲
Hahahaha!! RT : always interesting to see that a male escort started following you on twitter
Lottie's Lounge - home of the toastiest cocktails and coldest draft beer in Seattle!
I would get a sinus infection the week of prom.
left, injured, left for NYC.
Othadontist! Trying to decide what colors to get on my train tracks this time...
Just visited had a blast choosing a FUN look for my music video!! Thanks Alexis, Alex, Becky, Crystal, and Carolina!!
on Fremont has a large selection of #glutenfree beverages, for all of those PDXers w/ an allergy out there.
Don't miss this weekend's open house in Edina! See www.halfcosthome.com starting offer price 160k! That's 50% off market value!
Get yo ass to tonight!
Loves impromtu meetups with friends- esp when its 74 degrees! However, I may or may not be suffering a little this morning...
A very 2010 moment: deleting the Yale email account from my iPhone.
If you want to make a squeze don't forget to make a strong action steps
is it the end of Mel Gibson's career?
At least Peralta is lined up with him.
great point, coach. In the end, I think Jimmer will be able to keep a job in the league.
TODAY JUST NEEDS TO END.
My plan is to call thursday , if they dont call thursday .
do you watch Jersey Shore?!?
SERIOUSLY?!?!?! :O. OMG! I'm flattered! You've made me blush! I'm HONORED!!!! :D #YouMadeMyYEAR!!!
If I was playing Jeopardy against Watson,let's just say shots would have been fired,a warranty would be voided and I woulda won
My friend wants his recipes put up in a recipe blog. Any suggestions?: I was blown away tonight by ‘Billy’s turmeric tofu surprise’. ...
Trust me, I rocked with a 1979 stereo set in Patterson Projects in 91, because you once said Rock the house no matter what!
thank you for the follow.
What a great idea, this sounds like so much fun!
don't think it cam up at that forum. I have done 60 of them and I was told today by someone I missed about 10 LOL
Noel Levitzing my students right now.
RT : "There comes a time when silence is betrayal." ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
