good morning! Happy day before Friday :)
New info in Crown Point hit&run. Did driver intentionally hit the 4 corrections officers? The sheriff: it's possible. $10k reward in case
I might have missed. Did you post news about the kits we preordered?
Ronnie Lott, Summer Sanders and Rick Neuheisel the new faces of the Pac-12 TV network it was announced today. What do you think?
Why is it so hard to put my thoughts onto paper? This is insane. It didnt used to be like that.
Hey everyone ! Sorry that I haven't been on !! I got grounded . Fail , right ?
Give me a 140-character synopsis of your newest piece. And GO!
but you're not following me :(
merrrrrrrp. me being in the class of 2012 has the best class slogans holy shit
giving up on Instapaper, switching to Read it Later. Nicer service so far.
#theBae told me something I won't forget ;; so from here Jalynn bites her tongue for no Bxtch !
this is gonna be the best fight till we get Mayweather vs. Pacquia! Hopefully B4 the Mayan calendar #EndoftheWorld date lol
Excited for my first event tonight
Follow her! She is pretty chill :)
Haha Houston traffic is just as bad as Dallas traffic....except the cars are crappier.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Funny how left the part about trashing him 1st out of her communications to her supporters. Fact Check.
Today's brunch features pumpkin mini muffins with dried tart cherries and pepitas, blackberry parfaits with coconut pepita granola...
Swift IPO Set for This Month Could Top $1 Billion
Come on Boni.... knock him in!
Butch Cassidy and Sundance Jam
yeah they're one of hte easiest as far as ultra beginner setups. And i think they give u like 3 diff types of beer with the kits
Death by mailing!!!
bahah RT : Define romance. Q4. Love on the road: your best romance found while traveling solo?
Thanks, Michael. That means a lot. As a sign of gratitude, I will plug your excellent P2P project to my meager 185 followers
Congratulations to the who advance to the second round of Playoffs. They've knocked off the #SJSharks in a 4-1 series.
gonna try again tomorrow. Wanted to get some pancakes!
Lol the next 1 is the grammys which is in feb
Im bouta start dressing like a rock star stay wit cut up jeans and punk rock shirts and them glove that cut at the finger!!!...yuhhhs
Thanks! I'm glad you found the blog post meaningful.
Should I go naked to graduation
Special thanks to for the connection - it was a good one girlfriend.
and you didn't even go to Golds, you just breathe the same air as furniture customers
25% of drivers should have their licenses revoked IMHO.
if you are "influential", you can receive perks from brands who are using Klout to gain social buzz. I got some free tea!
Well we've never been in the car for a long period of time. most about 20 mins. And she does fairly well, if she's sleeping!
In Nonsuch, Turly Curd is smiling. Does he have twitter yet?
um that sounds amazing!! Such a perfecto day for
Well, when you live in KY, you support KY.
I will meet you guys there! Go team. “: You can still make it if you leave now.”
#helmetguy getting a shout out on air from "back em down!"
Working on a Double-CD project mastering, duplication/printing today. Doing some duplication for Deepak Chopra again today (& yesterday).
Lace wigs are tacky! RT if you agree
Math. The only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one knows why.
lol they do exist!! That was their best song....
Wonder what's motivation? Deals? Info for friends? Vanity? MT 10% of all adults use "check in" services up from 4% in May '11
WE ARE KENTUCKY.
What is your favorite thing about Roshon? I'll RT all your answers! -kenzie
I usually just play online. So like I play a little here and there. Blacks Ops II comes out 11/13:
Oye. So much to do before #AAA2010. I've outlined my paper, but it is far from being done. Guess that's what the plane ride is for. ;)
u sure i man i made the song in a studio i took me three months i like singing i just wish she would notice me !!!:(
Hope everybody liked the new designs that were posted today! Much more to come in the upcoming weeks!
Is there a better day for a burger than a Sunday? Open at 11 am.
I find it easier to make Keynotes on the iPad than the laptop. It's also simpler for me to project during our school assemblies.
Nice finishing work while the sun is still up and high. Spring time in San Francisco
#ifiwon mega millions,it wouldn't matter to me that my boss denied my vaca request for mid-april-I'd be taking a permanent vacation.
I could spend all day and all of my $ at lowes.
Do you guys remember that movie Primal Fear where Edward Norton "loses time?" That's me this week.
hey Dee Dee pleasure meeting you on set
My tummy hurts :(
All quiet on the ref desk front...
Arcata, eugene, bend. All places i've never been. Im just a canadian boy.
Saw tonight. It was really good. When he's not playing a buffoon is quite a good actor.
Be there in 5!
:) Warm fuzzies all around!! You all are awesome!
Happy Friday!! Who is ready for the weekend?
"What to Expect When Your Expecting" seems like its gonna be a good mo
haha thanks! Happy Birthday to you too!
Welcome to Indy attendees. We'll have live music this week. 1 block from conv. cntr. Next to Westin & Marriott on Washington St.
my boy with a side of salsa please
Whoo needs followers? if so tweet meh
Happy Birthday!! :)
RT The wind is crazy! Out here but I'm still setting up need that paper!!! Follow the next Calvin Klein!
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.-- Zig Ziglar
i dont know where to get them.you could look for them on google or something.i have some saved on my computer.
No. I've just come back. I'm not even sure I'll stay.
you need to get yours
I don't entirely mind it, depending on the situation ;-)
Go Barsa make the difference ...
Back in the 612
thanks for the RT.
I'm not sure but whatever it is its working great!
We just realized we have 952 followers. That's enough for a party of MASSIVE proportions. *raises champagne glass* CHEERS, YOU GUYS!
Secretly hoping just falls asleep on the phone with me so I never have to hang up....
I've decided to grow my hair ren faire long.
Hey! Where are you at now? Still in Jax.? I'm in Miami now, but had moved to NY for a bit.
#sschat popping back in!- 3 y.o. spilled paint all over floor when "helping" daddy paint the bathroom
About to go up at the west side comedy theater for open mic. Might crap myself onstage
Uh, I hope I find a similar love, someday. and I love them.
Goin to find food
I need a new (cheap) cocktail dress for the Annie Tinker benefit w Landon. Since I can't afford the Herve I want, recs in downtown NY?
Refer a new customer and receive $100. More information
*bit LOL not boy
Thank you for a terrific show! Be sure to connect your 's & keep in touch with everyone you met!
Lol stop it!!!
HUCK WAS BOUT TO PULL OUT THAT SCALPEL AGAIN!!!!!
Team Jesus headed to Texas in August inbox me we will stop by your Church
Queen Elizabeth isn't allowed to carry money. The filthy lucre shall not stain her royal palm. I, on the other hand, am simply broke.
Says who? I am a huge devotee of the serial comma (same thing). RT : apparently so is the oxford comma.
ju..ju..Justin.. You..you..your on the Voice! Already love your video of boyfriend and I seen a little of it. Omg #boyfriend!
In the old days a man who saved money was a miser; nowadays he's a wonder.
one big room full of crazy republicans
El pastor Restaurant Newark is looking forward to hosting Junina! Brazilian People in the house!!!
He's a good guest!
Our 15 for 15 Sale Starts Today! For the first 15 days of July, ALL shirts are just $15! Happy Summer! Order yours at www.ossoclothing.com
GONE TO THE RIGHT FIELD SEATS FOR KIPNIS!
Getting from W 82nd St. to E 24th St. by bus is considerably slower than walking...
WHY AREN'T THOSE IN MY MOUTH.
same bored
I agree; would rather organize, teach. Found a small occupyumd group on facebook; no advertising/communication w/ campus/network
It would have been so fun, however, to get some pictures and then do a newsletter about it for our bldg community.
i aint got time 4 dat wishy washy shit, so we just gone roll wit watch u said first
"I'm good friends with everybody"
well, everyone replying to my tweet agrees with me so nyeah.
Stoked for #bamboozle Fest. Me and would get to chance to meet other than twitter.
The #gohards list grows
y Friday that is so long away? And I have to take my final Friday
Fear of caring, that what we care so deeply about will not be loved by others. Natural but destructive
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us...What we make of our talents is our gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
Love that cleansing rain.
love it - Hoping the content delivers as well
ard bro. Is that jawn gonna be on yourube
not at all. Doesn't everybody?
early tubs. making pizza
O, u cute.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.� Bruce Lee
Just got carded buying cigarettes- think she might have been blind, but I'll take it.
I really miss nick :(
my boyfriend came to see me and I was sick, had natural hair, and no makeup.
Well yallllllllllllllllllllll.. From the 20tht to the 23rd of this I Month.. is when The Lord is going ti make me an Ordained Minister
Who's Law; the people's Law.
FAt ASS HEAD :)
#LNYHBT Has anyone heard about the new book by Jose Rodriguez? He wz the head of the CIA after 911
gotta chief something on the #beautiful bike ride to wizzork
trying to plan an interview with :)
Always a hard one...RT : "Act without expectation. ~ Lao Tzu #tao"
Always good to hear how smart mayors value art. Thx , Mayors Coleman & Smith for sharing your perspectives in NOLA.
haha I feel you (:
Just whoever you like to listen to! =)
I have a Moto Droid RAZR in addition to my iPhone. Not a bad piece of hw, but... Some nice features, but not really close.
"Boundary-free Enterprise" keynote #aatc They produce a lot of good information on #saas and the
I keep a smile on my face n the world at arms distance...cuz I'm careful of my feelins, they're my Achilles Heel¡
An artist I truly admire paid me one of the best compliments I have ever received in my writing career. Worth far more than any sales :)
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city
congrats! hope everyone gets to see this production!
Q5 Something that tells a good story; that doesn't rely on it's statement cause to make it the next big thing. 1/2
Surprise trip home for mommy day!!
I love #krogers open late and cheap prices :)
It's been a fantastic past 12 hours… 1) I got to see and 2) Doing work like a beast today already
that alright with you ma'am?!
Talking terps to the kids in Annapolis.
about time you take a hard stand and
darn. I wanted to support and promote y'alls thang. I will use it for other stuff then. Thanks! Hope all is well for you!
who you going to ask?
there was this dude that wanted to be a guru, was wearing a suit should've worn shorts...
thanks u
Now that's coaching. Haddadi's first minutes in 4th quarter in this series and he makes an impact at a crucial time for Grizz
Just voted for the first time for #SAA elections (I just joined this winter)
I'm Tryna C a Million before iGo!
I want to do some KAnsas City Chiefing..
Global Handheld Computing Devices Industry
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Betty gives a shout out to the Oregon Ducks
Very true RT : YOU are capable of ANYTHING! Believe in Yourself 
RT : Just watched your "Love is All" music video on #JCTV & that song is legit!
aww well that's good. So now what? You go out there in April?
"Kuhn's book is often cited as one of the most-often-cited books of all time."
watching bebe kids!
Happy Thanksgiving 2 everyone around the world! I am thankful to have each of you as an influence in my life. Remember those in chains today
OK OK OK All good!!
“: Polls are open until 8p- anyone in line at 8 gets to vote. Tweet any voting ?s here #wivote #wiunion #wiprimary #voterid”
is thankful that her computer is finally be working.
That's not at all what I wanted to see as soon as I woke up.
keep your head high princess! i love you! <3 going to tear up this town
know what you mean. Have you run into someone like this recently?
OK... I've asked two teachers. What state are you in?
We are staying over a day to explore Salt Lake what are some things a dog like me is allowed to see or do?
Selection Sunday. Let's go Hoyas!
fasho bro be careful!!!
Lookin' for a lift home from airport tonight at 830. Any takers?
Thanks for the
your pretty awesome yourself lol.
W/music: consistently successful practice = gr8 performance. RT Success: not the destination; it's a way to travel. D. Waitley
You got that right!
Wow I was tripping..
Thank you :-)
I wish I could go shopping
yeah, u didn't know
awesome choice for an avi
<-- Follow her
sometimes my mom wish I was sweet like strawberries when I'm really bitter like lemon juice. Its cute when she thinks its just a phrase
"BLUE MAN, WHERE YO FEET AT?!" -
Wise men say, only fools rush in...
Tonight's Special: Cajin Shrimp Basket with Fries!
Why don't Justin hire Selena as the leading girl in one of his music videos, I honestly think it would be cute
Headed to the downs with and #twitterlessmatthew who will miss lots on twitter today.
You are very welcome, my pleasure Amanda!
SEW #IFMA is hosting their Professional Member appreciation event right now at #SPiNMilwaukee. How's your ping pong game?!
Still feeling sick :/
HEY YOU STOP FOLLOWING?
Love walking around the Short North on a gorgeous Saturday!
RT : I bet The Great Depression could've been ended with a giant Zoloft.
I69 two lanes closed north of 96th,may explain my wide open commute from 96th to 465,thought it was just Fishers/HSE Spring Break :)
you weren't with raydell.. & that game didn't count I had a shitty partner. Lol
Hey guys check my Band Profile for some free downloads of 6 of my songs!
8 more followers and I'm at 700!
Blue actually got one right!!!
Completely on your side, BUT- if it's their establishment, can't they ban outside food/drink if they want?
NBC must have gotten a great deal on Bedazzled microphones.
Blazers say that LaMarcus Aldridge is headed to Vail, Co to have sore hip checked. He is questionable for tomorrow.
#SquaredFact grace is 5'2 she's the shortest out of the group
Yo mamma is so hairy that she looked like chubaca.
can you fill me in on what your doing?
People in the office are putting together a lotto pool. I can't join but they said they'd take me to lunch if they win...in Amsterdam! Win!
& btw, I'm so excited for you(: your gonna be a great mother!! being a mommy is hard work, but its all worth it!
Is this a basketball game or a dunking contest. Who do u u think us going to win
Doing nothing can sometimes be a good thing, but it's getting really old.
Sequin top glittery shorts (: (glitter pockets)
What a great night for that! Remember to be safe as you amble, wander, walk it out.
ha, possibly douchey Peruvian cocktail lounge.
The Miracle on Madison Avenue: Sat Dec 11 5:00pm. Join the festivities! Community tree lighting and holiday fun. Madison Avenue @ Robert St.
I'm just a Shaq guy, I guess. I thought he was on-point after the Lakers-Nuggets game. And I think he plays well off Charles.
Being mentioned in the same tweet as Ryan Gosling made me feel sexy. Thanks.
That's quite an interesting shift in music. lol
I have some or contact
Woke up to loud snores then glee blasting!urrr!!
Thinking is overrated. It is effective action that separates winners from whiners. Control your thoughts through action. Jim Woods Coaching
Music Content & Partner Relations position & thought it'd be interesting to reach out to you. Keep up the great work!
thank u for following i have cerebral palsy with spastic (spasms)
OMG! Ur following me!? :D :D <3
FUCK I JUST WANT TO CRY!
feeling overwhelmed... and it's the summer! oy vey, i say.
we are using moving forward. Got it officially!
how about the science for what's going on in Ron Artest's head!!!
Keep those lovely tweets coming.
Jam have fallen behind by 18 early in Q4. 9:02 left to play
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL ! OPEN TODAY FROM 1-4PM! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
also good joke ha. It'll be a good one. Too bad we'll be on the bus -_-
when are you coming back to Dallas? I have some great restaurant ideas for you to visit!
#tie2011 #tie2011, wow, this changes everything, finally, cloud computing, so many resources, Kuglin
I've been trying to figure out how to take pictures on Instigram or whatever it's called for the past week, lol
MT MBTATransitPD person struck by AMTRAK train between #Mansfield & #Sharon #MBTA and AMTRAK service stopped
Your tweet stream this morning is inspiring me to go out and cat 6 some people on my steel 12 speed.
Good job purdue for big ten champs in baseball
When you accidently roll your eyes at your crush. <
give them all wedgies >:)
Happy Friday! Time to get my workout on! Hope everyone is having an amazing day, this weather makes me feel great!!!
Yes! First to rt you:)
3. None started
Good to see that 22 wins by Dantonio and company means you'd rather have Borges and Mattison. Lazy.
#ThingsIHate Those sleepless nights where your mind does nothing but overthink. *Sigh* :(
Breakfast sandwich from mondos >
The guy giving my mom a pedicure just snapped his gloves and declared cavity check.
Word of the day: inkle /INK l/ v. - to attend a party to which one has not been invited.
Yes, i have alot to update you on.. The Celebrity Spouses Health care plan... Pitching the NFLPA
Thanks! I <3 you too!
NOW A DAYS PEOPLE HAVE FORGOTTEN ABOUT THEIR "BEST FRIENDS" #BullShit right there
i did u follow me to
Watching The Voice with Viggle Tue | 9PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Great! just coolin it. What u got going on?
so my birthday's tomorrow and I'm going to spend it by buying myself merch. Yay.
“: Sometimes a guy just wants to play video games and drink gin all night.” // amen
Happy Cinco De Mayo! I'm on stage today doing an Improv show at 1:15pm at UCBeast in NY. Its only $5. Come on down!!
Praying, praying, praying for Syd and baby Briar. Hoping for a very strong little girl.
Hear hear. “: Show is good. It's the awards that are broke. #HHAwards”
what do i smell like?
hey songwriter Dameion stopping by
think you missed your d-apostrophe… :)
thanks Ted. have a great day!
Korean bbq plus concord pretty good if in the neighborhood
all i need is Altakali's essay. Fischer's. and my semester exams. AND I AM FUCKING DONE.
what's your number?
kk I wont
Don't worry, you two can see who can throw the ball furthest. ;) I haven't played in years so I won't be much better.
I drive into work this morning on 894 and I had to get off on Forest Home because it was so wet and slushy. Didn't want to end up in ditch
No, but I'll be at Staples Center for the game. Are you bringing Blanche?
Log on to E2onair #the Sex Suite is on# join Natalie and Paul Wayne Haughton
It does not matter how much people say they love you… there are some journeys you have to take all by yourself.
Your Welcomes <333
Give me the Keynes and I'll drive you crazy.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
Oh gods, give me the strength and the patience to #draw those things I find so terribly boring
He's the man! Thanks!
Anyone tried writing an app that allows a user to upload a spreadsheet to import data?
Omg my fucking debate partner ditched me
This warms my heart 💓 They are the cure for terrible days.
so funny!
can't wait to see you girls in LA! xo
Can't sleep, researching teeth bonding and if my dog has fleas. Will probably never sleep again.
that is a great feature, not too sure about tying my acct to phone yet ;)
My angel is the centerfold
AMR Unions are backing US AIRWAYS takeover talks.
We'll be getting started here shortly! 30 minutes to be precise! 10pm CST. We're ready to rock, are you?! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Senate defeats proposed literacy bill amdmt that would have softened retention language.
riding that right into a contract restructuring
Ready to move out
“: making facebook pages for your pet. #WhitePeopleWednesday” Lol!!!
Join us at Veteran's Park on Thursday morning for our end of the year picnic!
Oy. Hope we have the opportunity to share this further/formally!
Oh my damn , he gonna kill somebody tomorow . Like for real , he's scary :o I won't be in that class tomorow .
Packers back-to-back 4th round picks are 14 picks away. 132/133
my pleasure! Happy Saturday to you :) Cheers!
i have a few that would make your head spin.
Ughhhhhhggghhhgghgghghgggghhghgggggggghhhggggghgghhhgghhghgghhggggghhhhgghhghhhghhggghghghhghhhghhg! Do I have to read now? (:
says ag is fighting a war of words in the media. Ex: mad cow, swine flu, pink slime, factory farms.
also, a massive HELL YES to your whole tweet sequence.
Where may I find these choice words? Listen...Trust is built through work and taco bribes. Joe's getting there.
3 cheers to the Emulex RunConnect team, who crossed the finish in 30 hrs 30 mins at ! They came, ran and conquered!! Congrats!
Proud to be the Number 1 Nightlife entertainment source for
unfortunately I do not have one at the moment
Finals can kiss my ass!
great performance tonight!
i believe u!...lol wait, did u ever used to hack my myspace?
Pflunner dinner last night; good to catch up on each other's lives.
During today's fire drill at work, I'll be demonstrating several looting techniques.
Having to restart a level a gazillion times all because you want that perfect score -_- <<
pineapples bitch lol. Im insecure as fuck right now
Chill Night. TV & Pizza.
Two and a half men fail float.
Apparently the noise is from fireworks. They are the loudest freaking fireworks I have ever heard. And why on May 12??
missed you! ended up going out for coffee then came back to meet he just started at GA, go meet him, he's great!
so u drive an Acura lol
Back in Cleveland already...that was a short Easter weekend.
love that furry face!
Vodka for my ladies, whiskey for a grown man
RT if you want to do a concert by you(:
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road. ”
Our Soup of the Day is a delicious chicken tortilla!
At least we get to wear our cute jackets!! :)
Going on a little drive. I'll be back later!
It's gorgeous outside, but I'm inside - writing, editing and marketing. I'll stop the prep... when I'm a series regular. ;)
cannot wait to get to NYC thursday!! bottomless brunches await!
He'll start tracking next week. I went to mfa with him.
We are getting ready to launch a Humongous Global Drum Circle on April 7th in Nairobi and in Wash. DC ... video and Internet ... interactiv
Hi Cindy go to facebook and vote for ur favorite song and we will be working on it :) Have an awesome week
Talk about Ron Paul
Time for a little gun shopping today! Thanks Brett!
aren't you just the cutest! Lol we're doing great though thank you :]
Relieving Hatcher of his duties must have been tough for Scioscia - they were teammates on the '88 Dodgers . Maybe he joins Gibson in AZ?
RT : Just saw the commercial working at the BMV makes me relize how many ppls lives are really saved by saying...
Ouch! I don't envy you! Looking trim was one of the few benefits of the job. :P Start a new job tomorrow. ;-)
Very cool, thanks for the invite
anticipation.... It's making me wait... Making me wait lol
.: True who ever plays Whitney in her biopic doesnt have to look like her, but it would help if there's a resemblance. We say Rihanna.
LSHMSFOAIDMT = Laughing so hard my sombrero falls off and I drop my taco.
Actions speak louder than words.. that explains y its so quiet
Off to Punta Cana nice and early with beautiful !
Excited for Verve Session networking event... Talking #2012goals tonite!
Roll down the window turn it on up pour a little crown in the Dixie cup get the party started
Good morning Baltimore! Both locations R open & ready 2 wrap! We have lots of non-sugary treats that make great Easter & Passover gifts
Yeah right. Tell that to Johnson in the Pitt game I think, hit him in the boot, no kick and Toronto waived it off!
stupid little arguments <<<<<<<
oh cool lmao!
Now I know why they call the anesthesia "twilight"-- because of all the human blood I was about to ingest.
HAHAHAH our life...
me too. It was terrible. A lot of racism on individual crews. I was in N East non con.
Told my self that I was only gonna stay up tell 1 at the most..........yeah it's now 5am
thanks Sharon! U 2! :) & I hope u had a great meet up last wk! :)
Who received or gave books as Christmas gifts this year? What books?
:-) I'll eMail it to you in a few.
Stop what you doing and check out the TEAM
Twitter is suggesting I follow Michelle Bachmann and Mark Cuban. What a pair. Too funny.
Some good presentations so far. Can't wait for our turn
I just scored my "Stud Stache" on as I cruise through Oklahoma
Rise & Grind is back...Let's go!!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
thanks so much! BTW, I think we're located across the street if you ever want to connect in person
2-way text messaging is now live...text "Shift" to the number and we will respond with your next shift :).
Woke up and found out my #Celtics won
Talking old zaxbys days and how i dated of the female managers in 07..i was on it then lol
#IKnowThisOneGirl She's beautiful, sweet, funny, amazing, unique, and she's reading this right now :)”
What would Bear Grylls do?
send you what?
happy & single is better than taken & unhappy!
bring foam ear plugs... LRAD sucks.
I deserve the best, fuck the rest.
Shows tonight! Craft spells and The Drums at Neumos , or Hounds of the Wild Hunt at Barboza!
Sad missed the wizards first win at #livestrong park but I did get to see louis ck do stand up at the comic strip in nyc tonight!
Congrats Howard Jacob of for winning the Scripps Genomic Medicine Award for work pioneering clinical WGS!
What are you doing tonight, NYC? Drop in to our Tech class. Bring a date. May be spark up a romance... We are "Ooh La La"ing for 2...
you got it buddy, shoot me a DM and well work it out...
thanks a million angel! Hehehehe!! :) yayayayy
Peggy Lowry, 81: former math teacher loved the Lord - Atlanta Journal Constitution
so how've you been? We haven't talked in like forever!!!
yes I will be there Saturday morning rain or shine. Start time is 8am sharp to 11am with 6 to 10 yr olds
Awesome. Thanks for the reminder
thanks honey, but i think that might overwhelm me; i'm looking for gut reactions.
Not pleased with the draft srcset for responsive images. Ugly, ugly markup.
lol hi buddy, my last tweet equals me on my level.
Booking my ticket to go watch the Phillies kill the Yankees in the world series!!! :)
Thank you Algeria!
Going up up up the French Alps in a cable car. Chamonix is lovely :)
But in all seriousness ... it would b nice to have an education debates w/peeps like MRhee vs ABach supporters.
I love Al Pacino. Watching "Simone"
sure! <333 ill add you right now (:
TONIGHT ! Animals Eat Animals opening from 6-11pm JOIN US! Get into it!
Oh, no, it's not mine!! ;) & I are dog sitting this wknd. It's part chihuahua, part poodle.
can't wait to see you tomorrow!!!!!
Just going to college with scotty mccreery and kid rocks son next year
Good news from our bank, they're doing same day merchant account approval for 70% of our customers!
which miguel song...looking at maybe adding it this week...but dont know...
As of press time, there were somewhere in the region of 14 billion commemorative gestures aimed at the 100th anniversary of the Titanic’s
Cannot wait for this US Women's game oh and also Alex Morgan and Tobin Heath <33333
thanks for the follow. we r truly honored.
thanks evonne! we've got some great photobooth shots of you...stay tuned
LOL! Damn Foreign Cars! RT I swear every older model Toyota Camry I see has a hubcap or two missing
you didn't miss much - i was not a fan. Red with small red polka dots.
Panel with at , LAT Festival of Books. 10:30, Saturday.
How I abhor this place, its sweet and bitter taste has left me wretched, retching on all fours
I'll see your bird and raise you one either about to give birth or recently did stray cat hanging around my porch.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Killed me w/that one! <3
your gonna get a tiny little niece to love on, hope you all bought some premie sized stuff send me a pic ;) I love babies
Please follow me!!! iv been watching the same ustream!!! been trying for ever!!! <3 notice me?
Thanks for follow - I'll be traveling to Amsterdam next month. Looking forward to it!
A shame that RU-NB students and faculty seem content to be "The State Univ of some of New Jersey" How about more DT coverage?
#HomeFromTexasFrightmare Thanks You guys rock.
There's a social media bfst this morning with speaker from : Great speaker for NCMPR maybe? follow
If I could be 1 out of 21 million.
RT RT : Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 comes to the PC, Xbox 360, and PS3 on Nov. 13, 2012, according to the game's sit
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
Letting go of all of my worries & doubts and jumping in head first.
Logged me out, I logged in again, still says inactive.
Tomorrow's gonna be the most boring day...
was hoping you wouldn't ask. Has taken 3 years. Many nights of brushing my leg or peeing on the floor, but now I think I got it!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana cold banana blows
I miss my ladies! #DMB & #ALE <3
Waking up is all I ask for but morning TL
oh boy I got a bunch coming up just wait
I know, isn't it great? It's as if I have interesting rubbish to talk about on here... I guess I've become a good Twittererer!
i wanna be browiski of the month or week. im in love with u. ur funny,smart, & talented (: could u retweet me or mention me plzz
SEND ME NUMBERS :D ill rate icon , username , &' bio (:
Hanging with #Prince PoppyCock, Tamyra Gray and more at the official LA Pride kickoff party!
#NothingFeelsBetterThan hearing your #beats playing behind a new #hit on the radio.
thank u!
while I understand the analogy, i have to say that in my limited experience, floaties sped the swimming learning process!
I feel the need to ask a Truther if I am actually typing this.
I KNOW!!! Ahh look at our boys! Haha
Getting excited for next week's TMRE in Orlando.
Elliptical has to be the most boring, miserable, uninspiring workout! And my toes hurt!!
Found out yesterday that estrogen causes cancer but one can never have enough testosterone. Explains a lot. Making the trip?
Sudden Death! will be screening all this month in Tokyo. To all of our friends to the west, please go & have a great time!!
About to film at St. Casimir, they've been holding vigils after the parish was closed. Now they will be reopened by April 1st!
Some of the most successful cause marketing programs are Active Point of Sale. via
At night I lock the doors so no one else can see ;)
how about toll topics?
bahaa softball bodies
whats the word? any good parties?
The MAIN reason, I did redid them was cos work said I can have them, and im always going to have these scars of them might as well look cute
love New Reflections! Best massage ever. Enjoy!
DSJKDSJDASKJ <3 GOAL - Lets Try To Get To Follow Us Before Christmas (:
sucks boss.
“Sometimes I pretend to be normal; but then it gets b-o-r-i-n-g, so I go back to being me.”
thanks so much! I'm waiting for my flight to Dublin now !
oh cool! Studying what? What company? What does the company do? I sing all kinds of things. Pop, rock, country stuff like that.
Tweet tweet
utilize it! I'll be thinking bout you.
My background is musical comedy theatre and that's really where my training is
Your bestfriend can be the person who lies to you the most, better yet your bestfriend could be your worst enemy.
It's a D answer! Denver is part of the name.
Former #badgers long snapper Kyle Wotja signs a free agent deal with the #bears who need a LS following an ACL injury
I'm sorry, but it would be impossible for us to hear you over the UT songs being blasted in this bar!
Ok you're a goon what's a goon to a goblin???
“: The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA. #RIPMCA”. This is really cool
Husky right? lol. I always loved those dog breeds
"UnCONVENTional Thinking"
We can do drop shipping for you...and thanks for helping us with SustainAbility - we're super thrilled about being included!
Response of "purple" when asked what kind of Iris I have in my garden is probably not winning me points in the garden club. So.Much.2.Learn.
We've been receiving some wonderful and inspiring stories :) please keep sending them in! I'll email you all back soon :)
Taco Buenos fish tacos are better than fuzzys
My dad was right..I thought he was being arcastic when he said"there's going to be big storms tonight" O_O
Sie wissen nicht, was? I was questioning the effectiveness of a clever tagline in English on a Portuguese website.
#edshow Does it bother DEMS that OBAMA's fundraising with M&Ms ? Misogynists, Marxists & Morons ?
haha. Maybe next time I'll break out with the Mr T look lol
I licked a tire for truth or dare. Thanks Colton... I can never pass up a dare.
At beauty salon. Brazilian night at Rasputin tonight. Ready to compete with brazilian beauties: ).
Thanks for the #HAPPYMONDAY mention, how have you been?
it's got great depth ... of field!
This is awkward...
NC & GA passed some archaic laws, PA is tring to destroy pub schools, and Mich is overseeing and not allowing locals to govern
And yes I know: "Yo dawg I heard you like startup ideas..."
My motivation to go to school has gone from a 0 to a -100
I agree! There are many variables to making ACO's successful, and EHRs are just one of those variables
i wish i couldcatch them out of S.D ~ have a great trip!
Oh how nice, The Dangerous Summer talks shit about ATL even though ATL are the people who helped them get signed!
I really wish I could see the last girl I went on a date with...we really had chemistry.
All of the last 6 tweets I just tweeted were a joke a blond joke u have to read them all to get the joke, don't forget to RT it if u like it
"I saw it in your eyes that night at the movies"
Nice! Which store? RT : Good coffee karma: the guy in front of me, buying the last of the in the store,...
yes, I feel better now that I've had my 3rd juice (greens with Apple- my fav!). Thanks! :)
Your just a rude person
the found an ocean on saturn!!! why am I the only one excited...
Tweet tweet butterfly 11!
It's shitty but academia needs to be exposed for what it is not. You don't deserve to be shunned. Chin up. Chin up.
"Dr. Atlanta" is a first rounder for sure!
I wanted to be ur first follower!!
Channeling disappointment and frustration into creative solutions...how do we teach that?
Thank you so much for adding us to your America list! /America
This week I'm reading Wonder by R. J. Palacio for #fridayreads and it is so good.
Nick Stahl reported missing. There's dark clouds swirling above this news, if you ask me.
"Education is the most powerful tool you can use to change the world."
Be safe tonight everyone! You have to be alive to make it on Thursday!
RT : Congrats #emac undergrads on a great set of capstone presentations. Now go graduate!
Heading to school! Whoo its Thursday I get to help with a carnival after school!:)
“: Other day I went an hour saying Ubaldo was starting for tribe and it was Lowe. I felt like such a jackass...” well you are
ah i finally reached 1,000 followers!!! :) im so excited! thanks you guys! :)
We're all in agreement, right? PowerPoint is the devil's work.
“: Note to self: must attend #phillyete 2013” but soon you can watch all videos. Stay tuned in the coming weeks
you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule. I probably won't follow back.
I Danced With My Technology Teacher (x
THEY DON'T GIVE ME ENOUGH
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
thanks for the mention!
Awesome! has raised >$600, >$480, $670, >$770! spread the word and make a difference!
oh okay :)
Bitch don't be a snitch if rap don't work out then I'm tryna sell bricks ima take a swing hope I don't miss
so, your legs were extra hairy?
Anyone interested in a adorable, free little yappy dog? I am almost sure my neighbor won't miss it & I know I won't
thank you!<3
That is awesome! Great show!
so who won the cruise
This girl on the bus behind me bumpin Soul Survivor 2. That's wassup!!
Heres a thought, why doesn't Carine Flack run off with Olly Murs and leave Directioners, and Larry alone?
RIP Jr. Seau.
and sometimes old media is skipped. I saw the lines for Hunger Games on my facebook feed, didn't need news!
It's icy in the NYC Metro area, please be extra careful today!
X FACTOR DEDICATES TODAYS SHOW TO MJ ON FOX NOW
Shoulder is sore as heck man
": Anybody ever had this conversation before, "OK if we get caught, here's the story...""
Lol I dunno. Thought if try something new 😁
that happened to me when I first started playing on line. now I just have carpal tunnel syndrome in the left hand!
Google maps has changed their fonts and I'm feeling anxious about it.
now that I'm happy without you by my side you came back to me. Lol nigga u can go and jump off a bridge. i dont give 2 fucks about ya.
won't get an argument from me on that one :)
I'm out in phoenix for a week, so lots of pool side time.
Watching fight clips on youtube
Not sure. Maybe first week of school if I go back to B-school to speak again.
yeah finding a design u like that works for what your doing is always hard.
Cause I'm not here to fight about who's wrong or right. I just want your kiss. I wanna feel just like this 💗
#ThoughtsWhileRunning a lot
You don't need a degree to succed!
haha, fair enough. If you put it somewhere readable, link plz?
If the girl sitting next to me can sing as well as she hums she is in good shape
going to today for my mom's graduation.... NO SCHOOL!
- He's in a strange mood today. is behind the bar tonight so you all better be there.
it was weird hearing u talk all Denver sports last night lol. Hope they have u back on again
Happy Birthday
Things i can't live without? My Somaphony shirts of course!
Thanks so much for the follows, & the follow baks yhu guys #MuchLove :D
I'm impressed you built them a computer!
#TwitFactoid People with cute pix or hot, racey ones always have thousands of followers even if they r a bore!
iron & wine, mumford & sons and panic! at the disco just know how to make my life fantastic.
Who describes a beer as "sunflower-seedy"? #adoucebag,that'swho
Thanks for the RT on teh Digital PBL resources and I hope that help out others in your PLN!
i dont know what to do to show him how much i care, i tried sticky notes and so a-hole took them off his car! i will slap whoever it was!!
Just finished my latest stint as an archives volunteer. Feels good, man! Wrote 2 finding aids, practiced my EAD & processed ~13 linear ft.
thx for sharing! RT : It’s a Wonderful World when I get to Hear this song! Follow and RT – “Whisper”...
Wednesdays aren't only the halfway mark to the weekend, they're CLINIC PICNICS!
And who knew the Islanders are named after the Mets (after a fashion)?
Hey what's up are you at the game bro?
DAN DAN DAN! Dan all over your body! You just got raped...
Great. Jones is under construction and now I'm going to be insanely late. Las Vegas roads KILL ME.
Think we can get to pull that ad?
Y'all. WHY?! RT : Rick Perry called Kim Jong Il "Kim Jong the Second"? *HOLLERS*
So I like you, and you like me. Tell me why aren't we dating again?
Got to start saving up for that apartment even though i have a whole year to wait.
#mlanet12 Whoo hoo got all of my stuff in Google Calendar! Doh! poster #'s did not come over in import. Sigh...that is for tomorrow
I have a follower! Thanks !!
I often turn to Spotify for soundtracks. The King's Speech is lovely in the background, as is The Fountain, others!
RT : Wanted to remind everyone that I will be performing at the annual 'Broadway Blessings' at St. John the Divine... http:/ ...
I beat the dick up , call me head hurter
Let me see... You sell twitter followers, but you only have 21 of your own?
Can we do video streaming of the conference workshops...and video recording for download instead of just recordings for sale?
Super Shuttle?! (feb 20) Dude...that's what having friends are for. Call us, gorramit!
Kinda bummed that Devon isn't going to be a Steeler. But really happy for him.
Thanks for the retweet on having an "all or nothing mentality."
Got the outlining done for the first part of my half sleeve today =D
good luck! Once you master driving manual, you can pretty much drive anything!
My night is to text
event: Can universities save cities? USC President Nikkias suggests rephrasing question: how do they lift up cities?
Go to the Queen Victoria (inside the Riv) and mention twitter between 5-8pm and you will receive $4 off any entree.
Of course there's no cuts and no bruises because he wasn't attacked. He was the attacker.
NO SWEETY NEVER THAT LOL ITS RAP FETISH ITS MY MUSIC GROUP I PRODUCE AND MANAGE
Once again, we can dispense with #NotreDame in early September. People, it's over.
I went sky diving, rocky mountain climbing.
"Psychotic Reaction" is on air from 4-5!
The Doc Chey's Breakfast with Santa is sold-out, but there are still 10 tickets left for the event
this is how I get thru... like the blogger I love the distraction audiobooks provide
Funny thing is, we was never that cool.. lol tf..
Give me your email & password
wow what?
c'est un p'tit bijou ca! J'aime bien :-)
When choosing between an escalator or stairs - take the stairs! Leaders don't take short cuts. Keep smiling.
I seriously want to know what's for lunch? lol
very few!!
64 degrees in KC today. Who wants to play some baseball?
Tomorrow night at 6pm come see at Celebration OP! will be also be performing LIVE!
TGIF!!! Hooray, I love Fridays!!
G'morning my buddy!
Homework time  does anyone have this whole week off from school?
She has three baby boys
Fairfax High School
you really dont....
Might make it powerful, yet bittersweet. Maybe a rapper with lyrics a little less...murdersome.
"Ignorance is bliss." I hate how true that is.
Smiling every moment is a gift!
If u use the term lego go killurself please
Food poisoning from was not on my #DCbucketlist but "check" anyways!
My healthcare insurance will also come to an end in July.
Tonight at Hollywood theater PDX a wrestling documentary followed by Q&A with
I was drinking vitamin water before I read that's it bad...any drinks you can recommend?
Checked out EMPEROR OF THE NORTH today. Solid b-movie...Lee Marvin needed an eyebrow trim. Climatic fight with Marivn and Borgnine was sad
The end ?
thanks Shawn. Really appreciate that!!
<==== My, my, someone's witty today
I don't plan on killing myself, but if I did, I would definitely do it with "Video Games" on repeat
Depends on the mess! The polite thing would actually be for them to offer to clean!
Seeing a nice, sweet, amazing person end up with a disrespectful, mean, pathetic slag literally makes me break down into tears
well she has an agent and is an actress and whatnot, I'm not sure how big the movie will become. she got the part and suggested
Nevermind...wrong queen
We tend to have more glitches or issues with the uploading process.
I really miss one call
Metra, don't announce trains running 10-15 mins late and then have there be no train in sight after 25 mins. Can't you suck a little less?
Not random at all Kari was there for the glory days and I want the brothers to fight it out
AH AUSTIN!!!
Thank you Nic!! :)
Eek! I am so freakin blissed out right now after an amazing weekend.
Hehe, new episode of Spongebob(: maybe Austin's watching it
Sephora #unionsquare will be holding a #bridalevent THIS Saturday and Sunday with TONS of different brands showcased
now it's all up to the not to win every preseason game and destroy all hopes for the season. C'mon Lions, save it 4 Dec.!
: You're very welcome, Sascha!
Special congrats to our team. We've been named a finalist in 3 separate categories for 's 2011 Silver Anvil Awards. Cheers!
This is ridiculous
unpacking just to pack again.
What?! Valentine's day is trending? Man, Valentine's Day is OVER!!!
Life is too short to nurse one’s misery. Hurry across the lowlands, that you may spend more time on the mountaintops. - Phillips Brooks
o im ready all 175lbs pounds of me bout to go ham
135 fa now but I'm bout to get the he'll out of maintenance
Thank you for the #MACmoms ultimate makeover
boy talk that talk to me
: Do you know the results regarding Washington HS teachers having to re-apply for their contracted positions?
A man who has no principle, gains no interest.
Saturday tix for the scored! Stoked to check out five amazing films!
You are very welcome! Looking forward to reading your tweets. Have an amazing week!
Ladies if you bend over and wiggle and your front jiggles more then the back, you shouldn't be doing that ........
Children of Bodom - Downfall
tune into right now (91.7 FM/WMSE.org) to hear a live in-studio performance from Delhi 2 Dublin. The play Turner Hall tonight!
My day started off bad.... /:
Is Nat Lib Medicine a government organization? If so, they wouldn't do a bake sale b/c of liability, right?
What's for lunch?
At grandmas
Planning on doing an Appalachian trail run today assuming it warms up! It's frosty up on the mountain at the moment.
Have him send an email to - that's your man for Amateur Spotlight pieces
Studio Bound Lets get it in ....#BAMSQUAD....#OsOFRESHGANG.....We stay fitted
like I'm pretty much 🏃on like 5 hours and I could give two 💩 about the Kashmir border conflict
So Knology can't provide support for the Internet products but their billing department can still bill me for something that doesn't work?
A kiss can be a comma, a question mark or an exclamation point. That's basic spelling that every woman ought to know. Mistinguett
Good workout
Forgot how hilarious eight crazy nights was
Thanks for coming!
Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for." -Bob Marley
lmao you know it
my brother is the only person that likes any of his status'
JUS TOLD that ill have to miss out a few weeks but once we get on that court together it will be over for others
Great #uwebc event coming up on 11/3 - Web Optimization - how to drive the customer experience with the right data.
Amazing gig last night back home in Chicago! So great to have friends and fam come out to support. Feeling the love
January 2nd, everybody! One more day in the paradise!))
cause I'm at work now and my boss is cool as hell!
watch Law Abiding Citizen or you're dead to me
following back and what is it
I think Chelsea's victory was good for the overall EPL competition this season; looking forward to the busy holiday time!
that was cute!!!
In need of my glasses... -__-
If you are having difficulties with your web host, maybe I can be of assistance?
Friendship: The emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends.
S/O to the beautiful <<<<< FUCKING GORGEOUS
Puppy, why do you have to be so cute in the morning before I leave for school? ):
It's a fickle beast. 1st time I quit, I went CT w/ no withdrawl symptoms at all. 2nd time was wretched (though not 6 days).
u stay busy!!! But I'm not mad!
Just downloaded Wide Awake! killer track.
Bebe's kids are outside in the hills for real....
Thanks, Alaina. I'll try to get these on for 6 or 10 pm.
I want to think happy thoughts and focus on the great memories, too. But one of the greatest "gifts" I can give this year is compassion.
In honor of #StPatricksDay Pastoral is offering two unique cheeses from Ireland. Come give them a try!
It really hurt my feeling, though. It's cool. I know it was funny :)
Twitter has given me new appreciation for
what's wrong!?
Shitty night in #NY sports...
That explains his earlier Tweet before the game - Rattled right now
hey, you know I'm a packer fan. That's offensive
Now that people mostly text or communicate through social media in a relationship. Is it ok to break up by text after two months?
First I do like this I put a look on my face like I smelt some piss....
Life handed me a pile of doodie, good thing life equppied me w/2 hands & a pooper scooper....fling!!!!
Getting Shop close to opening ..... By my Birthday Weekend for sure. So Thursday Friday by the latest I WILL BE OPEN!!!
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model & friend me April lakergirl Bynum #FF also me Qa
Are N-Type and Youngsta really playing support DJ's for Paris Hilton when she's in London? Cuz that's what the Internets is sayin'. Truth?
Zack and hanging out
the ambiguity was intended.
nvm I can hear him watching disney channel
Gym Class heroes
Just blew that loud pack RIP Otis I love you fam continue to watch over me !
finally getting around to that new #feist album. bout time.
More artists added. Check it out - www.revosandiego.com/friends
whoever said tanguay. Looks like Sally Jesse Rafael is 100% right
i wish i was dat nigga u felt like dat about
Migraine Headaches Medical Marijuana Doctor __ marijuana-license.com
Hickies are disgust.
Hey Brian, all well in SXSW? Come by the Mashery party this pm? Or the Circus Mashimus at 445?
Ugh poor me klaut and all :(
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense regardless of how it turns out
#COLDWORLD... IS THE TATT I GOT ON MY CHEST. IM FROM CLEVELAND WAT ELSE U THOUGHT IT WAS FOR. AND NO NOT THE WEATHER.
lol you the slowest txter EVER
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
Thank God my cocker's hair grows back, all 3 got summer cuts, they look almost bald, but still cute. I had to cry :(
Very impressed by Wiley Plus
Super shocked. Gross.
Yes! We made it! 1000 followers strong! Thanks to all of you for making amazing!
Confusing me with questions like #HYFR : like. Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Doyou ever get nervous
Chilly post-glacial air! Burr.
Newt has overstayed his welcome!!! Romney has bought the GOP nomination!!!
haha I'm sure you know a lot of Matts. What's new?
Crap I was supposed to ping you to swing by today and got slammed. Around tmw?
Lots of sports to dissect this week. The Tribe nears the Home Opener. The Buckeyes fall to Kansas. NBA and NFL mock drafts.
Networking, nationally-recognized speaker & ballgame: 5/11 5pm-? Clipper Stadium, Pinball Suite. Incl cash bar. Register:...
I love your dedication, just not your team. Go #Blackhawks!
yo closest friend can be yo enemies...
things are planned out really well
just an update: STILL don't know how i feel about lana del rey.
Bloody Brunch is in need of re-useable, eco-friendly shopping bags to use for our swag bags. If your biz has a few to donate please DM!
Hi WVUMTeam! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Thanks!
Not really excited about this awards day tomorrow I'm not getting shit lol
Band of your future: www.leatherfeather.net
If #TheBlueManGroup ever talked, they'd probably be
I've been doing well reading guides and adding good people from matches, just probably need to learn new roles vs AI.
.: There's no evidence she did anything but she's a slut so she must die.
Thanks so much! We enjoyed having you participate on the panel. Great presentation as well!
Thanks Uniquity, very cool to say!
Well begun is half done. ~ Aristotle
We have opportunities ACROSS THE UNIVERSE. So can you!
I haven't been on here that much either. Trying to get back into it- just don't have the time lately! How are you?
This is getting old..
Good job!
Parenting: High school cheer coach dismissed after rant directed at squad. Justifiably dismissed or are we too sensitive?...
Trying to figure the bill at Ocean Prime during reataurant week.
u aint kno? RT : What? RT : Lebron still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever. Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four
ME AND U BABY STUCK LIKE GLUE LOV YAH PEYTON!:)
there are some days when being a grown up scares the daylights outta me.
haha :) have you confronted someone?
Why haven't the bears drafted an O-lineman yet?!?!
Huge thanks to early followers like !
Pump up the beats. Got to make studying bearable.
sometimes i wish i never met you. but then again i know i would miss you. love sucks.</3
Today feels like a drag ...
the bigger question is what would YOU do without ME? ;)
Hugo's winning tonight. So far.
Man Card revoked.
I wish they would resign him! Let him retire where he started! He's still my all time fave.
Agreed. >> ": lizzie mcguire totally taught you how to be a good friend"
So pumped to go get brunch with and ! Banana french toast is screaming my name.
is Denard Robinson going to NY for Heisman? Why isn't he getting more press for the recordbreaking year he is having!!
Ain't no woman alive that could take my mommas place.
best Tweet of the day
Yeah it does.that's how it was with my parent's only roles reversed. Tough, just gotta give them time.
#FollowSkyBlu throwing u some love :)
looking forward to Jones vs Evans!
Woot! RT : woo happy birthday to !! mine is next week :)
happy mothers day, mothers! xo to all my friends
The only parts of Glee I watch/pay attention to are when Blaine is performing...so attractive
Count Benjamin Thompson Rumford~ Nothing surely is so disgraceful to society and to individuals as unmeaning wastefulness.
CFT: Ark., LSU to play day after Thanksgiving again
Daily S/O going to my team/ppl I fuck with
where can I find a schedule of the races you are going to be at, all classes
I love looking into the mirror after a good haircut and thinking "I look ten years younger than I did yesterday."
For someone with such exciting clients, I lead a pretty boring life.
The biggest thing Southerners & high plains folk have in common is their love of storytelling. <3
it was because of his age
IP Cores support motion processing in mobile devices.
Watching The Larry Sanders Show on Netflix and then later watching Garry Shandling host SNL on Netflix is a time machine like no other
Hair is being a total knob
: So effing addicted to the Scramble. Dang.
Denver survives.
Well some do.
j-j-j-j-juice
^Can you keep up with your kids?
Who says nothing is free in life? We offer free screen set ups! No screen fees! Order custom shirts @ inkscreens.com
Tim Thomas is standing on his head
doing some bari sax tracks and enjoying my poor man's in-ear monitors
Funny which of those I think of first. Good ol' Troy.
Well, you know, I was a human being before I became a businessman. – George Soros
Soon hopefully. I ♥ Miami! What part u from?
I wish there were more hours in the day!!!
The right place to stage your art...
Gonna be with the bestie, my baby Jazz tomorrow, celebrating her aunts baby showerr💗👶💗 Goodnight Everyone 🌙
I hope all is well in NYC, stay safe!
Called at 8am.Hung up on by 9am. Waiting for still. Time Warner call to buy their package was a breeze
uh. no, my concert is September 17th.
just pm me its cool
What that's so beautiful, how did I not go?! ps. your such a blog connoisseur now
haha your so small.
Don't miss Abduction at the Varsity Theater this weekend!
you are absolutely correct!
Way to represent CSU! Women's golf recap: Rams finish 4th in BYU at Entrada Classic
just saying eww ...like I wouldnt hit that pussy ...free or not
new year vibes
Man drinkings fun. Haven't gotten faded with and Bustos in a while what gives?
Stop! :O
Just got the cutest valentine's postcard from !
I love disneyland on Sunday morning. Short lines. Long fun :)
At the Council of Carnuntum in November 308, Diocletian forced Maximian to once again renounce his imperial claim
Today, i witnessed kindergarteners "smoking" fake cigarettes. Thats terrible. They dont need to be exposed to that kind of stuff.
MIL faithful execute Beast Mode behavior behind dugout after W chez Bailout. Semisonic plays on PA.
Hahaha fucker! RT : Now I realize its awesome~ living close to :}
Why what happened
can't we just print more money or something?
*more hugs* to the family. Hope everyone feels better soon.
saw the new nike dallas cowboys jerseys at work tonight... they're pretty sick
Back in the saddle... guess if Tom Hanks can tweet, maybe i can too!
#whosgonnalose - New Mexico Bowl - Fresno State v Wyoming - Wyoming will lose
#Victorious and #iNickelodeonShow Somebody wants to trend this? Let`s help then !!! #Victorious and
Leslie's campaign sign is the fucking best.
Now is the time! You deserve a vacation! Specials are right there waiting for you!
Sitting at the Gordon Biersch in Rockville,Md. The Octoberfest beer is great. Try the 1liter mug. Wow!
when? At school?
Greg Jennings is a monster I'm watching him on royal pains getting dog by a girl doctor about a game in 09 vs the Vikings on catch Greg
I am not here for you
RT : 3 Yr Anniversary Party tomorrow! Don't forget to RSVP for the COMPLIMENTARY wine tasting 6-8PM.
I would love to!
Websites that can't 'talk' to or seem so archaic now
chanterelles on toast w/ duck egg, beausoleil oysters, benedict with bentons ham, pickled cherries, and hickory nuts, brunch, rootstock, now
#ShowerFlow fa a min!!
Ah, Mother's Day. RT Only 7 more days to buy a supermarket bouquet for the only woman who loves you unconditionally!
didn't ask.. Haha jk but seriously, it wasn't that good.
indeed; gods help my love handles. btw, when are you due? I swear your baby will be doing crossfit straight from the womb. :)
The in Two Union Sq (Seattle) redefines stellar customer service - daily. They know names, move quickly & have fun. Love it!
Friday night aka my Tuesday, effffffff!
Since then, neither God nor Man has rested
Happy birthday to anyone who has a birthday today.
good night
Alright, well holler at me when you get online
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. - Play Alganon
Love that is here, of course!! Tap that, Neighbor!
diddys first on screen appearance was monsters ball.
attn marketing/ comm students: is a great follow for ideas on internships, etc!!
seriously? The MLS champions get to go to the White House, to me, that makes the Packers visit less significant
one day I'll spoil you haha with food, cats and sequins =)
You're welcome! :)
One hour 'til the Hunger Games begin!!!
its there a 'i don't like' button? haha
“: Not only did a team fall in love with you Robert but a city has as well. #redskins #RGIIIinDC”” Entire #Redskinsnation !
Vacation is over, back to reality and work in the morning!
Oh now that you have the two of them it's like I don't exist, fine just remember two can play at that game
Did I mention there were Cocktail Monkey Rings at my booth at Urban Craft Uprising?
*txt* not in the slightest. Only worse -_-
in order of funniness RT “: Funny people to follow: , , , , ”
creative motivation: when your mind is full of indecision, try thinking w/ your heart
It's a young couple's return to Cleveland told through the lens of the 2007 Cleveland pro sports year.
Congrats! You are officially the best looking member of our #manly revolution!
come down to and chill with my homegirls at our table! :)
Somebody hacked into my Twitter account. Please ignore any recent messages that you've received from me.
YALL STILL GOING TO LOSE BOTH GAMES IN THE PACERS HOME I BET MONEY ON THAT JUST WATCH...THEN COME TALK TO ME
You're vey welcome!
Who practices their guitar and singing skills at 4am?! Apparently my neighbor!
HE HAS A TUMBLR?! :O
If you ever need social media or pr help let us know!
yoga tree? do you know where else Howard from Aha teaches?
Anyone interested in being in one of my upcoming iOS games ?
waking up to screaming hbu
The avengers was dope but is long as fuck!
Thanks for following. Happy to connect here and follow back!
Chilling. What yo inside the vanilla wafer looking ass been on?
if he does he will be just another player somewhere, if he stays he's a legend,the choice is his. No one bigger than the team
Thanks for the RT -- and for your strong support of our work here in the District!
"trying to find a peer-reviewed article on hydraulic fracturing and how it's bad for groundwater supplies" more reference action
baddest movie ever!!!
Nikas gay keep DM'ing asking for my number.
I just got challenged by a brother in Christ. I'm up for it. Iron sharpens iron.
RT : Bank of America received a $1.9 billion tax refund from the IRS last year, even though it made $4.4 billion in profits.
all that tornado damage? three miles from my house. lol. i heard the sirens, looked outside, saw nothing, proceeded to watch TV. :)
Early morning on the mission trip...still looking good
Hahaha. Was like crack for my ADD. That part of my personality loved twitter. New stuff every 5 seconds.
Stuck in an airplane that's delayed... Missing my touring crew
thanks, same to mb! :)
Nice skateboard
Holding penalties at the worst point in games! | #Willie Colon
In that Clippers win, Mo Williams randomly had 7 threes....can't see that happening again lol.
We are in need of a senior marketer for our company. Time to take off, and encounter new venture$ in the world!
I had problems with it all day for pretty much everything- email, agent mountain, etc
Ain't that the truth! RT : Everyday is a horrifying adventure for skittish dogs.
Target is where I got my friend's baby stuff.
“: Hahah. I cannot stand Debra Messing!! RT : #smash on #NBC makes me want to smash myself in my face!! Ugh...” -agreed!
Next Monday, we'll be joined by the Chris Hanson Band (feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy) at 7:30 for a night of music that can't be beat!
The stars at my house right now are unreal gorgeous.
Miami declares Durand Scott ineligible - USA Today Found on Bing
My friend's Mom takes her cat for a walk - she loves it! Make a trip to Petsmart and try it for fun!
#score! 2-0 #Marchand #Marshmont #game7 definitely looking like the more #aggressive team tonight
Three o'clock, hottest time of day, best time of day.
Join my email list and get my new music, and learn where I perform at next. Hit the inbox or at
#Xavier's own Derrick Brown with that travel call. Haha.
Bryan Putnam book music and lyrics...come to BBQ!!!!
yes, you're totally right. Tipping everyone under sun AFTER already paying bundle
i so agree with that
I miss them days lol
I'm so excited about seeing #Avengers again :D
Steffi is voting in the Wisconsin recall election today! Be sure to also wish her a
In honor of the day, I am having my BLT sandwich spread with cinco de mayo-naise
I am proud of my 3 pack a day cigarette smoking ass. I have worked out 6 days a week with 1 day rest. 3rd week
Fixin to get some hot chicken here in a minute. Been mixing these tracks for a few hours now. Somebody might die soon.
Hope #ZendCon has free red bull.
looks like you made the right decision :)
I'm a smelly fat man that has no friends :/
Our authentic Jamaican jerk special wraps are coming next week. Any preference for jerk chicken or jerk pork?
check to see if Greedo is driving that cab. If so you know what to do.
that's great. Good luck in your career :)))
That Sandwich Touched The Spot
Looking forward to speaking on business elevator speeches tomorrow evening!
My Papa John's email ended up in the spam folder. I almost missed out on free pizza!
We appreciate it, too (cc )
I don't wanna say it on twitter, but I'll tell u Monday cuz it wuld make u seem like a stalkerr:)))
Having an educational background in market research, statistical processes and consumer behavior---ideationEDGE.
5k Race this morning McAlpine Creek Park Charlotte NC benefitting
Bill Maher was off the hook this week! Best episode in years. Cornell West was a riot! I'd love to see him hanging in the WhiteHouse more.
When it comes to producers, my favorites are J Dilla, Just Blaze, Alchemist, and Clams Casino
she thinks you are... Idk
you're blocked.
I would like Qdoba for breakfast, but I know what it will do to my stomach once mixed with coffee 💩
I live in florida, that's not a zone anyone wants to near on anybody else!
for what?
Beards are the new Clark Gable mustache. Fact.
I think I might actually see The Cabin In The Woods
Never deal with what your heart cant take rt! Lesson Learned
Back at #SXAccel, eating almonds
They call me "Gilly Beat Tha Willy Make Tha Girls Go Silly" cause I got Stroke! Haha
I know you don't smoke weed, I know this; but I'm gonna get you high today, cause it's Friday, and you ain't got shit to do.
Make sure you have the proper ram before you install Lion
When you wake up with an awful headache <
Best thing to hear from client about taking over website updates: "It was built in Drupal by someone fired for incompetence."
is anyone streamin the guys part of the adam and eve thing?
it's the truth
Was down in Orlando last week at the Tapings. Impact Wrestling is looking good for the future. Hope your well
SNOW HARD TOMORROW, GEORGIA! SNOW! CANCEL CLASSES FOR ME!
Everyone have a happy and safe Halloween!!
Smh, all good though. Just one game. We'll be aight.
i want out of douglas really bad
Thanks for the RT :)
I love when you can reconcile old friendships and make them better :)
Lolol bro! D:
HAHA! Thanks, buddy! :)
What's the deal with all the spammers?
Thank you for the #FF & Word.
Lansing, MI!
Spending a Saturday morning having breakfast with my sister and boyfriend. Hooray!
They should be banned. ": HOLY SHIT NEIGHBOR PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAR ALARM"
Hungry for a late lunch? Our lunch special today is a delicious oven-roasted ocean trout. Hurry in, the special ends at 3pm!
just under Weeks glove..... just over Alcides head..... just under McGeHee's glove then E-6.... bases now loaded w/ 3 runs in WOW
"It doesn't cost a thing to smile - You don't have to pay to laugh...You better thank God for that." ::india.arie::there's hope::
I wish I could watch victorious and look at and be able to say she follows me on twitter.
Surprise, Happy Birthday Frank!!!
Praying for all my friends and fam on finals grind #jillybean and all others! Finish strong!
Thanks to the auto shop owner who stopped by. He just earned himself business if I'm ever stuck here again in Knapp, WI.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my advantage to do for it anything I can.
Audition today, and guess where?! IT'S AT THE HYATT IN CENTURY CITY! #vidcon2011 !!
can you guys hold the game for me? I won't be home until 8, don't want to miss anything!
welcome home
Sold out of the salad we made tonight! Sweet, smoky, salty, what am I missing?
you already kno what you gotta do bruh knock down shots nd lock up on d
u already a follower why not follow me?
Vote, #Buffalo! RT Round 2 for selecting the host city of #SoMeT starts at noon today! Help us beat El Paso, TX to advance.
Ugh!!! Goin 2 guitar recital!!! Extremely nervous!!! AH!!!
I appreciate the RT! :-)
Somebody needs to reinvent how books are written. Too much text, too little info. Chapters can be summarized in a sentence & bullet points.
totally! I'm bringing it to work tomorrow. You should stop by and check it out!
I love love love that people clap after a movie here!
"A press independent of governmental, political or economic control does not exist." - Exporting Press Freedom by Craig LaMay
- is doing a crazy shot on Guardians! Go !!!
DO YOU THINK IT'S GROSS HOW GIRLS GET THEIR PERIODS.
it's a pretty nice day thooooo :))
What's it like on the surface of Mars? Paul get a front row seat at NASA's Future Flight Central, this Sunday (5/1/10) @ 5:30pm on KRON4.
this fresh beat band show get on my nerves...
I'm a lightweight easy to fall, easy to break.
Okay… good luck with that #notwinning : im not writing off the bulls just yet”
he can score!
RT : Still so full and happy from our dinner at last night.
I left my heart in Stranglethorn Vale?
Thirsty dog cotta dog ipa now on draft.
The "What Makes You Beautiful" cover contest is as follows. You must make a music video ethier lipsyncing or actually singing the song.
Anthony Grant is trending and not in a good way.
I'm back, but it looks like I may be heading to FL in a few days... When do you want to come thru?
the and is not suppose to be there
Praise Dixie Fried
You ever fight a dinosaur? They can cause a variety of damage.
Celebrating America by knocking yourself out.
Right back at you! Excited for Art is Part of the Solution next week!
Come on in to Fashion Forty Lounge!! West 40th Street and 7th Avenue... right where you need to be!
Night cap blunt wit niggas is hurt after them games lol
Tweep Tweep looking for something good to eat!
Going to the ortho doc. today for my hands. Hope everyone is doing well! :)
A "RT" For A Re-Tweet
Yesterday you said tomorrow.
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. = F^ck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
Brody Boles at the meet fits in the locker
good to connect with you dude, hot tips welcome :)
