he is from Merrillville?? NICE
#mims12 final projects are starting in 2 minutes! The excitement is palpable.
The Hellraiser remake is going for a PG13 rating?!? Why don't they just call it Heckraiser while they're at it.
When you are mean and talk about people watermelons fall.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Our government is syncing more computers every day. Out-of-state child support orders FLY into Texas now.
#nsta12 needs an app for scheduling, maps, evals, etc.
love reading your emails everyday. great insight :) Keep em' coming!
congrats. Hope i see you at aam
I heard right, yes? That was an "O" from the crowd?
Thanks for RT, Preston!!
listening to bringing back some good memories
Open for business.
Ditto! RT Way past my bedtime but a great night! More fun in a few hrs at
If you knew me man, I don't really worry about a nigga tryin to Judge, who are you, Judy?
LMAO 50 Cent and Justin Bieber has been trending all day..
yea thats why we got Obama
RT : Do NOT lower your standards to "KEEP" anyone. Make them meet you at YOUR level. Self respect is POWER.
“: Thank you! I hope we can reconsider. Options available now. #medlibs” I think MLA is always reevaluating meeting sites. :)
Time Warner Cable service disruption in my area. No wifi and cable TV. Please send him
#Be careful what you say to someone today. Because tomorrow they may not be there. And you can't take it back.
Planning for a meeting needs to happen before EVERY meeting
how did we do??
Roses are red. Violets are blue! Faces like yours belong in the zoo. Don't be mad I'll be there too, not in the cage, but laughing at you.
Orono wins. Sure was a good game. Think I'll stay and watch Hopkins and EP.
I'll try not to!
yea I see lol
while they may be having some moderate success with social media, they are failing in all other aspects!
#deadcat “: And then my cat shit INSIDE my camera bag and ON my 50 1.4 and he sealed his fate.”
WTF?. My twitter is being stupid D:
Going to #threelionspub for the #loudmouthsoup show! Be there!
I knew and the other sharks would front on that Cougar gimmick. Good for them
Individuals control their behavior in order to control the behavior of others.
hahah way to go. You probably learned more at breakfast than we ever will in that class anyway.
LOL. You're wild. Too funny.
Thanks Bro.
Writing is the flip side of sex – it's good only when it's over. -- Hunter S. Thompson
Is Dwight Howard going to go or stay?
I hope theres a Gnarls Barkley album this year... that would make my year!
Offensive POY IS different. Alex Rodriguez in TX was best off plyr but not MVP because other players made their team better
Thanks for sharing the #SunStandStill quote. Have a blessed day and weekend. ^staff
i have to be in harlem by 7 am
Anyone know anything about the band All the Empires of the World? I can find little to no info on them, but they kick ass.
Best Western in downtown is the best "economy" hotel. You wouldn't have to rent a car. Close to everything!
No more interim spending bills . Cut US spending now. Adopt a budget and cut the ENTIRE $61 B. Time to do what is right.
RT : The NM Branch of SAG is hosting a SAG Awards Viewing Party on Sunday, January 29th at the Uptown Sports Bar! All......
The eagles have flown the coop. But this looks interesting, a live African Safari Cam. www.africansafaricam.com
I didn't get a note from you wtf
i just woke up and thought ITS MY MOTHA FUCKIN BIRTHDAY
The fat chick I brought home from the bar last month stole it.
For anyone in Philadelphia...pick up soccer at 6pm on 40th and Locust (the field across from Greek Lady)
Will you keep the monuments to Charles Nelson Riley and Kristen Chenoweth?
This Sunday we discuss Living in Spirit's Purpose
"When we the military youth of America come back home, we will need the help of the civilian population to rebuild a country that is in cris
Reunited with my boy Neako haven't hungout in a week lol
i want to be in #ABDC7 they would easily win this
#Heat take the series over the #Knicks in 5 games.
great movie the artist it did deserve the best spot. Lived it
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase." ~~Martin Luther King, Jr.
they do?
i'm happy to give you hand if you'd like.
Yeah! Thank you
yes ma'am, Texans for life.. Till you play for the skins
YES! : I wouldn't miss a ! How 'bout you?
Small Circle No New Niggas
I know I'll get a good grade because my teacher literally beat everything into my head, but it's AL over my facebook atm.
When pandora plays the exact song you needed to hear to feel better.
THANK YOU to everyone who join us for our opening launch in person (and in spirit from faraway). We enjoyed meeting all of you!
Going to academy after school today. Yay.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
« Praise God for another day!! if you're breathing, that's enough to thank Him. =)»
Great meeting you this weekend ! Now I can finally believe Matt when he says he has a legitimate job... I was starting to wonder
I look up to the sky and now the world is mine I've known it all my life I made it, I made it!
This episode of #MadMen is truly surreal.
New episode of Genuine Ken today... don't miss!
If they offer him, he's said in the past he'll definitely commit.
YES I AM!
So, don't open any DM's from me. They aren't really from me. I got hacked into :(
No sense of arguing with folks that are not where u are mentally or spiritually in life...just keep it moving...
Just be f***ing happy people
Getting a massage - badly needed after having been rear-ended by someone talking on his cell phone...
Houston looks awfully frustrated out there
RT : Call Me Maybe is the perfect way to start the day.
Congrats on the funding. We're excited to see what the future will bring for you!
I am not sure why Bogost requested that his talk not be streamed.
Thanks for the RT!
I have some students available for you.
General principles for USDE and TEA/#txlege similar. Devil in the detail's when it comes to taking the $$$.
turn the page. wash your hands. repeat.
Warn your friends if they sent you a DM saying "When I found this about you" with a link - they've been phished.
i work ALL weekend.
“: Celebrating a found treasure with BIL ” Won't be taking the wedding ring off so frequently anymore!! Sheesh!
Anybody woke up at 4am? I did today...now I'm worn out.
trying to get to bed early for once. completely shattered. although not successful since im on here. almost finished italian hw then
Can't ever see you the same after this one... RT : The #bieb is cooler than the other side of the pillow.
Testing an Android antivirus option for enterprise. It's been scanning SD card contents for 10 min. On a phone that has no SD card....
ahaha true true
true, all depends I guess...also looks like they jumped at the chance to hire an 'attractive' girl as well
look at you!! #HeadWomanInCharge! We need to plan for a date in the near future so we can meet and hang out!
Somebody SNAGGED ma GUCCI bagg shyt all folded n no damn bag to packum in
no dnt go without me ^.^
RT Looks like I'm going to planning a college night and a battle of the bands at The Haven! Any bands interested??? hit me up!
Psyched on the outcome.
as long as bio links r directed back your personal site/biz, by all means send over the info at :)
can't wait to rock out with you guys tonight at Fireday with !
Haley schooled the Durbinator tonight on stage presence and goes without saying perfect pitch.
I like it :) looks good
#milwaukee Rock Salt pallet for only $4.99/bag-50LB bags. 49 bags to a pallet and FREE SHIPPING! You can't beat that.
are u in love
I can't stand people who whine abut not having a love. first of all, u should stay young while u r a teen. always live life to its fullest
at the pike party listening to your fav song ! You should be here
thanks for including me in your daily :)
Would a Harry Kallas baseball be meaningful to people outside of Philly?
Keep up the good work. Thanks for the RT's!
Sleeping makes traveling time seem shorter
I was just bout to hit u up when I tweeted that!! Lol
": My bday Buddy!!! Watz Good boy?? Happy bday to u to!!!! RT happy birthday man"(imgud n thx)
Northside bound for a couple of days!!!
So wanna go out..ugh
Hm, when should i upload.....:P
Now I'm kicking myself all the more for not getting to 'Mongers before they sold out.
is it hard raising kids being in the lime light?
Looking good! Thanks for coming. :)
I'm confused, I'm not in vegas I'm in LA, weather is sick, 82 in this Bitch! I get back Thur. tho womp womp.
Come and enjoy your evening @ Kettner Night Art Walk tonight from 6 to 9! We will be there:):)
As much as I love being here with my niece and nephews, I'm ready to get my long list of things to do started.
Wind and Snow coming up this weekend! Welcome to Northern Nevada where "SPRING" means SNOW!!
No one ever gets tired of loving. But everyone gets tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry, and hurting
Kirsten. Look at shoes by Think. They have wonderful colors.
Lol...these high school kids nowadays..much to learn
YOUR MOM!
Ok, well SOMEONE had better bring to PDX. I need to see &
RT : "RT Lmfaoooo: keep dreamin then lol RT “: My dream is to play with the new york yankee. ♥♥”"
my friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state..
Kobe It's Lebron & Kevin Durant Time To Shine You Had Yo Years!
Other than experience and knowledge of our industry, we absolutely seek out people with good character-hard to find these days!
stomach grumbling, that sounds so good...
Just spotted a guy playing a keyboard from atop a white schoolbus at a gas station; not sure where rest of band was.
Welcome to 2012 tweet plugs!!! Let's go!!
im sorry i have no recolelction what we were talkin bout; :T hope it worked out tho? how have you been, tell me bout urself?
staceys mom has it going on.;
San Diego has coolest July in 77 years. Where is Al Gore now?
Im from san Antonio now living in Denver. Spurs Nuggets tonight GO SPURS GO
is Spring Cleaning something fierce. Gonna sell a lot of stuff. Anyone for a slightly used violin? I have one. Posting pics soon.
road-Fuji, mtn-Scott. My gf has a new Specialized racer that I covet. Not familiar with Look
can you follow me back Natalia. thanks xoxo :-)
Thanks for the shout-out, Sassy Girls!! It's appreciated.
Always a lot of hope for the Skins in April. Maybe can make us believe in January.
Date with destiny and MCAT books $$$
#MJ I understand, but #KobeBryant........WHOMP Hell No!!! he not better than Labron James
I appreciate that the acronym of Statute of Limitations accurately reflects the reality of not abiding by it.
At the MIA airport catching a preview of 's upcoming Silicon Valley special on CNN. Way to go Wayne and crew!
And then there was me..... fun night.
I see a lot of Beastie Boys in my listening weekend.
"don't let them piggyback on your shit" hahah
People in th hallway are soo slow
Great app!!!! Great tweet!!!
you are not part of the community that believes in the American Dream then
#chipotle demons racing out of your asshole.
Maintain your blogs!!!
Could Stand to Hear Candidate speech right about now! Do you guys do reruns on those ?
Oh man... every minute feels like an asthma attack. Must remember to breathe.
oh yea, you're Christian?
#SiNoFueraPorTwitter is great for practicing conditional tense. What an educational choice of trending topic, Guatemala!
I just got to see the trailer for the "mystery gig"...gotta say, life is good. Life is very, very good!
At hoopfest. the biggest 3 on 3 tourney in the world... i think
Chilling with the kids from the rella music video
aha what are u then a 8th grader? Lol
Oushet!! SAN ANTONIO TX HEA WE GO!!!
Finals everything's done ... On to the next chapter of my life
Haley Hopkins leads things off with a home run over the left field wall to extend USA's lead to 6-1.
Punch yourself? ..Bawhaha. (; And Idk, he said Hunger Games (again) because it's the second longest behing Titanic.
A tight hug can do so much for someone that's hurting.
Hey, Jen! I noticed a few of your tweets about Pinterest analytics. Would love to chat w/ you about
CHECK YOUR DMS
Pourin up. Hold up.
Actors! Please send us samples of your sides! We are working on a new feature to enter your lines :) send to
Thanks for the follows
Well, to be fair some of it he just thinks. It couldn't help but compare him a little to Adrien. Is that bad?
went go see the hunger games today with my friend i had so much fun and the movie was awsome
did they also hold a finger up & say something dire into the phone like "no I think it's in the cabinet with the spices" ugh
A new book in "A Song of Fire and Ice" series out today, but "The Chronicles of Prydain" is still a classic. When did you last read them?
Zae talks about everything.
Girl you better bring it okay ! you better be there by 1:00 okay so you can be the first one there (:
I would really like to meet someone who thinks it's ok to text during a play. I honestly want to know what your thoughts are.
just voted for you, there was no better choice, you are gorgeous #travelsize!
Np. It's very tranquil :)
yeah, I was bummed to learn that it wasn't the one that I had hoped.
Somedays, even the lab equipment says "FUCK IT".
Gonna be moving soon:(
I always keep Tums in the house.
i hope its a good show april wine
Off the Henne buzzing like a MF
only if we can hi-five during!
Thank you to the Young Patrons who joined us at last night's annual April Fools' reception. We appreciate your support and enthusiasm.
But I'm realizing though that students need to learn basic web design to know how a reader "reads" a website to do digital history
Well this has a been a fun day off! I'm ready to go back to school!
At the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Maryland's Emancipation day program.
Follow us on :bleedblackband
#Latina tweeters that matter
I got as far as taking the vacuum out of the closet. Didn't actually vacuum anything, but I think it's a pretty good first step.
Joy's a flame in the palm of the open & humble. Clench the hand tight, point fingers to self and this snuffs out joy.
It was good to meet you too. I am always down for meeting a fellow music lover.
elected mayor is an idea which has failed to capture the public imagination
sarajevo day.
Halo reach playing it up. :)
stop you complain about it all the time
Thanks Dave, glad you and your wife had a great time!
Ready for Timeline for pages on the mobile devices.
im tired of these stupid damn jokes!!
Idk :( But I feel sorry for her, she lost 5K followers!!! I'm trying to warn people about it. who nos i might be paranoid! ha
Tonight I might fulfill a tradition for the first time in my life as a Filipino man: to get into that damn karaoke stage and sing! lol
Yeah no kidding thank you for the heads up! Much appreciated
agreed... I see it and hate it everyday.
RT : 's Sam Worthington applauds 's work with gender and USAID Forward at #ACFVA meeting
its been off the air for a while, i think #IFC has it now.total
You're about to make a huge mistake but I'll let you make it
2:30PM Free Concert in Fountain Park "Igor’s Jazz Cowboys"; then 4:00PM at the Community Center it's the Fountain Hills Community Chorus...
Anthony Thigpen: the 99% must move from organizing for resistance to organizing for power!
FOLLOW ME
That is the stupdist walgreens commercial I've ever seen
it's an app called "simi simi" (;
or Matt Cassell
That feeling when you really miss someone <<
Those were the days! Find yourself on a competition that brings you back to Atlanta.
keep me updated..
I was right by the way -- average milwaukee metro area gas went up another penny today... that's a new record again!
: final chapter of GoDJKemo's B Day wknd ends tonite
Just saw a commercial for Perkins. They were highlighting the fact they make their omelettes fresh to order. God, I would hope so!
He has it! Possession. Move those chains!
I cant believe we're going to lose a series to the sox. Oy.
You too!!!
So crushed didn't follow me! Got the feeling he will never notice me! But he taught me to
First game of the night at and I won 1000 tickets!
“You are not a helpless victim of your own thoughts... rather a master of your own mind.” ~Louise Hay... HAPPY THOUGHTS. It's almost Friday!
Eminem. THE SHIT.
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. -Napoleon
ScentSations is having a grab "box"sale. A great deal on essential oils, lotions, body wash, and bath salts. Contact me for details.
The rain in #Houston was #worththewait. I hope we'll see some in #Austin soon! Until then water those #trees!
We don't wanna know who gave you head
We will see, a lot of talent in the wings. I am a bit disappointed that Soony hasn't got more consideration
not if I shove a dick up ur ass first!
Sundance made me remember my path. Less superficial, more substance. Also, im just as good as all the hipsters making films at sundance.
This thunder sounds like there is a huge thing walking among us.
now that sounds like 1 good ass taco!
I wish i was an only child!
Just realized today, I'm lactose intolerant. I'm still going to eat ice cream :D
thats why is #MVP not #PrinceJames. MVPs make* & take* clutch shots. Tough series against the mavs on deck
Accidently skipping econ because of the writing assessment schedule..
One of my favorite movies is Limitless
I want to invite you to my church, Chris. Come to w/ an open mind & see what it's like. You'd be surprised!
kind of she keeps trying to get away, it's like she knows or something.
I wish would call me instead of Kim K.! :(
You make my heart beat faster :]]
“: I have no earthly boss - ”
Now a real possibility of Phoenix & New Jersey meeting in the Stanley Cup....... If no one watched, did it ever happen?
Last week was a major turning point.
is freaking amazing!
Just had stuff thrown at me.. cool. Why don't you grow the fuck up? You're in high school.
Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die.
Hell no! Lol
Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Now for something completely different: "shared bib clean-up." *rolls up sleeves, pops knuckles, & logs into the catalog*
Ross: ommodification of console video games - hardware modding - compared to car modding as practice and social-historico logics
Dogs are exhausting enough. No idea how people handle multiple children.
so excited babies x
Anyone can help me get more followers?? Please help me! I promise I will follow back!
Ur the harmony to every song I sing!
About that time i suppose
Now buenos noches. Love ya from me and Lina
They have scooters! Grown men with scooters on the train! That explains everything I just overheard
Idk just a headache D:
1. make dismissive comments that offend many 2. get twitbombed 3. close account, move to tumblr. sound familiar?
Comparison tool estimates loan payment and how many $50 textbooks it equals. Nice touch. $367/month = 8 $50 textbooks/month
It's a day of stabbiness. The readers may not be overwhelmed but the writers are...
This friday night went by fast! Wtf?
Topics 4 year old wanted to discuss on commute today: the water cycle, magnetism, climate change. Love this kid!
your welcome!
Never. Unless you're an alcoholic.
so happy to be back in #Dallas, no more traveling for a while!
smoking people in words with friends.
RT: Brittany Norwood stared straight ahead, showed no reaction as jury found her guilty of first degree murder. pyscho...
“: Anyone want to answer this? RT : What are the softest 2-5 NL games in Vegas?” WSOP in 30.
Total shame top #Rutgers admins aren't fighting the loss of their only presence in SNJ .
Hey and Love you guys. That is all.
Happy Star Wars Day!
figure out who's going to the show tmrw. A few juniors are going. My bud Kennedy will be there to greet ya with tix.
More bad news for the Brewers. Alex Gonzalez torn ACL. Probably done for the year along with Mat Gamel and Narveson. Ugh!
Going 2 dream about finding my equal creative partner in business. Got some great ideas in my head.
come to Franklin park
You don't know sunburn peeling, until it is the entire top of your head.
bazooka slump land allmo gods?
Going to the SustainIndy Awards luncheon today. Congrats to the finalists!
I'm queen of sending boys texts that say, "entertain me, I'm bored."
thank you H!!! Can't wait to see you in NYC ;)
: Can we please stop calling them 'hipsters' and go back to calling them 'pussies? <~~~~~~ +1
I am an AmeriCorps alum
lol whoa!! Barely legal
Its going to be a big blue hell for cardinal fans all summer long. Luckily we will get some relief Sept 1.
In "theory", yes
Every day should start off with mangos for breakfast <3
to MAKE IT HAPPEN!!!
Loving the "how to get new lib users...baby shower" table talk. Love the networking!
such a good show!
ill masage it :) for you
Now, it is bed time for Hal.
How much wood would a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood?..say it really fast 10 times
Enjoy limousine discounts with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
#WaysToPissMeOff ~ when u ask me for a ride n u have me outside waiting for u over 10 min.
Yes i'm your friend..please stop breathing on me
": "that awkward moment when someone you hate is breathing"" Haha, yeah
(: haha how are you
haha. u wouldnt wanna cry in front of lover boi
what the hell are you guys even talking about, ESPN announcers?
Fresh out the shower !!! #GettinFresh!!
Vega Comm is attending Behind The Moon SocialNet After Hours Networking Event
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Omg only 3 more weeks of school left! Summer 2012 and senior year are almost here!
You've got a great life. If you're wondering, yes, I'd accept an invitation to tag along next time. If I had to. I guess.
Filming,WOD's,roses--why I'm 25 min late for day 2. Being late worked out for me yesterday, so hopefully the streak continues!
I love 'Love Me'! Its so cute!Just like you!ur songs are adorable & u r good inspiration to other kids to follow their dreams!
Guy is A Virgin Its Okay, Guy is Not A Virgin He's Cool, Girl is A Virgin She's Scared Of Dick, Girl is Not A Virgin Shes A Hoe.
": Lights gone, days end."
Hey anytime just keep your head up
RT : I just seen pictures of you having sexual intercourse with a dog lmao <~~ LMAO!! Hey its been a while.
is moving schtuff around the house before work.
Sorry if I missed you yesterday, I was at the Twins game watching Liriano get crushed by the Royals
Wish would follow me!
With the best friendzz in michigan!!
I hear your complaints. Counter service is an option for you.
Mm. Beer.
SN: If you're rapping a lyric like,"I wish a nigga would," your voice isn't allowed to crack. Sorry, I didn't make the rules...
The second I heard my coworker's Gwen Stefani ringtone start playing I took out my phone to tweet about how embarrassed/sad I felt for her.
Do the new iphones have new tabs while on the internet...? Like being able to listen to youtube and look up clothes..?
“: (Retweet) If You Hate When People Take Your Texts The Wrong Way”
Big day for Lori on her way to June 5th primary; endorses for mayor, announces fundraiser hosted by Howard
hm.... *hands you a cinnabon*
love that movie
you should be on dancing with the stars 😉✌
That is awesome. And therefore I'm immediately discounting all the tips I read from that PR link.
Haha. Good friend of mine from college is part of that team. Check 'em out! :)
1998 - The Yankees captured their 24th World Championship and ended up with a record of 125-50.
at least you spelled it correctly. Thanks
Guess who >:)
Rather be alone than lonely....
Follow follow we are open haha lol jb follow me
Hand washing...
Love the show! Hoping for at least another 101 episodes!
ME WANT IT
Oop, my computer's frozen... Never mind I just wasn't moving the mouse. lol
yep - woke up humming it!
Thanks for the comment and mention!
Go eat!!! Support local vendor!RT : Serving Big Nathans NOW -2pm TODAY A-1 Key Shop 4859 Poplar Ave
GOOD MORNING twitter Family!!!!
happy fall :)
It seems to me that most of the artists who complain about fans downloading their music for free are the ones who aren't worth listening to
Wild Wild East
OBAMA CONSORTS WITH AFRO-WEARING MUSICIANS WHO NOD TO BLACK POWER AND ENJOY TANTRIC SEX. And Fallon.
ta ai?
I hate forgetting my phone tho
Me & kids just dont mix. Im too impatient & impulsive.
I got #3WordsForYou .. I LOVE YOU <3
The whole world might not know, but they don't really with technology either. Her family or friends might know her story without digital
Ha ha. I've been having some DM moments lately, too, in my car.
the photographer of that photo is pretty awesome. If only I could have made them all smile...
Only One Georgia Bulldog Taken in First Three Rounds of NFL Draft: Fan&#39;s Take
I am most dominant in the bay!
Holy shit. #Avengers made $200.3 million this weekend?
my pleasure!
And last but not least, keep your ears perked up for Noel Coward's jaunty tune (Don't Put Your Daughter on the Stage) Mrs. Worthington."
ASB run-off elections are today. Don't forget to cast your vote - and tell us which race is most important to you.
EVERYBODY CLAP YO HANDS!
Dying of boredom 😞
did it really list him as one of the most dynamic people the PAC has ever seen??
Just discovered Thanks to LOVE LOVE LOVE everything on their site!!
Our Design Studio folks just launched the new redesign of the site, looking sharp!
Tomorrow, Cruise time for spring break
twitter is really making me mad today..... its all messed up!
Wednesday is the day of my interview. Register for this free call about Bob's new book - It's Not About You
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 58F OVERCAST
The raining day makes making music all natural. This album is going to rock!
Yes! He is announcing the date tomorrow, I'm so VERY excited!!! it is VERY SOON!
Excited about moving back home as announces today the launch of its next site: Des Moines.
Geeking out w/ #LiNC listening w/ - in the room, fellow #smm geeks i <3 it!
do u like seafood
I kind of hate that the only reason I watch that show is because of you
first day of video editing classes start today! What're you up to today?
RT : The fastest growing groups on LinkedIn are students & recent college grads
I can't believe I just clicked that link you sent me. It now feels like Monday morning and my weekend is ruined
Playing the #Clippers not like kissing your sister anymore. Unless your name is Dexter Morgan
Loe now pitching for
Drop wut ur doing n watch it now
RT : Looking forward to our visit with the peeps today. They're bringing lunch...cheeseburgers mayhaps?!
i love she's pro.
Ladies and gentlement hold on to your seats, the 2012 Screen Actor's Guild Awards are about to start!
I choose my classes on saturday :D
Thanks so much! RT : Hangin for the after turkey stuffing festivities. Cheers bitches!
yep, tomorrow ... assuming 11:30 is ok? email me pls w a good time to call mayra[@]ruizmcpherson.com
Motivation to clean up my music library: check. Motivation to do anything else: …
Another all-day 5 minute job ...
Sara?O:
I find the stories around the NCAA's so much more compelling than the games themselves (& the games r gr8).
I wish Trader Joe's deliver groceries... their stores in Boston are always jam packed and at least a 45-min drive away :(
We do! email:
Vine a la escuela de oquis
give her a call :]
Chris & Kurt have "a good vibe." ;)
If you want to increase #memory... try our memory bread... unless theres things you dont want to remember...
breaking out the new hampden league logo's tonite
Hahahaha look it up on YouTube for the fresh prince
Going Back to Theory, Told Nothing On Sale But Beaut Fall Fash Especially Cords Sweaters, Contemporary professional 212.5246790
As much as I am a technophile I find the presence of books comforting. Without books it doesn't feel like home. Digital just isn't the same.
I don't want to go to school >_<
RT Thanks for the RT!. No problem!
Janitor requests subway stop at Constellation Ave (req. tunneling under BH HS) because it would make it "so easy" for people to get to work.
ur a fucking fake so knock it off
Do you have agood auto repair story? We would like to give away free auto services to those with the most amazing story!
Now that I have put it out there, I will soon be at Bryce Canyon!! And I will find crystals when I get there! Believe/Know!
It is said that if we were to help the butterfly remove itself from the cocoon, it would not be strong enough to survive.
Next time look at that picture and think "balance". The corps needs you well rested tomorrow.
San Diego Region: Bayshore Bikeway Extends Mileage Through City of Chula Vista&#39;s Bayfront
hahaha i did for a while
RT : tonight with , Thursdays are great make sure to stop also open bar early.!!!
I agree… I'm a cheese grit fiend and those were extra special!!!
we enjoyed your films at El Cid WED night! Funny stuff!
#langchat, if you have some musically intelligent kids, they could write a song as the end of a PBL. Tons of free music creation websites.
#Now playing Us !
If the Pack have Courtney Upshaw on the board at #28 and don't take him, they are stupid.
I feel slow today.
OF COURSE I AM!!! its the day after my birthday :)
no phone -_-
McCarran's a zoo this morning.
(Not to each other, but to the 1st house/ASC.) Both of Mars' ascendants are linked to difficult places in the chart.
where ya headed girl?
I placed 2nd and will continue on to the division s contest. Just found out 1st place winner actually had 30 yrs experience.lol
Most small angiomas disappear after just one treatment; there are, however, some angiomas that may require more treatment .keloidsurvey.com
followed, follow back please? (:
No trash/recycling pick up tomorrow. Make up day is Saturday. City offices closed Friday but we will still be picking up trash & recycling.
you should tweet more often
were you properly served?
Did anyone know likes penis?!
sandwich not included ...
Their stage banter can't be topped.
"I shall go on shining as a brilliantly meaningless figure in a meaningless world." f. scott fitzgerald or hannah horvath?
we have huge things coming including a lyric video, our brand new 7 song EP a ton of shows in town and out of town. get excited!
Why did someone decide to put the crazy roundabouts on Hwy 12 outside Lk Delton? Signs are poor, area choked by confused drivers.Bad choice.
Down again?
sorry jeppa joes fans, i had to completely overhaul my propane stove unit...i will be back out Wednesday for sure (assuming it doesn't rain)
OMG! It was Nataia's! I was sending 2 her DR &nutritionist & my phone sent it to 300people viaText &emails.Some people were nasty
Matt Hardy arrested again...he's doing a bang up job auditioning for next seasons Celebrity Rehab
Let's see those workout pics! Tweet them to for a chance to win a KoreFit gift! The winner will be announced on Friday!
what day and time is the class usually?
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle Sun | 10PM | Bravo HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The shit these teenagers wear I'm so glad I grew up in the 98-04 era.
. getting a guitar stuck in the window blind was the most rock n' roll moment of
": O h o h !". Wish I was there for that! Happy b day festivities!!! Love you pipi!
If you're always the smartest person in the room, you're probably always in the wrong room.
yeah.. keep up the good work.. I hope you make it big
Really? It's number 1 for so many weeks! It brought in the most dollars comparing to all other movies..
Thats what i get bein so nice all the time. Enough
eager to hear the adventures with blue tape
Glad I didn't put on *too* cute of an outfit. He picked a bar I don't like. You ladies understand what I'm saying.
Hey guys can you help me think of a really cute/unique way to ask someone to prom?? I'm helping my best friends boyfriend ask her(:
I am highly anticipating a completion date finally! September 1, 2012!
Need Chicago area tech writer, ASAP, for industrial service manual project. Interested? contact or 847.631.1299
WHO IS EXCITED FOR AUSTIN'S SUPRISE? :D
Does ABC give you a chance to make a case for S4 or do they leave you hanging until decision is made? You have a damn good case.
i want to rewatch all of the previous seasons of #AdventureTime. so. make it happen, twitterverse.
;o SAME!
"Fascination ends..."
Hi everyone! So glad to make it the #jennieoCFK twitter party!
Tonight we're having Graham Beck Brut Rosé, you?
the fan in my room is ma bifflez
thanks for joining! RT : #vol2012 #ofatraining great call. More "sales" training is good 4 people
Salem State playing?
So per your prior tweet, I can seriously contact Tessa Finch about my transmedia project(s)? Can I reference you?
Why is it so hard to buy things? The manufacturer sent me to a dealer, who only sells to distributors. Each one taking their cut, I bet.
you should try the 5 hour energy from stacker 2.
or it's golden. Wiz is whack as shit. It can't be that bomb Kanye booted it
No one is ever gonna love you more than I do.
No doubt, I will think of decades of action!!!!!
Those random talks with my best friend. Miss you, boo. <3
Nope, this legit blonde bitch is - BABY......It's me.
What u talkn bout NIGGA... its time to get it
Agree! My team in DC is pedaling this weekend w/a team in NY too-good luck to all! RT : Good luck in #CycleforSurvival !
Clemson Tigers 3/4 ′ ‘I Heart Paw ’ Enamel Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
Want to be the 1st to know about special events? Email with your name & email address to get the latest specials!
haha, oh well
watching Texas race and NFL
#StonerEthics stoners always um uh......... what was I doing again??
Agreed. So… bunch of lawsuits after, perhaps :(
Cold, hot or rain it's always a good day for a ride... And all rides are good...
NATURAL MEDICINE CABINET: • Band-aids • Gauze • Hydrogen Peroxide • Rubbing alcohol • Essential Oils: Tea Tree, Lavender, Peppermint
Hey , d'you have a copy of _Femininity and Domination: Studies in the Phenomenology of Oppression_, by Sandra Lee Bartky?
Baby what you want me to do?
“Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.” - Voltaire
One of my favorite Astrud/Stan videos! Never get tired of watching this one...
I'm shootin a reality show in ny would love to have a camio :)
I love you soo much ium passin manhattan hope I c u
I hate it when my aunt comes over on mornings!.
There's a kid named Vinny who moved from Nj to our school. #ironic too bad he's in 7th grade
One week left of summer...any big plans for this week?
My NY Architecture prof quotes Edith Wharton from memory as part of his lectures...love it
Merry Christmas to you!
Backbend workshop Sat. 1-3 pm with for all levels
DC WATER reports 27th St NW b/w the westbound ramp of K St NW & Virginia Ave is closed to traffic for 6-8 hours due water service repairs.
#eluna09 Now e.g. of integrating library usage, user recommendations, ILL & funds data for collection dev., with links to vendors. Wow ...
Hi Guys wanted 2 let u know Family an Most friends r Fine I'm Blessed!!
Traffic here in Atlanta was worse than usual on the drive into work. That's saying a lot considering traffic can be crazy at times.
yea if yall want
YEAH PACERS!!!
Thanks - great dinner at Golden Beetle but man that Devil drink kicked my butt!!
Dumbset, Drumset, I Can Make Her Comeback
US has edged ahead of Italy and France to become the world's largest #wine market by volume according to latest figures from Vinexpo & IWSR
haha so good
Leaving Huntington Beach
you deserve it times a million. <3
How are you enjoying the panel discussion so far?
is it so hard to get country artists to play in Portland, OR?
thanaks for the follow
I love to sleep but I love more staying up late. It's so hard for me to let go of being awake and head toward unconsciousness.
I should pack. I'm just sitting here starring at my bag...why can't it pack itself??
D-Nap.
i never got it!
Just from the smell of this elevator I could have ripped all his cloths off and had no second thoughts.
this aderal needs to kick in...maybe ill remember stuff lol....
hi darling, I want to add the lawndale residency to the bad at sports opportunities page, is it open to Tx artists only?
hell yea this guy was in a hot dog eating contest 😒
here u go... I go hard boo... At the pace I got set, I don't need 2 get ready cuz I stay ready
14 followers to 59 in a day... Awesome.(;
My address is Thanks, and please spread the word about the movie!
#Ravens football tomorrow with Ryann, who has a new outfit to wear for the game, hope she's more excited then she was tonight when she slept
Had a great night celebrating the season with our client
at this point there is no pleasing everyone but something is better than nothing
So your fone is your baby ?
bout the same... Planning and starting my new year goals lol
I have lost track of how many times Doug's personality has cracked me up today.
Mission looks great! I'm excited.. but kinda bummed that I'm 90% done with a church site using Associate.
Stressed out...
The feeling of forgetting your sunglasses before an adventure is unexplainable
Lol so yesterday I went to the mall(: I passed Lids and was looking inside to see if i saw And my mom was like what r u doing!
yeah but he got knocked around
#People don't follow into the same #Trap like every other holiday. Holidays are meant to bring people together
Thanks to our new followers
date night :)
#oomf is already acting a fool and it's barely 7am
That is quite the beautiful sunset. Hope it brought relaxation and inspiration to you. How have you been? Hope you are doing well.
Started off the day with homemade deep fried food (veggie and tofu pakoras). Not the best choice for tiding me over, I'm hungry already.
I hate Fasting
Yes, but it would be like me to forget >.< I'm studying material culture. The history of stuff! Including video games :)
That sounds intense. Are you an Emotobooks fan?
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
thanks hunny I plan on it being a great productive year ;)
Might you partake in any weather-related sales and/or promotions? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe University is comprised of 99% bullshit and douchebags who only know 2 guitar chords.
is at HQ giving us a Google demo!
Indulging on your fav. Snack :)
Hypocycloid is one of the only things I retained from math in high school.
swur ta god
aw thanks! So glad you're a customer! :)
And that proposal is submitted. Now time for that other abstract...
Cross Over
I'll Have Another took a bath next to Shackleford this morning. I wonder if he shared any advice on winning the Preakness?
Those cute little scenarios you come up with about you and your crush >>>
what's up BP?
I'm the size of a 12 yr old :/ I'd love to be tall. You're lucky!
I should add, shaky, out my sun roof video. The roads were a mess. Tons of people pulled over to watch.
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood. - Stanislaw Lec
I really need to change my sheets
thx my man it was so much fun:-)
Hi Tari! you have to keep us updated on your book when it comes out... :)
Anomie looks at the disjuncture between societal goals and legitimate means.
Damn, really on ASVP wave aint he. 2nd time he used one of his beats...
Whataburger? Probably not...
Longmeadow Farm Slow Roasted Smoked Young Pig is now on the menu!!! We'll have it in for a few weeks.
cant wait fam
We'll be at til 5pm! is about to speak and have a book signing!
SWEET. RT HUGE news, beer nerds: RT Three Floyds is looking to open a brewpub in Chicago
Show tonight down in Denver at Cervantes!!! Hope to see everybody there!
Bad meal at monsoon tonight. Sad.
even dinner at Julie's supper club with your local?
So excited to be at "listen to your mother" DC to see Elena from Ciao Mom!!
? Will you follow me on tumblr...? it's loversloveandlierslie :)
follow back bitch
Men's testicles? As opposed to.....the other kind of testicles?
Have a good weekend!
lmao! My mom just gave me a crazy ass look cuz she heard it. Lol.
gonna kill it!!
Why are they "fortuitous" bounces when a mid-major makes a close play work and when a major does they are "amazing" plays?
This made me LOL hard. RT Pippa & the Pistol is the title of the best Disney film that will never get created.
it's beautiful in a cheesy sort of way (ba dump dump...thanks I'll be here all night)
It's enough to put you on a water-only diet, until you realize how many of those baddies are water-bourne..
great food, even though we were the only folks there
Will you be working for Mugatu?
Speaking of #Harlem, I am looking forward to being in the archives and working on the book this summer at the Schomburg
If you more to know more info about the Zombie Walk or Zombie events follow
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me
Headed to
Who had a chance to beat KY? Charles Barkley: "The Toronto Raptors."
Dean Barbara Rimer at UNC Gillings School of Public emphasized the importance of translational research in moving from efficacy to equity.
Make sure you read each one that's in each box.
When soccer and music can't cheer you up <
I asked my Brazilian girlfirend's dad why Ronaldo's big. "He eats too much" "Isn't it a disease?" "Yeah, he can't stop eating"
they ALL come with chocolate. You can't have romantic without it. (via ) lol
Upset with u both RT": FTW... RT “: Aren't ladies only allowed to wear the pink jerseys? ;-)”"
I dont think Ill be able to skype tonight bc Ashleys asleep and the computers in her room but Im getting an iPhone tomorrow!
Auditions went great!
love u baby less than 2 weeks from adding a new member to the family love you ya sexy son of a bitch <3<3<3
Lowkey... I'm kinda nice on this here grill...
Homework will be the death of me.
CAC - Beeson talk on self cuing tx in PPA - logopenic aphasics may benefit most
#ForeverFly RT : S/O to for the shirts footworkingz rocked on windy city live today!!!
EMMA WATSON DOES NOT LOOK LIKE A SAM I ALREADY HATE EVERYTHING
damn cause I'm not
LOL DO IT
Watching Escandalo TV!
Sorry guys if I don't follow you!! Is that twitter dosen't let me! Please follow me and when twitter let's me I'll follow you all
im trying to really expedite my days
Wow. just found out Whitney died. Really sad, one of my all time favs. My prayers are with her family and daughter. ~I will always love you
Yay! my mom is making homemade Tacos Yum! ^_^
hope all is well man!
"A true friend scolds like a dad, cares like a mom, teases like a sister, irritates like a brother & loves you more than a lover."
Sick game-winning goal by ...
Well, you had to RT the competition and what a coincidence that the draw was on my bday and I won xD
My hair lady isnt working again until Friday, so I'm going then. If you want to aim for sooner, I can find someone else!
Tip of the day: References! Use only former supervisors unless asked otherwise. Be prepared to discuss your references- know them!
In the mkt for court level seats for LA-OKC Gm 3 or 4. We'll see if it sorts itself out. Regardless, looking fwd to 4 days in LA
Ah... I missed the "co-worker" part! And the meth, too... now I get it! So sad, especially for kids... they never understand.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
Join us now at wash park grille!!
Babies can pick up on stress around them and my start to cry if they get negative vibes. Keeping your cool can help your baby be calm.
RT : come on down to a Dallas foodtruck event!//I would love to #WienerUp in the BIG D!
" I wasn't that drunk" "dude you said "how am i driving" and we were still parked."
thanks for the RT! how many followers do you have now? you must teach me the ways!
I WANT BIGGER BOOBS
pound it 👊 lmao
And lay them down, buried in the ground for me
I honestly don't even know what's going on anymore #realtalk :/
I feel you
Oh my gawd!
thx, pal. yeah, it was exhausting though as I left home at 3:30am went straight over & got out at 7pm
I was just thinking about re-reading that. I know it will have profound affect on my this time around too. Thx
Great win. Unreal gets the winner. More than an honor to play Glocks. Will be successful no matter what.
I wnt to go to da zoo tomorrow
I'm aggravated as all hell. Nite.
thanks chick! I miss you too! What are u doin down in hotlanta? Any trips home over the summer?
see what happens if somebody hits her, I guarantee you won't ever talk to me again if they hit her
RT : thinks making apple pizzas with the boy is the best new Rosh Hashanah tradition ever.
Took long enough, but good job, Mr. Obama. Proud to be an American right now. Now let's get with it, California.
"There is nothing like an election to remind a politician of the diversity of wildlife they represent." - Daniel Hannen
Current earwig courtesy of Mr. Neil Diamond: "I am, I said.. To no one there.. And no one heard at all not even the chair"..
Script sent!!!
This is a dining experience unlike any other. And I'm okay with never experiencing it again
Hey Follow me on My other account
Just want to ignore the world and watch Mad Men.
i need to get rich fastt
Fully recognizing that most interested in Danish history & archives have likely retired for the evening....
this weather is so perfect to stay in bed and just stay in my sheets and do absolutely nothing.
yeah... That was a ZINGER.
I need a drink tonight
I couldn't forget you if I tried.
Did you receive my pitch for a new OWN show? I guarantee you tons of viewers would tune in each week to view it.
SHI International Corp. Posts Record First Quarter
and celebrating your masters grad & 's new job
Student approached me today about starting book club. Anyone's school do this? Suggestions? Issues? Fomat?
Hanging with after Prom.
THIS IS MY FUCKING SONG BRO OMFG
dana does so much for justin an scooter nor kenny cant tweet her for justin or one of them cant but then they tweet the mean bitches
Where are your suede weenis protectors?
what? It's late as hell! be careful!
Tonight im spinning SoundBar Minneapolis THe newest hip Hop and R&B its 21+ LEGO
Welcome to our 400th follower on Twitter. Thanks!
that would be so cool!!!
This is why I saved a couple cream cheese bagels.
Well its time to shower and start this day!
What is trending right now? We like to know what the cool videos are so let us know!
Had a blast at the Texas State Fair this weekend! Fried bubblegum, Fletcher's corny dog, fried bananarito, fresh lemonade, frozen lemonade!
I love watching Grown Ups
Sweet, my #MDNA album is gonna be mailed to me, awesome
On our way back from Chicago! BPA NLC is over.. But that ok.. Next year will be here in the blink of an eye!
The iPhone app has some serious catching up to do before it is as useful as the app. Get on it!
i hate twitter
7 or 11 she's a double gulp
Yep! On Thursday :)
me and 's mission is to get you to preform at the summer kick off concert next year. 👌👌👌👌👌👌
Today in Literary History: On February 28, 1894 Ben Hecht (screenwriter, novelist, playwright and journalist) was born in NYC.
In a board meeting and I feel like my stomach is eating itself
Geesh, rain and hail like this is really not helping when you have to go to an audition by bicycle!
This was taking in 2006 a few days before I left Memphis for Atlanta!
Head down to for some noir, Bogie, and 'corn. Two showings tonight: 7 & 9:30pm.
Sorry, I only give recommendations to athletes. RT Any place with trivia on Fri nights?!
A lot of them stop taking jewelry :_-(
As we prepare some new songs for our set on our tour next month, what are some songs you guys want to hear us play?
Yes-love to read at the beach and I'll be there all next week! #lovegulfshores #beach bound
Gas and Food, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I supply leadsl
Why am I the only person who takes pictures of the front of their house before going into it? And its extra lame out today
Some production group saw my music video and asked about working with me. "We're professional." they said. Fuck professionalism.
I like that idea. Can they bring back One Life to Live too?
UB person number and some weird thing written underneath it, but when I tried
from boston
Me && Yasmin are GOING GOING Back To Back To Back the EAST ✌
is brewing, the tortilla shells are being warmed, Bacon is sizzling, time for a breakfast Burrito. Good morning!
Congrats to on winning #TheVoice!!!!
Playing #TwistedMetal. Hosting my own room entitled TWISTED_METAL!!! Join in. :-)
I'm just gonna blame Austin and Justin for failing my exams in two weeks cause I just can't be bother studying
awww well I hope you get some rest tonight and start feeling better ASAP! Can you nap at all today?
Good win UM... earned it... Hope the rivalry continues when Urban arrives
Reserved your ticket yet for our fab Bartram Bitters Cocktail Party Fundraiser May 16? You better! Use promo code "YoungFriend" & save $25!
U call me a player but if u ask me. That's what u were looking for. Remember. It takes one to know one.
thats good. better than ev over here!
Holy shit YES!!! RT : The School in Glee would be the perfect setting for the next Hunger Games.
wow is all I can say. I wonder if the angry typing will equal more public display of unhappiness that requires whole body movement.
Organized civil disobedience thru the Internet
The 99ers and The Down n' Counted Out ! Need Jobs Too, Not only the Midwest & Southern States But the East Coast and West Coast Too!
I love this team! GO CATS!
so we need to talk more <3 =D how are you?!
on it .... We will have a meeting soon for ideas places and ppl we need in shot ill call u later
"We're just playing one on one pong"
I did miss that clip, and what a good one! Thx for sharing so much this morning.
Linda Perry is awesome
Waco has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
RT "If you want others to by happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion." Dalai Lama
Happy Friday! New blue bloods tonight!
dont try...when its right it falls in ur lap :)
what did he snap at you about. The deal with cameraman was on tv
Wait, what did I miss on Wynne?
that's was hot thanks
he was clearly touchin him thats no goal
The Internet knows!
“: "The Big Bang Theory" is the most watched television show in Canada.” stupid canadians
PUB CRAWL IN SIESTA KEY VILLAGE TONIGHT!!!!!!
Thanks to everyone that turned out for the KBS tapping and patiently waiting! Cheers, you guys are animals!
Ain't no one cute at my school :/
U want to treat me like a bitch I'm ganna act like a bitch
I know! #ala12 is so far away but I guess Im committed now eh?
you inspire me, cuz you gangsta'!
when we get new chairs.. im taking this one out, office space style!
How many times does New Test quote against gays? Once. Yet there r 100's passages against adultery & divorce
Susie's all beef dogs were a big hit today -- come up for an afternoon snack -- coffee's on and the bingo is about to start ;)
I just downloaded a new twitter app.now I can see everything better. Lol
I'm walking with a Heart Of A Lion
Clarification: am researching sources on informational health science or health care based on info transfer in a quantum biology sense. ...
dats my bitch!! (in kanye voice)
Marcos Pico hwld without bail on Murder charge... In violent death of John Waldorf.
Best quote read today on a random Amazon review: "I preferred consistency to hypocrisy."
Hahaha I know, it has been a few days!
RT HATE IS FOR THE WEAK
if you loved me you would stop fartin while im sleep
Note to self: don't wait until the very last day to get a car inspected
To learn without thinking is effort in vain. Life is just one big teachable moment...
gots a new client to do work on... no bball tonight
one of the best shows EVA!
a3 usually make a photo collage from the trip:)
And thank you for sharing your story, you've made spoon a symbol that makes it "easy" to explain travails of long term illness
Sometimes - no matter what the scale tips - you NEED the macaroni cheese.
I have a flu that has made me respect the flu.
Ah the rain so refreshing
I liked your quote! Peace!....
i am going to look at an apartment that seems almost too perfect today... 3br, heat included, laundry IN UNIT... i expect it to be haunted
Once you give someone the power to break your heart......they will.
No, this is... goddamn ridonkeyulous! Ha i see you removed a virvs. "trojen removed!"
i should get ready. *sigh*
bout 2 rock this Indiana Ice game...it's been a while!!!
Griffin looked pretty cool flopping after that dunk.
sounds negligent to me! Geesh!
Learn from the negative as well as the positive, from the failures as well as the successes. -Jim Rohn
About to sleep my day away,,, its needed,,,
I Only #Assume When Shit Looks Obvious .
Classic Tarnoff! Good thing , and provide similar content w/o the wine.
When was that?
Wake up world think positive because a positive + a positive = positive. Meaning positive thoughts positive results!!!!!!!!
hay stop saying lies about she's my best friend from school like she's at my house crying so shut up
you are the best. You deserve it.
How do you market, how do you repackage, how do you find the niche?
WHAT THE F!!! That's fucked...ayite ima give your hash tag a holla!
There are 32 National Football League teams in the United States. 16 in the AFC and 16 in the NFC.
Trying to think of something BIG for my 10,000th tweet.
today is not my day
hehe judge or join Mr. Pickles
I totally knew what you were gonna say before you even texted back
This is seriously some odd weather. Looks like the Wizard of Oz out there.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet .... but everyone already knows that
#QueueBarLounge 6k progressive hit today... 3 more waiting to bust
Happiness is a skill. -richie Davidson at
where i see you comin from going to 2nd period?
I've literally had the best Friday and the best morning now<3(: Now just waiting till he gets off work :D
That awkward moment when your ex sends you a post card from Florida saying "one year" on it
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough. -Emily Dickenson
"Who could this mystery person be?" "What does their mother call them?"...
Felt drained & out of shape. Execution good, endurance, fair.
lmfao omg look at ur asian high top fade w a creeper ass look on
got all ready to go out just to find out i'm staying home. wow best night ever!
Just when I decide to cut carbs from my diet, Wendy's comes out with
Wouldn't it be easier to have every American just flush $1700 down the toilet? At least then the plumbers would get the business.
so does that mean we aren't going to prom anymore?
of course. Such an interesting read!
RT : A4: & you'll show potential employers you are active, take initiative, and really care about what you are doing.
thx for link - we're actually open/seeking to develop a variety of tools (e.g. ) for version control of open leg. & more.
Turns out being nervous really plays havoc with your IQ. I hope I find my way home tonight.
Did it fail?
i ready to delete all the guys numbers in my phone cause its the same shit different dude
When says #40dollars /paycheck, what pay period is assumed? I'm paid monthly: is that #40dollars, #80dollars, or #160dollars?
- Have you seen "Contagion," yet? Hope you don't die . . .
RT : Mile High D.A.D.S. Feb. meeting is coming up in a week, Tuesday the 21st @ 5:30. Mark your calendar and don't miss it!...
thanks baby!! I will miss Entercom and Buffalo so very much!
take yo butt to bed, it's past your bedtime.
Lovin Alicia keys right now!
on my way to this dumb ass school -_- Hopefully my day goes good.
Who's happy I'm back ? @
I hear yah, I'm gonna be driving this weekend, but I could at least go for some redlight therapy and massage though
Good morning, Keith!!! Happy Monday....
Excited to see Michigan native Mark Ingram play later on today.NFL Network
who's your favorite SKC player if you had to chose?
yes! We will have them soon :)
Today I'm working inside Sams Club today and its been slow....where are the New Yorker?
Much appreciated RTs and mentions this week -
We're happy to have you at CLT anytime! :)
In Objectivity in SocialScience Weber noted we're all biased. Honestly acknowledge/account for it & we'll b fine
#NP Under The Bridge - Red Hot Chili Peppers. ❤
I sure was.didn't see any posts in a while. School, definitely more important.Will say hello for you. Talk soon.
pls send your rates to
Chilin w/ my bff's is the shit fuk everybody
Everyone go follow and help her get alot of followers.!!! RT!????!!??!!?
All I care about is whether or not Rooney shakes his opponents' hands after the game.
What's a hashtag, Media Specialist?
"Shorter" not "Silver." "David Shorter" LOL. You must have been looking at my gray hair!
And stupid quotes &lt;grrr&gt;
I hate sitting around waiting for you to text back.
oh snap! No idea there was more than one... I'm following a chick who knows the way... Hopefully.
Note to self, next time put sunscreen on feet
Tweet Up is Monday from 6-7pm. The online program says it's a ticketed event, but it's actually not.
You have the prettiest eyes ever (:
Homemade Belgium waffles, fresh snow and hot tubbing... Good ending to an awesome weekend.. Dont want it to end!
I'm so blessed for all the historical figures in my life time that truly reflect me and
Balanced Diet and Nutrition See why a well-balanced diet provides energy and proper nutrition
Buy the team back...
well I still have another year of high school but I'm gonna work my ass off to get there.
pericing my dick
I'm inn the hospital again:/ </3
you did?! How was it???
Lmfao can't reveal the secrets
make sure to follow
Tacoma is notoriously anti-sweater vest.
How long does it take you to stretch, do cardio, weights, core and abs? Think about it.. You'll accomplish that and more in 50 mins with F3
Off too school
The future is not something we enter, it is something we create ~ Leonard I. Sweet
haha I do now!
Love doing what I do. I am blessed!
Bella Napoli is the worst bakery ever...these cookies are steal! Ew
I think it's funny when douchebags have their girlfriends stolen from them by a guy who's better than them. It's kind of amusing.
For people who see me tomorrow, my face is still a little swollen.. not fat :(
Only 214 days till graduation...
Life is a movie, just not one that would do well at the box office.
I never get excited for school to start during the summer. Even on the most boring day. NEVER.
I'm jazzed to try this place! Congrats on the menu fame too!
That awkward moment when you pretend to die infront of your pet and they just walk by you like nothing happened...
got your message - sorry for the injury - but will release your ticket to others. Thanks for letting us know.
sucks balls. Can't wait to switch
Ah, Florida still sucks. Publix is still pretty great though.
Oh, yeah... and I have the best boyfriend on the planet. :)
Stay off that foot ...... lol
you know thats a weave! lol
Gettin my hair done for my bday =P My hair is hell long
a service manager already called and apologized for the poor service I received. My package should arrive today.
I'll dance with you! How was Thursday? Sorry I couldn't be there.
Hey! If you love christian music, you should check us out! We have a ton of music!
The Lakers are playing some of the worst defense I've seen a professional basketball team play.
They made a couple passes for us. Pretty cool.
have you really made a dude scream?
thanks for the RT :-)
thanks Dan, I met you in Park City at Sundance Film Fest - great book!
The swag you think you got i gave it to you
"The Best Colleges" ranks W&M 3rd best college in country. Good news! Best to always say look behind the rankings - what are the criteria?
Thank you!!
ME and mah friends are breaking up our friendship......... TELL MII HOW TO SAVE IT PLS SUM ONE
:) god pleasee i want #July3 to come already i really want my phone and i wanna text my buiddies im really gonna miss them
Anyone playing 50/100plo+ anywhere? Heard rio may not have games for a while due to lack of tables
Oklahoma I am in you. Checking off state number 48.
Its finally Who Dat time again!!! Already heading to New Orleans!!!
ah thank you I cant think straight when Im livid
GoodNight ALL. :)
18 is not a little girl. Perfectly legal to date someone that much older. In some cultures, it's not even a problem.
Just got home from studio. Long night! I'm working on a 2-panel piece, 2' x 6'. Got 1st layer of paint down. It's crazy colorful.
Misses me. Aww. So sweet. :P
Why did I just get a Lot I parking pass via email, when I already have a Lot C pass as a season ticket holder?
Wright going to DL? And the seasons over again.
Thanks so much, I'm new here!
Much love for the follow! Thank you guys for exposing the villains everyday, and helping us believe that heroes still exist!
continued "watching a visually impaired person go through 20 minutes of struggling" #gaad HOW TRUE!!
Loaded with your install discs is a way to do a hardware test. That might shed some light on things.
Hey I heard you were a wild one <3
#DontYouHateItWhen some people only act nice when they need something from you!
Whenever I'm feeling overwhelmed, I clean my desk. My drawer is now clean.
I had a great time tonight at happy hour with all the great people competing in the dumpling cooking contest. See you all sunday!
did you sweat it out lastnight? I'll go with you if you like it! XO
yo pittsburgh people if youre in town tonight check out at altar bar at 730
you need some bourbon dogg
The way I take things so personal sometimes 👎
I hope so. I really hope so.
Great to meet you, Angelina :)
I will keep posting more poetry, stay tuned :)
Look out! #YoungSiic will be featured on one of 's tracks. It's gonna be hot!
Recalling that time 12 mins ago that I wanted to sub Teal for Kei…
Thanks so much for the #ff, Chrissie!
Hey- just woke up. Didn't hear the phone ring
i think "hipster shorts" are the ugliest stupidest things ever
Scandal rocks! I've been a fan of yours from the beginning but thus far this is my FAVE!
Going to bed comment the pics ill return all tomorrow
The 7 train is the new worst. Special shoutout to the guy breathing on my neck. Also everyone kissing on trains everywhere. Nice sound fx.
Can U follow me ?
Little one is fed..about to get this upper body/core work-out poppin
"Game 7" may be the best two word phrase in sports.
RT : #Pinterest has exploded in the world of social media – from Sept 2011 to Feb 2012 it grew 866%
- Yes please cast your VOTE for Sam!
Everyone wants to be my friend when I'm texting
Welcome to #Twitter, !
thanks boo. He was just as studly then as he is now. ;)
Follow #InGenious Clothing Co. On Twitter #Fashion #Art #Style #Designer Please RT!
“I don’t know…. It feels like things are falling apart.” “You’ll build them up again. That’s what you do.”
hay is for horses
Nice! Sounds exciting! Everything is all good over here ;)
why u with selena i thought u guys would brake up
Well, we will see about that in the near future
Pianta: Research on Educare shows you can run high-quality #ece programs across the country, and do it well.
"A journey of a thousand miles, begins with a single step." -L Tzu...so take that first step today! #teamfitness #getlean #no fear
Watch out!
I agree, I think it would be a minor turn-off.. would have to think about this one, a new chat name.
On our way to Lafayette for a training day with our partners at Astonish!
hi sup...just followed u...can u do me a favor and ask if he blocked me
Show your support for the tonight at !
If u a good mother n u know it raise ur hand HAPPY MOTHERS DAY...
I'm at 1,244. I figure I got you. I need an e mail addy for you and for michael
Not a fan of any day that ends in "y".
Glad you did! It was good. I tweeted a lot. I was pleasantly surprised, they gave me a bit of hope. Santana knocked it out.
Shorts weather is definitely here!! What is your favorite brand of shorts?
And I got to hangout with my ethiopian princess made it even better. I love days like this now tomorrow we shall see.
Blessed' it was Nice seeing you on TL
I am blessed to say the least.
The Orlando facility will allow for quicker turn around times and the ability to provide better overall service to our customers!
Grilled chicken, baked potato, cucumber and tomatoes
: Scott has his cheeks.
Don't be tardy for the party! I'll be bartending tonight @ pb ale house, w/ anthony W. busting out the hot beats! Let's Do This!
#mmauncensored Your show SUCKS!
Good to have to here. I know you will give us a music education like no other!
#YouKnowYourBoyfriendsWhipped when he makes you sandwiches!;)
boy you got my heart beat runnin away. beatin like a drum and its coming my way. cant you hear that boombadoomboom bass? (:
Uptown = biggest mistake every week! So mad I work next week! BiTter dot com!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get all of 's tweets and feel left out
Gonna be a long day at work. Can't wait to get outta here to fly to to see and
tell me you got this right
Im bored -__-
Hey I have a card for you from EPPS. When will you be on campus?
Great ASTD Houston chapter briefing conference call today. Thanks to all who attended. Looking forward to the feedback.
mario and fantasy football. And I thought I knew you.
#1ThingIWant for this research paper to be done!
no letting go - wayne wonder
"The line of people in this world who really care about you ends here"
Good morning #Indy, it's another cold morning,, #snow on the way. or so they say.
Goodnight World<3 :)
Excited to be in with today from 1-3! Come join us for fashion and treats!
already did (back on Dec. 28). Hoping to see my name pop up on Twitter notifying me that I won!!!!
Good! It was a stupid and totally unnecessary things to put in the show!
...When your good and get that chance its.
what time does freeze tag start?
Same to you. Hope you have pretty weather like we do this weekend.
The designs are now up, check them out!!
That was awesome.
Oh! Oh! I see you doin that!
I loved the video pls follow:D
Aaron Hernandez of hoops
hahaha ;D #purple .
hahaha... thats why I play on the computer.
my name is marie. Its 11:30 here. so how old are you??
Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band live this Friday (April 27th)! Tickets are still available!
joking about the shoppe or the Beiber? (What's a Beiber?) Btw I love the work Vice does. Particularly the North Korean stuff.
Kiss her neck down to her stomache
one lonely beastie I be...
Great news in the karaoke scene coming real soon!
Coming tmrw on Work It: The launch of a new series on workforce issues in the industrial/manufacturing sector. And a new "Ask Doug & Polly"
Mitt Romney simply pivots.
the have a 0-2 record this year against #NFL teams with a #winning record. They eat cupcakes & beat cupcakes :) #Boston Worst
Does being a parent make you a better teacher? Or does it just make it easier to talk to other parents?
How will you see to getting every USA citizens vote to count? From the homeless to those stationed abroad, to hanging shads
Good day today playing some soccer!
RT "want to join Team BrewDog? + help make BrewDog Beer?- Experience great bt nt necc, Various production positions" DANG!
7812 st charles #nothiding the return of
You at Hooters?!
Absolute! RT People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it! ~ Chinese Proverb ☺
Happy Halloween to averybody!
AWESOME RSL GOAL
I'm convinced that people who like their own status also masturbate while looking at themselves in the mirror
you are off the hook sir! /cc
Our very own has been chosen for a national study. Congrats & keep up the great work!
Sometimes I think printer ink is one of the most expensive liquids on the planet.
Ratchet girls from butzel embarrassing us in Tustin Michigan. :-O
Hey Mr. Banker ... you are not safe here.
on what planet?!?!
When girls say im fun size -___- what's so fun about less candy?
Because this is some weird spelling that I think is coming out of Central America.
right on, thanks!
Gulping down large cups of coffee and glad to be here! Make sure you listen in every Thursday 4-6am! - Jackie&Carolyn
