diversity of sources of energy, trans of energy to deficient areas & public & private investment are tools to secure energy
Yes you are pretty ugly...
Do you know what a mice said when it saw a bat?Mom ! I see an angel.
Hopeful that the afternoon train ride to New York City will dispel crankiness.
Saw your tweet. You're in my prayers.
You have a face for radio.
You like it better than instapaper?
the man is in the building!!!!!
Hi, - great #twitpics . Thanks for the follow!
You mean a potted plant? Why is there a tree in the middle of the room? ps--pnut butter will help get it out, but do it ASAP
I was born on July 31st. It would feel weird to celebrate my birthday in Feb. Too close to valentines day, fewer presents.
Auto insurance? We check dozens of top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I will:)
Movies with my sister =)
#vsa2011 non-visitors: participant q: How do you know people being videoed are behaving "normally"? A: After 10min they forget about you.
Srinivasan: One use of the cameras was to document promises by local government that went unfulfilled
I don't live with you! Who are you? If my wife saw this she would be pissed!
2 more followers and the surprises begin ...
im GLAD you decided to follow that account
RT : is presenting on Texas Portal Project - Huzzah #JHUAAM at
"You shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am the LORD."~Leviticus 19:30
WTF Australians actually slaughter camels because there're just too much camels until they've become pests. mygad.
Magic tournament :] text if you want :D
Plotting out our 3 year plan.
oh whoops!!!! Embarassingggg!
India reports first cases of "total drug-resistant tuberculosis"
Order sent to Caitlin in PA!
When less money is coming in, naturally you should stop spending more than that amount. I live on a budget, how about you do it too.
I dream of the day when someone from the street comes up to me and goes "excuse me, are you from twitter?"
do it TODAY, not Tomarrow...keep GOD 1st!!!!!
Training good habits take the stealth of good teachers and self-care.
#DLFForum wifi tip - try turning AirPort off and then back on, and then go through the connecting steps again.
I got a 9 out of 10 on my homework. I only did half the problems.... This teacher fucking loves me.
*pukes in mouth* well good work keep it up lmao
For the next 3 hours swing by Mangiamo Pronto and get the deal shown here: Live Music & First Drink Free!
I can make that happen.
I could be:)
I have no clue how to use this new Facebook...
If you blame schools for this, then you will need to "blame" them for civil rights, rock and roll, etc.
Ew i have a terrible headache all of a sudden
I supported the idea of "baby-steppin it" when helping kids read. I'm now applying that belief to my own learning about teaching.
Turns out Super Bowl Sunday is NOT the #1 day for domestic violence. It's ANY Sunday.
Cool concept. Include me as a fan.
Done tracking drums for the upcoming E.P!!!!!!!!!!!
serious??? Get on the gin gin (gin&gingerAle)
shhh you know you'll always forgive me. Unless I give you an incurable disease. Then I'd understand if you didn't.
You know, I haven't read either. I purposely avoided secondary sources to avoid having it color my judgment.
when they come out
ehhhhhh not for a while....but you know I stay reppin that 317 all day...
Don't shoot me but I never put your new cell in my phone! Call me!
After watching a large portion of Nuggets/Lakers, my anti-NBA position is strengthened. The level of play is obviously higher, but...
yes you do. Who else would be the only person I tell certain things to
If you want to protect the sanctity of marriage, ban divorce!
You didn't go through torture thankfully. I wonder how many people didn't bother because it was so poorly handled.
“: Who's going to see the Snowman himself Young Jeezy at Market tonight!...” i am
all is good bro...and u?
Hey, chestt! How are you?!
I want to say something mean but I'll refrain. :) RT Do me proud Luck!!!
naww but I can be there in 30
Uggg home and horny
Movie recommendation is Tupac Shukar in "Poetic Justice"
So crazy to find out Tupac was never real. Apparently he was just a hologram the whole time.
I havent figured out how I feel about The Devil All The Time by Don Pollock but it's definitely worth your time. Pollock is a great writer.
scraight up lmao I had a feelin you might say that :o)
I added baby bok choy to it. Perfect addition.
#Vanity nightclub showing some Vegas newbies how to DOUGIE. Follow me on Twitter #RPM nightclub
Ahh...what a busy day!!
MTV's Video Music Award's. Oh Yeah
Visit the booth at the #Health & #Fitness #Expo in this Saturday May 12 #FREE #MASSAGES by
love it! i might for june too. need to start writing again asap! stories stuck in me probly bad for the health!
country girls
"Abstract art makes us think. The less there is to look at the more important it is that we look at it closely." (NGA's Pictures of Nothing)
the slow brown fox waslked past the lazy dog.
Heart, hustle and muscle! -Stacey King
Twitter is the same way!
Happy Holidays from The Picnic (Dave), (Alex), (Jesse), (Adam) & Tyler (No Twitter)
We'll see about that. RT : My exp: All Safeways are anti-bike rack
ASSASSINATION WAS ABORTED WHAT HAPPEN IM BREATHING... IF KING STOOD HERE I TELL U WHAT HE SAID... IM HERE IM HERE
NEW YORK!!!
Follow for updates and special offers!!!
im about to DM you my number , so we hopefully meet up & icn get the costume. . The white one to maxwell
feels like shit.
Party this weekend!Can't wait to hit the lights w/ my gurls 💄🎉🎈📷📱💗
What are you guys doing for the #Bucks game tonight?! Are you going to watch the NFL Draft, also?
hahah so true!
Pacers squander a 19 point lead. Lucky to be going into overtime.
Buffalo wild wings!
Print it on a piece of paper, LIGHT THAT PIECE OF PAPER ON FIRE, and check your mailbox for ALL of the cookies.
Headed to the artwalk in long beach. alright!
Hw the fuck is Man Overboard trending? They're shit live...
Welcome to the Chapman Graduate School! :)
the way they've been handling online releases and sales have frustrated me to the point to where I just may stop collecting
MailChimp has loads of features that help you connect with your readers on their preferred social networks.
stressing out about the tryout routine for tm :\
it's all good I can appreciate
The Yankees, Red Sox, and Marlins all losing Opening Day.
Such a nice day in the city! Bryant Park is so festive this time of year! =)
Farmers Market, State Street and 1000s walking for the #marchofdimes makes the #WI Capitol the place to be this AM. Summer is on it's way!
Getting to know an awesome new colleague the last month of school when I'm leaving in June = bittersweet
if I were you I would get my resume together is going to #Fail or become a furniture maker. HA
So #nfl fans ... #Rams pick up 2 firsts, a second, and swap firsts with #Redskins for RG3? Nice. #Colts pondering what might have been.
And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me - spiritually and financially
Phone=lonely mood=idk
Watching The Real Housewives of New Jersey with Viggle 5/13 | 10PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ALRIGHT. WHO UNFOLLOWED ME?
I'm ready for vacation!!!!!!b
Yes mam I am!! I will see you tomorrow!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Sometimes When I'm with you my mind on somebody else
Has a 42-40 team made the finals before or since 1976?
Thanksgiving is 28 days away!
Riding around with my mom listening to Hello on :)
Got new clothes from PINK(: yum 💗
Last night was epic
Follow -- a top #DC interior #design professional.
oh yeah! Hit repeat on the iPod!!!
awesome like always!
Ink and dagger
Congratulations to the Sooners for their BIG 12 victory and thanks to All OKC Party Bus passengers for a great weekend!
it is early yet. Lots of game to play yet. Maybe they are trying to make it interesting. Happy New year
*Brushes teeth*
Potential adopter is coming to meet him this afternoon. Picked up the packet so didn't have to this morning.
why does Parky have to Purina?
Hey, you don't have to or anything, but if you want to, feel free to nominate me for a Pushcart Prize.
I think they should change the #tebowing pose from kneeling and praying to lying flat on your back...
I will bring the bread :)))
#8: Obstructing an officer (lying to the police), FINE:
Probably the best mix anyone has made me since my Reizenstein days.
So proud of my best friend, business partner and now sister queen ! Congrats, love!! The are up to big things!
Can a plane (not the passengers, but the plane itself) be skanky? Because this plane feels skanky to me.
Just downloaded the free new album. It's not bad.:)
Hah. Then again, I'm not sure it would be bad thing.
The most fascinating option ALWAYS wins
Do you need Air Conditioning service we can help call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Am I the only person who stays locked in their room practically all day during the daytime? RT if I'm not alone.
Goal 2: Living the Dream ahh love this movie :)
I'll say I hate a song then you'll go request it the whole night long
“Tact: the ability to describe others as they see themselves.” ― Abraham Lincoln
That's a compliment, by the way. I'm not a dick.
It's official I can't replace my now moved visiting teaching companion.:( At this point a husband would be very handy. VTsub & pnutjaropener
Michael Come back to Madison! We could use you!!
That reminds me that I'll be 48 in less than 90 days
Desmond with walk off homer for Back to now
Earth to Major Tom...this is a BaMu test
Yes, and I didn't like it.
Infant filled flights are fun
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. Malcolm X
I'll get back there one of these days.
Do they still have ringbacks???
. Ha. Asked , just to be sure! Angels & Airwave's led by *the* , from San Diego + the band blink-182.
FUCK YES. OMG.
--> Not yet. I plan on reading it though.
You'd make a good crow. You're wasted in radio!!!
just made a new video ....get on facebook or youtube and check it out
just do lunges or run in place during every commerical break... you wont feel so bad! lol BTW we need to do lunch soon!
lol I hope in the end I can convince her of your way of thinking otherwise I'm toast lol
I can't watch, I can't watch
Heehee...would you believe I got the idea from a twee fashion site I follow on Pinterest?! LOL.
Diversity Platinum! Two new restaurants on board! Lulu/Palm Springs and Acqua Pazza California Bistro/Rancho Mirage.
sweet! When did you get one?
Best Price High Sierra Trapezoid Boot Bag Boot Bag, Black Reviews ...
enjoying this Saturday morning!!.
Where are the facts about babies? I need some baby facts!!
Awesome!! I am going to be with my film fest at Villanova ce soir - gonna miss everything! :(
Why do you think we all have a need to root for someone or team, often an underdog? I think it keeps hope alive why do you think we do it?
i wish i could sing.
today is the only thing on my radar. Good luck today bestie.
Thanks to #chevysxsw for saving me from walking lots and lots of blocks!
Is that like a coconut something with a load of raw pork?
aw, I've seen a few men pull off pants-in-boots stateside. Only leather, not rubber (unless you're a fisherman or farmer).
fine, how's your day so far?
In bed exhausted had a great time now to rest and get ready for BMTH tomorrow :-) whos going ?
Depression has a way of making you drowsy.
Great! Thanks so much!
Gold bugs. In caves. Back into the earth they plunge.
Commence the next edition of #MarathonWriting in the office!
follow me? (:
Sure, looking forward to it.
what is the best, most durable, with many options & user friendly BLENDER for a Fitness Professional?!!
sees several different forms of precipitation within the last 24 hours - rain, freezing rain, snow, sleet, and fog.
Adam, I think we will see new development in next few hours.
Come hand out at the Taphouse Grill and play a little pool with us!
Z before work ;)
Don't know if I should stop eating as much or just work out more. Hahaha.
RT : All Fairfax County public school activities for this afternoon and evening are canceled. More at www.fcps.edu
Used to play against in high school. The guy was FILTHY, and it shows in the NHL today.
Bang bang bang! I'm breaking in, stealing all my love back giving it to her.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're producing that into a production too.
Getting ready to see tonight's new episode of supernatural yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for including us!
u got ur weave and eye lashes at the same time buy 1 get 1 half off lol far from cute girl an im not joking
Doing some research on the digital music industry - does anyone know anyone that would be helpful to talk to?
Yo man. Can I leave some of my stuff with you over the summer?
Gotta get up and hit the gym..I've had a three day lay off...
Sex relieves tension - love causes it.
I 100% know the feeling #dragginghard. Thanks for the kind words - we'll keep the shows coming for ya!
Kobe is shitting all over Denver right now
The Sandman never visits me. ☹
lol but still sad my face was covered with make up i hate when they have to put that =(
Don't forget the novel,LEAVING ATLANTA, by , abt growing up during the murders. We're making a movie based on it.
Upset alert!!!
I saw so many freaks at Freaker's Ball tonight.
updated my twitter lists, you're now part of my UB-Staff group :)
The joys of campus housing- coming home to find construction equipment in your kitchen and the school has no record of why it's there...
Lots coming up in 2010...check the SGOTY flyer! Spend Saturday Night with Vegas' Finest!
cool, thanks, I'll pass it along
much love to memphis..i videotaped the 2011 playersball in memphis..and enjoyed myself.#nf #fb teamJuicyJ
and the comprehensive Curriculum of basic skills workbooks
Travelers, there is no path, paths are made by walking - Antonio Machado
My Whole TL About Beyonce . She Must Be Really On Her Shit
His heart is secure, he will have no fear; in the end he will look in triumph on his foes. Psalm 112:8
I vote this.
Ryan Hollins is taking his M.L. Carr role very seriously
Pretty good day at work. A lot of crazy stuff... And we're barely getting started. Oh yeah.
Spring treating you well over there?
She's like a 6 pack Easily passed around...
Strong burn. Now we're ready to box the world.
just bought tickets to go see wooooop :-)
#3WordsForYou I love you. ♡
wonderful! I might have to do a bit of a weekend in the theater soon...so many good movies.
I'd love to meet up with you guys too, and let me know if you do the meetup
Going all the way out to Vienna to pick up strawberries for the pies this week. The things you do for strawberries.
you can do it! If it helps, I am heavily involved in student orgs, I take 25 credits and still have a 4.0. Now get to work. ;)
Scanner Monitor: Powell Middle school Vehicle slide off into the creek. Littleton
I know who it is!!
Get ready to start telling your friends Bout
To answer the Golden Valley questions... It was a lunch event. A time capsule to be placed in spring.
really enjoyed your performance last night! Thanks :)
I don't think I know
You fell in love... Oh
anyone else watching the xolos-monterrey game? mexicans? no?
Having food fights and being blamed even though I had nothing to do with it #schoolmemories -.-
Just shot 18 gb worth of photos of law enforcement dog training. I got to wear the bite suit and have a dog turned loose on me. Awesome!
Those poor runners :-( I almost don't want to go watch them suffer through that...
Omg. This bitch got the kissy face in every fuckin picture!!! Kill that!
Everyone take the time out to rest on another beautiful #Sabbath Day. Set yourself apart on this day by #following ALL God's commandments!
sounds like a bitch
Lady my suit cost me more than your monthly mortgage payment. I think u will be safe on the elevator with me. Color arousal is a mother...
do you guys have a link to that Bears song I heard on the show tonight?
I know!! But it's ok! I can watch alone! He rolls his eyes at Twilight too, hehe
That other dude is the generic crazy bread to your authentic Crazy Bread
Thanks for the RT! What's new in NY these days? Haven' been up there in a month or so.
If youre going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
Gruden vs Kiper - mondo berserko fight on ESPN. Weirdness Live.
Hey, I'm planning on applying to BMI this August. Any chance I could pick your brain via email?
T-Mobile pissin me off...!! Why am i getting my texts late?
What kind of guy Kimberly's daughter is NOT allowed to date... help us out!
LG android Batteries suck
I wonder if the top 3 gets a line somewhere like idol finalists get record deals. I hope so cause all of them are so talented!~
You do know your other friends got hurt by that.
yes! I miss the Yuba everyday.
Woke up with a really watery eye and fuzzy vision in my right eye.
Maybe i care to much about my lyrics having meaning and making sense. Imma go back to being ratchet!
Don't miss importance of human contact in trying to get PR - sometimes it's appropriate to call instead of emailing.
why is my 18 yr old brother trying to convince me that he saw 3 UFOs this past weekend?
Whats the big news, mister?
Watch out for us on tomorrow between 9:10 and 9:30 a.m. to see our fitness line in action!
I will be Monday
The people who don't like me don't even have a legitimate reason to why they don't. *shrugs*
At Java joes with Pablo jazz duo w/ guests.
aww!! I sent my info, it was similar to the fuse email bit with more questions!! lol
You say you're really gonna try.
Cant believe how fugazzi we are
It's evidently the place to be at Noon before Super Bowl!
is looking forward to my interview this morning on with Moxy Recording artist
Glued to the t.v. all the time now
Cheryl Burke and Chad Ochocinco -- Walking with the Stars
Keeping busy-doing well-and you?
I need money! Paycheck please!!!!
looks forward to ringing in 2011 - in a mellow way :)
I'm gonna miss you so so so much! ❤
Shoplifting at an Albuquerque Target, with a friend and three small children, Nicole Valenzuela used her baby as a shield, to avoid capture.
u are such a great singer!! Iv seen your videos on youtube and ur soo cul! :)
so productive!
Petrino still shares some love for UofL. Check out this pic from his house which is now up for sale. Can you spy the Cardinal head?...
I know. It would help if I didn't bark at them. ;)
Why does #RecallWalker get all the attention? Don't forget to #RecallKleefisch (aka #Recall4realz) too!
Thanks for the RT! Looking forward to a great TedxYouthDay in Miami!
Hoping the hawks and m's come through for auction donations! That would be sea town spirit to the max!!
Yes, that's where they belong.
More Notable Birthdays: Janet Jackson, Brian F. O'Byrne, Tucker Carlson, Tracey Gold, David Boreanaz.
Weirdly, none of them accepted my offer of spiked apple cider. (p.s. never combine Dayquil with spiked apple cider.)
My clients are playing flip cup with cocaine instead of booze. This is normal behavior...
you should check out the foreign film Don't Move. Its a good one.
Always smile--it makes people think you're up to something :-)
I wonder what I should get my mom for mothers day
I know
Is it unusual that he didn't inform SG or JW first?
#whosgonnalose - Pittsburgh v North Carolina - tie vote
Isaac is very impassioned about this.
Nathan Fletcher for mayor???
If I'm with you, I'm with you. Nobody else matters.
Come on by this Fri. and see us, Third Stream Giants, at The Otter House, 1005 Princess Anne St. Fredericksburg VA.! :)
Today's the first I've ever seen it
17 page math packet. Due tomorrow.
SAM KELLY IS THE WINNER OF THE SEMI FINAL YES :D
TRIVIA: What is the legal term for a voluntary written statement made under oath?
that's a great idea and I will now plan to do that! See ya at rodeo?
Graduation ceremony ended @ 4:00, just now getting to the car.
AAU talk: talented teams that put a premium on D Are the teams that are winning and are being followed by coaches. Simple concept.
#dontactlikeyounever got hung up on & didnt notice but when u did u was looking dumb founded
whip it.... whip it... like its jiffy..!! All this money.! Gotta get it.!
California recruits tend to commit late in the season. Great catch for the Trojans with Hawkins.
Met iconic tv venezuelan personality Beto Perdomo and he said I had an excellent future in tv! life is good
Feeling a little bit better this morning.
any summer youth jobs?
was looking #sosweet with the clean shave in preparation for a big first day at his new gig. Best of luck today sir.
BEST FRIEND STOP SNORING
to go to college
PCFF Tickets on sale in 35 minutes!! The cheapest way to buy is in person at the Plaza Theatre Box Office.
Agreed. Call was accurate under the rules. Just is ticky-tack compared to personal fouls.
I love this! So cute! I'll show Cossette! Thanks!
G.M.N.I.: I'm the Juggernaut, BITCH!! And I got a bitch w/ me!!
I just wanted to tell you that your prom dress looked AMAZING! I loced that silly pic of you and Alex (:
Mitt Romney in DC next Tuesday for fundraising event. "Lawyers for Romney"
I have a pic on my phone of a "toy" doing a disappearing act in my body
get ready lmao Better than all of our others lol
Such great energy this morning...
thanks! Not currently a way to hide unread counts, but I'll add it to my list.
LOL I think I saw him in the concession stands getting some popcorn
It does!
We still universities, but we need them OPEN. at
Tonight would have been a good night to have cable. Must see GLEE!
- After time at on Congress I am enjoying some espresso at Frank - Good job
“: thanks !”Your welcome!!
My taste in music varies greatly
We're deep in 2012, and yet many of the best type foundries still expect us to use sIFR. That went out with IE6 and cufon.
your on a following spree?! Omg. If you followed me that would make me the happiest girl in the world!
Some men choose to wear a goatee. Others favor a chinstrap, mutton chops or a Van Dyke. These days I'm sporting the "neglectful teen."
Going 2 cook ur fav meal,run u some bath water,massage u,lick & suck ur pussy,& give u this good dick 4 no reason at all other than I love u
Congratulate me,I've 4 months with my bfd today)))I love you
Well it's pretty much amazing so… ^_^
Times have change so fuck it and get a new watch;)
So proud of my lil brother. He finally got his sh1t together.
#Thatawkwardmoment when you have a wedgie the size of Saturn
Bucking papa bear Demint as stevekingism... RT : Steve King says he will attend Obama speech tomorrow, despite DeMint comments.
came to the lab ready to go in and got humbled by these beats... Now I gotta come up with a new game plan.
You would say that, and can't wait to see you! Hope the FL trip was fun, glad you boys survived!
2 AM has a REALLY annoying way of sneaking up on you, especially when you have a class in the morning.
Thank you soo much! How's the family?
I heard a "yes", "no" chant during Extreme Rules, Bryan vs. Sheamus match right after the second fall. :-)
TGIF, Lube Nation! Kick off your weekend with some WINGS from The Lube!
at the rate we're all training there may be no members able to make the Clydesdale weigh in.
Why the fuck u tryna play me dawg I aint gon no time to sit around and play wit yall!
*laughs* i knew you'd appreciate that one. i miss you again. it has to be time to meet up!
Grindin and Workin hard is super worth it if its gon make my Future seeds life better than mine!
what should i do if my friend is trying to kill herself after being bullied??
sum1 was living in my house and did sumthin they shouldnt have so i robbed my house and took all they shit. Then called the pol ...
Busy preparing for this upcoming Legislative session.
Err-Day I make sh*t happen #Hustlin'
Ready To Get My Day Started #Focused ❕❕❕❕❕
got all pieces for 8feet long4feet wide4feet high savannah monitor lizard enclosure I got too long of screws to put it together
The way i feel not wanted
Just spotted Miley at Lincoln in Miami,not hard considering all the paparazzi -.-
My last four meals in Chicago have all been lamb. My friends tell me it is acceptable to brag in this case.
Happy Birthday !!
Nice one! The red is distinctive. Famous Wake scholar used to cram two lines of notes between lines of text with calligraphy pen
thanks for the note, F. I'll have my comments about the OWS track to you this weekend. In short, I like it.
Articles about what? Online databases are just replacements for the old print indexes-lots still in libraries. (RGP now online!)
camilla knock them bitches out mimi whack ass
RT : I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
Jus got threw runin in the rain from the Jeff city state captial
Drafting a top DL at #6 sounds great, but then I remember the names Courtney Brown and Gerard Warren [shudder]. Esp. D'Quan Bowers.
You goin tomorrow?
&#39;American Idol&#39; recap: This race is too close to call
Say "fly-ass". -30 swag points RT Get a fly-ass haircut. +25 swag points
Motivate - That is quite different from being rash.
lol.thanks cant wait to see them. have a blast!
Awesome tribute to Springsteen at Kennedy Center Honors. I didn't miss it!
Todays goal- Do one thing better.
Oh, internet! I'm in Seattle and I sent you a DM.
.#Rossen. Remember when moms needed to know the "dignity of work" ? I guess that's different 4 white rich moms! Sickening
If you like baseball, hell if you like sports in general, turn on MLB Network or ESPN2 to possibly see history.
But for some reason I don't want this year to end...
I'm watching the last house on the left ! (:
beat that bitches,
well you have to think: do I really want to look like a bear man?
RT : Life is full of beauty. Notice it.
Almost! I had to stop at my grandpa's. But I'm on 92nd, I gotta put my boots on then I'll be ready (;
We can only wish. Musburger forcing him to drink beers": Any chance Herbie can hustle over to AZ to do color for the Fiesta Bowl?"
Sitting with my sick dad in icu :(
We're glad =)
The end is just a new beginning.
May the Fourth, blah blah blah
says I should say "hi" so HI
"Fanperson" just doesn't sound... enthusiastic. I'm not a fangirl of that word.
This is the first time I have opened my laptop since 11:30 PM on Saturday. I needed a break from work and my laptop for a day!
awesome :) looking forward to seeing you there!
Johnny Depp in Sin City 2? Life = Made
So I think the official drink of the weekend is the Bloody Irene
Contact for more information. :)
how does she stalk him?
Fucking right!RT : Moms Taught Me To Respect Women But Some Of These Women Today Don't Deserve A Bit Of Respect From Me......
The most glorious day in new york city....winter blues are officially gone!
Oh gosh, could 's tweets be more random? Haha :D
yeah, after 5
You gotta go to that Sports Business Conference on April 28th for class?
How many times have I said this.. Oh and I need a breathalyzer for my Facebook PW..
Dunno, cant speak for all of you. I'm the unknown, the x factor, the random face on the street of the IBL.
Can't deny Common.
My best friend is on that team. Check him out! I'll tell him you speak highly of him.
Actually, once found my 7yo brother watching a video of drunk people pretending to be spiderman (via youtube search)
We have lunch and hoops! : RT : Where are you taking in March Madness? DT
Ugnghh derek rose is so sexy ;D
Jamaican food is the best for sure! RT : Yummy! :)
Super Bowl was awesome you guys! I hope you enjoyed the 2 for 1 hot wings!
Is there a Straight Edge version of Burning Man? Possibly in a place with more shade?
#ff DO THIS
Hi Irene, - love myofacial- had it done eons ago B workshop & so powerful. Nice to meetya from
looking forward to hearing about it....3 weeks beauty!!!! ;)
you suck!
I should clarify - What shocked me was that she changed in light of how well journos have been digging up dirt
interesting note on Wilber. Felt Miss St ran @ him w/ success in Bowl game. Seemed similar mold as Jones, Walden.
Midterms are on Thursday and Friday. -_-
Dear Jersey Shore folk, y'all really need to get a different type of life. Pretending that you're at Karma?
r u jealous that i won the ultimate prize of my own doodoo in a light truffle sauce.....
lets get studying
See you tonight!
I saw a picture of the water of Greece not exactly what I had in mind
Was Nick stoned?
is the voice reality tv?
ALL things... Good Morning Tweeps! Be A Blessing Today! "Happy" Friday! >> It was way too early to spell check. :)
Got a killer shipment of and at my last night- loving the vivid colors coming in this spring!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
You are so lucky, my dream is to go to Canada!!!:)
To be beautiful it not about looks it about your state of mind.....
the Lions have the talent now they need the poise and patience to make it happen!!!
so ready to get this accounting final over with!!
Looks like I shouldnt drive anymore, theres a chance of me dying
By too soon I just meant that they can't possibly get the hologram ready in time! haha
Lots of late nighters for Christian Marclay's The Clock. Great to see art-infused night life like this in LA.
Just spotted Anna Paquin & Stephen Moyer in & crowd. How is Sookie not endorsing the ?
Waiting for the big Puppy Bowl Baby!!
'Straight Edge' people annoy me. I'm all for people not drinking or doing drugs, but it doesn't make you a better person.
it's affecting my brain
lucky! Have fun:)
Enjoy ur day... do sumthin memorable, we only get these every 4 years
Just one day until #GUBday on January 23, 2012! Come out to Sellinger Lounge tomorrow for birthday cake and to make a wish for Georgetown!
At yesterday's #LovePDX event explained how to use customer journey maps to gather user research. Nice job, Barb.
Feng Shui Tip: CLEAN OUT those spaces you don't see (under your bed, closest, drawers) - any blocked energy stagnates the entire room.
take my hoodie tomorrow (:
I feel awesome because I didn't go out last night.. although a bunch of people showed up at my house at 2 AM... randomly.
no problem:) x
Loved the chapter about your Father, thank you
so glad it was helpful! thanks for sharing!
Hee! It's a kick to see someone having such a good time in my city!
Super excited for the outreach tonight although I'm not attending I'll be praying
Starting to miss the sun
Happy St. Nick's! Think I'll eat cookies for breakfast in his honor.
Aerodynamically, the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway. ~ Mary Kay Ash
I hear that too! It's the small things... :)
That depressing moment when you shout out the wrong answer in class with CONFIDENCE
happy valentine's day :) my boyfriend got me hello kitty stuff! knows me too well.
it's not insomnia. it's just too much work.
Hey Eliza, let's talk before the end of the conference, want to get more feedback on your sync situation :)
now my back hurtz
Ms. Moore, here me roar!
You shouldn't judge anyone for what they've done, because people change.
We'll keep ya in suspense until next week. How do you like those apples?! Ha! ;)
All dance all night: 1st up: at Shakespeare Theater Company and then hopefully #song1 party
It matters, because if you're buying the elite label as a shortcut to success, you might be surprised at what you get
Who will be in #Vegas this weekend?
i was somewhere in the front
We jus came to the soufside to by sum shit to get our mind right.
er....she fought the shorts and the shorts won
Clara Bingham believes abortionists should pay a "punitive tax" to cover the lost tax revenue from the population that never was
“: We only play for titles. RT : how come you guys don't hang the division banners?” Gangster!
Not ready for monday!
i always use to see you around south atlanta &woodstock(: i'm such a loser for not knowin' who u were in march2011-_-
AJ deserves this W. Finish em off.
you expressed my feelings
When somebody really cute follows you,omg
Just found out I'm going to the doctors at 5 . -____-
Sox - Orioles. They won, and put up 8 I think in the 1st. Plus there was a big fight with Papi! Haha
#FuckFeelings... Ima say what I have to say.
yo get ready for the macker were in the same division haha
I was on a whole 'nother level last night. Damn.
why dont I ever get a tweet from you? just a simple hey will make my dream come true. I love you!<3
There's some serious LARPing happening at the park right now.
were you at grand ave. today?
Hi! Happy Thanksgiving (late)!
FOLLOW US WE FOLLOW BAK NEW KILLUMINATI HIP HOP GROUP EMERGING OUTTA DALLAS, TX NO POVERTY NO MORE FOLLOW DA MOVEMENT
Leaving in a few on a boat cruise to dinner at #Amsterdam 15 Restaurant. Hope to see all #SOCAPeurope attendees there!
Find something else, find something better. And yes, totally give a speech and who's coming with me.
We will be there from 12-9!
LACROSSE SECTIONALS LEGGOOO 🌟
RT : EdVillage is thrilled to be a partner of Together, we will transform education practice in South Africa!
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' GOOGLE is waiting to go home with his new Family in Gaithersburg :)
I wish ppl well stop talking BS all the time
i mean igot the app on my ipod ,, but its soo far away !
python scraping session time
baby do u still wanna be my wife and why did u block me :'( :'(
. says that this is America. We don't ban things. We can burn the flag.
Don't run with scissors
When I get back to school my sleeping schedule is going to be messed up.
Sorry to hear that :( Did they break the window?
MY MAMA & MY LATE FATHER STARTED MARRIED LIFE IN BATTLE CREEK MI THEN GOT CAREERS IN KALAMAZOO MI
I agree there is NEVER a good reason to use them. I think in all honesty he thinks it is the only option to stop the leak.
some people just really need to die.
get them cheeks up.
Back at work after a blissful 5 days off with the hubby. We just stayed home. So much more relaxing than a vacation!
Completely safe call #nodefections": RT : HmMT : Ginsburg. If shock defection from left, it will be her."
Enjoy life!!!
Its a beautiful day on the Plaza. Join us for live music starting in 30min.
#PetPeeves when people don't mind they buisness.
Sittin alone in the living room...no love from the roomies tonight
60 and sunny yesterday and now I'm pretty sure I see snow on the ground. I'm very confused.
Thanks Pete! That's sure to soothe my poor throat. Hurts to swallow :((
Draw Something : iiAhmad =D
Woohoo! Looking forward to it! RT before i know it, its going to be my dinner date with the fabulous !!! Can't wait :)
": Ram wit it, just ram wit it, girl just ram wit it got that shit in my head lol" > Gone get that Choreography :)
thanks! Not a problem, I'm happy to help. Will they be sending you back again?
Not to play instigator, but that looked like some weird interaction between Bynum and Brown heading to the bench just now...
Also, prunes are basically candy. Especially when rolled in coconut flour.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 282
Newt Gingrich successfully delivers a pre-planned joke: Drink 10.
Listening to "Holes" (Sachar) on audiobook with my boys. Also reading "True North" (Bill George et al) and "Catching Fire" (Collins).
are you goin to howlin rain tomorrow? noticed you listened to their new album
Sunday!!!!! Time for some Football!!
Great event tonight at Love Stories and
Pops got me green tea!
she can't loose it running forward. I think she will get wider
Agreed! Thanks again and I look forward to the next one!
Yay Lauren! I hope to make it down to see it!
Wow. I sometimes wish I could hand out mouth filters. Maybe we should invent some as a gag gift. ;)
I'm never spelling somethin with a 'g' ever again...lol :) ♥
headin out for a quick skate then back to work.Working on art for a show opening March 17th!
I ain't even said nth yet look yo ass already over there nervous and you call me sensitive haha
Whaaaaa? He's alive?
Any body remember when U of I was relevant??
I like big boi penis.
#Fever - awesome track. Loved hearing it on mixmag's live stream. Big ups from Washington, DC!
Happy birthday we are another year older yooo
Overheard at practice last night: "It's not a tour if you have to go to work the next day."
Gotta fake it to make it
thank you sir, I imagine you got a 4.0 as well?
I love morning, especially if I manage to welcome the sunrise. Doesn’t happen often though…
I went to sleep at a reasonable time last nigh so I'm up early I ain't even gonna ask you why u up
M hm guess I gotta get up & work LOL! I hear ur gonna b back in town soon": Almost 7am...guess I'll get some sleep now! 💤💤"
So excited for "warm" weather !
“Masking passwords doesn't even increase security, but it does cost you business due to login failures.” -Jakob Nielsen
Atletic Bilbao just wrecked manU.. Shouldve scored more but DeGea saved them.. Beautiful soccer
Melkmans assist was HELLA better than Morgan's grab. Seriously.
On the way to Burlington, IA for a gig... Ready to get out of this van.
Karma got world peace.
*stands up & gives a standing ovation* That was the funniest twitter rant in the history of the universe!
Excited to head to tomorrow for the reverse career fair!
*sigh of relief* Thank the lawd!
why did you tweet me and delete it lmfao
let's get real, chex mix is the food with it's own food group, bacon is... bacon just sucks
lmao thats cuz everyone uses it...umm try something with a words and munbers, a combination of both will help your chances
You're welcome.
teh rain. it is come.
you are so nice
He does it himself, I think.
DC Race for Mayor, Vincent Gray vs Adrian Fenty....Wow Gray is winning, Mendelson is winning ( good job)
hurray for pineapple!
Described as "Woody Allen doing vaudeville," COBO welcomes Thursday. Come by for a hit of the good stuff!
": (nothing today)... what u getting into"
Mood Laptops the next big thing! I just think they are pretty :) I would need 10 colors for moods !
I already follow her.....Does that count? Haha
": Anybody know what an X over a string on guitar tabs means? Is that a palm mute?"its a dead notes, nothing fretted hit string
The Social Hoe
Number of PGE customers without power due to storm continues to drop. Only 1525 in Washington County, 653 in Clackamas, 908 in Marion
very astute observation. Perhaps desperate clinging 2 sexual prowess when male limbo lessens due to natural aging process?
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
you mean redemption lmao
Wake up!
ya lil slut.
It's officially National Career and Technology Education Month! A whopping 17,000+ students are enrolled in NISD CTE programs.
What a tweet it is to have you! RT : What a tweet it is to work here
I'm watching the godfather
Hello to one of my favorite Brummies, !
last day in NYC (until later this week!): Toronto tomorrow for 4 days.
Don't call it a comeback!
Nope. Skinny though.
the best #vma performance was Linkin Park awesome song!
You're welcome!
Ibanez is going to have a 30 100 year. Unreal. Way to go RAJ!
Can't sleep, wish I had my girlfriend here to cuddle with.
Champion Women ’s Sem-Fit Fitness Pant,Black,Medium Reviews
this is the tip of today MW3 tip of the day:wen u want to get extra pints use escort airdrop to share crates with teammates
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a deeper understanding of ourselves"
We're quite surprised that not many of you know about our 50%off sushi menu. Please check it out!
Gifts.... to your biggest investment, ur home. We are State General and State Roofing Contractors. 305-232-3344
#oomf be mind fucking himself.. Always think I don't mean what I say
there's a freedom being able to say what you want w/o people judging you.
damm leave the jack in the box alone.
Apparently there was an attempt to recreate Malmo as well. (learning good things here #cdp21)
My last Civics test (before the final) is on May 24th. That seems so far away.
Now that Barack Obama has been sworn-in as #44, maybe now would be a good time for me to get back to work.
Quit your day job and have some fun
BAD NEWS: Tim is not playing with us tonight... he is on tour with GOOD NEWS: We are testing a new song tonight!
played big part in the season for me. thanks
If u always follow the rules u will never see the value in having fun
My text buddy has a new girl so i guess im old news till they stop talking.. *Sigh*
WSJ: "York Peppermint Patty Shares Plummet on News of 's Lenten Commitment."
is on now! My two favorite people who make me laugh so hard it's crazy pain.
this movie is so sad
yall i almost hit with my car driving down the street yesterday...he was on his bike in the middle of pulaski..lol Sorry
‎"It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
With my pals at Al Deeby #Chrysler #Dodge #Jeep #Ram in Clarkston till 7. Come pick a present off the tree with
xD I have no life. That's why. ;D >FOREVERALONE< ;<
#ICanHonestlySay it's the start of an amazing week!
what u into??
small grabber...but i'm feeling fine now.
Indeed, my whole bedroom is in brown and green.
Learning to love the cheeseless pizza.
RT : XLVI letters are going up on Monument Circle today. Really enjoying the pre-game energy in #Indy!
You're welcome. Glad to tweet with you here! RT : Thanks for the follow
Wanting those who want to be healthy and live a full life, send me a tweet!
GREAT JOB TODAY BOYS!!! great meet, avon!
I know! haha! But it's not even 11pm yet! :]
Four nominees down and one to go. Who do you think it will be? Who is the frontrunner so far for #POTY1862?
Come to Virginia.(; <3
Jonny Craig gives me so much hope. Omg.
I had so much fun last night hanging out with my sis at webber's, and my play brother and his mom who is so sweet
Predicting a Crowie / Raelert photo finish!
All great work is preparing yourself for the accident to happen. --Sidney Lumet
Q3 I had to replace a surge strip this week because it caused a laptop charger to get hot. Lesson: check them regularly!
get her a card an write 228-5717 in it, she'll love it
so true always take your time. If not may regret it in the end
Well said ! RT : Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
Damn you sleep paralysis!!!
what in the world is selfridges??
Pat Robertson isn't qualified to speak about any issues except how out-of-touch he is with modern society. Go away PR!
going to my brothers baby shower today .. i am already spoiling my nephew, its gonna be worse when he is born :/
"Boner Voyage"
WELL... ON THE FACEBOOK LINK GOOD SIR....STAY TRUE TO SELF MOFOS
charles barkley for blazers gm!!
Good morning texts>> :) shows how much you care
Ugh I'm so sore!!
Maybe...it goes up and down all day long. Some days it is down almost the whole day.
Since I arrived in Cali its been super busy I need to sit back and take a breath ….still gotta keep it movin …..
Life is like a slideshow all the things ive seen all the things ive gone thru seeing my lows my highs all my experiences that lead me to now
Thank god for people that put boring stuff on the Internet, my broken hvac was fixed by a tiny tiny fuse
LET'S HAVE AN ANTI-PROM!
yeah i understand that but they can't resist not being jealous :p
hahah well I don't trust people I don't know doing my work!
Loved Quinceanera. Thanks for the follow. Excited about your new project. Spreading the word now.
When someone ugly has your name >>>>
I did my best!
I thought passing obamacare was pretty effing big
#2 words (follow both)
beautiful soul is playing in walmart #throwbacks <33
great blog on an AfrAm Edu Agenda: 1st, there need 2b a change in mind-set via parents, comm at-lg, & ed sys=pre-k on up
whoa he's cute:)
I woke up feeling horrible. I'm getting sick. :/
I LOVE The Way You Sing.!=) You Have Such A BEAUTIFUL Voice.! I Wished I Could Have A CD And Autograph Of You.!
You are not going to loot a candy store in the middle of a war!
DRUDGE SIREN! Romney supports gay couple adoption and didn't know what homosexuality was back in the 60s.
All the kindness which a man puts out into the worldworks on the heart and thoughts of mankind
My favorite James Bond film is the one in which he fought Trevor Plouffe.
Sit Mcgee
See him in Noche Latina! RT : Eddie Liaangs Wunderland performed byTWB would sustain me on a desert island the rest of days
Moon is great; go see it
Learn to drive, Charlotte! Wholly moly ....
That long sarcastic laugh you make before you say no.
redneck: that's a lot of savings...now i need my kids fingers to help me add this up.
Thinking about Valentine's Day plans? How about a 5 course meal of aphrodisiacs paired with champagne at Cuvee Champagne Lounge.
Bo felt this was the only way to get Uthoff to talk to him about why he intended to transfer.
my teacher is such a bitch..
What was Chloe Sevigny wearing last night at the MET gala?
we discussed music as well. But mostly we talked about the grange.
This request for Aimee Mann's hubby came from !
Will you be angry with us forever? Will you prolong your anger through all generations? Psalm 85:5
Follow me on instagram :D
clearly a case of "parents just don't understand"!!
RT if you think the #Badgers are going to win tonight! We have $3 16 oz. Miller Lite Aluminum bottles on special!
Man I aint been on twitter in a minute what the fuck is up?
you already know though
who needs more likes?
I want to live in a farm someone switch with me
Kendra Wilkinson & Her Two Favorite Boys Go Tree Hunting Kendra Wilkinson-Baskett, hubby Hank and son Hank Jr. got into the holiday spiri
Jacob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"Bcuz he is also a Very Hard worker...
he was great
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment
Today I ate two slices of pepperoni, a carnitas taco, and a plate of chicken chow mein.
Having lunch to celebrate the 2000th IB World School in the Americas...
Not a fundamentalist, but I can see why God would prefer those two to me.
VBoxManage from command line makes theses tasks easy.
no it won't because it's anger that I'm expressing.
United Sons of Toil. King's Horses. Canyons of Static. Absolutely. All at the Borg Ward tonight. We endorse this.
ty I love you too!
headed to an audition
Thanx for the mention and the very early head start to
...and we're open for business! Come get a Truffled Old Fashioned from Murray and Jamie!
your crew is running off to baseball games!
I just bought & viewed the pilot episode of Pan Am to hear your score, wanted to say that I think you did a wonderful job!
Thank you so much, Patrick!! What a thrill!! I'm posting this on FB. Hope you all had a great time at the Winchester House! xoxo
Happy Birthday to !
I love eating
RT : Calls tonight ?
(3/3) 4) Washington DC 5) Atlanta, GA. Honorable mentions Destin, FL and Chicago, IL
#Broncos Dawkins "they gave me opportunity to just be...they loved me, made me feel appreciated (Broncos)."
hopefully there are things to add that you discover in Colorado, this is the best state to be in for the summertime
Thanks for sharing!
Going to get my nails done soon..then church program(:
We could build one for Ben Sheets and make it outta glass, then take bets to see how long before it breaks.
Happy National High Five Day - give somebody a high five and while doing it, invite them to church with you this weekend
Frat guys shoot the shit. Why dont they just flush the shit and shoot themselves? People will wonder why the sexual assault rates went down.
yeee I'm excited,it's my first time
Getting ready then Christmas Party :)
Treat a girl how you treat your xbox.
RT : Anybody wanna road trip to Atlanta and back Friday??.. This girl will drive! so close so close
We're still number #1 on the ReverbNation Rap charts for Phoenix, AZ. the Best has arrived!!!!! the rest just survived!
Couldn't agree more with the blog post. Personality is the key. Someone could be great looking and have a terrible personality.
Tweeting from 3d meeting 21st Century Conservation Service Corps federal advisory committee, Rocky Mtn Arsenal, Colorado
Hard Boiled (1992), on film
triple h talk a lot of shit
LMFAO that awk moment.when hailey goes to the premiere and sees cody and.kylie.lol hailey SIT
When I tell you this Gambian producer is sick....I mean it. Chey lee fuhnkoi wahey?
I read this and immediately went and listened! It's pretty cool! They are starting to sound like Linkin Park again!
Bosh said he the point guard!
miss sass pants!
Checking out the High Museum's ArtClix app at #mcn2011. Looks to be elegant...
a lot of luck too my friend; and maybe a blowout by somebody...
thanks for the follow! Let me know if you need anything mattress or furniture related???
im on a beach in DR soaking up the sun and drinking =)
For those looking for footage of Donald "Duck" Dunn, consider watching Otis Redding's performance at the Monterey Pop Festival.
details to please.
Looking at weekend library hours & wishing I had opened that late night library that serves alcohol when I first thought of it...
My parents worked w/ my school. I did work @ home & had extra time for missed exams. Can you see if your school will help?
speak your mind 2 those over aged live pro/crybabbies
Sounds amazing, beautiful and slightly poetic. I miss Astoria. All I see are yellow city lights, the skyline and cars.
hey everyone go check out topnotchescorts.net we are all 100% real and the best in houston! Dont miss out
A one-out triple by Mikey Baker drives in Marshall Gei and Eastern takes a 1-0 lead over St. X in the B2.
already know big J up n this 
where did you do your internship?
U was my first ever follower lolRT hey twubby.
REALLY AUSTIN MORE TWEETS?! I have school and TRYING to sleep ! Haha I'm a stay up late until you notice me thats my dream<3(;
I'm on the fence...
Jenga&Juice tomorrow night!
didn't want to answer that lmao! Especially the way it was worded.
u ever done that ?
healthy attitude, healthy mood.....
the bluray should be worth it for the correct audio alone (R1 DVD has PAL speedup, which loses its resonance)
People are so lame. Don't follow me if you're only looking to gain another follower. You will get deleted quick.
on some torrent site :p
Happy New Year! And head is just shy of exploding - working on research presentation at Soc. for Hist. Arch. Conference Thurs.
MY NEW BUS IS UP AND READY I AM SO HAPPY OK BACK TO THE MONEY CALL ME FOR THE PARTY BUS 786 223 1654
Dis is amazing
Spending Valentine's Day alone. LIKE A BOSS.
She cooks with passion. I want her peas, please.
A good number of people miss out on Boston restaurant week menu every year so we decided to send a friendly reminder
Writing update: We brought the 'low and slow' on the latest tune. This album continues to intrigue us as it unfolds. -Joey
Help me #blackra1n, you're my only hope.
Prediction.: Librarians will become greeters in Walmart's implementation of an EMR.
I am my own boss.
One clonazepam and I'm out, Milwaukee. It's been fun.
I fucks wit that Team: ...the characters names in the avengers are "
Got your follow. Thanks. Branding. Cool. Profile should say Beautiful WaPost Columnist, though. Have fun out there, for sure.
Time to pump some iron!!!
The homie is talking lots of French up in here.
Half Priced Bottles Of Wine All Day
I threw a quarter in the well and wished for you . Looks like it came true
at this time in 168 hours , i will be in California !
marketers need to build digital relationships and reputation before closing a sale- Chris Brogan
Really wat part? let me know!!
“: When u get in a fight while u grown after its over u think "why is my heart beating so fast? Am I about to die"” haha!!
Watching who you love do the thing(s) they love is... stimulating.
well come over and cry with me then!
B r B
Cougar Town moving to TBS has me worried about the network's commitment to airing "Pretty Woman" every day.
love you and miss you too! yup, I joined twitter.
Pabst Blue Ribbon 16 oz cans for happy hour!
Hope you can check out our film God $ave the Red, Black and Blonde. A story about sinners, robbers and redemption.
you still in chit town buddy?
text me fool
People who don't value your heart dont deserve to access it
She has an Android. OF COURSE SHE DIDN'T. It prob took her 8 minutes to text/Tweet that to you.
When WaterBoy came out, I wanted one of them fold up cups so bad lol
DEFEAT OBAMA 2012
we just confirmed for our MARCH 1st fundraiser
I am going to have to stop drinking.
we are on KIRO7 with special news 3pm to 4pm before basketball...you have GOT to see what's about to hit!!! HEAVY RAIN again
State of the Twittersphere - June 2009 (PDF)
Just found a guy in the Miami airport with a Bruins Jersey and a patriots hat haha my day has been made
I just found my girls list of first words and two was pretty awesome. =D
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause Your never gone change...
no problem! i'm so proud of how far you've gotten!
Glad to see you on here.
Labyrinth & david bowie >>>
I know, right? I think that instead of holding an aspirin between our legs, we should just all go gay. No more Pill needed.
If you try to reach out and wrap your arms around the people in your organization, your organization is limited by the length of your arms.
No longer doing faqs, so changing this account to & doing Senior Advocacy in the San Diego community.
Arguments - Sometimes when you are arguing with a fool, he's doing the same thing!
of course! books in the burbs is the best name ever, i love it.
yay!!! RT : It's official! I'll be graduating from #SDSU in May! Thx for all your help!
finishes her presentation w/: "Our country is hurting big time." We need to cover the conflict in our own communities
GM ^_^ "Happy Mothers Day"!!! Who run the world? #Girls!
OH btw the new Calvin Klein adds are insane! Loves it <3
so you're telling me that Charles Barkely and Gnarls Barkley are NOT the same person? Things make sense now.
too much fun in Beverly Hills last night! Tonights party should be just as cray!
": Steve could definitely afford a better bong than that. #WeedWars"i know.jajaja
IS PACKED IN FINLAND
You can't realistically support your community without first taking care of yourself
TGIF! Not a moment too soon.
Happy Mother's Day to all mom's out there!!! We never get all the time like the moms and kids in commercials do but we still love you(: 💜
for those keeping track at home: bambino doesn't like saxophones, does like dance music (from cumbia to paradise garage house)
the lady only has one expression! How do they expect you to watch that for an hour...
It's been so nice hanging out at the beach and watching the blue angels perform
sorry Miss Popular!! :(
My heart lies with the tea party, I think the strategy needs to evolve to something bigger. Co-opting has been their mo, its our turn.
Thank you Mandy!
oh, of course.
Of course "I'll STAB YOU IN THE BUTT!" is an empty threat/promise but, goshdarnit it's just so fun to say.
Josh from #NOIData Bootcamp: As a data manager "get comfortable being uncomfortable."(Photo of a cactus couch!)
"Ignore the environment. It'll go away."
That's gross bro
Man how could you not pull the car over and jam to this Aaliyah mix!
oh yeah - thank you!
Much to be Thankful for this year. 11-0 is just a bonus.
hahahah i saw that too!
u kno how to mix and master good
Poor Jordan... I don't like seeing you sad :(
Not too mention dez bryant and miles austin, if romo's healthy then they'll beast!
well you see my mom and dad decided to get married...the rest is history
sing to me like the weeknd
absolutely! Looking for the backup in case the red one doesn't work.
I will be savoring this Dodgers game more than any regular season contest
didn't speak to me wen she came to my job ;(
I found this new game for Google Chrome called "Angry Birds" - has anyone else ever heard of it?
Just cataloged a book by library colleague/artist, which made me conscientious of my subject choice and classification.
Book club party! #needtimeturnerorTARDIS I'm psyched for my (different) WWII idea.
with our nationwide practice of Security Staffing.
“: how did you find Dakota Striplin?” yeah, it seems like he has no views! I was wondering that too
i know she's like perf sigh
ok it's driving me crazy... what does liil mean?!!
Now a days I swear pizza would get to your house before the police would.
that was the last time for that tho! "yea I added my 3 cents in"
Is laying waste to a mountain of dumplings and BBQ pork at Koi Palace with
I love getting proper rest in like that. What a great sleep ~|~~
No problem :) I'm glad everything is okay now
Thank u for Da
thx peggy. I am 46 on my account.
Power Profile: Amber Yang: via
Are we to present more than one article for participation points?
MSG is showing highlights from the series. They are showing Games 1, 3 and 5, conveniently forgetting Games 2, 4 and 6.
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission. -Fred Allen
Morning mood :( Sleepy..only 3hours of sleep
Last day in Africa!! Visiting baby elephants in an Elephant Orphanage among other things!
Best book on spitting ever: Great Expectorations.
Yo! Did yall send Dallas Fishin yet? We waitin to see the pictures...
What a great tradition! Happy to be the meeting spot!!
Craigy 3 assists in one inning. Set a major league record.
Tony Kornheiser is a d-bag! Someone should kick him in his teeth!
lol yea but not the meaning in the dictionary..lol we came up with our own
No problem!
Ah the smell of postseason in the air. Nothing else like it. SportsMedia101.com
Read it earlier, it is fantastic!!!
We're so glad to hear you're enjoying learning Korean with Mango! And we'd love to help! What seems to be the problem?
can't sleep with a stuffy nose
NO SHES NOT PREGO...but will get married sometime ...lol.
i love him :) was machst du?
M*chigan versus OHIO. The uniforms will look different than Hoke, Belein and Brandon's OHIO. Thanks to the pairing committee for this!!!
CALL ME ASAP!
What the hell is wrong with the #Phillies? I know it's a long season but they look like my #Cubs right now!
exactly. Jus like when the few bad UK fans were dissing Anthony Bennett for not coming to UK. Made all of #BBN look bad.
I can't stop thinking about her since she die!!!!!
...when nothin ass bitches have kids with nothin as dudes...
new icon!
Delighted to see all the tweets of those starting & returning to nursing school. If you are ready for the next steps call (888)682-2761
Great meeting you too Thanks!RT : nice meeting your at #FolsomTweetUp. I'll let my friend know about you! :-)
Term just used at conference, "Flash Attack": Bad guys perform a DDOS against the network while trying to sneak in an exploit
and why are you not sharing it?
well you're gonna love the new songs, cuz I wrote a ton with I can't wait for you to hear the new stuff!
Thank you, Teresa!
What are 3 actions to live a more creative and adventurous life?
There are 9,865 species of birds alive today. (Source: IUCN)
Damn my stomach is touching my spine..I only had 2 granola bars & 2 cinnamon rolls for Bfast lol NOT ENOUGH...Can't wait til lunchtime yo
#ImThatPersonWho still quotes from The Princess Bride and Spaceballs.
user having ability to permission the flow of their personal data is the bridge that connects your "divided kingdom"
r u Tim Tebow?
Somebody Else Will Respect My Loyalty..
very good point. Thanks for your input!!
LOL!! Good question. A good one to ponder on a Sunday
Amaze your fiends with a magic wand that lights up with a secret switch. Make one yourself today from 10am to 5pm.
Does anybody have a PS2 and Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2 I can borrow? :o I've seriously been wanting to play them, because I never have :(
signs pension reform bill
very sweet of you. I'm glad you enjoy it! Hope writing is going well.
So its over yeah were through so imma unfriend u your the best liar ever knew so imma unfriend u #UNFRIENDFRIDAY !!!!!!
and , please email us at with the email address you would like your Amazon gift card sent to.
I know rite ;_;
Cheers for your favorite occurrence in the NFL! Indianapolis Colts are in danger of running the table in reverse. They can't win!
"You get what you Expect."
PLN please give a shout out to my Bengals and wish them good luck on their STAAR tests next week!We are sharing your tweets
Tomorrow nights show with HFB is at Clearwater Casino in Suquamish, WA
When you exceed people's expectations and service them well, you are rewarded with smiles on their faces, customers for life, and referrals!
ball player
Helen Keller born today, 1880. The first deaf & blind person to earn a BA degree. Prominent activist for suffrage, peace, equality
not surprised!
Need a #Records Manager for a #non-profit in #DC! BA and 3-5 yrs of records experience required.
Yeah buddy! We'll have a blast!
on twitter anyway. Show some love to
just that talented, he was the one of the highest rated prospects ever.
...Adoration received. Thank you, Minion. are you paying attention? THAT's how its done.
Up early preparing to leave for this interview
Mom come home I want to go get Starbucks. UGH!
Death to Kirk!
Be sure to Tweet tonight about your favorite moment from #MudPeople Can't wait to see what you are all thinking out there!
adore ur blog, & the article on tasha smith..i luv me sum her ;)
Why would any girl like cum in their face.... It's a #Disgrace to yourself and #WomenKind Plus Bitch Thats just
Wedding day, which will you choose? Traditional veil or #HairFlowers? #WeWantToKnow!
there's still a few seats available in the lab... But yes, it's going to be a busy night
thanks! Will see you mid week for sure.
you play tennis?? I have seriously been looking or someone who plays down here! Tennis date this week please?!
nice to chat w/you. After its all done I'll gladly be babysitter for a proper date night.
I chew too loud.. can't even here myy movie smh
mama taught me well!! 🎉
that was a diners, drive in, dive place??? I think??
It's gonna be a romp!
I'm going to try it...I'm still mad that they took away the employee one..Did anyone ever figure out why?
Aey do yall think we should do at single with like this or tell us!
you can fedex overnight my and new iPad. I'll DM my account info. kthxbai!
Let's go #Yankees Let's beat those #Rays again tonight
thanks :-) i still owe you a drink then
Selena Gomez dont need anyone to become famous. She was already famous before Justin Bieber put his videos on Youtube. He was and IS her fan
Good lord, you are a Tweeting MACHINE! Anyway, I'm glad for it, because your content kicks ass. Thanks.
Just caught up with the homie everybody follow him now!!! Pow!11
Markets are constantly in a state of uncertainty and flux and money is make by discounting the obvious and betting on the unexpected"
follow back please? (: xo
Tonight was the worst 'musical' guest in history of all musical guests ever on TV. I'd rather have fire ants eat my eardrums
y'all don't really hear me tho
it's like they are saying "please never come to our house.
I did! PERFECT day!!! It's going to be a great weekend!!
You #DoinTooMuch if you take pictures with your ass on the sink.
: thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your amazing tweets.
R.i.p Jacob Martin jake Spencer from general hosptail
Name an NFL player who is quietly putting together a great year. I'll take Packers RT Bryan Bulaga.
I accidentally participated in bike to work week. (I accidentally a bike to work?)
ah gotcha. thanks. bit st johns fan here and weve loved coach dunlap!!! phenomenal basketball mind.
Lololol This is why Alyssa is my only friend. Because no one will accept the real crazy ass cyco me....lol
!!! Would love to hear sometime. (BTW, you might not have guessed it, but is a HUGE horror/SCREAM fan.)
Never doubted it. Reading your books is like being in a marriage: it pays to take a long view. Thx for everything!
My room is finally clean!!
#ifonlyicould take away all the troubles and worries in your life.. :(
Shhhh. Don't tell 'em I already graduated.
Illinois has recorded 11 interceptions over the last two seasons. That is the fewest among FBS teams in this span.
There is a "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, and an "if" in life and after Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W.T.F
"They've got so many Latin players we're going to have to get a Latin instructor up here." - Phil Rizzuto #Yankees ... haha
Thanks for the follow!
Blind ass umpire.
Imm bitchin, great hair, the boys all love to stare (;
why so?
should be drug out into the street and shot...lmao
Not bad for having a twitter only 2 days....Yall showin lots of love n I appriciate that...now lets get some more follower! Please retweet!!
Yes, I thought you'd concur. Great second story restaurant across from the praia central. Carne boa e cervezhinhas!
hey who's driving the these days? Its parked by me these past few days.
I wanna be with right now.
lmao!... y I get that face?
#Fact it takes zero muscles to not give a fuck.
welp, I'm sick as a dog
Happy birthday:* nice life,dunia akhirat wkkwkw. May God always give best things for youu:)
Another great show at studio seven ....thanks unwritten law for having us out...some new live recordings will be up soon....thanks every one
I hope your day is extraordinary!
What's your favorite song?
I am leaving sweethearts! I'll try to tweet tomorrow even I see it difficult. I hope you don't forget about me! xoxo -Jess
Beautiful Morning Dolls. Eye contact shows power & confidence. Look every person in the eye today. Show your inner power. Be Greater
I just put them aways so ah
TRAFFIC: Accident with injuries 12/18 at Deerfield in the Cottage Grove area. Use caution.
#Ithinkitstimeto find a different career
we don't call it Glen Dirty for nothing
yea I had to get me in a quick nap
My Inspiration Will Always Be My Family And Friends<3
Where does the dude who run down Capitol in the summer run at in the winter?
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed lol why would people really do this
Just saw a web banner ad on the for advertising for Fen Phen cases.
i love that song! you should listen to poema! i think you'd like them! :) purevolume.com/poema or myspace.com/poemaofficial
hello!! thank you for following us. check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
Today, August 24th, marks 24 days until the Premiere of "H2O: Supply and Demand" at the Enzian Theater.
Thanks! made me sound smart.
Bet you don't mind *his* accent, right? Nor the wily Scot's. (and do see Beginners--really good!)
heard the other 16 players all threw in 10 bucks each so bubble boy can get rub and tug !
if i start fightin will any of yall support me?
on October 17th, can't wait! Good luck tonight on Conan
Hola Mr. Doob ! Spent 2 ys (8-10) in Andalusian hills with shepherds learning the slingshot & love Spain, love your work. Need your help.
10:42am and still no response. I'm disappointed in Foursquare. Though maybe they're on Pacific time?
I overslept -.- Gah idk whether to be happy or upset cause I couldn't fade English today .
Thanks for the follow
I love streaming #netflix at 37,000 ft. Thanks #GoGoInFlight!
nothing much what about you ?
Ugh, I was in row Y, I am now in the lawn. :(
I'm So ready to give this last speech!!!! Lol yay! :)
closet full of clothes yet nothing to wear hm
Oh happy day! I can't wait 2 get my hands dirty while #planting my herb #garden!
I love to stay on top of #celebrities Nintendo News: Nintendo Download Highlights New Digital Content for Nintendo Systems REDMOND, Wash.
Fat ass
How tf did Angelica trick the kids into thinking Chuckie was turning into a chicken lol
Studying for math:/ pray for me!:P
You are so pretty just wanted to remind you of that!! Miss you!!
Yea yea yea first born
MT Join us & (author of Pike Place Market Cookbook), for snacks & author talk 5/21 6:30-8 pm free!
Matt, hoped you liked the sound of that chord. Did you score it for the choir?
lmao. You should see the sink...
happy b day T-2!!
party of 5th ave is just crushing the burgh, i have grandmas asking me to play it
I agree that and addressing the generational difference between leadership and young professionals
ok chill
Tell me whoo!!! I wont tell;) Come one now!! Is it Austy?!;)
$NCVT: Its very possible we may see .35 cents or higher in a short period of time!
