How are you doing #westbaltimore? Hope you are safe and can share your #earthquake stories!
I love bow wow as a rapper!
Though I've lived in Arizona for awhile now, I'm still happily surprised to look out a window and see sunshine, blue skies, and palm trees.
SEC v. Goldman Sachs highlights need for proper “material” disclosures in offering docs. What analysis was done by Goldman’s legal dept?
any chance the lowes gcs are coming back soon?
I am :) how are you?
will be playing with Byleth, and at the Chrome July 1 for the Red Sky showcase.
or just add winchester. come with us for herrin too!
Spring Tee Shirt Sale. 30% off all tee's today with code: ship30
can you please follow me please please please:)
Thanks, Mary! :) RT : Great story. Kudos to the team! You are a great testimonial.
geek meets dream girl on a train and spends 105 film minutes upgrading hygiene, fashion sense, and charm for love.
i mean family's
Selection Sunday! Which bubble team do you think has the best chance to make a big run?
Yeah! I hit you back. Did you get my email?
The grass is never greener on the otherside:(
Just b/c you have FB or Twitter page does not make you social - its what you do with presence: listen + engage sets you apart
yo momma look good as hell. lol
Thanks! Well, would you mind maybe giving me a shout out to your followers to maybe follow me?it would be greatly appreciated
A millionaire should drink good beer. Guinnesse is Ireland's Budweiser. Drink some good craft beer. Nazis love good beer too
Found the gift I was supposed to give my sister last year. Man, she would have really loved that kitten.
Do any of the candidates talk about limiting the power and activity of congressional staffs?
Can't sleep, tryin to fall asleep it's not working. Ughh I hate this
Too late. Though if you drink enough wine while watching it, it seems more compelling...
Truffle Parmesan Popcorn is similar to CRACK per one of my guests last night.
Ask RT Who picks Comic Sans and thinks, "YES, this feels right!" It is tough to remain credible after that decision.
Anyone at 's #SMSS in Chicago today?
I haven't had internet for a few days now and won't have it for another few weeks... It's crazy how much I rely on it.
Restaurant owners who use bring accountability to their staff. Which in-turn provides a better overall customer experience.
When someone sits behind a screen for HOURS hating someone who they don't know.
check out my page reverbnation.com/artistehebrew, facebook.com/artistehebrew
Today's already taking a turn for the worst
tonight catch my CLUB KISS mix at 1:30 am on 1035 KISS FM Chicago & live stream on 1035KISSFM.com!
GIRL OFCOURSE YOU DO I LOVE HER obsessions and robot are my favorite of hers
Google's acquisition of Zagat will bring "meaningless content" that has "no bearing on the quality of the restaurants" to "even more sheep"
follow back
Missed my 2,000th tweet! -_- Well I dedicate this to otherwise known as my purpose to living, and Ultimate reason to smile. :)
They wouldn't let me buy anything specific
this nigga here IS RELEASING HIS SINGLE "STUNTIN (P POPPIN)" ON JULY 24TH @ AMERICA'S PUB-U IN KC?- U GOTTA BE IN THE BUILDIN!!
Thank you for putting ice cream sandwiches back on the 'low price' list! More incentive to run.
Feeling like this is the longest countdown to lunch I've yet experienced.
Pattillo with the put back! puts the Jam up 89-87 with 43.7 seconds left in the game
Apparently I left my mind back in San Diego? #Skype is the best
Please RT! Just a reminder that you can get a month of yoga for $39 at www.DailyDealSquad.com ! NA-MA-STE!
@ the consignment sale at the fair grounds. It's multitude of craziness!
Retweet this if you're online & want 50+ new followers! (must be following & !! To get 50+ followers!!
. on Tuesday … is San Diego ready !?
Ive got a idea for a portable toilet in your car. when your done you just throw the biodegradeable bags out the window.
Hating Rick Santorum is hating God.
that one literally just came in about 20 minutes ago
Pipeline to Promise meeting going on now! Job Prep meeting starting at 12. Come down and learn how we plan on helping you.
So cool. Just finished talking to my friend for an hour by FaceTime on my iPhone. I heard Brooklyn wake up to cute birds singing. 🐦
Me to :P
Just take her with you
Can you DM he can get you more info on date.
ME TO!
Today is that day, treat it that way
Earplugs on. I wish I'm always at school. Fudge! Pissed off!
Is it just me or are the ESPN reports about the secret NFL meetings incredibly ironic
You flirt. ;)
#ToMyUnbornChild I promise I'll be the best mommy I can be and love you no matter what.. :)
Does anyone else think Musburger had the Horns and the points vs Kansas? He seemed really excited about J'covan's garbage time drive.
its ok, the bitch wasnt there anyways, hoe biscutt.
I love Bobby Hamrick. He made me tweet this.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. #quoteoftheday Cardio Time!
#ShabbatShalom to everyone and especially Tribe members at #SLA12. Great to meet more of you
practice don't make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect enjoy all the dried out food folks
What is it?
Have a blessed day everyone! Love you all!!! Remember to keep God first! :)
sending positive thoughts your way
The Eiffel tower is a land mark. Now its a
Loved James Sallis' Drive, and I can't see why a sequel is necessary, but I'll give it a shot anyway. Hesitantly excited.
Mondays are getting worse for me. So glad to have this one behind me. Feel you next week monday.
LOS ANGELES: Now booking headshots and photo shoots for April-May! Bookings:
12 page paper due in 3 hours and have not even started it.
I might have alternative motives tomorrow night. Just sayin.
At least our #colts will get first round draft pick-- it's all worth it.
Did I do that thing where I come to class an hour early by accident? Yup, I did. Time for a donut.
good one! Or students dont want to use facebook for class! Or students want their instructors to use more email rather than
Rt! Thank you for being so awesome and big thanks to Edward and for letting us shoot there today!
DAMN!!!!!!! Seems like just yesterday you were just a little fish.
Me too! RT : Hope he gets better soon
When a muslim woman ((modestly)) This does not mean she do not know ((fashion)) But she knows ((Where)) and ((when)) and ((to who)) wear 🌹
A year ago, I tweeted: "Today's a real #TeamBringIt kind of day. Plenty to accomplish, no stone unturned, no time like now." I'm in. Again.
Glad to hear you are alright.
Goodnight all!!!
a really really bad one,.... but yes they still have a team!!!!
#17 The Howlin' Wolf - New Orleans, LA
Happy Turkey Day!
Can't believe Amar'e got dem shits in his head 
m hm. that + turkey leg + beer in Germany = sanitation emergency
Hey--399 followers! We're going to hang on to some of the porny once until we get over the 400 hump. Er, bump.
Just watched my good friend, move mountains onstage at Zoey's. Amazing job, my man.
and , don't forget!
RT And in the quiet section is like me going to a bar that only serves non alcoholic drinks.
what's for dinner?
at school they usually play different kind songs, but today because its 's bday( Happy Birthday!) they only played his songs(:
Monday's soundtrack: indie films from 2005
Thanks! We are just as excited as all those staying with us! YAY!
Pasta bowl pasta bowl pasta bowl pasta bowl !!!!=)
So those ads promoting Twilight as an appropriate gift that may lead to other, less appropriate V-day "gifts" are right!
Let's make today a good one, my man. How bout it?!
"The only thing you know for sure when you hold a signed contract in your hands is that the other person knows how to use a pen."
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 20
anus licking causes sepsis is the phrase that pays
Now that sounds God!!
Matt Cain bangin pebble just like he did 3 months ago in the winter classic #loveit!!
The numbers are out! #JulietAnUnPopular sold 17 books in March. Not exactly what I was hoping for... but April will be better!
"like" us because we "like" you! www.facebook.com/ilovefirehouse
Wanted to run around Hollywood today in my ninja attire like a crazy man but decided against it.
Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is a freedom.
Willie Nelson's cover of Coldplay is amazing. Good job
Awww... you even got yourself an official Castle-style coffee cup!
Work Work Workk
Want to win an iPad2? Just RT and participate.
wow, gorgeous! How wonderful to live and work in such beautiful surroundings!
hey plz #Follow me
Really nice cover! ^_^
#NAB is awesome! Motion control is a must!
family taught him to love himself for everything he was good at & everything he was bad at. Gave him strength & resilience.
im watching american idol. wot.
Is your show available as a podcast?
well if they get in Friday someone is bound to follow them and find out hotel and then it will spread so we will probably know
You arent cute, no one wants to dress like you, you're failing all your classes. P.S. YOUR NOT COOL! :P
Come in for your $40 8th and FREE Tea Pot Calendar!!!
I completely disagree. A well designed (emphasis on well designed) tattoo is the most committed form of art.
I'm glad Vilma is suing Goodell... Fuck him.
We bout to fight tomorrow . Ima push her books off her desk .
DEAL!! Do I get to ask another question??
#ASimpleWhiteName Isn't every white persons name simple?
Playing #blackjack, if you're too scared to hit your 12s to 16s against a strong dealer card, might as well just write the #casino a check!
blah!! To bad finals start monday or I'd totally be there to see y'all and :) miss y'all!! Have a good show
I want to go to a dr who or other nerdy convention after listening to the this american life show about conventions.
The cleanest homes sell for the highest prices. Nobody wants to buy another persons dirt. Go OCD, keep your home crazy clean.
Some major brands of
i figured!!!
Don't get me wrong. I'd love to get close to being off the grid. But not because of any doomsday fear.
and do you have any idea what healthcare costs are like? You think only rich people should be allowed to seek treatment?
RT : "If you don't want to date me---that's fine. I get that. But you're wrong and I hate you."
food rules don't apply during finals
that is ridiculous ... wipe and reinstall?
Get your record mixed by me in one of the hottest mix rooms in NYC. Great rates! Get at me!
OF COURSE! I wish you were here to do it now! (at Brindles)
#goodtimes indeed!!! You guys HAVE to go see the play!
Why is it when u have a situation with some ppl. & u decide to speak to them about it. There first instinct is to yell & swear!
The internet has just become too abusive. Omegle, Tumblr, Chat Roulette..it's just an excuse for people to hate everyone and themselves.
Yes I do in fact LOL. I'll probably be more football animated in a couple months even though I already am. Nah, no ideas besides.
shut it down today #Syracuse!
I'm losin' my direction,and if u dont like it-fuck u
Everyone loves our profile pic right?!!
- quit being lame!! It is not to much traffic!
hurry hurry it's so much fun!
I'm with her! Haven't seen it, but hate horror movies that aren't YOURS! Speaking of which, still need to FUEL you!
Kids will be at grandma's this weekend. I don't know whether to jump with glee or cry because I'll miss them so much.
": woooooop." There it is..
RT : B unapologetically yourself & let the world think wht it will. U cnt live life in the box of other ppl's opinions!
Thanks for beig awesome love u guys
That awkward moment when your dad breaks the news that hes getting a new job to you...
You might as well give up breathing too!
T-minus 11 months and 21 days until we all die. HAPPY NEW YEAR, Y'ALL!
ah cool me too! I'll be staying in downtown this year for it!
Yep I feel old as shit
Never give one-sided advice; Only apply what you know. All advice is not always
#mylifegoal is to meet you
in the lab with ya boi making more of that get it muzic...e.o.s. LoyAlty muzic
I know! Somewhere there is the twitter sitter app, just don't check out every twitter-twit app that comes across.
Bought the honey a new #Kindle Fire yesterday. Now i get my #Motorola Xoom back!!!
Bon Iver's Hinnom, TX sounds so good live i wanna cry
good luck on the bus and see you this weekend!
Working, blah
Trying to catch up on so we can watch the new episode!
at lunch today Trissy showed me a picture if you, I died laughing!!!! it was cute. haha
MSG VARSITY CAMERAONE BOYS and GIRLS BASKETBALL DOUBLE HEADER AIRS TUES FEB 28 and WEDS FEB 29 at 4pm for Optimum customers on Channel 614
Ouch. RT : John Lackey Enraged By Text Message Displaying His Accurate Season Statistics
Jesus: Risen for 2000 years, still hasn't gotten around to curing aids, cancer, or beiber fever.
christian jew
Random Thought when walking to the arena: Do you think homeless people get pissed when they hear the song "Mo' Money, Mo' Problems"?
Stop and think before you act
We would love for you to come try one of our small group training sessions on us!
#BIEBERONTHEVOICE I can't wait :D
a que sii you're the liar! :p
If the devil helped people out of slavery, & G-d punished them for being freed, that wouldn't be a G-d I'd want anything to do with.
I do not acknowledge the existence of any other Twin Cities-based sports radio station.
We're all hopped up on eggs and ready to go!
Dear Zimmerman, the $h*ts bout to hit the fan!!!! You don't have a lawyer now to workout the smooth rendering either??
159-3 should still get us home field
Still going: so maybe I don't know what I want but I'll be damned if I up and change my life for some man before I am 100% certain.
We'll be closed tonight for our sold out dinner with Fountain Prairie Farm. Will be back open tomorrow for business as usual, 11:00 am.
Gym was pretty fun today. We got to play football and I got to truck all of my bullies. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!
i had no idea the name jordan meant descent, flow down. that's cool!
Q6 But that's another investment.
Wow seriously...😒
About to workout, have to get my body in shape for summer!!!!
haha omg. Seconded.
so funny! This is why it's so popular: mylikes
Jacqua Williams just trying to live her dream
Is she really goin out with him? #np hahah classic
Hot as hell in this house and tomorrow is gonna be 90.
Glow-in-the-dark bodysuit or homemade Mau5head? RT just spent about 4 hours crafting for
To maintain trust, institution must secure proper dependence
Finished watching lead-in Marvel movies, bought a Capt. America t-shirt, walked down Avengers toy aisle at Target...yep, ready for tomorrow
right? I was against the "door to door" idea from the start! #justsayin ;))) xo
So help me god if the #Brewers make Suppan look like an All-Star I am going to lose my freakin mind
Happy New Year mate
Anna! ThxFtF! Check out our show at Plush-March 22-with #SheilaShahpari,#SuzieCue and #LangenNeubacher! Rockin' good news!
Easter candy was 75% off at Fred Meyers and we didn't buy any. #restraint. It was chocolate too. Darn.
#JA I wish u knew how much I miss you....too #stubborn to make the first call
no sir thank you, ur repping our city, and lord knows we need it
Great response.
Fantasy Football MASTER!!!
#1 reason so disappointed #chris paul trade was blocked, was ready to see become a new #Lakers fan! Lol
RT : "In history of humankind those who learned to collaborate and improvise most effectively have prevailed." - Charles Darwin
are u excited to come home to your family and Justin/Spencer?
When you are finished watching football, head on over and enjoy our Blanquette de Veau! How 'bout them Niners?!
but maybe I will
She has the possibility to live her life over again It takes a lot of strength to do this but more than anything strength is the motive...
I will look into it, thanks
Someone come rescue me please
ha well damn but wassup G....
That is interesting. One of these things is not like the other?
BLEW IT BOILERS. Heartbreaking.
hahaha yes! but i heard its like really expensive..do you know how much it is..?
First Paddy was a #Success :)
Lol. I forgot to hve a cup “: really wanted to make sure that I was awake today. #strongestcoffee”
I'm just having fun.. ;) you know me! I miss you too... what you doing?
Duke gets upset AGAIN by st johns
The answer is YES a person has bench pressed over 1000 pounds. Zup did it I think.
I enjoyed it too. Good sentiments. RT : Really don't see anything wrong with 's piece on the Sonics. Found it thoughtful.
Adventure Time is the most stupid, creepy, & weirdest show ever .
#Mozart was wonderful last night -- what a privilege to be a part of such awesome music! #Thankyou so much to those who came.
awe I feel like lonely kid at lunch and just sat next to me!!! Lol
You mean lots to me.
Thanks for the shout out,
Serious diggage so far. The ants fully hijacked this morning's wait at the doctor's office.
I'm already playing that game, too. "Does it work in IE?" is already being ignored...
thanks for the RT
Gary Keller is about to drop kick Ben Kinney! :) wish u were all here at KW National Convention
CASE CLOSED.
I've been harping on him all season. This is awful
How did the CORPSES fare in the rain? Underground Theater presents ATTACK OF THE ROTTING CORPSES
#acton on fire! SAVE MY #BLUMRANCH PEACHES!
Anyone else hoping the #Ravens get Hightower Round 1?
blake made out his christmas list.johndeere tractors,a riding toy,a bike,a new cowboyhat,some Dog shirts,a real dog,a horse,& new bed 4 here
Don't give me that "you just hate them because of Kobe/They're awesome" BS. I hate them because they're a breeding ground for bandwagon fans
Been using Tripit pro for years. Likes: reminders, point tracking, sharing itineraries
I always liked you the best anyway!
this computer is fucked up
Where's the walk at??
If this is real, it will last.
Purchased a new Odyssey Putter yesterday in an attempt to cheer myself up
:D PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!
Wow, you live in VA Beach?!
good thanks! computer class xx
thanks so much my hero. How are you? I'm so worried and concerned about you. Please let me know how you are doing.
"Nothing one does in bed is immoral if it helps to perpetuate love." GABRIEL GARCÍA MÁRQUEZ, 'Love in the Time of Cholera'
should make a song about ketchup..:)
whatever rude , & spell check . ita spelled Wednesday boo boo
yeah digs them just a tad bit!
The ninety and nine are with dreams... is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.Edgar Allan Poe
I am going to the movies, though.
Hahaha! That movie is to funny.
a bird just pooped on my hand.
Vegetable trays, santa fe brewery irish red ale and simpsons. Perfect Friday Night at Home.
this is the best album.
Playing nba 2k11 and coach walks out in the middle of the floor while I'm starting to make my move
"Like" this post if you're planning on TACO NIGHT!
I know but I just wom know web if it was I chould see him
Wow B&N just made getting a wristband THAT much harder than before.
She loves she loves me she loves me a love from outer space it's true shalalalalala hey
May have hit your acct limit - 100 MB by default but can be raised by your RW admin. Check with your lib for help w/ that.
I refuse!
Miss the best friend. Stupid AP test...
15 and 1 more picks once again....still got chase and fuller out there
- Bitter sweet, to me, Stephanie. FB said it'll let IG cont. to grow independently, & one can only hope. Glad for the IG team tho.
Happy new year(=
Austin is the best. Kbye. ♥
finally an excuse to get some hot chocolat form
trust me he will with thibs as his coach and the management staff he will win one before bron
ah. someday I'll watch TV again.
pshh, num. 31 which turned in a huge waste of time - did get my drank on though.
or you get at my personal addy:
Just offered gluten free baking services to a new restaurant!
I give all praise to God! Thank you for networking with me!
very rough draw in uefa champions league for APOEL, playing Real Madrid in the quater finals
it is horrible. I almost didn't share it but people need to know such evil exists so that they can watch for signs
51 days till graduation...
About to record at windows !!
Great article, Tom. Thanks for sharing!
#IThankGod For Being Alive =)
Beautiful Sunday morning! I'm a lucky, lucky lady.
It's official break is over
cool and I meant to hit u up I seen a bracelet I want to buy and wanted to know how much it cost
Mhmmm ! sure you didnt then why was my room open D:<
aw your welcome! :p yeah, I cried! :L, thanks <3
Just emailed my boss about the live tweets today...he's totally there with them. *facepalm*
I have no problem with anyone who challenges Beach Boy Rad. Just as long as they do not have a problem being defeated by Beach Boy Rad!
The weirdest compliment ive ever gotten is when people tell me i have beautiful hands
u are amazing inside and out!!! U inspire me!! <3 teamPhiPhi always!!!
or part 29 link
great weekend playing with at Carnivale 2012. sold some instruments too!
Sweet! You like the free song?!
The thing is, It was meant to happen exactly how it did. Or else neither of us would be where we are.
Composing a piece for violin and harp.
“: I've done a program called doing #HR w/out an HR dep for small biz and it drew a ton of folks. Thru a C of C. #shrmchat” cool
Nap time
Watchin Family Guy but my dog gettn on my nerves all this whining
My experience was that reporters and eds almost always read the comments anyway, so good to respond though it's tricky.
Badass movie stunt: Cole Trickle running down Russ Wheeler after the checkered flag
sure just hit me up and I'll take care of you. It's a great studio
Second half of the day
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
On behalf of Wikets, we are honored and appreciate the report. Time to Rec the recommendations space!
Last night I planned to take a power nap at 6 for 45 minutes. Instead, I woke up this morning at 9am. Apparently I was tired.
": I got hartnell"good pick i am going danny b
Crazy insane busy time of the year. Have so much going on, and took on some more last night. Barely have time for this tweet.
Woot! won the basic membership from ! Ping for details!
lol I've been following u since we spoke last : )
Much Love to the Honorable , thank you very much for your support and encouragement!
Orange days stink. Blue days rule. Go suck a fuck.
Omg x'D The #memories!
OK, Lets get this night started.
Hi Bob. We started our week long outreach for families and children of warriors w/ #PTSD. Would you like the links?
Cinco de Mayo where's ICE when you need them to deport all the drunk mexicans
the dark side of the galaxy
They say a penny saved is a penny earned, but the more important issue is how exactly Lil’ Penny fits into all of this.
Forecast for Tonight: Mostly cloudy with isolated showers and thunderstorms this evening. Then partly cloudy after...
If I was your boyfriend I'd never let you go.
Looking to collaborate with historical and genealogical societies. Let's work together to get the word out.
research shows that social media tools are also used in non-creative & passive ways
Power outage on campus due to construction. Working from home today.
#team Blake #Jermainepaul congrats you got my vote! Good luck on your journey
& very very great seats
2more days.. I swear it keeps getting harder for me to wake up every day.
(Let's try this again.) Quit being flawless. And by quit, I mean don't stop.
lol every nigga in here on you gitl, they like she the full package... she fine, cool, a go getter, smooth... lol get'em boo!
Wow, those scenes definitely capture the substance of dreams. Breathtaking
haha that's hilarious
My family takes advantage of me cause im such a neat freak ;( #nolove haha
Look, I'm going through the rapids
Watched the new MTV Challenge last night- love it! wish you and could be a team again and clean house!
#sad and dad said i could meet cody and then didnt come for me /:
Highly recommended viewing: Detropia (documentary).
Real Estate Investing Becomes More Efficient Through New Marketing Agreement ...
who do u think is the cutest?
Flyer tonight is first with an updated band photo! I mean, not that I mind seeing 's face every other day
Thank you for the RT. We're really looking forward to
+dipping sauzzes RT : i usually like to eat my feelings with a side of french fries and a bottomless orange crush
The power of social networking
The man in front of me looks like he had a good time at sea world. He clearly didn't heed warnings of the splash zone.
has the new internet boom age arrived??? the #SocialMedia Boom
Good evening everyone. TGIF. We hope you're enjoying yourself. Life is only what you make it.
Sveum...why do you always wait until a time like now to get someone warming up? WHY?
I see the honey moon phase is over
I wish I could be at #aam2012 this year. Please share the good stuff everybody.
a child shouldnt becuz their hair is going through an ongoing transition phase from thick-thin, long-short, pool color change
They just couldn't let Joshua go to the finale huh? Smh....
Fill in the Blank: Dead man's hand is _____ and _______.
and SRC will be awesome, just like you :-) bon chance!
Yeah, never mind about #ACL tix tweet... too excited -- I thought it was *this* week! ;-p
Have a rokkin good New Year from your team!
happy wednesday everyone. working away looking for shows across the country for future segments. known any1 in #atlanta? :)
why did you mention me? I don't wanna see this video!
Sat right by JWill at the Final Four. He stood most the game, looking hard & trying to get on TV. My buddy got into it w/ him
i know, right? it's like people don't know what to do with themselves - i love the rain though, it's a nice change :D
that looks pretty heavy..
i've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
7:30. But I'll be arriving around noon too. Down to 5.5 hours now.
Ah off to the ortho so hopefully can be running again.....SOON!
Watchin bad girls club las vegas since I missed it on Monday.
I hate you.
yes! i just remembered!
And also, what happened to guys talking to girls first? Like...I don't wanna message him bc I don't want him to think I like him again.. & I
Do you mean on a site or are you asking for suggestions on apps?
thanks Chelsea, I'll let ya know how it goes :-)
I feel silly in this chair lol
Possibly. What you need to do is come into the dealership, fill out an application, and we can go from there.
Gheez Bubbles. Were you trying to say that you were forced to watch it?
Confess I don't know Sehgal, but what google has revealed sounds amazing. Turbine Hall is an interesting setting for him!
Watching one direction videos always makes me feel better :) cheeckychappie!
Gabriella is being silly. If I ever went down to Cali again she would be the first person to hit up. Then maybe a few more.(;
Grownup Read: 'Double Dexter' & Children's Lit Read: 'With A Name Like Love'
Will Ferrell time
Good Morning! Happy Saturday to all!
He really don't call the shots.
Really want to see NYE...
Dave & Busters
very cool pic. Thanks for sharing.
You thinkin about goin for it, huh?
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give -- which is everything.
nigger RT You know damn well I want some koolaid!
Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick Trick STOP..Now GO GET DAT MUTHA FUCKIN PUSSY CHECKED!..Free Clinic..! Free Clinic..!
hahaha truth comes out when u drunk too!! I guess the truth does hurt ;))
Making a Chicago Food Twitter List while on my lunch break. Suggestions welcome!
Just went on my break and found out the pacers lost....
Iizuka hasn't had a title since 1996 I think.
Wow! That IS shameful indeed! They set our budgets & policies, we OUGHT to know them.
Ouchy ouch ouch ouch
This is downright heresy in my house but no lie: Boston Globe sports page is far superior to NYT.
You are far, far kinder than me. It would be one less black widow in the world. It dared to enter your home. Unreasonable, sure.
It has been, that's for sure. I got hit by a car on my bike. Not the way I intended on graduating..
The only way that would make sense is if your character was asleep dreaming of Hot Fuzz and Shaun. lol
The waiter would be a laker fan. I swear, that team has so many bandwagoners. He didn't even know d-fish was on the thunder. Smh...
I am getting a New 2012 Mercedes E500 today!! So excited!!
Thanks for the RT!
Every woman deserves a man who respects her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his effort.
I'm terrified of your face
that's what up forward to hearing more from u. :)
where u at
Always a pleasure! Love learning new stuff & chatting w/other #socialmedia pros RT Thx everyone for another successful
who thinks they can beat me in nba2k10? i've been on fire!
So, do you know what the latest phrase, "TBS", stands for?? Lol, check out our blog at blog.drwiggys.com! We hope YOU don't have TBS!!
Thank you so much for the follow !! Wd love to chat w/ you about faith, family & fashion!
I think everyone on Twitter should go follow cuz they nver tweet the same freaken things over and over again
“ Stop giving Ignorant Opinions.... Dont Speak on it unless you know the facts!!!!”
S/O to for being so cool!! HIT HER FOLLOW BUTTON!!!
Feel like going to Walmart and buying a whole bunch of ice cream, chips, etc
Fudge YOU!
My prayers go out to Junior Seau and his family.
My son's day care naptime music is a Muzak version of Pearl Jam's Evenflow. ????
alright Ill check out your offer
Heading into the final stretch. 23Things now, Transliteracies after
Would the average homeowner pay an annual fee for a home maintenance program?
Only way I'll ever get that score is in a video game. RT : Finally broke 100. Shot a 98. I'll take it.
Hey how ares ya and I love ya and miss ya
#rockthevote #feelingcivic RT :3.5 hours until the polls close! Make sure to cast your vote and make your voice heard!
My followers are extra goofy tonight! I'm tripping
There are some people you just miss in life....
Panthers couldnt toss a 7th rounder for asante? Really?
stylistic observation: James Stanescu speaks/gestures/engages as though he were reading poetry.
I woke up 30 minutes early, no.
AYO BITCH . . Hold ma dick.
Can't wait for Sunday!! Don't miss it!! Jesus said in Matt. 10:8 Go HEAL the sick NOT go PRAY for the sick. ~ Authority of a Believer!!
Rise and shine! Who's ready for some college football?! T-minus 1 hour!
getting any love down there????
So about 440.00 shipped. That's not bad.
Thank you for the
Well, yummy is good also. I'm always on the search for good pizza.
This week begins providing support to clients in Tarrytown, Boston, Sunny Isles Beach, and Atlanta.
deeply distressed by the constipation, which has last for five days.
Derek Fisher Prolly Snappin in the Locker Room Right Now
Runnin out of time, the world ends tonight , unless we dance or die #flashback #familyforce5 recall that?
Houston, TX stoked to play for you guys tonight! Come see us
: We GET To understand that life is the result of choices we make. If we desire different results, we GET to make different choices.
I miss playing basketball & baseball
we're on it - look for a key sometime today :)
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it. -Verda Ross
Twitter was down for two hours on Saturday. It was terrible. I had to call random people in the phone book & tell them what I had for lunch
Here's a "close but": per vias urbis proceditur (someone goes through the city streets) -> "we proceed along the streets"
Lol but then again i wouldnt even buy it .-.
Hey I like your new profile pic! But maybe you should put your boobs back in your bra!
Just arrived on the East Coast for our screening of Scavenger Hunt at ! Driving to Ithaca this afternoon!
I'm sure I'm not the only person who screams at the tv during Family Feud!
truth “: The brilliance of MLB.TV on devices makes the absolute failure that is NBA League Pass that much more obvious.”
Lakers fans are hilarious. One minute "Mamba!" After he hits 4 3s. Next minute "Pass the damn ball". Child please.
I may not be able to change the whole world but I can change the world for one person - Mother Teresa
Yes I am watching Fashion Star with would be proud.
World Crisis: Day 4 of Hannukah & there isn't a single AA battery left in the house.
we've enjoyed a delightful dinner.
if happy ever after really exist, i wanna be there holding you like this. <3
I can't believe I missed #glee last night.
Quick! Anyone w/ an UES #wine store suggestion in the 80s or 90s?
Dear Aspiring Author: You may want to rethink that query for a 300,000 word novel. Thank you.
: Special would have be beating the Cats at Rupp! I guess #bigyellownation doesn't want to play talent at home
We are playing The Roxy on July 2nd hit us up if you need tickets :)
explaining to sharon how to use twitter...
i miss you too :( how ya doing?! sorry i went out to eat!
Nina dobrev in the perks of being a wallflower movie?! I am a-ok with that
who the fuck is u?...*in future's voice*
Oh? I seem to have misplaced my copy of the yellow pages. Thanks for the help anyways!
Yo I got some fresh talapia for sale if it tickles your fancy
An appropriate amount of #potassium in the diet of Americans could decline 10% high #blood pressure in adults.
The raffle is about to start!
Love IT! You're just where you should be :) We're doing NCAA here ...
LOL it's the built up chemical fumes from the plastic and paints, that first real big breath in when opening is a doozy
Game 1=Game 2, for those of you who are better than me at numbers/mathematics/general intelligence.
IT'S TACO TUESDAY!! YES!!!
jorge: Montrose area has lost plenty of trees. Not too much damage to historic homes.
Stop by for a cup of Jade Cloud and a Blueberry muffin on your way to work
Go Mom! :D After all she's earned it. Now she has bragging rights.
Morning TV is always a crapshoot when feeding my daughter at home b/f work, but today is like Xmas: a fresh #Mantracker episode on Science!
I agree 100% where's all the sweet nice girls at?
No form of art goes beyond ordinary consciousness as film does, straight to our emotions, deep into the twilight room of the soul - Bergman
What if I stay in and look out the window? Does that work?
We're going to honor it for you!
oh yeah way too sweet
take us with you!
wish you could be with us! Thanks to you and you're players for donating!
I'd still win either way :p haha I'M fragile? Psh. I have bones of steel
ooh sorry - Shannon Hoon from Blind Melon...one of my heroes.
no tweeting during work. how many times.
Just added 50 free karma points to all our survey participants! 461 members hit the 100 point reward, converting 100 pts into a free app.
Being laid up SUCKS! My apologies to Twitter for the blatant overuse today : p
aww, thanks so much for sharing and for your support!! :) :)
#FF Great artists to follow! Warm wishes for your weekend!
#followFriday Follow for all your texting needs. PATRICK IS THE BEST!
Stay in action without attachment to results. Results will show up in ways you can't predict.
Mar 27,1942: #Churchill complained that he was noticing a decline in his mental and physical vigour. Not as quick at repartee in Commons.
Just wait until Nov - that's when fake winter starts here!
lab time!!!
Kobe would've missed too, so hush that noise...
done weekends like that ... So much fun
Im fucking done with you, you use me just to get back to her- that was the last time
u turnt up tonight
She'd rather fight with you than love anyone else.
facebook is down? didnt work on all the laptops in my house! wtf..?
House full of men, brined chix roasting, cowgirl creamery fromage blanc as a snacky snack, Pinot in the glass. Life is hella good.
Holly Welch! Thanks for rockin the house! You are making a huge difference, and we're so appreciative.
I am beyond excited!
Boris Johnson not cutting short his holiday to return to London?!!?
Sure, I like to go to lots of overseas places, like Canada
I learned some things from watching Think like a man. Date those on your standards but don't think you better then the less fortunate.
When I first heard that Cashin Out track I was like "Wtf 😨" now I be jammin the fuuuuck out that hoe can't even lie lol
This was what was used to be called Flare, right? Nice to see it coming to fruition!
Happy mother's day mom.
So glad I didn't pay $11.50 to see #Courageous. Good message, but that is not a good movie.
Wow... a totally new rap vocal style came to me in a dream during my power nap. May have to get in my little studio...
“: haha what commercial was it?” this guy & girl running to each other singing. It was prob atleast 1.5 min!
Happening now: Attending Dr. Gannon's lecture Follow live feed
That was nasty by durant killer instinct
I wonder if Alex & the crew are popular at school tho.
It's colder than a polar bears ass up here in the 206......
And killed my boner
how much do you wanna bet I'll be at school during it.
Jesus: They then stripped Me bare before placing a short red garment over My head and then placed a palm branch in my right hand.
- that is a quite absolutely beautiful and tremendous Truth ! Thanks for sharing ! JL16
Good morning...Have a fantastic day everyone!!!
How dumb are some people??????
Fuck it up like you wanna
We're a new local clothing company! Big supporters of the Tremont area and its great culture! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Exclusive Discount: Save $15 on European-Esque Eyewear I don 't know about you, but I collect sunglasses! But lately, everything in the s
I'm sitting in a parking lot alone when next to me pulls up Harley Santa in his (just a lil) younger days with 2 blonde hookers in the b ...
Judge (about Givingline): "How do I trust strangers to walk my dog?" A: "Everyone has a Karma score"
#hth2012 Hong Kong memory institutions and copyright: "You can look but not touch" not #opendata No real strategy for use of heritag
thanks Jeff!!!
Hello Brandy thx for following
Hopefully you like it, if only because it is a different approach.
A Better Look At Affiliate vs Traditional Marketing Article by Allen Henderson What is the difference in affiliate vs tradit
I'm in a new York state of mind
I love Siri...
Friends can try you to persuade you to hate on people you don't even know.
To celebrate iPad3 day i might use my iPad2.
trevor Hoffman
A&E shows must have "wars" somewhere in the title
RT : More readers than I would have predicted are calling in to say they miss #Marmaduke, which no longer runs.
Lol very confused I'd say. Oh wait, guess where I just happen to be? In NJ, not that far to go #spankdatass & show 'em
Love this! RT I'm there. #mla09 RT : Don't have any interviews at the MLA Convention in Seattle? Join us.
.RT tom_peters Instant responses to anything, grand or trivial, are by definition thought deprived.
Mybad I'm late I was at work
Rolling and listening to some funky music with the bass up!!! This bassplayer is crazy funky!
Awh that is awesome! yeah I had work a little bit earlier today):
I see a refrigerator and it *looks* cold from the outside.
Looks lovely. Can't wait to get my issue in the mail.
Officially just completed reading CatchingFire. On to the next one! Can't believe how good this series is.
prediction: Jaws out of MNF both next season
No problems. Wife saw it on my iPhone and wanted it & I discovered it was gone. I hope you eventually work it out with the cos.
Superior Plus Corp. Announces 2012 First Quarter Results and an Expansion of Its Hydrochloric Acid Capacity
Are you a professional manson follower? Does that pay well? I need a job.
Think it's going to rain soon..
New this Summer! Graffiti Look and new Scents added to my collection :)
to all the self entitled jack asses that like to cause a scene in a restaurant think about the ones less fortunate than you!
Fixed RT : Omg Doug Mirabelli came back and I'm Devastated.
Ale Miley is here in miami!! WE MUST FIND HER!!!!!!
I'm doin ok how about ur self stranger
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  15
I hope you like your pictures facing down.
Amongst your choices, it definitely wins in the 'most influential of our generation's formative years' category.
Brewer game with sec 114 row 9
St Anthony HS of Long Beach,CA has decided to part ways with Boy's basketball coach Chris Morrison who is one of the young and upcoming
I didn't fail my senior paper! Can I just graduate now?
Make sure to check out my #thefortvc brothers at tonight!
Find me on oovoo goo.gl/d1S1J username: HaiLyHiLLLL
what the fuck you drive? The batmobile?! You disappeared into the night and shit!
“: I can rant about irrelevant Shit.” no fucking lie I can do the same
great show tonight! (I'm saying that whilst walking briskly from my kitchen to the bathroom)
They are still going to try and start at 5pm today. But the field is no where near ready and there is no sunshine
I'm upset. I want this day to end already.
#curlsunleashed was smashing.. And my banner was hot.. Check out the blogs
I do what I can.
Awesome ! What an honor that must have been!
hit my line
#MentionTo that friend who always has a jacket but won't let anybody wear it(:
I saw bird lady too!
“Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts.” - Yogananda
Enhanced newspaper web presence will mean more local news, more connections to readers, more fun stuff.. J. Barron
got excited by this, assumed you had exploded into a flurry of early tweets. then checked dates. haha!!! good man!
I just finished a 4,20 km run with a time of 20:37 with Nike+ GPS.
not really
I get to hear my favorite Ravel, La Valse played live by the DSO while I'm at work in Pittsburgh? Serious Friday win.
'he's been the love of my life for 66 years, he's my story' omg balling
Wow I just realized if we all end up married one day we won't carry on the #Robinson name :-(
I really hope I could play drums for you or write a song for you someday...Thank you for the reply!
we always said we would so lets go! (:
nope.. I just added u here.. ahh okay. may magagalit bah?
Noticed everything is up and running for you now...good luck with your fine establishment!
only 17 points... no biggie lol.... still 2 and something quarters to watch :) #GoPackers!!
Oh I'm sorry, I thought you meant what you promised me. Silly me.
We should totally go find an arcade to play in today. dead serious.
Love the new single. Heard it on the radio here in Milwaukee. Why are you not playing summerfest? Youll be in the area!
Yummy beer.
YOU'RE ON A RUBY TUESDAY
lmfaooo yezzzzzzz I was like "k" ! And how did you see this ?
I sure do make some really poor decisions sometimes..
is that a sports story?
ditto! must see TV RT : Now watching #Uprising: Hip Hop & the L.A. Riots on VH1.
no ive never herd a stranger say itto me :P
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments. oh yeah babes......I love doin it reaaalllll slow ( wink !)
I feel like I can do so much more but I keep making excuses to avoid failure and disappointment.
your gonna be in my fanfic okay? (:
my Cinematography prof was arrested for filming a prostitute from across the street...
It's a sticky situation...
this is so funny lmao
Punk is going to beat Bryan at Over the limit
Problem: Uneven skin tone. Solution: TimeWise® Even Complexion Mask & Essence – Used together, these two are the Even Complexion Power Pair
I don't even understand tht tweet abt rat & mice & bees in a trap so I cant RT abt thirst...bah!
[Answr] - Tatevossian - traditional cabling back should include new media actors. Reporting back has always been part of job.
God. My mom fucking wierds me out.
Nah Tsu Surf should battle cassidy or eminem for a 100 stacks on pay per view. set it up.
Just finished reading about one for one program.
Awh! <3 The song Moments is BEAUTIFUL. You must listen to it!
I fell asleep early last night, idk why I'm still tired.
but if u don't post pics on there it's pointless lol
I went on STRIKE from tweetin Alexa but its soo tempting right now lol.
I'm so teary reading stories of gay couples in NY getting married today. Love is a beautiful thing.
ok thanks
I am so happy right now.
Niggas be in Chipotle looking at their food being made through the window like hawks, lol. It's cool homie, he won't skimp on the chicken.
So excited for Madonna!!!!!
econ and stats now
Great Pics. How is everything with you?
wait.. A different one?
left out blogspot, bud...
I don't know..he just gives off bad vibes. I think he may be though :|
yeah but you have like 10 years of experience on me. That's not fair.
Pitino hasn't lost his team, he just wants to make another run at an NIT Title.
Thanks so much sweetie. It is such a blessing came at the right time in my life when I needed the change.....
Haha pr0n stars. I reported you as spam to twitter. Haha. Bow before me. Um... Yeah.
Staycation starts today through next wednesday... going places is overrated!
Sexting and cyberbullying have completely filled the void.
i still feel really bad for coming at during practice today. :(
"I seriously cannot wait to go see the Hunger Games with all of my homies"- No straight guy, ever.
I'll look out for you when I read the gossip section in the papers =)
I'm excited for everything that's in store for and their fans!
Bail Denied for Two Assailants in Jonathan Duhamel Attack, Including Ex-Girlfriend
I can't stay up late at all anymore
Our fliers will be in next week. Look for them at your local businesses. Let us know if we can bring some to your place of business.
Anyone with ooVoo can ooVoo me. I'm so bored! My username is kiaranewman1D
The thing that I believe gets in our way is our ego. Watch your ego. Do not let it get the best of you by persisting.
Can't wait for what's to come!
lol we dvd everything, but have enough for every night! We haven't done the wire, which everyone says we must
The sun shines brighter today.
U were making me cry!:( RT : Practically tearing up with , I love her so much <3
Steelers still got this. who wanna bet?
And u know u gonna some where,to make a better life.I hope that u find it on the first try...
Makes sense. How is Rdio different?
Believe me I'm thankful for my "look" whatever that means but it must be converted to meaningful progress in my career...
No time to sleep
Only befriend vegetarians. There is much less of a chance of them eating you during a zombie apocalypse.
Dan Porter (), CEO of OMGPOP: if you want to be a hit business, you have to make lots of products. Then one will be a hit.
Tanning & shopping with <3
Good friggin luck finding a decent basket if you live in the suburbs
There you go.
Bummer :( But then again, you might be super busy as it is hit or miss whether wineries are closed or not.
We love what you do for NPs!
Changing lives one day, one hour, one meal at a time today :)
The team hasn't gotten Convey and Zusi's cornerkick memo.
Join us in welcoming Technologies to Twitter!
I'm so fed up with everything.
i have no idea! are you?
If you think I'm mugging you I'm probably not... that's just my default look on my face.
i got Texas Toast in my sinuses!
It was Ben Franklin in An Economical Project, a discourse on the thrift of natural versus artificial lighting.
RT : GOT ACCEPTED TO THE STUDY ABROAD PROGRAM IN SEVILLA, SPAIN !!! Congratulations! Hope you enjoy and rate your program...
I don't think u should fall into love u should more of walk into it and stay with it. Why would u wanna break ur face by falling?And if
Lol, its funny how people say love brings happiness, when all I see is fighting, pain, and anger
Sounds like fun, and what a beautiful day for a nice bike ride :)
“: On a date with a pitcher of beer. Lemme tell you, he is saying all the right things. #singlegirlproblems”
Got "Love On Top" By Beyonce stuck in my head. Lol.
“: Yes sir it is. Lol”Knew it! Ha
Cool. I'm based here in FL, but travel to NY often for bus. Trying to exhale lately but that doesn't always work.
You might be on to something that's purrrfect...
Relaxing at coastal bend college before my show tonight in beeville
umm let me ask Maria lol *rolls r*
Retrain Tip: Sleep & rest some instances is more important than exercise. Too little of proper rest can cause more stress on the body.
This cookout irkin me
Let the long day commence...
Take it to the back seat run it like a track meet
Ball game!
Huzzah, my beautiful brown stripey finally came home!! =D So happy!
You know a prescription drug is fucked up if one of the side effects are thoughts of genocide
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
If you black out with your sac out ... This is what you say ... Sorry for Party Rockin
Tmrw at Marion 5-7 - A LOT OF #SEEDLINGS! We'll be picking up tons fr Farm - tomatoes, peppers, eggplants & more.Interested?
that's great cuz your sister said she'll do it
is working on booking more concerts. Dates coming soon.
nicki were both trini's alike and i really like ur music...
So exciting!
My bubbles!
And this, by the way, is why you play your stars when you're up 12 with 4 minutes left.
Honey Vanilla greek yogurt + granola= delicious
bow bow bow !!
LOL it hasn't happened probably never will...
Tomorrow is your first day in your 40s - wring every last drop out it too, and the next, and the next...
hey hey watch that potty mouth lol
2009 Pew survey in Egypt, Jordan & Lebanon showed favorable views of Jews at 95%, 97% & 98%, respectively!
At 11, latest details on security scare at Hartsfield Jackson and hear from passengers who were locked down in concourse.
In 1985 Clint Eastwood recalled a word of advice from his old drama coach. The advice? "Don't just do something - stand there."
IT'S MARVELOUS
I love people-listening in public, always amazed by all the info floating around me ;-)
Milwaukee Mijas celebrating the life and work of Frida Kahlo at the market this Saturday. Check out their page for more information.
Go Packers! 🏈
Oh yeah, only a real loney-loser-hater would complain about such a thing!
#RIP Adam "MCA" Yauch. Great memory of seeing #BeastieBoys open 4Rap Tour @ #RVA Coliseum in mid '80s! Crowd of 10,000 stayed on their feet!
hes academically ineligible for the tourney
ugh turn on!
So true. I went to his college and he gave a talk. There was something melancholy behind the grit and wry humor.
How did your meeting go
b-day dinner,going to Mexico and Cali
Chicago Man Receives Robotic Kidney Transplant After 17 Years
uh oh. drink lots of water, crazy!
he's mine! Back off! We're engaged. And I will be riding into our wedding on Lady Rainicorn.
You may be a saint, but you're the same as me.
Definitely exciting. You'll be able to take the Expo Line the next time you come visit at #USC!
Matthew, I returned your overhead projector and put it in your filing draw. Have a good weekend ...
in CO for the weekend. Cousin's wedding
Kenny,I'm tired of seeing pitchers bunt with men on base,their grown a$$ men.Do you see the DH added to the NL in the future.
So who's getting the new iPad?
see you there!
Happy Tuesday everyone! What type of pet do you have? We want to have coupons for all pets.
Thanks!! You ROCK! =D
Thanks for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!
Jacking off while taking a shit is a HUGE time saver. Thank you God for putting my holes opposite each other!
When you set your alarm for the time your shift starts >>>>
RT Associate yourself with people of good quality, it is better to be alone than in bad company- Booker T Washington
I lose everything. I need to buy a velcro suit.
LOVE this D!!!
i love u . Still u .
Help tornado victims today. is taking cash donations on the circle until 7PM. You don't even have to leave the car.
whats good with a advance copy of that "3:16am" =)
- No; I'm settling for plain ones. Figured I would give those a shot in my networking/freelancing before trying luxe
The first 10 years of a girls life are spent playing with barbies. The next ten years are spent trying to look like one
come back to Cali!
That's great! Keep us posted on your progress!
I always wait in your profile so you can tweet something
haha I ate a nitrous sandwich for breakfast
so lucky! I want one on my foot!
SEDUCTIVE REPULSION
Interesting so far Walker was ignored most of the Democrats in the chamber while shaking hands down the aisle
why you hate me tho
Thx for sponsoring lunch for #YPWeek event today - so yummy!!! -CarolV, IF Twittrer
Isn't it so much fun...? RT : I was just giving you a hard time. :)
thanks julie im a little better
I blink and there are 91 new tweets and I only follow 32 people. Not sure I can handle this....
setting up a personal portfolio website!
LOL hope you're feeling better!
We've just hit 1,000 Facebook friends! Thank you everyone!!
Yikes Steeler D thinks its a 4pm game huh
I think I missed the last episode of Greys anatomy bc I have no idea as to why they were even on that damn plane
it's almost like an adult Goonies.
see the convo thread
ALREADY GET RIGHT SO THAT YOU CAN MAKE IT TO MY SHOOT @ OQUA LOUNGE SAT. 5-7.
love you
Rihanna killed it!!! But the blondes gotta go...
what up twitter followers i just woke up and i wanted to appreciate all my followers for following me!
Good morning!
Maybe if thye'd put pix of Missing Children on sidebars of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner! Please Retweet until they do!
They're having a meet and greet. :)
Room service with a nice tip for the waiter #Bruins 1-0
I don't typically catalog snippets. Rather than amass a huge catalog of production, I tend to gear more towards custom tracks...
Hung out with the girlfriend this evening to celebrate our first month together. Had a great time. Kicked her butt in Mario Kart
How is Zack!?
Surprise hours again today! We'll be here from 10-2 today. Come on down for brunch!
Mark, thank you...
A3: Get more involved at the org you work at. If they are looking for volunteers for an internal project/committee, sign up.
Mind maps never do more for me than traditional list outlines. What am I missing?
Hey there, thanks for the follow! Hope all is well.
take my pictures!!!:)
I wanna ride the cat and the hat with
your twitter name looks different
Busted! 45 Mug Shots of Famous Musicians - San Antonio Express
Haven't been on twitter in a while..getting my band shit straightened out..what's up?
MT : ISO of some perfect, recent liveblog (event) examples for my Writing for Convergent Media class. Feel free to share links.
Feeding the beast Gasol with 13 points and 7 rebounds 3 offensive. Continue to let him work
Fox may as well just grab a giants fan from the stands to announce the game. Buck openly rooting for NY.
Right?...right? Don't pretend like you didn't at least give it a thought hahaha. Every girl likes flowers(;
you are an amazing actor😱😍
Skynet moving to shut down legal ed. RT : The cali.org website is currently not available. We'll let you know when it's back online.
#np Arlington Drive - Man Overboard. I fucking love this song/band.
we already beat em once
I will never understand this math section
About to just cool in my room until I get hungry and then ima head to the caf...
WCC has deep ties as religious institutions, AFA doesn't really fit into that schema
anytime, anywhere, hey girl are you down to......oh.
A great twitter moment. You rock, girl.
I used to think everyone was entitled to happiness.......I know better now
So excited about this review copy of "Indomitable Will." LBJ is the most underrated president.
Yesterday's digital divide is today's global divide - students need #IntlEd & #StudyAbroad to be competitive in today's economy
“: I am master of the fajita! Delicious indeed!” I'll definitely second that!
Whatever it takes.
ha he said he loves it when we come in since we always provide entertainment
Yes you two should definitely meet. You will love each other.
hahahahahaha kid talk bout cyber bullying!!
Lol true...but when most artists don't go to bed until 3:00 AM, we need our sleep. So, you have my sympathy. (:
I'm not going to Comic-con. I went last year but can't make it this year.
is Sexy rel to love!I will RT you
Limping around on my gimpy ankle today. Found my compression wrap, which helps considerably. Philly sidewalks can be hazardous!
The bats have definitely been disappointing. Its still too early for panic, though.
RT : FYI, Editor Nick Wakeman dishes on the Top 100 government contractors tomorrow at 2 pm EST in a free eseminar....
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets. Are you in Miami?
14360 ciera, poway. Give guard at gate address. Arrive 10 early and drive around 2 check out neighborhood
realest tweet i seen all day yo
awh you're so sweet!
goodbye Grandma
Same here, so I'm totally down for that. Let's do it!
someone should invent a growler delivery service that you can purchase through twitter
Glad your joining us for Writers Hall of Fame event. I need a mailing address to send invite.
no no no no (Kevin hart voice)
Everyones saying I have a southern accent ...
i cant belive good luck charlie is coming back on im so excited!
Yes, that was the reference.
Give Biden a Sunday show but change the length every week but inform him how long right before he goes on air. Anything b/t 5 and 60 min.
Amy Winehouse found dead. What a loss!
JUST CHILLIN RIGHT NOW...ITS TO FUCKIN HOT OUTSIDE.....
@ I don't work for that company anymore. It was a corporate account with Mango Languages
To all the procrastinators out there: good enough is the new perfect.
Almost 5:00, Thank God!!! I'm so ready to go home.
Way to stick together boys....we still have time! WOW
Since mitt romney has amassed so much wealth, you would think he could buy a heart & soul & make himself SEEM more authentic.
ok so I meant followed in last Tweet... 4give Blackbery thumb texting
RT - They need to put da Jacksonville sharks n da NFL n put da jaguars n da AFL. Dats my opinion!!!
Not beyond our usual bloggers | RT : Q7: Have you worked with outside bloggers for specific posts/projects?
your #Boston accent in #30Rock sucks! Come to the #Bean next time you have a role like that! Sry
And the thunder can start any time now to clear out the sticky mess that is the air right now ...
What is true happiness? It's not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. Helen Keller
Waiting 4 the kids to go to bed
#YouGetMajorPoinsWhen you come to all my baseball games ;) and even take a foul ball off the back to watch me play!
My brunch bloody Mary came with a beer back. "It's a Milwaukee thing."
my mom just emailed me bout a show casting people who are "constantly hungry". "You have to submit!" she said...No one knows ya like family!
All I want to do is watch you're beautiful 😭 I hate slow internet..
This is pretty Damn fun!
They are good. I like them :)
hi thanks! I will as soon as it gets finished .should be this week.
Yes please light up your cigarette as you pump gas across from me at Citgo.
The Dateline: Getting to Like You
Congratulations, Grant! Welcome officially to #PackerNation. Faith, Family & Football
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 50
Thanks for sharing our vid - rock stars, indeed!
So un-motivated lately!!! 😒
Oh you are going to turn Gin and Juice? That's my fucking song!
No one told me blonde was back! Aubrella is coming for y'all.
off to make someone's home office run more efficiently
no you
What if I ask you a good question- do I get a stupid reply?
Always taste your words before you spit them out.
That would render the pork double-pulled. // RT : I need some type of pulled pork dispenser.
please put this woman in Playboy!
Good index of a good job. Beware the ones where the dread is justified.
Some Boys, Some Girls reminds me of hearing your music for the first time almost 7 years ago.
Bord in class I got in trouble anyone els RT
MVP, Wayne Rooney! job well done.
Carlos Marmol is my favorite Cub. Go #Reds!
I couldn't love a man so purely, even prophets forgave his crooked way.
FINALLY! Finished with the State Exams, :D But Now I have Projects to do -.- What's up with you guys? :)
or ill juat make it really cute haha :) love you v
R.I.P Dick Clark...I give you a 100..:(
Aw, it makes you kinda feel sorry for him
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
RT I am.rooting got whoever . Winner better take.the pats down .Slow ur role homie ...LOL you'll b wearing Boston gear soon
Floor, Floors, All Type of Floors....Wood, Tile, Carpet, Travertine, Stone & Granite..Mention Twitter posting and get 10% discount!!!!
DeMaio says he has lots of plans, but isn't just relying on plans. He's already working on the plans he's laid out.
Thanks Josh! Will you give me a call when you have a few minutes to talk?
Me too Adam. Disturbing!
#FridayFightAgainst bullies... I have been bullied before and I hated it:/
TONIGHT: Watch Big Trouble in Little China while enjoying one if our Asian food specials. Second movie in this theme TBD.
You can always see in others whatever traits of character you are looking for. Napoleon Hill
my specific situation is the upgrade to 2.90...
put those blunts down & take a bong rip
What are you waiting for? Help us spread the word about the #FreshCoastClassic. Suggest your friends to "like" us...click here......
Since you always make me wait on a reply, I'm making you wait this time. How do you like it?
RT got this weird feeling ....
Sitn herr watch next top model. Dealn with this break up. Its hard but i had to do wat i had 2. Can't carry dead weight
Tourney in Ohio with #ValleyStorm ❤⚾
im so hugry
RT : Opportunities rarely match our initial impressions. Don't let them simply pass by...
Sorry to miss you. I see you found Monica Fernandez. Glad. Was my one suggestion. Nice work on the community profile.
Thank you for the #Astorga coverage.
Falling asleep thinking about something, knowing you dreamt about it, but waking up completely forgetting what it was
yoo I need the incredibles on dvd asap
Thoughtful question. The great news is this: I won't feel cheated on and YES I will still buy you beer too! Win, win, win. Sign up
We just purchased three new units for 2012! Get ready for our 18' inflatable mega slide and human joust. Pictures will be posted soon.
platypus day? it's MY day yaaay ❤☺❤
2. Starts a windchime collection in their backyard. Is your neighbor.
Since he doesn't tweet, plse tell Matt Lauer 4me Tom Cruise was right. He IS glib. Horrible intervw w C Brinkley
I mean, I don't know. I assume it's terrible because Gwyneth Paltrow is in it...
Looks like they're just about done here.
nope she never died , her man just imagined what happend ? it was just him thinking that , she faked her death !
(3 of 3) Comprehensive group of experts vote on 10th building to select 'most influential building in US history'
Aww thats too bad :( i feel so bad :( poor her !!
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" in-stock now. Beautiful, soft warm tones and grain.
Takes the guess work out so you can be confident.
You seem so excited for a Philly score... RT : Touchdown Philadelphia! WR Tiger Jones scores to put the Soul up by 8! 48-40!
I wish I had listened to you this morning. I did not look my best after running through the rain this afternoon!
thank you!
I'm back to carrying a cane around with a diddy bop like some kinda pimp smh
Oh man am I late
So confused?
lmao no, I'm still a hard working man.
Still stoke about The X Factor News.. I'm so excited to see every week on national TV!
I like to vote because, at least for a few minutes, it seems like we're all equal.
Sup tweeters
In my gym class I would rather run all by myself! 😒
WOW THIS RAIN IS REALLY EFFECTING ME INSIDE MY HOUSE DRIVE IN THE RAIN OVER HERE SO WE CAN CUDDLE AN LISTEN TO IT TOGETHER CAUSE IT SOOTHING
Continuing a proud, age-old tradition, you will hand over your family's priceless heirlooms to the next generation of Chinatown pawnbrokers.
Happy Birthday!(:
Has anyone seen my husband? He's in here somewhere....
Hey, near front of house, Red Bull's table/booth come say what's up!
SOPA and PIPA want to use censorship to "stop theft." That is unacceptable. The American people have spoken.
Hooray, we have a AEBP hashtag for this year, please use #EmptyBowl for all things related to the Austin Empty Bowl Project
you guys made nice viewing partners for the 74th Annual Hunger Games! :)
Love my Mary Kay Lip Gloss ;)
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 38
I can't wait for the boys to start touring and stuff again. I'm getting bored on twitter :p
i'll give you $10 if you actually tell her "fuck jesus". but you have to post a copy of the email for us to see.
RT : Nothing says front runner like kids in Indiana who wear N. Carolina gear
Freebie roundup - Salt Lake Tribune (blog)
This womens been coming into my job for about 4 years and gets on the picture machine & says the same thing "I'm dumb at this can you help"
#TheLorax cleaned up at the ! 70.7M... not bad. Predict #JohnCarter will clean up w/ only #FriendsWithKids as competition.
isn't that the problem? To each his own, I guess. Not like we've ever disagreed before ;)
Me too! I wish they had a new album like every month! Haha :))
I read "sit" as "shit" and was like WTF?!?!! hahahahaha
Special heartfelt thanks to my JB family for a memorable weekend
jim and pam on #theoffice are so cute that it makes me want to cry.
Hey bud.
Ever get the feeling that something bad that happened in the past will happen again.
I memorize really good
Due to popular demand, PacificLiquor.com is now featuring brighter colors.
Enjoy!!! RT ": Happy birthday beautiful!!! Hope you have an amazing day! :)"
Just heard a radio ad for a meat sale at the Waco mall... 20 ribeyes for $20!
Nassau County police warn senior citizens of distraction burglaries after seven incidents these past few weeks.
i give up it's either my phone or that has messed up twitter mobile!
awww!! I'm doing very good! How about you?? Did you enjoy you last few days in LA??
oohh bye bye
that my friend would be an advantage when you get old.
I'm glad you and the family are safe, Anna. :)
You want to do a contest through Melco?
#Ortiz just posted he's signing with the
Doesn't a conversation involve listening? lol! ;)
Provo, Spain? Utah.
I should hope POTUS trip to Afghanistan is "unannounced." Why do media always include that in the leade?
Is that a flashing green light I see?
just got done playin frizbee at the park! hope today is a better day=] ->KimBeezy<-
this class is wack a'f :)
1st pitch swing & pop-up AB. Hmm, Derek, we need to talk. Come over tonight. You still have my keys, right?
…We have a FREE program to assist survivors. If you know a survivor who may qualify, have them call (323) 549-5883 to set up an appt.
I'm a person of African descent
If I could offer one piece of advice to business owners it would be to have some integrity. Follow through with your promises.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one getting burned. -Buddha
To be fair, the only person I've seen complaining about the refs is Reggie Miller.
that would be pretty fun but I am not going to be in attendance to see Rey drop the 619 on someone.
chill dude. I thought we were joking. I really didn't mean it lol.
Tech goddesses: beyond Dropbox, are there other cloud services you recommend for large video and photo files?
Watching election coverage feels like sitting atop a great wall, staring at petty political chaos and wars, thinking: But winter is coming.
Today, er, Tonight in Sports: Pirates at Braves, airs on ROOT 7:35 ...
? RT : Volunteered to plant flowers in planter by our condo pool. Suggestions for full sun?
I keep seeing this thing about being able to marry my first cousin in NC, but check it out: all my first cousins are dudes.
In Chicago having an immersive experience at Grant Park Music Festival.
Business Cards and Brochures of our Chamber Partners are placed in the Chamber Lobby as well as the Sponge Docks Visitor Center.
Congrats to CityTV for bringing the "Got Talent" franchise to Canada. The first real TV talent show (more than just singers) in Canada,
What did people do in waiting rooms before cell phones?
Where my real clients at? The ones who care about quality more that price!!
or Seattle ...?
Omg. You had me at "truffle"... and with mac/cheese, it sounds heavenly
I'm having one of those too, darling *hugs*
2NITE @ ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Entertainment Industry Mtg 8-10 w/ 4 major speakers.Party After 10-2am!
the busy busy busy never ends! holidays=antirelax
Spending time with my sister & her sister:D >>>
Finished my personality report; it really shouldn't have taken that long! Time to move on to millions of other projects.
Thanks for the #followfriday :)
#ThatMoment when your friend tells you they'll buy you the new MIW cd when it comes out as an early birthday gift(:
Best way to start off a night with friends? Blast HYFR
re: your hair in the opening credits - anyone our age can remember wearing our hair exactly like that :)
Saw my babe before work, make that $$$ so you can bring that bacon 🏠 to momma
Did any THATCampers publish notes on the Hacking the Dissertation session? If so, I would like to see them.
that's awesome baby. You have been missing them too much.
Toast, coffee, vitamins, twitter for breakfast. Such a balanced diet. At least twitter has no calories, LOL.
BB King & Buddy Guy playing in #DC next Tuesday (8.30) @ DAR Constitution Hall @ 730 pm
#WhyDoIAlways GO TO THE FRIDGE EVERY 10MINS AND IK WHATS IN IT
it was a few Falls ago.
That's cuz everyone loves the SF GIANTS ! ! ! :-) Smart people are Giants fans! <3
I'm writing a book.
Thanks, hope you have good week ahead
How did we get here so fast? It's our last Monday of #AFT awesomeness!
Our silent auction is doubling in size! Wayne Gretzky + Joe Montana signed jerseys - just added!!!
Need less than 400 MORE followers for us to give YOU a HD FLIP CamCorder! Follow MomAdvocate on Twitter to WIN!
Did we already say we had an awesome weekend? Thanks for coming out #ROC #SummerWrite #Poetry Potluck & Pinot
thanks. Game tonight at Dorey. Trying to figure out if we play...
So Meek Mills dream chasers 2 mixtape is alright
#GOPClownCar file Mittens the Mormon High School Bully under "people don't change" Sorta explains the whole Bain thing, huh?
true story
It's complicated...
Im going through some hard times right now,I promise I will have your fan video done soon!<3
