You just dont know!!!! im freezing!!!
I'll be working too blah. Order lunch in, we did! (from - SO GOOD & my sis is offc mgr there).
Happy #FF to my newest followers!!
It's official. is the best music to listen to when driving in the summer.
Do you care about the planet? Us too thats why we use NO V.O.C. every chance we get. Help us save the planet by letting us paint your place.
Tweet me while I'm doing my homework! c:
Not even all big symphony orchestras have same model.
everyone in cudahy is already drunk :)
We haven't had a show in a week or two but we are still working! Business is a part of the industry #please dont forget about us!
Padres have been swept by the Marlins. Bo.
OH MY!! This is too good for people to know about!!
thank you so much to our sponsors for this amazing event!
hey i voxered you :(
I tuned in late and missed the lines...I see McIntyre is in, who's out?
Heard two radio interviews about Damien #Hirst retrospective at the #Tate. I still vividly remember his work at
good times O. I always gets so inspired and #pumped when I talk to you!
"as if" "it was his 50th birthday"
I'm so going!
yyeeaahhh man party hard this wknd buddy
In other news, check out Angels & Airwaves-Do it for me now. I will be listening to this on repeat today.
Today from 12-2 see #anhkc Brown Bag Lunch on Crossing the Line: Art and Design. The Professional Association for Design will lead the talk.
Holy crap, Quick!
really?! I didnt know you lived here!
Way to go America, you're #fat. At least no WI cities made the top ten, but there r still fatties here.
The minute-by-minute account of the Titanic disaster by is kind of freaking me out. Unfollow?
Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with us here at Sandia Springs Lounge! See y'all!!
TY! I like that. Hope your day has been triumphant. ;-)
So it's damn near may and it's fuckin freezin, the fuck
I know that your not mine to miss, but that doesn't mean that I don't miss you still.
thank you!!
Very good. Cameo of the Ponds.
crazy talk indeed!
Breaking out the PS2.
I'm listening
Laughs come from my mouth when you tweet.
Relationships arent complicated just dat we make it complicated
ok lol I'm going sleep too xD
good thing I've just printed myself a pile of reading!
damn lol, we always come on Friday. Well me and jas are gonna have to plan spending the weekend up Rogers sometime.
Niggah Fame OuT With his Kevin Federline Ass Niggah
"Talent, if you have it, is a gift from God. Using it well is your gift to God."
Don't complain about being broke or not getting what ur worth if your not willing 2 go get what ur worth.
The only thing I enjoy about school is getting new school supplies! Pens and notebooks and post-its actually excite me. How sad, right?
I love your new blog redesign. Do you mind sharing the company? I am in my own blog predicament!
Well we will be doing auditions soon, try ur luck
He had a great life with plenty of money why I am busting my ass working 2 jobs and I fight everyday to stay Alive.
Got a new case for my iphone. BUMPER
If you didn't have a Modest Mouse phase then we'll probably never be friends
You're angry at me for that? That's cool, just let me know when you grow up.
Thank you for sharing the resources list.
We are on Facebook under - "Progress Lighting Discount" Please give us a like and follow us to save!!!!!
dude i have school tomorrow plus get redy to get yelled at tomorrow well goodnight
#HappyBdayKyleEven <33 :) hope you have a great birthday!!
Congrats to the Packers on a great win. You have done Wisconsin proud!
Here in San Diego it's just another ho hum day in paradise.
I'm loving my new Keurig! All this caffeine has got me running around today - first up, laundry!
Omfg I just saw a hot boy name brandon on dance moms and he is like super sexy lol
sea foam green (; follow back please
I'm glad you're back!
Thanks For supporting my Mom :) This is my Other ACcount i Followed you :)
can I just say it was amazing :) & in 3D...i felt like I could touch the Avengers! hahaha, you MUST see it!
I know, right? There are some bad mother truckers out there.
I'm more in love with you today than I was yesterday
indeed. I start tomorrow. Just moved back to SD from LA.
#musicmonday money to blow;wait your turn;hard.
a day off! just me, a dog, & a to-do list. one of the first items is to organize stack of unopened PMLAs in the living room.
True, but why penalize Thomas for flying instead of NFL then? RT a good point. but montana's exploits were football related.
Thank you Mr. President.
It's been a rough night but i got the answer I needed. Thanks
Thanks! RT : Happy anniversary!!
Why do I still get nervous every time I watch this movie and hope that they miss the iceberg? Lol
"I wasn't that drunk.", "Dude, you were asking my cat why he killed Mufasa"
Rock of ages is fun x)
I can't wait to hit you up when Miami gets beat, particularly if it's Boston. Go on record, if Bosh is out it won't matter? Title?
My fav part to teach!!! RT “: Today in 1607: Colony settled at Jamestown in present-day Virginia.
Starting a teacher YA book club. What book would you chose as the 1st to read? #tlchat Ideas so far: Wonder, Future of Us, Matched
looks good nigga
who's rich?
Living your Dream instead of your job is so amazing! It's time you follow your dreams.
Representing the #pack and wearing my green and gold to work!
Mike Woodson is going to be Knicks coach Dolan will not have Woody drop agent then hire Phil dats nots going 2 happen
Life's hard till you learn it's just a game.
Yes perfect! Photos around 4, so maybe after?
Accident westbound Tropicana heading toward I-15 south blocking a lane
If I was a rapper I would say things like I just got home from a show or I want to thank my followers or Im grinding or the world aint ready
When I need you the most, you're not there
take out the battery and put back in :)
Which insect didn't play well in goal?The fumble bee!
is a
what's good
yeah our place in Orlando we probally will have an hour left but we have been driving for 12 hours 2day and 5 yesterday
I wasn't trying to say you were literally crazy. I was just being playful
Sorry! You can have the next one.
I honestly think that THE BEST software implementers are those that have been Sales/Mktg VP's as well as IT Directors. They know all sides
Got vm message from Mike Huckabee: press 1 to add my name to petition to repeal Obama healthcare. I better not show up on that petition.
oh yeah! i do remember! lol! thats good!!!(:
There's a scholarship for people w/ 5 yr interruptions in their studies. Behold another reason not to come back in the fall.
need a new bathing suit..
i did, but then got hammered and forgot! Should be posted soon.
#LoudTour will definitely go unforgotten!
Im at my audtion with the bestfrann brittany and omg am i nervous :P
So im gonna watch grave encounters right now lol
When you decide to stop waiting for success and go after it, plan your work doing the important tasks.
Oh your funny Girls look like mom most of the time so you made out good :)
Congratulations on your launch of BrdsNBz Text Line! via
CHECK YOUR DM
Seeking a #System Administrator# with E-Discovery experience. Please contact
Only on a weekend or holiday do I wake up thinking about what to make for dinner. Pray the rain holds off so I can bbq.
I will, Hayden! haha
#ChasingTheSun Time to memorize some lyrics ...
Nebraska AD on Suh.... "When Ndamukong calls, I always listen. And if I don’t listen, he'll break my neck". Typical of Detroit players
new website will launch later than expected, but getting excited!
Something's need to stay buried; Coolio's "Gangster's Paradise" for instance.
I'm around, lets meetup! any day should work for me. Chad, now that you are a man, time for that #beard!
RT exercise and healthy eating are in,love is still out </3
Has a feelin that this will be a good day! :) gonna enjoy my last week at chs.
Before I would always log on Facebook before everything else. Now I get on Twitter every morning.
um.. well LETS DO IT THEN! (;
Sweet...Check out one of Cape Surf's shops, we'll give you 35% off clothes for dropping by...New shop right south of coconuts
Just looking forward to Beirut tonight at
What I think is weird is that she was a full lesbian, before meeting me, she said I made her feel different and she did not care if I was bi
I had a great day overall. Had to drop some friends to gain some good in return.
I got some new tatt designs that are fire and I'm itchin' to do em. Bout to 420 it up.
Next weekend better not go by so fast
Why am I so nice thou?
Come on Teal...you're way overdue.
Nope. maybe they'll send us free samples for tweeting it. lol!
You get a gold star. : )
Drop Dead Gorgeous is hilarious! Amy Adams killed it! :)
Life will always be filled with twists and turns and ups and downs... It is how we choose to handle them that makes us who we are...
Beautiful saturday !
Good morning y'all what's for breakfast ? Oo by the way happy birthday to the homie ron carrillo one of the flyone krew let's do this bro !
Okay, I will google the name later, but don't know which one is Jeffrey. I admit not watched in a long time
Hey del how your day
Got 3rd place last night at the battle of the bands at Keynote. cant complain =)
Lombardi has Drama Desk, Drama League & Outer Critics Circle noms. Sat. "Coach" called a pick at NFL Draft. The audience diversity continues
Happiness to you both and great and prosperous New Year!
I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive. I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful ♥
I love old-man sweaters and leg warmers.
cool with me!
Noted: Audience Partners: top magazine read by Democrats. #Targus interactive insight summit
Im a fool & i know it <3
you both smell nice!
Does #dancing count as #exercise? Get out, support local music & dance to some good tunes!
Agreed... decent prices, excellent popcorn, and serving sizes meant for humans, not small African villages.
Got a file not found error
Moving day is finally here!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't put up with liars, cheaters, fakes, whores, assholes or douche bags. If thats you get the fuck out of my life.
hey and I are on our way
Why the fuck....never mind.
no thanks..anything that is related to you or your subs further exploiting Norma Jeane, I AM OUT.
Le michael hasn't been over, then i remembered what happened, oh whale
Absolutely. I'm looking forward to the symposium.
": Catching up with one of my favorite chicas !!!!" coffee and gossip
Foul on Moore. Complete BS
Someone please explain to me how people can hate in the name of God? It makes no sense to me at all!
Help! Our family is among the first victims of President Obama's war on traditional marriage. Need a support group NOW! Any leads?
In case you've missed it: We are live tweeting Jackie's Dyngus Day over here:
“The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in times of great moral crises maintain their neutrality.” – Dante
Totally relaxing today. Thank you very much , cityglamevents.com welcome our new intern for the dedication and great work.
Finally gonna watch Avengers tonight
Up all last night untin noon thisafternoon #editing video with FCPx that program sucks! upgraded to Adobe Premier instead.
do somethingyou'llrememberbc we only get about 25 in our life, and 4of those I can't remember!
I unfortunately don't think my beard is going to get very thick
looking at apartments online in LA for fun and it just makes me so excited for after graduation and all the possibilities!
those we check out while swimming haha
#NFAIS12 Questions about China/US, language, translation and US researchers visiting China less than Chinese researchers visit the US.
Tell them, "god, I hate bigots!...oh, no offense."
weird...keep gaining followers but numbers don't go up!
{As long as there is people on earth, there will be imperfections. Relationships are worth going past uncomfortable imperfections.}
!!!! RT : Tigers blow it in the ninth. Indians have a season-high three-game lead in the AL Central.
(c) owners want most to avoid cost, need to be incented to be more findable
yeah I know baby I'll talk to u when u wake up
It's the kind of tired sleep can't fix.
I seriously need to be at
So hype. Going to game 5 between the flyers and devils thanks to the best girlfriend in the world!!
never a prob u the best lab in the bay hands dwn
Just stay with Jesus and He'll never let u down& never let u go and walk with through things&u won't believe what he can bring u thru+do4U!
Vote Justin bieber vma
everything I read says Jefferson to uk is a long shot at best.
FCTOA hasnt begun yet sit tight dont sale your train ticket just yet... editors words
umm. yes. you cant tell me you expected 7 runs in the 1st.
but your learning it though, so it won't surprise in the future
First ice cream truck of the year!
Can't what?
The United States, per year, holds roughly 300,000 illegal immigrants in immigration detention centers.
I'm always up for a chat. Hmu
just checked out your blog, very informative.
Last Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: TOSHIBA SATELLITE L355D DC Jack Replacement........
Getting my house in order
What kind of content do you want to see from us? Tweet us and let us know!
omg haha. Thanks for telling me (:
Cause for celebration: I found a lost earring.
Unless your farm is stocked (ours is not), injuries (1) cost money; or (2) cost production. Can't see DM getting the OK to spend now.
:D made my day and I saw you at acoustic Christmas you were amazing!
Nets and Knicks game today:)
he needs a good woman like me that doesn't use him and has a life of her own
Everyone says we'd be cute together, but she'll always be in the way...
CHALE homie! Hahaha. That environment is not for me.
dude we could...i know dbz like the back of my hand lol
I seriously think of y'all every time I eat an omelet, too.
Settling in at a table up front for #murmuration. Spoon playing on the pa, what else? Come say hi :-)
Television enables you to be entertained in your home by people you wouldn't have in your home.
I think it's sold out
Have we been mistaken all along? Is the velociraptor known as Chris Bosh the real reason the Heat are so dominant?
I want to piss my pants and never take them off
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.❤
Abeachdude Orlando BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!! One very cold Teddy Bear here!
#harrypotter stole my heart!! 10 years since this series began, my heart is breaking now that it is finally over! What a epic end!
Lame! RT : lol I'm done with u
Vick will, of course! They didn't even use the one they have for Rick Pitino, so what's the point. But if he starts losing...
77Degrees out. Sun Shinning Blue sky's but i Still need a Hoodie On like im on the Block 10Feet Tall., SMFH
"No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted." - Who's Aesop #Boston #DoGood #GiveBack For you to Please Retweet
Yall look like twins
I've been using that issue to wrap my glassware in for moving :)
We've got the perfect suggestion for anyone especially hungry today. Try #SUBWAY's Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub. It's smokin!
“Education’s purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.” ~ Malcolm Forbes
Talk about jet lag -_-.......car lag
Great Easter ! :') Thankyou God for keeping me healthy and safe.
I hope my new fancy vibrator comes in the mail today!!
just filing papers since we at the new office
Another Beautiful day here in the studio. Making hits. Very blessed to be surrounded by good people
What if HIMYM ends with this story being told to the kids before their mothers funeral?
I guess the previews aren't up for the US store yet D::
Hearing a lot about Texas and Colorado economic development compared to CA today. What can CA learn from them?
Perish the thought! I'm wearing big girl pants and shoes for the 1st time in 10 years! Mostly no jeans and def. no flip flops.
Still eating turkey, so our thanksgiving is still going strong. LOL.
Other people may not have had high expectations for me... but I had high expectations for myself. - Shannon Miller
Hey how is everyone doing? We want to rock out for all of you very soon!
S/o to my boy for putting me on that Curren$y tip!!!!
New show! We'll be with Billy Otten (Bull Dancer) on March 14th - All Ages!
Confused but Proud.
ohana means never having to say you're sorry
And Kentucky wins, to the surprise of no one. My bracket didn't go so well this year.
2 baby bumps in 1 English class!!!!
How many open jumpers boozer gonna miss????
you aint doing nothing?
"Two week rule"...does absence really make the heart grow fonder?
HA! me too^.^ omg! #808Represent ^.^ go #8Flavahz ^.^
Revising Website for National Launch. #ContraAlliance is going DIGITAL.
Wow! So many thanks to corporate sponsor Market Genomics for supporting and #NYE2012!
Fantastic. I'll looking forward to it. I'll dm you :)
Love waking up to baby pictures posted on my wall by my gran at 2am. that's eight hours of pure humility. And they weren't even cute ones!
first amare, now bryce harper. players cant be injuring they damn self smh
whats good my dude this ya boy Solo Xquzit.
Is anybody listening? Radio listenership is up but not for news. The Internet is the news source of choice. #vocus #State of the Media
Happy Birthday... Joe Blanton on the hill tonight for a birthday bonanza victory
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (18)
I dare you to move.
lol now you know how shitty white people feel every election when its two white clowns. Jackass 1 or Jackass 2, hm.. lol
yes they are...polished up my writing, that's for sure
#TEAMVIRGO ALL DAY EVERYDAY
To the car dealer who told me not to bother getting all wheel drive b/c Indy NEVER gets that much ice/snow: Guess I made a good choice, huh?
I'm always nervous before meetings. Advice?
Don't count us out until the game is over....
It looks like a freakin night club outside my house! screw you lightning! D;
Definitive Guide to Display Ports. Good post about hooking your Mac up to different displays/projectors
February is national cherry month. Do you like a cherry on your Chick-fil-A Milkshake?
Crocheting and watching a Finnish movie about WWII after a day spent riding, prepping a Tufts presentation, and reading for YEPS.
can I get a RT from my favorite ESPN on air personality? Thx, you rock Beadle!
Gettin electric up in here at the fieldhouse
At least invest in a fat suit for me okay? This is my dream, Alex.
weird conversation #1 : *smack* "strange" *Smack* "strange-er" *SmacK* "strange-est" *SMACK* "OWWWW !"
Lipstick on a pig!
Zach tweeted me yesterday
It's a dreary November day, but beautiful in it's own way. Makes me want to read some Poe.
More specifically this idea is called "the Mars Consortium". Google it some time
Listening to Christmas songs that appeared on my iTunes. I feel more Christmassy now than I did at Christmas!
follow back ?
I hate when people walk out in front of you and walk all slow like wtf
youngin on his grind
Horrible day. Just bad...
hey beautiful! I know I was so sad! I just got a new internship in FL so couldn't get time off to fly back! :( xx
No one knows yet.
That good? Brandon Flowers was on top form tonight at Brum Academy. In fact it's one of the best gigs I've ever been to.
Craigslist should be a source of traffic, not for actually selling the home. via
See you at the iddba and try our crisps at our booth.
Went shopping on Friday and only bought shirts. Now time for shorts.
I have just created a new list titled 'Org Development' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /org-development
At 5 PM tonight the Spurs Five O'Clock Feeding Frenzy goes down! We're giving out all our tickets for the next playoff game at once!
SAG-AFTRA National Commercial callback today. Fingers crossed.
No internet so I use my wifi
I never tweet anymore that has to STOP!! lol
sometimes I need a night out of that city…
Morning tworld! Not really wanting to get up, but gotta be productive. Hope you all have a great day.
yea, i'll see what i can throw your way
#Trivia What year did Izod Center open?
Thx for being my life partner >"No measure of time with you will be long enough. But let's start with forever." - Ed Cullen.
We are closed today - hopefully everyone enjoying the 4th of July!
the party u left work at 5pm for?! DANA
You can call me Mr. 420 the Ghetto Maestro
yeah no one likes sleep....but even less people like meth heads lol
Lions show interest in Ryan grant.
I'm Emma Ross. Whos Peyton? ;)
Tell me you aren't trying this again? Tell me.
Agree-only time will tell! Tons of parents do things correctly & tons incorrectly -Both have lasting impact but which is which?
I'm the one that always has to squeeze btw the kiddos~! lol
That moment when I realize how much I actually miss doing tech :/
let's get a crew together so we can try out for
crack cupcakes>>>
Hi, this is Niuton Rodrigues. This is my Twitter account, just so you know who I am
Fuck that intern that's supposed to be my therapist. I have :-)
I had HORRIBLE service from #Clear. Sorry you've had the nightmare too. I RT tweets from #UnhappyClearCustomers to warn people.
Working on campus level implementation strategies for The Orange Grove.
happier than you will ever know. Every smile you give me, every sweet story. Every fact I learn from you. everything that you are i love
So tired but have so much work due tomorrow
When your little sister wakes up scared and comes to sleep with you for safety>
thanks for the #FF Have a great weekend!
Awww!!! Hahah!!! Lexi loves Louis. Omg. they'd be cute together! hahah!
Gud morning to all the mfs who didn't scare me with they face today....u look sexy when u wake up ;-)
in one if his interviews he said he was going back to Ohio to give gifts to his brothers for Christmas....?
You have a nice smile, I like yo haaaiir hahahaha
A1: Make smart decisions that fit within my lifestyle. Take the stairs, play with the kids, eat well.
Thanks for the follow, Ville
Oh ok. I met ppl like that but at the end day none of that shouldmatter because you achieved what you set out to do.
Yup those big C's are really lame.
You're awesome. Thanks so much for your time! I'll keep stalking your calendar in hopes of a face-to-face meet-up soon!
Do you see what happens Larry when you find a stranger in the Alps?
Best plays I've seen tonight have been blocks.
"What! No finger bowls!"
I agree on both and with jonathan Martin and Alshon jefferies still available look for some activity
D3 good luck wishes going out to: B.B., M.H. & T.O. today. Congrats to V.F.!
Hopefully its about time!!! GOCUBSGO!!
I don't know, but I use it for my GTD lists, my digital reference system, everything. It's wonderful.
Leave it to me to break the garage door -_-
we'll be back!
#ala11 lots of wine and chocolate flowing now in booth 3115!
That's words to live by
DSM tweeps; anyone know of a travel agent standing by to book tix for Iowa/ISU bowl games? DM me, working on story for 10
#thoughtsduringoralsex the human mouth has more bacteria than America and Canada combined still feels good tho
i know if doesnt walk upstairs and bring me something to drink we gon have some issues.
Thanks Love
Escape to Las Vegas and book your room through MVP choose from the many properties we represent take a tour @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I'll never say it. You know that
surprised.. Umm more like hurt smh.. Skylar should have been safe not holly sorry but hey...
The Facebook link isn't working.It would make my life to go to this!!! 😍👯👑
Breaking News: Harry Reid's reference to President Obama as "light skinned" discussed on cable news by countless light skinned commentators.
check out this web site for updates on what's sustainable and green in building and real estate. www.greenkeyrealestate.com
hopefully soon! we currently cover the east coast.
Nacho cheese!
I was born in the desert, raised in a lion's den
High stick put S. Fournier in the box...special teams critical for both sides here
twitter is a bad venue for this conversation.
My grandma's funeral was sad, yet beautiful. I miss her so much, but I know she's in good hands. ❤
me too!! I never trust a dog to watch my food I like to use the word dude as a noun or an adverb or an adjective
7year old has been fighting cancer and his last wish is to trend #PrayForLewisMighty help make his wish come true.
Must. Stop. Working. But it's so fun building a *thing*
I'm praying in agreement with you, buddy!!
She claim team no ass shots ...but iiiiiddddonnuo lmao
Been up all nite man...n da studio...World finna change when ya boi release ds hits....#TeamGoodShit...Dats me lets go!!!!
“: Thanks for the 1st birthday shout out for Roman this morning! So fun!” so handsome!!
Haven't tweeted in a minute. Sup people?
Kelly, treasure hunt sounds fun! I'll be looking for u. My base camp will be booth #602 at
I hold the door until I see the hypocycloids on your Steelers hat.
Oof, my cold is just as stubborn as I am. GO AWAY, COUGH! kthxbai.
Is it safe to do a scrub like this to the face?
On the plus side, everyday I come to the gym a car pulls out and I get a front row spot. #conspiracy ?
ah she so relentless , body of a goddess and I gotta take her higher 🎶❤
Getting ready to launch our Kickstarter campaign!! Stay tuned....
500 days of summer > Hands down, best movie ever.
Putting the finishing touches on my poster today! Sending off to the printer tomorrow!
I wish we lived closer to each other!
Love is delusion that one woman differs from another
*<):0) have a great weekend
Yes, think positive.
Fell asleep at like 7 yet im tired as fuck.
Don't let the days of your lives pass by
All i could do was stand there and nod..
There's a lot of info out there. 75k is average for many novels (SF, mystery, etc.) 100-120k for fantasy, but longer than that...
Half day. The we go find out whats wrong with her knee.
Don't get me started on SC2. After a decade wait, my rig can't handle high settings. I refuse to play until i can do it right
Exactly! Friends would just be distracting me from the perfection.
Chilly? Come to for some soup: Corn Chowder * Moroccan Lentil 2day!
I'd drag his bald headed as around town, not giving a single fuck.
Yo mama's so dumb, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Woot woot pens win 8th game in a row! :D
hey Red :)
He actually texted me first, I'm kind of shocked. #yeeeee c:
It makes me sad when my friends are sad
yeah that's the only weird part about it so I'm prob not gonna do it lmfao
Game night at the Kilt starts at 9pm! Video games, shuffle board, pool, OH MY! And the best part? Reverse Happy Hour to wash it all down.
I enjoyed meeting you and learning the real peeps behind the twitter handles at #foodprt. Hope to see you again.
Gonna go cry myself to sleep now that my self esteem is basically gone. Lmao good lordy.
you're a bitch
what happened to it?
I'm following you bitches! X
im not a whore but i like to do it.
Tebow is not an NFL QB! #HOP Tim Tebow 95.4 QB rating and a W in OT...people who hate, need to look in the mirror.
Wow! Interesting RT : Kentucky Senate Majority Leader David Williams will be on KSR Radio with me
When school computers go slow 😳➡😠➡😡
Gotta get a hair cut today and get ready to cross the stage tomorrow
I blew past that, but ok, if that's their point, then that's their point. Check their website if u want more info on that.
I find all my friends on omegle.
Arriving at the airport
I am (: please follow me or rt me! (;
I just successfully did nothing all period.
Oh Big Brother...Dani is done she dug her own grave!! I still love Jeff & Jordan!! Brenchel is still annoying!!
Congrats on a great season. You got guys into WNCAA bball, and not only cause of your looks, you got game.
Old men seriously make my life complete .. They are so sweet !
I KNOW IT WAS SO FUNNY and then her vocals she's like dickk in yoo face put my dick in yo face !! lmfao i love her !!!
shame on u.... lol
I may just buy a chevy sonic bc they produced one of my favorite car commercials of all time. And then donate it to charity. But still.
Grab your Ass and fly
I love you more than words could ever describe.
There's not a whole lot of new atoms out there. -Denny Mcdonough
Position players pitching < pitchers hitting but I'll take Chris Davis warming in the 'pen. Couldn't do it at the plate today...redemption?
I wish our hearts could come together as one.
first gisele sighting!
I don't know why but i looked at the stoopid picture from teh ica's stoopid party from the weekend. duck lips and spray tans everywhere.
Will somebody please give a shoutout to !? It would mean a lot. He is trying to reach 100 before Christmas
hope & yeah
3. JGillard will win the ballot on Monday (if there even is one)
Asshat Bigot it is, then!
I love how Naum says Twitter. He says it like, "tweeter" hahaha
In Germany .... not so much. Which is why my wife makes fun of me.
I don't think you do actually because then you're super brave! But with a dead husband.
Aubrey McClendon Must Be Stopped - Forbes
Need to study for this quiz tomoro
"Come Skate With Us" Demo and Best Trick on Nov. 19th at 6pm Desert West skate park. Skate with Phoenix Skateboards and enjoy free food also
The moment Justin Bieber follows you on
so cute!!
not too much, what are you up to?
(Mercatus Technologies Inc.) - Welcome to Boxwire!
I am starting to unfollowing all the people that follow me then UNFOLLOW me after I follow them!
There’s no point in trying to summarize Inferno, because it’s a book written against summaries. It’s an anti-summary. The author of
my face >>>> your ass
lol. Check it out and let me know what you think. :)
I know! And everything stays intact. It was literally the only thing I changed.
I want to visit our zoo soon! I haven't been for years. #echo&thebunnymen
How did Beck look? His numbers didn't appear to be too bad...
2 terrible balls called strikes in Luke Mailes AB. Gonna be a long night with a strike zone like that.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great Monday!
Was wondering if it was taped in Jan, but had a DVD in 2 rec. Looking 4ward 2 June shows. (the guy on the scooter ) Cheers
RT On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. (Woody Allen)
Listening to Pandora radio: Janet Jackson's "Thats the way Love goes" while writing grant proposals.
they been askin about u on the set. 90033 hit me up.
Isn't Mac Dre's mom named "Mac Wanda?"
angeles convention center and #herworld helping girls realize their dreams today.
barley risotto for lunch.... and the sun came out. all is right with the world.
Hey there how are ya doing? What's new?
good times:)
MICHELLE DAVIS IS THE COOLEST SISTER EVER!
u r awful! i cant believe im sitting in a hospital bed bcus of u! :'( All bcus u wanted to meet Crimson Filet, the pop star...!
I broke my own heart by loving you.
RT": Did you know that the Seven Mile Bridge was built in 1982 – in pieces – then shipped to the #Keys to be assembled?"
Should have took a vote, lol j/k “: As I said yesterday, deserves Avatar of Day as much as
16 knock knocks!
Aw :c New Years isn't gonna be the same. R.I.P Dick Clark.
Wow! I want to take our friendship to that level someday!
- then I guess I'm Party Size! LOL
Thought I could be three places at once.
Thank you Bob! It's such a blessing to have friends who will walk through these challenges with us.
Awww, , MPD just showed up with a survey asking how the bar feels that they are doing on the street. Shouldn't you fill this out?
Every achiever that I have ever met says, 'My life turned around when I began to believe in me'. - Dr. Robert Schuller
If I don't get a Shamrock shake and cheeseburger soon I'm simply going to die.
Ready to start my day Lord. Feeling blessed. No Excuses on this day! Let's get it er'body.
Everyone go follow she's DTF and #moist. And listens to great music and FUNNY. K? K.
what's modernist style?
wat up bro
En route to Grand Rapids. is pretty stoked!!
I wish I had more than 140 characters to S/O all my homies...i love all of you guys :)
I like the Nick Perry pick, but I wish they would have taken Upshaw. Perry is explosive, but Upshaw engages, pursues better. I trust Ted tho
You smile CRY! :")
I didn't mean anything negative bro.
Next up, john does an interpretive dance about the importance of sleep. Join me wont you? Next on Circus Brain Theater
awesome, thank you. i like the one of d.de menil, the cowboys and magritte. i want to read and/or write a bio of her.
I no longer believe Big Ben is human. Still amazed he's back on the field! Ben is a Transformer.
30% of #lifevineworks web visitors use Android.
Watching katt williams by myself. Hoping he can put a smile on my face :(
the post was to see if anyone else got sick or if I'm asking to fly hermetically sealed the next time there's kids on a plane.
Electric Grid still fragile says SDG&E, so conserve power - no A/C unless necessary - instead, hit the beach or take in a movie.
is that a snake in ur twitcon with you??
WE ARE INDEED STILL FRIENDS. did tell you I'm coming down for an OCC lunch in the coming weeks??
cause i have no money my fathers an asshole so no waer to go :'( srry i tuck long
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
WebMatrix for simple projects.
I honestly don't understand what you're going through .. But make your mind up!
What's frustrating for me is that I am interested in fixing this system but that's taboo & hides behind student services.
“: Every day the world consumes 300 tons of caffeine.” I consume 299 of it. No worries world.
Looking for expert MySQL DBA & 2 mid-level PHP Programmers for a hot new startup. DM me for details, remote work is okay.
The person next to me would make a great super villain
me too!
yo, can someone make sure im performing at HARD SUMMER this year? cool. thx.
you going to be at truck this afternoon?
thank you sis
Well, well, well. What a beautiful day in #ROC. We worked here at the office, but hope those who had off enjoyed their Columbus day!!
I take full responsibility.
Residents of , if you've been to the dog park lately, you know--drainage probs are fixed. No mud puddles!
I like Mike Brown, but nights like these make me miss the Hell out of Phil Jackson.
Getting a data dump.
Jesus is a biscuit, let Em sap ya up! - Mother Latrice Royal
Term paper due by 7pm tonight, homework due at 9am, and another term paper due at 5pm tomorrow... today is suck
Thanks man! Glad you like the tunes! We'll be releasing our full album in July... 7.09.12 to be exact! Thanks for the shout out!
We first make our habits, and then our habits make us.- John Dryden
I got 5 days to make up my mind. Money wise.
We must do that which we think we cannot." - Eleanor Roosevelt, first lady
Our pleasure!
I have a plan. Just believe in me.
TWITTER is a heavily populated city, FACEBOOK is just a vacation spot, and MYSPACE is a ghost town
I do not like winter and I do not like snow, but I absolutely despise ice. Please everyone just stay home tonight if you can. :(
ugh gotta fuckin fever bro
Tip #81: A rising tide raises all ships. Surround yourself by 3-5 hungry players like yourself that deeply desire success & u will succeed.
Check out some new pics we posted at ifieverseeyououtoftown.blogspot.com
B/c we're all bored # IMiss90sTV
how are you ? im suprised you didnt say "E" lol
#10thingsifindattractive guys with big, white, pretty smiles
Full house today luncheon ft. Use #amapdx if you're there. will be live-tweeting from that account.
Love it when I am feeling productive. Business Cards printed. Resume updated, printed and attached to HS. Ready for Networking tonight.
That dude has the worst unibrow.
I would lick that shit out ya pussy 24/7 365 u my favored pornstar love u beautiful
How do you feel about the federal crackdown on the medical cannabis industry?
Bet those bama fans are not liking Landry Jones. haha
Thanks for all your submissions! SHdc top 100 grinders of 2012 list is coming out this month! Are you on the list?...
Help clean up your neighborhood in honor of Earth Day this Sunday. Stop by PS afterward for 4 free scoops of ice cream w/ any $20 order!
Talking to you on the phone >>>
Say you gotta go and then say something really weird
RT : #Bucks now with 30 ast for a 4th straight game. 1st time in the NBA since PHX did so in Dec of 2007.
your not a hipster, you're homeless !
Guys in cardigans.<3
Think so, but saw it at violet crown
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
5 minutes to Episode 4 "Atonement"...who's watch-tweeting with us? :)
Well have fun in Nashville Matt...glad you guys are getting a break!!
C'mon phone!! Work!!
"If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have integrity nothing else matters." - Alan K. Simpson
sand volleyball at 6? Talk about rushing out of the office today!
I DOnt No Wat To Do with PeoPle Sumtimez.Hey i Can try nd werk Round Them
no prob. Ahah. Is your music on itunes..?
I followed
well duh! That has to be our back drop. And night time with candles to make the white and pink look better.
<3 <3 <3 oh my god.. my favorite was her friend that was pregnant with that abusive boyfriend <3
2day was a goodday,interviews all day,doing a shoot tomorrow,waiting4my next youtube video upload.This company wants2make a website4me.
I'm still trying to figure out what a contrafibularity is. As soon as I do, I'll write you back.
jammin to Vanessa Carlton... Not hating lol
I honestly don't understand tumblr at all ...
Just ordered my copy. So excited!
Common Thread, a California common crafted by a bunch of #Madison-area brewers for Madison Craft Beer Week, is being delivered today.
Whose green with envy? (hand raised). Not much surpasses seeing a band at the zenith of their powers; surrounded by kindred souls!!
Dang it just turned 12 ..today felt long
Booty poppin' to Boyfriend because I'm a boss.
#cantwaitforvegas lets make this a trend bored can u tell?!
#FF the first Organic and Fair Trade certified freeze dried fruits.
I started talking and then my mom interrupted me and my little sister looks at me and says "yeah maryclaire no one cares.." love her
If you want a good laugh follow
I'm sorry!! :( but I'm sure they're going to come back again!
RT Tomorrow is World Press Freedom Day
I didn't know I was pregnant.... How the hell do you not know?!?!
lol it's alright
Dude man, A Minor Bird rocks! I just downloaded your noisetrade CD...who produced it?
Now just like that
...check ya inbox Homie!
It's on home, auto. I can direct msg or resend :)
We love our alumni too! RT : Just finished my survey and it made me remember how much I loved #RIT!
thank you darling!
I'm not taking anyone! Just talking to a pretty woman!
Great show last night.Your show is the best to hit late night TV Never seen anyone impersonize so many different people so fast
Still looking for a winner of our Robert Mondavi Winery give away! Keep those emails coming!
Submit your images of the U.S. for a chance to win Blanton Membership! Email them to sat15lop+.com !!!
I'm seriously in so let's plan on it. My sister might want to do it too. I call your couch.
So excited for 's fundraising event tonight to support HMI: Newark! Looking forward to supporting nationwide!
yea, I'm a wreck. And I don't have you're number.. Love you too.
U called me darling,, ** #blushing **
national Cookie day is Dec 4th, that's a great list, thanks for sharing.
quiet nights at home are underrated.
Low key relationships >>>
haha Ikr!! I'm lying in bed sick as a dog wanting that stuff!
galaxy sat.!!!! u guys comin???
Yes. This is my background. Self-branding FTW.
hell no!!!! Im up till 6 am!!!! Jk I can't fall asleep!! Lol
Stranger things have happened. :)
Oh I have so much left on my to do list this week...
Perfect! just a heads up in case your plans change: we're open from 5-9:30pm tomorrow (closing early for a private party).
A recent study found that most homophobic men are actually aroused by gay porn.
HEY BABY HAW ARE U ?
Watching Castle season finale with my parents. Awesome!
Would ever go out with me? I really wanna know!:)
Nah they don't do those things, but they do shag like bunnies.
I'm running out of words to say to you, wondering why i'm wasting my time..
I take offense to the pie chart. How do we know Santorum residue DOESN'T melt ice caps? And is "pie" chart fair to gays?
Thank you for your continued support!
yes at home
enjoying the music this AM!! Thanks!!
Paul Hoilman just tied a francise record with an 8th inning 1B to extend his hitting streak to 21 games
RT : Bill Clinton is the big news but we can't overlook that Don MacDonald is also a provocative speaker.
Wx radio transmitters are up and down for most of SE Ala - text county name to 41212 to sign up for our free alerts - great backup!
congrats Brandon
At the Puyallup Fair. Whispered in my ear by my 10-year-old son's friend: "Mr. Dever, the lady in front of us has a beard AND a mustache."
Facade on a house under construction on broadway fell. Debris everywhere.
I love your page mahomies fo life & I was wondering if your going to playlist live(weird question)
It's still pretty chilly out, but are you planning on taking advantage of the sun today?
Going fishing Kellogg lake.
There are a few crazy people in the world and they're making normal people's lives crazy too!
Was I imaging things or did I really pass Steven Seagal on the streets of Ashland, Oregon?
Congrats on your projects that are up for Webby Awards!
Are you guys playing at the Bottom Lounge in Chicago with June 9th?!
I don't think minds! lol
May 12th your favorite Nightmare is on stage at the Branded Saloon in NYC
I wish Leo cared more about his hair and less about his parents' marriage.
i've heard that place is good! it's the Indian restaurant behind Applebees off of Metcalf at College.
that awkward moment when one direction comes on in the car and your mom starts singing
Life is such a flippin' roller coaster.
I think the colts are crazy for getting rid of manning! Look at what happened to the team without him!
listening to sydney band Cameras, pretty cool. then its time to jam to some Brotherofman tunes!
Need to mend a hole in your linoleum floor? Melt a color-matched crayon in the microwave and fill it in!
We all have friends who make up wierd names for us!!!
Thanks for following, gorgeous! I can't wait to meet you in Chicago!
Uh oh. 6:30 until. RT : Going to the meeting tonight at Will try to infiltrate their ranks.
Stop. Who would cross the Bridge of Death must answer me these questions three, ere the other side he see.
Remember to change your clocks this weekend. The clock falls back 1 hr.
Seven kids in minivan nailed for street racing
Any recommendations on the best web crawler/web spider software?
RT : Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
"Wake me up on Christmas - Until Christmas, let me sleep." ::ashton allen::until christmas::
The USA looked so better in the second half of that game. USA 2 - Turkey 1. Great game guys!!!
haha I saw that that was trending. You are
The Muppets- Academy Award Winner for Best Song!!!!! Congratulations!!!
Can I bitchslap you or...?
you are the man!!
thanks for the #ff! We'll be tuning in all weekend and Monday morning!
I'm sure it will and definitely "Best Supporting Actor Canine"
Caffeine headache because I refuse to drink the office coffee.
wow, some things on that list seem like they'd get some opposition from some other core contributors. bdfl privilage?
What is success? Can you have tons of money and not be successful?
Today I learned what it means to lead with your heel as the principal ballerina of the Paris Opera Ballet does it perfectly!
Chris bosh hurt now
On a house :O
I'm currently reading up on the Viking expansions of the 8-10th centuries in an effort to fact-check old material.
#DesireThursdays sow the seeds of your budding desires, as we settle into spring...whatcha got for me??
ha,Miami and if that doesn't prove that they officially have gone all in on "suck for luck" sweepstakes, I don't know what is
Man just got done with my #london 2012 commercial! Me likey! Stay tuned for the release
get it from them and DM it to me.
What, you're like, a BEE apologist now? "Yummy veggies?" Here I thought I was one going all soft havin' the babies and whatnot. ;)
It's not letting me in. Did you web publish it?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle Northbound I-35 at 38 1/2 St
you know me too well Lauren :)
I had an appointment. With my bed. #sorryboutit :)
Just learned the word Condole -Express sympathy for (someone); grieve with.
lol. Come back to LA!!!!
5 year old asks me: what do you want to do when you grow up and get strong like the basketball players? I hope he isn't holding his breath..
are you really on a boat?? if soo please dont rock it.
That's one good lookin' rooster.
text me boo
Every single one of you are Indestructible... don't let anyone tell you differently.
BUDGET ROCK CONFIRMED!
How can an artificial brain be human???
You make me in love,but finally you make me disappointed.
Sounds like the severe weather sirens are going off in Marion county.
Trying to get back into the work groove after being away for more than a week is tough!
Hey, Mike! How's it going for you? Did you move yet?
The Celtics still have the best uniform in all of sports.
Its been a busy day… and now a busy night. I like to think preparing reports has become a bit of a specialty.
it's not what you look at the matters, it's what you see. Your tweets are hilarious!! :p
Everyone! She's online!
I hear ya brotha! Hang in their brotha you're not alone! www.mybizxchange.com
At a certain angle, in just the right light, the milwaukee skyline can actually look like a big important city.
hey send me your e-mail address. We should start on the value proposition for the idea for Pendleton.
ditto. ": If you send me a note about meeting up at SXSW it better contain the word "taco" or you can go fuck yourself."
Hey, who you calling old? Seriously, thanks for not calling me an amateur. ;)
": #Sagittarius signs are born explorers."
refresh it
I sure don't care for this FB time line thing. Are there any other options to this thing?
thank goodness!!
The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it. Henry David Thoreau
awww thank you! U da best! Xo
Good to hear. Thanks!
Yea, can't help it, I was born this way ;) lol
i am so
and wierdly his music is playing in my head ..and creeping me out ..like i wanna stop it ....but itz not stopping xD creepy
Now that's what's up.
"how bluegrass music destroyed my life" fuck yeah
Thx 4 delivering goodness every day -> "2 map out a course of action & follow it 2 an end requires courage." -Emerson
Thx for the follow
RT : "Love is my religion." ~ Ziggy Marley ❤☮☯Amen! Love on...and on and on!!
‘Made’ casting call gives students opportunity to achieve goals
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. ♥ ♥
Have a great evening everyone. Hope your Tuesday rocks!
look who just followed me - is now following you - to teach me how to Kegel.. there is an skit in this tweet somewhere
why can't we fit into #jcrew #crewcuts? It is a) cheaper and b) cuter.
Have you checked out our market lately? Lots of good potential holiday presents.... and beer.... :)
Yes! I am not alone!
RT : Great line! RT All parents want is for the coach to play the 4 best kids & their kid & they'll all be happy.
Oh, we love football...I'm just always noticing these pastors leading with their NFL and NCAA preferences.
All terrible choices! Would be really disappointed if they choose a popular actor over a current cast member.
I need to get my name out more.
well ya know i try
Now who can the knicks trade for Rondo,i ll even take KG's old ass.
Thanks for coming out - glad you had a good time! #LALA cc
Jamal Lewis has got some stones - mangini's working the team too hard? Win some football games dude, then u can cry about getting days off
because they talk smack behind our backs
Music is going good :) About halfway done with the album. Gonna be awesome!
Need a gift for Mom? Stop in! Open late tonight, until at least 8!
isnt ur contract up next year w/ the nba or this year.
Thinking about tonight's delish dinner at Cleo. Never tire of their food. The noise level, though. Jeez. Someone think that's atmosphere?
just was wondering who i can follow from the wsj during the #badgers hockey season love bucky hockey
Whats good wit u
I want a baby with an afro! Soon
it is Stay At Home Because You Are Well Day! Today's quote - "It's show business. No show, no business."---Dick Wolf. Happy Hump Day!
yes haha! I put a video on YouTube so he must have seen it! how have you been?!
Thanks for following me, Marcia - and for having me on tonight! Now u can read my non-political rants on DC traffic&hockey!
Oh crap! Your memory is perfect! I was wondering why I had the urge to name it Boris or Ludmilla...
where do i sign up?
Someone just claimed that young people don't care about consuming information. Wrong. They don't care what YOU tell them to consume.
Gracias!! What kinds do you have?
Teens using vodka soaked tampons to get drunk TF? Why not just drink it!?
The bf was exhausted after dinner, so staying in. No drinks and dancing tonight. :T
Dude I would love to smoke with the dudes dwnstairs... But I don't know'em like that... (Stuck)
hello, friend! See you in the next couple of weeks! :) #GoBraves!!
That will work. I had a station wagon in high school. Could take the whole gang with me!!
you guys need to come to play in the new KFC Yum! Brands Center in Louisville!!
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture - Boyertown Berk Montgomery Newspapers
Oh and also watch my fave soccer team's game at 4pm haha =)
got great takes!. & while in studio, met a filmmaker on the way to sundance, an engineering student relocating to nyc, and a go-go producer!
Love Philadelphia! Born and raised.
How many people have their marching boots on??!!!!!! We MUST get ready to stomp and trample on this EVIL nation!!!!
Hurry! 12 more to play.
*spits coffee everywhere*
906 fans and counting? Who's going to help us make it to 1,000?
Thankfully i'm one of tha lucky ones who doesn't have to test! :D
At the #Houston Heritage Society tent for the #artcar parade! Show kicks off in 30 min!
#SUPERTUESDAY special! call in and you'll get a free conversation with one of our dispatch girls!
we're working on it! any specific requests for where to place more cars?
We suck at driving! We miss every exit and end up in riverside...why?
how bout we do lunch and come up w/ a deal? I give u $10.. u give me.. hmm $476M
im good bored as hell. What are you up too?
2 Pomona is where I'm on my way. No more Los Angeles Probation as of 2 day!
Meme of the year = Standards are like toothbrushes; everyone has one but no one want to use anyone else's (heard over 3 times in 2 months)
#ThoughsDurringSchool cant wait to go home and talk to and ..
got your letter today!! :) xo
#Oscars how about fewer montages and lets not rush Octavia spencer off the stage at her big moment?
#donrickles thanks for the laughs.
Nine am, Lido Shuffle at a CVS. This was life.
hey, now. I can get down on some twister. #WatchTheThrone, Ashleigh!!! lol
Starting a new band NITE BREEZE look out world it gonna be on & popin we will not be denided fatt sam & T bone remember those names
AWKWARD MOMENTS WHEN YOU SEE YOUR OWN TWEETS IN YOUR NEWSFEED AND NO ONE ELSES.
Monday Night Football at Enoteca! Come in with Packers or Vikings Gear and get 15% off your bill!
“: Out on a Trip Tomorrow, South of Ohio. Man, I'm still not packed.” better git on it son!
ok imma wait and see what the tanks are lookin like. And ill prolly just make it into a belly shirt lol
God the Giants are bad on defense.
Sitting in on a Chinese language class. Or a Master Developer Training for Puppet. (Disclaimer: I'm just stupid, it's not a Puppet problem)
I meant bored
Can someone explain to me why the shuttle just skipped Slowe?
Weather like today's makes me excited to drink away the Cubs horrible upcoming season in the bleachers.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way. (I choose the 1st option)
U don't have to fall off to humble yourself BE THANKFUL everyday and GO out & give your best effort always! Thanks 4 da text fam!
At least, I don't think they would.
Sometimes you change a little thing, and the acting career see big changes! Diet, or exercise, or slightly different postcards.
Arctic Babies Rug | Mommy&#39;s To Be
This so true......... I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. -Lucille Ball
Daddy nose best #mypick also kind of like union rags and the bodiemiester
LOL ur crazy! I miss u too. Oh yea I noticed something u wrote on Facebook so I lookd u up.
MY HEART SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS-SKIPS A BEAT.
Yet another day off from scho. I should probably be doing homework.........oh well! :)
haha. Yea I know the two founders. Good guys from London. Like 'em quite a bit. Thanks for the call too.
Happy Birthday, !! 😊
HA. Only good for the drag strip?
Bellies for Bellies at Richland raises money to fight hunger
#blackplaynames "watchtower my brother starrn prince an larry graham
It's warming up all over! That means more people are out & interacting with the abundance of outdoor #media available to advertisers.
You could have a fistful of brew by at Tap Haven... but only if you register!
Thank you so so much! We're thrilled to have fans like you.
We are SHARING one FREE referral....When you sign up MAKE $$$$ and NOW you pay for companies AUTO FILL process we are offerring for a fee
How I loathe e-mail!
Mind = Blown
Sometimes I worry if I were being chased by a bear, I would see a television and get lured in by its cheerful glow. Bear. Wins.
I have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
Great! Thank you!
btw, you basically called me retarded & it didn't phase me. I knew joe scarborough was a fraud I just didn't know he was a wimp
When you gone lemme meet him sis?
Ancient Greece ruled the world and provided the foundation of modern Western culture. Boy, they've come a long way...huh?
Sorry I had to hit you with the k boys. Haha
#WorkLifeBalance & crab cakes...
Ha homie jus rolled one.... Middle of the metro.
hahha thank you :)
A1 doing enewsletter for a few years, still do a print newsletter twice a year but looking at reformatting it this year
Saw some animal planet type stuff today
it said you were following me, but when I sent the message it said you stopped following... My email is
I just ate an INSANE amount of honey roasted peanuts. I'm kinda disgusted with myself.
Thanks for the RT! :)
if only it were like Xmas morning, where now we get bombed on mimosas... Sigh.
Hello Lets just start with #SHOCKED @ a Bill for $207$ for 13 days of Service.. PLUS Cancellation fees, Activation fees.. DISGUSTING
Please note the new fall/winter hours is now open at noon on weekends.
The way to stop repeating the cycle is to learn from it and then do differently. ~Natasha Caesar
Walk the Line is on.... how on earth am I going to get to bed at a decent hour??
tweet about Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010 --blogblackmiami He also said that some employers take advantage of undocumented aliens.
Succeeding its the only option.
on the corner of 6th and walnut.
I wish you Health, Wealth, and Happiness and a long life. youngevite.info It's a great day to start! Thxs for follow
When you make a difference with what you have, it expands.
In the Lab cooking up sum different creations #Double"A"Life
Ernest Hemingway on writing: Sometimes it comes easily & perfectly; sometimes it's like drilling rock & then blasting it out w/ charges.
Free Queso at ZUZU all Day !! Happy hour prices all day!! Spend a mininum of $5.00 andd enjoy our Handmade Queso. Merry Christmas
I'm sure if you let them know that they'd apologize :p
it's 11:11 you should follow me and make my wish come true!!
nah man I'm back at MT. Probably finishing the move into the frat house tomorrow night so you should drop by sometime
- thank you for the reminder to "wash myself with the love and beauty of Jesus" this morning.
I appreciate your passion, Kevin. That's what it is going to take to stop theses fascists...
just chilling before work...
It's better to take a small story and make it big in a feature screenplay, than it is to take a huge story and make it small.
Thanks for the RT! You know about our curatorial residency program, right? - Jess
I need to check out
I want to collab with , just saying! :D
Nice Dog #jaycutler and you wonder why no one like you!!!
AISD Elementary art teachers spend their Sat making/glazing bowls. Thank you to all of them & Nancy Hallmark for hosting the workshop.
I wrestled a bear once.
Note to self: purchase portable hard drive, 1tb is only a little over $100
When raps...
yeah so uhm, you should follow us on here. we're not that weird, we swear.
when we have 8 hockey features you've completed, we can launch the Hockey site for all hockey news media
I agree!!
Got my 3,000th Facebook fan yesterday. Now if they each sent me 10 bucks...
There is absolutely no excuse to still be playing at the Rave, or going there. Ever. No exceptions.
its been time girl!
well...goodnight
This is no time where the usual is acceptable. #DigDeeper!
my personal favorite d-bag self-descriptor is "visionary", but "wizard" takes it up a notch, surprised we don't see it more often
Tonight we are tracking vocals for our cover of "This Is Why I'm Hot".
Slicker Than Your Average :D
Happy Hump Day! Xo
haha that's what I'm sayin!
Just learned that George "Goober" Lindsay died yesterday...RIP Goober
naw but I know he yelling at JR Smith right now.
Hey Twitter! Thank you to all that are following me, I really appreciate it! I am apart of #teamfollowback!
Hoosiers regaining momentum, crowd picking up with #Badgers up 28-21.
Come on, North Carolina. I don't mess with your shit. Why mess with mine?
You will never know love unless you surrender to it!
i feel that!!!but the hell with them..lol lol
I wanna fall deep and truly in love with someone <3
I can't find it! Where on FB?
The greatest thing about being 28 years old instead of 5 is that now my mom can't give me shit when I have Pez and Vodka for breakfast.
Brain injuries start in Pop Warner and HS. Youngster are being needlessly injured due to a lack of leadership on the part of adults.
They should have shock collars that zappem when they get bitchy. yup
“: nope. Just a bold prediction... That was wrong.” // wrong, but I like the way you think
lol ugh, I really don't wanna go -___-
we barely see eachother anymore due to the IB hallway :/
i love talkin 2 my ol girl, she so real (y)
Woke up super blissed out this morning
Today is my last bagel Friday, I was just given a goody-bag full of loot, and my to-do list will never be completed. Bai summer!
Now Hiring... Customer & Channel Sales Promotions Manager - Louisville, KY www.brown-forman.com/careers
The meeting is @ U.S. Patent & Trademark Office‎ 600 Dulany St # 1 Alexandria, Virginia 22314-5790
I'd be so much happier if the workers at McDonald's spent more time making me my fucking chocolate sundae. Fill it to the top. Assholes.
Hey I need that song! Call me Bro! love ya
I want to thank all my followers for being interested in my brand. cant wait to show you guys more.
Sgood Kane how u been? Follow me back puerto ricans unite! Lmao
Going to the store late night in pajamas.
nothing bad. Just the typical housing lifestyle. Also, if I were able to visit, when would be a good weekend to do it?
Spending the day running errands with my boyfraaaaaan ❤
How many space ads do we need to buy to control the editorial content?
Smash had a horrible ending
Thanks for all the Twitterlove from my followers new and those who've been hanging with me for awhile!
I have a tool called Google that tells me you got Pipit from Jaws.
What's worse than getting a poster proposal rejected? Getting rejected, then un-rejected/accepted, & rejected again ;(
hey I have a gr8 story 4 U. I no a couple who will be married 69 years on Valentine's day next Tuesday :)
I wish you were in Seattle today!
omg what did he tell you ?
Just saw a before Hoes shirt
I miss Smallville :(
When you're offered a job as opposed to having to apply for one >>>>
Can finally have a lazy day and watch Full Metal Alchemist
“: The most boring class award goes to computers. -_____- ” 💤
Open Late Tonight.
Rhythm-and-blues musician O'Dell (Mint Condition) is 47. Actor Hill Harper is 46. TV personality/interior designer Thom Filicia is 43.
I followed em. Follow me?
MT : SO identifies himself as working for the #Arizonawildcats now. So, you know /Thanks for the info
At Rockfish with my wife enjoying drinks and food on the patio after yard work. 74F
Anyone else attending #smcsea tonight? Should be a good event.
they are discontinuing that service up here, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet
thanks brother!
finally went to the top of the Empire State Building
That moment when planks on the lunch table...
Hey, what does this mean for the continued development of stikki.me?
"Black stereotypes, black stereotypes".
lmaoo str8 upp I can listen to it for awhile but than that shit be gettin annoying af after awhile
. OF COURSE we were, silly nilly. #blackmail HAHAHA! ^JWo
good. Cause I wanted to like go over to her house. Then we could walk to your house and hopefully meet Ethan. c:
Hey, is The Barrens an adaptation of the story of the same name? We need more movies of FPW's stuff!
I do like ivy. I like all of them. Such great characters. I hope Karen gets it. Can u believe Dev? I'm thru with him.
First thing when moving a class online (or hybrid): think about pedagogy -- what *works* in the f2f class?
I throw my armour down and leave the battleground for the final time now. I'm running from a warzone.
workout then shower? starting NOW !
Trust is something earned over time it's not given to you right then and there... Ugh having trust problems right now :/
lol naaaaa I think I can handle it
Lamb tenderloin with White Bean hummus with Spiced Yogurt and Lemon Chutney....BACCHANAL, September 10th. More food to come!
Tomorrow geography Test :(
Whew! Had a great Accordion Kings & Queens show and finals
Just saw Captain EO for the first time. Super cheesy awesomeness
It's beautiful outside, i should have taken my little lady downtown today....i really should have, i think she would have liked it.
I can call into work with "the sickness" right? Thanks for the #ff. :)
Well done! I officially request more!
I root for #OKC because their basketball team is solely responsible for the black population in the state of Oklahoma.
Going with my buddy Adam to see 21 Jump Street this morning. No that is not a typo. We're going to a 10:20 am show.
Thanks! Have a great weekend.
Whoopee! Thank you. :)
tommorow i plan on doing nothing but my science project and sleep.
ah I can't wait! I love robert downey jr!!!
These kind of places are a little bit more styled and a little bit more personal - Tim Rice
what a horrible day. amount of times i excused myself from work to sob in the bathroom: five
So i'm just walking around in bikini bottoms and a hoodie. YO TO THE MOTHER FUCKIN LO.
No matter what I'm doing, in some way shape or form, you're always on my mind.
Rocking some side boob in honor of . I miss him.
I do not want to go to tumbling tonight. But I skipped the past 2 weeks.. #fuck #Ihavetogo ):
Okay, much better now.
Don't miss the guided tour on Saturday from our Master Gardeners! Free w/your $1 admission. Tour starts at 2:30!
thank you! Love this account <3
did I see you Monday night? I thought I may have.
PUBLISHING: Song & Catalogue Admin, Rights Tracking, Project Co-ordination & Engagement
That moment when you get the wrong calzone!!Like now!! Oh snap!! ;(
The #smashbrothers need a female r&b singer to sing a hook for 1 of our songs. #whocansing #sing #singer #r&b
RT : #Vision is less about what can be imagined and more about what can be delivered - execution matters.
I watched on Netflix. It is a great doc. it has 4.8 out of 5 Stars.
Thxs for the RT as well as your great advice, support and visibility over the first 5 years of Milwaukee Food Tours!
I woke up to find my roommate face down on the couch with no pants on, with a sticky note that said "was lost but now am found
My phone isn't a nightclub: having a private number just gets you to the end of the line.
Big Business and the Oil companies are not going to give us our country back we have to take it back by demanding REAL POLITICAL REFORM.
collection development homework & police women of broward county
I love hearing good news from colleagues who have won fellowships and students who have gotten into grad schools!
just make sure if you sneeze on the wall, you don't play connect the dots :)
missing you too sweetheart :c haven't talk for almost a week :c I gotta go to sleep. headache :c but remember this: I LOVE YOU <3
I don't trust em
Thank you for the ShoutOut! I appreciate the love. I'll return the love!
RT Gimme 140 characters or 4,000 words. In the middle doesn't do it. Yet that's where The Daily is.
How do you have lunch on the go in a garbage truck? Yuck
Try eating 6 small meals per day vs. three large meals. It helps keep blood sugar levels even & to keep energy levels more constant.
I past my state required final exam!:D I'm officially going to the 9th grade!:D so geeeked
UK looks scary good right now.
Rockshow needs to be released on DVD and Blueray. Paul at his rocking best.
Another awesome mission
NEVER LET YESTERDAY USE UP TOO MUCH OF TODAY - WILL ROGERS
Shots out to my new followers. TGIF! Hope y'all are having a good one today.
Luke and I should probs just never be allowed out in public together.
Rick Siskey It's one thing to claim responsibility when all is going well, it's another to take ownership when things are not going so well.
POTUS visit does not augur well
saw the other day, could've sworn he was going to attack me at my table, I mean he had already raped me with his eyes. ;)lol
we would destroy the hunger games. #truesurvivalexperts #tvrc Id volunteer no doubt.
Happy Birthday to my little cousin I love you!!!! ;)
YES! I do! RT : My latest : Do You Eat Certain Foods Beyond Satiety? A Look at 'Hedonic' Eating (& how to...
# of hours a day students spend on a digital device- 7 hrs 15 min, WOW! (Tony Wagner)
RT “: How dare reporters try to ask Mitt Romney question he doesn't have lies for yet?”
I'm lookin' to downsize my tripod to something that travels well. What do you recommend?
Pick me! Lol RT “: Dancing with that Stars season 14 premiers tonight!!! Who's going to be watching? #dwts”
Sadly, the PA simulcast failed, so I don't think most people across the city heard the song. But people sang anyway!
nothing... It's Detroit
People under estimate the amount of foot work that goes into creating something unstoppable ...
Former school board candid Steve Rosen: What would happen if we said to unions, sue us?
Good morning! If you missed our release Fri- We selected managed care organizations to service Ohioans in Medicaid beginning Jan 1, 2013
The next milestone is 50 flights in one day. I don't think that's going to happen for awhile, since I can't make 10k steps, yet. lol
i'm gunna say it- youtube worked way better when it was flash.
ya. my text made me feel better for... 2 scconds.
Well I am glad you made them B/C that is what I found first and then I followed the link.
DOES HE GO TO CRESTWOOD?
Going to get out and shoot some photography tomorrow! It's been far too long.
no it's fine it's actually not that difficult it will only take me about 1 minute to do.
I might cry :(
still a long way .. Take a break at the hotel with friends ..
Goodbye little piece of nature, they just cut down the wonderful tree in front of our house.
As much as I hate J. Noah, I would never wish an injury on him.
Birthday was pretty beast
Don't know what to do. #giving up
Caught a girl looking at my ass while I was going up the stairs xD..... Awkward!
that awkward moment when "cool" shit aint cool anymore... :/
congrats! Enjoy your time in Paris!
The Bourbon Street Grille, Dahlonega, Ga. 6pm show time! Muah!
Delay dont mean denied from the Lord. He's up to something. Have your way in our lives Jesus.
I just realized that every year is a transitional year.
why are WI women worth less in workplace than men? Now that you've repealed the Equal Pay Enforcement Act we have no recourse.
I need a nap right meow .
:have a great thursday!
lol well here I am:)
just got an email back from DOT. The markings there are temporary. Real ones will be in place in a few weeks.
#JDaddyFact The song " U smile " was dedicated to All Beliebers RT if you love Justin Bieber :)
Omg u guys!! I just barfed! Aghh! I have field day tomorrow! U know what that is? Competition!!! Omg help :C
Thank YOU! RT thank you for the hard work....the creativity and the willingness to let us all join in :)
Person you marry (and/or have children w/) <---most important decision of your life
Or was it, "I love Santorum.... AND Rick Santorum"
Ok, time to get off my ass and do some yoga.
- Looking forward to seeing you and the whole #Cytomax team Thursday! Going to be a great day, great event! #weloveoursponsorsbaby!
Ima send you somethin I need done asap, how fast can you do it?
so where do I get it?
You need to find a good cobbler! I've resuscitated many of my worn out favs. They can really make them look new again 👡👠👢
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend mine is love you
whatever , do what u do then hoe
- I had a AWESOME DAY :D
Coming soon! ... You'll wanna be checking this dude out. Awesome songwriter, my next release.
YES! Now that's a ticket I could really get behind. RT Totally cannot wait for Lane/McClain 2012!
Just drove passed the "Jeepers Creepers" truck
I appreciate the advice
Honetly #ireallywant to have a nice day,but my definition of a "nice" day is a bit different
Been up for a minute...ready 2go back 2sleep
okk!!! U will learn! I love making tie blankets!
Menus with prices printed in words.
Trying out this Twitter thing...what's this all about? Too much social media too fast...to understand it all at once...
Puerto Rico, semi finalist in Miss Universe Pageant!
You Better Take Good Care Of My Baby
#SDCC food recommendation: bubs at the ballpark off j st. Pittsburg sandwich "all the way".
I've perfected my NCAA bracket. Time to watch the end of the bulls heat game and eat reeses puffs.
I think I should find a better use for my sweaters than wearing them since it is 77 degrees in January...
oh there large,ha I wish someone would play with me my US tech asked if she could Grab my ass the other day I let her :)
ABD would be awesome! I would love to do one of the European tours!
patience u know it
u sound like a true hater
I suppose you mean yourself! I haven't ever dialed 911, from a rotary, mobile, or my backside. :)
