97 degree temps + first Eskimo sighting + lots of frayed nerves at the poker table = we are in the thick of the WSOP now.
Besides upper management, get your HR & IT teams involved too when implementing #CRM. cc'
": hey what do u use on ur skin its so pretty n even" <--I usually switch between rose hip oil and any good lotion. thx!!
i hate January too many deaths that happened through out this month and i hate February even more
way to follow up once again. Jets to trade up, maybe not, absolutely not. Hey at least no typos!
good that would've really sucked.
Packers new DE Anthony Hargrove suspended 8 games for his role in Bounty Gate.
I wonder whaat people think abouut wheenn they read whaat ii tweet . They're probably like wtf this bitch is one weird mother fucker lmao (x
I had a joint interview today and the girl beside me barfed all over the place. I can't imagine it hurt my chances too much.
This may truly be my finest moment: "Klout believes you are influential about Nicolas Cage."
they're shoes. like indian looking type of shoes. lol, but they're cute. :)
Your hair looks great! Your Denver buddy is a weight lifter then? ;)
DC: the mayor is now trying to get the endorsement of President Obama. This moolee is really, really, desperate.
yeah, honestly it was pretty tacky.
I'm way too tired to wake up!
I think I just fell in love again, I can't put my guitar down and I am highly caffeinated--totally not touching my homework tonight.
It's turkeytime! Eat Out In will be closed Thanksgiving Day & will re-open Friday, Nov. 25th at 4pm. Have a safe & happy holiday!
Exciting but exhausting!
this is for tomorrow right?
Last chance to discover how to energize your career. Reg for Wednesday evening's event here: bit.ly/qE11Sw
lol why? It's so pretty! :)
Jani Chinese Restaurant (Huntington NY) had the gaul to charge me $4 for eel sauce and spicy mayo on my take out order. RIP OFF
Why does hunger happen at the most inconvenient moments?
will you even answer ?
Thanks for the 💙
Good morning world! God Bless! It's bout that time!
Soco Amaretto Lime
I applied
#prints are available for my new #art and working on a new #show More information in the coming weeks
my math teacher is team steffen wtf?????????????
I found "wear underwear" on an old To-Do List. I used to be so fun.
lol - kicks in the head free so long as I get my steady diest of kicks in the ass!
Spoiler alert! SummerFest tickets go on sale this Monday, and we have a Facebook special ready for our fans! Stay posted...
yeah what's good with that?
"I was such a dangerous hitter I even got intentional walks in batting practice. " ~Casey Stengel, 1967
me and are coming to visit yearbook tomorrow :)
:) Thanks Bon. That makes my morning
Prayers for those affected by yesterday's tornadoes.
i would like the record to show that if I had money to give, i would say yes. :)
thanks.. I knew it all along.
third overtime
nice review. I didn't know they were so maligned
This game is a classic lol.
RT : Hi, I'm Mitt Romney, and I can't wait to find out your positions so that I can hold them too.
Thanks for the #FF and !!
#PacersWin they defeat the #OrlandoMagic in 5 Games they are now heading on to the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals to take on Miami
Heading to Chicago with for a day of birthday fun!
are your thoughts on Michael Brockers? And possibly to the Eagles?
I'm pretty sure Walter from Fringe has the best dreams.
Forreal doe I want crepes.
Ah no Rose is hurt again ugh!!!!
I like doing that...lol
Happy Birthday!! Keep going to do your beautiful music!
What have you accomplished this weekend?
We have 2 extra comp tix to Supersuckers and Reno Divorce at the Bluebird tonight. Hit us up if you want to join us.
So thankful for a beautiful California day today!
The MIAD senior show is always great!
Who says you won't wear that bridesmaid's dress again? Thanks to Alicia Elliott McNully, I'm stylin' and ready for tonight's
This tower is actually a Dell server. I'm gonna turn it into my file server so I can have access to EVERYTHING from ANYWHERE
serious about what? Hey follow me
At the Wisconsin Newspaper Association convention waiting on a forum to start with Fitzgerald, Neumann, Thompson. Should be interesting.
Thanks! We are super excited. Please join our fan page on FB. We update it regularly. Thanks again! Gotta love the 80's!
Great to meet you on Sunday, Thanks for coming out in the rain.
hit me up for photo and video
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #24hours !!!!! LEGGOOO !! 56
I don't know who that is but the concept of this is awesomely hilarious.
New St. Vincent album. Excitement is inevitable!
Kind of like this having all the draft picks signed in May thing
A job is not a career. I think I started out with a job. It turned into a career and changed my life.
Don't want to talk, well text us! 52545 and get your local requests in! #supportlocalmusic on
LaHair is a machine.
Im actually tweeting today :O
Have left Florida, bound for Kansas, late September, should have brought a jacket. Brrrr
when u in la
"Ugh, you threw off my groove." "I'm sorry, but you threw off the emperors groove." "I'm sorry!"
Did you know that chocolate is poisonous to dogs? Only a small amount can really affect your pet!
#Golf If Fowler can hang onto the Wells Fargo Tourney, he easily leaps Rickie Lake in my rankings "IE" Still gotta catch Ricky Martin, Rubio
Not about the soccer field, its about force protection, surveillance and separation for the guards.
The picture and I drew in biology and gave to Mr. Stevens. >>>
2012 has taught me that change is possible and any effort no matter how small can move the world!
So does a little bit of Taylor Swift & Demi Lovato. :)
ohmygod too precious
At work, yet again. Trying to come up with some new and fun marketing ideas...
Watching the heat game at the airport. Istanbul bound :)
Just announced! CD Release for our debut album "Between Tomorrow" will be July 2nd!
"The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts."
aww..no excuse why he doesnt use the number
All I wanna do is sleep forever
how about just getting better umps?
Tonight's freeze warning brings out the Fla. in me. Using my deck torches as smudge pots to protect a few early bloomers. C u @ 4AM!
there is. It's called eliminating waste and having accountability. Approvals indicate a lack of trust
don't forget to talk to your mommy about college visit
Call me crazy, but I don't see #UK's guys getting together to say something everyone is already thinking they'll say (i.e. NBA draft).
thanks for following back. We are happy to have connected on Linkedin and now here!
just blew me, smh.
Chestnut Tree on will move to Thursday nights/Friday Mornings from 2-5AM starting October 2nd. Same time, new night! :D
just speculating
Ping! I'll circulate viewing times for the vow
Hopefully I feel a thousand times better tomorrow!
you r better off working ....
Yea I'm going to be a crack 🐰 this week with my overwhelming excitement of my trip ! 😁😊
THATS WHAT IM TALKIN BOUT GO GIANTS MAN WE WON WOO YEA BUDDY
We all die. I dnt plan to live forever, my plan is to create something that will :)
Still catching up on work, cleaning fish tanks. Wireless is down at home... I'll be back to Twitter tomorrow, I hope
That would be Saturday?
love that video.
the only DIV 1 Mens bball team that can run 5v5 with their own team is 'Cuse they are loaded and deep bench.
watching the beastie boys tribute on MTV
Today is an important, beautiful day in #DC and #American History: the dedication of the #MartinLutherKingMemorial!
...I had a seizure last night and I'm in the hospital. My son and is with me
LIFE IS WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT...NEVER BE AFRAID TO FAIL BECAUSE WITHOUT FAILURE THERE IS NO SUCCESS
block him, then follow him back
Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
In retrospect, yes, the similarity to Cartman should have been a red flag. Thanks for the RT!
Today 1842: A debate in Wisconsin Territorial Legislature ended in the shooting of Charles Arndt by James Vineyard. Vineyard was acquitted.
Jason Terry. Great foul 25 ft from the basket wit 1 sec on the shot clock. Really? U want to get paid in the offseason?
"cant decide if i want the $500 feature added or the $1500 feature — Why dont u dev both, let me see & then decide?" UM HOW ABOUT NO!?
Anyone know anyone that's single? :/
Today was confusing
fire in a garage, shooting reported, over 100 fires, UK fans need to chill
Recharging my batteries...
Bout to start messin around again with the bro go follow him!!!
ghffvfj YOUR ON MY RADIO STATION !!!(: <33 #SoListen AH I CANT HELP FROM BEIG ADDICTIED TO THIS SONG<33
I wanna see your video (:
Amazing day in the studio working hard :) *giggles*
aw <333 thank you!
My Favorite Comment From Shit White Moms Say... "Oh good lord I have become the Mom in the green sweatshirt." kariberi 1 month ago
#BattleLosAngeles looks like a terrible alien movie. District 9 on crack mixed w/ independence day. Just need will smith to make it good.
We had a heavy dew last night & overcast with high humidity slowing us down. At this point no openings available.
they have options on them. I know they might. Some of the pick-ups for chevys are getting good gas mpg.
Its cold
Tomorrow I'm leaving for California to begin my new life in the sun. I'd do a happy dance but I'm too tired from packing.
We are now one week away from announcing the lineup for the 2011 Minerva Music Festival hosted by Bam Margera!
The race is not given to the swift nor the strong but to he that endures to the end....🏃🏃🏃🏃
Well it worked, my cough is definitely better.
it maintains it's iconic shape and advances technically.
Great TV
Just got a last minute emergency Birthday Cake order so we'll be open late tonight. Stop in for a late night dessert!
I want a female who is gonna have my back through the good and the badd
I can't believe I have to replace my hot water heater
Grooving to the
no, Bogut's kryptonite is obviously a medical staff
3.5 hours until my flight!!
Sometimes i front tht im ok, when really im super pissed off 😡
| Thanks for the shout out!
His most serious crime is climate science fraud.This will haunt us for a long time. Crimes against present & future grenerations
Haven't been on Twitter in forever! :))
On set at Little River Studios - what an amazing place to shoot!
Please tell me what it takes to get at least 10 likes on an instagram pic.. A picture of my ass? Naked? My life DEPENDS on your likes...
Not good at al sick again...... What about you M
At noon, Disability and Activism with Nolan, Sarah, and Mike.
doing good as well! Good to hear back from you
It's fun watching the construction workers tear down the building next to my office!
After waiting in line for ages at , I now recognize how many subtleties of the UX of the Apple Store I take for granted.
thanks bro ! Hopefully it works
Or at my State Rep office at the the TLR Cafe open until 2AM! ": #Youhaventlived until you've two stepped at Billy Bob's."
I guess I have to find someone to go with /: lol
Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores are planning to keep more than 4,000,000 pounds of material out of the landfill this year? Now you do!
has a couple tough weeks of training coming up.
Birthday tomorrow!!!!
#Cinch chocolate protein shake by #Shaklee always helps get me back on track!
Anybody else planning on being up all night? Feel free to join me.
JOIN US ~ New color photography exhibition by Pete McCutchen opening RECEPTION NOW from 6-8:30pm! Come check it out!
I love this time of night on Twitter. While my American chatterboxes sleep, my Desi guppastanis are going full force.
I love chicago accents lol, they're only an hour from us but their accents and colloquialisms are so different
I accidentally DVR'd a movie on a Non-HD channel. Now I have to wait for it to come on again.
I dont know how to feel right now. I'm not responding to calls or texts so dont take it personal.
zyrtec makes you sleepy? that's weird.
gingrich loses & is shot into space. his exterior gets burned leaving only G, R, I, N, C, H legible, like in Star Trek: The Motion Picture
Lots of fog in the west shore area!
Hey, glad to hear you're good!! Yeah me too, crazy busy...have a final on Friday...eeakk lol
I meant it was nice to see you under lara4you or any other identity:D
Samuel Cunningham~ Preparation is not the enemy of success but a dear friend. Be good to yourself and the favor will return.
Field trip !!!!
Florida is 3 hours ahead.
Looks like less than 2" of snow on the ground in NE Seattle, but it is heavy stuff, with shrubs and trees taking another beating.
Thanks for live tweeting! That was AWESOME.
Good quinces practice:))but i swear this ppl better get their act together cuz they been so damn annoyin:))
the type to get hurt, but that's the past tense
Easily the worst movie of that year I went into with positive expectations
Goddamn, Panic! lyrics are way too catchy <3
Kind of weird to have the whole world watching
Wish I hadn't read backwards, cause now I have already seen what what's in there!
my wife uses it to bill her dev work and really likes it.
Ohh Well Im Fine With That:]
We hope you enjoyed the show! If you can come back for the post show conversation this Sunday.
I liked "Shut up and get away!"
how that album coming
Stay safe.
WHERE you be!?!?
Oh man! Trust it wasn't us! lol
thanks for the shoutout!
Getting some work done while watching 's video shoot at Carte Blanche studios.
BTW, didn't know you cut your hair!! Whoa, huge difference.
I should be there, may have to leave and go back to work though. I didn't know you guys had graduations during work hrs.
Will not be the last, and there have also been so many more since the law became to be. Another family is in hiding in hotel...
Sexy and I know it :)
#schoolmemories having parties in class.
When you are weak, call on Jesus & you will be made strong. His #Grace is all we need, all you need to do is as Him for it. see 2 Cor 12:9
umm yea!? I don't know if my mom will let me though
Thanks for the Good vibe!! Same to U!
what cha doing
Still searching for a great piece of literary fiction for issue 3. Your piece could be up in a matter of days. translitmag [at] gmail.com
; erryday erryday fuck what anybody say, can't see em cuz the money in the way, real niqquh what's up !
G'night, Twitter.
we need a shoot ASAP!
Heyy thanks for following :D
just your muscles!!!
honestly I think the major thing that most gay couple are looking for are the legal rights associated w/heterosexual marriage
I thought that book was scary, but at least I've heard of it!
Cam Newton looked good
Thanks so much! It was such a terrible bill. So glad we beat it!
Angry Birds Space HD! Oh shit there goes the weekend.
still re: Hunger Games - the stuff-taken-out bugs me, but the acting made up for it. Everyone embraced their character.
Its going to get ugly before it gets pretty.
Seriously ? Ordered Saturday and received today. Amazing.
. Haha. They're keeping an eye on you. Happy Birthday!
WHOA!!! Sparty opens the 2012 College Football Season by Welcoming Boise State to Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, MI.
more like Jimmy Johns. So fast its freaky.
lol I respect that
your only friend
I was just trying to boost her followers. It's sort of embarrassing that "Next Gen Stacey" only has 100.
makes for a sleepy day. Got flirted with today wearing my hat lol.
Just cracked 100 followers! Thank you for all your support!
I am responsible for my own life.
We're getting close to the season finale, so you don't want to miss tonight's #AroundTheCornerWithJohnMcGivern! On MPTV 10 at 7:30 pm.
lol u would say sumthing like that! Your last tweet smh
I DID NOT!
. Beautiful balloon owners is what I live for.
Later Sparano, you brought the wildcat but no playoff births
Not havin a good Night.
BEING THE WAY THAT YOU ARE IS ENOUGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I #hope Universal Pictures/Focus Features hire a great casting director, if not 50 #ShadesofGrey is going to turn into a s@%^ show.
Stop while you're behind and start getting ahead.
Tank didn't try to hit an outside pitch 500 feet to left field and look what happened.
Live the sort of life worth telling the truth about.
And thank you for the content worth sharing ;-)
Ditto! RT : Um. Where am I on this video, #Buzzcation?!
: Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
LOL. I haven't properly tapered. Though, sub-13 might not be a bad goal for me in the Beer Mile this summer.
I sure like my Glock. ;)
prediction on floor? 4400 :(
How does a country where an individual earns 5 billion (how many zeros?) in 2010 have 43 million living in poverty? Speak to me.
Enjoying some abgoosht
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward.
saw Paco tonight, too. I'm new fan. Do you know the title of the encore piece. The audience seemed familiar with it. Thanks.
just tried #BubbaChinos for the first time...Amazing!!
ah...#wipeout. You make me laugh every time!
junior. Almost done
RT : Today at 2pm EST: we have a premiere: J57 feat. & "Elite Status"
This Saturday I will be in action at Gleason's Gym for more info go to wuwonline.com
- Trust the Obamas will kick in enough to cover the costs!
I sure would love a link to yesterdays show
I make weeeiiirdd faces sometimes... i just noticed that..
SueAnn doesn't think Ryan Gossling is cute. I'm not sure she's a women now.
RT : umm apparently in St. Lucia lol. My next bday, I'm gonna wish to be like you when I grow up :)// lol Guh hush!!
It is decided...baking cupcakes is THE new rock n' roll.
At the Roundball Shootout banquet. Honoring the best SR hoopers in clark county. Home of the 4A and 3A girls state champs!
What is our business? Talk to 1 customer every day this week. Ask how they see your company, what they think of it & what they want from it.
you try not to hurt me but when i'm done with you i end up hurting you !
need a training partner
'The Motto' just came on, its definitely a sign! Ha
Tuttle camera finally has the lens I've been waiting for. Now to come up with the money
Again, I am a bear, so I am glad to see the unjustified run up in the markets corrected. It is nasty, but needed.
Enjoy the beautiful day! RT : You're welcome! Your support is appreciated!
I wish I could go to college and major in basketball 👌
We're thrilled to be working with you as well! Thank you so much!
What? Hey now, I'd like to as well.
I'm using it to record double bass. I love using it on low strings
ah god times :) no slurpin some soup! (Try saying that ten times really fast)
Nathan threw a high fastball out of the zone and Ibanez chased. Must have thought he was gonna try and sneak by a meatball to get ahead
Niggas always asking "we can we chill?"... "When can you come over" NO NIGGA when are you taking ME OUT! is the question!
is it somehow uncouth to call Chen a ninja? Guess so. Great show tonight.
Give urself the gift of good health. Plan time to exercise and make it a priority. Eating a healthy diet is key! Think lifestyle change.
lol uh nothinnnnnggggs wrong with it .
My kitty is driving me nuts!!! >:-o
Joborworker.com. Only $25 for 30day job posting (one states, 3 industries)! Please e-mail us for discount and promo offers for new cleints!
Are you ready for a Republican takeover of the State Senate? With your vote this #Nov8 we can make that happen.
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability.
Some drunk idiot just fell into the Riverwalk! Haha Classic.
for others it's to measure self worth and feel wanted.Sex is healthy and natural.
tell her I love her too... hopefully see yall soon
thanks for the follow.
ughh WHY ME
congratulations to the 40/40 winners. I'm going to qualify someday for maybe 90/90.
Count-down to vacation has begun...
Ricky Ross, lets get it
look up "Payphone"
Don't play me out.
And you will still be FINE as all get out!
Totes listening to Hey Mama by all day
RT : Good night all!
Wishing everyone a safe and productive #ISCW10! If you're going, please stop by booth 21123 to say hello and to see what's new at Bold.
'Cause I'm pretty sure I'd be curled up in a ball in the corner if I needed to figure out a way to pay back $100k+ in loans.
I DO LOVE YOU.<3
I think D is the best!!!
Dude fuck facebook.
Closing one eye to see straight
ABOUT TO GET UPDATED ON BOOSIE BOO TRIAL IN ABOUT 20 MINUTES #HOMEBOUNDTODAY:-) :-) :-)
that's by point just help some of us that are trying to help ourselves that's all I'm saying
I barely tell twitter goodnight anymore so goodnight twittertwat.
Warmera Snood Beanie Mask Bandana (Ski Snowboard Bike Golf ...
back at UCF. had a good Thanksgiving break.
What's it called?
vas a tea ajar de pie?
Dorothy Parkerhouse Rolls
dodgers manage to simply keep on winning even with a weak lineup
thanks, mom!
i made it work!:)
One day I will achieve the philosophy.... so much inbox anxiety right now!
The speech was PERFECT! Pass it NOW!
Orioles To Name Dan Duquette GM
#3WordsForYou Choke. On. Dick.
": Never fuck w/ someone who is still fucking w/ their ex. Fucking, talking to, etc."
True, as high as the percentage of those who are broke shortly thereafter.
WHERE DID YOU FIND THIS!?! Is there a video!?!
on sunday (: . i think oo
Pretty Train Wrecks are the new Hot Mess.
blown away by great meal, great music, & great ppl to share it all with kaleidhaphonic
I know right! It is gorgeous!
Tomorrow I'll be at the #ArchivesBazaar organized by
OOOOOBBER BORED RIGHT NOW!!!!
Jazz festers and empty nesters, if yall r in N.O. for the wkend, please stop by and check out my sweet exhibit "Pecan Candy."
If you hear an owl in the night,your friend will die.Okie so Im gonna accep the fact that Marina and Doris will die o.O
I like your picture your hair is awesome :)
its my birthday in 8 days wish me happy early birthday please?(:
I have to see that flick. now i'm curious.
No one I know goes to Mexico to drink the water anyway. Only in country music!!
Mapping slums in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso today with , #highway=madness.
none of them... The standards for HOF have become scary low
When people always want shit from me but never do anything for me <
Thank You!! Love you too <3
Headed into the office for what I hope is an extremely productive writing day. The heavens were open yesterday. Do it again, Dear Lord? Yes?
Why are people giving Joe a hard time about predicting a Giants win?? You should have heard when he said SF is a city full of fudge-packers.
Fulfillment doesn't come with accomplishment, but with effort. Full effort is full victory.
Thanks for including us in your paper.li!
Reminder Billy Anne Crews tonight acoustic lounge @ 10.30pm!
greetings!!!! Just saw your tweets!!
Go blow yourself up child !!!
This damn game is stressful!!! Let's go saints... Get it done!
The SF Public Library does not carry Brandon Tartikoff's memoir "The Last Great Ride." You fail me, San Francisco.
Who came out to our #SpringAuditions? It's always exciting to see all the talent that's out there!
Sweet! Where abouts?
And a great ring it is!
that was about it.
that's why you finished my food for me, right?
I need to go to the ymca!!!!
Oh that look like whats her name
It was so good.
Thanks for the love!
Funniest man alive
working and at the shop!!! what about you we are having thanksgivig unk raymond house see u thr
Don't forget to write. RT : With the entertainment I can find from my couch, with mlb, netflix, nfl rewind, I could disappear.
Line brawl to end the 6 to 3 shalacking of the #Pens from the #Flyers complete with a coach shouting match.
I hate seeing homeless guys holding a poor dog :(
Gonna have a hard time trying to sleep tonight.. :/
Happy Birthday to and to Tim McGraw!!!
Waiting for that plane to land so my sweet husband will be on the ground..
hey can you help me get to follow me if he would i would be so thankful thanks
shit... are you joking? I don't even have my walking boots! FUCK..
I care very much about that sort of thing. Filner needs to show his plan. Otherwise, you have to call bullshirt.
Did you know that instant coffee accounts for 13% of all coffee drunk. Really?...ick.
Annual Membership Meeting TUESDAY at 6 p.m. RSVP at 242-0737.
Happy Halloween
Turn yo face to a pussy hole , turn my bullets to dicks and im makin love to yo shit .
12/29/2010 Don't Say Your Company is Motivated and Other Business Blog Tips MarketingVOX
I wish I could ride a skateboard like a boss. Oh well. Kick push glide works on flat surfaces. Maybe I need to get my butt back on my
Out of school at 12;30 because of a power outage, lml. Now we could be in a tornado warning at anytime, fml.
Heading over to Harpoon fest right now, hopefully it doesn't rain!
Linux cert here I come!
LOL That tweet was meant to be more comical than your reaction. I am a big fan of the show, I was only kidding.
this week better go by supaaa fast!
Justin Jerry Drew Bieber
if only all superstars could be as humble as Kevin Durant!
What would Screech do?
Don't get an attitude with me because I asked you to kill the spider. It took like two seconds.
I want sum
About to see Jacob for the first time in 12 days ashdisjdg :)
btw -- #DropBox still has features that trump #GDrive. For example, its superior re. handling mime types and context menus for resource URLs
Agree that HR should own ee but should team up with marketing for messaging & delivery
excited to be working in such good company.
(that being re Clarke's, and thus betraying how seldom I log into the twitters)
Suck my cockiness lick my puursuasion ;)
I over slept from the trip. :-)I heard the new Justin beaver song. :-)
Easier to say that everything is fine, than to explain why it is so bad
I gave mine away. Meant nothing to me after he left. MT : Fans split on Rays Crawford jersey.
"Analysis: Women pivotal in campaign 2012" is an actual headline online at CNN. Spoiler alert: 70 million female votes might be big!
My #memoir is done, now looking for an agent for it. Yea!
its a damn shame I can't manage to do that crap myself anymore...but I didn't lie lol
Swag, swag.
Please follow me? :)
drinking..and writing..how u?
Last minute French event hosted by Laura!
"Take risks. You are a lot better off being scared than being bored." ~ Words to live by via
At home chillin being bothered by Julie Gowdy on my day off thanks again
RT the strawberries are really good
making brownies!!
for ME, and for my pockets, and for my skin type! I hope whatever you choose to do helps!
Don't spread that around, or the pharmaceutical industry will collapse!
Alex here - somebody sincerely chmod 600'd our server which is causing a ton of problems with permissions. Bear with us. We're working....
TRB-VI What year did TRB switch from years to Roman numerals? send your answer to good luck!
Focused day: Got 2 new DVDs about transition game & a 1-1-3 zone I wanna study, + a John Calipari audio book on my iPhone while out & about.
awe I'm gonna miss you:/
i wanna hit 200 followers son. #teamfollowback swagg. ;D
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine that's wayy to hard to pick
aw thanku sister
im a girl :) this is a fan page !
My pleasure!
#MIXTAPE #1 is selling out at comic shops! Seriously -- Forbidden Planet NYC is all out of copies! Hurry if you want yours!
I finally got to see Alanis on Dancing With The Stars she was amazing! I'm so glad she's back with a new CD hurry up August. <3
Looking forward to the St. Patty's Day race tomorrow morning!
yeuupp(: i even made my friends vote(;
honey.. i'm completely serious when i say my house is open to you!!
It's a beautiful morning, a beautiful life. And is my beautiful wife. Bahaha.
Good morning, everyone!
Goodnight twitter.
You know what I hate? That red or what ever color bandanna hanging out of your back pocket.
Thanks for the kind RT! Cheers!
a great disturbance in the force, I sense, young Shoewalker
Someone should get me a Victoria secret gift card because I need to go there asap
nice! Dexter is the man!!!
Shutting Portland Down Tonight.
We all ugly mothafuckas.
Officially closing on our house on Friday!!!!
already at the NCAA level. Currently in the discovery stage. Arrington et al v. NCAA. More on my site.
It's supposed to hit 60 degrees today at around 2 pm....lets break out the swimsuits!!!
Finally watched Blue Valentine. What an uplifting little film. We especially liked how clearly they address why he started drinking.
Vegetarian Diet – Vegetable Based Diet That Helps You Lose ...
u cant stop kobe lebrons too soft lol
For the next 2 hours swing by Pig and Block Charcuterie and get the deal shown here: 15% off
He made ALL the plays for them since...
VRA guru Gretchen Wagner is also out there talking to folks. We have resources…
ONLY HAVE ONE CHICK THAT KEPT IT REAL WITH ME SINCE DAY ONE...THATS KITA BROWNFIELD
@ ~ Good morning & thanks for the very kind mentions yesterday! Biscuits all around!
Those people were , , and (whose net vocabulary is rather precisely focused)
Just walked into a porta potty after
Welcome & thanks It's always a pleasure to get more viewpoints.
I just got the email about it from your bday too. Very cool! cc:
12 of the 15 songs for #HopesAndDreamsVol2 are DONE!!
LOVE is the only way.
Big discussion today: does the dollar sign have one or two vertical dashes?
I love the grind!
Ears ringing from spirited show. Spending lots of time lately--a good thing indeed.
NYC. We're about tong into production for our next series. Stay tuned :)
They have the best chicken bruschetta. Ever.
Find our missing has me thinking
Ted Curtis, professor of sports mgmt, Lynn University, Boca Raton, FL.
Oregon adoption advocates are hosting a fun, free and informational family event at Lloyd Center on Saturday from 11a-3p....
#BackInTheDay people useta whoop they kids hell a time out was when you tore a switch off the tree or when they was getting a belt
Unheard of things at Walmart, that looks cute
i dont understand that similar to you thing either, why would i want to follow people that forget to tweet for months at a time?
Nothing rivals a bubble bath after a long day
RT & if you haven't tried our Revolutionary Red, it's our happy hour wine tonight! $3 glasses until 6:30!
Griffey wasn't on TV nightly like Harper. Dave Niehaus painted radio pictures which led me to drive 3 hrs to Kingdome to see
Let It Hurt!
Daily GTKY question: What do you truly think of Monday’s?
Steak for dinner...yeah buddy
Tight ass game -_-
Team Skype will be Partridge Family to your Brady Bunch! On bus:Me, Gordon Korman Bryan Chick
Realx w/ a red? RT : 11.5 hours later, I'm getting the *bleep* out of here! Happy Friday night!
did yu get to see him at all??
Cast members like audience reaction during the show. It helps them gauge how well they are playing their character
which requires the driver to completely stop before proceeding & makes it lot more safer when turning. con't
Are ya following these artists
where do yall be getting these random photos of mb? i want to find them....
Follow the YOLO brick road
Woke up just fine :)
Who needs coffee when there's a DJ?? Bring your dancing shoes!
.29 is the number to beat!!
Thanks Mo! You were one of our filmmakers last year, correct? We're looking for more good stuff this year as well!
Looks bad ass. I'm getting an ultra-wide before fisheye though.
for the record, in my dream chose the restaurant!
Dear chocolate commercials, no one eats chocolate in slow motion with their eyes closed. Sincerely, normal people."
Cuban sandwiches, Cuban coffee, my , my southern family, beach bumming it, sunshine. A few of the things I look forward to in
figures Pacers blow out Cleveland, Sixers lose again to a non playoff team at home but are still above Pacers lol
I know you like coffee follow me for opening dates you wont be dissappointed
Where's everyone att? Chilling at warped alone >.>
Are you Turkish?
Phew. Done with taxes!
I Cant Believe Tommorrow The Last Day Of School.
Damn right lets go #Giants! Thanks for the #ff!
I don't think it's necessary to send a retweet for a person who's just cleaning his room... it's stupid, isn't.
What about "skadoosh" instead?
I've let people get to my head, pulling me away from my goals in life...Time to get back on track!
I cooked taco meat
#1 sign you're an entrepreneur: the janitor tells you to go home.
Like shut up, you don't know what love is.
hectic day, but the LORD saw me through it!
anyone specialise in Employment law local to Newark?
For my Bengals followers. I have an Inaugural Game Panoramic Framed-September 10, 2000. Let me know if your interested. I have 4, brand new
Our first contest is happening soon! Get ready!
I need help. Should I watch Rangers vs Capitals or Dancing with the Stars?
Five delicious tacos for 350 Pesos. I'm gonna get 5 more.
Flynn signed with Seattle.
still got some homework i could be doing but i think i can wait.
Thanks for the RT!
its new. you gotta listen to it, its so good !
Only 364 more days til hockey season, gotta toughen up!
cant believe how fast five years went zah bday is tomorrow and its just amazing
I know! It drives me crazy & I'm not even in the classroom anymore. Couldn't stand it if I were.
"No Chips for Salsa" is the name of my new rap album and it's a bunch of goddamn bullshit.
#Innovation in #education: Finding difference btw illustrating & enchanting. TKU Anne Thulson, Denver's Odyssey Scnool
I disagree!
#ThatDontMix damn one of the best in voices . Whitney #will be missed
: Thanks for the RT. Appreciate the support.
At for joaquins graduation dinner
This story is 10 days old...
girl your
I'm so used to it it's ridiculous.
listening to Owl City remake by this girl back from 2009. Sounds amazing!
ha! I love hearing it from two perspectives! Cf
I think my new motto is going to be "Put some Shea Butter on it" a la My Big Fat Greek Wedding ;)
Just chilling by my pool!
we can talk about it instead lol
JJ Abrams' birthday party today will be taking place in an alternate reality which keeps his creatures from taking over our dimension.
Kettlebell Fifteen Chest and Abs shoot went really well! Excited to get it online.
Easterly Wind gusts the next 30 minutes over 35 to 45 mph in the eastern Metro from St.Paul to the Wisconsin border-lighter winds after 5pm
what u geting on today
SAME HERE :) and it feels wonderful
Question: How may of you "west siders" would attend a Coffee Education and Tasting class if we were to host one in Delafield?
if pretty girl deserves to go to a ball
they normally announce when single game tickets go on sale I've done it for years
is probably my biggest insparation because even though people were hating on her she kept going(: and i love her for that <3
omgosh hi! no no no but thiis is! thank you so much. #sosweet RT just thought you should know-you're amazing(:
Anyone have moving company recommendations? Milwaukee to Chicagoland Area.
Titanic 3D was phenomenal, as expected.
Your first show was amazing! Greatness Kathy! My husband was also admiring your beautiful red dress. Bravo!
Huge compliment from my CDC professor "Danielle the hardship you've endured is showing in your grade, your going to make a great counselor."
correct yourself you dont know me
I be saying the same thing
I think they're the Highlanders.
Let us know on the next #LunchLine how you liked #HungerGames. May the odds ever be in your favor!
I love
Dealin wit a childish grown up...
why u gotta lie tho? to make urself look good even tho ur a lame... oh i get that! stupid bitch...
RT : has just followed and you should too.... [tyvm!]
dude. lunchables? come on man.
On my way to
I've never listened to a lot of Morrissey surprisingly. I checked it out and I like it :)
Save the Date! National Outreach Project coming to Boston, MA 3/25-26!
you're the bomb!!!!! are you psyched for our music video coming out this thursday?
Last practice tonight.
When you get a thing the way you want it, leave it alone.
Put random letters into their kids names.
I was going to ask you to bring me one... LOL
Can someone tell Sanjay Manjeykar to kindly F*** off!!!
I'm really excited about the Podcast. Hopefully the longer format will actually give and I time to be funny and informative.
ugh everytime im abt to text you, i get nervous and tales me abt half an hr jst to do it! -.-
The countdown has begun! My journey starts today. Wish me #luck!
is back in the USA
how bout this its neither of us so we need to stop acting like 2yr olds.
Hate it when I bring yogurt but forget a spoon. I'm actually thinking about trying to use this straw rather than walk 6 floors to the cafe.
Did your "scull & mule" tatoo guy have a scull/boat or skull/boney head? If boat, OK. If not, maybe more spellcheck & less graphics
Harry Birthday!!!
OK. I take it back. I like Instagram.
The difference between Christmas and 4/20? We don't get presents every single day of the year...
I guess everyone has 2 give blood work 2day...i'll be glad when this is over so I can go take a Nap until ma ultrasound appt @ 330
Happy weekend!! RT : And scene: S&P downgrades US to AA+, Outlook negative
Time to lay it down for the night...work week begins tomorrow!
I expected Lakers to go to Pau & Bynum from the rip... but I guess they enjoy doing things the hard way...
I'm sorry, but I lost password to my account -,-
@ macalester college graduation. Student cartwheeled across stage and knocked microphone down.
B-Utiful day in CHI!! Unlocked Great Outdoor Badge (about time) on run 2day Off 2 4
History does repeat itself. Now, sadly, we're headed back to the 1950s.
btw I'll be seriously impressed if you remember who I was researching when I stayed with you @ pts :-)
I think Imma Let Her Go <'3
Perhaps there is some underlying issue Bo Ryan doesn't want to air in public, Stan Van Gundy-style. Still, should've just taken high road
whent swimming with sam today plaed with the little kid across the street then he left cuz he got bored of me now how dose that work
Can't believe what I just saw. Two lanes on H1 blocked at high noon just to fill a pothole! Traffic backed up miles!!
dressed Morgan up like a dead ballerina and handed out candy to all the kids, it was a lot of fun....
these look amazing
glad you both are tuning in!
Suspend him.
THANK YOU! THATS WHAT I TRIED TELLING EVERYONE -__-
Looking forward to dressing fancy and pretending to be new internet money with on tuesday.
well I am in the humanities, so perhaps Granny is onto something...hm...
what it di
tried to reach out. Glove is bigger than hand though. I was down rf line. They were down lf. You could hear the screams tho.
WildCats play in the NCAA D-I Sweet Sixteen today. Wish them luck!
I love the energy of having the world's best DJs in Miami. Can't wait to be there next year!
For some great low-budget filmmaking tips check out Dinocroc vs. Supergator commentary track. May sound funny but it has great information!
he's friendly and loves women. Good deal for me.
haven't followed it closely but worried that wear there is smoke there is usually a fire
Upon analysis, there are way more philosophical overlaps between Jose Canseco and Slavoj Zizek than anyone should be comfortable with.
i actually don't disagree with her doe, they always had great attitude and always in a good mood 😁✌
such a great cause! I really want to help support this. Please let me know what I can do to help!! /via
Keep smiling...: )
it was disgusting when asked callers to theorize on who might have killed breitbart. simply disgusting.
I don't want to go to school!ima be a drop out lmfaooo :/
pretty is shyt ;)
Well since I can't sleep, might as well get some hw done.
Thank you, I think it will be years before that happens. ;)
I could see Wesley playing back-up two and Ari playing that "stretch four" role.
Pinnacle Airlines to furlough 450 pilots
I don't remember shit when I'm half asleep, I feel like it was part of my dream.
Was digging SLEEPWALK WITH ME as it stayed with Birbiglia's long form set but the second it moved past that material is when I fell in love
They hang banners for CIF runner-up seasons at the
and pub crawl!
ARE YOU SERIOUS???? thrown out at the plate. dumb move to run. going to inning 17. c'mon red sox!!
Absolutely not RT : Follow-up to last ?: Do you think SM is *still* seen as something only for young people?
You guys anger me so much. I asked you at roblox rally and you say Telamons box will open soon. ITS BEEN 3-5 months!!!U lied :(
.....We were too damn young to know any better.
And 'The Princess Bride' would be a lot more confusing.
Milw restaurant serving steak chili?
Ah, rejection! It's going to be a long week.
girl you don't have to tell me 😉
Aw man!!! Do it tomorrow! Lol.
Relaxing (by which I mean studying wine and going to Aria) after a crazy weekend acting as GM while the real GM was at home with a fever.
Things arent free in life, but sometimes the only payment is your pride. Dont be so full of yourself, take a risk, n ask for somethin
GOOD LUCK AMC (:
RT If you live in , show some ♥ for ! They've got the 411 on the #EAV beat.
Developing a CV economy where making quality peer review comments count as scholarship
I haven't yet seen a a place where seligman looks comfortable. Schumer and Richards look happy to be there.
just finished all 5 parts of Wool. LOVED IT! Cannot wait to hear about Silo 40... Thank you!
good luck
As an #Aries you will fall in love only with those who are stronger than yourself.
Hey Red Line driver, was there a good reason to lean on your horn the entire way thtiught the station, or are you just a jerk?
If it does, we should browse the website in detail and order the required products
Joe was all excited when we started talking about recess appointments. He thought he was going to get to play some kickball. He's a trip!!!
Glad to see The Giants won. Anyone but the Patriots so I'm happy!
Rain? Snow? #HappyHalloween (almost!)
#foodlabdr this evening I met very interesting: social impact investors, social entrepreneurs etc also met fellow Haitian form REBO and CRS
substitute car for that bitch
We share in the faint glimpse of an incandescent dream glazed by purple & red.
Thank you very much....
#mileycyrus adopts puppy left in a box outside a walmart! good for you girl! you just got a ton of cool points:)
east and west Africa
RT I'm not 1 to complain either. Just trying to help u out. I do IT work 4 a living. <-- #Clear customers have 2 help each other!
click the registration form. Price without air is $3195.
It's always kinda funny when the killing songs come so much easier than the live songs
yes I know very lost lol
Well, the year is already going great! It was like 55 degrees out today. but it was raining. can't get a good thing without a bad thing. :)
hahah prob about 6-7 yeah for Wednesday. 28th. You know it. Turning into a minor league junkie
Your a tough kid never give up hope.
Oh yes! RT : Getting my chest tatted today. Then rockin #Electik with !!
Don't let us pessimist Dolfans bring ya down RT : Don't worry Chee, Poe is going to be a bigger bust than Tannehill
This is unbelievable. 3-point game with 1:47 left.
Final flight
I'm just impressed that this account exists. At least I didn't call him Jon Daily. . .
wake up blanco!!!!
I already do haha (:
Live, Love and Laugh :-)
Congrats to UK Wildcats! NCAA men's champions.
totally kidding but I just couldn't resist
I Can't Wait To Get To The Mil
how much are they
good shit. Yea still dealing with some shit to make sure I walk got some grades that weren't on my transcript but I should be good
is so pretty! xD
THIS MAN WAS NOT BULLIED OR REJECTED BUT YET EVERYONE ACCEPTS HIM TAKING HIS LIFE
Like the Food
u gonna be in the ville anytime soon skidz!?
Great to hear! Thanks for stopping in.
The Vanity Project tees and hoodies are now available on DoGoodBuy.Us!
Turing's Cathedral is out now; have you read that? (Though may be too similar...)
Trying to figure out how suspenders work. Wacky Tacky day tomorrow(:
1st WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 3...BEARS/SEAHAWKS #TAKETHEOVER (37)...CUTLER & FORTE/HASSELBECK & HOUSH...BOTH TEAMS WILL FIND THE END ZONE!
They said it was Borquez. It was some tolle guy. He works for BCPS.
ha whatever you say...
Thanks for the mention!
Tomorrow is making me hungry.
i need them silver pumps ! >>>>
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
While most ask - Is that glass half empty or half full? The paramount question is - “Are you gonna finish that beer?”
McDonald's sausage egg and cheese sounds REAL good right now
Hello baseball season... I'm in till October!!
the game in Tampa Bay that we should be able to go to before heading to
I can see why he liked it. Knocks you out quick and you wake up from it quick.
« I am candy coated poison.»
And I'm dying to know; is it killing you like it's killing me?
“: If plan A didnt work, the alphabet has 25 more letters. Stay Cool”
The minute our praying stops,our Enemy's preying starts. John 10:10 states it VERY clearly. Its time to become prayer warriors,
I wish I could go to the lockerroom and punch the receivers in the face
1stday for The rest Of The summer Part
lol I went there today too and the first thing that came to my mind was you :)
For a minute there I thought I might try to be less judgmental. Then I got on the bus and watched a woman swig coke at 6am. Totally gross.
Luke never does get to Tashi Station for those power converters.
thanks to everyone that came out to the #doubledutch #chblockparty, hopefully they let us bring our music again, that is what makes it magic
Recent auburn alum is coming into town :) yayyy!
Celebrating the journey
#ICA Sonata for cello & piano, op.40 Dmitri Shostakovich. Jocelyn Butler is on cello & Patrick Godon on piano
hopefully you'll have better luck! I'm coming home and am just ready for my bed!
I feel comfortable.
yo we got to push it!!!!
a little late, but I had to get it in ;)
#GhettoTranslations Shit Just Got Real = A Situation Has Escalated To Its Highest Point Of Seriousness, & an altercation may advance
it's cracking now with yo Big Head ass
Good seeing you at Wrigley. You're always a class act.
What are you waiting for? Like us today and enter to win an Apple iPad 2! www.Facebook.com/PODSAlbuquerque
no other way #Bromance &
cubs suck! 1908-2012!! they can't even win a world series in the SHOW!
Roses are red, violets are blue. I have herpes now you can enjoy them too.
you know I jest about your shithead status.
ok whatever..
gonna be a rough one.
#citylife -- if you only bring one bag on the dog walk, that's when they go twice
Bunk strike zone. Hope our shit is like that too
I am so proud! Thanks...
Shell and all?
Tune into 90.5 NPR in Columbus, Ohio for Writers Talk for Columbus Creative Cooperative now!
had no idea where #Norfolk is until today....GO #Norfolk!!!
I put in an application, If I don't get the job at sleepy we should both work there!
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo expect to get a job anytime this year
Thanks for following Younger Generation and helping spread the joy of song!
Just woke up bouta go to sleep
Laying here in my bed thinkn bout my next move.
Beautiful day today. Tried to shoot hoops at scenic park by lake...until massive amount of goose crap on basketball court interfered.
Following 1991 people :)
Congrats to for winning Lunatic Luau tix today! Enter again tomorrow for another chance to win!
figured it out: got the '94 Virgin remaster, a stereo vinyl rip, and a mono mix. I only ripped the bonus disc from the new one.
I told my mom am part of another family and she said whos family? Am part of the Mahomie family since I was 14 now am 16 :)
Meeting this morning with the folks from here in Lexington. Thank you Mick Jeffries
check out those tumbleweed houses, the small house book. You could travel in style!
Dear #BBN (#BigBlueNation), u don't need car flags out EVERY window of the ol' horseless carriage! I'll hang up and listen to your answer...
Getting emotional with ;D >>>>
We're here! But we don't really know what you are talking about :-)
...One for you. One for your Valentine. One for the visit. One for your Valentine. One for the drive home. One for...
Faith is only effective when placed in someone ever faithful and unchanging, and only one meets this criteria - God.
Sober Transitional Living for recovering from drug and alcohol addiction, for those leaving rehab or those wanting to get sober for men
___ your gonna loose it
all of them
Poynter's Iron Pit Gym. 924 Commercial Drive/ #Richmond,KY come by and see us, your 1st visit is free.
Written In The Stars playing at the Super Bowl? What is this, October? PS, I'm expecting news on Braun to drop in about 20 minutes
decent win at the isles nlhe and omaha cash games, lost the plo8 tourny today
all dancers should have training in ballet if they want to be above and beyond excellent
Ahmed Kouaou and Danny Braün spent two weeks documenting life in Shatila, a Palestinian refugee camp in Beirut
I bet West Bend Mutual Insurance loves that
Happy day to you! Who knew motherhood could be such a blessing?
Of course. I'll look and buy u one..
given up on life? Want a city as gloomy as you?
| Thanks for the follow Chad! Cheers!
he doesn't care he want's to destroy the USA that's hes goal he hates the USA
Lexi's going to live. Arn't you so happy!? She just had some extra blood around her head *i think* so the docters (c)
:-( RT : Craig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, "I have no plans to play."
Bahaha. That is really funny. ;) M, I'll tell you the story later.
OMG Thank you so much! Well.. I wish the pic was for real.
fog honestly scares the shit out of me. I don't even know why.
I ain't never got burnt
Note to self: in the future, I should not tell my opponents exactly what I think they have in the middle of a hand.who r u dan n?
. this cannot be true. I don't believe it. This is refreshing though!
When I go to that stadium, I imagine it will be like when Rudy's Dad sees Notre Dame in the movie Rudy. Go Cowboys!!
great ride !
Do you realize the company it's in with the other Best Picture winners?
Oh, another run walked in! Yankees might be in this game yet...
The smallest adult waist in the world...Cathie Jung from the USA, it is a tiny 21 inches in diameter … roughly the same as a roast chicken!
What can you do with an old book jacket? LOTS of old book jackets?
excellent, I've been looking for some good oral advice.
Thanks! Got any more questions for us?
da otha person i give candy too
Mayweather just lost my support by having Justin Beiber's gay ass accompany him to the ring.
instead of lol i put without looking love :)
I just tripped on a shoe and fell down the stairs. I dropped the people's elbow on the way down, didn't think that would come in handy..
me too bro
Austin, a quick lesson for you, youngster: You can never go wrong with a good STEAK!“: Hungry....but don't know what to eat?”
found a signed Japanese print for $10 @ garage sale 2day. It's on ebay for $150!
Want a 50 states map to work with on Geocommons? Just search "US States-TIGER/Line Shapefile, 2010" Can also convert to kml!
Director's Cut of BLADE RUNNER.
Bar in Boston or ride at Disney: Miracle of science?
DEAD boiled and seasoned to perfection yeah buddy!!
Mother's Day is Sunday May 13th however is celebrating 11th & 12th as well w/ a complimentary dessert w/purchase of an entree
Dear dad- if men are judged by the sizes of there shoes, why don't they sell padded shoes like they sell padded bras?
you guys are making me hungry!
sleeping over is a big step in the relationship. maybe too big... no?
what's going on tonight bro
Mocking people in a voice they don't even have...
Erotic city tonight!
Was waiting on a wreck on NY St. I'll have to work later to make up my hour lost.
thats because everyone needs a history lesson to understand. Stop trying to put bubble gum wrapper answers on complex issues.
That Seattle resident gets a pass but ONLY because he had a Patriot's sticker too.
Not sure if that tweet was dedicated to me or not. Fight your own battles biatch.
Feeling limited by legacy storage? Raidundant's #SkySAN was developed w/out expansion limits & allows clients to grow at their own pace.
Thank you for coming to see us!
I am being tortured #PDX #OREGON civil rights complaint filed #technology <Belinda Jackson>
Wearing a preppy outfit and going to church!
Youre an incredible person!
« And I got my legs up on his shoulder. . .».. ..ayyeee
badger care plus | The States Insurance
No wonder I failed Spanish. all I learned is how to say "pretty"& "pants" ya know incase I ever need to tell someone they have pretty pants.
I love pouring that last bowl from a box of cereal...20 flakes, crumbs and a few spoonfuls of pure sugar goodness.
#IfIWorkedInThePawnShop I'd have pink floyd playing on all the speakers!!!!
Wall is ballin with 6 assists already
hey lady-do you have an email I can send you something at?
Here's what I'd do. Search by location. You'll get a list of stations. Then sort by report time. Then decide which works for you
my birthday is on the 12th of june u? Followed bck!
way too many! Something's gotta change here!
Ha! Good. I'm having manual dexterity issues today. :)
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a picture too.
Sounds good..:) from scratch?
is excited to be presenting at the Georgetown McDonough School of Business Human Capital Leadership Club today
Klokikon massacre... brilliant
Time to get that workout in!! Don't be lazy!!!
Were slow grindin
BEST NIGHT EVER!
All 5 members are can anyone guess who mystery man is?
I'm back. Been fighting MRSA- a serious form of Staph. Also contracted Listeria- NOT FUN!!!... Continued next tweet
Also, I'm down as well.
At the Basement Nashville,TN for the Tommy Womack Now What CD release show
#archives The UMass Boston-FUEL Compact At FUEL, we aim to make college attendance a reality for qualified low-income and minority studen
Ahoy! We can't wait!
The NFL Draft Has Eaten The World [Video]
hell yeah! Let's dance our asses off!
With this warm weather, I can't wait to go to the beach..
"Oh he's damn foxy"
Actually, I'd say it is quite American.
This is disturbing
Speaking of "bolted on", how many single-purpose apps is your business using?
Thanks for the follow Jason. I get motivated whenever I see a company like Instagram get acquired. Im a fan and use it often.
I rest in bed with the closet opened occasionally, hoping that the bogeyman would just come out & lay with me.
He had the red one at mine too!! Lol I started bass before I became obsessed but he made me love it even more.
#icanttakeyouseriously if u cant tell me wat u relly wont
Now, your 2012 #COMmencement student speakers: will represent the undergrads, and will be the speaker!
Christy Turlington's Twitter background is a collage of pictures of herself. Shocker. Celebrity culture is what needs to be aborted.
just can't quit you.
just made it up..haha
One day of doubt will create 365 days of pain..God hates complainers and his only concern is your FAITH.
Perfect! DB told me to stop with the overuse of Baudrillard ;) I'm nabbing this book.
When I first heard of the Hunger Games, I thought it had to do with food.
This one inspired me today: "It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer." ~ Albert Einstein
What a gorgeous day, perfect patio weather in
Man am I tired today. We're dog sitting for my sister-in-law and the dog kept me up since before 4:00am.
Have lived in Colorado over 30 yrs, just now really seeing things in the West. Hope to see them all.
been well my man! You know the deal, staying busy... Don't know how not to. What about you?
is anyone else excited about the new xmen movie
is snapping tonight. Would hate to be whoever she's talking about.
Atta baby Braves
lmao......you are so damn funny...pure in 2012
Over 35 yrs exp ideationEDGE can guide your strategy development, educating you on strategic principles on key elements of a great strategy.
so... i want to "like" this.. lol
And if you need help or just want to chat, head on over to our Apple TV Forum!
Clean Jobs: Silver Lining in San Diego’s Economic Cloud? Media event Thurs, Mar. 10, 12 – 2 p.m. DPR Construction, 5010 Shoreham Place 92122
Wow the brewers are made of glass
our pleasure
Yep, it works in all three main browsers.
"VROOM!!!!"#NascarFans! The BIG car haulers are in #Walmart parking lot in Hamburg w/ parade through #DowntownLex! Send us Pic of Fav!
CU will upset Georgia today!
Texas missed you ;D
o wait! Lol I get it. You think they are rude.... its sometimes true. But I still love them
I wanna be the very best that no one ever was.
: I lie in wait. Happy Friday!!!!
studying for my private pilot oral exam and checkride. bah.
together forever! ❤
Interesting tweet feeds I get searching "Murder at the Met". Today, a tweet abt Socrates murdering a wolf he met...wait, what?
My grandma talks to babies she sees in the store.. crazy lady.
you're funny. And fwiw, I love the show.
dude thanks! Hope you like it! It'll be available in a couple days. Keep checking back! Also, are you interested in discounts?
Reading books, and having a pretend book club with my cousin is the only thing that keeps us in contact-how sad is that?
100 Tweet benchmark .... I luv you guys!
Thanks for noticeing us. You've got some great quotes on the page, and good advice.
:) I've been trying to go since 2010, but have been thwarted every year. Hopefully 2013 is the charm ha!
this describes me full on 👍👌
Closed on one and found a great #coastal potential.
#pretty girl life
Thank you gin for existing.
I just got back from walking my dog without a jacket........in February........in Indiana.
Leadership:Having courage to say what needs to be said publicly; taking responsibility to ensure a constructive dialogue, to move forward.
Ha! I'll bring extra next week! RT : we miss you too! Bill just said "do theres really no food today??"
---- Go into a 24-hour at 230am, now THAT'S an interesting time.
Nail shop
Oyster Hour, Baltimore's Favorite Happy Hour, is in T-40 Mins! Be Bold, Drop in for $4 Wines, $1 Oysters, $3 Drafts & $5 HH Small Plates!
Yesterday was a productive day of shooting with ballet dancer, Christine Fisler. A big thank you to Christine and the crew
WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU MICHAEL!!!
#gobbleoff is happening now!
Good bye mailman, good bye Avon lady, good bye Jehovah's Witnesses....
is it going to be like full contact 7s?
Liking me for me and liking me liking you are like, two totally different things.
On this date: In 1012, Pope Sergius IV died, ending a nearly three-year papacy; he was succeeded by Pope Benedict VI.
Thank you! RT : yo sorry I had to run to get my tux for an event tomorrow.. killed it at Kiss 97.3! Thanks bro!
Taylor I <3 u i swear # 1 fan :D but i dont scream shout and pounce (much more friendly) plz follow i have a few questions...
thanks Teddy, we appreciate it!
Just finished watching the smurf movie. I smurfed it.
We will also accept cash, checks and credit cards tonight for your tickets and auction purchases at the Youth Football Fundraiser.
Good friends, good vibes, good night. <3
i like it when valentine's falls on a Sunday...
The new is up w/ ! Listen to it and here us and get a mention!! Also our buddy Geof gets a mention!
Black Mamba comes out tonite
My motha fucking doctor said I need a doctor so I called house n now I'm a pill poppa
I found out as u get older u c through men bullshit everytime they talk, OOPs there goes another one talk ,
Ah too bad, I was with the other night here, didn't know you had done a track together!
Thanks Nicole! RT yes!! I use all the time at work...such a great resource! Nice to know they are on Twitter
Ok greensboro, to get the blood flowing we have a special today only...http;//tabgso.com/models
Rain is good sleeping weather. I think thats what I will do.
lol, as good as it gets! Thanks for the +k's
Wish she was here
Please get cushier seats!
So what go down?
Thanks to you too. Yes, I do make docs!
Sitting on the patio Surprised how many people smoke.
I knoww :3 They are kick butt!
Of course. <3
Holy crap, Lion tmo… I have been waiting for this forever… too bad I have to go to the dentist in the morning…
do it! I'll be at the concert! She can come party.
What happened to the translate button??
Going to sleep right n
the food and shopping
you know i ride or die for that cherry and skrawberry
Love the April Fools creativity + humor. Can we do this every day?
First time in over a year of swimming at my gym that I've left early because of an asshole in the pool :(
I miss you! My hair has been 3 different colors since the last time I saw you. That's how you know it's been a long time!
hell yea dat freestyle set da cd off
thanks for the great feedback and suggestions today! :) cc:
Thanks for the tweet! Correction though, from 8-10 not 10-1. (just curious how'd you find out about us?)
It is hot outside!
Looking for #flowers? Give us a call (414.475.7080) or stop in (70th and North), and we'll take care of all the details!
haha. Nothing like fight night...
and i just got piles and piles of coal plz dont fite wit peace peace is peaceful
One's jewels are only as safe as the defense around them.
My kids can't get enough of Lunch Lady
Just realized I did that! It'll get fixed ASAP.
#LockedUpLovers let's hear it!
I had to tell my friend something that didn't really matter. lool
Please join us for a time of prayer this morning saturday 10:00am Pst (605) 475-4875 access code 578545# . God Bless You
I'm glad they got #binladen but it makes me remember all the great people that he took from us.
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants. ~Michael Pollan
I'm going to cry for so many different reasons when the Boyz are performing tonight.
That awkward moment when the girl sitting across me and is playing with her boobs o_O
Incredible turn out last night & ..We want to personally thank everyone for coming out & showing support!
Bulls gotta turn it around starting tonight. 7pm, get in here and settled before it gets outta control.
up 2 after review. #Clippers win
Who knew? Ultimate super-secret In-N-Out Burgers! (Thanks !)
I've been recently asked to work 55 hr weeks. The burn out it terrible and leaves me not wanting to do anything. I'm 26.
8 days. :D
Funny how #Avengers and opened the same week! Both epic and amazing events made in Cleveland!
follow the real bloggers: + the 42 others..
You got money.
i see a lot of little islands.
WOW! What a difference a week makes!!!
I feel good I got some time off its been soo long
Lines for the boats for the statue of liberty is a 1 hour and 30 minute wait today
galaxy kd's?
I thought about walking back in to report my car stolen, but figured it wasn't worth it. $130 later I had my car back.
ah. I grew up in Tucson, somehow ended up at ASU. Yeah--this Arpaio news just seems delicious.
I think so...
Glad I dont have those lonely nights any more
I think im going to bring back the word "FRESH". Whos with me? This is going to be fresh!
Was half paying attention to Baseball Tonight discussing Pineda injury when Ravech mentioned Bs loss. We interrupt shitty news for more.
Why Can't I post a link in my status? Tried in 3 browsers, and with shortened url. Still nothing.
We live in a society where girls will perfer making food to than go to school(:
At least I can walk on the beach here!
causing problems last night uploading live-tweets with pictures from #wherecamptb2012 but will post to blog soon. Great talks!
Andrew ran up the Empire State Building in 15 min.. 1 1/2 hour faster than I would have done it, ha!!
I hate when I get home & I can't fall back asleep.
Michael Jordan is #1 again. “: Bobcats finish with the worst winning percentage (.106) in NBA history.”
11:11 I wish we do work tomorrow!
Klusoz tonight people :-)
For you it has got to be worth it!
just wish the best for your family & hope it all works out, but in the meantime SHOTS!!! You go "Tarzan"!
hahaah, let's watch it again when i'm home..i miss u guys!
and the thrust he did...whewwwww, he killed me...im pretty sure he just got me pregnant.(; lmaooo
How can I connect with you. Where do you live. Cynthia Harris
A big thanks to all the new followers! Keep them coming please....RT this!
Finding there were new episodes of "Dance Academy" on Netflix just made my year. "In second year there are no second chances." Dun dun dunn!
I questioned that as well....what the h***!!
#schoolmemories being a loser.
I would say that that referring to a 2-yr-old piece is inadequate, but she's only slightly more relevant than Pettus now.
Moving day. Time to stock up on Therageeesic (tm).
RT : A person cannot love a plant after he has pruned it, then he has either done a poor job or is devoid of emotion. ~ Liber...
I knew it smh
For $10 more RCOYWYSAC comes with a spiders crawling on you feature.
you're so sweet for remembering. Thank you!
RT : Fun fact: An estimated $41 billion worth of gift cards went unused between 2005 and 2011.
Would love to chat sometime about our life saving efforts!
Wow, you weren't kidding. Roostblog IS gorgeous! I think I held my breath looking at the stunning photos. Thanks!
RT RT : "Teach the children so that it will not be necessary to teach the adults." -Abraham Lincoln
Lizzie you need to sharpen up on your there/their/they're s ;)
I really like him too. Sadly only one season. But he was 100% brilliant in his own way. I love Rose with 9th
oh no!! no more #uscj462?!
I love my family!! I love love love them
"What is forgiven is usually well remembered." Louis Dudek
I'm not sure Kyle Orton is an NFL caliber scapegoat.
Weird is good, by the way. ;-)
It's getting so heated on
#MayThe4thBeWithYou #BanthaMilk I love your love for the force.
Thanks to everyone who has followed us back!
ok that's more true!
Should I hit this strip club? Um...
Watching the Office. It's kinda hilarious!
Our mission as a private postsecondary school is to empower Latinos as transformational leaders to permeate, influence and transform cultur…
Marchers chanting 'Put away your riot gear I don't see no riot here!'
Lesbians should get automatic scholarships for fashion school programs so that they don't look so grizzly.
Welcome to #jmcinternships. #MU students welcome :)
Fraud tip of the day-use technology! Most are still not using technology as part of their fraud management program. Crowe can help!
Waiting for my sister to wake up to go home
I'm buying that jack Daniels tank tonight. It's perfect.
Hilton Del Mar is extremely excited to welcome the BMDCA National Specialty 2011 Event along with
Kim Reynolds jazz band really livens up Saturday brunch.
thank you for the article.
haha, well I don't get that one. :)
Any good social media editorial calendars and/or content planning tools out there?
I have a millionaire mind!
heey im not from miami lakes but i use to think that .__.
lol this is so awkward
ah but if only that saucy minx named New York would have me back...i'd love to go home!
check it out u gone find out
Hello! So you're a director, huh? :)
PDX trip was eye-opening. 1st rate public transit. Vibrant dtown biz. Rampant innovation/entrepreneurship. Can Sacramento follow suit?
Gob's not on board.
The mind is a powerful thing.Had food poisoning from eggs turkey wkd 98, tried many times but couldnt eat them, had eggs every day this week
Can someone get me more half and half for my coffee?
Be sure 2 DM ur trivia answers to us w/ur name & email address to win: What were frosty's last words?
Im starting not to care anymore which is a bad thing.
