Now a Beastie Boy is dead? Damn this week sucks for my childhood. Am I getting that old now?
sorry about that,my 11-year old advised me.
Despite rejection, plan B might actually be better for me this summer. Funny how by not working out it all works out.
How would you label your personality?
just Saturday and Sunday
“Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, and magic and power in it. Begin it now.” ~Goethe
seems like the 200s are split. How many residents in that group are there (active)?
Jets Darrelle Revis acted like such a jerk on Mike Francessa's WFAN show -- Revis couldn't hack some mild questions and hung up.
no problem, thanks as well
didn't realize we weren't following you, will add you now.
Girl on my tl cant spell .
Something is wrong about an adult rising a razor scooter downtown.
Irony is looking up when opens for brunch and finding its act has been hacked & advertising weight loss. Divine intervention?
I'm on the other campus in the library.
haha that made me laugh
😁<- that's what my face look like right now...
thanks for coming by and getting them :)
"No one has had an answer to Darren Sproles!" - THAT'S RIGHT!
So true!
Artist/Cartoonist/Film-maker Heather McAdams joins Razor 'n Die in just a minute on WLUW. Stay tuned!
I'm not ready to jump, Twan. I'm ready to start shooting.
No Spoilers! Please!
Winter’s over, summer has yet to begin, and the weather is all over the place. Never fear, hot or iced, we have your perfect espresso drink!
Anybody want to go car shopping with me?
The Artist! There's Uggie.
you already said that silly! haaha now lets go see Titanic tomorrow after chool
awesome, hope to see you there!
Trust is like a mirror, you cant fix it if its broken
my suggestion for the baby zebra is: Zola Zaney
Why the fuck did they remake footloose?!?!?
RT : had 3 great interviews for from my motherland w and keep an eye for them...
actually, found a theater in Astoria with tix still for 9pm and later. I could pick them up-it's not far from me
lol of course 😊
Not yet homegirl. I will doe
Finally a left hand persons chair.. I can write normal now
Happy to see the on Twitter. Definitely a great poet and mentor-by-example.
There ya go, get you're eat on!
Can a yung nigga get money anymore
how about a college education in prison. “: A college student costs the state $8,667 per year; a prisoner costs it $45,006 a year.
Where is the #heathaterinmiami?
Finally maybe some substantial snow coming
Theme - This can make an event a whole lot of fun! Our event planners can help you with this one
I play a lot of basketball and have never been seriously injured.
One thing you gotta admire about end-of-the-world predictors: they make verifiable, falsifiable claims.
hey sweety how are u
Tonight's presentation is about Microsoft's cloud offerings. Let's see how they compare against Amazon's.
It's really weird being in a building full of actors running scenes.... I'm just sitting around observing like I normally do.
and did this happen?
Happy Yellow + Blue Day. Everyone's bead necklaces look great.
Hu Do You Love?! www.hubigs.com
Feeling Like A Million Bucks right Now
Bryzgolov is terrible. So glad he's not in a Yotes uniform anymore! How embarrassed is he right now... SMH & Lmao!
Congratulations on the funding. We're incredibly excited to see what the future holds for you. Best of luck!
Hey Deltek - your DSM is a big fat FAIL. I shouldn't have to jump through so many hoops to upgrade installed software. BAH.
then can I have a copy?
JUST IN: Handmade burp cloth sets! Fun bold prints to choose from! Make great gifts for Mom to be.
hang with us tomorrow night!!!!
I was delighted to see the on the tele tonight.
Got a job! start tomorrow=]]
probably is`
in 5-billion years, the spirits once known as "humans" will be the size of planets, and hop-scotch across space-time.
oooooohhhhh!! I see.
You only live once, so take advantage of what you got when you have it and live with no regrets.
What has caused you to turn from Catty into Cathy?!
Does Twitter satisfy the hypothesis of the long-tail blog? Do you use Twitter because it's a light app or what?
for sure haha
#imissyoubut the person you've become disgusts me.
The turning point for excitement regarding Disneyland for my daughter: I told her MARY POPPINS was there! She's about to burst!
I love , but their sales people are way too aggressive. I wish they didn't pay them commission.
hello my dear, precious darling rebekah.
Yes, but text vs tweet. Basically I often don't bother getting it when I can just tweet / DM the person.
RT : im a Carolina fan but i still think your a great QB can i get a RT?...begging for RT is whack gamecock
That's why people won't say anything, always trying to fit in... The world is not a BOX. Trying to be Politically Correct and Still Wrong!
The cashier at target has a barcode tattooed on her neck.
No, thanks to you for wanting to join the family!
Congrats on a great career and thanks for being a great Auburn Man!
hahaha but seriously. GET IT?!
we are both pretty excited ! Her new store is amazing :)
WORK AT HOME TIP: Set clear rates. Be realistic about what your time/services are worth.
Teen Movie Night Next Month...What should we watch?
6) Be tenacious. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #7 coming in 4 hours.
yes. And let's have hookers be in our wedding party.
Found an empty Polaroid film box this morning. Very sad. Maybe I'll just buy you some film.
I'm working on an anthology at the moment, which should be out later this year. After that, it's on to the Revolutionary War...
hahahahahahahaha yes!!! & we can blast Nathan's covers the entire way there!
and who's cooler than al bundy?
Happy birthday 2PAC!!!
wow u gotta be joking!
Not sure how much sleep I got. Must adjust to eastern time.
Thank you!
...The present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life -Eckhart Tolle (The Power of Now)
Doing a lot of business and glad we are connected throught Linked In.
About to go in! W/ #GreysAnatomy than #Scandal am already shaking, intense finales by the amazing
At #savor and still Haven't peed.
You mean I'm supposed to have my thesis proposal ready in 4 1/2 weeks!?!?!???!!!
Just a thought: Tebow, Alex Smith, and Matt Moore = best battle for starting QB spot EVER.
My head hurts too much booze not enough cooze
So where does "curator" and artist" merge?
It was great to see you back in the bay! Great show last night! Travel safe. See you next month in #NOLA!
Dirty Dancing, duh!
High five to you! Thanks for giving us a try and sharing our deal :)
It didn't wrk n the past....so how about jus leaveing it there
for real
Hmm. I'll let the dev know. And thanks, we love it!
omg, draw something is actually fun!
sure, come over Saturday. LOL
Thrilled to win a #CODiE award for Xactly Incent! Best Financial Management Solution
Yes. Its my fault that we are late.Its my fault that the bus in front of us makes 20 stops. Its okay... It can be my fault. :p
Feel so drained its unreal
I told ya it was gonna be a #HottSummer, you thought I was playing lol Bru I imma be on you end in a minute..haha
Campbell's and COD at 3am!!
powers out for my friends to the west of us, but seems they can all still get on facebook
Starting up Diablo 3 Beta for the first time thanks to !
I love the dinging of the real, physical clock bells in the entryway at AAS.
Why is it good that there are female astronauts? When the crew gets lost in space, at least the woman will ask for directions.
Happy Birthday Matt. Victory Sunday would be the perfect gift.
Celebrating Dan at Jack Rose. Wishing they had ceiling fans.
Ah a few more days then done with these classes
no way, not with peyton manning as qb!
ahaa im kinda into miami heat &' lakers, butt we cool right? Lol.
Beginning my online strategy for 2012 - and I think mobile will be a big part of that.
Damn you got a lot of gay fans! Fucking queer! Just kidding man I love fags and your COLLA!
Wtf Lebron taking stupid ass shots
YES! He should have been there. We r shaking up San Diego!
After 102 episodes of 30 Rock I find myself being attracted to Alec Baldwin
if you were given $1mil but had to give it all away, who/what would you give it to?
Red & White doesn't look good on you Coach! Nice of the Reds to recognize what you and your staff, kids did this year!
I enjoy talking in 3rd person
You better be singing up there, show the angels what you've got!
The crowd is going wild!
David Beckham (if he is still considered an athlete)
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
On Location: An Octogenarian x2019;s Modernist Dream Comes to Life In Los Angeles, an octogenarian finally gets the modern home of her dr
wasn't watching but saw the highlights. The Packers are great, and the Bears are good. Anything can happen in a rivalry game
Oh poached eggs, thou art my darling. Thou art my joy both night and morning.
ur a fuckin hater. and a loser as well. yu dont know anything about college, so i suggest yu shut your mouth!!!!
White woman just told me there is no way to live a completely happy life. Damn... She just messed up my day.
m when cuz she told me she a virgin
RT : Did the really just send a (Friday night) email to "demand the truth" from DOJ? Where were you guys 4 yrs ago?...
I'm considering it man im just not sure I could dedicate as much time as I need/want to yo?
It Doesent Matter How Much Money George Clooney, And Tyler Perry Give Him. Obama Will Remain Intellectually Bankrupt!
Jerry Colangelo's10th Annual Prostate Cancer Charity Golf Tournament yesterday was amazing! Will post pics to FB G-R-N page.
Did all that, still didnt get my dam shoes
#Placemaking is grown up economic development.
It's a story collection so maybe - 140 chars per piece?
FOLLOW ! hes an AMAZING music creator! hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked!
where was the sparks performance that you missed?
I lived previously in Union City, NJ... Brooklyn (Ave. K) Manhattan on 14th Square!
Congrats to for being awarded New Music USA's Composer Assistance Grant for The Nautical Yards!!
RT : It's not time and energy that we lack, but focus and objective prioritization. Clear present awareness is curative.
Thanks ! and I are standing by to give you a personal tour. ' owners' newborn has already been swimming!
Happy Earth Day! How will you go green this year?
ding dong! Misread your tweet. Too bad you always do such a great job.
Ladies there are sum good men/bros out there still, don't rule em out!! I know some & met some..didn't believe it:)
At with and for final fashion show walk through
I wanna punch someone in the face.
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
yes! Maybe tonight??
fortunately the new Julie Otsuka novel wasn't to their taste.
not sure how motivated Donald trump would be by the $300
HIRING: Great opportunity for front-end developers (.Net, Visual Studio, C#) that have serious skills and motivation. Philly area. Ping me.
Stuck in NYC. Misses my flight. Nothing going out tonight. Headed back to the city. FML
: outpouring of support from #RVA community was key and social media helped fuel the fire
Thanks for watching!!!
your brother
"Midnight in Paris" is still being shown on 350 screens throughout the US.
Pretty stoked surpassed 100,000 followers. Well deserved.
“: I never understood the arguments anyway...nobody wins alone, everybody plays a role...” right!
Ya, I like your definition of normal stuff as well. Pretty awesome you're writing a novel!
damn fashion tips to some who doesn't need them!
i need to stop making folder called "stuff" and "sort"
I like what I see..They look GREAT..Oops I mean it looks GREAT!!
Our very own Pati Schmitt is speaking today at Bing Lounge about Compliance Challenges: New Regulations & Recurring Themes
Love to fill bowls with can't-get-enough-spoonfuls of soup? Find plenty in Planet Kitchen Table, the hot eco-cookbook.
#SOCIALITES Complimentary passes available from or or 218 W. 39th
#DearMYRTLE using Skype and Webinar interchangably to get visual and presentation both. Great idea.
Mrs. Officer...now i know who Lil Wayne was rapping about.
watching shark night!
hey, please make my life and follow me? (:
Can you please get in the Glutenator Beer? Its amazing!
RT Character and integrity are not situational. Eventually, truth comes to light. // so good!
~ Just dropping by to say Hi! Miss you, wish wecould tee it up sometime.
Surrounded by beautiful ladies at the #trendshow. knows how to throw a party!
#seattle #LA #LBLD Have nothing to do ?? Get out there and LongBoard. Never tried it ? Get at me and I'll give ya the chance !!!!
I'll see you tomorrow though :D
Thank you :)
Everybody keeps saying he did amazing when he sang All Back. I want to hear it, shit! .___
only one ;p
You're right about that!
Self-OH: "WORDS ARE TRICKY LITTLE BASTARDS. They don't like playing nice with each other."
Agree 100%. And sooner or later the #jobseeker that won't post a photo may be rejected for age. Why waste time? Be who you are.
you like Dave? Man... I like Barry
thnx “: - about to blow my site up and update. Still need to grab a beer with you. Love your #CLTbuzz content.”
Nsn concert tonight.. Life is fab :)
I told him he'd suffer the consequences, he said it's ok as long as he gets that cake. Lick the icing off first!
We are taking your ideas and suggestions as we get ready to schedule the next couple of shows. What would you like us to talk about?
CBS news has Sharon Tay doing a segment on Walter Cronkite. Just the kind of example of how good a reporter can be vs how bad one can be
NEW BLOG POST: SEC CHARGES TOBACCO COMPANIES WITH VIOLATIONS OF FCPA
Aw, no one ever wants me to trend. :(
Disappointed that the Bright Eyes show in Louisville is on a Tuesday.
that's ny though....when "journalists" and rappers party at the same clubs.
Kiss My White Butt , Word To Your Mother.
people will cut anything into there fades, saw this dude with mountain dew can cut into his fade. stupid!!!
you both are!! Lol
Good Night Alex! Sweet Dreams!
So your readers are your victims?
Nice to see you each week during
thanks for sending me that Mason / VCU promo that you did. I really liked it.
Just throwing it out there!
what periods do we have today?
Alone in a car, stuck in traffic, is where we become different people who can no longer empathize with humanity.
lmao me too, and my calves are fucking hurting like a bitch!
nah, just a bad cold.
She knows what my philosophy is. Now its the old game of two steps forward, one back.
Guys with cowboy hats have a better than average chance of winning
aw shucks. And your compliment is timely. My bday is this weekend ;)
NGL, kinda surprised that #MyFuckingBoyfriend is not trending right now, lol.
"Dreams can become a reality."
I have a theory about girls on Facebook who use their middle name as their last name, but I'm waiting until my argument is flawless.
Friday the 13th - TDIH 1970, one of the oxygen tanks on Apollo 13 explodes ...
I'm done tweetin about shyt I'm not lurkin on shyt fuck tweets n this other shyt I'm doing me
of course I like beer. Can you dm me what beach it is? And maybe how to find you?
working 30+ hours a week for free is killing my pockets.lol but its a necessary evil
Saturday, we will be playing at Fremont Fair. Listen for us from 2-3 pm.
Perhaps, but I'm not sure the home opener is really Dave Sims hat territory. I see that more as a Tues game against the Jays.
yep. Its true both ways
why aren't you?
I'm working on a course with Connie Ragen Green and Jeanette Cates and learning a LOT,
OMG. is out of effing control. This thing is up in everyone's junk right now. Think it got blitzed off some amaretto.
CALLING ALL #COUGARS & CUBS!! Woman 40+ and Men 21-30 get in free #ALLNITE this Friday. Come down for a WILD Nite! RAWWRRR!
RT : The moral code of our society is so demanding that no one can think, feel and act in a completely moral way.
Then think about how Instragram sold for $1 Billion when people are starving, poor, homeless, and need medical insurance
#Syracuse - Looking 4 #thingstodoinsyracuse? Check out Youth Day @ SPAR Space in State Tower-11-4PM 4/28-Build a sculpture/design a statue!
I think most resented being labeled. Even though this state votes heavily R, most truly believe they're independent.
I want hot Cheetos or hot fries..
did you log off??
you put your order in for the joe buddens box set?
you only teach cycle?
#CAHSEE starting 2morrow Feeling so nervous for it!! :s :/
Wait, there's a debate tomorrow AM? Good. I'll just keep drinking until then. Just. Groovy.
Hot day outside with water fun and relaxing with #kids- roast in the #crockpot and loving life!
We almost died on the buss todayy
I told this guy I wanted to pinch his cheeks. He genuinely didn't know if I meant his face or his ass. It seems I have a reputation.
I'm in it for the entertainment value...and for that reason alone, I LOVE her!
It feels good to be back with my team
how's your nose?
yes you did
how can I hear it?
Darn! lol RT Damn glass phone.
We've actually thought of offering a grandparents/grandkids food tour friendly for kids. Great minds think alike. :)
I am happy you had a good week hope to talk with you soon my sweet friend
Lancaster Ohio
Whether you need to renovate an attic, basement, or entire home, Corbett Design Build is your answer.
The case of the never ending
Love You Or Of The Loving Bigger!!!
I was there too! Great show, but I felt kinda old. And the show extended into my bedtime.
Im not racist,so I think we all deserve to be treated equally.
O!!! Sounds interesting! Can I read it, too?!
Thank you! I've got enough cupcakes over here this weekend to celebrate! ha
thank you SO much, Cassie! That means the world to me! :)
Holy god stomach flu.
well most people say 'due' but I guess they'll make you die as well hahahaha :)
so, we're going to have lots of digital copies of the same object? that seems, well, not efficient. why not one really good one?
Incubus - Stellar: via
Heading to the Hard Rock Cafe
Spent some time playing with - very good #socialmedia tool for the money. Good addition to something like
no, Shaun through a rock across crowy and she pretended it hit her and pretended to cry;-)
RT he streets list is different from that list!/ damn rite they don't even got a clue
It's called a bio, NOT a brag box.
Elphaba's being played by the understudy???
Dang mavericks arena looks sweet in that blue out
they have them in the winter?? Like for how long, how that period?? And yeah you should to that to catch up.
Free your mind. And the rest will follow.
Going out to hillsboro to drink some beer and bbq with
Young Sinatra: Undeniable
Heard it was great! Almost sad to have missed you for another session!
“: What days??”-----Jun 7th-12th. will only be doing that weekend.
day off to the spa. if she likes sports, tickets. a nice restaurant.. RT : well tell us more creative ideas
Journalism/media in Atlanta, Ga. Thanks in advance for your help!
But their clothing is so revealing...
Wait that second in the middle of the night kiss lol >
Great fireworks show in Hong Kong last night. Today we'll be going to horse racing.
what time in da uk? xoxo
ALC Life and Growth Conference tonight with Bishop Roderick Mitchell 7pm. 6440 rock springs road lithonia, ga 30058
Does this count as irony?: Don't be influenced by persuasive women! Take my word for it! Don't read Roiphe's article!
No problem! So far so good over here. Hope you're having a great day too!
I miss the way my mom used to be... Everything's different now..
be grateful for what you do have, you little ignorant cunt. I feel so fucking sorry for your mother.
(half asleep but...) is "Enable Extras on Right Side?" unchecked in your Theme Settings? I'm thinking it should be.
Why are many vegans so rude and know it all? Lack of omegas or protein? Someone please do a study. They need help! #vegans suck
awe u bum. have fun at practice.
Real men r not afraid to show off their gf's aka their trophies only players make u none existent on their online social pages
Did you talk to it about making good choices as you put it outside?
“: Aight rtb it is this year guys no exceptions it's local! It's a must....” ur going?!
RIP Steve Jobs. apple.com
what was her name
Nice soccer game tonight. Ended in a tie. I took two solid elbows to the face, Probably well deserved.
Would love to pass 300 followers today! RT to win a $10 credit to your Uloop account to spend on massages, restaurants, salons & more!
Okay, my interest is slightly up again for THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN. Although, I do want to see the original two Spider-Man films now.
Julie Poplawski, author and fitness guru is sharing some tips with us on Tuesday night! Call us to reserve your spot!
Happy holidays!
everything you post online is eventually either going to help you or bite you in the butt pay personal attention to detail
Just found out is playing my hometown this summer with My Morning Jacket. Sweet!
RT : Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. ~Voltaire
Book designer & author should plan children's book layout B4 illustration begins for best results.
To mom on 4 train: if you're spending 2x as much time on daughter's hair than what you feed her something's wrong
Trying to act natural around cops, even when you did nothing wrong.
thank you!!
Thanks! The Muddle in the Middle chapter is a great one in that book for neuroanth
Tired of unhealthy Americans. U hurt? That's because you sit at a desk all day then go home and sit on the couch. Rescue a dog & go walk it.
it seems your twitter account has been hacked. it's advisable to change your password :)
When you guys meet you treat him like a star, If I ever met Justin I would treat him like the regular person he is. <333
For my fellow Cardinals/ Saved by the Bell fans: Kolb = Mr. Belding, Peyton = Rod Belding, Broncos = a "10", Rafting Trip = Superbowl.
Because we're not a couple. Don't be weird. I'm not buying you anything. But if you bought me a puppy, it wouldn't be weird.
lol I tweeted you a really old video .. of distracted trying to watch like 4 footy uk footy games at once lol
Price Comparisons Alera FW601424BL Single-Tier Rolling File Cart ...
Cherry tomato 1, biodegradable fork 0.
KU really needs to keep guarding during second chance shots. When UNC get offensive rebounds the tend to make their second attempts.
Legos never get old.
Distilling people to single numbers is the porch light to a certain moth-subset
Today a can of Spam knocked on my door. Told me it missed me. Walked away.
Get up drogba every time i look over ur on ur ass
Talent develops in tranquillity, character in the full current of human life. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Thank god karmas a bitch isn't ma fucking spurk her daughter broke her hand #Karma!
Past is the past
More and more followers!
We admit it. We took it. Wrote in #AUPSteadyRain for tonight at 8 pm. You'll have to come to get it back. (just kidding)
And in the clearance bin? The thrashed dreams of English teachers lying among real books 'n stuff.
who is Mel?
Listening to an mp4 demo I just recorded for students. I sound relatively accent-neutral until I say the word "file."
OK. What is the best web based timesheet software for a small group?
These Damn kids!
You may make mistakes, and you may have rarly been there for me, you may not be the greatest brother, but ill always love you .
THAT is an amazing 45, From listening to Otis Redding I have learned more about soul than any Swede from Minnesota should know.
wish I can go!
Back from E Coast swing #2. Great trip! Just looked at a short film I put together on Brotherman. Is it a sign of good things to come?
Arevalos must register for life as a sex offender and can't work ever again as a cop.
not much and you???
New BOS friends, what are your favorite reads + who are your fave tweeters to learn about new things to do in the city?
Target got me good today, but at least I got a great deal on some tv series.
u had me grinning from ear 2 ear
H.R 347 lowers governments intent requirement fornarrest. More erosion of our civil liberty ? ,)
How silly of me to have forgotten about family spring break time in our nation's capitol. #DC #RushHour #24/7
My heart is in NYC, my mind is headed back to Buffalo.
stinks well I gotta sleep so good night
Never before had i seen a dead dear on the side of the road. Ive seen 4 so far today
Yes, congrats to you! “: Happy and honored to be a finalist in ' NOS* contest"
I like where you're going with that: airport ruins. Keep going west...and north a bit...
Classics major problems: misreading anything ending in -cola for the name of an unimportant, almost 2000-year dead general.
i kinda do not understand pseudo hippie dubstep white dread hula hoop hair feather naked chant barefoot slut drum circle fire dance culture
Happy late halloween everyone!! Lol
Come scream at The Scream Zone open Wednesday – Sunday when you rent our Scream Zone partybus to The Del Mar Scaregrounds .
Just finished stamping a few more pieces that I'm hoping to get listed before leaving for the holidays.
That moment when you are in love.
Tomorrow's agenda: finish cleaning house, start slow roasting brisket, make PB/Jelly cuppies, make ramen slaw, make veggie bar, drink beer.
God loves tall people!
alternatively, you could cry your guts out and show your truth . xxoo, kk
thanks for the follow.
At the movies w/ & Can't take these niggas no where. (-__- )
Thank you google chrome, for allowing me to get on twitter, youtube, and sms sites on my laptop;D
Come and join us for TACO TUESDAY!!! Every Tuesday from 4pm - 9pm, buy any taco or burrito and get the second for half price!
thank you sir
MSR's setting up a lab in NYC with 14 researchers from Yahoo!, including David Pennock, Duncan Watts, and John Langford.
thank you <33
Another day in L.A.!! We are here till May 5th. Then move on to Las Vegas!
Look out for me on South Park this Wednesday, March 28 at 10 PM on Comedy Central!!!
RT : shares some incredible Frugal Living tips :)
Yeah!!! yay, Henry Cole!
Best of luck to everyone at the Marquee Awards tonight. I'm there in spirit. Have fun!
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!
FOOL 4 YOU by cee lo Green on REPEAT
follow back please(:
Ugh. On top of everything I think I'm getting sick as well. Beautiful. Simply stunning. :\
im psyched. Big pack fan and I love the way you play especially your last two seasons in gb
dude is a monster!
You have to be happy about the Weeden pick, whether Colt stays or goes... Its improving the Browns and thats more important IMO
so i think this is like my third time saying this, but goodnight guys <3
Ditching the kids at my parents and taking my babe out on a HOT date. ...and by hot date i mean DSW and Home Goods.
you guys will have to meet at the Easter party...more neighbors in the sports world!
Maintenance Tip from our Service Manager: Your Air Conditioning Unit will not work if the temperature outside is below 65 degrees.
Open your mind, so eyes can see the path to your heart. Let your passion lead you!
Productive co-work meeting with !
“: Lakers' Metta World Peace suspended seven games for elbowing Thunder guard James Harden. Metta! Dude! World peace starts on the court!
A third party seller hijacked the main buying option, but Amazon has it for $9.99, new, from them.
I highly agree... How the family doing & life going?
"that awkward moment when it accidentally slips into your butt. It's doesn't go in, it just knocks on the door"
what up Delano
Mad that was supposed to hit me up so we could hang today but didn't… smh...
what is some advice for new upcoming artists?
SINGERS TOO.
From "Now What? Reinventing Yourself After 40", create a written plan. It will be a roadmap to track your progress.
Omg I'm too busy for my own good!
Have a good day, love! ❤
Thanks for reading. It means a lot
It's amazing how much you can do with a Toshiba 47L7200U Smart TV without ever connecting the cable box.
if I lay here, will u lie with me and just forget the world? <3 my heart melted when they sang tht <3 I'm like ill gladly lie
F Cleveland. Even Cleveland hates Cleveland RT : If the Sixers make history & win, cleveland will forgive us for taking Jim Thome
I need some energy. I won't even be greedy - I don't need 5. One hour would be sufficient
please check it out
looks like a preview for next weeks episode of Grimm
I have a question for you, will you please DM me? Pretty please with waffles on top;) I really hope you see this. 💜💜
I'm cracking up right now lol
Want to be a great leader? Take responsibility and give away the credit.
S\o follow back
m cup of noodles with tapatio
Aww. I was looking forward to being "Uncle Hazz". ;)
Hendricks county cops <<<
Officially has a flight to #DC! It's been too long since I've seen that lovely city.
I want to haz beer.
Faith is an essential ingredient in every solution... often it is the solution itself.
He's sick at any level. Too bad he's on the wrong team.
I love you, New York. <3333
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we are not really living. Growth demands a temporary surrender of security.~Gail Sheehy
Hahaha nah. But I'm glad I was this time!
“: The Stoop has some completion at waffle house” haha never
Morning to you Matt!! I drink a lot of water but I've never heard of #MIO I will check it out! =)
Thanks for the follow! Following you back on #FF!!
shut up
Hi Drew, hope ur well!! Could u plz follow one of my bff's? it would mean alot! Thank you! ;)
resulting in head being cut off, why didnt dragon breathe fire& incinerate the guy???
For Lent gave up subtle sexual undertones in the way I say "I was trying to get in, when she grabbed the handle, and I missed the threshold"
Excited to be attending the Gala tonight honoring my friend and Co-Chairman, David Roth & Staci Grodin
she's going toget
thanks for the follow Dabble. We love your company :)
Harry Potter <3
Thanks. I kind of like experiencing the content through the different sites...
dude!!! you said u dont like jb anymore really. yet, look at ur pic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TONIGHT EXOTIC DANCERS FROM COLUMBUS & CINCINNATI LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN
Wanted to mention that Piso Week is coming up (Dec. 26-Dec.31st). We celebrate discovering that Arrius Piso created Christianity. Cheers!
Old people at iHOP in the morning are the best.
off to work!
Q6 I did proctor a lot of exams for homeschoolers.
If you got it, flaunt it ;)
Blown away by all the amazing talent from #actors, #writers, #directors, #crew etc n #Lousisana #Film #Industry! Great 2 be a part of it!
RT : When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken // keeping this one In mind!
What's an actuary?An accountant without the sense of humour.
“: Valentines Day Is 4 Single People To Get It In cus If you In a Relationship This should Be A Everyday thing For You #IJS”
Relax, relate, release.
"The instinct of reverence for the Unknown is implanted in all human life." - Manly P Hall
When politicians mention "jobs" in a debate, it's like masking dogshit with Febreze.
Watching The Descendants
BERRIES and CREAM BERRIES and CREAM! i'm a lad who loves berries and cream
#Durant just posterized the #Lakers in dirty fashion....this should be a great game!
Slow down. He doesn't have the job yet :-)
See you in chucktown tonight?
i miss being able to get on twitter..
Solos, duets, whatever! Lol One of my fav. solo songs is Give You Hell by All American Rejects!!
I miss u
I pulled out the old school rose colored kit from USL days myself.
always. don't let us take that away from you. Hey, why don't you guys come to Portland with us and ?
I SRSLY FLIPPED WHEN I HEARD IT IN THE PREVIEW
Only three days of work this week. Will still probably need to accomplish five days' worth of work. Wonder how that's going to happen.
Indeed! Been too long. Was just at Venue yesterday and thought of you. What works?
can't speak as to why you're tired, in my case though its cause I'm up before 5
: Make sure you're following We've already got the results from several schools districts.
There is so much things that I wish could happen
What's the word on this new Coriolanus, ?
Tue workshoped w/Rich Delia Barden/Schnee Cast., called to intern/be reader next Friday! Wed workshoped w/Paul Ruddy, partner Fern Champion.
i know, im trying to get him to say that!
old New Years Resolution doc... "I wont run out of my diner meal plan before the end of the semester"
#inthesummer i will be taking drivers ed :D
Thug Life
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
If U take advantage of the Email Blast/Fax program, please have request submitted to our office one week before "Blast" date.
Facebook.com/pages/Joey-Diamond/58023042775 ( )
that's a new one on me!
Ya know what? To hell with it all. Yes, I know it's cryptic, but that's the point.
given my mood right now and my current dry spell, my nickname is whatever you want it to be, oney.
My first ever in-person improv experience is taking place right now at the #Summit 2011. Terrifying and exhilarating at once!
What's up
This is tragic. Thx for sharing.
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.Francois De La Rochefoucauld
Got it.....thanks so much for the help!!
You have a smile that only heaven can make
Those are the wedges. I also bought pumps.
Lmfaoooo. I cried laughing at that. Lmfaoooo. How you rape three other men for nine hours ?!?!
Thanks for many great memories, RIP Dick Clark
you still coming to austin this weekend?
Why do musicians have to be awake by six o'clock? Because most shops close by six thirty.
Aaron Craft is an amazing player! I hope he can just put that game aside him and focus on the future. He's definitely one of the best!
The Sacramento Kings are hosting the Portland Trail Blazers tonight at the Power Balance Pavilion. For game tickets, call at: 888-493-0004
and her not wearing pants!!
I have a 9:30 on Wednesday's this semester.
That's Riddikulus. :)
no baby !!
just hit with a follow back
you still ROCK!!!
a quien? Christian?
but.... Avocados are nasty. Ruin alot of good sandwiches............
Whuddup wit u fam? I'm workin on dis party track want u to fukk wit me on it, lemme knw if u down
Research and Markets: Global Service Provider Router Market 2011-2015 : Cisco Systems, Juniper Networks, Alcatel ...
Thanks! It has been rather bad the last few weeks. It's constant & hear it w/closed windows.
#AmITheOnlyOneThat Just Don't Give A Fuck
Had a great time with everyone who attended our Central Station Manager's course last wk. Great people attended and great ideas were shared!
Grand opening of the Commuter Lounge in East Quad & Commuter Corner in Lib. 4-6. Ribbon-cutting with desserts afterwards in Mud Box.
Thinking of checking out for Sunday Night Jazz tomorrow evening.
Organize. Paperwork. Clean up. Getting Ready. Change is in the Air. Revving Up! Fresh.
Cole under pressure.. What that make? DIAMONDS
haha! I don't want anyone dead though.
where do you think ravens go in first rd? O line or lb?
. and headed to a fatal shooting at Knox Ct. and 13th Ave in #Denver this morning; few details
Oh...that wasn't the intention of the response. I was more "SOB"ing myself for screwing up the Twitter humor.
wha??? exists?? in this country?!
If it makes you feel better, you can come to Madison to cover the Macker here. You know, for old times sake. I'll do Endurathon.
oh! Awk it was Dave ramping off in the wheelchair!
": I wish someone would sit with me and talk about everything. I always bottle things up"
Thank you for providing the music and inspiration!
i love you
that's really good news bud! Congrats bro
Had a great day on the road with Coach Clark. Learned a ton. Really enjoyed it.
If "ifs" and "buts" were candy and nuts. Giants own Patriots
I live in DC and support the Nats usually, but my first love is Phillies. I can have allegiances to both.
About a Sagittarius: Open and interested. Generally tall, strong legs. Clothes for comfort, not style. Women act in a "tomboy" manner.
I hate working. I miss Davon already!
Land being bad tonight!!!!!!!!
I'm in for the long haul. :)
change your twitcon.
good point. Lloyd still got material though...I think.
omg is she ur dog now?
... I liked it, but come on!! Lol
I love worst cooks. I now know I'm not the only person who can't cook.
Crazy talent here tonight. New Orleans, Nashville, Virginia Beach,.Atlanta & beyond... Good tunes!
epitomy of real music, love him forever
typically the -ical would be left off the word; maybe word symmetry with alchemical lead the author to choose the -ical form?
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat by Simms Taback: Recycle, Recycle, Recycle. ♲
#Martinez, Chasing the Moon. The universe goes kerflooey in an entertaining & bizarro way, with monsters. this one's for you.
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. it is the cross over which is bothersome.
#OccupyBohemainGrove July 14th in Monte Rio, CA - protest where Wall Street and the GOP Boys comes to play.
I never said a word about your license. ;)
Keesh...smh, I want you to come when Kinah is here. She won't be here till next weekend.
where's the invite?...never tried Aussie BBQ before....well if you count Outback BBQ then I have tried it lol
I broke my leg (really, in '01) Go Altmire! RT : Heritage Hall filling up 4 debate bet &
More like, feral wombat or perhaps a feral, rabid, squirel.
exciting! good luck with all the new things! :)
Sweet! We believe it's the perfect look for casual Friday.
they boo'd him out of the city!
Doing Laundry at a laundry mat is so not for me im soo annoyed dude ugh people bumping into me -_-
How the fuck is 'goodbye' a bad word??
Not really. I'm still not quite shooting yet, after a hospital stay. So, I'm just doing site work, DVD editing, for now.
hey stranger over there, I'm really liking that way, u whip it whip it...
Got A NEW #Swimsuit For The Summer!! #CubsSwimsuit :)
that is too true. Rosa what state do you live in? i think you're the only on idk.
how your god baby
People are acting sketchy...
I mean, I have 1,700+ followers w/o the promise (or, in my personal case, threat) of nudity.
Truth, you can't handle the truth
Eli can handle it cmon!
thanks for RT of the RT! :)
Took 4th at SECs with 17'8.5" and had some really good shots at 18 feet which would get me to olympic trials. Its coming
So the hangover came out last year but its obviously still that movie. Everybody tryna #quotethatmovie lol
Thanks. I was looking for this info yesterday and ended up chasing my tail. This will definitely help.
NO!! RT : Do double exclamation points equal double excitement? Discuss.
It's a pancake, not an English muffin. *crying*
watching beastly!!! :D
what the fuck is up with all the moronic drivers at walmart? 3rd close today call due to a ditzy young blonde not paying attention.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate so when im gone get to meet yo mom and dad
Back home Marine returns.
Thank you for sharing 's article! Two months and one day to go!
ya well im gonna get off for awhile, hope you have an amazing day :) bye !
Who Savana? QT : u know who I'm Talkin bout
K...Your An Asshole!
Cant Stand Ah Sneaky Ass Lien Ass Nigga That Want Be Ah Man And On Up To The Shit!
I have not been keeping up with the playoffs. I need to do better...
Aroldis Chapman just struck out Rickie Weeks with 101 mph pitch. Not the guy you want to see when you're hitting below .200.
sweet does that mean my daughter gets to join Sag?
RT : Great organizations promise something, deliver something, and believe something that no one else does. - Harvard Bus. Rev.
A perfect day for a SLURPEE!!!!!!!!
Great that won the Chevron World Challenge. But with only 4 non-US golfers in the field, it wasn't much of a world challenge
Excited to announce that the Ph.D in Arts & Technology at UT Dallas has now been approved! (via )
Attending Opening Session on Healthcare Reform. We all have a long way to go.
that's because when that ass clown schultz says something only 12 people hear it!
Hmm. Not sure I'd want to get tipsy on a hike, but I'd rather take a small flask of whiskey than a heavy bag of wine.
great! Thanks! Keep doin an awesome job
Planet Fitness real quick
So i send you a tweet saying good morning then you tweet good morning? how am i ever suppose to get noticed by you. </3
The are taking over the big leagues. 7 game winning streak, back over the .500 mark.
damn. Let's chill soon. Forget my number or what??
That was not my best idea.
in advisory
Could be! Many go under the radar for years.
Day 96 of 100: I am thankful for being so close to the 100 :)
Yes! It will just be inside...with no camp...and no fire. RT : Is the campfire on Friday still on if it's raining?
thanks so much
We have a God that is large and in charge!
At sams club
RT : #THATCamp Columbus campers: expect an email soon with details on parking (it's free!), post event meetups, and more!
U in dc tho lol RT I need to! lol Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious
Happy friday
you mad cause I'm stylin on you???
Now thru 2/14/12, for every Tweet/reTweet that includes #heart and ’s, Macy's will donate $2 to Go Red For Women, up to $250,000!
Oh Ira, here we are together alone (with a packed house), tell me what's on your mind.
Which one is it? I am loving Moon Man No Coast.
I was playing at boston latin my boys step pops opened up the gym for us he a janitor
When my mom talks to random people at the doctors office -______- ughh gets so annoying
like its disgusting!! Keisha did nothing wrong! And Ev got the nerve to be crying girl bye!
oh ya! They have some that give you 100 hours of battery on one charge!
The Lakers have the Thunder exactly where they want them.
Happy Leap Day!
The woman I spoke with this morning consumes A LOT of caffeine. I appreciated/feared her extreme enthusiasm. Then, I bought another coffee.
So glad let someone do Ms. Teena Marie justice.
thank u for checkin it out
lol, but would you rather do that or sit bored in the library & see #AustinR awkwardly smiling & making noises @ his laptop?
heard it second-hand. Not sure I could find it, but I will try…
Well done response. Riley's "blind ignorance" as one commenter said is staggering.
love it!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Not liking his today started: Really Bad Dream, massive knot in my leg that woke me up in tears and a quarter mile walk to my car.
ugh shame shame shame :(
False alarm. Just had to reboot the box. Thanks!
Port St. Lucie FL
Gain-Fest
YOU DO! Lmao, shhh don't tell anyone :)
Just because he played against him doesn't mean he's not boosting, though. It's nit-picking a top talent who deserves better.
A whole summer without camping and I just got a craving for a s'more. Maybe I can make them on my balcony?
#fridayof2011 - Wow our last Friday for 2011. It's been a great year! Shutting the office lights.. see you all Next Year! XO!
Preparing updated electronics for the new Power Flower series for installation at Allegheny College.
you're my house hunters international
I hurt all over but snowboarding sure is fun ;) x
Do you remember me?
Cleveland pitcher Bob Feller
I just peed. Now the whole world knows.
Once a (c) work is allowed to be used casually and publicly, the owner looses control - never know when that can turn on you
wats wrong wit u
ok sierra.
Just realized I signed up to coach rec basketball!
Kohl is honestly just looking for someone to tell him the Bucks are close. What better yes men than lame ducks!
I wish I was pretty without makeup.
;-) as my Pops would say: "Amen. And Amen."
Im in the bathroom FUCKED UP! *Webbie voice*
2 phone booths in Mon Co. that aren't in a prison, gas station or amusement park....what's this world coming to?
My girlfriend knows how to make me happy, just like that lol ^.^
hey! Did we get lawn or seats for brad paisley??
Beerfest then Burgers with my favorites. Yay for ATL in the summertime
James Harden!
hey. I dint know you were a british model. Thanks for telling me. xx
Nice one!
The Bard's #Troillus & Cressida @ Suffolk's Modern was a treat. Seldom performed and strangely topical as the players confront unending war.
EMan just asked me do i have a hair piece on..O_o
Talk doesn't cook rice. -Chinese Proverb
Great start to #OMS12 with a packed workshop by our very own
Windy City Wedding Show 526 Brides Pre-Registered, Vendor Booths are still available. 847-774-8910 for information.
thanks for following! happy
heading to Harbor House for the first time. Stoked for seafood.
Amazing! Simply Amazing!
Stop by ATA tonight from 7-9 for Sarah Hotchkiss's reception!
I swear I'm never fuckin having kids ! That shit for the 🐤 them mfs a no go !
WHOOP WHOOP AWSOME ED AND TAYLOR WORKING TOGETHER.
meeker send off on Saturday at my place. You in??? 3p-whenever.
#ThatAKWARDMomment When Your Moms On The Phone. ANd Here Phone Was DIsconnected SO She Tries To Play It Off Like She Was Talkin To You =/
Off work early...that clearly means start drinking:)
thanks for the #moreq2010 debate - i wish i did not get so passionate about such things. :)
haha ill tell u if she adds me! Tweet her!
God is good news from a friend delivered by messenger eagles.
I got to call Alaska today
God morning! Thanks for the continued support from you and your staff.
Going to be a great sunny day today! Looks like a nice relaxing day at the pool for me!
what's up my nigga and shit soon
Ill Wink At You Cutie But I Would Want Your UnCut Banana Too
We have rooms available at the Comfort Suites Lawrenceville, less than 5 miles from the Gwinnett Arena rates from $69.00 call 678-377-0003
hoped that Goodell and the MN pols were geared up in their GWAR outfits for some serious battles???
For the best in service and repairs, come to Cardinal Plaza Shell - the station with all the decorations!
Don't tweet me personal shit. Wtf is wrong wit u?
I need an email worth reading
Damn bro! Wtf
Portrait of Tracy
WOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOO #Brewers WIN
My socks have mustaches on them, I can't lose today.
RT if you participated in our online seder!
Forced myself to get caught up on email from my absence during #motorcycledaytrip yesterday before I turned on the Twitter. Good morning!
your avi is really cute sis!!!
Party this week @@@
Random thought: If you're born on Leap Day, does that mean you only get a birthday every 4 years?
Shout out to Mississippi night life
Tolls in NC? Feel like I'm in the North already...
The boyz just finished performing (:
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?"- J Wooden
We are in San Antonio at the Specialty Tools & Fasteners Distributors Association (STAFDA) show. Come visit us in Booth
But, if I didn't I wouldn't know they read it, and they wouldn't see my dick.
No omg im going right now to pick you up !
We like when dreams come true ;) RT : just saw this...but Stanton Social RT-ed you and me... Dreams do come true!
mine is subway but taco bell is my second favorite
I'm also finding that using miles for upgrades on overseas flights is pretty impossible. Not sure why to have these miles anymore.
RT “: I would give my right arm to audition/ perform with you guys! ...but I wish I was not 12hrs away”
haha. . . Im finna get off twitter. Be good, dont shoot nobody !
I <3 tha dude is a tru man (hustler, father, husband, business man, mans taking care of business)
Ck out the Lotus Law Center Newsletter. It is awesome. Feel free to subscribe. Go to www.LotusLawCenter .com
I know one Buckeye alum that is bracing for a "lack of institutional control" ruling in the near future...
Calling volunteers! Seeking helpers for a WHS booth at Pet Fiesta, Reston Town Center, Sat. 5/5, 10am-4pm. Email . TX!
Way above average ...
<---extremely proud of this one :-)
The Wild Rumpus has relocated, heaven is about to get more... Monstery.
I want to marry a cowboy like George strait!
The boot Friday
six scholarship essays down and its barely put a dent in the pile...
y'all didn't leave yet?
RT if you are going to church today ? Church Bound
Michael cuts my hair too. He does great work. Ask him about the secret stash of Fireball...
Thanks for following!
Idk about that,, I dont think he should give it up I jus think that he needs to gets back on his classic grind.. He gots it
Be in the media for all the good respectful reasons, give some money to some Children Hospitals like St. Judes! for cures..
Another night with no sleep that means Party at my house everyone is invited
WeHo, couldnt get tkts 2 Coachella? I got u covered! Check out my COACHELLA RIDE Sat 5pm we'll b rocking out to all the top bands
why i found a food truck by chase that make a catfish burrito with a spanish dirty rice fusion?
Good judgement comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment! Be Thxful for commonsense! —DJ Hapy Thx Giv'n
oh no! I'm sorry--hope you get it all fixed soon.
ill try for next weekend
I've never owned an android and love my #iPhone - but I doubt I'd make edits on the smaller device. My #iPad however...
RT : Playing tonight at Pampell's in Kerrville with Chris Doege - If I was cool, I would go! Let me know the next gig in ATX!
Just think in 100 years who's gonna care?
Ha! That's pretty darned funny. Especially considering you are a well known guru in the Video/Photoshop world. ;)
*Breath In* *Breath Out* Thank God For the Breath Of Live
Dear your technical problems aren't half as bad as your PR problems.
Just give students a challenge and let them figure out how to use SM/search to solve it.
burned 527 calories doing 60 minutes of "Stair-treadmill ergometer, general"
So cool! I was born in Peoria, it's really great to see the old photos!
Mine too. “: No clue why I even fill out a bracket... It'll inevitably end up crumpled up in the garbage by the end of round one.”
i would love to work with brandy ... and Amerie ....and mary j
You. Yes you. Tweet me (:
Shooting today on my doc check it out!
It always surprises me when I get recognized from work.
Not used to seeing someone other than #Valverde on the mound in a save situation.
Great! I'm putting together a complimentary report on getting more clients. If interested, let me know - will be available soon
Headed downtown to Gino's East for team dinner!
Lots of ugly today between PHI-PIT so Ill focus on a positive-- today Matt Cooke proved he is a different guy this year. Clean all series.
Charity sees the need, not the cause. -German Proverb
Why are we more excited when a person RT's us but not as excited for God to speak to us
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.
I just said the same thing as your 5 year old and I'm 36!
You still have time to raid the cellar…
I can't wait for playoffs to start. I will definetly make a trip from Newport to catch some of the action. GO HAWKS!
is excited about the launch of our new website this month!
i do, but not as openly. i want to perfect myself first.
Out of class extremely early... M what to do???
Get well soon, kid!
you should hear the new remix of Timmy Thomas's "Why Can't We Live Together" the billboard hit sold 6.5 mill. copies 1972
Kendrick Lamar at U DUB tomorrow
i hope Austin likes the present i got for him (:
Want to try cupping? For FREE?. Be able to evaluate a coffees quality. Safari's Sippin' & Slurpin' class this Sat 10AM. 6 spaces left. Book.
BP profit Gunfire erupts in Syria's Idlib target security talks with more easing Mexico regulators.
perfect weekend at the beach <3 #mygirls!
Love when talks to herself.
honey boo boo child, need you in the house
still clothed though...
good how sweet! They are gonna be best buddies soon!
Hahahaha man our agents are just way to busy signing us with all these great teams! Might as well be #TeamMVPs!!
All the tweets I just RT are hilarious. Everything I hear about around #Abq amazes me how she is still CEO there
I wonder how much business Nandos got because of ???? ahaha
I'm a proponent of the "Yes AND.." approach
Welcome new followers and And remember 503.227.1234 #BroadwayCab is at your door!
agree, if everyone is learning and challenged do they all get a passing grade?
& to all of our followers, THANK YOU!! :) :) :) We appreciate YOU! Have a nice day!
im getting so sick of internet commercials. I can't even watch a 5 second clip before sitting thru some dumb ad.. this sucks...
I was at Subway having an early lunch, wish I would have thought of the food trucks just down the road.
Junk food ban the target of slick video made by Brampton high school students
hey twitter
iight bet :-) she cool wit dat
Anyone want to be a daytime hostess at LPQ midtown?
yep. It's really all about building relationships when you get down to it.
Well done! #PBouchardwatchyourback!
Is DotLoop completely iPad friendly? I fired it up today, but got a flash error but I'm thinking that's the intro videos.
U CANT B SERIOUS!!! Iz BY FAR DA BEST PLAYER ON DA PLANET.....
#NP ~Queen Ifrica: "Lioness On The Rise"...
Happy Single Awareness Day! where the unhappy couples try to make the single people feel bad, n the truly happy ones just do what they do...
Amanda Belch, Yoga Trainer/Massage Therapist at Sierra Fitness and new Lululemon Ambassador has new massage special $65/60min 520 577-9000
Figuratively or literally? ;)
right, I just now got on twitter
man that bitch a pull that shit lmaooo ima run from it lmfaooo
will do :)
Stay classy.
1 second left in the 1st half.
Beautiful Freaks Tour!!!!!
RT I wanna lose 20 - 30 lbs ... I need a crash course diet & workout routine !
Tune in @ 8:30am CJLO 1690 (MONTREAL) or CJLO.COM "LIVE" "Find out where Hoffa is buried, and how the Habs will return"!
yes ma'am
Had a nightmare last night that Michelle Bachmann helped me clean house. Still haunted by it.
hey its not my birthday or anything, but can i get a retweet because there was no "incident" with a firetruck last weekend?
the #KentuckyDerby is incredible even if you dont bet. If you disagree you must be a Giroux fan!
thank you both <3
Scream ( Shut THE FUCKup ) we dont like YOU ! JESUS CHRIST ... GTFO PANDA EXPRESS LOOKIN BITCH
Godspeed to getting well! In our thoughts & prayers!
shit is like a helicopter: 10000 pieces in the air all agreeing for that point in time to act like a helicopter.
I agree with the No Fear part of it but in this case common sense is overrated! How're you tonight Erin? All better
The show goes on tonightt!(:
y eyes clossing
Love you too!
PLEASE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT !!ツ I follow back!!
Playing the Epicurean Society dinner. Would rather be eating.
Don't Hate ;D♥
No worries!!! We're savin the most fun for Sunday - just for you!!
RT : TED launches TED TED website, dedicated to videos of people watching TED talks.
I love seeing my silent movie come together and the poetry needs no spoken words.
A new Alan Wake game?! F*ck yea! Who wants to buy it for me? Anyone?
Seeing lots of tweets for great Foursquare deals from local SD businesses. 'Tis the season! :D
#nowplaying another all time fav .. Rihanna - What's My Name
eh - I think you're too quick to judge, there's a lot worse things they could do, like say "Dear John"
I think it's a yes :)
“: BREAKING NEWS: Netflix is streaming the He-Man/She-Ra Christmas special!” V. IMPORTANT!!
If you could ... In what big city would you love to spend Halloween at? And doing what?
Have to admit, I'm kinda enjoying the fact that over half the "trending topics" in Pittsburgh are people on other towns' baseball teams.
My daughter Isabella was the only one to pick I'll Have Another! Tim Laird must be smiling.
Ohh, that's so cool. ;o
But it’s not hopeless: with some small steps, baby ones in fact, you can get started down the road to positive change
I'm not sorry anymore
Btw, God...dinner at our house is 8:00...just let me know if you need me to change that to accommodate your busy schedule today. Peace.
I miss you GG!
Gay means happy, so let the people who love the same sex be happy. There's no difference, but isn't a douche.
Never mind homework time
Hey Wikipedia: Time to end the blackout! My 1979 collection of Encyclopedia Britannica doesn't know who Honey Badger is.
I can't just go follow someone who doesn't even know I'm alive, what would be the point of that?
Hungry... Guess I'll cook something..
If you follow love, your life will become uncertain, and the ego craves certainty.
We hope that all of our PFCLA moms had a wonderful Mother's Day!
I walk differently when I can hear my heels click
Who is this Ben Cohen and what's his stance on the Mississippi personhood amendment?
Are you talkin' to me? Because it feels like you're talkin' to me.
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you see without braces!!
I misbehaved last night. But I did win a piece of art in the Revel auction. Too drunk to remember what it looks like.
Close one
Jiffy Lube: come for the service, stay for the coffee.
Real life, man. It's so demanding! As is my inbox. Let's ignore it together.
please ad on facebook today!
Today I have choir auditions and I also have breathing problems. Fml.
Made a little maple bacon infused rye whiskey last night. Batch 1. Feedback needed. Any takers? Ahem
I hope she is ok
Uploading videos is so boring...
lol I want to help out bcuz I'm a selfless, kind person.... Nah jk I really want to meet Jordan too :P lol
OH MY GOSH ZACH I MISS YOU :(
wys then he laughed about the situation... Im sitting here like really???
I'll deffo like link yer blog tho #CREDITU maybe I could write a bit about you too? I hope you don't mind
Adolescence is perhaps nature's way of preparing parents to welcome the empty nest. - Karen Savage and Patricia Adams
I luv Bo
Thx! Changing my password now!
Oh what the fuck.
Your secrets are safe with me ;)
No SCVs here, just, umm... sympathizers (but only to a certain extent...<g>). Feel free to share that track.
North OAKLAND go get your Besto Pesto this weekend at the SACRED WHEEL CHEESE AND SPECIALTY STORE AT 4935 SHATTUCK AVE. Sold DAILY.
Can't wait for SUMMER ☀
One punt return by lsu is more than 30x the yardage nd has all season
Life blossoms during childhood. During youth it grows up through inward tension & spiritual struggle on the way to truth
Good luck to the #cougs tomorrow vs. #asu! FYI: I am secretly a cougs fan. I have a football signed by Jason Gesser!
Great! It will be so nice to have someone to meet up with when I get there!
is the real queen of Pop!! She's shown more crack than Britney's snorted....
Glad that you agree Marci - Enjoy the sun!
It would be nice if would have phone charging stations.....
16 days until I meet and at
Easy to dream a dream but harder to live it...
True n i aint know it was that much beef...
When you think too hard about something that someone once said, it will drive you crazy.
so cute! congrats on the new baby!
I miss last year's bullpen.
I fucced a bitch twice and I ain't even know, somebody had to tell me that was the same hoe.
ooh thanks for the sneak peek! looks great. would love to see how you're handling the "also try" section too...
THEN ID DIE
You can send in any pictures you have with him for the vid! Anything to show him we love him! (:
For once my room doesn't feel creepy 👻😊
I ment to click Africa and I dident find out I clicked NASCAR untill I sent the drawing
I'm way too excited about this whole #DoritosLocosTacos thing
was just what I needed to cure my home sickness. Thanks for a great time!
Taking kansas to win it all in my bracket
This Saturdays show will be hosted by the lovely and talented Andi Woody! It's the nicest looking woody you've ever seen.
you definitely picked a party girl ;) check ur DM! Thanks for the follow, love...
It's not even 11 AM yet & I've already seen 2 prostitutes on my street. Life is good.
I wish i was a twin. 👯
": for all have sinned & fall short of the glory of God. -Rom 3:23"
Ah, that gatorade was good. Thanks to William.
Another day of running up against a wall, on everything...
Heather is at the movie's with her friend. I'm done with my homework. And i'm bored as hell.
Waking up and reading the headline "Dimora had insatiable sexual desires" is not a good start
Sixteen and Pregnant trended getting pregnant..
There must be a million uses for harissa that have not yet been discovered. I'm very optimistic!
k then.
that looks great!
Spent the entire day with my amazing boyfriend. I don't know where I'd be without him.<3
tells me lysol is just liquid neosporin
Men of few words are the best men.
House. Committee holding hearing on communitty banks. Next comes bill on aging tires. Big lobbyist interest. ABATE will weigh in.
thanks for publishing a great piece on today - "a liberal dose of Reality" indeed!
follow back?(:
great - thanks for contacting us. Sending you a DM right now with a free access code for our launch beta program invite.
k...night tweeps...
I've been HACKED! Ugghhhh, do not open the link from me that went out this morning,
The pieces all fit together. Yet everything was falling apart.
I just got an empty envelope - is that comparable?!?
not yet, dunny...but will look for it
If it was our black POTUS with the DOG on the car the GOP would've. IMPEACHED him!
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that ones work is terribly important.- Bertrand Russell
Sorry for venting...
Good point: Job descriptions should include the skills that are required for the candidate to be successful in their role.
The fact that wants to see us Lanes before he goes back home. >> 😊
Lunch was great fish an salad. Yummy to my tummy. LOL
Really dont feel like waiting on this
oh, that means so much to me, xx.
cant DM you with no follow.. damn!
yeah !maybe
Thank you for reminding me to NEVER get married!
Today is NOT National Tell a Lie Day.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow im a King
Thank you to and for speaking at this morning's
#SECRETCIRCLE #THERIVER #THEFINDER Canceled? SERIOUSLY. This is dumb this sucks. I am SO pissed. :| -______________-
quit smelling Carl's mouth and get back to studying!
nigga breath smell like he just had a social shitdown sammich.lol
p.s., did I see you saying something about being at the party tomorrow? Cause I will be there too.
and We dislike chicks with dusty dreads.....LOL!?
Always crazy for Jonas Brotehrs ?
Really? That's disappointing.
Grizzlies are amazing, formidable and best viewed on TV.
Agreed. I'm almost curious enough to watch them... Almost. But won't hahah
off to see what #SachaBaronCohen can do with a guerrilla performance in a scripted film … here's hoping #TheDictator brings a few laughs
exactly! What better way than to make Christ famous!
aha. I remember when he 1st said that I'd be like ' wow were getting serious ' but no, he's just getting way to comfortable!
We getting it in .....in the lab with making a slapper ......loyalty-EOS
Sometimes I wish I didn't know English, so I would never read either of the phrases "sophomore album" or "compulsively listenable"
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
Go to our site & check out our new background. also, vote in our poll on the right hand side. lastly, click our ads so we can make money
#WhileInARelationship do you ever find yourself killing time at the mall?
www.findinghope.tv Our new website!
": #SomeoneIWantToMeet " This would be nice ^-^
Are you doing the winter seminar in DC? If so, enjoy!
who is that ugly bearded hippy beside you in your profile pic dude
im working on my 4 minute video now to upload! Robyn Banks Is Coming Mama!!!
No! Adrian's going to be with me and everything!
We look and dress as we like.
STOVE AND TREADMILL HAVE JUST BEEN SOLD STILL GOT A FRIDGE FOR 75 BUTCHERS RACK FOR 30 GF BBQ INDOOR GRILL W STAND 75
I have a lot o Lyme Disease medication and supplements to get rid of. Can anyone help me "dispose" of them? (FB)
Thank you!
I still exist
i knoww (: it's cause half of the class is doing the National Day of Silence (:
Eastbound today to NYC. BOOK EXPO
e's ny rez - play wii at my house, yipee
hopefully fall!!
Building shaking in Buffalo....
Bold move by Houston to keep Wandy in for this AB
so ready to be laying on a beach!
Chilly day. House seems quiet after the weekend.
Hearing sen. Marco Rubio at RVA convention center. Impressive
NO... DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
Just finished the practice round now banquet time
I don't. She's put herself here. She COULD still turn it around, I admit. However, I would doubt it. Too far screwy. haha
Enjoying a Dark & Stormy at Atomic Cowboy in STL, made with ginger liqueur.
this morning was fantastic. My toes and tummy are thankful
Belly dancers, are you shopping this Thursday morning? Check out my shop: www.MagicCarpetDanceArts.etsy.com.
It'll be easy on u and i'm pretty sure your future students will learn tons of things on that field. ;) aja
I would keep it anonymous. Especially if this is something you plan to study or if you plan to get IRB approval for 1 day.
That moment when you look at your crush and saw that they were looking at you first.
Stoked to have presidents day off. The whole day is mine to do whatever I want with. I'll finish that theme song for 's podcast.
my pleasure doc! #ISendUDo 👈👏💪👊💢😃..i know how much U fellas HEART chest work.so today was a happy day!!
|#quotes Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to decide what is really important to them.
Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you. It would be as rational to knock yo
I was appalled to hear that she is 44 years old! Thought she was 70. Hope her child will suffer no lasting skin issues.
i forgot how to reserve a classroom. too many rules.
Yeah, it's the system that's ultimately put in place... #1968CampusTweets ;-)
so my family embassed me by having my cousin's cute friend take a picture with me .__.
One week down, three weeks to go. Peace out, job!
Agreed RT I really need to get a new tacky Christmas sweater soon!!!
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves
where did you have an interview at?
Button Up!!!! ftw
Ouch! I burnt my finger with a curling iron earlier and it still hurts really bad! ):
We live alone. We die alone. Everything else is just an illusion.
I am taking a half-day, just to celebrate.
"He who kneels before God can stand before anyone."
working on another bird drawing! see what I have so far www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
OMB! I want the Golden Package but… :'( hasghxdhqwprtujfghyxvsz I'm so sad let's just say that I can't ask for it… CMAO! (cryinMyAssOff)
Think I'm going to stay in bed all day and watch hulu plus.............unless I get a text or phone call.
I did. I'm not as clear cut as you'd assume!
I wish #WeCouldBeLike Sun and moon so I Neva hav to c you!
I see you have a new obsession?
"A right delayed is a right denied." -MLK, Jr.
RT : he looks sad aw
Driving range with my mom!
RT : Go the extra mile. It's never crowded.
:) youre the greatest! I hope you fall in love with our jams! We have a new cd on the way! Whats new with you??
No. And it's only a fraction of the numbers that gathered to hear Hitler. You're RIGHT!
Where are you headed?
Almost had a heart attack!!! I'm in the kitchen cooking and thought I was out of
Washington Hights what's good?
Welcome Back, we missed you
Talent show audition today! WOOHOOOOO
how have you been dude?
Hey hey Happy Birthday, lady.
Hate when I bite my tongue in my sleep then I find mythelf with a lil lithp for the remainder of the day
Avengers was awesome!! Now time for Cabin In The Woods :)
Peeing with the door open when no one's home \m/
I will soon have museum, medical AND law library experience. Only half done with my MLS & have three library jobs to put on my resume. Mayj
I think its very sweet from you
you said you see all your fans tweets...i'm just happy you're smiling right now :)
Thanks! Can't wait to see your new website. Let us know when it's complete, so far so good.
#middleschoolmemories listening to avril lavigne in computer class with
we are set for tomorrow to go to Antoich to visit homeowners, I will meet you at the office Shout out to casalatino!
Cinco de Mayo Fiesta!
If I had a # KeurigVue brewer I would call it my buddy that wakes me up.
Hahaha! I haven't seen this much red since Chappaquiddick.
battlelog now shows both xbox and pc. M1911 loaded in xbox and it actually saved my lvl/equip! gtg
m...crap! Now I have to get cleaned up...again! Lol. ;)
you like to live dangerously re: crossing street
RT Why dont you help your dick get out of dehydration and get it wet you fucking virgin.
trafficky (ˈtræfɪkɪ) informal (of a street, area, town, etc) busy with motor vehicles
I love it when d-bag Loserville fans reply to my tweets. Cracks me up at how classless they really are.
Wish I could have seen that! : Everyone singing Happy Birthday to
and I will perform "Sawdust in Your Eye" tomorrow night at Flicker! #BobSeger #TomWaits #Creed = Trifecta of Rock Legends
