Good am everybody. We have made 2 order breakfast sandwiches til 10:30am. Come in & get 1 for yourself and 1 for a friend. 101 Stewart @ 1st
I had a dream that Marketing was renamed Enthusiasm Boot Camp and was held at the crack of dawn with lots of yelling.
Thanks!Can't wait. And thank you for sharing your love letter to the band with us. From one fan to another it means a lot.
let's go takeover Boston!
must be a "luxury" ride!
JW if u r planning on doing a live chat anytime soon?? I miss those!! Maybe 2 promote MALIBU COUNTRY!! JUST AN IDEA :))) LOVE YOU XOXO
It's a hair product: a moisturizing spray. "Coming to America" with Eddie Murphy is the movie.
Watching #grammys on delay due to dvr. Damn #coldplay is awesome!
we're on the clock
bieber fever is still spreading we r #18million beliebers we go hard or we go home
#Tigers C Victor Martinez had microfracture surgery for torn ACL. He's expected to be out for 6-8 months.
except I would be loving it more if I were watching the game :(
Counting Down My Days Of Visibility !
hey lady, I see u called was in the shower, gotta go to work early in the morning, call u when I get off around 3.
My ride on the 6 just now made me nostalgic for Bombay. Whew!
we don't go to the Westside, #gangbangers scare the hell out of us
I remember when RHCP + supermoon was the other side of a tubesock
Looks like the toolbar didn't animate fully out, so it is blocking the regular toolbar. We'll fix it in an update.
HOOPS COMMIT IS IN, conformed with utsa athletics. Update to come....
watching TV with my little bro.
I haven't changed and I'm not turning :P
One more followers then it will be 300 (; we will give a big shoutout to the 300th !! :D.
haha, alive and well. What an eventful day
happy vacation man!
Happy Canada Day!
it was great having you both! Please thank John for coming. We will be announcing a few things soon!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Mentadent Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
Airing a Rally's commercial when Rally's isn't open is not only mean, it also sorta lacks advertising foresight.
I should be more careful with my french tweets, especially if I'm being rude, someone might try to google translate them...
Soo bored someone text me or dm me
Pool tip #2 - cover your pool at night to keep it clean for the morning. Great prices on covers at www.dannapools.net
Maybe I deserve it. I think I do. I haven't been myself for a long time now, and I've done things I didn't even recognize. So okay, karma.
Thanks for the follow!(:
I want to buy Guild Wars 2 already.
"Bring headquarters to ABQ" -Mayor Berry
Dear Seattle, thank you for the lightrail. $4 round trip from downtown to beacon hill - awesome.
the last shot looked liked a lot of constipated librarians.
A bit of healthy fat tells your brain you're full. Eat avocado or nuts before a meal.
My bday in August . Hurry up and get here !
Where's the ☀?
Raining hard this morning... I wasn't expecting that.
there is a Brighton joke in there somewhere and you know it...
SafetySkills is #onlinetraining simplified. Accurate and effective training. Powerful and easy to use.
To create is to leap into the unknown
5 DAYS UNTIL THE FINAL SUNDAY NIGHT COOKOUT! Have you made your reservation yet?
“: Elemental Groove Theory plays #gracepotter after party tonight @ the Sandbar Cincinnati!” sad to miss you guys, but #RageOn !
There's nothing on! :/
we definitely should. We complement each other well.
UFC on FOX 3 live blog: Four-fight main card nearing start - Las Vegas Sun
"I GIVE you more than the usual..."
Nothing like being locked out of your house when you come back from a run. Face. Palm.
#MUSICNEWS Rolling Stone overhauls album ranking, Kanye stars
Yes #Brewers grand salami
Last day of classes tomorrow! #excitement. :D
My parents are the loveliest :)
yup :D
Well my hair is all nice and straight so I am going to sleep soon and I am slackin on the social media stuff D:
thanks Sabrina! Spread the word!
cause his name's Nacho? xD
Going to go to panda express since tomorrow is the end of the world ;)
Oh, shoot. I forgot I was the only one who watched Make It or Break It. -_-
Happy #ww to you too!
Goss: We decide together with communities what priorities are long term and then provide TA.
It's true. It's damn true!
Tweet, tweet. Follow me today
Encouragement for the Day: Go see the
get hyped. is a badd boy
Hi - thanks for the #Happy Hollowine mention! I really like your biz concept and wish you every success!
Most NYC 5th ave. local players would value you building between $34-35 Million. Very tough to rent with a high traffic tenant, the Chabad.
A good woman can make me feel confident, strong, and able to take on the world. Nah fuck ... that's vodka and cocaine... that does that!!!
I didn't have shit last year around this time
Financial advisers that lead with offering retirement savings options are completely out of touch with the realities of the new economy.
I went to the county Democratic convention with my BFF the county judge and for once I was not the most hated women in the room. Good times
SeaGulls appear in late innings to watch Romo and Wilson close it out. Duh John
I wanna open a hands on science museum, then put "dont touch" signs on every display
#ThingsSheNeverToldYou You we're the one I wanted.. Not him
Being the digital proxy is a great deal of responsibility, but he has not found it. ;)
yeah I know. I was having withdrawls too...LOL
is that the one with the MC Hammer song?
and I decided to participate in the Ken. Derby festivities at Anyone have a ridic hat I can borrow??
wine and dine and then buy a car!
Welcome to IU Gunner!!
Dunno about exciting... but its on the radar for one of the next build updates to BIW.
I know. When people ask what our students are doing, I'd very much like them to ask me, very recently a student.
chef boyardee m d:
worst part of school...moving in and out...
And your vote can bring down election stealing mayors!
Aww that's kinda sad shaved but he looks good no matter what he dose he's also super talented :-)
i can deal with that
I missed you!❤ D;
The Breakfast Club is always amazing.
that's what it there for
Even if people think your Not Good enough. GOD Thinks otherwise. You are Special & Your are Loved!!!😊
WARNING! One Nite Stand 04-08-11 is approaching. This is 1 party you don't want to miss. Get on the VIP list. www.onqnites.com
KG is starting to find his groove in this game at the perfect time.
You think you slick ! Lmao
yeah there were probably lots of people trying to sell them for big bucks and if they didn't get will go to game. my guess 15k
PSU's MFA should take some leads from Suzanne Collins. Not in terms of writing, but by making it all end in a fight to the death.
Feeling confident...ran the scene with Jerome yesterday.
Best thing bout watching the pacers game at bankers life: no espn anchors telling how great orlando is.
What a pair! Enjoy you guys!
I concur sir.
I-10 eastbound is crazy screwed stay away!!
President Obama sounds very much like America's concerned & irritated dad.
How many players per team for the dodgeball tourney? Do you want a singles tournament as well for one-on-one action?
Goin to 's house
Thanks V. I know your heart will be here with us.
“: Just watched this week's Greys. Holy shit.” --- I JUST finished it, too! I had to rewind a few times. Ah!! This is crazy!
Guys night in. Benji loves him some
man u got me fucked up man talkin to all these,niggas on this Bitch wtf u though
Passing Waco, headed to Dallas!
Great news all around! Thanks so much for coming in.
do you and partner have pet names for each other ...we want to hear 'em
'Cause it's an hour-long show?
Marty Kaan!! "I didn't fuck you...I was getting even...your daughter is who I fucked"
Stockings and wooden stairs do not mix... Definitely ate shit down Elkes stairs can't stop laughing
it was..... a little thing,! and its fine.!
Sup late nighters?tell yer frands to follow us!thank you<3
My money's on Tebow(and Christ), Dave...:D
sneakin' on tha computer.. i wish i had my fb password i gotta call my momzzzz later. what you been on though big brothaaaa
For the next 1 hour swing by Fluid Coffee Bar and get the deal shown here: Buy A Cup, We'll Donate 10%
Friend Joe Zazzera corrected me for misspelling "biophillia". When twitter gets spell check, & biophillia is a common word- this wont happen
damn I can't wait! I'm still on the first season
Is there footage of this spitting online?
looks solid. Thanks for the intro!
You got 2 know when to hold em, know when 2 fold em, know when 2 walk away, know when to RUN.
That video was amazing. The guy's a pro that makes these videos.
Why do all celebrity iPhone/Siri commercials involve soup?
lol I would slap every old hoe in there
Oh, dude. I'm gonna miss it this week... Zooey, be a love and do another episode next week. I'll watch 'em both
#bizethics You are a new man, D
Last night... You are not my friend right now
Oh La la - Angie Jolie to present at 84th Academy Awards!!
Still Not Quite Enough - I See Stars
You can do it! Don't stop believing!
Hmm, I wonder what that's about? ;) RT : Hunt: #chiefs will assemble art work at arrowhead
Eating in Carmel on our way back to L.A. Adios San Francisco :)))
Writing is utter solitude, the descent into the cold abyss of oneself. - Franz Kafka
My nigga Boosie is set free! Praise GOD
Shah: Strangerhood is a crucial component of democracy and public culture.
Dreams are necessary to life.
praying for you tonight. You #NEVERSAYNEVER and now people will #Believe God is good!
hope they turn out to be healthy lil' ones, against all odds! Faith & God's Mercy helps us all.
I cant wait to get my phone...life is all good..i am very blessed..
Yes. My dad and I still talk about it-- who would place such an ad? And who would call about it?
My gues: PBR RT : Callers dad arrested for stealing a case of beer and slapping clerk.. What kind of beer was it? I'm goin BL..
Got a Gibson bobble head!
No Biggie bro! Help me out to. big ups!
Sound advice. Looking for a follow up with specifics
When you eat a baked potato, be sure to eat the skin too. That is where all the vitamins and minerals are found...yummy!
I think I'm gonna re-read the Percy Jackson books...
Well okay ... As long as you buy me a drink first. ;-) I was pissed until I saw that workaround posted.
Even more so by such a big man.
Musings: Focus on the things you want to have happen. "as you think, so you shall be"
Lost ya in the crowd, but it was sure nice to see you after so long! Your new adventure looks awesome! Hope to see you soon!
I enjoyed your post on Florio today. Thanks.
Great ! I seriously can't wait for this . +Liam knows about all of this :D
Can i just commend for making such good ice cream drumsticks?!? GOOD GOD.
It will rock after I'm done with work!!! :) Happy Mom's Day weekend to you all too!
Im singin "Bitch im paid that's all i gotta say im like who knew"-
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you. <3
Hello mike, hope this finds you well.
Haha, luckily Vegas is rarely below 80 degrees. :P Just be warned, lots of strippers there! Hahaha.
Whoa, cool! Let us know how it is.
A favorite but funny quote from a friend, "It may not be hell, but it sure smells like sulfur."
If one more person 'follows' me that is directing traffic to their porno page, I'm going to drop my twitter account and stick with Google+
Join us today to hear the Four Point Model of Staying Resilient with our guest, Dick Ruhe! Good info we can use in all aspects of our lives!
The Chicago Summit will be the first NATO summit on American soil in 13 years.
i meant bug...
MT ... forward to my trip this month to raise money & recruit vols to win back the gov seat.
I'll pull some strings at Coors and get them to produce it again. Were you ever old enough to legally drink it?
just got done swimming now going to get ice cream at the old mill
- Well said!
Nield envisioning a space "railroad" w published regular launch schedule, "payloads ready or not"
showing why he is my all time favorite player. What I would give to see him return to my #MAVS!
Thanks for the follow...follow back? Promise to keep it real. Dan
hey! Please send me the list for people from #SheCon for the Tech Writing Round Table?
Isn't Bashing Gays FUN!!!!
#WorkSmarterNotHarder RT : “Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.”
I wish songs I write could really bring back special people in my life..
lmao i know
I would really love some 220 b/w in my life right now.
Do you know that our soul is composed of harmony? -Leonardo DaVinci
That movie only gets better from there.
totally unexpected- didn't think I'd see a video of Yakim Noah's thoughts on Fela Kuti on Twitter today! Haha good post.
At Hollywood Theater to watch a found footage, all-dog version of "Holy Mountain." I literally have no idea what that means.
good timing!
Finished the six month Israel Diplomacy Fellowship tonight at the Israeli Embassy in DC w/ Ambassador Michael Oren. Good discussion!
and A. Smith should be trending right now...
Busy night of crashes NB5, SB99 (twice) including right now + Hotel Fire in SnoCo -- Join & the others for rt.now
I ain't been on twitter n ah min
Looks beautiful!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
what happened?!?
good :D
i went in the shop2 get my monroe ytrd bt decided nt 2 mess with my face so now wht should i gett..so confused. i hav to get something!
Good to have Bob Kemp back on the radio today. Hope you are feeling better.
Hello, everyone. How are you today?
Good to hear Krista is keeping fit!
Why does my bed all of a sudden get a million times cozier when the baby wakes up?
RT : Oh, 50 people ‘like’ your bikini picture on Facebook? You must have a wonderful personality.
Well, I guess I'm not including all the impromptu overnights they seem to have. Those should count, yes?
: math major, smash smajor.
HE MAKES ME BLEED REAL GOOD
sir that is the best Mock, outside of mine I have seen to date...well done!
THIS IS JUST SO FUNNY BINDER
Pickup Line: Let's do breakfast tomorrow. Should I call you or nudge you?
no doubt you will!
u deserve it:)) u're a amazing person, I love u so much ♥
Baby you light up my world like nobody else. <3
that's good :) I think the next bobble head 5/15 or 5-13 :) u?
Seriously awesome movie....Muppets! ::maniacal laughter::
Fact: During #sex you burn as many calories as #running for 8 kilometers... BUT Who the hell runs 8 kilometers in 30 seconds?
My cat acts like I was gone 2 weeks instead of 2 days. He hasn't left my side all night. His favorite person was even home with him.
Man this food fucked me up
First Dmitri, now Delmon. Hey Tigers, no more players from the Young family, please.
good morning! I hope you're all well.
I don't know. . . it's starting to feel a helluva lot like yesterday. . .
Today BuyPlayTix takes the first steps towards making managing umbrellaed non-profits trivial. Contact us for info!
Another day spent shaking the hand that feeds me.
Yes!! Proud of you man! Wish I could be there. We're rooting for you from Bmore!
I need to order a chin pan!
#20ThingsAboutMe 11. I have zero piercings. Not even ear piercings. None at all, and I don't want any ever either.
dammit.. thought thats what u said
lemme follow since I been listening to that cream of the planet track every day since it came out.
My laptop is becoming painfully slow, please don't fail me now '07 MacBook
This is getting even MORE interesting! ;)
n Music Meeting Pumpkins “Widow Wake My Mind” ok, didn’t get better happy 4 Billy he’s dating Jessica Simpson Yay for us ugly dudes
thanks for the ticket!
Today's the day ^.^
Today's PSA - inadvertent law breaking counts the same. The I didn't know better defense will always miss. Examples to follow...
the new Gawker site isnt even intuitive! I could at least figure everything out abt the new fb changes right away
my mum is trying to talk me out of getting beats for christmas, apparently they aren't worth the money. my mum doesn't have a clue;) -Sophie
“: Thx for confessing your love for me last night <3 :)” Just speaking the truth 
MAN BEING AA FAMOUS FOOTBALL PLAYER FOR THE CARDINALS SURE DO PAY OFF LOL KEEP UP DA GOOD WORK
Hey I hope all is well out there on the left side. Give some love to that lil P-nut Babe!
Yay! RT: : Good news! All EBSCO resources are back up and working.
'Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.' - Mark Twain.
So nice out ☀☺
What's up Bro
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, an hour, a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside. If you quit, however, it lasts forever..
#ThingsIwantTheMost is to summer to get here faster so I can spend it with my family and friends  only 6 more days
ah. I reread your tweet. Oops :-). It's crazy, isn't it?
Million dollar playa that's how I carry myself and can't no woman have my heart cuz ima marry myself...
haven't signed on here in a while
will you be in Miami tomorrow (: ?
Guess i mean nothing.
follow me ! ♥
Most teenagers take drugs, alcohol & have sex. Honestly, all I want is a fast internet connection.
If Your child doesn’t like milk, some other good sources of calcium incl yogurt, cheese, tofu, salmon, fortified OJ, soy, cereals/breads
Your $10 ticket to will buy a small prize for a child after receiving his/her treatment. #ABQ#cancer Concert July 10
Maybe you should find your own life buddy, do not disturb other ppl.
brus u fake!!!! How u not gonna talk last night..RUDE!!!
I like Gavin!
happy endings, second chances :)
RT : Thank you for your support of the emerging designers, and for giving fashion a home at / +1
Listening to on with on Mile High Sports radio 93.7 talking #Rockies! Tune in now!
I hate when people joning on me like man back off bitch -___-
Watching the walking dead!
They make cable with capsaicin in the sheathing so that squirrels don't chew through it, which is otherwise a problem.
#FF Grade A comedic impressions of Robert DeNiro, Morgan Freeman, as well as a variety of his own unique characters follow
i think my future fell asleep on mee lol .
I love windmills.
not good! take it easy. I need you may 6th!
The VP of marketing & ticket sales just took the mic & chatting her 17 year position w the
skipping the middle man
Sucks for you bro.
Watching some old GG tonight. Ah, I love GG season 3. Chuck/Blair. Nate/Serena. Dan/Vanessa. Perf.
Roger dat. Love u too sis. Gone.
Which begs the question: What time is Submissive Sluts appropriate? 9? Is it an afternoon thing?
Making a low budget movie about a zombie outbreak in a hipster neighborhood. It's called "The Affected."
Yeah, I order an old fashioned for the cherry.
Just signed up.
The #Rangers Josh Hamilton had a historic night yesterday with 4 homeruns in one game. He's the 16th player to ever do that.
You do realize a kid died behind it, right? It's serious.
cheap bridesmaid dresses
that will go perfectly next to our credenza holding the Venetian glassware
Stretching always soothes the soul.
I'm wearing one sock that is green and another one that is pink. Not because I'm wacky, just cos they were clean. Not into socks.
The word of the day is #through. Not in the sense of "I'm through with this," but rather "push #through" & "I can make it #through!"
Thank you so much! :)
I started reading The Walking Dead comics. It's almost sickening how much better it works as a comic than as a show
Thanks Shelly! Likewise to you and yours :) A very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
hate that fat bitch!!! make her life hell tomorrow? yup i think so
get it for me. thanks.
While supplies last, Sabra Classic Hummus is just $1.99, Red Bull and Red Bull Sugar Free are $1.29, and 2 for 1 Red Bull Cola is just $.99!
fo sho...You Only Live Once
From Oz...Curtent weather conditions in ABQ dictate that everyone in the truck change to shorts...expected high of 79
End of weekend mani, forgot how much I love Boris & Natasha
Too bad Paul was an even bigger asshole than you. Everyone will have equal rights 1 day & you'll be remembered as a bigot.
One free app and martini per day, per visitor at bar louie this week
I hate going to Target. I always end up spending more money.
Learned the over-head lasso and corkscrew at my first-ever hoopdancing class. It's just a matter of time b4 I run away with the circus :)
If you continue counting Riggs as a Dem and Huber as a Repub, then 30 counties went Democratic to 42 Republican.
My nephew knows more multiplication than I do.. For those who know how retarted he is, you'd know how sad this is lol.
"There`s only 1 threat to our religious liberties in America and its name is Barack Obama" - The 1st line I heard after turning on Fox News
RT : big shout to all the kids who ask me where im djing evry night when all i do is twitter about where im djing at..
All my followers follow me
meant to say thanks.. how are u today?
RT : There are free spirits, then there are people so disparate I can't believe they have coherent physical forms.
I'd like to live in a world where our teachers are the highest-paid people in the country. /cc
Hodgson hunting top-10 finish
Maybe I should have tweeted about you during the Superbowl. Man I am still butthurt about it...But Ride or Die Patriot Fan 4 Life
And then there's the fact that hardly anybody has used it.
Sometimes you have to make the tough decisions in order to progress in life and in your career. God will watch over you when you make them.
I love that it's these things, not things like having our kids play together...
Enjoying a cool wet morning. Finally rained in Austin!
Watching an all new episode of The Celebrity Apprentice. 2 people are getting fired tonight. Will be interesting to see who it will be.
please tell me i'm not the only one that listens to Ashlee Simpson, and pretends i'm in a music video....
It's also Hug an Eagle Scout Day. :)
Don't forget about the awkward "handshake" between Luis Suarez and Patrice Evra from earlier this season
": Make a difference, don't b a statistic..."
I'm new in twitter!
did you get yur chocolate milk today??? Lol
There really is no point to even coming to this class.
If you aren't here at CHM it will be broadcast on KQED June 8 @ 8pm
darn sister
Extreme Fitness yo
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." -African proverb, via
"I got a bad feeling about this." No not really, ha. May the Fourth Be With You!!! Happy Star Wars day everyone!
Joined twitter I'm a total morning person now, LOL. I get up at 5am every day, haha. Sometimes earlier. :P
my hair lol
Industry night! Sunday Circus! $3 drinks! playing the jams! #firestonedistrict 2Night!
HIT MY DOG! HIT MY GIRLFRIEND! HIT MY WIFE!!
RT : "You big Mr. Bossy Pants, government man!" -- Mitch Daniels
souk has the most random hours of any place on h street.
only if we're staying somewhere warm.
you'll never get rid of me
"GNOC" look innocent? If you find that on your daughters phone or IM you should be upset. It means "Get Naked On Cam."
Well hay Nashville
Follow her shes a true Directioner and my buddy :)
: more dub than step on this one ---> xD everyone is making dubstep now and it's great!
hosting a wine toss at the Terrace Club. Get a chance to bring home a bottle of wine w/ your lucky necklace!
Today I'm dressing like I'm from the 70s and there's not a damn thing anyone can do about it
We're excited too!!
Ok u want me locked up in a cage...well don't be mad when I come out in beast mode 👿👿
if you loved me, you would take the dog out.
What classes are USC students most excited about? Learn from students past & present about their most unforgettable experiences!
I thought it was really long...love that !
Check out
So happy to be back in Az after a great vacation in Oregon. Ready to get back to work!
you're fast! thanks! you'll be hearing from me in mere minutes!
Charity sees the need, not the cause. German Proverb
oh my! Forgot to tweet you.... HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! :)
Now its the baking. :/ LMAO!
Senator, great job at last night's town hall meeting! Thanks for bring much needed insight to property insurance issue.
Justin's shirtless photoshoot thoo <3.<3 ay padre! Even tho you can see his tan ! Lmfaoo!!! His lower waist is lighter then the rest of him!
Scientifically speaking, if Christmas comes early its called "premature esantalation"
Im sry! I cnt help it! My life sux soo bad! I have no friends and hate being in a relationship! And don't wanna be in one!
RT : RT : #ciscops12 says the Cisco Cloud Connect Solution will launch at CiscoLive in June....
HAHA LOSER WE'LL NEVER BE FRIENDS
Charlie about Anthony Davis: "That guy has weird eyebrows. He's tall too. I bet he can dunk."
Two IHS Press books--"Fair Culture" and "And Know This Place: Poetry of Indiana" finalists in annual Benjamin Franklin Award competition.
Very nice Chanatip! (But I think that you should come to the US and work on that doctorate)!
knowledege is good, but a vast difference stands between "knowledge (having the facts) and "wisdom" (applying those facts to life)
If you look at the video in real time it was an accidental contact. Harden didn't say anything to RA. Ppl are crazy
Beautiful Friday. Thank god it's the freakin' weekend baby!!
Sign up for Getting Started on the Internet at Centre Branch Library on February 9th at 6pm. Call 251-3700 for more information.
AUSTIN I'M DANCING TO YOUR SONG #SAYSOMETHIN LIKE A FREAK IN FRONT OF MY PARENT'S FRIENDS
would you like me to send you a copy so you dont have to buy it? not. buy it. i wouldnt hand you a gun to shoot yourself.
Ah, chill haha.
Hi, you're cute.
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
it's wrong -_-.
Migrated to Microsoft Outlook. Goodbye Lotus Notes, can't say I'll miss you.
Not a fan of any Big East teams, but the tourney is always exciting
Ugh...why do my Chrome extensions keep disappearing??? Anyone else experiencing this particular (and annoying!) issue??
Great conference. Thanks you carry the progressive flag well.
wait, Greg Jennings threw the first pitch at the Tigers game today? I know he went to Western and he's from MI, but REALLY?
- Not repeating the mistakes of 'wise' men of the past that brought a physical presence to the world and failed miserably.
What kind of pizza do you like?
LISTEN and SILENT are spelled the same.
Your lipstick stains, on the front lobe of my left side brains, I knew I wouldn’t forget ya, and so I went and let you blow my mind.
I love B day mornings. Drumline first period, SRT second, team sports third.
..Trying to stand GRAND the best i can, but it's not really working out. :(
Searched GMail for "Meeting Scheduled by Tungle" 170 results. That's 170 email threads happily avoided! cc:
what are yiu doing there?!
he is Lidge's set up man, but is the closer since Lidge got hurt. What did he do?
Catnip laced matzoh?
thanks my friend have fun
20 mins later locked out of the class .. because i clearly offended her .....
If this really happens, could you please have a casual meet-up for all your PDX fans?
Yay! I hope one of those is mine!
loving the basketball quotes!
My minds playing tricks on me!
me either :'( I truly did love him
about time...lol :)
Done and liked. RT Afternoon reminder to check the Facebook page!
RT “: How to be followed by me: 1) RT this tweet 2) FOLLOW ME 3) FOLLOW ”
manager's getting it towed!
yeah i think it starts at 5 but i think they wanted us there at 4. Im not even sure where to go once im there.
Heat down 10 that quick
Can't wait til I am doing the same!
are you at crme11? If so let's meet up
Don't live a life full of plans. Sometimes, the best moments happen when unplanned...
we're on our way!
Doing my taxes....please do not mention Obama for next four hours...
Sounds great! I would love to connect you with Rob Lee in our office.
I try not to have anything to do with my ex's but they ALWAYS find a way to get back in contact with me..... 0_o dannggg!!
Pretty sure I have a concussion
#NPCLunch not asking questions of relevance of TSA Chief John Pistole. Not sure why I expected any more from NPC
check ya email
I have that pic on my pandigital and it just makes me smile
Smells of
": You coming to the thing tonight? -"I wasn't invited." #AWKWARD"lol my bad. I wont ask again
Representing Yapstar gangsta rap in my hipster hood Willy B.
Hey thanks for the follow! too!
is working on some new tunes #staytuned ;)
Hey We Follow You! >
Does Blake Griffen have enough left in the tank for game 7?
for the Devils, Petr Sykora is the answer.
Have testing in about an hour
To anyone thinking about stealing all my valubles and ransacking my room...sorry too late that already happened today
high ten if I can humiliate myself for your pleasur
Follow me on Twitter for updates and discounts!!! ;))
Thanks for the kind mentions!
I freaking need to try Nutella!
RT : Happy Friday! ...Amen to that!
my 3 yr old is the cutest thing on the planet rht now, realizing its this moment that will make 4give her in 13 yrs when she crashes our car
Solid Game 11 and 5! when we gonna see the first double double! im feeling it soon
aw i wish i could come to your show in LA i've been wanting to visit california ever since i was little! haha
Hey I don't have a problem with Secret Service getting theres in Columbia. I don't have a problem with any person who servers getting theres
shot a feature on Old School Grill North! See it on KVUE :45AM, & 11:45AM . Mention this and receive 5% off your meal!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2 ,
haha but at least when i do get in i do something.
I wonder if Arthur the aardvark discovered hardcore and is now the frontman of the aardvark version of Hatebreed?
thx for the love!!! TDJ is free 4EVER but u can always support us by hitting the donate button or just spreading the word ;) <3
Director of Smithsonian's American Indian museum speaks to UNC-Pembroke graduates - Fayetteville Observer
S/O to She's pretty funny! Follow her and enjoy. :)
brandy norwoods finest role
It was really good, very beautiful to watch. It was actually better than I expected.
RT : A2: Perception is everything--it determines whether or not you will be successful
#FiftyShadesFreed was so good...i'm ready it a second time to make sure I get every juice detail !!!!
I'm feeling more and more fucked by the day, honestly.
Why hello!
RT : Great Mag wish i would have won Love you guys!! thanks for a great party
Wow is buying #Motorola Mobility for its patent holdings! #Facepalm Looks like Mark Cuban was right about patent litigation.
If a Midget Lady Had Strawberries On her Vagina Would She Be Considered a Strawberry Short Cake?
hopefully don't mix the two together! Yuck.
When did things start to change so much?
another little #Hawkeye on the way, congrats!
that awkward moment when you get on facebook to see like a million notifications from ........
Congrats to the #KentuckyWildcats moving on the championship game. They should win it all.
Happy mother's day to the only woman in the world who's seen me naked and crying, Love you!
"this is gonna be a good episode" -regina, beginning her issue of the new yorker
#Tigers lead 6-1. The natives are getting restless.
< Getting his work done on MSNBC tonight! I am engaged and with you! Say it!
lol It was good. Spent the night watchin' movies with my hubs and kiddo. How was yours? =)
I just love it when I'm on a business trip and a migraine decides to come with me, cleverly packed in my luggage. G'night, folks.
You guys are awesome.
Which celebrity death was the first to really impact you? Kurt Cobain and Aaliyah for me. Morbid? Yes.
Oatmeal w coconut milk will pack some weight on quick.
In relationships you're gonna fight & argue but before the day ends just try to fix the problem & let it be known you love each other.””
do it! you need to sign up for a waiting list, then they send you the official invite
Start up a Roit
A big HAPPY 30 something birthday to my favorite bro-in-law...on Kevin's side! RT : Happy Birthday.
I didn't like bridesmaids. there I said it. who's with me?
Will do! AHEM, friends at , could you print a few more of my stamps for my pal ? kthnxbai ;)
Home after seeing all of the moms in my family. Moms need to change the world.
400 mph 2 million dollar car..I'm gonna get it one day
next month
a lot of pain but dealing.
I wanna learn how to edit videos (:
last time I checked!!
Being in the ER yesterday gave me time to think about a few people and the direction my life is going in.
Okay im done for awhile
Dang. Went on a quick lil morning rant, and lost a follower.. lol. Burr
Nuttin but Love..and Keep Rockin' Everyone!!
The official launch has been pushed back. I think I was a bit over eager anyways. I want to do it right from the get go.
when are we going?
haha! You're not anal...more like considerate! Hahaha ;)
This isn't the first time I've followed you home.
#simixchat Several #LIS schools offer whole course on LIS Ethics too..seek them out
a white bitch u gone get the fuk cussed out blak power I hate whites lik u u ugly and ignerant burn in hell or go get a tan
I just get on the type & twit & weither u like 2 admitt it, I just twit it better than half of these other twitters out there*.
"summer after high school when we first met we make out in your mustang to radio head and on my eighteenth birthday we got matching tattoos"
Have a great Friday!! RT : #followfriday follow them you won't be disappointed
you've met them so many times!
Thats GREAT! I thought accounting, then QUICKLY realized, HELL NO. Lol I want to get my Masters in Public Affairs as well
nope, youre a big dude as well, its tough for the guy... i know alot of people say yes, but it aint right. god made him 6'4
I cant believe you made me watch Saving Private Ryan, and Pearl Harbor, 2 sad movies, and they are both bout war... really? still <3 u tho!
I bet she had too many alcoholic fruity smoothie drinks!
HANNA Winery & Vineyards
Is is true that if you give John Travolta a massage he tries to give YOU a happy ending?
Thank you!
It seems odd to me that getting up before 6:00 am doesn't even phase me anymore. I should be exhausted & grumpy but I'm not at all.
Excited to see perform with Lou Schreiber tonight at -- if you're in the greensburg area do yourself a favor
volunteers are on the scene helping; will provide (tbd) needs like replacement food, clothing and shelter.
NOW MY CHANCE IS THERE !! PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! I LOVE YOU
what yall playing can I play ? :)
It's the degree of petti-ness that drives me up the wall. 5p for jam on toast? I mean, really? For gods sake..
We're following back now so tell everyone to also celebrate THE M!
work is never done.....but why does that matter cuz I LIVE IN CALIFORNIA!! lmao!! =)
aww hope u feel better boo
RT if u like horror movies
Everyone is kissing me on the cheek to day goodbye, forgot this is normal in south florida
Indiana rained out our bridals today and left the location a mud pit. Time for #product #photography instead!
The EWCA rules in Ajinomoto Sweeteners case involving the single meaning rule in defamation and malicious falsehood: [2010] EWCA Civ 609.
Overthinking destroys you.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
oh darlin', you don't even know.
A lot of my followers are strangers anyways .
Why won't #HappyEasterAustin trend?!
Hours for work look shitty
#sexualcultures uses The Kids Are Alright to question the valuation of longevity: what models are there other than permanence?
S/O to !! I don't know you but you seem cool ! #Follow or have sex with a chainsaw
ha ha ha ha!
I just sent you an email with some info about us, I think you'll be into it!
Not Bad. But I can here it now..."bad call ref, bad call" when gets home! lol
Abeachdude Orlando The new Deal of The Day mark Lazy Days Bag
Oh you can...i just don't like your choices! And maybe he could try one on his own
Hello Football Coaches... lets chat about getting you a FREE Pass this year... message me for more info!
Tonight 7-10pm, Tune in to 99.9 The Buzz in Peoria, Illinois (or go their webpage (if you live outside Ill) to hear the new AGR interview.
I finally gave in got a CleanMyMac license...it cleared up 10 GB space! woot!
damn I would too got goo on deck right now
De nada. Have a good weekend!
I feel you lady, I have concluded that spirituality is linked to God and religion is linked to man.
Jay-Z. I like your style - what kinda music do you like?
I did kinda blush! But held my ground! If you only knew, said with a wink!! Here's hoping you and your have a great summer! 
lol. What have you been drinking tonight?
what an excellent post!
Can't wait to hear what is singing tonight!! She's gonna do amazing!! :)
O. RT : I should change my bio to "the official page for Gilbertastic"
my dad always makes me take care of his shop cuz i dont have a bf to spend time with like my sisters do.
This Sour got me feeln sweet.
I miss Willy :(
I'm so glad the OS in the engine computer of my '95 dodge pickup runs so much more reliably than Windows. And it starts faster too!
I'm already thinking about suits. LOL
LOOK LIKE ITS GONNA BE A TORNADO OUT THIS BEIOTCH!
I''l tweet ya latr bbe i need a nap bye :)
Oh lawd, 1D is selling tickets more than a year in advance for their 2013 World Tour. I guess I know where my tax return is going towards.
What I do in Math class.....
Hey!!!! how the band coming?
Is it sad that I sort of get really giddy when a movie I've been wanting to see pops up on #Netflix?
Send more ice, ACK?
We have a few complimentary passes available for Boulder Group clients to the Interface Net Lease Conference in New York next week.
Can the power outage be over so I can finally leave school and enjoy my sweet beach house?
love your captain America bat!! When ate u gonna use it again??
You ever just want to stand up in the middle of a meeting and say f*&k it?!? And I am loving the new Nickelback Burn it Down!
Just why does Anthem Blue Cross require Adobe Reader on my Mac to download forms, and why do they use an ActiveX control to check?!?!?!
nice! when is/was the concert?
_ I Never Say Bye To My Family , I always Say See You Later , Cause You never know If That Person's Night Goin To End : / That Day
: Feel better soon Sen. Williams!
yo, any more folks get on board for the opener?
SAT in DC 21+ FREE till 11 at TEATRO 1909 K St. NW email w/ FULL NAME & Teatro as Subject
RT : Thanks for the gift card guys! Time to do some holiday shopping for myself. Maybe a couple bottles??
You live in Bemmel, you got 1 brother called: Lars, your in school in Nijmegen(smart girl). You have friends: Laura, Inez
hahaha it was so creepy and awkward and awesome I even went for a round 2 when I was walking out! 👋😁
Melvin Johnson shoots a desperation 3, tried to draw the foul, came up empty....
Yikes! #ISEA2012 applications are due in 48 hours and the website has been down since ... since I don't know when
Are you planning on going abroad in 2012? If so, where?
GA...kinda in the middle...
“: 7 Keys to a great relationship: friendship,love, freedom, honesty, trust, understanding, and communication.”
Recall that in the video he refers to the *novel* as the instance of her arguing for morality of capitalism.
It time to make some changes!!!
Nope. That's why Perry's still there. Newt just likes talking in front of large audiences.
Completely worn out today but I gotta keep plugging away! Good things come to those who go for it!
sounds good to me
I still owe you photos, btw, w/yr award! Just been a bit busy, will deliver, promised!
Too much stress literally causes the human brain to freeze and shut down temporarily.
Let me be the one you need and more.
My daughter is enjoying her first year at Liberty University. An absolutely awesome person at an absolutely awesome school!!
Eyes heavy looking like I'm high as hell
that sucks :o after I have 5 snowdays then we have to start making them up in the summer xP
Vander Blue sounds like a paint color.
Lucky Florida girl! Hope that you had a great time at the beach! : )
well I think its might be time to head to bed
Do musty people smell that?
Faith makes things possible, not easy!
Amazing! You've got some talent. Thanks for sharing this.
Yes. Hope they can hold on to take the league.
TY for the Shout Out! RT : #FOLLOW for great social media info!
Good morning
Shirley Samuels: Feminist questions: Who's left standing at the end of a work? And who are they with?
hey follow back plz
Jelena left about an hour ago. Tierdd thouu. finally bed soon :P
Hello #Abq! My website & Twitter account is officially up & running! If you hate ironing, then I'm your girl! Free gift to next 5 customers.
WE DONT TICKETS
I may be getting too old to drink in bars for 6-7 hours. East Village kicked our behinds tonight.
What's goin down ?
Up early this morning for a run. I need to hit up the bookstore when I'm done so I can get a few loads in me.
I am so sleepy but hustlers don't sleep...up hand sewing my next creation for
be careful!
We need to hear a good story from this weekend. GO!
Come up to Austin for the USGP and we can watch the race live.
Your the key to my happiness
It's a scar I bare with a smile. Badge of honor.
When life deals you a bad hand...try to make the best of it.....You won't break me down
RT : The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just go to find the ones worth suffering for. ~Bob Marley
Black Levi silver tab jeans,black l.a kings with the matching Kings starter jacket and hat with a pair of black dopeman nikes#1990 swag
■Attitude is free; ■Desire costs nothing; ■Passion has no price tag; ■You pay zero for Commitment.
Come to make a show In Canada :) !! Or i can't to yout show :(
ALSO changed twitter username to for professional reasons.
Ikr haha!! And hey I have a question
Resolves that those who esteem preston sturges yet think the lady eve is his worst will get an extra tight scarf tightening
Dont lose your morals and self respect just to fit in.
Bed, Surgery in the morning!
Ready or Not! Microsoft Windows 8 is on the way. We'll finally get a Release Preview in early June!
“: I suffer from extreme work-A-holism. Wow..there ya go..people I admitted it! Phew!” My name is Amber & I'm a work-a-holic, LOL!
The best part of the #SuperBowl was definitely the
it's the best ski resort in north America and has the lightest, deepest powder in the world. Over 65 feet of snow this year!
No idea, but it looks out of control. Does it play/sound good!?
Krang call-back!
i am so hungery and in cooking class grrrr!
Why do I love so much ?
Halo Reach on
hey how's it going not so nice weather we r having
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have. Make the Now the primary focus of your life. ~ Eckhart Tolle
Desperate need of a manicure. and no time to do it this weekend. So bored at work too. Could be getting nails done now....
I fear it is.
It's astounding to me how many Boston radio/TV personalities hate talking NBA/Celtics. Don't have to like them but still...
yes! agreed! very epic!! lol!! my hubby wants a jeep, that will more than likely be our next purchase.... :)
When u spend more than u make, u start cutting back? When U.S. spends more than it takes in, it keeps spending.
Going to be pouring some Bromigo around 7 for their amazing art exhibit by Emily Burke. Come on down.
Over under on how many cavities I have ?!? Lol“
the actual awards dinner is in June. I'll see if we can get 's trademark pose on film then.
Who wants to host a MONSTER Halloween Party??? Me me me!!
Happy Easter y'all :)
it does make a good wife.
Her bone structure screams, "touch her, touch her!" And she's got the curse of curves.
is my inspiration.<3
I really need to hit up Lucky's! Since im never home, i need food in my own slab!
It's about time woman......... Now I can get my day started
I guess ill get on twitter more....
Oh my, the media tech teacher is gorgeous!! How have I never seen him?!? :o
Aaron is amazing!
my bad.
Played at #troubadour last night and were incredible! Still thinking about it.
Ah, but the Phillies own him (6.22 ERA vs PHI in 14GS) think about that for a while...
Honey cocaine bitch!
Hopefully makes me some Thai tea in the morning
Any time I'm on nba.com there is a video playing somewhere. Very annoying.
no its me i just got a rumor msg about me
Terminator 2: Judgment Day of the Triffids
That's already what History does....
Yep, I'm also seeing third party sites that provide cover images - reminds me of myspace backgrounds/themes.
Starting my morning with some #heartofthecity and #knockedmeout :)
aha I did say that didn't I ;)
No. 28 pick in the #NFLDraft, the Green Bay #Packers select #USC LB Nick Perry
Yikes-- no wonder parking is so bad everywhere. Forgot about the Spring Breaker's.
Just added 2 da July16 Red Carpet Release Party @ Club Mandees Tiara Marie! This eis gonna be a Epic Event Trust me Don't miss This! Rt
DOESN'T MATTER IT'S STILL PITTSBURGH
Going to see the Titanic with !
I had forgotten. So Bartman basically had nothing to do with the Cubs collapse. The Cubs blew that one there own. I Feel bad for Bartman.
VA Delegate Ed Scott welcomed annual Legislative Trail Ride weekend to Madison County. Several House, Senate and McDonnell officials here.
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Hugo's Restaurant - American (live updates)
hey there Shanley! I'll be there in June. I dont get to be there as much as I would like.
There's no need to decide a game on something like that. Iguodala sold it well too.
BROOK GO TO LA<3
Harry Potter likes Tragedy Called Truth....YOU SHOULD TOO....Join us....tragedycalledtruth.com
Friday Free Day is happening today 3:30-5! Last one of January!
I want to play basketball w/strangers, shoot an air ball 10 straight times down the floor, then yell "My bad guys, just doing a heat Check."
Yes, time to get this state moving forward.
RT : The Who are so damn old they got oxygen tanks next to their instruments.
My biggest attribute will be my greatest downfall....
I just want you to be happy. I believe in all your dreams. You have an angelic smile
“: Fatal Accident Inqury concluded death of footballer Gordon Lennon caused by electrocution after off-road car crash -
Boring ass weekend like always because she doesn't let us go anywhere -__-
Good night until these girls ate our pizza and left wow People these days.
I wish I was in Scotland right now.
Happy Birthday Miranda! I remember watching you on Drake and Josh when you were 9! Now you're 19! It's insane! :]
New blog post kiddos! meghanjoyyoga.com
how many co-owners are there ? ( here )
I'm playing a show with them Monday! It's a disney band haha.
tx! RT : ...don't know if that email I just sent went through. But I dig yr website. The good taste is evident.
Snow in #pittsburgh got me thinking about bluegrass, sun,
"I forget a lot of things... but I don't forget much baseball."
We're looking for an artist to hang their work today or tomorrow. Please email portfolios to boilerrroomrj
thank you! :)
Walking the chubby dog be back in ten
Thanks Jon. Nice pick up in USA Today.
It's much too busy to be a Friday!
Oh, I'm always down. I say we get together and reminisce on the festival gyros of yore, and soon.
It. Was. Outstanding.
What a mistake 😷
Today will be a productive day! I will finish my paper! I will finish my instructional video! I will start another paper....
Just follow instructions www.rileysfortune.com and submit your creative ideas!! If you need help just let me know! =D
I got a new fire track for yall.
"Wow, that person looks good in their avi." ::clicks to zoom:: "...Dear god."
don't forget the Jaffa cakes
that's exactly how I feel. Its rather depressing. So many people out there already doing a better job. Why bother? :(
Got the new spot :D now I have to pack -_____-
is already playing now (DGpy5-jt)
NY's hottest club is Cucumber...Club owner that kid from Two & a Half Men has gone all out...(cont)
She leaves Sunday :(
That niches need to use community to build audience, and vice versa! The art is old but the books aren't.
I loved that movie.
those guys are always hanging out in the park w/their snazzy outfits. So well-behaved too.
Its about to be a long day
Excited.... Headed to L.A now!!
Your lil bro's cute, so I can see why. :))))
just did
That's why I prefer to let things pile up as PDFs--doesn't look so overwhelming then!
I'm either going to go insane waiting for the fifth season of Breaking Bad, or start my own meth lab to enact Season 5 myself.
Tonight: Cinco de Mayo. Thunder Watch Party. 5th Anniversary Party. Live Music with & Be There!!
No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz this better fucking trend or ill go apeshit!!
Thanks for the RT
Ugh..another grey and dreary day..no 1's going to come out to play.
": overall how good or bad was the Ravens draft?" There is absolutely NO way 2 tell until Sept. Solid "on paper"
just called my wife "Holy Spirit Jr."--- Hilarious! Good talking to you man. Thanks for showing some love bro.
we're playing our first show in May in DC! Come out and say hi.
"I'm a great artist. I'm going to be an artist when I grow up." - Anna (4)
Sure! Come work with me instead!
Need to unleash some incredible hulk aggression on a punching bag
Thank you so much for the RT!
What a great sunday funday!! Our only dilemma is which game to put on the sound for lol.
Thanks for the RT's! Happy Mother's Day.
Awh my followers love me (:
Holler if you find yourself near Union Square with time for a coffee break. I tend to bring free books to friends these days.
LOL still man why you gotta hate
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin-
Our site is taking a bit longer than first expected, but it's coming along really well now and we're excited to be able to launch it soon!
“: 3 packed buses touring with :hive Jeanette Pierce is awesome!”-->Woo hoo!
RT : Mindfulness Rituals: 9 For Making Your Day Better - Global One TV: A Blog for Mystics - by Eric Allen Bell -...
Damn we're actually a bunch of attractive Oregon kids.
That would be hard to do for me without calculator or pen and paper. How can you do it in your head?
OH: "my agro cat reader won't open"
What grade are you in?
lol the virgin Mary.
When a directionater denies being a directionater and then dusnt know why I scream at the sight of a spoon -_-
what is it going to be??
Home from the gym. (:
Blowing kisses at on the interstate. >
Announcing as the primary sponsor for Thanks to the crew for being awesome & making possible!
I've used Dawn for...forever...& their new Power Clean is bad ass, but this Palmolive cleaned a nasty pan pretty quickly.
Two of my favorite words in Norwegian are "ikke/ikkje" and "prøvde". What are yours?
down to the wire! Vote on 26-125. Our libraries are a last bastion of intellectual freedom and exploration.
Check out my YouTube!!! W.youtube.com/amberrrcooperrr
Heading to 's Dec 8th social, and economic alliance's meeting Thursday. So much happenin', hard to choose.
Check out our newest #blog posts featuring a week 2 update and our weekend trip to #Auburn! crzroadtrip.blogspot.com
A last huzzah for my pal , fearsome media reporter but truly a sportswriter poet. and are so lucky!
The way u feel right now is eating me alive
Update: Please also check DirJournal’s list of Best Quotes About Life
it's VERY addicting - I kept seeing and posting them
Am I invited? RT : Haha! RT : Thinking about ditching work and having a pool party!
Missed you this weekend- but see you soon at the #sperrywedding engagement party!
Waiting for my first bundle
being told I look "phenomenal" >> makes my night (: thanks sweetie<3
Dear cute stranger, please do not smile and wish me a good night while we cross paths as you walk towards your car with another woman in it.
WE NOW HAVE FUNNELS,,, YES THAT'S RIGHT FUNNELS
Let's set up a google form & do preso about how procrastinators are most creative.
that's what I'm talkin boutRT : You Only Live Once That's The Motto Ninja YOLO !!! - Drizzy
content is about generating broader awareness, and lead generation is but one of the values
Twitter isn't what it use to be
#WhatHurtsTheMost is when you are barefoot and step on a Lego brick.
I always figured you for a coffee drinker
Everyone Have A Blessed, And Prosperous Day. 🙏🙏🙏
what is sleep
Model #1: Protected carve-in. Mental Health Services would be administered by MCOs in HealthChoice along with medical care and addiction tx.
home sweet home!
Really one of those proud moments, it was awesome!
Ah, but you beat me to it on Facebook...
RT "Remember, we were born to shine..To squeeze every ounce of creativity, inspiration and joy out every moment we live."
Tell me who you got in the Thunder-Mavs series.
weirdo. haha is it bad that i kinda like that song
Texas Whirl Winds make a run. Cut the lead to 73 to 62 but Kings still up with 5 left in 3rd.
And a fiery #FF to -- if anyone can change the world, it's her.
Maybe I need a phycologist cause shit can b insane
A House In Bali opened last night and rocks again tonight at the cutler majestic theater in Boston...
Freaking gearing UP for tomorrow in Milwaukee!! I can't even contain myself!
Hubs and I working in the theatre together for the first time ever and I couldn't be more thrilled!
Out here on the perimeter there are no stars. Out here we is stoned. Immaculate
#chicultural2012 Planning Process Step 2: Nhood Cultural Conversations Goal: Delve deeper. Understand potential for nhood cultural vitality
#jrcls Church likely doesn't have a stand on border issues, they care about how we treat each other. - Cynthia Lange
im going to show at NYC sunday!!!! who else is coming???
no. not happening lol
I'm glad Kim won #Survivor. She played the best game by far.
Peyer parole denied. Details coming soon...
THANKS FOR THE PRAYERS HE IS SLEEPING NOW TREATMENT EVERY TWO HOURS HE HATES IT WE JUST WANT HIM BETTER AND HOME
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. ~Abraham Lincoln
acting classes sunday <33
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage. - Ambrose Bierce
"The more I am the less I know."
": BOUT TA GET HARD COPYZ<~Needem NOW"
We take this way too seriously.
We're excited to visit the Bridge Meadows multigenerational community for #foster and kinship care in PDX tomorrow.
#resume #tips Decide the company you want to work for, and meddle on LinkedIn with that company's name and see current employees. Connect.
Time to start looking for a new gig. Any suggestions? Lol
Gold. RT Must have been Tuesday night on PAD when Ivey said he had over 100 Million that the DOJ decided enough was enough.
Just be yourself and let the inner charisma do the work
thanks so much for all your hard work!
We gotta thank for pressing this record w/ us. Can't wait till you hold and listen to this!
Atl Biz Chron's book of lists (Top 15 Builders), DR Horton #1 w/ 648 Homes sold. NO ONE OUTSIDE OF THE TOP 10 SOLD MORE THAN 50 HOMES 2K11.
Overheard in Lobby- "I forgot my belt and have a presentation in 40min. Can I borrow yours? I'm a size 34."
Ludovic Bource wins The Oscar for best original score "the artist"
Good Morning you..... never enough good morning greetings IMO
Metta World Peace gets a 7 game suspension by the #NBA. Any more & he wouldve cursed David Stern & the world & returned as Magneto Darkseid.
Hope you get to go!
As New Orleans businesses, industries, and educational institutions grow, their amounts of documentation increase. ScribeModerne can help!
so should I expect another phone call tonight? Haha
hahaha really? yeah buddy :)
#fact Directv has packages starting as low as $29.99 a month!
Things are just getting to me
Anybody know of a cheap ATL spot for & I to script for a few months? Needs to be quiet, small and boring.
Hey clown! *shoots bird* RT : Hey Celine...~waves~lol
« I'm a woman who does not smoke or drink!»..... -___- lies
Love it! I literally just downloaded it this morning.
I really think should come to my school and teach the boys how to act like gentleman and how to dress! And not be so rude!
he just got on the train at Baltimore Penn and went to the front of the front car (maybe rode with the driver?) til DC
Aye that Halo 4 comes out 11/6 do, the brothers gonna be ballin online wit me online?
#DFWC , good times
<<<-": #Haitianmen don't steal they rather work for their shit...."
Damon's arm is awful.
I have officially named my remote control "Waldo"
I just get so pissed and hurt. I have feelings. I only look strong on the outside.
You should know, they don't airlift brown people. They might pay for a cab to UNM ER.
Let us know what type of Phone, and where it crashes and we can assist you! Please email
good morning to my followers
can't wait for the new season of single ladies ^.^
: Hey good lookin' ===> Having such a good day. I'm making money, y'all.
I try to be a good older sister and give my little brothers the best advice so they won't get hurt by girls in life, but they never listen
Saying swag in every tweet makes you look like a bro/douchebag.
B stole my thunder, I was going to say Hill or Randle too...
All girls are flirts, But some are restrained by shyness,and others by sense
Lol white chicks is funny af
it's better that way more for me, lol
ok, I'll be around.
Sweet Dreams :)
hahaha you guys would mention him, now he might read this :P
We had a wonderful time at the gala. Thanks again!
Sean Kelly of The Samples playing live sat. Nov 27th!
Wtf is up with pawn/antique shows takin over reality tv? America is turnin into a buncha trash diggin fags!
CJ Watson/John Lucas combined for 27 points and 7 assists with just 2 turnovers. They were annihilated on defense though. Bulls will be fine
NEVER gonna be TRUE Mahomies like us ;) <3
Would love to connect. We were just at lunch discussing next tweetup! Cheers!
Yes! The cherry blossom festival started this week, so Eric's taking me out to dinner & we'll go see the pretty trees! :)
I <3 taco Tuesday :)
we all want nothing more than your love, peace and happiness. In whatever form you seek and find it. Love always and forever.
“: what's hood ???”good today
Happy Monday Afternoon! How was everyone's weekend?
Lamest fucking #nye, makes me question EVERYTHING and EVERYBODY.
Well hopefully Ulta Beauty's new locations! How do you find out about these new business before everyon else??
I'm really liking the new season of punkd.
Your amazing !! :D & I LOVE how you stay true to your fans ! (: xx
Thank you! I have so much fun working on the show.
why did she pick stefan its just gonna be like season 1 and 2 so boring she should of picked damon but i still have hope
Real or Fake it doesn't matter. Marv Albert has great hair for an old guy.
If ND joined the ACC today, who would be the 16th team: UConn or Rutgers?
did you know that after 6 years your new car is required a smog check up by the boards of the DMV in California
Good D!!
I wanna go back to sleep
now I'm stuck at school ALONE for like a half an hour.
Me too! I had to redesign a portion of the garden & I need to buy some shrubs. It's a lot of work, but it will be worth it.
oh OK! they still can't have reunion without him. just like new edition without bobby
Why do the weird things always happen in the doctor's office?
Lolol. Right! I can't be bothered with it though.
Lol... So true! “: Yes we got that! RT : But we have Miss America!"
Your objective is one step to reaching your overall goal
where there tickets at the door ?
Yup, shot the whole thing on that puppy
I officially HATE moving.......
you do know that was a rhetorical question right?
Texas! You've been patient, and we're ecstatic to tell you we're loading a truck this week and it's headed to Austin.
why not help everyday people get rid of old diamonds/memories by paying them fairly?
Sorry to hear you're "not in the spirit" yet. But buying a house is a darn good Xmas present to yourself!
Can't wait to see next week!!!!
It's hella hot in wyoming
We would like to thank eventures - corporate event productions for providing us with the wonderful table at the okBride Bridal show.
1 hour til Dinner break. Should have grabbed pizza on my last break. 60 left. Top 18 pay. A little below avg
Right here! Working on We are at #Pittsburgh #PGH at #3RFFest!
Learned a lot from other people today. Learning is always good.
All the time he's boxing, he's thinking. All the time he was thinking, I was hitting him. Jack Dempsey
Well, today is Sunday, a day of rest... unless you got things to do... if so... poor baby!
thanks courtney you so Awsome !!!!!! #Fisk go Courtney were so proud of you !!!!!!
#BEATit like some
haha I had a little suspion u two would ;)
Kiss her like its the last kiss you'll ever experience.
What's film?
" Linking all of these social media is what makes a success for your marketing strategy." A Lean Marketing Revolution: (Kindle Location 392)
don't know if it helps,but the issue exists for me on the website too.i hit go, it doesn't load.refresh fixes it till i'm inactive
sad statement that in 2012 women still can't be knowledgeable about sports
I was on my phone, but I dunno yet
would you change something about yourself that made you happy...in order to make someone else happy?
I'll beat the beat up up up up up up up I'll beat the beat up up up up up up up
Bryan Yates is back and ready to go. Adult Jazz/Funk tonight @ 8pm. Come dance, sweat and LIVE!!
morning :) awsum day...from new york :)
this day, in 1775, Oxygen was discovered by Joseph Priestley
#dancing next week on Monday 7/25 is #worththewait! Come and support us!
Valentines day improved via class at and John pizzarelli playing over speakers at teaism.
I had a dream I was eating a giant marshmallow, when I woke up my pillow was missing and...[Complete the Joke]
Am I the only one working today?
I really can't stand it when people cough and don't cover their mouths!
show me a hot chick, i'll show you a guy who's tired of fucking her.
Last tweet of the year for me. There it is.
#WickedCarnival is gonna be major one day soon! search it on facebook for a closer look
": her name is " that's what's up
South Korea and England Hwating
RT : will be reopening its Iranian version of the project starting the weekend of March 17th!!
Gotcha. Where are you going again??
"If it's the last thing that I do..."
What were you wearing? : Why do the men at barber shops act like animals when they see a girl? Losers.
you should Follow Mee (: ! Ah . and forreal TBH: i wanna come kick it with yall . ! lmfaoooooo
oh i actually haven't but it's just my style LOVE it thank you!!
totally want to join! Yes!
woodland hills brutha...
Say what?
I use a facebook app named cueler. It auto posts my youtube vids to my page.
Tweeting my win at this year's Pitchapalooza as part of The Texas Book Festival.
Who else is excited for #OpeningDay! Go #SanDiego!
Hey Michael! How ate you feeling?
DrawSomething is the POGs of apps
Clearing up my timeline ...
You'll see a link on the left rail that says "claim company" after you log in. Thanks!
For those not in the know... Dysport and Botox "relax" the facial wrinkles & in the right hands, give beautiful natural(!) results
We met many years ago in Boca Raton. There are those of us who know the real story. Please, keep your head up. Blessings 2 u.
have a wonderful christmas :)
So…I don't know, but neither does anyone else, either. Until they do…it's not a viable option.
Also don't be like me and keep smoking anyways
I was gonna tell you.lol
It's probably a good idea to have your furnace or boiler checked this fall. Tune up Special $75 & $50 for each additional!!
May as well embrace it. :)
2 men driving in a car. Heisenberg: I think you just ran over a cat. Schrödinger: Is it dead? Heisenberg: Hmm, I can’t be certain. \o/
Spending the day writing reports. As a designer I can't help but think about better ways of showing data. Goin 2 try today
Today I speak at the NACWE Teleconference w/ on the Power of Joint Ventures. It is not too late to join us!...
Made a resolve to be on relevant social networks for the next wave of live filming... Any in SA have any info on live bands Sept30,Oct 1st?
Yay! Glad to hear that.
lmao! It's very real. Feel bad for the dude too. Cats is willing to wait hours to NOT get cut by you! Lol
hows the ignite event going??
NO! he likes Bieber! :(
Not to Happy rite now!!!!
Every time I'm in the barbershop I fall asleep in the chair!
Bay View Bash is rocking. Come down for a chorizo, bbq chicken, Italian sandwiches! ! Corner of russell and logan.
Rahm- hilarious. Was this a lesson in how to use "colorful" words and still funtion as a respectable public servant?
In Sacramento for CAA Legislative Conference. Waiting with our membership to hear from Gov. Brown.
Jason's Deli's spicy seafood gumbo is delicious👍👍👍
#FF #HRHappyHour Wow, thanks! Great company too!
no but I totally do that!!!
Do you know the facts behind Arizona&#39;s immigration law? Take our quiz.
can I get a <3 please???
Anyone want to play in a softball tourny tonight? 7-12. its indoor
": I'll be there on the first day as always...oh no wait, I forgot...greed won out" There'll b at least 3 public
you can listen, see I am the real joeshow
wow thanks so much , maybe this will help me gain followers. Have a great day!
love you & your avi ♥
If I were to train with any athlete in the world, I would train with ___________.
RT : By the way, we'll miss this year Did you know he is on the #ArtsManagement advisory council?
tough life in general for Stoudamire. to think i was so pissed when the Heat didnt get him lol
#NowPlaying "Sophie Needs A Ladder (Original mix)" by Deadmau5! #mymoodtypeofmusic :)
How could I join those #TEAMBACKPACK Cyphers?
Metaphor heaven. and they approve nicki like my credit score 7.
Thanks for being a ferocious hostess for our #saa11 all attendee reception. It was great to see you in person
IT WOULD BE WEIRD
go back and get me one hah!!!
Thanks! WOW -- great event!!!
RT : Isn't Mifflin almost entirely trespassing >> Yes, but trespassing with keg stands.
The flash on the iphone keeps turning on and off on its own. This can't be a good sign.
Being late on everything is my trademark, tho. And wow at a German word being censored.
Excited to see our BIM Manager share the latest and greatest in BIM technology with our team!
k bye
Angry Birds everywhere! They're above me! Duck! Oh wait those are real.
wish i had a real life hot tub time machine...travel time in hydrotherapeutic fashion. i can tell it's gonna be a long day...
All politics aside, #Santorum And with that little crack I realize that you are not worth following, ta ta
I love how Vinny went from talking about Harry Potter to The Hunger Games<3
yo what u on tonite? I'm be in ur city yo ...
QT : don't be places we comfy at with no biatchhhh #rulestothisshit ( no sah....u a gwan bad ina y day....
Someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants u in their life
When was the last time u took your spouse out and had a good time? Have fun with your spouse tonight. Leave the past in the past & have fun!
Warm up from the damp fog with a cup of Golden Assam and a whole grain bagel
Going to be in San Francisco this weekend. Any recommendations for nights/events going on? Saw DJ Assault was playing.
the look in his face when I tell him "I'm married sorry"priceless LOL
Even Ozzie Guillen wouldn't say that dealing w/ the Maloofs is like dealing with North Korea. C'mon Sacramento.
Finally getting around to eat the Italian gravy I made last night. I need to open a restaurant. Damn is this stuff good...
I write to help others help themselves by finding employment and becoming a government contractor.
My boyfriend just told me I smell like burnt mdf board...how'd that happen??
“: : Artest better get at least 20 games Clean Play, you got to love the way he plays how about I try that on u then?
Thanks for RT my Shadowy friend. Heading to Paris in a couple of days. Will be looking for those steps in Midnight in Paris
Can't handle it.
When you finish a 5 page paper and realized it never saved. So pissed. Now to rewriting this shit.
Dude, These people at the hospital check stuff sucks booty hole !
...I can always be put in the running to take over Rush Limbaugh when he's done, haha.
‎"SNO" Sticker's Arrived. www.SnoClothing.com
Tweeps: Anyone know if there's an app to put your DVR on your iPad? Verizon Fios service.
Shakira attacked by a sea lion?! I will find that sea lion and make a coat out of him, how dare he try to take away my Shakira.
I do hope Shadow Dancer is good. Didn't mention it because it hasn't got a US release date yet. Owen is a mensch.
Snoop and dre brought out wiz and 50. This is so nasty.
it's the truth you really do
Tbh that ruined my fucking mood..
Love it! Lol RT : Just found myself nodding my head to the beat of my dishwasher.
My mom and nephew are coming to one of my classes on Wed. I'll have to be on my game and cut the swearing. :)
we'll make that happen! :) I only ever workout w/ hubby... Gimme bout 6 more months, gotta deliver and then recover! LOL!
Came close to fainting in class today. What's your most embarrassing teaching moment?
she say she love me i kn she lying
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !! Your an amazing,hardworking mom. Love you :)
..happy is an exaggeration; would give up the world to have mines back.. missing the Kidd!! 090909
What a gutless classless remark
Excited to have & in Cleveland. Hope loves America as much as her husband.
Researching the uses and value of Twitter
snowball battle
The boredom at work though
I can not wait until Thursday. (:
haha because I followed you on twitter even though we still have yet to meet up, even after moving to my side of the country?
Rats! FOIAed again!
lolololol I've been reading all yalls tweets and that's just cray cray expensive 😒
Lol is this my reputation now? RT : you should be on speed dial for anything Charlie related lol
"emmillllyyy emmillllyyy" haha! yep, he's a singer/songwriter alright! That fool must have written 98% of the songs on country radio.
Awesome! Keep me updated....
Should we make a Soceity of Promiscous Scholars tee?
you must be joking! His defence is consistently terrible, especially the secondary.
Who wants to golf w #Tiger @ #Masters? find out here www.ussportspages.com
I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt
