Yes I can. Yes I can. YES I CAN!
... if you ruin the only thing a man cares about, what do you think the outcome will be?
| Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday!
ermm, I'm confused. D:
Final schminal. Come out with us!!!!
Massachusetts Takes on Next Health Care Experiment
We're working on something special for WebCamWindow.com right now.
Proud of you!
didn't read the book, but you know i love me some zac efron so I'M IN!
I wanttoooobe a model.
How do you do the Souljaboy Superman dance
As much as I complain in no way do I need saving.
Gizmodo: YouTube has long been established as the home of the absolute worst commentariat on the internet today; a vile,
My eyes turn & face the floor cause I can't look you in the eye & say...~
Nothing like a good, old fashioned sax solo.
Christendom I...No one expects The Spanish Inquisition...
I should be good now! I had to get that out cuz I was bout to explode!! Lol!
Getting ready for #sprint review meeting. Always feels a bit like a performance #scrum (looking at first sprint on new digital journals UI)
Prayer: Lord stir us in our faith, we've been stirred in our emotions. Stir us to where our conversation adjusts & perspective shifts.
who should I pick up D. Moore or J. Ford
yeah way to goo!
awesome contact by phone and let's do it. 203-820-8819
Who am I? www.kevinkash.com
I'm gonna need more Cointreau ...
Rose Bowl is a another shootout-- Wisconsin and Oregon-- tied at 21-- in the second quarter!
There are WAY better books. A man on wife #3 has no good advice for me.
We're featuring your "movies: seen" notebook to new #Springpad users. Love your thoughtful reviews!
Meet Hamilton Loomis on Live He is a Bo Diddley protege. We're @ Duffy's Garage tonight. You've got to hear this guy.
don't worry I gotcha
Heading into the city for my first audition of 2012. Kinda scary since its been a year without auditioning here...should be a fun day!
my FY new year's resolution - don't wait until april to do taxes
I go to nysc I'll just stop by your job and visit you are you working ?
I have a violent addiction to goldfish.
what up pimp. I got somethin brewin!!! Actually mixin down right now. I will keep a playa posted.
"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn Vos Savant
#TellJimmy please help Elise get out of that bottom! She's great, but you're the MENTOR.
Slave owners didn't F*** around either. Several million hung from trees by their neck in Texas and Mississippi.
I can tell by the gangsta lean. Individual importance is directly correlated to the lean angle of black & white glamour shots
but you can perfectly hashtag "cant spell my own name" time to go back to kindergarten!
We are so looking forward to meeting you both in June.
Children who experience developmental delays as a result of childhood #hunger, rarely catch up to their peers.
27 days until the best holiday of the year.
Indians no hitter taken away in the 7th by Lawrie as the score is tied 2-2
Do you like pickles? Sorry its so random but my friends who LOVE u dont and we made a bet so... Do you? (Ps, I Love u!!!!!!)
I'll bring a stack of them next time we're at a casual gathering. I say we invent a new bedpan based drinking game.
buy them! Show your support :)
GLORY HUNTER ILLUMINATI KANYE WEST, enjoy hell while serving Lucifer
U look amazing x
Unfortunately, we are trying to downsize our final numbers of students participating, so that we get down to 9 people.
she will drag you in by your bow tie, ha!
let's see a movie tonight! I can pay. I want to see cabin in the woods
lol you got that right hot as **** here today
yooo we gotta chill this weekened inbox me asap
I don't haVe a type, I jus got expectations.
I never really learned how to study..it's been 10 minutes and I'm done
Neato! I am now a member of the Society for the History of Technology.
Lets pray for shirtless pictures of them ahahah
I hope this dbag Pete is talking to on the train isn't a new regular character.
I just want to sleep!
Errrrbody be talkin about the LA Kings
shot you know I'm always ready!!
I need you
Humans are the only species that pays to live on the Earth.
idk is pronounced 'I decay'
going good! It's 7:30 in the Morning here. I'm at work! Lol
FYI tonight dinner at Casa di Millian is Escarole & Beans with pepperoni. That's screams Italy right there!
Fellas.. Quit asking these Cute Bitches why they Single.. They Crazy, Duh!
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you've got and fifty percent what people think you've got. Sophia Loren
its not that good lmao.
Ooh. I didn't know he had a podcast!
I'm not Twitter savvy...how do you do that?
Thanks for watching! RT : Sometimes, the funniest show on late might TV is a 30 Rock rerun. By a comfortable margin .
Registration is open for tonight's 7 pm $140 buy in Bounty Tournament. Sign up until 8:40 pm, a good tournament you don't want to miss!
oh my new content!! www.inlinewaiting.com
HERE WE GO!!! Let's GO BREWERS!!!
Bahahah kmart has the new nicki cd out for sale before its release date
If #browns stick at 4 & 22 I want T.Rich and wr Hill. Assume Floyd gone by then.
Hahaha, calling someone a sl*t because they sleep with married men is called speaking truth, not putting them down ;)
"rubbing sticks and stones together make the sparks ignite" *grabs sparklers*
is still the same old Bieber since 2009
Are you saying that a white panel van is sufficient for tracking me?
Downloading and listening to on full blast!<3 im downloading every single song they have that i dont have!;)
Aquarius: If Aquarians feelings are too hurt and their trust in you is too broken, they will just cut you off completely and permanently
Close Your Eyes
Hate it when my friends are mad at me. ... Tear Tear
Sit that pussy on my bottom lip
Way to go Brew crew!
If you friend request me on facebook, it would help if the profile pic didn't have the duct tape visible in your bathroom when u took pic.
Thanks for sharing #MelibeeU workshop info - much appreciated!
Looking for a designer to make a few small banners for the site, should be pretty cheap. any suggestions?
Though Hitchens put too much faith in Enlightenment rationale, I respect him as a thinker, or as he would say, a young-at-heart contrarian.
That's because this is 'Murica
You funny
I love seeing my friends being successful or on their way up
Just walked a 2 acre track off of Fairbanks North Houston. We are bidding a land clearing job.
+ ya'll woulda loved to see #freestyle over some lame spo beats. T'was a scene
How can I meet job 4 life
thanks a bunch for the Retweet
all of my favorite tweets are from
Off to Nations Toben or however the hell you spell it..
Metal and geueze. Wierd but sweet.
I don't give a fuck.
You are beautiful!
Magnify the promises rather than the problems.
Its Friday its time to get down!
What QB do the Redskins take here?
haha! ok Paul, just for you there are going to be some tough ones next week!
Must admit, never give pre- 4.5 GA much thought, but your book description makes it look more appealing.
- Happpyy Valentine's Daay Everyone . R.I.P. To The V Cards Getting Taking Tonight. (:
Resting and showering soon. Dinner with crazy grandparents and also yay! :D
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Except for you you got
are you gonna bring justin bieber on already or what.
Today I have a chorus instructor from NYU coming to inspect my choir :S i am so excited. #soprano1 8)
Spend some time walking on soft ground and you just might start to appreciate a broken sidewalk.
I'm so f***ing embarrassed! :o
How do you know if honesty is the best policy unless youve tried some of the others?
Said Ron Burgundy in a tweet, “I don't know what a teaser trailer is. When did the world get so crazy? I'm having a scotch."
haha! I don't blame you, I got bitten by one before
God day today! The earthquake made it even better
It could be! Maybe she can give it a look and let us know!? Then I can link the pic ot her Twitter of Website.
I think its because of the late night sushi I gorged on before a Dexter marathon with my sis.
Odds approach certainty.
Time to hit a tunnel and pay no toll
really?! Haha love then :P would love to see them :) x
◊ Before Ax? I think Axford is far more important. He's one of my three favorite Brewers & a hell of a funny guy besides.
when i all grown up, I WANNA BE AN UNDERWEAR MODEL!
whats this new jam yer bringin here friday? best basement currently in chicago. stoked.
I see where your heart lies, my dear.
I forgot my lunch money today. Sad panda. No real food until 6pm.
New stereo shakes the whole house
what's wrong? :(
Follow & RT with #SmokinNYE & you're entered to win 2 tix for our New Years Eve celebration
our daily battle w/our daughter...getting her to eat her veggies.
indescribably jealous
#HonestyHour -- I'm a shy person .
Alex Hoyt Trio is playing tonight at ! Join us 4 Happy Hour & hear some great music! $5 wine, meat & charcuterie
all I want is for u to follow me, plzz mikey =)
Why Hire a cleaning service? Reduce allergies by having your home professionally cleaned. Call us for a quote 858-633-3924 Moon Maids...
Anytime! RT : thank you for hashtag tip
fake smiles. :)
Found a website that gives me summary for the book im reading in english, never have to read it again :)
Just back from a day trip with my #DePauw WT group to Ravenna. Amazing mosaics. Cold and foggy day. Last night in Bologna.
May I suggest ukecoustic?
just announced: R&B artist Adi Amore aka Adi Mack will be performing live at the Aloft New Years Eve
Brewers game not televised, transplanted fan syndrome sucks!
Crash involving a scumbag hipster bicyclist on Candelaria and Wyoming. TGIF! we're too busy, he probably deserved it anyways.
so sleepy! it's time to go to bed (:
It's our pleasure, Heather!
Wat is lance briggs cryin about now jus play football
no u not im happy as hell
hey I appreciate that you follow me, but if you're going to use my words, just retweet me.
lol RT : follow he's tweeting his profile for E-Harmony lol
That happened to me just the other day.
lol ha ha I guess your right...lol they still need help though lol
wonder why some people love living in the "ain't it ugly" space. nothing is satisfying to them.
it's a golfing inside joke, you wouldn't understand ....
Fall has arrived at the Menil Collection bookstore.Great new crop of books and frasier fir candles on the way...
Listening to Someone Like You by:
I love you<3
Alright, so the owners of the account went to college in September, so they passed it on to me instead of deleting it. I'm Tiffany!
Count me in! Something fun and FREE to do since it is going to be storming this afternoon/evening.
It's #compliment #Friday !!!!!! Let's see umm you guys are amazingly awesome
I just hate it so much...
I have an e-ARC for a September book I must tell you about.
Nap lounge sounds fantastic. We'll have to tell the Baltimore host team this afternoon.
Aw, c'mon now. He was great in Green Lantern. The script just sucked. Awesome in Wolverine, the script just sucked.
I believe in fortune cookies. #fortune cookies
hey i am not sure too,i just love dogs,i am learning too lol
Getting ready to watch "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and eat some pizza with my woman...
How's everyone this Thursday? We think we're ready for the weekend. Don't forget tonight is another Anime Night!
Beautiful morning run Hills! Can't wait for the Arbor Day 10K in a few weeks!
Not a bad contender.
Awesome afternoon at Waterman's Fall Festival today! Love having a century farm within city limits!
MT : From new UW prof who studies Twitter MT : Fascinated by dialogue around
Steve winwood? Higher love?
Lol I've literally lost 6 followers on here today bye.
I say I become your official Talent Relations manager and parade you round European hot spots for the summer!!
zusi is amazing, but that's no surprise.
I want to meet you too!!! :)
The Shazam integration in the #Supernatural broadcast was phenomenal! Great for taped sports broadcasts
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy.
I think Cotto will try to use his power to thud Floyd, but can that left hook find a target w/ Floyd's amazing guard?
Have we seen you yet in the dessert corner?
is there any1 hotter than u if u said no then lets go hip hop girl 5000.00$ grand prize!!!! whacha working with baby!!! www.hiphopgirlz.com
"We didn't go to the media, we didn't take this outside of the family," Langley says. He didn't want UCAN to dissolve.
Dearest , This is his first day driving for us ... Sending you a code for free delivery on your next order.
“: “: Cooks/Chefs that don't give the same quality food to the last table as they did the first #kitchenpetpeeves””
You may even like it.
High quality, lower cost video editing, production, and computer graphics. Center for Digital Image Arts. Washington, DC....
#Bullying can have an impact from generation 2 generation. Prevent Bullying ...TRUTH- Getting in front of the issue NOW does so much!
Very true Dean
It'd be nice to be shorter... for length reasons.
My bullies have now gone from 2 bulliesw 2 4 bullies now
- that's the exact type of photo shoot i love, playing smiling, etc. in their environment!
I agree
I need more single friends lol
not a team for carl, even though I am always down to support carl we are trying to keep that day about Chelsea :)
baby bird flying inbound in T-minus 6 days...requesting clearance for landing.
Quick poll: Instapaper or Read It Later?
Thanks, they will be offering free gifts to Cash Mobbers.
people are getting mad cause i need to post more tweets....mkaay' ;D huurrr i am <3
Good morning Sara - happy smbmad day! :-)
I loved my x-racers! That was 10+ years ago and I'd take more in a heart beat if I could.
Yay! on What a way to wake up!
The dog days of summer are here.
Safe so far....flight delayed til 6:30 :-| Good to see you man.
life is too short to drink shitty beer.
HUGE win for , & the Broncos CONGRATS from ur frds hope the Postgame 3 in 1 was refreshing after the game
found out yesterday we were having a boy. this will be my 2nd son
She doesn't die from an overdose you heartless asshole, it was that ass-clown Volchok. RT : she dies...
Whatever is accomplished must be attained with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of dread, and of sadness.
#detroitbiz Former DC Mayor Anthony Williams on DTW's greatest asset: Arsenal of Democracy, design expertise & youth driving energy in city
Hood is right- divorce threatens marriage. He is wrong to think that allowing marriage to be re-defined is not AS BIG a threat.
NO YOU BE QUIET OKAY?
ugh i'm totally "never drinking again"
April is National Car Care Month. Start it off right with a car wash! Clean is key if you want your car to stick around for a while.
Omg this baby has been crying for 20 minutes ! Take him outside. We're at a freaking graduation for crying out loud.
yes you do:) look fwd to your #SommChat questions for
Hey, he's not written yet. Can't I get a free trial?
My family thinks I need stress pills.. now I cant be bothered to do my revisions. ok.
Love it
The $50 gift card goes to !
Deep conditioning treatments are standard. The level of #Bawse in that conditioner? Now that might cost you. You deserve it tho.
Does anyone else give a #dirtylook to the sidewalk when they trip over their own feet?
Who's down to get chips & salsa or a bean & cheese burrito?
Log in to Angie's List to view our featured Big Deal. 2 Hrs Electrical Labor for $ 99.00 ! Hurry while it lasts!
See this signal. Ugh!!
imagine how we feel lol that made me want to cry
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Small Library of the Year, Eglin Air Force Base Library.
Come and try a Ginger Bread Latte at GRIND
"even though it hurts, see i SMILE!!" 😊
That explains one reason why I opt for Droid over iPhone. Thanks!
Is it an earworm if you don't mind it being there? #np "Love Bites" by Def Leppard
RT Retweet if you didn't know that "HECK" was a mixture of hell & fu*k.
Who was at the DuPont Pavillion? Why was the bench still warm? Who had been there?
lol idk I laugh at everything
But British furniture ­designer Samuel Wilkinson has created a sinuous version that is as ­attractive as it is long-­lasting
Happy Birthday to ... he's turning 1 yr old today!! Good job at keeping the little guy alive! ;)
Much thanks to for #FF RT & kind mentions!
I LOVE YOUR SONG, ITS HOT
You notice what I drink, and not the thirst I feel. - Spanish Proverb
Happy New Year to all!
that is pretty darn Nice
Half: Tx Titans 49 Tx PRO 29.
session - "People love to help, they just don’t like being asked…"
Btw tell yo friend take her lonely ass to bed lmfao
thanks!! We are very proud of
We're probably going to eat with the boys before. Do you all want to go? The boys are driving to Evansville tonight.
Hey great video today, has me rethinking rolling a Counselor over a Jedi Knight. Good news on my cancer, one test came back neg...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 289
Congratulations Xa Yang on your 6th anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sac Franchise Owner. Your customers really like your service!...
Thank you for the shoutout! RT : Check out
Off to Mazza's wedding. I am so hungry!
Yeah. I knew that. Lol
Check me last tweet & read my poem
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's such a cutie, and of course a great singer.
ill post 16 later :)
that was impressive by Ruth!
acrylic painting
summer, not sure exactly, ill check with the guy putting it on for and get back to ya
go with the flooowww~~
Looking for an extension cord for my brain.
The benches have emptied. Pendergraph is even coming in! Good win Pacers!
Congratulations to the Top 30 LC Seniors! What an amazing program this evening. I am so proud of all of you!
It takes 43 muscles 2 frown and 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any 2 just sit there with a dumb look on your face. :-/
#GymTime legs and shoulders... Who else want some??
blowing the roof off the tonite in #Louisville. Get your tickets #Indy for this Weds
You saint. My faves are Coulda Had Me, Best in the World, Don't Say No, and Shut the F Up Boy.
Once u have feelings for someone those feelings will always be there. U may not like them anymore but u still care
I'm good, how are you doing
RT : Its Take Ova Time <<GET THAT CHOP!!
In hospital sorting out my knee slight twist, been 3 weeks therapy now. Soon back at tennis. He he, love my tennis
Mine too! And you will do fine.
I think I have to go to school too -_- my mom says being sick is no excuse
Hello from CNN Special Investigation & Documentary Head Quarters from rainy Atlanta!
so every successful man has a small dong?
a sub-stellar orange is so disappointing.
Yes. It is very clear that you are confused.
Hello RT : Jeez is awesome hello 💁lol
Albert Pujols' #Angels teammates pranked him after his first HR. Well, they certainly had enough time to plan it.
Join us for the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert, 8pm tonight in Alice Tully Hall. Email "" for free tickets!
#bestclosingtrack I'm not even sure 'The Tourist' makes my top three Radiohead closing tracks.
These girls are rocking it on
&#9754; Cool Deal Digital Video Fountain Pen Watch them back
woah, are y'all leaving the holler?
we sure do we'd love to hear your music!
good to have ya Merle.
You're always amazing to everyone :)
Dems' final offer on #NJMAP, Rothman vs. Garrett in district that's 50% D and 50% R. Farmer ruling expected today.
We will be closed #Thanksgiving day and Friday...we will reopen at 11am on Saturday! Have a safe holiday!!
Shooting another wedding today! Love my job!!
MESSAGE OR RT IF YOUR.. a boy who would never break a girls heart
"Anything that encourages the perception of tech as being male-dominated is likely to contribute to the decline" of women in tech -...
The celebrity death rattle is loud today.
Watching Matilda makes me feel like a kid again
whenever somethin bad happens or im sad i turn to u and ur inspiration and love r always there. I  u and thank u 4 everything
So I decided to test out Blendr, which is the hetero version of Grindr... no hits yet. Kind of a bummer, actually.
i love kingsley..♥
Let's get some1 good!
watching the wedding planner
thanks for tweeting about
OMG!! me i cant wait whos punking you
Life is the only bitch I put my hands on.
Np aim high by
I really enjoyed 's show tonight.
Rise and shine everyone! 'Every new moment is an opportunity to turn it all around' So dont be discouraged. Forge onward.
I'd have to say is my fave. Love my morning (or noon or night) coffee :)
We also found that for LGBT Latinos/as that the more spiritual/religious one is the less likely one is to be out.
no no no good !! </3 you will make me frown babe .:)
Mittens says he doesn't remember, then says he didn't know the kid was gay. You can't trust anything this guy says
i seriously need to be a movie critic~
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Excited for a DO field trip to tomorrow, and we may poke our heads into too. Fun!
reminds me of a fav quote: “Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” Andre Gide
I see you found a new "bestfriend" .... oh well.
Someone bought my Kiss 108 tickets on Stubhub! Glad I didn't lose much money. I wish I had a ride.
sorbet is right up our alley.
We have spent over a thousand for this trip. The beach was free of course and Knottsberry cost is about 200
You bet, we will have it on the big screen in the yard. It is also Steak Night. Steak and Fries $10
I've trademarked "Gaddafi & Sheen in the Morning"
um Where r u.
is my obsession. And if you buy ten the eleventh is on them. I am at eight
g.l. Tonight on being the D-Town hottie!
hello from The States. I had the chance to visit the Philippines once. Thanks for following.
FACT: Mold on a home’s exterior can create the same health risks to its inhabitants as if the mold was growing inside.
I wish sucked once in a while, just to lower the bar. But it pretty much never does, which makes life harder for the rest of us.
is live tweeting a class. In what I don't know. Why he's there...also don't know. However, entertaining.
SS be quiet! I'm trying to remember my myspace password!
What?!? You don't like the City Hall architecture? I love it! (Not sarcasm)
Wondering if is going to camp this year?
Yeah, I'll fill you in when I get it back... We REALLY need to chat!
have a great day.
good. Just working and going to school. You still talk to anyone from acs? Eddie and I are the only two left from our class
I did! What's up?
I agree. Ready to be out of the car and in your arms.
I forgot how glorious it is to wear a T-shirt! #globalwarming?
makes a skeptical face
can't wait!!!! U know how much I love NY!! Thank you for planning all of this :) love u💙
The room in which Mercedes Lackey is to read has no chairs. #D*ConFail
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today! One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
Loll at love and hip hop they going hard
Know what part of the world has the greatest potential for interpreting? China! via
Not sure why they abandoned Grant for two plays. He's clearly the better runner today.
I love this Natalie Cole movie 😁👍
Today in Michigan: bicycles, quilt shop(s), some tour wants to do.
You know it!!
Or in real life, awarding the Yale Younger Poets prize to an acquaintance who didn't enter the contest -- OH YES HE DID.
haha agreed. How are ya?!
She wanna make me better
Shut up and stop smoking already, asshole.
I have zero pets! haha Never had one. But I would be! haha
Hi beauty, we're having a nice time, weather doesn't suck! Q: Is it wrong to follow 130 people on twitter? Love you!
Not at the moment, but you never know :). Happy New Year!
Miami represent! Live on Morning Joe!
What movie can contemporary dance make to rival Black Swan? Maybe a Martha Graham work- 'Heretic'? They are pretty scary!
@ the DMV! After 3 years I finally get to see, how good it will feel to be back behind the WHEEL! THANK U GOD. I will cherish my privilege!
If wasn't on Mercy.. I orally wouldn't fxck with the song
oh yeah, and when i got my vision back everything was purple like they were under a blacklight or something.
Is George Brett getting married? Or is it Dan Quisenberry?
ha. Just in game shape from bball. Almost 6 feet tall now. Lol
Happy Easter Everyone!!!
Small turnout tonight for 1st budget meeting at Board committee level; audience includes a few families from 2 language immersion schools.
I seriously never come on anymore :(
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband! Celebrating out on the town for ... Yum!
"no pictures now. I don't have earrings in." retainer isn't a big deal though.
#Alcoa kicked off earnings season with a big beat, reporting a profit when the market expected a loss and topping revenue forecasts.
Okay this is how we are going to prank Austin..When he gets online tweet him "MARCO?" A bunch of times to see if he replies with "Polo:(:
I've got the inside scoop on why they jumped. Stick with me and you'll learn a lot!
Lauren Lowen likes food #noshit AND she kicked her brother when he had a seizure...
im his assistant, jeremy prbly wouldnt care either way.
I could make a joke about what Janoris Jenkins and Mike Adams are doing today…but I'll refrain.
Thanks Suey! How've you been?
Watching Subspecies on Netflix Instant. Soundtrack takes me back to many a highschool night in the basement with geodesic dice. Way rad!
come out side and say hi!
today my family and I are going to an audition for a commercial!!! Wish us luck??? Love you :)
Still in the news: #Nonprofits may be paying for city services Committee questions providing public works service gratis...
thanks for the tip on the Avengers. Well worth waiting until the very end. Hilarious. Great flick!
- maybe jen and I will one day be cool enough to make it on ur list
Why does my hair have to suck at growing fast? :(
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Milwaukee mayor wins Democratic primary to face Wis. Gov. Scott Walker in recall election.
These repetitive talks about life with my mom <<<<<<<<<
I have alot of things thats changing in mylife rite but im happy cause its good things.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Embed your videos in as many places possible like #Facebook, MySpace, #Digg, #Twitter & your blog home page.
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do. ~Zachary Scott
thanks for tweet and retweet...respectively :)
awe hush lady. But that was funny.
How is the riding in Malaysia? Do you skate with a crew of friends?
anyway we can discuss/act online as I'm already in the USA and on airplane mode so as to not pay roaming
I refuse to take care of somebody besides myself & my Child !
Eleanor Brown: need to prioritize service - at Cornell, means putting onsite users 1st; other researchers 2nd; other communities 3rd
You're not as unpredictable as you think little ashley :P
Yup. = theatre: pure, true, magical.
Harry doesn't check his mentions? Abkj7ahstwbkshw NO.
Headed to the gym! Don't judge me, join me...
All your futbol followers were just like, "What did David Beckham do?"
Of all the teams, why does it always have to be the Fing cardinals?
4 of the 10 teachers are former students. Rotary is helping schools in other parts of Guatemala. Now a trade school is being established.
What is your fav Keystone matchup?
Shot a fun segment for 's show, Tosh.0 today.
Stravinsky! RT it's a tour, so multiple locations / regions. June 8th in Harrisburg & Lnacaster PA, 9th in Philly.
thanks for the great ideas!!
OB/GYN & Co-host of ABC's The Revolution, Dr. Jennifer Ashton is my guest Sunday. Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's 1510 WLAC
Turns out I overfill my omelets just like I overfill my burritos.
Hey New Yorkers, you could do much worse for V-Day than tonight's W. Wellman double-bill at Film Forum: A Star Is Born & Nothing Sacred.
Sen Graham: you don't get a lawyer; you're in military custody. Who needs a constitution?
Our very own helped pick today's Stevie Nicks winner using our random number generator!
tell me about it
Has been to many museums this week. I still cry when I see images of 9/11. I wonder if its the same for those who lived Pearl Harbor
Watching the NCAA on TruTV, which I've never watched, not since it was Court TV, which would have been more appropriate for basketball, no?
You are the best you that you can be, nobody can be you better than you, so stop trying to be like everyone else and just be yourself.
It sound like this nigga fuckin a puppy
is a great rapper. and he went to ABT.... Mr Orrell was his first hater.
Adderall? That gave me jitters for a bit. Now I'm on Vyvanse. A lot like Adderall but no jitters and way smoother. No crash.
My own moms block my facebook and Google talk. Aha Funny
I think that . should continue to refuse reporters...voters really like that, Mitt
is an ignorant wretch!
at my mom & dad's with my wife and son (before daughter). #MissYouDad #BBN ran around house after S. Woods shot, then... (dont ask)
had a blast video chatting w my sissy.. Can't wait to Visit y'all for spring break.. And Disney vacation..
when i get nervous when im around you even tho we have been dating for basically 5 months. (:
Adapter are very cheap on the web. I use them a lot. If you need sound then you need converter box.
Being that it is #MusicMonday What's the best band or artist you have seen live?
thats the only track you used of mine.. Smh!!!
did curtis show up? how did he do?
Dear Really Bad Bass Player next door. Practice isn't helping. Please take the night off.
3rd day of school this week I've missed because of being sick. Ugh, I seriously think I'm falling apart. 
MusicChangesMoods . RideOutMusic #ComingSoon S/O to EveryBody(FOLLOW) talented Singer/ Song Writer
"relax, we don't kill everybody"
i knowww!! you and ian still hate each other? lol
30 mile bike ride yesterday and 6 more running on the appalachian trail today. God is good!
jealous. Stop by my office after with some rolls for me please!
is it a big deal?? Will out lead the 5:00 news? Front page of JS?
When the world says, 'Give up,' Hope whispers, 'Try it one more time.'
Last day of spring break:(
My stomach is making noises I don't know if I should be concerned
hahah this is PRICELESS .. I miss you so much!! :(
America, my painter just hired 2 new employees to work on my homes. They were both on unemployment and food stamps. Who is the job creator??
thanks! :) btw saw your tweet about hiking burbank hills. is there a trail there like runyon and fryman? i love hiking.
Commission will be back in session at 1 pm
Hey, thanks, Pamela!
Thank you, I will check it out.
": I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now."
oh ok.. Do y'all hire pharmacy techs?
Mad Men, Playboy Club, PanAm what's the media's obsession with women of the 50's and 60's?
Being a Boston sports fan is a rollercoaster to my emotions and more importantly my liver.
IPAD SWAGGY!!! and wait what?!?! Lol do u mean u have one??
Why is I-43 called an "interstate"?
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 28
Haha not on the floor. Sec 130. Can you get us in the floor?!
Thanks for anxiety.
Hahah laughing @ the RT I did earlier. I dont wear makeup. It's a joke. u_u
#HappyEaster!May your day be filled with yummy treats and fun.
Steph are you seeing Shane Harper July 1st?
yeah I'm watching it on the Mac , And yeah I called u
I've bought 11 pr this year.
It is so cold in NYC! Where is the 90F weather :S lol
So I'm gone do part time strippng...Let me ask my mom =)
Should've did girls night out,...My First day on Spring Break.
Browns have proud distinction of drafting the only rookie QB eligible for the AARP. What's that? He just retired? Never mind.
the knife or the shoe
Happy Birthday !!!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 10
What happen TO loyal FEMALES n RIDE n DIE for THERE man ! This new ERA of FEMALES are CRAZY!
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you will land amongst the stars. -Les Brown
Don't miss the Fountain Hills Thanksgiving Day Parade at 9-11AM in Downtown. Bring your friends & family. Marching band, floats, fun, . . .
You have a stalker? A duck stalker?
That Awkward Moment When You Remember Something But You Don't Know If It Was Real Or Just A Dream .
Chilling at my sis house
RT - WIMA has learned that the Jacksonville Jaguars have released Elida/Mt. Union grad TE Kyle Miller as part of final cutdown
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!
That's so Raven.
"Hans...bubby...I'm your white knight." I can never turn off this movie.
I was watching it on Netflix!
Stoked for tomorrow! Surfing in the AM and then Venice after! Who wants to join?
The sky looks so cool
Dynamic Heating and Cooling guarantees your complete satisfaction! Contact us www.dynamichvac.us
Just finished screening an epic called "Death" that was filled with vampires, bats, disappearing dead people, and hammy kids.
Honey, I'm busy at work, can you stop at the store to buy some #itampon (S)
OMG I'm there tomorrow!!! RT Hello, Maui! 🌴
Absolutely! I work at 11:30, so I'll be rolling into game 1 around the 3rd or 4th inning
Instead of texting back and forth, will we be doodling back and forth in the future? Asks
I know not, sir, whether Bacon wrote the works of Shakespeare, but if he did not it seems to me that he missed the opportunity of his life.
watching "it could happen to you"! one of my favorite movies!
TFTF... we could always use a little more joy in our life!
u be on your grind like pair of inline skates
pretty sexy ;)
RT : RT : Know what today is? It's #SMmeasure day!! Hope you can join the chat at noon(EST)/9am(PST)!
1Q84 questions: 1) Is the driver in the first chapter Murakami himself? 2) Why does the English version shift fonts for "1984" and "1Q84"? +
Thank you for your support! We appreciate it so much! x
- you're just going to have to wait until Sunday for all my shark costume glory.
Thanks to staff for Jaida's great welcome. She is still commenting on the "niceness" of the staff!
And again today!
On my way to work with SEMO for the weekend. Oh happy day!
Youre right & I miss it. You should sketch me anything you want one day & I'll do a portrait of you sometime. :)
Why does TMNT come immediately to mind, ??
lol I don't like those kind of games haha
I do! Lol
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game. - Donald Trump
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos help college coaches find you.
Listening to Toni Morrison speak at Barnes & Nobles Union Sq. nyc. I am so proud to be a woman of color who writes.
what's the score?
RT : There's no I in team [but there is a ME!], but there is an I in leadership! Random thought for the night. :-)
haven't heard
Absolutely! RT "someday" is not a day of the week. Stop dreaming and start doing.
We want you to play our scavenger hunt! Come to booth 318!
Not sure what eLife (new OA Jrnl) brings to the table that is different than ? But agree w/ that more OA is good
Canada’s Green 30 companies for 2012
Going To My Bro Graduation w. Me Next Week !!
"119-90?" "Yeah.. That was embarrassing. That's why I turn that shit off."
Well I guess it's time I make this day my bitch.
On this day in Music history...1875: Georges Bizet's opera Carmen premiered in Paris.
Goodnight; need to catch up on my dreams. ✌
Our "Book" has never swerved from its straight forward course of aiding women to improve themselves ...
Doing a bit of shopping for my dorm.. I'm really sad we aren't allowed to have candles. :/
I Felt So Bad For #oomf Today ,
My sunglasses are lonely
#Oomf ego way too big. I think he need ta take it down ah notch :}
Sometimes its hard to Determine whether you really have feelings for someone or you are just carried away by the good things they do.
Morning boys and girls
The offense can't get any more dismal.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy following my art! @
Do not go through this alone. There are people and a higher power greater than all of us who care and are ready to help.
love you guys from well.....a bus from Syracuse to Albany.
I got through 3.5 songs. Horrible.
going to Atlanta saturday :)
I hate you. :3 I'm so jelly you got your braces off already. I still have one more year. >:|
I find it HILARIOUS that Oomf just can't fuckin lie
ohh. I don't think I've been there ha
I can tell with your 600 some tweets :p jenns got like a million
Good catching up this afternoon. Lets do it again sooner than later!
I'm curious about these. I've heard of "warrant" with these, but not debt.
some people just have nothing to do. You good?😄
watching and go back and forth is freaking awesome! Thank you Twitter gods!
God has blessed us all w talents and anointing.U r 2 anointed 2 b disappointed.U r 2 blessed 2 b stressed!Go forward! #God is Love #Rev Run
you live in chicago so do i
thanks, girl!
Believing in the energy and essence that is God is great but not believing in yourself is counter-productive to that.
It's decided. I NEED a lip piercing...
Specialty flavor this week- birthday cake! Sprinkles included. Happy Birthday to all of our August birthday peeps!
everyone has an addiction, mine happens to be you.
Pretty disappointed what just happened
not last night but I am aiming for a flavor trip in January.
Throw in a Gator shirt and a few others we know and I have seen that look before!
I would love to dribble if anyone can spare an invite!
First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
if I drank Sista I would have! LOL
oomf just made me wanna listen to say goodbye haha
Hey girl, hey! Thx for the RT!
We're so glad that you enjoyed your visit! We hope to see you again!
lol yea but i think we start earlier then u guys... :/
in the process of ordering what will hopefully be the final proof for our first book.
thanx for the #sxswLAM high5 - it was a blast this year! thanks to everyone who made #sxswi 2012 librarianawesomesauce
yes i am :o RT no your not?:o
Guess I should finish my anatomy project since it's due tomorrow.
Single bells , Single bells , Single all the way ♥
I can't fucking pick a favorite Mayday Parade song
Thank you mamaz! I'm tryin' to get used to this new twitter, I didn't know they changed it!
look at my twitter username:D
I hate learning from the mistakes of others who take my advice.
Perfectly said. :-(
I will be 5th st playing percussion and on Mic tonight 10.30p-12am with Dj Ljohn austin,texas style. Okai Haiti
- Lol i Had Went To Sleep . . Come On ! QT : ": - Bored ! Somebody Come Visit Me ." stop playn wit me friend
Think I'm gonna switch back to white boys after this dude.... Annoyed
... "never call a musician before noon." ended up interviewing him in person. was truly an honor.
Sick. Gonna get in my pjs and just watch movies.
Let's go!!! No more 5 yard dump passes!!.
LIKE ME?! i feels the hate :'(
Look at that face! Too cute.
Got my tickets to Golf Wang Seattle bout to be the best show ive been too!
I do not want to go to school. But I am going to the boro tonight to see my brother
no dip sherlock
nice do us Gooners proud
Who the hell takes a bread roll on their way to exercise?
wish i could
American workers honor the lifelong support of your mother. Thank you for continuing that spirit. :)
Hahaha, I know ! Same !
It truly is one of my favorite parts of my professional life.
Samia done got me started .
Stifled laughter coming from my cubicle it is due to the caller at the end of the 3/25 ep of Atheist Experience. Thanks
Follow me Instagram
The dark knight rises trailer looked epic . No prologue before my imax movie though
Tune Into now....
are you the dj?
We are now on Youtube! Our channel is BrtCtyLtsMusic. More videos such as announcements and other things from the band to come soon!
Thanks for the follow. Great to have a true Bulldog at my heel.
Turns Out My Cousin Didn't Bring My Crutches -_-
My eye has been twitching for 2 days striaght now....sicklife
Hot and sour soup and mashed potatoes at whole food, it's a good day
you're in the dodgers organization...gotta support the lakers now bro!
No... I didn't know your shoe size ^^
those are bad for you!!!!!
Passed 100 followers. Thanks y'all.
Stan Van Gundy is still employed by the #OrlandoMagic, but I can't see how he will last the season under this dysfunctional mess...
Good morning world! Last night I had someone try to talk out of working on my vision so I can help them with theirs. Idiocy at its best.
honey. You don't have it bad. Trust me... People have it worse than you.
if I were stranded on an island I would only need my royal flush
#414 JACK IT DOWN
My eye sight diminished a little after seeing that.
Tore my toe nail off playing ball shit hurt
.: Internet not a force for good or evil. It's a force for everything.
I'm loved how was so open and shared with us. Most people keep that in their closet.
Haha, you crazy!
Fine, then get an olive tit tat to represent me and 
I bet it was, and it was probably like old home week seeing so many from the past...
Heading off to see/hear the Afro Semetic Experience in concert at the Arsenal Mall in Watertown, MA 7:30pm start!
RIP Mike Wallace. If I only had an ounce of that kind of courage...
Highest success rate in the option trading advisory field. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
please please come! Aunt Amy is coming if you wanted to ride with her :)
Halloween reading at the Fishbowl: Masks (bring one), cupcakes, and people (you?) reading poetry. 10/28, 8:30 pm.
Follow Friday.
Dear Friday, I never thought you would get here. Please make the work part go by fast then you can do whatever you want. I love you.
thanks for saying hello and joining the chat today
Being a fan, I don't see too much western hoops, but I know this: 's beard is
Tonight: Training Camp Showcase- "Home of the unsigned artist". PERFORM or just NETWORK! Club Pyramid, NYC. 8PM, $10- For info: 347 249 9441
makin a deal today?
Kill the lights.....
Good luck tonight big head ! We luv ya! 
What ways do you think art can be used to improve the life of others?
Holly Stark: your lost item has been returned to the lost & found at the volunteer ctr.
Gotye at #5, Drake's "Motto" #4, Demi Lovato's "Give Your Heart A Break" is #3...and now 's "Best Song Ever" is 2!
Studied my kerr map like crazy.
85 deg. and sunny, and you're not outside? #confused. Grab your bike & head to the Strip for Sat. market madness.
I got my diamonds up againts thaaa wood ;)
Unless we know the real inventory levels that are in the banks system, the data we see is speculative and incomplete.
u can do it really! I lost 100! If u want someone in ur corner meet me on FB/SweatyBitz . I know it looks hard-1 step @ a time
Just saw this CHURCH SIGN: The church is a gift from God- some assembly required.
You should probably just leave now.
Taking 30 minutes to shower, Because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life..... Anyone else?
I meant wonderful...
I 2nd that
WILLIAMS FUNERAL HOME FIRE UPDATE...Still burning...one side of home has collapsed & destroyed...stayed tuned for more......
First snow in Chicago
so many people like me 0:
We will pick one of our followers to win a FREE dinner for 2 this weekend! RT & tell ur friends to follow us now!
We are excited for tomorrow’s Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce 2012 Business Expo & Small Business Conference. Stop by and say hello!
I have enjoyed the recent batch of Will Arnette hulu commercials. They had a good one during the Super Bowl, too.
we're kick ass at modesty. Nobody's more modest. We won a modest contest by not showing up. Ha.
lol, mybad. im boutta text you back !! QT : I KNOW YOU GOT MY TEXT!
When it comes to endorsements nothing breathes "I don't know how to inhale through my nose" like "I haven't made up my mind yet."
Keep haters confused by smiling, no matter what they try against you.
haha i know! Didn't even start that paper...that's tomorrow's adventure :)
Justin Bieber shouldn't be so hard to remember.
....Oh my god. You're going to BAGBY.
Slowly falling apart
live...love...suck me dry of all my money. NOMO.
I hate Romney. He's just as bought as Obama
Watching the movie > than reading the book.
You can't even keep up with your lies.
I should just dissapear forever.
Working hard in the studio..
checked out your site for the first time, nice!
For all ma niggaz & biatches! Once again... :D.
#FF Have a great weekend!
Free Laptop were giving away next month is also one of our top selling laptops....It's a Dell Inspiron M5030....Enter the contest to win..
oh hell yes :D I need a picture with you!
can't speak for them on that one but i'll glad you'll be there :]
Thnx for quick reply! Is there an easy way to access tweet history? R u using same twitter ID this year?
What is "hot stuff?" What is "the wrong place?" And how does it knock you out in the 4th inning?
RT : #WhyDoiAlways complain about everything but never do shit to help the problem
I hate that she don't say nothing
LOLL LOLLLOLOLOL David that just made me HOLLA laughing! LOL LOL!!! Too funny!
We have many new gaskets of all kinds in and some new Chrome plated Oil pans in our walk-in store.
reading Pinks' A Whole New Mind really makes me want to pursue some right-brained creativity
Have you checked Mona Lisa's market on India?
CONGRATULATIONS AUTIE ALI!
Finally hit the 1,000 follower mark. Now only 998 points until I reach 1,000.
Want anything from McDonalds?
F and I are at T's T-ball game while the rest of our family finishes up pre-visit chores. My sister's plane arrives in 3-1/2 hours!
any chance there is an English language broadcast for Mexico v Columbia tonight?
ABDUCTION tonight!!!
I feel you. I believe that most men would not keep a woman that he knows cheated on him.
Crazy thanks to for putting our Vets Museum 7" front and center on Record Store Day. You guys are too good to us.
awesomeness RT : By Ed? “: was just introduced as the "honey badger" of #Linc”
Damnit, I wish my body would let me sleep past 7am!
Haha yes it is.. :P I'm being ignored by five people.
I got designated laker haters that hit me up every time we lose. Who pays you Fuckers?!
"faded faded faded my nigga I'm faded faded faded" #NP tyga & Lil Wayne
I still haven't started my project for health yet.. And it's due tomorrow.
We're so excited to see all these applications coming in! Looks like Summer 2012 will be a great year.
watching Scary Movie 2 on the E! Channel. This shit is funny as hell. Bring back Wayans Bros!!!!!!
Right??? Crybabies!!!
" The less you care & worry, the happier you will be"
I hear the place that replaced it is good though!
please share the tool. Do you have a link?
Yeah the whole 12 man theme pretty lame i thought Pete Carroll would make his own theme but apparently not.
Watching hey Arnold .
Got home. Mom said get in the car we're going to the doctor. K sweet I couldn't even PEE
Anyone know what the weather is going to be on May 6th. Thanks
Ha. Keep believing that. This is the year for the !
tweet tweet migrated back. I am sitting on a sunny perch writing some lyrics after 2 conferences. Chirp.
This is not recent news but I don't know why it bothers me that #Pluto was downgraded from a planet to a star.
they need someone with a functioning arm.
I hate stalkers/creeps with an egg as their default that tweet me talking bout "massage with free sex" O___O the fuck!
how sad...
The RUT is in travel mode to Wisconsin for 7th annual Pond Hockey championships Feb. 10-12
Just cause a bitch showing big titties n ass dont mean ama like they photo....
Happy birthday !!! xoxoxo
he called them cupcakes xD and they listened x)
Naps during the day=Up all night.
I have been alone all day with warring children getting on each & every last nerve. Not how I wanted to spend the day before my #LTYM show.
'Tis better to follow than to be followed. --
RT : Q3. Social Studies is a study of what people did to change their own world.It has nothing to do with dates.#sschat <-yay!
poverty is a state of mind. Go to a socialist country to live if you don't like it here
touché! I'm surprised they're not on top of this.
a.k.a twitterless krista got a twitter :O FOLLOW HER NOW ! #please 
"True Life feels more like enjoying old friends then sitting through church.." -From a attendee this past sunday. #LoveThat!
Hi! I will give u complementary tennis lessons next time ur in NYC :)
Im so stupid
It's Monday night everyone, you know what that means..Get those votes in for and Peta!
Viernes de fiesta!
We supply that #International Supply!
Those people that irritate the fuck out of me.
Seeing 'Rip Dick' a thousand times is better than experiencing it once
Great post on how to write a good blog post...
A BALK!!!!! GET HIS ASS OUT OF THERE. THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE NOW
It's been 3 hours since the #pacers game and I'm still ticked.
Thank you . So much
Come in and try out all our new arrivals of your FAVORITE yoga/athletic wear in our boutique. skirts, shorts, leggings, tanks & more!
I want to play Naoto too! >_> But atm I think I'll be on the Akihiko ride.
guys, is description enough? Someone ask it!
can follow back this Mexican fan!! :)
Thank you my friend!
i want you to write a book. you can call it "how to be awesome."
Are you gonna kiss me or not?-Thompson Square
When you realize your annoying so you try to be less annoying... but then you make it worse. -.-
That awkward moment when you catch someone starring at you, so you just slowly look away.
Dawson now imposing his will w his superior athleticism
Now every single moment
Off work today!!!
Its been a while since i have had a late conversation on the phone :o
Hi Shar, thanks, we made it to JFK.
I just want you, through the bad, and the good. The ups and the downs. As long as I'm with you it doesn't matter.
damn I with Ben Masel was still around, -fighting govt's for charging people to assemble was his bread & butter
the lead character in my new upcoming book New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Bradley Scott is a Redhead.
What did you dress up as for Halloween?
. the winner of today's Democratic primary will almost certainly become Mayor; that's why *voting today* is so important!
ManU while still good aren't the giants they once were. Time to reload.
And ask for pussy tonight. Go on, I dare you.
She said she saw the party on nightIQ
DAVID YOST the PEOPLE and the NATION never knows when MITT ROMNEY will change his position and we all end up as SALTY DOGS. CRUELLA DI VILLE
summertime man
PE0PLE THESE DAYS!!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson #11: Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you are.
I love you. <13
Sadness! I sent it before Christmas! It was a little book. I even sewed the binding!
*meant so*
Bet RT : good do no excuses when I hit u up lol
DREAMers have feetintwoworlds.org. Send your 2-3 min video stories to
I am taking down the christmas tree/decorations. The holidays are officially over. :0(
I think I'm in love with Hope Solo.
Excuse me #LAKERS but you do NOT blow a 19 pt lead on the damn
Just got an email from reminding me that it's my 13 year eBay anniversary. My wife of 10 years may get jealous...
Very worried about Game 7
City bound...first exam today...one tomorrow...then two on weds...summer I need you now
I got nothing against the Cubs, but Bruce?! That's crazy talk!
Ferrari rally/polo match in Watermill...should be entertaining, to say the least.
I swear this is the longest hour of my whole entire life -__-
It is 1 thing to say “I was there last Wednesday,”but if you have subway ticket, the photograph,t-shirt,then everyone knows you were there.
Guess what? We're celebrating our 100th anniversary this year and so are ! Happy 100th to us!!
everybody you encounter in life offers an opportunity for you to learn from/with. #Wisdom can be accumulated this way.
Keep your questions coming! The final panel is on its last speaker and almost ready for Q&A...
See the people behind it. Truly trolling. But yes, I see it in context of a larger whole as well.
I hope so. I was scared for my life ,lol
$25 Restaurant Gift Certificates for $5. Great for Gifts. Save money while on vacation. Try a new restaurant. www.majkltravel.net shopYTB
as they are scheduled. They are every couple months
ping. did you get my e-mail from last week?
#wingalaxytab I would use it at work on those days that just drag on... (everyday) reading ebooks and my rss feeds.
business home based
I'm guessing that JPMorgan Chase was betting on the Caps to win game 7. Tough $2 billion loss.
first world problems?
How foolish to punish ourselves when Christ has already paid the full penalty
i should call in and go hide out in chicago lol
Can't even find nobody name I no on these jant
Seriously quit creepin on me.
Best cure for this cold, ALCOHOL!! We have plenty, come down and have a drink or two.
If UW makes 13, I'm okay with a few fast breaks. RT : that means a Syracuse 'w'. Easier to run on long rebound than a TO
I have an idea for your show. DM if you can.
RT : The question is what would you give: money or time?
agreed; I think we need a more diversified social media presence and to keep up with the new stuff (i.e. pinterest)
dnt got nun to say
Come on PACKERS!! Take No Prisoners!!!
started the painstaking process of copying all of my cds to itunes...all 500+
How are you?
Its working now! Thanks much!
I really hate I'm lame on Twitter but hey dats why we got facebook 4 huh?
Not OK with this cold weather! Need to move to a much warmer place
Gotta wait and see practice reports on Friday, but probably Hillis
Lots of love going around! We love and you and ! (via )
Now you know bi***** Love that!! But at the same time I feel like he should stick to mixtapes until he finds the REAL him
Don't forget to visit us @ KMart on US31 in Greenwood tomorrow...see u there
Sweet. Sweeter than georgia peaches
Is there a worse piece of fucking candy than Bottle Caps? Jesus Christ.
The #world doesn’t need any more yes men, what it needs are more misfits because they see things
Best moment at in Aville today: my friend's kid tried to blow out the "birthday candles." Aka: candles folks light when praying.
Take care, your worship, those things over there are not giants but windmills.
How do you anticipate a slow news day? Anytime government offices are closed, it’s a slow news day.
#SuperTuesday 2012 sure is coming down to the wire, wow.
In national news today, one of the top business opportunities ? "The Pawn business.
That's awesome.
Map. Reduce. Repeat.
Happy Birthday! Happy Friday the 13th.
I'm laying in the dark and out if nowhere i hear a faint"hello?" Come through my phone ...pretty freaky
Oh shit, I need dress clothes now.
can u follow me on twitter bro?
ICT - Legal Music
Thoroughly enjoying the Minnie the Moocher station on Pandora!
I can now, officially, add puppeteer to my resume. Come see XPT! This weekend only at the Center for Puppetry Arts.
Catholic guilt.
1st radio spin today for 's debut CD "Prisoner of Love" on DC's 89.3FM WPFW! Big thank u to & !
hahal! :) yep lazy days are necessary every now and then, right? x
After the click? Where do clicks land. Is it optimized. Does it make sense with the CTA. You need to close the deal.
Excited to hear read from new book The Armageddon of #Funk....minutes away
Where is I need to copy her paper
I'm taking a tour with their CEO on Tuesday (who you would like by the way). Any specific complaints I can pass along?
Happy Mother's Day to you, too! Thank you.
My phone is broke i am going to get a new one asap
Hey, you too! Glad to see your essay highlighted!
“: My throat really hurts.” RT that's what happens when you suck a plethora of penises. When's my turn? 😏 kidding.
I beez in the house !
Up up up up up up!:)
welcome to twitter lol
Jason, check out elance.com, especially if you're open to consultants.
if you a trumpet player dating a particular popular bass player & dump her
Maybe that's why they moved out. "good help is hard to find"
Things not to say when you rear end someone. 'oh sorry, I wasn't paying attention'
im so hella bored ugh
Spotify caches anything you listened to recently on your hard drive.
": 243 days til kick off. That tweets for you " tick toc tick toc
and thank u as well
Right now is a rebroadcast of our Ex Fabula December Spectacular on WMSE!
ur a gye mahomie (ur name duhh) OMG I don't know any ah U ROCK !!!! An my eyes are nicee too hahaa ;) x
We will be closing today at 5pm for our Annual Employee Appreciation Christmas Party. Normal Hours tomorrow
Kemp gets behind in the count almost every at bat recently.
The next person that gets on an elevator to go up or down one floor will receive a cock punch from me, regardless of gender.
Which Videos Everyone Talkin About
Felton just got a T for that?? And Kobe got nothing for his tantrum on the Bench???
RT Good news! As far as I can tell small businesses are hiring & doing great right now. 2012 looks like it will be a big year.
Went to get my ruined pedi fixed. One toe. Touched it to see if it was done. Nope! Lady has to do it a 3rd time -.-
we did!!
Jordan alleged misconduct against Bowie principal makes it difficult for him to continue his job at the campus.
My name is Athena Mayen and I approve this message!
Any good #movies released??? Share with
I use khaki envelopes for ALL of my cards. I don't know what I'm gonna do! Guess I should stock up now... :(
Hey thanks for the follow! Looking forward to seeing your work
#Top10Lies I made it myself.
hey, brother. long time. got that phd yet?
Spotted::" Memorial Art Gallery, A suprisingly fine collection for a midsized city. This is really worth visiting." TNX Bernunzio's
interferential is a medium frequency current, not a high. TENS uses square wave, interferential uses sign wave.
so...of course I haven't finished the paper that's due tonight (in fact, haven't started); but it felt like a good idea to go shopping 😏
halfway through the virtual trade show...
Is there a reason to use folks (or not use folks) that I'm missing? Other than to make things fit in 140 characters? ;)
Feel like I got hit by a car last night.....did I get hit by a car last night?
Just in time
That's just another way of saying you think he's pickled. #william shatner
I was born and grew up in Ada, OK & then moved to OKC in high school. Great to meet another Okie!
I don't like the feeling of being entertaining
make it 11 and we have a deal. lol
Boutta get some waffle house
of course!
Yeah, the books are a good idea, poorly implemented. Better than the tv show, though.
you totally rocked Detroit just now!
They are ready for you to start playing for them.
interesting idea, 's intranet server name is Beaumont.
didn't give me a heads up, now is about to give me a wooping for not bringing snacks
I will be there❤
GO TO SLEEP, BEETWEEN 3,SEVEN,LIONS,NOW! :'D
planning on a down coat.
Is engagement a means to other learning outcomes or an end in itself?
Can I get out of here already -.- ugh
RT : ☮ Peace begins with a smile. ☮ ~ Mother Teresa
Moving on the Hey Hey Bar. See you all there.
": hate it when I can't find my lighter.. Good Morning ! Its 4:20 somewhere" rise and grind.
Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts
yes! But when we meet will we be talking through twitter at the table or using our voices? Lol!
I'm reading a lot about SM as if SM=Marketing. As mktg exec interested more in best ways to leverage SM within my global mktg strategy.
no, been sick lately. Hoping to do some editing today. I'll capture some stuff i shot for an experimental film & try to edit.
❒Single ❒Taken? Come support kids w cancer at date for a cure on May 1 !
I did Iyengar Yoga (for dancers) in college! Great, but hard!
Just a guess. Is super cozy?
Let's make it sooner than later We must plot something awesome to do!
Saddle shoes or duck boots.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. Zig Ziglar #RockTheReTweet”
and it sucks
Today's Get Energized tip: Change your furnace filter regularly, at least every three months.
hope you received my email. Few points I left out. Take another look. Could be a good fit.
I had a dream last night the Phils traded Halladay and Pence to someone for a 5th starter and one prospect I never heard of. Scary.
The tradition that could die off when we move. Brooklyn Bagel and Coffee Co.
Solid game Flyers!!! On to the next round!
Had to swap a 36 in for a 26. Wish I could proportional patch to 115%
Any students have questions? Call us at 800.343.9826
Most new clients come to me via the website. Word of mouth referrals come from happy clients.
already starting huh Mr Reggie Jordan? to bad the sideline got it in ur way in the rose bowl in 95
No. "volume scorer" is code for inefficient chucker RT : Cavs going to need a "volume scorer" for next yr with Jamison gone
I love your sexy post :D
Whad'ya know...mine sure do.
I don't know!! Why haven't you :)
Thanks! Shooting in mid-June. Should be nice and sticky :-)
Two more weeks in counting to see my prince charming
dying to see these Mardi Gras outfits!! Update your blog, beauty.
#AskTheDragon do you like brownies? :)
Great job matt!!!!! U earned all those followers!!!
Thinking of hiring someone to report on the doings of as a premium service. Applicants must be stealthy and have own disguises
There is porn all over jennifer lopez's performance... #DanceAgain ..o.O
What a great first public workshop! Thanks to the San Diego community for coming to support
Earthquake in DC Metro! I was in the pool, which was actually really fun.
100 Western Americana archival collections of ready for access Now only 400 more to go. Oy vey!
Not an accurate predictor. Leif has teeny ears & is, as we can determine, full-blooded Vulcan. Sounds like Faery royalty.
Tired of the cold? Don't worry cuz we're bringing theheat365.com ***Coming Soon*** The Worlds Hottest Internet Radio Station!!!
U know I don't think Christina Aguilar likes Justin tht much. Becuz she's always dissing him or giving the cold sholder. :/
count me in for the black keys in atlantic city next weekend! horse races in the afternoon, rock concerts at night
YOU DO! :D
I expect hourly updates and pictures!
That's great. I, too, am a North Carolinian BTW. :) Thanks for your support!
I disrespect the fact Education and Public School system has been abandoned by our society.
Haha, -I'm- not the famous one here. Sophie's taking all the glory (and giving a little to my Gordon-Freeman-lookalike roommate)
have turned the tables on the storytelling "we lived to tell the tale.Fortune befriends the bold!"
like hell without you!!
Isn't it both? Yes, leaders need to broaden the conversation to find new solutions but there are situational constraints?
AP Biology test in the morning. Aghhh
bleeehhhhh...working on this speech i have to give three times tomorrow in class for practice...not fun....(-___-)
You. Are. A. Comedian.
how on earth is Wisconsin not ranked by 4 of the 6 cimputers
Watching "The Unit" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hmm, looks like Dwight Howard and Pat Riley have something else in common.
follow: , she needs more followers (: go go go.'
That's what she said? (SIGH)
Ok my kid just pointed at a picture of Melissa McCarthy and said "Daddy!". Thanks, son.
im still so, mad at you. i want my food/monster back WHORE.
Yup, and she even sent the 1st message!
Why not both days?
Who wants a copy of my Wiz Khalifa - Black and Yellow parody?
I was also thinking it resembles Bruno Mars hair.
Yay! We reached 400 followers!!! Thank you guys!!!! :D
I'm in love with the Texas Rangers... Every single one
Sitting on park bench in Los Olivos. Daniel Gehr ports were amazing. Wife telling me how obnoxious the Gypsies were at bingo last night.
Wuh-Waaahhh...“: Anyone know what time the Gophers start to play? #nit”
“ I want sushi..... I feel like I need to eat it asap” me too!
follow us we will be awarding a lucky follower with a free limo ride
For some reason I got a feeling that he is lying to me. But idk guess I'll find out
Can't decide what to do this morning... Yoga or bike ride. Decisions. Perhaps I will do both.
What you don't have a private jet??....psssshhh hahaha
I just broke my iPod touch
Don't fix something that's not broken
Confidence is a very fragile thing. -Joe Montana
HELL YEA!!!!! im up for it cause YOLO LOL
A man needs to feel like a success, wants to feel like, "I have what it takes" John Eldredge
Btw can you have your vocals in mono instead of stereo?
Come kick off your 2012 Spring Break weekend @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington. 4 DJs playing the best of Hip Hop. Tonight 18 and over
Been up for 36 hours... So far. #dying -.-
And I absolutely luv NERDS
haha that's whats up...I wish u would of told me earlier but I already have 2 weddings and I think I may be going to NYC
i-i know that
how 2 get 2 followers) 1. follow me and girls notebook) 2. RT this) 3. tweet me done
I'm down this time
Good morning!!! Have a good day! I've day closer to Friday! That should definitely put a smile on your face! :)
I freakin hate Auto-Correct :@
Gospel Tour In Sweden! Having a blast over here as usual. The concert tonight was "Off Da Chain!" They "APPRECIATE (add value to) US" here!
#Humantrafficking makes a $32 billion profit annually - more than #Google, #Nike and #Starbucks combined. Help us end this
. not meant as snark-- I'm just ready for it to kick in!
Aww Window Seat, Music, & a Game always does the trick. She'll land before she knows it. SAFE FLIGHT, MADDIE! :)
I'm ok with Kirk Cameron being against gay marriage. He hasn't come out against taking it up the ass, so at least he's still honest.
Bruins In a crucial game 7
Do not want to be in school right now
There's a difference between boys and men
If I had the under there would be 15 runs in Houston right now.
SquE-Z it to the last drop!
I'll try to give you a hand if I can. I'll look at your stuff and keep in touch.
Keynote address. Room packed out.
Especially the way he handled losing a ball. RT : Steve was such a cutie
Back on twitter its been a long time.
MY PISTOL BIGGER THAN ME NIGGA
I know. I'm practically addicted to Black Black. :-)
Might hit up the pool later on. To hot up in Florida like fa real yo
oh that's true..
I really hope this car gets there soon...
Quote of the week from my 10 yo, "This kitten is purring all over me!"
When I feel like I can't go one you tell me to go.
the would not heal.
time for snack.... a smoothie by mcdonalds
im so tired!! but that play was High-Larious!
How much mucas can on worm have
Peeta: "Besides I like watching you sleep." o_o
no problem lady!
This biology class >>>>
unfortunately, you were not even born back then! ;)
what happened? :~(
So 2 trends are #Earthquake in DC and #Hurricane Irene . Yep It's the end of the world soon. Smh.
Hope you are feeling better today!
I want some macaroni
#VRAC2011 s/o to Holins U!
Plan how you will achieve your speaking and info marketing goals. Do whatever you have to do, not feel like doing, to achieve them.
": I fucking hate when people ignore my text. Now you know you see the mutha fucka TEXT BACK."
Not forgotten! Excuse our tardiness, we were creating automotive awesome outside of the office. ;)
Wahhh bamboozle is next weekend and I won't be there once again! Seriously the best line up I've seen!
for following
LOL GUD..AND U..U THE PATIENT? I SHOULD BE ASKING YOU
If I ask u " Who is this " EVERY time u text me OBVIOUSLY u not important enough for me to save your #
in LA? That's a lot of tickets!!
How Apple dodges billions in taxes: A concise guide
We are excited about the launch of HERSS and look forward to helping and servicing Healthcare IT startups and emerging companies.
