the boyz dancing with 8 flavahz makes me hate them fruit cups even more.
OhGosh! the guys @ work are talking crazy! it's hilarious.. I'm trying NOT TO blush, but I cant help it!
Now you've got my attention.
redneck word - exit: I decided to carry all the eggs n one basket so some exit the floor.
Lips So French, Ass So Spanish :*
My phone has been off the charger since 6:30am & my battery is still over 25% & keep in mind I watched porn this morning.
please mention me in a tweet
winter is mother natures way of saying "up yours" lol
Open Thursday until 5:30pm. Open Christmas Eve from 8am-2:30pm. Closed Christmas Day. Happy Holidays!
Ladies, I have the trifecta going: clean hair, a dress and a damn scarf. But come as you are.
Writing a paper about the persuasive techniques used in the #Kony2012 video. Most persuasive device: Russell's son saying adorable things.
what did we miss? Singing? Conspiracy? Hud?
we need some fitness tips from the amazing fitness trainer again! Let's get it started!!
Heading to Soupline fundraiser today at Seattle Sheraton!
Digital pre-orders are now open on bandcamp. Visit yellowlightmaybe.com, get them as soon as they are released, new single available too
it's just perfectly, amazing can't wait to hear more songs, so stoked :)
Very nice to meet you today
Much love for the RT! I hope you can join us! :)
Fantastic job on #SouthLAnd. You were great in The Pacific as well!
Omg so true worst thing ever :( : That awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone that you didn't even go out with.
did a scavenger hunt downtown for Alzheimer's Association. They're a blast!
I love Barcelona futbol!
The Titanic got a moment of silence. The Edmund Fitzgerald got a beer.
Well, there you go. Can't wait to see it.
let's get it
It's Friday the 13th & hanging with & once again from 9a-Noon. Do you think the hockey mask is too much?
My brain is mired in this overcast grey. I need to wake it up and get on with things.
and he just proceeded to tell me he's getting a permit to conceal carry and is also getting me a can of pepper spray... Uhmm.. What?
Openings this week - message me for days/times!
I'm gonna go to collin for 2?yrs and then transfer over to corpus A&M!! :))
Vos, you are such a weiner.
RT : RT : Isn't falling with the ball a travel?
Omg 2 of my fav coworkers are with me tonight its about to get crazy hha
Braiding my own hair is straining my good smoking hand. Lol
someone just told me ' yo. Kennedy is following u' bonus life level achieved- awesome to see you again!
i think tori kellys thinking about you is better than frank oceans.
RT Next one who calls my CD "Fast & FURIOUS" is gettin' a knuckle sandwich. @ SubCentric Smith Releases ‘Fast & Furious’
Turn the fuckin beat on!-jadakiss
We appreciate you! RT : I showed you some Love today.
Morning to all my doll face woman &Shoutz out all Sexy face menz's!!!!...
is looking forward to an afternoon with the Toledos.....a Bump Session and a 24mo Session. Snapshot to follow!!!!
The retina is delicate and can detach from its underlying tissue due to an injury to the eye. It's a serious vision-threatening condition.
Hm, I should throw a party.
Big day. Made a twitter. I think I might also buy an iPad. Bigger day.
That M&M commercial is hilarious
just a friendly reminder....
Looking forward to visiting #Monticello and warm, sunny VA!
middle of AZ the 8 branches off the 10..
“ Geez. So much respect for 's timeline.”
going good. How u been
Thanks for the follow ! We look forward to meeting. We love working with
I drive for work so I fill up every couple of days. It hurts.
Alcohol loves me
. Actually that movie is called Grace and the baby actually eats people.
so much work to do, and trying to keep up with invites from friends...not easy!
well, now I'm disappointed that I can't flap by your desk.
drive safe when you head home!
sharks are still my team, caps are #2...gotta root for someone!
Hahaha! Yeah lightning! I love it. Hope you enjoyed the storm too.
Thanks for the profile pic love and support. We're so excited about this trip!
Kitchen appliances help observant Jews keep kosher - Toronto Star
So glad 2 find it thr!. gr8 4 slicing, mac n cheese or ingredient when recipe calls 4 cheddar! In which city R U?
Thnx for the follow
Elections tonight for my tenants association! Then it's moving forward on #Oceanavegreenspace. Just in time for Spring!
Well of course signs up for Twitter on the 3rd day.
Heard some exciting stories about #oomf you'll be suprised
are u kidding i love math
Amish blueberry jam there's not enough in the world
Awesome thanks!
wow! Your apps look amazing. I'm going to have to download it and try it out (next winter of course). Thanks again!
RT: The cloud is moving so fast these days. Num. 9:15-23. We can’t camp out when God has moved on.Lord, help me 2 keep up with You.
oh ok. Yeah, it gets interesting, Dillon and Alyssa find themselves in some trouble. Can't give it away. Damn! :-P
Haha, IT'S SNOWING.
Any thoughts on where to get the best deal on a commercial loft in NYC - location not an issue as long as its in manhattan - space is key
I haven't eaten anything for the past 5 days really, and I'm trying to force myself to eat. Sucks because it just makes me sick.
2 pieces o' double fiber toast dummy! Now I won't be hungry for 3 days. LET US BREAK, MUTHAFUCKIN BREAD BABY!!!!
"Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile." -unknown. such a lovely truth!
thank you for your message. It is my pleasure.
haha I have one. It turned off though. Lol
- i shouldnt be sleeping alone tonight.. but whatever.
i said it once again, i said it once before #IJust,IJust,maaanIJustWannaKnow
- I read shampoo bottles, too. Ladies, get over yourselves.
Looks like VCU will hold on and advance to #CAA final against #Drexel. Amazing after the start they had.
related to space day celebration: today is the anniversary of Alan Shepard making it to space in 1961,altitude 115.696 miles
I'd give a good amount of money to have this girl's stomach.
asteris RT from Iran websites close to Mousavi are warning people of pre-staged violence in today's rally
Who is the woman in Hollywood who says she's so hot she can turn straight women to lesbians? Trash is on the way.
i'll check it out. i liked prison break but sometimes it felt like they were making it up as they went along.
“: yep, hes spending the night with me.” That's good to know cause everyones gonna get really pissed now .
PRSA Seeks Thought Leaders to Present at 2012 International Conference in San Francisco
How long do you brush your teeth for?? Time yourself! It should be at least two minutes!!
Breaking: Eliot Spitzer will forgo his new gig at Current TV to pursue a career in the
I'm pretty sure this girl sitting next to me at Satellite is a cyborg. I'd take her picture, but I'm afraid she might kill me...
I'm on the third floor with & ! Come on up!
Pigeon Forge
The Mediocre Five
Good Tuesday morning! We're having fun on the !
Heading out. What a beautiful day the LORD has made let's rejoice an be #Thankful for seeing this day. Thank you Father.
That's ok to have early nights! Is tonight another one? :)
then you have already smoked yourself stupid. haha .
well daaammmnnn... We need to hang soon!!
There will be nothing left, NOTHING.
I miss you Oregon folk! Keep fighting the good fight!
thanks for the article! Sounds like a fantastic conference!
add me on facebook
Carrie & Rafe, ugh. Wish the would go down in the explosion.
For mission to be a lifestyle, we participate in God’s mission of grace and reconciliation, not just on specially designated “trips.”
and 1% stupid.
YES!!! RT : Gators now running the semi-stall, still scoring. Up a touchdown at 14-7.
lady gaga shouldn't have more followers than justin bieber.
Come down tonight to and hang out as we celebrate my homie 's Birthday!! will be DJing all night!!
Woo! has officially expanded from coast to coast and has access to tons of venues in every single state now!
he's studyin for his AP test ya knows
So, I'm guessing Hugh Jackman owes someone a MONSTER f* favor, right?
Thanks to Barbarella Restaurant in LJ for goin' all out for us AM show! 4:30AM has to fun somehow! Cheers!
#oxymoronbattle Military Intelligence
Major dilemma: It's frappuccino happy hour yet it's cold outside. What's a girl to do?
no no no you got me fucked up friend..
I can send you a free chapter in PDF if you would like a smaple of the book? LMK!
None of this is ok or "not a big deal". Love if this shit would happen to you.. You don't even know.
what series is this!?
Sexy #Halloween Costume Contest - Gallery Nightclub Las #Vegas - Call Chris direct for table reservations at 1-855-666-7321,
MY SWEET SIXTEEN IS TOMORROW DSFALDKSJD
Oh yeah, Dani asked you out. I think that's really cool. Shows she has guts. The chick who asked me out is a comic geek, too.
Not a Slurpee. Put it back :)
you're listening to the station?
That awkward moment when you walk in your room & One Direction aren't in your bed...
I wish I could train my cats to CLEAN their litter box, as much as they USE it.
spell correctly rebecca!!!!!
I wish I pass my AP exam tomorrow.
Bordeaux's André Lurton Takes on a Partner (Wine Spectator) Leading French bank takes a sizable stake in seven châteaus, helping secure f
TY for the RT of "BEACH SLAPPED" the film clip!
I wish i could sing
where is work? let me know how much a tranny is.
Anyone who does not understand your silence, hardly understand your words.
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to get serious with my life yet I still manage to fuck up everyday
sauce i need a clean radio mix 4 my dance 2morrow.holla @ me
awesome day!
The new album is almost done being mixed. It's going to be rad!
life is GOOD
Paul MIllsap got SNUBBED.
#FactsNewTeamMindessShouldKnow Roc loves it when u grab his ass!!! It gets him excited 😏
it was great, there was prob about 450!
okay! -waits for you in the apartment- :)
Milwaukee Bucks 81 Washington Wizards 88 End Of 3rd #bucks #wizards #nba (Via )
Having some sick margaritas at jimmy carters?
oh...it was the photo of me and Dorian..i forgot i had already posted it so i deleted it!
Is that Jesse L. Martin?
Did all of my hw yayyy
save20 saved some peeps about $150 on their shipping bill in january. c our website.
OMG ELENA!!!!!! Finally....the kiss we've been waiting for!!!
So, lang itself not monolithic. Like other tech, it develops more sophisticated iterations. cf: Snowcrash
I hope is having fun meeting #UMiami students at 's EPIC event today!
Also on the #CV agenda tonight: 3rd Ave. Streetscape plan on hold due to uncertain redevelopment funding. Meeting begins at 4 p.m.
No hate on #demi but I think they show woulda been fine with
Asm Olsen inquires about regulations with respect to civil disobedience... Tough to establish #student rules surrounding campus
Email Only Offer - Tournament of Kings: Tournament of Kings Tickets 20% Discount. Exclusive Email Offer $36.05
RT : Build your list. Joint ventures w/experts who have an established database.
que's eso?
Throwback Thursdays with and Sarah!
Yaa, I wanna see them but we could just go the other way
Thanks to Maury Povich, a lot of dudes are "celebrating" fathers day today.
"I recognize you from twitter!"
I'm going to drive a car today. First time in a while. I feel dirty, but got lots of visits to do where there isn't great cycle parking.
I wish i didnt have a headache, stayed in bed all day :/
We do have a pause button! Don't be afraid to use it!
But I guess it would also be fair to say, what drama was to grey's anatomy, it is now to the good wife.
Wow you're tall! Why yes I am Talented, Amazing, Lovely & Loved! Thank you for noticing..lol #TeamTall #teamtallgirls #teamlonglegs ;)
Glad we could accommodate last night's Marketing SIG. Great learning about branding 's #Snapdragon processors.
That last video link, btw, is our favorite TED Talk ever.
I know! Overwhelming.
Well-said! People seem to forget how varied the American people are.
I've been hunkered down all day. Apparently there was some news (stadium deal, sensor stuff, Twins won...oh wait).
no im asking if that's what you talking about? lol
The Silk Tie likes Frank!
Those who I follow needs to follow me back and more
THANK GOD FOR GOOGLE VOICE LMAO!
when did they show him?
Will you follow ?! They're having a benefit concert soon with upcomming artist to raise money for charity! <3
The class is playing bingo math, that's gay dude!!
Great great great great night 😭❤
Vinnie LaRocksta And His Confidants Will Perform One To Three Nights Weekly In Random Detroit Spots Unexpectedly For The Next 3 Months
New #TDAmeritradePark is looking pretty solid...wish it were warmer
currently reading 's YA Molly Fyde series. If you have an older child who's into space travel sci fi, I HIGHLY recommend it.
Digging the drift.
I'm busy grinding its my time for God's favor it's my time 2b blessed!! I believe in my future if I don't who will!!!
I'm officially not watching smackdown any more. I cant stand him on Raw, not about to put up with him on both shows
Is way too overly excited about Lion King merchandise at Walmart.
watchin' Daddy's Little Girls on #BET....that movie is so emotional to me
The #healthieststate Start Somewhere Walk is in the middle of our Gov. Health Bowl - maybe we could coordinate one in WA too
Nathan Ryan Ninjas
dear mommy, TAKE ME TO GET MY FRIGGIN PHONE!
At 3:00 am Wednesday morning, an armed group of criminals broke into a house in the town of Cerralvo, Nuevo LeA3n.
OK THEN!
currently working on my new website then I will share some :)
A special #HappyChristmas to
NOW let's see if Zack Ryder takes Eve back! lol. But that was freakin amazing! MWUAHAHAHAHA!
seriously cannot wait till june.
is lukie really white?
thepulse983STATIK SELEKTAH LIVE IN THE MIX ON THE PULSE--POWER 98.3 WHERE HIP HOP LIVES!!!! --Termanology on deck!
OMG WOW, I just heard your song on Radio Rebel, AMAZING, JUST ABSOLUTELY AWESOME :)))
Midterm exams, I think. Doesn't really matter what the topic is, just that time of the year for students.
Even Twitter seems too verbose for me lately.
He called Me Hun (: , i think thats cute ..
I blame the weather. It made everything all whack
#GenEd12 Augmentation of the network part of discovery has massive implications for higher ed...& not just in Sciences.
Working on basic HTML websites in class...looking good!
Eat the elephant!
- thanks for the follow Alex
I say that as someone on the admin/budget side in a union house.
grrrr my dad is like its to far. Yet i can walk to the delilmfaaaoo
I bet Liz can see this
Congratulations to Lauren Cumbess for throwing her 1st no-hitter at UK, and to the softball team for winning the series against Georgia.
Hey are u a boy belieber? :)
Whitney Mercilus shared that he will likely be used as a pass rusher year one and learn how to drop into coverage as he progresses.
You're very welcome - congratulations on your award - awesome project!
“: Thanks again for my delicious sushi :3 #happyfatgurl” no problem! We're def gonna do it again :P
Isn't Robin Swoboda married to a former Browns player? Brian something... Help me out someone....
My pleasure. Happy first Mothers Day as well.
and baby you know i dont have much time cuz my practises starts 4pm......... and i rlly have to go now:(
Who will be our 5,000th "like"? Stay tuned!
Great end to the 3rd Qtr #Bulls came from down 1 to up 10 & that 3 by Deng was great!
I hate the word "utilized."
New York :I
please follow me!!!:D!!!
Happy Monday to all and looking foward to a productive work week!
134 certificates have been purchased today for a total savings of $1,206. You pay $1 and you get $10 at Mad Dog's Eatery. www.dealoria.com
not we dont each other, but im about cough up a lung
Don't fall off the exercise wagon. Get back to your routine ASAP!
"I don't care if Monday's blue, Tuesday's gray and Wednesday too, Thursday I don't care about you, It's Friday, I'm in love."
An all-day GAME OF THRONES review-marathon has left me mentally drained. So I'm just cheating and going with a six minute doc today.
Guys: When you ask a girl who they like and they say "nobody": 1% are telling the truth. 5% are lying. 94% that "nobody" is you.
who won tazah
We'll see about the flight, but I'm hoping to have a lot of fun in Dallas! :)
#now following you both put me on via
All the products are free shipping, and the the price is competitive, and also can accept the paypal payment
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
When Filipinos run out of patis D; I can't live any longer...
RT : I'm going to go preview the house just to check it out ;) >Thank you for qualifying what you're going to preview!!!
Bite me.
Finalizing deal with Cox AZ to film Dialogue Series.
The act of putting pen to paper encourages pause for thought, this in turn makes us think more deeply about life, which helps us regain...
Just to Chicago? Or further?
Tweeting with owl family tonight...Molly and McGee's four baby owls in San Marcos...
I really wish I was the voiceover lady for Oxygen's hit show "Snapped".
And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me.
funny. That is familiar headline with the Bush brothers.
Great house tour fundraiser today in the Detroit Shoreway neighborhood. Lots of people checked out Robert Maschke's sublime white boxes.
Thank you for the #FF! xx
Talk to people until you find what you are looking for.
March already??? Wow.
Boys with soft lips
holy sheet. glad you and the MIL are ok.
Keep pushing!! U r almost there
Got three Dave Matthews Band tickets
Well i made it to my personal room finally. Yeesh and still waiting.
Only in class for two periods today and it still wasn't good. Smh.
I like the whole single, party, fun, flirty thing. But I love the whole taken, being loved thing more.
My life as Liz
She ain't gone be able to love you like I will
Lol will do :) RT : many tweets and vlogs please!!!!!!
I did call she said we couldn't :(
If Courtney doesn't get a rose tonight I predict a cameraman or two are going to get some hot action with her. Oh snap!
Thanks! I think all research becomes (me)search at some point. Recognition of where one fits :-)
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #tech because...he has a fun smile
I just read the Wiki page for Bear Grylls. I'm going to shut my mouth right now and quit whining.
the keystone ppl jobs would seem to be temp whn its built no more jobs it wont take as many to run it
Rush know better, he don't belong to Bones.
Going to check out new studio space with MOVEius can find permanent dance rehearsal space! suggestions, anyone?
Listening to Wayne Shorter's Speak No Evil
follow back? please :)
“: So many of you would have been content being slaves. I would have been a run away. Sure would have.” I woulda got caught 🏃🐶
you are welcome and we have to support one another.
I may be in over my head sometimes but until im proven wrong im gonna stick to whats best.
Canon promisses new cameras with image quality that approaches ...
ay were playin #FadedFest n were sellin wristbands $15 gives u admission to all the venues, 70 artists, n 3 free drinks
CEO Kathleen Feely "There is a need, especially in this economic climate, for more integrated services."
Max Green "I like my dick dude! I needed spice up this interview, I figured I was already naked on here. But my favorite body part on other
Orville Albright might play with Brendan Benson and Jack White, but last night his amp was set up next to mine
Oh good. Still can watch it then. :)
people would never know it, but the internet generation is the death of the GOP. 65/35 pro gay marriage, pro choice, etc.
They low down, they dirty, they some snitches...
Lord Jesus, take control of that situation. It's not right, just my opinion. "We" need to open up our 's The truth is the truth.
Thanks for the follow. Keeping up with you!
haha that makes it even more tasty!
On my way to prom!
It's Tampico Tuesday! Today feels like a Tropical Punch kind of day… how about you?
it is . Lots of fun but to noisy.. No volume control.. And if I here slight work... Motto .. Or beyonce song I'm going to scream
no, THANK YOU! Keep on doing what you're doing because it's people like you who make an impact.
Omg I forgot today was a friends bday. Happy birthday dana!! Lol
Hey Man! ;3
Austin, I am in you.
RT : RT : Q5) Stop making people find learning opportunities. Make learning part of the job.
how are you?(:
Haven't played for 4 days now, and probably won't get time until like Wednesday.
What to look for in the upcoming #ROC rental guide: neighborhood descriptions, questions to ask landlords, and a comprehensive apt directory
yeah. I was more than half kidding. Post op Tiger Girl keeps me busy...
where u wrk
Have a great Day Yall, knowledge learned today forgives yesterdays ignorance
so true but follow me please!
Thats a great photo!
I have two feet and miracle to make
Looking forward to this mad men season premiere.
I've always been a fan or the light/dark green schemes like in Autzen or Nebraska's memorial stadium. Think it'd look good for
Insanity runs in my family. It practically gallops.
Thirsty for a cocktail, but gotta myself for ASU game :/
I haven't tweeted in like 72917392738 years D;
Saying my day could not get worse was not a challenge
everybody knows that the bird is the word. ;3
Better not to have neighbors whose guests aren't going to ask me to move my car this early in the morning
one more class ugh
Pittsburgh still has tons to be proud of. We had a decade of ridiculous winning. It might be a while here.
Who knew? “: Fun fact: "Jenga" is Swahili for "Build"”
Saw David Letterman Live fo free!!!!!! And saw YOU WERE AMAZINGG!!!!!!! #1Fan love you Jason!! You're music is amazing!!
oh hai woman I did not see you thar!!What a fucked up week!!I need a tim whoretons ™ and a pancake!!
Walking through a ghost town on furlough friday.
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!! :)
I hate going to Costco.
alright I'm at metropolis
HAVING money should never keep you from forgetting where u came from....Bottom to the top!
DYK? Alpha Phi Alpha’s motto is “First of all, servants of all, we shall transcend all”
still part of the weekend
Given how old our QB is, do we need to draft his successor at 37 so he's ready when Weeden retires in a few years?
Counting down the hours until the season opener of TRUE BLOOD!!
It's my birthday and it has been such amazing day
All those fairy tales are full of shit..
hey thanks for the link. yeah, we'll need to be using those guys come fall... funny thing, i used to work for them!
why does everyone say I'm shy, I'm a little shy but not that much
And I congratulate you on having him as an analyst. Meeting him at Penn Station because I missed my train was a huge honor!
I have to be careful what I read when I'm writing fiction. I've heard other novelists say the same.
It’s extremely frustrating when you spell a word so incorrectly that even spell check isn’t able to help you out.
Checkpoint in east los on Whittier near target... spread the word
I gotta memorize them. :P
We need a ViccityBearGuy on Twitter...
Okay so I really need to co-wash my #naturalhair... But that means staying up late knowing I have to get up early... DAMN IT
WTF is the move today?
hey girl we been missing u here on twitter... hope u stay a while... miss u... and see u sooner than later... ;-)
This twitter account makes so much more sense to me than Pinterest itself:
that's for you to find out :)
Thank you! He is my angel. Growing way too fast for me though.
What will you leave behind for your people?
One last wish from Santa is a Packers win over the Bears
not only do the cats wait outside my door now at night, but every time I search a video on Youtube an advertisement in Vietnamese comes up
Right now I am so hot
Hey check put our YouTube for new videos go to our website for a link www.WithoutDelayBand.com
What the F is going in OTH?
and rivalry continues tomorrow who's ready!?
#JobsAct...read about in Black Enterprise mag too, crowdsourcing is a great opp for sm biz
Hail Mary attempt falls short. Penn State 16 - IU 10.
- Nice quote. Gotta love the Greatest of All Time, the "Louisville Lip". Ever been to the Ali museum?
LOL Max Keiser is so incendiary, but you will learn a lot about economics from him.
The Forward poetry prize at 20 - The Guardian
3000+ friends on Twitter, that's awesome!!
Jesus: the great Mystery in manners; the ultimate Grace in nature; the newest thing to ever happen under the Sun; son of God, son of Man.
i really miss you :(( friday cant come quick enough :/
nope! Wait do i know u!
I think the hardest part of holding on is letting it go.
i love your tumblr <3 Haha..anyway.. Pleeaase follow me on twitter please? ;D it would mean so much, you have no idea. :)
Instead of going to brunch or getting our nails done or going shopping my mom wants to go on a run to spend time together
yea yea, how Slovakia treatn u?
I'm not saying there are some literal superstars here tonight. I'm just sayin'. I mean, I'm NOT sayin'
sounds like a groovy plan haha. But do I have to help package them this time?
3 DAYS!!!! eeeppp!! now I get to tweet non stop about my trip!!
Well, snow tires were in use this morning!
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
Thank you, good suh. Mr. Lincoln was indeed our finest President.
McIlroy working on being being halfway to the Thursday slam
Let me know what versions you listen to!
HARRY STYLES IS NAKED!!!! now that i have your attention, go follow !!! x
I'm one of the top commenters in Shane's vlog
They consider blogs a presentational/journaling tool.
I won my first time at trivia night at Shakespeare's. Let me know.
": BALLS!" Here's a listener!
Participating in the Out of the Darkness Walk in Anchorage. Alaska is a great state, we shouldn't lead the nation in suicide.
nice!! Thanks for the tweet! You're our 2nd tweet since the update! Hope you like the app!
Is it short people day on campus
All good things must come to a end!!! ✌
Be a source of light in the darkness of others sorrows.
#thingsiwillmissincollege In-N-Out
I challenge you to a duel.
Not sure. Probably a Nomad.
A great time working the yesterday blown away (again) by the powerhouse of sound that is DZ! Can't wait to have her back...
Experience - the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
Witness quoted saying "He was just firing."
I AM following you, but thought you might like to know I personally almost never follow people who tweet more than 4 or 5 times/day
You're a real sonuvabitch for that Padres highlight tweet.
Why would my manager put the two Mexicans to close tonight on cinco de mayo?! ;(
i am too....haha
Going back to GA today got my shxt together finally.
please Ari<3 pick me? I have tryed for 2 years nonstop now ;*
I cant deny that I love you but I lie If I have to..
Other sports have teams they don't feel major league either. I'm a Royals fan, I know.
yupp, why you don't like them?
Yes im so going to watch Pet Cemetary by myself, and yes im so going to regret it.
I cant make you love me!
Here's to the Mahomies who never fail to tweet "I Love You" to Austin before they sleep, in case they will die the next day. lol I do(;
Attended NoVa Dem Biz Council this a.m. in Falls Church-now in Newport News, heading into the fantastic annual Peninsula JJ Dinner.
A friend of mine characterizes leaders simply like this: Leaders don't inflict pain
I'M LIKE CRYING.
OSAMA DEAD? Really?
Join Team Thomas for Harry Thomas, Sr. Day @ Taft ES fun starts @ 12pm!
Home on a Sat night with my little babe while the big babe is working on stage...
just imagine being the guy staying home with the kids while his wife is at C2E2 - she better bring me something
Happy New Year! Karate chopping 2012 in the throat won't be easy, but let's try.
Grapes... Can't help myself...
hey there:)
Great Movie......But this House Party is too Classic!! Forgot how good it was...
We always were cool , lol.
Ready to strap it up tonight? I'm talking about #TheBelt of course.
your boner. Hahahahaha
that's what they get for playing soccer. ; )
Yess i am
it's so true! I need to take my own advice.
- Do you have any idea who the #ThugInACocktailDress is and if so will we find out when #RHoNY premieres 2mrw at 10/9c?
im so down! Girls night!!
#vatraffic accident on 66W between centreville and manassas rest stop. Still blocking center lane.
To start or not to start apush homework...
correlation is not causation
A: My greatest fear is that I will be juggling too many balls and drop the wrong ones...
You shouldn't of said it now you gonna regret it.
I just killed a cockroach & found out it was pregnant so when I stepped on it. It kinda spattered & out popped the baby also dead.
- Taking things slow with dis dude Praying tht this one work out well :)
The reason for the tea party's limited success in the US is after forty years of neglecting education there are many fools
yeah. And then I'd be pissy that I didn't get things done. So being upright and in my office is probably best. darn it.
To the couple on my street breaking up in the Kia Sportage. Maybe your problem is you're having your big talks in a Kia Sportage.
Purple haze finally opened back up def gone be my spot again this summer!!
Just passed the 20 project mark. #Construction #Photo-data is cool.
For up to date specials, jackpots and events find us on Facebook: thebar LV!
that girl's a keeper :^)
Trying to figure out which payroll service to use. ADP is a bit expensive; QuickBook Payroll is built in but leaves much manual labor...
There's a bar right across the street that looks like nightmare before Christmas meets monster house.
Facebook Default Profile Pic: The Origin Story [COMIC]
Thank you #! Linux for being so amazing! Set up fully in five minutes and I get a nice lil menu for extra features.
WOW Wednesday!!!
Instead of tweeting about your lost #love and resulting depression, grab a bottle of whiskey and an #Adele album.
playing a show @ Naked Lounge in Sacramento on the 30th! More details soon...
So apparently you have to go to each blocked user's page to unblock them, and there is no way to see a complete list of said users.
#alma incorporates all silos into one platform. you don't have to try to make them talk to one another
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: don't forget to promote your post.
I am reading it right now. It's very good. Highly recommend it.
Good Luck to our festival friends at the Cherry Blossom Festival in Macon, GA! Have a great time... and we are thinking PINK for y'all!
Next Event, I have the pleasure of DJ-ing a surprise birthday party for an awesome person!
too cute! It wanted a bath!
Sweet! Looking forward to watching it!
hello can you followr me
Tweet @ us if your coming to see we want to show them some love
She was very excited to finally fit into that top!
Well this has been an incredibly boring Sunday >.<
:-) RT : Same! & checking out windows :) especially looking forward to seeing !
selfish tears of a man whose first concern was saving his legacy rather than protecting those kids.
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention
1/18/2011 How to Increase Online Sales by Increasing Website Conversion Rates Inc
Tan. Tan. Tan.
As you take another breath, someone takes their last. Stop complaining..... appreciate LIFE.
Finally finished a WHOLE group project BY MYSELF.
RT Feminist author Naomi Wolf arrested at Occupy Wall Street yfrog.com/gzh5x4j (via )
Bachmann on immigration: "I will build a fence. I will enforce English as the official language of the United States government"...Nice
Ronnie's back! The video & the song #thedruginmeisyou are EFFING AWESOME! GO CHECK OUT "The Drug In Me Is You" by Falling In Reverse NOW!
take Gilmer -9.5 and get a free meal.
RT :RT : Caution Snack size Valentine's Day candies may be processed on different equipment than full-size.
Sen. Kohl says "We need a new facility" & that "it's not a wish thing, it's a must thing." is sure he'll make a personal financial commit
The $100,000+ Guaranteed $550 #SpringFling Championship enters its 2nd day as 1B begins at 3pm! Congrats to all of our Day 1A survivors!
Up at Millersville for the PSAC championship.
i'm like the most overdramatic person ever sometimes
I've been busy having fun so I like it but busy with school too -.-
the UN estimates that it would cost $30 billion/year to end world hunger. In 2009 the US spent $2.5 trillion on healthcare.
hahha no problemo cuzo "I NEED A MEDIC OVER HERE"
No! Not that jackhole again!!!
#schoolmemories, when me & Anisah crack ourselves up 'cause we're so damn hilarious. 😊
Some people grin and bear it; others smile and do it. -Anonymous
AND SHE DRIVES A BABY MOMMA BENZ...
Thanks Dean! I think that might kill us though. ;)
It is cool, but dammit, Mom, twitter was MY safe space! #emosulk :)
yes! I like where this is going. It will start with the ghost of Steve and an 8 ball.
I don't know who is more sexier u or Luna I'll just say both
oh cool! Lemme know how it goes !
Then embed photos and/or video to tell the story of what is going on and why important.
#thebelt is calling it a night. Take care
I tried calling Theresa today but she wasn't there:/ I just wanted to get that awkward conversation out of the way
... Makes you wonder, why are things the way they are?
Why can't you like someone else's like on facebook? Get on that Zuckerberg!
America, Tea Party Debate was great last night. Get ready for Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President to storm the race!!!!
We are back and rockin again! thanks for your patience!
Oh thanks. Hahah. Hopefully one day
Biggest prize in 2013 college basketball recruiting class: The Harrison twins - Rivals ranks Andrew #1 and Aaron
#TRUTH RT : Smart girls open their mind, easy girls open their legs, and foolish girls open their heart.
Legal Writing is Persuasive writing
I won't forget :) I'll text you when I get home
you wot have to deal with that NATO shit! Enjoy the mini vacation!
Will do! Especially since I might need to make up for missing early mornings at next week :)
Any #Colorado residents that love Cookies?! We've got a deal for you!
Getting my 'hunt' on to track down a great cup-o-Joe in the Windy City.
jesus wept just tell me already! You know you want to :-) #hogab hands. Off. Get. Away. Bastard
per Jeff B, with a Kindle you can do one handed activities. Just sayin.
Praying for peace
My friend Becca, is a trainer and has a booty camp. Check her out She's a great performer, a hottie, and she'll kick ur ass
Large but shallow dents on drivers side doors, due to teenager. No paint damage, just mild dings.
excellent. Will do. Thanks
That cannot possibly be your favorite movie! C'mon sis. You can do better.
Wait.. they don't? O.O RT : #WhyDoPeopleThink ALL gay guys take it up the ass
New videos posted at www.engagemyfamily.com. Hot pics around the US Ed system.
Ball game!!! That was a fun and very unusual scoring
Morning guys!!
Actually, anus feels TOO clinical. We need a word between anus and butthole.
well, i mean, people's memories do deteriorate at that age, and brains are wired differently and not everyone has a good memory.
I can tell. & you think of them on the spot lol
McKena Aubrey loves you <3 & she doesn't know how to use twitter, so if the turns out looking gay,, that's why.
#eredcarpet - I am giving best dressed to
Actually, the first time it was 2-0.
Now at seven pairs of shoes bought in the last month and a half.
That's right! I'm the comeback kid! ;)
You're welcome! Have a great weekend!
"Sure is hot today, huh?" - What this guy said just before I kicked his ass.
can u give me a shout out on my birthday on saturday
GET T TWEET 2 GETHER CAUSE IM GONNA ROCK THE HOUSE..LOL
Paczki's for everyone! RT : I'd rather eat paczki than pancakes! Have a happy Paczki Day!
#Wicker Park/ #Bucktown!! Download the #Greek4Good app on your iPhone and interact with the billboard at Ashland & Division
I hate when people don't text me back )):
hittin the beach in cocoa so hype this shit on that realshit
Thank you for the mention!
*Sighs softly.*
Yea. Fuck that.
been good! I know right.. Where have you been?
Happy Monday! Looking forward to seeing all of our Monday Clients! Not so much the weather......
Shoutout to New Followers By the way.
Thank you homie!
Rainy day calls for a warm breakfast!
U got that right RT : Coolest thing in sports handshakes only after series ends! Then the sticks to the faithful!
Makes me mad how anything a boy wears is comfy....most comfy people on earth!
Good morning from NYC! Editing another podcast for Tourist In The City, abt. people & sounds in NY. Wondering if I should wake the wife.
hahaha I miss you girl!
OH: "Entrepreneurs don't pay attention to money. That's why they don't have real jobs."
they call me stefana I fucking hate it! #rageface😡
Try adding one more telephone pole per day to your run. Build slowly. Adapt. Stay injury free.
please help stop the 25B settlement now
Will the real #Eagles please show up!!! My goodness what is going on here...
So excited for dinner with the family at Little Havana!
R.I.P. Richard "Dick" Clark
please follow she is you biggest fan!13
Brutal, but hilarious, response by to an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter's innocent inquiry on how he can pitch his movie idea.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
lol but it's always good to have some back up options though. Jk! lol
Lobster Boil Dinner at Veranda Restaurant - so excited
I bet the CEO of CiCi's Pizza is always CCing his employees on emails. RE: PIZZA
“: Our discussant thinks there's no place for 1/4 in. screens on sites--insists the gauge should be smaller." #saa2012”
Males these days are all talk. Fuck what you say... It's what you're actually doin until then don't spit your game at me
"I mean look at me, I'm as fit as a fucking fiddle."
Thanks for the RTs!
Congratulations to on the opening of your Eastlake school. Cause for celebration!
home bitch!
Getting in an arguement with a woman is like being arrested. Anything you say can and will be used against you.
Haven’t Been Online For Awhile...State Testing Sucks :P
#musesocial is gathering & getting to know! Join us or tweet: What are your hot topics or burning questions for May 8?!
I'm thinking I'll need to see Alien first.
allright Twitter family going to the gym I gotta keep up with Tyrese and Idris Elba sh**t just got real
thanks Eric
you're preaching to the choir my man
im wide awake dont even want to go to sleep !
I just love taking care of the little babies! c: <3
if we get Rudy with 4 fouls quick maybe he can tweet you from the bench
duh, the cowardly lion
#thischristmas I'll be much more charitable. What about you?
At least you'll be ready for Baby Nichols!!!
... already quite familiar with your work. :) But I would be happy to link to the website as well.
RT : The holiday season is here! Our Holiday baking supplies are 10% off!
Homework, gym, laundry, vacuuming...all things that can wait until Happy Hour is over...We open at 5p, Happy Hour goes until 7p....
only if you wash them down with mountain dew... ;)
Make sure you stay until all the credits finish. I just saw it today & there's two extra things at the end. Also it was awesome!
Many people will not have success because when success shows up, it’s wearing overalls and looks like work. quote from Mike Nash - brother
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Thanks, Pat, you too. (Not summer here but it's been mild; no complaints on that score. But not much tennis outdoors.)
#oomf is a bad bitch
You know what's better than painting? A sharp stick in the eye. No wonder painters are always so stoned.
I'm off tonight. But I'll let them know.
Haven't gotten an @ reply in 24 hours. Better say something stupid!
“: Jess had her baby!” yayyy!!!! :) can't believe it! You totally predicted that one!
im good tired.tho wbu x
He could care less. I go hard for my Grizzlies, but I don't call people out of their name for guys who don't know I exist.
Attention all Musicians! If you want the deal of a lifetime, check out FloodGate Media on facebook, TROS has a new media company!
it's Opening Day-kiss some Angels fans!
Good luck in your senior year, you'll do great! I have no doubt you will continue to be true to yourself, stick with it! 😊
I just had a conversation with the sketchiest cholo ever! Damn he even had a waterfall of tear drop tats down his face haha
www.facebook.com/home.php#!/pages/Roseanna-Vitro-The-Randy-Newman-Project/153397711370316
The ship arrived so we're moving in to our new place this weekend. I'm now a Bellevueite...
YAy so glad you are a fan. Stay tuned for my new music videos Blue Sky and Be In Love coming soon!
This random... That Morning PISS is the best...
I was pleasantly surprised myself! A bit more 80's-influenced, but still very classic Strokesy
Gonna see the Avengers tonight
i wish the weather would cooperate...it's nice then it rains and now its freezing cold outside! pick something and stick with it! random ftl
Keep up the good work guys!
hey where you get your watch at!!
#prepping for weekend #camping #getaway in the #desert and #stoked to go #offroad in the
Only so much earnestness I can handle at 6am. #FF my faves with an edge
Can you blame them?
tomorrow's my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me? ;) <3
God is faithful ALWAYS not SOMETIMES! Letting Go and Letting Him take control is the hard part, but when we do :)
too much to explain!
It's the Bard's 448th birthday! My favorite plays: Much Ado, Twelfth Night, Hamlet and Macbeth.
Hi friend! watch on my site littleliars(dot)org,all the Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100%
PP&R hopes to have the benches back in place soon, maybe a week or two, after refurbishment.
Did you know? limited weekend memberships are now only $10. See you soon for the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am March 7-11.
Mets get it done, now if the Rangers can do the same.
that's exceptionally cool.
Was a good one tonite! RT : thanks so much for hosting the chat!
yes maam well i might go home early cause i dont feel good but idk yet
#BGC8 is literally #insane Can't wait to see the reunion when everything finally comes out!!
I want to make a second account just for austin, but iddk.
Monday already?
On the road....headed to Ocean Shores for the Olympus Rally...helping Driver Corey Salisbury in service. Yeeeeeaaaahhhhh!
that's awesome! We love to hear it!
how did she apply the color?
We'd love to have you in RT : omg - their menu looks too good! lol
Recently started watching the show 'All on the Line with Joe Zee' and have found it a very nice look at the business side of fashion
wanna win some free stuff? Join SAPB at the info table on the first floor of the Campus Center from 11-1!
Volunteers can help!
are you a fan of Singularity?
Happiness is the best face lift.
Party passes are for people who want to attend a party but not the whole conference. These are $50/night and can be purchased onsite.
": lol. Good, got a show in cali this weekend"cool have fun :) I luv cali and have a good show don't 4get bout us
Rollin' Newspapers. Ready for bed. (:
Its not just hate either.
Tis the Season Indeed... Now to figure this thing out..
The power of social media... That's why I came to the
Didn't realize there was another NFL team in Texas...let me know when Houston gets 5 rings...or 1.
Oh good LORD no.
LOL RT : Kobe has that "I just murdered my entire team and you guys have no idea yet" grin to his speech right now.
what's up? how you livin in tomorrow??
nice!!! Grateful everyday!! :)
I know that me to
I Hope This Summer Be Fun
RT : Emery says Hardin will line up at strong safety
Miss: I'm jumping on a unicorn to make her fart magic out of her butt!
till u get ur additions
BOOM WE FLYIN IN A SPACE SHIP BACK TO THE BASIX BACK TO THE MAYTRICKS
hey you! wanna do a drunk history talk in april? wanna email me about it?
i'm always so tired but i stay up watching movies and reading.
don't worry, we'll all float all right
is saying GREAT is the Lord and He is greatly to be praised!! Hallelujah!!
Union Rags
when my dog's too lazy to jump off the couch so he slumps over the side & slides down until he's lying on the floor...you know he's a kew.
Forget what you've learned all you give is returned.
My life is in shambles
Magic people. Voodoo people.
North Korea
I am now reading: "Maeve Brennan, Homesick at The New Yorker: An Irish Writer in Exile" by Angela Bourke
Thank you! When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep and I will most def keep up wit ur music
It's a dream until you write it down, and then its a goal. - Anonymous...What is your #1 goal that you want to accomplish in the next year?
The Brand New station on #pandora is really helping me get through the last bit of the work day
Right choice of plants and #evergreens means that there is always something blooming or green in your #yard, even in winter months
Desmond. I saw him in another show, Brotha!
Have you checked out the new toolbar yet?
Tonight I get to see the little one :) been to long I miss lane <3
Thank you for your comment!!
When a person suffers from a bad relationship, bad choices and bad decisions it is easy to suffer from misplaced anger. Make better choices.
Cool, thank you! RT “: HEARD THE NEW SINGLE AND IT IS AMAZING!!!! :D”
Agreed, that #halftime commercial will be remembered by many #sb46 viewers!
Party tonight? Kewl.
Yes! We are going to #factorcon , we're getting in tomw night in time for the #RMP cocktail reception :) Will you be there?
Ugh ...sometimes I forget to reply to my messages
“ Grief is a merciless master. Just when you think you're free, you realize you never stood a chance. #Revenge”
Nice program!
Find me at WWDC ;)
if he keeps hurting you why dj you keep going back to him -
Secret hollister sale
Our special guest co-host is the hot,sexy JZZ!!! on Break That Single show right now w/DJNateski
Yep. They'd better get this crap fixed by the time UK comes on. I hate ESPN.
Did you know that flax is good for your skin and hair?
Bayside is a great band.
This is how you disseminate to multiple Social media assets
That is hard to measure locally. I know some brand info nationally for nonprofits but not locally. Hmm.
About to make a dumb ass out of myself on stage at El Camino right now.
- Hoke's winning with Rich Rods recruits who are now bigger, faster, stronger, and more experienced, especially on Def
#corbinbleu is following us on twitter now! wanna be as cool as him? FOLLOW US <3 we follow back!
An old friend just called and seeked my help. He and I are both seeking God. Tada.
Bakersfield! We are playing with tonight at the underground. We hit the stage at 925, cya there :D
We offer FREE SEO web promotion for musicians and music venues in the USA with the help of www.WebPromotion.com
#FridayListens THE RING OF SOLOMON by awe-inspiring & voiced by the great Simon Jones. Bartimaeus forever!
updating my ipod hope its not a fail lol
ronnie and samis relationship reminds me of my friends and her bf relationship......
OMG i know! i love a lot of the crews this season!
Swagger plus 10!!! Hulking like a mofo
cant wait til friday!!!:)
thank you so much! I will miss you!!!! We will always have twitter and FB! Don't be a stranger!
so true... but are excited for it to be built! :)
Bad economy job idea: Personal harassment trainer
Nah, that would require courage. I'm not seeing that here.
Captain Crunch Berries flow! Lol
Frugal Family Tree: Tom&#39;s Of Maine Toothpaste Review
What is school?
This Pendejo Better Have Finished His Part Of The Project ->
Making cookies at midnight >
Kind of angry it's uber cloudy in Boston - can't see the
We are looking for webisodes/series to be featured on our Network! Our launch kicks off Jan 2012! PM me for more details!!!
I rely on the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
I won the lottery!! Hold on... Nope... My ticket was upside down... And in my imagination... and now I'm going to cry about it.
#rememberwhen nick was being a pussy last year kept complaining of arm pain & sean blamed it on him wackin it too much?
LOL. So are you Speedog 2? BHS TENNIS? The Situational Franchise? Or simply all of Page 2 per chance..?
MT "Wear White" TODAY to Support IFC's White Ribbon initiative against sexual violence!
Thanks for the follow! :-)
RT : Reminder - all Vail Mountain roads and trails closed tomorrow, May 11, as crews fly out old Vista Bahn towers by helicopter
See that? How I swing from one tree to another? Fuck you Tarzan.
Is there any more intoxicating aromatics from White Burg than that of Coche Dury? I think not. 04 Meursualt Genevrieres is singing tonight!
"What's the deal with European coins?"
Another full night of songwriting after a full day of grinding.
baby u trying to get Willow Black Thunder
The power of imagination makes us infinite. - John Muir
Not used to this timee change -.- i aint sleepy !
you never text me anymore 😔
Yeah! Looking forward to this evening's mother blessing. Paint my belly!
bench warmer?
Most common lies I hear: Death n family Kid sick I'm sick
In #LasVegas #text TINYWARDROBE to 90210 for alerts on great specials from The Tiny Wardrobe on kids clothes & accessories. Use #mobile!
America's surrogate mothers explores the role of mammy in popular culture.
My armpits smell like baby vomit. MAYBE Right Guard shouldn't make a "Baby Vomit" scented deodorant.
Hang in there old man. RT : Ban-Joey is fading.,. May not make the end of this crazy race... z
like I'm a demented whale on fb and then I come on twitter and everyone's like your a sex god LOL
Absolutely! Well said.
all's good just getting it in uh lil sumpin sumpin on da mix tip......POOF!
have to go to this website! vote for hugo! should i spell it out? H-U-G-O. and best male new comer: ASA BUTTERFIELD do it................NOW
All of a sudden everyone is a Thunder fan!! Unless u from OKC how you rep a team that's only been around for a few years??
PHaha so true “: GoDaddy commercials are Affliction T-shirts for our televisions.”
just go to the FB page and keep requesting me or any other of your favorite's and let your friends do the same..
all moved into Stanford
All I need is the opportunity.
Thanks for the mentions!
You should check with Brent the Popcorn Warden!
Spent the first five years teaching my kids to share and then enrolled in sports and had to teach them to STEAL the ball.
Guinea pigs are jealous. Made a sign from hay: "We are the 99".
Can't wait for dis summer
of course not... you're here in spirit ;) If I don't go to the lake Saturday, I'm coming over
:D you like talking to your self dont you kayla? *pretend im spongebob and your squidward *
Let's do this, Brutus! Chicago to Orlando boarding. Over/under on screaming kids on this flight - 4.5
DOUBLE SCIENCE IS TORTURE
kill'em with sexiness!
Right! And if you did, you'd probably be like, "look at her crazy face!" This person is oblivious, haha.
Alex loves jack will always be the best TT ever.
can i PLEASE get a " good luck" from you?!?! I have a huge exam later??
you're 21 and dont have your license...are you amish?
this rule is so underrated Keep your family and business completely separated Money and blood don't mix
Love how you juss put me in the "mah homies" list... <3
they don't go on many trips now. This is his 2nd this year. Aisleigh has been on 4 already!
frogmanbunny Yah seriously. Without the bundle PS3's are only 249 now. That's really crazy. Same price as Vita (when it launches next year)
taking a walk really nice day out
Why you so concern about other females being Hoes?!!
NASAND pow wow on field house mall right now!!!! Come out and support and hear some awesome drumming!!!
That's the spirit! There's plenty of disappointment and rejection in this biz. Keep writing and putting yourself out there.
I'm only productive within the two minutes it takes for my microwave to cook popcorn.
BIG THANK YOU to our proud sponsor and awesome Team TD Bank!! You are great!!!!!
Ima give myself until about 3 ima be knocked out in this chair.
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Probably means you're not up for the job =P It also sounds sketchy so you're probably shouldn't apply
#nowplaying Dublin Crow by Butch Walker
thx and yeah let's hang out.
Waffles rule, pancakes drool. For reals.
Social Network
I'd like a #hologram of myself working that I can set up in various locations while I snooze on a beach somewhere.
Monday's are always so interesting! Have a great one folks! :)
I'm pretty sure these questions were written by the Obama election team.
omg, bitch please (; hahahah
#whosaiditwasok for u to rock sum orange foamposites when they come out
u sent a vid of Stevie Wonder
HAHAHAH i thought it was a graduation for keio lololol 🙇
"Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime."
FYI to Managers-if your best workers are feeling unacknowledged and burnt out you risk losing them!
thanks for spreading the word! looks like a pretty cool exhibit :)
I can only imagine how odd my Spotify playlists have looked to Facebook friends today. Lot's of terrible 80's music!
has finished its new websites. www.heavehoproductions.com and www.newspirits.net
is my
Cab was late, long line to get in to visitor's center, but I somehow made the group photo this morning for the conference. Yay!
I like.
gotta say hazed & infused is delocious and I dont say that abouy many beers. Great job!!!
Your looks should be illegal.
RIP Junior Seau
you're not factoring in the 54% GDP growth that will result with the new lower taxes
The size of the "rockets" fire into Israel are medium sized model rockets. Not why I normally would refer to as a rocket.
Goddamn it! #Caps score to make it 3-3 in the 3rd. Horrible D by the #Bruins there.
Oh My! Kit! Ikaw na talaga! pink polo shirt!
omg you made me legit cry I love that! Happy 1 year(:
A bit slow but it was a great day!
no señora today = no spanish for us!
i am so busy with shcool,iam sick of exams :(
THE MOST IMPORTANT PREDICTOR OF SUCCESS STARTS AND ENDS WITH DETERMINATION! IT'S THE FIRE THAT BURNS FROM WITHIN! LET'S GET IT!!!!
RT : UH OH...Everybody drop your instruments! MONSANTO owns Fender and Gibson now!
I need 2 talk u ill txt u n a sec
Who wants a twitter group?:]
have u been to 16 Handles? I like it better than Red Mango.. Not as healthy but I like it better. #hopeRedMangoRetweetsThis lol
Closed groups can lead to inbred ideas/answers, but I'm seeing more turn into collaborative communities.
RT Panel! with
The stars should come to you and ask permission to shine
So, are the #Cubs mathematically eliminated yet? Go Card!
All guys are jerks :/
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
That bothers him and he's going to have to beat some respect into him on next week's show.
. Please stop ruining Pavement and Gold Soundz for me and all humanity.
I wanna party like never before! #party ?(:
Arranging new song material on piano.
At this point I dont care where I go as long as I get out of Pigeon Forge
nice to meet you tonight. :)
yeah g2g byeess have nice sunday tomorrow
The WORLD HAS LOST A MAJOR TALENT, I am so sad, we LOVE YOU MICHAEL JACKSON
RT As the #1 Jagr fan in Pittsburgh since 1990, it would be awesome if followed me.
If you need my help kicking some ass let me know, I been working out like a mug *flexes*
how did today go?
anybody ever fly with loose tea leaves? Am wondering if cannister or ziploc is best. Ziploc looks ridiculous.
I had a wonderful Mother's Day! Thank you,<3 and granddaughter. :-D
Omg, you're banned from some! Congrats on being a bad ass, lmaoo, what did you do to get banned?
Put "eat chocolate" at the top of your list of things to do today. That way, at least you'll get one thing done.
you RT'd me saying shout out time. Not the one I said RT for a shout out lol
This Deviant Dales is not bad. Not normally a Dales fan, but I can dig this.
Selling an LA Staples Center 2013 ticket!!! Come at me bros ahahah please RT!
Lil Wayne Bill Gate >>>
Hi Sarah. Could you please share a direct link to your #reverb11 prompt?
i totally aqree!
RT : Please go to www.leandraslaw.info and sign the petetion to strengthen laws against drunk drivers.
whats wrong with it?
even for #GenY it's a crap term - we have the same frustrations. Let's band together and start a coup!
There is justice in the world after all! A few weeks too late though....
Lmaoooo this little kid keeps throwing sand at Paola with the only evil smirk
any word on who's at fault?
Definitely come out to #EKLECTIK! Ali will be there carving #fangs as one of our official vendors!
sitting here. bored as hell.
This life it was made for me & im not giving it up for nobody!!
AWESOME!!! so glad you liked her!
Thank you! Have a good day
A writers ability to write stories, it is only possible cause she believe it is.Become Writers of your own future using actions as words.
I am so nervous for the #NYR game. I have a feeling that Henry will need to stand on his head for the #NYR to win
Valencia virtually empty, except for the 100 people in line at Ritual.
Shout out to Hennessy. You make my mean mug wonderful lol
chucky, when you adding that NYC show
I wish u were at a pool party too! RT I wish I was at a pool party work killin me today! Lol
Hi Jeff - thanks for the follow! Stop in if you are on the east side & want great cup of coffee! :-)
Prophet #21-24, by , is basically a Bruckner Symphony in comic book form - same sense of Time Itself pushing over you - DvL
scary! I hate spiders
Atta boy, Posey, smacks a single up the middle to hopefully rouse him from his slump
I'm guessing that you'll rejoice, but your reaction says a lot.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience. – Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Q3 from Paul Downey: Do you support city funds to support senior nutritional programs?
": I wish phones had unlimited battery power" ... He Said This Rightt When My Phonee Hit Dead ! Hahaha :)
is this the neuro science building at Methodist?
have a great day!
lol. have some wine for me, darling.
One word texts are probably one of the worst things in the world.
Ha! RT Ernest Hemingway just showed up, as played by Nick Nolte.
Enjoying coffee outside alone. Kids are sleeping and I'm grateful to be a mommy of 3 beautiful boys. Happy Mother's Day to my fellow mamas.
:Q << he's smoking a cig
Stupid Temple Run. Always draining my phone battery...
Google play hates on me
Seeing your name of my timeline. #Whore I'm unfollowing who retweeted your nasty ass.
I told my aunt send the pic and she ask have you got it and she looked and was like. I still have to press the bottom to send
I love Zayn too! <3 :D Such a cutie. :)
Rest ye O rest ye weary soul in thou fairest maidens bosom
Always fiqht for what you want , hey you dont know you'll maybe just win . Have confidence & believe.
God does work in mysterious ways and I love to sit back and watch him work on me! It's just beautiful hiw he works. I love you God!!
Hey people bye people
Oh ok.. so your just starting Culinary school. Where abouts in NY...
let's see IL has 9 Billion in unpaid bills. Nope that won't help. Next cause.
#WhatGetsMeMad is when someone acts like they know every little thing about me when in reality they don't know shit.
Also, in the meantime,can't I get cast in some movie where the excess weight would help me round out the character?
that's a good (and important) one
I will pimp my wares like my named is Goldie in platform boots and a purple suit.
I'm just going to say it - Tiger Woods is by far the most dominant athlete of our generation, and the scary part - he has a LONG way to go!
Vidal Sasoon's father was from Greece, his mother the Ukraine, as a young man he fought Br. fascism before becoming hairdresser 2 the stars.
Thug le Thug le! ;)
ipad or keyboard???
By the end of the game, I bet it balances out. It sure seems to be that replay is useless. Too many blown calls this season.
omg, thats such a good idea lol dude I cant stop the voice!! Ah its scary-__-
going to sleep late but maybe we'll hang out tomorrow afternoon... #pinkberry?? Tweet me.
Hey Gorgeous! Merry Christmas!! Big New Years plans in the Big Apple? XOXO
Granny G on America's Got Talent >>
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse! Have y'all thanked for making #AmericasGotTalent watchable? You really should!
what's up with these make $ from home tweets? Are they legit or did you get hacked?
there's nothing more valuable than Jesus Christ
It is one of the many things that make us special!
Flying home today. /: wow. Time flew by.
Both Of Us Remix is gonna be FLAWLESS (: :)
RT : So much fun for #CindodeMayo yesterday. Best Mariachi band around!! <<-- I"m glad you had fun!
how do you expect to shoot anything? Lol
Late to class -.-
Special callout to my 1,000th follower: (and from my home town too!). He wins a PLoS ONE PDF of his choosing.
wow. RT : #Clemson with the W. Amazing. THIS Clemson team is now tied for 4th in the ACC.
ohh I forgot to tweet you haha but I did good, hbu?
Red towards Shady Grove. It was a 4k series. 4025, I believe.
And their tailgating and special "presents" left in our alleys. They also were tearing down trees to put in their bonfires
i heard you got SEO, sucks
it's Tee-Swizzle.
Yes! You too! Hoping for a good egg hunt tomorrow. :) Happy Easter!
yep! we're thin enough and, with great defensive clubs, we really need him in there.
Thinking about Emmett Till & Zora Neale Hurston. Our history is clearly still our present. Time to refocus on building the movement
OK!! what you used to know as "slavetobeauty" is now "arillenblaylock"!! To update everyone at once, I give free hair/makeup/fashion tips!!
Call for artist is still up on the blog. 'Hobby Fun for Everyone!' exhibit is coming up. Also, SWEET 3 bedroom apartment is for rent!
I'm actually jealous. It'll be weeks before I can see it.
Early morning flight... Early bird gets the worm!!!
WOW , give me a frickin' HEART ATTACK by telling me sent me a video message!! that's just mean
Will evidence come up at Friday's bond hearing for Zimmerman? - CNN International
love it!!! Beautiful film and I heard in the mourning was amazing!!!
i was in my room and then i hear a door open and i get super scared because no one's home D; it was my parents bedroom.
It takes them like a month to get materials, and that's the quality we get for the simulcast?<_<
I'm seeing neg ideas about SMEs that we might need to reconsider.
RT : Its official! $2 million garuntee agreement for our event with 20% profits for !
Taking 4.5 year old on first amusement park excursion. She is still asleep and i am already tired.
thank you so much Dan :)
Beauty and the beast tonight! Excited to go see it!! :)))
I'll be at Becky's anyway seeing Scott..fan girling....hah. But seeing Rick Hearst's name does make slightly jealous LOL
I love Bill's hair...Awesome!!! LOL
trying to find a new icon pic that I like .... not feelin' this one...
Denver Fire reporting two kids through ice near Chambers and 51st. on the way to the scene in Green Valley Ranch.
Check us out!! Interested in degrees in Latin American Studies?! Visit: www.clas.osu.edu
Yeah I agree the next year or 2 Madden 3D I wonder if they are ever gonna have. Chicago bear on the cover
Will you let me know if that fixes it? thanks.
Human [to Alien]: why are you here? / Alien: to find out why you have child soldiers / Human [jokingly]: to resist an alien invasion / Zap!!
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Mockingbird, When Im Gone, Hailies Song, Like Toy Soldiers, and many others by Eminem <33
I think designing an API requires more thought than anything else that developers usually work on.
My heart is very sad. Please keep someone I know in your thoughts and prayers.
Just give your love and I'll be happy , ♥
": Out tomorrow - final blog on non-Ranger's fans views on fairer competition - and Christian Aid's view of Rangers"
worst of times for media, best of times possibilities for new forms to provide work for #writers DJ Waldie #USC # writers conference
you love me :) will u Marry me "tones"?! Bc ur just too cute..like the store...in cross county
I guess I'll have to get used to the distance.
Khloe Kardashian Takes a Picture with Her “Real Dad” Alex Roldan -
Why are Christmas trees like bad knitters ?They both drop their needles !
Just got done finishing my content for a brand product... Even the simplest idea will set you free!!!!
:) RT“: There's a reason is my favorite guard: shows like that. #wgi”
website building and Christmas song learning. I'm turning Little Django into Little Rudolph for one night only.
Finishing up the radio edit of Eff The World for then on to some treatment writing and studying
you aren't one of "the guys"
How hard is it 2smile more? 1of the easiest things u can do 2day 2make others happy is simply vow 2smile more!
probably midnight, the longer i sleep, the quicker I go to bed, its weird. and i ask you the same question all the time lol
Hey which armrest should you use in a movie theater?
is amazing :-)
"Great," you say?
There are a lot of things that would have gotten a hard stare out of me had they been suggested in the mid-90s.
it wasn't bad! Just something at the end pissed me off
#thingsisaywhilereadingmyTL child nobody wants to hear you funky ass mixtape....
The man who moves a mountain start by moving small stones
Members Card NJ Devils ML -160 (15 units)
oh hi :) not a lot, how are you?
Aye that show My Mama Throws down that we went to the taping of is finally on TV I heard lol
Worst stomach ache ever. Thankful this morning for my caring boyfriend taking care of me.
Chivalry is NOT entirely dead; it's napping on my couch with an empty Natty Light in his hand, snoring like a motherfucker.
That's Sexi Lexi's boyfriend ; )
Shower time 
live,love as long as u can!!!!!!
welcome back =)
Recognize. Explore. Adopt. Live The Real Change Project
Damn straight! That sword is MINE!
So How Sexy is your hair today Salon Ramsey Midtown 404.841.1499 www.salonramsey.net
This is gonna be a long night.
Ok - it's late time for bed- I have been on this computer to long today! Good Night!!
don't tell anyone, but Juan doesn't speak English
I just read a bulletin advertising the "Sisterhood of Gay Women." And here I thought that incest was still illegal in the state of Texas.
Blondes may have more fun but brunettes marry the Prince!
Sitting next to designer... support
omg. Where did he say that LOL?
#HypeMeUp!!!! I swear I'm on a whole notha level right now!!
we dm'd you back :)
holdn my baby causin in her uncle room
No. Don't have a Stickerman yet!
“: We gotta do something before I leave k :-)” call me maybe ;)
thanks for the follow, I'm a misplaced, homesick Texan who could use a serious dose of the south! xo
Don't forget to pick up your Centrum Silver. RT : Breakfast, Palm Sunday mass, Lowes/Target/grocery.
love the Advantage Me performance from #SXSW !
And we didn't get a invite smh messed up lol« Cook out at 3....Hope it doesn't rain»
Sad story about guy who visits his father-in-law and won't be able to if the payroll tax cut extension isn't passed.
Don't know if I will have the chance, but thanks for the suggestion and keep up the great work.
Go Finns! “: Let's hear it for Finland!”
The awkward moment when your ex bestfriend and ex boyfriend start dating!
you are welcome!
how long have you been together?
We have Youtube's Synth000 on with his insane aCapella and then I get to have some alone time with - 9pm EST @ ZenLive.tv
It's not a Monday morning in the lab unless I spend a good 30 minutes going through BuzzFeed. ...I bet this is their traffic surge time.
Is everyone ready for another Paltalk Easter Egg hunt?.. going to start one on the hour… let your friends know!
or an exotic dancer
I need to get out of this house and do something. I've slept all day.
Will do!
You know, I don't know where to get a Frito pie other than in Texas. Not in Virginia!
Rat Pigeon Smoothies
I'm in. Who else is doing a #writingsprint w/ us?
Seeing The Lucky One!
Finally found the drawer for the film "astral wars",exciting me.Now all the scenes can be drawn and ready for presentation.
Hooray, the boss bought us BBQ! Maybe we should do a "free pork rib with 100+ color prints" promotion today. DISCLAIMER: we're not going to.
“ “ Focus your energy on what blesses you, not what has broken you. #Godfidence””
You can get lost in conversation.
Thanks for the follow guys!
Flacco came up short. Are you surprised? I'm not.
Interesting to reflect on the "intelligence" of the collective social phenomenon described in collaborative research
let me know when you get some hot music!
Bitch will cut your brakes, to get your man ✂
& my Grandfather actually. Boys were kept in curls until a certain age Dad says.
": Damn less then a min left! :O #KnicksFightingForTheirLives"
been watchin ya since married with children...Ya still lookn..if i ever get famous most def gonna try to wife you up...
Rs are in the majority. Don't count on them.
#YouWasSexyUntil u spoke more and I realized how many generations of "DUMB" u were!
"When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead... True story !" - The great Barney Stinson
Finally got Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2!<3 Life is officially great, haha. Gonna go watch part 1 & then 2 with my sister(:
that's exactly what the good book says...lol! And it works:)
I am off to a Miami book fair in less than two weeks to show off my books... This is so exciting I can't wait!!!
Nothing inspires random strangers to talk to me more than my Texas t-shirt. Too bad my mom told me never to talk to strangers.
"where did you get it" omfg stop im dying
Put it on shuffle and got a dcTalk song followed by a tobyMac song.
my baby sleep 
