Who's the actor who plays the carnie in "Big?" I want him to follow me around to respond with that line to strangers who talk to me.
It would have been nice if grabbed herself down there like back in the day
So people can clearly see him selling.
Overheard yesterday: "He said my hair looked like Madonna's. That is NOT a compliment. She is, like, SO OLD."
Such a great film though! Maybe one of Allen's best?!
lol I know right?
#FF Fashionable Fridays
Be the ball!
Now I need to go check out the Reagan Presidential Library & Museum just to see GuideCam in action!!!
We could ask Jasper to get you a shirt.
HEY! Mr. Rager! Mr. Rager! Tell me where you're going! Tell us where you're headed! I'm on my way to Heaven..
I procrastinated on my taxes till last night. I paid $6687.87 in mortgage interest last year.
Why the fuckkkk am I still awake right now?!??? #InsomniaProbz 
Much love to you brotha been wit you since yall first dropped Big Lex 1st family ent
You make me smile <3
Kali Nixta.... Tomorrow another day to kick ass!!!!
Feels like this adderal has finally wore off, goin to try to sleep for a couple hours, exam at 11. Can someone call and make sure I am awake
Great Practice today..Pic's will be up later...
dont fly fast O pilot can ya help me Can ya make this last dis plane is all I got So keep it steady now Cause every inch ya see is bruised
my pleasure.
thank you (:
oh nice, I'll let you know for sure! Enjoy the wedding!
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
Turkey sausage is surprising good dipped in applesauce! So much better than pepperoni.
Half a century in this world already, and I still can't get used to its predictability.
How is that even possible? Did the previous guest just walk out with it?
RT : Secret to social media "success" - meeting people IRL... Thx - thank you, Steve!
When you lay in bed and have a billion thoughts going through your head.
I love hot cheetos (:
What Girls Are Up Lol,, Mention Me :)
Cheering on the Rangers ! After an amazing SMU win!!!!!! TCU who????
Up bright and early! Already e-mailing clients and planning ways to get the most out of my day. Make it a great one, my friends!
Thank you for your support for my artist also please ck out my other artist.
disappointment right there
the coaches probably will be mad
Kori so are DAMN right about Sydney...shes a JEALOUS BITCH...!!!
Are you in NOLA? Enjoying one of your favorite cities for food?
Just loaded up the first 1000 invites of the new year. They'll go out over the next week and a half. :)
Good night everyone:-) and don't forget Friday headlining for my official Bday party:-))
I treasure each moment i breathe and walk with you I choose to inspire others to walk and breathe your light with me The more love more luv
Apologies for Delay
I know been there done that
Way too excited for the morning can't sleep!! :)
Finally made a Twitter!!!
didn't I see the Prez Airlock that guy once :)
shut up -_-
no time like the present. I just started 25 tomato plants, so I'll have extras. You have a yard or balcony?
Drinking moscato & sangria with my bae
New Eco-Chic - #LED landscape lighting! Unlimited outdoor #lighting possibilities...bring harmony to your outdoor area....
i need sum1 New to talk to:)
I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out. The Atheist screamed out, 'Help Me Jesus!'
Seeking TO/GTA job advice-writer/preservationist w/ experience & passion for researching/interpreting #builtheritage & #architecture. Ideas?
Haha, my door blew open.
S/O to the Bengals for a great first half
Casey Anthony's next Book "If I Did it 2" RT
Should I break out my Zune or use my phone as an mp3 player.... hm
or La fiesta y un baño caliente?
Going out for Lunch,,,I am looking to establish a planet lovers association,,any ideas,,please advise me
You didn't hit me up and we were ready to purchase!
congrats on going to Seattle. Was hoping GB would end up taking you, but the Seahawks are getting a great guy - good luck!
like the app...is the TX-NR609 supported?
Cant wait to see my folks for grilling out tonight!
you sign up?? Hah
Need hosted predictive dialing services to JUMPSTART your call center? www.magnalogix.com 1-866-466-6611 Start@$150/month today!
My phone does this cute thing where it doesn't send messages
Thanks for the Pacman update!! Now we just need the and to win and make it an excellent weekend
Well, My Mom Has Officially Became #TeamMindless :) , You Have A New #MindlessMom :)
the next person who ever does that to me is literally going to die
but he's being totally sarcastic though
more Manning than Tebow please
How are you by the way?
Thanks for the mention--we actually have six books! RT You would love This I Believe. Two books out. Good stuff.
nicity and class, media research and criticism and Journalism practice and criticism.
I am pretty sure that is the same one. They open everyday and close at night.
Still have 4 primary cast members from this show I need to meet... and I likely never will...
yes SIR! Hey, so glad you have trained the great Texas Golfers!
I don't know about Broadway Linda, but I'm definitely going to do more theater!
“: now she hates me again. . .” nobody fucking said I hate your ignorant ass
Big Q… who owns the content of your mind? : if nat’l survival is the question, our tolerance for compromise increases. 1/2
There's a rotisserie chicken guy at the Civic Center farmers market that's pretty good. Soaks up the fat w/ quartered potatoes.
i, of course, have no desire to consume alcohol tonight. Especially with the fact that I'm driving.
I have that & a multi-sport book of his photos I was given in the mid-to-late 70s. I think it was just called Sports.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that has never been seen before. You are unique indeed!
So on my exam there was a question that said Jerry, so i drew an arrow to it& wrote "♥ lol(;" & today my teacher said something about it :D
that's the sweetest instagr.am picture ive ever seen.
no, i couldnt goo!! didnt have a ride to get there!! i was so sad, i wanted to see them soo bad
You're such a city boy!
history in the makin.....new project title release soon...l8te summer..follow 4 mo info
Pretty sure I just spent more money on the underwear I'm going to wear on sat to the JDRF Gala then the actual dress.
your cup is poured lol
Happy Birthday Bro!!
I already know bro and hell yeah I'm gud
And as I tuck myself in... Happy birthday again
Good day, city have done it and Arsenal secure 3rd, and for banter liverpool are down at swansea
One Week One Tool?
I wish I played football for UK even though we suck, it would still be sick to play in the SEC
Ppl that complain about how annoying it is to open each text message separately need to stop being cheap n get an iPhone
NEW! Understanding Blog, Social Media and Search Engine Usage by Industry
It's hip to be square
what are some good songs?
Please, let's not portray Brett Favre as some victim. He's an overrated quarterback that should have retired years ago.
everybody follow
"These are my rat babies!"
get some sleep girl, gotta get up and make that money :)
Digital Jazz Reviews digitaljazznews.blogspot.com
u gonna stay up with B if we let him nap then watch #badgers game??
So , , and Eric_L been hinting at snow for Sat night/Sunday. NWS calling 4 rain. I'm in the rain 2 snow camp.
"I don't have a gambling problem. Those people who lose have a gambling problem." -- on awhile ago
Writing a newsletter on Diet Colas and how they can affect your health.It's scarry!www.DeliciousAndHealthy.com
no but it smelled fantastic :)
Tonight at 6pm we have to help trend Bring Back Ringer in an attempt to help save the show.
thanks for all the song suggestions so far ... now, what songs should we never play ???
I  him I know I do
On that more then just love call it spiritual influence.
Yeah you should go if you have time, definitely a good place to see the beauty of nature. cool links! I'm enjoying your tweets.
You keep writing the good shit and I'll keep reading it - promise!
I know, right? Seemed like such a good idea at the time.
Easiest, and last, day of classes...
“: I'll try and give my pillow some head now. Goodnight tweeps! ;)” LMAO! Nite
I need help... I'm thinking about making one channel (YouTube) to post all my videos on, but I can't use GrantSpell, what should it be?
so in the mood for indian food.. m
please follow me i love George <3 you are fans of george <3
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. Same world.
lets go to the lake tomorrow. (:
I just did real life for about an hour. Don't try it.
So excited for our show at !!! Its May 9 at 8:15 our set is only 30 min so don't be late!!! We will be styled by !
who mixed it?
Blessing in Disguise! Everything happens for a reason! #happyandblessed!
everybody love everybody
Do the right thing even if you have been wronged - it helps you sleep at night.
Just wrapped up our annual golf outing...over 120 participants with rain and cold weather -- how can this possibly be May?
OMFG don't stop is on the vampire diaries ah love them both
I remember the product, but not what it tasted like. Hmm.
Jesse J Domino...heavily samples...Sheena Easton Strut..try it!
#Imissyoubut you hurt me so much, ill take you back in a heart beat.
Thanks Traci...look forward to seeing your tweets! :)
Your basic chocolate chip. But they're super soft and chewy. P.S. Tell to bring a piece of cake home for me.
RT if you love the song “BoyFriend" by JB ? Would you listen to it every day tell a new song come out?
In #Avengers #162, the captured Wasp is nude. Her private parts concealed by bars. Her nudity makes sense in the story.
The research trail is heating up, people! I love it.
Best friends are what keep you from going completely psycho
The teacher must derive not only the capacity, but the desire, to observe natural phenomena. The teacher must understand and fee
and all over West Lafayette.
What is this odd sensation I feel. Oh, we're finally winning on the road
I just.... Alsisownbdisiqoejdj I need to meet One Direction!
We're filming again! Hello long days. Goodbye short days.
LOL.. 's "The Undefeated" sits at 0% on Rotten Tomatoes...
Maid of honor duties call!!! This is so much fun! Who's getting married next? Lol
Kevan, we swear is better at coding than spelling names right ;)
Make #love not #fluorocarbons We all share the same home- #earth :)
Wish my weight was as low and my self esstem
that's how we roll...Steeler nation IS family :-)
i want to fly to france with u hahahahhahaha :) <3
soul food
Central is good but not tbe best. Im a BBQ shop guy. Tops is prob my number 2.
I need school to be over with already.. I need to clean my room!! In all seriousness... haha!
Go #Giants!
I have to. Tweeting like its my job. I apologize you had to see my extremely intelligent tweets
Corey: Zimmerman's lawyer will be allowed to request bond.
Today's Feature: Chicken Queso w/ bacon, red onion, red peppers, cheddar, mozzarella & provel Soup: Roasted Butternut Squash
Some think Vegas would be a great place to live. Not when your broke.
If he's still writing for 2.5 Men, he's forgotten everything you taught him!
Lucky proposal! RT : egg salad sandwich from but oops spilled some on a proposal #eatlikeapig!
Are those pigments?
Life's too short to be sittin' round miserable
Good morning all. Please stop by our website at www.hotelVQ.com and get to know us. I hope everyone has a nice day!
Does accept monthly recurring donations?
I didn't see the heart.
Got all of drums, bass, and rhythm guitar tracks down today. Lead and vocals tomorrow. This EP is already sounding great!
"You're telling me there isn't ONE condo in all of Del Boca Vista?!"
Of course the kid named Pip is wearing a pink shirt and bow tie.
Happy Birthday
Hey Jim is it time for another "Rex Streak"?
On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.
great question, so much of the DTC conversation depends on definitions (which so often vary!)
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
Thunder. Car alarms. Silence. Thunder. Car alarms. Silence. Humboldt Park, looped.
i love him too! so strangely lovable
Especially when I'm tryna chill with u ..
Really...gotta delete right when Jaysee makes a twitter -.- Thanks mom.
Im back in #NY it was a really fun vacation and I'm happy the time I had with my mom and friends I'm gonna miss u all
I have always wondered what Amanda writes. I think she doodles on that notepad.
#digitalindia Dr. Konnur from Bangalore Univ offering thanks and appreciation for workshop.
Not tonight, at least.
shaq more clutch from the ft line than Lebron?!
very exciting for the #Vikings!
which bands (past/present) would you put on the bill of a concert if you won $640 million??????
Saving him for the playoffs. I mean...... RT Is Nash gonna play? What's going on?
You're invited to the Finals & After-Party at ! Thanks to for their sponsorship of our trophies!
Thank you for mention. We appreciate your support for the children & families we serve at Tennyson Center.
Things you hear at a museum convention: "We worked on WWI together."
About to hit the road for our event.
What should Mpls community do next? What should the national community do?
no motivation
Track&Field This Summer ! :))
You already know..We are too
- I happen to be rocking my #Supernatural shirt. It has the Metallicar on it.
Cool! I can think of applications to my work, too. Please let me know when the script is up.
#inhighschool , i couldnt wait to graduate .. mind you im still waiting -___-
dropped me phone again and cracked the screen! How many times have i done that now??
cat sucks
Right back at ya. Keep up the great work!
But you treat me like a stranger, and that feels so rough.
Nope, home..
I'm in the passenger seat! But yes, point taken. When I think about the physical implications of a crash I freak out.
Great day of hoops at
I feel like I have been in the waiting queue longer than I've been able to have my own bank account lol.
To my friends in Dallas TX be safe in tornado watch areas.
lol ...I actually really LOVE going to baseball games :)
Suns have to walk away with batum there. makes perfect sense. Dont bite on Crash Wallace either
#Rogation Wednesday: We pray for gratitude for what we have + more faithful stewardship of creation
right now i'll say noon, but i'll keep you posted :)
I think #Obama officially fucked up all chances for a black president to be elected again
#ICantGoADayWithout great classic rock & roll!
Today we will be working on a Twilight Zone.
I'm about to go ape shit on this dick sucking white trash ape looking bitch!!!
For those who may never learn... no matter wht yu do or say will be around forever. Driink on haterz
- check it out
Woot! 4 quilt orders in the last week!
haha I was bout to go ninja on yo white ass! X) but its all good just hustle more next time I was starving! :p
Plz RT ATTENTION COLORADO PERSONAL TRAINERS: I AM SELLING MY EQUIPMENT. MUST GO TODAY. CALL 303-931-3737
Starting the day walking my kids to school.We had a great conversation this morning! I Luv those little people.
I gave all the +Ks a man can give, which is not nearly enough. One day, you'll be influential in everything.
Fucket I don't wanna go to court
Holy shat! I GOT THE JOB!~
My rule is 100% foolproof. Never plant anything, ever.
Ph environmentalists: Genetically modified crops pose danger to environment - allvoices
Word. That song is so bad that it's making me reassess Springsteen's entire catalogue.
So happy to get my Thanksgiving grocery shopping done yesterday before the madness begins! I love my Dripping Springs!
Why can't I stop watching Chopped?
Living A Single Life Is The Best!.
is all shopped out. Now for some fajitas and guacamole.
Such a great feeling when I finally finish a project
Just came home from a day on the set of "On Deck." Takes me back to The Suite Life! I love'em all!!
I enjoy boxing in speeding douche bags on the highway.
Don't want to be at work but got to make that money
Aw thanks!! RT: I love working with you, Katie!
ur welcome i agree it was dumb Lmao hey Erika showed me where u went to school do u know a 7th grader named autumn McGee??
HE MAKES MY DAY<3
where did u get that necklace?!
hargrove out eight games
are the severe thunderstorms finally over? I have never seen so much rain in so small a time frame! (dallas, texas - last 5 days)
Looking forward to tonight's Central Committee meeting!
That is so cool!
Learning the foods that you should avoid and the foods that are most heart healthy for you can only make you healthier!
I wish i was at this parade right now
If there is something missing from your life, it is more than a life partner.
I just went to bed without properly flossing my teeth.
DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING YOU HEAR,BUT BELIEVE YOUR EYES
tag tuesday...tweet at us your bands and we'll throw them in there later!
I give a pretty rockin' lecture on William Byrd, if I say so myself.
Have any questions for Zoe Saldana? Send your #AskZoe questions today between 10AM-11AM PST
Sounds like a lovely balance!
me too Mike...let the bs clear and then I will sit back and decide whom I like.
Just got an AARP card in the mail today. What does it mean???
ready for more cat facts?
CBS News confirms 7 Marines killed in helicopter collision near Yuma, Arizona.
,i love u
I always get what I want.
keep ballin. Proud to see you doing your thang.
Thanks! I like your site too - we think a lot alike and have the same approach. Cheers!
glad to know my value! :) $82
Q5: My dirty little running secret: I love training for a marathon because it gives me an excuse to have plenty of alone time!
U complete me! x
Congrats! It's a great resource!
hanging on has been remixed to death but one of these days i'll have some new sick music to share... and maybe get remixed :)
#MOA is packed this weekend! Seriously! Find out why next on Fox @ 5
#Blackparentsquotes a hard head makes a soft ass
It feels like a Bun B kind of morning. (cc )
It's a Periphery kinda night. Listening to the album right through.
Doc, thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your #Fresno tweets!
There are just some people that I can NOT stand.
Just finished mastering Dave Hunt's new 12-song CCM/Worship CD entitled "Ebenezer" - good stuff.
Finally done wit skoo worse teacher ever
Why the long face 🐴?
Visiting stinky ! Im so happy now :)
Sabrina and I are having a mosh pit at home to The Agony Scene tonight. You all are welcome but just watch out for her elbows. They hurt!!!
If they do, it's a miracle.
The power of the imagination makes us infinite.
Diner at Friday's yum yum.
We are so grateful for today's glorious weather and all of the sweet souls of those we meet!
talking to lawyers
Jeremy is a creative song writer and has sick skills on the guitar
Lol i love how me & my mom fight over the radio in the car! At least she let me blast
QoTD: "In order to get from what was to what will be, you must go through what is." (Unknown)
we can't use the itouches bc district took away the open wireless network. Really decreased the # of kids w mobile dev
i can. Without a mirror too..
RT : Hello ! Will try to keep the vestment and religious regalia related tweets coming. Thank you!
Go to Venice beach and watch some real skateboarding.
Who is the most awesome person today? (points at you) :D
Any photos from this weekend? Share your flamenco pics!
omg it's Camille's !
Thirdly, did I catch a Leibniz reference in one of those new songs?
Lunch time! Quarter Pounder with Cheese is calling my name.
Looking forward to other pics!
Not my #DonnaSummer! #LastDance takes on a whole new meaning! #RIP Sista
It"s the perfect weather for it. RT : Oh, , how I've missed your almond latte!! So happy to be here now enjoying...
The day's bright side for local #Brewers fans is that less than 4 hours remain in it. Stay strong, west coasters.
it was radical dude
And how calling for a strong, diverse, smartly implemented transit system is a 'denial' of any of those things?
My attitude is based on your actions.
Thank you for your belief, Ani. You are a nice deer.
Amateur Hour Variety Hour! wednesday! the hand has a secret guest... (hint: the most shreddingest guitarist in charlottesville?)
A real man doesn't let weather dictate his moving plans.
internet is failing tonight. Sorry guys. Be on when it comes back up
The Real Obama: Betraying Israel
Hi #libchat I'm Tiffany. Librarian looking for employment.
Praying to god that I passed the #CAHSEE !! It was easy, but who knows. Part 2 2morrow! :o
so they can make money during the day and night.
Yay! Congrats on your acceptance!
we are moving to a new location in #Eugene ... Just a few blocks away from our current location...pics of the new office to come
have you seen the Superfriends Waaaazzup video? If not, google it. Hilarious.
I'm wondering for those of you in #EST, will you be around to see the conclusion of | ?
Madison can I get a tweet plzz this is the one thing I want and if I dont get it soon I might start giving up TBH i might now
In dying need of a new car
thanks for sharing with your viewers!
Dear I'm just a gal from WI lookin to do a duet with you :)
Really, really good. I'm still iffy on the whole Zoe-baby-plot, but I'm starting to come around.
today is only wednesday?
POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!!
What are the expectations for Brandon Weeden? Matt Schaub? Kurt Warner? What exactly.
The food channel has great tips for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS the Neely show
Final performance of this lovely night, Triptych! Http://massiverocketradio.com
There's always that 1 story on E60 that gets me swelling up n the eye region
Singing so much christmass musis in spanish(;
don't feel bad...that's al I got this morning
I'm too chicken to taste this drunk.
Thx 2all &to all a good night Lost on LA but NYC here we come! BARBERSHOP PUNK Nov11-17RerunTheater/GastropubBrooklyn Opning nght will rock
I know ya'll hate this but I really need your help PLEASE ! Watch my videos and comment so I can get better or if you like them let meknow
More vintage, rules, makes it more creative? RT : Q1: What makes DC fashion unique and worth being noticed?
Write your code with how to test it in mind.
haha I know I was like um I feel like drinking now
long time no talk hope all is well!
This has been called a railroad age. Impatience @ slow processes of nature is [becoming] a general characteristic of the popular mind (1857)
Love it when you call me baby.
heard 'Love you like a love song' 4 times in the last 24 hours..... Check Mate?
Shale gas importance will increase in the future
Join us this Friday 7pm for March screening-drinks short films filmmakers raffle
I miss cleveland
Just saw Project X with best movie ever
burgundy is so pretty for jeans!!!
Awesome for FTD. Just bought it!
Dad is a man but act like a bicth
hi! You ready for your euro trip?
At this point, unless its for D. Howard, #Lakers need to keep Pau Gasol.
going to visit him, he moved over there for a couple of months:/
Jessica is coming to town....time to meet her in person!
#FF Those who illuminate and elucidate the books:
I'm glad we had to turn around on our run due to my dizziness otherwise we would have been caught in the downpour
Yeah, American Idol...lovin it!
The defense could use a turnover. Can Dom Capers call that play?
Heading to New York #4dayweekend :)
Lol. She'd be fine! She could stand to lose some pounds.
That awkward moment when you get rejected for a high five..
LOL, thankfully it won't be cold here ALL winter ;-) It was almost 80 this weekend... then 2-3 days of cold... then back to warm!
I so want to follow up with a potential customer, but something doesn't feel right. too soon I think... must have self control... arrrgh
you are never around, #bromance seized two years ago
Awh, it's going to be so much fun. You'll love it!
& can I be your best twitter friend? (:
The calm before the storm, are y'all ready?!?
I've got to get on my NBA playoff bracket pool action.. games start in a few hours!
A woman brought you into this world. So you have no right to disrespect one.
Your wish is my command! ;)
Earning through iDine is simple and free—the only heavy lifting involved is getting your fork into your mouth.
You haven't seen Top Gun? Kind of embarrassed to admit, I used to own a copy! :P
Ayoo... This summer- This niqqa changing !
You want real swag? You should be watching Matt Stafford
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
Great parallel, they both were gamed. RT UNC Asheville and Armando Galarraga should get a drink together
I wasn't gonna let ATT beat me. That ain't how I roll, so to speak.
Here's some twitter trivia for your Tuesday: What do Betty Carter, Woody Herman, & Randy Weston share in common?
A friend just bought me a massive piece of homemade Blueberry pie from his kitchen and I turned it down. Kill. Me. Now.
looking for #RVA folks on Twitter. Scott Hugins ; Chris ; Kenny yates ; Who else?
don't stress! i am in the same boat. this class has the biggest work load for me this quarter
Totally agree! Drinks and gossip
I'm back in la! So good to meet u. I might be back in vegas sept
that's a cool tweet dude!
So once again Shemar Moore is the most beautiful man on this earth lol
please please follow me (: I love you <3
Also we're releasing a new song tonight! Make sure to check it out!
what id do if accepted my friend request?...prob scream,then faint, then eat a taco, then throw a party lol :D
yup yup where u from?
She said w and gotta leave u alone. Pawn is listening and we rate this $$$$
You didn't, but it's okay. I need to buy a subscription, anyway.
I spent part of my youth way out there. My mom lived in Round Hill. And yes, that was way out there to me
will seeing the real Courtney thru the eyes of the camera change your mind and regret the decision?
Follow us? #CodyToIndiana :)
Success - Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats.
I feel really good today...hope it stays that way!
INCREDIBLE webinar by this afternoon! Thanks Michael!
I've never not wanted nothing so any kind of not bad.
right! Boredd. i wanna be with him<3 dont say his name Danni!'
When that Steve Francis pic was first posted was one of the funniest days on twitter this yr
Sorry if I offended, but I just couldn't resist the jab. ;)
FOLLOW BACK.
Beat The Buzzer is coming up at 12pm and Sea World tickets right ater 1pm today with on HOT!
new printer, new twitter background :-)
josh! i freaking miss you !
and you're still the big agency dude. =8)
Don't turn your back on love.
Dawn Lundy Martin, member of the Black Took Collective and a Lambda Award nominee for her book, Discipline, will perform@ our symposium.
Hey #DWCdc session two students how was the first day of class?!
I'm really, really excited about the new record. When can we expect it?
Getting ready for a long day Saturday. Moving in 3300 students and getting them connected to networking.
What I learned in Finance today: All art, little science, big bucks.
The Avengers Was Awesome !!!
Star-tender in the house!!
Coming up on #Maury...Falling for the hidden decoy..stupidity...times stupidity..
Watching the game plan
Inpatient surgery. Not fun. But I'll survive. I hope things are going well for you too!
I'm good, thanks. what is double ada?
not much about to watch a movie. Good luck Sunday!!
I already follow you though. Haha.
Justice Served: A novel of the Embellish Saga $2.99 on Nook and Kindle
Ashlyn just called Mr.Long.. And now we're invited to his house.. Awkward
just said I wasn't aloud to talk about my new bimmer tonight
hmm, well I'm getting mine the Thursday night before prom because I got it the day before for homecoming and I was way to dark.
Meetings should be like a book; an introduction, meat in the middle, neatly wrapped up at the end. #leadership #training SeanLetwat
RT i have legally changed the spelling of STEF===>F U N K loll.... Jan '09 =)
Congrats EVERYONE! I can't WAIT to see these shows! :)
Dance is the most democratic of the fine arts. As with sports, there's an elite but also many zillions of amateurs who are just having fun.
lights up my world like nobody else
I must apologize to everyone in Central Ohio- I sent the sunny & dry weather to NY as a Mother's Day gift to my mom! Sorry!
fear not though i to inadvertently say things without thinking about it first.
looks like it's working. Best way to beat Brady.
Are there still #Broncos/ #Steelers playoff tickets available? Tune into #9News at 4 and 5 for the answer.
WordFromTheLord: "This is a set time of Unparalleled Favor, but in order to walk in it you must live a
You don't wanna have this argument with me so I'll end it before it starts ;)
Cool video. Wish they had made more explicit use of timelapse, but other effects (HD & enhanced colors) are pretty good.
WHICH WAY IS IT LEANING! WHICH WAY!
"I've got a folder full of rejection slips that I keep. Know why? Because those same editors are now calling my agent hoping I'll write a...
Can someone explain why markets are up amidst the protest? weird.
menthol rub under the nose.
RT : Who to #follow? These tweeps add value to #Twitter!
Thanks for the follow. Do you know anyone in Texas?
thank you for your support!! Wise words <3
Pls help Pakistan flood victims! Text "SWAT" to 50555. $10 helps United Nations send tents, clothes, food, water, meds. Pls retweet. TY!
hahaha wow we would lose the toss... Well we played at yalls stadium last year too I think? Either for our first or 2nd game
I have not taken my school boy cap off all day
Couldn't tell if he hit the backboard or not, but he definitely missed the rim.
Is basically ready for ye olde roadtrip...what to do with the rest of the night...
Happy Easter!!! #Boston bfh
wanna come to the #nycmer April 27th event with me? Artist curator educator remix!
I want them because I have one shirt that will go great with them hahaha
great to see you, too! Have safe travels home!
i have to say really does have stellar customer service.
Nap Nap Weiner.
some ppl have to work, you know... so practice on Sunday afternoon @ my house?
its not even the end of the week yet!
Ty happy to follow!
Good point! I also enjoyed the Mellencamp dig.
You will go crazy trying to analyze crazy... I just let crazy people stay to themselves.
Thanks Whitney! Glad you signed up.
Come on Rebels lets pull out a W!!! I can't handle the stress of these close road games.
Prove it. Go out and kill a hobo. RT I might be the most random person in the world
Why am I watching videos of from umf ? I thought you hurt yr foot?
And #SACFair is officially underway! Stop by Copley Lawn between now and 3 pm!
on referenced the "Democrat" party. Is "ic" really that hard to say?Do Rs think they own us if they rename us?
Strange but great Mad Men tonight
Best of luck to ya with everything sir! Its been a real pleasure, I wish you all the best, and God's Blessings to you
You must be the change you want to see in the world. ~Gandhi
I have a possible story for you regarding and Ash Wednesday. DM me so I can send you a brief description. Thanks.
#givethemanatrophy, walk into bathroom, guy is peeing from motorized scooter, seated, into urinal, awkward and impressive
yea too much slap..
“: would we be able to pick up Cauldron opening day scarves as well?” absolutely
so glad someone made a joke out of that. It was asking for it.
thank ya:)
Kelly (saucewear) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Hey it's BK, Do you remember the first baseball game you went to? I know OUR SPURS get 9 in a row tonight but baseball season also here.
Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals is TONIGHT at 5pm! Come in for happy hour and the Stanley Cup Presentation!
Evian and a good thoughts is what I be on
What about shallowplush?
awesome. Thanks for the link
Happy Birthday Foster! Thanks for letting us celebrate with you.
I leaned Jay-z discovered Rihanna today. What.
Nope lol u always got snacks for a brother lol
So happy my gurl is on Twitter!!!
The knicks better f**king win tonight.
I finally joined twitter thanks to
Still trying to open BORDERLINE this Friday. Lot's of ice to get through in tech week.
they sure do the work! I always say - if you succeed it's yours and if you fall flat on your ass, it's yours too!!
10 day Alaskan vacation booked and scheduled. my nipples are hard.
u know it playa
thank you for sharing MentorMob! Happy Tuesday!
makeup is ALWAYS on point
we love you too
I wish it was hot here...
Yup. I'm that much of a dork.
Heard that will be giving free tix at spring training! AZ is the spot this spring!
I'm a fan of Indeed iAm
> great, go to town. But figure out if you do, and what they are 1st, otherwise get through them faster & let your guests say if they agree.
Next leg of "College Road Trip: the Reboot" is underway. Next stop BTV and and !
ooh yes u got Dat right
So the traded away Bogut and Jackson, and they bother have Bobblehead days coming up. Interesting.
Day 2 of my #ResultsManager trial and feel like it is already amping up my productivity. I feel like I did during my early days with GTD!
I'm fine with that. Go ahead.
Dodgers putting in work tho
I feel like its my lucky day. I get on and so did you!
Digi social networks may B biggest gamechanger in what it means to B educated;technologies not the point;concentrate on relationships-Jacobs
Something is not right with me! ...how was I supposed to know? Something is not right with me! ...tryin' not to let it show! -
New pictures up at www.newbridgesballet.com under the Media page! Check them out!
#WereNotFriendsIf your going to lie to me.
Finally some kinda of though be it mimimal form of justice given out.
What type of volunteers are you looking for? We would love to help
"learning is like a city, progress is slow and hard" #sls12key the more roads the better
I never thought I'd miss the metro but I guess I did because I'm loving my metro commute in to DC. No traffic. Ok!
yeah we get wasted after two performances
#WBA is in the game!
Two concerts in one weekend. I'm pooped! But these bands are worth it :) and
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<38
There were times when we stayed on the phone for hours at a time... Now we hardly even speak.
Just lay me out now if he sings Ribbon in the Sky......
I'm greatly entertained at how insecure must be to censor the contents of a video game. That's why I buy games from Amazon.com.
Wonderful day with the family
- Thanks! Drop me a line if you want to talk more about it (assuming we haven't spoken already!):
Art submissions keep rolling in, but we want to see more! Where are my artists at?
Hey people. If you say 'Cali', or 'So-Cal', or 'Day-go',You are clearly NOT from San Diego California. We don't talk like that. Sounds dumb.
1126: your SO pretty. How bout you share? I LOVE your account(:
Enjoying this morning. Check it out if you're looking for an incredible Sunday morning worship experience.
The unexamined life is not worth living. ~Socrates
These flyers of me around school literally just shows how popular I actually am.
so cool to see you using that fitbit. Thought you lost it??
Could be a short book -- I have trouble managing to get both milk and cornflakes into the bowl when I am that immersed....
looks like fun!!!
Yeah, I like all of them though. Sometimes after so many months I switch boyz but I don't tell them their last names
Yellow squash on the flyover at the Glades.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people have their elbows on the table at dinner or lunch
Back spasms are the main reason I haven't slept much spring break
Just woke up....good morning to all
Suzy has the lisp in her speech. #irony RT : Redneck hillbilly??? Really Suzie?
Note to all literature students: reading the homework might be a good idea. It's kind of the point of the whole class, y'know.
except for etsy, ebay, garage sale, flea market, newspaper, penny saver, craigslist, a website, or internet.
I Can See Clearly Now never founded so tight Engine Room = Bad Ass too For Real
Melanie, thanks for the retweet! Love your work in Psych Today. Therese'
Yeah it was awesome! Thx! RT : Great to see you rockin the #mediachat!!!
that's how ya know you've really made it!
EW I HATE MY PHONE. IT DELETED MY MESSAGES 😡
Orwell: "Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious."
Suicide situation about 8 houses down from me :/
something special (:
that was a Sheetz. This is where the public urination incident happened. Please get your Jeff Reed mishaps straight :)
Aw you're sweet! And sometime I will show you my rejections folder. Onward!!
Wen you stop givin a fuck....... Your so much happier... So fuckin tru;) ...good morning
Is there anyone that will be in the Village area over the next few hours that can pick me up mustache wax at Bruce Smith Drugs??? Please!!!
I realize that I tend to be a little dramatic..and I'm okay with that.
Pac Man
I miss you, too! I think any program is better than the one I'm in right now. Haha
Hopefully man im about to like do some work outs so ima hit you up lates man
Who has 2 thumbs, a twitter account, and a new job as your go-to coffee geek? This girl!
Thanks for the follows !
Happy Halloween!
we gone talk later. Im trying to save the world right now.
It's not who you know, but what who you know knows.
Great! Hope you enjoy it! Thanks for our link and yay to !
Who's cousin is this in san fran? Black barbie lol OMG
In the divide between reality and desire lies addiction.
Over bringing down the system from within. Can somebody tell me about africology and women's studies at #UWM?
From Ch.4 Is it a common human reaction to put others down in an attempt to bring oneself up? Does this really work? Why or Why not?
Case almost had an INT there. Whew. 3rd and 10 with 2:31 to go.
LOL, no. She gave her account to me cuz' she didn't want it no more.
next time!!! We're always open for visits!
Great to see JB, Phil, and Freddie playing well at the Shell #PGA. I can't wait for
Back to the beginning...lunch at Soho Beach House, our favorite spot
Those ninja moves you make when you walk through a spiderweb.
I would put money on it that, like 5k and 6k before them, 7k starts out on the Green Line.
How about creating Mom's own permanent State Fair Meeting Place with a personalized brick. Visit www.wsfpfoundation.org
YOU ALREADY KNOW CUZ,
welcome to the twitterverse!
Lunch with and at SXSW
Dayum $SNPK... that's pretty wild...
lol how did I know you were gonna say some crap like that.
its nice when someone text you saying hey i was thinking of you and wanted to say hi and how you been that can makes someone smile or day
#rstats tip that maybe everyone else already knows: the Design package is now called rms.
NATURE-INSPIRED LOCKSETS, HARDWARE &amp; BATH ACCESSORIES - Closets Daily
The spammers are trying really hard to hit my old metadata class blog. Sorry, guys, not going to work.
rolled through seeing a client about a year ago
Hey and YOU! Please help tweet about
Still recovering from CF "Fran" and watching Avatar for the fourth time.
Voting to protect doctors who perform legal medical procedures is "extremist"? WTF.
it good and okaay (:
Being interviewed on Monday in Detroit for the SPIKE TV show "Don't Be a Victim" to air in June
it was so much fun! 10 days of food & good times :-) A post to come about my first 'Fun Run' crazy pple running in costumes.
thanks for fantastic event for DePaul Marketing Alumni on Friday. #Craftsman Interactive marketing was very inspiring.
Vermes Army-we suffered some casualties, we were tested, But the battle is WON. 7-0 We're out to Win The League.
if in the future the pussification of the NFL continues, so be it, but it will lose a lot of fans.
lol! It wasn't even my fault. I was standing on the crease and and a guy fell behind me and tripped me. :O
Well, I agree to a point, but having had experience with that type of man, it's a very fine line. :-)
ugh, AGREED.
I'm the Same Way!! I tweet What I want on here! But Not on my Personal!
its 11:11 make a wish, make a wish and say...i hope you come true <3
see that right there? That's my dignity, stuck in the pit. Whatta you think? 9-iron? Wedge? Eh...f**k it. Let's get wrecked.
follow me ?:) #Believe 9
Dont worry about how u look worry about how you feel inside. If you need it. You need it #YPsupport :)
it seems as if the bruins are sleep skating
Had a great dinner last night at Esperanza's Kitchen (). If you live in the Indy area, you should definitely check it out!
In sunny Tucson with Looking forward to meeting all the franchise owners!
come over
why are they selling that? West is clearly toughest.
Nice meeting you this year. Good luck finishing up at Elon!
my kind of guy, Lol!
When you too good to someone they take that and flip that shit on you.
Hey Ugly Chicks.. That extra Cleavage you showing in yo Twitcon don't make you no Cuter! Just thought I'd let you know :)
At our tailgate we have lots of meat and little carbs / veg. I'd consider it paleo, but really it's just because I'm good on the grill.
I don't really want Dwight anymore. I don't like his "f the coach" mentality.
I hope that _everyone_ would disagree with that statement :)
“: Okay, whose grandfather donated $350 Million to ? #JewishBoyProblems”
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 15, 2012
Y U NO TWEET YOUR SWAG. Loving the new icon btw (;
I think Tim will bowl a 546 tonight. Go Tim!
Doc....he IS man! Covered!!!
Finishing rehearsal, then readying 4 the Oscars. The Veuve is already on ice!
I've had my septum, bridge, nose, monroe, snakebites, both sides of my neck pierced, and my ears stretched.
Roger that phi
Thats intense. oh well. Keep it up. Any new posts on Salon yet?
Phone rage today?
Happy Mother's Day!!
I like the news
Listening to you/McCabe I am at work. Wish I was at the studio. Back on course next Saturday. I heard today is your 39th B/DAY!
RT shut up // 0____- I'm confused
Once I went a whole five minutes without talking about dicks or farts, but I still didn't find true love.
thats crazy tho how the put that caption for that pic lol
I hope this is u cause I want to talk to u!! Been a long time. Can't be that many Beth frazho's in the world!
two actors I don't care if I ever see again... they are fine, good actors but way over exposed. wanna know who???
Drinking coffee at 10 p.m. is a terrible idea. But I'm doing it. So I'll be up all night...planning a yoga class? studying yoga? writing?
Thanks so much dude! Really glad you're enjoying it. This is Strongwater's first demo. Help us out and spread the word!
so i know u happy... where did u live before when u was here?
watching 1000 ways to die on spike channel
so I'm now here in my home :) My cousin was like 4 almost 5 hours in the OR :c but now he is fine :D going to see him tomorrow :)
Want to come to the premiere of ?? Tweet #InTimePremiere and check this out...
Nothing bored af Sitting here Debating on What Niggas bout to Eat lol
sounds good. I'll tweet so others can meet us there?
I KNOW RIGHT? I have a bunch of those now and I am considering just squirreling them all away somewhere...
Is voicemail a generational thing? I mean... why leave me a 2-minute VM when you could just e-mail me "Are we ready with this yet?"
is going to flip her mind Rodgers tweeted and she's not here. lol
Just got a new vuvuzela :)
Looking through pictures of when you were little makes you wish you could go back to those simple times..♥
2469ashleyisthebestever1234- lololol nice number. 'that should be me' um you're like my bestfriend and real funny! You're super gorg(:
Those are pretty sweet!
i work a hectic work schedule but i can work events into my schedule..... what state you live in?
Hello Robert, I kow you drive/race but was wondering if you sponsor drivers? I've got a good driver w/ a connection to China
People’s words affect you only as much as you let them.
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
‎ looks good bruh, now just work on your site. Ha. Actually don't forget this is what I do.
I dunno😁☺ RT : Why is so purrrrrttyyyyy??
- I know but You know that was dirty . Lmfao Really ? You aint have to go there with the chillin like a VILLIAN ! Lhh
Ha haven't been on twitter in a while cause of stupid school
I forget how much I like hip hop until it pops into my Spotify playlist and my head starts bobbing.
how many awkward situations do you have ?
Jack mcbrayer is so precious
"Ducky" I'd Love to Hear another song from Him....Last season They brought some back !!!!! He Needs 2B1
So far, #readathon updates for me at hour seven, eleven and seventeen. How random. Loving #fireandhemlock on second read!
Limitless guac in the media workroom in ABQ. would FREAK! Tastes decent and is free!
She running around naked? RT : JESUS, ANNIE! JESUS, I LOVE YOU! Lmfao
Haha...who knows. I thought the same thing. Powerful guy though!
RT : At the same time, im too young to try to do everything at once. There's still time Tremayne... There's still time.
when you stopping back over to Clive?
oh shit, I forget if that game spoils his identity or not. :/ Also psp version gimped the combos compared to og unlimited codes.
welcome back to the land of twitter.
spotted in the risers!
I love cuddling wiff my doggie. Were dating. I mean its mot official, but things are getting pretty serious. 💙🐶
miss you too Im doing fine love hope the same for you
Much respect to the ! Books & films CAN motivate us to do something, connect w/others - not just buy crap!
I suck at Guitar Hero and Rock Band on easy mode, so I would almost assuredly not own Piano Hero in either sense of the word
Early morning planning. Getting ready to call companies some companies on Monday.
iit was an open invite
I miss you toos! Maybe I just have to go to ATL?
presenting "webconferencing with webex" this morning. excited that gpls can provide webex services to all public library systems in ga.
comin again to save the m-fing day
I don't know. I was on Mon-Thurs... and Saturday.
Also thank you Alex and Austin because you guys brought us together
sigh...there you go again. I need to make your recipe this week!
Now that I am at MIT Press, am toying with the idea of doing a year of reading dedicated solely to the list here.
Poor Whitney. No singer to this day has ever touched her voice in my opinion.
Last week I interviewed two women and this week I'm transcribing those interviews. I'll post them for you to read soon.
I feel about rappers like Hemingway felt about bull fighters
In Snow White when the dwarfs sing "I ho I ho it's off to work we go" they are actually going home from work... Shouldn't they sing I home?
your pretty don't say that
I believe it was for an old print issue that's digitally archived. Little we can do as we report arrest not conviction or lack of
the better idea though would be to just avoid the problem and have it on Wednesday or Friday though. Seems rather simple to me.
Why they make this concert on tuesday , why no on friday or thursday ?
This shouldnt be funny, but it is so funny.
Did you know this week is Choose Local First Week in Milwaukee? Great local companies (us too) are involved offering sweet deals!
Maybe it was a good thing I didn't make a bracket. This is already the tournament of the underdog.
Wait, Lisa & Jeff know each other?? Worlds colliding!
Do you post your syllabi online? Working on a syllabus for an Annenberg jour class and trying to read as much as possible.
Check out my friend as she rocks it on the CW #90210 2nite 8pm. Xxoo
hahahahaha, really!! please don't unfollow mckayla&i...(: we really would appreciate it!
what does that even mean....?
If you own a home in #Maryland, you're probably overpaying on your #property #taxes. Find out here: www.mdtaxappeals.com
Another great networking event going down tonight #MYAGENDA Monday nights ESBN @ Club Allure. Be There!!!
I'll be okay, just a long road of recovery ahead : / - thank you for the well wishes!
Congrats, Blayne! That's awesome!
#hiring #jobs Gonzalez has open positions for Machine Builder, Pipefitter, & Electricians in MI. Open position in Virginia, Motoman.
what would Helen Keller do...
omg Thomas.
Just heard "Power of Love" on the radio!
Tonight is Parents Night Out at Floriana! 10% of our sales will go to benefit our local elementary school ROSS!
Pssst.... we start delivery on Sept. 9! Pass it on!
you smell like sweet red plums & grilled cheese sandwiches
Crap. My mom wanted it the other way around. Likes CSI Miami colors & (dark) humor. Thinks NY is dull, dislikes Sela Ward
Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it! :) Enjoy your day!
Do you have a Facebook? My 4 year old son also has Autism.
oh I know their extremely vague and ambiguous propaganda video all too well. Consider yourself followed!
I keep reading this as "being inside-out" and getting really confused but also morbidly delighted...
Happy Happy Birthday to you on your special day! Happy Happy Birthday id what Im here to say! #FlawlessBeing #OwnTheNight <3
LA intensive first day over. Information overload...I love it!
Obedience is nothing more than aligning our lives with the society that exists in the celestial kingdom. -James Gaffney
Ask questions! U prolly will get the real truth...
Today is graduation for our latest group of kids on course...CONGRATULATIONS!!
Call KROQ and requesting One Felt Lonely by The Dares (800)520-1067....then call again throughout the day =)
eye get back on Thursday.
attd news release
welcoming all friends
Absolutely. The Internet has been a huge success BECAUSE we've kept the govt out.
#alancooper Show value by getting very focused on something very small and show improvements.
I completely agree. What amazing thing can you do?
It's a lovely
That's a very good question. I wonder how many annual conferences voted young people to
“There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up.”
In past years when the Red Sox stunk, I would pick an NL team to follow, often the Cardinals. This year it could be the Nats.
what! Why not? We are almost in summer. :)
Losing followers
Congratulations! Can't wait to visit.
Haven't been to Kroger in the longest
Fashion Alert: Tube tops are making a comeback in #Denver this summer out why on March 8!
where u been
Mulberry Row (Monticello) had wonderful slave reenactors from Colonial Williamsburg as cooper, basketmaker,nailmaker & joiner yesterday.
ok tay wateva u say if u do dat i want sum LOL
that you talking to the cop in rocky point? What did u do now!
RT : Did you know that May is National Physical Fitness and Sport Month? Keep up with your #Spinning classes
We are watching your. #supercommittee we demand you represent the people.
"If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up." ~J.M. Power
Good Morning #TwitterFamily....We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of eachother everywhere....
Happy Father's day to all the dads. If your dad likes to cook, come down and see all the neat items we have for him. Open to the public!
wittle beautiful baby 💜
I'll give it a read, thanks for the first glimpse!
Beautiful Baltimore sunset tonight! Wow. Colors like that are an incredible sight to behold and so moving to the spirit within. Wow!
AND LOVE
(and all similar critics) need to understand that NCAA bylaws are passed by univ presidents, not football coaches.
ctfu yeah rite!!! who ya unc?
Now Playin_Keep Mines On Me
aww you took my job , he's been retweeting my tweets for the past 3 tweetpress .. lol <3
CDR is smoking hot right now.
#iUseToThink every white person was rich cause they didnt stay in the hood come the find out they just as broke a us
My God is greater than your problems. So leave them in His hands
Man its so hard to ask but gotta let it go......
where my girls at ? Make your heels clap!
Put us in your #FF and we will do the return;)
Be less curious about people think of you and keep doing your thing in life and good things will come out of it
Christmas gigs FUN FUN FUN...NYE S.F.S FAV VENUE "BOTTOM OF THE HILL" TAHOE ON THE 13TH SECRET SHOW NEXT WEEK...
DRG WTF what are you doing???? You saw the banshees! He threw away the first game and possibly the championship.
All I want is a Klondike bar. “: Twitter is easy. Know what you want out of it and Tweet until you get it.”
noo really i can eat pizza off ur head dude help me get followers
Hope the child feels better - then mom will also.
yes 7 is a classic (Advent Children was just one giant excuse to bring back Sephiroth lol)! But it was enter raining especiall
I am going to a Skrillex concert on Saturday! :)
holding strong - caucus holds to "no" or "present" on R amendments and defeats ACE Title I Formula Fairness
Ghetto Superstar
#Avengers Can't wait to go see this!
you got that right .
#wcphilly #day2 Up Next: Contributing to WordPress Core with Andrew
I saw a group of skaters as I was coming out of wal-Mart, then realized it was my ex and his friends, omfg so awkward ('x
I do the pinch and speak through gritted teeth in the store. LOL
Why you not reply? :(
In 30 minutes are going to take game 4 in Orlando which will bring them home for the close out. If you can go to the game!
Hey, now! What'd I do?
28 - 21 Capital City at the end of the third quarter. I love watching games with great defense.
Hahahaha! Love it!
"Hey Mom can I get that mini-fridge?"......"Oh wait! That's a dishwasher......"
I am exhausted...
Tonight we're making calls to those who we will be casting. Keep your phones close by!
i can see that. Its almost the size of a tiger. Thank the Gods for a spare hefeweizen
Hey heard about your crazy car situation! Hope you're doing okay!
Still no runs in the Brewers/Reds game! Hope you all had the under!
"You broke the rules, now I'm pulling out your pubic hair." Oh, Tenacious D...how your lyrics make me giggle.
i'll let you know once I talk to my daddy. Its depending on his flight
You amaze me. <3
connected on FB too!
Am I really gonna run in this rain? What music is appropriate for that?
never have i wanted children SO badly. #ldsconf. Thanks 4 putting it so beautifully, Elder Boyd K Packer
Have fun Mollie!
I am so sry about ur loss and I will keep u and everyone in my prayers
baby <3 Your gonna meet your daddy one day don't worry! :) Be happy that's what he would want <3
congrats Jessica! You deserve to stay. You're amazing and talented. It was a shocking and unbelievable night for everyone.
should be hot in LA, Kayper has serious skills!
I go to LSU. How do you like Pitt? Some friends of mine went there for undergrad.
Guess what I just purchased for Remo and myself? And also roping several other people into going as well.
So excited that & I will now be getting the weekend (Fri-Sun) papers delivered. #YAYNews #IsMyElitistLiberalBiasShowing?
Hey Josh, I'm a big #Rangers fan from New York. Can I get retweet?
#mahonefact Austin loves to wear chain, he has many collection of it :)
Romney #Dodge I don't believe it, look at the voting record
Come sing with us tonight at McAlan's in Rancho Cucamonga!!
Had a gd time last night wit gotta do it again
Considering that he died in 1971, wouldn't ANY Louis Armstrong recording be "decades old?"
yo bro which twitter am I suppose to write to? -_-
I almost always run into Ice Wraiths who are fighting something/one else. Ice Wraiths = jerks, obvs.
Would U say #freshmen #congressmen have no power w/o establishment blessing = How #RINOs squelch the Tea Party freshmen.
After watching 6 Days To Air, I have a whole new respect for #southpark. Man those guys bust their butts!!!
Lol.... When you #single you can do things like that. :)
Lol not me! RT : you're alive? You're like a ghost constantly MIA
LMFAO HIS FACE IN YOUR PICTURE OMG. I CANT ITS TOO CUTE ITS LIKE A CABAGE PATCH LOLL
Juridica gross cash proceeds for the year increased by 159% to US$17.1 million. One case settled and five returned partial settlements.
I went to the driving range this weekend for the first time in my life. Loved it! I'm now taking up golf! Wish me luck! :)
Lets go baby duke all day
if i sneeze, dont say bless you bitch
The older I get, the more people I hate.
So both my brothers came in my room drunk last night and woke me up now I can't seem to fall asleep weird...
Happy Sunday morning! I'm surprised to see sun in the PNW!
Call anytime luv
": Congrats to the #CBSBigBrother winner!!" I'm still waiting to see who...hopefully #Rachel!!
Don Henley's "All She wants to do is Dance" Would be better if he sang "All She want's to do is, Sex"
FBI thinks they may have found D. B. Cooper. Didn't Michael Scofield do that years ago?
#ECEtechCHAT Totally true! And when Spanish speakers are attending English webinars to get in-service hours. terrible!
you're very welcome :)
Get your #FREE #Xerox pedometer - come to the Social Media Cafe & say "My feet hurt!"
got any ideas
Aaawww yeah!!! Sunshine my friend!!!Nothing like it for this Southern Belle, y'all hear me?
you don't know that. i was going too but i got caught up watching the notebook :)
Out with the old, in with the new.
fast hour! enjoyed everyone's insights. have a great weekend.
Money better pissed upon than bet on Jazz.
Touch has many more apps available and alot are free. My iphone on me at all times like a wallet/watch. Fire good ereader
Need a power weed wacker to wack this small patch of grass. Would anyone be so kind to swing by with one & wack it for me? No pun intended.
I would have road around with you! I wasn't getting the hints lol. I always feel that way about errands, tanning & working out
yes, did you not get the shelter in place announcement? If you aren't on campus, don't come until they give an all-clear!
thanks for the support! Cheers guys!
"No snatches or niggas needed. I can have fun all by myself!..."
Q: Current favorite brand of shoes?
are those nachos?
I think Donnie n co. made the right choice. Bring back last yrs team and you slightly have chance to repeat and a bleak future.
I think that's right, although you've got a streak of Provocateur in you. :)
and thanks to u two for that!
Who has a #brunch filled weekend!?!
Democratic mayoral candidate Vincent C. Gray's town hall mtg. w/Ward 5 residents tomorrow@ 6:30 pm @ Community Academy PCS, 1400 1st St., NW
Listening to IZ "white sandy beach" on #pandora can't wait to go back to #Hawaii with - only 7 months until the next trip!
In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet. ~Albert Schweitzer
Explain this to me: the coffee pot is 98% empty & full of grounds. The solution is to turn the pot off and walk away?
Hmm I just might go with the bangs! 👍
Wow nice DP!
sorry Shane
can't wait to hear the new material!!
it'll be okay. They are staying separate and allow you to share with other networks. So they say.
it is now my aspiration to one day see you in an airport and break out into a 1person flash mob #airportcheerupsquad :)
Can it rain a little more plidx
what is you opinion of Koei yet again not making each character have their unique movesets other than the EX Attacks?
Nothing like good old rain in Mexico to remind me of Seattle.
Bleached a strand of my hair :3 love it
homework in the library
Watching one of my friends love on other guys #suchagem >>
Feels like my head is going to explode. Hope this headache goes away so I can go to bed.
Oh my God, my face is so cold.
Dont know if USA will ever feel the same after being a political prisoner, but by being denied freedom Ive come to truly value it
junior ponzi scheme
I don't feel good 
naw just the ones that was turned in yesterday
Did this guy just open a benefit with a joke about being an alcoholic? Um, no. Not funny.
when was it announced?
Viewing a webinar on transforming libraries. David Lankes from Syracuse University iSchool is speaking.
is funny as Hell and her tweets be on point
trying to say sorry? too late now. should've never made fun of me before.
I hope there will be gifts we can award to those who entertain us the most, a la Hunger Games
The awkward moment when your awake at your friends house and are just sitting there watching them sleep
if the nerd population is segmented, yes. Most people respond to emotional reasoning not date
Cherry Hill, NJ. I hope you're ready for us....we're coming soon
I've noted your travel plans for future reference. As I told you. Lol. I don't like to predict the future either but...lol
best meories of ABDC? Fav song? Fav #?and Can u follow me?
He has great people working for him. Move on sheep.
Swamp People is a great show, though I admit I get homesick when i watch it.
of o book u can come too! Lol
RIP Maurice Sendak.
I'm sorry personalities don't grow on trees, cause if they did you'd be the first person to reach for one
Mixed message on antidepressant for hot flashes
Want to harness the arts to transform lives? Come to Sunday's #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Fair and check out sponsor
crab rangoons from #skewerz are what dreams are made of ... (thanks for the lunch info )
i thought long weekends were supposed to relax you, why am i so tired?!
Boston is beating us in our own game smh
waiting for you to come to Anacostia!
What up, Shelly?! How's the Twitterverse treating you??
RT : Tweet your questions for Alison Bechdel by 7PM 2morrow & will choose one to ask live from the ALOUD stage!...
the jam! the Jackson 5 original also!
June 3 ne
Maybe not...
mom comes in and gets a library card for her less-than-1 yo and then comes back and asks, if her baby can use the computer if supervised
This bridges reminds me of crossroads in my life. In my mind's eyes the bridges I have cross are as long as from here to Africa
International Coach Federation of Greater Richmond sponsoring wonderful events for International Coaching Week icfgr.com
that is a known issue, we're fixing it ASAP!
Rick Santorum "described Ron Paul as an unproductive member of Congress..." That sounds to me like a glowing endorsement.
#ICantStandPeople who only come around when they want something.
Thanks for the mention :)
Yes actually
Unless you're Usain Bolt...
sneak me in
Working side jobs on both my days off. Tired. Counting my blessings that I'm doing this to pay 4 vacation, not just to get by.
I SAW AT THE BLOCK GOT BIS AUTOGRAPH HE SMILED AT ME
Sounds yummy. I've been meaning to try
Not many pitchers have great seasons at 35.
Haha No I'm Still With My Boyfriend. It Was Just A Joke.
we don't carry Bianca but have an awesome similar fit/wash called Jiselle; the difference is no exposed fly buttons!
hope no one accidentally sits on that.
I told myself I was going to stop looking at tattoos on tumblr...3 hours ago.
OMG All The Time... They Swear We Care
"All is very good in love, but with people it becomes soup" What a beautiful show, but bring your prozak
Can't follow from the iPad app. All I see is spinning
You mean...Lauren?
Some people need to stop acting funny! I mean SERIOUSLY, do you really have to do all of that? O.-
man I'm so into #mw3 right now the best game ever. Already in 6th prestige. I'm beasting on this game way more than
OMG! I think I was the loudest in the theater...lol
Have the Celtics grabbed an offensive rebound tonight?
good god these comms and their speculations...I'm not here for that
mane everybody be talking bad about they schools its not the district its just school period
Yes! A sweep would be nice. My nerves can't take the rollercoaster of emotions again.
haha good! keep drinking :p
I wonder whats going through my cat's mind while he looks at me so lovingly. I wonder if he's gay.
wed works..be prepared to buy one pizza for crew!
I can just picture you screaming at it, "WHAT DO YOU WANT, WHAT DO YOU WANT!!!" LOL
We're going to #gradnation next week. How about you?
I Know, I Miss You
can you vouch for corrupt?
Omg I have to pee dammit!! 😣
Less than 4 weeks to our summer show: www.theatrecompany.biz. It all just comes on us so fast. Get ur tix soon.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way
": My prayers and sincere condolences to the family and friends of Junior Seau. He was a special player, wonderful person."
Just want to test something...
London Marriott Hotel Regents Park Preparing for Action Packed London Summer
cool l'll be sure to get back to you today
Looks like somebody has a case of the Mundays (me).
Doesn't look like we'll know until a little after 8pm tonight, IF then... We're going to try to push the guy into moving tonight.
Check your DM bro
Hell yea... Its like summer jam over here...RT : Its busy ??? I'm at Juliet :p
i could have meant lunesta, ambien or nyquil. I didn't. But i could have.
so excited for that!!!
I don't stunt on shit I believe in keeping it real.
Follow Back?? ;)
Shay i want to meet you guys in play list live but im a youtube partner my self idk if i can make it up there my channel is
u know it!!
Can't talk about how civilians interpreted the mobility of Civil War armies in Shenandoah Valley w/o addressing experience of Unionists.
Best punk band of all time NOFX
LOL! Great plan! Solves the rural migration to urban areas problem in a single stroke. Low cost to implement.
I like how you guys tweet each other when your in the same place or next to each other :P
I just like watching the price of stamps go up!
Willis,Troutman, Rakes, Young in studio for tonight's WFBR Sports Call in show. 627-0953. Local sports news and discussing....
I take no shame in being the 19 year old that just spent two hours at the playground climbing up the slides.
1 hour massage at New Growth for $30 on www.crowdclick.com!
Its funny how we live in a world where everyone tries to fit in when honestly there is no such thing... We all fail in the end <\3
LOL RT : Never scroll online job boards late night. Trust me, it's a black hole. Time yourself on those bad boys.
I still have no idea who norah Jones is.....lol
This game ain't even funny. Can't believe this shit.
Im picking Denver. Karl > Brown
shucks. we'll start next monday. i want her to make a twitter
IS UR Miami team gonna go 4 Manning?
Ok it's really weird that my last tweets link looks like #hella and I'm in
I'm walking over to the market to get fresh limes for Mai Tai's.
hit us up with questions! need info?
I'm never putting all my chips on da table again
It is for this reason that most advertising research focuses on other effects in the hierarchy of effects.
You know it's bad when your first thought waking up is figuring out how long you have till you can come back & take a nap
I need sumthinnnn to do
If I miss anyone's msgs I apologize, I'm experiencing technical difficulties. *grumbling timewarner sucks*
a little fixing here and there but keep the core 3...
Haha you're too sweet! :p I'm great thank you! How are you? (:
seriously on the Magic f-up? c'mon man..there are ten year-olds that wouldn't have messed that super simple shot up.
Happy National Walking Day! The , and teams are about to go on a walk!
1234 i really like your username. you're a good fan and i love your tweets!
S/O to all the beautiful mothers that are following me. Happy mothers day! Xoxo!;)
Need to change my picture....lol
says wow, I want him for TV “: Criminal def atty David Bartick newest federal magistrate judge in SD. ”
sup bro west good
You got it!
Are there really *cancel* rumors? I'll call my friends at #NBC!
um, yes. That is all.
I find that Henry Rollins is no longer relevant
Cloudy there, for sure....
I want a date nite with you!
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time.
Right on, man. Who's next?
I'm wondering about the metadata overlap between GoodReads, LibraryThing, and OpenLibrary-
I'm mad my mom just forced me to get up by hitting me with a pillow 😒😒
Protein Shake!
Sarah Palin's hypocrisy and grandstanding continues to sicken me. When will she disappear into the woodwork from which she emerged?
Who will score more pts in their series, Kobe, KD, TP or CP3?
I accidentally under my wife's shampoo this morning and now I smell like vanilla and apricots. I'm hungry.
Wow, Mizzou. Way to ruin my bracket. This is why I don't like you.
THATS MY FAVORITE FUCKING BAND!!!!:D RT : THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA IS IN TOWN? WHAT THE FUCK. :D
You only have until the 21st to take advantage of the tax free special to attend the convention for less than $250! Register today!
lmao, I would know
Have a great Show papa regards to the fellas Angel, Ricky, eric From your 1st Timbalero Chino Nuñez
KISSING GAMES & GIRLS TALKN BOUT
Why does the #newtwitter not works for me?!
you rock!
your 17? u should b picking out prom dresses not babies names
Ranges won wohhhhh😍
ooh i wanna go on stage and rape tf outta
Got hiccups from smoking xD
They just beeped out "hole" in butt hole on tv. Why?
IM ALL ALONE ON TOP OF A MOUNTIAN,IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE!!!!!
What a racist towards Latinos! Stop!
Trying to get this gospel radio show popping off. Hopefully I can meet some connects tonight.
One blue book filled . Ready to conquer another at 130
Somewhere Brett Favre dances a jig.
Andrew Luck will never be an elite qb in the nfl
