I'm having a wine mixer with my pals while Mommy is away at work.
Suggestion – First, Give thanks to the people who brought you in to speak and mention them by name.
Are any of you kickass people awake?
#MBR rider Strickland says "you don't get dizzy on a bull, you get worried"! Let me tell you food dude friends miniature bulls are not mini!
15 mins to #Ingov SOTS address and the Dem side is pretty thin. Interesting day in Indy.
I miss you in Milwaukee, Billy, but I'm very glad you're still going strong playing the game you love.
Small. Go to the Appleton Mall.
Where can i find chapter 1?
The explosion in popularity of and last few months is stunning!
PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!! IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME IF YOU WERE MY FIRST FOLLOWER I LOVE YOU!!!!
Shit just tryin to get some dope beats
I'm a neutral journalist, remember ;)
Healing Circle tomorrow!!! Nashville... this is awesome! Come on by with your aches and pains... leave feelin' the Divinity within.
so why do you hang out with ?
Twitter is trippin!!
“Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we’re here, we might as well dance.”
First day of left-handed tamping went just fine. Plus, I feel cooler doing something left-handed. Did I mention I kinda want to be a lefty?
Let's hear some support for Milwaukee Brewers MVP Ryan Braun!
Me too. Glad they added it RT : Another AWESOME feature of ? It saves multiple page articles with one click.
Omg. you like know everything about skin and stuff, well I assume I guess but anyways, I've been having a problem with -
Bout to go work out gotta stay in shape
Churchill to Baldwin: "My shafts though pointed are never intentionally poisoned. If they cut I pray they do not fester in the wound."
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong. - Peter T. McIntyre
hey you two :) so how are those #socialmedia matrixes coming along (wink, wink) :) hope u two are doing well ...
Contest time! First 5 people to RT this with their favorite froyo flavor win a U-Swirl VIP keychain!
Second Q&A session at #fairuse event now. Any questions for the panel? Tweet them here
Spent way too much on one bag of groceries, but in their defense it did include a kilo of brie.
so Ocky is ur half brother
you couldn't PAY me to see that movie!
Excessive drooling can be another sign your dog suffers from periodontal disease-common: a large amount of saliva.
Happy Monday soccer fans!
Your views on the news: Fifa and poppies, adoption tables and food waste - The Guardian (blog)
wtf ye paintings don't have sound. they haven't created audio paint yet joe.
Welcome to our new followers:
Good luck to at final table of tonight's $150 7 pm spring big bounty event.
Thank you!!!
Something to ponder : When a relationship is over, business or personal, its OVER. Nothing good comes from reviving something thats dead.
So Mark... are we clear to plant our annuals? No more frosts in Milwaukee, right? Or no?
I'm pretty sure summer was made for The Ergs.
OK think I'm done for the night. Very sleepy. Later.
but I must say he's telling the truth...
It's amazing that so many computer technologies derive from some brilliant abstract thinking that spans subjects such as language and math.
“: "That weave looks fabulous on you!" - Said by no one, ever.” lowkey reminded me of heather..
Blah blah blah !! Jk <3 lmaoo see u monday RT : Ugh. No school for me , woke up late :x sorry
THANK GOODNESS YOUR NOT! I love ur account <3
My avengers movie ticket is secured. Now I play the waiting game
one's Web presence alone rarely makes anything good happen - you have to meet people in person, then use the Web to reinforce the face time
Watch out for the Falcons and Matty Ice, this year
short days and long nights or long days and short nights? Or a nice even balance of the two?
Hey figure out what Shelby wants for her birthday
Bored as hell
Responded to FIRE @ 47-23 Vernon Blvd, Queens, NY 11101 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Locking coworkers in a freezer is so funny!
You know it's Friday when you haven't had a single incoming email message since 1:30 HST.
tonight killed me! Feels Soo good! Just what I needed
What cities is Uber in so far? NY?
Learning about the move to McKinley - a see-through workspace instead of an atrium? Incredible!
get well soon kora
I highly suggest you spend the morning on the patio. we have WiFi and you can bring the dog!
I couldn't find it on the website, looks like the ticket at the gate is for the whole thing? Can't be right for $30?
WWLD. *Keiya freaks out and breaks his back.*
Another wet evening in Boston April showers have moved into May
I'm the little kid version of you
His decision 2 not participant in actions counteractive 2 humanity demonstrate the extraordinary actions we may all strive towards!
I am still working to put you in touch with a few people!
annual cost to house an inmate in California is $35587 illegal immigrants comprise 15 percent annual cost 93million
i feel you!
What's wrong with your face? The world may never know.
u wouldn't b able to do this u don't know our
well son .... ithink its time we had "the talk"
Hey McClellin to Bears.
whatever... & the police officer guy? That's a cool name. :) has anyone else died?
it's SF. The answer is always Cabs are an exercise in futility.
Tried a few times signing up and couldnt get on the site. stuck on email confirmation
whenever I read my sent texts after a night out I'm always surprised at how my grammar is still better than most peoples even when I'm drunk
Same here. It's rare to find ppl who just love this industry the way we do! #HollywoodTakeover ! :)
I was hoping to catch them as well, but unfortunately it didn't happen.
I'd take a bullet for you, I'd stand beside you no matter what, but you're just pushing me away and all I wanna do is be there for you.
nice, informative book!
RT: I wonder when, in history, guys started getting line ups.
no he didn't even apologize for what happened. He showed no remorse he deserved what happened.
WI students are paying more in tuition so that the wealthy and corporations don't have to pay their fair share in taxes. This is wrong.
Just got off the phone w/ a dude who said his GF proposed to him, he turned her down! Is getting down on one knee a "man's job"? 222-9800
Just discovered the KOFY TV Dance Party. This is the moment everything changed.
- I definitely remember that "fashion" :) I counseled at his shows in the early 90s :) Good times, really!!
Put Chicago's Largest Personal Injury and Workers' Compensation Law Firm to work for you!!!
Lmfao concert on the 22nd in Columbus
With the State Board retreat, listening to Gary Minor talk about the change cycle.
If you love One Direction then follow !!!!
Time is worth more than money, I say. (re not having a job for a while).
yes... Needed that after a hike and grocery shopping with the kids
I love it when Michael hacks my twitter and tweets
I may pop up at an Avs game; I have friends in Aspen and some other place near Denver that I can't remember the name of.
President Obama made it clear that the work of the Federal Government should never stop because of snow. source: opm.gov
Seems like a lot of people are talking about #cellhelmet these days
why????? WTF ? I'm so pissed right about now !
Good Luck!
looking forward to Friday!
New Penguin Painting "I'm Coming..." www.shadowglacier.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING AND HOLIDAY DISCOUNTED PRICE
I admire #teamtweetallnight. I wish I had the energy right now to stay up!
Pandora just keeps playing these depressing songs. Wonderful.
RT : Strongest sign yet that Messi is the best player ever: he has turned Pele into someone whose full-time job is to say he isn't
Is this IOS5 iPhone update serious? FOUR FUCKING HOURS? One of the updates helps Siri understand Australian accents. So, I guess I get it.
i need to start drinking
RT : Andrew Lloyd Webber wants to do a Jesus Chris Superstar reality show. Tim Rice's response: Oh hell no.
Chicken, onions and carrots in the crock-pot. Added Dijon mustard, worcestershire, maple syrup and garlic. Smells amazing..
Umami for iPad: The Ultimate TV Companion Knows What You’re Watching
GO!!! 2 outreagousrecords.com to hear Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free...
when my boyfriend constantly tells me how pretty my eyes are <3
Gotta Get Up Bright And Early For The A.M. Jog. fml lmao
Proverbs 2:11 Discretion will protect you, understanding will guard you.
Thanks for the ReTweet!
hahaha. everyone wants to talk but no one wants to say nothin!
normal people: boy/girl problems. me: wifi connection problems.
haha why yes he is!
mckenaaaaaa OMG I'm getting a bunny soon from my aunt and when I get it u can come over and see it
I feel so little.... _-_
300 DOLLARS FOR A MEET N.GREET TREY SONGZ LIKE HE FINE. BUT IT'S SAD
I keep seeing those too...not falling for those pictures of me...I'm an Audi and look great in every photo ;)
let's do it this weekend! I need that bbq
Nostril Apostle. "We get our birds in" "but its the gleam tho" shit the fam says
Loving on #GMA, wish i was in Central Park :)
Dr.Adelglass quoted on television on the "Wrinkle Wars" between Dysport & Botox but i think a cupcake war is about to hit Dallas..can't wait
Lovely day in Manhattan! On 7th avenue midtown. AT utrecht art supplies just purchased canvas for video shoot 2 day!
Extraordinary event right now @ woolly mammoth w/carnegie mellon. proud to be on board of the black women playwrights group, the co-creator!
Quote:"It's like someone jammed an electric light bulb in your face, and busted it. I thought half my head was blowed off —James J Braddock
girl you know you got the skills to fix & fresh it up from a few drops of water lol
Today's the day that we all recognize the fact that some man you call Daddy had unprotected sex with a woman we now call mother.
lets you request photos and videos of places from the crowd :)
What law(s) did Boeing break in WA?
coolin, trying to turn this keg into a six.pack,and per_fect my peoples elbow,so I can get your attention
Standard sized rollerboards don't fit in old AA airplanes overhead compartments
No doubt #SuperBowl ads are sure to get a lot of laughs. How would you rate their #brand engagement? Who would you BUY from because of ads?
big brother fans!!! vote for jeff!!!! you can vote repeatedly!!!!!
Did Hacked you earlier? It sure seems like it.(:
do you have one hand in your pocket?
Thank you Todd!
Haha Somebody Is Gonna Have To Help Me Out With This Twitter Thing..
come meet Greg Toler at Catch 22 tonight raffle for Cards Raiders tickets $2.00 bud light bottles
ya love the kidss!
The song of the day is almost wrote a love song -big Sean
right! yo I miss both you & . We need to eat together again 😔
do u believe we cant afford a new stadium or library? city is in a financial hole now?
#madisonsmc I hear the Christmas tree blew down on the Capital Square. Did anyone get a picture for #JingleMingle?
So hungry, don't feel like going to the gym. Dinner has won way to many days than I would like to admit.
I didn't go nowhere lol
Hey if I did the pool through FB, I don't have to log in separately for the pool, right?
on which? either way yes you do!!!
Aria and ezra. That Poor Couplee.
Thanks! and same to you
Life's a dance; your learn as you go. Sometimes you lead & sometimes you follow ♥
omg how?
It will be busy on Stampede grounds this weekend
Ima bring the paper home .
Next time instead of being late, just shit on my face cause that's what it feels like to miss Your Body Is a Wonderland.
it's been real, Lex.
I'm wearing my least favorite jeans tonight.
Thanks Brandi! Yes it would be great to work together!
For me, when I listen to any phenomenal Trance, I wish I were by a lake in the mountains with evergreen forests all around!
Best Director goes to Michel Hazanavicius for The Artist. Hm will this be the film's last award for the night?
R&B station on shuttle to #BWI making my morning and also the older white lady riding with me visibly uncomfortable
dreamt that I was being taken away by the empire, my girlfriend told me I love you. I responded, I know. I WANT TO BE HAN SOLO!!!!
A, B, C, #deeznuts, E, F, Gizzle...and so on and so on, I remember back in tha day when I used to have to get my stroll on.
Love cannot be found where it doesn't exist, nor can it be hidden where it truly does.
p.diddy-ill be missing you on repeat :( still cant belive this bro R.I.P jamal :'(
i wouldv'e freaked out 2!! idk I ate breakfeast at 10 but im still eating lunch!! I think Lunch because lunch is more filling
Who is going to take care of your family when you die???Call me let's make sure they are taken care of 303-922-1001
Snap a pic of yourself @ our new St. Rose/Eastern location for a chance to win a single-cup Keurig brewer! Taking pics until EOD Fri.
Watching great presentation by PBL reminds me of the Reggio Emilia philosophy where I first taught & inspires our media program
“You can spend minutes...over-analyzing a situation...or you can just leave the pieces on the floor and move ... on.”
“: Holy shit why is work so busy” I start at 6 get em all out by then :P
we'll see you on your next trip!
Today: Panel discussion on Engineering in the 21st century. 5-6:15 Room MEC205, Mechanical Engineering Building at U.Va.
I'm surrendering my Wednesday ! Wtf is good
Watching a new bride contort into exaggerated fashion positions in front of a decaying building. What has photography become?
Gotta do 9 am spin class tomorrow
and look! Here's a reply too!
Im gonna build a wall of bacon to keep my haters out.
a PERFECT mix, almost 2 hours worth, erased by a jacked up keystroke
": #Taurus has a good sense of humor." I second this!
Some of us will definitely be making a trip over =)
looks like Dez Bryant is out for today's game fyi
I'm like a nerd at my school, but the kind of nerd with killer swag lool
It's a two show day but Empire Coffee and Tea across 9th ave closes before our evening show. Ah well, #Starbucks is just down the block!
Happiness is when what is right and what interests you are the same thing.
Personally I'd rather throw rocks at my head than read..
Dear 1or both of u need 2 get on a plane & come see my bored arse if its both Portia back away from his locs
Can twitter keep a secret?
Light bulb. Eureka!
In a conference call with Microsoft.
I can't agree more!
Listening to #wtfpod w/ #marcmaron life is good.
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun and fall in love. Regret nothing and don't let people bring you down.
Ahh I hate when a guy take forever to reply back to me!
I can't believe today is finally here. Why can't I graduate today... Gunna miss my seniors
Just got done followin people
Dont want no relationship NO time soon
Thanks for the writeup in !
Acting dumb for attention isnt cute. K thanks(:
It had to spark off and on -- what a disaster. And they probably have kids.... I hope they don't, but I'll bet they do.
Disney's road sides posted as if a bewildered two year old just tossed them out in random places. #Disney=epicfail
Thanks :) we worked so good together !
This girl added me on fb and we graduated together (went out) lmao she has 2 kids now =O
It's always sunny in.... Have a great weekend!
such a lier?
I also have Theoi link, and found very little else too. Thank you anyway! :o)
now that i get to excempt every final!!!!
I have developed an appreciation for the album over the years. Mostly because everything since has sucked...
student lounge party!!
I'll never be a trick!
Nike #EYBL Session 3 in Frisco, TX: Houston Hoops over Albany City Rocks (72-50)
Great stocking stuffer - $850 worth of golf coupons for just $12! Too good to be true? Head to www.crowdclick.com and find out!
You may also come to ChickfilA, enjoy a milkshake and air-condition! RT : It's a gorgeous day. Go outside and play.
This is not good,why does this always happen to me..
Congratulations to our good friend Washington Capitals Head Coach Bruce Boudreau ( A&A Board Member) & for the big win today.
Postal prices going up for express, priority mail The cash-strapped U.S. Postal Service is raising rates for its more profitable express
I wanna do dirty things to that man
RT : Once again the Media rewrites meteorology by calling the Florida pileup cause "Super Fog!" Sorry, no such thing!
Best. Team. Ever. #yeahiwentthere RT : It's official, the #Redsox have reached a whole new level of mediocrity.
"A woman called me to tell me you were dead"
Our practice deserves and awkward turtle😁
Happy Pi Day! :)
What do you think about fellow Cowboy going to Jax at No.5? Maybe he'll come watch you
if you find some and run out of pocket space do let me know. I got pockets!
Being Wise To Patience, Time, And Your Achievements. You'll Be Very Educated In Your Life. Jus Go Slow Dont Rush In Your Young Life Time.
Very interesting. I'll be curious to see how that plays out...
“: Why would any grown man wear skinny jeans?” It's one of the great mysteries of life right up with Crocs and Snuggies.
You must've gotten lost in "Deep" thought...get it?! Hehehe
Agree. RT : A2 not a fan of follow back for sake of - should only be relevant if connection is going to be collaborative
A bird flew threw the window n gym nd everybody was.screaming it was a baby bird dude come on now
howdy sweetness! Already had some buttsex, but there wasn't any lovin involved ...except maybe I just love his beefy ass
Thanks for sharing our big news
Free smells all day!
Celebrate National Burger Month at American Burger Works with the Smoked Brisket ‘n’ Cheddar Burger priced at $8.99!
Both are fantastic games. I like the car selection in 3 better tho. If you like cars and racing you need to get Forza 4.
oh really
Nice to hear from you! I guess multi-tasking s a "survival trait" these days.
Guys, do you remember I have a story? *smirks* should I continue? ;).
I like how she shows the unglamorous side of being a girl.
Chinese food for dinner , yeah baby <3
If you'd like an old-fashioned HTML email reminding u of the next Rhapsodomancy reading 2 wks b4 it happens, email
Simply place hot booties inside the booty bag! If I see this commercial one more time I swear..
#Roasted Beet Salad with Citrus Viniagrette is the #recipe for today! #roasted beets #salad #fresh foods #citrus viniagrette #food blog
Cats fed. Why can't I get #googledocs to work properly with #googlechrome? Seems odd. I have to use an alternative browser.
I pay for this and it froze my Wii 4 times in a row before I gave up. Shitty customer service too by the way.
28 yay votes in the Senate! Marriage equality is on to the House! Yay!
Haha "i like picking up bums, I mean if they need a ride"
Followed my family tree back to 1595! Sweet!!!!
Anybody in San Antonio wanna get drunk!?!?
Oh, right. You love BBQ--sauce--and you hate meat
Great point! And yes, we played with BWW last week and they invited us back to play with Agent Orange last night :-)
Did you know you can get gourmet food at a 10% discount 24 hours a day from ? Thanks #AMLI PERKS!
Look for Heather tonight on the 6:00 news on channel 8, talking about doing business downtown.
Boarding my flight. Headed to NAB
Congratulations! So proud for you! RT : soon to be alum- working in College of Business :)
(; your so sweet. were do you get al your tweets from..?
Time for this voice to get some rest. In the words of Porky Pig, "ebedee ebedeeee...that's all folks."
I Should Be Going To Video Shoot Sunday Unless Something Come Up Follow The Bro
RT : . in nyc is having a HUGE winter sale. 20%-50% off outerwear, boots, gloves, etc. check it out. scored some...
Watch for 's video of Pius High School "Phantom of Opera" 'chandelier practice.'
Sexy librarians of today should be known as #metasexy. :)
nd dey don't even do it GOOD!
not like u!
I wool get these grades done by 8 am. I will. Z
°o° Location picked! has picked Hollywood Studios, now all we need is a spot in the park for your picture!
Rather than boycott,buy time, reach out to his target demographic, change the world 1 diaper/time
Aww I miss your videos:)
Thanks for the retweet.
What book have you read up to? Have you read ADWD yet?
I probably should just buy realestate and make some honest $$ & leave the bull&*^# alone!!
goin to my cousin house
Be the change that you wanna see.
Memphis TN welcomes you Thanks for all that you do
Really, really impressive throw by Tebow down the left sideline followed by an impressive bait-and-throw to Lance Ball. Looking good in 4thQ
"Any art communicates what you're in the mood to receive."
Please release your version of Love Train, I am dying to get a copy of it.
SOMEONE SAID THAT PEOPLE WON'T GET INVOLVED UNTIL IT HAPPENS TO THEM www.mattnotguilty.webs.com
Feeling like something bout to happen like its good my heart is just feeling something right lol
It's Official, Dr. Pepper is THE drink of all Champions. :D
My hair lady's going to kill me. I think I want my dark hair back lol
Celebrity sighting! I just crossed paths with Tim Gunn looking fabulous by Central Park & I'm dressed like an unemployed lesbian.
☼ It is better to know some of the questions than all of the answers. James Thurber
Many thanks for thinking of the book.
Wanting a margarita night..and instead I'm attending a musical. Not the way I want to spend my evening
You had me at the correct usage of 'you're.'
this is your daily dose of "I love you" smile pretty, doll!
is that the one I'm supposed to fall in love with?
There's so much I want to say ,I'm trying to hold my composer.
: "If you want an education mayor for San Diego it has to be Bob Filner."
: ”Excel is one of my best friends”
I'm going to bake a birthday cake for Roe v. Wade today (not joking)
Crack some of my ribs long story
how about some new music about justice for the working class? We would enjoy that!
"Stronger" by Kelly Clarkson might be the best produced Pop Song since the ABBA songs.
4 days later: foot still bruised from the woman on the Metro that stomped on me with her boot
How are you guys surviving without me! Wish I could have seen Kane's Superman goal.
#TruthTime I don't smoke weed anymore
just listening to music and promoting my band =]
9:30 at night on a Sunday is up too late?? ....I officially suck!!
Bravo: Formerly arts; Currently gay men helping ugly women marry gay men.
welcome, you have a very nice portfolio!
Richard Armitage reading an old school Georgette Heyer #romance, The Convenient Marriage, is my #fridayreads. Perfect.
": I wonder what goes through your mind when someone mentions my name to you."
People who are neat & well-groomed.
Thank you everyone for the good luck wishes!
@ congressional luncheon. Only one not wearing dark suit #standing out
#loveher #SCANDAL ahahaaaaaa! Yeah I just bet u do! Lol
that's funny..
"special teams ACE Jarrett Bush" #FreeComedyTuesday (via )
Exterminators of the Year 3000 was an amazing/awful movie. Thanks Mystic Crystal Revelations Movie Club, & Cafe Brasil
3 suicides in the last three days in towns neighboring mine serve as a strong & somber reminder of what an important issue this
I'm going to be 100% honest here... I used to not like You Twitterer's changed my mind, I like him now =P
An outstanding dog owner puts their dog’s needs ahead of their own
Down here for worship Im higher every day
heart broken so many times-I now have Man's mentality-hope God Can conquer this and make dreams my reality
Beginnings are wonderful. Enjoy.
How can I tell who's checking out my Facebook?? Is that even possible???
the bait just texted me <3
ahahaha. i didnt even read the comments but LAWL.
No. has a place where he is collecting and publishing analytics information about dh sites in Europe/elsewhere...
Your site gives this error: "504 Gateway Time-out" FYI
- lol. I wish.. I got the link..I'll send it to you in Facebook! lol... it's hilarious! Like a CIA threat or suppin!
hope to see you two there! :)
That awkward moment when dumb bitches should shut there mouths because there fucking crazy and they look like barbie dolls. Just saying.
u were missed tonight! Not one Ron Jeremy story...
This is just rediculously cool: www.wiki-os.org
it's beginning to get over rated though
"I haven’t consumed that many Absolute and Redbulls since I was in Las Vegas;) We had an amazing five days."
Can you use HootSuite with 2000?
Hope everyone has a packtacular day today
Am I the only person on the planet not watching the #Steelers game?
I miss our friendship. 💔
why don't women wear watches?
it's the Mexican mothers day today. You're right on time.
just downed a shot of rail bourbon.
I am SO EXCITED that our "Z" beer is Zephyr, a collaboration from and bit.ly/tltabv
he has done a terrible job of drafting position players
"If you know peace, then you thrive; if you know contentment, then you are rich."
“Don't wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect...
At the end of the day, i have no one to count on but myself
So I'm The Minority Now???
TOTALLY agree!
Shush it woman! >:o
Really about to cry.
Do you have a car yet?
Hope to see you tonight @ Reno's Chop Shop.
yes you are!!
Anyone can come steal me anytime Now!!!
Thanks 4 the follow.Have a nice weekend.
oh well u was rude this weekend so point being Oh OK
Thanks for da 411, will check it out, meantime Keep It MOVING & good luck
I wanna girl with FOODSTAMPS ,LOL
We will announce 3 winners for our pumpkin carving contest on Nov. 1. Each will recieve 5 #Free dozen doughnut coupons to use whenever!
How do we trust Pakistan? US Intelligence officials say house where bin-Laden was found custom-built to harbor a major "terrorist" figure.
We've got one last pair of tix to give away for the ANDREW W.K. show at this Friday!! Retweet to be entered to win!
Did not bring enough snacks today.
RT : Every child needs to begin to prepare for college starting at least by the age of 3 <<Yes- at least
Dense fog advisory in effect until 10am for PDX metro area. One crash already on Hwy 26 - east end of Gresham. Live coverage on Fox 12
Shuttle never!!!! Over this chatter..what wrong w/silence <Belinda Jackson>
According to His riches “And may my God supply all your want, according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus. “ Philippians 4.19
still can't believe they blew that smh
saving and using
Good day,good friends.
Thx 4 the RT!! I will return the love!
what healthy vegetarian options are people serving this Thanksgiving?
I'm trying to think of an album I heard long ago and still listen to: Abraxas? Tommy? I never listened to the Beatles till I was older.
Sitting in a SUPER exciting meeting about some big things we're working on for the site. Keep your eyes peeled!
Got some feedback from a customer! "All I can say is 'Wow'! You guys blew us away…far better sushi than we can get locally!" ~Christine P.
eat your fruits and veggies, drink your water, enjoy your proteins and limit your fats and sweets....key to healthy living
" We Ride Together , We Die Together . Bad Boyz For Life "
I'm relocating to your beautiful city. Im looking for a sales job in the Atlanta area~please email me @ . Thank you.
Seeing on instagram on the way to school, when 's in a hot country, and I'm in England with rain, sob..
Aw, thank you for following!
Proud to be a Muskie. That was a tough one
Idk, told me he's planning on getting
Wedding + Food + Over-Indulgence = Meat Sweats (feel free to add or subtract from this equation)
Every musician hits the point to where they wonder if pushing on will be beneficial to their future
Excuse me, excuse me -- I might drink a little more than I should tonight ... :)
haha well there will be more to help & however we managed to go from college to talking about raccoons is crazy hahah
Imma fuck something up this morning I swear.
Holy Shark bandanas!! :D
24 hours till the concert in cinci. Looking forward to seeing everyone too
No homework :D yaya.
Thanks for the follow!
I've decided I'm going to college out of state. I hate this weather.
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Mostly cloudy. Lows in the mid 60s. North winds around 5 mph.
I'm walking on sunshine.
oh barf.
We've been trained in the master class. It allows us to avoid stabbing others with a fork.
yo, you guys should really play a song sometime! (:
How the hell is that talent?
Monday! 2 more days to go!
DRAKE AND JOSH ON NETFLIX. My day has officially been made.
I'm using it for both right now
i love my boyfriend. he's great.
Getting so close to launching! Look for us mid-November. Details headed at you soon!
yes! I want one so bad
editing my twitter profile account because I am very bored
Havent been on here in forever..
A huge wave of pain swept through high school baseball today, No doubt,
I knw i can do this.. i feel it
4 Sky riders in the chase group
#SometimesIJustWant To talk to you, but I feel like i'm going to bother you..
I wish I'd turned out better. Instead of being the lazy turd that I am.
My ear hurt my tooth hurt I'm just in pain
To all my Twitter friends: Happy New Year!
So many depressing TT,
Via Amandakoster- you have powerful, meaningful content at your fingertips - what will you show & tell?
David Lee Roth during the first verse of Chinatown "I forgot the fucking words.Quickly to the chorus."
#fortgeorgebrewery guy at bar talking about end of the world. He's serious.
Double Greens? Could the Scotts be any lazier?
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME I'm not perfect, and I don’t live to be. But before you judge me, make sure your hands are clean.
I see the February ballers are out in full force #taxtime balling!
At this time of the night... creativity is open also... BELOW THE BRIM new drupal site coming soon!
RT : A "nonproductive" cough is defined as a cough that starts while using Facebook.
Wow Gregg that's awesome! Good for you buddy, I miss you!
That's the spirit!!!
lol at first I thought that said 'how' and I was like cmon 'Wo
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
trying to pound out this paper before I go to work this morning #libraryschool #NoRestForTheWicked half way there!
Just registered so I'll see you there. ": You should totally come to the tweetup with !"
not sure- think sociologists < convinced of "liberating" prom of tech?
RT : Why Women Are the Most Powerful Brand Ambassadors In the World: Brand managers and brand marketers need to reali......
ok.. looks like it's settled.. I'll be upgrading to the iPhone 4s on Verizon.. anyone want to buy an iPhone 4 on AT&T in a couple months? :)
good luck!
Hahahahahaha!!!! Jake, you crack me up :')
What normally is a 3.5 hr drive from Nashville to Atlanta has taken us 6 hrs so far. Not home yet!
having mixed emotions
RT : It's Official - Pro Bowl CB Darrelle Revis signs 4-year contract with Jets; deal reportedly worth $46M
I miss you more than words can say, the hurt just gets worse each day, I know your in a better place, but that doesn't take the pain away.
“Sometimes it’s easy to feel like you’re the only one in the world who’s struggling, who’s frustrated, or unsatisfied, or barely getting by
Follow my boss up & coming actor/singer Watch his new TV show airing next month!! Keep in touch! xx
Thanks for the shout out. I like the idea of kids sharing their sports experiences with their family members.
No problem. I think your instincts are right on with this one. *hugs*
Nice spending some time in miami with the grandma!
taylor gang or try to ride 2 skateboards at once
I wish! :( im not doing allstar this year thoughh
wishing that would dance we me. She would make me having feelings in places i havent had feelings in a while. down below.
I shall I shall.
are you able to breathe now? Austin's had quite a debut tonight, you must be proud!
to talk like a rational human being.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Twitter Online System
What a great football game we had on Friday. Excited to be celebrating SPIRIT WEEK. How are you showing your spirit?
Old school jlo >>>>>
Right you are, Ms. Martin! From the talk, to the awesome 70s previews, to the movie! Thanks, Richard!
Just participated in DC's action against wage theft. We called on the DC police to enforce theft of services law & arrest wage robbers....
Hi Kelly, can you follow me so I can DM you with some issues I have with Walmart? Thanks
2 wins in a row leta go!!!
Well, he is a heartless robber baron.
Slowly but surely mastering PMO by small, seemingly insignificant increments. Result: sustainable competitive advantage.
It's a hot one today
Oh. Well I'm still declaring you the hip fashionista.
sure, it was a "friend." i believe you.
Welcome back to school! Hope everyone has an awesome semester!!!
over/under on whether this happens or not: I'm sayin there's no chance that it won't haha
Ditto! RT : Okay, I think #BlairUnderwood's episode is my favorite of #WDYTYA so far.
Music. Makes me. High.
Hi Tera -- yes, our full album will be available on iTunes on 4/17 when it's released! Thanks for asking!
the sheer stupidity in some people these days just facinates me.
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust2534
sweet! hoping to have a flood of PHP h4x0r$ in tha house :)
Josh, thx for the note… much appreciated. have a great weekend.
I think I'll make this a #Drizzy day.
Currently in talks to be the Mark Ruffalo to 's Ed Norton. Stay tuned.
Hahaha i love how at first I was like aww! Then I started laughing when I read whoopie pies lol
Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed today.
I need to make $600 fast!
Big 10 is hot but why stop make a Big 20
Loving someone who doesn't love you back is like hugging a cactus. The tighter you hold on, the more it's going to hurt.
Don't miss your last chance to smack 'em around on the ping pong table today at the Coral Gables location.
what the hell is going on with facebook.
I spent Thanksgiving vacation watching the series. I think it was worth it. My husband would disagree.
um yes THANK YOU
I am so ready for #summer #bikinis #tans #swimming i could go on forever!! ...<3
RT : Love doesn't rush and happens in it's own time. Don't force it, just flow with it and express yourself.
I think Lou should bring back Dee and Penn to board room. Dee should go because of the negative stuff on the cube.
woohoo!! were going this week too! btw the candy has arrived
I'm so sick of you treating me like I'm your enemy
How are you Prozak?
Or, of course, if they talk about how they FOUND a new audience, we REALLY listen.
Slight chance for a few showers tomorrow, especially in the afternoon and north of Columbus. Better chance on Friday...
Watch out that no poisonous root of bitterness grows up to trouble you, corrupting many.Hebrews 12:15
Happiness is finding a couple, still delicious, forgotten chocolate truffles when I'm having a down day!
": y'all gonna release Dang Girl part 2?" Pretty please?? :D <3
oh my god peter tenkrat
lol! RT : Your level of ain't shit never ceases to amaze me... and yet I always get caught up in it.
Having a Iot of friends doesn't mean much to me. I would rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
I JUST WANT TO CHANGE MY PICTURE IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK Q_Q lol
DJTayJames you know the real deal about fox Tay he is one of the most intelligent people in our country but they hate on him daily
Chinese food>>
sounds good
Not sure I follow you. ALL I want to do is "manage content". #Drupal was represented to me as an easy way to do that.
what a fagical I mean magical experience !
Who needs dramatic eye make up when you can have snow on your eyelashes?
Seminar starting- how to promote cash donations in an emegency without alienating the public
Uh I'm all in
brewing more tea, fighting a cold and touring art galleries with Sister Wendy
thanks! Just a few more days. Now say it with me;)
Smh be quiet
Thank you! xo
Now that you are facing the dilemma of writing an essay, wouldn't it be so convenient if you could get all the help that you need?
-- do you have/know of any resources in D.C. for students who want to create a school-based Peer Jury?
They said its the 5th largest earthquake in world history! We need 2 continue praying 4 the millions effected!! Making me sad :-/
people ask the stupidist questions sometimes!
very large glass
Angels baseball is off and rolling, making plans to go to Anaheim. Can't wait to get back to the OC for some ballgames.
is my future wife
My car is ready...
what's your number? Me no have it ):
Ugh heading to work
#Teanfollowback follow me :)
Santa's are parents real talk.
Visit or updated INTERNATIONAL JOB BOARD. Free for all applicants, no registration! Hundreds of companies hiring! www.joborworker.com
please say you didn't just refer to UK as cards.
They're lame. Gopher fans love you. :) RT : “ I hope you blow your ACL” smh
Welcome to Signing Day! Go Dawgs! RT : Josh Harvey-Clemons coming to UGA !!!
Happy Friday my friend. I luv your youtube page! You are more than special. Stand tall.
Jury reaches verdict in trial of man charged with murdering Jennifer Hudson's family members. AP
I can not wait to get this Tylonel Cold and Sinus in my life... Yes!
Where are you? We offer Hallmark Help services!
Crosby one more season left on contract. Goal of offseason - GIVE HIM THE EXTENSION HE DESERVES
Traffic is horrible this morning
Excited to watch Wozniacki vs Williams - Go !!!!!
i'm a slut no matter my hair color so i wanna know - who has more fun? blondes, brunettes, redheads? which ones are the real dirty girls?
home alone and goin to a party later i just woke up lol!!!!! txt me
Nice to meet you too. Congrats to you and Zach on a fun project!
Is there a #Linux cmd to get the L1, L2 #cache size, number of virtual #cores, and the level of #SSE support of a #CPU? Not in /proc/cpuinfo
im just messing wit u..
it's about time! Work has been considerably less amusing this week.
Indy Savings! Stop by The Children's Museum of Indianapolis from now until close to receive a special $19 matinee ticket!
stalking is my favorite past time
What a game - huge win for my guys. The #Bengals are gonna be a factor in the AFC North for years with Dalton. The #Niners loom.
Just finished the 8th and final book of The Dandelions Series a few days ago. Woo hoo! Still more editing to do though!
I died... you missed it. Lolz jk, I've been at school and working yo. Where have YOU been?
lol good work. C u soon! I'm def coming to party on Halloween!! xo
And will always be so proud that you gave me my first-ever blurb!! :) Hope to see you soon!!
"The number one reason most people don't get what they want is that they don't know what they want".
Yeah yeah I am the nerd watching the Lord of the rings marathon on encore .. super duper excited about upcoming Hobbit movies too :p
“I have a different vision of leadership. A leadership is someone who brings people together.”
hell no!
L.A>Flow!
#YouKnowYoBitchBig When she gotta live 3 days at a time!!!
Get ready CrossFitters! RT : Heard is stopping by this week!!!
I'm soo happy!!
On my way to UMBC's Scholar Selection Day to conduct interviews!
The Big Bang Theory gets on my nerves. I'm more of a It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia or How I Met Your Mother type of guy.
We will!
Yep...that sounds about right when talking Big 12 football. Snooze-fest!
it's in the couch, for sure.
"She reads romance novels, she doesn't even read read."
While I enjoyed shaq's non slurry annunciation in the new buick commercial, I can't believe that a man who owns a hummer cares about MPGs.
"We want Steve" chants erupting in USAC.
yeah, and now and you and can talk all the time!
Thanks for following !!!
I might try FB Messenger if I thought they could make a decent app. They cannot.
That will change once Impractical Jokers comes out ZING haha
YES YES YES!!! Just what I have been waiting 4 frontend acess. WHAT!!!! & for JomSocial two!! So Awesome! Now time to buy!!
bike theft sucks. I just started buying used crappy bikes. Don't even have to lock them. And when they break, you can toss em
Thanks for the RT
Shizz. I'm down!
I can only sugarcoat pain with humor for so long before it rusts out and I fall apart.
What a relief when it's someone else's error - and it can be fixed! Yay!
Stoked to shop for exotic weapons with
oh yeah. im your twitter commentator :p
congrats Liz, you just locked up the "most obvious sexual joke set-up walked into" award for 2012!
Come on Michael, don't feed the trolls. Let's just celebrate the brilliance of Mo's career.
I want to passionately make love to a woman then start to cry, then the woman would look me in the eyes and say, “sugar, tears cost extra.”
And that just ruined it ha...
Henri Poincare~ Thought is only a flash between two long nights but this flash is everything.
What a rewarding morning of work!
No problem and thanks to you too!
Dude, you're so0o0o lucky you said no homo, I was about to drop so many fag bombs on ya bro.
A SWING AND A MISS...... BALL GAME AT THE CORNER OF CARNEGIE AND ONTARIO !!
Obama approved of the microchip for 2013 oh man....
Our favorite look so far. Stunning dress! RT And the cape comes off. Gwyneth's body/beauty look is major.
haha me and Randall passed her on the way out
I tweeted myself -__-
An amazing showdown on WWE: Smackdown is taking place tonight in Indianapolis. Call us now for the event tickets: 888-493-0004
Heading out to Minneapolis for the Best Buy Classic Tourney
im bby sitting rite now so i can make da extra money cuz i need it... : )
Flying with mom, and a roadtrip. Won't be stressful, not at all.
Can't get my head out of the clouds today <3
So he probably likes you
wow, that is bad. I was expecting a parallel shot not a straight in. Pathetic.
Those good ol high school days :)
another long night cuz im far from sleepy
oh god, i know the feeling.
A man who is afraid to try, is a a man who is afraid to lose
we will be checking that out.
hey white power clay.... Figured your aryan nation facebook group would prevent u from having love for Seau, my bad...
I wish you had your phone cause I really wanna talk to you! :/
I know. I drive one lol
Thx "Goal: My students will write & read 4 times more than I can physically assess." Learning is not about points in gradebook.
#Masters Golf - Who cares about Tiger Woods? Kick Clubs. Fine him. Stop paying his fees! Always been a bad sport. KARMA KARMA KARMA KARMA
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you ♥ u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday.-
I want to be paid for acting
So good to be at #health2stat with all the usual suspects.
So do I...which is why I almost never buy them! Why? For me, 1 #Pringles can = 1 #serving size. :-)
Is there anyone on Twitter - nay, the Internet - who pats themselves on the back more than ?
Great job on !
The blind side<3333
Marcus be hatin.
Stop f#$%ing tweeting the picks before ESPN. Good gawd!!!!
Not sold on West Coast for 2012..even Stanford is uncertain on mound and defensively
Yes, Pujols turned his back on us. Any struggles are magnified because of HIS decision. He had it easy in STL and was king.
just text me :)
Ready to take a walk down Market St. to the Verizon Store. Helping an elderly guy get a new phone.The HavenU320 is good for granny or granpa
It's a 24-second Feed Me, Seymour! tweet cycle in a 24/7 conversation about brands, companies and products
Ahh your twitcon is so pretty!
Why didn't u get married? Wasnt that the point of the show?
When someone gives u advice. Maybe u should pull your head out of your ass & listen. Not just pretend to hear. Only then can you change!
Looking forward to your workshop tomorrow! Hope my brain doesn't explode from too much good info.
Take my love, take my land, take me where I cannot stand, I don’t care, I’m still free, you can’t take the sky from me.]
I agree..I have been voting nonstop as well!
How do you make a blonde's eyes sparkle? Shine a torch into her ear...
At Columbia event Tues, Pam Samuelson had opposite reaction I did to #Golan oral args. After reading transcript, I'm pessimistic; she's not.
Hello new followers!
Let's do this.
one simple question is that a guy or a girl??
just the way you are (":
Im not really into golf but did you see that a-hole shoot a double eagle at the masters this weekend?
Nice race with some drama at the end. I'll have another!
Hmm...moveable monuments...Wall Drug on wheels is probably out of the question.
Who said MySpace was dead... O_o
Bedtime stories! 's biography is so good! Read it!
Shitt definitely did not get all my homework done.
You seem to have an inability to think sometime. An attention whore maybe??
oh yes! Keep in touch! #please 
Here come another 20 examples of the #Psyop you all suffer every day
I'll be 30 in July. Pretending that it's not happening sounds like a good idea to me too.
I mean - it's a little early to be giving her retro chic props, or some kind of vintage pedigree. Maybe in another 10-15yrs.
This lightning is actually pretty peaceful...
i guess i'm doing this whole writing thing wrong
punks too
GO FOLLOW AND ME PLISSS!! !
RT : If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur
Up & running - the LATE NIGHT SHOW! Thanks to the cast and crew for adding a show for this sold out run of FIRST DATE!
RT : Gus, "I want a magic wand for my birthday" Me, "ok" Gus, "a real one- so I can turn you into a buffalo"
Watching anything that starts with "G" & ends with "lee!"
That wine blows. Sorry. No can do.
the boys should be coming to america soon because tour starts next tuesday the 22nd! (: (: (:
WHAT IS ? xD
haha...I'm just RTing all over and not realizing what I'm doing ....LOL
i thought it was!
#ICantStandPeople who don't take showers every day, we can smell you ...You stinky muthafucka
RT : Passed 900 on the way to 1000 dwnlds current interview w/ on most listened to ep so far http:
thanks. was just telling my wife what an encouraging conversation we had last night. All the best.
same to you. Let's go red devils!
RT : Weird headline that was perhaps inevitable: "NBA Suspends World Peace."
Why am I up...and why am I on Twitter??? GN. LOL
Watching Godzilla c:
there is something drastically wrong with our political system when all it comes down to is money!!!
sometimes they tell you what you want to hear, not what's real.
Will you be coming to NC?
Amazon bribes Prime members to accept slower delivery option "No Rush Delivery" with $1 in MP3 credits. Smart.
A mother will do anything for the love of her children just to see my babies smile makes my day complete
Bravo! -> #love user tagging - can you automatically tag all of the users in the same org given a list of domain/org pairs?
20factsaboutme 3) My fingernails are painted a different color everyday! :)
when!? I need to see you!!
Thanks - I need that pep talk at this very moment. You are correct!
the way Donovan whirls this offense now in the postseason, Gators gonna be a very tough out. arent peeps chirpin about this offense?
I get tired of college football game television directors who keep missing plays because of replays or crowd shots...timing is everything
Beyond depressing. Heart wrenching. Do not watch unless you're emotionally in the right mindset. But DO watch.
Fox News: bin Laden savagely murdered without trial by Obama.
That school day after a sick day when you think you're going to die
JockTalk is jumping on the bandwagon. already does this for 1K celebs, including top athletes.
seriously?????????? That's how you ask a famous person to chill with you? Lmmfao
To correct, no Mariner has been "in the game" so far this season. RT Tom Wilhelmsen now in the game for
Patron comment card from last night: "I love everything about this play." So do we! Happy Opening to The Pitmen Painters!
Thank you for taking the time to talk with my team tonight. Looking forward to 2010.
Lazy Sunday with the kitty. Maybe I should go to church or something...
good morning and have a great day at work.
My team and I are gearing up for the Hall of Honor event tonight at the Four Seasons, looking forward to it!
your soo sexy!!
Looking fresh. Out of the meat locker.
I love cuddling (:
I could..... Lazy me
Join us tonight for #DragQueen #Bingo at 5 p.m. in the ballroom! All proceeds benefit DFD p:ear, sistah!
takin' it easy, in the big easy..
Goodman tweet was tying a professional business man with a amateur athlete, that's my problem with it.
Was that a 92 mph change-up?
Team Summit Colorado Snowboard Team in Vermont at the Burton open! Colorado comes to Vermont!
I'm thinkin' My Chemical Romance probably! Yours?
you wouldn't even know about that if it wasn't for me so Haha your beat
Fear will end when I start taking good enough care of myself to know that I'm trustworthy.
How's it going out there?
Who's going to #HH? Can't wait to get out & grab a drink! Best part? It's a $1 #Bartab drink! Who wants one? DM your email & I got you!
Im not human I kno I'm an alien
Justin Bieber! #SomeoneIWantToMeet ♥
MAN ITS HOT AF
TD Jakes is talking about the combination of Passion and Purpose. They are married America!
Mom's gonna look at the tickets Friday(: I hope she says I can go, I have to see my love <3
I see you blastin that
Be sure to listen to our #podcast live on #blogtalkradio at 3:30pm tomorrow 6/15 and check out our blog at www.weeklylineup.blogspot.com
bright and early in the mo-o-rnin'...
whoops! Wrong account. What Shindig said ;)
Woody Paige is seriously pissing me off. I'm about to challenge him to the octagon.
Just saw At the River I Stand last Sun night. EVERYONE needs to see it.
Leave the cleaning to us. Are you cleaning right now? Retweet this message if you are!
Guys!!!! What's yall perfect night out with a female???
Saving face must c this!
minus the news story, the photo plus the comments is almost funny. like everyone's feeling sorry for them sitting there being them.
Very cool. Is yall's blog public?
I'm so fucking lost. I hate this feeling.
The person you are thinking of is also thinking of you
u live following and unfollowing me
You've just bought the perfect laptop, now get the perfect Wireless Internet to go with it - CLEAR Internet, only $30 a month & NO CONTRACTS
Right, you said it was because he was a soccer fan. How is that any better? Violence should never be an option.
Everyone trying to be a hardass stoner tomorrow, just remember: you won't get high your first time.
Peg's dress with the red? Yes.
i'm barefoot right now neener neener
The forecast at the Conservatory is a solid 70° all weekend. Just sayin
bout to head the mall
you're mean
prob won't work w/ your schedule, but if you can get to BGSU check out campus pollyeyes, amazing stuffed breadsticks
Green your next glass of wine by choosing local & organic wines which uses fewer chemicals than mainstream wines and preserve the...
thanks Rob, appreciate the plug :)
hahahaha!! oh! good point!
Ojj my legs.
Set your watches, smartphones, or whatever you've got for Monday at noon. Major announcement(s) will be posted!
don't worry disappointed in the not
playing the Black cab this weekend? I bet it sounds awesome!
Stay warm and safe at Warwick Seattle Hotel tonight. Call us and use the rate code SNOW for 25% off our best available rate and $10 parking!
umm not really sorry.. How do I know you? It's been a while
How can I get a booking for u ?
Call me "Matty O'Lehrman" - I've got your arts & culture fun today on Ch 3's Good Morning AZ at 9:12am.
Whatever happened to Black Arthur Blythe?
trying to actually finish things today so I don't have a big list of half-way done things...here I go!!
Lovin the costumes or MadMen tribute on today. Can't decide if I like Woody Paige or Bob Ryan more.
Proud to be your first follower! “: Yo, it's ! Tweetin' it up w/ my new handle”
Mass Effect 2 has several, I think. The conflict between Shepard and the human advocacy group Cerberus is fascinating.
Love that title, Dawn!
no trivia win ystrday (we don't risk points on Qs we don't know during playoffs) but I did break even w/ risky $5 sidebets = halfwin?
Don't forget! Tonight is the Pitt Greeks Happy Hour at the Hofbrauhaus in Southside Works. Bring your friends!
Hope you wake up early in the morning and make your way to a worship service. Be blessed!
I know, can you believe it?!
Attempting to connect Twitter to facebook and myspace turned out to be more work then I thought
Bicycling to work makes the whole day better
Last day of summer vaca before I start my new job tomorrow!
March Madness is great---love the fact that two Colorado teams are in! It will make it more fun to cover go
i have been told this numerous times...i always take as a compliment “: An #Aquarius girl has a very boyish side!”
SEND THAT!
hello twitter people!! what a lovley friday its turned out 2 be!!!.
hmm, perhaps. But I still hate salad
yes you are duly credited! bravoe!
College Road is now open
the internet is a dangerous place for medical procedure research.
sweet tea and pecan pie
yes... without loyalty none of the other stuff really matters
watching tv
what day is your bag packing campaign?
Story of my summer. Netflix didn't have HIMYM streaming, so I got them by mail. Would watch an entire disc in one day
#wwhl Harold is awesome! Uchiko is the best of the Top Chef restaurant I have eaten at out of the 15 I have been to.
Read e-mail.
It was great! Cant wait until the next time!
Ever wonder about how responsive the search engines are these days? They are on par with everything in their contexts. I don't have that.
hahaha, that's really funny, are the retirees on the list?
If u have to lie to someone, u don't deserve them in your life
diggy is fine.!
#Ravens ranked No. 9 in #ESPN Preseason Power Rankings
It's Happy Hour time Portland!!!
It's only happened once this pregnancy by a child who was sure, SURE that it was a ball. :)
#WhyFolksTweakin About snow...in Chicago...In JANUARY!!! Really, get your life together LOL
With President Obama endorsing same-sex marriage earlier this week, I hope every #LGBT person and our allies vote to re-elect him.
#LocalRapperQuotes "Check all the features I got on my album!!!!" You forgot to mention that you, by yourself SUCK
Draft day! Draft beer! Food specials! Come down and watch the nfl draft live! Hoops,hockey and baseball too
Go Rebels !! Come on down to the Riv poker room and help cheer on the Runnin' Rebels
At #did11 we're getting a live demonstration of a breakfast experiment from Language Logger Mark Liberman.
#PlanOfTheNight , Make The Bro Laugh Till He Pisses His Pants lol
Friday (8/19) is World Humanitarian Day...what will you be doing to help people??
Two things I hate strobe lights and horror movies
Nice story on the local wrestling scene. I wrote a cover story on those guys a few years back for Insider. Had them body slam me. bad idea.
Right-handed people live an average of 9 more years than left-handed people.
My thought exactly
Desperately trying to find motivation to study
What did YOU pack for lunch today? We're serving up the best Texas Cheese Steak Sandwiches here at Minnie's !!
“: A 8-year old boy named #RyanKennedy is in the final stage of brain cancer. His simple wish..to "trend" worldwide. RT to help!”
Great tweets!
Second full day of soggy paradise. Looks like we may never have a nice day on this vacation. Oh well, at least there are umbrella drinks...
I was going to Venus before it got hot. Now the atmosphere is just crushing.
And also, "IndoctriNation" just went live on RBN and the early feedback is that the drums are retarded!
Being called fat by your family hurts the worst.
We're planning a trip for the soul!! Soul Trip to NY to see the sites, eat kosher food and shop!! Join us!
Bar specials every Wednesday thru Saturday 4pm-Close.... 25% off all wines and $5 Appetizers....stop by and enjoy our great specials tonite
Jimmy you look different in that pic
So if we ever whoopty whoop, I want all the beepty beep.
hey you. Have you picked up on "Make You Proud" by ? If so, can you play that next?
very true huh!! I don't like thin phones especially paper thin one fall and that thing is history.. But I love my iPhone
Leaving free girl scout cookies around the office is so evil
#TapeMusicFestival composer Emilie Payeur made a soundscape that evoked a dark Shirley Jackson tale
Ah my brother's flight ended up cancelled too. Hf in Shanghai, eventually
i was being sarcastic lol she would never
Gavin Watt, SPH information technology supervisor, is named a 2012 #UMN President's Award for Outstanding Service!
jus hit 4000 followers on Twitter. Thnks for the support
I didnt see you today! Tomorrow?! Cc
OMG!! Bob Knight on ESPN. Makes me SICK!
one night stand...definitely or never
Can't read my, can't my, no we can read our mind. Poker face....
RT : just said meaningful reform can't happen with engaging teachers.
pay with a credit card.
Thanks everyone for the great discussion!
In 36 minutes, J.R. Smith had one fewer turnover than he did assists, steals, rebounds, and field goals made...combined.
Sad but SOO True
excuse me betch** is my friendly way of saying bitch (:
John, cant wait until Nov mtg! : Hire for attitude, train for skills, you can't teach honesty, hire slow, fire fast.
The Outfits Cee lo Green be wearing. Lmfao. Im cracking up off this performance. Short fatt Chubs! Lol.
thank you for that.
We know u had slow losses @ the end of last week so we want to check-in to see how ur #weightloss was this weekend???
Say it with your chest lil nigga!! (Kevin Hart)
Just found out about Chaos in Tejas. Pity that it comes at the worst time. FUCK.
I'm sorry, I didn't know that you had a hot sandwich.
Im so confused righr now.. Lmao
Family psycho-therapist David Peters discusses the film and the consequences of bullying.
I'm predicting double ot
thank you! will surely post to our blog.
Go Tennessee Titans
Where are you in Austin?!
Just at Amir Khan's / Freddie Roach's media sparring session before the big fight.Looking in good form.
I so badly want to be Donald Trump Celeb Apprentice--Too bad Im not a Celeb not yet ;)
spurs 15 wins in a row. OKC has not tdone that. better THUNDER UP! way up!
Yay! Good job!
Now he looks like a good time! Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!
AH-MAZING. I swear, some of my favorite BSB songs are the ones where Kevin has a solo!
it was great
wishing that my Blackberry 8830 we WAS compatible with Macromedia Flash Player
yep! I gotta listening party to goto then i'm back in the stu!
I gotta be careful with the touchscreen on my phone. I keep 'liking' strangers comments on Facebook. They're probably like, "Who the f*ck?"
There are no words that can even describe it. It's so nasty out it's seriously giving me a headache. Ugh, where's the nice spring weather?
How many games do they have left, & what's the point margin for promotion? I'm excited I might get to care about EPL again..
*hugs* it was rough for me to :-(
Perhaps I should point out your transgression after being released. What say you? *Recalls my excellent knots*
Heterostructures make better solar cells Combing different nanocrystals and capping ligands could increase photovoltaic efficiency
have the grandest birthay ever is grandest even a wordd oh well love you Have a great time with your family/friends
No more "Still early in the season" excuses for Bell. He is a shit sandwich in a baseball jersey.
A date... I've heard of it... Its what some people do before sex right?
So ready for Hilton Head Island, but sadly it won't happen for another 23 days. Yes, I'm counting :)
Yippee! It's been a while but I'm at
Fuck yea titans lost ha ha ha
Unless there's free pizza involved...right DFinch?
Glen Dale RT : About to find out the sex of Baby Blogle 2.0. You will know when I'm allowed to tell you. Guesses? Names?
I participated in a teleclass today on blogging, hosted by Starr Hall. It was fabulous. I am still a bit overwhelmed. I recommend her ...
It should be friday
Jessica Sanchez is in it to win it! Who0o0o!
Thank you, Colonel!
What have we learned about people? Who they are is who they are. No matter what we want.
#confusing. But seriously there needs to be a higher turnover ratio in every seat AND salaries should be donated to a charity.
We hope Stagewest's production of In the Next Room has a wonderful opening night tomorrow!
As my #Kickstarter Campaign is running on US time, I am also, from across the world. It's like reverse jet lag.
"Beauty isn't from a pretty face, but from a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul <3"
apparently so.
MY MIND.
so i heard the boys have a twitter where they pretend to be fans??
Virtual Worlds and museums - maintaining reputation and authority in field is important!
Great talk, but I didn't think I'd hear talking about blogging in his underwear.
thanks to our #2 fan christopher edwards for giving it his all at the slowdown last night
ARRA $ are locked in limbo between the Feds and the State. No way to use our grant money to get what we need before school is in session. :(
Watching #Tigers game is now considered punishment in the state of Michigan
I'm dying for #innout right now. Lunch break from work? Okay, fine.
IMAX tickets for midnight showings are already sold out :( we're now hoping they open more screens or get to a normal one.
pay half of it in taxes! Then, try to take over the world...
As soon as its straightened lol
thanks, love being able to walk to/from work.
no one will see it coming ;)
you are my life inspiration.
The surprising truth about what motivates us. bit.ly/9Viz0V
Hey everyone follow
You got the *ishh that somebody would look for but won't find .
challenge accepted.
We use #333 for DU and I agree... I'm ok with slightly lighter depending, but some sites have gone overboard with it.
also clearly still doesn't understand how BC works or that it is sometimes a purely medical need which was Fluke's original point
also the "safety" crew taps you on the shoulder when you take a photo... So...no pictures
You keep it copacetic And you learn to accept it You know it's so pathetic-Local H, Bound For The Floor
im from the ville where they bang fo the money and carry fo fives like change fo a twenty.
Thanks because you rule, birthday girl! RT : Aww man-- everybody rules!!
Eating at IHOP!
Taking a #Smallbiz class through #sfmade !
OMG!! Penner has a pulse!
Bring your business cards -> is doing a biz card raffle for tickets to “A Christmas Story” at the Paramount!
Even when you think you have no more to give. When a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help!
still find it hard to make a point in 140 characters or less.
nice work ms roth
Pulling up to Buchanas.
Spending this week with my family
really? Cool :)
you have to check out today's post - my friends!!!
Would you 'LIKE' on #fb or 'FOLLOW' your favorite #bar, #restaurant, #cafe or other #smallbusiness to get their Free Wifi password?
Santos is picking up intensity !!!
www.theouterspacemen.com We just finished up 5 more pages to the sequel. If you have not read the first book go get it now. A must read
We are now reviewing application #130144 - Jasmine Begeske.
Oh! So are you moving to Portland? Lol sorry i don't know much about this stuff.
Never would I got throw the same shit twice
Pleasure all mine! Good luck with your little rockers!
eek the smoke shop up the road is getting REALLY sketchy... not shopping there anymore!
I'm done tho I ain't even mad...(:
I was thinking something very acidic to mute the salt, for starters. This'll probably involve several elements to achieve balance
will you fly us out too?
At a conference on digital books, and panelists keep mentioning how much they love physical books.
Omg the teacher played one direction in English. What is the world coming to?!
Checking out the event at for #mcbw. Let's see how it goes...
his dad was just sittin in their garage n dave walks in with a nice shlong on his face
Not that I a nay sayer, but for collective knowledge's sake - give me three reasons why an iPad would be better?
Cant Wait For 2morrow the new VAMPIRE DIARIES SO EXCITED
you are an awesome Mom!
You should probably go buy a television.
I'm intrigued...sounds neat/helpful (except for the 7am part). Where could I get more info?
Are there such things as Zombie Llamas? Bec. holy crap...
. Thanks for the follow. What a cool concept you have!
Thanks for the shout out. We think we're pretty cool too!
Happy Monday everyone! Don't forget about chapter tonight at 7. Have a blessed day!!
Screen Printers seem to be doing pretty well right now!
Thanks! I'm loving my new car !
just installed a fan and wish I had this. Gonna consult you prior to all purchases from now on.
Just got word that ticket outlet the #Beerbox @ Grant & Academy has ONLY 79 tickets left for the show 4/28 - 215-673-7837
o, missed handshake
Joe Suarez of tells students about ua brand strategy. Ironically just signed temple university athletics ( students)
Me neither! My mom said "It's not the money. Even if we had all the money in the world I still wouldn't get you an iPhone."
Did anyone who went to high school with happen to vote him "most likely to not text back when asked a question"? Haha.
Do people naturally gravitate toward you?
ok well i have added you
Getting a team together!
Just got comfortable and now I gotta freakin' pee!
awh :( I'm sorry! what's happened today? you know always got your good ole friend Rikki to talk to!
Ballgame. Can't wait for tomorrow.
hahaha nice! But now I won't dare go to Mexico!
:o RT : I should rape a lesbian... it would be funny.
Thinking of the Captain this father's day weekend...he is one missed and loved man. Happy Father's Day dads!
Please take pictures
RICH FOREVER.
I chopped off all my hair. At Dupont celebrating.
told by are leader we are going to do the same song that I aM Me & ICONic Boyz dance to! Cant wait:) "dance but i can dance on yay!" lol!
I WANT TO SEE AGAIN! HOOT FEST, HURRY UP
Busy, Busy day here in the DanceFit office! We're looking forward to a long but fabulous week!!
I LOVE THIS SONG
according to one source is an idiot. another one of my sources says "he will be fired but nothing is imminent"
phone fail.
All fantasy baseball leaguers: Brew is on twitter
This relationship isnt gonna get enjoyable with all these restrictions I can't even have any fun 
haha yup ..thats great! i ordered px90, i gotta decide when imma dedicate my workout time to it &get at it.
Melinda zeider, curator #SItweetup living my childhood dream job.
Slow-roasted orange pork with gremolata and broccoli slice Bay View! Get some while it lasts!
Great intvw tonight w/ , a tru remixer of music and homes. Check his hit show out Sundays
Long live the walls we crashed through, I had the time of my life with you.
I'm seriously slapping my face because of how sexy my last picture is o m g
Ouch RT : ABQ coffee tries to charge me $7 for red eye. Explanation: "It's Intelligentsia. That's what they charge in SF." LOL
So, #OLA media is having an internal debate over how they can best individually profit from selling riot porn? And most are in favor?
Curious to see what you think of that. Just finished it not too long ago.
“: Wtf BK has smoothies and Frappés now?! #IWant” & sundaes with hot brownies on top. Yurm 😍
hearing about the credit card scares... could be real bad... :( cyber security has warned about this for years...
: I'm coming I'm coming I'm running as fat as I can.
Seeking to connect with Development/Fundraising Professionals-current openings in Seattle!
RT : I can't imagine saying "I'm bad at reading" yet we accept saying "I'm bad at math"
back at ya! enjoy the rest of your week/weekend.
Great. Love all of you. Yes, the writers too (especially the writers). Would hate to say goodbye...
um url please omg
The past comes with us like a chaperone, standing between us and the newness of the present. -- Jeanette Winterson
that's da same thing I'm screaming
Just because it's gluten free doesn't mean that the food is low carb.
Slept from when I got home til now.. cool
What is good with tonight
in my book he is coach of the century!!!!!
Volunteers don't get paid, not because they're worthless, but because they're priceless. Sherry Anderson
shy about telling that you need help remember what I always say "Don't worry so much about today because I know that tomorrow
I'm not the one making absolute statements, comrade.
It's funny how you could talk down to me like that, but then when I do it to you, it's suddenly wrong.
Support www.RunToStopDiabetes.com
am I on this??
Dude, it had been a couple of years...ha!
It has been 1 YEAR since i fell in love with <21
For flip cameras use Compressor (part of Final Cut Studio), Adobe Encoder and Quick Time to export into different formats.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!""""
That's hilarious. They must really be making a weekend of it since they were doing all yesterday afternoon too.
“: My cat raps. His name? Wiska lifa.”
hahah omg my friend embarrassed me in the mall... awkward situation..
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. you just made my NIGHT. omg , I frikin love you :)
The ball is tipped. Go #Marquette. Play like Warriors.
I agree with you on this one. Sorry
it's a way of life, go find so folk and then follow them. Talk shit and reply to people talkin shit ya hea?
If I'm VT, I take a hard look at him. Coached under Dean w/Roy at UNC. DIII titles. HS experience at Episcopal in NoVa.
Loving the Christmas music!!
What's the best breakfast?
Does anyone know what "Scheduler Error" is on #Tweetdeck? I need help! thanks!
You will be missed.... remind yo frenz!
You know, that's the best thing I've seen on twitter all day!
you can use a or an trust me. I had an hour lecture on this yesterday lol
just had a drink and dinner in Lubbock. woo hoo
but you're beautiful
Thanks man! your youtube videos have been very inspirational !
Dark Chocolate covered raisins are nutritious & healthy, right?
i hate you for making me see that -_- lol
Haha you all south of Lubbock are not worth breaking into Desperate Housewives. #ronroberts admits he is a fan!
thank you
If flirting was all it took to get a job, honey, I'd be golden!
lol thats true though. I agree.
RT : anyone done a post mortem analysis on the death of the rt? Nice #RT technique ! ;)
do u get the veggie sausage? (is that even a possibility?)
Lol ok I'm done. Omg yay its Friday
When my brothers friends are SO weird????????
Thanks for following!!
*cleans up more*
Lovely Friday. I could go for kicking back and enoying some New Glarus Spotted Cow.
