hey what's going on? I tried to call you
I am ready LOL
Painted my nails. Feel like an entirely different person.
Finally found a place that delivers past 10pm! Aside from Alexa, that is the one thing I miss from New York. Yay Florencia's! =)))
What is the most random act of generosity you witnessed today?
Shooting Easter cooking vids w
gurl me too busy
yes can't wait to get my permit!
I must admit, this I Am T-Pain app has got me addicted.
My nephew Sebastian is singing Rack City by , look what you're doing lol! He's 4!
thanks Michael. Appreciate that.
Happy Monday #Kizombalovers!! Have a wonderful week!!!
Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
Turkey Tacos, Bill Frisell, and writing some new music. This is my Friday night.
all links were automatically open
Let's turn this party up to 7. We'd go higher, but it IS only Tuesday.
Calamari at Sullivan's.
My first book just came out and I'm trying to spread the word. It'd be awesome if you'd check it out.
do you get that he means that or is just saying it for H-Rod's mentality?
omg.. You just gotta love wooden floors! I slide on ours all the time & I get crazy looks from my family. Haha
check out my recipes blog salsa-in-mykitchen.com
Great draft for the #Colts. Fleener is a stud.
Thursday is SPECIAL at Acme! Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! We will fill you up! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
Thanks to all of our fans who came out to support us this Sunday! Despite the loss (157 to 60) to London, we hope you had a great time.
President of WFL-CIO Phil Neuenfeldt speaking to crowd in Madison
Thanks so much for your support!!!
haha I think I had 2 ones in my pocket I should have gave them to her lol. Hahaha
snowing again! It is beautiful though.loving organogold green tea. It hhas 105 antioxidants!keeps the doctor away. Have some!
MURFC welcomes the reopening of Norris Field as they practice at 7p.m. this evening. Seeya tomorrow, King Field.
Thanks to all who attended our "Survivor's Raffle" on Sunday. We had around 250 attendees and gave away 100 prize packages! Fun was had!
hahaha so what's the song recommendation m
Doesn't come without it's share of stress, but I'm sure having fun. Can't complain! I see from your profile books are your life too
My pleasure! beautiful, beautiful, beautiful profile picture!!!!!
not saying either fit the bill, but need to spend to appease the masses
If you are looking to buy or sell your home contact us to learn how our current market will effect you. www.TheOertelGroup.com
They are the only things keeping me here right now
mikey has defined cheekbones. As weird as that sounds. LOL
Like the Cleveland Museum of Art idea of sharing- can be with ppl in group, w/ museum, w/ others using the app later.
yeah how long has it been since y'all have been talking?
Congrats to the #Kings on sweeping the #Blues. This team looks unstoppable
Dont be hating, #Avengers is going to rock it. The joke is going to be on you when it's crosses
Yeah no problem! :)
RT : All star night at 's open mic: Tony Nickolas, Adryelle, ilyAIMY, Charm City Social Club, the Great Outdoor Fight... Wow!
just had a listen to the podcast. I'm glad you enjoyed the panel, sorry about the teen wolfers.
I can't live my life always backing down.
Thalassophobia: an intense and persistent fear of the sea. It's so vast and dark and overwhelming!
I really need a good blog or article page to look up events for vegas cuz im missing out on alot of stuff. I didnt even know Harlem was here
Panic on this coke commercial!
Cant wait to go shooting in april
Hey where did you get an Android from?
is feeling much better now, thank you! :>)
Why the hell am I watching Cheech and Chong's Next Movie? I can't muster up the strength to change the channel...
Are you waiting for Patio weather at Label 7? Open for lunch from 11:30-2:00 Tues-Sat!
I guess A&M will just have to organize one, then! :)
If my mom ever heard the music i'm listening to right now..
'm 10h year at the Isotopes Ball Park! Come get your art on opening day April 13th. Booking for private parties available ever ...
Uggla is money! Thank you.
what's your favorite TSP song? c:
You know you a Ray Lewis & Ed Reed Fan son!!! LoL
And why is he looking back??
Happy birthaday >>>>>>>>>>>>>> HAVE SWEET DAYS IN FRONT OF U LOL
I..um...I just ate a sea cucumber.
is packing for NYC!
Thanks for sharing! Happy Chinese New Year!
I would also be satisfied with deliveries of cheese.
Cabo San Lucas All Inclusive $599 for the week at major Resort! Based on Dbl Occupancy. Call Toll-Free 888.384.4888
I hate putting clean clothes away
I've got my editor working on it--will send when ready. Thanks for participating in Touring Ohio!
CBS 58 has team coverage this morning, from the exclusive iCam and in Wauwatosa and west of Milwaukee
Thanks for the RT!
Doug Larson Success is 10% inspiration, 90% last-minute changes.
If you really love her you'll let her go instead of leaving her heartbroken...leave some love for a real man too sweep her off her feet
>>>> ok >> send yo email again
Back to #ArgoTea!
I just hung up on Michael because "God must have spent a little more time on you" came on the radio.
Streaming Live Tonight @ The Mezzanine In San Francisco CA, Lots Of Bands And Some Amazing Music Login www.iBand.me show starts 7pm pst
That is worth every penny.
RT #Virgo never makes the first move.
We know that image uploading is currently not working, and we're working on the problem. But you can edit text still, so please do!
Thank you for the like, Betty Huth! We like you, too!
Why is leah still talken to me though?
When I leave this world I want to have no regrets
thats what googd my dude.you peep the new video?
I also did not consider the posting to fb from twitter.
The fact that aint no "corner stores" in beverly. <<<<<<<<<<<<
RANDOM THOUGHT UPDATE: Im a Funky MOnkey, So give me a banana!!!!
I am obsessed w/ conquering something in a w/out. Going now to 60 min of sprint training + core. 2nd time today. Good workout!
I was tired earlier... Now I'm wide awake..
so much for my happy ending.
A woman doesn't need a perfect man. She just needs a special guy who can accept her the way she is and make her feel special.
Hey now I've eaten grilled and it was good <33
lol why do you go on chatroulette but not skype me, not cool dog
Love a day off.
Fucking come on Miami.. Come on.
@ Big Tomato Pizza Miami Springs Sunday special Buy ANY 2 Large Pizzas get a Large Cheese Pizza FREE!! Open Sundays Noon - 6 PM
Here's hoping that going backwards is really just a running start.
I need to learn Spanish
Saw Renee Fleming last night for $9 (Thanks, BSO rush tickets!!). That girl can sing!
I'm off the book cus that shit getting annoying. Lol
Today's Get Energized tip: Be sure to power down all computers when not in use.
what's the issue? Let us know if you need assistance w anything.
Thanks for the heads up bro. We need to get that guitar sesh in soon and maybe a trip to Fenway
Ayyeeee BOOSIE WAS FOUND NOT GUILTY! HE COMING OUT IN THE END! Me and Jeezy about to make it rain tonight!
that's a good one lott
Standing next to Pauly D right now!
whats going on out there?
Ima be successful or die tryen I got to be I got 2 cuz I can't live pay check to pay check
Tonight is Ladies Night!!! $3 wines and $5 Three Olive Drinks. Come by and have a drink..
is it that obvious? Not drunk ...tipsy..:)
Oh, what?! That's what's up! Wish I was in town for that bcuz I'll be in town next weekend for grand opening on site
Very interesting post. I've found it harder & harder to get into schools over yrs. Agree w/ break inhouse prgrms for outreach.
Thank You Ole ( :
"Today I went shopping . . and talk is still cheap."
oh shit, well to apply to an ivy league & some UCs you need to subject SATs.
It's getting warmer outside
All schools and offices will open at regular times. Buses may be running late in some parts of town. Please use caution getting to school.
I wish all of my problems were solved.
You're effing kidding me.
:) great song
Trade show season is approaching fast! Come see us now for your promo items. We love working with our fellow Delawareans!
winky wink bum bum
TONIGHT - $2 you call it for service industry workers. Request S.I.N. cards at the bar.
i mean come on, it's RAY.
it really doesn't matter much, more about what order I'm putting it on a resume
It's called watch the news haha but do you wanna text me?
A/C is on again ~ back to 80s in Florida!
seriously thinking about breaking out the 'ol toe paws!!!
Attn Food Trucks! We have a limited number of spots this year and we are filling up! Get your application in to reserve your spot ASAP!
Likewise. Thanks for the ride! See you tonight!
Another focused 'special performance' from du Soleil in #drupa hall 8b! Now it's happy hour - join us
First NHL hockey game at Washington Capitals: Pumped to see the Caps crush Jersey!
Can you DM me your email so I can send you info on the recorking promotion we're now offering for Downtown Miami residents?
People who reply to long, well thought out texts with "k".
that's great, how many days a week are you going for?
i dont get how this thing works...
:D Yeah, it should be fun!
having one of those days with my eyes where I think I am gonna need to find a non-computer based line of work.
producing Xtc bridge 4 she's got the falsetto voice she didn't know she had!? Chorus left to do.
Imma regret this n the morning!!
Good idea. Maybe I'll try that...
These damn kids on this bus are giving me a serious headache I NEED SOME HEAVY DRUGS
Look, liberals. Romney would do things differently than Bush/Cheney. For example, he would waterboard people with Aqua Velva.
I get Mac fans and all, but you seriously look like a giant tool bag if you need an iPhone case with a circular cut out to show apple logo.
ok, i just woke up and need to get some funny shirts drawn up that i dreamed about...anyone have some good Shirt Ideas?
RT : Oh, you have long hair? Let me guess, you don't care.
Aw man! Thank god it didn't go through!
Average age of Aircraft Techs at FedEx is 56 years old. Now is the time to earn your Associates Degree and A&P Certification
Another Monday at work almost done, only 600 days to go.
oh man... What a let down. We are really sorry about that. We are still getting up and running over here!
u must have the wrong number or didnt place area code in front b/c i never received anything from you. I text u 2 & no response
You guys have no idea how happy that news made me. :)
-- Thanks! Playing some of this next week via
Hey, just like the REAL Daniel Johnston has! Cool!
SALSA DANCE Cruz is going to heaven. i had risen and my prediction for him as much as much as much to?
wait what?
I heard this story first on BBC radio! I was like, how far inland from Mexico border does it have to be to become US news? Crazy!
2peoplethatbelongtogether Chris Brown & Rihanna
BiPolarMoment: Using Shania Twain's "Up Up Up" as ipod therapy session. Can only go up from here.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 42
I fuk with kobe but im a Celtics nigga #RayAllen all day
that's alright. There will be more!
Admit that your own private Mount Everest exists. That is half the battle.
Does that mean you can take everything in the mini fridge? Might be worth it (in Las Vegas term, anyway)
yes if you are up for a nightcap it is on ;)
randomtwitterhour? i had a dream about you last night. like no joke. i was at ur believe tour concert & you touched my hand!
This dude asked me "Are you the building manager? Someone said a black guy was sweeping the carpet and he was the building manager."
#Celtics finally the celtics are catching up!
What do I want for my #birthday ? For you to like my page on facebook!!!
Looking for new start ups, drop me a line
ROYCE WHITE!!! What do you do to stop this guy??!!
hahaha if that's what you call it .. Drink drink drink
shut up and eat your double double baby. We gotta get to sausage making.
Parcells not likely to head to N.O. Confirmation on that is pending.
Thank you for the congrats on our campaign. It really helps our students.
Focus group participants must have child between ages of 1-4, not enrolled in elem/pre-K & live on North or West side of city
Totally agree RE: bullying. But what were you picked on for?
I had two ex's get engaged last month. I agree, this needs to stop. It's that time of the year though.
...and when you wake up ready to say, I'll think I'll make a Snappy new day! (BJ Thomas and Mr. Rogers) often in my head.
If you can't be good, at least be fast.
Never been so excited to get in bed and eat chicken noodle soup
no warmer than here. San francisco > milwaukee
sides sides and more sides! so many sides it could be a hectogon.
Please don't blindside me....
Your PreMed? Thats cool...What are you trying to major?
Yarn Evil 9
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess?
what's the wow? about
Thank you for following. Interested in help you can provide my clients in the San Diego area, with Estates, Wills, Trusts.
Awesome!! Can't wait. Great time to visit the District.
Office Space moment. Um.
Fulltone Clyde is the best Wah I've ever used. I did a comprehensive wah shootout a few weeks ago at the shop...
Why is there a direct correlation between cold weather and dumb hats. Cover your head/ears and be happy. Nonconformists all conforming....
Ok Runyon... SUBMIT!!!
Check out the Beverly Hills Cannabis Club. A new social networking site for VIP stoners :-) Cheryl Shuman is rocking in BH.
no matter how many times your Fantasy Baseball team wins you are still a loser
Fall for the hood girls, fuck over the good girls
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
lifting the ban on condolences is a positive thing.
You’re not alone, I'm always there for you
Hopefully all good!
It is a little like suggesting it is okay to be "moderately dishonest."
thanks! It was great seeing you and JJ, you guys are dynamos!
Puddles of water in the streets. And it's still raining. Love the coolish weather!
Smh at people who think they understand my reasoning WITHOUT even discussing it with me
Delivering lunch to all you :)
dude!!!!! I KNOW!!! what do you think? real aliens or hoax? or option c!
sometimes its hard to get an answer on my phone, she don't like Wikipedia.
Meh, it doesn't matter, in the end.
Yay! I haven't coughed for the past 10 secon.... nevermind. I love my allergy/flu/cold/bronchitis/altered-beast. Thanks a lot Germ Fairy!!!
RT Tomorrow @ 6am NYPD w/ Bloomberg's backing will try to shut down #occupywallst.I condemn both. A crime against liberty.
Rick Siskey – Remember to eat the proverbial elephant one bite at a time.
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty I hope they don't start shooting
My goal is to get all of Austins crew to follow me.
- With everything he has been through it really is a good story.
Cut impressions make confessions
Use things not people, love people not things.
Me too!! RT : It's gotten to the point where I just tear up reading the headlines for these videos....
I think I need to go to parallel parking school...or am I the only woman that suffers this affliction?!!
Just found love with honey whiskey
Student, SIFE to develop aquaponics project - College Heights Herald
Add me on facebook Reece Gymshoes Lee
RT #Obama to #Univision: "Until the Republicans have a nominee, we don’t have a campaign" #Really?
Yes I got help from Will the store mgr. Placed my flooring order too. thks
Which station is and his election party watching for results... FOX 12.
French Fries are a love-hate relationship. How you doing with it?
I'm off today. Lots to do. Going to get a run in first.
So, if you have an #ssrn account, please try to log into it now and see if you get in, or get an error message. Thanks!
justin and selena forever
Also, the Blu Kennedy + Kennedy Carter BYE
I was going to go to #goldcup, but then I remembered I look ridiculous in those big floppy hats...le sigh.
Hey Guys! I'm playing in San Diego next Monday night @ Tin Can Ale House 9pm! I'll see Y'all there! -BAC
So excited to celebrate Charlie and Sydney Herbst at our annual Derby Party Saturday, May 5, in Cape Girardeau!
yw. I need to learn more about the #GTeam. Anything you can share with us? :)
Carl was a GREAT facilitator/guide for Insightment. Kudos on an outstanding program and experience.
LETS DITCH.
The Wisconsin Eye video I'm seeking was from 10/31 regarding testimony given towards Senate Bill 259. If anyone can help, I'd appreciate it
#F4F #TeamFollowback #boxing Thanks for following New Friends!
thanks! You rule! <3
Scrabble party... that's all I'm saying.
their respective answers to help you make educated decisions when it comes to getting your vehicle repaired!
I'm really trying to make an effort to tweet... Having a goal is really helping me to motivate me.
“: Carrying around my charger everywhere sucks... #promoprobz #addictedtotechnology” story of my life
RT : , we will be at the game. Bringing Tom and Bronson!
Normal joints produce very little friction and vibration
You are basically dead center in that photo.
Happy New Year
“: lol good you prbly can play with them Cause their short” your so smart when it comes to nails
": I need to take note of this!" Me too! Lol
about 3 months...and the dev is ongoing
RT : Ck12, leaders in open textbooks. FWK used in my class for few years. Positive feedback from students.
Wish I could give my mama what she really wants for mother's day, I need to win the lottery or something....
GET YOUR LUST ON! Lust and Longing open tonight at , 6-9pm. Come get sexy with us.
I love canadiens
"we cannot support a mayoral candidate… who is willing to court support from (city unions)" -UTSD. Where to begin? h/t
save me a seat?
RT Staffing & structure, staffing & structure. Everything cool you want to do online comes down to that. This stuff is not tech
just finished sending tracks to VUDU SPELLZ for DAIYON sessions going well
Looking foward to Thurs: Retro on the patio! Join us for some 'outta sight' 70s reminiscing, #Memphis, from 6 - 9 See you there!
hush now. I'm incognito. Like Bruce Wayne. But a little messier.
So bored
might get me own bag haah x
that's our midweek break from cooking supper.
#Torlid check it out people!!!1
Pretty sure I have a map final tomorrow
DO IT!
OMG AUSTIN I LOVE YOUR NEW SINGLE ♥
YOU DONT GIVE HUGS ! You, my friend, royally suck ! With ya nice hair and sexy abs ! smh
yea. I'm staying back in LA! Im going back down south for my last show in Texas. I'll hit u up when I'm back in LA.
I think I may need to go to the hospital. Gonna be gone for about 4 days
: my church is celebrating its 145th anniversary and building rededication service on memorial day weekend. Please help
Reading Cosmo while STILL sick on the couch. I wanna get outta this house. At least this magazine is giving me good company :)
too funny. Like old times.
good! It is terrible!
About to take me a shower and go to bed.
Glad this is the last time I have to set my alarm for 5
follow back please? (:
I'm not gonna nitpick.
One other important thing is I don't hear any dynamic variation in your playing behind the soloist.
3 words, 8 letters, easy to say, hard to prove.... I'm a zebra
SKYDIVE! Your,e afraid of thunderstorms!
Thanks for the tip. I knew you'd reply first!
Memphis > B-ham
we talked,we had our plans ready,weeks go by waiting for a call ..nothing..one day i call u,u forgot *oh 24 hrs later u call me & i say no
We are looking for 60"+ die cutters to purchase, you have one to sell? email .
Thank you very much, Marco Villari, for your generous support! We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
Doing the same here. Yum.
Listening to 100 CUPBOARDS, but interest is flagging. Might switch to print to finish it up & move on.
Follow the big homie
#SoSad I'm not going to meet because he's not coming this month :'(
same here
Maybe I'll feel better after hockey practice later... That usually works...
it can't be stopped. ever. it's the spinning molten core of planet windoze. ehwn it stops, WE stop...
Designing the prize is designing the problem
You win cinco de mayo, you win. Now PLEASE leave mi cabeza alone! :(
NOW you tell me! I'm already in the lobby!
Some of these female southern republican staffers are super pretty and super stupid.
gotta love them stats! data ftw!
And the DJ is wearing a Bravo jersey.
talking to my best friend <3
Luxe 32 magazine launch Thursday the 26th. At the Aston Martin dealership of Troy Michigan.....Hott
"i'm going with beer, wine and salty snacks : ) #FoodieChats -totally agree!
ur BBQ Chick. was the best! Wait a minute, I loved the cold slaw too, not to mention the 12 lb. cat fish you caught! Wow!
Shawty had triple 6 mafia on deck tho... Shit caught me by surprise in the best way.
CONGRATZ... ON DA REALZ GURL U HAVE NO IDEA HOW I WISH I WAS IN UR SHOES...
“Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.” ~Plato
RT : "holding a grudge is letting someone live rent free in your head"
Time 2 put a pep in my step a stride in my glide cause It's show time Twitter enjoy your day.
No kidding, right? Pretty terrible use of words.
C is now trading at a 20% discount to tangible common equity (TCE). That is a SCREAMING deal. Buy C! I am
Please tell me one of your children did that and not you.
Bedlam in Manchester!
Cry about that too.
Isn't this Wednesday morning?
A4: LinkedIn groups is a great place to meet people.
“Tablet Market” = iPad Market
I banged my toe & it hurts so much omfg
RT : Yeah, I miss you..
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids. - Dolly Parton
I'm driving the train here. I'll tell U where we get on & where we get off
Kicked #crossfit in the face today.
Happy Birthday
That is a pretty amazing (and unnerving) feeling.
it was nice to meet you and discuss the site. Have a great night.
Am tatted Up
naw call my bro phone
What is your favorite #Country song? Please share & don't forget, you can request a song through our DJ!
And Be The Ladder would probably be banned in theaters because it promotes guts and determination.
Is old enough to remember "Claire's Knee"?
@ phops802 The mayans were enslaved before they could finish their calendar....that's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Any news on that Hat give-away contest?
RT : I'm on a New Mexico poetry frenzy this morning. I could die of poetry!//You'll have beautiful words as your last thoughts!
RT@ LordAlex Looking for a hotel near Conf, not too expensive, I am out of luck with Park Plaza. Any suggestions?
Waking up at 345 is really catching up with me. Cant wait to go home and nap with at 12
SOMEONE COME TO NORTH CAROLINA WITH ME IN APRIL
Coffee makes me feel good.
M someone threw away cinnabon in our trashcan now all of shoes smells amazing
Agreed. And generally more expensive. I'm trying to be more budget conscious. That's the reason I'm considering a change.
It's a new beginning.
I got to kick it with today :)
RT : We will be closed this Fri, so plan on visiting before then. We will be open late, 10-7, on Sat for the football game
Want someone to stop texting u? Send them, "SERVICE ERROR 305: MESSAGE DELIVERY FAILED. FURTHER MESSAGES WILL BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT.""
you gotta have Faith
comes in to my house, drinks my beer, plays my video games then has the nerve to call it a "waxing"? Show some respect 4-0
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com come register and enjoy all the hockey games you can live online enjoy!!!
Thx 4 posting this. Been sharing a similar (and unpopular) opinion. Don't think they're bad but they don't replace laptops.
okay x
"Capital has always been the scarcest resource in opening the space frontier"
I almost called u something
Religion without revelation, Christianity without Christ, the Church as ...
Good morning daaahlins! I hope your ready to get over this "hump" Wednesday and sail right on into the weekend! :)
Its only Tuesday morning. This is a long and rough week
Yhea-huh.Is the evil guy's sidekick a bat?
haven't talked to you in a bit. How's it?
I think facebook ads know me better than my parents do
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come (: <3 #Faith :)
Cheddar singing 1 of my Whitney Houston favs on the voice..Wow!
Patrick Ewing is perfect mentor for Bismack Biyombo on #Bobcats. Because Dwight Howard's post-game is unstoppable.
Knocking out this prom stuff >>>
What if FedEx buys the interstate system and bars UPS from using it? Is that still "markets?"
Rob Wilson playing with confidence!
thanks for the follow, your music is fantastic! have a great day!(: itd be superawesome if you checked out too!<3
“: I'm crying happy tears. Makes me feel so good to see you everyone helping me to help Dad. " let's hope the voters listen!
Be Who Yhu Are Don't Change Yhurself For Anyone Because One Day Yhu Will Find That Special Person Who Loves Yhu Just The Way Yhu Are ~Helen
Pretty nice beer selection at Boneshaker Pub in Rocklin. I'll be back.
negroe's 40+ still wearing fitted, timms as their only wardrobe is just sad
Super cute picture of C! There is no way those pants are staying white! :)
I won't win this contest but I live tweeting you random isssh
until you walking around with a big red mark on yo neck
Poker Quote Of The Night: Once you start thinking you have nothing left to learn, you have everything to learn. -- Steve Badget
Look on the bright side viking fans, the Colts are insanely jealous of your two wins!
Crying can sometimes make me sleepy.
#MLTalks Looking forward to the webcast!
I needed that talk with my brother so much <3
one super game..so happy for saints
Always glad to hear The Band on #WFUV. Claudia Marshall is playing Jemima Surrender
Are you now? I like you as a princess. :D Then again, you're cute every day.
"And we don't give a f**k, Whoever you may be, 'Cos we are the famous #SKC"
I'm running Photoshop CS6 Beta. First kid on my block, yadda yada.
I love you!
Yay, a fellow dragon aficionado!
Afternoon gym workout.
Helping friends market their tea business idea!
Just holding down the fort in studyhall with
Today all the people who felt crappy for only being able to afford a Kindle and laugh for saving $5 bucks per ebook more than iPad users.
Ryan Newman having engines issues on very hot, muggy day
This clips team is Banged up... Crowd chanting "see you Sunday" #believe on
Yessir. A beautiful house of history.
The only news I ever read: and
RIP Maurice Sendak.
Why do banks attach chains to their pens? If i'm trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pens.
"Feels like: 120 degrees" thanks, phone.... I couldn't guess by the fact that my face is melting off!
I didn't do the math homework. I'm going to fail school
Okay, let's giddy up on the iPhone 5 then.
I will take one tomorrow after school. K?
Lucky! Hope you have fun and go Nuggets!
Stallone Saturday: Starting with "Cobra", ending with "Nighthawks." What the fuck has become of my life?
Its always the people who always have shoulders to cry on.. That complain about people never fuckin with them.
I love this weather! So perfect for studying
very cool!! I love it!
I think physics plays a vital role in the equation as well
When I close my eyes I see frosted cakes.
love you bebe. I'm back! :)
Thanks for the RT ! We're hoping for a FULL HOUSE of interested #DNation runners & volunteers on Dec. 8th!
You gonna learn today
Thank you. I'll look into it as soon as I finish my other work.
Im not hating on Sveum, but for Theo to say the new coach must have "extensive" managerial experience, Im sorry a hitting coach aint that.
Quick trip to the mall with my daughter. Gotta do some laundry and ironing for a busy day tomorrow. :)
Your hidden content engine
Thanks again to JR Mitchell at Q-106.5 in Bangor Maine for having me on-air to talk about OSO!!! www.refresheverything.com/operationsoundoff
Big Congrats To My Girl Laura From Wisco From Winning Miss America
“: Psst...Starting tonight, gluten free personal 8" pizza.” OMG so excited!!
speaking at #AribaLIVE on new partnership. "This is not your grandfather's #ERP."
Whys there always gotta be those couple of noodles in the Mac n cheese that didn't cook fully?
Who is stopping in tonight to see 3 Way Street and sip on some awesome drinks on special?
Sweet play by SS Elvis Andrus to get to grounder up the middle and flip ball w/ glove hand for 3rd out at second.
Sleep is now. Night suckers.
Why are you not at #DodgerStadium?
haha! Of course! I'm here when u need it!
Rest in Peace Ofield Dukes ... another legend gone, but not forgotten.
There are lots of nontoxic alternatives to bleach: sunshine, vinegar, lemon juice. What works best for you?
ok what's ur instagram thing?
chatzy chat room as stacy
Inflexion-Point Strategy Partners is a B2B sales and marketing performance improvement company based in the UK
The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
Apparently, just have to handle it like a plutonium rod or something? Flip it, it declines call. Scroll up, declines call.
and What more is there to say? Doors open until 5am. See you tonight #LOVE!RS
My heart says Butler, but my brain says Duke. Who you got?
I need a kick in the ass. Somebody please kick me in the ass.
My good boating friend will laid to rest tomorrow in Attica, KS. Please remember his loving wife & family in your prayers. Thank you.
": lol I know smh"I guess we can say dat was like a piss test #random lol
Watched my bro graduate from Columbia University today. It was beautiful and I am really proud. Way to go !
love it! Happy holidays!
I love it! I want a CD
Does Groupon really help bring in more trade? Now the site has been given three months to improve its standards...
PreShow name coming soon.....
Justin to the rescue???
Everyone wants happiness, No one wants pain. But you can't make a rainbow, Without a little rain.
Great, tomorrow at 12:30 works for me. See you then!
If you come across a full length mirror with built in lighting whilst nude and you're over 30, just turn and walk away.
YESZZZ! Show me your moves!
I hear you tweet
Serrato is gonna hook me up with someone from affliction or a mma pro. Luv my brother from another mother
Back to the grind #ROC. Hope you all had as a refreshing weekend as we did!
": I can't read tweets from anti-hustlers. Don't Knock The Hustle boy!"
back at ya yay
No It Dont Come Easy. No It Dont Come Fast. Lock Me Up Inside Your Garden. Take Me To The Riverside. Fire Burnin' Me Up Desire Takin' Me So
RT : The girl of his dreams is the same one waking him up ;-)
Thanks Daniel.
All over i couldnt see shit.
You're welcome. Good luck at the rest of your fests!
Worst officiating crew ever at UNLV UTEP game....for both teams. Rice and Floyd both close to blowing gasket.
where were they doing them
NM veterans couple transitioning from homelessness to public housing needs kichen table, chairs. Pls direct-msg me if can donate. Thx.
Oh wow! Sad 2 hear when horrible things happen 2 the #Sooners I'll b praying 4 him!!
I gave him a pacifier aka a taco
Dont forget Wolf has $10M club opt. with 1.5 buyout.If they let him go, ZG walks, and CN isnt healthy, you need SM
Congrats to client Jack Johnson of the LA Kings on the game winning goal in OT! #gokingsgo!
I am good fam! I am really feeling your tracks fam
Avengers is the shit!!!
ty! and wow life groove. I dig that B)
Got funniest Mother's Day card from - but if he does get #tattoo of "Mom" there, I'll tan his hide!!
I like halagermans -- but I"m a bit biased. :D
Okay. I caved. Downloaded Draw Something and I'm obsessed. Wanna play? My username is FoodieBlake!
“: they used to say that about the west. Was a great place to build.” < THAT is definitely true.
If you can't make up your mind, please don't waist my time.
- awe, that just brightened my day a 'lil. I believe that deserves a "get it girl!" : )
True talent! RT Still in shock...Thank you America!!! You picked the right guy... Congrats You deserve this.
hmm.i want one c:
is there any way for me to change my username?
Sure you want to advertise that?
That's amazing! Glad to hear you had fun! :)
then if you're there you need to come here
Go follow my other account!
Back from Vegas! Busted for speeding $300, swim trunks @ Hard Rock Shop $80, cover to get into Rehab $100, fun with the guys: priceless! :-)
& thanks for following
Storms <3 time to sleep good tonight.
You bet!
Lol I just forget :p
Whats Cracking Sir?
This is the perfect time to try this incredible service if you haven't before.
A big Happy Bithday to Have a great day and keep doing your thing!
Affirmation: I have the ability to visualize every aspect of my success.
whole grain. whole grain.
Now that is confirmed to be in Norway my next guess is that at some point he's headed to Svalbard and Jan Mayen...
Despite all my Rage I'm still just a rat in a cage!
Won tix from ! Rock on!
he dropped a ball
Big show in Pittsburgh Thursday and Akron Friday! Get at us for last minute tickets!
That is a sign of how cold Georgia is going to be after the Packers victory. Go Packers!!!
What did you do to your foot? Glad it's better!
Be with someone who knows exactly what they have when they have you. Not someone who realizes it after they've lost you.
Pierce Commercial Bank was, in part, the result of losses stemming from a $500 million mortgage fraud scheme.
ide love for to follow me aswell x
“: "I write to escape ... to escape poverty." Edgar Rice Burroughs
make sure you get lots of good food :)
Put cinnamon (and maybe nutmeg, cloves) in the grounds while brewing, not after. It won't taste as good, it'll taste better.
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
On this day in 1999, two teenage gunmen kill 13 people in a shooting spree at Columbine High School in Littleton,
yea trying to get some super last min stuff lol
Salt and vinegar chips are so good!!
It's Football Sunday...Watch your favorite team with a Jameson $4 shot, or a $3 Hornitos, or maybe a $3 Jager....What ever your pleasure!
So started my 60day workout program to get my body back day 1 down an it kicked my ass lol but got to keep on doing it!
She's rolling I'm grubbing Sunday wave no sand
5th grade class is on every night, discussing the book they are reading in class. Right now, it's STARGIRL.
I don't get a tweet back from you ever.. Sad :(
did d.f. do something..
What's this, Sat night of AWP? Sigh. of course. Mebbe Eric McHenry. (Shh, 't tell.) RT
In Kansas
Can't wait for today to be over.
lmfao“: Why would you put a chihuahua in a Louis Vuitton bag? That's like letting an oversized rat shit on thousands of dollars.”
Need a cut but I can't trust these barbers out, already got my line push back
Lol wat I'm talking bout playing ball lol
So we're "friends now"? Haha(:
cat woman is an occupier and there is a flying car
alright! Thx man!
Knock em dead bro
man the shit that we be fightin over so irrelevant, i dont even remember tho i was prolly hella bent.
Think ima go back to bed
next week? breakfast?
DID PROFESSOR TUTOR TODAY?
Bradford Enterprises & Primestar construction are forging ahead on joint venture! Pres. Obama's jobs act was infuential within this effort!
. Creativity is the most important tool we have.
It is a beautiful day outside!! Take a break and soak up some sunshine!
To the cribby I'm finna stay at this summaaaa!
Dallas fans are not the problem, it is the lack of said fans.
you are welcome.....have a great day!! Passa um bom dia...
So I didn't end up studying. Let's see how tomorrow goes
ah lucky! What kind?
Oh sorry! thought that was a real question LOL
: Curious if Salter acknowledges role of fixed wireless, contrasts fixed w cellular. Fixed = more than mobility
I know you're tall. And a tank top wearing slut
If he only wants you for your breasts, legs, or thighs, he needs to go to KFC.
LoL awesome. Do share.. :x
haha i knew this was coming son (: lmao'
Tonight I took out my right contact, and realized I had another lens in there. Apparently I didn't actually take it out last night.
*you're jamming not I
good night i don know u but good night lol
Life transforming ideas have always come to me through books. Oliver Wendall Holmes -
Follow me on instagram? CurseTheVengeance! I WILL LOVE YOU FOREVER!
some of the shit these rappers spit aint nun like real life
tag away! We've made sure you can tag your face on our photos. Thanks!
Just read that alfalfa sprouts is the only plant that supplies the full range of vitamins: A, B, B12, C, E, K + a huge amount of minerals.
#ff Thanks for the retweet! love your posts!
What shall I do!!
Means you won't get cancer as long as you stay out of California? The Missoni suitcase has the same warning.
wearin my penn brewery cwp shirt bitch!
At Kelly's :)
Let us know when you come to visit.
So glad I figured out how 2 turn concert into a campaign event for This is how I get #datenight these days...
wow, looks amazing
follow back please? :) x
.... I seriously am goin to have to put some aloe on my shoulders. -_- howtf i get sunburnt yo? Ish hurts too man.
Hey there - think we might've visited them on the Silver Pass weekend a few years back!
I'll Have Another wins da Derby on Cinco de Mayo... coincidence?
great job yesterday! You guys are awesome!!!
Awready Bro!! I Might be down that way Tomorrow!
Watching last nights #Revenge perfect casting for Nolan some one devious that can still be punked by Emily.
hehe! Maybe I missed it, this twitter thing is new to me
Sparkin' up "Hard Truths: Writing Addiction for Teens" at 1:30 on the #LATFOB #YA stage w/Ned Vizzini, and
I can't wait to hear it! :)
just gonna chill...kill 'em with kindness
Casting for a new major cable network show! Do you know anyone in a #bad relationship?
Jaynes: I’ve been told by many people in and out of administration…that Bernie and Laura Klimist have much to do with this.
10, 9, 8, 7...Don't let cash and product prizes and excellent press pass you by...submit your film to Our City Film Fest by wi 10 days!
Quiet: the power of introverts in a world that can't stop talking / Susan Cain
I don't feel so good...
Q10. Most unique travel "potty stop" experience...
old english sheep dog ;)
the comic book actually wasn't half bad.
i missed u too lol
Got a buffalo chicken pizza from for lunch at our office. So good!
*John Belushi voice* NOTHING IS OVER UNTIL WE SAY IT IS!!
Im So good at being myself
Sherries Sweet. Yeah, but you sure dont need another face.
sure love :)
i think of my life as a comedy....
Hoping I can participate, very busy with proposals... I just can't resist a good tweet chat!
Well it looks like things are gonna work out. #thankgod (:
I work at that library! and I bought a shirt from you once that says "nothing to wear." Come visit me weeknights ~8-10pm.
Are you a #Law #Student or #Professor? We'd love to add you into our community and share ideas. @ us and we'll follow back!
New favorite Outlook autocorrect: eval-> veal. As in, "Can you please swing by my office to sign your veal?"
thoe >>> lmfaoo him And his boy right now :) awh!
Don't forget, the Cash Money motto is we drank till we throw up
damn , forreal? You take some?
idk i think its goin to be a draw
Do you need to hire multiple #sales people? We recently launched as a portfolio company to provide outsourced
I endorse
Today was good. Hung out with my Sis Kelly, Ran in to Jen Thomas, got a new hat, watched a movie on netflix. Yea it was a good day
Not getting upset over this one, not one bit.
It's cool watching Beavis&Butthead "Buy beer" (((((:
I agree...j/k, hope you and the fam are doing well.
Point: Daniel
“ Females that know they are cute and are humble about it >”
I love lucy's dress!
Hey Tweeps! How goes it today??!
RT Discovered that Wikipedia notes I introduced the term "social web" in 1996 via Time magazine
It's not what you know, it's what you do with what you know.
TO WHERE BBY. Can you take me with you. Lol (I Wish)
Buffy Hamilton speaking at NJASL conference #NJASL2010 Exciting yet challenging times in librarianship transitions
Same working feel like cursing out my boss that nerd as bitch
I've being trying to figure out all night what this meant, finally got it! Dying is at the end of studying, I'm blonde!;)<3
Hahaha ": Oh you follow ? You must be so popluar and fat"
After staring at the program all afternoon, I finally got myself registered for
It's going to be the kind of week spent entirely in front of Microsoft Word.
Dylan holland is just great.<3
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x5
I'll line up on a silly carpet if it means I don't have to stand in a 110 degree tunnel in Atlanta for 15 mins ever again.
Thanks to anyone who correctly punctuated the name of this day and didn't wish me a "happy" one. (I mean, really...)
just had a dream that I smashed my phone screen in.. 😖😔💔
let me try and get some more people to come
Bill just read a letter from a Pittsford parent thanking him for his support of their girls volleyball playing son. A hater is on hold.
We do question your taste in hockey teams though. :)
Looking forward to eating/drinking menu right up my alley!
Q2 #libchat - Anyone doing cloud storage for their digital archives?
lucky to meet you thanks again for coming in
We're wasting librarians by putting them in antiquated spaces - they,re worth more. We need to fix not patch.
Watching The Bodyguard <3
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE follow mee?:)
good luck and best wishes for whatever comes next.
Gotta show the number one music retailer some love! You guys performing at it?
Hannah Montana movie makes me cry :( Awhhh
obviously the more cofactors and comorbidities prove to be challenges to physicians.
RT : Thank you to those that have purchased your TIX to the Holiday Gala! If you haven't, get them here...
RT : Spunk is strongly alkali to counteract the acidic effects of any urine it encounters in your tubing on the way out!
that means I won't get them either.
Going Green Shouldn't put you in the red! Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning at 206-414-1039 for all your green cleaning needs!
how did i get brought up in the conversation during etymology?
Thanks for the ff love!!!
by the time I called, they were out of goat pie! Missed my window, but trying to make up for it
thats a bad bitch hit her in her shit if she ever talkin shit lol
We "...are all walking around shining like the sun...There are no strangers!...The gate of heaven is everywhere." Thomas #Merton d. 12/10/68
We're excited to welcome the incoming MIMS students this Friday! We're looking forward to meeting you all.
no problemo! and i love your bio, couldnt agree more... except for the girl part hahaha
LOVE HATE AND SACIRFICE ARE THERE VERY POWERFUL WORDS DEPENDING ON HOW YOU USE THEM
Thank you! :)
mom and sis....
People that can spell and form proper sentences. >>>>
thanks Mario for the support and follow love the tweeting form siri trick check out and
Had a dream I bought a condo in St. Louis and refused to talk to my BFF decked out in Cardinal gear.
We may be in Metropolis! Come to Perk Park (12th & Chester) for a photo shoot on Friday at noon! Umami Moto will be there too!
So loving this Philly weather right now!
technically we only have 2 months of freedom :D
atleast u were playing and moving around.
bummer, I bet summer classes blow. What class?
"Mygale [MIG-uh-lee] n.: a genus of large tropical spiders." Um... yeah. Don't know if I can handle that.
less time in Europe...
tell the truth ur scared cause i could engineer egypt... lucky i have ethics this in the wrong hands is scarey!
you boys make us proud everyday!♥ Love you,! (:
On this day in 1912, the first Curtiss Flying School opened in Miami.
get on facebook~ late night group chat?<3
what did undo for your Klondike bar?
We would like to thank everyone that voted for us on KCRA's A-List for best Greek in Sac!!! We really appreciate it!!!
{bangs head on desk} wordpress why oh why are you working then crash. Bo!
: yes I've been .its beautiful
when my son is mad he still spits up on me
is it a carrot? I like carrots. :o
#oomf is such a hypocrite oh my god. I hate hypocrites so much, I can't.
It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor. ~Marcus Tullius Cicero
Only way UK loses is a good zone D, bad outside shooting, foul trouble. All 3 tonight. Come on Cats!!
Indeed. Overevaluated my reading ability; I'm more of a 50 than an 80. 21 more teams to read. . . So far, so great.
Does CSSEdit not exist as a standalone anymore? Boo.
Only thing I understood was the song purple rain! I was laughing the rest of the time!!!LMAOxD -Ashley
#DEAD RT : *Stay Schemin' melody* Subtweetedddddddd........... n****s should've mentioned me!
It's a Beatles kind of day.
Watching final destination on MTV :)
God please keep drama at a fucking distinct!!!!
Don't Over Think It... It's Not That Serious...
looking for early elem k-2 or tech integration
Not a chance was that illegal touching. Idiots.
Thanks and Drostan Hall for a fantastic weekend of performances of Beethoven's Emperor and great broadcast!
Devon Still is sitting out draft in solidarity with fellow Nittany Lion Cameron Wake and his contract holdout.
pshhh those lil fake glasses! :D we woulda had a real drphil convo if I had em on.
Heading to my last store then I am homeward bound war mar city
Finna shoot back to the Haven.
yes :) what a night
I haven't even seen you in about a week.....
You are welcome.
We are Wisconsin. On Marquette.
Like a kid in a candy store only worse , my mind is lost in the greatness of the artist of ReverbNation and i am thankful ! FOR ALL OF YOU
Your kids will read about me in their text books
It's the independents we need to cultivate. They need to see how irrational the other guys are.
Austin. The reason why I'm still standing upright in this world with confidence and the one that taught us that EVERYBODY is beautiful, ♥
What a great day for #folklife ! Hope everyone in #Seattle is having #funindasun !
Duck Duck Duck NIGGA....LLAB n my kevin hart voice!!!!!.....
Bing! Bing again! RT : That's what I'm here for. Ludicrous suggestions and dubious science are perks of the service.
SO SLEEPY......LORD GIVE ME STRENGTH
Good luck to my friends , , , , and also , who are all playing at SxSW
Saw the truck at Art Walk. I liked my taco combo, but was not happy with her kimchi quesadilla.
I gained over 20 followers today... ._. That's a record for me. I love you guys! :D
is that you in a suitcoat?
ya but go to gamestop more points
I kno they are kids grow up so damn fast...haven't seen you'll n a min
Take the pledge to end bullying by going to standtogether.tv! I made the pledge. Will you?
Hansen has his saddle cloth on in his barn. He's much calmer than yesterday getting off the van.
Thanks to all who follow me!!!
#CO Symphony got two standing O's, well deserved for Fantasia on a theme by Thomas Tallis for strings. Beautiful.
i was in 1998
Yea yea...
Crazy exciting! Congrats on a heck of a 2011-2012!
But after a month or so I began to hesitate again
i will sis. Thanks
Expect Haywood to make a decision on coaching in the NFL or College for this year very soon....
“: Love me or hate me, God has my back.”
I just said I'm going to bed but I can't stop reading. Damn you
I'm up next, right?
No I will not announce that your party bus is leaving. It's Midnight and the line is down the block. Where else would you be going?
Healthy oils: Which oil should you use?: ... healthy nutrients, ie, the vitamins and polyphenols that work in the body as antioxidant...
Catch Jason Berry at Tulane's Dean Edward and Alice Sherman Law & Lit. Room tonite at 5:30. He'll be discussing Last of the Red Hot Poppas.
how you doing. we would like to book you for a show. please contact us at . also do live streaming
your giving me mixed signals
Merry Christmas!
♫ Late Night Muzic Until I Z. The Life Of A
Rain can't stop fun times at Captain Morgan Club!
A little birdie told me that & will be a topic tonight pm on ABC. Will Barry and or the people win or lose?
tu como tomas instagram pictures con tu Android phone? I'm confuse
just dumped my breakfast all over myself. 😡😡😡
Thank you, we're excited too! #Milwaukee RT : Check out Very exciting new site for the Milwaukee area
much less than it was in January. Still being early makes the discussion hard to take seriously, yet.
I am so sad too :( I am here and safe and sound. Hope to see you soon!
First time it's ever happened to us... I heard they were at a neighbor's house a few days ago, too.
Ol ratchet ass bitch i see u ova der
“: Why does it require a pun? ”. I don't know... Habit.
-> RT : If you call your teammates out, you better step up as well!
#ThatEx tht still begs for the ass
Join my new cover band: we'll do the music to "shreds" videos verbatim. Who's in?
really tired of facebook. Might deactivate my account.
I go back on my comment now. I forgot about the sexy nun thing. Maybe I'll be a monk. lol
I was impressed to witness motorists helping to assist a snapping turtle across the road during an intense thunderstorm! Branches helped!
#FF our favorite jazz vocalist , but DON'T #FF her dweeby brother
it's creepy and should be illegal.
I'm a big fan of rocking the santa pajamas year round! haha
Baja, elderberries and baseball with and
Go for Dodonis Feta- it will change your life.
RT : #Taurus are the constant observers.
Thanks for the follow Have a great one
two hours may equal two points #stopbitchin ehheehheee
“There are never enough 'I love you's.” ― Lenny Bruce
Please consider a sort-by-date option for search results. Results now are a confusing mess.
It's okay if you don't like me because I guarantee I despise you.
one working!
Just seen at YD waiting to start work. I'm coming to visit
follow back chickaa ;)
You can be one of my New Beauty Queens and have a year of memories and be a reporter for my show email say send inf
#LastTimeIChecked ur stuff, was my stuff... And my stuff, is my stuff...
follow this man he is the real stuff
Listening to Biggie gets me so hyped. One of my fav old school artists.
omq. ): maybe it's for the better thouqh with there hectic schedules, they barely had time toqether.. :/
u coming or what?
When I have kids, if they AREN'T coordinated or athletic, I don't know what I'll do 🙏
Night :* RT : ": Goodnight me. #SoIKnowItsReal" goodnight :)
Damn Straight Sista
how's twitter tweeting you so far? :P
hi steve i hav sum to tell u
More Cheba pictures that aren't flyers! That would be super rad!
Anatomy project<<<
thanks for the follow much love. -Ace
I wish there was a "like" button on twitter. I don't always want to retweet, but it'd be nice to let someone know I like their witty comment
I've known Harvey for over 40 years and I worked with him on the Burnett show for 11 years
Everything I did in my life that was worthwhile I caught hell for.
Lat night of songwriters night:( Wah can't wait though it's gonna be a great show!
i hear you. i get "I thought you were Irish!" all the time. fuck sake.
#WhatAWomanNeeds is man who can cuddle wit her without having sex
no i have not watched "Crazy. Stupid. Love." twice today. i'm writing a critical analysis paper on it OKAY
Skipped out on the Book Cart Drill Champ. because, well, it's stupid. Did anyone actually GO? Looking at #ala10 tweets, I'm thinking no.
dancing non-stop. Prepping for friday
might club in Phoenix Az , with bestie and his bf Aaron Morrison ...
Woo! About 80% of my students passed the CAHSEE! All praise and glory to God!
Beat the heat with our soft serve ice cream and magical shell. Come in for Late Night Happy Hour from 10:00PM-11:00PM!
great. Just bought my ticket! See you there.
Thinking Bout Going To My Old Neighbor Hood Ways
If the Republicans can't agree on a candidate for president, maybe they should turn to Satan. Oh, that's right, he is already President.
hello!! I am typing this on my dad's ipad.....it's fun!
I just puked crafty goodness all over Instagram. Sorry? :)
I do share most,ve my street smiles with the busted old ladies
hollball when are you gonna make your Twitter name hollball
Reanimation of Alison was one of the best RW articles I have ever read. Go Alison !
We love having you as a member! :) RT : Finally got my facial done! I love being a member!
How many points is Dez going to squirt me with?
Nice to meet you, Tom! Please tell me u aren't related to Todd:)
Worse service in the world, T mobile never delivers what it promise, their billing system is a mess
What about tech you're not developing? You can't build everything.
New fan of right here! You girls were SO cute! xoxo
Thank you to everyone who joined us today for the VIP Breakfast at the Carr. Great food, interesting speakers, and some good connections.
Your breath
I don't rap, I live Hip-Hop..
Be sure to Like Us on Facebook - we'll be announcing our iPad 2 Winner on our page #BlastoffNetwork www.facebook.com/blastoffnetwork
The Rage would like to welcome back Defensive Coordinator Roger Aaestrud for the 2012 season
I need Chipotle in my life. It's been too long.
Ya taste it ?
The day you pissed me off I told Mike to pick me up... I told him you were bugging and I don't like to fuss... 🎧 Who remembers this song?
I can a feel a vacation burning through my back...
Family donate reflection bench in memory of loved ones - Mayerthorpe Freelancer
I'm so stoked to be a part of this!
Anyone remember when tweeters were in speakers?
"I want it to go viral" yeah..there is no silver bullet people.
Amazing right! He is so good.
Great to be back at work today after a great vacation!
OMG!!! I totally gasped!! That's INCREDIBLE!!
Our #FreeDrinkFriday announcements will be at 4pm and 7pm. Will you be ready?
“: Thank You For Your Love Huge #LOVEPOW To You! Such an incredible Woman!! LOVe Here We GROW!!!”You2 Tks
Hopefully Google's plan for Art Project isn't the same as Wave.
the last hour of your timeline just made my life complete!
this Colombian on the bachelorette. #sexy #ah <3
Enough is enough
Thanks to everyone who celebrated Georgetown's 223rd Birthday with us today! Here's to many more birthdays to come! Hoya Saxa!!!
Follow my tweets! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;)
Good luck to against Terre Haute tomorrow, and on the ACT in the morning.
to quote the great Peter Venkman..."I feel so funky."
man i think i pass out last night cuz i dont member how i went to sleep
Starting tomorrow, we morning people get our hour back. Daylight savings, my foot.
The willingness to learn new skills is very high
Tomorrow is going to flat out fucking suck.
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX fart, pick up your phone, and say crazy shit
RT : “The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance...” - Alan Watts
Painting, painting, painting, and more painting.
13 Syrians killed while helping to evacuate Paul Conroy, a wounded British journalist on assignment for Sunday Times.
Have you watched any of our "Gay World Cinema" films featured outside our Learning Lab? Let us know your thoughts!
Have not been on here much lately. Trying to go thru mentions & replying. Thank u.
Getting a hair cut #finally 💇💆
Doing the new bike happy dance.... Been a long time coming. :)
Plus I get a new image to tug one off to.
lol why does it have to be a guy?? Lol
Maybe we can get them to do a liver performance at the Holiday Party tomorrow night! Oak Tavern, 6:30 pm!! come on by!
you rock my socks :)
It smells like strawberry pop tarts in this subway station
Haight Street Gooners are NOT happy. And it has nothing to do with being in a Sp*rs bar.
How is it that I have just learned that the USC masters program I was a part of has a twitter handle?
ahaha XD thank god I am just a lil bit shorter than him! Imagine what he would do if he freak out from seein a tall person!
Hey! Nice to "tweet-meet" you. Soon will be in Florida, too. Happy Thanksgiving.
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours. Stay far, far away from these people.
SLC-->LA-->Jakarta
you are soo sweet :) mwah!
no i'm lesbian
Two improv shows tomorrow night. 8pm and 10pm. Our place. The time to make reservations? Nigh.
love the smell of pastry in the morning... #thatcamp_se athens ga
Morning twitter! Almost mossed the bus so i ran like the wind and found out the bus wasnt even near my stop. Haha oh me!
Shit you already know bruh I got you
The NEW YORK FOOTBALL GIANTS are going to the Super Bowl. Oh, and so am I. Ah
I feel numb most of the time
myth laid to rest: axe body spray attracts no women.. so stop using it. seriously.
Sluggish cognitive tempo disorder? Are you kidding me? Sometimes it is what it is... Laziness. Do we have to analyze everything in life?
g men!
these arent my people this ain't where I came from
I miss sharing a room with you...
Beauty Tip: Winter dries your skin like crazy -- moisturize every day!
I would start a fight and whisper in Lebron's ear "I did your momma too" :D : Ah the frustration is showing now!! #Knicks"
Pizza of the Day: Italian sausage, pepperoni, bacon and onions for $11. Mention tweet get free toasted ravioli!
Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel supercalifragilisticecpialidocious because that's totally an emotion
Henry just got red carded
Time to break from #NADA2012 & watch ! Who's your team this year?
bored, nothin to do it's 6:20 in the morning here in new york
I love you!
I'm there!
Birthday or not, today sucks.
I get caught up dreaming of the life I want to provide for me and my husband. Tonight I sit back and thank God for everything we have.
Stop being careless and care less.
hahaha June 3rd mark your calendar... and thanks how perfect is it!
Anyone wanna go to usher or ozzy and special guest slash at bridgestone? I have presale codes to get ur tix early!!
Arianna Huffington on authenticity: authenticity is like pornography, you know it when you see it.
Spices are highly overpriced
A stunning spring day in Loudoun! Magnolias in full bloom, warm sun on smiling faces, greenery creeps in from all around.
I can tell you from experience that it's far easier to rationalize than to write a whole new pres :D
love the positivity my brother! Ride with you...how was your release party yesterday?
We have read all your emails and at this time we have no reason to detain you indefinitely or bonk you with a drone.
sounds like you're bringing a blue angel to the party...
Davenport tonight 203 S. Presa no cover all night $3 drinks & beer! Talk to me to see how you can get a free bottle!
You're famous.
getting to the money as always working on I'm That Dude tape!! Trust me If you think Meta Myers was a classic wait till you hear this!! META
And still, the The Howard Theater can only be so beautiful without you. Until then, check out 's pictorial preview:
RT : Lots of events happening, stay turned..hope you can pencil us in! April 6th Binny's Bolingbrook-beer tasting (6pm-8pm)
God Has A Reason For Allowing Things To Happen. We May Never Understand His Wisdom, But We Simply Have To Trust God's Will.
Chicago has more LEED certified buildings than any other U.S. city.
Over today already!
Goose eggs
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream & the urge to make dreams come true.
3 basic elements: 1) secret; 2) owner has to protect reasonably; 3) misappropriation.
Why am I always so exhausted
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.”
He said it! "But I will never stop helping and loving people the way Jesus said to." - Michael Jackson
The pitching has been off to a rough start, a long season but a disappointing start.
oh..and you look very beautiful today. ;)
Lmao @ that one!
Woo- we are over 1,000 followers strong, you all rock!! I think this deserves a special twitter contest....
New issue of features 2 of my all time faves & ! Both play within the next week!
Yo momma is so stupid she got stabbed in a shootout
"Trust me. Sacramento will not go down with class and dignity." - Tom Ziller
Working on Extra Strength Eczema Cream today. I have some great herbs ready to make this one.
maybe. I was thinking the same RE: Texas Rangers
Wow. Should be 21-10 #Bills. Instead, poor clock management by #Eagles squanders FG possibility. 21-7 at half.
Aww thank you much! Hope to see you there!
Awesomeness at #CoachellaLive...amazing music...thanks YouTube! :)
tuesday nite we broke up she finally sent me a message on fb last nite and tellin me i hurt her
I'm feeling down in the dumps.
Merlin Carpenter? And ? Hm
I've been to Toulouse Petit! YUM! Electronic-Foodie Happy Hour. YES! We were just talking about skydiving in Wa. yesterday.
what are your entrance songs this year?
The tweet clearly states that the pic is from The Periodic Table Of SEO Ranking Facebook page.
Thanks for including us!
Oh, I like Forever Jones too lol. Well...just the one sog. & Mary Mary lol
hit well last night. caught about 12 & missed quite a few. caught a couple 3-4 pounders.all large and smallies.
Making Money is Easy-If u just look at the numbers-Companies pay u 4 how many people u kno-not the product-if this makes sense 2 u c my site
next time throw up that #ACEofSPADES ..the NEW #ROC...put both of the rockstar symbols together!
On June 30th, wrote: Alas, as much as I'd adore public blogs (as a format), they don't match my wish for depth, intimacy, delving, diving...
If there is no energy in a room, no buzz, then you are not going to be able to sell.
They should come! im from Boston, MA. We are calm here too!
I hate feeling so sad after coming down to the final two in winner takes all poker. #whydoiwanttocry?
Heck yes!
And , won't you miss me? xoxo
My feet are swollen I can't get my left shoe off.
Tripled with aces 26 players left feeling good.
@ 500k kids in Haiti can't go back to school. Join me & and donate RT
Currently putting together numbers for a new order. What styles and colors would you like to see on the next design launch?
although....no body "fixed" Inge....
Flood Coverage Outside a Flood Zone (Home Insurance)
Why yes, I do carry salami in my bag.
T.H.U.G Life...True Heroes Under God :)
We're playing THIS THURSDAY NIGHT at The Red & The Black in DC. Only $6 w/ shadows & ghosts. We're on promptly at 9pm. Tell your friends!
My middle name is Kristofferson.
is it soy-free, by any chance?
Sounds delicious. #dinnerbeforehalfmarathon RT : Potatoes with a bit of legumes, and 4oz of steak.
thanks for the mention! Tweet us your card design when done!
#asklewis ok here goes my attempt of making you laugh and earning a follow back...what do you call a fish with no eyes?
m oh that looks so much better than what I am cooking :(
My mom is so embarrassing. Trying to eat before the ceremony is even over.
Alba all the way. They have a water resistent SPF 30 "very emollient sunblock" that is free of evil ingredients.
#ElkRiver Hockey team plays last regular game of season while coach faces investigation. What coach's lawyer is saying
Of course, but in that case I'd rather buy two more of the old styles and spend the same about of money (and donate two pairs)
Spread the word..Tia’s is now booking patio parties for the 2011 season!! Accommodating parties of 30-500, to book please call 857-488-5387
M so good
Prosecutors in New Hampshire are taking the lead on investigation into death of 6 year old Camden Hughes of Irving, TX.
thx for the shout-out! Always great to connect w other "Jumbopreneurs"
love is louder than the pressure to be perfect
Again - WARPED Tuesday, if we can get 150 followers by then there will be a special promo code to get your order half off! Let's do this!
Hey there, (ESTeemModems), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
But I've saved recommendations for the next time I beauty supply shop :D
How to Make a David Lynch Film his 25,000 views today on Vimeo :)
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Meeting Evil
nice meeting you at Arnie Audiitions!
yes I kno...its gonna be hot...
Spring is coming! New menu soon. More dynamic "seasonal offering" on their way. Can't wait for the farmers markets to be in full swing.
I got a bug bite...on my foot
“: When you finally Think of the right answer, But you've already handed in your test -_-”
where da sun shine at need a light
I really like the complexity approach for some of my more patient kids; glad I'm not the only one who buys into it!
is going to bed. We'll be rehearsing tomorrow. Back in action FRIDAY NIGHT, Pineapple Jacks, 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates. 10 pm. 9 Central.
Why is the whole car including Sebastian singing "Take Care" by Drake in unison? #RoadTrip to Cuse! lol
90 Percent of cats over the age of 12 have arthritis Agility for Dogs & Cats contains MSM and Glucosamine
If my diploma says I graduated from Gonzaga and not The Real University, like 2 Chainz, I'm gonna lose it in front of everyone. #TRU!!!!!!!!
Pat, Chris, Alex ...
It's wing grind time, come threw and grub. I'll be working.
thanks for the donuts this morning. Definitely not a bad way to start the week after spring break.
LOVE smoking a cig right when I get out of the shower before I even get dressed. Let it permeate my skin and corrode me from the inside out.
Downtown. 37th floor
Love it! chastises R candidates for tactics antithetical to all our "Land of Opportunity" stands for
Whoever is calling from a restricted number: Grow up. Prank calling is one thing but you took it way, way too far.
Just picked up tickets for at Wrigley Field in September!
Especially when people copy the clothes i have. Like bitch, you didnt have them before I started wearing them. YOU DIDN'T EVEN SHOP THERE!!!
Bro, 2 hrs of sleep ?! Can't do it... *falls back asleep* tired as hell !
Let's make some magic again Brew Crew!
that was amazing, thank you!
Fly like redbull
At another training with , this time for shelter operation.
I'm working on a jingle for a cupcake bakery. They didn't ask for it, but they did bing us cupcakes. Maybe if I write it we'll get more.
If wants to smootch, theres only one thing your smootching
Thanks to Simon Habtemariam, Chris Hoiles, and for joining Friday on !
I look forward to it!
Tony, thanks for following us! Here's to hoping you find our tweets as amazing as we do!
I wish I had a used book on life, with notes in the margins.
Good things happening at #OpenMobileSummit. Please do stop by and say hi.
HA one mans trash is another mans...um BEST WORK!
RT : RT : Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful - John Woo
There's a carnival down my street this weekend, would a sexy guy like to be my escort there?
Yup. RT : Too many things to do, too little time, too tired. Simple.
The Guto is going to leave fossils around his apartment just so he can refer to it as ”the bone zone."
RT : Athletic Republic is where athletes who give 110% get the extra 10%.
DIY: Stay home and treat yourself to fabulous results with Mary Kay® skin care. You’ll save time and money with these proven products!!
UK's official athletics website has most of the baseball info you would need.
Could you please?
Exactly. RT : It's about time recognized that I'm influential about 'puppies'! (what. the. eff?) #UmNo cc;
Today is a big paperwork day... not the most glamourous part of the job, but it needs to be done. It looks so sunny and nice outside.
lol I was amped up for you
Praying for you and your Mom-in-law!
Can't wait to meet you, Jamie! Welcome to Denver!
#snl is pretty good tonight
Got a little rain from the hurricane, not much
Have you ever seen a 85-year old man do one arm push-ups?
how anyone can go more than one or two days without a shower is beyond me
LOVE how strong the Skins have been on turnovers this season!!!
i never twit and i heard that
fine tunes by the one & only RT : . is killin' it right now. Funk and soul. This must be a new show?
Hahahaha so true!
Scared of change.... you shouldnt be! Major suppliers cannot work the way that we do, no personal service, little flexibility with pricing..
VIA for brunch? Don't mind if we do! 11 to3, regular and brunch menu, full espresso bar and 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas!
Pitoitua had 19 tackles and a sack for #Jets last season after coming back from torn Achilles in 2010 preseason.
Retweet someone once, they will notice you, Retweet someone a few times they will remember you ~
The ave. TV viewer age for championship events over the last 4 yrs fell within the 25-54 demographic. Young ppl are willing to watch live.
Haha, me too, but I want to see if I'm right or if Shane throws a curveball! The man is capable of such things!
I'm off today
whaaa? don't believe it! But I will check it out...lol
