Love this.
Oh my Jesus I'm so hot! Fuck you La heat!!!
: Hey! We're heading towards the Metreon now if you're still up for a drink!
Guy Friend--Bestfriend---True friend--Crush-- Im screwed.
Hahahaha!n Just found this ... CLASSIC!
it was lousy. The resistance was not even through the range of motion. Never tried Bowflex.
Last night I was at the Denver Improv,tonight the comedy store in Hollywood,tomorrow thru Sunday I'm at the comedy cave in Canada!
Feel like we've been very quiet for a while! How is everyone doing?
How the crap do I change my password!?:0
Follow me us on twitter
I want some earings...
hahah! Thank goodness Mariah was there to help! ;)
By the way all #'s are "unofficial" since the only thing worse then my spelling is my math! :)
SOO. DO YOU LIKE ONE DIRECTION? LOL
It's going to be an incredible car, that is for sure.
thanks:D no strangers k?:)
hm, might have to actually go to the store to check out... Gap fits me inconsistently.
“: Worlds will be on ESPNU at 10 am EST time tomorrow.”
aw he is an awesome guy! Tweet me or text me and remind you to put you on the list.
LaMar Miller is a beast!
That akward moment when u go to certain laredo bars. See a girl u like & u say to them "Can I see some ID"
So awesome seeing on here!
Anyone going to the gaame?
A car drives into the Silver Creek Metro Park Lake, killing the female driver! I'm live at the park on at 6!!
Oh yeah! They were setting up for that today!
Meanwhile in Gville the Gators are dominating in every aspect of life.
If you don't have any plans for the weekend, we'd love to have you join us at the Mind Tripping Show at the
And this-->Q4 Creating relationships w/students so they feel comfortable coming back to you when they need help. RT
the blogs were hot yesterday talking about her dating a woman, when in reality, its nobodys business
friggin chillin now that im done with classes for the year! woo!
WTF UR KIDDING I WAS TOO ! -__- go look at my fb!?
Read-through of comedy sketch script for Sketch 22: 3 minutes. Halfway there. 19 hours and 14 minutes 'til show time.
Hope the lakers continue to get slapped
i keep getting these 'looking for sex' ads following me, i block them all and they keep coming! aghh wtf!?!
Lot's of sore legs from last night! I'm not going to get any e-cards today.
Patriots sack of Manning is huge for them.
Look! and Meryl Streep had a baby together!
Txt me
A phrase I'm tired of reading: "coveted A rating." As opposed to what? All those uncoveted A ratings?
i am in sf, no car so i can get to san jose for that one
hey Madison! You should come back out to Chi town missin you Boyz !
Thanks for the retweet sir! Shall we catch up over a bottle of scotch when you return to L.A.?
Of course it wasn't bad! Actually came up twice.I have a friend that should REALLY attend your event next wk..up-and-coming band...
I'm in Mass working on new material. Experimenting is so much fun!! Keeping it fresh ya know 
i def come away with some wins. haha
no need when the community college + high schools are happy to print for us at cost with 30,000 machines - if need we will buy though
I saw a 6 year old boy dancing were i used to dance
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks to all who have served in our armed forces! You help make it possible for me to do what I love.
...+ expresses the dynamism of your research. Ultimately, also means you have multiple resources to access during the grant.
Cody Simpsons going to be at the state fair !!😃😃😃😍😍
I keep misreading Eva Longloria & Evan Langloria,,, and mis-spelling as well..
Happy #Humpday everybody! Almost the weekend, what are you getting into today?
I completely understand! I felt the same way and then I found so many people who lack the knowledge and willingness to make...
Chuck D: When you teach people about black music, which is American music, you teach them American history.
My mother judges people too much.
": Had a great lunch - the fried banana cheesecake was delish! - thanks "thanks for coming!!!!!
Tweeting in all caps?
your grammar is gooder than mine!
#everyonehasthat1familymember whose secretly adopted
Hi there! I'm stalking...um...I meant, following you. lol
I could go on...
lol you a mess , why are you networking in school ?
why am i still up?
Boomgarden takes the first set over Schnarr, 6-1. Hogendorn is giving Rodgers all he can handle in the other No. 1 singles semifinal.
... What's two years? He's the same maturity as some seniors I know.
loll where are you from
Yeah!! Screw school!
I don't eat swine, and I did tell ya ass a while ago.
Happy birthday have a great one [:
I don't want to see Kasey Kahne in a bikini...
does anyone use flavors.me?
Sadly, George Lindsey (Goober) from The Andy Griffin Show has died at 83 in Nashville, TN.
while ABC's #Bunheads doesn't really entice me, im really looking forward to watching the CW's
5 MORE BELIEBERS PLEASE GO FOLLOW ---> THEY FOLLOW BACK!!!
Congrats on your new venture! Also you look like Ron Swanson and that is a good thing. :)
Have to bring it every game no matter who's on the other side, relax and you spend the afternoon thinking what could have happened.
RT : 15 million US kids have a psychiatric or learning disorder. We #SpeakUpforKids to ensure they get help.
I can please only one person per day. *Today is not your day.*Tomorrow, isn't looking good either.
Porkchips, bacon, and ham-hawks, H.A.M. I am.
Thank you so much!!(:
That is good to hear my grace-Tyrion Lannister is so awesome. I want to slap the King just like his mother did, bastard, HA!
UofL-UK football game moved to Sunday, Sept. 2 at 3:30 on ESPN
We hope we see more of you! Glad you enjoyed the
No problem, and thanks for coming on a food tour!
Playing a session on , while and play Mario Kart. I tried to do both at the same time, but play was worse
Brand Advocates Are Hot Again [INFOGRAPHIC] Part One: Who are advocates and why they matter. Brand advocates are hot and trending
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Sonicare Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
nope bae I ain't get no text.
I'm down! Trying to do more business with Nigerian recording artists. I really dig the music coming from that part of the world.
not true Tony! i just plain old suck at paying attn to the internet;) how've you been?
Coffee became more popularly accepted after it was deemed an agreeable Christian drink by Pope Clement VI in 1600.
Celebrated 21 years with my honey yesterday! Looking for 21 more years of adventure!!
what??:D
Empty words, empty promises
Goo Goo has on my blouse! Yeah, I can be a stylist too! LOL!
Red Line flashmob Thurs 2/16 5pm at Central & Fleet wear something red come on and ride!
In VB. A race my little cousin really wanted me to do w/ him. He twisted my arm. Ha. Kidding.
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be... It's even harder to picture that you're not here next to me.
what's the deal with money, I mean hey!
What is my life? -_-
Am honored! RT Taking care of some bloggy things so I can go finish Housewife Assassin's Handbook!
Lmfao. I did most of it.
they just called lol
Gary Houston had me in tears :'(
That Jimmy Carter remark is a perfect example of why Romney is so easy to dislike
Yours?? Luv to hear from you
totally envious!! Are You Ready?
Test tomorrow!
In our annual tradition, our sales staff will be dressing up for Halloween! We'll be in costume this Saturday. Can you guess who we'll be?
Often we don't realize the consequences our actions have on others. If your decision affects another, be aware of that & act accordingly.
Love that show. When does your ep air?
chloe is such a flawless dancer! i would love to come see her perform next competition in chicago, im there! (:
The fact that there is a plant that looks like a bird is just awesome!
Finally watching the #sheenroast!
Finally made it home.... Relaxing now. Ice skating tonight
Hey tweeps, in your opinion, what's Rick Ross' hottest verse to date?
shambles shambles shambles.
Southwest is the chinatown bus of the air
I like to imagine JaVale and Pam McGee celebrate Mother's Day by driving wrong way through fast food drive-thru windows, glaring at folks
for a moment i almost felt like someone loved me
Thanks for coming out! What was your fave?
Last day in Anaheim, then a break from the travel marathon.
nice to meet you too
no i put cold water on my face now im awake. XD
Hey please follow and retweet me!!!<3 thanks even though u will never ever in a million years see thins=(
Hey - are you on the East Coast?
Spongebob fans? -A
Looks really good - I'm jealous!
We are now ! Same great staff, same outstanding programs. Follow us at for all the latest.
At this time tomorrow Albert and Matt will be hitting back-to-back homers!!! Positive thinking!
Always cool to see how much you really can do with HTML5 and JavaScript
no shit! i agree
The first guy to pledge a staff free of advisors from goldman/sachs, fannie/freddie, and other wallstreet scum.... gets my vote!
feels like a true homeowner again -- he mowed the lawn.
Jesus christ this girl beside me smells like ass
Every year I try to reach goals I didn't reach the year before. My rise is a slow and steady one, but I'm rising nonetheless
we're going together !
April 15, 1976 - Remodeled Yankee Stadium opens. The Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 11-4.
Dude watering his grass in the rain.. Wtf
Everyone's SHOCKED and simultaneously hating on SHOCKey. I guess I'm the only one thinking that's kind of funny & ridiculous...
however, Michael, the Steelers are also in the clubhouse with 6 Lombardis...
Recreate your first date together. Try to incorporate as many details as you can: clothes, place, etc. Spend the evening reminiscing and...
C-USA conf call @ 230pm w/Commish Banowsky. We'll have a full recap afterwards.
love this. thank you for setting a wonderful example for artists all over the world.
“Practice being excited.”
everybody go follow ! she's following back!
Stop act'n like a clown,this aint no free show.
thanks man! Thanks for the RT too
I don't know. I just thought first dates would be simple and easy.
That's sort of what drives any company's safety policies.
RT #huguely's roommate, Kevin Carroll, is now on the witness stand
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
Uh huh
hell yeah bro. This my second pair. Lemme know if anybody want em.
It gives me life!
Thanks for using ShowClix!!! Have a wonderful #NYE at Light's All Night!
Bellingham, WA couple sentenced in connection w alien harboring & illegal employment."Such conduct cannot be tolerated"
#snow again in #Denver, are your #kids warm enough today?
heard from my lovey love... so good to hear his voice.
Bummer :( How's your world treating you??
Congrats, and nice pic! Uluru, I presume? Looks like a few Aussie pigeons have decided to help you celebrate.
yeah, it was my first day at SHS, and I came home and my mom was like "Doom?"
I now raise my glass to you baby
Crowd is going wild for Lilly Goodman
I'm going banana pancakes right now :( ah Jeff!!
I re-sealed it for Madison to open. 
On my drive home from grand junction I'm finally with in range of 1043 the manning! #cutthatmeat!
just have to make decisions about which hotel. I'm gonna look some more this weekend and I'll email you guys some options so we
#realtalk are you TRYING to hurt my feelings? no tramp stamp, just a stamp.
not quite cinco de mayo yet... I'm just preparing myself ;)
If you feel my Unfollow was in error, pls DM me. Just did a lot of Twitter house-cleaning.
I know, right?! They don't come to MPLS that often!
Come 2 Craft Show ! RT : Due to the inclement weather, Earth Day events at the Zoo are cancelled.
YEA THEY ARE!!
Julia just asked me what twitter was . . . Idontknww if she was being for real or joking
so weird being at home right now.. #usuallywithmybf #needsalife lol
The creative concept you spend the most time on and feel the most confident in is the one the client will reject at a glance.
you do like to drink.
Do you enjoy nude body surfing?
and rocking in manhattan tonight!!! ReCoup Lounge 210 Rivington Street New York, N.Y. 10002 9pm
mobile services was the bookmobile for a long, long time
Last minute show tomorrow night Brick Bar with buds Hotdog Skeletons. This will be fun. Honest.
dude that was weeks ago! You better not be bringing something new into the station!!
It sucks that I have been up for awhile. I am still on MN time.
Damn fake sports bars. Go KINGS!!!!!!
The Toulouse killer is still in a stand off with police. Hasn't it been over 24 hours? Why can't the french police just go in and get him!
I'm reeeaaaalllll tired of losing to Michigan State
It looks like your RN Badges are coming today! Will you take pics and tag on FB? facebook.com/janetlover
The Warehouses is a new venue in Santee, CA
I said when u were in Colo Spgs 2003 & I met u - YOU ARE A NATIONAL TREASURE - 4 what u do 4 troops/country.
We are supporting the Englewood Fire Department on tonight's show!
3 minutes into the day and I already feel like an idiot
FINALLY, Tampa/St. Pete gets da rain!!
aw wow your not having a good week
Shedding tears right now watching this 😢
Xmas Tweets: Wife is laughing like Krusty the Clown. So I'm eating like Homer.
It's a manchester orchestra kind of day.
I think all those work for me if you can do 9:30am. Graze works for me, unless you have another nearby preference.
Register for business event of Spring: Fri 5/11 5 pm Clipper Stadium. Incl. networking, food, speaker, cash bar, ballgame...
sitting at home so I can do something tomorrow night! Haha
wait what? What excruciating pain?
Choosing to be single isn't selfish, it's just smarter to be alone than with the WRONG person.
how u goona pass up on a dodger game!
Tomorrow will be EPIC!
I picked you up after ten minutes. I didn't even leave the parking lot.
#MillionHoodies march 4 #TrayvonMartin. So powerful. Trayvon's mother spoke. A woman w/ a "Remember Emmett Till" pin listened. Cops watched.
where's the green
G+ employee!!! That's hilarious
lol. Cause he saw these tweets !
Yeah no lie! And if you did omgzzzz I would die.xD haha
Also interested in anyone who would like to share their gardening tips and perhaps write a feature for us!!
Moving so slowly today. I wish I had bought more maté when I finished mine off last month. I need some get-up-and-go!
Home at last. Been a long week, but a good one!
What on Earth are you talking about?? Freebies?? I was freaked last night & tired today.
When is the last time you just sat and talked with someone? Face to face; no.cell phones, no lap tops, just conversation.
I get off work at 11
Are these Phoenix normal announcers? Could they pretend to be impartial?
David Fricke of Rolling Stone in the house @ Continental Club ... Mike Mills & Chuck Prophet somewhere ...
I feel the same way :)
Had the time of my life w/my bf invitational
You too,, got home..so now the day is automatically better :)
#Insolvency for #Medicare is 2024; #SocialSecurity is 2033; SS #Disability 2016. Will & Congress ignore? RT
I'll be bombing around Austin for most of the afternoon and into the evening tomorrow with our new threads. Tweet at me!
Sitting home on a Saturday with kids hope everyone else enjoys their weekend........mood....bored
rawr! Wherever that is - I'm cool with that :)
I cant stand kids that think its okay to take my kids toys. Lets Teach
Mario Andretti looks like he just came out of the freezer. Scary shit.
Yes, I've heard a rumor about a certain national holiday tomorrow. You & ;o)
It IS popping!
Senior Week is a good thing.
Why can't I have one of those productive types of insomnia?
what do you think they can get for him? Wish they could get a redskins offer
wow i love Starbucks this is a awesome cake
Wow the Euro sinks to $1.30....par by Christmas?
lsu > bama. going diesel on them tomorrow!
Looking fwd to seeing and beat the timbers tomorrow. Hope to get autograph sumday too.
For sure, trying it out now
It must have been 80's morning on 98.9 Liberty. Every song was 80's. Felt like I was playing Vice City.
(Oh, and the show is this Saturday.)
we love you too...I think we should all show up to Mittens events with scissors ;-))
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it for someone else. - Benjamin Franklin
why thank you :)
I have been listening to the Disney Pandora station for 7 hours straight.. I'm ready for The Lion King now !!
YEAH BABY!!!
Right on point #in RT ": The 3 A's of metrics (and Data) Actionable, Auditable, Accessible. #bizforum"
I was baaaaddd last night. Shit got weird real quick
Check out our new logo!
Thanks for the mention!
Join us on our spacious patio at 7:30pm for tonight's showing of Tombstone! We'll be offering free popcorn as well as our full menu!
of course she does...
looks great! Can't wait to see it when you guys reopen!
Agree! : Tech staff at was really on the ball and knowledgeable.
my friend Bob is. He has been conservative for a long time, but he wasn't pro-union until he became a cop.
And I wont make that mistake again
Apparently the sole purpose of Facebook is to tell you what your friends are listening to on Spotify.
"Did u realize that you were a champion in their eyes - Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib"
#ThingsWomenWant A New House In Southern California in this nice weather With beautiful people
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana we as bananas
The Strangling Rose, or something like that. ;-)
: Want to have SW ATL info? Keep your watercraft (ship, yacht, dugout canoe, bamboo raft) docked on the "island."
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop. Belgium and booze from 9 to 2.
#1DMix933 choose me please :-)
Everyone follow doin his thang great music
I break for insurrection.
Jajajaj i feel naked. And have "9 new mentions"
Ugh bitch you make me sick!
you're welcome. Same to you.
yes I'll go on a manhunt
That's alarming; considering I pretty much count bacon as a food group. Study seems weak tho, ie no accting for BMI or diabetes.
Nothing like a splash of hot coffee in the eye to wake one up in the morning (maybe not set the cup down so hard next time?)
welcome to CLE! Its almost always sunny here. Lets go drink some limomcello in Little Italy!
I got all of those wrong, and Best Actor & Actress wrong. Praying they don't cost me the pool title.
Do us a favor #FF Thank you kindly.
than you'll love my songs :)
We made it. Living the urban life now in Ft Worth. Couldn't have don't it amazing parents/in-laws. Extremely thankful for them.
i like 2 follow ppl from milwaukee
Phil Keisling from PSU is here talking about Medical Reform
hey. I will check with BOE and get back to ya.
the only disadvantage to being super excited and motivated all the time is that you don't really get much sleep!
Tim Tebow reminds me of the Brendan Fraser character from the movie Blast from the Past.He may not be a good QB but, he is for real.
yes this is ridiculous.
LeeAnn Lands of : universities need to incentivize and acknowledge community engagement
Aw dang, thanks ": kasher quoted your article onstage, not angry "
27th. RT “: Where do you put Wilt's 100 point game among the greatest records in the history of sports?”
OK .... CAN YOU HELP ME???!!! CUZ I WANNA TELL HIM THIS HE IS VOTED FOR BEST HOT GUY AND VOTE PLZ
Ah shit happens. I'm good though. I've done without for a year I can keep on truckin'.
In other news, there's currently a giant cow statue in the middle of the mall.
noo phone. ah.
Continually amazed... or is it amused? Or confused? Probably a little of all three....
Fuck the giants
Don't forget to sign up for the Mayor's Spring Cleanup. The cleanup is Saturday, April 21. Call 311 to register.
Greetings on the Sunday of the Blind Man!
Bout 2 get this Lil run n
Remembering CC on this sad day. Watched C-span of folks reading names of the deceased by the beautiful waterfalls at the memorial.
I usually pee with no hands too.
My cat has the hiccups :-)
Find out the economic factors at play in private equity and how they impact exit strategies. Join this webinar for free:...
He's stolen and screwed up every game I own because he has an action replay but lost his games.
tweeting at work? You're so naughty! Come home! I need you now xxoo
Iron Bridge Wine Company last night ringing in the New Year. Good company with several members of the Fauquier Chamber.
Happy Chocolate Day today? Now, that's a day worth celebrating! :D
follow back homie?
It's Spaghetti Pie 2.2 time!
where are my pics at?
Welcome to twitter! Get a picture up when you can - people are suspicious of those sans avatars.
Make more money by adding hair extensions to your services or buy our Invsi-weft hair & brand it with your own name! Email
Bouta sharpen my image up got a big girl interview tomorrow @ a Nissan dealership!
I'd rather have someone who -shows- me they care than someone who just says it <3
This whole having track at 8:30 everyday is really annoying
there you look beautiful with that smile! I've been good, had a tough day too 😔
Happy Leap Year! An Extra Day to Assist Our Clients!
let's argue about politics. It's about time.
#RHOAReunion a gay guy Marlo Really ?
#Knicks lose this I'm punching
Next thing you know, White Castle will be serving Angus chili. Oh, wait.
Aw your welcome!Maybe we will see each other soon ! I hope you had fun! & btw I filmed them singing and im putting it on ytube
what the fuck just happened with my twitter
« I ain't perfect but, I'm loyal.»
Oh thank you =)
if the #49ers dont play AT LEAST, GREAT defense, they will not win.
No worries, its all good.
I think it's quite possible that I'm just not a very effective user of Twitter.
Truth is...NONE of them honestly serve the PEOPLE anymore, so you're bitching about the wrong things! ;)
lol EWW I miss you to(:
Didn't realize Mel Tucker (new Jax Jags HC) went to ! Go Jags!
of course! Thanks for all your help and hard work on our beautiful website.
That's very considerate of you!!! :)
“: Wade was talking crazy to spo!!!!! He gets no respect” swear hes a bitch nigga
did yo video work ?
I probably could have counted those days but i was worried.
Good soccer morning fellows!
#SaintFrancis. 4 years of that place and now I can move onto what's gunna be some of the most difficult days of my life waiting ahead.
please rt my #shutter foundry tweets.
I think it's time to reincarnate princessjennytx.... Look out tweeps guess who is back & better than ever!!!!!
dat show is way b4 yo time
#PRODUCTIONTIPS Mixing with Headphones: Avoiding Disaster
Pimp me? Pretty please? I'm just looking for friends/family to roleplay with.
Watched baseball season opener from Miami. Not sold on the Marlins new stadium. Way too much lime green and the statue in CF? Hideous!
Makx Dekkers - sharing is important. Librarians know this but others still learning why this is so
Stewart on Stewart
Have a great Friday everyone! Don't forget it's #NationalEatWhatYouWantDay so choose wisely. ;)
Wonderful. But you should get Swing Zone #1. That's where it starts. Love Mia in that story.
it wouldn't appear to be in today's #GOP; primary results in evidence.
Design for Change (DFC) RT : What was the PBL / student led project website you shared that TIES earlier this year?
let me troll in peace lol
not smart. The difference between going #10 ($1.8M) and #30 ($800k) is huge and theyre basically locked into that for 4 yrs.
I was thinking about making Mountain Dew cake now. I guess I don't give a shit about my pool bod. 😳
#angryboys is just to freakin hilarious! Best new comedy out hands down.
Great video to start flexreceipts presentation...
hoping my knee feel better soon so i can run the #rocknroll #half in #DC this weekend!!! ugh
can't wait to do this panel with you and , , Let me know when your ready
Last #Friday #real #estate word unscramble was #mortgage - 2day's WORD: gciolsn HINT: transfer. Have a great #Labor Day Weeknd!
There may be, but I can always be your DD
COMING SOON! We're going to be having a Name That Tune contest. Stay tuned for details!
Like <3 iF You Want Me To Make You Your Own Personal Fan Sign <3
Sparkle "Be Careful"
Hush. HTML is fantastic, simple, and hand coding is the only way to go :-P
think your cool???
Someone tell me of I'm living in a dream!
#FollowFriday The best ride in the city.
excited to see it
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! Literally cannot wait. <3
Doubt God exists? Two words:"Amen Corner". "...not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these." Luke 12:27NIV
Thinking about starting some "monthly" podcasts and have two in mine. Looking for some co-hosts. Would anybody be interested in joining me?
Collection development tip: give Penguin complete security by boycotting purchase of anything they publish whenever possible.
nice job. Seriously. Already looking forward to next year.
just say haiiii(:
Yeah, he has to be 'cleaned' every now and then due to mold growths and such. Best preserved body next to mummies.
thought for sure you were hiding somewhere in the corner giggling...
our 3 song demo is in the mail! Who is running the Crayola Haus these days?
I miss my sister I miss tellin her everything, gettin a reality check n gettin honest non-bias advice from her. Come Home!
You so crazy, lol
"I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready!"
Wow! Looks like Jules Verne. : )
you will enjoy it.
I meant for the men. The women broke all kinds of records.
Very good news - CNN Poll: #Obama approval rating back to 50% mark for the first time in more than eight months.
I want her to like my friend though XD.
I just put nutmeg on my spaghetti -____- on accident
An App That's Got Your Back. This is a must for anyone who travels a lot or is is out late in unfamiliar or even familiar places...
Haha that didn't even make sense.
How do you step out of the traditional curatorial box and think differently about what curating can mean?
Thanks for the #ff mention Cheers to you from the band and
Fly to the UK in March! Whole rows to yourself, excellent service and ambien (ok maybe I brought the ambien)
will be at Barnes & Noble, Tanasbourne PDX on 9/25 at 1 pm & giving away some great new baby products!
When's the RHS graduation?
loves her Smith Publicity client
Getting chills thinking about this IU/UK game today! Let's go #Hoosiers!
Happy New Years to me.
recovered the pics of #rogerclemens i took in '05 just before he yelled at me! gotta watermark these bad boys & try to market a few...
": Twitter is the reassurance of how stupid people are." Just like 's #JerseyShore : )
if ur in NY then we should b around the same time
Oh no!
Thanks Nicole! It's going to be a great year for both of us!:)
when is the video for the iconic boyz back to school gunna be up on youtube and if it is where
am i the only person sick of #SecretLife?
Rise and shine! Happy Monday Milwaukee!
curious to know your thoughts. At least they used "1st gen canadian" rather than "1st gen immigrant."
Abraham Lincoln's statement "When I hear a man preach, I like to see him fight bees," meaning, with gestures of earnestness, which has alway
well which boston are you thinking of ? Aha and hey x
When I'm at Home On a School Day, I Look At The Clock And Think, "Haa! Those B*tches Are In Math class
I hate myself for not doing part of this assignment in the past two weeks and saving in the night before its due
I really wanna dye my hair red again for summer
I'm so sorry that I chould not follow up your tweets... I really want to... Damn it!
Remind me to call you next time I need manual labor at a conference ;-)
Please join me with saxophonist Chris Greene on Tuesday March 27 at the Jazz Showcase as we merge our 2 bands for a blowout concert 8 pm
time to bless the softball diamond again
You are a true gourmand! I thought it was all a ruse.
It's funny that you're getting a slushier.
super down! :3
I didn't know there were that many phallic shaped foods and I have a dirty mind..
We're actually closed Mondays. How does Tuesday sound?
which muslims are you talking to?
#RIPANGEL you will be missed pretty girl :(
it's been a while! I have a new account going, it's :) please follow my other account :) thanks!
no, thank you for all you do for us and for our community!!
You may want to give a follow. The wittiness is definitely peaking as it prepares for the big show.
Artificial or live tree?
Want your hot chocolate w/o the guilt? Use skim milk and no sugar added Nestle's Quik for a yummy cold weather treat.
Ugh, if it rains anymore the house is going to just up and float away....
Just saw Towson University covered on ESPN for all the wrong reasons...extending their Division I Mens Basketball losing streak to 40 games!
B you're self Shid everybody else is taken
#fridayreads The Romance of the Forest
: I'll wager the League of Extraordinary Gent + Dorian Gray + vampire mashup will occur sometime in our futures.
“: Sorry. Why do I LOSE everything” story of my life mags
Ehh my boo said he got a big ass he wishes c;
One Direction & Latinas.
It might when empty. Imagine being a rock inside a beer can. Not a fun ride.
I learned grounding techniques today from a singer friend of mine who does sound healing. Amazing what the voice can do.
We have some watermelon. *ponders* ;) RT : i want some fruit salad
love that feeling!! :)
I think I need glasses I keep seeing two faced people ...
Line out the door at #Chipotle, walked straight to the front for my bowl. Love smartphones and online ordering
Happy Leap Day! Have you taken a leap forward to your goal of becoming a nurse? Call us today (888) 682-2761 to learn about the ABSN Program
if you need any guests for your podcast maybe you could help us promote our film this summer when it's available
#RT If it's your birthday today.
Dreamt that I was shot to death last night. Gotta stop watching #Justified before bed.
wow, there are some fucked up cat noises going on outside my house
for sure! You should see it and we can compare over twitter! Cross country critics!
I seen a boy cry for the lost of his father all because of Bs. #LiveResponsibly Never know how u can affect ppl or how they can affect u.
#highered #web Design program for Athletics sites: Italic Sans-Serif outline fonts, drop shadows, photo backgrounds, lots of black. MY EYES!
one is very strong minded & one is a straight BOSS! BOTH are very successful!
Chelsea takes the lead!
#1ofmyflaws I eat too much
from 375 to 795 these r truly hand crafted by me sold only by me services by me
I dig that my students feel comfortable enough to disagree with me from time to time.
Damn Whitney Houston passed away. Another legend is gone.
Boylan Heights is the best restaurant on the Corner. Discuss.
All your wonderful notes congratulating me on 594 in USBC Open singles have been overwhelming; couldn't have without you or my crazy skill.
Well, that was a fun series. NOT
If it is not remarkable, it is invisible.
Thank you WPA supporter, Katherine, for her 6-word story: "Learning to love no matter what!" Submit your stories to .
I know it! SO busy! Lots of exciting projects on our plate. I guess that's not a bad thing. How about you?
goon squad bondingg
no sir you know that :p
Peyton Manning is a class act.
At one point I want to learn to dance...(Hip hop, none of that tap dance or ballerina stuff -.-)
i have a play to be studding but not know
All you Niggas better leave the state, no need to masturbate, fucking with Biggie it's time to castrate.
courtside at the sixers game watching the heat blow them out
About To Make The Mixtape Cover For Martian Muzik
Gotta loose few pounds before the - after the show - the best soul food on the planet, m
Client also said "BIW enabled close collaboration of project team working from London, Edinburgh, Princeton, Washington and San Francisco"
:-( RT : It's about to get real up in here. Just got a sit rep sent to my email from the state about the weather.
27 hours without electricity, kinda sux...
lol glad no was there
The word 'swag' sounds like an alternative to douching.
Geoff's at Pangaea, Ryan's at Dad's and the T7 Tap Room is open tonight. Three places to grab Track 7 tonight!
I forgot to mention #HappyFridayEve!
Why are snakes hard to fool ? They have no legs to pull !
damn, loo! His name is Sincere!
Today: brainstorm a new logo for myself. Need updated biz cards, and obviously the new site. Busy, busy, busy.
At the Visual Studio 2010 Launch in Arlington - line for dudes in the bathroom after each presentation - no wait for women.
Hey everyone if you update to Sneakerology 2.0 and you like it, leave a cool review in itunes. thanks
Use code: TVHEADZ at the check out and get a 15% off any shirt. Awesome shirts for less than $20.00! Stay tuned! -The TV.
Laura Bradley singing BOTH American and Canadian national anthems at tonite's Heat/Rapter game (but cheering for Miami!)
Attention Account Execs ->. RT : It is better to have less thunder in the mouth and more lightning in the hand. - Apache
thanks Susan God takes care of little things. He was closing pitcher.
#trust - will you be breakdancing?
Just caught your interview with Rose and Millar from the beginning of Rangers series. HILARIOUS stuff. Go O's!
this season in particular with the Packers schedule
#ItSeemsLike life always finds a way to teach you the lessons you need to learn.
Fucked up LOL: Blackberry is like the little engine that could....only app they got is the Bible...and who reads that”
oh crap. this is really going to mess up my compass.
~can you give us a hint. is this song upbeat like why wait for slow like here comes goodbye? can't wait for the album & single
Parking at kac now so I have spot for when the maac champs get home
that is a solid 18 or 19 inches man!! hahaha!
Went back to bed after Cami went to school. I'm so tired that I could honestly sleep all day. Gonna force myself to get in gear and run.
I love waking up to my sons smiles and Giggles :)
Picking up Katie from JFK later! My Topcat is coming to visit!
today is his birthday and I wasn't able to do it... SO sorry!
Weirdest version of "Material Girl" I've ever heard
Sweet gherkins! I'm not sure if I should pretend to ignore or call the police on these noises from the apartment upstairs...
alright you've got me...
How's Thursday going?
Obama raises $3.1 mil and assures Spike Lee that his money "will be fine" after taxes.
Congrats to all the new meteorologists RT : RT I can now officially call myself a meteorologist!
Thanks...It is such an evil disease.
52 miles to Norman
Long time, no talk. ha, where do you see Richardson being drafted in Fantasy drafts next year? :)
Kay good !
I hope you can too!
When we start something that is really good for us, God meets us and helps us keep it going. Break some old habits and start some good ones.
my dad just got twitter lol..
yeah dass right , you clean up after me. And thats how its gonna be.
Truth is, I act all strong and confident outside but inside I'm dying for that one boy to come and set my actually personality free ...
Yay. Just met from q 106 :)
Texas & Americana Music roots go really deep, so let's keep watering it. Growth is a beautiful thing.
wow, if that isn't blatant use of ownership just trying to make money instead of sound football decisions, i dunno what is.
Getting ready for half hour run and yoga after that :)
I really want a job like now!!
RECIPE: Princess Meringue Cake
And sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. Real Talk Im just saying!
I want to !!! ": Evelyn and Cam Newton are hosting Club Play tonight on South Beach tonight, is anybody going?"
Thanks for the follow! Honor us with your presence :)
Itz Saturday....80 degreez....off work...pocket full of $$$...whip shining...Time 2 Head Downtown!!
Why miss out on the fun. You deserve to have a good time.
It's not how far you fall, it is definitely how high you bounce!
Happy Mother’s Day! “Mother’s hold their children’s hand for a short while, but their hearts forever.” – Unknown
WAIT. Is your real name chris or am i stupid..?
... Shane, I'll cheer on your behalf!
Craig, it's sounds like you are inviting everyone. That might not work unless there is a LOT of ice scream.
Yup i hit em on fbee
C-A-P-S Caps Caps Caps!
Lol you said do it
#Genius is fantastic!I use with SFDC and integration is simple.Very cost effective.Easy tools,tracker is key.DM me for more.
man i need shade,and a vacae
Thank you for following.
so close to getting my username right :)
is blowing up twitter like an atomic bomb
GOOD NIGHT ALL SCHOL IN THE AM.. TILL TOMORROW PEACE OUT!!
if I say it was there will you give me free tickets? seriously tho, Papadosio and Deaf Scene was awesome! more jam/funk plz
I am getting the resume looking pretty!
Its gone. My perfect dress is sold out. I found it online last night and was going to buy it today. Awful... terrible no good VERY BAD DAY
:) I hope it turns out well. Fear is creeping in about now.
I dare you to get a leash and take your cat out for a walk
spare another energy bar today?
whoa that's horrible! Where r u from?
I missed my 9k tweet. 😒
god night :) xx
My "80's Awesomeness" playlist on Spotify is ah-mazing.
I might be able to help.
I be searching up shit they dont teach us in school.
I would but my roommate is making dinner. I was jut trying make you feel guilty. ;)
Hair in the City is moving...moving...moving! Stay tuned for more details. Ph# stays the same: 690.0252 www.hairinthecity.me
WHERE DO YOU WANT TO RETIRE? Investment opportunities in HAWAII... LIMITED space AVAILABLE! PRICES ARE RIGHT!
#bluejackets lose again. Unreal, they had it all but locked up.
He's struggling today but it's amazing to watch him grind even when the knuckler isn't working.
You know theirs going to be a problem when a girl says i love you on the first date!
Never let down on faith because even through the hardest times I promise you He will be there confidence is so powerful
Oh, i hate all my teachers!!!
Give your heart a break <3
Paper = done ...and a half hour before my target time
CMU, EMU, WMU, U of M, MSU, LIONS, and TIGERS all had victories this weekend. wow.
TRAFFIC: EB Belt @ Todd Dr: Disabled vehicle on the right side of the road with police at the scene - some delays
I'm ready for spring training!!!!!
Is all wet from an outdoor soccer nike shoe testing. Brrrrr!
can't wait till #BOYFRIEND comes out!! dying to hear it :D
How do you do what?
I'll take that company any day. :) RT : great minds think alike eh? Cc
All I do is vibe to young jeezy
The best way to stab someone in the back is to get behind them.
Happy Bday Ms. Lady!!
Beethoven's 5 Secrets - OneRepublic (Cello/Orchestral Cover) - The Piano...: via
Danielle follow back lady
That's not what the song means, idiot.
Good luck Arlington Fight Team Fighters fighting this weekend
hope it's all good little brother... Keep on keepin on
TV hits and misses on Canadian networks - Vancouver Sun
Good nite D.
Wish I cared... Wait, no I don't.
I keep on runnin' keep on runnin'
Thanks for this link! This was the exact same search I was going to do on if I ever got around to it. Hah!
in 15 years of teaching tonight was one of the best rehearsals I have seen with youth ANIMAL FARM THIS WEEKEND THIS IS MIND BENDING WORK
You're a dork. One of the many reasons why I love you and your music.
what a good episode of #criminalminds tonite ... flashback an profiling 101 (episode name)
oh i thought him since he was fast at running
Direct quote from "I love fricking Twitter." Truly a woman in the right job.
I will thanks ^^ did u hear Taec hurt him self in Japan :"(
I Dot even know how but I saw that shit.
Cool tattoo, good conversation , I love this job...
On the grind. Working on ptn
Get Your Rocks Off with Stones Tribute Jumpin' Jack Flash w/ Tobacco Road 2nite-$5 - 10PM - 21+
Gonna be 1 busy ass day!!
what's up
Aww thank you :)
Hi, Alan. I just recently was introduced to Dubli and heard your presentation with John Cini. I'd Like to talk with you if you have time.
Nice to meet you guys on Saturday ! Cheers!
There's a child rapist in front of my building, either that or they're seriously sellin' ice cream today.
Hey Friends! #Follow A #Fun #AdultClub for everyone in #DTLA or visiting from #OuttaTown We recommend this
got a super tan... it hurts
Thanks for sharing.
Countdown to January 15, 2012 - 104 years of Service to ALL MANKIND! First Ladies of the Century Club - Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
I don't need your water. I'm an independent woman. Easy solution.
Even youths grow tired & weary. Even young men stumble & fall. But those who trust in the lord will renew their strength.
The Rangers just made these last 50 seconds A LOT more interesting.
I'm up for it. And if not #airAustin next year, perhaps #airSF in collaboration with later in the year?
by showing him some love on twitter and telling him I sent you (wink wink) lol
“: awesome looking forward to meet you all!
HE'S MAKING ME TALK ABOUT THE THING WTF DO I DO? He's legit trying to convince me we weren't drunk Cassidy.
Off to meetings and more meetings. CLosing out the end of the year..the beauty of owning companies
Is American Idol...""rigged"? How can Micheal be voted off.,then saved by the judges..and then make it thru the next week when two are gone.
Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett of course!
Scumbag Move by Phil Martelli for sure, funny how no philly writers or have said ANYTHING. COVERUP 4 A BUDDY
Fair use is a legal defense. #masslib12 (cc: )
:( i wanna go back to myrtle beach!
“We must become the change we want to see.” -Mahatma Gandhi
Yes, people need to realize that society itself, and its perceptions, change over time, which influence the rate of diagnosis.
You want tru that's tru enough.
Somebody pinch me! I just had Ming Tsai's Foie Gras Dumpling.
#MufasaDidntDieFor the Lakers to be losing to them Palace of Auburn Hills playin faggots
damn u hood hop'n. Lol. I went 2 Garfield
are you on sodmg right now of is that shit fake ?
But is it weird Best Actor nominee Demián Bichir brought his mom AND his girlfriend to the #oscars...where'd he score the extra ticket?
k call ya around 5 EST :)
She must be mad at me. ha Ole well (lights up a muthafuckin blunt)
cool! Who u on tour with now?
boy, I could use some of those good eats right about now!! Send me some!!
NeNe's -- go for both breakfast AND dinner. Promise you won't be disappointed. Also Snook Inn, Little Bar, and DaVinci's .
just got Eventide Time factor pedal a few weeks ago.. Unbelivable sundI'll look into this other Eventide pedal you talk abut
Yea that one is nice
Diamonds are FOREVER! She my bitch Forever!
haha! Pulling up to my internship!
I would
Nothing is more American than, Tax Evasion.
We were supposed to get Metrorail from downtown to the Turnpike but the county never started so the Feds took the money back.
It was so great to see you on Sunday. We'd love to plan a NoVA trip soon. Is there a weekend day that might work well for you?
i hate shitty weed dealers
Stop CISPA. 1984 was supposed to be fiction.
Big day of doing birth certificate applications for homeless people. Please send funding. Best Wishes to All.
Payback for Tino & Nelson;-) RT Thanks to my boys Hector and Jesus. You're welcome.
well you haven't been looking very hard... there are over 600 locations in 39 states per Wikipedia.
Regardless how it goes down life goes on>>>>>
Great breakfast apples and coke
hahaha your favorite of her sisters !? I better be more of your favorite than she is.
Use what language you will, you can never say anything but what you are. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beyond annoyed right now.
Now all I need is season 2 of #Zane'ssexchronicles
Girls rugby: Canby hosts Lady Barbarians of Beaverton at 5:30 in state title gm rematch. Cougars 3x state champs, 32-1 over past 4+ years.
watching Candy man: Farewell to the Flesh, that Is one scary movie
We help you connect with your like-minded & compatible partner- no hoops, lying, or time wasting- just love. Are you ready to be matched?
Your welcome
Thanks a lot, Nakia! We hope you enjoy the ride, and stay in touch with us!
Yeah she came out today RT : WAIT IS SHE REALLY
right on.
I will! I told my mom I wanted to come to your graduation, but I'd cry like a baby. 
"we've gone from teaching the whole child to teaching the whole test-taker" #naisac12 - CAIS President
Now is the time to buy a home or investment property. Rates are at historic lows giving you more purchasing power.
CONGRATS! LET THE STRESS BEGIN!
awesome man!
you remembered your password, I see :)
"I have read a fiery gospel writ in burnished rows of steel: As ye deal with my contemners, so with you my grace shall deal"
lols chase took my phone and followed himself then he turned around and followed Aaron for me haha. :) so yeah hush.
was one of the best shows of my life go see
Kansas St definitely wins the award for most intimidating coaches on the bench. It kind of looks like the cast from The Expendables!
thank you(:
Called my mom to tell her I popped my shoulder out but I am fine. Her response, "Can I call you back, I'm in line at Starbucks"
guess who's back on twitter!!!!
That's OK. If we waited to see how everything in SM shakes out, we'd never publish anything. Means more opps for you to write :)
#Waytooearly prediction: NFL Defensive ROY: 1)N. Suh Lions 2)Eric Berry KC 3)Sergio Kindle Ravens dark horse)R McClain Raiders
I don't understand how you can sit on the couch all day and watch t.v. Do something with your life!
fuck yeah RT“: What a half!”
#whsummit 55 topics for discussion! BDT-linking people to assistance, Campbell's on ending hunger & obesity in Camden & entrepreneuworks
My Earth Day was "honored" by being confused about #Pittsburgh weather. Fri: 80 degrees & Sunny. Sunday: 40 degrees and raining.
I have a date with 27 of my favorite people in the Grand Canyon this weekend! There's no saying what the supermoon has in store for us.
well I mean my house is pretty boring, but feel free to come over anytime!
OMFG IF SO, I'LL FLIP. MY NAME IS ALLISON :D
The zombies still haven't attacked...i guess they gave up
Our 1st microgrant dinner is 1 month away! We'd appreciate any and all shout outs to help spread the word! Thx in advance!
what song? I was in yoga
-- what a class act! Loved your performance brother. You've got a beautiful soul and will preserve.
Woman who shot us the finger during the Madonna concert is an asshole. No long convos, meds or therapy required. She is an ass. Questions?
Eurhythmics midterm part 1 you may ask?? DONE!
hang in there
What are your thoughts on the contract extension for #Brewers manager Ron #Roenicke? SportsRadio
Perm role: Application Support (.Net) in suburb of Philly. I can get interviews...you'll have to do the rest.
Chk out my Voices of Prayze Grls. Levis cover w/Jason Mraz "Spirit in the Sky" www.youtube.com/user/LevisPioneerSessions#p/u/5/5DiSYyKn4K8
Green Arrow is like Super Batman.
I was laughing😂, but I was helping.my whole knees got wet!
Maybach luxury cars: Top of the line Maybach
I like the last one with the snoop dog beat. Greeny, don't get discouraged because Golic has no sense of music.
Mine and his bio>>>yours
Be dressed in purple
Do what says ... Got to go get #ushers new cd (; so hot!!! Love it!!!
#iftheyshutdowntwitter I'm gonna have to go buy a lot more post-its.
RT : Each "Check for updates" alert I get from MS Word is like a reminder that I should be using Google Docs.
don't even play...I would buy them!
I enjoyed myself tonight it was a success. :)
SO YOUR CAR DIDN'T START, SO YOU LOST YOUR JOB, MAYBE THAT'S GOD TELLING YOU HE HAS SOMETHING BETTER FOR YOU
I'm liking those pink breast cancer bats the MLB is using
We used to have that problem, LOL. Now we have a pad that we keep in the car & write down places we want to try. We pick from it
The rain up here will NOT prevent my mom from having a good day! I'll make sure of it! Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world!
#astd10 = Social media is Tech for 3 or more people
RT : Thundering up in bed!!
Live in the moment, but don't be IMPRISONED by the moment
Haha, I actually Googled it, but thanks! :D
Do you hear that ringing? No? I think I'm an X-man...
COME ON #GRIZZ! Our tip-off party is about to start - hope 2 see you there! Join us RIGHT NOW or at the Official After Party after the game!
I had some much needed family and best friend time today! <3 I had a tough weekend but it turned out good in the end. :)
very nice. I think that place would be a "must go" for sure.
Buck Hunting.
fuck that hand me money RT “: I just think its disrespectful to hit the c's with somebody that's not even a crip*thugg shurg*”
Like to run, walk, bike, and/or swim? Check out our fall events & register today!
The ugly bitches at my school are always together
Santana is working it!
so sorry but that is kinda funny .. aha
Somehow I managed to attract the attention of 8 employees to find a battery.
#FCdish love you too!
One of my students was kind enough to highlight, in very pale gray, those sections of his paper that were plagiarized. So thoughtful!
can't wait till #BELIEVE i know its going to be amazing! <3
OMG #THESITTER WAS HILARIOUS
Silent Witness, series 15, BBC One, preview: Josephine Moulds welcomes the return to our screens of Silent Witne..
only you would do that you cute rebel You
mane bitch fuckin match!.
Of course! What a great project.
I saw a license plate yesterday that said "I Miss New York", so i smashed their window and stole their radio
well duh, there is Paris, TN for a reason haha
55 million women are blogging (wow!)
Wishing all of you math buffs (like me) a Happy Square Root Day! 3-3-9!
Well #CraftBeer brings in all types just talked with Tom Barrett and his wife for a bit. Asked him what #beer he loves but didn't answer
when you're drinking tea and the ice decides to ninja attack your face..
I'm slightly quiet/shy so hopefully it somehow works out where I have fun ha
missed this few days ago... Sry to hear its the end for ! Great music & good times, on to new adventures!
It sure reinforces my divorce from paper to find out my 8 long boxes of comic books from the last 20 years are worth about $25.
Mittens&More will take anything u knit to help kids stay warm outside in winter. 10/30 deadline RT
great to have you on RT : Thoroughly enjoyed the conference call with
A couple more games like this and we'll just how important was when it came to leading the
Oh see now u finna get me started on ha ass um do u c thisRT : yo ls that like to roll up skinny's
Good grief tulo
Besides people at work, just a few. I know some MU ppl who are from Madison.
I a good bab x
I agree. Funny, had the it with some pizza last night.
Texting this girl .. ...
Only a ghetto trashy bird would side with
Good Morning #Philly :) We've got so much to do w/ so little time! Who's coming tomorrow night to the #TechInMotionPhilly Meetup?!
RT : Oh my the burger is amazing! Did you know??? Those onions changed my life!
Yes, definitely - and that only contributes to the sense of "different" and "wrong" and "failure"
You're in the ZONE! Ah-toe Zone!
Good Morning Friend!
Good morning. How are you? Can you follow please?
If I wanted to be with another guy, id be with him, not you.
Guys, don't talk to a girl who has a boyfriend. Girls, don't talk to a guy who has a girlfriend.
the person under this tweet is giving you head.
Oh and I WONT THE "MVP AWARD" its not much(;
#Foundation that provides long lasting & #excellent coverage bit.ly/fgRVBP
Dream come true! Listening to Bill Nye the science guy at Harvey Mudd commencement. Awesome!
go to sleep
the cards was dealt rite hahaa but i go back april 19th so im working on gettin lil scrappy up here the 17th bar
So she did leave! Haha
I drafted Peyton Manning as my QB. My fantasy hockey draft can't get here soon enough ...
One of the greatest reasons to use social for deals is to capitalize on the influence of friends.
HAHA!! Perfect!! We should write a duet. We could call it "Fuck this place and everyone in It"
RIP Mike Kelley. Thank you for altering my psyche back in college & later in NYC & for being so lovely when I met you with Mayo Thompson.
You can have the greatest singers in the world sing to a track and its a average show but you put a band with dynamics with them O MY!!!
no problem
Worrying About You Feels Like A Full Time Job.
Royals lost... Still had a good time though.
M thank u!
OK - all women from Indiana!! Let Your Voice be Heard in 2012 at the Indianapolis Global Women's Summit on June 16th.
It's really a supermoon.
they used to come out good , like extremely good until I went to some lady that fucked them up n others kept doing that shape -.-
actually that sounds AMAZING!
Now I'll have to collect it at baggage claim. They'd better not lose it this time. And they'd better not be delayed!
hope your weekend went swell!
Let's all watch it!
I had always been a write by the seat of your pants guy, but can already tell this one will be cleaner and tighter & I haven't lost interest
looks delish. Seeing that live would be a real mindfrick; I'd be paranoid of booby traps and funky ingredients.
Australian for Beer! Do it
I bet you been already. But what about Quebec City? It's beautiful this time of year
Chicago opening night!
You thought Draw Something was a time suck? Try out turntable.fm... It's like Spotify on crack. And you're the DJ.
In the eye of the storm...attitude of
Money can't buy u love cuz its over price!
What was your favorite museum in 2011? Make a donation today so it ends the year on a good financial note and you receive a tax credit!...
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!! :))))))
I'm seriously cracking tf up.
Thanks to for the follows. Raising a glass to you all. Happy Friday
Therefore, you can't sell me your bullshit.
This is the first Ive stated up past midnight in a long time. Real world.
Got all ten seasons of Friends.
RT : We've got 4 pairs of tix to the Maymont Flower & Garden show to give away! RT to enter. Winner chosen at 2pm.
Band name: tree beard motherhell
TV industry lacks criticality. It's frightening. Audience is very congratulatory.
The good thing about #TVD starting in October is that we will have fewer painful hiatuses that we had during S3.
And this is how Chicago views Portland... RT Visiting reporter asks: `Do cabs run here after midnight?'
“Life Begins At The End of Your Comfort Zone.” –Neal Donald Walsh
#WhenAustin sells out Madison Square Garden. It hasn't happened yet, but all Mahomies know...it will someday. :)
thanks for enlightening us. We are so unaware of how it works. Unless you are in on some scam. R u?
Two pork demos done, now moving onto beef. M!
hell yea we gonna get in when u come down foolie for dam sure!!
my man MCA got a beard like a billy goat
Payroll: $206 million. Stadium: $1.5 billion. Texas-sized beatdown to a team of heartless, whiny, overpaid mercenaries: priceless.
#youainthittinitrightif you slide outta position and you have to be put back in
I miss you to! And thanks,but look whose talking.!<3
Thanks so much, excited!
Invites for the party are very limited so get at me on the cell or how ever you can contact me if you tryna bring food bottles let me know.
You Go On Your Page And Click On Your Tweet And Delete It Where It Shows A GarbageCan I Dnt Know How You Delete Them All At Once
Soggy #NYC blah.... Add to my misery, why not?
If lifes a bitch then mines a gold digger..
What are you "choosing" to do this weekend??? We'd love to hear..Choices are endless...BE CHOOSEY!
I love her. She is amazing! And perfect for a good laugh, yes.
Do you think relationships can dispel stereotypes? When Americans meet Africans, does it change their view of the continent?
labor day weekend can't get any hotter than come out to Retreat nightclub saturday night:)
teaching a tempeh class, today at noon!
So happy u still here doin it big brotha. U don't know how important u r. This movie will be important for my 16 yr old son
Check out !!!
Thanks for the mention. You see our Lax team?
Why are they sitting there still?
Off to the gym.....thought, if I write it here everyday, will that make me actually go every day?
#debate08 how do i tune into who is following the debate and comments? I just saw this clue at the top. Direct message me please :) thanks!
Hahahahahaha. I laughed out loud when I saw this. Sorry, no such luck.
Fact: Our Employment Center helped get more than 550 people jobs this year. Visit 506 Central Ave., Newark for great employment services!
so amped up for the masters.
RT : "Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy" Ludwig Van Beethoven
I've never seen Top Gun. However, I *have" seen The Birdcage, so I think I get the idea
Preparing myself to work the after party this weekend.
a sleepy sunday in nyc... much needed!
I don't think so
ahahaha that was cute! :)
Hey everyone! Please follow , my new home in Power Plant Live! Come check out my new food!
A triple for his hotness :)
Cool hope you have fun!
Kim Kartrashian and Richie are shooting a #doritoscrashthesuperbowl commercial! YeeeeHaw!
Note to the world: "Who is this?" is not an acceptable way to answer your phone.
Never thought I'd be so excited for the #Giants to beat the bills but what a way to come back from last week! Bradshaw & manning great game!
Maggie wants to see the Rhyolite ghost town. Worth it?
Great job covering track! For clarity, you could add in your tweets that the results are from prelims...
haha the following week after I'm home.. I deff want you to meet him. DM me your number I wanna txt...
I was a fan of until this season of #thevoice she's been petty, unjust & unfair. The attitude is unbecoming. Get over urself
thanks! following you back :)
Don't fake the funk on the
I need some help i thinking about joing the air force to help better my familys financal problems
18 is not a kid.
And much Corporate welfare keeps them up and gougeing the Am Peopl such as the great Oil Co subsidies. Think man!
Follow: RT : Beer is awesome. Craft Beer is awesomer.
Help your friends with the things that you have, for you have these things by the grace of God
had a flashback when I walked in Walmart just now and saw saw calypso drinks.
Surely this is going in the book?
Happy to hear the book is inspiring you. It will challenge you to expand your faith. Enjoy. ^staff
What I miss RT : Lord Jesus, the Magic Johnson slander on my TL right now
Morning all you beautiful people!
There's No God Like Jehovah!!! Hahahahahahaha! Remember?
#thecrownlife apparently I just signed to BETs music matters
This Restaurant Impossible show rules
just wanted to say hey, since you can't speak anymore lol but its cool
My colleague coined one of our operating ideas, with "serendipitous discovery"
Andrew Sullivan spotted riding without helmet at Dupont Circle.
A fine point.
this world is terrifying!!
Reduce friction: RT : Why bother w "Check this box to agree to our ToS" - barrier to signups. S/b: "Signing up means you agree…"
Can we have an Flash Mob? Consider me, , and I the first 3 volunteers!
Nobody cares about him anymore RT Who else is ready for Howard Stern on AGT?
congrats on your scholarship. So honored to be sitting at the same table.
we need to RP sometime... just for the heck of it... Too many memories :'(
Chilling on being free : "Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous"
Please no. Not The Brooke. No. Juan Direction, Wand Erection, Niall & the Potatoes - all better. PLEASE </3
Sox for everyone!!!
hey you lol riches for all and let me know when you get to chicago
Hey hope you have a great birthday
•...has been currency for 2,300 years in 194 countries on this planet and is convertible into any national currency at any time.
Lush Puppy is snuggled up beside me on the sofa, gently snoring. Could today be any more perfect?
Thanks, we had a great time! The Escolar and Chuleta were delish! And of course the chocolate cake.
im here for a good timee.
Boyfriend- Justin Beiber ain't that bad.
RT It was A great Effort but not Enough for #Cotto 116-112
6 minutes until 's birthday!!
Make decisions then take action, even if you don't have all the information. Be willing to step into the unknown.
I can appreciate some good sportsmanship.
Gotta hand it to Arroyo. Amazing comeback. 8 straight outs after that 3 run bomb
The month of Feb., ECM will be asking a trivia question every week for a free t-shirt! Look for our 1st ? tomorrow!
i just threw up after thinking of you naked!
ok! I was just thinking that it could be him.?
Looking for sage advice on becoming a California landlord and renting nice, affordable digs in Wash., DC. Any suggestions on either front?
How u guna have karaoke when the nuggeta are on.
You know what I don't understand, how you make fun of someone's dead father and still continue to talk. I think you've said enough.
Chrissy u are so damn hot. Damn Girl!! I love u Jersey girls!!!
I doubt there are many Thunder fans in NY though, so it's not too bad lol. At least its not the Lakers.
On my way to KSC for day 2 of #NASATweetup. Didn't sleep, but running on adrenaline. Go Atlantis!
wait am i reading this correctly..... a 30 year old quoting drake what in the F is going on in this world
tell me more tell me more
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Gandhi
Now playing We Are Young (Party Ben and MyKill Remix) at up some
My besty bought me patron and pizza for my birthday!... consumer swoon
#UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed are not allowed to buy a Halloween costume. 1. You're scary enough 2. The economy is failing, save your damn money.
- Thanks again 4 having me on New products R in production. Look 4ward 2sending over 2 u 4 review! Stay in touch.
.'s 'Why You Wanna' is sounding good here in LA on Hollywood's Gone Country-- in Hollywood! Congrats Jana!
Yep snow again actually
And if it goes down y'all.. That's my heart.. Baby girl so thorough.. She been with me from the start..
I wonder who the Al-Qaida's' publicist is.
glad your poor dachs are ok. Give them lots of love...
This rain does not bode well for my outfit for tonight's Flowers After Hours at Grabbing my girls and going anyway!
This dude go the linsanity haircut lmao
thanks Michelle!
WISHING ONE AND ALL A VERY HAPPY AND SAFE 4th of July HOLIDAY!! REMEMBER THOSE WHO HAVE GIVEN AND THOSE WHO ARE GIVING, so we can enjoy!!
Just realized there are only four women on #Charleston City Council.
my dad is playing today, if you're there and looking for "notables"
RT :Follow! Looking to get this account over 1000 Followers so we can get this Fan Club Rocking! Follow
(Hisses teeth)
First person to get 25 people to get like Nemesys on Facebook gets a free Nemesys t-shirt! Have your peeps drop your name so we can track.
The comfort adults feel when dancing in a large circle
Made it to Hampton, now for weigh ins
Does anyone else think Aerosmith is the biggest joke of a band? They would be playing no name towns if it weren't for run dmc.
Used by lesbians
I told u already I was in Arkansas lol Mosquitos? Lol
Taking my kid and my nephews camping tonight...this should be interesting...
Oh, Factory Records. And I suspect they all 'lose it' in different ways.
Ray Wylie Hubbard doing Eliza Gilkyson's "Beauty Way." "Wish I was lying like a cat in the sun/'Stead of working like a dog for the cash"
Stonewall + bagels. , thanks to you, Tricia and Nomi for the great weekend!
I wish New Glarus Brewing made Snowshoe a regular seasonal brew and I look fwd to Black Top becoming a year round favorite.
not big on celebrating my birthday. It's just another day.
Some guy is trying to sell me "Zombie Survival" gear and books, lmfao. Is there something goin on outside my walls i should know about?
May 26th I'm at The Comedy Corner in Ft. Pierce with Al Jackson & Julie McCullough. Who's coming?
"Some people are harder to kill than others." Open line from KILL ME IF YOU CAN by James Patterson & Marshall Karp - I LOVE IT!
My mom used to make that for me as a kid. I must seek out some coddlers!
Yep, just got pinched. Awake now..
[LIVE TWEET] Science and Policy beyond the Linear Model.
Father to 5 y/o son as son tugs on dads leg, dad says "What I can't carry you bro, my leg hurts!" ...and a killer is born
I still love the Laker. Clippers are ok
Related to these announcements = , Astrobrite, New Canyons, live shows & more.
I took Off ahha so I'm down for whenever ohh boo! What should I pack?!
Walked the beach for a little, the sun started to come out too so that was good at least
how exciting! Do I get a prize? Although I see you're already onto 2001.
At the Doctors.
#NP - Three Cheers for Five Years by
Rehearsal for show tomorrow!
haha, thats definitely something to be proud of! keep up the good work =)
It's because of our "why?" chromosome (sic). Turns us into morons.
Published again and working on new writing projects... Dreaming about someday writing press for Boeing... :)
Kool its gonna be good
“Middle age is when you’re sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn’t for you
big hug
we need gifs of Letang snapping his own neck off. And Simmonds mocking him.
I shouldn't have enjoyed that as much as I did..
To bad about Tom Watson it would have been cool to see him win
RT “: Happy 16th birthday!!! Hope you have a great day! #BirthdayTwins”
can grandpa have some fun with u some time?
working outdoors is my absolute favorite! very jealous!
That card is so cute!
Do you have a tumblr, Kendizzle? ;)
Amy Winehouse's "Rehab" just makes me cringe now. It would be like if Buddy Holly's biggest hit was about saying no to taking the bus.
Dude... their pay is all talks about.
Thanks for making it through this with us!
Thanks to on for talking to UP finance prof Brian Adams today about the debt ceiling!
love walking 2 the gym.
It's that time of year again!
Thanks for the follows
Know a torrent? Is Dethcentrik on it? If the answer is no please add us to said torrent!
she be trippin too and miss pekoc be talkin to us like we slow
thanks was having problem explaining
Survivalists share disaster tips at Springfield event - Springfield News-Leader
A Dream without action is called a Fantasy. Don't just dream... take action. Move toward what you wish and you can have what you will..
Do it! : we're gonna come!
That awkward moment when UR cramming for a show & really have to pee. Can't decide if u shld finish writing or run to the bathroom.
Would you rather see a play, a parade, or a magic show?
: no, I did not get it resolved. You should do a story about GEPD's harassment of part-time downtown employees. Nuts!
That lack of jingoistic nationalism and exceptionalism is why you'll always be AMERICA'S LITTLE BROTHER.
Today I'm unemployed. Monday a new phase of my life begins.
Perfection is the enemy of good enough.~ Travis Jensen
this phone sucks though:( wuts ur numer i lost everything
How did you fair in NC?
BREAKING NEWS: Manning's neck healed after handshake w/ Tebow.
Failure you can do alone, but success always takes help.
You always getting hooked up or winning something, see you in couple weeks!
#ASECS12 This was in James Winn's paper, "Praise the Patroness of Arts."
Stephanie, thanks for the great thoughts today in #ideachats, we are going to turn many of those ideas into reality!
Lookin for her boxers
I have an extra SFBIG party ticket if you want to use it let me know.
If I could be the voice of any video game character? Any Spartan or ODST from the Halo franchise.
r u ever gone take me up on that date????
never stop smiling Justin :)
Tonight's special the Princess Peach! Captain Morgan, Peach Schnapps, Pineapple Juice, Grenadine & 7-UP for only $6! Come save the princess!
what did I do?
haha can't wait to come see it, we need to hire some pros to put on a show!
My tail piece on my electric banjo tele broke this morning and I'm playing tonight! Dragging out ol' faithful.
Anyone who looks and acts that much like Ashlee Simpson deserves to win #TheVoice. Sheer talent.
Busted. RT : . "Best thing to learn from me today - stop charging your devices by your bed.
same here
Arrest more Atheists!!!
Express train roaring through Dallas.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
Get up at 11:30am and wanna sleep before 11pm. OMG
It is just so hard for teams to get out of the 3-1 hole.
Stfu. Before I drop u
I know some women wish they had a ”delete history” button on their p#$$!...
Crochet zombie and hedgehog sale at www.mischiefmaker.etsy.com!!
Hi Nice article! Do you think Skype can be a great platform for #educational institutions to enhance #learning?
ADJISNNS! IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!!
Bears gave Garza a new contact but not Forte?
Did you really just ask me to help you look for a job? LOL If you only knew LMAO
it is good
kouldnt ask for a better boyfriend than the one i have now I LOVE YHU !!!
Friday May 7th!! Is Going Down!! @ El Amigo Restaurant!
#FF Cool local DC peeps:
yes!! Epic! Or the wheel of carpet samples! 😄
": twitter should have italic and bold fonts available."
Olivia is so difficult!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Hold on everyone! Change is coming and change is good! I'm super excited about what is happening and I know you will too.
Before Lanning began, Dems Huntley & Greiling voiced strong opposition to new gambling -- electronic pull-tabs - in Kriesel bill
