Spam=annoying
sorry but um dibbs have been called
The Mariners will play their opening game while I sleep. Go ! I'll catch the highlights when I wake up.
the guy that plays him at Disney is spot on with the looks!
Billy Traber. There isn't a close second. He hates "regular" people. Looks like it makes him sick to even speak with "normies".
I have nightmares about how the #Astros lost, when we had the Big Unit, and an incredible team, it was sad.
Watching Nancy Grace.. on HLN.
I so want that for Christmas and also 2 things I like your new computer set up and can you tell me what you put in the envelope?
haha..but as your agent...I get a cut...5%
there's thee's people at school still using that word and I'm just like "why" -___- haha
IT'S TEARIN' UP MY HEART WHEN I'M WITH YOU, BUT WHEN WE ARE APART I FEEL IT TOO!
Dear Shirt I Feel In Love With, I Hate You! Sincerely, Just Saw The Price Tag.
and you're fat and 12.
Today at 3pm Abele takes the oath of office on MacArthur Square outside the Courthouse.
“Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It’s not.”
Wow!!!! I don't even care anymore
I've been coming up with the most crazy thoughts about the state of the world, if it lets me I will help it is one thought.
We still need two people from NYC aged 15-20 who loves records and would like to be featured in our book! Contact us at
what you wow for lmfao
Jan Wed 26 ...And You Will Know Us By Our Long List of Complaints, Moan Now Cry Later, Bitch Bitch Bitch + DJ Whino in the Atari Lounge $3
"A successful businessman is the man who holds onto the old just as long as it is good, & grabs the new just as soon as it is better."
Live for today. Plan for tomorrow.
God's plans for your life are better than your plans for your life!
no way. Perfect for newcomers to MMA, as Diaz will box Miller's lights out.
Also, I love you! Hope you had a great day! We should talk sometime! ;)
I'm kinda late, but yay! Justin now has 22 million beliebers!!(: our family has grown so much over the past year. 22 Million For Justin.
hey :) i got twitter now too of course right ;) cool!!! wow i thought it was the 8th! but the sooner the better muahh <3
So over it and you. Bitch
Hey dummy :)
except me :)
Waco says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Someone smiles- doesn't mean they are happy Someone has money- doesn't make them happy. Don't judge someone till you walk in their shoes...
Wanna have more followers!.. come on!!! =)
Anklets for Womenthegiftsthatgivebackcom - anklets for women
I'm surprised she had a baby ...
you need a deposit
coo bout.to drop some new tracks this weekend
Everyone is trippin' over 's new song, video. It's a big step... but i like it. ;p
You now have every right to kick them out of your gym.
Just saw "Jeff, Who Lives at Home." Perfect rainy Saturday movie!
"Learn to hide your need and show Your Skill" --Jim Rohn Enjoy a Spectacular Everyone...May Your Skill and Purpose 'Set You Free'*
RT fly safe! Xoxo I miss you already!
the art of immersion - Frank rose. Nice talking with you as well greg
8 weeks temp assignment - Accounts Payable position in the Healthcare setting. Strong Data Entry Skills required. Call 881-3449. Start ASAP!
Love what you do. Do what you love.
Our Hero is excellent in all fields.
Come to Carola Sunday after Villa221
I was just thinking. You never hear anything about Paris Hilton anymore. Where did she go? I hope she is ok.
Hahahaha "up like taco night"
Feels so good to get back in the gym. #JelloArms #DoWork we need to get the rest of the team on board
well do you know of anyone in the art department that I contact for an article? Thanks
The BASH is only 5 days away!
Help=helpful. When I search "change what file opens" ... "Always open a document with a specific application" w/instructions.
going to put in my vote later today :) good luck!
I be trying to chill, b–ches wanna f–k me Every little city I go, f–k me
Some people just try to hard REMEMBER where you came from!!
WHY ARE WE TALKING IN ALL CAPS. I'M IN SCIENCE.
yay! Me too! Vicky Secret has the #Steelers line on their website now! I went a lil crazy.....
clicked the wrong icon on desktop. Must wait for program to load -______-
hahahaha *high fives*
RT - The mime wanted to say something, but he wasn't aloud.
Thanks for your support!!
thank u..yea I been going hard at the gym last 3 weeks...its been to long how are to? Im good..done w school in 2 months :)
lol hell yea
paulhaynes...thanks again for following. -douggieb
THE PROWLER is #5 on Film Comment's Top 10 DVDs for January/February Percentage of proceeds benefit the Archive!
watching jersey shore after hours!(:
Looks yummy! Beats the tuna fish I had by a long shot!
Today's weather is nice, I think I'm going to get ice cream and eat it at the park or just play COD MW3, head shots are more fun than ducks.
Stop being bipolar. Kay thanks! 😒
Jay Schensul and Diane Austin :D
should've known :( If they lose to Suppan (& series to woeful Pads) I'm gonna be sick. Gotta believe Yo will deliver though
As a veteran I can't cheer for LSU
Had, what I hope will be, a very productive meeting at work today. Spending the rest of my time focusing on MY business...
Save your spot at the World Youth Summit Tourney, June 22-24, contact Joshua Gilbert at or 317.260.9608
That hit the ground!
u gotta ask her
just can't keep a job!
Tuna, Quinoa, and Arugula. You're not mad.
peoples choice winner for crab bash is maisys, a sweet corn ravioli topped with crab
blessed to be connected... Muah
I assume (re: x-rays). I just hope the kid is not overexposed to harmful shit we will only learn about in a decade.
Are u implying that it is best to stick w/your party? What is point?
Woke up this morning completely disoriented. Snow, rain, slush ... thought it was December and I dreamt the past 3 months.
let me know how it is. I want to see it!
soaking in the non-discursive olfactory rhetoric of pumpkin-bread-in-the-making
RT : Just being on #SocialMedia is not enough. Content and frequency is the key. #Twitter, FB, #Pinterest are NOT the same....
Tonight is gonna be way too nerve-racking... Bruins better fucking get out of this series on a high note.
Rooster is crowing and the chill is burning off in the morning sun -- ready to explore the Davis Mtns and chase more 50s memories
An hour and a half into the workday, an hour and a half into daydreaming about robbing a bank.
Nope. All for me! :D
#Ithoughtyouwerecute until I figured out you Were taken :/
Co-worker and I are both rocking $20 frocks today and definitely the best-dressed. Love cheap and chic fashion!
Lie to Me, but do not Lie to My Heart. E.c.
Off to school :D
Wanna drink send a DM and i'll buy you a drink using
RT : #ff because he has my back and I have his. No doubt about that.:))
Singing mahler's 2nd again tonight w Madison symphony. Love the piece but wish we were in an outdoor venue on a day like today!
is soo fat
Take some of ours here in #Scottsdale! RT Come back sunshine! We're sorry for whatever has upset you...
Refreshing my memory with old acting textbooks. Any suggestions on reading material?
What's a "lockout"?
“Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;” Ephesians 2:19
I don't know the history, but it'd be really cool if these church teams did something like that.
gutted ... my first option for a night out for weeks doesn't look like it's happening
Such a busy next couple of weeks.
It takes millions of people to complete the world, but it only takes one to complete mine.
I thought I was out of chocolate at work, but it was a false alarm. It was touch and go there for a minute though.
I'm reading all of these in Romney's voice. Seems about right.
Serious Competition: Verizon gets iPhone. then gets T-Mobile. So why does Sprint go to Congress?
The writing staff over at the are a bunch of hapless fucks. I'm sure of it.
Suns down 109-95 with 2:44 left. PHX just has no answers for Lawson.
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting! And here we are now! ;)
crazy busy as usual. You working or studying these days?
You know we're down!!
the beginning/ is for those that sleep
Why yes, I do quite frequently talk to my computer.
Prayers appreciated about to take twin1 in for an important appt. while twin2 spends 2hr w/principal while suspended. Lord heal my babies!
woowwwwww make-up does wonders.......
I didn't really look cuz we were in a hurry. :(
that sh** belongs to me :)
Building Credibility: creates a Facebook of sorts for the places where we live and work.
Need at Pho fix?? NOLA Food Delivery just signed up Le Viet Cafe!
lol any questions check previous twitter posts
I had a dream you followed me last night then you like popped out of my computer screen .. lol hehe
How's holding up? Did he bring any of that Dubai Juice?
r u n this video
We have to wait for the fire department to come and shut off the alarm. Apparently, they are still sleeping. (go figure)
"'s wife posing naked with her infant nephew" is that right in your opinion!?
#TodayImWearing my uniform , that only means I'm working!
Coach Herring sounds like shaq
RT Aw remember when you said you could be happy with me for the rest of your life? Yeah, me too.
But its cool. Needles don't scurr me.
I'd forgotten how busy this business can make you!!! Wheew!!!
I sure did. I had an awesome wkend!
Who's trying to hit this zoo up #grownpeople style
Material Girl | The Weeknd
See "The Forum" w/ Mason's Michael Fauntroy, professor of public policy, talking w/ the Reverend Walter Fauntroy about civil rights in 1968.
Come meet Billy Wilder's protege right now before a 35mm screening of The Apartment!
B. Griner = Big Bird
makin it happen....
A wonderful person to follow!
Thank you for the #FF shoutout! Have a great (busy) weekend!
Just signed up for last night already loves it!! Download the free app on your phone makes it so much easier and fab.
I want to play minecraft :(
yea watever lmao u tell everything
That mixed looking dude. :)
Did you guys hook up?
Still sad, he had to fly further than anyone for the game and played so little. Hope he enjoyed himself anyway
Oh course , anytime!! :-)
What new mental programming upgrade did you get today? What way of thinking is now obsolete for you?
Just watched the lotr trilogy on the bus to Nola and not even there yet.
never would have thought a masters winner would be a disc golfer to. Are there any more #PGA players that are #PDGA members too?
#housing America?s Home Program Solves Housing Dilemma
Don't miss out on Friday night's book signing by David Holt, author of Big League City, at the pop up shop!
I want a do over.
Miss you on the tv Amanda!
sadly, that is truw
TO vs. LeBron for a WR spot on the Seahawks.
Q: Why did the motorcycle take a break? A: Because it was "TWO TIRED"!
I want some bdubbs
they are younger, Randy
Praying my granddaddy pulls thru it all we may not see eye to eye but lord knows I love that man! 😔
So yall this pussy ass cat told my dude that I was fuckin his lame ass and that I had two twitter pages...
I try not to think about things like this.
#naisac12 John Hunter mentions the importance of school administrator's trusting teachers and encouraging them to do what they want to do
It's one of those nights where if I go out to the garage, I'm feel like I'm going to find Robert De Niro under my car.
yea i've been wasting away for the past 6 months
Clickbank Secret - The Clickbank Code Review - CB Code Really A Scam?
Bands I was a member of before Nickolas Benson; Mideast-Blue Falcons, Mendocino-Crown Royals, LA-Beggars&Royals.. all fun but not me :)
LOVE IT
who finna hit u up
Why, in 2012, is it still legal to have someone work in a windowless room 40 hrs/week.
Sorry but just cause Damon ended up meeting her first doesn't mean he should be with her... There's more to it.
Overheard mature ladies gossiping about what a ‘friend’ had posted on FB. Plz people don’t use #Facebook to slander. Keep it fun!
is waiting at the airport-so far, plane still on time. keep all fingers crossed!
Thanks. Kids are welcomed any time.
so what's the wager again?
move dem hips, gurl.
Senate gives final 28-7 approval to #Hornets tax incentive package. On its way to Gov. #Jindal for certain signature.
Foray cucina urbana for expanding into Irvine. Love the burratta.
So can you come cleanse my house? ;)
Finished writing the last midterm exam. Time to start writing some curriculum.
I always get scared that will rule the world and I may never get a reply from them again .. #WellerProblems <3
where you been>
You can message me at m e @ i am rio dot com
im great, hbu?
He won't need to score this much it would be nice but not realistic. It's on Wade and LeBron plain and simple.
CD, some of have older cars with broken electric drives so we can't play an ipod, just CDs.. and I want to blast your cool jams
im really into andrew belle right now and the latest temper trap album, also check out the new augustana album
#FeartheDeer BRANDON JENNINGS STRAIGHT GETTIN BUSY IN THE NY!!!!!!
how old are you??
Long day but ll worth it. Artist development at its finest.
The worse shape jeans are in, the comfier they are. #Mind =
Hi my name is Heaven Thompson
i just got one direction, big time rush, asnd cody simpson tickets!!
We have a Nook (mine) and a Kindle (wife's) and love them, despite digging our heels in against them not long ago.
Morning everybody !
“: true story, but if you have to train then you have no choice but to make the most of it.” makes sense! Lots of other bikes?
My favorite curse word is "Double-farts".
Why is it raining? It's gonna be like 80 degrees.
Stuck in the Portland airport with haystack, help.
WoW I wasn't even spinnin at that time, but ok lol
Catch us live at the minimal
New England might actually be THAT bad this year.
What a great season finale #PrivatePractice was!
How much is it?
Blue-shirted volunteers from Chesapeake are at Positive Tomorrows helping us get ready for school next week! Way to go Operation Blue!
all set and ready to head out to #sllconf. cannot wait!
had to change jerseys at halftime. I've never been so hot in my life.
can't wait...thanks for the heads up!
Only 7 more minutes till my bday! Let the countdown begin!
“Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
I hate being sick :(
It's absolutely gorgeous outside! Wild peeps are working out hard with the door open today!
My #NyRangers won we winning the
walk. off.
I really do have such a lovely group of friends
Going home saying fuck it and falling back asleep
Nitrous Oxide Increase in the Atmosphere Due to Fertilizer Use - Decoded Science
"Just Give Me Chocolate and Nobody Gets Hurt.
team nodler is looking to acquire a push reel (leave it to beaver) lawn mower. anyone know a good model?
The Human Centipede 2 was sick. If you like fucked up movies with gore and are really creepy check it out for sure!
good day Tweeps....off to work as its Monday morning in this part of the world.....
#UndergroundHipHopChroniclesPt2 "Ace Royal Flush" 05/14/12 COME AND SUPPORT BOSTON LOCAL ARTIST like
Wanna meet !
is the new punk rock. Wish there was a good soundtrack to their subversalicious activities.
I'm going to sleep now, #tired .
It's probably not a good thing that Austin barley talks to me anymore. Should I be worried? :/
Giuliana Rancic to Undergo a Double Mastectomy Back in October, our own Giuliana Rancic revealed her breast cancer diagnosis. We regret t
Morning Twitter :(.
Packing my bags for sunny San Francisco!
fuck you facebook.
Why is everything on my new computer not responding/slower than my old computer? I just want to work, people!
Good luck elle!!!! lots of love.<3333
Lost my mf earphones!
To conform is to alter my ways to fit where I am cause I am already there, transform is to get there-Bishop J.C. Williams
If you meet TW please tweet us! <3
You have to turn your channel opacity up so the "good" in the middle will show up
Nash deserved them tho RT : so it like the years kobe should have won MVP and steve nash got back to back MVPs
hell yeah. #gopackgo nsyncers love too
When the haters hate all I do is smile back.c:
#ONELOVE Thank you all for the views and subscriptions on our new YouTube Channel! Who's coming to the 19th Annual 9Mile Music Festival?
or you've had to look over G's shoulder once or twice too often ;)
the answer is ...it melts in your body...sigh.
that is terrible.
come visit me </3 ):
Pretty good beer too!
" I hate you " is a strong word..
WORK OF ART SUPERBOWL HALFTIME FASHION SHOW THIS SUNDAY....COME WATCH DA GAME FREE FOOD AND DRINKS PRETTY MODELS IN LINGERIE! DONT MISS IT!!
Okay I'm tired. Good night (:
Don't forget to check your vagina... RT : Piercing high pitched ringing in my bedroom: night 2. Cannot find source.
When you see her walking sneak up behind her and hug her around her waist<3
I had a Great day today.. At the sis waiting for dinner.. mm yummy...How was your day? <3
no it's all good. We had a total of ten managers last season, so I know how u feel
#YouAintHittinItRightIf no one blogs about your penis
Earlier today, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez returned to Cuba to resume his chemotherapy treatment for cancer discovered in June.
Never grow up.
So tired of getting my hopes up.
make a wish!!!
add bitches
thanks for the feedback! Our next mail drop is Friday morning! Have a great night!
Yes, multilingual information access to digital libraries and cross-lingual retrieval. I think we shortly met at EuropeanaTech.
EKU Football showing interest in Bradenton, Florida dual threat QB, Sean McCarthy.
Finally i finished i had 2 think bout those facts ;p
ma son knocked in tha backseat thank god
anyone here want a shoutout??????
Back to school -- classes begin today. Ready, set, study . . .
That's My shit.
He had no assists because people missed open shots. Many scored on the 2nd pass after he penetrated.
Love the way Newt pointed out all the candidates positive points. That's a real leader.
Not sure I'd want you to!
I HATE driving in south omaha. Craziest drivers ever.
Haha listening to throw it in the bag. An old song but I've always loved it
hahaha, more alc always does the trick! Tear it up mang!
IM GOOD JUST PUSHING THE MAGAZINE !! you at the salon
I need to focus on getting myself back on track,im all over the place
Thank you, Susan!
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
any other qualifying factors? I know several who meet that criteria.
Being the most indecisive person in the world is getting me nowhere and making me crazy. Might be time to change that.
Clearly I have defeated you earthworm with my words -- imagine what I would have done with my fire breathing fists
My band Has a show saturday! im stoked
what?! what did you guys fix?
Let's go FCB!!...wow first thirty seconds and Real scores...well that significantly deflated my excitement.
if you like books to movies, why not a 'blue bloods' movie! Just sayin'(:
I'm willing to fight for it though :-)
Fuse is looking for twitter peeps tonight 06/06 only. Show this tweet/RT to the GM Steve. Code word: ElectricSushi. See what happens!
And tell the cops I can buy my own bracelets!!! -Wayne
Bill O'Riley & Dennis Miller had fun ripping apart the no bake sale bill on The Factor last night. It was priceless.
Staff Writer Meeting tonight. Beer... check. Notepads... check. A pack of condoms and a willing goat... So check
I do elieve we are looking forward to some hot weather by Thursday
Who is coming to Zombie prom?
Welcome. We love a little snark
thinks its pity when someone cant get there life on track they have to try and cause problems for others.. Karma train is coming baby watch
See: U.S. for imperfect exemplar. A multi-relig., multi-cult., multi-ethnic VALUES-driven nat. pride+citizenship. IT WORKS!!
12 times :) list me?
I'm thrilled that we will be going to Jupiter and its moons in twenty years (& it's named after a BIG song). We have much to look forward to
watch the movie bamboozled and you'll be as smart as me
we welcome you with open arms
Hope to see you all tonight at the Hubert H. Humphrey Civil and Human Rights Awards Dinner!
To Serve Is To Live! Hope you are terrific.
I don't see it at all
We are getting ready for Valentine's Day! Don't forget to show your love, too - even if it's just a note to your love....
Give it a few more days...
Tonight will be my and my wife's first time seeing you guys. Can't wait!!!
I'm so excited about applying to MSB as a transfer student for this fall !
I can't wait for my Soulsation CD set to get here. That will be good times
After further review Howard the Duck is actually really weird. Not in a good way.
I would go through one of Dave Ramsey's ELP's
Omg. Vegas.
Yes girl..TELL these NEGROS,just cuz u paid for a MEAL,DONT MEAN nookie..cuz we both know sex outside of connection is
It's all T&F this afternoon! RT Logan Miller gets over 14 feet for the first time, and gets the win to boot!
#FF to , lead mobile analyst for If you're into mobile tech, Sascha is a must-follow!
Sad day in the world of wrestling.. The Macho Man Randy Savage passed away today. Snap into a Slim Jim in his honor everyone!
If you tell the truth, you don�t have to remember anything.
First day my math teacher isnt here..
LOL right?! too funny!
Back from surgery, with a numb leg but otherwise ok. Seems to have been successful. Now for the rehab . . .
Little chilly here this am - nice!
WHERE IS THE DOG?
On closer inspection, his signature says "Avery Sample." You know, of the Sample family, from Trenton.
Hadn't heard of CS Lewis attacking the desire 4 equality. Hope you didn't take it out of context 2 elevate your political beliefs.
RT : I envy poets. Writing prose is like dancing while strapped to a chair.
#southbeachtow #Bernice is about to whip some ass !!!
why isnt trent in ugh
Say it ain't so I will not go turn the lights off carry me home
Congratulation! Our 10 year anniversary is tomorrow!!
Morning! Happy May! Happy Day! It's 9:15 a.m. and I haven't been yelled at once yet today. Give it time, my friends. Give it time. MOL!
S/O to my boo It's her 21st birfdayy! Happy Birthday love! Hope you have an awesome day! 🎂🎉🎈🎁💝🍻🍸👏😘
sh-sh-sh-sh-sugar honey iced tea, prettiest one that I see, lil mama icee's, they say she a #pisces, i heard they are feistyy
smh one of those blow your brains out boring type days
This day just got seemingly worse.
i dont know how i finished schools, i dont even like homeworks.
So who's got the craziest 4th of July plans? Im just gonna sit in my underwear and watch the Sea World fireworks, like every other night hah
Congrats to Stacy Rodenberger, Eastern Region Art Museum Educator of the year.
How does someone start a career as a pornographer?
3 things: 1. Thank you for talking me off the ledge tonight. 2. I appreciate your friendship. 3. Don't keep score.
I am on the high way going to reach home at 1:00. And I am in a honda. The new one baybee
lean + delicious!! Happy lunching!
I got great new for you! we will need a copy of his i20 and visa for approval!! I will send the information by DM
I pretty much have no respect for and anymore.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Its blowin me that we not on the phone right now
A lot of $$$ is made by maintaining a racial &socioeconomic caste system. And in convincing people that poverty is a mental illness
why do people insist that activists are idealist, dissenter, pot addaled hippies?! when in reality are forefathers were all of those things.
our new doggie! 8 yo, rescue, loves tennis balls. Todat's his first day here
Up text messaging my fiance && still watching #SaluteYourShorts :-) :-) :-)
New workout obsession listenin to #superchick!!!!
oh!! :P so whats your fave food? and your fave drink? what do you like to eat & drink before a concert?
u are funny, show was not...can't you get a real tv show? Hbo shopping?
Proverbs 13:4 "The sluggard craves and gets nothing, but the desires of the diligent are fully satisfied."
Well im missing girlfriends!!!!!!
Woods wins his first golf tournament in 2 years to capture the Chevron World Challenge title.
tonight everybody free til 12>>Reserve Lounge 723 Main St Houston, Texas/ ladies 18+ guys21+/ 5$ margaritas all night
I don't often find TV insulting. At least in the sense where I would actually voice my discontent. But this Off Their Rockers Show... yikes
THANK YOU! :)
It hurts to laugh. I didn't realize how much I laugh until now.
I've had a headache everyday this week.
I had too,,
sigh...time to work outside.
oh lord that's how my jeep was. That beast bleed me dry.
Caroline explaining to Frank how he needs a "partner" like on Modern Family, to walk around with baby Madeline >>>
Blogging more than once per day will result in more clicks/traffic
its all about the Cowboys babee.!<3
Those times when you drop EVERYTHING to be with ypur best friend.
If anyone has had enough of this damn sunshine I'm about to watch "My Girl". At 7. In a basement. Feel free to join me. Bring ice cream.
Thanks girl! Miss your face! I got fun things planned for the fall collection!
You're always there for me when I need cheering up, thanks music. <3
Last time MAAC got 2 bids was 1995, and at-large (13) Manhattan beat (4) Oklahoma. Iona deserves it.
Onto #posscon Columbia, SC anything not to miss?
Reggie gotta have phone
I hope so too!
We are so glad that our friends and William James showed us . Great music!
I LOVE my Kindle (original). I read a book or two a week now thanks to it. Never used a Nook but have an iPad and never use it!
RT : Does everyone automatically become a hippie when they enter the gates at Coachella? If you wore a suit would your head ...
ok if would would like u can say over for the night all of u
Still have over an hour to buy meat, eggs or milk, too! RT: Who is out at #dofl? Send those pics in & don't forget to order dessert :)
i got mhy phone taken away
no kidding! I might be down with that. Get some in the mix and it could be a party!
smh, you my nigga.. i hate it had to be you.
put the pic of me you and Adam up
When boys try to talk to me and they dont drive a truck >>>
hobson says nah-uh!
Missing the way things used to be..
thanks muchly! happy to be included w/ -
There is plenty of time for television, just not enough for sleep.
pleaaseee ! i love you and i dont want you to grow pleasee always you be
There is a Veteran's Day parade between me, my car, and my office. This should be interesting.
Sometimes saying "no" is hard. #life #decisions #destiny?
Gel medium transfers art series now in the works - custom pieces also avail, - contact for more info.
Mr. President, stay strong in your resolve. There are many people who respect you and the office you hold. Continue to walk in your calling.
I love Jesus!
HEY ALEX HOW ARE YOU TODAY I LIKE CAPS LOCK
Can I please have a GA scene when Teddy gets to yell at Mary Lynn Raskub's character? Preferably DAMMIT!
Omg! I love 30 seconds to mars!!!!!
Steelers by 3.
Live happily, Laugh often, and Love always...Be GRAND!
Always an adventure when you go with me, at least that is what everyone always says. But I think its a good thing! LOL
Blood Orange, Beet, and Fennel Salad Recipe from Bon Appétit
follow back please :o)
So the Boyz are going to be on the ABDC after the J Lo one?
is rob kardashian really moving out
The medical alert unit in ten years will be what cell phones are to people today.
Today's mission: Oregon Coast. FYI Netarts Bay restaurant The Schooner. Must dine! Chicken wings are amazing and The Czar sets the bar.
RT : Nancy Pelosi is not ignorant of Catholicism, she simply doesn't believe in it except as a component of her public image.
that's niggas like fuck with you the Queen Bee, you always speak the truth out your mouth and bust these bitches down!! Lol love U
“: Mark Ronson worked on Amy Winehouse's Back To Black and Adele's 19. . . #Respect” yes ! I love that.
Don't wanna pay 70 bucks for a simple flannel shirt! Goodwill here I come!
Trying to go to bed but the house is full of snoring...
Polar opposite effect.
": one last thing, me & kivon tried on your clothes & heels, lmaoo. "yellingg AVERY >_<
tweeting real time from class. Nice! And yes it was a great lecture!
You guys anywhere tonite?
happy early mothers day. ❤
Wahi Media selected as a finalist for 2010 Small Biz Excellence Award by Tall Chamber of Commerce.
where can I get those dirty money varsity jackets from?thanks
Skelvis loves Asian Women....Especially Japanese Women !
Celebrating spring break with some of Xander's delicious vegan banana dough! oh yeaaaahhhh
Not yet... but at the end of June, yes!
Great day off with Nancy, Jenn, Jayden and Bailey. Danville we are in you. Pizza Hut, Huntington then Kroger. 82 and sunny will soon be 28
The Un-Official.... But most enjoyable Opening Day After Party is Tonight at Bar Louie Water St
yep but they kinda balked when I said I didn't want bailed out. so after the bad cop routine I was cited and released.
Off to warped!
Oh It's gonna be an interesting next Sunday
ur artist that was in the studio on sat, u still tryna get a track done?
The after party was sick! Went to a couple of bars and met up with some friends in the NW. Its about damn time for bed though. Peace. Im out
fabulous! i hope this marathon is ready for us to rock its socks off!
Im gonna party like it's my civil right :)
"Black Gold" is Amazing #live!
Getting ready to go with to The Pit for news conference and open public shoot around. Can't wait to see a legendary arena
That one thing that somone said, and you keep thinking about it 'till the rest of the day when you go to sleep and kills you inside.
Me and still need to party together
Teacher: You may begin your test. Goodluck. Me: May the odds be ever in your favor.
Nice job! Thumbs up! Check out the new Development Gateway website bit.ly/bM2e0g and let them know what you think! MT
I'm pretty excited too!
happy birthday Marvin Gaye and Michael Fassbender
Im okay, just being extra lazy :o watching basketball. Thinking about going back to my old job.
In matters of style, swim with the current; In matters of principle, stand like a rock
Can't wait to have you here! It's going to be great!
Actually other job ends in June. But I've already mentally left! Current field of study would definitely be applicable.
EyeRock's battle for the artist for charity it's all good
No surprise there! Wonder if poor tourney "run" sealed the deal or if he already had decided.
Heat Up
can't wait for the Vikings to beat the eagles!
Its still kinda early there! U gettin ready to go to work?
10 pets have been adopted in the first 2hrs of our 24/7 Adoption Event! Thank you!
let's see
#ff and great people to follow - happy friday!
Wife reminded me that 'stressed' spelled backwards is 'desserts'. Honestly, I'd prefer 'stressed' spelled backwards to be 'beach vacation'.
Headed to Gainesville for the orange and blue game!!!
Estelle Staal... Claire Fleury... Both have a nice ring too it
I can't believe you managed to get in sans lobster platter. I'm besotted.
Looking for the best photographic events in DC this weekend
hey everybody thanks for the quick response. Go to the new web site and become a memeber.
Thanks for following me Sean!
Going to chuck e cheese. Just for the heck of it and today's my friends birthday so were gonna go there. Be jealous
RT : So I should vote for people to run the country who don't know how to run a debate?
Why was dis big ass pitbull following me 2 da bus stop !
Wow Spy lol really
RT : I am looking forward to #SOBCon more than I ever looked forward to Christmas.
I only have one life and girl I wanna see you there
Nice reverse dunk today
KALE chips?? Haha that was the appetizer no worries
hey, girl.
Turn on the lights, I'm looking for her...
Correction: sooner or later, UConn and BC will meet again IN THE COURTROOM
My advisor is a peerless scholar, has advanced his field as far as any researcher, and keeps his foot firmly planted against my backside.
OpenOffice to the rescue! MT just attained MS Word..to fight autocomplete u have to do this retrospective stealth operation
Classic French.
looks like I need to start coming because you win when I come!
you were great in ! Fantastic job!
Ugh! #112 in line @ traffic court!
That is an unrealistic goal since in this world you will have trouble+You have an eternity of problem free living reserved for you in heaven
How I agreed to schedule a 4:30pm meeting on #CapHill this afternoon is beyond me. Regardless... 3.5 hours until the weekend!
“: 4th straight week I've lost out on desired player in fantasy baseball in the blind free agent bid process by less than $3.” McGoo
Is anyone else having issues w/ Twitter?
Whoa. Not even 8:00 and my allergies are full force this morning.. Gonna be a loong day.
Yeah, i have a case cellaring in my fridge right now.
We're celebrating the #graylaunch for !
Hey London by Chiddy Bang>
Oh, please. Two wheels is easy. I just handed my kid a unicycle and a helmet.
Laying back kicking my feet up.
Im so fucking done with this shit.
Thanks for the RT! You know, my hair just got long enough to wear a clip, and I have one I stole from you I use!
Everyone tune in tomorrow #espnu 1pm est to see & battle on the diamond!!!
Greek inspired dinner & dessert from
hun i just got back from NYU..but im wondering did ur cousin ever paid for the classes
I was ready for it! lol Until next time I suppose
Got a new haircut :(
is Spencer the one that tool a sabbatical to focus on sxhool
Thanks so much for the +K. You're awesome!
I agree. The cloud storage competitors bashing each other is pretty funny too-Ellison vs. Benioff the most recent example.
Sweet Tweets kickn it to u live:
#JustRemember what goes around comes around
Falling in love all over again with Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow on DVD a la Live in Munich 1977. Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame-worthy?
To all our followers: Turn your kid's bike into an exercise bike that controls the TV-Great for cold weather- 50% off only until Jan 2.
Sounds great. I hope you enjoy what you see!
Looking for a good, used road bike if any tweeters have ideas....
what do you think about #ACTA #StopACTA now threatening the future of the internet?
I'm surrounded by the best people ever! I appreciate you all very very much.
NOW YOU'RE JUST SOMEBODY THAT I USED TO KNOW.
#Bears lose! #bearsstillsuck!
One person with a belief is equal to 99 who have only interests. - John Stuart Mill
Up and time to make some cupcakes! #VanillaBean Happy Saturday all!!
take full advantage of it in every way. Do everything like there is no tomorrow. Coach T. Hicks
Whoops she's here now haha
Sounds good!
Thank you!
i absolutely love winona ryder's hair in 'girl, interrupted', it makes me want to keep mine short and black always
It is a hollow statement. What do u consider 2 b 'human rights' ? Re:You can't pick & choose human rights.....
My sweetheart need to call me <3 yea him
Nitrogen is not found in Ireland because it is not found in a free state.
If I were I would be scared shitless that 20million girls want this conda bro
I am just really infatuated with his hair lol its.. perfect
especially you jenny beckman.
Ron Roenicke is an animal.....
"its too hot to fart." -
As we remember, honor and mourn today, Let us not forget how we treated each other on that tragic day... and wonder why we can't every day
I have a lead on a Digital Media Supervisor gig in West LA. Message me if you are interested and I'll get you the details
No worries, we approve! The new site looks great, congrats.
nd if i want to be friends , ill let you know - til then #fallback !
Telling yourself you don't like someone, even though you do, so you won't get your hopes up & your heart broken.
Tonight! "It's About That Time" with HOT CLUB OF DETROIT 8pm & 10pm sets www.TwinsJazz.com
Your're gunna believe E! News, and think that Harry's dating Emma, when they were the ones behind Lily Halpern? Wow.
oh! very nice. me likey :)
Audition day is coming up!!! Email to have a chance at becoming a NJ Sky Dancer!!! <3
Today just SUCKS now.... :/
the man?
Haha I don't know.. this hot blond girl? She has great style and taste :)
Thanks for following!
omg shes so drunk!!!!! ahahahaha its so funny!
A dissenting voice! Interesting. I nearly dislocated my jaw on an Brooklyn bagel once, but it was worth it! ;-)
I am taking care of my procrastination problems you just wait and see :)
Ten minutes late to class - still in my seat before the teacher is in the room.
Atlanta Hawks kicking some Boston Celtics...@$&?
I don't know what this says about my state of mind, but Mambo No. 5 has been stuck in my head for hours.
Late night, who is going? :D
Game 2 for the Spokane Chiefs tonight in Round 1 of the WHL 2012 Playoffs.
dont grab him from me
do it! Anyways hav fun @ SD&tell TBS I'll see 'em @ warped ;)
We can live to die, but we can't die to live
we've built in both of you into our platform - would be neat if you both built each other into.. each other
Of course the toliet would overflow and flood the bathroom on the night I babysit.... ugh
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: If there is a specific company involved, contact them.
Room packed full of dudes and only one offers his seat. I love it when people are still chivalrous. #thankyou :)
Thanks to everyone who attended our networking seminar today. Stay on the lookout for more events.
Haha RT : Must be with his fake ass! me too. It must be National Follow Some Black People Day.
I'm having one of those "man, I love Austin" kind of days!!
We don't get many celebs nor godfathers in NE PDX. They're great w/ the single edge there btw.
ILL EAT THE LINING OUT IT LOL
Awesome practice! Can't wait for Saturday
Nah. Makes me even more sad, that he's trying to make us believe that the Vikings are "forcing" him to sign. Joke.
the whole No-Homo thing is really old. Mo-Homo here BITCHES!!!!
You keep putting me off like im nothing so im going to show you how 'nothing' is worth more than anything.
do you ever stay in NYC?
I really really really really don't want to present
Richard Madelely: Top authors at new Hampstead Garden Suburb literary festival
right there with ya, girl.
he said he was balling. still cant figure out how u cant come up with 2bands
oh, that looks great. Thank you! Am absolutely going back for another visit and will help to get better sense of its history.
Shot night > tipsy because I can't handle medical needles > but I like tattoos > whaa?
Thanks again to, and for giving us wonderful locations to perform!
does Jezebel take submissions? asking for a friend (really)
thanks for the RT!
I don't for a sec believe concussions don't play a role in this. But we also have a big NEED for answers/explanations. Not always so simple.
My pants kept saying, "Take me off" and I'm like, "NO, PANTS!"
We are the goon squad and we're coming to town. Beep beep!
The Onion recommended our show tonight at The Cactus Club over Chris Cornell's. Sit on that, Cornell!
i do b askin u, u b sayin u either got math thing to go to or u gotta go home. Or u b busy! But u wanna stay after skool
i love you. js.
lol you and everybody...I swear you're like the third person that brought that up today haha
4-0 vs the moroccans from astoria, i got to dust off some of my levantine arabic profanity.
Note to self: Your optimism and wishful thinking will get you nowhere. Get back to your computer and type.
Troy what is the success rate of pitchers returning to form after Tommy John's?
Big anti Walmart demo in los angeles Chinatown on
I hate it so much
#NP Can't touch this!!
At a gay bar in Frisco, CA watching fit in like a fucking glove
'i dont mean to toot my own horn' -Mikayla
true true. And as a super user of , I'd love to design the interface.
Expletives while alone in my car. Today's entry: "What the fuck! Moron!" Is this a healthy release of negative energy?
#osu needs guys who can go up and get balls like toon just did
Holy awesome! Go roller derby! via BCB Battlestars win the B-Cup tournament!!!!
#Time cover kid : Look , I'll tell ya - I get the same thing trying to break into pro tennis at 49. Ignore them.Don't break training !
RT : Pro-Gingrich super PAC bought more ad time today on Rush Limbaugh's show.
#BSBforever gotta love them and always will. :-)
You have a right to be loved and supported. It’s time for you to let go and know you are OK just as you are in the moment.
Do they do Zeppoles at the Osceola County Fair?
I don't know how to tell you that I'm done with running back and forth
#SometimesIJustWant to hear your voice
Cold case search = 1 large dog. No closure today for family of 9 yro missing since 1993. How do they cope?
I am really looking forward to the event. I have lots of great actionable LinkedIn steps for nonprofits. See you then.
It's social bookmarking, so you can save links online and then access them from any computer.
Badgers get the stop | Force a long field goal attempt | Good from 45 | (30-24 NU)
Teaching mother how to play Temple Run,
Me either. Or my followers list.
You're such a negative person..
RT : the little things always count
#LoveTeamMindless :) We Put Lots Of Hard Work In For Having To Be #1 :) #LoveThem!
thx 4 the shout out. Bay love, bay love!
Over the computer? They can't keep you grounded forever.
hey thanks RT
Many academic libraries subscribe to Leprechaun Biography Online, but you're right - she was silly to expect it at a public library!
nice photos girls
Could've, should've and would've...How about we change that to dream, create and live.
They havent forgot about the lock-out I guess.
Discussion of book-related parties is officially off the hook. Fancy Nancy Maisy Olivia Pinkalicious Very Hungry Caterpillar
most people use TweetDeck or Seesmic
medium season finale was awful. writing seemed like wrote it on real short notice. allison's whispering/ speaking annoyed me to bits!
I'm just so disrespectful. #OhWell who really cares though?
it's fantastically liberating. X
We don't want you to play because we don't want you to get hurt. That's what happens when you play in this game, apparently.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Various
My friend said "Onions are the only food that can make you cry." That was before I hit him in the face with a watermelon.
#edchat #engchat Banned Books Week is Sept. 24-Oct.1, what will you be doing for it?
I follow a lot of poets and comedians. They understand most of the time.
Thank you everybody who came out this past weekend! Can't wait til Friday to do it all over again &
#overthesummer I reconsidered having children later in life.
So what do you do when you long your TRUE LOVE and know that you'll be turned down?
android, cuz they're the only phones you can get on prepay! Trees!!!
got my phone taken away
ima pray on it. then let it go. put it in gods hands cause its nothing i can do.
Thanks the RT and all the work you do!! Have a great weekend!!!
There's a "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "us" in trust, & an "if" in life
Oh and how could I possibly forget Say Anything, Gym Class Heroes and Parkway Drive on my #BandsILove list?
no prob I really do enjoy everything you do! I hope to one day be as good.
You have inspired me to want a logo too, but haven't found the time to make one yet, any suggestions?
I love Twitter I wouldn't ruin it by bitching on it lol
RT "Why am I having such a hard time?" "I think it's ok to have a hard time parallel parkg on a hill on the left while in labor."
Are there really people who watch TV in the morning? If you've got time to watch TV, you've got time to sleep.
hey wat up this is estella
I just finished the first book last night!!! It's soo good=)
I'm terrible with telling stories and explaining myself.
I don't wanna kiss, I'm too intrigued in this chick flic. Lol
Will Seton Hall go dancing?
UL still playing hard, but game is over.Congrats to UK.
I must go on my next trip home.
Got it. Sorry for the confusion. Regardless, you are my favorite writer on site. It was probably Merckle.
Good evening.
yes please let's!
I'm banking on Jenny and her blanket making career. That sewing machine is my 401k.
Enjoying some #Tampico20oz… join the Tampico party!
AFRO HAITIAN Dance class Live Drumming! with Michelle Martin at Dance Mission Theater San Francisco tonight Tue, October 12, 6:30pm – 8:...
I've been feeling deathy ill for the past 24 hours. Ugh, pesky little germs.
Good god this burrito could feed an Ethiopian family of four.
more followers pls
Sometimes the library IS a place for napping and that's ok.
Thanks Jared! We're certain about it too :)
Launching Starting Point Church Apex Sunday February 26.... Come out and be a part of this awesome day in our church!
we appreciate your support thanks!
Some one say lunch?
now you're at the 'comfy like a broken in pair of shoes' phase. Totally underrated by Hollywood.
"Whatabox" - sounds like it should be a club on Bourbon.
thanks for the updates from #ieg2012! Sounds like it was a great event!
Doesn't even get you out of paying taxes!
love you♥
that food hit the spot :))
Took a nap, nd woke up in a crappy mood. :/.
With the Chiefs singing of Kelly Gregg might we see Franklin return to the niners?
Thanks for the shout out !
there are like 20 cardinals on our deck right now. probably has something to do with the birdseed
Huzzah! Free Microsoft mousepads for everyone!
I'm not sure being a good game is the point of Munchkin, to be honest. (Sort of like AD&D2...)
Need a palate cleanser after Shark Night. Cast A Deadly Spell should do nicely.
Just got done at cheer practice <333
I can see #IanSomerhalder as #Christian #Grey sure. But I can also see Liam #Hemsworth or Chris #Pine doing the role a solid one.
naw just the water front the room was tight ?
Nice to meet you too! It was a great article.
Its almost been a month already ;/
G, are you ready for ... "a kind of magic?"
It's there. You left it under ERASERHEAD.
I'm all for lip biting but when u tryna literally pull my lip off my face gtfoh your turning me way off. Cannibal bitch.
One of my all time favorites
GREYSON, YOU JUST LEAVE US HANGING! TELL US HOW YOU GET TICKETS!!
haha exactly! in reference to my tweet after that, this morning lol. thanks girl! good luck on yours too! can't wait 4 ours!
Someone turned up the AC in Denver...brrrr
These picadillo tacos were delicious!!
Any Japanese artist who work in NYC and has a website can apply for our plan. Pls contact us through direct message! We'll send u detail.
Didn't get no M&Ms cause a Bitch said something to me -__-
The view from the water is usually better than the view from the shore
Just realized I haven't been following for all this time, dunno how i lived w/o it, but now I am and you certainly should too!
the king decided to wear his crown tonite turible turible news for the spurs(in my barkley voice!)
What 4 words describe summer for you? A Muse Fuse wants your help with poetry prompts for its Mid-Summer Muse-ical Madness coming in July.
thanks for the RT!
Enlarge your art collection at RAA. June 10-12, silent auction, bidding wars, excitement, helping out a non-prof, getting cool new art!
You guys are good plotters... :)
“: Breaking news: Judge dismisses all counts of Lou Manzo indictment” // seriously?
Love how can quote course related hashtags off the top of his head. That kind of knowledge drives #uwsocial success!
Even GED holders think Alexass is stupid.
Reading rhetoric texts with fancy terminology. E.g. "prolepsis," which sounds like a nasty medical condition.
#CHILL bro ur blowing up my phone! ;)
yea, billa... I'll call u later
<3 LOVE you boy
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mom's out there. ;-)
this will be my third one this year alone. I have too many already.
And sometimes you just need to put all the work down and let it be.
I really want to play COD 4 right now :(
if someone wishes me happy mothers day at brunch later I will show them a pic of my cat
Thanks so much for the Pandora recommendations--I listened while doing some cooking myself! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving.
no, you can't. And it will be an adventure and memorable!
Well today has been a long day... So far.(: hahaha.(:
love you too!
4000 Colts fans did not renew their plans this year. Economy or poor football?
You need to change your password. I've already gotten 4 spam messages from your account.
Well isn't Steve Jobs the poster child for the pro-life movement.
#SometimesYouHaveTo understand this ladies: i'm gonna cum,its up 2you 2get urs before i finish.. its not
FU North Carolina. I check my spending closely. No $s of mine go to bigots. I'll spend extra $ driving around not to even pay your tolls.
earn a living! 5 minutes work for a full days pay!
i did
have a doll with his hair but dosent have a hair cut
What is the "Conservative movement" except a concerted effort to make sure the rich hold onto their damn dollars?
didn't they used to look like Jacob's??
lmaoooooo exactly !!! Where she gettin a job though -__-'
Good morning
Good game. You guys made me proud! :)
Discussing #JMS481 etiquette lesson with my mom. She has every item on the list! And now I know what a saucer is...looks like a plate to me.
Come jam w/ us at 6pm same stage.
When do you think there will be a screening in San Francisco? I've heard great things.
Checked my email for the first time since break. It's gonna be a long day today
Just made a donation. Hope he gets all the money!!!
time for break! see ya! ;)
Messed up and didn't put #SXSW on my vision board this year. Adding it now for next year!
#mohrstories would love to hear more "inside baseball" acting stuff - ever take classes, coaches, teachers, etc. Love the pcast!
Agreed. But capitulation is pretty sweet. :)
Computer: Scientists develop bio-engineered hard drives, wires - Gemini
How do Democrats feel that Obama Admin Admits: Gov’t Will Lose $14 billion on Auto Bailout?
#MartinChapman of #SeattleOccupy in the House! Martin has done *amazing* work pulling Seattle together!
Looooonnnggg drive back from Sheffield! Pass me the redbull!
Happy Birthday Dear! Enjoy
My Mother As Five Parking Tickets...Lolzz..
Hows it going...
Had a wonderful #Mothersday celebration with , and #Johnny. Thanks for making me feel like a queen everyday! Luv u guys
you only speak the truth
No way! You guys did ;P RT Thanks for an awesome show tonight San Diego! You guys rocked!
I say to hell with #fightthepower I really do feel bad for you now that you have to move to ILL!! lol
What does everyone think about hitting our goal of 200 followers before THANKSGIVING?! Lets do it!!
HAPPYBIRTHDAY BOO! :D your really awesome for having the same birthday as Mee :D haha i hope you enjoy your birthday <3 
HEY MY FAVE DRUMMER DUDE! WASSUP MAN?
Always making a way...#MogulStatus ...about to apply for my Health/Life License and get my material!!
Got Sandy's pic on Twitter for her...Now are you going to tweet anything girl?!
Typed in 'what makes you beautiful by one direction' on pandora and Jessie J came on....... Its faith Niall (': its faith!
Absolutely, contact me to set it up.
thanks so much Ro!
Finally off of work now I can go home and rest my ankle till tomorrow morning
Shawty got them crab legs, I got that Old Bay wid me!!
Just cruised past a meeting going on downstairs my building, powerpoint slide that said "White space is good." Terrible blanket statement.
Aw bitch stfu !!!!
John #Davidoff says: "4 gens in workplace: pre-war, boomers, Gen X, Millenials." Millenials know what peers want and how 2 reach them.
I like that too, but w/kiddos I couldn't listen to the first situation tonight. S word is still hard w/12 yo.
. we've got attorney from Atkinson and expert from making presentations.
Just paid $2.50 for a PB&J sandwich at UTEP. Seriously? Expensive much? A vegetarians gotta eat. Help me out a bit...
thanks Jason! Watching the game? I try to explain the stakes on this on to duke friends, but they don't get it!
Crazy day. My car just sold and I am now carless in the suburbs. Oops...
Worth every second!! I hope they do commentary on that ep!
Happy Mothers day!!
You could have the best performance in the world.. If what you saying is trash... You don't impress me
Heeheehee....wait, what?
my book came yesterday (surprise) started readin- can't wait 2 finish work 2 finish readin - great read so far
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama Vote For Him!!!
#askbieber why is he so sexy!!
Caught your article on inc this morning. Thoroughly enjoyed it and wanted to let you know.
Yes, I believe he is. Awesome kid although he'd give me a heart attack sometimes, lol
Amazing to see ideas talked about come to fruition. eg. user-created tagging for images
I'm pretty excited about the 5th kingdom. I want to be their queen.
Where do u #volunteer? Do u feel like u r #makingadifference?
seriously!! I'm like what is going on?!?!
Hello Twitter
hearing Mark Lyons is considering Kentucky. Doesn't SEC have a rule against 5th year senior transfers? U think he ends up at AZ
follow QUICK!
Miss you Mat RT : Good game boy!
Next two nights off, i wanna have some fun
Working from home on research for "Education Informatics" chapter in Scott Walter's new Handbook on Education Librarianship
follow back request.
Charter schools have contracts w/ authorized agencies that describe how student performance is measured pursuant 2 State tests
#SavvyBrandingTip: People are not only buying your product or service, they are buying YOU. You are your BRAND!
HD will definitely bring out the awfulness of Brad's kit.
So literal ;-)
God blesses the giver...the nature of giving is not the amount.
Eisenach: retrans isn't perfect. He got that right.
Missing the #RoyalWedding and loving it...
“ RT : #Leo gives us life. Without them, we would all wither and die. Good thing they are here!”
Performing magic tonight with Jason at the Wilmette Theater. Our unborn child reads minds.
My pool is finally crystal clear!! Time to go swimmin! :D
Dr. Maddow got her show from contributing to Olberman, Dr. Harris from Dr. Maddow?..HM!!!
Tornado victims still need donation items! Toiletries, water, storage containers, clothing-make donations here, &
I am pretty tolerant of bad food & bad service, but this #KFC pissed me off. I have NEVER asked for my money back before tonignt.
redneck optimism: beauty is in the eye of the beer holder
I'm getting one tomorrow !! Come see me !
thank goodness haha. someone realizes male vnecks actually look good lol
I'm doing a live demo of Redact-It by for my blog. I'll have a complete review shortly after.
Great! I have an agent who is available to help you right now - I let her know. 206-388-0804
2011 green bay packers run by or even Matt Flynn
I'm really impressed with the amount of One Direction King's Dominion plays on their loudspeakers...I approve!
Our rescuers in Albania are picking up their awards
Grabbed a cheesesteak and took the dog to the dog park. Everyone's happy here and ready for a better 2008. Best to you too!
lol #truth RT Depends on the family member lol RT RT RT if you love spending time with your family.
what good
Boy: "So I heard you like bad boys?"...Girl: "Yep"...Boy: "Well, not to impress you or anything but I know how to swim without floaties."
Yes we are so excited!
YES! YES! YES!
I love my boyfriend!
hate watching the badgers always run into shooting droughts in march
This is very cool. Thanks for sharing it. #wls2012 will appreicate this.
#NP Jewel "Who Will Save Your Souls?"
#EMAC students: if you want to sched appt to talk about registration, please email with 3 times that work for your schedule. Thanks!
Happy yesterday was St. Patrick's Day
greetings! visited Germany on business in 1987. loved it! drove down to a town near ettlingen called waldbronn.
Someone please explain this to me! Lol RT : If you're a lesbian and you dont eat pussy, what's the point of being a lesbian?
Beach today :)
Absolutely! I tried to twitpic while standing behind you on stage at annual meeting but no signal.
just follow me lungs hahahahahuhh!!
oh ok maybe later lol
The rebirth of our #hotel demonstrates our commitment to providing the highest level of service, #style and comfort to our guests.
- you are not alone in your addiction! :)
Mellow mush opening across the street from drakes in the ville
Yup, distance SURE DOES make the heart grow fonder.
I mean I like the dancing but... WHY IS IT A SHOW LIKE ABDC WITH MARIO LOPEZ!!~
All my love to and ! Have a great show! I wish I could be there!!
Our friend Recoe had a Christmas and made "dressing muffins"! I think I'll make a batch on Christmas:)
D-U-K-E who the F*** you come to see?
If you don't take care of business there's someone out there that will . . .
RIM should probably just give their customers free apps to the Apple App Store for when they switch.
I can't sleep now . #SaySomethin is Amazing. It's stuck in my head .. But's that's a good thing (;
Hey man ... who told you that you could use those pictures!
what do you mean "not the same as cudi" it's the same person :P
so excited for new songs , & have a good early birthday 😃
forgot i got a ticket for selling beer to a minor when I was working at my dads store..
i followed u
Thanks for the follow Theodore - hope you're doing well in #New York and stay in touch!
Q1) metaphor in today's class: the understanding pipe. The visual will help me remember the concept.
heck ya GURL TELL IT!!
omg!! You shouldn't drive at all!
With my dad. Got some more things done with the house and we go nuts!
what if u already follow ? I do! :)
Passing up all the awesome yard work to do by lounging out in the sun. It's really a no-brainer. Plus, It's not my fault it's so nice out.
13 hrs. We do what it takes to guarantee the satisfaction of our clients!
I am recently unemployed actually, and an aspiring drunk.
"Goldberg" chants for Ryback. Awesome.
A source of funding for museums in the next 25 years? MILLENNIALS (holler!!) It will require more thought. We engage differently
Last call mixshow Mothers Day edition we got u with the female bangers new hits for ya sick back and relax
Probably not after the whole swimsuit thing!! Who was it that told you that??
Listening to the new live album- Unlocked: Live from Georgia Theatre. So far so good!
#aam2011 fact: Museum professionals are like shaman (and not just because of awesome jewelry). Super psyched for tomorrow!
Ready to learn about 's Seminar for Historical Administration.
Its raining!!
thanks for following back. I like your sense of humor.
OMFSM. The pain. Not bad pain. Good pain. But it goes from my shoulders to my ankles. And, BTW, subspace is great for working out I found.
Your the only one I want to be kissing forever <3
more and more hugs!!! jajaja ;-)
Whats the point of lying about stuff that you dont have 2 lie about?
yo your dads in jail b?
I need a pattern that will read as both organic and industrial. I'm torn between G611 & G669 thoughts?
I'm starting to get a lot of followers
": Special Congrats to Our FB Graduating Seniors!! Good Luck Men!! Keep Working Hard to Reach Your Dreams!!"
Hahah ai Know I Told Bohanan That I Was Gonna Do It Lol.(: I Will Just Mess With You Tommrow haha(: Babel(:
I'm not even white trash LOL
Does this means fireworks are canceled tonight? #bored #raindelay CJ was bout to get lit up anyways
I NEED to meet you boyz before you guys go home :( I mean I always have to meet my inspirations! :)
i like the idea of quora, but, in my opinion, people really go overkill with the opinions.
What are you talking about?? Those stupid teabaggers didn't get ANYTHING out of this deal!!! Barack played them like fools!!!!
You got some proof for this BS you're spouting about Cal (other than making yourself feel big talking about meeting a scout)?
Can anybody confirm if there is a taco bell currently in union square? There is a lot riding on this pending information.
But wat better than the alternative. Good luck!
Earth, Air, Fire, Water. You're IT! - David Macauley
Anyone know of any good web project management book/web resources?
Explaining facebook to my mom is like teaching physics to a 5 year old.
I think this is the most intelligent thing that I have heard regarding sex work all year!
I did!
Call me. RT : Gettin up to go to hospital wit mom
WIll tomorrow's Michael Jackson Memorial end in:
Thanks to all new followers! More content to come this week!
Check out the College of Business Administration's Entrepreneurship program ranked number 16 in the nation! Many classes offered this fall
me too it actually looked like he crushed it off the bat
yes Savy and me we used to be close but than I fucked it up :(
30 Rock had a pretty funny stab at the Bay Area last night. I wont forget this Tina Fey.
Anybody need a Google + invite? DM me your email!
Bro's before Hoes!
Happy Anniversary ! I've been a fan for over 15 years, love you guys! Can't wait to hear your new stuff!
never heard a girl say they like mamas boys who like to be spoiled.
Now this Lady wanna fcking Change the Channel like r yu fcking serious? Ugh.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 57
what was this? Happy to send useful things along... :)
Well so much for that.
This year we have a single stage at the fountain.Tonight Mary Cogan, a Tulsa fav, will be performing.
#diginterp class: How about your favorite Star Wars character as theme today?
Get your records out and bring them to LP Thursday! We will be playing records all night. Enjoy the sounds of LP's while drinking wine.
Thanks! How are things down there?
So far, no puns. What the hell, guys.
I've followed you and accepted your friend request! muahaha operation take over of social networking is a go!!! haha
When we have each other, we have everything.
It's Gameday! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Thanks... it was tough, but so great to have them all in town :)
No matter how shitty my day at work is, is always the shit
The threes are going tonight!
RT Why b*tches be taking advice from other b*tches that can't keep a man theirselves ?
My teacher says nutella is good, what do you guys think?? (:
its all truuuu
Novice computers work with multiple challenges: poverty, disability, literacy. And they think the prob is them.
STOP MAKING SENSE!!! RT : . Sweat can't sign with the Pats, he's on the browns reserve/retired list
I was too busy laughing to help the lady who was thrown off the treadmill in front of me. I think I might be an asshole.
Big shout out to our new followers , and Getting us over the 250 Followers mark.
#nowplaying Sleeping With Sirens - Fire
Meetings, bright and early tomorrow. AWP begins . . .
Simple tip for improving your real estate photography....point your camera straight, do not point up or down.
If you dont be up when i be up u just dnt plan on workin at all do you? These business hours
RT Student Runs Underground Banned Books Library from her Locker bit.ly/oLzJc8
The new upgrade seems to be very jump and I can't paste things. Got any tips or suggestions to solve this problem?
TRAFFIC: Disabled Vehicle in Traffic - IB Verona Rd near Raymond Rd - blockage
Siblings reunite amid laughter, questions - San Antonio Express
I just love #louis theroux!! He's so manly !!
#HowToGetRejected: Not being One Direction..(:
that's great
Hi! Y'all wanna sign the bring1DtoBoston twitlonger!
My roommate woke up with a centipede crawling on her face. Ewwww doesn't even begin to describe the way I feel.
Glory Manchester United
Maybe some of these receivers from the crowd have a year or two of eligibility left ...
Reminder: We're CLOSED 4-5pm today to set up for tonight's Free Play Party! Just $5 at the door, no quarters needed. 21+ only, bring I.D.!
Like turtles they're real sensitive if you knock on them it hurts them, if the fall on their backs they'll die.
You've seen SLC Punk -- we all eventually wind up in law school, sans mohawk. Fists/civilsuits: all the same ()
makes me smile.
no prob, just DLed ur app, digging ur music! U ever play in Nashville?
Today is the big day, don't forget to exercise your right to VOTE! Let's repeal SB5 and celebrate tonight!
At The Barber Shop .
. i am nothing if not dedicated. ha!
"Those who spend too fast never grow rich."
ah good luck! and aw thankya i cant wait! <3
cant please everyone
San Diego bound on this movement type shit
O I love that show!! (:
No practice today means I can come home and take a nap!
#Ballard Town Hall: "Running a city government isn't the same as running a business" #seamayor ^jh
come on
It seems to more connected to hormones with men.
Paging Miss Clavel...
Welcome to Boston JaJuan...looking forward to watching you all year long from sec 304 too
Dang Missin my marine :-(
I know! Then again, not sure if the twitverse is ready for Cindi
Its so easy for me to get annoyed with people when I'm tired.
Yay! Tomorrow is finally the day! Going with my baby to the Britney Spears FemmeFatale show at the A in MIA! Can't wait!! :)
I just realized the Woman I Love is Music...Aint No Bitch Like Her. She Excites me. She's my "FireCracker". Music is My "Spark". I'm Sorry..
Thank you Scott Dvid and Robin Nassif for the awesome classes we had yesterday. The students couldn't have been more thrilled.
okay took a shower put my hair in braids okay time for bed school tomorrow ugh o well! NITE
my team meeting tomorrow night near Penn St @ 7 come by, bring a friend.
RT :) RT @ jamesandamber Morning drive in w/ @ DARRENHARDY Success mag audio series = Awesome start to the day.
re: Programming Roomate. Very innovative work.
Merry Christmas everybody! I hope y'all feel as good as I do right now!
RT:Office2010il: Not familiar with OneNote ?, head over to www.iheartonenote.com to see what real people are doing with it
tired of listening to these wack rappers mixtapes, who got something good?
Just saw a guy wearing a full tilt hat. Major tool.
OLP at the Masters Conference in DC on eDiscovery Certification panel. Judge Faciola moderates. Come & see the fireworks!
I love with all my heart
Keep up the good work! #motivation RT : killed me today!!!! Thank ma'am!!!! Getting MIA ready
very astute observation. remembers stuff only for one side....
But with you my love, with you my love, with you I will return
I wonder how Siri would pronounce 'Zooey'. Too bad Apple cut it out.
Its been about 4 weeks since New Year's. How many of you committed to stickK to a resolution and how many of you are still stickKing to it?
you're the jerk!
'Hanover' is getting 'Bentover' on Saturday.
Do it first, do it fast and keep on doing it...
what's wrong? :/
Chili Chicks n people on the stage, the dance floor n the bar....omg what a freakin party @ renegades in wpb.
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." - Henry David Thoreau
What a beautiful day in Los Angeles, I'm ready to start my day :)
I'm to the point where I just don't care anymore.
Ii Don't Feel Like Fixing Anything , So Ii Got Me A Bowl Of Cereal.
I'm watching!
RT : Artist Reception Nob Hill tonight from 5-7pm for Kim Love! www.kloveart.com
OH! Lmfao I should be going to the Believe Tour, if I don't...shit will go down & UA :-)
hid the remotes from me! Now i have to watch basketball -__-
It's a little early, but I'm watching #christmasvacation again!
That darn Box O' Joe will get ya...
No...YOU have a good day!
Donnell Jones has the best break up song of all time because he realized he was stuck in a wavery median acknowledges he love her but needed
Definitely wanna celebrate Cinco De Mayo. Who's throwin the banger?
Everyone has a uncle June bug
how can we help u this weekend?
There are very few performance opps for actors w/ disabilities. interviewed 100 disabled performers & chose 7
nice have fun
Happy Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain. – Mark Twain
did u ask her if she is interested in some part time yard work? LOL
The old me is dead and gone
Praying for you. we need you brother.
so I can only say it in dm?
No! And drat, because I could use the $1000K.
no thanks. :)
"Love Has No Pride," Bonnie Raitt; "Song for Adam," ; "Accidentally like a Martyr, Warren Zevon--short playlist
Miss ya <3 x
are you going? I hope you are phattttt as!
#WhiteSox Please take Adam Dunn out of the lineup! Please!
At point reyes, nice n foggy
I'm an idiot
Never live with regret, so I aint dying with guilt.
they probably are having him hold off until they get a clearer picture of whether he qualifies or not
Ooh thx! & yes, I remember how to get to you. Or I'll call when I'm lost, haha!
Everyone in the organization needs coaching. Top executives frequently turn to other professionals for advise and counseling.
He's 18
Some people can be so idiotic and oblivious sometimes, and can't even see whats in front of them.
:) What happened to your followers/following? :( RT : #NF again
