great website www.triggerimage.co.uk thank you for your kind words.
it's probably me misinterpreting you since it's 1 AM, my apologies. But right, that's what I meant.
ya this bites I'm tired of clowning stupid English pricks, Fuck red coats and keep smokin banner out in the sticks fag boy.
RT : Yum! Everyone go snag a cupcake while you can! RT : We are parked at the heritage building until 2:30
To change, that is the most difficult thing to accomplish. - Isabelle Adjani
Oh, the irony.
Thank you for following us!!!!!
I heard about that. I hope they tour! Would positively be over the Moon to see them live. (Have you heard of Austra?)
Happy Halloween! Goblins are invited to get some candy at the Library
ahahaha we were just talking about this ...
I'll ask around. Thanks for getting the ball rolling.
I wish I was Mexican :(
Sept. 24 with MMA BIG SHOW great fights and Rock N Roll. Cant miss this one. More details coming WOW.
Earthquake to hurricane. Quite the week.
#HappyMayDay is already trending!
Time to go home. The Honor Flight was an incredible experience for us! (@ Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) ✈ w/ 15 others)
Wow! The weather is great but wtf is up with all the mosquitos!!?
Just when you think you know people, they disappoint you in ways you never thought they could..<\3
": Don't congratulate me yet. I'm no where near where I'm gon be."
My damn stomach talking though so bye. ✌
who? Polythene Pam! She's the kind of a girl that makes the news of the world.. "John Lennon" Abbey Road.
Cute guys make you crazy, hot guys make you drool, cool guys make you daydream, but funny guys make you fall in love w/o ever knowing it.
To pray or not to pray: Why attack the Church? - The Leewards Times
Make me do what ever i aint givin ah shit, when this bullshits ova ima be dippin like ah chicken strip
that's the name of the game
Is not the "Guess Who?!" type of person. The game irritates me.
My life would've been better if you didn't step into it
cause he's not in a or garment like all the really fast folks! Better skinsuit = no apparent breasts
Sorry ass lakers
A: April 10 - details tba soon : Hi. Q: Do you know when DVD is going to be release? Thanks.
Thanks for sending that resource. It's been nice working with you!
As a matter of fact, this idea is so awesome, that I'm LOST IN EMOTION.
awesome rocky
Trying to convince the satellite campus to update their software in computer labs. Had to teach on IE 6 last night--yes, 6. ugh.
Thanks. I would love to hear more about your work. It sounds like there is lots of overlap between us. :-)
Terrible day deserves taco bell
Giants will win SB XLVI. I mean, Umenyura backs up jason pierre-paul. Pass rush will negate Tom Brady again. Eli better QB than last time
Success at the gym: check! Sunshine: check! It's been a good day, all day :)
Morgan just belched...she just declared our friendship even more!!
#thatmomentwhen you are so bored, you decide to homework.
you don't have a knife...
#OpeningDay! Go #Brewers!
Drinking peebers, watching
I hate creeps. Love hot Josh. He has the common courtesy to GO AWAY
Bradley, Holliday, Allen. All big shots last 3 trips down the floor. This is playoff basketball.
Ball game! 3-0 vs. LA. Double play FTW !
check out the newest story. jenni's noodle house. great place.
gotta love FL and their raccoons
mark pope
Getting in my last workout of 2011
Scan first if there's a readily accessible bar code. Otherwise through the browser.
got a copy lying around?
how little kids bring out the
Dear I love the White Chocolate Mocha. That is all. (*YUM!*)
Lakers need a point guard. Bad. Really bad.
MIkey! ThxFtF! Check out our show at Plush-March 22-with #SheilaShahpari,#SuzieCue and #LangenNeubacher! Rockin' good news!
congrats , i heard you graduated high school<3 we're all proud of you!
How cute c: she's luckyy :D RT : I used to kiss my gf In the forehead and take her out to eat In the mornings <3
i was disappointed by his article- his previous stuff had been decent... If SHE'S crazy, i wonder what that makes ME
I just listened the promo for 's next story on and it's awesome. Watch for it Monday.
A child seldom needs a good talking to as a good listening to. ~Robert Brault
pretty much in love with the girl security guard in miller right now.... sweetest lady ever!
Hey, it's 5 o'clock somewhere! Wait, it IS 5 o'clock, let's have a margarita!!!!
Game 7 tonight at 7:30pm! Who is going? Black & Gold! #RoadtoRepeat!
How I know I've landed in SFO on #Thanksgiving: couple having heated debate in Mandarin about baking time and temperature for turkey.
What of we gave each other a chance:)?
A7. : mother bee, researcher extraordinaire, social media queen!
Nice self control, BUT, the other 1/2 is there. Lurking. A persistent thought in your head...
I wanna go 2 the parade
that is amazing!!!
D-bags r so funny... especially knowing karma is a biotchhh!(:
A woman in my office says this to me a few times a week "What's up with your hair?" I hate her.
Send NC with them too.
Thank you too!
All candidates should sign an anti-cliche pledge. I'll draft it. We have to listen to this stuff for another 9 months.
thanks for the
It is difficult realizing your age!! One day you are 16, then 18, then 21 the one day you wake up and your kids are that age!!
Spring Break! Hope everyone has safe travels and a fun week off!
Ergonomic pillows are highly recommended by doctors to avoid neck pain and discomfort. :-)
I'm in love with tap delay
Oh yea! What are you jamming to?
Thank you! So glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for the mention Melanie. Great post!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!!!!!!!
NONE OF THIS WAS REAL.
Did someone mention chocolates?
I just think you have the shits
do each others make up
at Nandos thinking of you!
Sure Thing(:
I was a huge fan of the robot. Really showed the power of kickstarter as well. It was cool to see how far everyone had come.
“If you meet the Buddha, kill him.” ~Linji
Good luck to the #photo students of our institutional members with reviews & finals! Excited to see some of your work in the Student Show!
Dental surgery tomorrow... Hopefully some good pain meds too ha ha
what channel is it usually on?
what up Pepco it's Fiddy...we gettin buried over here son!
I miss playing Mario on the N64 so much.
your eyes...omg
Thx for research & book. Hold Fast Hanger is going on kickstarter next month!
That awkward moment when you try to play the piano and it sounds like someone threw it out of the window. Only, you know, worse.
Very irritated about having to embark on obstacle course just to get to busstop. Leave ur golf umbrellas in ur golfbags assholes.
. Elon's still on
Will do brother
I dare you to swallow cum
RT !tweet me something to do with my day off
are you doing it with guys?
ill miss you to :(
well i'm gonna wait until he corrects the d*** thing. he'll probably only give me 50% on it
Happy Friday! Today is going to be another cool 52°F. What are your plans this weekend? #biking? #snowshoeing? Have an #Adventure!
Still time to make it to #HappyHour til 8PM! Come see us: $5 drinks & select $6 appetizers
ohh no!! Feel better :)
: Summer Shankdown tomorrow night..both sides of Woodlands!
lucky you saw that movie! haha my family makes fun of me for wanting to see it! I just think it looks funny!
Might have made a bad choice there, the new MBPs are coming out soon!
"Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius, and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring". <--My fav Marilyn M. Quote!
Heey! Bring me an oatmeal cream pie.
I just finished softball tryouts at my school! Didn't exactly do well tho:( =)
So the #Royals can win at home? They will probably lose tomorrow though b/c I'm going to the game. Should still be a good time though.
I can cut you a lease deal 3 for $75
Haha, it'd definitely be the most entertaining thing to happen on that show since well....ever.
yess lol.. I want.to change my icon but I can't find a good one lol
very true! Wouldn't anyone to have too much work but none is bad as well!
I'd be devastated! :o(
I got ya! next vacation for real! MEXICO! We need to make that shit happen for real!
Update: My kitten caught the fly and if currently eating it.
A perfect Christmas gift - Rascal Flatts w/ Sara Evans tix still available for their Jan 13th performance at Roanoke CC Coliseum
That ain't renal colic. It's a flesh wound.
Imyuh wit all MY HEART
love the kitchen-patio. See you there at the end of the day to chat. I'll be wearing
My horsey won
Happy Easter Avril
I think you will be around for a little longer than 8 weeks. Actually, more than a little longer. We need you!!!
Thought I could avoid the heat by going to work out early. I was wrong. Really, really wrong.
I can't stop coughing :/
#MyPastRelationships were my past relationships. 'Nuff said.
AAVG still has strong bid... after .0019 ask is thin
Know I'm living good all dese dog hoes on me.
it was amazing;) and I'm topping it of by chating a lil on here with u guys so id have to say it was PERFECT<3
Does anyone else have a random watch or stopwatch in their house that goes off at the same time every day?
Discursive footnotes are the bomb and your style guidelines are not going to dissuade me.
and I think we can all agree UZR (thus WAR as well) doesn't really value Gonzalez's defense properly
Gov. Dayton ..."life goes on and Vikings might move on and that's life."
I can send you a free chapter if you want to have a sample. Just need an email address to send to.
that panini made me feel like i've died and gone to heaven. heaven of food poisoning and death as in actual death.
Yes. Survey results: Pghers reported we improved their perceptions of Pgh, inspired them to attend other community events
Oh look it's the little-known Lurker George, she of the rare tweets!! No worries love, already emailed you back &printed it.
One direction is all the rage xD
delta. How about you?
Wat should I wear tomrrow for school I Dnt have nuttin to put on hit mii up if yall have any ideas
If your fat is hanging out of your pants, get a bigger size!!!
you are doing your thing. We are with you.
After seeing Ryan Harrows flat top, my dream is that our whole starting 5 has flat tops next year. That would be legendary
Note to Baltimoreans: the sidewalks of North Ave are not safe from scooters.
Obama signs #Rothman bill renaming Little Ferry post office after fallen Marine Sgt. Matthew Fenton
Former Guns ‘N Roses Bassist’s Wealth Management Firm Will Launch In October via
I want homemade beer. Does it taste like beer?
hell yea its almost a done deal
Your welcome! Let us know if you need anything! Welcome to the H&H family!
Lol not really! It's near the salon where I am so I figured I would check-in for the heck of it.
So. got this opportunity to go to FL for a few days and bust out some mofudgin Tattoos. The question is. Can the jag make it again? O.o Hmm
why live tweeting the action of course. which you're doing. thank you.
Oh lol Quebec is like the only providence I ever heard of lol.
<----------Making life changing decisions...
The can opener was invented 48 years after the can
RT Ask Slashdot: Companies That Force Employees To Join Social Networks?: First time accepted submitter rubeon writ......
thanks for the invite :(
That's a work week friends. See you monday.
Going to the futbol game tonight!! No folks, I'm not talking NFL playoffs! :-).
I need reading suggestions. Just finished The Rivals and Seeds of Wither. Please help.
Someone get me icepack :(
Keep supporting us at www.indiegogo.com/g2gthedoc
": cost of 30 days for hospital discharge summaries - 2 million Medicare nursing home pts rehospitalized - $17 bill year
Best reason ever to pull over on commute home: to tweet & thank them for putting the Kickstarter over our goal! HUZZAH!
NueveMom FRAUD??? Univision Calls BS on Pregnancy
thanks love you too
God is good!
honestly I don't even remember but SOSOSO much
Fla shames Bowden into retirement - finally a reason to like the Gators
I only know one Nikon shooter and he just got a new camera.
I got D-Rose being offered too...
Good morning to all my beautiful followers
that irks me though...& it really shouldn't lmao
Pole dancing #IsASport and will be in the next Olympics. AKA Vertical Fitness
Ugh I have a headache...
Now heat trying 2 Bullie the cause they sticking in ths game & beat they ass before. w/out R MVP. Sorry ass team
seriously? I enter all of my info and then you give me a message saying what's in my cart is sold out? You're worse than Target.
lol I want a mash up of Jimmy & ... To call my own ha
But bro, He's hella sexy thoo. Ugh ! Fine as heeeeeelll
Damn YoooooUUUU English Homework!
Giving thanks to our Creator for engaging cerebral that skirt the flirt of artistic arched back center pieces...
luckily the sneaker net sufficed and I just walked the file down the hall ha
Music Theory. Best class of the day!
-- fine, if your decision model supports that choice. This is no longer the topic I needed to discuss.
yeaa im major skel. still at school b home around 4
Beautiful fall day. New album. Couldn't ask for a better start to my day.
WEDNESDAY night at Whiskey Chicks and that means our HOMAGROWN Showcase. Tonight is songwriter night 8-11. Come join us!
Seau women dressed in traditional garb are doing a silent song with hand gestures.
The Cheapest Places to Retire: Five Towns Where You Can Live Better for Less - AXcess News
They have nothing for Miami in the first round!!
“: negative! So wrong! LOL! More like OKC vs MIAMI/BOSTON” maybe the lakers vs one of the but okc not makin it
Interested about being on the Street Team? Email me:
Please tell The People that the rain will cease if they maintain faith in Our Hero.
The Giants are making this too exciting
Heyeveryone who wants to be in a justin bieber fan video!? if you support him 10000% tweet me and join in :D
We'll be in good company, looking forward to some learning.
sounds like you're just jealous ;)
yay bacon. finally.
I don't understand the sub-genres. I don't think we need to be that damn specific. And no one ever agrees on them anyway.
That was all ball lebron. I seen it
hooray! Got the cute Paul Frank bag in mail
Is getting noticed by impossible?
bahahaha that's awesome
Gotta make the most out of what I have!
you're awesome for watching :)
Rain or shine, the sky's divine
well I think that's without a question - The Smiths, but he is still the Moz - when you see him live, you remember why!
WOOP WOOP :D Sleepover at 's house :D
ME! : Who else wakes up in the morning and checks their Twitter like its the morning paper?”
OFFICIALLY DONE WITH MY FIRST YEAR! WOO! Now, if only the morning could come sooner! Corpus bound!
You ALL look great! Happy Mothers Day ladies! :)
Man, this whole day is NSFW.
Really excited to get some hang out time with and tomorrow.
amen and Chris will never ever get that trending topic I want http get him
Been gone for a while from twitter. Only thought truly I have is that I have to keep on rhyming. Hella Lagging it.
I.S.D. Locksmith Serving Pacific Beach, CA and the San Diego area, we are the source for fast lockouts
me too!
A lot of museum visitors from out of town and abroad today. You don't have to be on vacation to enjoy LDCM, come on down! Open 9-4 M-F
on my chest
so it technically wouldnt be every weekend lol. Yes let's do it.
RT : finally you reply! Lol we hangin out this weekend??! Yea homie
I have never seen so many love bugs in my many years in Florida
Just realized I have the same birthday as
love you too nigga
cuz its night
Anytime you want to paint to us let us know. We really like your work!
At the library about to watch #thewalkingdead this is my new fav show. that and #theclientlist ~
Boycotting 2012 I will not see it who's with me!!!!!
Amanda Debus and Ashley Morley may also be going :)
I used cooledit for almost two years.its fun and super easy to use.now I upgraded to sonar. whole other level! a lot to learn tho
we are at booth 6825 #NRAShow - come by & say hi know where we are!
Let's go Lakers
In last 48 hours 26 different Dem spokespeople echo same NEW song: Obamacare was really the Republicans idea. Ferris Bueller would be proud
what if the woman was at ikea on 4/20 & smoking "grass" (a marijuana cigarette)? shouldnt we stop her before she kills everyone?
M what nfl team do they have in LA? Hbhbhbhn
Over all, your teammates are ABSOLUTELY useless if they are AI. Also, camera angles are atrocious in tight quarters.
how many do you need?
internet faux pas :)
now now....don't JINX it lol
Indeed I am. Last day working at Beatley is Monday 10-4.
hello twitter, we work in a box office and strange things happen... hope you enjoy
The Pacers got the job done leave it alone
's timeline is crazy! Pure comedy. This dude is keeping it 100. Much respect to you and your successful career and activism.
One cuff-up too many on those skinny jeans paired with that hip-knotted tee, and it's rather softballesque. So glad I rethought that.
Congratulations to all of the graduates!
Just sayin, y'all should be used to watching playoff chokers. I'd fit right in in Oakland.
I miss my Sunshine :/
: funny about your last entry. My sentiments exactly, except not quite the same context...Lol!
Amazing weekends should not have to end with homework.
want want want want want want want want want want want want
Working on my tan :)
Your sickening! ;)
Good Morning #STEELERNATION,hope everyone has a
I tried to pay attention, but attention paid me.
Cool! How do you wanna do it? Like ... both do a version? Or go on chat and add on to each other's ideas?
My little stalker finally got the courage to introduce herself to me today. Aww?
Looking forward to the launch of Michael Palmer's latest medical thriller THE LAST SURGEON.
Cj and Nathan WHAT??
I wish 11:11 that all your dreams come true in Miami! <33
“: My guy comin back to the Bay this weekend! Round 2! Ding ding! #TeamWeOutChea#” yea buddy.
You should check out his dissertation. Well worth it.
What building or land?
I lost my travel mug and I'm heart broken
I never thought that would be something I would actually do semi-professionally, but it was my only job from July-Feb.
M Reese's!!
maybe. start with your name.
I've been sick for over a week now, and I just can't shake it.
The Shinning. Jack Nickelson.
.dreams are shining <3
''If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.'' - J. R. R. Tolkien
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
How long will these specials being going on at Benziger? I'm thinking about buying a case of the merlot!
............... And the fact that I'm leaving for Nicaragua in 24 hrs is freaking me the fuck out.
Thx Jaye, have a great weekend!
shredding cheese..yummy
You can be my baby mama!
Please welcome to Twitter!
I know there will be a lot of love & mutual respect when the play the Lakers.
I just realized I was hanging out all weekend with your sister! She is great! Come see Chris Garneau @ Soda Bar Wed for ur bday!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 40
AT&amp;T + T-Mobile, Ads in paid games w/ Angry Birds Update ...
Fuck off me
On that note, Self Control is back on for another 23 hours.
Whitney Houston is making this morning less morn-y.
haunt adjectival insistence like fr leavis? Or like Forster on Conrad suggest what's locked in cask of genius might be vapor.
Too much food
your new country cd is "less than" perfection?
You never know what to say.
stamp of approval comes only if there is video of W first discovering aforementioned hovercraft. merry xmas to all
Listening to tech college librarians talk about #infolit instruction barriers. Homelessness, displaced adult workers, etc. Very sad...
i was getting an oil change and massage when i came up with those
John Saunders- "A playoff would ruin college football's regular season unitl my bosses at ESPN back a playoff system."
:) if I do have to...i will just sleep in his sis bed..she us in cali(:
New Jersey in September? 8o
Is that right next to the "Delete Entire Universe"option?
Thanks so much for the Flatter Chatter!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: As a whole, we are more pragmatic than the Valley, there are advantages to this.
Tim Minchin to play Judas in JCSS. Hurrah! I'd watch his excerpts, but ... ew.
R.I.P. MCA. You will be missed.
not every day I hear quotes from the movie "Dragnet" circa 1987..
Jim, I got into JNPR a year ago after watching MM. oops. no prob. But how/when can I get out? -- a big fan
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority
....Dove Style Magazine Launch Event on February 4, 2012! More details to come!
I do the wrong things for the right reasons.
Great day on set today. It took 1,751 balls to bring one of the scenes I wrote to life.
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you.
Taj is gonna end up putting his nuts on somebody's chin again like he did to D Wade last year. Somebody on Miami needs to be carefull.
Seriously what is so fascinating about Wolfgang Puck on the RC?
agreed. for all the progressive 60s+70s protesting they wear as a badge of honor, they sure did a crazy 180
We're doing our V-Day Omakase Menu all weekend. Can't find the spot you want for Monday, try Friday or Sunday.
Hope you enjoyed your visit! Thanks for spending time with us...
TJ's are goofy, some people are telling me they are discontinued but this is the first time I've ever seen them!
yes let the doubters and non believers Inspire u 2 Greatness
Whoa! A little DIY flooring project?
5 year engagement with and !
come to mamma...
What have you been waiting for!!!!!
so your coming to chicago on friday and i wont be able to see you cause my parnets wont buy tickets and i want to go so bad):
Folding laundry while listening to and
Almost done!
NICE A.F but dont know what to do
Always at work during the games... :(
Just remembered I have a test over Islam first hour tomorrow. Lets hope Allah is on my side. #isthatrudetosay?
Who's Austin Mahone? He's and extremely sexy, cute, sweet, loving, adorable, talented, funny, amazing boy that I'm in love with :)
there really is a need for models like a story stream because users typically only get basic information from news searches
I thought You were a cancer?
I really need to have a good rant. Out loud.
when i do, i'll definitely let you and your PR folks know. hope to catch you when you tour through Chicago :)
I think everyone in my office watches #gameofthrones. I guess I should start, huh?
Ohh lol , you're playing football for Clark?
But Evanescence has 2 glaring problems: 1) No one can fucking spell their name and 2) their album cover has a girl with no nose, terrifying.
still can't believe we actually survived.. We're a gonna be great team!
You guys follow ? She's only #Seattle's best #Karaoke host, as decided by last year.
All sorts of Happy!!! I am off work. Thank u Jehova, you my dawg!!!
Happy birthday to one of the greatest tweeps, ! Have a great day, my friend! :)
Off to Philadelphia. My goal is to touch the liberty bell with a hand covered in cheesesteak grease.
Happy April fools day.
Ms.Williams just called a Mexican kid Juan which definitely isn't name hahaha #racism at PHS
call me
people are always stealing tweets from me. wtf.
That's relevant WV! grizz! They have a player from WV. I know that is irrelevant but that's my pick tonight.
I don't care what you think! I am who I am and you nor anyone else will change me! I am beautiful and unique and amazing in my own way!
My mum is gonna kill me if she finds out Im tweeting :P
RT thank you so much! : Here's to supporting the boys, <3
Thanks!! Have a great weekend!
I love the Cordy Glenn pick for the Bills. Most versatile lineman in the draft.
would you go into best buy and say you wont pay their marked price for a tv, pay them what you want and walk out with it?
Keywords contributor Curtis Marez (author of "Mestiza/o") is now the president-elect of the American Studies Association!
Grandpa Fred"awake"since 2. Then "What time is it? Oh HWY 40.Out of gas? No." Drove truck don't know how many years.Everyone's coming 2day
Big constraint RT Fire in Evonik plant (DE) takes out 25%of world prodn of CDT. Can cause global auto slowdown.
'cause this love is not a game to me. we'll survive and start an uprising.you can ignite, stand and fight.don't have in!so
oh wait...you got some freaky deaky nickname we don't know about. That's right.
in my headphones. String cheese in my hand. Try and one up me. I dare you.
Got that interview wednesday. S/o to them, bout to speak on #BoogieNightz and a few other topics.
Who is getting ready to go Streaking!??
arw thankyou. I wish you luck&hope everything goes well for you&your family
Happy Mothers Day!
not dead yet
So happy to already have my #SATC2 tix! Cannot wait for girls nite out!
I never thought I would be this excited to be economically disadvantaged!! Yay!!
Woke up thinking my weekend has started... But that's not the case.
Got kicked out of the fucking makeup room. Omg I'm so pissed.
: new book in one sentence: it's about subjectivity
Isn't that the truth?! Happy Mother's day tomorrow
i wuld say i kno what u need bt this little birdy said its to early so all i can say is ill tweet u to sleep&mention the sheets
Watching low budget movies with mah girls
LoL, and I use my "Free Speech" to change the channel! :)
What's the best part about being KPs best friend?
Ok let's make something happen, palllllease. Getting tired and my wife is Frisky. Tough choice but I smell a walk off.
I meant, we heart...
Well that's good to hear! Eh, you know how it goes, another day doin what I love to do :)
Happy Birthday !!
You tell me everything, i'll tell you everything.. #ipromise (:
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. - Leonardo da Vinci
the tigers make me sick
Me. Potential Eagles draft pick Fletcher Cox. You. Your questions. Right here. 4 pm.
Watching one of my favorite movies, Juice
Unlike a lot of people i actually use the computer .
Hanging out in Cairo, Egypt this week
#ff my irish bitch
Thank you for following us and supporting the arts!
Great interview at Tip Top Atomic Shop this afternoon. A fun Bay View business now 10-years strong.
hope you all have a wonderful wednesday :)
you have him on twitter?
Everything's here for us and nothing is ours-- Jeannine Savard reading at
JA's suck. I'm lookin at you
A little bit off the subject, but do you think Bryce Harper has a chance to be called up to the majors in Sept. If not, when?
Blizzard is god
Excited to be speaking at MetroState University tomorrow. I'll share tons of info about the changing jobs economy
Etugwleuuuuuhglkswaglw........ that's what i say when you look at me;D <3
“: I'm so happy and grateful to have such intellectual, artistic, and spiritual stimulation in my life!” A #mudmelt moment? :)
“: UK”All Day
I appreciate the RT! We want to prepare students for success!
he gone. Thank u. Kim is just murdering everyone. If this is how fantasy football is going to be I am not participating.
RT MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE IS INVITED
- yeah, I think a friend introduced me to that song when it came out. I had no way of accessing any Soft Boys stuff at that time.
Some of these Spotify apps are pretty cool...especially TweetVine and Filtr
you guys were amazing fyi on thanksgiving in MPLS thanks for playing :)
All my niggas come back this weekend.
still got that 4,506 followers. good. (;
no aerial silks in 3rd trimester. I'm just saying.
please answer! How tall are you? And what is your foot size! I'm thinking of making you something
.... and then I got in trouble at school.
#AGREED. Couldnt happen sooner...
tony took 3rd
Jimmy mfn' Garrison. That is all.
thanks for the shoutout! :)
You've earned it!
Do you think my new pet likes water?
I can't believe u r at a bar. I'm at home pacing around silently.
FYI: USUALLY never a good idea 2 RE-bite ur lip in EXACT same spot again. Blood running down my NECK! hant fel mu lippths, fel wooz...*WUMP*
Future Homeowner! We have an accepted offer on home in Western Springs, IL!
Gnarls Barkley IS Cee Lo Green? What is this sorcery?
Forgot to tell you guys about all the great used rock lps and cds we bought this week! All priced and ready for you to take home!
“: ... They rap and play hockey #hitthemupladiesss” UM YES LADIES
Every four years or so, a generation of sophomoric Internet commenters has to learn about reducto ad Hitler.
I need a hug
Never understood why Tim Horton's isn't in NE Ohio, since they are in Western PA and Central/Western Ohio. Dunkin domination?
Brandyn is such a cheese head(:
#Bmorecycles Clean Your Files Day for businesses is a way kewl idea
Definitely will. So sorry I didn't remember this meeting I have tomorrow. No yummy Hawaiian for me. :(
It's great to connect with all our NEW Followers! Please Like us at www.fanmailshop.com and follow us on Twitter.... Happy Tweeting!
and I'm really on here. Which is why I'm just now seeing this.
I love <3
Bring it on life((:
Melissa - so glad you enjoyed my blog (Sophia's Children?). We can also connect thru FB & my newsletter. Goddess threads!
Met Ball tonight!!! Cannot wait to see what everyone wears
a great night! Drove to OKC after butter-filled lunch w/you & , then to DFW w/ right after the show!
Imma be under the mistletoe, with you. shawty with i
Yes, those are awesome!
Wow, what an inspiration this woman is. A true Survivor. Bless her.
#SHOUTOUT to .... thanks for the shout out lol
McClung endorses light rail network for Twin Cities?
When my #soundhound doesn't know the song I know it's some shit. Thx DJ
I just Love them..Hope even you'll like them :)
How long til McShay knocks him for indecision?
Unfortunately, I believe a lot of it has to do with ratings for news networks. Discouraging if you think about.
That was a very apt metaphor!
The Brad Paisley and concert last night was awesome!
Hey! Me too! Jon chose that movie I jumped outta my seat when you know who appears!
your fault
My body keeps going from hot to cold. Now I feel dizzy and nauseous. This article on performance-based financing isn't helping either.
looking forward to going back to studio while still working on some of my unique shoes inspire by my African heritage and US education
Come to our tennis match duh
BE CAREFUL. I love you.
Brown Eyed Girls, definitely.
Tonight is here! 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.,
It's not time to get out of bed until i have to pee
My grandparents are at my house!!!!
Sorry everyone its hard to talk with people in tweetland but hi chris here how are ya and if in az say what's up nighty night
It's OK to look through the window, but don't open it or crawl through it.
Is anything missing from the wordle, what stands out? patience, impatience is missing, passion and empathetic words appear a lot,
- Sending good Nashville vibes your way! Can't wait to hear it!
pricing information will be released soon
witty very witty, regardless Mike Curtis is long over due to be considered as a Hall of Famer, hopefully 2012 is his year.
I suspect #DowtonAbbey is a big prank where my peers mimic my parents. ("At last! A historical British program where nothing ever happens!")
Haha, tell me about it!
Tonight, BET Awards Wknd Resumes with J Cole, DJ Khaled, and DJ Future @ Playhouse!!
“ Have fun, enjoy life and dismiss all negativity. Be The Best even when people think the Worse of U. Let God Be The Judge”
And for some of these degrees for the courses that were taken, are not being utilized in the business areas as they once were before.
Merry Christmas to all of us from Apple Spice Junction! Best wishes in the New Year!
Continued HUGE thanks for food donations helping host to NW Earth & Ocean & Columbia City Bakery. You rock!
So..... did he or didn't he CHEAT? I hear there are pics. hm
“: IF YOU WANNA COME TO MY HOTEL #throwback” Thats not a throwback.
Hibberts hosting a block party, and the whole Magic roster received an invitation.
so, not seeing my dad today. My sister is stuck in houston so she cant drive us. oh well, next weekend is the week :)
Girls in music videos, period. :(
The story tells what happened: the poetry that would happen.
I say yes & AMEN!
ik and he doesnt even check it!
Giants bolster TE group by signing former Cowboy TE Martellus Bennett.
I think my friend secret is coming
Denver city... Nuggets
Half empty — unemployment stubbornly high, property values soft in certain Markets, and private capital yet to return to mortgage markets.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone
I knew he'd be on SNL tonight cause he put #SNL at the end of his tweet last night. I'm so smart ;)
I honestly coulda had a 20 minute conversation with you at the game and not even remember
Lets go Panthers!
Tickets now on sale for the second screening of ILEGALES! Sorry for the delay.
Thanks. Twitter is a handy tool. Thanks for following!
So I hear b*tches tryin to double team my cousin !!! That's sh*t is #dead.. Please don't do it!!!!!
BJGE signs with the
let's get real red neck I can't fucking wait
It really bothers me when rich niggas say theyd be happy regardless of they money.
That's why he's a sleeper in first place. He's so young. RT looks like your sleeper went to sleep on 10
What would be a awesome game in the 2012/2013 season.
I hate being far from you :(
Tibs is such a lucky boy!
agreed! Watched the last fifteen minutes or so and was hoping for a weather update / interruption the whole time.
Carey Price and Ovi in the #NHLAllStar game? Really? I just threw up in my mouth.
hey there Brandon! Thanks for following. Im excited about this contest.
nor should one ever walk into 22, I know I didn't lol
OMGOMGOMGOMGOGMG You're following me!!!!!!I just died!!I love you Ash<3
Everybody makes mistakes.
Well you'll need to follow me to get the low down on who it is (as well as some exclusive apparel) ;-)
that would be nice lol
3,000 people participated in Portland's Zombie Walk last October. That's weird. just sayin...
hey lady! How are you???
the Thigpen in KC that Gailey coached would be fantastic. The one that played briefly last year would not.
King loses battle; discipline bill gets prelim Senate approval.
Any ETA on android application?
Chill night
Bruce Wayne kinda shit..
Made in Jersey star looks like a young Fran Drescher.
It's a beautiful day to watch tennis as the men and women of are hosting the here at Gates TC.
I'm just like everyone else: I put my straight jacket on one buckle at a time.
Aha . i see
Oh yeah, that's right! The "evidence" we smoked made us forget. RT : got some free coffee, harrassed some bums, ate donuts.
Wow...New Hampshire....maybe I was wrong when I called it the Texas of the North...so did that Medical Marijuana bill go though too?
completely deleted Facebook, instagram, and tumblr.... idek how long im going to keep my twitter...too distracting
Greyson, you need to tour in America right after you finish writing. You could record on tour!! :D
Good Morning to u too!! I will tell Daisy and Rowdy u said hello :)
Where the hell has been?!? I can't even find this kid anymore :/
Congratulations to our #ENTOURAGE photo contest winner - our fans voted his picture the Best in
same. It sucks
Last semester I wrote 96 pages worth of research papers. This semester I wrote 42. Young IA majors, turn back while you still can. Geog > IA
Admit it. We've all looked at a hot dog and had perverted thoughts about it, at least once.
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Abraham Lincoln
I feel like hittin the lab
Dear Dad: When is a good time to retire from being a sperm donor?
Crawling in my skin #weekend where are you?
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
Rock and roll.
S/O To My New Follwer!!!
Resting up bf my gig at Siba, you comin out?
Off to a rocky start this morning but we've arrived at union station. Get your soup, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash, barbacoa, al pastor
In other news, good morning, y'all!
My jane doe<3
Westwood One and Dial Global are merging, according to our RAMP Breaking News e-mail.
oh so you tweet "I Hate My Face" LOL SO DOES EVERYONE ELSE. GOODBYE.
i have a picture with all my nigguhs before the wiz concert in that same spot lol
Diplomatic in my approach,vibin hard w/ politicans
i dont have a condom on me
Can You Follow Me.?(: #StandGRAND.!<3
It seems like you're ready
Wow, alchemist is coming together now
i know, right?
despicable visions... foggy ya glasses...
It's kinda hard to do any work when I can't get properly logged onto the computer. Stupid password change...
make sure you let your friends know to follow!! I will be giving away free CDs, books, tees, and more starting 1000 followers
Thanks for the retweet Angela!
Rehearsal is a beast you have to tame every day.
The wine is chilling the goodies are being prepared & we are set for a wonderful evening! See you soon for Winter KISSes heartspark!
Everyone have a safe and happy turkey day! We are open all weekend for you holiday gifts!
I put the STD in Stud and all I need is you ;)
yeah ok so i aint gonna get a tweet from so... yeah. that was a fail. hahaha
hey miranda please follow me
Ha. Road Warriors.
That pic looks extremely funny.
note to men, plenty of women without rings to hit on.
So happy 2 seeYou 2.Worth loosing sleep for & you make a better show, better vibes!
You might live in Idaho if one of the "daily deals" in your inbox is for shotgun rental and firearms lessons.
Im Maori , Kai means food . Call me food .
YOU REALLY NEED TO FOLLOW ----> Gonna love her tweets!!!♥
State superintendent lists reasons to toss East St. Louis school board
That kid got to meet !
What will you call it?
you're a joke. Just quit now
Thanks my man! Learning from the best!! ;)
Court the venue.
Sometimes I need to tell myself everything's okay.
Sounds like a fabulous plan to us!
Such a nice #lazysunday. A few good meals, a couple walks around the neighborhood and lots of boob tube :)
Barves just put up graphic about Reds bullpen. Turns out it's the best in the National League.
So someone must be trespassing...
daily #dressage tip: learn to use long linse: builds muscle, lets u see whats going on w yr horse + gives beginner riders correct feel
you give good tweet, Emily
It's a good ol' fashioned hate, a simpler hate.
18 years ago, a canadian baby boy with a big talent was born. :) that just so happens to be you! Happy Birthday!
THURSDAY HAPPY HOUR @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS! GET HERE NOW
you should be glad you left, because I'm too much for myself to handle let alone you.
#youknowitshot when your air conditioner starts to melt
First Home Movie Day bingo! Winner gets 2 tickets to the screening of "Amateur Night." "Kissing" and "Playing in the snow" were key
Want to send a huge congrats to my former colleague Michele McLaughlin on being appointed President of !
What can't there be a GREAT brunch place called: The Gym.... so I could say; "I've just spent 2 hours at The Gym!" #MarryBacon !
Finally, a general statement about how rights is not the same thing as saying "don't pass this law."
My love life is so empty
I still don't know anything about what is happening.
RE $3.99 sale on The Power of Less: Awesome! I'm going to buy more than one so I can share.
Not online but on t.v. w/ Time Warner Cable, it's on Entertainment on Demand, Channel 107.
you're such an inspirational baddie.
You too! Nice to see you on here!
Basking in the rain
Watch Kobe, they would learn how to play like a champion. “: sorry bro but the Bears took a L at the crib! Lol”
Digital tools enable new interpretations by allowing us to read in ways formerly inhibited within a primarily print culture
A sentiment which is self refuting, since it attempts to be a type of wisdom and yet claim that something (music) is better
im great, but i feel amazing now <3
Morning All
Research and Markets: Monthly Review of The Russian Car Market - January 2012
DM me your email.
wow, weird. But I like the part about the gum :)
I just discovered , and there goes my next hour.
Surrounded by little kids at the playground...super AWKKKKKKKK.
Have worn lens for 10 years. Went to the eye doctor yesterday. Said I have 20/15 right eye 20/20 left. No need to correct.
The bats were rocking tonight!
Started work at 12:30 and I'm already dangerously near my WTF limit for the day
Took a lucky play to beat Hank
wish I remembered what I said....
OH in office: Him- Man, the Houston Texans have a pic on FB with 591K likes!! Her- I give up.
The #RedSox & #Yankees have won 12 games in which they scored 14+ runs - more than all of the other AL teams combined.
Left, right, step up to the spotlight.
you get my msg bro?
This is the best #nbaplayoffs I've seen in a long while.
thanks for the shout out!
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. ~Henry David Thoreau
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Truth hurts but the lies kill
Extremely motivational...Great read, thanks!
thanks for the
Great to meet you yesterday and look forward to future participation!
So who likes Diggy Diss on J. Cole?
wishing Mouth of the Midwest a great launch...
do you know why is going to Vegas?
... I've gotten 3 colds in the last 2 weeks!
Haha, I know, right?! It would be easier if some people knew how to text back. JILLIAN! (:
Women are sensitive, they over think every little thing & they care way more than they should, but thats what makes their love so strong.
Wat sup cuz call me now
And don't tell me you'll check up on me cuz that's wat "friends" do
Today ends the worlds largest printing equipment show DRUPA. Over 300,000 attendees. mark your calendar for the next DRUPA June 2-15, 2016
yeah man! For sure
u are most welcome! We <3 you!
DOUBLE RAINBOW
When i crave somethin i go get it! Lol
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
im currently reading it too! Flipping back to that front family tree is gettin old real quick
On average, half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
you know im not kidding.
In White Momba we trust.
OH in Wisconsin: "I've never said "That's too much cheese." or "Don't fry that."
aw! Hope you enjoyed your visit. Catch ya on the next trip to DC (soon I hope!) :)
I'll kick all your asses don't talk to me that way!
On campus: Check out the wonderful Mexican folk-dance troupe performing NOW on the student quad.
ha that's awesome :D
you are killing me with your ski news. I hear dumpage over there. Cortina is supposed to be awesome!
Ha! RT you're not anachronistic, you're vintage.
Movie night!
You're driving me fucking crazy.
learning the DJ board at the station, www.99thejoynt.com
Starlin drilled with a fastball in the left hand.
too cute
Phillies..... biggest collapse since the Indiana State Fair? Probably too soon on that one....
My library bought a button maker, and I got to play with it today! We're making custom buttons for summer reading.
Excuse my language.
Follow my buddy for financial literacy advice!
Note to presenters: if link doesn't work once (or after 2nd, 3rd, and 4th clicks), clicking link just a FEW more times will NOT make it work
when i texted asking who you were.
Some rockstar engineers do get $500K+. I'd argue teachers (rockstar teacher = 10x average, same as engineers) are higher leverage
yeah...that stinks. Oh well, I can't win them all...
I miss my xbox 360 :[
Who doesn't love free breakfast? Nominate your company by tweeting and use #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. Zipcar members only.
Time off? Isn't that called death?
"Better to be poor and walk in integrity than to be crooked in one's ways even though rich." Proverbs 28:6
I needa start looking for someone to dread this hair though...
it's not really a flavor but I love oreo covered vanilla ice cream cake!! :D
facebook...search joridel
2 tickets to the Times Cinema for just $10!! Comes with FREE POPCORN! www.crowdclick.com
“: there we go! I'm listenin to Mötle Crüe right now! U got any favorites?” Nice! Shout at the Devil!!!
Sweet--good luck! Oh, and thanks for all the love on Soundcloud today--deeply appreciated!
I'm on it!
I like fam or homey a lil better than yo lol.. What's up with ya?
I swear to God people cannot drive
Thanks so much! Let me know if you need any questions answered.
#MyLoveIsLikeAStar I think is amazing and inspiring. I honestly don't care what you think, your opinion is invalid.
happy BDAY :) have a good one :)
Hey how about "So Many Girls" by !?!
My guess is they're testing to see if Brown's recent state-level action is suppressing the anti-PLA vote.
Booze it or lose it.
How can we help get more of your area students to apply for scholarships? Can we work together to get you some materials?
....in our household. So prenup or no prenup; laws or no laws, the burden is for BOTH the partners/couple to pay
#LTBroadcasts "The government at Washington has formally declared a policy of non-intervention in Nicaragua" (4/16/31)
Making a film, never mind a video takes a lot of hard work but so worth it because it's something I love to do!
- Hey to your audience. Explain Lists! :)
RT : New Girl Culture course revolves around my next - Francie Nolan in Brooklyn during Recession of 2008
omg same here!!! Skirt plans=canceled -.-
I don't think Kansas needs to be dragged into it.
Your PokerStars page is for Googlers to find you. Twitter is the best place to make contacts.
your both douchers
There's no runnin' like Snow Runnin'!! Get ready.
so when are we doing the draft #titans #imdraftingblackmon lol
never liked the idea of trading one borg for another...
what's wrong with teh computer?
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job...
Saw that, too...lol
sure. come to Dublin! or I can just email it to you ;)
I feel so outta control right now!
when are you going back to your house
it's awful Doo
is about to make a buffalo chicken breast sammich! Oh yeah!
#dontthreatenmewithagoodtime. RT : Who wants to meet at Skin in Scottsdale around 2 for a little HH & LD's?
Looks like my purchase of any more apple products will be on hold until I learn more about the Jason Chen iPod saga
Boston on air shifts Sunday and Monday
Hope everyone is having a good Tuesday. Hope UR looking forward to my new article tomorrow.
"we stop checking for monster under the bed when we figure out it's inside us" 1: i never checked, i jumped right in bed, and 2:i still jump
Dear Twitter, I have neglected you! Please forgive me, I'm back. :D
Frenchy is responsible for all those abused animals in the SPCA commercials.
DAWW HE'S SO ADORABLE
- How about a TEArdrop Tattoo Party?
Nice meeting you tonight Drew. Great work as always!
racenation.com is a free social networking site for #triathletes, #runners follow us and visit our site!
The new iPod Shuffle is outselling the new Nano because apparently the touchscreen isn't worth an extra $100.
Whatching "Michael Jackson Life of An Icon". Really great quality documentary. Miss him...
Trying to finish up laundry and cleaning before work so I can start packing.
It doesn't matter how old or gangster you are, of a toddler hands you a toy phone, you answer that shit.
Congrats to my sister for running the half marathon this morning in time 1:51:01!!!! That's awesome!!
I got bad memory so if u fuckin wit me u gotta fuck wit me consistently...
It should be moist, fluffy and light. Maybe there's a story I should do.
GO BADGERS!!!
#DLDay tweet chat tomorrow at 4:15 PST. Care to join in? How we make meaning with texts/transactional theory
Marty in Houston: Worth noting that it's like 72 degrees here now, and doesn't feel muggy. It's an awesome words can't capture.
50% OFF today!!! USE code CLE50 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
So the doctor said all my dad needs is anti-siezure meds and they said he catscan looked good
#ff these peeps or have a sh*tty day.
Matthew Feger of #GotYour6 commitment: 500 colleges pledge to become more veteran friendly via
It sure won't like with the
Our company's opportunity provides a proven way for anyone with a strong work-ethic, and from any walk of life or background
that's the right place.
havent heard anything. Still pieces of car around where there used to be a sign
Chicken, home made fries and corn. I be bored lol
Love your site - you have a distinctive voice and obviously know good storytelling. Looking forward to staying in touch.
Paper-thin walls. Woke up to the neighbor's music (with singing) of Salt N Pepa's "Push It." Interesting way of waking up. Morning, friends!
Great night hanging with an old graduate school friend, good collaboration and idea session
sorry to have missed the #IOLchat - checking the hashtag now : )
I can't do my homework
yup you sure are cool Louis.
it's just sacrilege! i can't look at Farve in purple...
will have 3 new demos to be released next week and maybe a sneak preview sooner!
Queen Elizabeth I~ Anger makes dull men witty but it keeps them poor.
Girl you already looked good! :) RT : You rocked Shasta.So proud of you.You made me look good to producers.
Thanks for the #ff!
I'll tell you dunn, I must be work'in out to freakin hard! I'm so full of fire there's no-way to fall asleep easy... The Blood Burns High!
if you love locally owned and lovingly made soap, give a follow!
Thanks viewing,. stay in touch for more pics.
Didn't study but I feel decent about that test
a real label, watch at to how much more he changes IF he gets signed.. smh wat more does the kid need? -_-
Yes, send them to www.findunifi.com and we will let them know when the Beta is available!
drink some water, you're probably dehydrated.
When the hair finally turns grey! RT : When does Todd McShay replace Mel Kiper at the main desk at the NFL Draft?
So what to do if your mom just told you she already read 50 shades of gray and thought it was kind of "meh"?
Moving by yourself, with no help sucks
hang in there Jess. :)
I just want one of those relationships that be in movies and on Tumblr pictures. I want it to be perfect.
Yup hazel :)
That nigga from Kansas a dumb ass all he had to do was hold it
OPened in new location 1126 18th Sacramento, CA ... come visit!
That looks amazing!!!
Just got Temple Run on my iPhone. Horrible idea...so addicting
Thanks for RTing that, Helen. Funny, too, because I only recently tried hawthorn berries myself -- delic
After 10 games, we know this about the #Brewers: They should try and play the Cubs as much as possible.
I'm clearly not getting any work done so I'm going home
what are the tour dates
I wish i was good enough for you
I didn't bring you any snacks today but i'll give you 50 cent so you can grab a bag of chips
Good Morning Friends! RT “: Good Night mixy neighbors! #muchlove”
Good afternoon ALPFA Milwaukee, Don't forget about our Walmart Leadership Event tonight at 7:00 pm in Lubar room N440.
Sometimes...just one person can make the difference.
Im not really a big fan of candals on a cake what if that person has a bacteria and blows it,Then I guess everyone gets a lil b-day present
follow first :)
how about crocheted flowers?Sticking w/pompoms tonight but can bring flower pattern book in. Brought home 2 skeins.finished one
Love the fact my Top 25 Most Played songs are all depressing! Lol
You're the one I still care about while I don't care for anything or anyone else.
Dear God, please let school be over with I can't wait any longer 😢
Animation tests are complete and sent for a job in Seattle and in Los Angeles.... I'm praying I land one of these jobs
Tweet about fear of frilly hotel bedspreads → Great chat over tea w/ about product ideas & SFO vs. NYC vs. YVR tech scenes.
Sure, I'll let you know. GSPYW essentially made a G+ page a must for any person, place or thing that wants max search visibility
#BeCAUSE when I raise my arm my wrist is almost 8.5feet in the air
i was at LGA flying to jacksonville for Amelia Island for Retreat :)
Hey Tam, I love you!
follow me please rep
Swamp Thing with wings made me wanna run to a tattoo parlor and then wuss out at the last minute.
“: Meth wrote me the only essay to tell me why he banned me for some basic shit lol smh” OL' Top flight security ass nigga.
Ah i love u rent reharsal. There @ happy? :)
Congrats on your new baby!
True, except they're not persons - they are mouths with a few other small, wrinkly body parts dangling off of them.
$57.31 turned into $214.00. Just pay your city taxes people.
at class (:
I have yet to submit my missing book reports, so you are in the clear. I hope your mom likes it!
my new rap name?
How are my AMAZING tweeps doing today :-)
stop tweeting about it I'm jealous
Steve, he's a player rep
you rock! Have a great day!!
opps i meant who is conducting the interview. The radio host?
DHS will not be implementing the proposed changes to Medicaid reimbursement rates for personal care travel time.
Ima proud ass bi-racial bitch !!
BAHAHAHA yeah not so much... Lol
That's incredibly sad. Clearing out all that old bar memorabilia must have been hard and devastating.
lol i know! i put my hair piece on the other day and was like "wow!"
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Age-based #Curfews do not reduce crime.
You have a quicksilver mind. A brilliant writer
Theres Alot Of Money Talking And Bullshit Walking Around Here
THANK YOU - I love the #Third Ward in MKE and am so excited to share it with others on the
A great way to start the day!!
I'll do what I want. LOLJAYKAY no, I love you Alex don't fight me
they're not playing that
:( i feel your pain, a-moron
When I get on Twitter: Welcome to Twitter. Find out what’s happening, right now, with the people and organizations you care about. ♥Bretana♥
yep! It didn't work :( What email can I send to, to get support directly?
I've got a Gulf of Oman Tribute video rendering now ;)
#asksoc Thanks for great conversation and stories!
Nicholas Cage <<<
I'm honestly sick of it were trying taco bell next time your home!
Hahaha! RT : When Adam from Man vs. Food dies, his tombstone will read, "Today, food won."
Its always a good time to play basketball
Cant sleep :( hmu :)
I have to say I completely agree with you there.
♥ yr inspiring as usual.
My fb not workin mines must b the only 1
Good Fukkin Friday Gang!
Anyone know any kids books about the Paralympics? Would love to add something to my collection!
Rachel being back...ugh! Her laugh is torture
The Handy Craftsman is looking to partner with locally run websites, blogs and small businesses. Please contact
Yeah, only a couple of people smiled at that one… glad someone out there was paying attention!
that's Minnesota for you. Welcome.
Is it true we're going to get close to being in 40s overnight?
Officially taken the day off.
shes good!! Lol she could put me to sleep haha its soothing! Do you like Kings Of Leon?
Goodbyes are not forever. Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean I'll miss you Until we meet again...... R.I.P. Mamaw Judy
Aww..thank you! Very kind.
have fun in London!!
What's going on with you musically, when are you coming back my way?
♥ I hope you love all the support and things I do for you !!Just reminding you that your my role model :]
Bout to leave for school.... :/ throat still hurts :(
No Mangold this year which is ridiculous.
You guys been to www.builtbywendy.com lately? Now that is a crazy web experience...
Bigotry and self-defense are not mutually exclusive.
Sorry to hear that.
you're welcome!
Just got in our Vampire Counts Models! Flipped through the book as well and it was very well done!
I wanna try doing crossfit, but I know I'll fail miserably
#mightymullet is one of the best heritage fests in FLa. havin fun, eatin smoked mullet?
thanks! In my house...interesting...
thts one of my christmas presants. Cant wait to open. So excited.
no. Kayden I honestly love you. I still do even through everything. I don't lie I tld u that the 1st day we talked..
DOJ purposefully ignores the staggering drop in price of e-reading devices thanks to the competition created by agency model.
Good idea: if anyone is from the Dallas area would love to meet you
Apparently driving past Queensland St while listening to Queen broke something because I immediately saw a man riding a TWO-STORY BICYCLE.
Happy birthday to my fave goalie! Hope your present is another win. ;)
OH YEAH BOSTON YEAH
Mark Sanchez sit down, #TimTebow has
I haven't driven my car since last Friday lol. Feels weird but I love ma baybbeeee
Hey. Seriously. Listen. This guy loves you. RT " love this guy."
Felling very creative right now. I feel some new *CHOREO* coming soon! ( ;{ Any good classes in #Houston?
Considering tweeting a short story or poem from our site, 140 characters at a time. Good idea? Like a micro-book club :)
Need more alcohol.
Need a break from cyber shopping? Happy Hour tonight 5-7
we are now!
let's go when Suril gets back into town
Email Travis, yes! Right now probably The Muffs and Josie Cotton and of course NikkI!
@ a good spot right right now!
What do you do? Job hunting is always a blast, huh?
lol greedy ass
Just saw a guy wearing an orange Chris Shelton player tee with the sleeves cut off.
What numbers might be off?
Perfect, thanks Patrick!
What a clear morning after that welcome #rain yesterday.
allow the kids to show the librarians how to be teachers
That was so cute!!!
Short nap and then back to the airport... Honolulu or BUST!
keep pushing ......i gotta win
RT Looking forward to meeting up with awesome #edtech gurus!
Prepping for convention this weekend... you should keep an eye on us, we're showin' out!
You can't get to heaven half off the ground.
Ughh, weight room... again.
The guy with the wrist watch!!
I know why dem white boyz so skinny now hah
Hard! Word! Dig it!
So , I'm at the dentist & these mf's have a damn needle on the treat /: yikes !! What are these people trying to do !?!? Lol omg
Would love for you to check out our film. www.bordandbredmovie.com
Canadian Magician of the Year, Richard Forget, lectures on stage magic tonight at Toronto's Hat and Rabbit Club. Non-members,$15 (7pm)
your story is so inspirational! I can 100% relate to it. Love your stuff and thanks for the follow!
All instruments have been tracked and recorded for our album. Vocals start tomorrow! Here... We... GO!
The people on my big fat American gypsy wedding don't deserve to be called #Americans 🇺🇸
Well im going to bed c: maybe i'll see you tomorrow :o !
President told ABC News today: "I think same sex couples should be able to get married."
Getting ready to shoot our short film 'Anna' over the weekend. Stay posted for photos from the set.
I can do it :) Am I allowed to?
I can't stand how you can't tell me things straight up, instead I have to find out through everyone else. Nice. Piece of 💩!!
If the brewers do not give a similar contract to Corey hart I will be very upset!! Come on
FLASH my neice Alyssa , 10 yrs old is singing National Anthem at Milw Admirals hockey game sunday! I am so proud.
We really ought to make a mockup of this. Participatory fan culture ftw! (An excellent grading procrastination technique.)
good thing you were in the bathroom.
Is that the one at DeSales Corner?
Good morning to you too!! It is a beautiful day!!!
wow, finally on twitter!
Happy Friday everyone! Great weather. Looking forward to this being the beginning of more outdoor photo shoots.
my official letter was just sent to !! Looking forward to hearing back! Thanks so much!
never have i ever felt like i had so many friends/so popular
That would be an "impermissible benefit." RT somebody buy Watford a clue
no tweeting at sea
so younger Americans can become St Reps/Senators. I think we need to incorporate younger values & ideals into current systm
like he saw Jesus
Yeah, you still haven't made it back in my good graces, Alex.
Gotta love a game-ending fight. The #STLBlues just thoroughly embarrassed the
I want to see Artest lay out Barea next time he drives
Beastin' on this Michael Jackson game with the lil sis.
you can rename him Carrots. Or Skinny Cow.
Did he look disappointed?
Kevin hates my house you guise
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, so here's my number so call me maybe! Thanks for getting me hooked on this song!
: #CanIBeHonestWithYou I don't see myself being in a relationship anytime soon. I want my next to be my last
seriously gets better and better every #sunday night. Hannah makes me want to run around naked 247 with no inhibitions.
Describe your past week as a type of landscape or a weather forecast.
Rest in peace my hair, we made a great run.
they're great! Did you ever hear the song they did with blink-182?? Well actually i think only the singer was featured in it
#cvcouncil Goal setting/visioning is messy but important work. Thanks City Council for taking on the task.
Communication disorders are among the most common disabilities in the United States. Speech therapy can help.
I am so ENVIOUS! London-yay! How long does it take you to get there? Enjoy, enjoy (and please let me know your adventures!).
what? I'd be running around. Ha jk. I dont think I knew you had a puppy... Maybe I do remember it being mentioned
Brett Favre is coming out of retirement to backup/mentor RGIII.
Having an unhealthy relationship with my new phone.
Haha I want a mama Juana and the pool!!!
Be #thankful for things we have, beacause there are people in the world who have nothing at all
Ma ma ma money is the motive! RT : ha I guess :) all I need is the $
Who is ready for a customer appreciation party? Come see us this Friday from 5-7. Lots of fun, specials, freebies.
The case of who spilled the PBR in the hipster bar.
I love you more. :)
Monday through Friday at 10:30a we pass out sandwiches to our #homeless community members so they can have a take-away lunch.
“: You're annoying me. Go play in traffic.”
Maybe we will free the artwork or.. maybe not...
The Knighthawks fundraiser for CURE Childhood Cancer Assoc. TONIGHT from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m. at Scotland Yard Pub. Newman fr BEE!
E! Only one more day until my trove of polish from arrives. I should prob skip work and just wait for the delivery boy.
A bunch of staffers are in Orlando this week for the 2012 PGA Show. RT for what you'd like to see!
I hate when the bus schedule changes & the driver is the last person to find out.
Can't wait!
taking a Hitchcock film class. Would love to see you guys discuss his super early stuff. You a fan? Blackmail,39 steps, etc
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a real man not a skinny jean wearin metrosexual
tomorrows 45 min core only will be hitting the posterior muscles from the neck to the heels...
Is something stopping you from #being who you want to be? Get #help,find out what it is, and #move #forward! I can help you!
See? Lol I drive my coach crazy though cause when we have practice early in the morning I'm SO hyper
How long does Pagan's streak need to be before it becomes national news?
You can do up to 10 of the additional practices. Each one you complete is a point.
Watchin All Dogs Go to Heaven # Child Hood memories
I'm feeling really good ! Just signed a contract for a really big deal !
See you tonight!
Try to #read at least as much as you
Gucci Bandada just to make me look tight :D
I don't have kids but I am a provider. I am and have always been the man of my household.
Great reception last night at Planet Hollywood and good to meet people for Sports and Entertainment Philanthropy Summit
can u please follow me
I know. I should get a reward for my goodness. (or lack of meanness)
On the way to San Diego! :)
Carla's hair!
I wouldn't unfollow you, today is my birthday!
Going outside to have a conversation with the moon.
I'll send you an invitation when I marry the nice guy. But don't hold your breath!
Love what the guys are doing at !
Want a workout that leaves u feeling Stretched, Centered&Strengthened? Check out 's #piyo ! 3/31 Training in WI! MSG me ASAP
how likely is this move. I agree a GREAT FIT
he talks about u all the time duh he's my brother
How's about a blooming onion?!
Skinny bartender bitching about having a fat day to the 3 bros next to me while I work on editing is a legal defense for homicide, right?
come to the holiday inn pool in ten minutes and we'll give you a wedgie.
LOL idk about that. The Vikess used to take up my apt bldg's parking lot & having to find our own parking was a NIGHTMARE. Eff.
wut it do
nice what will you be doing?
Come hang out with our new Tuesday night bartender - !
I'm a Catholic man and not once was I taught gay marriage, etc. is wrong. Judge and be judged, love one another.
Come in tomorrow for BOGO free edibles.
Huh? There's an accent in California? :)
What a waste of my weekend... Nothing accomplished at all. And the ex won't leave me alone. Ugh.
We knew this was coming it is part of the plan now we need to interrupt that plan.
That's the page I used. 'Motions filed' = filibuster begun.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!! Did you over indulge over the holidays? - write down your goal - visualize it - how will it add to your life/how you …
thanks for listening!
congrats!! You must feel so great!!
This game is killing me
special this evening. orecchiette w/ werp farm rapini, housemade fennel sausage, mushroom sofrito, and olive oil breadcrumb.
#MESI Brilliant Insight #1: " is like Power Point on speed."
“Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.” Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dave Miller Band tomorrow night at 7:30. This is bound to be a great all-ages, no cover show!
Lol!! RT : "oh you mix wit Japanese & Hello Kitty." lmaooo
I'm over all the articles saying I have better odds of having conjoined twins & getting murdered than winning the
GO BUSINESS!
"Yeah, Madonna still has it!" - One of the top ten things I never thought I'd say during a client meeting
Thanks Kristen for the RT. It's an awesome place.
Our destiny changes with our thought we shall become what we wish to become, do what we wish to do, when our habitual thought co
No matter how hard I try, you'll never be satisfied..
hahhaha true i dont think she would either
< now followin, thank you for the follow
I figured out how to change my name...now I gotta figure out the pic, lol!
Just woke up, goodmorning : )
Do you think he is speeding?
Nice to be seen...had to lay low and work like crazy FB was all I could handle. How r u?
“: How about you don't sing Journey and ruin it for everybody. K?” this made me think of you
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. - JK Rowling -
Its thundering loud Af in Atl ......
Sending <3 RT : Scary seizure. Prayers. RT : Thoughts and prayers with my boy Mike Patterson from the Eagles!
How do some people have 50k tweets? That's a little crazy lol.
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Okay that's it I'm done this week fuck everybody except the people have to work with onstage Monday is a new day I will start fresh
On a mere mortal, this look on would just never work.
